Freelance < PROPMALE > coming soon . 

Hoping to do something soon ... bare with me , please . 
Will \black people\ " ever rise up ? " 
You don't miss your water until your well runs dry . 
Posted some more < PROPMALE > . A lot of it is pencil , but maybe I'll do something bigger and better later ~ 
Nearly all men can handle adversity , but if you want to test a man's character , give him power . -- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work . -- < PROPFIRST > A . < PROPMALE > 
He that is of the opinion money will do everything may well be suspected of doing everything for money . -- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Feeling rather weird today ... Q_Q 
If there's any other black artists out there .... let's network . 
Rockin ' to tha rhythm ~ 
If there is no struggle , there is no progress . -- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Any fool can criticize , condemn , and complain , and most fools do . -- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
He who asks is a fool for five minutes , but he who does not ask remains a fool forever . -- Chinese Proverb 
Rest easy , people . 
Back on it tomorrow , folks . Gonna start on something special ... to me , anyway ~ 
Tobit Chapter 8 Verses 4 - 7 
Wassup , fam ? 
A real lady always keeps her house clean and organized , the laundry basket is always empty . She's always well dressed , hair done . She never swears , behaves gracefully in all situations and all circumstances . She has more than enough < PROPFEMALE > to take care of her family , always has a smile on her lips , and a kind word for everyone . Post this as your status if you too , suspect that you might be a man . 
Got any ideas or anything ? I'm going to do some studies , and hopefully have some new < PROPMALE > posted all in this week . 
To read without reflecting is like eating without digesting . -- Edmunde Burke 
Practice is the best of all instructors . -- Publilius Syrus 
Never mistake knowledge for wisdom . One helps you make a living ; the other helps you make a life . -- < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
Feelin ' good enough to start working on this stuff ... just wish I had some coffee ~ 
I have a personal reason for asking if everyone could put this as their status for one hour . I'm pretty sure I know the names of those who will . Think of someone you know who has or has had cancer or someone you lost to cancer . My wish is that in 2011 they will find a cure . Will you post this for one hour in honor of those who have fought , or are fighting cancer ? I hope to see it in your status . 
Taking a break ... \ 
If you got a PS3 and you're on PSN a lot , add me : Lithium_Tiger 
Going for a morning stroll ... I'm glad I was able to get some sleep and all . I hope I can do more today . 
Gonna do some portraits soon , I guess ... one's for someone special ~ 
Pushing forward ! Rain , hail , sleet or snow , leeeeeetttttt's go ! 
The best way I know of to win an argument is to start by being in the right . -- < PROPMALE > Hogg MP 
Work expands so as to fill the time available for its completion . -- C . Northcote Parkinson 
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation . -- < PROPMALE > Melville 
Turning it up later . Gotta focus on my next project . 
I'm making a < PROPFEMALE > for my < PROPMALE > and all that . This < PROPFEMALE > will be strictly for communication purposes in the future and sharing thoughts and information . 
Not gonna bother with set up , that willl take a few days for me . Check it out later . It's empty ... for now . 
Bringin ' heat . 
Hey folks . Just did a little exercise and I feel like drawing . Be back in an hour or more . 
The only lesson history has taught us is that man has not yet learned anything from history . -- Anonymous 
I think I'll go to sleep early myself .. I'm driving myself crazy again . -_- \ 
\ 
Will have some stuff ready for tomorrow I guess . 
Seems like opportunities are opening up for me .. I'll ride the wave and see where I go ~ 
Trying to get a WACOM . I'll probably have one within a week ... and when that happens .... BOOM ! ADFSFGTEFEG)*Y ! $* @Y *84t8 
Taking a hiatus while I renew my mind . 
I'm cutting it short . I'm back . 
God . I need to cut my coffee intake again . Colombian blend is kinda strong . 
ECCLESIATICUS 26:14 \ 
A slient and loving woman is a gift of the Lord ; and there is nothing so much worth as a mind well instructed . 
1 , 2 ! BODY ! UPPER !! 
ROOOFL\ 
\ 
They just tried to get me ... went out for a walk and now this ... God help me . -_- 
Shabot Shalom . 
A black male makes his woman jealous of other females . A Real Man makes other females jealous of his Woman , His woman makes every woman wish they were in her position . The issue is we have more men looking to break a womans spirit than to love her , women mad at the man . For their fathers not being there . When will we face our hurt and pain deal with it and heal one another . We all have the time . 
I need to make a video . I need to get something's off my chest . 
Just made a video . Gonna upload it to my youtube < PROPFEMALE > and share on here . In advance , I apologize for the low volume if you listen . I've never been a loud speaker and I don't have a \real\ " mic . " 
Just went for a jog ... and did about 50 push-ups on the way . It'll still be awhile before I'm back in good form ~ 
Making videos isn't bad . I think I'll add it to the things I do . 
You've got to be kidding me ! A resume for BK ?! GTFO !! \ 
Oh well , wish me well on the hunt ~ 
I don't make promises ; I strive to keep my word and be a better man . If I wronged you in the past , I apologize , albeit this isn't the best way to do it , I pray to God we can make it work in the future . I love you all , and especially YOU . I want us to be together , and I guess in due time we will . Sorry if I caused any stress . 
I don't know what tomorrow may bring , but I have to make a stand now . Putting my foot down ... should have did this before ... SMH . #takingcharge 
Weird things happening . I feel at ease , though . Might disappear for a bit ... 
I think I should take up a trade ... anyone have any suggestions ? 
My heart just skipped a beat ... LOL\ 
I'm trippin ' for real . 
Gonna grab me a Bamboo Pen WACOM tablet soon ... then it begins ! LET'S ROCK !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > ALERT !!! Edmonton , Kentucky . USA . Little girl , 3 yrs . old picked up by a man driving a gray car , license plate : Quebec 72B 381 . Canada . put this as your status . It could save her . The Kidnapping is recent so do it , 3 seconds will not kill you . If it were your child ..... what would you do ? 
A group becomes a team when all members are sure enough of themselves and their contribution to praise the skills of the other . -- < PROPFIRST > G . Shidle 
Never give up . Stay up , folks ... we still have work to do . This isn't our rest ... 
Needing someone to talk to ? How many would actually be there for you ? I guarantee not even 1 of my Facebook friends will copy this status . If you would be there for me set this as your status and see how many of us would be there for each other ! ( I just did for 1 of my friends ) Let's try it out and see . I posted this to show a friend they were wrong . Someone is always listening . 
I just wanna love ya ~ 
!!! > Edmonton , KY , USA\ 
Little girl , 3 yrs old , picked up by a man driving a gray car , License plate# Quebec 72B 381 , Canada . Put this as your status . It could save her life . The kidnapping is recent so DO IT ! If she were your child ? What would you do or want others to do ? HELP , OF COURSE 
Gonna try some new things once I get some other things out the way ... still waiting on obtaining a WACOM . D:< 
Gotta get on it tomorrow . Time is a precious thing . I would love to spend it with someone , but for now ... 
I'm uploading a couple more pics soon to my artist < PROPFEMALE > , Elegance . It's just pencil drawings for now . I'll put out better stuff when I can , but for now , I'm quite limited ... tsk . 
To everyone : If you're looking for labels , characters , custom letters designs , logos , CD cover designs and you need an artist to do your work or whatever ... hit me up . Call , message , post on my wall , email or whatever ! 
The 96% of the people who read this will not have the guts to re-post this . When Goku died in the explosion with Cell , he thought of both you and me . If you are part of that 4% that doesn't feel ashamed to love Goku , repost this . Thank you Goku . I lifted up my arms as well when you asked for energy for the spirit bomb . 
Gonna lay it down early . I have to get it together . Peace folks and be safe . We all have work to do ~ 
If you request something from me , and I'm doing it for free , I would like a good , detailed description of what you want ... other-wise , I'll do it my way . :/ 
Bnii Clouds left an anatomy book here ! I'm gonna study skeletal and muscle structure and surface anatomy to up my skills ! 
More later on ... 
What the ... FB's layout changed a bit ? Seems a bit more organized . >.> 
\If you love someone you'll wait for them 
While you scream at your woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper in her ears . While you humiliate , offend , and insult her , there's a man wanting to remind her how beautiful she is . While you hurt her , there's a man wishing he could take her pain away . While you make her cry , there's a man wanting to steal smiles from her . Post this on your wall , if you are against Domestic Violence & Mental Abuse . 
Damn phone has been sending the wrong pics the last couple of times I've tried to upload . SMH 
Most of my characters are black , okokokok . They're just not in color .... yet ! 
is considering going back to school . 
I didn't just grow up , I was RAISED . I was taught to speak when I enter a room , say please & thank you . To have respect for my elders , lend a helping hand to those in need , hold the door for the person behind me , say excuse me when it's needed & to love people for who they are , not for what you can get from them ! I was also taught to treat people the way I want to be treated ! If you were raised this way too , re-post this , sadly many won't , because they weren't . 
Feeling a bit discouraged right now ... I need a punching bag . 
You know what , forget my last thought . I'm gonna turn my pain into motivation . 
Working right now ... moving stuff and all , but I'm gonna start doing some comic stuff . I'm working on character ref sheets so I can start doing pages/strips until I get comfortable enough to put out something bigger . 
Will still be away for a bit longer , sorry if you missed me ( or not ) . I won't be back to full and functional capacity until this blows over . 
