so ready to go back to work ! 

still bored still ready to go back to work .... stupid knee surgery 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > 
five more days then i get to go back to work ! and once there i will be counting the days until i can take off again ... 
Ok everyone here is my nerd alert , if you lucky enough to live in an area where its not cloudy or if you dont have a lot of light polution stay up real late or get up real early to see the meteor shower tonight and tomorrow night ! 
Go West Side Little League going to the World Series AGAIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
missing my sanity last seen running far away from me .... reward for its safe return 
it should be illegal to have to work Mondays 
GO West Side Little Leauge !!!!!! 
i figured out what i want to be when i grow up ... so does any one know how i can become independently wealthy 
my sanity is still missing in action , please return if found 
lets see how well i can juggle taking a timed practice test and play on facebook at the same time ... multitasking ! 
the cleaning < PROPFEMALE > didnt come and visit last night ... the i dont think she is a < PROPFEMALE > at all rather an evil witch ! 
ok , cleaning < PROPFEMALE > i am going to give you one more < PROPMALE > please come to my house i have been a very good girl , i will set out a plate of sos pads and a glass of pine < PROPFIRST > for you .... 
in my head there are shelves that need cleaning from basement to ceiling ..... 
im changing my name and not telling my kids what it is ! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFIRST > !!!!!! 
So Proud of my Nephew !!!!! 
lots of milestones happening this week , my baby is starting Jr. High and my little baby is turning 3 .... im going to need a lot of tissues ! 
COFFEE need lots and lots of coffee .... 
my hubby just got me a Nook for my birthiversary .... im so excited i can wait until its charged and i can download a book ! 
woohoo study material is here oh what fun i could just about burst .... :( 
Thank you to everyone for the Birthday wishes and Thanks to everyone at work for all of the yummy treats it was a nice surprise :) 
HOORAY PEEWEE FRIENDED ME :) 
so tired ... so need a vacaction ... im thinking beach , sand , and some fruity girly drink ... 
I LOVE the NOOK ! click a button and bamm new book ! 
to much wine last night im such a lightweight ... but i finally got my new tats so all is good ! 
I ache for my bed .... so not looking forward to work tomorrow ! 
why do your kids seem to get sick at the worst possible times ... i need a clone ! 
house is so peaceful , hubby at school , girls are asleep ... dog is snoring ... i really should be doing something more productive but then that would ruin the peacefulness of it 
where is my damn easy button ! 
i feel like June Cleaver today , homemade breakfast , big homemade dinner , chocolate cake homemade , laundry , house work , playing with kids , running errands ... someone take my temp i seriously think i am sick ! 
Just say a preview for the < PROPMALE > Potter Movie im so excited ... 
WOW today is my nine year anniversary ... that means the last time i wore a dress was nine years ago ?.... 
why cant you at least have one glass of water before surgery they should really schedule this stuff first thing in the morning .... 
my doctor is so cool , since i couldnt stay awake to watch the surgery ( he said it would be cruel ) he took pictures of the inside of my knee its so cool ... and yes i have had a vicoden or 2 
sleep just doesnt seem to be on my agenda tonight .. you know because I have LOTS to do at 3am :~| 
this is nuts i was up for the better half of the night im so fricken tired but cant sleep not even with the pain meds ... 
so sleepy 
frick frick frick frick frick frick frick and frick ! 
is there anything else better in this world than chocolate peanut butter cup icecream ? i cant think of anything 
seriously so bored im watching < PROPFIRST > the exterminator ... 
im feeling a bit useless today ... 
hmmm i have been sitting on my butt for almost one week doing nothing but eating and drinking dt . pepsi's how the heck have i lost almost ten lbs ... 
im thinking that if my sisters come up to visit for thanksgiving that they will each be leaving with one less child ... two if < PROPMALE > were coming .. 
i need a makeover 
im so fricken bored ... 
i was showing my little Liv pics of her family in NC and she said mommy looks he's a soldier :) .... 
i am procrastinating i really should be studying but everytime i open the book my eyes close ... its a neat trick really ... 
the cheesecake is in the oven ! 
Cousins are there as childhood friends and are there when we get older forever friends . Repost if you ever had a cousin that made you smile ...? I think them all for the love and laughter we have shared !! To all my wounderful cousins ! 
so happy i get to go to work tomorrow so fricken ticked i destroyed the cheesecake i made for my work buddies ... sorry guys i promise i will make a new one this weekend .. 
so our big storm today was pretty uneventful ... im kinda disapointed 
Do you ever wonder ?.............. 
I hear monsters and have been hearing them all day ..... i bet one of my friends out there knows the meaning behind this ! :) miss you mamma < PROPMALE > 
Please copy and paste this into your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for people who need a punch in the face , except a punch in the face 
coffee , strong black coffee ! 
went to my Dr. today for my follow up to my knee surgery he looks at me and says \you need therapy\ " i told him that was an understatement ! " 
So happy for my sister < PROPFEMALE > her baby is back in town ! 
ok i just did did 10 reps of my at home physical therapy ... wine helps the pain 
seriously how can it be Sunday already , its not fair ! 
im thinking that the work week should be 2-3 days long ... this going to work every day thing just doesnt seem like much fun anymore ... 
im so cold im using my laptop as a hand warmer ... bet you didnt know i could type with my nose .... which by the way is also freezing 
i am wondering how my child can be so cute and so evil at the same time . 
Please , join me in putting this in your status if you or someone you love has been eaten by velociraptors . My wish is that people will understand that being ripped limb from limb and gobbled by a vicious carnivore is not a choice - people that were eaten were just not fast enough . 93% won't ... copy and paste this . Will you make it your status for at least one hour ? 
Burrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr come on laptop/handwarmer warm up ! 
I have figured out the secret to make a soon to be 13yo girl smile for hours non stop ....... get her a cell phone ... who knew 
blah 
im just tired 
Thank you Veterans for everything 
i have an exciting evening planned when the girls go to bed im busting out the box of white fudge oreos .... mmmmmm 
tell me who am i supposed to be ................ 
so ready for bed stupid time change 
snuggling with little one watching phineas and ferb 
ok going to get < PROPFEMALE > topping and a cardboard cake box so i can bring my pip peeps a cheesecake tomorrow .... if i dont frick it up again ! 
just went and got 3 of my 5 secret < PROPFEMALE > gifts i decided i didnt like anything on their hint list and went my own way :) 
cheesecake tomorrow 
so ready 4 bed 
An \immigrant\ " proudly flies the U.S. flag . An \ " invader\ " flies only his own " 
my poor hubby is back to working 12 hour days and now i have to bail on pee-wees open < PROPFIRST > night ... sorry peewee 
< PROPMALE > Potter in just a few days ! 
< PROPMALE > Potter was GREAT !!!!! seen a preview for the Green Lantern which looks to be awesome ! 
gotta try to get the christmas tree up today to get ready for company i need to channel my inner < PROPFEMALE > stewert , but only seem to find my inner sponge < PROPMALE > 
so i get to work im there for maybe ten minutes when the school calls ..... now i feel guilty for feeling guilty that i stayed home with her instead of going back to work ... it sucks to feel guilty for trying to be a good mommy 
Hope Everyone Has had a Happy Thanksgiving ~~~ :) 
i would rather me a pothole than a skidmark anyday 
OSU !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Thanksgiving weekend Hangover had too much fun with my sisters and niece and nephews ... now its time to sleep for a year .... i wish 
one minute im being talked to like i am a worthless piece of trash who doesnt even deserve your respect to finish what i was saying then in the very next breath I am your go to expert ..... well you cant have both !!!!! 
2 glasses of wine makes the bad day go bye bye 
to close to christmas for me to not have any shopping done except for my work secret < PROPFEMALE > gift ........... 
:) liv wants mommy to make her hair blue like the la la loopsie ... awww is it bad that i considered coloring my 3 yo hair blue .. i thinnk not ;) 
smurfy 
i can NOT believe it is Sunday Evening and I have to go back to WORK tomorrow already ... really 2day weekends are just not long enough ! 
3yr olds can say the cutest things sometimes she lookes at the swiss cheese i was shredding for dinner and said are we eating sponege < PROPMALE > cheese ... gotta love it :) 
i think that it should be legal to shoot out someones tires if they do not give you the thank you wave 
i have a million and one things to do tonight , and a million more to do this weekend and not one ounce of energy left to do it .... 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > , Please bring me a flame thrower for Christmas , i promise i wont shoot out my eye , and i promise to only use it to melt the snow on the driveway .... maybe ... 
it should be acceptable for us to hibernate when the temp outside is less than 20 ! 
Congrats to < PROPFEMALE > and Tiff for passing the tests today and a big THANK YOU to PeeWee and < PROPFEMALE > for covering our desks today . 
im dreaming of < PROPFIRST > beaches and perfect 72 degree weather ............... 
i wish i could get sent to my room without dinner and go to bed 
Good News i was able to through some sort of mommy magic take my girls colds so they wont be sick for christmas .... and double good news for them my voice is only so-so ... 
i just want my bed wake me when im not sick anymore 
Wishing a very < PROPFEMALE > SAFE Christmas to all of our soldiers protecting our freedom , you are all dearly loved and missed ! 
I wish Everyone a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas 
so my little baby girls is turning 13 in one week , im not sure im ok with that .... im thinking i should put her back in her telebubbies clothes and piggie tails ..... 
One more day in the work year ...... just one more ... 
Big Thank you to < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Children are Resiliant ! only a child can get sick 3 times in 3 hours and still want to play 
I think .... hope and pray the worst of it is over with Liv ... Thanks Again to < PROPFEMALE > A HUGE LIFE SAVER TODAY ! 
someone is feeling better today ! i better go the grocery store because that someone is HUNGRY today ! 
Wishing all of our troops A VERY HAPPY NEW YEAR ! THANK YOU FOR ALL YOU DO AND COME HOME SAFE ! WE ARE MISSED AND LOVED DEARLY !!!!!! 
a great big thank you to my wonderful husband ( heart ) my new living room floor looks great ... 
well its official , I am now the proud parent of a teenage daughter GOD HELP ME ! 
I dont know what to do , tv is off , hubby in bed , kids in bed ... its so quiet and peacefull ............. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ............. i must be dreaming 
bedtime can not come soon enough ! 
i say everyone boycott the new zodiac signs lets just stick with what has worked for the last 300 years .... i like my tattoos i dont want to have to change them =) 
have you ever been so comfortable that you try to mentally make a fresh cup of coffee come to you so you dont have to ruin the comfort ?... it doesnt work 
live in ohio and deal with wet , icey , snowy weather but have a job , a house etc ... or live on a tropical beach in a cardboard box ... decisions decisions ... =) 
meeting yesterday ... ... ... anticipation is killing me my hopes are not high but I NEED TO KNOW ... like i said its killing me not knowing ... all I need is yes or no ... 
1 . Go to Google Maps and click \Get directions\ " . \ 
so ready for a vacation maybe in a few years 
I am fluent in 3 differant languages , English , Sarcasm and Profanity . 
New game show coming soon ! Who wants to be an American ? Winner gets green-card . Losers get financial aid , gas station or restaurant and don't have to pay taxes . 
im going to go buy salt for the driveway today in hopes that i wont need to use it .... an inch of ice possible for tuesday and wednesday are you fricken kidding me 
so many books to download to my nook once i pass this next test ... 
IS EXPECTING ! I know , it's pretty crazy isn't it ? I don't want to believe it myself . I wasn't going to put it on here , cuz it will be obvious soon enough , but thought I needed to make it official . I mean who would have guessed ! So now you know . We are expecting * frigid weather * again tonight and tomorrow !! Re-post if you have any sense of humor !! 
nap time 
FERGIE SINGING MY G N R ..... BAD SLASH ..... BAD 
the person who can cure migraines will be a GOD in my book ! 
sleepy ... so very sleepy 
i figured it out ...... everything makes sense now ... well at least somethings 
I am fourteen million < PROPMALE > away ... from sane 
study , study , cram a whole bunch of knowledge into my brain study study study study .... 
AIC passed , hmmm i guess i didnt \bite off more than i could chew\ " after all ... " 
books downloaded , nook charging .... i now have something to do during lunch at work ! ;) 
im having trouble conforming into what certain people at work think i need to be , dont feel like i can even speak without being judged by that person ... i think that i will prob . not conform and suffer the consequences .... 
Dear Uncle < PROPFIRST > , Please be kind to me today , please try to understand that i dont want to pay you anymore money .... 
so is it wrong for me to want hubby to quit his job just so he can attend a super awesome concert with me during the week in < PROPMALE > .... yeah i know its wrong ... stupid being an adult thing always gets in the way of fun ! 
im thinking a nice glass of wine would really hit the spot . 
< PROPFIRST > Widmer found guilty , with the evidance and testimony that had been made public I just dont see how he could of been found guilty without a reasonable doubt ... very disturbing 
oweee ... :( mouth full of stitches , face swollen , have 4 prescriptions ... its going to be an iinteresting day at work tomorrow . interesting that I paid for this torture ... 
Got to love the pediatrician office thats open everday ... not fun having to go on Saturday and Sunday 
sometimes making the right decision means making the wrong choice 
Doesn't make much sense , does it ?? : Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised . Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first . 1% will re-post and 99% won't . Have the guts to re-post this . I KNOW I'm in the 1% 
60yrs ago today , a daughter , sister , aunt , disciplinarian , teacher , booboo healer , and most importantly a mother was born . \ 
Happy Birthday Mom I love you . 
Cousins are the first friends most people ever have as children . No one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins . Even if you haven't talked much lately ... Re-post if you have some of the best cousins in the world ..... I know I do !! 
wine , the ultimate stress reliever 
my husbands job is killing him ... its just inhumane to have someone work 80+ hours a week .... oh and no overtime ;( 
is it bed time yet ? 
sleepy weather time to get snuggly on the couch ! 
I really need to start napping in my car at lunch 
SIBLING WAR !!! Copy this if you are the best and smartest of your siblings . If this stands an hour without your brothers & sisters protesting ... it's true ! 
< PROPFIRST > Sheen , is all over the news this week because he's a celebrity drug addict . < PROPFIRST > Bieber was all over the news for 2 days this week because he cut his hair . While < PROPFIRST > Wilfahrt 31 , < PROPFIRST > Tabada 21 , < PROPMALE > Hizon 22 , Chauncy Mays 25 , < PROPFIRST > Stark 22 , < PROPMALE > Gould 25 , < PROPFIRST > Fahey 23 are all soldiers who gave their lives this week with no media mention . Honor THEM by re-posting this 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using 4 words , what would you say to me ? 
My mental health day turned into taking care of my sick little one day .... at least she had good timing with it . 8 ) 
Woohoo hubby has a Saturday off .... Thank God my < PROPFEMALE > Do list is getting pretty long .... :) 
Is the glass half full or half empty ? 
I think my oldest may be well enough to go back to school tomorrow ... and I just may put both of my girls in plastic bubbles to keep them from getting sick 
spoke to soon about my < PROPFEMALE > , this Flu is kicking her butt , so sorry to my work peeps that i am leaving them short handed again :( 
Liv and I were outback exploring the our back yard she goes eww mommy what is that , I said its deer poo , she goes why did they deer poo in our yard , I asked where they are supposed to she said the neighbors yard ! I havent laughed so hard in a long time 
such a busy day at work i was going crossed and didnt know if i was coming or going ... I LOVE BUSY DAYS .... it was great ! 
DEADLY TERMS USED BY WOMEN : 1 . FINE : This is the word women use to end an argument when they KNOW they are right and you need to shut up 2 . NOTHING : This means SOMETHING and you should be wary . 3 . GO AHEAD : This is a dare , NOT permission . DON'T DO IT 4 . WHATEVER : A woman's way of saying F*YOU ! 5 . THAT'S OK : She's thinking long and hard before deciding HOW and WHEN you WILL pay for your mistake ! Repost , save a life :} 
house quiet everyone in bed .... so quiet ... now for some mind numbing boring word drop that will hopefully make me sleepy 
I have a very personal reason for asking if everyone can put this as their status for one hour . Think of the ones you know or love who have had cancer . My wish for 2011 is that they will be cured . Will you post this for 1 hour ? \ 
**** for Gennifer **** 
wow look at that 5:28 pm already ... its bedtime ... 
I tried the mind over body thing and went and sat on a secluded warm beach today .... warning ... dont do this while driving ... 
I have Dinner cooking before breafast this morning ..... mmmm pot roast ... Ok mmm vegi's i dont like the roast part :) 
