I miss my friends ... 

Moving to St Bonaventure in 2 weeks !!! 
7 Days until I move to St. Bonaventure !!! 
Less Than One Week Until the Move to St Bonaventure !!! 
is almost done unpacking . 
one box left . 
Unpacked ... phew . 
is for the first time excited for Monday . 
YAY TOMORROW IS MONDAY !!!! I'M SO EXCITED !!! NO LIE . 
I'm on twitter ..... 
Today was a good day . 
I love how the bells just played \I am 16 going on 17\ " from the Sound of Music . " 
Can't believe how fast my first week went . 
Snuggie released a \designer series\ " which consists of zebra print and leopard print ...... " 
loves his new computer chair . 
Last day of opening ! 
I enjoy my job :-) 
My mood is very much like the weather today ... and it's not nice out . 
It is rather cold in my office today ... debating getting my fingerless gloves . 
My mom asked me today what I want for Christmas ... Any ideas ? 
Just gotta wait it out ... 
Snow in October ? Realy ?! 
Snow in October ? Really ?! 
I was looking forward to today , what a crummy day it turned out to be . 
Fight the Flu at SBU - Health & Safety Fair TODAY ! < PROPMALE > Dining Room ; 9:30 - 3:00 !!! 
Facebook looks different ..... 
I want a Christmas Tree ! 
Indifferent . 
I <3 Soccer 
Tomorrow is Tuesday but it's kind of like Friday because I don't work the day after . Couldn't be happier for a Tuesday . :-) 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
Back to work tomorrow . 
Never knew how awesome it felt to score a goal at the last second of a game until tonight , we didn't win but it still felt pretty damn amazing . 
I have officially completed doing all of my RA Evaluations . 
I'm enjoying Loud Hour ! 
Dear Residents : Happy Holidays .... Now GO HOME ! 
I'm enjoying Glee Volume 1 & 2 . 
Love my iPad ! 
Completely lost track of time and I have yet to get ready for bed ... :-( 
Just looked at the next four weekends of February and I'm booked solid through till the first weekend in March . Ridiculous . 
Ran out of space on my iTouch , I even deleted a bunch of applications , so it's basically just music . 
I don't think I've ever been so hapy to no longer be on duty . 
Accepted into Grad School ... soooo excited ! 
Can't decide if I like \Follow Me\ " by 3Oh ! 3 . " 
So happy for my brother and his finance ' for buying their first house !!!! 
RA Selection definitely runs on coffee . 
Only two more New RA Applicant Interviews to go and then they're all done ... FINALLY ! 
So excited that my IUP hoodie came in the mail today ! 
Why can't idol just be on for 1 hour ? 
Wooooo ... My brother and future Sister In-Law got a house !!!! YAY ! 
Started packing today ... already have an empty drawer . 
So the sun is up at 7am . Who knew . 
What a weekend , did not expect/plan to make that purchase . 
Back to St Bonaventure today . 
And 6 hours later I'm back at Bonas 
Cannot believe there's going to be another season of Real Housewives of New Jersey ... 
Four day week ! 
Today they began mowing the grass outside , it smells very nice . 
There's a Camaro on campus that looks exactly like Bumblebee from Transformers . 
Quite happy with the bottom 2 on American Idol this evening . 
It's Flurrying out ... 
I don't think the students understand how the Housing Lottery works ... 
Don't click the gift thing .... sorry if you do . :-( 
Got an urge to watch the 1st < PROPMALE > Potter 
Glee returns tonight ! 
Spotting the Glee cast sitting behind the American Idol judges just got me pumped for the Glee premiere !! 
Registered for my first graduate course , very exciting . 
SBU Voices Presents : Take Back the Night - Tonight at 6:15 pm in Butler !! 
Bumpin < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s , < PROPFIRST>'s Party in the RA Office . 
It's snowing out ... 
Spending this crummy day watching The Notebook for the first time . 
And begins a week of duty . 
Feeling rather drowsy ... 
Tonight was a very difficult night , still have a lot of learning to do . 
Please please please let tonight go better than last night ! 
So tired but can't seem to fall asleep . Monday morning wake up will be rather difficult . 
Wooooo ! Southland renewed for a 3rd season !!! 
The Schick for women comercial I just saw on TV makes me very uncomfortable ... 
I'm happy < PROPFEMALE > Magnus was sent home tonight on Idol ... 
A little nervous about this weekend ... 
Yup , just spilled water all over myself . 
Kinda miss that A/C unit that used to be in my kitchen window . 
I definitely was able to get a lot more sleep this weekend than last weekend . And this weekend was Spring Weekend . Worried over nothing as usual . 
Started packing today ... 
Don't know how I feel about the Tranformers 3 cast . 
Really hoping the students at Bonas are loud from 8-9pm tonight for Loud Hour ! Nothing would make me happier , I have my playlist ready to go !!!!!! 
I think I enjoy Loud Hour more than the students do ... 
Tonight is a pretty awesome night . Loud Hour , Gaga on Idol , an awesome evening thunderstorm . So nice . 
Little worried about how I'm going to fit all this stuff in my car . 
Today , Closing Begins . 
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there ! 
I love that pleated pants are on the undateable list from VH1 . Mostly because I don't own any . 
Glee continues to make my Tuesday nights awesome . 
I forgot how exhausting closing is . 
Boy Meets World is on ABC Family at 7am ! So exciting ! Best part of waking up . 
WHAT ?! RFD is closed ?! AWESOME ! Thank you to all my RAs for their hard work today , special shout out to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > for putting in some extra time . :-) 
I hate being sick ... 
\ ... how can I have some more of nothing ? \ " You're killing me Smalls ! " 
Back in CT ! 
When the high temperature for the day is 82 degrees , I don't think the written description should be \warm . \"" 
So according to the weather channel it feels like 100 out ... It's still May , little nervous about what the summer will be like . 
Very quickly running out of responses for the question \why ? \ " ( my niece loves to ask \ " why \")" 
Registered for Fall Semester classes today , so very exciting ! 
Forgot how incredibly sad \Seven Pounds\ " is . " 
Quite the successful bachelor/stag party for my brother . 
I don't know why I watch the MTV Movie Awards , always a disappointment . 
Love how the rain smells 
It's a good thing I love the movie Wall-E . 
I really like < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s new CD . So hard to find a CD where all of the songs are good . 
I think this shirt just attracts toothpaste . Everytime I wear it I somehow get toothpaste on it . 
What happened to all of my buddies on aim ???? Why are they all gone ? I have 0 friends , literally . :-( 
Enjoying < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > University !! 
About a week to go until the move to IUP !!! 
My new apartment is awesome ! 
Uploaded photos of my new apartment for everyone's enjoyment . 
What better way to start the morning than with Boy Meets World . Thank you ABC Family . 
Making friends with the Stapleton Library . 
Starting to get into the swing if things . So far enjoying my grad school experience . 
Quite the < PROPFEMALE > night ! Lovin the thunderstorms that have been rolling through tonight . 
Had an awesome time playing soccer . Especially accomplishing something I've never done before - game winning goal with a header ! 
Made my first successful omelet today ! 
\Does anyone know what a ballad is ? \ " Brittany : \ " It's a male duck . \"" 
Had an awesome time today at Kennywood ! 
Very productive this evening . So proud of myself . 
Only a littl overwhelmed ... 
What better way to take a break than to watch Project Runway . 
Dear Research Paper , please finish yourself . Thanks . 
So , with just about 8 pages , I'm going to bed , I ran out of sources , tomorrow I shall add fluff and an intro and conclusion . 
So much for fluff ... looking for more sources . 
The end is in sight . 
DONE ! Saluté 
Yay , done with my first grad class ! 
I don't think I'll ever figure out how to successfully fold a fitted sheet . 
Finally enjoying some much needed relaxation . 
Thanks @KelliMarie for calling me awesome , really made my day . I am awesome . 
Finally received a satisfying haircut . 
Had a very nice night tonight . :-) 
Yay training ! 
Enjoying the company of < PROPMALE > Tarbell , < PROPMALE > Kühns , < PROPFEMALE > Thompson , & Brandyn Holtzinger ! 
\Don't put up barriers to your success . \ " ( Boy Meets World ) " 
First Big Opening Day ! 
Way to go Team Wallwork ! 
Thoroughly enjoyed playing soccer tonight . 
First Fall semester grad class tomorrow , not sure how I'm feeling about it ... 
This is not the best time to start feeling sick ... 
Yay !! Long Weekend !!! 
Amazing Weekend ! 
Definitely thought this paper was going to be easy . 
They have original power ranger toys at Walmart ! So exciting ! Just relived my childhood !! 
Dear iPhone , I appreciate you trying to help with spelling but my last name is not speedo . 
Hope tonight is a better night for < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > than last night . 
\Do you have a porch for that swing\ " best quote of homecoming weekend . " 
Dear residents , please vacate ASAP . THANKS ! Have a nice Thanksgiving ! 
< PROPMALE > Potter in #IMAX tonight ! So excited ! 
It's quite ugly outside . 
It's Snowing ! 
I want Despicable Me , I don't want to wait 4 more days ! 
Who knew the Glee soundtrack could get me focused . 
Two finals down , one to go . 
Proctoring an exam for the first time ... This should be interesting . 
I'm pretty sure I went the entire day of Thursday thinking it was Friday . 
Home Alone and Chinese food , minus being sick , not a bad way to spend Christmas < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas 
I need to know who borrowed Elf from me ..... I can't find it anywhere or remember who I lent it to :-( 
I don't think I've ever been so fearful of a superbowl . 
Super Bowl ? It's on an HD channel , so why not . 
Soooo how long do I have to wait for Glee to come on ? 
Cupid Shuffle is stuck in my head for some reason ... 
February 9 , 2011 turned out to be a really great day . :-) 
Anyone wanna come with me tomorrow ( Friday @ 2:30 pm ) to Toyota to get my car repaired ??? 
Th circus is coming to IUP , I kinda wanna go ... 
Blah , I'm really tired of being sick . 
The fever is gone ! Finally ! 
Welcome back fever ... long time no see . 
Just realized I have been on facebook while watching The Social Network . 
Thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
Feeling optimistic 
Vector = direction and magnitude ... VECTOR ! 
Mr Whit was a HUGE success ! Couldn't be prouder of the Whitmyre RHC , Mr Whit contestants and their escorts ! 
Can't wait to head home this weekend ! 
Time to close this place . 
I love bumping into old RWU friends :-) 
Well I don't know about the rest of the IUP students , but this on call person would like some sleep . 
Whatever is being cooked downstairs smells delicious . 
