is learning to cope with the fact that she , in fact , cannot buy everything on modcloth.com, no matter how much she would like to . 

wants to learn how to do CSS coding but doesn't want to put the effort into it . Oh well . 
cannot focus to save her life . All she has to do is type the script in screenplay format . Seriously , it's not hard . FOCUS . 
has come to the conclusion that Sylar from \Heroes\ " tastes like cookies . " 
' s head is going to explode . So much to do in such a short time . 
is packing , cleaning , organizing , planning , and ... pre-production-ing all at once . Once filming starts , she may keel over and drop dead . Just maybe . 
is stressed . Auditions tomorrow 9am-4pm Carver Center in Black Mountain . Be there or be square . 
is watching < PROPFEMALE > Trek : The Original Series . Yes , she IS that nerdy . 
has yellow and green fluorescent hair . 
is too EXCIIIIIIIITED TO SLEEP . 
and < PROPFIRST > just discovered the future of snacking . 
Word of the day : loghorrea ( n ) excessive talkativeness . 
Herooooooooes ! 
feels like doing something creative . 
is disease and danger , wrapped in darkness and silence ... wait , no , that's space . < PROPFEMALE > is just diseased and feels the icey breath of death upon her neck . Yes , she just quoted two movies in one status . She wins . 
is dying dramatically . 
is tired of feeling like she's on her deathbed . When will this fucking hell sickness go away ? 
SURVIVED SWINE FLU !!! ( ... if that was in fact swine flu ... ) 
can't stop listening to Muse's newest album . Also , she's not looking forward to the inspection or interview tomorrow , mostly because both take place in the a.m. hours . Boo . 
likes being a real , functioning member of society again . 
is exhausted but feels a compelling need to figure out what to say to Cuyler during her phone interview with the < PROPMALE > Institutes . Also figuring out a way to make sure dad doesn't fuck the whole thing up . 
is old . 
Thank you for all the birthday wishes ! 
apparently has a huge penis . Who knew . 
will go to the animal shelter and get you a < PROPFEMALE > cat . She will let you fall in love with that < PROPFEMALE > cat . And then on some dark , cold night she will steal away into your home and PUNCH YOU IN THE FACE . 
Donde < PROPFEMALE > la biblioteca ? Me llamo < PROPFEMALE > , la araña discoteca . 
is rocking out to Morrissey . That makes her a slightly cooler kid than this morning , but she still wins the nerd award because she's still wearing her Chewbacca shirt and plans to watch < PROPFEMALE > Trek later . Yeah , both . 
is a gay man . 
While on facebook , press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , enter and then scroll . No , really . Do it . 
wonders if they actually stive to make training videos for new jobs as ungodly boring as possible . Two and a half hours made her want to stab someone . 
does not want to go to work at 8 a.m. Who goes to a pharmacy at 8 a.m. ? No one , that's who . 
RARAAAHAAHAAHROMAROMAAHAAHGAGAOOHLALA WANTYOURBADROMANCE . 
This is why I'm hot . This is why , this is why , this is why I'm hot . I'm hot ' cause I'm fly , you ain't , ' cause you not . 
had to walk home from work . At 10 pm . In the dark . In the snow . With < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . ' Twas fun . 
Whoever assigned me to the opening shift of the day after Christmas needs to go die in a fire . 
had a conversation about her dad's latent homosexuality and may or may not be able to resist yelling \BEARD ! \ " when she finally meets his new girlfriend . " 
\This Quidditch game is like < PROPMALE > vs Slytherin ! I mean ... wait . \ " - My brother watching < PROPMALE > Potter . " 
I feel that another change of hair is in order . I may go natural until I get bored with it again . 
is drinking chocolate milk out of a wine glass because she is one classy motherfucker . 
has to work on Valentines Day . Therefore she will give out Valentines to her customers . 
is displeased with her hair . < PROPFEMALE > does not equal auburn , Revlon . So tomorrow will be another dying excursion . Then perhaps a haircut next weekend . 
is listening to < PROPFIRST > Downey Jr's album . Yes , THAT < PROPFIRST > Downey Jr , and yes , a music album . 
might be going to HAWAII this summer . Holy crap . 
is going to gallop into a wooded < PROPMALE > to punchdance out her rage . 
is spending her Saturday night in her room dramatically singing along to * NSync songs and talking about nerdy things with awesome people . Saturday night well spent . 
Fuck you , work . Fuck you for calling me in on my day off . 
Sat-sat-sat-saturday night is not for romance . It's a night for us to get in dudes ' pants . 
apparently \bears a striking resemblance to < PROPFEMALE > Zellweger\ " according to a random customer at work . " 
I guess I'll do \Doppleganger Week\ " since I was told I look like < PROPFEMALE > Zellweger just yesterday . " 
is trying ( and failing horribly ) to talk herself out of going to Hawaii this May in exchange for oh , you know , actually having money . 
In three months and one day , I will be boarding a flight to Oahu . 
already lost count on her countdown to May 10th and doesn't feel like re-counting . I FAIL AT THIS GAME . 
is convinced we're actually in Narnia and the White Witch has begun her reign and it will be winter for 100 years . 
House sitting until Wednesday . WOO HOUSE PARTY ... except not . Really though , movie marathon Saturday night - Sunday night . Yes . 
http://www.postmodernbarney.com/2009/04/uncomfortable-plot-summaries/ 
Team Masturbation ! 
Whoever invented opeening shifts was a sick son of a bitch and I hate them . 
I wasted my entire night playing Bejeweled and surfing Facebook . Oh the Internet Age , I love you so . 
loves watching movies about Foot and ~*~*~ Javier ~*~*~ when < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Cruse are involved . 
66 days until May 10th . Kick ass . 
is a doctor , not an escalator . 
is on a boat motherfucker , don't you e'er forget . 
Also I cannot spell . 
is not my lover , she's just a girl who claims that I am the one . But the kid is not my son . 
somehow went from never sleeping to having the sleep schedule of a geriatric at some point in the last few months . 
did absolutely nothing today , and will do absolutely nothing tonight , and it it FABULOUS . 
spent her night watching 8 episodes of Lost in a row , after a day of watching The Twilight Zone . Weird dreams are sure to follow . 
Whoever decided it's a good idea to A ) schedule me the closing shift tonight and the opening shift tomorrow and B ) schedule all the district managers to come into the store tomorrow and hinder my ability to wear fun St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day clothing that is against our uniform policy makes me want to punch kittens . ... But only the asshole kittens that need punching . 
had a wonderful day . Contented sigh . 
' s dad really is a legit crazy person . Only crazy people don't like Nutella . That or he makes it a point to hate everything < PROPFEMALE > loves in life . 
WHAT'S IN THE HATCH ?! WHAT'S IN THE HAAAAAAAAAAAAAATCH ?! ... This endeavor to watch all of Lost is ruining me . Also I will be in Hawaii for the series finale . I must gloat this fact . 
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK . Is today over yet ? No ? ... FUUUUUUUUUUUCK . 
had a status in her head but forgot what it was because today has been the longest day of her life and she is braindead . Something about how working five days in a row sucks when you have a mindless monkey job . 
< PROPMALE > Ingle looks really weird in real life . Especially when he's snooping around your store's aisles , comparing your prices to Ingles ' prices . Way to be subtle , < PROPMALE > . 
In 525,600 minutes , how do you measure the life of a woman or a man ? 
is counteracting crappy weather and even crappier moods by watching a Veggie Tales movie . 
Gee < PROPFEMALE > , what did YOU do this weekend ? Oh I got a new puppy and painted my bathroom purely on a whim . The usual . 
has 47 days to watch 96 episodes of Lost . Dun DUN DUNNNNNN . 
needs to stop hyperextending her body parts . 
Is getting her pale ass sunburned at 11 am . And loving it . 
is a drug dealer . In the pharmaceutical sense . 
secretly thinks every Vicodin prescription she fills is really Dr. House using false identities . ... or < PROPFEMALE > is just beyond sleepy and can't wait for this week to be over and amuses herself with small things like that while counting pills and dealing drugs . 
is trying to figure out a way to be awake like a cheerful < PROPFEMALE > for the 4 am < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > party and still be good to go at 10 am for hiking to some waterfall way out ... somewhere . I dunno where the hell this thing is . 
is tired , bruised , sore and in serious need of a shower . It was a good day . 
I guess I live in an action movie . That's the only explanation I have for a house exploding and a guy coming into the store with a gun , all in one 8-hour shift . 
hates blisters and the necessary evil that is breaking in shoes . Now it's time to shower , moisturize her sunburned face , and gear up for yet another 39 hour week . 
I'm convinced < PROPMALE > scheduled me Tuesday night specifically so I couldn't watch Glee . 
is to the point of tiredness in which she stares at her bed , wishing it was closer because she is too tired to get up and walk ten feet . 
is pissed off that she will be at work when Glee comes on tonight . Like , way WAY pissed off . 
Did you know that dolphins are just gay sharks ? 
Morning . Not fun . Need sleep . Forrealsies babe . Word . 
In exactly one month I will be spending the majority of my day in the air , flying to < PROPFEMALE>'s tropical paradise . I can live with that . 
is talking to her biyotches . 
Mount < PROPFIRST > summit . Forgot camera . Lost in the < PROPMALE > . Found in < PROPFIRST > . What a day . 
is probably just still delirious from the 10 mile hike . 
WILL watch Glee tonight . If anyone thinks about stopping her from doing so , she may or may not stab them with a spork . 
To dye or not to dye– that is the question : Whether ' tis nobler in the mind to suffer The slings and arrows of outrageous blonde roots , Or to take arms against a sea of mismatched hair , And , by opposing , end it . To dye , to sleep No more – and by a sleep to say we end The split ends and the thousand natural shades That hair is heir to – ‘tis a consummation Devoutly to be wished . 
22 days . 
I . AM . IRONMANDA . 
Why on god's green earth am I awake at this ungodly hour ? Who wakes up at 6:30 on their day off ? I don't have to get up until 9 . WHYYYYYY ? 
19 days until Hawaii . Jiminy Christmas . 
is nerding out so hard right now . 
is listening to the American Idiot broadway musical . Yeah , it's awesome . 
is tired of being tired . 
He ate my heart . He a-a-ate my heart . 
Shopping for Hawaii , which is in 15 days . Waaaaaat . 
' s bank account went from $400 to $137 in a matter of two days . This trip is expensive and I haven't even taken it yet . Two weeks . HOLLAAAAAA . 
wants a 10 hour shift today and a 9 hour shift tomorrow like she wants a hole in her head . 
Fuck 10 hour shifts . 
Someone needs to explain to my boss that \part time job\ " does not mean 40 hour weeks . I understand he's trying to do me a favor because more hours = more vacation money but still . I'm tired and it's only Sunday . " 
11 days , 16 hours , 15 minutes and 35 seconds . 
Happy Masturbation Month ! 
is trying to figure out when to pack since she has to work the four days before she leaves . Hooray for getting off work at 10 pm Friday and being at the airport by 5:30 am Saturday . 
likes when people thinks she's being sweet , but she's really just being sarcastic . 
WILL be wearing her glow-in-the-dark Iron Man arc reactor t-shirt when she sees Iron Man 2 , why do you ask ? 
already loves this episode of SNL . 
did not go to Grandfather Mountain today because apparently 100 mph wind on a swinging bridge is dangerous or some shit . Did go on a 5 mile , less exciting hike . 
I got my digital camera . Imma make your momma do a million poses . 
This PB&J sandwich has too much PB and not enough J . 
got 99 problems and they all bitches . 
feels like ass this morning . Please don't be sickness plaguing my lungs/nose . 
I saw a lady with a legit mustache today . 
The radio station I wake up to played \Poker Face\ " right at 6 am this morning . Then they played \ " Uprising\ " by Muse . And I got paid sometime between 12:30 last night and 6 am this morning . Best morning ever . " 
Chair dancing to the Black Eyed Peas , with dye in my hair , ignoring an half-packed suitcase . Procrastination at its best . 
Leftover Japanese food for lunch = heaven . 
Stop telephoning me-eh-eh-eh-eh-eh-eh . 
T-minus 5 hours and counting . 
Bagel and cream cheese in Atlanta for breakfast . Watched the sun rise from 19,000 feet . 
Watching the sun rise over the Pacific from my room . Wow . 
Everyone just needs to chillax . We're on vacation dudes , goddamn . 
is going to die on a hike tomorrow . Because hiking up a massively steep , muddy trail to a radio tower on top of a mountain on an island in 87 degree weather isn't dangerous or anything . 
is bruised , scratched , sore , hobbling like an old lady , and smells of chlorine . And she will go to dinner this way because she does not give a fuck . That was the hardest hike ever . So fun though . Very muddy . ... VERY muddy . 
Beach time , then to the < PROPMALE > where < PROPMALE > Kamehameha forced 400 prisoners to jump to their death . aka Nature's Blowdryer . It was so < PROPFEMALE > it was hard to walk . 
saw someone walking down the streets of Waikiki on a Saturday night wearing a full body < PROPMALE > costume . This was after she saw the mime , firebreather , and statue people . 
IT'S 10 AM IN HAWAII , WHY ARE YOU TAKING A NAP ? LET'S DO SOMETHING FUN . 
Today's \Amanda Is A Pale Person and Gets Weird Sunburns\ " is ... My shins . " 
Decided to walk to the top of < PROPFEMALE > Head Crater at the crack of < PROPFEMALE > before my flight home . 
short 1.5 mile hike , nice walk along the beach . Good morning . Now to shower , finish packing and off to the airport to head back home . < PROPFEMALE > sigh . 
Home . And I've been awake for over 24 hours and traveled over 4,500 < PROPMALE > . I think I will go pass out now . 
has been awake for 40 hours . Minus the three hour nap , and the brief nodding off on the plane . WHY , BODY , WHYYYYYY ? 
feels like she was in a bar fight last night . She wasn't . But whoever invented jetlag is a prick . 
needs to fuck some shit up . 
is an evil genius . There are pictures of Lost filming locations waiting at our store for our Lost-loving manager to find in the morning . * cue Lost title card and mysterious music * 
Dear My Immune System , way to fail . 
is playing a game of \check your emails before the Nyquil makes you pass out\ " and failing at it . Do not want to go to work tomorrow . " 
is either gonna pass out or throw up at work today . Or she will just flat out die . 
needs to go to work tonight like she needs a hole in the head . However she really does need a shower . 
must remember to buy Dracula 3000 when she goes to work Friday . Because EVERYONE needs a movie about space vampires starring Coolio and a guy named < PROPFEMALE > Lister in their repertoire . 
My shorts are inside out . I do not know how that happened . 
I got my new camera ! SHE'S BEAUTIFUL . 
You make me wanna say \oh oh ohoh oh oh ohoh oh oh my god . \"" 
really REALLY likes making absurd sexual innuendo at every possible < PROPMALE > she gets . 
Mocha frappucino and organic granola bar for breakfast . Look at that fucking hipster . These granola bars are fucking bomb though dude . 
My stomach is making noises that sound creepily similar to the Smoke Monster from Lost . 
Just added the Spice Girls greatest hits album to my iTunes . Fuck yeah , that just happened . 
is a fucking hipster again tonight . 
The phone rang . I woke up on the last ring . It was 9:27 . ... I had to be at work at 9 . FAIL . 
Anything is possible when your man smells like Old Spice and not a lady . I'm on a horse . 
I can't wrap my head around the fact that Glee is ending tonight . WHAT WILL I DO WITH MY TUESDAY NIGHTS NOW ? 
is making bitchy sarcastic comments in her head at everyone and listening to angry rap music this morning . 
I'm having a really difficult time hearing anything you have to say today because your hair looks like a briar patch . 
he best damn grilled ham and cheese sandwiches ever . Fact , not opinion . 
feels infinitely more badass . Yay body modification day ! I am dyed , tattooed , pierced , and ready for the world ! 
I can't find my iPod . This is gonna be a long fucking weekend . Work can suck it . And suck it hard . 
Everyone loves fancy green cock ! 
Ooh gurl , hold my weave . 
It is ungodly hot outside . Maybe this is hell . 
Fill another cup up , feeling on your butt what . 
DI . NO . SA . UR A DINOSAUR . ..... WHY IS THIS SONG STUCK IN MY HEAD . GET OUT KE$HA . 
LISTENING TO WE ARE SCIENTISTS ' NEW ALBUUUUUUUUUUUUM * FLAIL * 
\What a night . I've been in more laps than a napkin . \"" 
Okay self , just get through this weekend , and ... wait ... I don't even get to sleep in on my one day off in two weeks . Ugh . I do not like this \adult\ " thing . " 
If you walk into my store three minutes before close and acknowledge the fact that I informed you that we are closing , then proceed to browse for nothing in particular for FIFTEEN minutes , I loathe every fiber of your being and hope you die in a fire . I'M LOOKING AT YOU , LADY . 
Jesus called and said I don't have to work today ! 
\Previously on Lost ... crazy shit went down . Now more crazy shit will happen . \"" 
Thank goodness for direct deposit and getting paid a day early . 
walked/hiked/ran 3 < PROPMALE > in 87 degree weather . I think nap time is in order . 
[ insert witty , observational Facebook status here ] 
I don't wanna go to work , I'm a Toys ' R Us kid . 
has the next two days off . HOLLAAAAA . 
At least my nose could take her nose in a cage match of noses . 
Why am I still awake ? 
I won't know what to do with my life after the last two < PROPMALE > Potter movies come out . 
Thank you Shlah , for sharing this thing of beauty . http://www.potterpuppetpals.com/sexy.swf 
Went to bed at 7 pm for a \nap\ " . Woke up at 3 am and let out a cough that can only be described as \ " that sounded like it came from the depths of hell\ " . That can't be good . " 
Are you questioning my badassness ? Have you SEEN my guns ? 
Hey baby hey baby hey .... Wait , why is < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > stuck in my head ? Seriously . 
Why am I awake right now ? NO ME GUSTO ! 
BABY LOVES TO DANCE IN MYYYYY CAAAAR . CAUSE WHEN HE'S LOOKING SHE FALLS APART . 
BOOOOOO ! BOO I TELL YOU ! BOO ! 
Excited about hiking this weekend . Haven't gone since mid-May and I'm starting to feel like such a lard . 
Rules don't stop me . Forget about it . 
LET'S DO THE FORK IN THE GARBAGE DISPOSAL ! 
Has to leave for work in 15 minutes and still isn't dressed . 14 minutes . Hmm . I guess I should go . 
I will never understand my family . 
Bruised , battered , still damp . It's been a good day . 
\So then Burr was killed by Hamilton . I want some ham . \"" 
Apparently needs a new phone charger . And a quick and quiet way to dispose of a dog if he doesn't stop chewing my stuff up . 
wishes Vuvuzela Hero were a real game . 
Look at that fluffy unicorn ! HE'S SO FLUFFY I'M GONNA DIE ! 
Alarm didn't go off . Woke up only two minutes late . Score . 
I LOVE CHILDREN . .... Please note the desperate sarcasm . 
I hope that wasn't thunder , because I'm about to go outside . 
At least I have the Saturday night shift . Bring on the hilarious drunkards . Just please don't let any of them poop in our floor . 
I love animals . I really do . But seriously Dog , you're about to get punted . 
Eating a plum suggestively . Take that how you will . 
Time to suck today's < PROPMALE > . 
Met a wizard today . And he enlightened me with a history lesson , explaining the history of world mythology in less than 30 minutes . 
Off to start my sixth day of work in a row . And on the seventh day , < PROPFEMALE > will rest a la God . 
I am still sleepy . And still hungry . 
I have internet access again ! Hooray ! 
It's 4 pm and I've done nothing but eat a bowl of Cheerios and watch Lost . Day well spent . 
I've never wanted to do something less in my entire life than to go to work today . 
Leave it to my friends to take my planned quiet night in my pjs watching Lost and turning it into what will inevitably be shenanigans . 
This morning is so boring . And I really do not want to go to work . I'll just be bored there . Also slightly annoyed . 
\You were trying to force it in too hard . You had to pull it out a little . \ " - I love innuendos . " 
Why did I think it was a good idea to take a nap after work ? Twenty minutes turned into six hours and now I'm wide awake at 1 am . 
Oh hey there , daylight . Where did you come from ? Yeah , I've been awake since 12:30 because of that stupid nap . 
I need to decide what to watch after I finish Lost . 
And so begins the 42 hour work week from Hell . 
I messed up my wrist again somehow . It's definitely not supposed to hurt when you pick things up . 
I hate the world today . Working with the general public makes me want to rip off their arms and bludgeon them to death with their own limbs . 
I need to gallop into a wooden < PROPMALE > and punch dance out my rage . 
I'm watching a movie about a wig that kills people . Koreans are weird . But this movie is scary as shit omg . 
Props to the awesome woman at Target who opened her own special checkout < PROPFIRST > in the customer service area just for us so we wouldn't miss our movie . You ma'am , are a true hero . 
What . How did I sleep til noon ? I have to leave for work in an hour , and yet I'm on facebook . 
Sleep , work , sleep , FREEDOM . But only for a day . Boo . 
threw it on the GROOOOOOOOUND . 
Writing checks makes me feel like such an old person . 
Next month I'm changing hair color . I'm sick of red for now . Maybe back to blonde . 
Every now and then I fall apart . And I need you now tonight . And I need you more than ever . And if you'll only hold me tight , we'll be holding on FOREVER . 
Why have seemingly simple things in my life gone suddenly complicated ? 
I know I'm way late to the party , but I just watched Kick-Ass and loved it . 
I'm watching < PROPMALE > bite his own feet as if he just discovered he has them . Puppies are weird . 
Starting off Friday the 13th with a well earned headache . Sweet . I need a nap . 
I fell asleep in such an odd position on the couch that I pinched a nerve in my pinky . What . 
What a weird day . 
Dear My Right Eye , \ 
\ 
Why are you making my life a living hell today ? I understand being irritated . We all get cranky . But please stop . \ 
No love , < PROPFEMALE > 
“I [ tight-rope walk ] because I have no choice . I think a true artist should always\ 
have that as an answer . If you know why you paint , then maybe you’re\ 
not driven by painting and waking up and having to face the empty\ 
canvas . ” -Philippe Petit 
So ... < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim was bomb diggity , yo . 
You know those absolutely joyful people that have to ALWAYS be right ? They can go die in a fire . 
Dear work , I hate you with the burning passion of a thousand fiery suns . 
brb dying ... 
Making spaghetti and watching Doctor Who . Evening well spent , methinks . 
But I am < PROPFEMALE > tired ... 
( 330 ): \ 
Youre\ 
at medical school . Im eating raw cookie dough , pickles , and orange\ 
juice . Naked . On a monday afternoon . I clearly make better life choices\ 
than you . 
WE ARE SEX BOB-OMB AND WE ARE HERE TO MAKE YOU THINK ABOUT DEATH AND GET SAD AND STUFF ! 
Painting birds onto cookies today for a Malaprops event . 
May or may not be going back to blonde tonight . We're literally asking the magic 8 ball . 
It took four hours , but I am blonde again . 
does not feel all that magnificent today . Sadface . 
I suppose I should go to bed . That's kind of a problem , seeing how I didn't get out of bed until 5 pm . 
Blame it on the a-a-a-a-alcohol . Or the lack of sleep . 
OMG SO EXCITED FOR ATLANTA . I WANT TO START PACKING NOW . ( It's not until September 2nd , so this would be illogical . ) 
Changed my mind . Again . Going brunette . This has been a very expensive game of trial and error . My poor hair . 
Trained someone how to use the register today . This someone will be my superior in a matter of weeks . Something is inherently wrong with this notion . 
needs to buy a dress for the Yule Ball . No , really . I have less than a week to prepare . 
needs to find her camera . It would be most upsetting if she couldn't find it . 
scored a $160 dress for $60 . And it is faaaaabulous . 
Four days of work , then six days of freedom , partying , and being a nerd . 
is in an irrational and unbased rage . 
did not like that dream . She did not like it at all . 
I'm sorry vegetarians , but ham is fucking delicious . 
I know that being politically active is important . And I know that not having to dodge five lanes of traffic is important . But here , in this moment , sitting on my ass sounds SO much better than going to a \sidewalk rally \"." 
Super mad hangz with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Fanning , and < PROPFIRST > Cruse start tomorrow ! I'M SO EXCITED . But I hate packing . 
Nine-ish hours until I go frolicking off to Atlanta ! Still not packed . Hmm . I should get on that . 
IN HOTLANTA WITH MY GURLZ . 
I'm pretty sure i've partied before . 
Just met < PROPMALE > Petrelli and Mohinder and shook their hand . 
< PROPMALE > Phelps smells really good and he is very cuddly . 
NO BITCHASSNESS . 
Fuck crazy ass bitches . They need to go die in a fire . Costing people hundreds of dollars puts you in my list of Douchebags That Can Suck My < PROPMALE > . 
That shower finally woke me up enough to make me realize how pissed off I still am . 
I am hooooooooooooooooome ! 
What a weekend ... 
FIRE ALL WEAPONS AND OPEN ALL HAILING FREQUENCIES FOR MY VICTORY YODELING ! 
You call those cheap implants \boobs\ " ? They're LIES ! " 
Wow , I did not mean to sleep until 3 pm . I was exhausted . 
I do not want today to end . Nothing like a 10-hour shift to kick off your six-day work week . Sigh . 
Instead of getting ready for work I am eating Ramen and watching Hoarders on A&E . I obviously have priorities . 
is a pharmacy tech now ? Or will be soon . 
I wish retail didn't suck so much . 
You know what sucks ? When you really have to pee , but you're so tired that you don't feel like walking to the bathroom . 
I almost slapped an old lady today . Just a note , if you're my customer , and it's before 9:30 am and you get pissy and swear at me for no good reason , you too run this risk of getting slapped . 
Hey , today . You and me ? We're fucking done professionally . 
No unfortunate soul should have to be awake this morning . 
Where did the poster of Headmaster Zefron go ?! 
And so begins yet another 40 hour work week after having only one day off . < PROPFEMALE > sigh . 
I tried watching House for the first time in an entire season , but I just couldn't get through it . When did it become more about House and Cuddy than about treating patients with crazy diseases ? 
So ummm ... New York City in January or February ? Where there's a will there's a way . Anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > me money ? 
GLEEEEEEEEEE !!! 
My sister's computer screen cracked for seemingly no reason , and even though there's a warranty on the computer they want us to pay for them to fix it . Apparently HP's warranties don't cover cracked screens even though my sister takes immaculate care of her computer and there's no way in hell she broke it . 
I have two whole days off of work ! In a row ! This is a foreign concept to me lately . My brain is on pharmaceutical overload . 
Maybe I should not stay up until 7 am and wake up at 3 pm anymore . I feel like ass . 
I'm sick of my music . All of you should suggest stuff that I don't already have . 
Rain , rain , go away . Come ag- ... No , just go away . 
What happened to fall ? Why is it so cold out this morning ? I DO NOT LIKE THIS . Then again I do not like being up this early to begin with , so the cold is just adding to my dislike . 
Oh customers . Dear , dear customers . You must understand that I cannot fill your prescription until your doctor contacts us in some form . I'm sorry you just had eye surgery . Do not call us four times a day , literally whimpering on the phone . Oh what's that ? You went to your doctor and they gave you your eye drops and now you don't need them from us ? GREAT . 
Dancing around the kitchen listening to < PROPFEMALE > and cooking . Clearly the only way to defeat this rainy depressing mood . 
I'm ready for this fucking week to be over . 
Working with sick people has finally taken it's toll . 
I'm eating a sloppy < PROPFIRST > for breakfast . Welcome to Fuck It I Don't Care Friday . 
I love when you start your day thinking it's going to be shitty but then it turns out to be a great day . 
has been officialy hacked by her sister\ 
ha ha in your face !!!!! >:) 
Wake up at noon , go see a free Swedish vampire movie at 2:30 . I think today will be a good day . 
Finally decided on a Halloween costume . About damn time . Halloween is srs bsns . 
I'm such an old lady . I literally grumbled as I got out of bed to answer the phone . Some of us have work in the morning conflabbit . 
My hair looks fab , i'm working with < PROPFIRST > , i get off at 3 and \i believe i can fly\ " came on as i walked into work . It will be a good day . " 
is donning a real-life hoodie . The heavy duty kind . She does not like this cold . 
< PROPMALE > Snyder is directing the Superman reboot that will be produced by < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ? IS THIS REAL LIFE ? 
UGH . 
Why am I so broke all the time ? It makes my soul cry . 
< PROPFEMALE > why you got to make me cry ? I love Glee . 
I hate when you have a super awful dream about someone you love getting hurt . :( 
Oh weekend , can you get here any faster ? Please ? I am tired of staring at pills , and dealing with shitty customers . The fact that it's only Wednesday hurts my soul . 
I literally just had to drag myself out of bed . 
I've literally be standing for 12 hours . I'd like to pass out now . 
Is it weird that my phone's predictive text suggested \Noriega\ " before it suggested \ " morning \"?" 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes and especially thanks to certain people for the awesome weekend ( you know who you are ) . 
It would be really great if today hadn't started sucking once I got home . 
Spooning with my dog . Meanwhile our other dog is laying on my feet , snoring . I love cuddle time with the puppies . 
Unicorns I love them , unicorns I love them . Uni uni uni uni unicorns I love them . 
I just failed so bad that i'm pretty sure I changed the definition of \epic fail\ " . It involved burning soup . SOUP . " 
Hi , I'm < PROPFEMALE > and I give simple words and phrases accidental sexual overtones with my voice . 
I've been trapped in the labyrinth of Cracked.com for six hours . I can't stop reading . HELP ME . 
There is no reason on this earth for the amount sleepiness I am feeling right now . I've literally done nothing all day . 
Everyone needs more Ludacris in their lives . 
My room is clean ! It's a miracle ! 
I did not prepare for the intensive pharmaceutical training that went down this morning . My brain felt like it was going to explode . 
The kitten has taken a liking to sitting on my shoulder and placing her tail on my upper lip like a mustache . I can't complain . 
I hate having to go to sleep and wake up at normal person hours . 
I like having a job that a monkey wouldn't be able to do . It makes me feel empowered and important . 
Celestial Seasonings \Raspberry Zinger\ " tea is fucking delicious . " 
Oh gods of technology , please let that attempt at malware removal work . It seems to have worked . 
I strongly feel that this weekend is best suited to be kicked off with a joyous occurence : a nap . 
I have a feeling I'm gonna regret that I agreed to go hiking tomorrow . I like being lazy . 
I feel ... salty . Not in the pirate sense . In the I-have-emitted-a-lot-of-perspiration-today sense . 
Oh my god this is fantastic . \ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xtKcDBNbWww 
How did I end up spending a portion of my Saturday night watching Sesame Street clips on Youtube ? I am obviously 4 years old . 
Once I figure out how to make a decent looking batarang , my halloween costume will be complete . 
has a cat on her head . Silly cat . Why are you on my head ? 
Just had my frown turned upside down by < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , and her best belated birthday present EVER : Iron Man stickers and a We Are Scientists tshirt lovingly handled by < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > himself . 
I know that we are young and I know that you may love me , but I just cannot be with you like this anymore < PROPMALE > . 
My night included fashioning a Batarang , making a list of music I want to download , and getting lost , yet again , in the bowels of cracked.com . I obviously have priorities . 
The more < PROPMALE > Potter and the Deathly Hallows commercials I see , the more fits of uncontrollable excitement I seem to have . 
The word \exhausted\ " doesn't even begin to describe how tired I am right now . " 
http://cheezcomixed.files.wordpress.com/2010/10/12b899a7-736c-440e-bde8-6e707262ee66.jpg 
I have to leave for work in half an hour and I'm still laying in bed , checking my facebook . PRIORITIES . 
Registering with the North < PROPFEMALE > Board of Pharmacy . I feel important . 
My room is the G Spot . Call me Mr. Flinstone , I can make your bed rock . 
I'M IN A REALLY GREAT MOOD FOR NO REASON . IT IS FANTASTIC . 
Still can't believe I forgot my cape for Halloween . That didn't stop a lady from asking for help from Batgirl and Doctor Who . I couldn't make that shit up . 
What the actual fuck ? Dogs trying to kill another dog other in our yard . I had to hit them with a broom and call animal control . 
Back to grown up life , going to bed at 10:30 and working 9 to 5 . Kicking ass and saving lives . < PROPFEMALE > sigh . 
My sister just looked at a picture of me from 8th grade and said \You look exactly the same . \ " I'm pretty sure I'm immortal . " 
Parents , why you gotta make me hate you so much ? I mean , really . REALLY . 
I'm feeling fly like a G6 . 
Finally the weekend ! I think I'm beginning to think in Sigs . T , 1-2 , TAS , PO , BID , PRN , F , PN .... etc etc etc . 
I feel like the shit's about to hit the fan any day now . 
The fact that cable television censors the Pussy Wagon as \Party Wagon\ " makes me sad . But the fact that my dad and 13 year old sister are bonding over the Kill < PROPMALE > movies makes me really happy . " 
I'm in a mood to have a bitch fit . I just need a victim . 
I think it's time to start saving up for a new computer . My poor thing is about to bite the bullet . Kick the bucket . Meet it's maker ..... etc . 
Finally stumbled my way out of another evening wasted on cracked.com 
The best way for me to save money is for it to not be in my bank account . I need a piggybank like a 5 year old . 
FRIDAYFRIDAYFRIDAYFRIDAYFRIDAY !!!... Wait ... one day weekend . Shit . 
It's almost 4 am . Why am I awake ? The more I put off tomorrow , the more exhausted and miserable I'm gonna be when it happens . Then work all day Sunday . 
RUMBLEROOOOOOAAAAAARRR !!!!! 
< PROPMALE > Potter fans : Call this number . Trust me . 267-436-5109 
Working Sunday messed up my sense of time . I feel like it's Tuesday . I feel like I'm from the future . 
Time to break out that Christmas list . I love shopping for other people . 
Oh my gosh ! I opened my mouth and a little purse fell out ! How did that get in there ?! 
I have to take a drug test . Hmm . 
Is eating away her sorrows about not getting to see < PROPMALE > Potter and the Deathly Hallows : Part 1 tonight . It's okay though . Nature Valley Granola Nut Clusters are fucking awesome . 
The < PROPFEMALE > Asheville is having a < PROPMALE > Potter weekend on the 19th - 21st . Free screenings of the first 6 HP movies in the Lounge . That theater is badass . 
Apparently my requirements for being soul mates simply include loves for Heroes , Lost , < PROPMALE > Potter , and Dr. Pepper , among other things . 
< PROPMALE > Potter was fucking awsome . I can't believe it's almost over . And I can't believe I've been such a fan for like 11 years . 
\So much time and so little to do . Wait a minute . Strike that . Reverse it . \"" 
The point at which Christmas music starts playing at work is the point in which my inner Grinch rears it's ugly head . Thanksgiving hasn't passed yet . 
Everyone in the world decided to get their prescriptions today . Then everyone in the world decided to go to the grocery store when I did . Now I get to move kitchen appliances , go BACK to the grocery store , and make dinner . Then I will die . 
I have to leave for work in 15 minutes but I'm still in my pjs on Facebook . Awesome . 
Oh the joys of working on Thanksgiving . 
My poor bank account . But I have acquired awesome things . 
There are certain moments when my iTunes is on shuffle and it chooses songs to remind me that I am in fact a gay man . 
I love when packages are packed with bubble wrap . Its like an extra gift . 
Well that attempt at waking up earlier failed . I just hit snooze until I normally wake up . 
Apparently my email was hacked ? Gmail told me there was \suspicious activity\ " and made me change my password . " 
I'm in the bitchiest mood of my life . It is literally impossible to look at anyone I come in contact with and not be glaring and/or rolling my eyes at them . 
I really , REALLY wish this horrid hacking death rattle cough would go away . I'm tired of feeling like I'm going to choke up a lung . 
It's officially the season of really chill indie acoustic-type music . Suggestions are welcome . 
I love when my iTunes surprises me with Gogol Bordello . 
Sometimes I forget that I have a tattoo and then it catches my eye and reminds me that I'm a badass . 
Trying to coerce myself out of bed so I won't be late for work . It's not working . 
Today included haircutting , run-hugging , a legit double rainbow , steak and Inception . Good day . 
I sense a very , VERY quiet day at work . 
I have a day off tomorrow . I don't know what to do with myself . So much free time ! 
\Be careful of drunken guys at dragon con as they will try to lick your friends and teach you how to tango . \ " - < PROPFIRST > . She speaks the truth . Trust me . " 
Okay Netflix , you and I are gonna have a problem if you keep crashing my internet browser while I'm trying to watch Doctor Who . I will fight you . 
Picking up < PROPFEMALE > with all the cool kids ! 
I've never wanted to slump my way out of bed so little in my life . Today will require dangerous levels of caffeine . 
Dear Gods of Retail , Please give us on this day , the jolliest of customers , for yesterday evening was the most heinous work experience I ever want to have . Also , may you scorn ANYONE who thinks that I won't punch them if they try to stay later than 5 pm . Love , < PROPFEMALE > 
Snow , French vanilla tea , and Netflix . A+ Sunday afternoon . 
\Well if it isn't < PROPMALE > fucking Potter ! I haven't seen you since you were a cute little baby ! Didn't you grow up to be a sexy little bitch like your father ! \"" 
I really really REALLY don't want to walk to work in the snow , but we can't get down our driveway without potential icy death . Can't I just lay in bed all day ? Please ? 
You'd think that killing people would make them like you , but it doesn't . ... It just makes people dead . 
Really , it's not you , it's me . It's just that I've moved on . It's time that you do the same . So goodbye 2010 . We're fucking done professionally . 
KA ... ME ... HA ... ME ... HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA !!!!!! 
\But the whole point of the third movie is that everything SUCKS AND TURNS TO SHIT ! I don't want my life to be like Spiderman 3 . I hated that movie . \"" 
It's so creepy outside tonight , all foggy and ... vacant . Yep , zombie apocalypse . 
has the capacity to geek . 
I'm so sick of snow . A one way ticket to somewhere warm is starting to look like a really inviting option right now . 
Spent my Saturday cleaning and watching movies that make me cry . When did I turn into such a girl ? 
I don't want to do laundry . Maybe I will go frolic in the woods instead . 
Chocolate chip muffins ! Thank you , lovely little sister of mine . :) 
Every piece of my laundry is officially clean and folded and put away except what I wore today because I didn't feel like doing laundry naked . 
The first half of my day was spent NOT filling prescriptions due to a lack of pharmacist . Its been an interesting day in a boring way . 
Apparently < PROPMALE > Potter gets his prescriptions at Rite Aid . And apparently #4 Privet Drive is in California . 
Whatever bitches , I'm still a Libra . I don't care what you say . First you say Pluto isn't a planet , then you say triceratops didn't exist , and now you're telling me I'm a Virgo ? I'm calling bullshit on all of your shenanigans . 
Will need to master the < PROPMALE > of juggling a full time job with class/clinical rotations , and in 9 months or so I can be a state licensed pharmacy technician AND an Ophthalmic Medical Assistant . Over achiever much ? 
Seriously self ? You hurt your wrist again ? How ? Also ... ouch . 
It's 30 degrees out right now and it legitimately feels warm . 
Why have I never seen \Being < PROPFIRST > Malkovich\ " before today ? Fantastic . " 
I'm in lesbians with you . 
41 degrees out ?! Break out the shorts ! It's beach weather ! 
My hair is finally starting to bounce back from the bleach and dye . Definitely staying blonde a while . 
There's only two things I openly rage about : anti-gay sentiments and insurance companies . 
Now here's a little story I got to tell , about three bad brothers you know so well . 
is an evil Eyeballologist ! 
\I have dilated werewolf eyes ! Rawr ! \"" 
I wish it was Tuesday so I could go get my glasses so I could stop having headaches . Boo headaches ! 
Sunshine and happy music . I am at peace . I need more of both in my life at all times . 
SO sick of being cold . I think my brain is shivering . 
I'm kinda grumpy today , dude . I didn't get a lot of sleep last night . I was having those dreams again . Ya know , how it's just me in a castle and I gotta fight , like , a thousand wizards and the only way to beat them is to punch them as hard as I can in their faces . Then , when I'm done , all their little wizard wives came out and wanted me to have sex with them - which is kinda weird . 
Getting used to glasses sucks . Also I'm sick of being cold . Now I will slump off to bed because I am grumpy . 
I have single handedly proved that glasses do constitute a secret identity . Superman was a crafty bastard . 
Ugggh I shouldn't have stayed up so late . 
I forgot how much I love Spring Awakening . I want to be < PROPMALE > Groff's bff . ... I sense it's going to be a broadway musical type of evening . 
I ruined my broadway themed evening when T.I. came on I started rapping along . 
MUAHAHAHAHAHH !!!!!!! I < PROPFEMALE > ledbetter have been hacked !!!! REVENGE !!!!!! And my younger sister is totally better then me at everything . She is awesome . 
I feel the icy breath of monday morning encroaching upon my well being . Back , fiend ! You are not wanted here . 
Started out today in an awesome positive mood . Now I'm an Angry McGrumpenstein . 
Like any responsible student , I just spent the last fifteen minutes skimming the chapter that I had to read for class tomorrow . 
I was hoping to jump out of bed and be bright eyed and bushy tailed for work and class but then I saw that it was raining . Nature , today is no day for lazy moods . I have shit to do . 
I can't feel my toes . 
Legitimate study session actually happened ! I am proud of me . And thanks to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Fanning for letting me exemplify my smartitude and inadvertently helping me study . 
And yet again I am not in bed at a reasonable hour . I'm just not tired this week . 
I SWEAR TO WORSHIP MY AMAZING YOUNGER SISTER FOR HER AMAZING AWESOMENESS . I SHALL BOW DOWN TO THE HACKING MASTER MUAHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHA !!!!!!! 
What a weekend whirlwind that was . Alliteration ! 
Braaains . BRAAAAAAAAAINS !!! 
Waking up is literally the last thing I want to do right now . Four hours of sleep after this weekend probably has something to do with it . 
I keep sneezing and my throat feels funny ... This can't end well . 
I don't think I'll ever catch up on sleep this week . Why can't I just not do things today ? 
I AM IN A RAGE ! THIS IS THE MADDEST I'VE EVER BEEN ! 
What's the probability that I'll read this 20 < PROPFEMALE > chapter on glaucoma by Thursday ? I'd bet money that it won't happen . 
It's been a long day . I do believe I will hit the proverbial hay now . 
There are birds singing outside . This makes me feel like it's warm outside but something tells me IT'S A TRAAAAP . In other news , I have 15 minutes to get ready for work and I still haven't gotten out of bed . 
Low key evening with movies , wine , and chill music . Yessssss . 
Scoring one for Team Androgyny ! 
I think I will go for a run ! ... Wait ... what ? That sounds like an awful idea . So why do I want to do it ? 
Stupid computer virus , go away . Time to push up the nerd glasses and go at it . 
I'm glad Arcade Fire won the Grammy for best album of the year . Otherwise I would have had to follow through with my threat to find < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and vomit on her if she won . 
I'm trying to stave off sleep because I dread Monday mornings but the cuddly allure of freshly washed sheets is calling to me . 
Nothing says \Valentine's Day\ " like a 9 hour work shift to kick off the week . At least it's < PROPFEMALE > out . " 
You know its gonna be one of those days when you smell like amoxicillin by 10 am . 
Shows should be more pretty . Shows should be more witty . Show should be more ... what's the word ? 
This day has been ... I don't even know . It's been weird . 
I hate people . Some people . Most people . I don't even . 
First hike of the year . Time to pull out those hiking sandals . 
I hiked six < PROPMALE > today . That warrants a nap , right ? 
I need to do laundry at some point but right now , pizza and RuPaul's Drag Race seems like a better idea . 
I feel like a perpetually bitchy gay man today and I don't know why . 
Dad wants to go on a hike next weekend . I need to find a really grueling hike so I can laugh at him the whole time . 
Room clean , laundry done , sheets changed , I'd say it's been a productive day . Even if it didn't become productive until 9 pm . 
Screw Monday mornings . 
My knees hurt . I am turning into an old lady . 
Maybe I will go to bed at a decent hour tonight . The breeze is wafting through my window and it's very soothing . 
It's 50 degrees and < PROPFEMALE > at 8 am ... In February . I feel like Mother Nature is playing a cruel trick . Also boo at having to be inside all day at work ! :( 
Who knew Age-Related Macular Degeneration could be so riveting ! 
Oh hey , 1:45 . How are you ? That's great . Um ... why am I still awake ? Getting up in 6 hours is gonna suck , huh ? 
I'm pretty sure I just accidentally fell into an Avatar : The Last Airbender marathon . There goes my weekend . 
The History Channel has captured my attention . And there goes the day . 
 ? ªDisney musical marathon ! First , The < PROPFEMALE > Frog , now the classics ! The Lion < PROPMALE > , The Little Mermaid , Beauty and The Beast and Aladdin are on the list . 
Tea and studying . I am a responsible human being ! 
There's a problem when you have an acute fear that you'll dream about proliferative diabetic retinopathy when you go to bed . NEOVASCULARIZATION OF THE MACULA IS SERIOUS BUSINESS , OKAY ?! 
It may be nearing 3 am , and I may have to be awake in 4 and 1/2 hours , but jamming to Gorillaz and contemplating life in a fit of late night creativity is one of my favorite pastimes . I wish I could do it more often . 
Today will be brought to you by the letter Caffeine ... 
Dear Brain , While I immensely appreciate these sudden streaks of effervescent creativity , I implore you to have these epiphanies earlier in the evening . Being awake at this hour , not wanting to sleep is going to harm my well being , as I got 3.5 hours of sleep last night thanks to you , and I have to get up early again tomorrow , as is the norm at this particular juncture . I urge you to cease and desist at this moment . 
Only a 6 hour shift tomorrow ! That still sounds sucky but working 8 and 9 hours shifts for weeks on end , 6 hours is going to be a breeze . 
I am clearly a nocturnal person . It's nearly 6 am and I'm wide awake . Its not that I slept all day , it's that I wake up mentally at about 11 pm . 
I told everyone not to say that spring was here . I told them they would jinx it . But did they listen ? No . Of course not . And because of those bitches that jinxed it , there is now snow falling from the sky . 
is the Swan < PROPFEMALE > . 
Yeah , so < PROPMALE > Aronofsky is a genius . Just throwing that out there . 
Ugh . Monday . 
Can it not be freezing out for once ? And can it not be 8 am ? That would be great . 
Can I stay in bed all day ? No ? Work til 6 ? Oh ... 
I just don't know what to think about today . My head hurts and my face feels like it's stuck in a frown . 
asdlkfadkjfsasdafdlkj blah . Exactly . 
Still mentally scarred by Caligula . What has been seen cannot be unseen . 
Birds that screech repetitively outside your open window at the crack of < PROPFEMALE > , sounding oddly like an alarm clock , are exactly the reason I HATE birds . 
There's something about waking up to an Avett Brothers song but then realizing its your brother playing piano and singing in the next room . 
It's been a long day . But it was really nice to see everyone after such a long time . 
I feel like I'm constantly living for the weekend these days . Not that my weekends are particularly exciting , but because of the simple fact of no work and no school and significantly less exhaustion . 
Its the kind of morning where you meant to wake up 15 minutes early but end up waking up 25 minutes late . 
Spending my first legal St. < PROPFIRST>'s day at home , not partying , because I had class and still have to go to work in the morning . I feel like an old person . 
It's Saturday , I'm allowed to indulge myself in my own bad fashion choices . 
I forgot how dark my natural hair color is . It must have gotten darker than before I started dying it because I matched the dyed part with my roots and now it looks almost brunette . 
I might go to bed early for once . I could study optics because I haven't cracked open my textbook in I don't know how long , but that just seems like more work than I'm willing to put in right now . 
Not sure why but the rain sounds like the ocean right now . It's soothing but confusing . 
Discovered the hard way that it takes a lot of numbing drops to numb her eyes before someone can POKE THEM WITH A MACHINE . The good news is that my eye pressure is perfectly fine . I just have a scratched cornea . ( It will heal within a day or two . No biggie . ) 
\That's the only time to eat waffles ! POST COITUS ! \"" 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Fanning and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > are COUGH POTATOES . That's right I said it . Cough potatoes . 
Wasting another Saturday locked in my room watching movies . Deal with it . 
Just crossed into the threshold of adulthood . I legitimately bought a song instead of searching for a download . 
I'd kill for a good mixed drink right now . 
When your dog wakes you up 20 minutes before your alarm clock is set to go off , something inside you dies . I learned this . 
Holy nosebleed , Batman ! 
I love weekends filled with friends , vodka and nerdy fun . 
Pizza Hut has a new stuffed crust pizza . The crust is stuffed with cheese AND MEAT . I'm in love . 
I wish there was a way that I could eat and sleep at the same time . I really want to do both right now but I have to choose . WHY DO I HAVE TO CHOOSE ? 
Zeb Earley < PROPFEMALE > Auman < PROPFEMALE > Strickland < PROPFEMALE > Mirren is hosting Saturday Night Live this week . There is some deep scarred part of my brain that is screaming at me to not watch it for fear of pos t-t ramatic flashbacks . 
I think my dad is about to hit a midlife crisis . He now has two children that have jobs . Two down , one to go , and then he's officially an old man . 
I actually get to sleep in tomorrow , but I'm too exhausted to stay up late . That's just a waste of a perfectly good night . 
Going to see Mumford and Sons in June ! HELLS YEAH ! 
I'm wearing a dress today . Even I don't know how I feel about this . 
You know there's something wrong with you when you fall asleep watching Doctor Who . 
I need to frolic today . 
I cut all my hair off again . Well the back of it . 
Hipster transformation 70% complete . 
So I almost took a nice chunk out of the tip of my finger with a kitchen knife . At first it was no big deal , now it hurts like a bitch . 
At some point this week I should study for my test on optics . But the test isn't until next week . So logically I will study next week . 
\I'm going to vomit in this plastic bottle and hide it in your bed if you don't shut up . \"" 
I'm spending my morning singing 80s pop songs with a < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > impression and trying to design my next tattoo . Successful morning at work ! 
I AM A GRUMPY < PROPFEMALE > . RAWR ! 
I feel like I need a nudge in the right direction . 
Minor existential crisis this morning . No biggie . 
I want to be < PROPFEMALE > when I grow up . Her voice is just so amazing I can't even handle it . 
So apparently when one gets off work at 3 and then naps from 3:30 until 7pm , one has a tendency to stay awake until obscene a.m. hours . Curious . 
I demand that I am woken up by someone holding Sonic tater tots to give to me every morning . I'm looking at you Chyna St < PROPFIRST > . That's what little sisters are for . :) 
Where did this weekend go ? This is going to be a LONG week . 
I'm functionally brain dead today . 
8 hours of work and 4 hours of class , all done on less than 5 hours of sleep . Excuse me while I go pass out . 
There are many things that I COULD be doing with my Sunday afternoon . They include doing laundry , cleaning my room , and memorizing medical abbreviations . But instead I'm sitting here singing along to < PROPFEMALE>'s \Bohemian Rhapsody \"." 
The good news about night shifts is that I take the initiative to work out during the day . Hooray sweating ! 
SLEEP IS FOR THE WEAK . 
Cinco de Mayo < PROPFEMALE > Night lady Gaga Dance Party at Applebees got me all geared up for the weekend . Then I realized that I work Friday and Saturday . That's significantly less weekend than I'd like . 
