they are not making this easy 

we have a possible location , need to scout it today 
I fell really stupid right now 
is not so stupid anymore 
Favre in purple , just doesn't seem right 
that was a very boring two hour lecture 
Seligman was an ass 
I'd like to introduce you to my friend , the Dumbass 
the 9/12 project 
one class wednesdays second best day of the week 
you know you are bored in math when you start a physics problem when the conversation moves to kicking a football 
if this is true , i am going to be really pissed 
is getting ready to go to the game 
What a great game to be at 
Lets go twins 
tied at one , go twins 
Twins lead 3-2 bottom of the tenth 
is it me or does the rain bring out the dumbass drivers 
And everyone I've loved before Flashed before my eyes And nothin ' mattered anymore when I looked into the sky 
I can't believe it , I'm wanting the white sox to win . Sox up , knocked out tigers starter 
0 Games back , sox win 
ONE-SIXTY-THREE 
Good day tomorrow , first class at ten , then skipping math to go to the Vikings Game 
Going to the game 
Nobody ever sat down , I'm nearly deaf , and can barely speak . Now thats what we call dome-field advantage . Great Game 
Anybody want to go big game hunting ? Lets say for Tigers ? 
go twins 
That was fucking Amazing 
is bored 
ok twins watch the hard breaking ball hard and away , it's been getting us all night 
Memo to Nasa : Dear Dumbasses , you are sending a 79 million dollar spacecraft flying into the < PROPFEMALE > to find water ? Who cares if there is water on the < PROPFEMALE > . 
Let's go < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
< PROPMALE > you lost the game 
M-V-P , M-V-P 
Even though that isn't possible , the math supports it ? I'm Confused 
We should have lost the game , but a wins a win . 
There's just something about these old horror films that is awesome 
The boondock saints are back 
think i'm going to run before my next class 
They say that it takes twenty < PROPMALE > of running to burn all the calories off from Thanksgiving Dinner , so I should get a start on that now 
It often matters not , how realistic a hope is , so long as it is held and nurtured 
has two finals in three hours tonight , should be fun 
I see Ottis 
just realized I shouldn't be looking up what superluminescent diodes are before calc 
Should be writing a paper , but i think i'd rather listen to music 
Knew it , pussies play football 
So if someone runs at you with a knife , all you need is a stress ball 
must forcce myself to write this paper 
Well The Who were great 
And Denard Span hits the first home run at Target Field 
Skyping it Up 
has a good paper going . Not only did I get the words quality family entertainment in , but I also get to talk about < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . 
Go Twins 
Halfway done with my paper , three pages down , three to go 
thought it appropriate to listen to The Final Countdown 
met some smart sluts 
I'd be honored to honorably honor your honered request 
Six pages written up , halfway through the lab , i gotta say ' bout damn time Vizio became useful 
Dear person , \ 
I over heard you saying unflattering things about Engineers , and I have a few comments for you . You say that the problem with engineers is that they don't look at the whole picture , to the contrast , the problem with engineers is that we aassume people like you have an I.Q. larger than that of a toad . \ 
Sincerely\ 
< PROPFIRST > Sandvik 
should be starting the psych paper due tomorrow , but I have a few more hours 
I'll < PROPFEMALE > this flag , to the grave if I must\ 
' cause it's a flag that I love and a flag that I trust 
Goodbye Childress , good luck < PROPFIRST > Frazier 
