doing alright 

woooowww my friend tok my laptop and messed with my profile 
ugh idk i need a hug lol 
ugh this sucks so much , i dont know what to do 
in a bad mood , text me ppl 
ask me stuff www.formspring.me/tpaulson 
http://www.formspring.me/tpaulson 
friends just threw me a suprise bday party ! hella fun , thanks guys ! love you 
my hair is now like an inch long 
got the Escape from Alcatraz triathlon tomorrow , looking forward to it , wish me luck :) 
just finished the race , best one ive had so far ! :) hella tired , text me 
watched midnight premier of Iron Man 2 ! pretty damn good ! 
gettin the house for the party , if you need my address text me or ask on here 
pretty damn good party , would have been better if more people went but o well 
tired , happy its the weekend 
eh good enough :) 
cant wait for summer ! i just want finals to be over ! 
schools finally out ! thank god ! :) 
goin to a party tonight , gunna be fun 
im lovin summer , but i have to wake up early for football , sucks ! 
summers been goin great :) 
so tired ! drove up to tahoe last night to cheer on my mom that did a 100 mile marathon , she did great :) finally got home 24 hours later , just got 1 hour of sleep , looking forward to relaxing , wanting to be with her :) who wants to < PROPFEMALE > ? 
tonights goin to be fun :) 
last night was amazing :) < PROPFIRST > and i made a painting , she did most of it but i did the splatter ! and im pretty sure we got more paint on us and the room than we did on the canvas , but it was worth it :) 
lifes great :) summers amazing ! 
i cant stop thinking about her :) hopefully have passing league later tonight , until then im relaxing 
bored , last night was fun , relaxing , who wants to hang ? \ 
hopefully hanging with her tonight :) \ 
last night was so terrible , just all bad , but ended absolutely amazing :) 
tomorrows going to be great ! 
i cant believe it ... 
yesterday was great ! 
had an absolutely amazing night :) 
i cant find my damn phone , someone must have picked it up 
got my phone back ! everythings going great :) last night was hella fun 
the past few days have been absolutely amazing :) 
is loved :) 
Gibbons , < PROPFEMALE > , Sweeney , < PROPFIRST > , Gustafson , football , any classes together ? 
i finally got my license :) 
got hacked :) and want meatballs ! i liek you :) 
