Who wants to shovel my driveway ?? It's snowing all weekend , so , the schedule is wide open - sign up while there's still time 

If you visit Indianapolis check out the Broad Ripple district - I know , it sounds like a 1$ wine special , but , it's a really funky < PROPMALE > district with great restaurants and shops along a canal - surprisingly cool 
Indiana wants me , Lord I can't go back there - I wish I had you to talk to ... 
One more week in Indy 
is home for 2 days then going to Huntsville , < PROPMALE > for 3 . Resting and doing laundry 
had some good catfish in Huntsville , < PROPMALE > last night - with hushpuppies ! 
Home again !!! Happy 4th of July weekend !!! 
I finally saw the movie < PROPFEMALE > Trek . Damn it , < PROPMALE > , it was good ! 
is planting petunias and some other deer repellent flowers today 
is handing out free ibuprophen to anyone who wants to join the fun and help stack a half cord of wood tomorrow . Spots are going fast so respond early . 
Firewood is stacked - I can't move without pain - other than that - life's good 
Do you call them lightning bugs or fire flies ? I'm a lightning bug person - grew up in Pittsburgh 
I dreamt I could moonwalk really well - it was great ! 
Heading home today - can't wait !!! Highlight of the trip was eating at < PROPMALE>'s Contrivance - yum 
I'm home !!! got home at about 1:00 am due to the crazy weather yesterday along the east coast - yawn ! 
My suitcase finally made it to my house at 6:30 am - now that's customer service - only 2.5 days after I arrived . ( note the very intense sarcasm ) 
We're headed to Pittsburgh to visit my family . < PROPMALE>'s first visit :-) Taking my dad to a Pirate's game - beat ' em Bucs ! aka the RedSox ' farm team . 
We're having an outdoor group meeting today under a tent - not typical New England - should be fun - gotta love summah ! 
is taking her first sailing lesson tomorrow morning - weather is supposed to be great ! 
Hot August day 
We had a good sailing lesson on Saturday - it was a pretty good wind day , which made for fun sailing practice 
Sailed before tropical storm < PROPMALE > hit New England - very good wind day - used the jib sail and got to \hike out . \ " Lots of fun !! " 
is teaching Project Data Analysis today - in my day back at the Zoo , PDA stood for something entirely different :-) 
What a great weekend !!! and for the record , Yankees suck !!! I had to get that off my chest . 
is headed to Baltimore tonight and will be back Friday 
Home again :-) AND the Steelers are 1-0 !!! 
We saw the movie < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > this weekend . It's a good flick - I recommend it . Steelers lost and I'm sad about that . :-( 
It's a beautiful Fall day !!! 
Capt Sully Sullenberger had a good day !! 
Go Steelers !!! 
Go Red Sox !!! 
saw Zombieland - good flick !! Funny , cute , a bit too gory , but , hey , it's a zombie flick 
< PROPMALE > & I saw a pretty big fox on our walk this morning - that's why < PROPFEMALE > & I don't leave him unattended in the yard ... not to mention hawks and owls ... 
This is the most beautiful time of year in New England - even our own neighborhood looks fabulous 
This weekend is the Head of the < PROPFIRST > regatta - weather is going to be pretty raw - typical for those poor rowers - I think they love it , though 
will be spending the next 12 days in Indianapolis . Best part about it is that it's at the west edge of the time zone , so , it stays light about an hour later than New England - of course that means it doesn't get light in the morning until about an hour later , but , that's OK by me . 
is back home in time for Halloween :-} 
It's November already ??? 
What a great November weekend !!! 
OK , Steelers , I'm going to bed - please , when I wake up , I want to see \The Steelers break the Broncs ! \ " as the headline in the sports < PROPFEMALE > - current score is 14-10 " 
is a happy Steeler fan today :-) 
Sesame Street is 40 and the Berlin wall came down 20 years ago . East Germans who were growing up from 1969 to 1989 never saw < PROPMALE > and the gang ? Where were you in November 1989 ? 
attended an event last night with the author of The Girls Come Marching Home . The book is a compilation of stories of service women returning home from Iraq . Her name is < PROPFEMALE > Holmstedt and she also wrote Band of Sisters . Two Iraqi war vets were also there to tell their stories of time in country and once they returned . A very interesting evening . 
is ticked because the Steeler - Bengals game is not going to be televized in the Boston area - that's jacked !!! 
Four days until < PROPMALE > gets knee surgery 
WTF Steelers ???? 
Happy Thanksgiving !! 
is thankful for my family . 
Thanks for all of your birthday wishes !! Life is good . 
Woke up to about a foot of snow and still snowing . Our little poodle is starting to figure out what \wicked hahd wintah\ " means . The cape and islands are getting blizzard conditions and New Hampshire is hardly getting anything - those bastards ! :-) " 
is glad the days will start getting longer . 
I've been doing without pizza since around July when I found out I have an alergy to yeast . < PROPFEMALE > made some yeast-free pizza dough and delicious topping last night and now 2010 is looking up . Now if we can only make a yeast-free beer ... 
Happy New Year !!! 
Let's not talk about it 
Pink 
The roads were not yet cleared , so we walked there and back through the foot-high snowdrifts , feeling very much alive and in love . 
My thoughts are with Haiti - let's help 
has tickets to see Avatar this weekend . 
wicked freakin ' cold !!! 
Avatar was very cool . 3D IMAX version is very intense . 
It's doppelgänger week .. change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athlete ) you've been told you look like ... post this to your profile and pass it on ! 
is thankful the big storm is supposed to just give New England a glancing blow . But , feels for all of my family and friends in the direct path . 
Gay rights are Human rights . Please post this or a similar status line for at least one hour . 
Who ' dat gonna win the Super Bowl ? gotta go with the Saints this year 
Geaux Saints !!! 
For the next two weeks I'll have the Olympic theme song running through my brain - baa baa ba da ba ba ba , ba ba-ba-ba ba ba ba ba da ba ba ba 
Happy National Engineers Week !!! 
downhill !!! 
Curling !!! 
ski jumping - crazy peeps ! - it looks like so much fun . You don't see many Flying Finns anymore - has the torch passed ? 
I read that in 2014 there might be women's ski jumping in the Olympics - I was wondering why there wasn't - no real good reason - just OIC decision 
Ok - ever since the opening ceremonies I'm obsessed with K D < PROPFEMALE>'s version of Hallelujah - it's such a beautiful song 
Gold medal hockey game tonight !!! 
Earthquakes in Chile and Okinawa - let's hope they get through this OK 
Daylight Savings Time begins March 14th :-) 
Damn ! I thought it was Friday for a second - time to drive to Tewksbury 
This'll be a good weekend for taking < PROPMALE > for a walk 
saw Shutter Island yesterday - pretty good flick 
Watched \Precious\ " last night - wow ! very good movie and < PROPFEMALE > definitely deserved the < PROPFIRST > " 
just saw a duck rowing down the street 
Today's game - PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence ........... Pittsburgh , < PROPFEMALE > ( go Steelers ) 
Top O ' the Mornin ' to ya !!! 
Let the sunshine in 
First day of Spring , first time cooking on the grill this year - which is not the norm for New England - we usually still have lots o ' snow - but , none this year :-) 
Headed to < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow 
Hi y'all - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s restaurant was great - I think the best keylime pie I've ever had . Fried grits were awesome , too 
has walked through most of < PROPFEMALE>'s squares - how beautiful they are ! I love spanish moss covered trees and magnolias in bloom . Going to tour Mercer House tomorrow . Also saw < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Low's birthplace ( founder of the Girlscouts ) 
FIRST CONCERT YOU ATTENDED ! You may find it interesting to know what your FB friends ' first concert was . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your First Concert at the end of this sentence . Doobie Brothers - McNichols Arena , < PROPMALE > 
Headed to Baltimore today for the week - actually Fulton , MD 
Back home today :-) 
Happy Easter !!! 
Time to listen to < PROPMALE > Superstar - what's the buzz ? 
Sox beat the Yanks 9-7 !!! That's the way to start the season ! 
Headed home tonight :-) I miss my peeps !! 
Gee it's good to be back home again ( lyrics from an old song ) who was it ... < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > I think ?? 
Had a date night last night - dinner and the movie , \Date Night \"" 
Taxes are done !!! 
Earth Day's coming - time to clean up your neighborhood - woohoo ! 
My poodle won't leave me alone . apparently I'm his < PROPMALE > 
Patriots Day , Marathon Monday , and a Sox home game - a good day in Boston , < PROPFEMALE > 
Happy Earth Day - go hug a tree 
At least the Sox can beat the O's :-) 
Grass seed needs some rain 
Sox sweep the Jays !!! 
Celtics will be lucky to win a game against the Cavs :-( 
It's May !!! :-) 
Celtics , Bruins , and Sox all won last night ! Now ... Go Pens !! 
Feliz cinco de mayo !! < PROPFEMALE > margaritas !! 
Sox take 3 in a row against the Angels ! One more and it's a sweep ! 
sun is out , birds are singing 
Going to the Sox game Wed night . Wakefield is pitching and weather is supposed to be kind of nasty . First Fenway < PROPFIRST > of the year . :-) 
Celtics win !! Unbelievable - knocked the Cavs out of the play-offs 
Great celebratory day yesterday ! < PROPFEMALE > graduated from BU getting her MSW . I am so proud of her accomplishments and happy that she's realizing her dreams ! 
The Red Sox are killing me - why does it have to be against the evil team to the south ? \ 
But , in the mean time ... Go Celtics !!! 
Celtics win two in < PROPMALE > - time to bring it back to the Garden - Go Celts !! 
Season finale of Grey's was very intense two hour drama - I'm exhausted ! 
Can the Celtics wrap it up against the Magic tonight and head into the finals ??? 
Celtics did not win last night , but , it's < PROPFEMALE > and hot , so , who cares ? 
Go Celtics and Red Sox 
Happy 30 years to all my class of ' 80 classmates !!! 
Go Celtics ! Beat the ... I assume it's going to be the Lakers 
Come on Celts !! First game jitters ... 
Headed to LA for a couple of weeks - Go Celtics . I have my Celtics cap and T-shirt just the Celts win a couple 
What a great game - Celtics win !! Well , that's one , at least 
Two small earthquakes since I've been in LA . The first I slept through and today we felt the second at work . Kind of cool . I don't remember feeling any when I lived in CA and WA in the 80's . 
Celtics !! 
Celtics take game 5 !! Come on - one more 
Shakin ' but not bakin ' in southern Cal . More small quakes but temp only in the 70s 
Heading back home today :-) 
Our day lillies are in full bloom and they paved our road - all this while I was gone for two weeks . 
Would rather be at the beach today 
This is < PROPFEMALE > vu all over again !! I have a half cord of wood in my front yard to stack ... \ 
Here we go . 
4th of July weekend and the Sox are tied with the Yankees - looks like it might be a good second half of the season :-) 
Hot enough for ya ? 
will be in Pittsburgh next week visiting family - I'll have a Permanti Bros sandwich for < PROPFEMALE > :-) 
has wireless internet connection at my mom's condo !! That was one of my missions and it was successful . :-) 
is headed home tomorrow - it was a good visit with my mom , friends , and family . It'll be great to be home , though . 
Everybody's working for the weekend 
haircut day for < PROPMALE > :-) He has to get ready for the family reunion next weekend in Pittsburgh 
Driving to Pittsburgh - partying with 65 family members - driving home :-) 
hazy , hot , and humid is way better than flippin ' frigid and freezing 
What a beautiful day !!! 
has tickets to tonight's rained out Sox game - I hope the make up game is in better weather ( and early ) 
I know it's almost the 27th , but , happy 90th anniversary 19th amendment !!! 
I'm glad we got the rain courtesy of < PROPMALE > - now it's < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Yard sale today !!! 
Steelers 2-0 - not a bad start to the season 
Yabba dabba do !!! 
I like it on the ladder-back chair 
Air Force beat Navy 14-6\ 
Go Air Force !!! 
New carpet tomorrow means emptying book shelves , < PROPFEMALE > hutch , and disconnecting and moving all of the electronics today . dislike 
My 30 year reunion was a blast - I'm so glad I went and saw all of my wonderful friends - I love you guys !! 
will be watching the Steelers/Dolphins at Shark's Cove in Hermosa Beach , CA tomorrow morning - Go Steelers !!! 
5 more days and home again 
Glee < PROPMALE > Horror Picture Show tonight - let's do the time warp again !! 
Celtics beat the Heat - bwaaa-aaa-aaa 
Happy Halloween ! Will be watching either , < PROPFIRST > of the Dead , Hocus Pocus , or The Wizard of Oz 
loves autumn - it's my favorite season 
Will the Steelers beat the Patriots on Sunday night ? I say yes 
Onto the next topic ... this game is ugly so far :-( 
It's snowing in < PROPMALE > 
Ate at Mezcal restaurant in < PROPMALE > last night - bueno !! 
had a great visit with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Spicer - thank you so much for your hospitality !! 
Happy Thanksgiving week 
Steelers won - hey , a win is a win 
New skill set : Drained and flushed water heater this morning - maybe we shouldn't wait 8 years next time :-) I was impressed that we didn't have a < PROPMALE > catastrophe 
loves cornbread and green chile stuffing !!! :-) Happy , happy , joy , joy 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood .. The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . * Join the Fight Against Child Abuse * , copy & paste to your status and invite yourfriends to do the same ! ? Remember , do it for the children . 2 hours ago · Like · Comment 
Unbelievable ! I woke up and the Steelers beat the Ravens last night :-) Happy , Happy , Joy , Joy !!! 
baby , it's cold outside 
Thank you to everyone for your birthday wishes !! I had a good day :-) 
Steeler game then Patriots game - decorate the tree , too . How festive is that ? 
First snow accumulation of the season - looks like we'll have a white Christmas 
Tried a Scottish restaurant called The Haven last night in Jamaica Plain . First time eating haggis and neeps , and sassitch and mash - everything was very good . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !! :-) 
Blizzard 
Holy shamoley !!! That was a hell of a storm !! 
1/11/11 
blizzard #2 of the season - this one is packing a heck of a punch 
Whew ! what a game - but , we won :-) Go Steelers ! 
Here we go !! 
... and they're climbing the stairway to seven ... 
Go STEELERS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Have to buy lunch for a Packers fan today :-| 
Last Wednesday < PROPFIRST > had emergency surgery due to a twisted intestine . It's called Midgut Volvulus and Malrotation . About 1 in 500 newborns have it . We caught it in time and < PROPFIRST > is home with us again after 3 days in Mass General Hospital . The surgical team did a fantastic job saving our little guy . We're thankful to have the excellent medical facilities available here in Boston . 
I cannot describe how elated I am that the glacier in our back yard is finally receding . woo hoo !!! 
Top o the mornin to ya ! 
Tomorrow the temperature in Boston is supposed to go up to 67degrees F . People are going to be crazy - everyone out in shorts and T-shirts for a day before it goes back to the 40s . Look out !!! 
16 days until the Red Sox opener against the Yankees :-) 
