being pissed off ... 

got < PROPFEMALE > new car today and im loving it !!! never thought id have anything this nice ... 
going to get all that legal b/s over with 
grape kool-aid 
how lame everyone was being today at pointfest ... all i wanted was a damn bottle ov water 
little fat will was born today ! fuckin sucks i couldnt get those acid bath onesies made in time for the little rocker to come home in . lol 
bout to take off on the jouney ov my lifetime ... goin to see the west coast , turnin round headin to the east coast ... if i dont make it back , well , shit happens ... but if ya wanna make sure im alright txt me 5733158236 
five finger death punch rocked \\m/ sore as hell today :( 
remind me to write ur name in the book ov fuck : < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > version 
fuckin vultures picking at my corpse 
Its me ! < PROPFIRST > Fish !... the one that ate all those little girls ! 
I'm Cool , Your Cool , We're Cool ! 
takin the bat out ov basement homie 
i like to hide bits ov crayon in my nose so that when i go to pick it i'll find a colourful suprise :) 
who gives a shit about sasquatch ? 
poll : what's ur favourite smell ? 
i will be ur top news today 
no one cares < PROPFEMALE > haha ... im joking ... i care 
if any ov u would like to donate any money ... the email adress to my paypal account is : meatpupette@yahoo.com 
some people cant wear boots and chew 
ill have all my plastic toy soldiers set up on the dinner table for when u come over 
i am a leprechaun i am not 
something smells ... rough 
all i wanna do is kill ... crush ... destroy ... hollow heads , broken arms , legs , teeth , bottom jaw hanging ... kill 
adults are just obsolete children and the hell with them . 
mermaids . mermaids ? indians . indians ? pirates . pirates ? wahoo ! 
crunchy peanut butter is the best ... i will start a pg and u can be my fanboy ;) 
Beannachtaí na Féile Páraic oraibh ! 
took grandmom to the doctor ... they said she'd live forever 
wot did they start making diet ice cream at DQ ?... this tastes like shit ! pissed ! >:( 
strings or velcro ? 
I set my standards low so that im never disappointed 
different strokes for different folks negro < PROPMALE > 
thank you betty ... ur a life saver 
A bit of fragrance always clings to the hand that gives roses 
“But the average person doesn't have that much imagination . They just want to be entertained . They want to have the tableau presented for them . They don't want to participate beyond a certain point . They want the safety of the herd , to be catered to , sit back and enjoy . ” 
where in the hell is < PROPFIRST > ? haha 
loves to play on facebook ! nekkid ! 
i like your style , pedophile ... 
sippin strawberry lemonade :d ... got the car packed ... heading back up north 
happy zombie jesus day ! rule #22 when in doubt know your way out 
hiked pickle springs with catfish , lex , mad mikie , and jen ... ready to take a nap 
pickle springs yesterday ... elephant rocks today ... where to tomorrow ? 
the reverse pyschosis to subliminally plant the idea that u find my chops perpetually perfect conduits of love in nature is BS 
Leaving for TX today :) farewell misery 
mommas dont let ur babies grow up to be black belts 
a total stranger made me cry today :'( 
Happy Earth Day 
gonna lay out in the sun for a while and let it burn my < PROPFEMALE > white ass 
so i hit myself in the face with a pot and my face is all sore n shit 
I met an angel with a sawed-off shotgun wanted by the FBI ... we dropped some acid , killed our parents , then we hit the road . 
just ate at the chinese restaurant ... feel like taking as huge dump :) 
i have qualia ! 
I've the best fucking status EVER ! 
ive been chargeed with cleptonecropedibesteality ... more than once 
poll : where do u like to pee ? 
i will make my status anything you want ... wot shall it be ? 
do u think muffins r just ugly cupcakes ? 
only 41 days , 3 hrs and 41 mins left 
anus , an american flag , the date 1492 , vagina , little girls ' underpants , guns , trucks , cows and the hamburgers that are made from them , chickens and the KFC that is made from them , and electric chair , the letters ETC , christmas cards , a right hand that has a severed ring finger , the chemical structure of a plastic molecule , an apple , pi , zero , infinity ... \ 
a breakfast for champions 
you lie ... your feet stink ... and you piss in the shower ! 
Dear Work , thanks for discussing with me that I am working a double today . I might've wanted to go to church or some shit . \ 
\ 
- < PROPFIRST > 
Once you leave the womb , conservatives don’t care about you until you \ 
reach military age . Then you’re just what they’re looking for . \ 
Conservatives want live babies so they can raise them to be dead \ 
soldiers . - < PROPFIRST > carlin 
so far , this is the oldest ive been . 
badass fish 
breakfast at dinner time 
phones shut off ppl ... should have a new one soon , ill txt ya ;) 
today , social progress is always second to monetary gain 
just got my new phone ! im txting all ov u right now 
house smells like brownies :) 
we get our new furniture today ! so excited :) 
thanks everyone for the happy birthdays :) sorry i didnt get to come visit , thought i had enough $ , but its damn expensive driving up there . 
got my keys stuck in the ignition ... great * sighs * 
if i were a bumblebee ... and you were a puddle ... would i drown in you anyways ? in your soggy eyeballs ? ? 
how do you not know who ( where's ) < PROPMALE > is ? 
hey everyone i just wanna say hi ... but thats all 
im a grandma ? lol 
Such a shame that something like this would happen to someone with such a beautiful personality . You had a great sense of humour and understanding , < PROPFEMALE > . My condolences to your family , the Bement family , and the Fortner family . 
Change your profile pic to one of your favorite cartoon characters and ask your friends to do the same . The point to this game is to have no human faces on Facebook only childhood memories by Monday to fight child abuse . Copy and paste to spread the word . 
... no , I mean it , I really love you :P 
my mum is coming to visit ! Cant wait ! 
may your shit come to life and kiss you on the face ! 
feels like im on an episode of hoarders ! ugh ! i cant let this go on ... 
Poll : Will it be a boy or girl ? 
went to the emergency room today , found out that i've a subchorionic hematoma , a blood clot between the placenta and the uterine wall , it effects 1% of pregnancies and could progress to a miscarriage ... just hoping that everything will be okay . 
so anxious ... cant wait for u to get here mother 
There was an old man of Madras \ 
Whose balls were made of fine brass . \ 
So in < PROPFEMALE > weather \ 
They both clanged together \ 
And sparks flew out of his arse ! 
started a strawberry patch and < PROPMALE > the house & feeder today :) 
I danced with my mobile phone in your bathroom because I'm NOT crazy ! 
