An incredible New Year to all ! Fore Street was HOPPIN !!!! 

Sherlock Holmes : Madame , I need you to remain calm and trust me , I'm a professional . Beneath this pillow lies the key to my release . Dr. < PROPFIRST > Watson : [ to Holmes as he guzzles a liquid ] You do know what your are drinking is meant for eye surgery ? 
Last party ( and boy will it be a party ) of the two-week extravaganza ! Here we go !!!! 
Gearing up for summer house painting , redecorating and golf- CAN'T WAIT ! 
Still waiting for the golf as my favorite local golf course is underwater . < PROPMALE > didn't like my suggestion of turning the course into Natanis Waterpark- long flume rides ending in ponds ( Fairway Flume or Tomahawk Toboggan ) . I think it could work ! 
A full tummy ..... twice-a-day workouts start Monday !! 
Twice a day workouts started on Monday , only to pull a muscle ! That's age for ya ! 
A great day ~ picked up paint for the upstairs hall , bathroom and bedroom , sanded , washed , spackeled and trimmed(just the hall) ~ saw two moose ( have only seen a glimpse of one in my lifetime ) who < PROPMALE > out for a while- we had a nice chat and grilled burgers 
Trever leaves tomorrow for his first overnight sports camp-lacrosse ( thank goodness it's at < PROPFIRST >!) 
Sat : Drop Trever off at Lacrosse Camp , Sat night : Trev called Mom and Dad Sun AM : Trever called Mom before breakfast-having a great time- good practice skill session , Sun Noon : Trev called Mom-getting ready for lunch , Sun night : Trev . called Mom- homesick 
Wishing the drinks that I just accepted were real- although I would not be standing in about 10 minutes ... 
Getting the inside painting completed ! 
Trever is home , unpacked and laundry done , AND he learned a lot and had a great time ( towards the end ) . :) 
Just finished writing a book ( sort of- it's a long story ) . :) 
An incredibly AWESOME party ( into the 4th)- with a pulled off SURPRISE to the Birthday girl last night ! 
Ready to get back on \schedule \"~ Time to walk the dogs . Happy < PROPFEMALE > day !! " 
Just had a great chat with my little bro- checked my email and am off to read a book in the quiet of the house- 
I can't wait to have lunch with Mom , Lil Sis and two nieces ! I treasure these rare times ! :) 
Wonderful Family , Wonderful Friends , Wonderful Life !..... BIG SMILE !!!! :) 
The weather forcast does NOT look promising . 
Barely thirty , he made detective early this summer . 
The deck was wripped up , to reveal a nest of baby birds . The birds are in the non-flying , parental feeding stage . ( Watched them being fed last night)We'll see if they last through the deck replacement ?! 
Nest fell today , some porky babies and their movement caused it to fall . Thank goodness for some boys quick thinking : one captured the baby birds with plastic bag covered hands , four others formed a circle so the babies would be cornered- All four babes 
These \late\ " nights are killing me ! I must be getting old or somethin'~ " 
Glorious sun ! Yeah- Pool day , Belgrade lakes later and then off to the beach for the first time in FOREVER tomorrow ! ( how shameful is that ! I didn't go to a < PROPFIRST > beach last summer ! ) 
Come on Watson !!!! Two holes left !!!!!!! Fingers crossed- gotta go sit out on the deck- can't watch ........ 
Popham's new bathroom/changing facility is SSSOOOOOOOO much better than those ol ' stink-hole , curtained changing stations ! What an improvement ! Reliable source said that < PROPMALE>'s new facility is next !!! 
Arrived home , Trever and his friend were innocently playing a video game in the basement . Looking around , a few things were a little different in the house , things were moved and a plant had two orange sticks protruding from the foliage . Holding two Ner 
Gearing up for more painting ( inside ) . Can't wait to finish the home improvement phase ... but first , a game or two of Farkle . 
Entry painted ! phew ! Now to tackle the large basement ! 
Hhhmmm , paint first or stain wood trim- gut tells me the wood trim- I can paint over the stain when I get it on the wall ( yeah , I know I will ) . 
Family weekend- SO psyched !! ( Does anyone still say psyched ?? ) Shazam ! 
More home improvement- all the kitchen knobs are changed ! Hhhmmm , should I attempt to paint some walls in the living room ? I'll wait for my sister so she can give me the yeah/neah- she should have been an interior designer . :) 
Too < PROPFEMALE > to paint today ! 
just a little break before i give the dogs a walk- downstairs , almost all stained ! ( phew ! ) 
Will miss the Seattle Cousins in the days to come ! Nothing beats family togetherness . ( Although good friends and a glass of wine comes pretty darn close ) . 
One more room , almost done ! One room left on the painting list for the summer- good thing- only three weeks left of my summer ! 
Great Day !! Double baby shower with the Browne sisters , Family Bash at Uncle < PROPMALE>'s and the Lobstah Party later in the day !!!!! FUNNNNNNNNNNN !!!!!!!!! 
Trever's room is just about done ! Wow , I've missed a lot on facebook in the last few days ! 
Yeah ! Trever's home ! Had a BLAST at Pine Tree Basketball Camp ! ( Anyone remember Pine Tree ?? Still run by < PROPMALE > Whitmore and < PROPMALE > Meader ! ) Made some great friends and can't wait for next summer's camp ! :) 
Bobby/Jimmy Browne Scholarship Tournament was a HOT blast up at Lakewood GC ! 
HOT day at the pool ! SO glad the wind picked up to end the day with a beautiful breeze ~ 
The golf teams are out there in full force with tryouts- Winslow , Erskine and Cony are those I've seen- What a humid week to be trying out ! Water , Water , Water- hopefully drinnking lots of it , but staying out of it on the course ! :) 
Another pool day and girls golf night- my life is SO difficult and demanding ! ( until the end of next week anyway . 
Missed you- Another night . Did the Queens heirs make the expected teams ? Do we know if < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > made the golf team ? 
< PROPFIRST > ( dog ) is panting to Rock Lobster ( B-52's)- Perhaps I walked him to hard on this muggy morning . 
LOVE spending time with my sister and her wonderful kids ! One more week to ease back into the teaching phase of the job and a \sane\ " routine . " 
Already into insanity- dealing with scheduling can be SO complex ! ( School scheduling of students- nightmare for Sped when five classes at three grade levels happen at once ); will figure it out and be sane again w/in a week . :) 
What a FUN summer this has been ! :) 
SO glad that I have three days left before I'm back on the clocked job wagon . 
YEAH ! A rainy day so that I can go finish my classroom ! :) 
Classrooms done- ready to start on Monday ! :) ( Well , kids don't start until Wed , but I my head is in work mode ! ) Great for me , Good for my family ( this means routine ) .... BAD for students . :) 
Phew- two shelves < PROPMALE > , 1st coat of red stripe on Trev's wall , now to walk the dogs , < PROPFEMALE > two corner shelves another coat of red and off to the coast for brother-in-laws B'Day! :) This has been THE most productive summer EVER !! 
I survived the first week of school !! ( Well , okay , we only had kids for three days and the other two were pretty relaxing , and we only have them for 4 days next week- Talk about easing into it ! ) Anyway- interesting players , there always are until Browne's Bootcamp whips them into shape ( only in my dreams ) . 
Sausage , grilled corn , < PROPFEMALE>'s Mini-Donuts , freshly squeezed lemonaid , fudge , the < PROPFEMALE > shack and SO MUCH MORE !! Yup- Windsor Fairing it late , right through until Marley , < PROPMALE > that is , Maine grown , pure comedy !!!! 
Nike-Mini ! 
Can't believe how much I miss not checking in to facebook everyday !! My life is just whizzing by , but I < PROPFEMALE > every second of it- even those frustrating mornings of losing the get-ahead-moment to the senior moment . Those are the days that you end with a Captain < PROPFIRST > moment . ---- aaaaahhhhhh :) 
What gives !! My sister's profile is unavailable at this time !??? 
If it's broke , do you fix it ? 
Fabulous Friday !! What a work week ! 
One dog chewing on a golf ball , one playing with Trever and the last laying peacefully on the couch- only thing missing is a fire in the woodstove ( not quite ready for that just yet ) . 
Friday , we both forgot our anniversary :) , Saturday afternoon Apple-Fest with Mom , Trever and his girl , Sunday with the Fam getting ready for ski season and a great meal out and about to end with football and desert , with a day of relaxation up for tomorrow- what a FAB weekend ! :) 
Mother and child , Plagued with the head cold .... 
Soccer season is coming to a close .... Love basketball season ! 
What to do , what to do .... Frustrated after correcting some HORRIBLE sentence assessments- Perhaps a brisk walk at < PROPFIRST>'s Club for the Breast Cancer Awareness event- this AM at 8:30 - if anyone else is contemplating their AM activity . 
Day 2 home sick ! What is up with that ???? I rarely if ever get sick , sick . Son is home too- here we go ...... and No , neither of us go a flu shot , never have , not sure that we ever will . 
Oyster crackers 
Love catching up on people's facebook pages ! :) 
Watching husband and son chatting , burping and chowing- gotta love male bonding . :) 
Husband and son are talking about college and possible plans- core classes out of the way at UMA- I'm hearing Penn State , UMaine , Texas , Florida- turf management ..... work somewhere for a while where he can work year round on a course . :) Dad is feeding him SO many possibilities . :) 
I'm shipping up to Boston whoa I'm shipping up to Boston whoa I'm shipping up to Boston whoa I'm shipping off ... to find my wooden leg 
Great Boston Science Museum story : Trever and group went into the Mammogram section and found the blue dome's that were pretty cool and squishy . When asking their goup chaperone what the deal was , he told them to read the signs . As the realization hit that they were simulations of breasts , the hands RAPIDLY withdrew with shocked expressions on their faces . Priceless ! Now that's an education ! 
What a GREAT night !!! Although I'm missing my usual trick-or-Treaters who come for the beer and good snacks !!!!! What a lazy night ! :) 
Yes Man ! 
Hanging with my boyz- watching a < PROPFIRST > Travolta/Denzel Washington flick- two AWESOME actors ! 
Time to hit the treadmill after getting plumped up at Texas Roadhouse with < PROPFIRST > and Trev- I'm still so full and we ate 4 1/2 hours ago ! 
Drunk Flying in Vassalboro , ME : Seagulls are eating the apples at the golf course , getting drunk , attempting to fly and getting hit by passing cars ! Drivers on Webber Pond Rd , consider yourself warned ! 
Today's the day to put a dent in the holiday shopping ( yeah , I know , SO politically correct) ! 
Terrific Shopping day with my girls ! BUT ..... Blue < PROPFEMALE > and Bliss to the rescue ! An intense wheel gripping , 18-Wheeler cursin ' , two hour drive home from Porltand in the torrential rain . 
Upon arriving home , pure bliss to find my 13 year old dressed in his new dress clothes for away basketball games ( looking quite handsome ) , practicing how to tie a tie with Dad watching an < PROPMALE > Capone movie and giving words of encouragement and advice for tying the tie . What a GREAT day ! :) 
Home from an early Monday morning . Love the quiet with a little frothy chai latte before a Monday late AM appointment- great way to start the week . 
Dog got sick on the curtains- good reason to get new curtains ! 
Vet informed us that < PROPFIRST > ( our inherited black lab ) , swallowed a bracelet , which is why he's been vomiting for the last three days . He was brought to a surgeon in Scarborough today , only to find that the \bracelet\ " were the Pepto pills we gave him . They're still probing in his belly as I type- who knows what else they will find down there . " 
< PROPFIRST > now has stuff coming out the other end and they don't know why ... glad these guys aren't MY doctors ! Maybe it's canine flu ?? ( He's staying at the surgeon's for another night ) . 
Intestinal biopsies , scoping and monitoring , Logie is home ! They still don't know what was wrong with him , possible toxins ? Scanning the property today ... If is't not the kid , it's the dogs . 
Strict diet and discipline on our part will get < PROPFIRST > back in shape- Hhhhmmmm , sounds like what I need ! 
Good luck , be safe to the hunters , here's to the winter venison ~ Happy Turkaayy Daaayy !! Lot's to be thankful for in 2009 ! 
Excellent meal at The Capital Grill last night . ( steakhouse here in RI ) NO steak house like this in Maine- unbelievable , melt-in-your-mouth steak !!! Off to Foxwoods today !!! Have some turkey for us ! 
Off to Mystic , CT today ! Great casino fun yesterday ! Legends show tonight ! Odd to be w/o Fam on Thanksgiving . No compensation at the slots- < PROPFEMALE > or just the luck-o-the-slots . 
Still have our house , the clothes on our back and we're up five bucks- despite the spending at The Tree House ( The arcade where Trever spent his \casino time\ " . :) We'll see what < PROPMALE > gets this AM ! :) " 
All in all , we walked away frpom Foxwoods with a small ( very small ) bonus , but enough to pay for one of our meals ! ( Oh , wait- we did drive away- wouldn't want you to think that we lost our car ! ) :) 
... a little lesson prepping(holiday unit , of course ) , finish the holiday cards , get the holiday decorations up , and end the day with a 50th birthday celebration ! Who am I kidding- It's CHRISTMAS for this girl ! :) 
Be still like vegetables . Lay like broccoli ..... 
The smell of sugar cookies fills the house . 
On your < PROPFIRST > , get set , GO ........ 
Wrappings done .... I'm so ready to unwrap ! 
Ghirardelli Milk Chocolate Squares with Caramel Filing- I'm in delicious-zone ! 
Fourth party today , party tomorrow- LOVE the friends/family gatherings ! 
While at the Picher Christmas gathering , Trever's chocolate covered coffee beans were consumed by our miniature schnauzer , who is currently spinning in circles , running up and down the stairs between the two floors , and chasing after our black lab . Hopefully she calms down before bedtime ! 
Picher Xmas Breakfast was a blast , although my sister tried to leave her two shitsu's behind , they were quickly called on their cell to come back and retrieve them before the bald eagle , soaring low to the ground , got them . 
Gym time ..... 
What an incredible party-filled few days- Makes me realize how vital family and friends are to lifelong happiness . :) 
I need five days of fasting ! Maybe I should overdose on coffee beans and work it all off the way my schnauzer did . 
Nothing like working out from 9:00 AM- 4:00 PM !! ALL the Christmas stuff is put away for another year , floors and carpets have been washed and the old decor is rearranged . Bring on the New Year ! 
The family and friends fun-times continues through today ! 
Ready for a snow-day tomorrow- Nothing but a little shoveling and reading by the woodstove ! 
Family gathering to end the decade .... Happy New Year to all !!!!! 
Get a jump on the last day of Vaca ...... ( sigh ) ... 
Plan it , Write it , Check it , Achieve it- Yup , that'll work ! 
Need Sun !!!!!!! 
Got sun- need warmth ! 
1/2 day skiing at Lost Valley - it'll do ... 
Wish I was Saddlebacking it with many friends today , but lesson plans await ..... 
bored , sleepy , procrastinating ............. snow ? 
YAY , Snow !!!!!! 
Procrastinating- time to get up and go to the torture chamber- oops sorry for deleting- it would help to spell things correctly ! < PROPFEMALE > , you were right- the basement ( our gym ) . 
Free- is there such a thing ??? 
COLTS , COLTS , COLTS !!!!! ( Sorry to my Kennebunk Jets fans ) 
The most unexpected surprises can brighten up several days ! 
The most unexpected surprises can shock you and make you realize how much you have to be thankful for .... 
Doppelganger week . During this week change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athlete ) you have been told you look like and re-post this message . 
C is for cookie ..... mmmmmm 8th grade HomeEc- molasses-ginger cookies- the best ! Any other Hodgkin-intes remember them ? I still have the origional recipe sheet ! 
Urbandictionary.com says that : < PROPFEMALE > s are generally smart , musical , and generous . Herbrew for < PROPFEMALE > of the Valley , Graceful < PROPFEMALE > , or Purity , < PROPFEMALE>'s tend to be wonderful girls ! < PROPFEMALE>'s are extremely fun , caring , intelligent , very funny , beautiful , and make the best friends and girlfriends ever ! They are the epitome of classyness ! 
VCS Bsketball playoffs Sat at Erskine , girls @ 3 and boys @ 4:30 PM ! Playing Palermo ( lost at Palermo , won at home ) Go Vikings !!!! 
Friday afternoon , spur of the moment-it's 5'oclock somewhere drinks at < PROPFEMALE>'s!!! Love my co-workers ! 
SO proud of the VCS basketball teams !!! 
Bazinga !!! It's vacation !!!!!! 
Greens are being uncovered ... 
Still chilled from the wind and cold temperatures on the mountain ( Saddleback ) , but what a BLAST !!!! AWESOME skiing !!!! 
Child has gone boarding for the day--He's so lucky ! 
Husband and child are packing for the Golf Course Superintendents conference in Rhode Island- hopefully the first of many for < PROPMALE>'s young prodigy ( unless , of course , Trev chooses some other profession ) . 
The boys are back ! 
Friday ............... 
Posted on the Natanis Golf Course Group < PROPFEMALE > ! Arrowhead 10 , 11 , 18 are open ! Come on out and scratch the itch ! Putting greens are both open as well . < PROPMALE > is looking to open 9 tomorrow or early in the week depending on the clearing today/tomorrow ! 
Give a 13 year old a wrapping paper tube and prepare for auditory \entertainment \"." 
got tape ! 
Golf ! Open House at Natanis today !!! 
PACKED open house today at NATANIS ! Let's see what Sunday brings ! ( not rain ) 
Three days of intense training , information overload- these 4AM wake-ups are KILLING me ! 
Afternoon at Lacrosse and Lupper at the Pointe- What a great Saturday ! 
Lupper , so you can have desert for supper ~ 
A lazy afternoon ...... soon to come . 
A BEAUTIFUL afternoon , with another soon to follow . 
To any friends who are walking in the MS walk on April 24th in Waterville- I need your T-shirt size ( they have youth and adult)- we are ordering T-Shirts this year , but you can add a little something to the front- they are orange with TEAM AWESOME on the back , to support the MS cause . ( state youth s , m or l , or Adult S M L ) ASAP please 
T-Shirts- check ! 
T-Mans Bday supper w/ Mom and Dad after a great lacrosse game- I can't believe he will be 14 on Tuesday ! 
TREVER IS 14 TODAY !!!!!! ( Yup- he's already talking about driver's < PROPMALE > next summer- YIKES ) 
8 hours until vacation !!!! 
VACATION !! Time to tackle the list ! 
It's snowing ! 
Think little round white balls- so many possibilities there- golf , snow ....... Isn't the imagination wonderful . :) 
Iz ' all good ...... 
Tie-Dye day at Dr. Z's- we got nothin ' ( nor do we feel the need ) 
I have beeeeUtiful toes today ! :) 
Warmth of the sun ! 
The Team Awesome Browne Boys ( 3rd generation ) will be running a putting contest to raise money for MS today ! 
Passport ordered- I see a future trip to Aruba ! 
MS walk ROCKED ! Thanks to all the parents and kids who made the AM happen and raised some serious cash ! 
Love it when family visits ! 
Here's wishing good news to a sweet friend . 
Phew ! What an incredible weekend !!! 
Another craaaazy weekend , just became much more sane- rain threat cancels some outdoor activities . 
Ill feeling ! Come-on .... made me miss two soccer goals and a great party ... sometimes life is not so good . ~ sigh ~ 
Happy Day to all my friends who are Mom's and soon to be's . :) 
Friday- yes ! 
BBQ - YUM !!!! 
Newborn baby girl :) 
Quiet house .... 
Welcome long weekend ! 
Motivation , please ..... 
Call from a great friend can getchya ' goin'! :) 
Six friends showing up online- all start with the letter J ! Bazinga ! 
Nice ..... very 
Mother and child up at 3AM- enlightened me as to why others might be \online\ " at this hour . " 
Oh Happy Day ! 
No worries- all's good ! 
A wedding each Sat for the next 3 ..... Love is in the air ! 
Going to < PROPMALE > tomorrow ! 
Adidas < PROPFEMALE > Golf- Need to get me some of those ! 
Friday might have to be considered beach day with the summer boys ! :) 
Two teenage boys- what am I getting myself into ! :) ( SOOOO excited to have my nephew for most of the summer . ) 
Tomorrow is Friday ! Crescent Beach State Park , here we come ! 
< PROPMALE > State and Crescent Beach : check 
Emails been down for two days- wonder if i'm missing anything ... 
My fitbit's busted . 
Rehearsal dinner ..... check , Wedding ....... ( to be continued ) 
Rehearsal dinner ..... check , Wedding ...... CHECK ! It was a BEAUTIFUL day for a wedding . 
Just finished Bitter is the new Black by < PROPFEMALE > Lancaster ...... Totally entertaining- hhhmmm , the next book in line is ........ 
The next book has been changed to Sizzling Sixteen by < PROPFEMALE > Evanovich .... Just had to start it !!! :) 
Hhmmmm , a taste of empty house Th-Sd- will I have the syndrome ??? I think NOT !!!!! 
Thanks to ALLfor the wonderful birthday wishes !! <3 LOL 
Wonderful , typical movie and the Pointe date with my main-squeeze .... man-squeeze ??? :) 
Where are these days going ?????????????????? 
Smile , it's almost tomorrow :D 
1st basketball camp ... check 
Little < PROPFEMALE > is done !!!! 
Next novel .... hhmmmm , Plain Truth by < PROPFEMALE > Picoult or The Days of Summer by Jil Barnett ???? Anyone ? Anyone ? 
Plain Truth it is ! 
Bkfst @ the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>' . Nothin ' could be fina ' 
Plain Truth .... read . What an increadible book ! Onto The Days of Summer by < PROPFEMALE > Barnett . 
Mmmmmm- Big G's 
Newborns to Seventy-somethings , it's gonna be a blast ! 
Another gorgeous , wonderful , superly beautiful-looking day ! 
Deck rungs - stained ! What a perfect day for it ! 
A little fire , marshmallo's toasting ( yes-w/ Hershey's and < PROPMALE > ) and shots toward the green- Vassalboro style .... 
Finished House Rules ! What a FABULOUS book for teachers to read ! 
LOVE the feeling of accomplishing a task !!!! 
BBbrrrrrrrrr ..... LOVE this AM !!!! Can't wait for this PM- ROCK LOBSTAH ! 
Pine Tree Basketball Camp ..... What an amazing week for my \two\ " boys and friends . " 
Off to see a morning play at Mechuwana , family reunion this afternoon \ 
and birthday party this evening ! Phew- Hhhmmm , zoning-out at the beach\ 
tomorrow sounds like a good plan . 
What a GREAT weekend !!!!!! 
Is it the weekend yet ? 
Yeah ! The weekend !!! Super end-to-the-week with hopes of needed rain in the near future , WHICH will give me permission to get into my classroom ! 
awesome tourney@ Lakewood ! Bob/Jim Browne Scholarship and the legend lives on ! 
FINALLY RAIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
My summer officially ends today . It has been an INCREDIBLE one ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > - SKUNKED ! 
SKUNKED : from high odor in the house AND on the dog , to mild ..... 
Popham , here we come !!!! 
Wow ! The kids did an amazing job surviving the heat !!! 
Home at last , home at last , thank God it's Friday and I'm home at last !!!!! 
Rain gage indicated about 2 inches- wonder if that's accurate ??? I sure hope so ! 
Chocolate chip cookies made by your child . Total Sweetness ! 
Since 3am have only moved to replenish caffine and food- NOT a good sign ! 
Good workout = good nights sleep tonight ! :) 
Watch for < PROPFIRST > at the < PROPFIRST>'s game ! 
VCS soccer is looking GREAT ! 
WOW ! Actually had more than 5 minutes to peruse facebook friend's pages ! Time to get back to correcting papers ~ sigh ~ 
Time for Apple Crisp a la mode !!!!!! 
Actually slept until 4:50 AM !!!! The latest wake-up in days !!! SO glad it's the weekend ! 
YEAH THE WEEKEEND !!!! 
Bazinga ! 
I got nothin ' ..... 
FAVORITE task : changing my sons yearly school pic in his picture frame . :) 
Okay , so I ( we ) missed my ( our ) 17th wedding anniversary- Every day is like an anniversary with my hubby ! :) ( truth ) 
Waiting on a number ........... 
still waiting on a number ..... 
The boys and I at Sedgley Place Friday night- TOTAL YUMMMMMMMM !!!!!!! 
< PROPMALE > mints , < PROPFEMALE > corn , caramel creams ! Yup , uh huh .... 
Gotta do some carving today ! 
Lesson planning , carving , cooking will make for a full day ! 
Trever's movie night pick this past weekend- The Losers ! It was REALLY good ! 
Dya ' suppose I could use the Moss technique in my classroom ? The only way I'm going to run a lesson is if I'm the only one asking questions and answering questions . 
The Pointe and < PROPMALE > Marley with good friends , fun , fun fun ? 
Great Marley show last night , this am pancakes made , eaten and cleaned up ( 13/14 yr olds , 4 of ' em ) , and some totally rockin ' , fantabulous , goose bump makin ' , make-your-day kinda news from a friend ! What a weekend ! 
To those who have served and are serving for the United States of < PROPFEMALE > , Thank You ! 
Shopping weekend with the Queenies !!! 
After a GREAT weekend , some WONDERFUL weekly news ! :) Life can be SSSOOOOOO sweeeett !! :) 
Vacation ! YES !!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > beach !!!! 70deg and < PROPFEMALE > . Woot . Woot ! 
SOOOOOO far behind on Christmas planning and decorating- Nov . vacation was definitely worth it !!! 
grades and education plan updates due .... STILL sssoooo far behind on Christmas planning ~ sigh 
You know you're getting old when you see a past acquantence in the grocery store and can't think fast enough to use his name when you see him , and then you're out the door before ya ' know it ! Hi < PROPFIRST > ! 
STILL haven't decorated , but got most of my shopping done , which I thought was the purpose of my shopping trip with the Queens back in November ! What a zoo out there ! 
WWOOOO HHHOOOOOO House is decorated , all though 1/2 of what I usually do .... sigh 
SO cool to watch the basketball players progress with their skills , AND to have son and nephew play on the same team ! 
Early to rise .... beat the mobs to the stores .... 
Early to rise ...... VERY early to rise ..... 
1/2 day of catapult making and < PROPMALE > Python watching will lead to VACATION !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > to my fellow bakers , lobster stew makers and wrappers ( won't be joinin ' those last minute shoppers ! ) :D 
One more holiday gathering .... I've never wanted to see just fruits/vegies and salad at the munchie table so badly in my life !!!! 
what a GREAT time in the Celtics House Friday night and the Gillick's House all day today ! Not sure which house had more action ! 
Uggghhhh ...... sigh ...... 
Zumba & a little Erskine B'ball mixed with friends & my boys , then Lupper @ Longhorn , walkin ' on the tread and time by the fire w/ a good book ..... can life get ANY better ???? I'm not so sure that it can ! TOTALLY content ..... 
No Groundhog Shadow = early golf season !!!!! 
Congrat's to the VCS obs for their 2nd undefeated sport this school year ! They have definitely learned the importance of team work !! 
Off to Aruba with my Love , while child explores the historical landmarks with a large group of others his age . Happy Vacation !!! 
Hello to all of my friends & Family , from ARUBA !!! We depart tomorrow on a long flight home , but have had an AMAZINGLY , < PROPFEMALE > , WARM , BLAST OF TOGETHERNESS time !!! Pictures soon !! Love to All :) 
Erskine HS registration tonight for my one and only child . ~ sigh ~ 
Tired , tired , tired- severe need of rest- come on weekend ..... 
amazing meal @ Fore Street + a Red Claws game- Great night- So ready for a comfy bed w/ NO alarm in the AM 
TOTAL YEAH to my sister for meeting her goal !!! Way to go ! You are SO my inspiration ! 
Open House at Natanis this weekend !!!! Practice green has been shoveled off !!! 
WHAT ??? Possible significant snow on Friday ????? NO WAY !!! 
Melt Snow , Melt Snow ... Come on , chant with me .. MELT snow , MELT snow !! 
T boarding at the Loaf w/ cousins , so I took the three dogs on a GLORIOUS walk on the golf course ... only to come home to Hubby down n ' out with the flu . 
