Confused and angry !!!!!!!! Dont get why me being sad is wats best for everyone but me . 

still sad miss him like crazy ........ feels like we are broke up since everywhere we go there is something there to push us farther away from eachother . Still cant wait to be a mom . 
Sick of school glad im almost done forever !!!!!!!! Well not really forever :) :) :) :) :) 
LOL i love how dumb people can be sometimes she must be crazy if she thinks he will leave me for her ...... once a hoe always a hoe ......... glad i dont go to dumb school ......... oh ya and i got a job finally !!!!!!!!! 
My crazy mom made a facebook for my dog so she can get stuff for farmville and she has been using mine for it to !!!!!!! I swear farmville is more addicting than drugs . Crazy farmville addicts :) 
Just to let all the rumor starting people know i havent had my baby yet , yes im pregnant and no the baby didnt die get your facts strait . 
Its not getting better at all sometimes i look at you and see a stranger wat you did will never be forgiven and that hurts more than anything . 
Just got of work :) i love my job :) Hoping tomorrow my scary doctor will let me see wat my babygirl looks like :) bet shes amazing like her crazy father !!!! 
4 days left till emalees predicted date of birth !!!!!!!!! really scared and nervous :( 
just brought emalee home :) 
Sometimes the worst situations can be a blessing in disguise :) 
we dont agree on much in fact we rarely agree at all , we fight all the time and challenge eachother everyday , but inspite of our differences , we have one thing in common , we are crazy about eachother :) 
You don't have to be a certain age to fall in love ; although you've maybe been told you're to young . For those who tell you that , they don't know what love is . 
I'd rather fight with you than be in the arms of someone else :) 
To be trusted is a greater compliment than being loved . 
I tried to climb your steps , i tried to < PROPMALE > you down , i tried to see how low i could get down to the ground , i tried to earn my way , i tried to tame this mind you better believe that i have tried to beat this . 
watched the broncos get there really nice looking asses kicked stupid raiders ................. i think football is scamed on the bright side san deigo lost :) 
Wow ! Miley will never stop - Watch miley < PROPMALE > with new boyfriend - Leaked News => http://bit.ly/miley < PROPMALE > s 
Why is it the person you feel closest to always the one who is pushing you away ? 
Today sucked my car almost died , my grandmas funeral is tomorrow and i miss my < PROPFEMALE > ......... Love you baby we miss you :( 
We are all a little weird and life's a little weird , and when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours , we join up with them and fall in mutual weirdness and call it love . 
F\\r(Fovever His ) 
Emalee got a bouncy thingy and she loves it all she does is jump jump jump till she passes out lol i love my babygirl :) 
i cant believe emalee is four months old its crazy 
So confused grrr 
I like waffles 
two hours and two mins :) 
:( really :( 
selling my car cheap if anyone is intrested :) 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? \ 
? If you have amazing children , put this as your status ? \ 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? 
I made you a cookie but I eated it :) :) :) \ 
Love you babe :) 
Am asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has Multiple Sclerosis ( MS ) . I know my friends will . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just for one hour . Do it in the memory and the honor of those fighting it . I hope to see this on your status . 
