Today , I learned my time here is not finished . Thank you to everyone who make my time here meaningful ! 

It's bad enough I can't go back to work yet , but now Rog is off too because of a crushed heel bone from his car accident in Nov . 2010 must be a better year ! Oh well , take it like a champ and like it ! :) 
I'm sooo ready to go back to work ! 
As I said earlier . . . I'M SO READY TO GO BACK TO WORK !!! Either I can't sleep , sleep too much , don't eat , eat too much ! My little hubby , bless his heart , is really bringing down my healing time lol ! 
Kennedy , my 10yro is making cupcakes for < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Jr Day ; she got up early and everything to make them ! I asked her why she made them for MLKJD and she said , \Because he is respectful and brought hope to people \"" 
I'm going to the chiro .... hopefully to get a release back to work ? Please , God ..... 
Geez !!!! When will this end !!! But the light at the end of the tunnel is at least in sight ; If things keep improving , I can come back next week ! Hooray ! But the MD says more like towards ' the end ' of next week :( ; But at least I have an approx time ! Thanks you lovely peeps for your comments ! 
If you are a wife that has a wonderful husband that works so hard and would give up anything just to give to you , then repost this . I have the most wonderful husband in the world and I love him very much . I'm so lucky to have him ! Pass it along and see how many great guys we have 
If you are a parent with the greatest kids on earth then copy and repost this and let's give our kids the recognition they need ! I love my Children . They may not be perfect but they are mine and I LOVE THEM UNCONDITIONALLY !! ? XO ? XO ? XO 
Getting ready for < PROPFEMALE>'s graduation ! I love you girl ! You worked hard to get there ! See ya tonight ! Fagbag ... lol 
Exhausted from last night ! And I have four 9-10yro's in my house running rampid ! Can't complain , one of the girls is my niece who I hardly get to see and I'm glad she's spending the night 
okay , I've had enough . . . God , please hear me ! I need to go back to work ! :) 
Now I'm down to three girls stomping around ... 
My fine is $375.50 - That's the truth ! 
It feels like rain again today ... but what's new ? Right ? 
Its freakin sleet and snow mix blowing like a hurricane ! 
No can do on release date .... YUCKIE ! YUCKIE ! SUCKIE ! Please don't forget about me at the Parkway .... :( I hope to be back soon 
Feeling down from this set-back , but I know I have to keep my head up and remain standing ; I will overcome this ! 
Going to the Doc again today ... Whiplash whipped my a** ! I can barely move my head from side to side ! A painful reminder that I NEED to look straight ahead so I don't stray off the path to recovery ... 
Live your life while you have it Life is a splendid gift ; there is nothing small about it . < Florence Nightingale > 
Dealing with ANY Insurance co . is VERY stressful and draining ! I thought the idea behind insurance was to HELP and not HINDER life ! Horrible times if your healing !!!! 
just crawled out of bed .... had a bad night of puking ! I swear , my body never listens to me ! I WILL GET GET BACK TO NORMAL ! 
Just woke up again ! Been sleeping all day ! I haven't done a darn thing this weekend ! I told myself I would clean house today , once Lexi's fiend left , but did I ? NO ! 
\Dont ' ask for an easier life ; ask to be a stronger person . Sometimes you just have to take the leap and build your wings on the way down . \ " < KOBI YAMADA > " 
is thinking about my next md appt on Thurs ... He states he will release me to work next week , if I continue to do well . I feel much better , so I hope he does it !!! 
Going back to the chiro again today , and thank God , I'm not hurting anywhere ! So , that's equals release ! YAY ! Kinda sounds like I'm talking about prison , but believe me , it sure has felt like it most days !!!!! 
One of the best friends you could ever meet . Sometimes quiet and patient but when she's around a group shes wild and fun . She is always there to listen to you and give you a hug if you need one . She is willing to try anything and is very athletic . She can talk for hours or just have no idea what's going on . She is an overall great person to be around 
IS BURSTING AT THE SEAMS WITH JOY !!!! I finally go back to work on Monday ! Parkway , here I come ! HOORAY ! I can't wait to see everyone ! I've missed you all so much ! Of course , I especially miss caring for my patients and smiling sooo much my face actually hurts ! 
is starting to feel anxious and a little nervous about going back to work . I had just established a routine on 2 .... someone convince me it's going to be ok ..... :) 
I am only one , But still I am one . I cannot do everything , But still I can do something ; And because I cannot do everything I will not refuse to do the something that I can do - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Hale 
First night on the job after 7wks ! Excited , Happy , Scared and a ball of anxiety ! lol .... not really , just a little ! I hope the snow and ice stays away at least until I get home . 
Glad to be back at work ; had a rough night though . Slept in all day , sore as heck ! Couldn't make it back today due to road conditions , but I'll be back swinging tomorrow ! : 0 ) 
You must never so much as think whether you like it or not , whether it is bearable or not ; you must never think of anything except the need and how to meet it . ( < PROPFEMALE > Barton ) ..... OMG ! I need this pasted to my forehead , arms and hands , and my back ! :o ) 
Feeling a little scared about driving into work by myself ; Rog has been driving me since I came back due to the road conditions , but tonight .... It's just me . 
is feeling more confident at driving and at work ! I got to be on my ' regular ' floor tonight ! YAY ! It was so nice to be there ! I love you guys !...... : 0 ) 
Every person is responsible for all the good within the scope of his abilities , and for no more < Gail Hamilton > 
If you have a best friend that will drop everything for you , be there for you through thick and thin and still love you when you mess up and still loves you for all your faults , copy and paste this to your status !! 
< PROPMALE > and I met in Nov 1991 through my brother < PROPFIRST > and his wife at the time < PROPFEMALE > , and we married on August 6th 1993 . I love him so much ! : 0 ) 
Nurses ARE the heartbeat of health care .... author unknown . I agree ! Happy V Day everyone ! Just another day to me though ...... hmmm 
Is tired after sleeping all day ! But , I didn't go to bed until 7am . Obviously my sleep patterns continue to be completely whacked !!!! Oh well , guess I go back to bed and watch tv 
Hates this weather ! I wouldn't mind , if I didn't have to drive in it ! Oh well , my work must go on ! : 0 ) 
Happiness comes from within and rests most securely on simple goodness and clear conscience ( < PROPFIRST > S . Ogdon ) 
My Body says NO ! But my Mind says YES ! I wonder which one wins ? 
Shew ! I'm tired ! But a good tired ! I made it through 2wks at work without killing myself ! YAY !!! And I'm off the weekend , which makes it sooo much sweeter ! (: o ) 
Is still cooking dinner and chocolate cake ! Had to open the kitchen windows , it got so hot ! My brother < PROPFIRST > is over , so this dinner will be our ' special family dinner ' :o ) 
We Must Learn Our Limits . We Are All Something , But None Of Us Are Everything- GEEZ !!! Man , I really need to paste this on my forehead , my arms , .... No , I think my butt , that way I know it can be seen !!!! 
Saw an awful accident on 65s , involving at least three cars ! The snow is slick and covering the lanes ! Thank God , I made it home ok .... Everyone , please be careful and take it slow 
I know God won't give me anything I can't handle . I just wish He didn't trust me so much ( Mother Teresa ) ....... Amen !!! 
is now getting out of bed for the 2nd time today .... bout all I can do when I have a day off , which absolutely sucks ! Unless I'm having good dreams ... ho-hum 
Busy night at work , I'm glad that's over 
is feeling bittersweet for all my classmates at < PROPMALE > who continued thru RN and passed Boards ! But , I guess I'll get my < PROPMALE > someday ! Congrats Everyone ! Miss ya ! 
Finally , a day off ! Rough weekend at work , but Monday went smoother , TG . < PROPFEMALE > starting with the coughing and wheezing again ! I guess after my chiro appt I'll be taking her to the MD . She's had the flu shot , but asthma is her battle :-( .......... PRACTICE HOPE . AS HOPEFULNESS BECOMES A HABIT , YOU CAN ACHIEVE A PERMANENTLY HAPPY SPIRIT . ( < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > peale ) 
Not a day off ! Went to MD appts in Louisville , bank , grocery shopping with 3hrs sleep ! I need rest !!!!! 
Thought of you with love today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , with which I'll never part . God has you in His keeping , I have you in my heart . Repost if you have a loved one in Heaven . 
thinking about how sooo many things are going wrong for me .... I just found out , the new car I bought < PROPFIRST > 6 2010 isn't financed through the bank I signed a contract with ? Evidently the dealership failed to tell me this and are ruining my credit by going through different banks without my permission ??!!!! Has anyone ever had this happen to them ? Any advice ? 
Please everyone , pray for my Uncle < PROPFIRST > , who had a heartattack today and is now in a coma . I love you Uncle < PROPFIRST > ! My Dad's only brother ...... 
Still at work , waiting for < PROPFEMALE > ! GEEZ ! She talks too much ! 
If you have a wonderful husband that works hard to provide for you and would do anything just for you and your family , then repost this as your status to give the honest well-behaved men out there the recognition that they deserve ... because GREAT men are few and far between , and I have one ! 
Every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family ! Let's see who in my Friend's List actually pays attention . Copy and repost this in your own bulletin . You can't choose family but ... you ...... can choose friends 
Heading out to the dealership to resign a contract that never existed ! Excellent ! 
has a 100 temp and a sinus ha from HELL ! Have to go to MD again ! Sucks !!!!! 
We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world . < PROPFEMALE > KELLER 
is trying to find sleep , but it hides very well . Gotta work tonight too ... oh well , might as well accept it and find a good game to play or read some more .... Uncle < PROPFIRST > , I wish you well ! 
just found out the hospital pulled the vent from my UJ approx 4pm Tuesday ; I will miss you ! 
Dear Uncle < PROPFIRST > , Please know I love you ; and I will miss you ! RIP 3/17/2010 
is having a better day ( actually night since Im a 2nd shifter ); still having my moments , but striving to live one second at a time . 
I'm sad and hurt now that you're gone , but I will continue to live my life , just as you want it to be ..... I love you Uncle < PROPFIRST > ! 
There is a virus going around on farmville . There will be a box that comes up and it says that there is a problem and that it will fix it . The only thing to click on is the OK button . DON'T click on it . instead clikck on CTRL-ALT-DELETE . that is the only way to get out without getting ... the virus . PASS IT ON ...!!... reposting from a friend . 
When you get to the end of your rope ; tie a knot and < PROPFEMALE > on . < PROPMALE > Delano < PROPMALE > 
What a pretty day outside ! Too bad my allergies don't think so . :o [ 
June 28th , 1946 to April 6th , 1988 : < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Manning : I love you Mom ! You are always in my thoughts , dreams , and in my heart . RIP 
We have children going to bed without eating ..... Elderly going without needed medicines ..... Mentally ill without treatment ..... Troops without proper equipment ..... Yet we donate millions to other countries before helping our own first ...... 99% of ppl won't have the guts to copy and repost this .!!!!!! WILL YOU 
The World Is Always Changing ; Let's change it for the better through understanding and laughter ! ; 0 } 
You Find Yourself Refreshed By The Presence Of Cheerful People . Why Not Make An Honest Effort To Confer That Pleasure On Others ? < PROPFEMALE > M . CHILD 
Rain Does Not Fall On One Roof Alone . CAMEROON PROVERB 
Right now there is a nurse helping a woman become a Mom , a nurse holding the hand of a dying man , a nurse inserting an IV in a child , a nurse listening to an Alzheimers patient tell a story , a nurse missing her family while caring for yours . ? It's Nurse Appreciation Week . Post if you are a nurse , love a nurse or appreciate a nurse !! 
