misses old friends 

Disliking the irony , in working to find work . But , I got to do something . Miss my phone too much . XD 
Hates watching people make the same mistake time after time . Especially when they don't listen to advice about it ......... 
Just watched Zombie Land . 
Gonna kill some nazi zombies for a few hours . 
Atonement for the sins of the past is not to repent . It is to not make the same mistake twice . 
Taking a nap , cuz naps are awesome , and I only got like 4 hours sleep last night lol 
Same product different packaging , or same packaging with different product ? 
So , playing a game online , and apparently I sound like I'm 30 >.< 
We barely talk , don't get to < PROPFEMALE > out much , why do you say \Don't leave\ " ? " 
I shall indulge in a mostly useless status update . I am going to bed , that is all . 
Has decided , the hair has to go :( 
Is a Cowboy ballerina bomberman in space . 
< PROPFEMALE > saretai < PROPFEMALE > ... aishitai wake jyana . 
You can forget your memories , but you can't forget your feelings . 
Its only part time , but I has a job :) 
Knew it was coming , still didn't want to hear it . 
Sorry if I'm not who you want me to be .... actually I'm really not sorry at all . 
Doesn't matter how many times I hear them , Journey will always be amazing . \Separate Ways\ " is my favorite . " 
Not sure what to do , but I have to do something ....... 
Getting warm out , time to take advantage of the weather , and the time of year . 
Reading news is depressing . 
Watched < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland .... in 3D . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > does it again . 
Sonata Arctica , just can't stop listening to them today . 
You didn't do anything wrong , its just how things are . 
Wanting so very much , to get things started ... One thing or another ... 
Almost enough written to constitute a chapter ! 
All the act prep questions this week were too easy :/ 
Looking for suggestions on a good read . Books or manga . 
Playing Super < PROPFIRST > 3 , good times . 
Tang + Ice Cream = ? 
I'm a fat marshmallow . 
I'm just a dreamer . I dream my life away . I'm just a dreamer , who dreams of better days . 
Finally fixing desktop . No more lagtastic laptop for me . :) 
My friend's 6 year old niece , just \turned me into a chair\ " so she could sit on me .... -sigh- " 
....... completely maxed on Castle age requests ... again .... 
< PROPFEMALE > opens her door . 30 seconds later , I have a poodle on my lap :/ 
Good morning ... oh ... its raining ... 
Remembering that time I got put on pumpkin restriction .... good times .... 
We must be careful about what we pretend to be . 
If you are done talking to me and don't want to be friends anymore , at least have the courtesy to say so , instead of ignoring messages and randomly deleting me on different sites . 
Why would anyone willingly subject themselves to something they find offensive ? 
Stupid drunk kids ringing doorbell at 2:20 am ..... 
Someone believes something different than you do ? So what , does their right to believe what they want to believe really bother you sooo much that it imposes on your rights ? 
34 rounds solo on Nazi Zombies , with < PROPFIRST > gun and flamethrower . * Der Riese 
New game of Ogre Battle 64 , still debating on which ending I want to go for , any votes ? * I plan on keeping Dio , even though he really kind of sucks * 
Had a dream last night .... I could teleport XD 
Hmm , finally hit first class change on SOM 2 . Taking a break , then onto the rest of the game tomorrow maybe . 
Always disappointing when my favorite character in a series happens to be a side character who reaches the end of the story , but isn't given the privilege of a conclusion . I mean come on , in this particular series , pretty much EVERY OTHER side character got an ending , even ones that had less than half their part in it ! 
Made enchiladas for dinner ... I spent about 4 hours in the kitchen , it only took about 4 minutes for the pan to be near empty . 
Has anyone else ever watched \Mars\ " ? " 
Can it become too late to thank someone ? 
Sometimes , you just wake up and realize , all your dreams for the last month have been post-apocalyptic . 
Sometimes its good to sit back , open a drink , and listen to some Serj . Gotta take time to enjoy being alive . 
Found even more places in the area online than I did a month and a half ago . At least this time I have Dr. Pepper AND Cheez-its to munch on while I fill out all these apps online . 
Brain is full of ouch . Reality ? Delusion ? A delusion merging with reality ? Chaos Head ... not missing anything , and still not quite sure whats going on lol 
