Old injury back to haunt me . outta commission right before CO visit . total drag . 

goin to grandpa's at the end of the month and convention in dayton a week after . finally something good to look forward to . 
off to grandpa's today . oh yeah ! 
Great convention ! but all good things must come to an end . 
\Happy endings ARE possible if you're willing to fight for it . \"" 
Giving up is for losers , and I refuse to lose . 
Life in this system is about pain . Taking pain and turning it into strength . Strength to live and to help those you care about through their pain . 
Had loads of fun at soccer today ... even though I was a little late . heh 
internet modem died 2 days ago . finally got a new one so i'm back online ! 
Time to party ! Oh yeah ! 
The monotony returns . Such is life , for now . 
what does one fight for in this system of things ... oneself ? friends ? family ? \love\ " ? i wonder ... " 
Ah , life ... you never cease to dissapoint ... 
Seems that the assembly day had a positive effect on quite a few people , young and old . 
I have skype now so anyone who knows me add me . Especially my old friends in Florida . skype name : davis1228 
.............................................. 
What a drag ... winter has never felt so empty before ... 
going to < PROPMALE > Park cong . on the last Sunday of the month . 
last minute change of plans . Dad's talk date has been switched so me and him will be at < PROPMALE > Park tomorrow . totally wasn't ready for the change . 
just got back from < PROPMALE > park . had a good time eating with the vastines , the ones who were there , and a few other nice brothers and sisters . today was actually a good day ... so far . 
... this sucks ... 
can't go to freakin sleep ! 
the heart is treacherous , and yet without it there is no humanity . how to control it ... 
for the last 2 or so months i haven't slept very well , been sick to my stomach almost every night . i don't get it ... 
i wonder what it's like to be at peace ... the closest thing that comes to mind is sleep ... 
... i wish something interesting would happen in my life ( as in \good \") . everything is so ... empty ... " 
