I am not of this world and science cannot explaine me . I will transcend death . This body will not contain me . 

MAYLENE AND THE SONS OF DISASTER\S NEW CD III IS AWESOME !!! PROBABLY THE BEST SO FAR ! " 
this is your generation , your world , your turn . What are you going to do with it ? 
' I'll take back everything if you stand by my side , cuz im told the river went dry . ' 
back from facebook hiatus , listening to skillet's new cd , and relaxing from a 10 day work week .. life has never felt so great !! 
life is like a box of chocolates , every once and a while you will get a piece that is great ... other than that the rest is crap :P 
2 Cor 6:16 - For ye are the < PROPFEMALE > of the living God ; as God hath said , I will dwell in them , and walk in them and I will be their God , and they shall be my people . 
Another morning chasing lies After another evening chasing skies So make tonight my reality So tomorrow I remember everything Why do I feel like I'm slipping away Why do I feel so far away Wake me up inside my dreams Just in time for me to believe 
Keep up the spirits and remember that one person can make a change in life . It can come in something simple or more complex . It doesn't matter . 
Skillet's new video for their song Monster is amazing ! 
I will never forget ! 
c'mon pats , lets do this thing !! 
WOW , that is all I can say . What a great nail biter game . Pats win it 25-24 . 
sweetness , I just ordered Tedashii- Identity Crisis . Cant wait till I can listen to Make war and 26's :D 
Red leaves blow in the wind -- Leaving home and everything it's known behind Barren branches wave goodbye -- As the red leaves slowly die -- Every flower stares and watches -- As the wind takes me away -- Before the sun shone upon me -- Now the wind takes me away -- Red leaves falling -- Through the branches -- Making their way to the ground -- Blowing by the flowers sleeping No one knows the leaves are leaving 
One day the < PROPMALE > of < PROPMALE > s will put him in an endless pit-And lock it up tight for a thousand years-The < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > will begin His reign on earth-And crushing into pieces ancient fears-He'll receive all < PROPFEMALE > high upon His mighty throne-All nations bowing down in reverent praise-tears of joy and laughter will be our new place and home-Our enemy is doomed in a firey blaze ! 
im playing the McDonalds monopoly thing , so if you want to help out than send your codes or pieces my way , I will give you a cut of the prize if win :P 
these past 2 days have been very relaxing :D 
Well the purpose within me/ Oh how it burns so fervently/ Cause All I want and all I need is for you to give to me/ A heart for those who need to know how much you care/ I can see the hurting coming everyday searching for the answer/ Well I just need you to burden me 
anyone need McDonald's Monopoly pieces ? I have a ton of extras . 
Way to go Pats ! 59-0 over Titans . Hopefully < PROPMALE > will stay consistant as well as the recievers and defence . 
Sweet , my hdtv is also my computer screen :D .. I can get used to this ! 
after readinig many consumer and professional reports , I am indeed getting an Alpine over a Pioneer when I get my car 
I want this but in black sand < PROPFEMALE > http://www.scion.com/#xD_photosColors_360 
watching the rest of UFC 100 than going to watch taken :] off tomorrow than interview for Hulihans on monday :) thank you lord !! 
havbe a real busy week ahead of me , today I will turn in an application and resume to Efacec and mcdonalds ( management ) , than hanging out with friends , sunday work , monday interview at hulihans , work rest of week XD . 
have a real busy week ahead of me , today I will turn in an application and resume to Efacec and mcdonalds ( management ) , than hanging out with friends , sunday work , monday interview at hulihans , work rest of week XD . 
off tomorrow . No I am not doing anything with any one .. staying home and relaxing :P 
I love this song , it is very beatutiful and soothing when you want to unwind from the day . http://www.playlist.com/playlist/18420321803/standalone 
WOOO !!! Cant wait ! almost 20 .. I dont feel that old .. I always say I am 17 for some reason :P 
Thank you everyone for the b-day wishes . had a nice day . 
We've got the fire , who's got the matches-Take a look around at the sea of masks-And come one , come all-Welcome to the grand ball-Where the strong run for cover-And the weak stand tall-I'm not one to scatter ashes-But there's some things that'll melt the plastic-Try and dig down deeper if you can-TFK 
fear itself is just another weak-minded solution 
anyone want to do anything friday ? 
woot 
ran the production floor today , it was actually pretty fun ..... tough but fun .... 
Oh lord , < PROPFEMALE>'s Illegal .. am i in trouble ? 
I think I just sold < PROPFEMALE > to < PROPFIRST > for $900 and a twinkie 
finally fixed my necholas with an old piece of a bracelet link . Gotta love my creative thinking :] 
Smile away :] 
some people's definition of fun is confusing to me . 
looking at http://www.autotrader.com/dealers/dda/detail.jsp?ct=u&car_id=277707023&dealer_id=100005186&car_year=2003&dealership_view_name=null&num_records=100&model=&start_year=&search_type=&make=&min_price=&sort_type=priceASC&end_year=&max_price=&cardist=0 
going down to Keller's auto market to see about getting me one of them there cars . 
so how about this morning , work said i was off , than they called me at 4 asking where i was ? WTH is going on ?? 
\Keep up the spirits and remember that one person can make a change in life . It can come in something simple or more complex . It doesn't matter . \"" 
Bought me a brand new 2009 Toyota Yaris . Its a beauty . 
fret not what you see in minutes , for the outcome in months will be worth it . 
I just got off . I love those 4am-2pm shifts , not . 
kinda down right now ... 
thinks i should have hit the deer , the ditch messed up my entire front end . 
Don't know that I will but until I can find me\ 
A girl who'll stay and won't play games behind me\ 
I'll be what I am\ 
A solitary man\ 
A solitary man 
Went to put my car in the shop , picked up a rental , hit up the gym , looked at job offers , now relaxing at home . Man what a day , only one thing would make it 10x better . 
is it sad that the rental is better than my car in the shop ? 
i hate it when you are having a good sleep and someone wakes you up for no reason . 
thats all i needed to know , its over . 
No 
i think i just fucked everyting up for the worse . All i can do is say im sorry , can you forgive me ? 
Whats in the past is done and over with . Just focus on the now , and how you learn from the past to better your future . I am ashamed of alot of things , some big some small , but I will learn and strengthen from it . 
its called facebook relationship status ... i swear its out to get us .. lol 
cant sleep tonight either :( 
My good friend and sponsor is throwing a Mona*Vie tasting party at her house , Thursday night at around 7:30 . Let me know if you want to go to get involved in a great opportunity . 
My good friend and sponsor is throwing a mova*vie tasting party thursday at 7:30 . If you are interested in attending let me know . I can provide a ride if needed . 
my best friend just said i would make a good cop .. any thoughts ? 
religion sucks 
hmmm ... need to be up at 3 , yet cant seem to fall asleep . This is brutal 
sooooo , whats up ?? 
Cant wait till I get my check on friday ... after bills I am buying War of ages : Eternal . Such a great and insperational band that has their facts straight , not to mention the nice metalcore beat to go along with it , so excited :D . 
took some codine around 10 , been sleeping ever since . 
WOW ! What a great meeting , I cant wait till i can go again ! PUMPED UP , Mona¤vie has blessed me with great friends i can call family :) . 
I am sick and tired of being sick and tired . Im tired of being poor , im tired of working at a crappy job , im tired of living paycheck to paycheck , tired of being treated like 2nd grade trash , and most of all , tired of some certain people . 
popped 2 codine pills , this is going to be a great sleep ! 
cant wait to get my car tomorrow , i think its been over a month since its hit the shop . bought trip < PROPFIRST>'s new cd and going to jam hard ! 
soooo .... not getting my car till friday , grr .. Its been over a month now ! 
well , tomorrow sounds promising enough ! 
< PROPMALE > out with my jamecan friends tonight , man , they are crazy ! 
in life you must find something worth fighting for , no matter how big or small , for without it you will truly perish . 
cant wait till i get my monavie Emv and ( M)mun in , really interested in how they taste . 
really tired , i wish this inspection would hurry up , these 4-2 , 10 hour shifts are killing me . 
fri and sat off , yeah !! 
time to go to sleep and wake up at 3am for work :\\ . Cant wait till friday . 
i could write a book about everything i have been through in my life , the scary thing about it is I still have so much more to go . 
cant wait , ufc tonight at hooters ! Anyone game ? 
< PROPMALE > won in round 2 by tapping carwin out 
eh , you win some you lose some . 
tired , about to go to sleep . Might hit up \splash\ " with some peeps tomorrow . " 
just got back from the gym , im out of shape , lol . 
wow , you never know how much you take life for granted until one of your friends die , than you stop and think . RIP < PROPFIRST > , you will be missed :[ 
im getting paid to go to splash at the boro tomorrow ! I love my job now , lol . 
had a nice and relaxing day today . Splash at the Boro , free meal at < PROPFEMALE > Tuesdays , and lastly < PROPMALE > out at a special persons house ... good times . 
i just dont get it anymore ... 
when i am upset , there is nothing better than haste the day's song autum 
before go to disturbe this moment , i look to you . i want to say a prayer , before my feet can hit the ground . Lord i give this day to you . Its a brand new day , its a new beginning . 
i love my job and my supervisers . They look out for me so much ! 
so doc gave me steroids and vicadin to last a couple of days , out of work till sun or monday depending of the follow up X-Ray and ct scan . Hope everything goes well . 
The doc must have given me some sort of merical pill or something cuz I am feeling much better , still feel the pnuemo , but not as bad :D . 
wow , church was great ! I got to see the new house we are moving into at the end of the month , not to shabby :) . Hopefully I can move out on my own not to long from now . 
thinking about taco < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > , but i dont know 
Going to help my grandpa out by taking his dogs to the vet . after that I have to call the docs again to try to get a release to work form , yay ! 
sooooo , how bout 6 more texts till i reach 3,000 in my inbox . 
some truths are a sigh of relief , some a painful scar , and some a celebration of happiness , all of which remind us of the simple reality we call life . 
had a great night ! Me and < PROPFEMALE > went bowling then went back to her house and watched a movie :) 
as they sit in the streets , angry as the time flies by , ignorant of the god they truly deny . Thier rein will soon be at a hault , as he will destroy all who is at fault . 
im happy :) ahahaha ^.^ 
so i found out some stuff , not to ammused 
today went fairly well , going to the doc's tomorrow , hope he gives me some good news . 
sometimes , as flesh , when we look at the now , we fail to realize that god is putting us through this for a reason . The now may suck , but when the hell is over we can take a breather . 
cant sleep , too much on my mind . 
after years of rushing through life and the drama that comes with it , we must take a rest , a simple walk in a nice park to relieve your stress and help you recharge ... yeah , that'll do the trick . 
sooo , i went to work today and my supervisor told me i have management class next monday . I was like , cool . Than he handed me 3 books and sayed to study up , i was like .. crap . 
ugh , finally done with the move .. i am dead tired now X_X 
wow , this manager thing is really fun yet tiring . The money and free meals are an ok touch :) . 
i went for a walk today and saw a cute girl . I can get used to this neiborhood ^.^ 
ugh , sooo bored . No gas to go anywhere , no money to do anything ... 
i hate when people put on a front around me . If you have something you did behind my back than tell me .. or are you too afraid ?? 
\I could never stay mad at you\ " actually means \ " cross me & I will drop you like an AT&T call . \"" 
going to work , than , who knows where the wind will take me . 
i dont know what to believe anymore . 
for a certain few , < PROPFIRST > 6:14 and 15 . For if you forgve men their trespasses , your heavenly faher will also forgive you , but if ye forgive not their trespsses , neither will your father forgive you your trespasses . 
ready for the 2 longest workdays of the week , Sunday 10am-7pm and monday 4am-2pm . 
Enjoyin a nice cup of oreo mcflurry 
could boredome get any more boring ? 
good night friends and fam , tomorrow is a new day .. gots to wake upo and make me some green , than who knows where the world will take me . 
nothing like reading my bible and eating a big bowl of ice cream :P 
girl , dont be hate'n . 
We were given : Two hands to hold . To legs to walk . Two eyes to see . Two ears to listen . But why only one heart ? Because the other was given to someone else . For us to find . 
umm .. chea 
sleeeeepp :( 
Going to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > at 12 for a monavie meeting , if you want to come , give me a call .. anyone and everyone is welcome . 
If I told you I would give you 1 million dollars to jump out of an airplane with no parachute , would you ? 
tired , going to bed , night peeps . 
Monavie Tasting party went great !! Have a sign-up to do tomorrow , than going to talk to his father and paster .. good week :) 
my friend at work is trying to hook me up wth his friend .. lol , she sounds nice :] 
BLAH !! 
went to work at 4 am yesturday , got off at 330 pm went to bed at 5 didnt wake up till now , 6 am .. that was the best 13 hour sleep ever ! Time to catch some more hours ;) 
i wish i was free .. oh well , soon enough i guess . 
i need to find a better tone to wake up to , i really want to go back to sleep . 
sometimes we see the things thrown our way , other times we dont . Its not only what you do with it , that matters , but also how you react to it . 
BSM class in the morning .. ugh , kill me . 
i think its funny how most people label me as something before they even know me . Example , i work at mcdonalds so i must be stupid .. um wrong . How ? I probably get better benifits and get payed alot better than most . Plus the owner controls 12 stores along 95 and all around < PROPFEMALE > . 
high ho high ho , its off to work i go .. can anyone say overtime this week ? I can , OVERTIME !! :D 
\intelligence plus character- that is the goal of true education . \"" 
i want to get a big bowl of trix and eat it half asleep right now :P 
If you know 912-272-3599 let me know who it is . Punks woke me up at 1 am and just < PROPMALE > up ! Im pissy right now , no one should do that . 
having class is like having a day off , except im at hq and not at home :( 
Wow , i am going to love my overtime fat check next friday :D . the sleep deprevation is a < PROPMALE > bummer though . 
going to sleep , just to wake up at 3 to be in at work on my day off , lol , the life of a manager is nice . 
tired , tired , tired 
gotta love raisin bran crunch late at night 
time to chillax 
My fingers feel like they are all locked up , especially my pinky ... stupid pinky 
As i lay down to sleep , time will pass , the sun will rise , my day will start anew . No drama or care from the day before will effect my outlook or mood . 
$85 dollars for running a red light ?? lol i didnt even see the light b/c i was turning left , behind an 18 wheeler . oh well . what can you do , cops always right , right ?? 
Recieved my manager's uniform today !! Im < PROPFEMALE > happy , now i am an official manager , plus the store is looking good :P 
im always on the lookout for better paying jobs . if you know of a job paying more than 8.75 let me know :) .. kinda want out of retail/restaurant biz . 
if someone set you up and had you put in jail , which you later recieved the death penalty , would you forgive them ? 
the reason why the church has no power like it use to , and people have no true fear in god , is because when we were young , they tought us how to be religious , and not how to be relatious . Its not about being a babtist or catholic , its about knowing jesus , and building up your relationship with him . Disect the bible , and you'll find the meaning of being a true christian ! 
wow , what a day , what a day 
time for bed , work in the am :P 
103 kickoff return to start the 2nd half off !! Yeah < PROPMALE > !! 
kickoff return for a td , than a punt blocked , and a rushing td ... all in less than 3 minutes into the 3rd ! 
what a second half ! 41-14 final . Pats pumble dolphins 
class 2 of bsm this morning , all i can say is 630 is waayyy to early to catch breakfast >.> 
recieved my bsm diploma :D 
excited because im excited about being excited . 
so i must have a pretty bad virus , i did a avg scan but still cant get online .. i am going to have to set it to manufactured settings :( 
my computer is dead , rest in peace :( 
i love you :D 
anyone know how to uncompress a ntsf file for a computer ?? 
ok , so my computer is back from the dead ... dont ask how ... but it says that it is incapable of internet . 
good times ?? NO , GREAT TIMES !! 
sooo , yeah . I just realized i am the only male manager at my store >.< . To many females make for a headache .. 
had one of the best dreams i have had in a long long time . Wish i could get back to it . 
why do people hate the patriots so much ?? Is it cuz they can find a way to win even will no name talents or is it b/c they have been afc east champions 11 out of 13 times ?? 
why cant i sleep , i have to be up at 3am and not remotely tired >,> 
I love being who I am and not ashamed . Not going to change for a girl or friends .. im me and thats that . Sorry for giving you false hope on your ideas of what you want me to be . 
woot .. yet another 4am shift on a 6 day work week .. im ready for payday . 
sleeeeep . Cant wait till friday . Only a 630-230 shift is in my way till payday and my only day off ... 
thinking i need a haircut . 
so dont want the water park to open up next summer . 
did i miss something important ?? 
so my phone is back up . Bout time . 
getting a dog :) 
that was a nice christmas party i guess . 
loves the hypocrocy this time of year ... no not really . 
work was worse than anything i could ever imagine . Atleast the pats clinch afc home field advantage ; one great note on a crappy day . 
almost 21 . Fatigued , drained , mentally and physically pooped , and still cant go to sleep . Have to be up at 3am for work also . 
next week , jets at pats . Should be a good showdown . Cant wait . 
i love being a hired assassin . Im 1 with the shadows , a deadly jacky < PROPFEMALE > type of figure . 
dont feel like work today . Trying to get a job detailing air planes , hope i get it . 
2 4am shifts here i come ! 
uncle < PROPFIRST>'s sour cream and onion flavored chips are amazing 
what a day , what a day , what a day . 
getting my taxes done , waiting in the lobby ... fun . 
17 and a half hour work day [ 7am-12am ] .. ugh . Tired . 
to say people dont change is like saying fast food is healthy ... Even if someone did drugs on a regular back in high school , it doesnt mean they are into it now . 
145 dollars for a ticket ... ugh . nothing i cant take care of , just makes me mad . 
< PROPFEMALE > , i am 130lb . i < PROPMALE > my bench at 130 , almost made 140 . not the best but for a skinny person like me , its not all that bad . 
Love thi'sl , his music is awsome !! 
worked out before work , now im ready to go ! 
wow , what a night 
just woke up , last night was one of my worst closings i have ever had . I hope that tonight is much more different . 
dont know if i have to be at work at 5 or 7 tomorrow .... :/ 
sooo .. 75 dollars for a 2 day 6 hours course or defensive driving . made the first one , but was 10 minutes late for the second . I blame traffic for them not letting me in . Now i have to fork up another 75 . 
really dont want to work today . oh well , my day will come when i can just cus a customer out and walk away .. i would love to do that !! 
fun times ahead if i dont say so myself 
Well i continued to apply for jobs today . < PROPFEMALE > ports , Publix , and gulfstream . any other ideas ? 
tough times dont last but tough people do . 
what a rough night , tomorrow will probably be the same :( 
i want a job were i enjoy going to work , this is far from it ... 
what a great day i had , the customers were super nice , a cop pulled me over and gave me a lovely piece of paper , and found out my game i bought doesnt like my computer .... like i said , a great day .. anyone have a reset button ?? I could use one right about now . :'( 
how can i not fall asleep ???? Im so extremely drained and i have to work in less than 8 hours :( 
pulled an all nighter , that wasnt hard at all :P . My taxes are finally all done , close to 1200 back :) 
first sign of sleep in 28 hours , i could go on for 24 more , but i work in the am :\\ 
drug test tomorrow , than i get the job ... the only thing left is to make a tough desition about mcdonalds ... should i stay or should i go ?? 
1 word ....... RIFT !!! Absolutely amazing ! 
so many thoughts about work , i hate it and love it all at the same time . In the end , its up to me . What i do these next few days will change what i do for a while . Warehouse and possible layoff a few months later or McDonalds and a career 10 years from now . I need to dig alot deeper before my final call , need to make it before friday though . 
