WAKE UP nvm i forgot wat i was gonna tell you . 

Holla Back Please people im so bored tlk to me tlk to me tlk to me 
< PROPFEMALE > Bopo Im A Robot < PROPFEMALE > boop boop < PROPFEMALE > p 
\Lucky im in love in every way . Lucky to stay here were ive stayed . Lucky to be coming home someday\ " Lucky ( < PROPFIRST > Mraz And Colbie Calliat ) " 
I Live in the Future so My Present is My Past 
Hey yall :D Wat is love ( bobbing head ) baby dont hurt me dont hurt me no more . 
hahahahahaha < PROPFEMALE > no maybe idk no .......... .... ..... ...... yea no 
Wooowyou kno you crazy hmm idk wat im talkin bout 
Just ate subway footlong in under 7 minutes im awesome . ( and still hungry ! ) 
Just remembered tha ican doa tornado kick its not great all the time but if i do it right it feels like im flying 
Boredem is a very boring thing . 
Hi . Man i wish i was with her but im not so thats makes me very angry/sad but im tlkin to her so im calm 
Woooo ( porcupine from the movie chicken little ) 
Did you kno its celebrity photo look-a-like week < PROPFIRST > you should get < PROPFEMALE > from Tokyo drift 
Not tired ( i think ) wow idk random things dont rly have anything to say 
\Tell me how u love me more And how u think Im sexy baby That u don't want nobody else U don't want this guy u don't want that guy \"" 
So tired butcant go to sleep NEED TO EAT 
Weird-ed my right eye is giving me depth perception issues idk y 
Some ppl are just weird ( including me ) so holla if your one to . 
Man im lovin life right now its weird . really missin someone thay know who they are . hi you 
my whole life has changed Since you came in I knew back then you were that special one I'm so in love so deep in love you make my life complete you are so sweet no one competes glad you came into my life you blind me with your love with you I have no sight - Differences by Ginuwine 
Everything is getting weird all of a sudden . ( im scared :O ) jk haha :P 
Wow Im bored i wanna go somewhere like a movie anybody wanna join me ? pweeeeaaaaassssssseeeeeee :D 
I see dead computer . ( haahaha ) inside thing 
Q the totally and completely awesome one and Mikala the smexy one make the greatest friend spies ever 
Listen top the Samuri < PROPFIRST > theme song best theme song ever 
I feel great which is weird to me 
Yeah its rainuingmy favorite type of weather it makes me feel relaxed 
At < PROPFIRST > bored can't wait till Keshawn track meet 
About to work out and then to justins i go its gonna be phat not like fat but phat . :P 
Buuurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr Ahhhh Ah ima bird 
Just met a girl shes cool wow it was so random and a long story . 
Rain I love it in everyway only because , it cries out for me when i cant for myself . The tunder shows my pain on the inside . Its calm and relaxing drips take me away to another place . of no worries but is invaded by love of two , yet i cant stop it , like a parasite it invades my brain until the day . That day when the lightning strikes me . Freedom from this creul world I will have , yet fallen in despair i am . 
NEVER GO TO LEMONPARTY . ORG iITS HORRIBLE AND WILL SCARE YOU FOR LIFE 
Hey yo yo yo wat it do !! I love my life im < PROPFEMALE > . 
Weirdness . Holla at me playboy . My day was AWESOME !!! how was yours 
Its raining again this is awesome and now for a poem . ( no im not gay im passionate ) let the flowers bloom tonight let the night be cleansed by it . knowing no bounds . i love its touch it loves mine . i long for it everyday at here tonight it came . 
As the day goes by boredem catches my eyes . It seem i need her and im thinking of her constantly . my boredem wont fade but why . is it because her love is the only thing making me happy . why must i feel this way ? 
Bored bout to get outside walk around a little . ( ever dated a lack guy . no . you want to ) inside joke 
Haha sooooo kinda bored hit me up if you are to Hint : my number is in the info 
Srry ppl who instant messaged me i went outside but forgot to log out of my facebook im and idiot :D 
Boring is the word to describe my summer headin off to EKU tomorrow hopily in the 3 weeks im there somethin cool is gonna happpen 
Goin 2 EKU for three weeks starts 2day gotta be there by 1:30 probably leavin home by 12:45 after 1:30 call minhs phone to tlk to me ( 859)396-6121 :D 
Sup havin fun so not suppose to be on here }: D 
Yes im still at EKU :) 
Did Anyone put my jerkin vids from eku on here 
I just waitin for a specific day , to go to a specific occasion , for a specific person , and its gone b fun 
Goin to my aunts house . My internet went haywire for the passed days but now im good . Sux tht i couldnt be somewhere . :( 
Just gotback from my aunts but the phones dead sux !! 
Uhhidk wat to rly say lol . i've been misin ppls , kinda angry , but rly confused . i gotta figure out some things . 
Rate Me : 1 . random , 2 . Babe , 3i'dMarryYuu , 4 . Sweet , \ 
5 . Beautiful , 6 . Talkative , 7 . Hot , 8 . Fit , 9 . Funny , 10 . Moody , \ 
11 . PerfectType , 12 . I LoveYuu , 13 . MissinYuu , 14 . Gorgeous , 15 . Strong , \ 
16 . TheBest , 17 . Awesome , 18 . The Best Ever , 19 . Crazy , 20 . Sporty , 21 . Sexy , \ 
22 . Cute 
IM bored i wanna be somewhere other than my house 
Bored ... sittin at home on the xbox 
At my aunt house really wish i cld be at you kno where though ... haaaa .... i miss her 
Happy causse im suppose to go bowlin yet sad cause she cant come oh whells 
Man am i bored for everyone goin to station high orientation is tomorrow well actually today if you wanna get technical about it but its at 7 pm 
Schools in to days . Im happy yet sad 
I feel weird me and everyone should know who didnt rly do anything except hug which rly sux 
im feelin bad but hope my b-day tomorrow helps me feel better 
Movies are AWESOME !!!! 
I rly hope this is gonna work 
I hate my computer 
EPIC FAIL on my mission 
Its alwayz boring 
Goin out on a limb 
Movin a little slow on the mission . sux !! 
Happy Halloween cant wait for < PROPFIRST > Helsing to come on . 
Does anyone know how long the annotated timeline has to be for a.p. world civ 
I just wanna cut that n*ggas nuts off !!!! hahaha 
Jepordy :\ 
q : Does boredm really control my life as much does ? \ 
A : What is hell yea 
Havin a good day supposed to go bowlin today then the day wld be perfect 
watchin Taken awesome movie ! 
Got hacked my me ; < PROPFEMALE > Nguyen !!! =P 
Apparently your zodiac signs doesnt have to change but now im a virgo(old zodiac)/leo(new zodiac ) 
Just got back from an awesome birthday party , but i think i lost my voice hahaha 
Hey Everybody its < PROPMALE > Mecks birthday today also 
The stupid phone company forgot to send us our < PROPMALE > so right < PROPMALE > no phone for me this sucks 
I passed out on my new bed cause it feels so good . We bettert gget this pizza !!!! 
Me and my bro are buying shoes now check this out we have 100 dollar limit whats better 1 great pair of shoes for 100 dollars or three pairs of okay one for 100 
