I made it to byu Idaho ! I'm all settled in to my apartment now . Any of my friends still here give me a call ! 425-239-3527 

I got a job ! I drive a pea harvester . 
I have life gremlins ! 
just published a bunch of mission pics 
I am looking for work again ! 
I'm looking for a car for or under $1000 
I got a job ! I'm a fry cook at < PROPFIRST>'s Burger Stop off exit 212 at the shell station . Not the most glorified position but it's a job . 
I got accepted to BYU-I ! YAY but now I need someone to show me how to register for calsses and get financial aid because I don't know how . 
I can't find anything on the stupid college website ! GRRR I hate technology ! Some one who knows how to register and crap needs to help me ! 
Finallly got financial Aid figured out !! Should hear back in a couple of days . 
Im going to go look for another job ! Wish me luck ! 
Can't wait to move !!!!!! GAAAA !! 
Im bored . And life sucks . Hey thats my life story ! 
Why does college have to be so ! #@% EXPENSIVE !!! 
.......... do doodley do do feelin groovy ! ( < PROPMALE > and garfunkle ) 
To all who are curently at BYU ID . I'm checking out housing and would appreciate ideas or suggestions . Prefferably somewhere cheap but with good people . 
I quit my job as a fry cook because my manager is a freaking retard ! 
I'm bored 
I'm happy . I've been unemployed for less than a week and already have had two job interviews ! 
I've got a job ! I now work at Cost co ! 
Work is good . I'm getting really good at folding clothes . 
I'm so confused ! Someone help me with the class selections ! How many credits should I take ? Explain the whole semester thing . How many classes per semester . Someone who knows what to do come to my aid ! 
i am going to work soon . 
Ah payday ! MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY ! 
I need snow tires ! 
GEAAAAGH ! MURPHY'S LAW STRIKES AGAIN !! 
GAAAH ! Weishenme suoyou de ren zai wo de dancheng fen < PROPFEMALE > name < PROPMALE > ? Tamen dou shi xiang < PROPFEMALE > haizi ! Weishenme tamen zhi you neng jiang you guan huangse de dongxi ? Weishenme dang wo you yige ding < PROPFEMALE > , zhi hou na nuhai yizhi < PROPFEMALE > bimain wo erqie bu < PROPFEMALE > gen wo jiang hua ? 
Taiwan de jiaoyou dou shi bi meiguo de jiaoyou geng hao ! 
Wo yao zhu suoyou de ren zai wode dancgeng fenhui \ < PROPFEMALE > ki long bia ! \"" 
soooo bored 
YAY its money day ! 
Money makes the world go round there's no doubt about it . Who ever said it can't bring happiness has never lived with out it ! 
If you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops into your head . When you are finished , post this paragragh onto your own status ; you will be surprised what people remember about you 
\ slow down you walk too fast . You got to make the moment last ! just kickin ' down the cobble stone . looking for fun and feelin groovy ! \"" 
My voice is gone ! I sound like darth vader with throat cancer ! 
\ it's christmas at ground zero ! Sirens fill the air . What a jolly fluke we're going to get nuked on this jolly holiday ! \ " Jk this song is just stuck in my head . For all the government watch dogs who patrol the internet looking for key words DON\ " T ARREST ME ! It's just a song ! " 
Hey to my taiwanese friends . Does anyone know a good recipie for baozi ? 
AVATAR IS AMAZING !!! 
4 days til I move to Idaho ! 
Goodbye 2010 , hello 2011 ! 
packing and getting everything ready for the long drive to rexburg on monday . 
sad day . I'm at home all by my lonesome . 
Had mandarin class to day and it was good . 
say toy boat ten times fast ! 
blast simplified characters ! They are sooo hard to read ! Sounds silly eh ? I know . but it's true ! 
At swing class I learned the shim sham shuffle and the lindey hop ! Also Taken is a completey amesome movie ! 
Sad day . I accidently erased all the music on my mp3 player ! 
had my last choir performance for the barbershop festival . Don't have to perform again til tuesday when Elder < PROPMALE > comes for devotional . 
had my forks stolen , they were returned in a cake . 
watched over the hedge . Awesome movie . 
Ugh ! My writing foundations class makes me want to take an anti-depressant ! 
blah 
If I were a < PROPMALE > man , hidle diddle didel dum , if I were a biddy bidyy < PROPMALE > , idle diddel didel idle man . 
So valentines day , aka , singles awareness day is less than two weeks away . Bah , worst day of the year ! Nothing like a day of of pink hearts , chocolates , and flowers to make you feel like crap ! What sadistic jerk came up with this holiday ? 
hmmm how droll . 
gaa im < PROPFEMALE > bored ! 
I think a spider bit my ear ! 
hah I beat the rubicks cube in 1'38\! " 
I like pie . 
So my little netbook slipped into a coma last week . Today it finaly died . Sad . 
so yeah had a good day . 
Im soooooooooooo bored ! My eyes half closed , my jaw is slack , Im lying here upon my back . My mind is empty , and all I see are the infinite depths of insanity . 
Im so confused ! 
valentines day sucks 
wo jiu xiang ba wode xin cong wode shenti nachulai ren hou diu zai di shang ! 
yay im passing all my classes with a b- average ! 
I have a strange craving for a hotdog right now . 
So I dont know when it happened , but someone took all my dvds ! 
All right movie bandits , what do you want from me !?!?!?? 
I hope I get my movies back soon . 
Ah crap . My car got booted . I cant even buy food for myself how the heck am I supposed to pay a $40 fine ? Oh and who ever has my movies I would really like them back now . 
Well , today can only get better from here . 
Ha ha ! Dogs and laser lights ! 
Well my dvds are still not back . Its been a week now , so the police were notified of the theft . Hopefully I will get them back because my collection was worth a couple of hundred dollars and are the most valuble possesions I own . 
A positive attitude is your umbrella through the rains of life . 
So apperantly you can get a migrane in your neck , to be more specific your corotid artery and jaw . 
Wow , my DVD's were just returned ! That's a huge relief from my stress . I will tell the police that they were returned and that they don't need to follow up . 
albertson's cola+choclate chips+apple cobbler = amazing hyperactive sugary energy rush ! 
Criminal Minds it the best show ever ! 
My year < PROPFIRST > is next week !..... Weird . 
Just finished a concert for mens choir . My voice is tired ! 
Yay it's friday ! Which means the weekend is almost here ! 
my social security card came today ! Now I can sell plasma and get some cash ! 
sooo bored ... 
Math it the devil 
Yay , I gots moneys ! 
Well , tomorrow I'll have been back in the USA for 1 year . Today I gave plasma , and man did it hurt ! Blast my < PROPFEMALE > veins ! 
I feel like there's an ADD squirrel in my brain playing hopscotch and eating pie ! 
Oye , after three tests , and eight hours of homework the squirrel that was playing hopscotch in my brain is now twitching after being run over by a car . 
Ah saturday ............. ok im bored now , anyone want to play Risk or do something funner than doing nothing ? If so text me ! 
soooooooooooooooo , booooooooooooooooooooooooooooooorrrrrrrreeddddd !!! 
Anyone up for Risk this week ? 
Gladiator is one awesome movie ! 
I can't wait for spring break ! 
stupid asthma ! 
I'm sitting here on the couch , in the dark , on facebook again , with nothing to do , wondering if there's anything going on tonight while my room mate plays red hot chile peppers in the background . Sigh , my life is average . 
Life should have come with an instruction < PROPMALE > , like \life for dummies\ " or something . " 
today has been on the crummy side of blah ! 
\the greatest hell is to be surrounded by ambivilance . \"" 
Sometimes your day just flat out sucks ! 
About to start watching die hard 4 . Nothing like violence and watching large explosions to make a bad day same better . If anybody wants to comeover and watch it they are welcome to . 
Today is a good day . I'm getting my math class , had a test in american foundations and rocked it ! Im listening to < PROPMALE > and garfunkle ( one of the greatest bands ever ! ) and about to go home and eat homemade taco < PROPFEMALE > . 
Well its friday again , the one night with extended cerfew ! Anyone want to do something tonight ? If so text me or something . 
Ok , looks like another fun filled night with my good friends Me , Myself , and I . ( this is so lame , I really need to get better friends ) . 
Hmm .... 
Breakfast burritos are amazing 
Anyone else think the new registration system is dumb ? Cause I do it's freakin gay ! 
Well what da ya know , I just learned how to play Kenye West's Heartless on my guitar . 
I be po ' but I be happy . 
???? 
swing dance is awesome 
anyone up for ultimate frisbie on saturday ? 
I need a job 
I love taco < PROPFEMALE > ! 
yay sunshine and ultimate frisbie ! 
Just finished a research paper for American foundations on WA government representatives . Why are most government officails sneaky and dishonest ? 
my brain hurts 
Just recieved my chinese war movie Red < PROPMALE > . It looks freakin SWEET ! Anyone want to watch it with me ? 
Yay Ice cream ! 
GAAAAAHGRRR ! I have to do a freaking academic research paper for english that will either help me or someone else . We're three days into the project and I still don't have a freaking topic ! I don't have any questions that need research ! Anyone want to give me a subject to research ? 
Men's and womens choir will be singing the Brahms Requiem tonight at 7:30 at the snow buiding . Admission is 3 bucks it will be awesome ! 
anyone want to go see avatar with me tonight ? 
I am attempting to make mozzerala stuffed meatballs with a basic marinara sauce over spaggetti noodles . I've never made it before I just sort of thought up the recipe , but it should be amazing ! 
Ever been in a good mood just because you can ? 
ha ha ha ! 
supercalifragilustixexpialidoucious ! 
its 35 cent pop day ! 
quadratic equation word problems are the devil ! 
Im looking for a place to watch conference this weekend . If anyone has a tv with cable and doesn't mind me comeing over to watch it let me know . 
7:30 < PROPMALE > A , Come watch \The incredible Hulk\ " ( the new one that's actually good . ) Anyone who wants to come can come . " 
ah fetch ! 
Crap I left my keys at the library again ! 
What is this thing called boredome ? Is it a complete lack of external stimuli , or is it that what once held our intrest no longer does so ? Oh that dark oblivion of nothingness where in my mind doth wander and my gaze doth rest , is there no end to thy cruel expanse ? Oh joy , for alas thy power is but temporary , for on the morrow shall < PROPFEMALE > a new day , where upon if man doth apply himself shall shew him < PROPMALE > rewards . 
It took about 2 1/2 hours but I tuned up my car . Now < PROPFEMALE > ( thats my car's name ) is happy . 
Took my chinese final today . I think I got a B . Still have Book of Mormon , American foundations , and english to go . Should be done by tomorrow evening 
Done with finals !!! 
I leave for Utah monday morning , woo hoo ! ' Til then if anyone has time or wants to < PROPFEMALE > out let me know . 
Tomorrow I head down to Provo to visit my cousins who I haven't seen in years . I hope I don't get lost ! 
Played Laser tag with my cousins and their friends last night . It was a lot of fun , eventhough I'm not very good at it yet . 
Hey if any taiwan missionary friends want to have lunch tomorrow text me ! I'm in Provo for the break between semseters . My phone # is 425-239-3527 
Im back in Rexburg now . 
Why am I always hungry ? 
hey if anyone wants to watch < PROPFEMALE > trek 2(the old one ) it'll < PROPFEMALE > t at 8 tonight ! 
oh yeah my new phone number is 208 346 0153 , so don't call or text the old one 
< PROPFEMALE > Trek and youtube make for a fun evening 
First day of classes , oh joy . 
wasted 5 bucks and two hours at inight . 
What the %$#* ! I hate BYU-I ! I swear the people who run this place sit around all day tying to figure out ways to make student's lives harder ! What jerk designed the registration system anyway ? 
grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
this saturday im going to the < PROPFEMALE > if anyone wants to go . 
Just bought Avatar ! WooHoo ! 
Playing capital Risk and as usual I'm the first on eliminated . I didn't even get a second turn ! 
done for the day 
Avatar and pizza , can't go wrong . Anyone so inclined to be social and join us for the movie is welcome to do so . 
Today was an awesome sabbath 
Dear wind , YOU SUCK ! 
Mt . Dew typhoon is amazing ! 
oodalali oodalali golly what a day 
Stupid winter end already ! 
I miss Marysville 
well Rexbugers , looks like nature decieded to cancel spring and summer this year . We have partly cloudy skies on sunday , but it's supposed to rain/snow every day til the freaking 7th of may ! @#$&% ! 
Today is a good day 
Think positive , think positive .... 
why is a < PROPFEMALE > like a writing desk ? 
Is it possible to know something yet doubt it at the same time ? 
I got the power ! ( electrical that is ) 
Dear Rexburg , YOU SUCK ! 
going to see Iron-man 2 tomorrow ! 
I love it when my math teacher assigns homework that is filled with problems he never taught us how to solve ! Not really , it makes my want to smash my head into a cement wall . 
\here comes the sun \"!" 
I need to run more . I just ran 2 < PROPMALE > and I feel like I'm going to die ! 
Iron Man 2 is freakin AMAZING !! 
Don't judge a book by its cover , don't believe everything you hear , never act on assumptions , and always be ready to believe the best before you believe the worst about someone . 
ran like 3 < PROPMALE > oy I'm beat 
I just bought a BIG slab of meat ! Mmmmm .... steak . All hail the slaughter house ! 
Just got back from the clinic . Went there for a killer migraine which felt like all seven dwarfs were mining my skull , but now I feel better . Yay for doctors ! 
Hmmmmmm no classes ....... what should I do with my oodles of free time ? Should I : A ) be resposible and do homework , Or B ) Procrastinate my homework and rot my brain on video games until something more entertaining comes along . I choose B ! 
What great weather we have today . Perfect to spend it indoors watching a six < PROPFEMALE > wars movies ! 
Picnic+ sunning+friends+Star Wars = Good day 
\sunshine on my shoulders makes me happy ! \"" 
Time to start being responsible again . Therefore I shall use this time between classes to do homework instead of playing video games . 
Math is the devil . Especialy graphs they super-evil . Who ever said we needed to learn this is evil . 
GAAGH Evil has infested my shoulder ! Even now it mocks me and says \googleplex evo necumspaz\ " which in evil means \ " ha you will never use me again ! \"" 
Alas life is good . 
I love it when I guess on tests and get a good grade ! 
Drive-in movie+pizza+awesome people = one freakin sweet evening 
Life is good but sometimes it's just plain complicated . 
I'm befuddled 
??? 
I just stuffed my face with manly meat pizza and pepsi ! WOOHOO ! Now to finish off the evening with supernatural ! 
I need a vacation , good thing tomorrow starts a four day weekend . 
blah >:( 
Looking forward to leaving Rexburg behind over the memorial weekend ! 
Shot a shot-gun with out ear protection and now my ears are ringing like Quasimotto having hay day in the < PROPFEMALE > tower ! Hopefully it doesn't last long because having this anoying BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP in my skull will make me crazier than I already am ! 
Weekend was fun , shot guns , ate ribs , stayed up til all hours of the nigth watching man movies , and now it's time to go home to Rexburg . 
nothing like stroy problems and a math teacher that doesn't explain < PROPFIRST > to piss you off and ruin your day 
Ok so last night I didn't do my math homework because I thought I lost my math book . I looked everywhere and couldn't find it , however , this morning as i was getting ready for class I found it just lying in my backpack ! So now I have to spend the entireday doing math ! 
Grumble ... sometimes I just wake up on the wrong side of the bed . 
Mt Dew distortion is the best ! 
Has anyone seen my mind ? It wandered off and hasn't come home yet it's getting dark out and it's much too small to be out on its own . 
It's warm and < PROPFEMALE > today , hmmmm what to do with it ? 
Clouds are gay ! 
USA !!!! 
I'm going to take a nap 
To bad weekends have to end 
Ah life you never cease to confuse me ! 
Thunder storms are awesome ! It's about time we had some real rain , none of the sissy la la drizzle crap ! 
Yay I get to earn some moneys today ! 
Awesome end to an awesome day . 
Just learned how to play \breakeven\ " by the script on my guitar " 
Dear Math 101 , You suck ! You make me want to jab my mechanical pencil through my < PROPFEMALE > and then use that pencil to stir my brain around until it becomes mush . 3 hours I've wasted consulting every smart person I know while at the same time trying figure you out on my own yet still you remain an enigma of dark riddles . CURSE YOU ! 
I hate mondays 
To all women . \ 
If you get asked on a date and you are not interested , save the guy time , money , and a bruised ego by telling him no upfront . Trust me it's alot easier on us if you just say no rather than making us wonder what we did wrong when you ignore our texts and phone calls after the date . 
Strange day . In one of those moods where your in a good mood , but the smallest thing will set you off . 
I'm in a house full of people yet there are times like tonight when I still feel completly alone . 
I woke up this morning and wanted to throw up 
It's always good when your math test is easier than the homework you get to prepare you for it . 
Thanks BYU-I , I feel like a diabetic kid at a < PROPFEMALE > store ! 
Im so excited to get out of Rexburg for the 4th of july weekend ! 
I hate being patient . 
Back from an awesome weekend in Malad ! 
I need a job since I'm not going home to washington . If anyone knows of any openings let me know ! 
just learned how to play \eye of the tiger\ " on my guitar in less than half an hour ! " 
grumble .... mutter ... stupid friday ... grumble 
Awesome day today ! Played hide and glo seek at the civic defense caves and it was sweet ! 
I have fire crackers and nothing to blow up , sad 
GAAAGH , how am I supposed to look for work when math is consuming all my time ! 
Oye ! 2:24 am , just finished my Book of Mormon paper , so now I'm going to haul my tired carcas off to bed . Luckily I don't have to get up ' til 9am ! 
Have you ever found that someone dislikes you for no reason other than they hate your face ? 
Just finished my social dance final , and man my feet hurt ! The dance was good though , dancing with a live Big band makes a huge difference , it was awesome ! 
Ha I just learned how to play bon jovi's wanted dead or alive ! 
Ugggh , I feel sick , I'm never eating terriaky again ! 
I don't suffer from insanity . . . I enjoy every minute of it ! HAHAHAHAHAHA ! 
It is so freakin hard to find a job here ! Everyone requires 3 years of expereince and a freaking degree just to work at some menial , unskilled job like a pizza place ! 
Well , I leave on friday or saturday . 
Come friday morning I set out for home and won't be coming back to Rexburg til at least January . 
My schedule has been advanced so now I'm leaving for WA tomorrow morning . 
I've been home for about 4 days now . It's been good seeing my family , but I'm missing my rexburg friends . 
Im on the hunt ! 
The job hunt goes well . I have several leads but nothing promising yet . If anyone knows someone who has some general work and odd jobs done around their property let me know cause I have no money and need to pay my cell < PROPMALE > . 
I gots a job ! YAAAY ! I work in the deli at a grocery store . 
Watch < PROPFIRST > Beck tonight and you will learn stuff about our history that you will be suprized you never knew ! 
Got PAYED !!!! Now I can use all my moneys to start paying my debts . 
Working in a fried chicken store .. mmmmm .. greasy ! Not reall mmmmmm , now the smell of fried chicken makes me sick to my stomach ! 
Watched < PROPFIRST > Beck and now realize we're doomed until the second coming . 
wow , these next four months are going to be really long . 
Got payed , now I spend it all on bills . woohoo . 
So on tv I watched a real samurai cut a BB in half with his sword as it was fired at him from a gun 70 feet away and moving over 200mph ! it was awesome ! 
YAY MONEY ! 
So my family just moved to an even more rural part of town where we get no cell receptioin at all ! so if you want to get a hold of me call my home phone at 360-629-2966 
So yesterday we went back to our old house to get some more stuff to move . When I walked into my room there were two bums in there who had been smoking and who had stolen almost all of my coin collection to spend on beer and ciggarettes ! They also stole my < PROPMALE > song book . Thieves suck ! 
Looking for a good but inexpensive sound system for my car . anyone got any ideas ? 
Just printed off the guitar tabs for Ozzy's Crazy Train . This will be an epic undertaking to try and learn this song and play it well ! 
I've been fixing up my car , put in new carpet and seat covers , pulled a nice stereo from the junk yard and have no idea how to put it in . 
Is there anything going on in WA for halloween ? I checked the WAYSAC website and couldn't find anything . So if any washingtonians know of any halloween dances or stuff like that let me know ! 
ate a ton of chinese food and now Im stuffed to the brim . don't thinl I'll eat again til monday ! 
So there's a halloween dance in Bellvue on saturday , I have no idea where but if anyone knows and wants to carpool down let me know ! 
Stayin at Somerset apartments for winter semester 
Just watched toy story 3 , split my sides laughing , especially with the watch monkey ! HA Monkeys are the bomb ! If you want to entertain a guy just show him a monkey ! 
Everyone watch < PROPFIRST > Beck tonight . You need to hear what he's going to say . The continuity of our freedom and way of life may depend on it . Americans can no longer remain ignorant on the issues if will be addressing . You have nothing to lose but am hour of your time . If you don't we stand to lose a lot more . 
Registered for classes today . I'm taking 14 credits , most of which are history realted classes so I'm probably going to be a reclusive book worm for most of winter ! 
Got my car fixed , now just biding my time , and learning new songs for my guitar . 
\ We have nothing to fear but being unprepared . \"- Glenn Beck " 
Thankfull i have a job to report to on thanksgiving day . 
GAAGH ! Im so sick of the slow internet at the library ! Can't wait til my laptop gets here ! 
I gots a new computer ! WOOHOO ! 
I thought that it was a weird coincidence when all my shirts and coats started getting too short , then I measured myself and found out a recently grew . This is weird because I haven't grown in 7 years ! 
Thanks for the happy birthdays from everyone ! 
Im bored 
Just watched an awesome documentary called Lost civilizations of north < PROPFEMALE > . If you want to know things about the native < PROPFEMALE > ns that will blow your mind and strengthen your conviction of the Book of Mormon you need to watch this movie ! you can buy it for $20 at lostcivilizationdvd.com 
signed up for the colligiate choir . Now I am registered for 16 credits . I am going to be busy busy busy ! 
Gaagh ! The internet is sooo useless ! All I want to do is watch Supernatural and it keeps makes you think you can but you can't , its a wild goose < PROPMALE > ! 
only 3 weeks left til college ! WOOHOO , that means only 3 weeks of frying chicken left ! 
Right now I am wishing that BYUI offered a blues/bluegrass guitar class . But no , all they have is a stuffy classical guitar class . 
working on learning to play \man of constant sorrow\ " . It is really complex . " 
manah manah ! 
Spent five and half hours writing a song arrangement , and I'm still not done ! 
Trying to pay my traffic ticket but the internet is stupid . 
making the manly toaster manlier before I make the exodus back to the burg ! 
blah , I feel sick ! 
Happy Jesus day ! 
one more week then it's back to Idaho ! Looking forward to seeing friends and not working with raw chicken ! 
for men to repent they must know truth and be warned about what consequences are coming . If the truth or knowledge of consequence is with held from them how can they repent ? 
????????? 
I will be at somerset 101 , so feel free to drop by ! I will be in rexburg by 9pm tomorrow ! 
I's in rexburg ! 
First day of classes , and they were awesome ! 
day 2 of classes and already math makes me want to drop kick a lamb ! 
you know what I can't seem to understand ? You can find how to books on witch craft and black magic in the BYU-I library but you won't find a single caffienated beverage anywhere on campus ! 
grr , someone stepped on my mp3 player during my dance class , now I have to get a new one . 
ahh , nothing like a lesson on communism , and man bashing to ruin your good mood ! 
I just ate a grilled bacon and cheese sandwhich .. mmmmm ... calories ! 
uggh , I hate being sick ! 
Uggh , I think Im going to die ! 
fever finaly broke , but still hacking up a lung . 
went to the ER last night cause I couldn't breathe . Im hopped up on meds so now i can breathe . 
I'm feeling better . 
Why do we pay proffessors if we're supposed to teach oursleves the material ? 
Here are a couple of philisophical questions for ya . Are we born with inherent knowledge and abilities or are we simply the product of our environment , and opportunity ? Are we empty vessles to be filled , or are we already full and it is simply a matter of discovering what we are filled with ? 
my guitar string broke NOOOOOOOOOOOO ! 
I want some fried chicken ! 
stupid internet has been down all day so I'm just barely starting my homework ! 
I need to learn a new song for my guitar , preferably one that is in my vocal range as well . 
I have a 21 < PROPFEMALE > reading assignment .... thank goodness for Mt . Dew ! 
Im going to go run until I'm numb in both body and mind . 
Lookin forward to swing night 
tired , sore , and disconbobulated . 
Mt . Dew and sour skittles , now that's what I call brain food ! 
Ballroom tonight . 
done with homework for today ! WOOT ! Now I can do fun stuff . 
Taco and game night with my awesome fhe family ! 
just learned drift away by the doobie brothers ! 
I hate technology 
\give me the beat boys and free my soul I want to get lost in your rock and roll and drift away . \"" 
I am full of biscuts and gravy and kiwi pancakes ! 
my brain is a fuzzy monkey playing brass cymbols and doing back flips . 
Einstien defined insanity as doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result , if that's the case then I belong in the nut house with a straight jacket and a padded cell ! 
bleh , think I'll stick with swing and ballroom dancing , regular dances are just noise and jumping ! 
you know math is evil when it takes 3 hours to do 20 problems ! 
worst case of insomnia ever ! 
I am tired and cranky cause I didn't fall asleep ' til 8 this morning and had to get up at 9 ! 
HA HA HA HA HA ! Mt DEW !!!!!! 
Equality and sameness are two different things . Bricks are the same , they are interchangeable and have no individual worth . Rocks are equal , they are unique , and each plays an important roll on our planet . It was of stones and not bricks that God commanded our ancestors to build alters . Someone may say that gold and river rock are not equal , but which of these killed the giant Goliath ? 
Uggg , my brain is mush ! 
Stuffed myself with food , blew cupid's head off with a black powder revolver , and now I'm watching jurasssic park . Today is good ! 
Talked about the mcdonaldization of society in sociology , now I want mcdonalds ! 
Ouline done , now to begin my 7 < PROPFEMALE > paper for church history that's due tomorrow ! 
Took me 9 hours , but I got my mid term paper done . I just hope I get a decent grade ! 
Im a scary person , A BOOGA BOOGA BOOGA ! Careful I might just eat you soul ! 
Ha I win ! 
excited to go to provo for the weekend ! WOOHOO its not Rexburg ! 
just got back from an awesome weekend in provo with my cousins and their friends . Got lost on the way back and almost ended up in twin falls , but made it back . 
ughh , home work . 
Oh higher math how I HATE thee ! Thou accursed Satanic thing ; thine only purpose is to deprive me of sleep and sanity ! Wist thou wast plain and simple unto mine understanding , but nay , thou < PROPMALE > a child of hell and difficult to comprehend ! 
Had a good day . Went to Famous < PROPMALE>'s BBQ and ate some amazing ribs , then went to Green Canyon hot springs with some good friends . 
Just learned \God's gonna cut you down\ " by < PROPFIRST > Cash . This song rocks my socks ! " 
is experiencing a paradigm shift . 
went swimming now I'm eating bacon pancakes ! 
Tired from lap swimming but it's a feel good tired . 
Hmm funny , apparently even the possibility of a date scares the living bejesus out of girls ! Careful , I haven't had my rabbies shot yet and if ya get too close I'll bite ! BWAHAHAHAHAHA ! 
Hot springs and applebees = a good saturday ! 
Why am I up this late ? 
Had a dream where me and my roomates were in a pro football game against Russia . During half time one of the Russians gave < PROPFIRST > Sorensen , our best tackler , a concusion so he couldn't play . I found the guy and smashed his skull into a concrete pillar ! 
Gettin ready to go to my guitars unlpugged audition ! 
Find out tomorrow or friday morning if I made it on guitars unplugged . 
Went to the < PROPFEMALE > today . First time since July of last year . Wow I need to go more often ! 
Well , my paradigm has stopped shifting , and I'm seeing things from a different perspective . Learned some important things about myself , my relationship with God , and those around me . 
\He who is not a master of himself is a master of nothing . \"" 
I need to find a fun 1 credit class for next semester , anyone have any ideas ? 
waking up early to register is a waste of time . 2 hours and i still haven't been able to register for any classes ! 
Registered for History 201 and 300 . English 201 , Origins of the Universe , Family foundations , and advanced swimming ! 
just learned Tennesse Line by < PROPFIRST > Daughtry . 
decided I'd try and write a song . Got the first verse and chorus penned out so far . 
SUSHI !!! 
took a three hour nap , weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ! 
Saturday is the big band formal dance . It will be awesome ! There will be a live big band playing various ballroom and swing music . Vintage costume is recommended . vintage is 20s-50s style clothing . \ 
If ever you go to a dance this year , this is the one to go to ! 
Last year the plasma center gave me permanent nerve damage in my left arm . Every so often it acts up and sends pain shooting through my arm like it is today . 
tired , stressed , and a little cranky . 
Sometimes I feel like the shirt in the back of a closet that you never wear but don't want to throw out because it's a \nice shirt . \"" 
Nothing like a big steak to put you in a good mood . 
The Eagle , pool , < PROPFEMALE > pong and awesome people make for a good friday night ! 
Math is befuddling . Anyone feel like helping me out on my homework ? Cause I am hoplessly confused ! 
Makin my own religion for sociology . 
MAAAAAAATTTTHHHH ! * pop * , I think I just blew out a brain cell . 
Went to an awesome re-creation of a 30's swing club . 
So the president promised that no american boots would touch down on libyan soil . What he does do is send a small group of CIA agents to help coordinate attacks with the rebels . However , the agents are not allowed to wear boots ! 
Eureka ! I have finaly found a chord progression for my song ! Next step , come up with the vocal < PROPFEMALE > . 
Wow I have a short attention span ! Especially when it comes to studying for my math final . 
Stupid tonsels stop hurting ! 
Bleh , can't wait to blow this popsicle stand ! 
two finals down and two to go ! 
