there is light in my lady's house ... and there's none but some falling rain ... this like a spoken word ... she is more than her thousand names .... love is a fragile word .... thank God you see me the way you do .... 

“Music is enough for a lifetime , but a lifetime is not enough for music” 
have i found you flighless bird .... weeping .... or lost you ... 
For anyone that is a crazy < PROPMALE > Potter fan ... tonight on the channel ABC ( check your local listings ) @ 8:00 PM there will be a special on JK Rowling \A Year In The Life\ " for anyone wanting to watch it !! Enjoy ! " 
Come up to meet you , tell you I'm sorry You don't know how lovely you are . I had to find you , tell you I need you , Tell you I set you apart . Nobody said it was easy , It's such a shame for us to part . Nobody said it was easy , No one ever said it would be t 
Finished The Bean Tree's ... probably one of the best books I have ever read ... I have now officially completed summer reading !! :) 
at Berea ... dropping my sister off :(( it's going to be sad to leave her behind !!! 
You used to think that someone would come along . And lay beside you in the space that they belong . But the other side of the mattress and box springs stayed like new . What's the point of holding onto what never gets used ? 
I have to face the truth .. that no one could ever look at me like you do .. like I'm something worth holding on to .. these times I think of leaving .. but it's something I'll never do .. ' cause you can do better than me .. but I can't do better than you .. 
could connor's house be any more boring ???!!!! 
When the sun departs I feel a hole down in my heart .. put on some shoes come down here and listen to the blues ... wondering if anything will go right ... or will you dance with me tonight ... I’m looking at you you’re looking at me ... two broken lives working in < PROPFEMALE > ... might make for a decent time so get up and dance with me ... 
the family stone movie is a very compelling movie ... it makes me think differently about the way I could treat or love my family . We all need a kick-in-the-face sometimes to make us realize what truly is special to us . 
being sick can totally screw up everything !!!!! 
i am sick of being .... SICK !!!! 
things in my life are definitely going to start changing ... FOR THE BETTER !!! 
the sweet and beautiful sound of < PROPFEMALE > de Lune ..... 
Have I found you .... Flightless bird , grounded , bleeding or lost you , american mouth ... 
it was truly a \Walk to Remember \"......." 
I've been beaten down , I've been kicked around , But she takes it all for me . And I lost my faith , in my darkest days , But she makes me want to believe . They call her love , love , love , love , love . They call her love , love , love , love , love . She is love , and she is all I need . She's all I need . 
you got to love christmas music ..... 
is actually accomplishing some things ... 
just made no-bake cookies and about to eat them and watch a movie !! 
and i was your silver lining ... but now i'm gold . 
Some days her shape in the doorway Will speak to me A bird's wing on the window Sometimes I'll hear her when she's sleeping Her fever dream A language on her face or maybe as sure as tomorrow will come Some days , like rain on the doorstep , she'll cover me With grace in all she offers Sometimes I'd like just to ask her What honest words She can't afford to say , maybe as sure as tomorrow will come .... 
Now we're back to the beginning .... It's just a feeling and no one knows yet ... But just because they can't feel it too ... Doesn't mean that you have to forget 
writing my speech for KESDA !!! It's going pretty well !!! 
just because everything is changing .. doesn't mean that it's been this way before .. now we are back to the beginning .. it's just a feeling and no one knows yet .. and just because no one can feel it too ... doesn't mean we have to forget ... 
finaled today !! Kinda lol 
done with my rough draft for KESDA O.O !! YAY !! 
“You can’t describe great cosmic significance to a simple Earthly event . Coincidence . That’s all anything really is , nothing more then coincidence . There are no miracles , there’s no such thing as fate , and nothing is meant to be ” -500 Days of Summer 
Figured out that the movie 500 Days of Summer is my favorite movie of all time !!! 
Summer : I love the Smiths . Tom : Sorry ? Summer : I said I love the Smiths . Summer : [ they stare at each other for a moment ] You ... You have good taste in music . Tom : [ repeating after her ] You ... like the Smiths ? Summer : [ singing ] To die by your side , such a heavenly way to die . I love em . Tom : Holy shit . 
had a good day today !!! :)) 
just ran for a while ... feel accomplished !! 
is loving the < PROPMALE > potter weekend on ABC Family !!! 
now we're back to the beginning ... it's just a feeling and no one knows yet ... just because they can't feel it ... doesn't mean that you have to forget .... 
Well youre the closest thing I have To bring up in a conversation About a love that didn't last . But I could never call you mine . Cause I could never call myself yours . And if we were really meant to be , Well then we justify < PROPFEMALE > . Its not that our love died . Just never really bloomed . 
so the girl < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , from American Idol , has a facebook and official fan < PROPFEMALE > !! And she'll talk to you and stuff !! Pretty neat !! You should check out her < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Spring Break seems like Heaven right now !! Thank Jesus it's finally here ... hopefully it'll be the slowest week of my life !! 
pen and paper could do me some good right now .... 
i'm just sayin .... 
is Free Fallin ' 
thanks to someone .... and I hope they know who they are ... I have finally realized some things ... 
je t'aimais ... je t'aime et je t'aimerai .... 
quoi que tu fasses , l'amour est partout ou tu regardes 
Love is the emblem of eternity : it confounds all notion of time : effaces all memory of a beginning , all fear of an end . 
I have accomplished everything I needed to this weekend !!! What a lift off my shoulders !!! 
Now we're back to the beginning ... It's just a feeling and no one knows yet .... But just because they can't feel it too ... Doesn't mean that you have to forget ... 
will be the greatest fan of your life . 
est la < PROPFEMALE > de lune .... 
Can't put this book down !!!! 
oh how I love babysitting . 
is officialy stuck when it comes to trying to write his speech for Forensics !!!! 
got it together and figured out the rest of the speech !! I'm very happy !! 
thinks there is nothing like a Coke and some Honey-BBQ Twisted Fritos !! 
loves She & Him !!! 
Just got out if the audition ... now the wait !!! 
is infinite . 
wow < PROPMALE > and Juliet ..... wow ..... 
says wake me , let me see the daylight , save me from this half-life , \ 
\ 
let's you and I escape .... escape from time . 
is leaving behind the half-life . 
“Even\ 
though we've changed and we're all finding our own place in the world , \ 
we all know that when the tears fall or the smile spreads across our\ 
face , we'll come to each other because no matter where this crazy world\ 
takes us , nothing will ever change so much to the point where we're not\ 
all still friends . ” 
Ohhh finals how I hate you !!!! 
loves checking out of school !!!! 
\So 
there is nothing like Cake and Coca-Cola for a morning breakfast !!! 
Glee can go a long way for all of us who may not be the \coolest\ " or the \ " most popular\ " . It goes to show that we are all awesome ... winners or losers !! We always win !! I think no matter what ... we should always be happy with who we are and screw the people who think other wise !! " 
loves tumblr.com < PROPFEMALE > much !!! 
Thinks Coca-Cola hits the spot !!! 
is heading off to the < PROPFEMALE > Michaelson concert !! Woot Woot !! 
thinks that < PROPFEMALE > Michaelson can put on a HELL OF A SHOW !!! SHIT THAT WAS AMAZING !!!!!! 
There is nothing like running at 9:30 at night to end the day !! But happy that i didn't pass out .... or get kidnaped !! 
Come on USA !!!!! 
Another nice run !! 
is done with < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland !! Praise Jesus !! 
OH MY GOD !!!!!!!!!!!!! OH MY GOD !!!!!!!!!!!! THANK YOU JESUS !!! U !!! S !!!!!! A !!!!! 
is in love with < PROPFEMALE > Michaelson !! She's quite amazing !! 
Shit . 
OH MY GOSH THE < PROPMALE > POTTER TRAILER !! OH MY GOSH !! AMAZING !!! 
thinks this is the best night .... in a long time .... 
there is nothing like listening to great music on the record player !! 
loves Coca-Cola !!! 
Two Frapuccinos is probably the best source of energy ever !!!! 
No one is going to love you more than I do .... Anything to make you smile is a better side of you to admire ... 
has found a new obsession for Band of Horses ! 
Why is it always me ?? Hahaha !! 
Is starting to get less and less out of shape and back into shape !! 
The town is gonna talk ... but these people do not see things through to the very minimal .... but what's it gonna cost to be gone ? 
this run went okay .... it needs to get better fast ... or i'll be dead in a week !! 
the movie Amelié is beautiful . 
I've grown too strong to fall back into your arms ... you lost the love i loved the most ... who do you think you are ? 
made some Puppy-Chow ... yum :) 
It's always easy to see the negative points in life . When in fact , the positive things outweigh the negatives . Things could be a lot worse . But making what counts really matter , should be the goal . Not sitting around pitting yourself . 
And I've always lived like this ... keeping a comfortable distance ... and up until now .. I've sworn to myself that I'm content with loneliness ... because none of it was ever worth the risk ... 
all my worries will be lost tomorrow at 9:22 . 9:23 is looking pretty good though . 
says nothing like a good morning run to start of this GREAT Friday !!! 
fun night ? yes , fun night ! 
already has plans to see < PROPMALE > Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1 twice in the next 48 hours !! It's going to be EPIC !! Can't wait !! 
< PROPMALE > potter and permit all in one day !! Great day !! 
both times of < PROPMALE > Potter and the Deathly Hallows was just great !! Spectacular film !! 
never realized how much late night runs could help ... 
< PROPMALE > potter for the third time !! 
i've got a secret or two hiding somewhere ... but it won't take long . it won't take long . 
Nothing like No Bake Cookies . Milk . Snow . And some Office !! 
Over pushing myself to finish this part\ 
I can handle a lot\ 
But one thing I'm missing is in your eyes 
\i wish you would've told you me you were going to be here today .. because i didn't clean up ... i invited some friends from upstate to eat salad .. so . \"" 
\his names allen .. guess where i found him ... under a tooth . well you know what they say ... lent is a shells best friend . \"" 
god love ya ... snow day :) 
i'm petitioning for another snow day !! haha !! 
Snow day !!! :)))))) 
the lord is blessing Danville Schools cause we be outs for two weeks and then some !! Praise Jesus !! 
no bake cookies + < PROPMALE > potter + NO SCHOOL = perfect day in a while !! 
\love is just a word until you find someone to give you the definition . \ " \ 
there is really nothing more hilarious than watching how ridiculous you and your sister's were growing up . Home videos couldn't be more entertaining and touching . Makes me realize how special my family is to me and how much they mean to me ! 
Christmas Music ! Nothin ' like it ! 
maybe the reason we don't want to grow up ... is because we don't want to know the bad things that were always kept from us . 
ahh ... the feeling after finishing a paper ! 
etudie = fini . probably not right . but who cares . 
had a fun , relaxing evening . Thanks HWF 
I nominated DANVILLE INDEPENDENT in the Schoole Awards . Nominate here : http://schoole.allofe.com/nominate?id=4864 
how I met your mother = greatest show . 
this is going to be legend .... wait for it ... DARY !! 
If I want to walk home with you ... Hearing every word , thinking it's true ... In a barren field for us to cut through ... Then turns to stop and see you ... All day ... long . 
nothing more beautiful and peaceful than piano . 
j'aime < PROPFEMALE > jour de neige . 
we might as well be strangers . 
Modern Family !!! 
