Has two things to look forward to- Mom coming home tomorrow , and the CONCERT on MONDAY ! People , please keep me awake at school on Tuesday , because I'm going to be a very tired ( and partially deaf ) person ! 

Is so excited for the concert tomorrow , it's hard to breathe . Although it's going to be hard on Tuesday , IT'S WORTH IT ! I can't WAIT !!!!!!!!! 
is sooooo ready for vacation in 1 hour ! YAY ! 
is going to Ithaca Bakery for another yummy sandwich . And then to Corning GlassWorks to make a glass sculpture ! Yay ! 
is very , very happy to have her new < PROPMALE > Brothers cd . All the songs are memorized now . We are going to take Dad to the GFA thingy-ma-jig at Ithaca College . 
is done with dinner and is reeeeaaaaaaaaaaaalllyyy full . :) 
is in JFK airport in NYC uing WiFi . Heading to SanFransico soon . 
is in Sacramento , California , visiting her Grandma . Wishes Kaela would call ... is sorry she missed Skippy's call . It's only 4:49 here ... feels like it should be almost 7 , or maybe almost 8 ( home time and New York time ) . 
Thinks she missed someone's phone call . Doesn't know who , apologizes , was visiting Grandpa in convulescent home . 
really wishes my bff Kaela would call . My cell is very unactive this summer . 
is in a bit of a shock that < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > died . 
kinda wants to go home ... I miss my kitties ! 
is listening to Demi's power-chord voice in here we go again . She's my #1 female pop icon ~<>~ 
:((( Granny's in the hospital . Flying home tomorrow instead of monday . 
ordered a custom pair of Converse today .... ha .... they're SOOOOO crazy and wacky ... can't wait to wear ' em ! 
is connected to WiFi in the Sacramento , CA airport and is going home soon , won't be there til ' around 11pm . 
is very very very sad . My Granny died today . 
is very happy and excited that < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting married to < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is getting ready to go to my Papaw's to stay a couple of nights ! Looking forward to movies and popcorn and my Papaw ! 
YAY !!! KAELA IS COMING OVER MONDAY ! AND DADDY CLEANED MY ROOM FOR ME !! * hehe * don't have to do it ..... 
is so very Xcited to have Kaela and < PROPFIRST > coming over tomorrow . 
feels like writing something . Don't know what . 
is sunburned . 
:( Mommy's sick ! 
feeling a headache coming on . 
think I'm sick . But not as bad as Skippy ! Please keep her in your prayers ! She left a message on my cell saying she has the flu , and it might be the H1N1 ( she didn't say ) because she is in an area where there is an H1N1 outbreak ! 
needs motivation to get up in the morning before 10 . 
AH ! 18 DAYS !! I CAN'T WAIT !! 
Concert in ... let's see ... 17 DAYS !!! AHAHAHAHAHAH I CAN'T WAIT ! MUAHAHAHAHA . 
URGGGGH . I JUST ( YES , JUST ! ) FINISHED MY STUPID STUPID IMPOSSIBLE ALGEBRA HOMEWORK ! Now , my back , neck and head hurt . Lovely . And they say math never hurts . 
XD 5 more days WAHHH I CAN'T WAIT !!! HAAAAAAHH ! 
I feel like taking new pictures and doing new photoshops . WAAAAHHH !! FOUR MORE DAYZZZZZZ ! 
I can't find DisneyChannel's \Send it On\ " ANYWHERE !! HELP ? " 
Awwww look at my < PROPFEMALE > Squeaky in my profile picture ! Isn't she just so cuuuuttee ? 
3 DAYS ! YAY ! 
Oh , dear ! < PROPFEMALE>'s having kittens . 
OMJ OMJ OMJ . THREE MORE DAYS UNTIL THE CONCERT !!! 
I just saved my house from a flood . 
Luvs kitties . 
Oh my goodness . My < PROPFEMALE > , Coug , came home , but it's obvious that someone trapped him and abused him because his skin in cut above his eyes . :( 
feels so very excited ! WWWWAAAAHHHHH LITTLE MORE THAN 24 HOURS UNTIL SEEING MY BELOVED < PROPMALE > . 
Wiped out from helping the cousins and Aunt < PROPFIRST > move . :P 
Thinks Skippy can be mean . 
:( 
AGENT P !!!! 
IS VERY STUFFED AND LOVES HER BOOK . 
Blughuhguhguhgughuhguhguhguhguhguhguhguhhhhh ............. I have a headache and algebra tomorrow . :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( 
Feels a slight sadness . 
Why ? Tried to turn on the TV to get you out of my head Feeling something deep inside that I just won't admit It's not like I don't wanna commit ( wanna commit ) I just don't now why I can't stop feeling like this Tell me Why ? Why ? Why ? Does it hurt so bad Tell me Why ? Why ? Why ? Does it make me mad Tell me Why ? Tell me Why ? Now I can see the storm's not gonna clear ( not gonna clear ) 
Four days until the light and love of my life turns 17 . Happy almost birthday , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! 
I am INCREDIBLY bored . 
Off to finish my ALGEBRA . Whoopeee . 
SIGH . Weekends are never long enough to enjoy . And I get to back to school tomorrow and find out the grade I got on my algebra test ( it's probably an F !! ) 
Three days until the love of my life turns 17 ! Oh , how the years have passed ! Happy almost birthday , < PROPMALE > ! AND NO COMMENTS HERE ! 
Sigh , sigh . School . 
Tomorrow is the greatest day of the year ! < PROPMALE>'s birthday ! 
Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > ! WOOOOO IT'S THE BEST DAY OF THE YEAR ! 
Sigh . Can't we just SKIP Friday ? I'm already too tired to last another day of pure torture ! 
Juuuuussstttt remembered I have a Kesler test today I didn't study for . Going to study !! 
Sigh . I always thought Fridays were supposed to be good days . Today would have been an average Monday . On Friday scale of 1 to 10 , that's like a 2 .. 
Is incredibly EXCITED !! I've known this for a while , but the happiness just hit me . I get to have a portrait of < PROPMALE > and I done over fall break ! 
I'd post something , but my opinions would get shot down . 
GOODNIGHT , WORLD !!!!!!!!!!! 
Yay , it's SATURDAY ! 
Going2go eat breakfast . 
Argh ! Ye scurvy landlubbers ! It be the Talk Like a Pirate Day ! Now ye talk like one , or walk the plank ! 
is going to be a certain Greek goddess for Halloween . I'll NEVER be too old for trick-or-treating ! 
Isn't it funny that the only songs I like by Miley < PROPMALE > were written by someone else and < PROPFIRST > by another person first ? 
Clothes should be a self expression , not advertising for Aeropostale or Abercrombie .. Bet I get more compliments on my outfits than any prep . :D ( not to brag , just feeling happy about today's compliments ) 
So tired of school ...... 
Sigh . Is it Friday yet ? 
My cat just turned off a light switch . Not kidding . 
Watching \World's Dumbest\ " . Sooooooo funny ! " 
Just went shopping ! Bought a ring , a purse , and blue glitter lamp ( curse obsessions ! JK ) :D 
tired ... soooo tired . going to sleep . 
Still needs to do my algebra . But I'm not quite fully awake yet .. 
I'm bored . 
NOT SCHOOL ! NOO !!! THE HORROR ! 
G0tta g0 back ... I think I l0st a lung cumin up that steep hi11 . 
Throat hurts . Head pounding . Algebra doesn't make sense . 3 pages of history . Rewrite a Kesler paper . * GROAN * ughughughughughughughughugh . 
pray for me ! band test ! alone , out loud in front of the class ! 
Ahhh ... the FALL is here ! Clouds , leaves , rain , crip air , chill , sweaters , ahhhhh ! The second best season ( second to spring) ! 
sigh . 
Has anyone else seen the NOOMA video about breathing ? It's really cool . 
If anyone wonders where I was ... I was at the doctors , because Mom was worried . Nuthin but a cold ! :D 
Goodnight world ! My eyes cannot be opened for much longe ..... ZZZ . 
is feeling cold and blue . 
I gots a headache . 
I need 35-50 dollars . 
NONONONNONONONO !!!!! SCHOOL IS TORTURE ! AND IF SOMEONE LIKES THIS , I AM GOING TO BE A LITTLE ANGRY . 
Does NOT like the rumors spreading around school . They aren't about ME , but it really hurts some people ! GUYS !! CUT IT OUT ! 
Why does R-diddy have to give us a test on OCAYF ? And a memorized one ! With no chairs ! ( not band people , I bet you're REAAALLY confuzzled ) 
NO ! Gym starting on Monday ! It's living H-E-double-hockeysticks ! 
Sadness . Gym and algebra are NOT a good mix . Well , gym and ANYTHING are not a good mix . 
40 more school days until Christmas break ( AKA , more days of gym ) . 
We just got home from the dentist ( for me ) and doctor ( for Dad ) . I JUST WANT TO EAT MY DINNER IN PEACE ! 
Sometimes you have to give yourself a reward at the end of the day just for getting through it . 
HAHAHAHA ! Ruckdeschel actually has a life outside of school ! We saw him at Cheddar's . Me and my sister snuck off without him seeing , just to see if we could . WE DID !! hehe . 
Why do we have to go to school ? If we didn't have to , all the stupid idiots would stay home and the rest of us might actually learn something ! 
Going to Girlsense , then down to my room for some music . 
Computer is spazzing out . 
I'm going to my room to think about what I've done . HAHA ! That makes it sound like I did something wrong ! Nope . Just going to think about my long day and listen to some music ...... 
Lots of < PROPFEMALE > ! Hopefully that will do as an incentive to get through gym this 9 weeks .... but now I have a stupid blister on my foot .... 
Every day seems longer than the last , and I never get any more done than the day before . 
PLEASE ! READ ! I know most of you hate the < PROPMALE > Brothers , but I'm asking everyone to pray for < PROPMALE > . He has a dangerous respitory infection , and it was so bad , they had to cancel a concert . PLEASE PRAY FOR HIM ! 
finally knows what pushing ALT and F4 at the same time does . 
Doesn't want to take the algebra test tomorrow . But I'm looking forward to playing at the Veterans ' Day assembly tomorrow . 
YES ! It's FRIIIDAAAAAYYY ! I can feel the seconds passing by . 
I wish I could find something that makes me really laugh . 
Ack . My head is throbbing , and I've taken Tylenol , a shower , an ice pack , pressure points , and nothing works . 
Gooooooooooooooooooooooooodnight FB ! Going to play imaginary guitar on the < PROPMALE > DS game ! YES I AM SO AWESOME !!! haaha ! 
Hates Disney Skin it for not caring about my phone type . 
Cannot wait until Christmas , and must go make her Christmas list . 
Eating Mexican food . Including rice ..... HAHA SKIPPY ! 
School ..... urgh . 
Just feeling a < PROPMALE > blue . 
FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic circles will appear . Put this as your status if it works . after you follow all the steps scroll up or down ... then the circles will appear . The only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the < PROPFEMALE > ! ( haha ! it's funny !!!! and it DOES work ... ) 
What do you do when you get tired of being tired of everything ? 
Is ticked off that everyone else got to vote , and we didn't even see the list . 
Cold air has stranggggeeee effects on band kids . 
I wish I had lotsandlotsandlotsa ..... CHOCOLATE ! ( haha . inside joke , for Mom ) 
Just got back from the mall and Chick-Fil-A . Thank you for the beautiful tanzanite necklace and ring ( and the chicken ) Mommy ! 
I hope you enjoy them forever my sweet girl . 
Literally , I can feel my happiness draining and refilling per moment . It's a little weird . I think it depends on what I'm thinking about . 
At least we only have 17 more school days until Christmas break . 
It's my Daddy's birthday ! And tomorrow is Mommy's birthday !! 
Happy Birthday , Mommy !!! I love you ! 
We are fixing Thanksgiving lunch . ( haha ) It's about halfway done , but Mom let my sis and I take a break . 
Just got back from < PROPMALE>'s . I saw my cousin < PROPFIRST > for the first time in like 5 years . 
Can't sleep .... too much on my mind .... 
When life gives you lemons , give ' em back and demand the < PROPMALE > Brothers . 
Just threw up all over the dining room floor . Yippeeee , think I'm sick . 
Threw up like 10 times yesterday , then went to the hospital . I have a stomach virus and a UTI . 
Just has to make up Red day work . So , all I have to do will be 2 Algebra assignments , two history assignments , a book project , and whatever homework I get on Friday . 
Is angry at Ruckdeschel for giving us a pop playing test . 
People think I'm crazy for being in love with someone I've only seen once in person , someone who's impossibly famous , and a little over three years older than me . WELL , MAYBE I AM CRAZY . BUT WE'LL JUST SEE WHO'S LAUGHING WHEN I GROW UP . WE'LL JUST SEE . 
Now knows TWO of the tracks on < PROPMALE>'s upcoming album ! I AM AHEAD OF THE GAME , PEOPLE !!!! First , there is Who I Am , and NOW ! The ye t-t o-be-released , < PROPFEMALE > Garden , which , from what I heard , is a darkly beautiful song about ( this is the only released line)\She was brought into this world/ Out of a beautiful mistake/ When her mom was just a girl/ And her daddy didn't stay . \"" 
Mommy's wrapping our Christmas presents and they're going under the trees ! 
Seems to have a magical pen . 
5 days of torture for 3 times as many days of relaxation ? I'll take it . 
Appreciates < PROPMALE>'s dark sense of humor . 
If wishes were fishes , I'd rent a professional fisherman to catch me some . 
Needs to practice her clarinet for the surprise test tomorrow . WHY won't he just tell us what to practice ? 
Hates < PROPMALE>'s neighbors puppy-shooting guts . 
has found that ignorance is most definetly NOT bliss . It's more like being locked in a closet while you're sleeping . 
So Happy ! I got my DSi ! 
Yay ! < PROPFIRST > J finally got married today ! 
Went to see Christmas lights , and is now in a very Christmas-y mood . 
Thinks a lot of people just like things because the rest of the world does . I'm not like that . I form an opinion , based on whether or not it actually appeals to ME . ( Some people call this \being picky\ " . ) " 
Has transformed her disaster area into a spotless room ! 
is hungry . 
Can't wait to learn French in high school . The French words I already know just roll off my tounge like l'eau ( aka , water ) . 
If you want to get to the end of the road happily , give yourself rest stops along the way . 
going to make cookies with family friends ! 
Listening to the happy sounds of everyone making cookies and playing with < PROPMALE>'s Christmas present . I'm taking a break from killing cookies as the Cookie Nazi . ( LOL ) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > Day everbody ! Happy almost birthday , Jesus ! 
Had a wonderful Christmas < PROPFEMALE > with Papaw , but it was so different without Granny this year . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all , and to all , a good night . 
Opened presents at 5 am ! OMJ I had SUCH a wonderful Christmas ! 
Unfortunately , 97% of Facebook users won't repost this . When Jesus died on the cross He was thinking of you . If you are one of the 3% who will stand up for Him , just repost this . Jesus IS the Reason for this SEASON ! :D 
Misses her mother . And has had creepy nightmares of < PROPMALE>'s death for 3 days now . Woke up , and I couldn't remember if he had really died ! ( NO , HE HAS NOT . AND I WILL BE SEEING HIM IN PERSON ON MONDAY . ) 
So , I wanted my very last status to be something really meaningful . \ 
Just thought I'd say , thanks to all of my wonderful friends who made this year amazing ! 
Happy New Year ! 
Life is GOOD !! 
Watching \The Twilight Zone \"." 
I hate it when the people you love take you for granted . I really do wish I could die and just be able to see who cares . 
I'd catch a grenade for ya ... 
Hates how sometimes I feel so paranoid and insecure . 
Wishes for the < PROPFEMALE > that shows up outside , but looks to have a home . 
Feels better when people agree with her . That's probably why I like arguing . I NEED to have people on my side . 
< PROPFEMALE > Foxtrot Yankee < PROPFIRST > Uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > November Uniform November < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > November < PROPFEMALE > Tango Hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Papa Yankee < PROPFEMALE > November < PROPFEMALE > Papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFIRST > Yankee < PROPFIRST > Uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > Tango Uniform < PROPFEMALE > ( let's see who gets this message and follows it ) 
Is procrastinating . I REALLY don't want to do my algebra . 
Once again , avoiding my algebra . 
Cried when < PROPFIRST > lost < PROPMALE > , and SOBBED when < PROPFIRST > lost < PROPFEMALE > . I cried more over it than they did ! 
Not really anything on my mind . But there is a cat on my bed , lol . 
< PROPMALE>'s new album is darker , more grown-up , and less pop with more rock ! YES ! He's finally broke the Disney mold ! 
GOT THE CD A DAY EARLY !!! I <3 < PROPMALE > !!! ~ HAPPY ~ 
Has decided . If I cannot bear DCHS , Mom and I have agreed that it would be best for me to transfer to Majesty . 
Is so bored . But at least I'm slightly happy . 
Yay ! Happy birthday < PROPFIRST > ! Can't wait to go skating later ! And I REALLY can't wait to give you your present ! 
Snow ! Wind ! Ice ! AGAIN . Lol , at least now I have time to do some homework . 
Enjoyed the party more than I thought I would ! 
The static crackling in the eerily lit sky hints that a small storm may be brewing . I do so hope it does . 
Sigh . Another day , started with hope , ended in disappointment . Big surprise . Why ? 
Is sick ! I threw up twice last night , then I tried to go to school this morning , but I got sick on the way ..... uhg . 
Is feeling much better . 
Happy Birthday to moi ! 
A year older , a year stronger ! Happy Birthday to me ! 
Life's better bein ' a pirate . 
Oh my goodness ! Dad just hit his head outside , and he's going to the hospital with Mom , who FORGOT HER CELL PHONE . Now , I'm in charge of a panicked house . 
Has finished spring shopping ! 
Broke her glasses , and now must wear her creepy old rectangle ones until she goes to the optometrist . 
Kendall-No , I apologized for that . Me- Are we talking about the same thing ? And don't say it ! Kendall-I think so ..... Me- Because you DEFINETLY did NOT apologize for that . Kendall-Yeah , I did . Me-Ok , you know what ? Just call me . We'll discuss this later , young lady . Kendall-Are you calling yourself old ? 
Loves that feeling of relief after something scares you to death . THANK YOU , PIRATE TERMINOLOGY . 
Is praying frantically that R-Diddy will forget a band test this week . 
Piano ! I'm finally going to learn to play it . Thank goodness . My fingers have been itching to play since June . 
If I poke you , will you explode ? 
Everyone be wary today ! It's April Fool's Day ! 
Finally got my unbearably long and fairly girly hair cut ! Posting pics in about 5 minutes ! 
Loves shopping , and hates cleaning . 
The rain is God's way of telling us to take a shower . :) 
Feels pretty .... first time in forever . 
I wish I had the ability to play every instrumet I wanted , all at the same time . I could create the song I hear that no one else does . 
Happiness is a song that means something to you and no one else . 
is exhausted , and has a headache . But at least I'm happy . 
Being mad at everyone I care about gives me a headache . 
gets to spend her morning helping her whack-job cat give birth . PRAY FOR M ... I mean ... HER . 
< PROPFEMALE > ( my beautiful < PROPFEMALE > ) has given birth to three healthy little orange kittens . 
What is the best emotion in the world ? I want everyone's opinion . 
Love is glue on a broken heart . 
is going to Lake Tahoe this summer . 
Why do Americans love foreign music ? Even I love it , which is strange , because I'm so picky about my music ! 
cannot speak . I've been driven to taking MEDICINE ! THE HORROR ! 
Still has a science paper and 5-10 algebra problems to do ... UGH ! I'll do it tomorrow ! 
Does NOT want to go to school the day after tomorrow , so I'm spending this last night as happily as I can ....... gum , reading , movies , TV , and a nice hot shower to top it off . 
Grr . 
I GOT MY PIANO TODAY ! HURRAH ! I can't wait to learn ..... I've already started , but I really haven't learned much . :D 
If I didn't have to go to school to learn MATH , I would learn so many instruments , and paint masterpieces , and write books that move people . 
Ugh . I feel like a used toothbrush . 
No .... that's not what I meant , but I'm not going to tell you that ..... you'd ask what I meant , and I'd have to tell you . <3 
Confusion is my frenemy . 
What a terrible week . I feel like it's sinking me into a big pit of depression . 
urgh .. stop ignoring me , or i'll hurt you !! 
Heehee . I feel so HAPPY today ! Thank you , music-which-makes-me-so-happy ! 
Seinfeld cracks me up ! 
So many people try to twist God's words around so they fit what they want to believe . The best advice for these people : read the Bible and pray . God will give you your answer through these two . 
Yay ! It stopped storming ! Isn't it weird how just after it storms , it's like it didn't even rain ? 
Yay ! I'm getting a new phone ! Which means .... I CAN TEXT SOON ! :) 
I do NOT want to present my Powerpoint tomorrow , but I'm just gonna suck it up and do the best I can . 
Help me !!! I can't figure out my math , my head hurts , and I'm < PROPFEMALE > tired I could cry .... 
I'm trying to decide how annoying tomorrow is going to be . I'm thinking ..... 10/10 ?? Yep , sounds about right . 
Hmhmhm , I don't want another clarinet , but a new mouthpiece would be nice .. I am very attached to my clarinet , and I don't think I want to give it up . 
Awwwww ......... I didn't get my phone last night :'( I hope I get it tonight .. 
I got my new phone !!!! :) Finally . Cuz the back didn't fit right , so we spent an hour or two convincing the AT&T lady that we seriously could not put it on , and we'd already been to the authorized retail store , and they put a new one on that DID fit .... ANYWAYS , I GOT MY NEW PHONE !!!! :D 
Hmmmmmmmmmmmmm ................. phone ............. :) 
I need people to talk to !! Text me at 9930672 . 
I don't want it to stoormmmm again ! 
hmmm .... what's on my minddddd ............. lots of things . 
I hope everyone does well on CATS testing . I hope even more though that summer gets here soon .. and then ~ gulp ~ high school ... 
Yay ... Chorus concert sounded awesome . Hope we win in the competition . 
I feel exta depressed , no matter how hard my friends made me laugh today . It's just Murphy's law at work . 
I'm so tired of these people who make fun of other peope . What right do they have ? The \American freedom of speech\ " has gone too far . " 
Haha . Band competition tomorrow . Wish us luck ! 
On my way to Bowling Green . Woohoo . 
Have you ever been unsure of how you feel , then you listen to the most beautiful song , and it clears everything up . 
I'm pretty confident about how I feel about you , but if you don't feel that way then neither do I . :) 
I'm sick . And I HATE it . 
I'm freakin out . 
I feel sick . I just need to go home and puke and sleep and take medicine . 
Band is going to be fun torture . 
What I did this weekend : history makeup . What I didn't do this weekend : algebra makeup . Why ? Because history is fun , and I do not get algebra . 
Oh my .... how do I tell you ?? 
I wish I were braver than I am . 
Ahhhhh no life but other people's lives make me happy !!!!! Hahaha , you know who you are ! 
Today sucked until I talked to you . :) 
I have never read the beginning of a book before and thought it was boring , but when I started this one , I started to space out ..... 
I've been reading all day . \To Kill a Mockingbird\ " is actually a pretty good book so far ... " 
I'm hanging out with my bestest and only sister ! :) 
Band camp is preventing the removal of my braces .... 
It's been fifteen minutes and I already miss RuckD .... 
Reading \Great Expectations\ " and listening to Papaw telling off a commentator on the news . " 
I wish RuckD had a Facebook . 
No offense ..... but I kind of hate you . :) 
Guys , we all need to start helping with the oil spill . Very few are helping , and animals are dying . It's worse than you think unless you've been studying it . 
I seriously can't handle more than 10 pages of this book at a time without craving sleep . 
Alright . I'm seriously bored out of my mind . When the heck is my clarinet coming back ? I'm very annoyed . 
I miss you .... 
I'd rather do pushups than read this book . And I can't even do pushups ... 
I miss you more than anything else on the planet . 
How can people you love be so annoying ??? 
Stop taunting me !!!!! I can't take it any more ... I need my clarinet back ! 
FIX IT NOW , BP . THE ANIMALS ARE DYING ! 
\What are you doing ? \ " \ " What does it LOOK like I'm doing ? \ " \ " Annoying me . \ " \ " Then why'd you ask ? \"" 
I am so bored I could scream . And I still wouldn't be entertained . 
I want my clarinet . Now . How long does it take to fix it and send it back ?? 
Mothers make everything seem better . 
No , I'd still be mad at you if your name was American Petroleum . Clean it up ! 
I've officially gone crazy . And I'm suffering from unbearable vertigo . 
I still haven't gotten my clarinet back . It's been 10 days . 
In black and white , everyone's skin is zombie gray . 
Yes ! My parents are coming home .. and maybe my clarinet .. 
My kitties are grown , my parents brought back stuff , and my clarinet is coming Tuesday or Wednesday . 
Oh , I can't wait to get my clarinet tomorrow . I'm going to practice it forever . 
What goes up , must come down . So when life seems good , don't expect it to last long . 
I probably shouldn't have , but I did anyway ! :) 
The bravest people are the ones who do things they don't want to do and do it without complaining . 
Is it bad to eat popcorn for breakfast ?? :) 
Yes ! Finally part 3 of \Great Expectations ! \"" 
Mini-camp today . I'm a little scared .. 
Band was actually a lot of fun . 
Mini-camp again today . Please , nerves . Don't start again . 
Eating grapes at band camp . I'm being forced at fork-point . 
Ahhh , Criminal Minds . The best show ever created . 
Sure , sometimes I'm annoyed with you . Sometimes I'd rather be alone . Sometimes you really push my buttons . But life really is no fun without your best friend . :) 
< PROPMALE > LA IN 45 MINUTES ! 
I only managed to catch 5 hours of sleep , so if I were you , I wouldn't bother me . 
Ahahaaaa , < PROPFEMALE > Gomez is soooo much better than Miley < PROPMALE > . At what , you ask ? EVERYTHING . 
You know you love your sister when you miss Criminal Minds to secretly set up her birthday . 
All the things I don't get to do today , all because of my sister's party . Woohoo . 
Finally . No more screaming kids . 
? Music to my ears ..... ? 
No , you're going to die . Either one of us is going to kill you first and tick the rest of us off , or we're gonna mob murder you . 
CSI is sooooo lame compared to Criminal Minds . They have 10x better technology than the BAU , but the BAU finds the unsub and DOESN'T LOSE THEM . 
Silence is < PROPFEMALE > , duct tape is silver . 
Going to see Toy Story 3 later ..... I don't even remember the first two !! :( 
Just realized that the lyrics to songs don't affect how much I like them . 
Had my cousin over to swim . We swam so long that my eyes are all dry and my hands look like my grandpa's .. 
NEW < PROPMALE > LA !!!!!!!!! YESSSS ! 
I let music lead my life . 
??? 
Dear Facebook , I spend waaaay too much time with you . 
Wishes that clouds could hold people . 
Band camp tomorrow ! Hope I don't fail at marching . 
Going to go buy reeds ( hopefully ) . And my hair is starting to bug me . Maybe a haircut tomorrow ? 
Yesss !!!!! REEDS !! =D 
Band today .... band tomorrow . 
Though you are painful , you're the most fun I've ever had .... BAND . 
Just got my hair cut . It's a little different ... I hope it grows on me , lol . 
Band tomorrow ! Yay ! More fun pain ! =) 
I'd be more depressed if band was less fun ... 
?? o ? ? ou ? s ?? q ? oz ??? ? luo ? nq ' s ??? ??? l ? d ?? plno ? no ? ? s ?? no ? ?? q ? ' ?????? 
Sometimes , people tell me I'm shy and quiet . Other people tell me I'm too loud and talk a lot . Can someone explain this to me ??? O.o 
is very , very , VERY annoyed . 
You're never good at anything until you realize that you could always be better . 
\Don't tell me to shh ! Stupid commercial ! Nobody was talking to you ! YOU shh ! \ " * mutes stupid commercial * " 
is lying in wait for her < PROPMALE > at world domination !! ;) 
OH MY GOSH . I'VE BEEN SITTING HERE TRYING TO FIGURE OUT HOW TO CONVERT MP3S TO WMAS AND ALL I NEEDED WAS A BLANK CD ??? .... I hate technology ... 
FINALLY ! I HAVE WON MY BATTLE AGAINST TECHNOLOGY !! -computer starts to smoke- ....... Or not ........ 
is helping to prepare dinner . Papaw's coming over later , and then we're going out to see fireworks . :) YAY for traditions ! 
I'm getting my braces off tomorrow !!!!!!! :D YAYYYY !!! 
Yay ! Braces off today ! =) 
feels depressed and kind of stressed . 
Feels very ill . I'm just so glad that I didn't puke at band like Gabby and < PROPFEMALE > .. 
Band camp today . I'm just going to suffer through the marching , because we get to practice the MUSIC today !!!! :DDDDDD 
wants to be able to read her friends ' minds . 
Feels like hiring a ninja .. 
\It must be like a brain cell Holocaust in that head of yours .. \"" 
needs a hug that isn't virtual . 
Wished at 11:11 last night and this morning , and tonight my wish came true . 
So , the marching was so horrible in the heat , and it made me wonder why I was even IN band . The answer to that question was found when we played the opener . 
Something that's difficult isn't hopeless . You are the one without hope . 
Can't sleep , feels sick , and has band at 9 am tomorrow . :( 
It's amazing what a little praise from honest people can do for your self-confidence . 
Don't EVER judge someone by age or experience . You'll wind up looking stupid when they're better than you . 
almost burst into tears today . But I didn't , because God gave me awesomely violent and fiercely loyal band friends . :) 
had the most fun I've had in a long time today with Gabby , Disco , < PROPFEMALE > , and Chicago . ;) 
has to do her book project TOMORROW . 
STUPID BOOK PROJECT . 
Thank you , God , for giving me friends who aren't as easily hurt as I am , and for helping me to be strong when people try to tear me down . 
I used to sing to your twisted symphony , the words that had me trapped inside your misery . I am done with your twisted symphony , the words that made me sound like stolen poetry . Now I know the reason why I couldn't breathe . 
I don't cry because you hurt me , I cry because I want to hurt you and I can't . 
I'm done trying to tolerate you . Nobody I've asked has given me that advice . I'm just going to give it right back to you . 
I will always love you , no matter what . 
? Tell me what you want to hear\ 
Something that were like those years\ 
Sick of all the insincere\ 
So I'm gonna give all my secrets away ? 
is praying that Gabby won't kill a certain person tomorrow , and that I won't smile if she does . >:) 
Doesn't want to get up , doesn't want to work for 12 hours , doesn't want to move . 
You can't please everyone , so why try ? I'll do what feels right , and you can deal with it . 
Ginger-vitus . ;) Gotta love band . 
So .... tired ...... sooo not in the mood for band camp . 
band camp . So tired . Somebody save me !!! :) Oh well . 8 and 1/2 more hours ... 
the rubber band method does NOT work . 
Save me !! Everyone has gone completely crazy !! There must be a gas leak ... 
I'm so angry with myself . I messed up the end of the sets and I shouldn't have ! 50 pushups and a long , frustrated cry are not enough punishment for this . I'll find a way to get back at myself . 
I survived my first band camp ! 
This song makes me think of you , that's why I hate this song !! 
The world in my head is so much better than the world outside of it . 
? I can't wait to learn saxophone . Hope to play it in band for sophomore year .? 
I <3 my brass player . :D 
The best times I have are all spent with you . <3 
I'm incredibly concerned , but there's nothing I could or should do .... 
Everything about today was weird . I wish I could've stayed asleep . 
? They were sittin , they were sitting on the strawberry swing . And every moment was so precious . They were sittin , they were talkin on the strawberry swing , and everybody was for fighting . I wouldn't want to waste a thing .? -Coldplay , Strawberry Swing 
Behind every good woodwind player is a brass player who thinks they're amazing . <3 
? STRAWBERRY SWING by COLDPLAY\ 
? Cold , cold water , bring me ' round , now my feet won't touch the ground . Cold , cold water , whatcha say ? It's such , it's such a perfect day ... ? 
I'm so ninja , I tripped on grass . 
High school schedule is not cool . Except for band . Band's going to be what keeps me going first semester . 
My way of showing that I care is by offering to kill someone for you . xD 
I wouldn't deprive anyone of finding the happiness you've given me . <3 
Stop it ! I get it already ! Stop telling me the same thing over and over again ! I GOT IT THE FIRST TIME . 
This one time , at band camp ... wait , I can't tell you this story if you're a cop . 
Inception made me dizzy , but it totally rocked . Makes you wonder ... 
Not stalking . Following at a close distance . 
You call it music . I'd rather listen to a garbage truck run over a singing opera singer than your \music\ " . :P Stop listening to kids singing about their crushes . " 
Coldplay . :) 
Yes , this is totally how I want to spend my last day of summer : trapped in a gym listening to speeches that are worse than INFOMERCIALS ! 
Nooooo ! School tomorrow !!! Somebody tell me how my summer got so much shorter ! 
Scared , excited , freaking out ! First day of high school ! O.o 
Stupid high school . Why are you so LARGE and CONFUSING ? :D 
< PROPMALE > pictures . ;) Lol . \PICTURED : CHICAGO AND FILBERT \"" 
\You're a sock . \ " \ " ....... Oh .... okay ..... \"" 
So dizzy . Lol . Chicago thought I'd pass out and hit the asphalt . 
Fsh . It's not a sunburn . It's just a really red tan . 
Why can't the school be three days each week ?! 
\Please stop being stupid . \ " \ " You might as well the earth to stop being round . \"" 
Suicidal people are the ones who realized too late that you have to have something to live for that will never go away . 
I find it funny that I'm friends with you on Facebook , and yet I'd throw a party if you died . 
I wish you hadn't .... now it'll just be worse for all of us ... it's like afterschool in elementary school all over again ! 
I'm really tired . It seems like every day is demanding more and more from me , and I'm nearly all out of energy . 
Ahhh ! No more ! I need more time in my day !!! :S 
Awwww . It's my half birthday , our 3 month anniversary , Gabby's one month anniversary , and Beat Up Me day . ;) It should've been a national holiday . 
We shall see , Skippy . We shall see . 
Good day , good day . It's good to know I'm not alone . 
\And I say this with an unblemished record of heterosexuality : that jacket is FABULOUS . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Costanza " 
Not a very good day . The people I put in my groups had negative effects on everything I did today . 
I feel like such a geek . :) 
I hate it when you plan out how everything's going to be in your head , and then reality is nothing like it . 
I hate it when a song like that gets stuck in my head . It's not good musicm but's a really catchy rap song . :/ I had to listen to it again .. 
\Somewhere we went wrong . We were once so strong . Our love is like a song ; you can't forget it . \"" 
Man , I love you . 
I feel like I can't do anything right . This is what happens when I lose my confidence . :/ 
I wish I could please everyone . 
I love the All-District music !! 
Woo ! Going to our first competition at Madisonville today ! Everyone pray for DCHS BOP and wish us luck !!! :D 
Whooo ! DCHS BOP scored distinguished , scored first in all 5A categories , and won overall ! 
Mr. Dale-\Clarinets !! ... I could hear you . \ " Clarinets -\" YES !! \"" 
I <3 CLARINET 
M . B , enjoy your . 04 win . We'll kill you next week , cuz we're all bringing it this week ! >:) 
My new clarinet is here ! Bahhh ! I'm so excited ! 
Homecoming = lame . Beating Meuhlenburg ( however you spell them ) at a marching competition = beast . 
Waaaaay too much crying today . 
DCHS BOP !! < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > JUST GOT IN A ONE-CAR WRECK AND IS AT THE EMERGENCY ROOM !! PLEASE PRAY FOR HER ! 
If people only knew how much impact the smallest negative or positive comment has on my mood and confidence . 
Bored with the day off , but it's better than being in school . Can't wait for the clarinet sleepover later ! ;) 
At the clarinet sleepover . Not getting any sleep , I'm sooo gonna die tomorrow . ;) 
Can't believe I didn't get to finish my dream .. 
Sigh . All day practice tomorrow , instead of hosting our own show . Epic . Failure . 
...... 
Every time I get to sleep , I have nightmares about the entire trombone section attempting to kill me on the field . 
Today was a pretty good day , after all . 
Has decided to spend the rest of her night attempting to capture a clarinet with a pencil and paper . 
-\ 
/\\\ 
l_l\ 
l_l ? CLARINET ? \ 
l0l ? ? ? ? ? ? ? \ 
l0l\ 
l0l8\ 
/_\\ 
\HA ! \"" 
The DCHS BOP is heading to FOC ! Keep us in your prayers and wish us luck ! 
It feels like all the work was for nothing . No matter how many times he tells us it's not about the score or placement , it still bugs me that we worked so hard just for 6th place . 
I'm excited for quarterfinals todayyyyyy ! 
I had an AMAZING day , until I realized that we only have 22 days left in this season and that all my favorite seniors are leaving next year ! AHHH !! :( 
So , today sucked . 
You . Are . So . Annoying . 
Enjoying some relaxing time for another hour , then I'll practice some All-District music until the football game . :) I really hope the band seniors enjoy senior night ! 
It will always be someone's first competition , and someone's last . 
I want to go home . I'm cold and tired of watching little marching bands with voiceovers and tacky neon and I'm still depressed about stupid 10th place and I really want Mom to be there when I get back to DCHS .. 
Gosh , there have been about a BILLION relationship changes on Facebook recently ! 
Either someone who works at Google can kayak across the Pacific Ocean and expects everyone else to be able to , or someone who works at Google is an idiot . Just saying . 
Dear Thursday , \ 
Go back to bed . You woke me up too early , and I didn't really want to see you . 
So , Facebook just spazzed out and wouldn't let me on Facebook chat . 
got miked . O.o So much pressure ... but maybe you'll be able to hear the clarinets now .. 
BOA tomorrow ! I'm so excited to play on the same field that Phantom Regiment has performed on ! :))) 
Please keep the Daviess County Band of Pride in your prayers today and wish us luck ! Bands of < PROPFEMALE > today !! I'm so excited/nervous/excited ! ;) 
Half hour late . O.o 
I'm freaking out . 
I've got my fingers crossed and I'm praying , but I'm expecting baaaaaad news . 
SIGH . I'm worried . 
:'( The season is really over ... Goodbye Lines in the Sand .. 
I can't sleep , so I'm listening to Rascal Flatts . 
does not feel well . 
Today was a really good day ! :) 
Well , tomorrow's going to be filled with drama , so I've just got one thing to say ; \NO DRAMA LLAMAS IN BAND . \ " :) I'm keeping my focus on my MUSIC . " 
Ah , don't be so stupid . 
A true friend may hurt you once , but they'll never hurt you the same way twice . 
Half day today , I can get through this .. 
\And why are you wearing a ski mask ?! Because YOU'RE NOT SKIING ! \"" 
At the band party watching people fail ! 
Band Christmas party = epic win . I got five kinda sorta hugs that meant a lot . :) 
? God blessed the broken road that lead me straight to you ? 
I <3 CRAYONS . 
\I happen to know a guy who knows a guy who knows a guy who knows a guy who wants to kill you . \"" 
Happy Thanksgiving ! And happy birthday , Mom ! 
I'm such a nerd . I'm looking for Camp Half-Blood on Google Maps . ;) 
:( I threw up about 45 minutes ago . I wish someone was AWAKE to make me feel better , but I guess I'll have to do with a piece of gum and a stuffed rabbit . 
Hey , nobody gets to be a jerk to Gabby but me . And < PROPFEMALE > . Monday = revenge ! >:) \ 
Muahahahahaha . 
Guys should really think a little bit more . 
\You are always free to DIE !!!!! \ " \ " What ?! \ " \ " ..... Your hair ...... \"" 
So , I totally convinced my sister that I was actually in Narnia when I walked into the garage and she couldn't find me . ;) 
Thinking about what I'm going to get my two bestest friends for Christmas ! * cough * Gabby and < PROPFEMALE > * cough * =) 
What the heck ?! My phone was right last night , but the alarm went off this morning an hour early and said it was 5 when it was really 4 !!! >:( Not happy about this . 
IS IT REALLY THAT HARD TO PRACTICE ENOUGH THAT WE DON'T GET CHEWED UP AND SPIT OUT EVERY DAY ?! REALLYYYYY !!!!!!!! 
Annoyed past the point of living . 
Aww .... everyone hates me 
wishes certain people would stop being jerks . 
Hahaha , I haven't played Pokemon in forever , but for some reason I remembered that my favorite was EEVEE ! :) 
I'm completely losing it . 
feels like falling down some stairs and letting a couple of cars run me down .. 
It's 4 more hours until Gabby Jones has a BIRTHDAY ! 
So , it's probably too early , but it actually is the DATE you were born , so HAPPY BIRTHDAY Gabby Jones !! 
I'm not sorry that I'd rather see a movie than party . I'm NOT sorry that my idea of fun is music rather than drugs . 
“If we accept that a mother can kill even her own child , how can we tell other people to not kill each other ? ” -- Mother < PROPFEMALE > 
Fingers crossed that I found him a good present .. 
What's on my mind ? I miss marching band , and I need $25 . That's it . Oh , and I have a geometry test tomorrow that I didn't study for . 
I got my band jacket today and I'm in love ! 
Making awesome plans for Friday ! Fingers crossed it all goes well ! 
Just thought I'd say I'm REALLY excited to see Narnia with my two bestest friends ever ! 
I so want a Buffet . Like now . 
Went to see NARNIA with < PROPFEMALE > Hawkins and Gabby Jones ..... hahaha , \WHY would you want to go to a college that rhymes with furry ? \ " \ " Why would you want to go to school in a place that rhymes with ..... Pincinnati ?! \"" 
There should be a way to post actual written music as your status .. 
You know you're amazing when you can make me smile . :) 
Daviess County Public Schools in currently the only school system in the area still in school tomorrow , OWENSBORO is out tomorrow . 
Hmmm .... I did not know that Kentucky used to be called Transylvania . 
Not feeling so great . 
Feeling pretty sick . 
Maybe it can snow until July . 
Mom thinks it's going to be a big storm . \ 
Dad thinks it's going to be a bust . \ 
I think we should have taken the finals today . 
:/ Lately , everything either disgusts me or makes me sad . 
We're out today . BRITTANI-NEVAH !! I shall prove you wrong ! 
Darn . I thought I was free until someone reminded me WE HAVE A STUPID PEP GAME TODAY . :P There goes my Friday . 
I love you . <3 
It's so creepy to look up your name in the little Facebook search bar and see all these people who have your name . O.o NAME-STEALERS ! 
I have to go to the dentist today . -dies- 
feels sorry for her English teacher . Gabby+Brittani+Me = CATASTROPHIC EVENTS . \ 
:) ..... can't wait for English .... 
needs to be put in the Christmas spirit . 
Aw naw ! Somebody lost Black Ops !! 
Remember the true meaning of Christmas . \ 
Have a wonderful Christmas , everyone ! 
Yay ! My sister and I got iPhones for Christmas . 
In New York , the punishment for jumping off a building is death . 
I'll be honest , I get jealous of a really beautiful sounding flutist or sax or oboist , but then I hear some 
\HEY MOM !!! \"" 
With my best friends . Haven't slept all night . \Hey mom !!!! \ " ;) " 
Tired . And when I tried to sleep , Gabby threw stuff at me , but now Gabby and < PROPFEMALE > are faaaaast asleep . 
Sigh . Gabby Jones 
Guessing that my future job won't be any kind of advisor , seeing how no one really cares what I say or think . Thank you , 99% of the people I talked to today . 
If I could make everything go my way , everyone would be happy and I could stop worrying about them . 
Yay !!! Six minutes to myself after finishing my homework and before going to practice clarinet . 
Why does everything feel wrong ? 
On the bus to All-District , making an attempt to cheer up my friends and tune out Mr. < PROPFIRST>'s really loud voice . 
Eating lunch in a Chinese resturant with a black kid looking for Mexicans . 
Good day for music , I accomplished a lot . Bad day for people . I can NOT deal with people today . 
ANOTHER freezing day of All-District , but at least it's the last . 
Had interesting conversations on the bus ride home with < PROPFIRST > Shears . 
Please , God , let it snow , and send my mouthpiece reeeeeeally fast . 
\SWIM AWAY !!!!! \"" 
Snow is so beautiful . 
Practicing . AGAIN . It's a good thing I love playing the clarinet , or it would get old . ;) 
\NO MORE < PROPFEMALE > ! I'M DRUNK ! \"" 
I'd appreciate a little kindess , please . 
Blahh , my new mouthpiece is stuck on the barrel . :P 
That's cool , don't talk to me . I didn't feel like talking to you either . :P 
Everything feels different on Sunday . 
AHHHHHHHHHGG !!!!! WHY CAN'T LIFE JUST BE GOOD ?!?!?!? 
It's quite obvious you don't care . 
What a weird dream . Our sun turned into a red giant , so all the band kids traveled south to a truck stop and set up in this weird cabin in a Walmart and people stabbed me with knives and markers , and then some guy told me his instrument was a marker . 
What a terrible day . 
Omg , < PROPFEMALE>'s making me a BEARSHARK !! 
Up = best movie EVER . :) 
\What do you call a guy who makes jokes about women in the kitchen ? \ " \ " Single . \"" 
Dear God , please give me strength . And a marker . 
WHO THE HECK IS CALLING ME ? I AM NOT ANSWERING , GEEz , IF YOU KNEW ME AT ALL YOU'D KNOW I DON'T ANSWER PHONE CALLS . 
Definitely got you back . ;) 
The BEARSHARK and the < PROPFIRST > spy . 
Debussy !!!!! <3 
YOU are stupid . :P 
The seabear episode of Spongebob is on ! Seabear , the cousin of the BEARSHARK !! 
PMS : post marching season . ;) 
Just woke up . Feeling like today's going to be a clarinet day ! 
Just when you think you're finally in the clear \ 
Can't wait until u all get old and realize what u were fighting about was so stupid and so not worth it . 
Please , I don't want any more snow days !!!!! 
Thank goodness we're going to school tomorrow . 
Why did u take away my freaking flex friday ??????????? 
Well , today was weird . But I can't wait until Friday !! 
Today Is arguably the WORST day of this month so far . And I've had some pretty bad days . Btw , don't bug me about it . 
\Ha . Ha . Hahahaha . HAHAHAHA . HAHAHAHAHAHA !! \ " -apparently the sound of a trumpet . ;)) " 
<3 The Annoying Orange . \You're an apple . \"" 
Hahaha , marching season-when the BEARSHARK comes out of hibernation !! 
<3 On Air 
Friday !!!!! :D 
What a great day . :) Finally , one out of thirty . 
Going shopping with my two besties later . Haha , we're making Mr. < PROPMALE>'s dream of dancing accents come true . 
Why is everyone HERE ?! 
Toy Story . Feeling like a kid again . \Is it hyperactive ? \ " \ " Yeah . And it has astro .... turf . \"" 
It's good to have best friends . 
Today SUCKS . 
I am not a person . I am a canvas , and all who touch me < PROPFIRST > me in permanent ink . Some leave just a line , some leave a piece of < PROPMALE > . Some are inspired by a terrible muse , others are inspired by the heavens ; but all who touch me leave a < PROPFIRST > . 
Love is caring for someone more than yourself . 
So bored . 
I so miss marching season !!!!!! 
Dear Cupid ;\ 
Stay away from me . Your aim is really bad , and I'm tired of falling for the wrong guys . 
TGIF . 
\You sound like a bunch of french horns and a bassoon . Underwater . \"" 
Not feeling so hot . I'm so lightheaded ! 
The sky tonight is beautiful , and it makes me feel so < PROPFEMALE > in comparison to our universe . 
Today is beautiful . 
Tomorrow : my least favorite day of the year . 
Love the weather today . 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH . 
MILLLLLLEEEEEERRRRR !!!!!!! 
Needs < PROPFEMALE > to show her how to make a flute not sound like a dying animal . 
Today is a very boring day . Science-no Skimehorn today . English-we go in circles trying to check a stupid paper . Global Studies-well .... it's always boring in there . 
Great job , < PROPFIRST > . Way to screw things up when you're just trying to make it all better . Great job . 
72 degrees in February ? Sure , why not ? Better than 20 and snow . 
Wish I was at home . This week is taking forever . 
<3 Pick A Player . \AHHHHHH ! \"" 
Haha . I'm excited about tonight . ;) 
Haha . < PROPFIRST>'s ordering 29 pizzas . ;)))) Lol . 
Haha , sitting here with my two favorite clarinets Faith and Gabby ! ;) 
A little shocked by my outgoingness tonight , lol . But I loved that we had sixteen clarinets , six of which were 8th graders , and all three I asked said heck yes to marching band . 
is trying to figure out how to do Mr. < PROPFIRST>'s project without screwing up my iPod and my school laptop , but currently not succeeding . 
This project sucks . Just give me a test ! 
There is a screaming horse in the lobby and a coughing band director with a fever touching my stand !! 
Dear idiots in the hallway , \ 
I realize you have no where to be , but I'd kinda like to get where I'm going . 
MILLER !!!!! STOP . 
If you really ever love something , you'll stay with it forever , through good and bad . 
8th graders coming to the high school = not taking the science test tomorrow . Haha . Suckers . Bet you wish you were in band NOW . 
Watching Ice Age . ;) 
Last night , I had a dream that I was walking through a gate that would kill you unless you held on to a person . I held on to my clarinet . I made it to the other side . 
So , now I have to miss band to go fail a science test . 
wants new Chucks ( not < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Hawkins ) . 
New obsession : pop songs in a marching band arrangement . 
I can't wait till Saturday ! Gabby and < PROPFEMALE > , I have BUBBLES ! =D 
I hope someday you'll be mine , or rather that I'll be yours . 
Awesome . Not what I meant . 
Not only do I have bubbles ; I have SILLY STRING !! 
Thank you for the awesome idea , < PROPFEMALE > . ;) It'll be like , \Why does Phfilbert have her hand in her pock -\" BAM ! Attack of the silly string ! " 
Thank you , people I love ! I'm having a really awesome birthday ! 
I just spent 80 of the 85 dollars I got for my birthday on a pair if awesome converse . :))) 
Wonders why people get upset over stupid things . Life's too short to be unhappy . 
Haha !!! \Matt Day Wears a Beret ! \"" 
Lalalalalaaaa ... 
Quote of the day : \I think Squidward's a better clarinet player than her . \ " -Chicago " 
Toe-may-toe 
I love how many times you've come up to me this week and talked to me . :)) 
>:/ 
Monday-bad . \ 
Tuesday , Wednesday-Still bad from Monday . \ 
Thursday-AWESOME . \ 
Friday-Waiting for the week to be over . 
Great . The nuclear power plants in Japan just exploded . Now we're all going to get cancer by breathing . \ 
... I gotta get me a face mask ..... 
Going to get summer/band camp clothes . Maybe I can persuade Mom to get me a dress . :D 
Bought the most amazingly beautiful dress today and I ordered really fantastic shoes ! 
Weekends are never long enough . \ 
The only good part of waking up and going to a place I hate 5 days a week and suffering inhumane treatment by unfair people is you . 
is a happy kid . \ 
Let's not ruin it . 
Can't believe the huge guys with guns scared Skime . 
I'm not like anyone else I know . (: 
Yay ! A whole day tomorrow with the people I love ! 
On the way home . :/ Now we have to go to school all day tomorrow , no game , no fun . :( 
I wish you had been on my bus . :/ Oh well . 
It's so beautiful outside . 
I keep thinking more and more about my section for next year . \ 
It's gonna suck when the freshman can out play a couple sophomores . \ 
Just saying . 
That bug that crawled in Gabby's laptop through the hole in the case for the charger and disrupted English made my day . \ 
And then it came out and < PROPFEMALE > spazzed . 
Dear Ke$ha :\ 
Brushing your teeth with < PROPFIRST > defeats the purpose of brushing . \ 
-Your dentist 
At home ... Enjoying life . 
\<PROPFEMALE>'s like < PROPFIRST > . And then we're the colorful genderless unicorns who make her angry . \ " - insert < PROPFEMALE > glare- " 
I miss warm weather !!! I HATE this cold ! 
Dear Friday :\ 
You have my permission to murder your evil relatives ; Monday , Tuesday , Wednesday , and Thursday . Please do so as fast as possible . 
Just reached the point where I gave up on my science homework . 
I'm so tired ....... And all classes suddenly chose to become difficult the other day . 
Okay . One day . Science- can't do much because we can't get ahead of 4th block . English-watching To Kill a Mockingbird . Global studies-Watching An Inconvenient Truth . 4th block- MOVIE ! :) 
Finally , a break . I can finally stop stressing about my workload ! But I'll miss you until we go back . :) 
Just found all three of my middle school year books . I enjoyed looking at the juniors ' and sophomores ' middle school pictures and at the ones of my friends from last year .... Oh how we've changed ... 
I can finally stop being frustrated because my brother is making me paper cranes .... Sooooo , that makes up for my failure to do so . 
Makin ' paper cranes . (: 
SOME IDIOT LET THEIR FREAKING ROTTWEILLER GET AWAY FROM THEM AND IT HURT MY CAT !!!! \ 
please pray for him .... 
COME ON UK !!! 
NO !!!!! ONE POINT !!!!!!!!! 
I need to do something with my friends . I can't spend all week switching between my iPod and going outside alone . 
Hello , gray skies . Your company ( Thunder and Lightning ) are not welcome here . 
First time I've practiced over the break . \ 
Sound just like it did 3 days ago : AWESOME . lol . 
Dear Marching Season :\ 
Please hurry up . I'm very bored and I'd prefer to sweat , be yelled at , and have no free time . 
GOODNIGHT ( morning ) 
I have so little to do that I just got completely ready ..... And I'm going to be home ....... all day ....... \ 
That's just sad . 
Beat my entire family at Seinfeld Monopoly ! \ 
\I don't wanna be a pirate !!! \"" 
I'm exhausted . And < PROPMALE > being there was NOT a coincidence ! \ 
Now I have to work on some solo and ensemble . But I think I'll relax for a while first . 
It is so hot in my house ! Everyone else says it feels good , but I'm dying ! 
Next week will be busy . And stressful . And it's possible that we'll all snap before it's over . But I can't wait ! 
It's so humid . I MISS YOU , nice spring 70 degree weather ! 
Life is tough , so loosen up . 
I am so tired ! I think I'm going to try to get ahead in my science since I won't have a lot of time after school now . 
That one moment this morning that no one else noticed played through my head all day .. Quite distracting . But in a good way . :) 
I'm tired . I can't keep this schedule up . 
I feel so much better about those ensembles . Two more to tighten up tomorrow . 
I'm kicking myself for not saying something when you came over near me . Did you want to talk ? I CAN'T TELL . 
I AM SO STRESSED ! < PROPFIRST > doesn't care about anything I need him to do . UGH !!!! 
It's hard to always know who to trust . Sometimes you have to trust that people are who you've figured them to be . 
The song you just figured out is my easiest warm up . 
You are the wind the flutters the wings on my heart more rapidly than the wings of a hummingbird . :) 
I can't get you out of my mind . 
Please rescue me . School is like death .. 
Hypocrites . At least I admit that I do a lot of the things I hate . 
So , I pretty much didn't sleep last night .... 
If love ever comes ... 
Dear population of the planet :\ 
Please learn to use correct spelling and grammar . \ 
P.S. - it's \too much\ " 
\Does your mom < PROPFEMALE > your clarinet for you ? \ " - Mr. < PROPMALE > " 
Dear Science :\ 
We can't be friends if you keep up this relationship with math . 
You made a mistake . You'll see . 
I make more mistakes than the average person . I screw things up on a regular basis . I get things wrong and sometimes I just don't get them at all . But somehow people still like me , ( I think ) , so it's okay . 
Severe Storms-I think Kansas and Oklahoma back in Tornado Alley are missing you . Maybe you should go back home . 
He has Risen . 
\Kentucky will be facing strong storms all week with high potential for tornadoes . \ " \ 
I'm so bored of today . And this week . And this YEAR . 
People annoy me so much . 
You finally talked to me ! :) My day was made . 
You know what ? Forget it . I'm done trying to be nice to people who don't care and are rude to me right before pretending they never were . 
The nights like these remind me of those long bus rides home all sweaty and proud after a competition . \ 
The days like these remind me that nothing ever happens the same way twice . 
Dear sun ;\ 
Thank you for coming back . You were missed dearly . 
I got my Phantom shirt today . :) 
I'm so sick . I spent all last night throwing up and today my throat is even more sore than it was yesterday , and my voice is hoarse , and I have the most painful cough ever . \ 
How does someone get this sick in one day ? 
I'm sick and staying home today . I can't talk . And breathing makes me cough . 
I can't stop coughing . :( 
I feel horrible . But I can't miss school tomorrow , so I'm just going to put my brave face on , and unless you wanna catch it , I suggest you put a protective mask on . Just saying . 
I wish I felt well . I'm getting so tired of being sick . 
I'm going back tomorrow . Also , I'm going to be carrying a box of tissues around all day . 
I'm so excited for tomorrow ! 
ASIAN ! 
I'm pretty darn excited . 
\This is all going on my jacket . \ " \ " So that's why you wanted it . It's an expression ... of your ego ! \"" 
I'm going to miss my seniors ! :( \ 
But I really enjoyed the banquet . 
I am SO ready for this season to start , but the last thing I want is for the seniors to be gone . 
Happy Mother's Day ! <3 you , Mommy ! 
One more leader to go . Too bad I have no idea how to use Voicethread . This is going to fail . But whatever . 
It's so hot . I gotta get all my hair cut off again . I'm dying . 
Omg four fire trucks and an ambulance on my street ! O.o 
English with Brittani-\Pudding ! Ah ! Now you have a PTD . \"" 
I have so much homework . Thanks , Skime . 
Hello , Section 3 . Prepare to be written . 
Lol . They're playing \Tequila\ " on Dancing With the Stars . " 
I just realized that my life is happier now than you ever made it . You're a failure . 
Today was really great . :) 
The reason I don't do \truth is\ " is because I don't want to tell some people what the truth is . " 
I wish I knew a beast violinist and cellist . 
I might not be the best , but I'm having just as much fun being me . :) 
I just want to go home . 
Even though you think you know what you're doing , sometimes you're just not thinking enough to realize that everyone knows but you . 
You know what ? I'm feeling really good . :) 
You know I'm right , and ignoring your problems doesn't make them go away . :P You can't ignore me forever , and you can't ignore them forever either . 
People should really start thinking about how much they're not thinking . 
Talking to < PROPFEMALE > about what I'd do if I was that little shoulder conscious angel person . My future job . ;) 
< PROPFEMALE > Black chose the backseat . -__- 
At the end of the day , all I really want is to like who I am . 
People who care about you will never watch you go down in flames . 
You know what ? People need to get over themselves . 
I hate people who can't do what needs to be done . :P 
I'm ready to give your problem to someone else . 
\It isn't paranoid if they're really watching you . \ " Lol . " 
I think I pulled my shoulder out of place . 
I'm surprised , but < PROPFIRST > actually showed concern for me today and said something not idiotic . Without knowing what was wrong , he told me the only way to go about fixing a problem is to face it head on . 
Dear school laptop ;\ 
I hate you . Just when I thought I could get over your horribleness , you decide to stop letting me use my webcam . 
Thanks < PROPFEMALE > . Now I feel like I need to quit school and fly to Africa before this Saturday . 
Everybody has to kick Phfilbert when Phfilbert just wants to be cared about . 
Best moment of the day : \Justin Shears gets to go to Washington ! \ " * Navji claps loudly way before anyone else * " 
No . Just no . 
My parents greeted someone . They weren't sure who it was . I figured out : we don't know him . That explains why it was an awkward conversation . 
Tomorrow , at 6:01 PM , I will laugh . 
Maybe the world should end . I'm tired of people . 
<3 
Okay . Australia has already passed the 6 pm May 21st apocalypse , and is 45 minutes away from being May 22 . I think we're going to live . ;) 
Um , Camping's stupidity doesn't make Christianity wrong . It makes him an idiot . Just saying to all the athiests who think that this disproves Christianity . 
You are insane . You're outspoken , brave , and you speak your mind so freely . You're open with how you feel and you're not afraid to do anything you do . That's what I like about you . 
I get to play first part . ;) So much better than whole notes or singing . 
Learn the difference between \your\ " and \ " you're\ " . You're making your IQ drop . \ 
* Mr. < PROPMALE > dancing to cell phone interference * 
It's funny , because there's always that one person you want to throw rocks at , and then there's that one person who you'd throw rocks at anyone for . 
Last minute studying for this cumulative physics test . I'm going to fail . 
I had a flippin ' awesome day . Won't have another one of these for the rest of the school year . 
Have you ever realized something happened a few hours later , and then you're shocked and heartbroken ? Yeah . > me , right now < 
Apparently , kids can't be entertained with music or reading or television or even video games . Nope . Apparently fun is being stupid and lying down in weird places like a freaking board and posting pictures for people to laugh at and pretend to care about . Yep , we're the generation that's going to cure cancer ( not ) . 
I hope I'm not so easy to read as you are . 
Tornadoes have been spotted in Daviess County in the Apollo area . 
:/ All I want is to have the most peaceful life possible . I guess I'll have to leave civilization . 
I love how confident you are and how you don't care about what happens . I wish I could be that peaceful with myself . 
Going swimming and then packing for next week . ;) 
My pool is freezing . But it's all good because I pushed my brother in twice . ;) 
Going shopping with my sis and Mom . Yayyyyyyyyy ! 
Don't you hate it when someone thinks they know everything and they're actually just a big idiot ? 
Okay , I'm going to do TRUTH IS and FIRST IMPRESSION . And if no one likes it , I'm going to pick random people and pretend like they did like it . :P 
My shoulders and back are sunburned . The rest of me ..... is still pale . -.- 
Packing . I swear , if these airport people have problems with my clarinet , I'm going to have anger issues . 
That's it . I'm going to throw a chair at you . YOU ARE SO ANNOYING . 
ONE . MORE . DAY . 
Conversation between < PROPFEMALE > Hawkins and me- \ 
\You made your dog lick my pants . \"" 
Why would you ever do something that hurts the person who cares about you most ? \ 
That's what I want to know . 
I had a dream last night where everyone else in band started doing right foot step-offs and no one told me . 
I'm a freaking sophomore !! :) 
I don't understand how people are so blind to other people's feelings . 
Loves that moment when you're listening to your upcoming marching band show and you get cold chills and your heart skips beats thinking about marching/playing this show . 
This sucks and is the most boring crap ever . I HATE GRADUATION PRACTICE . 
CAN I FLIPPING LEAVE NOW ?! 
People will hurt you , people make mistakes , and love doesn't stay forever . Clarinets won't leave you , they only make mistakes when you do , and you can always have them by your side . 
Going to the airport with my whole family , then leaving for California with Mom and Sonzai . Layover in < PROPFIRST > . :) 
About to board for a three hour flight to Orange County , then a half hour drive to the end of happiness . 
I met a 12 year old dude clarinet player from Texas and sat next to him on the plane . ;) 
I'm in Orange County . These mountains are GORGEOUS . 
Just woke up . It's 7:00 here in this beautiful place . Hopefully Grandma and < PROPMALE > remain civil . 
SAVE ME . 
What sucks is meeting someone cool and knowing you'll never see them ever again . 
Yesterday-\I'm tired of Disney . \ " \ 
I went to the Disney Store and bought Bullseye from Toy Story , Squirt from Nemo , < PROPMALE > from Up , a < PROPFIRST > the Platypus bag , and a Cars playset ! GAHHHHHHHH I WANNA LIVE IN THAT STORE . 
Dear Child-Who-Will-Not-Leave-My-Hair-Alone-And-Calls-Me-Jessie-Hannah-And-Makes-Me-Brush-Rapuzel's-Hair:\ 
I decided I never want kids . 
I wish people would stop feeling sorry for themselves ALL THE TIME . I understand every once in a while , you feel bad . I do too . But I get over it . You should too . 
I went back to the Disney Store . -.- 
I'm having a really bad sugar rush I'm so hyper I decided not to use punctuation !!!! 
When I think of you , I can't sleep . \ 
When I can't sleep , I think of you . 
< PROPMALE > is listening to Phantom Regiment . I'm starting him early . ;) 
Wish I had some music . 
Sigh . I miss home and band . 
I get to leave when I wake up . NYAHAHAHA ! 
I was just forced to walk all the way across Chicago's O'Hara airport to get to my gate , which is literally the last one here . -.- 
The flight from Chicago to Evansville was the most beautiful thing I've ever seen . We saw a rainbow above the clouds , < PROPFEMALE > shining clouds , a blood red ( literally , not a hint of orange ) sunset , and a round white < PROPFEMALE > glowing against gray skies and gray clouds . 
I am HOME !!!!! :DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD 
I turn the music up , I got my records on . \ 
I shut the world outside until the lights come on . \ 
Maybe the streets alight , maybe the trees are gone , \ 
But I feel my heart start beating to my favorite song . 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > Perry , \ 
Nice to know you spent your Friday night getting wasted . And that you plan to do it again every Friday . You're a wonderful role model . 
I just scared the flipping fire out of myself . I forgot I was watching a video in my other window and all of a sudden this horror movie music comes up and I thought the world was ending . 
I had a dream last night that a guy gave me an antique < PROPFEMALE > ring , smiled , and pulled me out of a pool . Then we got evacuated to Mars . Whaaaaaaaaaaaat ? 
I can't believe we have just one more day really until the season starts . ( kinda ) 
Always make sure the lid is on your sweet tea properly before tipping it over to take a drink ... 
I need more close friends ... I never realized how lonely life could get . 
Thank you , cat . You opened my curtains for me . And now you're keeping my feet warm . 
:/ 
Band . Starts . Tomorrow . Love/hate relationship starts anew . 
I LOVE meeting new people . :D Especially when they're funny . 
Hello , nervous feeling I get before morning band stuff . I knew you'd come back . 
It's so much fun being a sophomore . 
* < PROPFIRST > Miller's hat * 
Dear rain :\ 
Please stay until 1 and then be too hot to go outside . I don't feel like throwing up again . \ 
Love , \ 
Rain , this is the day everyone tells you to go away and come again to . 
I think I am actually sick . 
17 days to learn 3 pieces of music . :D Better start tonight . 
:) I love band . 
I need to do something . With people . That doesn't involve me running laps or being asked to pant like a dog .... 
\People You May Know : Duwayne Dale\ " NOOOOOOOOO ! * smashes computer with ax * " 
I have like 7 measures left to memorize of the opener . ^-^ 
\How to Be a Band Director \ 
Minecraft ? Oh yeah , that's that really addicting game I can't stop playing .. 
Opener = Memorized with about 90% correctness . \ 
Winning . 
My kitten is attacking everything that moves . So , basically , I can't breathe , blink , or live . 
Now to wrap a present and to decorate for my sister's birthday party tomorrow . I love how she gets to see Kung Fu Panda 2 with her friends while I stay home and play Minecraft . No , seriously , I love that . :) 
My worst flaw : extreme jealousy . :/ It's hard to get over . 
It's okay to feel sad sometimes . Eventually , you'll feel happy again . 
I'm enjoying my new room . Even if I haven't painted yet ... or have all my things in here . 
Going to see Cars 2 with the family ! XD I'm so excited !! 
Picking paint tomorrow , then painting my room , THEN I can finally move stuff in ! 
* that awkward moment when someone comments on a status from a long time ago , and you realize they were on your profile * 
Half of my stuff is in my new room . May I say , THIS IS EPIC . Seriously , my room is awesome . 
:/ Myeh . 
* that awkward moment when no one texts you and no one posts anything on Facebook and you wonder if everyone else died and left you alone * 
Dear Population ;\ 
Stop feeling sorry for yourself . \ 
Thanks ! 
I need to get a new hobby . I guess it's time to relearn the recorder . 
:D Wow , today was actually pretty great . 
I just cleaned my reeds . DON'T JUDGE ME . 
You are = you're\ 
Possession = your\ 
GET IT FLIPPING RIGHT . MY IQ IS DROPPING READING YOUR INCORRECT STATUSES . GO BACK TO THIRD GRADE . 
Hey , guess what ? I'm almost not paper white ! 
Oh gosh . < PROPFIRST > is having a \summer swim\ " for the band kids . It's all fun and games until the band director shows up in a swimsuit . Then everyone goes suicidal . " 
Just keep thinking that , because no one else does . 
Mom bought me Finding Nemo paintings . XD 
Well , tomorrow's my last real day of freedom . 
My neighbors are setting off epic fireworks ! 
Practicing the Arabesques < PROPFEMALE > gave me . :) I love this piece sooooo much . 
Thanks , guys . Now every parent who's ever wanted to murder their child has hope that they can get away with it . 
Omg , the nervous band feeling is actually not making me want to throw up yet ! :D Making progress ! 
At my lesson about to learn . :) 
wishes she was on vacation . :( 
Can someone please tell me why people say \comment only\ " on statuses like \ " truth is \"?" 
Stopped back at my house to get internet for Charms , clean the pool , and take care of the cats . While I'm here , might as well jump in the pool after band today . No breaks for the last half hour = literal blood , sweat , and tears . 
I don't llike creepy movies , I don't like bloody movies , and I do NOT want to watch \Alien\ " . But thanks anyway . " 
Got to see < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > today . :D 
I can't walk . 
The more you remember , the less you forget . ;) 
\I love him so much ! \ " \ 
I was about to change the channel when I saw a clarinet . Can't change it now . :/ 
What is wrong with the world ? A jury finds you innocent because there's no evidence you killed your child ? DON'T YOU THINK SHE WOULD HAVE REPORTED IT IF SHE WAS INNOCENT ?! 
Watching Batman on AMC . ;) 
\Why would I want that ? What kind of person do you think I am ?! \ " \ 
\Tell me the first word that comes to your mind when I say something . \ 
Is it paranoid if you take a knife with you into the shower and keep your back against walls when you leave ? 
Sometimes , life doesn't really feel worth the effort . 
People are always getting on my case about how attached I am to my clarinet . \ 
Get over it . 
* walks outside * \I can't breathe ! \"" 
Lightning-*zaps Dale*\ 
That's what you get for being such a big target . 
Crap . Nervous again . 
Please save me . < PROPFIRST > singing and woodwinds doing absolutely nothing . * dies * 
Waiting for < PROPFEMALE > for my lesson . \ 
Today was boring until full band . Full band was epic . :D 
Playing with full band > playing alone with recording . 
I think our show music is beautiful . <3 
I don't need to make you believe I'm a good clarinetist . I just need to make myself think I am . 
Okay , so I want a microphone this year . I will get it or I will steal yours . \ 
Thanks . :) 
I wish music rehearsals lasted 12 hours a day .. 
* that awkward moment when you realize you are actually in a relationship with your clarinet and have taken it to dinner * 
Band . \ 
It's what we do . 
\We're with Mr. < PROPMALE > for the next two weeks . \ " \ 
Never play hangman with Gabby . 
Is it MY fault you're an idiot ? NO . 
I want to be in high school forever . After marching band , WHAT WILL I HAVE ?! 
Watching amazing clarinet players on an old tv show . :D 
MONSTERS , INC . ON ABC FAMILY !! XD 
Fact : There have only been 12 Disney Pixar Movies released to date , and only two more announced for the future . \ 
Bug's Life , Finding Nemo , The Incredibles , Cars , Cars 2 , Toy Story , Toy Story 2 , Toy Story 3 , Up , Monsters Inc ., Ratatouille , and Wall-e are the only ones released . Brave and Monsters University are set to come out in 2012 and 2013 , respectively . 
Dear < PROPFIRST > Anthony , \ 
Good luck trying to go out and party now that you're out of jail . No one wants to party with you , you freaking murderer . 
You know what ? I give up . I'm just going to stop freaking out about every detail of every single thing I do . 
I can't wait until Friday !!!! XD 
Precamp 9-5 starting tomorrow . Who's ready to get sunburned ?! XD 
Here we go again . 
Dear Dale :\ 
I don't appreciate having to memorize a new part . Maybe you should have worked out how many on a part BEFORE you gave the music to us . 
* sigh of relief * 
Everyday , I wake up wondering why I get up . \ 
But I think I've figured it out . 
Yay ! Drill today ! And my parents get home ! Unfortunately , I'm so tired that it's hard to keep my eyes open . 
* Mr. < PROPFIRST>'s improv visual * 
If anybody wants to pray for me , I could really use it right now . 
Mr. Clark-\Guys are better clarinet players anyway . \ " * everyone looks at each other * " 
My feet still hurt . 
So , I pretty much had the worst day ever today . 
I feel right now that no one really cares about me . Life is so shallow . 
Today : I wrote down the wrong yardline , got hit in the face with a guard flag , chipped my mouthpiece , hit my toe on the door , and got sunburned in weird places . \ 
Not my day today . 
I hate this Facebook chat . 
Band party in 45 minutes ! :D 
So tired of feeling lonely and exhausted . 
The band party was so much fun . :) So ready for band camp . 
I am so annoyed . I would love to smack all the idiots in the world . 
Who's ready to spend 12 hours per day with me this week ? :) 
Exhausted . INSANELY . 
\Those stu-highly intelligent saxes are ahead of us ? \ " * under breath * \ " That's so stupid . \ " - Mr. < PROPMALE > . ;) " 
I sang the whole part of the opener we ran through today while everyone else played because Mr. < PROPMALE > was fixing my clarinet . 
Woke up exhausted and feeling like I've done a trillion crunches . 
Thank goodness for Mr. < PROPMALE > . 
Dear Dentists : Please hurry . I need to get back to band . 
Today was AMAZING . \ 
AND I GOT MY MOUTHPIECE TODAY !!!! :D 
Wow . That was awkward . 
Can't stop sneezing . :( 
It feels good to wake up without having to go march in the heat immediately . 
Prayers are welcome . My grandma has to decide if she wants surgery to try and save her life . She is having intense bleeding and the doctor don't know what the cause is . It doesn't look like she'll make it , so we're praying she'll go quickly and suffer less . 
Just discovered apple pie gum . It's amazing . 
Mom's leaving tomorrow because it looks like Grandma is going to die withing 24 hours . If anyone wants to keep my family in their prayers , I'd appreciate it . 
So , I just woke up and realized I've been dreaming about marching . This explains why I subconsciously remember switching sides very quickly and why all my blankets have been kicked all over the room . 
This schedule is going to kill me . \ 
1st Trimester-French 1A , English II Language Pre Ap , Probability and Statistics , Beginning Music Theory , Sophomore Band A . \ 
2nd Trimester-French 1B , Algebra II A Pre AP , Modern World Beginnings , Biology A Pre AP , Sophomore Band B . \ 
3rd Trimester-Modern World Global Stage , Biology B Pre Ap , Algebra II B Pre Ap , English II literature Pre Ap , Sophomore Band C . 
Driving home from Evansville , where we dropped Mom off at the airport . Sigh . 
I don't have enough classes with my friends !!!! :( 
:( I miss my mom . 
If Facebook ever lets people see who has viewed their profile , I'm in trouble . Lol ;) 
I looked up marching band on UrbanDictionary . The first definition-a cult . Hahahahaha . 
I just got a paper tree . :) 
I wish there was more time in my day . It feels like I just woke up and it's already time to get ready to leave for band , and as soon as that's over , it's time to sleep again ! 
It's hard to focus with so much on my mind . :( 
Hahahaha , our locker is awkward . 
Grandma passed today . :( 
Dear Class of 2015-You were not loud enough today . Even * I * was louder than you last year . 
Feeling pretty bad . 
Gabby's blowing toilet water . 
Can anyone tell me why it is so hard to pray , but easy to swear ? Why clubs are growing and churches are shrinking ? Why it is so hard to re-post a Christian status , but easy to post gossip ? Why we can worship a celebrity , but not Jesus ? Gonna ignore this ? The Lord said , if you deny Me in front of your friends , I will deny you in front of my Father . Re-Post if you're not afraid of what your friends will think . 
So , apparently there's going to be a new Disney show called \Jessie\ " . -.-" 
I need a break from everything . 
Gosh , I love my clarinet . It's always here for me . 
I feel horrible . But I just have to keep my head up and trust that God will help me through . 
Going to Walmart for heliuuuuuum . Lol . 
Wow , I'm tired . And I think I can still hear < PROPFEMALE>'s and < PROPFEMALE>'s helium laugh . 
That awkward moment when someone starts being an idiot on chat so you have to block them . 
Unfortunately , no one I talk to cares , as usual . 
I can't sleep . 
Everyday this summer , my feet were cut and blistered , my face and arms got sunburned , and my muscles became permanently tight and sore . But I know I had a better summer than you people who sat on your couch all summer playing games . 
Has the worst headache in the history of headaches . 
I hate babysitting my idiot brother . Anyone wanna rescue me ? 
Tomorrow is National Phfilbert Awareness Day . Please be aware of your local Phfilbert . 
In 18 hours , you will be sitting in your first class wishing it was still summer . 
Ready ( but not willing ) for school . :/ At least my last two blocks are music classes . 
YOU ARE A SUPERHERO . Here are the rules :\ 
Go to your profile and look at your friends on the left side . \ 
1st person is your sidekick : < PROPMALE > Taylor\ 
2nd person tries to expose your secret : < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Bryan\ 
3rd person is your teammate : Gabby Jones\ 
4th person is your arch nemesis : < PROPFEMALE > Nichole\ 
5th person is your love interest : < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Mueller\ 
Lol , I love how they're all band people . 
If you ever feel lonely , throw yourself into something you love and you'll feel better . 
That 40 minute speech Mr. < PROPFIRST > gave ? All true . It really made me want to get everyone on the same < PROPFEMALE > . I WANT TO BEAT MUHLENBERG AND I WANT TO BE THE BEST . So do it . 
Type your name , type ' @' before each letter , and see who comes first . DON'T CHEAT ! \ 
\ 
J-Gabby Jones\ 
e-Sean < PROPFIRST > Howard\ 
s-Kaye < PROPFEMALE > Kuphal\ 
s-Sarah Warren\ 
i-Icyana Abner\ 
e-Emily Rearden 
When I was 12- \ 
I was in 6th grade-\ 
I wanted to be-a photographer\ 
I loved-reading\ 
My best friends-Casey , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and Skippy \ 
Like this for an age ! 
At the doctor because my throat is very swollen . 
I enjoyed the silent practice today . :) 
I'm so upset right now . I am honestly considering just not doing this ever again . 
I need a hug . 
Not everyone can like everyone else . But even if I don't like you , I'll be nice to you until you give me reason not to . 
I hate having all this homework ! 
Guys , I wanna beat Muhlenberg . \ 
No one steals Phantom's opener and gets away with it ! 
Whoa ..... I just realized this year's band 7th graders won't be freshmen until I'm a senior ... 
I am Phfilbert . I am completely clumsy and very often confused . I work slowly and make mistakes that I fix even more slowly . I have the loudest laugh in the world , and quite often I talk so fast that no one can understand me . \ 
And , as I discovered today , I kick my own ankles when I walk . 
< PROPFIRST > Shears had better give me my hands back or I'm going to kill someone . 
I feel bad . Even though I shouldn't . 
I am so annoyed with a specific person right now that I could ignore them forever . But I won't . I'll just keep being nice . 
Epic practice today , guys ! \ 
On a side note , I am so sunburned . 
What the freak is happening ?! 
I really hate manipulative people . Like seriously , don't lie about someone for no reason . 
Wow , I'm sore . 
Ew . I have to take the PLAN test tomorrow and make a 22 to be allowed to leave on Flex Fridays . 
My throat freaking hurts . AND I CANNOT STOP SNEEZING . AH !! 
I hate being lonely . 
My dad just bought a Mustang . -.- 
If your boyfriend/girlfriend can't make friends with your friends , you shouldn't date them . Just saying . 
My dad's new car is so epic . :) 
I hate Smart Music . UGH . Why can't I use it ?! 
Just found a book that was in my garage about a rice planter . :D Score . 
I took a bunch of pictures of my clarinet with a < PROPFEMALE > . I'm about to post them . 
The dang props cut up my legs and gave me blisters on my hands . But thank goodness we had < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > to help us move the prop . It's too heavy for two people . 
If you're going to be stupid on purpose , I'm not going to be nice back . Idiot . 
Everything you do comes back to hit you eventually . It just takes a while sometimes . 
So my heart is broken , what else is new ? 
I wish Labor Day was tomorrow so I could sleep . 
Saxophone player on TV-\Sorry 
I hate people . 
People always hurt me . They let me down . They say hurtful things . They don't really care . \ 
My clarinets are always here . <3 
Have I really been practicing for three hours ?! 
I need more band and less school . 
I <3 the closer . 
Giving up doesn't always mean you are weak ; sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go . 
Gabby Jones needs to either answer her texts or get on Facebook because I have important things to discuss with her . 
Clarinets who were there today-That was not cool , guys . Have some respects when someone is teaching you . You were really rude to < PROPFEMALE > and the other people there who were trying to learn . Please don't play or talk excessively and at least try to be accurate . I was really embarrassed , and it shouldn't happen again . 
Finally got into SmartMusic !!! <3 
The new Angry Birds Seasons is Asian . :) hahahaha . 
< PROPFEMALE > Hawkins- I <3 you . And just remember that dance whenever you start to get sad . :) 
Haha . This party is cool . < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , AC , Gabby , me , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > are having epic fun . 
That party was the most fun I have had in forever . We're gonna < PROPFEMALE > out more , guys . 
So , maybe I should care more , but my heart is light anyway . \ 
Music is so much better than love . 
If I could , I would so legally marry my clarinet . 
Don't ever let look down when your heart is broken . Instead , look up towards heaven , because that's where you'll have to let it go to heal . 
In 5 days , and four hours , we will be standing on a field and performing . \ 
Keep pushing this week , guys . If we don't get a lot of work done this week , we're not gonna do well on Saturday . \ 
If we keep pushing , we can only get better . 
Hugs don't fix things , but they at least make it hurt less . 
Just realized she's being ignored ...... \ 
What did I do now ?! 
Just had an insane dream about the apocalypse . It was horrible . 
Just cleaned my DrillMasters . :) They're so shiny . 
You're in kindergarten again . Use the first 7 people on your profile . \ 
1 . Your best friend : < PROPFIRST > Miller\ 
2 . The kid eating glue : < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Volk\ 
3 . The kid who steals your crayons : < PROPFEMALE > Hutchinson\ 
4 . The kid picking their nose : < PROPFIRST > Patton ( hahahaha)\ 
5 . The teacher's pet : < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Kuphal\ 
6 . The bully : < PROPFEMALE > Jones\ 
7 . The class clown : < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Mueller 
Nice . Mr. < PROPFIRST > put the 9-10 audition music on SmartMusic , listed it as being due tomorrow , and the tempos are too screwed up to complete the assignment . I set it to a metronome and the little bar that marks where you should be was in the completely wrong place . \ 
So , I'm not doing it . 
If I were a song , I'd want to be that song that touches your heart and makes you cry a little every time you hear it . 
In 4 days and 22 hours , we'll be warming up in arc . :) Oh , the memories . 
Just figured out the career I'm gonna go into : child psychologist . Win . 
The worst feeling in the world is to watch the person you love fall in love with someone else . 
My back hurts , my shoulder hurts , my arm hurts , my legs hurt . But I do it all for band . :) 
Everything hurts less with beautiful music . 
I am pretty dang happy . 
* the one person that can make you smile when you feel like crying * 
Sigh . Competition tomorrow . Let's have a good practice tomorrow , guys . 
Laaaaame . Turn the stadium lights back on . It's not even storming and now we gotta go home . 
I hate everything . 
I can't wait for Saturday . For more than one reason . 
Everybody just have a good time ! 
So .... I can't write my dots down from my schools laptop . I have to use my home laptop , and it's really slow right now . 
Put some hair on it today . :) 
On this day , in 2010 , my status was : \ Mr. Dale-'Clarinets!! ... I could hear you . ' Clarinets-'YES!!'\ "" 
When I was 12 :\ 
I wanted to be a : vet\ 
In a relationship with : er ..... No one ? \ 
I was scared of : people\ 
My best friend was : Kendall\ 
I lived in : Owensboro\ 
Like my status and I'll give you an age . 
Sigh . I have too much homework . About to go have an hour long lesson and then I get to go home and do more homework . 
Can't wait for people to stop talking about homecoming . Like , everyone is posting about it and some people ONLY post about homecoming . I really can't take it anymore . 
Our first competition ( again ) is in two days . :D 
I had the worst day ever today . I'm so angry I could cry and I just want to go home and sleep . But NO . Of course I have to go back to the stupid freaking homecoming game and then back home to be all alone while everyone else is at homecoming . I hate everything . 
The Book . ;D 
I had like the most fun I've ever had . DID YOU HEAR IT ? It didn't go fshhhh , it went BRRRRRRRRRRRRRR ! 
We had an awesome show ! :D 
Needs more weekend . 
\It is true that many creative people fail to make mature personal relationships 
Finally , I have time to practice . 
Maybe it would be better without me . 
Had a really off day today . My mind is so far away ... 
\Did you say clarinet sex ?! \ " - Mr. < PROPMALE > " 
So , now I can't go through my newsfeed on my phone and read all the Most Recent stuff . It's all disorganized and screwy . 
I'd appreciate it if you would get out of my mind . Thanks . 
I just saw < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > working at Culver's . O.o 
http://marching.kyband.com/lineups/daviessco.html\ 
It doesn't feel right that they're coming ..... 
I'm standing here in the rain ...... 
You have to go through the rain to get to the rainbow . 
Daley-Dale . \ 
Hahaha , < PROPFEMALE > , you crack me up . 
So this is what it feels like to go home early .. 
If I lose you , there'll be no clear skies . If you walk away , every day it'll rain . 
I love how I say I'm gonna do a bunch of homework and I wind up playing my clarinet for hours . 
Looking forward to Saturday . Like , a lot a lot a lot . 
