is glad she finally got on here ... :) 

WAS going to the glass museum in Tacoma , but no longer . :( 
is at Manchester w/ Kilah 
is finally going to Seattle tomorrow ... but probably no shopping ... meh . At least we fet to go to szechwan ! I probably didn't spell that right ... 
is in Seattle ! Ahh , civilization ... 
is attempting to socialize ... bear with me ... 
is going to bed now ! 
is going to Silverwood park in Idaho ... hopefully I can get on while I'm there ... 
almost spent the night at the hospital where her great grandma passed away last night at 99 :( I will miss her ! 
is watching < PROPFIRST > Bourdain and drooling ... 
-Great . Just great . 
is going craaazy ! Anyone want to come ?? 
is < PROPFEMALE > glad she has nothing to do today ! Time for some painting :D 
-No school tomorrow and a movie at the Grand Theater with < PROPMALE > Hirsch . Sounds good to me . 
is vegetating in her attic abode at < PROPFIRST>'s . Will be back at school tomorrow ... 
is now indulging in some delicious pudding . 
cannot breathe out of her nose suddenly . 
cared the hell out of that park today . I have sore hands now ... In Seattle though ! 
got up waay too early today ... 
really wants to bake a cake for some reason ! 
made a scene after she missed the bus home , but had a good day otherwise ... 
-this week is SO long ... TGIF ( almost ) . 
had a more or less lovely 2nd half of the day . 
WAS having a good day . But now it's ruined !!!! :D 
is thirsty and tired . Goodnight :) 
just decided to do the rough draft for that humanities paper ... where to start ... 
is really cold and kind of wants to go to sleep but is not tired enough ... 
is glad this stressful week is over ... :) 
is going to see something at the film festival tonight ! 
-super bored 
finished all her math homework ( for once ! ) ! 
Has a crapload of homework to do right now .. 
D: 
is feelin ' lovely . Good day , things to look forward to and just a bit of homework to finish . Only one other thing could make me feel perfect ....! 
would really love to rant about this piece-of-crap , sorry excuse for a town she lives in right now !!!!! 
had an uncomfortable , confusing , disappointing day . 
-if you don't like it , then just don't comment on it . Monday needs to come faster ... 
-wow , Saturday is already almost over ! 
is planning to have a productive day of doing her homework and making a cake :) 
might be getting sick ... :( 
finished the brochure without too much trouble . woot . :) 
' s brain is getting screwed up because it's getting dark so early suddenly ! :o Daylight savings is on Saturdaaaay . 
hopes to spend Halloween in Capitol Hill . Yeah yeah . 
has realized how quickly things changed after being the way they were for so long ... Life feels kind of surreal right now . 
-just learned that there are more < PROPFEMALE > in New York City than in Dublin and more Italians than in Rome . Doesn't that blow your mind ???? 
Holy shizzles , it's almost Friday . Where did the week go ??? 
' s hands are shaking uncontrollably for some reason . Ahh !! 
WISHES SHE HAD GONE TO LORD OF THE DANCE WITH < PROPFEMALE > BECAUSE APPARENTLY A CERTAIN BEAUTIFUL MAN WAS MAGICALLY THERE . 
Michelangelo is coming to the Seattle < PROPMALE > Museum !!!! :D 
GOT HER MIDTERMS AND HAS ALL A'S AND A B . Who knew ? This week will be a dandy one . I LOVE EVERYBODY . Adios . 
Secret spies from < PROPFEMALE > try to steal your mind's elation , a little girl from Sweden dreams of silver screen quotation . And if you want these kind of dreams it's Californication . 
Ugh . I can't find my tablet pen . I think I'm screwed ... 
Really ?! Was that last math assignment's sole purpose to give me carpel tunnel ? Because those stupid theorems that took an hour to write are NOT helping me . I'm trying to find out if < PROPFEMALE > 4 and < PROPFEMALE > 7 are congruent , not supplementary !!! Is that the same thing or something ? I DON'T KNOW , why isn't any homework that is HELPFUL ever assigned ? All I know is that geometry is useless and needs to go away . 
is NOT looking forward to tomorrow . Sorry everybody , I've already checked out for the break .... which could come a little faster , by the way . 
is ready for a lazy day :D 
-Stupid football . It's making me bored :P haha 
is hungry now . Goodbye . 
thinks < PROPMALE > is a weirdoooo ! 
Noo ! School on Monday ! I'm going into denial . 
-Yes ! I think I found a couple of good tye-dye shirts ! ( At last ! ) :D I'm very tired now . 
was the finest man in all of New York City . And as he strutted through Central Park , his lovely-ass scent filled the noses of everyone around and they sighed , not quite able to keep their eyes off of him . ( < PROPFEMALE > , I just found this and I am loling . <3 u ) 
is going to go craft some comb sheaths ! 
-One more week !!!!! 
Oh my God , THREE more annotations ! I feel like my hands are going to fall off !! 
-grr , it's still only Tuesday ... go faster , week ! 
I effed up my laptop . BAD . And dance class is stressing me out majorly . Kill me please . :( 
-Stupid Taco < PROPFEMALE > , getting my order wrong . Well , the rest of the day was fun . And sleeping in tomorrow has me all excited !!! :D 
-Was just presented with a new awesome digital camera !!!!! :D 
San < PROPFEMALE > rocks !!! Having a great week , I'm so moving here . Of to see a dance show :) 
-Leaving tonight :( But this was an awesome trip ! Hopefully we can hit Chinatown to buy knick knacks today lol . 
Back in Warrshington ..... 
wants some ham . 
Grr . A little frustrated at the moment . 
omg it's christmas < PROPFEMALE > . 
-one last week :( 
I don't want to go to bed but i should . 
just had hamburger helper ! 
-Crap . I have a little bit of a sore throat . :( Please go away , sore throat . 
has to volunteer at the interviews tomorrow ! Is anyone else ?? 
blonde 
weird . 
< PROPFEMALE > Griffin Friday ! :D 
-fixed schedule = major relief . 
getting my permit tomorrow ( at last ) :) 
Cake and a new Sims game . It's a good night . 
Space Luge is also canceled . 
Finally posted a bunch of pictures ... 
Summer and all its warmth and happiness is nearing . 
Whew , nearly Friday already . How the time flies when you have a million things happening at once . Crazy ! 
Today was quite wonderful . 
Ugh . My dumb artistic response is NOT turning out . I hate magic markers ! 
Is not looking forward to having 2 thursdays . Oh well , keep on truckin ' . 
EXHAUSTED . 
Nevermind . I'm just going to bed . NIGHT :D 
I really should stop procrastinating , but I have no idea what the Krebs cycle is and looking it up is way too much effort . 
I want to see Fiddler on the Roof today .... badly ... 
on facebook on the wii ! 
Fun day at folklife with Addies !!! 
That's it , everyone ! No more homework , white papers , trudging to class through the rain and getting up at the crack of < PROPFEMALE > ! It was still an great year , but I am definitely ready for summer :) 
Tell me somethin ' good 
AKA \Citizen Snips\ " !!! Futurama is making a comeback June 24th !! :D " 
Going to Targetttt ! 
Rawr !!! Even when I think I'm getting organized , I can never find anything !!! Ever !!! :( 
Yes ! I love it when my computer is nice to me and works !! 
BORED . I want the new Sims 3 game :3 
I can't believe the weather is STILL CRAPPY !! :( 
I love my daddy ! 
Ahhh , a day alone for once :) The Breakfast Club is an interesting movie ... 
Had a great B-day ! :D Thanks to everyone who wrote on my wall . <3 
Went to Pride Fest . Going to go wash the bubble soap out of my eyes now :) 
My computer is sort of broken AGAIN . But this time it's not my fault at least !! :D 
I miss everybody :( 
Teeth are killlllinnngggg meeee . >:( 
Camping tomorrow for like a week . Gonna be awesome ! :D I think I'll be able to text ... 
POTSTICKERS 
crazy 
The Color Purple 
My cat has an eye infection !!! D: 
I forgot to check out the meteors last night !! >:( 
Going to Hawaii in 2 days , and after over 2 YEARS , I FINALLY have a real house ! Life is good . 
... So does anyone know what the unidentified aircraft that stirred up this commotion actually was ?? 
Stepped on a freaking sea urchine . You don't want to know the remedy . 
Disaster Date on MTV . Haha . 
Urrrgghhh ... 
2 more days in Hawaii :( BUT CAMP NEXT WEEK ! :) 
I have HBO now ond demand now ! Six Feet Under is awesome . 
:D 
R.I.P. < PROPFEMALE > Drake . 2010- last night , when I accidentally killed her because she was a CHEAPLY MADE , PURPLE , GRAPE-SMELLY < PROPFEMALE > FROM < PROPFEMALE > . 
I litterally do not have time to finish all this illustration homework !!! How does < PROPFEMALE > expect me to just whip out all this stuff she assigns in 2 days ? Rawr ! 
Going to the dentist rocks . Got me a new toothbrush ;) 
I <3 Pho 
Went for a bike ride . Feels great to get some excercise ! 
T.g.i.f. 
Just saw \The Social Network\ " . Facebook has become that much more fascinating . " 
I wish there was a clean , simple way of letting people know how you feel . 
You pop that gum ONE more time ..... 
I could use some ritalin right about ...... oh yeah , now . 
Awesome weekend !!! Doing math homework ... back to reality ... 
Friday will be fun 
Just < PROPFEMALE > danced for the first time in about 50 million years . I realized I had forgotten about 70% of the steps ( not good ! ) . 
How had I not seen \A Very Potter Musical\ " until now ? Amazing ! " 
Toured CWU today . I'm already excited for college . 
It's all becoming perfectly clear 
Loca , loca , loca ! 
I like ice cream blizzards better than snow ones that knock your power out 
Got a dandy little car today 
That happiness project has made me so unhappy . Was I the only one who thought it was the final and did it wrong ? 
Not digging the new facebook look . 
I would have so much fun if I had a camouflage ghillie suit ... 
My god , tomorrow is Christmas . I got a GPS :3 Now I will drive to < PROPFEMALE > . 
Getting my lisence right nowwww . I'm rollin ' . 
Had a lovely day watching Chicago and Mean Girls with Lexa , < PROPFEMALE > Beller and Mocha :D 
Buying gasoline is depressing . 
\Somebody help ! Baby assaulter ! \ " \ " HEY YOU ! Go assault your own baby ! \ " . Haha . Spongebob is so < PROPMALE >." 
I <3 < PROPFEMALE > Lima 
There is this hilarious public hygiene announcement on the radio with a jingle that goes \Wash-your-hands-ington ! \ " * clap clap * . What is wrong with our state ? " 
Funniest weekend ever . I <3 my ladies , Lexa Malfoy-Hospenthal and < PROPFEMALE > Beller . 
Uhhhh ... I just found a Pikachu band-aid in my purse . 
Looking forward to a brighter week ( AND FRENCH QUESADILLAS ! ) 
