' s plan was not to gain any weight over the holidays . Didn't necessarily care if I lost weight , just didn't want to gain any . And I did it ! So my resolution for 2010 is to get back to exercising ( which lapsed back around Thanksgiving ) and continue working toward a healthy weight . 20lbs down so far . 

Hatchlings , FarmVille , and Farm Town friends : I'm going to be taking a break from these games for awhile . Too much to do and too little time ! I have the apps blocked , so please don't waste gifts on me--I'll never see them anyway . I may stop in and fiddle around occasionally and send out some gifts , but otherwise I'm gone from them for awhile . 
My cat has the hiccups . The look of consternation on her face is priceless . >^..^< 
Thank you all for the Happy Birthdays ! :D 
is trying to make herself do treatment plans but the garden is beckoning ... 
Only one client today and then I'm done for the week . And there's a Dutch Bros . Mocha Carburetor in my near future . It's a good day ! 
Gorgeous day , the cleaning lady can't come , the DH is hiring a guy for yardwork , looks like I'm spending all day in the garden again . Darn ! ;) 
MIGRAINE !!!!! 
Happy 4th Y'all!! 
I am Gumby dammit ! 
But if the Klan itself was defeated , its aims had largely been achieved through the establishment of < PROPMALE > Crow laws . 
Off to bed :: yawn :: 
is still worshiping at the shrine of Our Lady of the Perpetual Period , and she is getting tired of it . Menopause sucks . :P 
Sleep that knits up the ravelled sleave of care The death of each day's life , sore labour's bath Balm of hurt minds , great nature's second course , Chief nourisher in life's feast . ~ William Shakespeare , Macbeth 
Wildlife Wednesday : Since being placed on the endangered species list in 1973 , the California’s Southern Sea Otter population has increased from 1,789 in 1976 to 2,760 in 2008 . 
Facebook has agreed to let third-party advertisers use your posted pictures without your permission . Click on SETTINGS up at the top where you see the Logout link . Select PRIVACY . Then select NEWS FEEDS AND WALL . Next select the tab that reads FACEBOOK AD 
To sleep , perchance to dream .... off to bed am I . 
is HOT . HOT HOT HOT HOT HOT . It is , at this moment , 104 degrees outside . And did I mention -- HOT !! 
Right now -- right this very second -- I am sitting on my couch , shelling and eating fresh raw peas . Eat your heart out , < PROPFEMALE > Kern ! ;-) 
I hate PCs I hate PCs I hate PCs . My laptop died for the 2nd time in 4 months today . I've had enough of it so I went to Best Buy and bought a new one . Now I'm transferring data -- again , for the 2nd time in 4 months . I'd never own another PC in my life if I 
Today's Wildlife Wednesday fact : This year , the < PROPFEMALE > Mammal Center has admitted more than 1,114 patients ( they normally average 600 per year ) , the most ever in its 30+ year history . Out of that number , over 860 of those are California Sea Lions . The ani 
My happy thought for the day : \The earth laughs in flowers\ " - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ( Thanks < PROPFEMALE >!!)" 
RAIN !! It's raining in Portland ! In AUGUST ! Miracles never cease ! 
I have a really pissed off scrub < PROPFIRST > outside my living room window right now . He's been squawking non-stop for about 15 minutes . I'm not entirely sure , but I think he's blessing me out for not refilling the bird feeder yet . :D 
is tired and achy and feverish and she's going to bed , dammit . 
Guten Nacht , y'all! 
Signing off . Hasta Manana y'all! 
Hasta la vista , baby ! 
is off to Powell's with my mom . Oh boy oh boy oh boy !!! :) 
Over and out ! 
Farmville friends : Is anybody else having trouble getting into the app ? I can access the send gifts < PROPFEMALE > and the neighbors < PROPFEMALE > , but whenever I try to go to my farm , it stalls out on the \loading game\ " < PROPFEMALE > . I haven't been able to get on since about 1030 a.m. My cows are gonna ' splode if I don't get to them soon ! " 
Passing this on from a friend : \Several people this morning have had < PROPMALE > viruses attack their pcs while they were on facebook . Make sure you do a full virus scan today to ensure your pc's integrety isn't lost . It's a trojan virus . \"" 
went blueberry picking today and found it to be a very Zen activity . 
is off to harvest veggies in her REAL garden . :) 
It is 11 p.m. on August 24th . I am sitting in my living room with all my windows open , listening to frogs and coyotes , and I just had to tuck my feet up under my skirt because it's 63 degrees in here and they're cold . All is right with my world . :D 
More on < PROPMALE>'s Odyssey , which I just found out : 10% of all Gwen’s domestic royalties from < PROPMALE > ’s Odyssey will be donated to organizations that serve abused , abandoned , and disabled animals , including Blind Cat Rescue and Sanctuary , Inc . Cool , huh ? 
is suffering from a severe case of the Food Stupids . Zzzzzzzzz ... 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . ( Bears repeating , doesn't it ? ) 
To my Farm Town buddies : Thanks for the piggies ! I just love the way they fall over and go to sleep . :) And < PROPFEMALE > , thanks for the < PROPFEMALE > in honor of Miss < PROPFEMALE>'s Kittens ! :D 
Shouldn't this just be completely obvious in a wealthy , civilized , first-world country ? No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
just blanched tomatoes for the first time in at least 25 years . Successfully ! :) 
Wildlife Wednesday fact : Sea otters are one of the only < PROPFEMALE > mammals to use tools . They eat animals with shells , like clams and abalone , and use a stone to break open the shells . When sea otters are under wa ... ter searching for food , they store what they have found in the skin folds at their armpits . Adult sea otters can eat 25%-30% of their body weight in one day ! 
New rule in our house : Do not let a feverish , hungry woman shop without supervision . Left work early , stopped at the store to get cat food and milk ( seriously ! ) , and came home with about 8 bags of mostly carbs . 
Apparently the FAN CHECK site DOES NOT contain a virus but does cause complications and errors in FB and many add-on apps . It seems FAN CHECK was used as a phishing site to scare people into thinking they've been exposed to a virus then lead the ... m to various spyware sites to sell security software , etc . No virus has been detected anywhere . Deleting the application should take care of any problems it's been causing . 
Wildlife Wednesday fact : Did you know Ostriches do not bury their heads in the ground when in danger ? It might seem like their heads are buried , but they are actually just stretching their long necks flat on the ground while asleep . 
Received a notification from fb today that a friend had sent me a URL . I've never received a URL this way before and it made me suspicious , plus the URL just looks hinky . Checked with my friend , she did NOT send the URL . Do not click on the URL if you receive it -- it may be a malicious site . URL below munged so it can't be accidentally clicked . ( Name ) sent you this : http : // bit . ly / 101DJF 
So long farewell , auf weidersehen goodnight ... it's off to bed am I . See you all tomorrow ! 
says it's an absolutely GORGEOUS fall day , and she's going to go drive around with the windows down and the radio up for awhile . See y'all later . :D 
Farm Town Neighbors : I am taking some time off from Farm Town . I'm leaving my farm up and will probably check in from time to time , but I can't keep up with 75 gift requests a day between FV and FT . :) Go ahead and take me off your gift list for FT for now . Thanks y'all! 
Turning in early tonight . I just fell asleep in between moving hay bales on FV . Seriously ! All this late-night farming has taken its toll . Later , y'all . 
FV friends ! We've got gopher issues !! 
loves chicken tikka masala , mopped up with < PROPMALE>'s Killer Bread ( Good Seed Flourless Sprouted Wheat ) . 
is off to walk . Won't be any lynx today , we're walking through town . Need a break from those hills . :) 
We have rain , thunder , and lightning ( but no wind -- yay ! ) . I've got a fresh mug of coffee , I just started a fire , I'm drying herbs ( chives , right now ; still to go : < PROPFEMALE > , thyme , oregano , and a 2nd batch of lavender ) , getting supper prepped ( bacon-wrapped filets , coleslaw , roasted new potatoes ) and doing some knitting in between . It's a good day to be inside . :) 
Fall in Oregon . Beautiful . 
is starting a fire in the fireplace and plans to spend the day editing photos , knitting , and catching up on TiVo . Anybody wanna join me ? :) 
My < PROPFEMALE > is dying . We have a 12:00 appointment to put him to sleep . Today sucks . :( 
It has been a crappy week for kitties in my family . We lost < PROPMALE > last Wednesday , and then my mom had to put her cat Bandit to sleep today . Bandit , aka The Duchess , was at least 20 years old ( not real sure ' cause she was a stray ) , a beautiful black and white fluffy < PROPFEMALE > , who , like < PROPMALE > , came with insta-purr pre-installed . RIP , Bandit . 
Rolling down the road , Going no where , Guitar packed in the trunk ; Somewhere round mile marker 112 , Papa started hummin the funk . 
As God is my witness , I thought turkeys could fly . 
Bonsoir , facebook folk , gotta go back up the ' puter . :) 
Mmmm ... Fresh pomegranate seeds . Very yum . 
is enjoying another perfect fall day in the PNW : cool & crisp , bright blue skies , puffy white clouds , and the mountain is out in all its < PROPFEMALE > . 
Thanksgiving at Che ' Mer : Herbed turkey breast and parsnips slow-cooked overnight in the crockpot ; turkey gravy ; carrot-pecan casserole ; roasted fingerling potatoes with < PROPFEMALE > and garlic ; home-made cranberry sauce ; sausage stuffing ; and home-made pumpkin pie . Happy Thanksgiving Day , y'all! 
Just finished angel hair pasta with butter , parmesan , lemon juice , and lobster . Happy tummy . :) 
Off to work , gotta stop playing Farmville .... 
I am Dyslexia of Borg . Prepare to have your ass laminated . 
The Dude abides . 
... and then < PROPFEMALE > staked < PROPFIRST > . The end . 
I am now an officially ordained Dudeist priest , I kid you not . I can do weddings , even . :D 
Lonely bulls now ! Put one in your dairy and you'll have a < PROPMALE > of finding a calf when you collect the milk . I cannot wait for my first baby calf !! 
Attention Farmville Players ! You can now put 100 gifts under your tree , instead of 60 ! 
finished cleaning out the garden beds today and is now hunkered down with flashlights , ipod , batteries , hurricane candles , and lots and lots of firewood just in case the storm is as bad as they predict . 
Fire in the wood stove , fresh pot of Chocolate < PROPFEMALE > coffee , Xmas tunes on the iPod , happy animals sacked out all over the living room , hours of entertainment available from the interwebs , and a baby blanket to finish . Color me content . :) 
Attention OSers ! Tonight I was fortunate to meet my very first in-person Salonista ! I am happy to report that < PROPFEMALE > Colver is as enjoyable in real life as she is online . Happy birthday , < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
Outside : < PROPFEMALE > , breezy , 28 degrees . Inside : soon-to-be-roaring fire , coffee with eggnog , christmas movies and music , and warm cuddly critters . In other words , bliss . :) 
Happy Birthday to a radical , nonviolent , anti-death penalty , anti-public prayer ( M 6:5 ) , never anti-gay , non-english-speaking , long-haired , brown-skinned , homeless , socialist , middle-eastern , poor-people-loving Jew . Jesus , you are my kinda guy . ( Stolen from < PROPFEMALE > , who brazenly stole it from somebody else's status . ) 
Hot coffee on a cold day , one of life's greatest little pleasures . :) 
farmville friends -- about to start loading my tree -- watch for special presents ! 
Farmville friends -- starting another present marathon . Come and get ' em ! :) 
Over and out . :: yawn :: 
I see angels on Ariels in leather and chrome , Swooping down from heaven to < PROPFEMALE > me home 
Wildlife Wednesday fact : Although the Okapi bears striped markings like zebras , it is most closely related to the giraffe ! Today there are approximately 10,000 - 20,000 in the wild , living mainly in the Ituri < PROPMALE > , a dense rainforest in central Africa . 
is watching The Pillars of the Earth . Prolly should have read the book first , which I have on my bookshelf AND my Kindle , oh well ... 
Brown . 
Dark < PROPFEMALE > . 
Ladies ! Our red , black , pink , blue , white , butterflied , cheetah printed , and clear bra colors made the channel 4 SLC news tonight ( per one of my fb friend , and I have no idea where she is ) . Facebook doesn't know who started it going but the < PROPFEMALE > B Kolman foundation says it was a great way to raise awareness for breast cancer . Way to go ! Post this on your walls and spread the word again 
is heading off to unpack at her nice , new , shiny office . 
Take a walk in their shoes for an hour .... My wish for 2010 is that people will understand autism is not a disease ; people with autism are not looking for a cure but for ACCEPTANCE ! 93% won't copy and paste this . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
My cats are playing thunder-paws all over the house . >^..^< 
Guten tag , y'all . :) 
I smelled a goat under your bed because I'm sexy and I do what I want . And my husband sang to my neighbor in a hole because he's cool like that . Make of it what you will . :D 
Ahhhh --- ruby red grapefruit , hazelnut coffee , and apple walnut pie -- the breakfast of champions . :) 
Today's Wildlife Wednesday fact : A firefly's ability to glow , known as bioluminescence , is caused by the combination of two chemical enzymes produced in their abdomen . The flashing glow of the firefly is a form of communication which allows males to court females before mating as well as to deter predators . 
\I can't control the kittens . Too many whiskers ! Too many whiskers ! \"" 
First and goal ! Wait for it .... wait for it ..... Yeah , baby ! WHO DAT !!!!! 
YES ! THE SAINTS ARE GOING TO THE SUPERBOWL !!!! WHO DAT ! WHO DAT ! WHO DAT SAY DEY GONNA BEAT DEM SAINTS !!! 
If you have a best friend that will drop everything for you , be there for you through thick and thin , and still love you when you mess up and still loves you for all your faults , copy and paste this to your status !!!! And you know who you are !!!! I am also blessed to have more than one friend like this ! 
is eating Mom's Pea Soup and Dumplings -- the best food in the world for a sick girl . 
WHO DAT !!!!!!!!! Hells Yeah ! 
Fuck yeah that just won us the game ! WHO DAT ! WHO DAT ! WHO DAT SAY THEY GONNA BEAT DEM SAINTS ! Not the Colts , that's for damn sure ! 
The New Orleans Saints just won the Super Bowl by 14 POINTS . GEAUX SAINTS !!!!! WHO DAT !! 
NOBODY ! DAT WHO ! 
This child of the ' 70s got to see Cheech & < PROPFIRST > live last night , and is happy to report that they are still funny as hell . And she got a nice little contact high from her \neighbors\ " at the show . :D " 
' s friend < PROPFEMALE > Richardson posted : Our Father who < PROPMALE > in Vancouver , hockey be thy name . Thy will be done , the gold will be won , on ice as well as in the stands . Give us this day , our hockey sticks , and forgive us our penalties as we forgive those who cross check against us . Lead us not into elimination but deliver us to victory . In the name of the Canadian hockey teams , AMEN ! ?? ? GO CANADA GO ?? 
3 .... 2 .... 1 .... HOCKEY !!! Go USA !! 
FUCK ! ( pardon my language ) 
SCORE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
SCORRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRE ! TIE GOAL ! It's going to overtime , folks !!! GO USA !!!!! 
Congratulations , Canada . You fought hard for that win . I wish we could have won it , but hey ... at least it wasn't the Russians . :) Our guys look so sad . :( 
Text the word \CHILE\ " to 25383 to donate $10 on behalf of the Habitat for Humanity . " 
:: YAWN :: Nighty-night , all . 
Overheard by the DH on the < PROPMALE > ( continued in comments ): 
Today , over 21,000 teachers were given pink slips in California . In honor of ALL teachers , copy this into your facebook status . We are willing to post colors of our underwear , and places we were born . Let's honor those who have made an impact in ALL of our lives ! In the comments name teachers who have impacted you ! 
Yes we can , and yes we did . 
From the DCCC : Yes We Did ! The House just hit 216 votes for passing the Health Care reconciliation < PROPMALE > . 
I have been on fb most of the last 9 hours . It is time for me to sign off and go do something productive . Later y'all! 
would just like to say that she thinks people who come to work sick and spread their germs around should be < PROPMALE > up by their pinky toes . That is all . 
( < PROPFEMALE > ) treasured the courtesy and kindness she found in Tennessee , a welcome contrast to the backstabbing and sniping of Hollywood . “Of course in the South we talk about people too , ” she said . “But if you end your comments with ‘Bless her heart , ’ you’re off the hook . ” RIP , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 1939 - 2010 
EVERYONE , PLEASE IGNORE THE SPAMBOT MOVIE . If you get some movie about an Obama , < PROPFEMALE > movie , IGNORE IT . I have at least 5 friends ( plus myself ) who've confirmed that they've received this virus , and not all from the same source . If it shows up on your < PROPFEMALE > , don't click , just delete it ! Your friends will thank you . :) 
finished her CEUs today while sitting in the sun in the garden . Woohoo ! 
I think so , Brain , but you know burlap chafes me so . 
Congratulations\ 
to my hard-working hubby for graduating from his MBA program last \ 
night ! It's been a long 3 years but it's finally over , and now we get to have \ 
some fun . Love you !! 
THANK YOU for all the birthday wishes !! I have enjoyed reading all the messages today , it helped make for a great birthday . You guys are awesome ! :) 
Out on the road today , I saw a deadhead sticker on a Cadillac . Little voice inside my head said , don't look back , you can never look back . 
I am dyslexia of Borg . Prepare to have your ass laminated . 
just had a nearly orgasmic foodie experience : eating fresh , raw , wild < PROPFEMALE > , from a < PROPFEMALE > comb from the hives in our pasture . Oh my GAWD you would not believe how good that is !!! 
would rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints . 
Well we know where we're going , but we don't know where we've been 
has decided that perhaps a change in profile pic will cheer her up . 
thinks that , having flung herself head-first into a container of tira misu , she should probably go to sleep before the caffeine kicks in . ' Night y'all! 
is ridiculously excited about the 5 gallon bucket of straw and chicken manure she just got from her neighbor . :D 
Is editing pics and watching firefly . \ 
\ 
Mmmmm , Capt . Mal .... 
Migraine ... so bad it hurts my head when I swallow . Would somebody please just drill a hole in the side of my head to let the pressure out ? 
is bundled up in sweats , t-shirt , sweater , AND SOCKS !! ( but still wearing Birkies ) . Opened the windows last night and when we got up this morning it was 60 * in the house . Loverly !! Won't need the A/C today ! 
We are Sex < PROPMALE > Bomb and we are here to kick your ass . ONE TWO THREE FOUR !!! 
' Courage in women is often mistaken for insanity . ' 
How to drive a border collie crazy : Launch the tennis ball INTO the fenced garden . 
All down the street they're standin ' in line with white lipstick and one thing on their mind 
Burn the land and boil the sea , you can't take the sky from me . 
Farmville friends : Is anyone else getting spam-mailed by \friends\ " you've never heard of being overjoyed that you ( or they ) are back ? Or am I the chosen one ? " 
Look here comes a prodigal son\ 
Fetch him a tall drink of water\ 
But there's none in the cup ' cause he drank it all up\ 
Left for the prodigal daughter 
just heard a < PROPMALE > Cohen song , Who By Fire , from 1974 . How the hell have I gotten this far in life and never heard this amazing song before ?! 
The following amuses me . Please copy and paste this to\ 
your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who\ 
needs a foot up the ass . People who need a foot up the ass affect the\ 
lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves\ 
a foot up the ass , except a foot up the ass . But we can raise\ 
awareness ... 93% of people won't repost this . Because they too need a\ 
foot up the ass 
< PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , & O'Donnell . who struck me as the kookiest of the kooks , all lost , which is a huge relief . Rand < PROPFIRST > made it in , and < PROPMALE > Grayson lost in FL , both of which are disappointments . So , it's bad but could be a lot lot worse . 
is enjoying the first snowfall of the season . Yay ! 
Happy Thanksgiving , y'all! 
is snuggled up in her cozy house with a cat and a big mug of hot cocoa , listening to Trans-Siberian Orchestra . If ya gotta be unemployed , this is the way to do it . :) 
is very happy that the recent cold snap freeze-dried all the ginormous spiders that were living in the wood box . ;) 
Every Christmas you always hear people saying what they want and bought . Well this is what I want , I want people who are sick with no cure to be able to be cured . I want children with no families , to be adopted . I want people to never have to worry about food and shelter & heat . Pass it on . 
feels strongly that if it's going to be this bloody cold , there should at least be snow !! 
The birds are fed , the kitchen is stocked with the essentials ( Milk and < PROPFEMALE > Mist Natural ) , and there's enough wood in the house to keep the stove going for a couple of days without having to go back out to the woodbox . Bring it on , Mother Nature ! 
Heading out for job interview . Wish me luck ! 
Copy this and paste it in your status if you know someone , or have heard of someone who knows someone . If you don't know anyone , or even if you've heard of someone who doesn't know anyone , then do still copy this . It's important to spread the message . Oh and the hearts ? ? ? ... for crap's sake don't forget the hearts ! ? ? ? Hearts mean love . If you don't love anyone , pretend . 
Wag more , bark less . 
Farm friends -- is anyone else having gifts just disappear from their request < PROPFEMALE > ? I just had about 45 disappear -- poof ! -- while I was accepting a help request and this has happened 2x on my other account too . 
If vegans love animals so much , then why do they keep eating their food ? \ 
( stolen from < PROPFEMALE > Scheffler ) 
Uninstalling dictator in progress ... please wait !! ?????????????? ... 99% complete 
\Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable . \ " - < PROPFIRST > F . Kennedy " 
Chicken tikka masala unplugs sinuses much more effectively than sudafed , and it's a lot more fun to ingest . \ 
Now finishing it up with chocolate Fage , to put the fire out . 
has Nyquil on board and is enjoying a nice hot cup of Bengal Tiger tea with cream and backyard < PROPFEMALE > , and then it's off to bed to sleep this stupid virus away . I will wake up tomorrow bright-eyed and bushy-tailed and completely recovered . 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is feeling completely unmotivated to do anything remotely productive with her evening . 
Off to job interview -- wish me luck , y'all . 
ye GHODS , if this migraine doesn't die soon , I may have to go at my skull with the power drill . 
is exhausted ' cause I only slept about 4-1/2 hours last night . Well , make that this morning , since I didn't actually get to sleep until sometime after 630 a.m. Not being able to sleep when hubby is gone becomes a real problem when he's gone for a long stretch . 
WHOOP !!! Just got a call from the Children's Center , where I interviewed on Wednesday . They want me to come out again next Friday and meet again with the clinical director and the HR person , as well as the two clinical staff that I would be working directly with if I were to get the job , and give me a tour of the new building they're moving into in a couple weeks . \ 
This has to be good news , right ?! 
Godiva Dark Chocolate Hot Cocoa makes all other hot chocolate taste like weak tea . Gawd , this stuff is good . :D 
In the stock pot : 2 chicken carcasses , water , fresh-ground pepper , tarragon , bay leaves , onions , a little white wine , and a dash each of nutmeg , cinnamon , and paprika . This will eventually be stock , which will eventually be chicken soup . 
My cat just jumped up on my lap and burped in my face . Thanks , < PROPFEMALE > . 
is running on less than 4 hours of sleep and refuses to be held accountable for any particularly spectacular stupidity that may escape her woozled brain today . 
9 days . 
Swing a little more , little more o'er the merry-o\ 
Swing a little more , on the Devil's Dance Floor 
I HAVE A JOB !!!!!!!!! 
Just watched tonight's Grey's Anatomy , O.M.G. 
I love my new french press . 
Hailing like mad . 15 minutes ago it was bright and < PROPFEMALE > . Had to run and rescue < PROPFEMALE > from the back yard . She didn't seem overly upset about it though . :) 
Farmville friends : I need one more person to click my barn to complete the expansion ... Would somebody be kind enough to go back in my feed and click for me ? TYVM ! 
69 HOURS !! 
