Missing a back in the day 

I am missing a back in the day Love 
Doing my homework fun fun ! Missing Mi Amor . Thanks again mom this means a lot to me , you dont ' even understand . 
and < PROPMALE > thank you 
GOD IS GREAT !!!!! 
Doing homework and lots of it fun fun I can't wait till this english course is over Dec . 22 
Going to bed finally finished my homework yeah ! Going off to dream about Mi < PROPFEMALE > , Te Amo Tanto Mi Amor !!! 
T-Mobile sucks it is down once again !!! 
Ay amor espero k te miras para besarte !! Te extrano mucho mi < PROPFEMALE > ! 
This baby in my belly never sleeps . So I am having another hyper boy .... and a big one if that , Rony < PROPMALE > Villanueva !!!! 
Yes finally tommorow is the last day of class untill < PROPFIRST > . 4 . English is done , bring on the next class , Math . 
Has the greatest most wonderful Mom !!! Te Amo Mucho < PROPFEMALE > !!! Tell < PROPMALE > , that I love him too . 
Yeah !! Finally made it through english with an A . I am so happy . Get a lil break , and < PROPFIRST > . start prealgabra what fun . 
Took the kids to look at Christmas lights , and listened to x-mas music , they loved the pretty lights . Grandma always did that for us , but there aren't as many houses these days with Christmas spirit . 
Feliz Navidad A Todos !!!! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone !!!! 
Missing My papaw so much right .. remembering the last New Year we had with him ... I called him and made him talk to me until the ball drop .. Oh I love him and miss him so much .. New Years has always been the hardest for me since he past .. 
Happy New Year Papaw ... Happy New Year everyone love ya God Bless .. Feliz Ano Nuevo a todos k el Dios te bendigas !!!! 
Made to school and back today saftly . Thank you Lord ! The roads are a little risky . 
Happy Birthday to my Favorite Aunt < PROPFEMALE > !!!! I love you . 
Happy Birthday to my bestest < PROPFEMALE > !!! Love ya girl !!!! 
Yo te amo rony !!! 
\My Fine Is $700.10 \"" 
Wish i had a babysitter !!! Really just want to get out !!! 
Tough times make Tough people 
Babysitting my niece . She is so precious !!! 
For my Friend , Jesus , A new Facebook challenge ... I am out to prove that my friends will repost , I hope I am right !!! Let's lift up His name and make a statement !! When Jesus died on the cross he was thinking of YOU and me . If you are not ashamed of the gospel of Jesus Christ , repost this !!! 
You have two hands . One to help yourself , the second to help others . 
SNOW !!!! 
so many negatives for so few positives girl 
Try to make the negatives into positives 
Oh I need a break from these children ! HELP !!! 
Happy Valentines Day !!! Thank You to my family and true friends that will always love me for me .... I love You All More Than You Know !!!! 
We got a famil . y reunion going on facebook , we are jus missing < PROPFIRST > lol 
needs nails and boards for my stable please 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer , and the ones who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer . Dear God , I pray for the cure of cancer . Amen . ( 93% wont copy and paste this . ) Will you ? YES I WILL 
“Give , and it shall be given to you . For whatever measure you deal out to others , it will be dealt to you in return . ” “Weeping may endure for a night , but joy cometh in the morning . ( Psalms 30:5 )” 
“Give , and it shall be given to you . For whatever measure you deal out to others , it will be dealt to you in return . ” “Weeping may endure for a night , but joy cometh in the morning . ( Psalms 30:5 )” 
My body is so tired , sometimes wish it was over now , but too early still 5 weeks to go untill Rony < PROPMALE > Villanueva arrives !!! 
Thank you all for the Happy Birthday's . I had a blast last night and didn't have to be drunk to do so . Went to bingo with my sis , and my bestie , didn't win lol . Went bowling , so much fun Thank you < PROPFEMALE > so much !!! And everyone else . Love ya guys !! 
Long but blessed day today , Had the kids birthday party today after church , thank you Lord for such a good day with my family and friends . Gnite fb ! 
Send me some GOLD !!! 
Happy for my mom right now !! Praying pays off !! 
Buenas Noches FB !!! 
I miss you and love you so much Papaw it is hard to believe that it has been 2 years since you went to be in the Kingdom with God . May you continue to visit me in my dreams and send me kisses from heaven . Untill we meet again I hope you'll dance !!! 
Imigration SUCKS !!!!!!! 
Imigration SUCKS !!!! So does the American government !! More people need to open the bible !! 
Having contrations almost every 2 minutes apart so im going to head to the hospital and keeping my fingers crossed that I have this baby today !!! 
just got my epidural and im at 5 cm . We cant wait for Rony < PROPFIRST > to come !!! :) 
Rony < PROPFIRST > is here 7lb 12oz 20 3/4 in born at 8 15 Our God is an awsome God , he has truly blessed me . Without God I am nothing . 
Loving my newest edition . Rony < PROPFIRST > is so precious !! God has truely blessed me with my 3 beautiful children . 
new pics up of Rony < PROPFIRST > !!! 
A little heartbroken \big\ " Rony had to go back to california today . Gotta stay strong for my beautiful babies !! " 
Trying to stay strong ... the devil is trying to pull me in ... Ayudame Dios !!!! 
Happy birthday < PROPFIRST > ... My baby brother is getting so big !!! I love you !!! 
Sitting here wishing I had a babysitter , I need a break ay !! Was hoping I could go to Thunder ... Haven't been for a couple years !! 
I thank God for my beautiful chrildren !!! I also thank God for all the pain that people have put me through ... it has brought me closer to my God and stronger in my Faith !! I am truly blessed .. being a single mother of 3 isn't easy by no means .. but I have the one and only God by my side .. Thank you Lord ! 
I will love You , O LORD , my strength . The LORD is my rock and my fortress and my deliverer ; My God , my strength , in whom I will trust ; My shield and the horn of my salvation , my stronghold . I will call upon the LORD , who is worthy to be praised ; So shall I be saved from my enemies . 
So the Lord has gave me a goal to day of forgivness .. So i need to for those .. so that i may be forgivin by the Lord . 
But love ye your enemies , and do good , and lend , hoping for nothing again ; and your reward shall be great , and ye shall be the children of the Highest : for he is kind unto the unthankful and to the evil . Be ye therefore merciful , as your Father also is merciful . Judge not , and ye shall not be judged : condemn not , and ye shall not be condemned : forgive , and ye shall be forgiven : ( < PROPMALE > 6:35 -37 ) 
The weak can never forgive . Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong . \ BEAUTIFUL QUOTE \"" 
So I am stepping out tonight for the first time in I can't evem remember thankx to my sis she is keeping the lil ones .. So much to prep for Baby Rony since he is a breast feed lil man .. No drinking for sooo don't worry .. Can't wait .. a lil nervous leaving my lil man home .!. 
If you're brave .. Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 Dumb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Beautiful . 17 : Cute . 18 : Rude . 19 : Simple . 20 : Strong . Please rate .. 6 seconds 
I wish Heaven had a phone so I could hear ur voice again . I thought of both of you today , but that is nothing new I thought about both of you yesterday and days before too . I think of both of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have is memories and pictures in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake from which I'll never part . God has you in his arm . I have you in my heart . Repost if you have someone in Heaven 
Had a great time at < PROPFEMALE>'s last night .. Charlie the food was awsome .. Kids are such blessings .. Can't wait to do it again !!! Love you guys !! 
Back to School today ! Fun Fun Micro Computers ... 
Cinco De Mayo !!!! 
Search 4 who you are , never stop looking for your moment to shine , once you have found it never look back . But ALWAYS look up .... The man above will always light the way for you 
Friends fill this in and see if you're right : I love the color__________and i hate__________ . 
Happy Mother's Day to me and all the wonderful mothers out there ... Going to church in the mornig with my mommy and my 3 beautiful children .. Then of to my friends to make tamales ... I am truly blessed with my # babies , my mom , aunt and grandma 3 strong women in my life that i am very thankful for I love you guys !!! 
I had a beautiful Mother's Day ever ... Church was wonderful .. The tamales were delicioso ... And spending time with some old friends was fabulous ... But most of all being with my 3 beautiful babies was truly a blessing . Thank for all the Mother's Day wishes everyone . 
Wishing my little sister good luck on her test today ! I know you will pass < PROPFEMALE > ! I love you ! 
Just got home from school , missing Baby Rony :( ... I want to go pick him up from daycare right now ... 
Congrats to my little sister she passed her test !! Love Ya < PROPFEMALE > I knew you could do it ... I bet you feel so much lighter .. I am so happy for her . 
True friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . And pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been ...... and I've proved this over and over !!.. REPOST if you are lucky enough to \ 
have at least one . 
Finally going to the eye Dr. to see what the heck is wrong with my vision ! Hope I look ok in Glasses lol . 
So the eye dr said i am near sided 20/30 in the right and 20/25 in the left . They dialated my eyes and now cant see anything . 
Love is not weakness . Love is always open arms . If you close your arms about love you will find that you are left holding only yourself . 
Buenas Noches a todos !!! 
So I started my new class Medical Terminology and it is deffinitly not easy ... those other class were a breeze .. I need to buckle down now ... got to keep those A's and B's up . 
Loving my new class and my teacher she is awsome ! I am so excited about becoming a M.A. ! Medical Terminology is easy but is very interesting which keeps me interested in learning more and more . 
Yo < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > mucho de menos . Rezo todos los días que < PROPFEMALE > día seremos < PROPFEMALE > a familia . 
Oh my !! My little catapiller thinks he is hungry again lol 
\A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out . \"" 
Tommorow starts the FIFA cup world soccer 2010 !! And we start out with Mexico vs South Africa ... Mexico ! Mexico !! 
MeXiCo !! mExIcO !! Priemer partido Sudafrica vs Mexcio Final 1-1 . Buen Partido . 
MeXiCo !! First game Mexico vs South Africa Fianl Score 1-1 very good game !!! Now waiting for the next game at 2pm Uraguay vs < PROPFEMALE > . Lets go Uraguay ! 
FIFA World Soccer Cup !! USA vs England today at 2pm can't wait !! USA !!! USA !!! RA RA RA !!! 
I want the soccer sheep so bad on farmville 
Had a wonderful and joyfull day that started out at church .. Thank you my Lord ... Time to put the babies to bed and study until I fall asleep .. have an exam in the a.m. 
HAPPY WONDERFUL Day to all the real Dad's out there . Anyone can be a father but it takes a real man to be a DAD !!! Papaw you were more then a papaw to me you were a DAD to me . I love you and miss you sooo ... Send me heaven kisses and hugs and keep on dancing you handome man you ... I wish you were here to spend this day with me . 
Happy Father's Day < PROPMALE > !!! YOu truly mean alot to me . You have taught me alot and gave me alot and I am grateful for you . You have been more a dad to me in the years you been with my mom , then my father has been in my how life ,. You have grown < PROPFEMALE > much in faith and i look up to you for that . 
Happy Father's Day Oscar .... You kids an I sur do miss you .. I love you and hope you are doing okay down there . God bless . 
What's the first memory of ME that pops in ur head ? Post this as ur status u will b suprised what ppl remember about u 14 hours ago 
What's the first memory of ME that pops in ur head ? Post this as ur status u will b suprised what ppl remember about u 
Immigrants are people with hearts also .. Immigrants are Fathers too .. We complain about fathers that dont do anything for thier kids .... Yet we throw out the ones whose life is thier children we throw them out because of thier race because they are United states citizens WTF thats crap . 
< PROPFIRST > has cried over his dad today and carried a pic of him and his dad around alll day ... Then at bed time he told me that he is going to pray to Jesus so he can see and be with his daddy in his dreams tonight ... All this crap with immigration needs to stop .. He wants his daddy and his daddy wants him . 
So the United States is out f the World Cup .. :( Made me cry ... I wanted so bad for them to go far .. But I am proud of the for making it this far .. Mexico plays today at 2pm cant wait .. 
Beautiful start today .. Beautiful music today at church ... Awsome message thank you Pastor < PROPFIRST > at < PROPFEMALE > Community Church .. 
Pinche hombres son vasuras !!! 
In memory of allbabies born sleeping or whom have been carried , but never met , or heldin our arms . Make this your status if you or someone you know has suffered a miscarriage or the loss of a baby . The majority won't do it , because unlike cancer , baby loss is still a taboo subject . Break the ... silence ..... In Memory of all those sweet babies in Heaven 
What doesnt kill you ... only makes you stronger ... I am still alive .. My papaws death didnt kill me .... I will not die ... Keep on trying devil .. you will not get you victory !!!! 
Started the day off with a beautiful sermon at church today ... No matter what comes my way I am going to contiuse to praise God 
< PROPFIRST > won his tee-ball tournament ... Go Redbirds ... I knew u guys would take it all the way . 
Today is going to be a awsome day ... because i am blessed coming and blessed going ... thank you lord for your mercy . 
So I have came to realized that the devil is trying his best to get me unfocused and off track ... But it isn't going to happen because God gots my back ... If you think you can't make it through him keep on trying ... You will never win . I am blessed coming and blessed going thanks to that Awsome God above .. < PROPMALE > Lord !!! 
I think it is soooo halarious when the devil thinks he can win .... then God says back off becuase she is my daughter ... He will always protect me and se me through ANYTHING !!!! So keep waisting your time and effort I think its beautifully funny watching ... 
While I may not have a lot of money or true friends or a nice car ... I have God and he is all that I need ... He will provide in due time as well get me through day by day ... He has already gave me an awsome family to help me through ... 
I am Back !!!!! At MasterCuts ... in Mall St. Mathews .. yay .. had an awsome day yesterday back at home ... Can't wait till 3 to be in there again today . <------ Excited !!! 
I have carried a child within my body . I have nourish and comforted a baby upon my chest . My body is not magazine perfect , but when I look in the mirror I am happy because I see a mother and there is no greater honor or blessing . Make this ur status if ur proud to be a mother ... 
My heart goes out to my dear friend Tiandra < PROPFIRST > from MasterCuts ... Her mother has went off to be with God .. I am praying for you and your family girl . 
A son will hold your hand for awhile , but will hold your heart forever !! If you have a son who makes your life worth living by just being around him no matter what bumps are on the road . Copy and paste this to ur status for national sons week !! 
Ready for church in the morning ... I really need it ... Thank you Lord for being beside me along through these really tough time ... I know that I am blessed no matter what comes along .. Keep the devil away !!! 
So who all is going to the Western Warrior Reunion ? 
Happy Birthday to my Papaw up in heaven . I miss you soooo much ! Oh how I wish you were here , to hug you and kiss you . But I know that you are happy and having a beautiful birthday up there in paradise . Love Ya bunches Papaw !!! your first grand-daughter , < PROPFEMALE > 
So I passed Medical Math with an 88% ... I so could have got an A ... but had to be a baby and not go to school when I didn't feel good .. oh well I am just happy that I am back in the swing of thing . 
Aww < PROPFIRST > lost his first tooth ... He is getting soooo big . 
Feeling extra blessed right now ... God has sent me a special friend that has been such a blessing to me ... I want to be a blessing to people ... and I have learned that family isn't always biological , family is someone who doesn't judge , loves you for who you are , and cares for you enough to pray for you .. 
\I like it int that little space behind the chair in the living room \"" 
\I like it in that little spot behind the chair in the living room \"" 
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out . -- < PROPFIRST > Winchell 
oooh I hate this class .. ANANTOMY .. my teacher ugh .. it would be un-lady like to say what i think about her .. 
Happy Aniversary Gma and Papaw !!!!! We miss you Papaw !!! 
I love him and miss him so much ... Papaw was the only Dad i knew ... it hurts sooooo much that he is gone .. Man I really want him here to hug and kiss ... just wish i could hear his voice again . 
Happy Happy Birthday to my niece Ashlynn !!! 
6 1/2 inches :( 
I am so worried for my babies ... I wish we were all together right now * cryin * praying for my babies .. 
10 more minutes ... shit this is gonna be a long 10 mins 
Yay !! Its all over and no one is hurt 
I got to sis my little big brother friday .. he came to my work for a haircut .. I realized how much I miss him ... and he gave me hug an told me he loved me ... Awww I felt special !!! 
Tired and frustrated ... hope I can get a break tonight ... at least from my older two 
Just want to relax for once !!!! It's neverending .... 
Hope everyone had a very thankful Thanksgiving ... I am thankful for my life and everyone in it ... Love you all ... thankful to be who I am .. most of all I am thankful for my relationship ,, and my faith ,, for Jesus ,, and God !!! 
lol someone told me today .. that a laugh is a smile with an orgasim .. * Halarious * 
Holidays are tough ... wish heaven had a phone ... so I could hear your voice again . I thought of you today but thats nothing new I thought of you yesterday and the days before that too . I thank of you in silence and often speak your name all I have is memories and pictures in a frame repost if you have someone in heaven that you miss on earth . 
I finaly got my glasses .. I sooo forgot what it was like to have 20/20 vision ... I CAN SEE !!! Yay .. now just gotta get used to wearing them .. I feel like I look like a dork .. thankx gma I love u !!! and thankx mom for taking me to pick them up ... 
Here's to parents who aren't inconvenienced by their children , who don't view it as being stuck at home with the baby when they can't go out at night , who value time with their children , who don't pawn their kids off as often as they can with whomever will take them . Who accept responsibility .. and don't walk away from family . Here's to parents who enjoy being parents . Repost if you are a proud parent ... I am 
Buenas noches FB voy a sonar bonito ! \ 
\Flaca \"" 
Hoping the new year brings many new things to my life !! 
Hoping the new year brings many new things to my life 
I am so listening to Bone Thugs right now lol 
Just got home from the JOB .. having a modelo .. thinking about what this year is gonna bring me .. 
Only scared ass m*fers dont show up to a \BACK\ " child support court date ... just like a immature little boy that you are ... hope u watch ur back .. now u gotta warrent B*T*H .. hope ur wifey is soooooo pround of you .. love your oldest daughter ... JERK " 
My < PROPFEMALE > is 4 today !!! She is getting soooo big .... and such a little diva .. she said she wants .. makeup .. earrings ... purse .. dress .. glass slippers .. and a camera .. oh and a < PROPFEMALE > cake .. I love her soooo much .. wish I knew where she got this girly stuff from ... I love you < PROPFEMALE > Aliceya 
While you scream at your woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper in her ear . While you humiliate , offend and insult her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how beautiful she is . While you hurt her , there's a man wishing he could take her pain away . While you make her cry , there's a man stealing smiles from her . Post this if you're against domestic violence ... physical and mental .. 
Happy Love Day to all my wonderful family and friends !!! And to the special man in my life .. I love you all very Much !!! 
Feliz < PROPFEMALE > de Amor y Amistad a todos ... espero que tengas < PROPFEMALE > buen < PROPFEMALE > lleno de amor y carino .. Te Amo Pitaya !! 
The past is history ,,, the future is a mystery ,,, and now is a gift ,, thats why they call it present .. -Kieffer \Teen Mom 2 \"" 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Garr\ 
I have a personal reason for ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour . I know my family will . Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just one hour . Do it for all of us . There are too many to mention who have fought and are fighting it . I hope to see this .... in the status of all my friends 
< PROPFEMALE > it's my 26th Birthday today ... and feel like a train hit me .. I spent hours last night on in till my Birthday at the hospital with a 103 temp .. I have strep throat .. But I am blessed anyway ... Mom is getting the kids today and my bf was so sweet he spent those hours with me and took care of me last night .. he had to be at work at 9a . m ... he can be sooo sweet .. Also my wonderful Gma calling to check up on me .. Love you all 
Sure missing my Papaw today !!! Wish I could hear his voice telling me Happy Birthday !!! He would so be taking care of me if he was here .. Love you and miss you greatly PAPAW !!!! 
I miss being a little girl .. when mommy took care of me while i was sick .. also when mamaw and papaw took care of me while i was sick !!! Hurry mommy .. cant wait till I am kid free so I can get some rest ... 
God said ... Trials are not the reason to give up , but a challenge to improve yourself . Difficulties are not an excuse to back out , but and inspiration to move . 
Thankx everyone for the Birthday Wishes !!! 
Thanks everyone for all the Birthday wishes yesterday !!! 
RIP Papaw ... i miss and love u sooo much .. i really need u right now .. i cant believe it has been 3 years today .. the day u passed has been replaying in my head all day .. its been a real rough day .. sure could use a hug from u right now 
