looking for a bassist . anyone interested ? 

dereks bday party . 
I don't want to disappoint you . I'm not here to anoint you . I would lick your feet , but is that the sickest move ? I wear my own crown and sadness and sorrow , and who'd have thought tomorrow could be so strange ? My loss , and here we go again . 
Have you ever realized that whenever you shave , your hair grows faster ? I should have started shaving when I was 10 . 
Well if you told me you were drowning , I would not lend a hand . I've seen your face before my friend , but I don't know if you know who I am . Well I was there and I saw what you did , I saw it with my own two eyes . So you can wipe off that grin , I know where you've been . It's all been a pack of lies . 
This is the land of confusion . 
\Surely you can't be serious . \ " - \ " I am serious . And don't call me Shirley . \"" 
Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > Cobain ! how sad .. 
thinks < PROPFEMALE > Temp is the best sister ever ! XD 
with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and tj . COD and halo . whoopwhoop 
Someday I'll wish upon a < PROPFEMALE > . And wake up where the clouds are far behind me . Where trouble melts like lemon drops , high above the chimney top thats where you'll find me . Somewhere over the rainbow . 
And the men who hold high places , must be the ones to start . To mold a new reality , closer to the heart . 
And we will see : how godless a nation we have become . 
Listen : you know I love you , but I just can't take this . You know I love you , but I'm playing for keeps . Although I need you , I'm not gonna make this . You know I want to , but I'm in too deep . 
You've got a friend in me . 
watched : \Up in the Air\ " last night . fantastic movie ! " 
I got soul , but I'm not a solider . 
All my friends know the lowrider . 
Burn out the day , burn out the night . I can't see no reason to put up a fight . I'm living for givin ' the Devil his due . And I'm burnin ' , I'm burnin ' , I'm burnin ' for you . 
It's something unpredictable , but in the end is right . I hope you had the time of your life . 
We don't wanna fuck the ladies , we just wanna eat her sandwhiches . 
A working class hero is something to be . 
just had the most awesome dream . 
Let me wrap myself around you . Let you show me how I see . And when you come back in from nowhere , do you ever think of me ? 
This vision that I have seen is the action that spawns from the end . \ 
For the longest time , I've been watching the world breathe against spiderwebs . 
When everybody else refrained , my uncle < PROPFIRST > did cocaine . He's convinced himself right in his brain that it helps to take away the pain . 
Every breath you take . Every move you make . Every bond you break , and every step you make ... 
has a new favorite food : Peanut butter hot dogs . 
p-p-p-poker night p-p-poker night . 
won 6 dollars playing poker 
watching Jarhead . one of the best war movies ever made . 
9.14.10 .. REACH 
And I think it's alright that I do what I like , cause that's the way I wanna live . So I give , and I'm still giving . 
Nobody said it was easy , It's such a shame for us to part . Nobody said it was easy , nobody said it would be this hard . Oh , take me back to the start . 
Fuck 2-a-days . 
Wedding rings , aka : the world's smallest handcuffs . 
Is pissed about missing Rush . 
37 minutes ... 
Some of the things God does are so completely beyond me . 
And I will try ... to fix you . 
I'm in no hurry , you go run , and tell your friends I'm losing touch . Fill their heads with rumours of impending doom . It must be true . 
He said : I'm gonna buy this place and burn it down . I'm gonna put it six feet underground . He said : I'm gonna buy this place and watch it fall . Stand here beside me baby and the crumbling wall . 
they preach to us words of wisdom from blocked minds . 
As the selfish forget what is sacred , the humble forget themselves . 
Trying to learn the spirit of radio by rush .. my fingers hurt 
Loose , footloose . Kick off your Sunday shoes . Oowhee , < PROPFEMALE > , shake it , shake it for me . 
What you say about his company is what you say about society . 
Science without religion is lame . Religion without science is blind . 
officially hates computers . 
And if all of our days are numbered , then why do I keep counting ? 
A group of white South Africans recently killed a black lawyer because he was black . That was wrong . They should have killed him because he was a lawyer . 
can't stop listening to < PROPMALE > Croce 
Gopher Volleyball Shako night tonight ! 
So I was reffing today , and we had just started the second match when the entire Hopkins school lost power . Match cancelled . I left . 
This was , in fact , the worst Halloween ever . 
I gotta Rock and Roll house , I gotta Rock and Roll car . I play the shit out the drums , and I can play the guitar . 
I find it so romantic when you look into my beautiful eyes , and lose control . 
It's been a long time since I've felt that embrace , even one as simple as it was . 
Just watched Pink Floyd's: The Wall . What a fantastic work of < PROPMALE > . 
Avatar marathon ! 
I'm a dishonest man , and a dishonest man you can trust to be dishonest . It's the honest ones you want to look out for . 
When did Christmas become a chore ? 
And my stomach has been so abused . Your confusion has got me so confused . But everything will be alright , if I get trashed tonight . 
We always think of people we've lost , people we loved , folks we believe are gone . But they're not ; we're still connected to them . Time is an illusion , and so is death . 
I will turn your face to alabaster . Then you will find your servant is your master , and you'll be wrapped around my finger ... 
I find it interesting that even though it's finals week , I see more people online than ever before . 
One thing I do have on my mind , if you can clarify please do . It's the way you call me by another guy's name when I try to make love to you . 
A fire burns today , of blasphemy and genocide . The sirens of decay , will infiltrate the inside . 
Life has been so much more relaxing without my phone . Eat , homework , movie with more eating , bed . Sounds like a good week to me . 
I believe I'm going to steal < PROPFIRST>'s idea of posting songs for review . But I'm not limiting it to a single band . Just any song I think is good enough to be shared . My apologies Mr. Strehl . 
Women can fake orgasms , but men can fake love . 
I would wish upon a < PROPFEMALE > .. but that < PROPFEMALE > , it doesn't shine . 
Realization : It is physically impossible to attempt a < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > monologue . 
You say you want a revolution , well you know , we all want to change the world . 
Well so much for having my phone this weekend . Seems as though my mom still thinks it's punishment . Too bad , she's the one who wont hear from me when I'm not home . 
Everything will be okay in the end . If it's not okay , it's not the end . 
