ust finished playn with some fireworks a little bit ago . hope everyone had fun . no i get to clean and then try and fix my car some more . < PROPFEMALE > freakin haa 

you may see me smile when I talk , joke , and laugh but watch me when I'm not interacting with people watch the smile fade , and watch my eyes glaze over as the sadness returns 
im workin on gittin this thing all set up 
danm . should i try an put all of my peotry and < PROPMALE > pics up on here to ? 
I took an IQ test . the results were negative 
are you staking me ? (because that would be super ! ;-) 
ugh . . . . its 1 am an here i am still freakan awake . god i hate enot sleeping 
makin meatloaf for dinner . mmmmmm 
ugh . another sleepless night . I BLAME YOU FOR ME NOT BEING ABLE TO SLEEP !!!!! 
YAY its finally rainning . lets go play 
breakfast for dinner . pancakes baccon egs and country style potatoes . 
at pima tryin to get everything figured out 
im < PROPMALE > !!!! haha i wish but i gotseseses some money yay 
got my new desk set up . bored out of my freakin mind , but its sprinkeling 
goin into town to get taco < PROPFEMALE > and mice for my snake . yummy 
URG its 11 30 and i have to be up in a few hours . why the hell cant i sleep ? god i need you next to me so i can sleep :-( 
omg now its after 1am and i have to be up in a few hours . why the hell cant i sleep ? god i need you next to me so i can sleep :-( 
how long without sleep do they consider slep deprivation ? 
another night with no sleep 
its raining while there are blue skies out . only in tucson 
hmmm . . . . 
god i love and hate family . ok so i went to my great grandmothers house today and i wasnt even there for five minutes and this is what she said to me \what the hell is wrong with you ? why are you deppressed and not your self ? \ " i hadnt even been there and she kinda knew . hmmmmm . i guess atleast someone cares enough to notice " 
is running around his room trying to find his invisible gun while the pink monkeys are chasing after him with laser guns 
is goin fishing tonight . anyone wanna join ? 
is advising every one NOT to be some one else ' second best 
why is it that everyone needs my help when i dont feel like doing anything ? :-( i guess maybe its just the worlds way of telling me to keep doin stuff :-( 
yesterday the police came over and told me \We are going to escort you to a special place\ " . I answered escort ! Special Place ! OMG it's a vacation ! \"" 
is in need of a good time with friends ! 
wishes i could tell you , how beautiful you really are , how fast my heart beats every time your around , i wish you could see me and love me 
just back from an interview in hell and it doesn't look good . I was told I was over qualified . :( 
sleep ... what did i do to make you so mad at me , to just leave my life ? I'm sorry ... whatever i did i promise i won't do it again , just come back ... PLEASE ! 
Feels like running through McDonald's naked yelling \I'm the other white meat \"" 
I'm going to be nice to you whether you like it or not . We might end up friends , or it may drive you crazy . Either way , I win ! 
has finally accepted that he will NEVER be good enough for anyone </3 
I'm done putting everyone else as a priority in my life , when I'm only an option in there's . :/ 
Wie sind Sie denn zu lieben , wenn die Person noch nicht einmal weiß , du liebst sie ? 
im making breakfast for dinner . pancakes , suasage , bisquits and gravy , country style potatoes and possibly eggs . anyone wanna join ? 
i think ive lost my muchness . i use to be much muchier 
wow 2 30 and still no sleep 
goin to eat at ihop 
One question , one honest answer ! That's all you get . You get to ask me one question . ( ONLY TO MY INBOX ) Any question , anything , no matter what it is 
ok so at this point my blood pressure is outragious . its so high that i have a killer migrane , blured vision , and uncontrolable muscle spasms . can life get any worse ?? 
i have school tomorow at 7 . 
yay its rainying :-) 
danm . just finished part of my philosophy work . tired and bored now . it feels good to be back in school tho 
sittin here at pima waiting for the next class . 
ugh . gettin ready for the day at the school . not a good day already 
anyone at pcc nw ? ive got some time to blow . 
new addition of a pic up . let me know what you think of it 
ugh !!!! 12 15 am and i still cant freakin sleep . this is driving me nuts . 
I would love nothing more than to just punch someone right in the fucking face 
i just feel like an empty shell of a person who needs to be thrown away and forgot about 
body says SLEEP , my head says SLEEP , my eyes say SLEEP . so why cant i SLEEP ?! 
wonders if there is a dimmer switch for the sun , you know , just to turn the heat down ever so slightly , to like 110 degrees out side ... 
I love you ! But I can't tell you cuz I'm afraid of what you will say . And I fear that awkward moment . :( 
wishes my brain had an off button when I'm ready to go to sleep ... I like sleep but apparently my brain doesn't agree with me . . . . * sigh * . . . . * yawn * 
No one notices how much I do , until I don't do it any more . 
i was volunteered by my family to do work up in globe . so my weekend is gonna be spent working . danm this is shit 
im makin some dinner . special chicken an potatoes with vegies and somethin else but im not sure yet . mm 
getting ready to leave town . ill be back tomorow mid-day 
i just go tback into town . yeee haaa . hows everyone doin ? 
god im < PROPFEMALE > freakin bored 
ugh another morning . awake way to freakin early . 
now im sitting at pima . anyone doin anything fun tonight ? 
Im looking for my peace of mind , or a piece of my mind . I haven't figured out which yet . 
Ugh . I'm sitting in philosophy listening to a lecture 
Is anyone doing anything fun tonight ? 
how do you talk to someone and try and help them when they dont think they need the help ? 
ugh . spending my saturday bored so now im cleaning and then making dinner later . ugh 
goin shoot tomorow . gonna blow shit up :-) 
She’s that kind of stop you right in your tracks\ 
Knock you out just like that\ 
Something you just cant explain\ 
That kind of blows your mind every time\ 
That you thought you’d never find\ 
She’s that kind , That kind of beautiful 
Something you just can’t explain\ 
She’s that kind\ 
That kind of beautiful 
hellz yeah . i have free use of a jeep :-) here i come desert . shooting and then 4 wheeling tomorow :-) 
i wish you could see me the way that i see you 
Good morning and good night , depending on where you live . For me it is an extremely late night and a very early morning . going to bed at midnight and waking up at 4 . yay NOT :-( 
I wish you would start some of our conversations , because if I start all of them I feel like I am bothering you :( 
ive been so busy thiking and distracted by thinking about it that i ate chineese food for lunch and ordered tea and poured the sugar in my soup instead of my tea :-( i hate thinking about it 
ugh . its 10:30 and im only half way through my homework . i dont think im gonna get any sleep before school tomorow . danm . i wish i had somethin in life to look forwarw to :-( but oww well thats life i guess . the one you want always end up with someone else 
the beggining of this is how i feel and this is what i need http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YK3zs7EV6Tk not a good day 
Poke me if you ever had a crush on me . Like this status if your my friend . write me if you ever want a relationship with me . 
ok so i guess im not watching the baby today . so i guess ill cruise into town 
new blog up . go read if you want to http://www.myspace.com/mine2411/blog 
I shouldn't love you ... but I do . I shouldn't want you ... but I do . You make me smile when I'm in the worst situation possible , and you make me happy , and for that I thank you . Had a good night last night 
im giving out a free ticket too ask me anything you want to . just message me , or if yo dont want me to know how asked the question use the \honesty box \"" 
ugh just got home from helpin a friend . now i have another 3 or 4 hours of homework to do and ten wake up at 5 to go to school . ugh im sooo freakin tired 
okay so there's this thing called sleep and I hear its really awesome ,.. but i dont seem to be able to find it . i've looked and looked but its not here 
Ok question of the day . What is your biggest turn on ? answr if your brave . C'mon u can do it , it will be our little secret 
am i really that worthless to everyone ? nothing even seems like its worth the effort i put into life anymore 
your friend doesn't always just have to be just a friend if you love them . 
Likes camping and wants to go camping ... Anyone up for a camping adventure ? im lleaving in 2 weeks :-) 
maybe i look happy but if you cared enough to take one second to ask then you would know how i really feel and how bad things have become 
Happy ... Hyper ... Hurting ... Angry ... Annoyed ... Lonely ... Upset . I've got the color spectrum of emotions covered for today . My work is done ! Yay ! << Sarcasm :( 
yay its finally raining . i hope it lastes for a while :-) 
is in an open relationship with alcohol ... and it's complicated 
. . . . . . . . . . . is suffering from chronic soberness 
if you tickle me ... i will bite you 
i just found the wierdest bug thingy ever . i think it a larva . i got a few of them and now im gonna try and gow them and see what they turn into 
wants to know .... what was the first thing you thought of when u woke up this morning ???? answers below please :) 
im grillin at the park tonight for the family . playin some ball an hangin out with the family . hopefully itll be fun :-) 
says GOOD MORNING , to all those people who LOVE mornings ! For the rest of my friends , I'll try to tone it down until you're awake ! 
*~* I am stuck between a rock and a hard place , and my mind is in a thousand places , and I just don't know what to think anymore ! *~* 
another day , another tear , another wish , that you were here . 
camping trip next weekend has been postponed till the weekend of the 30th 
OK I'm up ... now what !? 
Had a long talk with myself ... it did not end well .. so I'm sending myself to bed early .. Night 
Comment if you think all schools should have nap time for all grades 
im 100% sick and feel like crap today . headache light headed , dizzy and kinda nauseous I'm in need of a big hug ... any offers :( 
is anyone else still up at this ungodly hour of the night ? 
i . goin to the gym . anyone wanna join ? 
mmmm . im gonna be having wings for dinner :-) yummy . god your amazing < PROPFEMALE > 
have yo ever wanted to be with someone for sooooo long and then reaslied that if you where with them it probably wouldnt work out ? i dont know its cuz it wouldnt work out or if its just my mind making reasons cuz i cant be with her right now . ???? i have no freakin clue ?????? 
Hey Dude . Make sure that you log out of Facebook next time . Luckily I am a nice person . Take care <3 
ugh . just got back from school 
OMG i freakin hate dogs . i just spend the last hour fixing the cooler line cuz the f***king dog uncovered it and chewed it up . 
We are all going to hell , and I am driving the bus ! get in sit down and try to keep the screams to a minimal ! 
im freakin tired . i jst spent the last 8 hours rewiring a friends house . god i hate being so nice some times but i guess thats what friends are for :-) 
Make someone in your life feel special today , give them a hug for no apparent reason . good morning world 
ugh . up at 6 am on a saturday . you best be happy < PROPFEMALE > :-) good morning all and have a great day 
when you talk to me i would like nothing more than to kiss you right then and there 
has absolutely nothing funny , witty or uplifting to say today . I'm just to tired of it . 
Always mean what you say and say what you mean , for there is no greater HURT than deception , and misleading someone or being mislead .............. 
At one point , a guy will stop chasing you , and you'd wish you'd let him catch you . 
i just caught a 4 foot snake in the front yard . now im gettin his tank ready 
ok the snake is 6 feet not 4 . but its cool , i got his cage all set up 
is raining < PROPFEMALE > haa . hopefully itll stay raing for a couple of days 
! #$% &*%#@ ! # #$%% ! ^%# ! %# @^&# ! %$^ #$% ! ! $*@^^%$@$ @$^*@ &^ GRRRRRRRRRRR 
Hello Stalker . I'm doing fine . How are you ? Thanks for checking up on me . 
she's my friend , so just remember this , if you break her heart again i WILL break your fucking face ! got it ?!?!?!?!?!?!?! good ! ;) 
im watching the cutest and most amazing baby ever :-) 
is as bored as a nun at a porn shop ! 
ugh . long ass day , im tired and my whole body is sore but tomorow should be fun . 
had a great day today play in the mud an 4x4ing :-) but i feel like shit and my whole body hurts an i got a killer headache 
ve got an interview on thursday :-) wish me luck 
im the type that no matter how much pain hI'm in , I'll will still go about my day making everyone else happy . Yup I'm unstoppable ! 
Don't ask me where I'm going because I don't know . My heart is telling me one thing but my head is telling me another . What should I do ? 
what would you do if I ran to your house , ran through your front door and tackle you to the floor ? A ) Like it B ) Scream C ) Laugh D ) other(list what it is ) 
gonna go carve pumkins with the family and go swimming 
i just got back :-) i spent almost 3 hours carving 1 pumpkin but it was cool and it made my grandma cry . ill upload pics in a little bit 
i just got back a littlr bit ago :-) i spent almost 3 hours carving 1 pumpkin but it was cool and it made my grandma cry . i uploaded 1 pic of it and ill load more soon 
i thibk i just made the most racist pumpkin ever . ill load pics in a few 
ok pics of my me new pumkin are up . sorry for those of you that it will offend 
Night is usually for sleep and Morning is usually for you to be awake , so why is it do I feel like sleeping all morning and staying up all night ..? 
some say they know you , but when it comes right down to it , do they really ? Do you really know them ? Sometimes they don't even bother to know the real you . 
Is there someone in your life who you just don't feel important to anymore . It hurts to realize you've grown apart and you're the only one who cares . :( 
Time for me to go find my fake smile ... I'm going be needing it for tomorrow 
CAUTION . . . . im suffering from a serious lack of sleep today . 
Depression , feeling like crap and not understanding why , or even knowing why and not being able pull yourself out of it . If you know the answer , please post it . 
Have you ever wished that you were little again , When your toughest decisions was trying to choose what crayon to eat 
haha i cant wait till tuesday . maybe there is a god out there smewhere . hopefully my life will start to turn around soon :-) 
This is why I don't trust people and why I don't ask for help . When i trust I get burned time and time again .. so now the wall goes back up__l__l__l__l__l__l__l__l__l__l__l ok so ill put a couple more up this time just in case 
i just got $150 worth of stuff for my bow for free :-) time to go huntin oww and i have a backpacking trip comin up as soon as i figure out my work schedule . haha im sooo freakin exited 
good morning to those who are up . good night to those who just got in . and afternoon to those who read it later . 
just go thome from work :-) it feels good to be working again 
is being really nice today .. SO you can comment below and ask me any question you want .. and i promise i wont lie .. 
ugh i have to leave tomorow at 6 am for school and then right after go to work untill 8:30 . busy day . you guys should come and visit me 
ugh just got back from work , im gonna head to bed and try and get some sleep . see y'all in the morning 
is not sure if life is passing me by or trying to run me over ! 
Whenever I've needed you to be my friend , you were nowhere to be found . When you look around and realize I was the only real friend you ever had , Ill be gone 
i just got back from work . hows everyone doin ? ive got alittle bit to relaxe and then wings :-) 
ugh i have to work from 9:30 thursday night till 6:45 friday morning . and to make it even better its at toys-r-us for black friday . Grrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
i can't think of a combination of swear words strong enough to describe how i feel 
happy thanks giving everyone :-) 
oh my fucking god . i just go toff of work and it was freakin crazy . no sleep since thursday so im gonna try and go to sleep . night and morning world :-) 
back from work . school work in the morning then surprise b day party for my day 
holy cow its if freakin cold . i slept like shit last night and its hurts to breath , what an amazing day already 
have you ever felt so alone it hurts ? That's how I feel now :-( 
ugh i just got home from work . i was suppose to be off earlyer but the boss wanted me to stay for an extra 3 freakin hours . i hurt 
ugh got off of work an then went an fixed a friends bathroom floor . i am so freakin tired . you own me < PROPFEMALE > :-) but dinner was good , thank you . and in the morning inm going hunting at 5 and then straight to work after that and then get together at my house yeehaa im gonna die from being tired x-( 
had a good day kinda . worked longer then i should have and ate WAY to much so now my tummy hurts but a good day :-) 
Message me and tell me ONE thing you like about me and in return I will tell you something I like about you 
good morning world . how are my fellow facebookers doing today ? 
ugh . ok so i was on my way to the gym and a friend called me to help them cuz there water line was busted and the danm thing was 4.5 feet in the freakin ground . i just spent the last 4 hours digging in mud and now i look like i AM mud . no foot sice breakfast but i think im gonna have subway in a little bit . I HATE BEING ME 
one of my snakes is dead . and my head hurts and im really dehydrated . what an amazing day 
A normal person has 1000 wishes . A Soldier only has one , to come home safe . I know 97% of you wont post this as your status , but the 3% that do are my friends . In honor of someone that died , got hurt or is fighting for your freedom please post 
i have a headache from hell . anyone wanna take it for me ? 
good night/morning world :-) 
oh my freakin god . its 11 30 and i just got home . started off at work then decorated my grandma's yard for christmas and now i have to study and then working in the yard in the morning then work all after noon then more studying then school :-) i fucking hate being so busy . im going insane 
is feeling sad , useless , unappreciated , upset , hurt , unimportant , miserable . just blah all together . but who cares right ! 
its way to early in the morning to up and moving . and now i have to get ready for school and for finals :-/ i hpe everyone is having a good day 
its 1 and i just finished putting lights up at my house and it lights up the entire front yard but it doesnt feel very christmasy , it feels more hawaiian and like there should be a night time bbq or something 
i think work and school are the reasons why alcohol was created ;-) 
ugh workin on the car then work 
When your having a bad day just remember that just because things are like this now , doesn't mean they always will be . 
is truly tired , body , heart , and soul . When will things get better ? 
omfg i just got of of working a 9 hour shift and i have to be up in like 5 hours and its gonnna take me a few to get to sleep . then i have work tomorow too . im sooo tired 
ok so i just got the fuel pump and the gas tank back in my car and now my battery is dead . grrrr . and on top of that the bank hasnt proccessed my check yet so im broke . butmy car should be running and legal by christmas i hope 
Im tired of getting treated like crap , I do everything to please , but im never appreciated . I might as well bang my head against a wall , it would hurt less 
ok so i spent the last of my money on parts for my car this morning an then went to work . i just got dont puttin my car back together exept for 1 piece . now i have to wait till morning to see if the monster will run again 
ok so i just got fired alittle bit ago . < PROPFEMALE > god danm fuckin christmas to everyone 
just got my laptop from my gma . but i got fired so im still pissed but oww well what can i do . now i have to go and look for another job 
ust got back from the desert museam with the family . its was prettty fun 
Lets see who actually knows me ? \ 
1)First Name ? 2)Middle Name ( spell it right) ? 3)Age ? 4)B-day ? 5)Eye Color ? 6)Nickname ? 7)Fave Color ? 8)Fave Sport ? 
ok so the dmv didnt go very well but i should be able to register my car tomorow and my transmition is having issues but on the bright side its raining outside 
holy shit its snowed twive today . its a miracle 
so ive been stuck at downtown pima for like 2 hours now cuz my danm car fucked up . hopefully i got it fixed so i can atleast make it home 
sorry i havent been online guys . we had a house fire and no electricity out here . everyone ok tho just tough 
im way too young to be feeling this damn old !!! 
I'm gonna do things a little different . Today YOU write my status . Post comments on what you would want me to say . ;) 
have you ever felt all alone but have no idea as to why you feel that way ? yea , that's me right now . * sigh * 
good night world . ok i guess its morning now but im gonna try an finally get some sleep . nighty night 
well i got the beast(my car ) running again . its doin better then it has in a long time . another busy day tomorow 
when your willpower seems to have vanished . . . you can always fall back on stubbornness . . . it has saw me through MANY difficult situations . im hoping this will be one of those situations 
... was all snuggled up and warm in bed , sleeping and having a wonderful dream , then the MONDAY SHOVEL came and smacked me in the face . 
im so tired that every inch of my body hurts and my tiredness is tired 
i might get paid to take a road trip to florida next month . nice weather , beaches . anyone wanna join ? 
at school . its the start of another semester . lets hope it goes good 
well good night everyone . ok i guess its morning time but oww well , night night 
Have you ever closed one eye and pretended to squish someones head with your index and thumb . yeah its one of those days 
ok so no road trip to florida and im down $1000 and a bunch of furniture . what a great fucking day 
It's not that i hate you it's just that . . . . . . OK , lets put it this way . if you were on fire and i had water . i would drink the water . 
knows that some people work hard every day and are never appreciated while others sit on their asses , do nothing , and get all the credit . Why is that ? 
Wonders should i cross that line ? I know i shouldn't but I really want to 
sittin here at pima deciding if i wanna go back to class or < PROPFEMALE > out for a little bit or go home 
nighty night facebook world . time to try and sleep before a long day of work :-) 
got alot done today . going shooting tomorow . hopfully ill be able to get my ow all sighted in . and the whole family is goin so we got like 40 guns going 
i went around and asked if there are too many Illegal Aliens in Arizona , 22% Said Yes , 17% Said No , The Other 61% said , \Me no speaka English . \"" 
It may look like I know what I'm doing most of the time , but I have no freakin ' clue ... 
ok so now my car is having more issue . almost got stuck in town cuz of the danm thing . now i either have to spend $500 on parts to rebuild my transmission or like $250 on a used tranny when i dont have a dollar to my name . what the hell am i going to do ? 
ok so after along time alot of money and ALOT of work at 10:30 pm it was confirmed tat my car \the beast\ " is running better then evr before :-) yay " 
ok so i officialy feel like conplete shit 
Realizes I care way to much for people that don't care nearly enough ! 
im tired , stressed , exhausted and in need of a hug . 
is tired , stressed and in need of a big hug , a really long vacation and a very strong alcoholic drink . thank god for jager 
< PROPFIRST>'s Day- just another way to remind us single people that we're alone and unloved . Gee , thanks Hallmark ! Oh , and Die Cupid because You Suck ! 
im goin for chineese for lunch . anyone wanna join ? 
i feel like im losing everything that ever mattered . And there is nothing left to care about . 
when nothin else is right , the water draws comfort to my soul . 
Good Morning All . Today is brought to you by the letter F . As in fun , freaky , fast , fuzzy , frisky ... All aboard the Friday train :D 
i spent most of my day in town and the restworking on my kayak . i got my fishing liscence so watch out fish vuz im gonna catchin you again and my kayak should be all finishd by tomorow so maybe sunday ill take it to the lake and try it out an o fish . anyone wanna join ? 
Send me a message of something you have always wanted to tell me but haven't been able to . Or just send me a message to say your thinking about me .. 
im gonna go take the kayak out for its maden voyage and try and fish before this storm gets here 
ok no fishing today , its to < PROPFEMALE > . maybe tonight or tomorow 
Backache : check ; Headache : check ; Soreness : check ; It's official , I ache and could really use a good massage . Any offers ??? 
so im levin my house at 5:30 to go fish 
One < PROPMALE > ... you can ask me up to 5 questions , to my in box , anything you want , and I will answer honestly ... 
so i left at 5:30 and i just got from ishing . caught some fish and had a good time , anytime any of you wanna go ish let me know and ill join ya ;-) 
Say's \are you insinuating that I should tolerate this diabolical insubordination from an individual whose mental capacity barely exceeds that of a Lima bean ? \"" 
so today i was going to leave and my GOD DANM PIECE OF SHIT CAR FUCKED UP AGAIN . grrrrrrrrrrr i hate this car . so its kinda running and i have more work to d tomorow on it 
so i have an appointment to try and make the doctor cost less so i can actually go an see a doctor and try and figure out whats wrong with me and them maybe some fishing tonight 
nighty night world 
The root of loneliness grows from the lack of being needed by someone . 
has a riddle for you . what comes once in a minute , twice in a moment , but NEVER in a thousand years ? \ 
leave a comment if you think you know the answer . 
Fill in the blank : One day you an i should ___ ? 
i ust spent the last 7 hours playing in the snow :-) had a blast 
This is one holiday where our full-blown alcoholism could possibly go undetected ... so im gonna tart celebratng early :-) Happy Early St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day !! 
hows everyone doin today ? at school gettin ready for class an there till 8 at night .. i hate this stupid night class thing . anyone doing anything fun this week ? 
I seem to start my day backwards . I wake up tired and I go to bed wide awake ! well time for a movie 
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch , a smile , a kind word , a listening ear , an honest compliment , or the smallest act of caring , all of which have the potential to turn a life around 
is going to look at a boat after school . it suppose t be like a little speed boat but it needs a motr but we happen to fave a couple so maybe we'll have a seed boat soon 
so if i can come up with a trailer for transport i have a fishing boat . its a project but it would be fuckin awsome . 
so i probably did the most responsible thing ive done in a LONG time . i decided not to get the boat cuz i dont have the extra time or money for it :-( 
ya its one of those daysr . bad mood and nothinh is going right 
Be warned I am in such a foul mood today that even Satan is quaking in his boots !! The next person to piss me off better come prepared with a body bag !! 
95% of American drivers say \Oh Sh*t ! \ " before driving their car into a ditch . The other 5% are rednecks and they say \ " Hold my beer and watch this sh*t ! \"" 
My biggest fear is that I will become too comfortable with the idea of being lonely for the rest of my life . 
I'm starting to feel more and more distant as the days pass in front of my eyes ... but I can't explain why . 
goin fishin in the morning . and then some work . anyone wanna join ? 
Ever had one of those days where you just wish a telemarketer would call so you could release some of your verbal aggressions out on them ? 
at school for way to freakin long an then maybe fishing afterwards 
I'm not insane !!! I am voluntarily indifferent to conventional rationality . =) 
today has been an ok day . workin on the house ( im looking for pics from before i started but i toold in the process and ill take some later today ) and then going to fix a truck and then tonight maybe going fishing so we can have some fresh fish for my great grandmothers b-day tomorow 
ao i just got all the stuff to start the tear down of the house . gonna move everything out of the way today and tape it all off and then start the tear down either tonight or tomorow . with me luck 
7 hours of just moving crap in the house to prep for the real work . more movie shit tomorow and hopefully start the tear down on wendesday 
so everything is all done and ready for me to start the acttual demolition of the house 
i just uploaded some of the pics from the begging of the demolition 
happy st. patricks day ( its my day :-) ) worked all morning and now gonna go have dinner with the family . i hope everyones day was good 
Is under System Failure right now due to being over worked , under paid , and exhausted ... 
tired as hell but almost done with the work . oe more day and the demolition should be done . the family is gettting together tomorow for fry bread :-) yummmmmmm 
this is way to early to up and moving aroung . owww well i guess ill start working again 
has been working so much , that he is somewhere between exhausted and dead . Looking forward to a day off that'll be in like 3 weeks :-( oww well , night night everyone 
Good morning , my fellow Facebook freaks . Hope you all have a great day and don't get in any unwanted trouble ... unless you invite me , of course . 
I would rather be tried by 12 of my peers than carried by 6 of my friends ! 
The definition of trust : Two cannibals giving each other a blow job 
At 7 minutes and 8 sec . after 6 A.M. on September 10th 2011 it will be 6 : 07 : 08 09-10-11 
I miss the days I felt I could do no wrong , lately it feels I can do no right , and the harder I try the worse it gets 
sitting in class bullshiting with the teach cuz all the class work is done and we still have 1 hour an 45 minutes left of class 
so my life just got alot easyer . working on the house tomorow and maybe some fishing tomorow evening 
This morning I had full intentions of not drinking , then I started to work , guess I will try again tomorrow . CHEERS ! 
ok its official , the pitcher house is now safe for the public . all the haz mat hits all done . 
fishin , when nothin else is right , the water draws comfort to my soul . 
finished fishin . only got a couple but ow well . so my little sis got her permt today so i might go take her out driving in the morning as long as shes good , then shool in the afternoon 
Everyone is constantly reminding me that , the situation could always be worse . But , I just can't seem to forget that , it could be better . 
Knows its gotten really bad when all I look forward to is going to bed at night . 
if you don't like my driving don't walk on the sidewalk at night .. 
ok so im taking 2 of my brothers and my sister fishing in the morning at 5 am . ive got my kayak tied to the top of my car and the truck stuffed with chairs tackle boxes an all the good stuff . this'll be interesting .. anyone else wanna join ? ill be there all morning ( silverbell lake down by the river ) 
all done fishing . now i have to clean the car cuz its freakin dirty . then more work on the house . and im super hungry 
so since im waiting on trusses for the hose im building a tortoise pen :-) 
so we got a pool today an i got it all set up so now its filling :-) 
so i got the out side of the pen done , its all redwood ( ill upload pics in a little while ) and the pool is all set up an ready but i have to my little brother to school so maybe swimming tonight 
This isn't hell . This is where you get sent when you've been bad in hell . 
when you continuously receives rejection from the people you love the most , you slowly back away until you realize you don't care anymore . 
so i broke my foot the otherday and now today i threw my back out so now it freakin hurts to :-( but i got the tortoise yard and house build :-) now i just have to cover the house with ALOT of dirt and it'll almost be all the way done . tryng to finish that tomorow and then school then maybe fishing if i feel good eough after school 
funny words . . . . . . apodysophilia , gynotikolobomassophile , philopornist , philalethist , philocaly , philogyny 
so the plan is that im camping next wednsday through sunday :-) hellzzzzzz yeah 
WANTED : cool weather , biting fish , campfire smoke , the sound of crickets , & a cold drink in one hand and my pole in the other !! 
I have no status today , so write one for me ! 
super bored 
I sleep better naked ... why can't the flight attendant understand this ? 
thinks it's hotter than 2 sweaty rats humpin ' in a wool sock behind a clothes dryer in North Africa mid-summer at high noon 
in box me something you've always wanted to tell me and I'm not aloud to tell anyone , its between ME AND YOU . Put this as your status and see what you get 
It is sooo HOT here that I just saw the Devil chasing an ice cream truck ! 
i just uploaded pics of my latest project :-) 
is ready to disconnect from reality now ... see ya . 
got my little brothers 18th b-day party today :-) 
has nothing clever to say at the moment ... please stay tuned for my normal witty , charming , sarcastic self right after this important break ! 
Right side of the grass ? Check . Character defects ? Check . Joy of living ? Check . Amazement ? Check . Yep , still human . Morning folks ! 
I'm like the white crayon in the box . Most people think I'm pointless , but I'm there to cover things up when the other crayons are coloring outside the lines ! 
I'm hungry ! are u hungry ? I'M hungry ! whose hungry ? I'm hungry ! what was the question ?? 
packing for camping an then trying to sleep before i leave in the morning 
