Missing my fiance ... worried about coming decisions and steps that could potentially be risky leaps .. but I'm willing to risk it .. I mean isn't that what life is all about ? 

I need a remote like in click , so I can speed time the hell up 
Sometimes I wish I could , figuratively speaking of course , beat the crap outta the army .. 
is blissfully content .. and ready to start work and get a car .. =) .. hanging out with Linds and my litttle one .. 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone . God Bless :] 
I never thought I would say this , but I hate nights .. absolutely hate them . 
I am relatively excited about going home for Christmas , although I don't wanna leave my peanut .. I need a car ... :[ 
I am < PROPFEMALE > beyond blessed , and < PROPFEMALE > thankful for it . I miss you Hubby ... 
This year is going to be my year I am determined . And for all of you who think I am using zoosk it was an ad that popped up when I tried to click something else 
Headin home to see my Peanut tomorrow ... before like O-dark early .. Yay for long days of flying .. 
So , it's definitely official ... I hate Delta .. changed gates on me last minute , to a terminal on the complete opposite of the original , and therefore made me miss my original connection . So , now I am playin it by ear when it comes to my flight from < PROPMALE > to SLC . But , I am intrigued that you now can use wifi on the plane . Nifty , right ? 
Back home with my Peanut .. tryin to will Hubby onto skype :P . Birthday soon .. blah 
7 1/2 inches :[ .. So , today should be interesting .. seeing as how yesterday was bullshit . 
I miss my Hubby ... * sigh * 
I cut my hair , it's about shoulder length .. :)) .. I might be cutting it up to my shoulders . < Hubby , i love you > 
I hate people .... and I miss my Hubby , so freakin much ... This week can go ahead and suck my big toe . 
Going out for a weekend adventure . I miss < PROPFIRST > to ridiculousness . I'm so sick of people . I'm getting to a point where I just don't care who is ' disappointed ' in my decision , and thinks I won't ever become what I want to . I WILL and when I do , I will be sure to mail/email/post it so you can see . I will get all I originally planned and more , just in a different way than planned . Suck it . 
Weekend Adventure cancelled . I miss < PROPFIRST > to ridiculousness . I'm so sick of people . I'm getting to a point where I just don't care who is ' disappointed ' in my decision , and thinks I won't ever become what I want to . I WILL and when I do , I will be sure to mail/email/post it so you can see . I will get all I originally planned and more , just in a different way than planned . Suck it . 
So .... my throat is on fire ... and I miss my better half . What's new ? Absolutely nothing . 
has beta strep ... again ... seriously ? Commmeee onnnnnn ..... This crap is ridiculous ... Yay for no sleep ! * insert eye roll here * 
I GOT A NEW CAR !!!!! * HAPPY DANCE TIME ! * 
Sometimes I think having a lot of time to ' think ' is a bad thing . 
' Life isn't about how to survive the storm , But how to dance in the rain . ' ... job hunting . 
I feel like my heart has been ripped out of my chest , stomped on , and then put back ... I almost hate myself right now . 
One foot in front of the other , is the first step towards progress , I suppose . 
The 25th is moving day .... 
Wow , should've seen this coming .. guess I had a lot more hope than I had thought I had to be crushed . 
Goin out with Linds ... I said what what ?.... 
I'm the path you didn't notice , the < PROPFEMALE > amongst the bed of roses ... Packing is making me a little heartsick , so I am cranking the music up and ignoring all else . 
I'm the path you never noticed , the < PROPFEMALE > amongst your bed of roses .... leaving tomorrow , in Cali at 1:45 
Ya know , not everyone needs to know every detail of my personal life , if you do know , try keeping your mouth shut . gah .... Back in San < PROPFIRST > . 
I'm shakin off , shakin off all the pain , that's breakin , breakin my heart again .. I wanna break all the madness 
Canada , you may have hockey , but we have all the rest ;) 
Today is some bullshit . 
Dear Applications .. you're repetitiveness is annoying ... this is what resumes are for . 
Falling in love consists merely in uncorking the imagination and bottling the common-sense . < PROPFEMALE > Rowland 
Can someone please take my heart and bury it somewhere ? I don't want it anymore . Kthanks . 
Let's see .. wind and cold water = no swimming for me .. Off to do an ab workout and do some research for school/work 
We were given : Two hands to hold . Two legs to walk . Two eyes to see . Two ears to listen . But why only one heart ? Because the other ? was given to someone else . For us to find . -unknown 
thinks ChaLEAN should be outlawed :) ... and has a hockey game at 7 . 
Hockey game was awesome ... 4-3 . And my night was tons of fun .. hoping for repeats ;) 
Hip hop abs and dance workout .... most amazing/fun workout I've ever done ... xD yay for leanin ' up 
Things are finallllly falling into place ... 
Is thinking that maybe things are going to get wayy better starting this weekend ;) . and that is about time to let the past go . 
So .. you can text , but I might or might not respond , Out all weekend ... Talk to you Monday :) 
So ... 850 number is d-e-d dead until I get my new phone , if you need me call the other phone :) 
Planning my day tomorrow , lots to do .. Lots of hope for the future . Had an amazing , relaxing weekend with some of the people I love . 
Really happy ... and planning some more . :) On the phone with a certain light in my life <3 
Why oh why , can't you just send a resume instead of answering the same damn questions umpteen billion times ? Dear Companies , this is what resumes are for , it would make things so much easier on yourselves ... and plus , is there a point to asking both the questions and for the resume ? Quite redundant and is a needless time consumer . Fix this ... kay thanks . 
I am not a cripple ... and am therefore going to workout some . Be back in a bit . 
Mmm onto domestic duties and maybe some drawing later ... 
Sometimes I hate caring so much about other people ... when it makes you physically ill , you know there's a problem .... wishing I could go back to sleep now . 
feels like she hates her genetics at the moment ... going to sleep the rest of the day and try not to puke . 
has had a good day . Got a bathing suit and some summer clothes ... and is VERY excited for < PROPMALE > to get here . 
Out to dinner at < PROPMALE > N < PROPMALE>'s with < PROPMALE > . Hope everyone had a good day :) 
is going to find something to do to keep preoccupied ... 
is having an amazing day today , and is very blessed . <3 
Job interview tomorrow at 10:45 ... cross your fingers ! Very very excited . 
got the job ! Yay !!! And Mom is fired from ever giving me directions ... spending an hour and a half trying to get home from fifteen minutes away is absolutely ridiculous . 
... blah ... 
is making a new recipe ... :) 
migraines are the bane of my existence ... bed 
Doing some creative stuffs and planning some others ;) 
Planning my shopping trip .. This weekend should be amazing :) 
Shopping ... Laundry ... Cleaning .. Baking ... I have a looot to do today . :) 
fbnbcvvcnncvnvlgnddfjklghjklfdhklgdhklfhdklfhdklfdhkljdfhllkjgdg . People piss me off . That is all . 
makin macaroni , and then a peach cheesecake :) 
So ... brownies done ... cheesecake done ... Cake cake ... half done . Tomorrow - Laundry , cookies , packing , and the start of an amazing weekend . 
I am very blessed ... but I wish Target would call me already about orientation so I can go to work , and work on saving up some money . :) 
Man asheqetam . Doret begardam . :) 
I hate girls who assume that they know everything and everyone . Don't attack me , when you don't know anything about me or my past . I don't need this shit from immature little girls who love drama . Let me know if you want me to bend over so you can kiss my ass . -- off to work . 
Work was good- met some interesting people like Mikko . I think I am going to love working here lol . 
work 1115 to 1515 .. then some cooking 
Okay ... so maybe no cooking :) ... off to bed . Work tomorrow 1815-2315 .. and laundry day .. I hate laundry . 
So ... change of plans . Lots of Laundry ... it's Mom's birthday , so she's home , and work from 1815-2215 
Picked up an extra shift .. so workin 3:45 - 11:30 .. In between dinner with my < PROPFEMALE > , and then sleep ... And then work this weekend . 
Happy Armed Forces Day ! :) . Work from 1700-2100 , and playin with my new mouse Annalyn . Then later , hanging out with < PROPMALE > <3 
work from 1215-415 .... Then off tomorrow .. Let's see how many people I ring up today :) 
Work tomorrow from 4-8 .. Other than that , I pick up Mine and < PROPMALE>'s kitten on Friday .. ( btw I don't like being away for two weeks ... AT ALL ) 
Work from 7-11 ... Mom is really sick , so I am home taking care of her and running medicine errands .. might be taking her to the hospital later .. So , if I don't respond to texts or whatnot , don't feel offended .. 
F .... M .... L .... Hyrfujoledsyhujkfjdreyhgyejukdy . That is all . 
work 4-1130 ... 
work from 4-1130 .. Then this weekend I have dinner with < PROPMALE > , my Grandparents and Great Grandma . Might be moving relatively soon to Monterey :) 
Party tonight for < PROPFEMALE>'s Birthday , with all my girls , ( super excited ) , and then work tomorrow from 8-4 . 
So .... I broke my actual computer .. and now all that's left is my little netbook . Work tomorrow from 3- 11:30 . 
irritated and going to bed ... No work tomorrow . 
So , back from work and deciding to change a few things ... we'll see how they go . 
Date night with < PROPMALE > :) Work tomorrow 3-1130 
My day off .... relaxin and doin some research ;) 
ugh .. this stuff is so overwhelming ... But in a slightly excited overwhelming 
Kraak en Smaak - Squeeze Me is possibly one of THE best songs ever . Dancing-Straightening my hair and doing laundry :) 
<3 Music is life <3 ... Don't let circumstances bring you down , more often than not they either lead you to something much better , or make you grow into a better person . Things may be hard now , but focus on the bright , and keep your head up , skies can only be darkened for so long . Encourage your sun to shine . 
Work tomorrow 1:30 - 10:00 .. so many things to think about . blek . 
Going to go plan my tattoo with Dox . :))) 
Tattoo Day . :)))) 
Ow ... oww ..... owwwwwwwwww ........ Gah . Work from 315-1130 and tomorrow 8-4 .. Then hopefully finishing my tattoo . ( Dox is amazing ) . 
So take two of part two of my tattoo ... Lotsa twos huh ? Lol . Then work 415-1130 
Sick .. stressed ... and hurting . Going to ignore life until tomorrow at 1130 . Goodnight . 
Work from 3ish to close ... Again .. I love closing .. really I do ( not ) . My words on my tattoo are almost done peeling and next weekend is going to be amazing .. 5 days to go 
Off today , work tomorrow from 11-330 then hangin with my Bubba after that . Off to quit procrastinating and actually clean . :) 
gettin excited . Lookin at apartments , and makin some plans up at court ;) . I love you Baby <3 . Tomorrow work from 1230-9 .. And midnight showing tonight of Airbender- 3D 
Work 330-1130 ... fun stuff . ?? ?? ????? ???? ????? ? ????? ????? ?????? ????? ?? ???? ?? ???? ?? ???? ?? ???? ???. ?? ??? ???? ?? ???? ???? ? ????? ??? ?? ??????. 
Work 3-4 ( p-fresh training ) then 515-1000 ... Long day tomorrow , had a tough day today .. I think I have lost quite a bit of hope for the male population ( no offense ) 
And closing again tomorrow ... 3-1130ish . Yay for late nights and weird schedules .. Working 9-545 on Saturday .... and planning and planning and panicing .... 
So , for everyone who doesn't know , I am getting married to < PROPMALE > Daniels in about a couple of weeks .. I am super ecstatic and planning things all hectic like- while working . Hope everyone is doing well :) I love you guys 
Dear bigfishgames.com, how the hell can I download a game , or buy one if your damn site has too many cookies for my computer to handle ? My computer is diabetic apparently , so please please fix yourself so I can download my freakin game . k thanks . \ 
\ 
work from 4-1130 ... again ( anyone seeing a pattern here ? ) 
So trying for a doctor's appointment tomorrow ... and then work 3-1130 
Today officially , royally sucked . Life decided to kick my ass , and I can't say , knocked on my ass , that I appreciate it . 
I'm getting married today ! :))) 
Married two days and Blissfully happy at the < PROPMALE > , then off to the DMV and San < PROPFIRST > :) 
One more day before I have to go to work .. :) 
Work tomorrow 315-1130 .. and closin the rest of this week . Missin my husband already .. ugh . 
Wow .. I would be told this right after my husband left and I have to go to work . It's hard to keep joyful about someone joining the Lord , when we lose them . RIP , you were dearly dearly loved even though you weren't family by blood , you were always in heart . 
Going to go stay up all night playing games and watching movies with my brother . I love the people I work with- they help me see the brighter side of things :) I love you all . 
HUSBANDS WEEK : If you have a husband who makes your life interesting , fun and spoils you , who is your best friend . Who's been with you through thick and thin and who has been a blessing in your life . And to whom you are PROUD to be married to . Copy and Paste this to your status with the years married ... 1 week on Wednesday . 
Life is kickin my ass this week . Off tomorrow and thursday 
God works in very mysterious ways , but I am blessed , and thank Him endlessly for everything I have received and everything that has yet to happen that He has planned . God is good :) 
Had a really productive day yesterday .. cleaned my disaster of a room , folded and put away laundry , swept and mopped the kitchen and bathroom , did the dishes , cleaned the bathroom and kitchen , took out the trash and vacuumed , now off to work at 2-1030 and hopefully coming home to my husband . 
Best night/morning in a long time . Had a pillow fight with my husband , made dinner , watched mythbusters and then watched some videos together . I love him with all my heart , and these are the moments that make separation a little easier to bear . 
A U.S. military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing his/her family while you are safe at home . In the minute it takes you to read this , military members all over the world are not only saving lives , butsacrificing their own for your freedom . It's Military Appreciation ....... Week . Repost this if you are : in the ... military , love a military member , hold memories of a fallen hero , appreciate our troops . 
Tomorrow is my day off .. thank God . I'm utterly and completely exhausted . 
Dear Life , \ 
Please quit emptying boulders onto my path .. They hurt my feet when I have to climb them . \ 
And I guess I will sleep amongst them because I am done chiseling at this mountain today . Kthanks . \ 
Love . Me 
So , anyone who loves me want part of my shift today ? Like 6-1130 ? It's originally 3-1130 so if ya just want it completely , I can do that too :) 
Work today and tomorrow 3-1130 ... Hopefully breakfast with my grandparents ( yay ! ) and missing my husband more everyday . 
Had a really fun night- and now I am completely and utterly exhausted . Looking forward to Thursday- Sunday :)) 
Losing a cell phone + Being lost for an hour and a half + oversleeping and not hearing the alarm+ not calling in on time + Me actually being sick = FML 
Feeling slightly better - still can't find my phone ( cough-Jessaboo-cough cough ) . Gonna go get < PROPMALE>'s car , then cook some dinner and see if my stomach can settle all the way . Today has been pretty rough , but on the bright side it could have been much worse . 
Today went by super fast ... Thank goodness . I am about to make me some dinner because I am starving and then do some dishes and watch some food network . :) 
Today will be a good day :) I can feel it . 
Workin at Midoriz , then workin at Tar-jay at 6:15 - 10:15 .. Long Long day . 
Had a rough weekend ... Onto a packed week .. Workin 1330-2200 again . 
Getting pretty stoked planning for this weekend :) . Out to Monterey tomorrow , today has been a pretty awesome day , even though it was just the ' normal ' routine :) I love my team members <3 
Revel in the small details , because they create the fabric of life - the laughter of a child , the wind on a beautiful day , those silly toys that have no real purpose but to make you smile at it's purposelessness , the love from one person to another , and the mundane , normal-everyday routine because it all comes down to one thing- You're blessed , Loved , and Living <3 
Excited ! Moving in tomorrow !! YAAAYYYY ! And Oregon on Saturday :) 
Okay , so to clear things up , < PROPMALE > is moving in today , a lot of family stuff going on , today's been a little rough so far and work at four .. I think that's just about it . Trying to stay positive .. God doesn't give us anymore than we can handle . 
Loving someone doesn't mean they never piss you off , it seems to mean they are the people who piss you off the most , and yet you can't seem to stay mad at them , forgiveness is always given . 
Transferring on the 12th ... Kinda sad .. I love my target family :)) . Been up off and on since 430 cleaned my house finally and work 1645 to 2330 .. I feel very productive and tired . 
No work today ( hooray - < PROPFIRST > look it's contagious :P ) , currently contemplating cleaning the house or doing absolutely nothing today , leaning more towards the former , and then wings with all my girls in San < PROPFIRST > later tonight .. I think things might just be looking up soon . I am tremendously blessed . 
Internet and cable installed - check , clean the house- not so check , Hooters tonight not checked but sure as hell will be :) , nap- rainchecked in favor of checking aforementioned cleaning ... Music blaring- CHECK :))) 
Work check .. more work .. check .. Have a life- dang I knew I forgot somethin :) 
Bubble bath then work . 3-10 in GS .. Man I thought I got rid of those hours .. blek . 
I am so beyond tired of giving people a way out , to fix things , and then them completely screwing up even further ; but apparently that's okay because I don't matter to the people I should matter the most to . Done does not even describe what I am right now . 
HUSBAND WEEK ? : If you have a husband who's been with you through thick & thin , who's a blessing in your life , makes your life interesting , full offun & is your best friend , show you are PROUD to be married ! Copy & paste with your wedding date . July 28 , 2010 
Worked 8-4 , came home and took a three hour napped , cooked/barbecued(sp ? ) with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and the Hubby . Overall my day started out bad , and consistently got better . God has most definitely blessed my life . Revel in the small details with the people you love , because one day they just might not be there . < PROPFEMALE > the time . <3 
Working 9-5 at Starbucks . I have to say , as much as I no longer really have a life outside my husband and work , I love working at ST , it's a lot of fun . Same with Pizza Hut/Food Ave . Hope everyone has a good day :) 
Work tomorrow at 7:30 am .. Blek lol . Hoping to see some family these next two weeks , suppper stoked . <3 L&L&L <3 
About to head to work .. PS . To all my home target peoples .... I miss you ! 
I like it on the dining room table , the floor , in my lap or in my car . 
Had to steal this from the Auntie \ I know too many people who stood in line to get second helpings of a ' special kind of stupid\ " Lol " 
It's amazing how a < PROPFEMALE > apartment can need sooooooo much cleaning . Off to clean some more , and blast some music :) 
Work tomorrow 11-330 .. and off to watch The < PROPFEMALE > movie with the hubby- and then I am off to bed . :) 
Straightening my hair and hanging out with the family .. Headed to LA tonight and all through this weekend for some very needed R&R 
Goin shooting with the family . ( Sigh ) Lol . Then maybe Jackass 3D- and then return to reality .. and hopefully taking a little party favor back with us :) 
I wish I could just turn my emotions and mind off sometimes .. but since I can't I am just going to give it all to God because only He can shoulder all the burdens my mind and heart < PROPFEMALE > . 
Long Long Long Long day today . Coming down with a cold I think ( not fun ) and work 10-2 , then Wed and Thurs at 0730 am 
You won't ever know how I feel until the shoe's on the other feet , and you experience what I did/do .. I pray everyday that that time comes realll soon . 
Even through all the stress , trials and tribulations , I am still blessed beyond measure . I love my sisters , my family and my husband ( they are all really incorporated I suppose :) so so very much . 
Hey , you fancy huh , hey you fancy huh ? 
Woke up extra early today- but I feel really good , and obscenely upbeat lately . :) Thank God for small miracles . Tomorrow is my day off and I plan on doing a job fair- and then a photoshoot with Allio , and then absofreakinglutely nothing . Until then I am off to work 9-5 . 
Went to the beach with the Husband and my sister .. It's the little things in life , the smallest joyful memories that get us through the darkest days . 
Went to the beach today , and felt so much better when I left .. it's like the steady rocking of the waves slowly takes all the fear and pain with it , with each motion I felt more and more like the weight was being lifted off me piece by piece . Thank you God . I needed that . 
Life brings all kind of changes , everyday .. and you have the ability to choose . Be shameless , be strong , and take your chances for what you believe in , and what you want . Don't sit back and expect life to just continue aimlessly , make your life what it was intended to be .. Live , Laugh , Love .. with no restraint , and no regrets . 
Disappointment seems to often walk hand-in-hand with hope . 
Dear Luck , couldn't you decide to grace me with your presence for just a few days of my life ? Why must your sibling Bad Luck be my roomate ? Please please stop letting these things happen to me .. Please and thank you . 
I can NOT wait until < PROPFEMALE > gets that son of a biscuit who vandalized my car .. I freakin hate California . 
Loving the fall weather finally makin an appearance in Monterey , and my day off :) . I miss my Allio though , and I think I decided to dye my hair professionally for once and keep my hair long but do something with it , any ideas on cut and color ? 
It's funny how when you change your mind , what you previously wanted so badly ends up happening . I'm getting pretty stoked and scared at the same time :) . I am blessed .. And I love my family . 
Today was absolutely horrible .. I don't know how women do this . Lol . I know tomorrow will be better ... ( hopefully ) 
< PROPFIRST > White and my husband are getting beaten up next time I see them for giving me their stomach virus on top of everything else . Feeling better , thank God .. But they are still getting it :) 
Why do doctor's offices take so damn long to see you ... bleh 
I am going to keep chanting that everything will work itself out and that today will be a good day until it's true . What a way to start my day . 
Dear Life ... \ 
Stop being such a &^*&$($ . I am trying very hard to be optimistic and you keep kicking me down .. I'd appreciate it if you cease and desist . \ 
Thanks , \ 
< PROPFEMALE > 
I am thankful for my family that is my strength , because I don't know what I would do without them . I am thankful for long long and irritating days at work , because it means I have a job to pay my bills .. I am thankful for my husband who has seen me fall past my worst , make-up streaked and hysterical and still loves me for all my faults . 
We hate about others what we really hate in ourselves , and you just proved you are absolutely no different from that which you claim to hate . I dream and you give me false hope , because reality is you haven't changed , and I deserve better than this . 
Off to work 1200-1630 then off to see my Mom . Be back to reality on Wednesday . 
Alright- so I guess I will join the game .. No idea how it works still though :) . 
54- We have had some rough times , but we have always been there for each other . No matter what- family sticks together . I love you very much , and you are a strong ass woman and I can't wait to see what you do when you ' grow up ' :) I miss you . 
69.69 -(You would , lol)I've known you for over a decade , nuts right ..? You've seen me at my best and worst , and are one of my best friends . I have a strong feeling you'll be one I keep all my life . Like a big brother you've helped me grow into the person I am , and never fail to lift me up when I think I can't stand anymore . 
9- I met you way back in the day when I was ecstatic to be the Vocalist in Band .. You were one of the only people that made me less nervous because you were so friendly and outgoing ( and goofy :P ) You made Jazz Band so much fun .. We had lots of random fun in the band room , you're a sweetheart and I hope everything is going well for you . 
And how many times I gave my heart , to how many times we fell apart , it equals a promise in the dark , so don't promise me . 
wow ... what a big surprise ... NOT . 
Despite the sadness , despite the trials , I know He is with me through it all , waiting patiently while I fall apart so He can piece me back together again . 
I know you have your wings now , and you don't have any limitations .. I love you , you were always a Mom to me .. regardless of whether I wanted it or not :) . You pushed me to be the best , and to fulfill my dreams , and I will try my best to make you proud . 
Thank the Lord we are done with our holiday driving and for all the blessings he has put in my life .. ( I think over 26 hours of driving in roughly four days is wayyyyy too much just fyi lol . ) Happy Birthday to my love < PROPFIRST > Johnson-Puff . I miss you so much and I love you lots , hope your birthday is amazing . 
Well .. you see .. it's really a funny story ... 
D i n o sa u r a dinosaur . You know life is good when an adorable four year old asks for your\ telephone number\ " :) " 
Forget the war . Forget the politics . Remember your Freedom of speech . Remember how your house is your safe haven . Remember Freedom to pursue your dreams whatever they might be . Then think about the Soldiers who protect and give that right with the life they sign away to protect you , yours , and theirs . Soldiers do NOT start wars , they fight them for those who can't/don't . 
Don't break me , I bruise easily , I am steady , beating endlessly , while you are dozing , dreaming pretty things , lovely things .. I don't work for free .. please take care of me .. This is a message from your heart , your most devoted body part . 
Today is a beautiful day , and even more beautiful spending it with my amazing , growing family . < PROPFEMALE > Steelman , Odin Torres , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Fitzpatrick , < PROPMALE > Daniels and I are going to have an amazing day . I <3 them . 
Today is filled of some epic fails . 1- a bumper sticker on a minivan ( who can't drive saying \my child at a charter school\ " .. apparently they have a much higher " 
is officially \Mariah < PROPFIRST > Daniels\ " as of yesterday :) <3 " 
is about to dye my hurr and < PROPFEMALE > out with some friends ... and clean :) Oh for birthdays . lol 
Worst birthday in the history of birthdays . I wish these past couple of days never happened . 
* < PROPMALE > throws salad * \ 
Odin : boy i don't want to toss your salad . Gross . \ 
Me and ashleigh : bahahahahahahhaahhahahaah 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes :) 
You know how there is irritated , mad , pissed , really pissed , completely pissed and then just purely livid .. I am way beyond that . I'm done being a doormat , and I'm done with liars , and I'm done with manipulative people . I'm completely freakin done . 
So .. much .. research .. I feel like my head's going to explode .. Girl's night anyone ? 
\It's not delivery ... it's .. clearly unmistakenly not delivery .. Why didn't you order delivery ?! \"" 
sometimes it just feels like it is too much effort , too much heartbreak to keep on hoping . 
I have a lot on my mind , and sometimes I wish I could just turn it off . 
Things are changing , and change is difficult to handle sometimes when we get complacent ... I'm sort of ready :) 
Isn't it funny how when you're world seems to fall apart , everyone else's keeps spinning , and you watch it , envying the way life continues it's carousel ride , while you're stuck sitting on the curb outside the park , just staring in . 
Moving is sooo much fun ... NOT . Resting some before we leave tomorrow on our grand ole adventure . I love my husband- he makes this all a lot easier to handle ... 
Time isn't endless , but my love is timeless . Dreams aren't reality but my reality far surpasses my dreams . Life never lasts forever , so i'll promise always , and for always you'll be the heart of mine . 
Wow ... I had forgotten what a sunburn feels like .. now I'm wishin I could go back to that lovely-non-burning-ignorance . Decorating the Red < PROPFEMALE > for it's 1 year anniversary and trying to keep < PROPFEMALE > sane ( which is not an easy task people :P ) 
Sonic Rollerskater Girl : \Ma'am just so you know you're drink is made wrong .. It normally doesn't come in that size so she made it wrong . \ " \ 
