Public Service Announcment : Don't be a creeper like this guy ---> ~ (o , O ~ ) . 

My head's about to explode xP 
Not sure if I should be concerned with the fact that I know all the words to Tik Tok perfectly ... 
Yay snow !!!!!!!... I'm cold 
Alas , the snow is gone . Join me in mourning my friends . It was so beautiful ... :( 
Nothing . Nothing is on my mind . Well ..... now that you mention it ...... 
Tired . Way too tired :( 
Since im Catholic i had to give up something for 40 days , so i gave up insulting my dear friend , < PROPFIRST > Wahl , when he says stupid things which , if you know him , is considered a hard thing to do by many other friends . So far i'm perfect WOOT ! 
Ran a 5:00:00 mile today . I think my legs are crying , both in pain and joy , but mostly pain . 
Team USA lost to Canada ! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ! 
Hello , I am your mind giving you someone to talk to ... 
I don't believe in love , i'll just pretend she never was real ... 
I feel ... like sleeping . Alot . 
boredboredboredboredbored 
Who likes short shorts ? 
Track meet today . To all of you that I won't see today , you know who you are lol , I hope you have a great weekend . 
New personal best mile time - 4:58:09 ! Time to ice my buttox lol 
Such a tiring weekend . I could die right now and it would be all good . 
Narwhals Narwhals Narwhals Narwhals 
Sweet lemonade , mmmm sweet lemonade ! 
Glargleblargleglarglrgloo 
Sometimes you feel like you want to kick someone in the face ... so you kick the wall or the pillow instead to work off the anger to make yourself feel better . But how do you think the walls and pillows feel ? 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day !!!!! For all of you who arent wearing green , beware my pinching prowess mwahahahahahahahaha ~ ( O.o ) ~ 
Spring break's coming to an end . Back to the same old stuff i hate . Blegh :( 
That was the most miserable track meet ive ever run in . I think my toes are finally thawed out ... 
Snow . Blech XP 
is wondering why his arm hurts so much . 
Is physically exhausted . 
Very tiring weekend . Friday I ran \ok\ " in the mile . 2-mile was good but i really don't care about that race . Mile leg of the distance medley at the Jesuit meet was really painful considering it was only 9 hours after we got home on Friday and again ran around 5 < PROPFEMALE > . Need to get back under 5 now . " 
Im meditating , Ohmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm ... gasp ... mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm 
“Every morning in Africa , a Gazelle wakes up . It knows it must run faster than the fastest lion or it will be killed . Every morning a Lion wakes up . It knows it must outrun the slowest Gazelle or it will starve to death . It doesn't matter whether you are a Lion or a Gazelle ... when the sun comes up , you'd better be running . ” Love that :) 
To EVERYONE in the WORLD : Look up the amazing horse song or the Nerd Follia cover of it . Hilarious stuff . I'd link it or something fancy like that but im too lazy :P 
Somethin somethin somethin ... APRIL FOOLS !!!!! 
can't wait for the 24th 
Just took a nap and it was amazingawesomesauce . Im happy and groggy at the same time . Kinda wierd :P 
Happy Easter !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Back to school . Just kill me now . 
........................................ 
Wondering where i went wrong and how i'm gonna fix it . Not thinking successfully yet . 
4:54 mile and 11:03 2-mile . Both personal bests . Now for district 
Wants to go back in time to a certain point not so long ago where i messed something up with someone and punch myself in the face . 
JELLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!! and districts . 
2-mile at districts was great . 10:40 ! 4 sec off school record and 23 sec improvement from personal best :) Can't wait for the mile tomorrow . 
4:43 mile :) 
A very depressing situation has turned out to be a big misunderstanding and i feel much better now . 
is a fish . 
Pizza , Pepsi , and Physics : the three P's of my night :( 
Today was ... blech . Nothing good today . 
Pretty much nothin to do today . Dreadful q (-.- q ) 
gar . 
Needs to start doin more core . Dem abs be a gettin a < PROPFEMALE > bit flabby me thinks . 
Muddy Creek Run . Shoes , or no shoes ? O.o 
It's go time .... 
Overall winner of Muddy Creek Run = this guy 
Only you can make this world seem right Only you can make the darkness bright :D 
Hmmm , SAT tomorrow . Never really prepared for it ... should be interesting . Lez do dis ! 
Taking a neep after the SAT and waking up is the worst feeling in the world . Ugh XP 
does not like himself at all atm . Too many mistakes and idiotic decisions really bringin me down . All i wanna do is run till i puke ( which never happens ) three times over tomorrow morning . Maybe that will make my mind get the message . 
You gotta love the people who can make you smile and laugh even when you just want to be sulky and wallow in your depressive problems . Just gotta love em :) 
Just had pixie dust poured all over me on the bus . It itches . 
Woke up at 1:30 p . m ... yum 
Can't go to @ ! #$ing sleep . This is what i get for allowing myself to oversleep . 
From Urban Dictionary ... Collin : An invisible creature that lives only on the steps of stairs . They look like cylinders with a smiley face on the top . Everytime someone steps on the face of a < PROPMALE > , they sink into their < PROPMALE > -holes and let out a soft \COLLIN \"" 
Hates when one day you and a friend are on great terms and then the next day something screws it all up . 
Can't ... go ... to ... sleep ... O.O ... still ... can't ... sleep ... curse ... sugar 
Can't ... go ... to ... sleep ... O.O ... still ... can't ... sleep ... curse ... sugar ! 
Miss Michigan won the Miss USA Pageant ... what the balls !?! Miss Oklahoma was much better . 
One of my best friends whom i love very much is leaving . Happened with my running < PROPMALE > and that hasn't turned out all that well since i never see him anymore . That may happen with her too . Fuck . Just fuck . 
I want a spider monkey ... that can shoot lasers from its eyes ... preferably not at me ... 
Chinese food ... 
i'm happy 
i wish i could go to sleep\ 
because i am so sleepy\ 
but i cannot go to sleep\ 
and that pisses me off . 
Thank you for the happy birthdays but for the sake of an old pas t-t ime that facebook has ruined , how many of you only knew it was my birthday bc of that little reminder thing ? 
Wow ... thanks everyone !!! And for all you in guys track , u missed me yet again hahahaha 
is officially bored , possibly even boring . 
I'm a little teapot short and stout 
So , uh , how do i put this ... summer sucks . It is absolutely horrible , well , for me at least . 
You know when you are insane , and possibly a bit lonely , when you only realize you are talking to yourself very loudly after you notice an old guy on his porch staring at you like you are some raving lunatic . And who did that happen to today ? This guy . 
Bored , lonely except for playin with < PROPMALE > , and oh so very tired . On the bright side , hockey camp is over after tomorrow . Unfortunately tryouts are this weekend . And so begins the everlasting busy period of my year . 
Have you ever tried to get something done or wanted something to happen , and , no matter how long you've wanted it to happen or tried to get it done , you end up with no results and feeling stupid and a little bitter for even beginning to think it was possible ? Yea , that's me right now . 
Tryouts tomorrow for last year of hockey ... frightening . 
tired ... tiredtired ... tiredtiredtired ... TIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIRRRRRRRRRRREEEEEEEDDDDD !!!!! -.- 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!! 
goin to arkansas for a week . bye 
so ... i know not many people i know will care about this or know about this but , um , when does cross-country practice start up again ? I seem to have forgotten ... again . 
waking up at 4 in the morning to run 12 < PROPMALE > , so if you see me on the side of the road l < PROPFEMALE > ng dead you know y ..... i need a psychiatrist ..... 
:D 
Not gonna lie , im feelin pretty damn good right now :) 
freakinoutfreakinoutfreakinoutfreakinoutfreakinout !!!!!!! O.O 
We've been trailing the elusive tactical nuke for a week now and , it seems , it is still to elusive for our pudgy little fingers to grasp . today we caught up to it , almost had it , we could smell it , but sadly time ran out before we could get the last kill . ultimate sadness in afghan :'( 
500 days of summer-honestly not a bad movie , but depressing for someone like me . 
anyone else not understand < PROPFEMALE > menaj's music vid for your love or whatever it's called ? 
actually going to bed at a decent hour . wierd 
goodnight beautiful people 
26 kill streak and i had EMP instead of nuke set >.< first game of the day too using this horrible intervention . 
< PROPFEMALE > Aguilera - You Lost Me ... i don't know y but i really like this song 
LUCKY CHARMS FTW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
THERE'S A WASP IN THE HOUSE ! AHHHH ... * whimpering sounds * ... we're all gonna die :'( 
ughlebunnies 
how is everyone getting their f --- ing schedules !?! >.< 
waking up this early repeatedly must against the laws of nature 
enjoyin the dum dums i stole from our booth at pirate night . mmm yum yum dum dums . 
\Yay 
11:00 2 mile at the start of the season . not bad , not bad at all 
Meet tomorrow and start of 4 game hockey tournament . Know who's gonna be completely dead tuesday ? This guy . 
Very good meet , very brutal tournament . Exhausted . 
whoever created standardized test should be subjected to watching < PROPMALE > for 72 hours straight , followed by a tellietubbies marathon and chinese water torture , then a hot oil bath till they are nice and < PROPFEMALE > brown and just a bit crispy , finally ending in a publicly televised event where they are drawn and quartered by blood-thirsty unicorns from hell . 
la < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > la la < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > la la 
Fucking horrible day , except for giving < PROPFEMALE > cookies as a belated birthday thing ... that was pretty good 
my day was quite eventful , lots of highs and lows . i think the worst part was spilling that water on my pants while waiting for the car ..... 
Dammit , can't sleep . Ive been trying for 2 hours and im scared to go get water ( cuz im slightly thirsty ) because i don't want to wake anyone up >.< 
Who just got 145 points on his fantasy team and dominated the league ? <------ this guy . 
Civ V boys and girls , Civ V ... 
I can kill 100 zombies ! http://tiny.cc/zombietest 
I don't need clothes to make me look fat ! - this is why my dad is awesome 
2nd place . sweet action . 
Sooo . Got first in our little practice bi-meet up at the school which was nice and all , BUT what was reeeally nice was that i apparently improved quite a bit to run a 16:47 3 mile :) now for districts . oh boy . 
y does it say i wrote on people's walls when i did nothing of the sort . fuck you facebook fuck you 
DAMMIT FACEBOOK , STOP WRITING ON PEOPLE'S WALLS SAYING IT WAS ME !!! URE TURNING ME INTO A GIANT SQUID OF ANGERRRRRRRRR !!!!! 
Alright , must admit that im slightly depressed by the final cross-country run of the year . Maybe cuz of all the hype of regionals , and the fact that THOSE DAMN OFFICIALS MADE ME TAKE OFF MY LUCKY SLIDERS !!! But still , a PR is just fine and when i think about how this isn't my best event , it makes me extatic for the mile in track . 4:20 here i come . 
Just had an epic 1h 12min long terran vs . terran bout . looking at the replay , i could have won in half the time if i had 1 ) remembered to get a < PROPFEMALE > , and 2 ) scouted the bottom damn corner for his floating command center that i couldn't find for like 20 minutes . 
RAAAAAANGERRRRRRRRSSSSSSS !!!! damnit 
Let's see , testing out tagging stuff so i don't look like a retard later . Enfield < PROPFIRST > is making me an amazing black people music playlist to enhance my soul levels 
Went and saw the play which was amazingly awesome and hilarious and technically saw it with < PROPFIRST > Burns and < PROPFEMALE > Tidwell who are equally awesome :) although they did initially say i was a creeper for sitting by myself cuz i saw noone i knew at that time ... 
PLEASE PUT THIS ON YOUR STATUS IF YOU KNOW SOMEONE WHO HAS BEEN EATEN BY DRAGONS . DRAGONS ARE NEARLY UNSTOPPABLE AND IN CASE YOU DIDN'T KNOW , THEY CAN BREATHE FIRE . 93% OF PEOPLE WON'T COPY AND PASTE THIS , BECAUSE THEY HAVE ALREADY BEEN EATEN BY DRAGONS . 6% ... OF PEOPLE ARE SITTING IN THE SHOWER ... ... ARMED WITH FIRE EXTINGUISHERS , AND ... THE REMAINING 1% ARE AWESOME AND WILL REPOST THIS 
Pirates goin to Jerryworld ! Imma go kill stuff now ... 
Quiz card : What agriculture related disease swept the < PROPMALE > Empire in 80 B.C. killing thousands of humans and animals ? \ 
\ 
< PROPFEMALE > Sloane ( my mom ): SYPHILLUS !!! 
WYLIE KICKIN ASS AND TAKIN ' NAMES WOOOOOOOOOOO ! good job pirates . 
playing team mexico tomorrow for the final game of our thanksgiving tournament . yes < PROPFIRST > , mexico does have hockey , but this isn't like their national team or something like that . they're just called team mexico 
There you go Enfield < PROPFIRST > 
Boom , mind blown ! ( as u stare at my profile pic ) 
also , today at work , a girl told me im handsome and she likes my dark hair . normally id love that and react accordingly , but she was definately 8 years old >.< curse my unluckiness . it was cute though 
Enfield < PROPFIRST > and I , by the grace of the ff gods , will once again be duking it out in the Battle of the Mustaches , only this time it's a championship bout . As such I believe we should each portray out respective team's logo on fb . I also would like to ask all you people to show your support of your favorite team by putting up the same pic . This is it , the Super Bowl of the ' Staches ... THERE CAN ONLY BE ONE ! 
If i have 3 excused absences that r excused via parent note , do they count towards my total that would prevent exam exemption ? 
I indulged myself in some triple atomic sauce at this place that serves great wings . I cried after the first taste , and I couldn't feel my cheeks after i dipped an entire fry in the stuff the second time :D 
is acutely aware that he received a bad haircut on friday so he doesn't need to be reminded by you idiots all day long . 
I thought my car was white before ... 
Guess who has hockey practice on Super Bowl Sunday . That's right , this guy . 
\And moving down we have a narwhal ... spearing a baby seal . \ " :D " 
Everybody at work just got < PROPMALE > rolled over the loudspeaker XD 
why is it that every night before a meet , i feel absolutely horrible about what's gonna happen . 
Ahhh , this was a good day . Started playing SnD on Black Ops again , and other stuff that will just be boring to you all . Now i should start doing that ... zzzzzzzzz -.- 
If anybody from the track team reads this , I would love for you to tell me how the events went , especially for distance . That means times along with places . 
Been listening to celtic/irish music for the entire day . It makes me happy inside :) 
Hockey season is officially over . Great year that hurt like hell . That means i can finally take a rest ... and go run 4:30 ish miles ... something's wrong with me :) 
In the < PROPFEMALE > month of May , from my home I started , left the girls of Tuam , nearly broken hearted , saluted father dear , kissed my darlin ' mother , drank a pint of beer , my grief and tears to smother , then off to reap the corn and leave where I was born , I cut a stout blackthorn , to banish ghost and goblin , in a brand new pair of brogues , I rattled o'er the bogs , and frightened all the dogs , on the < PROPMALE > road to Dublin . 
So I totally did the fitness test pacer thing barefoot and had to stop at 70 because I couldn't turn anymore - feet felt like they were getting chewed up . And I don't want to kill my feet until Friday , then they can die again ... 
Fair warning : if I find what your wwf name is , I will ninja start a game with you :) 
Words with friends : Zharghar . Prepare to be annihilated ... or victorious . 
4:46 mile and 10:42 2mile ... damn good meet . now to flop face-first on my bed :) 
For the first time in a long time I get to lay back on a Saturday . Luckily for me , the 2011 Indoor Big Ten Championships is on :) 
If anybody knows how to do this stupid APES project , I would love u forever if you could tell me . 
shitty meet . my own fault . sprinters stepped on my sloane birthday ( day my last name was legally changed ) cupcakes . i hate them . they also spilled soda and foodstuff on my clothes and other things . my glasses got shoved into the stepped on icing . i hate them even more . just gonna have to bounce back . 
Nothin like good ol ' hard labor to make u forget ur frustrations . Gonna get new spikes tomorrow and build that stupid model 
Yay ! I just love it when work extends ur shifts without telling u . Now I won't be able to buy those spikes tonight . -.- 
Guess who's getting his new spikes sometime in the next 2 days ( preferably tomorrow) ? This guy :) 
