needs a damn PAYCHECK . I can't believe it's legal to work for a month and not get paid for it until the next month . 

will be in LA in ONE WEEK ! YAY ! 
??????????? 
will be on a plane to LA in a few hours ... why am I still awake ?! 
just got back home earlier today , had SO MUCH FUN in LA ! 
Taking the day off to catch up on sleep is ALWAYS a good idea . 
enjoys running away from work to wander around Albany to pick up unnecessary things . Who wants some Starbucks ~ ? 
Would any current SLU students be interested in being a penpal for students studying English at Kobe College in Japan ? Professor Deguchi is teaching over in Japan now , and she's looking for people interested in this project . Let me know if you're interest 
is in a REALLY strange mood today . But ate the best apple EVER for lunch , which I can't complain about . 
New York Anime Festival = AKB48 will be performing = I AM GOING . Who's with me ?! 
is worried about her puppy . :( 
is so tired ! But happy because her puppy had his surgery yesterday and is doing fine today . 
Thanks for the birthday wishes , everyone ! :) 
will be DONE with this boring internship one week from today ! 
The GRE is : a ) a bunch of bullshit , b ) a waste of time , c ) a terrible measurement of academic skills , d ) a pain in the ass , e ) all of the above . 
is comforting < PROPFIRST > , who's terrified of the thunderstorm outside ... at 2 AM . Poor puppy . 
won't be losing brain cells doing nothing at the Research Foundation anymore ... done with work for the summer ! 
RIP crazy Uncle Butch , funeral services tomorrow morning . 
GRE tomorrow . Kill me please . :( 
By some UNHEARD OF twist of fate , I ended up scoring higher on the GRE math section than the verbal section . This officially PROVES that the GRE is utter bullshit . 
is reaaaally getting tired of this heat and rain and yuck . :( 
My feet hurt from walking around and shopping all day ! ( Though I guess that's not a bad thing at all if that's the worst thing I have to complain about right now . If summer could NOT end , that would be nice . ) 
wishes the St. < PROPFIRST > administration would STOP giving her headaches , ugh . Also , anyone who has been asking about the New York Anime Festival schedule/AKB48's appearance date : AKB48 is just getting confirmed by a bunch of news sources as an official guest , so the schedule will be coming in the next few days . 
Procrastinating is my JOB . ( And more info on the NYAF AKB48 appearance : performance will either be on Sept . 26th or the 27th ; most likely the 26th . ) 
loves her schedule . Only one class today ... at nearly 2 PM . 
Enough hours in the day : I do not have them . On the bright side , AKB48 was FINALLY officially announced for the New York Anime Festival , so here's the schedule for everyone who wanted it : Q&A session , autographing , and short concert at the < PROPMALE > Javits Center on Saturday , September 26 , and then a free concert at NYC's Webster Hall on Sunday , September 27th . Who's going ~ ? 
is feeling ... meh . :\\ And I have no idea what I really did to my calf muscles , but they hate me a lot today . Paaaaain . 
hopes next week will be better than this last one . :( At least my calves are feeling a little better . 
seriously wonders sometimes if the universe is honestly TRYING to screw her over . UGHHH . 
is not feeling so great this weekend . :( 
needs a nap of epic proportions ASAP . 
got her train tickets to New York City ! ... I should work on booking the return trip ... eventually . 
has been a mix of super-productive and the laziest person on earth this week . Weird . 
is kind of nervous about tomorrow ! But it'll be interesting , nonetheless . ( And mad that I won't be able to see OBAMA'S SPEECH at HVCC . How random ... HVCC . ) 
is in a bizarrely good mood for being so incredibly ???? this week ... 
Is it next week yet ?! 
The irony : I'm taking a glorified nap of a couple hours , because one of the [ too many ] things I have to do tomorrow is go to a meeting about my research on how college students aren't getting enough sleep . Hooraaaaaaaay , irony ! 
You know you're in a smashingly good mood when you feel the need to use the word smashingly . Going home tomorrow , seeing my puppies again , going to NYC Friday ! 
will be on a train for NYC in a few hours ! Be back Monday morning , text/call the cell if you need me ! :D 
is abso-freaking-lutely exhausted and MAY have caught a cold , but pretty much had the best weekend EVER . Details/pictures/replies to people waiting on them from me/etc . are coming soon , but after waking up after two hours of sleep so I could be interviewed by NHK Terebi at my HOUSE ( WHAT ) early and getting up to SLU after that , I need to EPIC NAP first . <3 
DID catch some kind of cold . Do not want ! D: New York City can take its germs back , please ! 
wishes she could sleep in on Fridays ! No classes , but I do have work for three hours . Boo , Friday mornings . 
is worried that this constant rain will turn into snow soon . It's not time for winter yet ! 
misses city life . ????????????? 
keeps getting confused about what day it is . Too much work . Not enough sleeeeep . D: 
This makes ... four ... par t-t ime jobs . Something has GOT to be wrong with me . Oh , also , is it mid-semester break yet ?! 
has done SO MUCH work over the past few days . Yay for being productive , but I need a break BIG TIME . :( 
is really frustrated today . And it's only ... 3 AM . > ( 
Much-needed mid-semester break tomorrow ? I think so ~ 
finally gets to catch up on sleep ! 
doing no schoolwork/job stuff over the past few days has been BLISS . I need more of these breaks . 
This headache can go away now , please ... :( 
Welcome to Slackerville , population : me . I feel like doing nothiiiiing . 
VERY literally spent THE WHOLE DAY at work . And I get to do it again tomorrow morning ! Please excuse me while I go PASS OUT . 
Will someone please tell me why I'm listening to < PROPMALE > Astley on my OWN FREE WILL ? 
This is why Japan is better than SLU . In Japan , they canceled our finals because of swine flu . At SLU , they cancel Halloween because of swine flu . 
Dear stress : No one likes you . It's time for you to go away now . :( 
wants a ferret ... 
needs about two days of solid sleep , but has too much stuff to do . :( 
Time is moving way too fast and way too slow at once . Not fair . 
is in one of those disgustingly good moods today . 
WHY in the world does the JET Program need three copies of my official transcript , and every other single identifying piece of information about me ? This application is so ???????????... 
is :D today ~ 
Food ? Sleep ? Pssh , who needs ' em . 
can't wait for this week to be overrrr ... 
feels like listening to Christmas carols already ...? 
It's been a year since I've seen snow ... I can't say I missed it much . 
IS IT THE 16TH YET ?! 
stayed up all night and seriously forgot what day it was for a good half hour there . I need a breaaaaaaaak . 
TOO MUCH SNOW . I was laughing yesterday morning when I was rudely awakaned by the sounds of giant snow plows they were using outside my dorm to get a little dusting off the ground ... but today they legitimately needed them ! :( 
Dear SLU : Rock salt . USE IT . 
Dear Canton : Sidewalks . SHOVEL THEM . 
Are you going to Scarborough Fair ? ( And why am I so addicted to listening to old English songs ?! ) 
My Christmas tree fell ... on me ! I don't think I've ever laughed so much while getting attacked ! 
Oh , Disney . What was that ?! 
had Japanese food last night ! Mochi and mango ice cream , yakitori ... how I missed them ! 
Is it May yet ? 
does not enjoy missing half of the 24 premiere . :( 
got an interview invitation from the University of Indianapolis ! 
I haven't even been back up here for a week , and my sleeping schedule is already shot to hell . 
Why are the local North Country commercials so ridiculous this semester ? The teenage tantrum \THIS IS SO STUPID !! \ " one is my personal favorite . " 
is sick , has no medicine , and can't sleep at all . This is ... not awesome . 
got another interview invitation ! This time from Pacific University ! :D ( And also got some medicine , finally ! ) 
got an interview with JET ! :D This is really awesome , but ohgod , I'm going to be so exhausted at the end of February/beginning of March flying around the country for interviews . :P 
Going out into the snow and 1 degree weather while stiiiiill feeling sick because of a very unwelcome fire alarm , and then not being able to go back to sleep isn't exactly how I enjoy spending my nights ... 
-1 . Now it's in the NEGATIVES outisde . I need a break from the North Country ! 
You know what would be awesome right about now ? Some warm chai . Waaaaant . 
I really did intend to take a 45-minute nap . Somehow , that turned into FOUR HOURS . Body , I have too much stuff to do for you to pull stunts like that ! 
This week is almost over , finally , yay ! 
Tiredtiredtired . I think this season makes me sleepy . :( 
If I root for the Colts , do my chances of getting into the University of Indianapolis go up ? :D 
is strangely kind of excited for the challenge of TWO interviews next week ... in two different states ! 
is having a Murphy's Law kind of day ... 
Is it sad that I find the daily opening of the stock market kinda hilarious ? It's such a goofy , awkward little ritual . 
One of these days , I will master the < PROPMALE > of being on time . ... today is not that day . 
Why in the world did they take away the cranberry chicken wrap here ? That was ... the only SLU-specific food I legitimately loved ! 
Okay , agenda -- Tuesday : NYC , Friday : Indianapolis , March 5th : Portland , March 7th : Los < PROPFEMALE > ! And I thought I was on a lot of planes last year . 
JET interview in the morning ! I'll be on a train to NYC in ... a few hours , oops . Hooray , fatigue ! 
NYC + heels + snow + interview = well , you can guess . In deeeesperate need of a nap , but today was fun ! 
just finished packing and needs to leave for the airport in something ridiculous like an hour and a half . I'm really not a fan of having to leave the house before 4 AM for traveling twice in one week ... 
is in Indianapolis . Question : Why do taxi drivers NEVER know where they're going , even when you give them the most specific directions possible ? 
is having fun at Indianapolis ! With a heeeeeefty dose of stress , too . D: But for the most part , fun ! 
A day of traveling woes and airport chaos aside , there's nothing quite like watching the sunrise in the middle of the sky . 
Dear Tuesday , please omit yourself from the days of the week , thanks . Also , dear phone , if you could stop having constant technical issues , that would be great . 
just spent about 12 hours over the past two days locked up doing work in the psych department , not including class time . I am in serious need of a long nap . 
is still buried in work , but it IS ( relatively ) warm outside and will be in Portland on Friday , then Los < PROPFEMALE > on Sunday ! This break can't come soon enough ! 
Okay , brain , can you cut back on the nightmares , please ?! I'd like to have some pleasant dreams every now and then when I go to sleep ! 
is home for a few hours before another ridiculously early flight tomorrow ! ( Yaaay , Portland ! ) 
In GORGEOUS Oregon ( no snow ! It's warm outside ! It looks like spring ! Can I stay forever ?! ) and totally exhausted from traveling since 3 AM ( New York time ! ) , but eating delicious pizza in my giant hotel room is definitely making that better ! 
Having a ridiculous amount of fun in California ( which , by the way , I've pretty much decided that I'm never going to leave ! :D ) 
Back in NY after an INCREDIBLE week . Also , two things : I got accepted into Pacific University's doctoral program ! And beware the Ritzkrieg ! 
About a month and a half more until I'm free from SLU ! 
Oh , Girl Scout Cookies , why are you so addicting ?! 
Senioritis is a serious , serious problem ... 
In one of those insanely good moods ! This may be partly influenced by the fact that I have not slept in ... about 34 hours now . 
Why is it that March always seems to drag on for so looooong ? 
I kindasorta desperately need a new phone . 
Yaaaaay , i's finally April ( and it feels like July outside) ! But ... can it be May now , thanks ? 
New on my list of things I don't like : not having a cell phone ! For the record , I'm currently phone-less for a day or two , so if you sent a text or tried calling , I didn't get it . But I will have a new , shiny phone soon , yay ! 
On my list of things I DO like : morning classes getting cancelled and having an awesome new phone ! 
Okay , it's now 100% official ! I will be attending Pacific University for my PsyD starting in the summer ! :) 
Can someone please tell me ... why they're cutting the grass outside my window with THE loudest mower in the world ... at 8 in the morning ?! 
I told you guys Iceland was badass . 
hates tendonitis ! A whole lot ! > ( 
???????... 
Who just totally put together her FOS poster in one night ? I did . This calls for a victory dance . 
Total sleep Sunday night : none . Monday night : 2 hours . Tuesday night : 1.5 hours . My body officially hates me right now . 
is DONE with the Festival of Science , AKA the don't-stop-talking-about-your-project-for-a-solid-hour-and-a-half fest . FINALLY . 
Last week of SLU classes EVER ! :D 
WHY IS IT SNOWING OUTSIDE ?! Also just finished up THE most atrocious creation of my four years of college . I've never seen an uglier poster . Hello again , senioritis ! 
40 minutes late to class ... hey , so what ?! At least I showed up ! :P 
Last class EVER at SLU = finished ! 
Wait a minute , it's already May 3rd ?! DO LIKE ! 
My laziness level over the past few days : unprecedented . 
Two finals on a Friday ? Now that's just cruel . >:( 
I have a Starbucks craving like no other . :( 
Graduation in two days , California in five ... um , I think that calls for a YAY ! :D 
I'm pretty sure I just qualified for the gold medal in last-minute packing . JUST finished and my flight to California leaves in two and a half hours ! :D 
After missing my first flight out of California and staying a little longer than expected , I'm back in New York and starting work in the morning . Sad face on both accounts . :( 
Why is looking for an apartment so complicateeeeed ? 
One of my coworkers at the RF ( AKA : Excel spreadsheet/numbers people city ) just referenced the MBTI . Consider my mind blown . 
Força Portugal !! 
This is me being majorly jealous of everyone that's going to the AKB48 concert in LA today . Do me a favor and scream for Sayaka until you lose your voice ! 
I need to stop watching the Travel Channel . I want to go to Cornwall now ! 
Later , New York . It's been fun . 
In Portland ! I'm kind of in love with my new neighborhood , and my apartment is pretty damn swank . 
? I can bet you can bet on me so , gamble love ~ 
It was going to be 97 degrees in Portland today , so what did I do ? The most logical thing -- I went to Washington and hiked up the side of a volcano in heels and a skirt . 
Dear Portlanders , it's 68 degrees outside , why are you wearing your winter coats ? 
Crayfish or crawfish ? 
Is anybody looking to buy a Japanese Wii ? Let me know , I have a friend who's looking to sell hers , and I can get you in contact ~ ! 
Dear giant two-day long headache of doom : don't you think it's time to leave me alone ? You're making it difficult to function like a normal human being . Unless normal human beings routinely turn off the lights and curl up under a blanket on the sofa for two days . 
Starbucks Salted Caramel Hot Chocolate , where have you been all my life ? 
Downtown Portland is creepy . Both kinds . The good kind of creepy : Getting ambushed by zombies outside of a mall . The bad kind of creepy : Getting lost and accidentally wandering into a homeless park at night . I'm pleased to report that my brain is still intact ( this was a concern of mine for BOTH situations . ) 
????????? ?????????? ? 
Free in-flight wi-fi ? Alaska Airlines , you're even more awesome . 
California and Oregon this week , New York next week . Traveling can be such a hassle , but I have to admit it's my raison d'être . 
?????????? beginner . 
I just attempted to turn off the vacuum cleaner by hitting the light switch . Okay , brain . You win . I'll finally go to sleep . 
2/3 applications done ! :) 
Flying to < PROPMALE > ... then < PROPMALE > ... THEN Portland . Really not looking forward to that rain again . Or classes . 
???????? 
I got a new cell phone charm today . Finally admitting that I may have a problem . ( Hey , at least I never lose my phone ! ^^ ; ) 
Successfully made it out of my potentially sketchy IPC volunteer project alive . 
Today , an old lady stopped me to tell me that I reminded her of a \little Welsh doll . \ " ... am still trying to determine whether or not that's a good thing . " 
Today has been full of ALL kinds of awesome : I got an INTERVIEW invite (!!!!!!) , got a stolen package replaced for free , and ... the real kicker -- the company that replaced that package sent me a free gift along with it ... and it's a new cell phone charm . See , this was not volitional ! These things just find their way onto my cell phone , it's not my fault ! 
Dear stomach , I know you're hungry , but can you please stop making such a racket in the middle of Assessment ? Of all my classes , you had to make your presence known in the quietest , of course . You're really not achieving anything by being such an irascible organ . Thanks . 
Heyyy cohort , question for you : what time is Dr. Munoz's Intervention II class on Tuesday , and where is it ? I'll be class crashing next week . Kinda like party crashing , except it's not fun at all . 
Flying over the < PROPFEMALE > Gate Bridge after watching that movie in lab yesterday ... kinda awkward , not gonna lie . But yay , California ! 
Accepted to the University of La Verne ! Cue ecstatic FREAKING OUT here ! 
Made the official decision ! I just sent in my acceptance for admission to the University of La Verne ! 
What did I do to the travel gods to make them smite me like this all the time ? 
My karmic standing with the travel gods has definitely not improved . First , I get a call at 1:00 from United , telling me my flight is canceled and nothing else . I call to rebook it , and they tell me to get on a flight leaving in an hour . I get to the airport , get a < PROPFIRST > down ( I was wearing a dress with no pockets ! ) , that flight ends up canceled , and I get rebooked to a flight TOMORROW . WHY . 
