Had an amazing time last night ... Can't wait to see what 2010 has in store !!! 

BC my girl likes OSU ... WooHoo they won the < PROPFEMALE > Bowl ... Go Bucks ! 
OMG the ignitor to the heater is out !!! What the hell ?!! Its already 59 in here !!! 
Working on getting this set up and then heading to work ! WooHoo 
Sick of working with bitches that don't have any work ethics !!! 
Gotta start to get ready for work ... but damn these apps are addicting !!! 
OK I have got to go get a shower ... They should make waterproof laptops ! 
Aight I have pulled myself out of the grips of my computer and into the grip of my cell ... HELP :-) 
Today should be interesting ... We have a staff meeting and I have a lot I wanna say to the lazy bitches I work with ... 
At home ... Don't want to deal with the rest of this week ... Hope everyone has a good Thanksgiving ... I get to spend it at work , away from everyone I love ... Thanks REM ! 
Getting ready to head to bed ... Got the kids tonite ... Ice Age < PROPFEMALE > of the < PROPMALE>'s is so damn cute !!! Work 7-3 Fun Fun ! Nite everyone !!! 
Just got home from work ... I could really use a nap ! 
Just woke up and can't go back to sleep .... Grrrrrr 
Relaxing before I have to go to work ... One day closer to my Friday !!! 
Getting ready to head to work ... 3-11 WooHoo 
Heading to work ... Got more wrapping done ! Waiting on more presents from Ebay !!! 
Getting ready to head to work ... Damn it's so cold out !!! Can't to be on all afternoons !!! 
Getting ready to head to work 
Ready for my two days off !!! 
Over work already and I'm not even there yet ! Gotta love getting phone calls at the ass crack of < PROPFEMALE > about work ! Fuck I don't take my life to work ... Why the hell does it have to follow me home ?!! 
Damn ... I think I am getting sick :(((((( Keep < PROPFEMALE > and her family in your prayers today ! 
Getting ready for work ... Man I am so not looking forward to this 16 hour shift ... But atleast I get Christmas < PROPFEMALE > and Christmas Day off ... 
< PROPFEMALE > X-Mas < PROPFEMALE > Facebook ! I am off to start the X-mas Spirit ... If I don't make it on her tomorrow ... < PROPFEMALE > ryone have a safe and amazing Christmas ! Can't wait to see my peeps in Wheeling on Saturday !!! 
Christmas was amazing ! We got a 32 ' LCD flat screen TV !!! And then Nate and @ < PROPMALE > came home with me and went out to Wooddstarr ! Had an awesome nite ! Now to get back to work mode :-((( 
FUCK FASFA !!!! 
FUCK FAFSA !!! 
OMG I am now a college student again ! This time I am so ready to get it done right ! 
I hate being sick ! I better feel a little better by New Years < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Heading over to < PROPFEMALE>'s house to spend the nite ... Its below 50 in the house lol 
Many I am so sick of this snow ... And the little girls I work with that are scared to drive in it ... Makes me almost miss working at ATT ... LoL ... I said almost ... Going in to work 3 hrs so we can get some dayhab in ... 
Home for the rest of the day ... Don't have to be back to work until 3 tomorrow ! And the best news of the day is I got registered for my classes ... I start Monday !!! 
Getting ready for work ... WooHoo its my FRIDAY !!! 
Getting ready to go to doctors to find out what is wrong with me ... Maybe today will be the day they can give me something to stop this pain !!! 
Relaxin before I have to go to work ... Today is my FRIDAY !!! 
Woke up to breakfast being made ! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH !!! 
Please pray for < PROPFIRST > and her family ... We have just learned that her uncle has a mass on his lung ... He's going in for a biopsy tomorrow morning ! 
Thank you everyone who has been praying for Tracy ... We will find out the results of the biopsy on Wed . Please keep her and her family in your prayers 
is wondering why you fall asleep and cannot stay awake on the couch . But when you decide to call it quits and head to bed . BING ! Wide Awake ! 
What a great weekend !!! Made throough without needing bail money or having any of those messy \hide the body\ " episodes ... " 
Wishes someone would invent a common-sense injection ... I think more than a few people could use one !!! 
It's going to be a great day ... Made it out of the shower without drowning !!! 
Is starting support group meetings at my house for people with OCD . Gloves and cleaning fluids will be handed out at the door :-) 
This music video is the shit !!! I love GaGa !!! http://www.logoonline.com/?popThis=popVideo(492274 ) 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes ... But please keep < PROPFIRST > and her family in your prayers . The lose of her aunt and uncle has been devistating to the family . 
How many of you really know all of the people on your friend list ? Here's a task for you . I want all of the people on my list to post below how they met me . After you have completed this , repost this in your status box . You will be amazed at how interesting this can really be . 
Working on < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s Bachelorette Party plans and then heading to work ! 
Home from work early bc I had to back out of my overtime =(( So Im going to get this house cleaned so I'll be able to relax this weekend ! 
is having one of those days where i just want to light somebodys face on fire and try putting it out with a fork !! 
WooHoo today is my Friday !!! So need a break from all the bullshit ... Its bad when you have more drama at work then you do in your personal life !!! 
Finally over the work week ... Getting laundry put together then getting a shower and going to bed ... Gotta get up early and go shopping 
Finishing up laundry ... then going home to take a nap before I have to pick < PROPFIRST > Handschumaker from work 
Be thankful for the stumbles ... They prevent falls ! 
Watching The Bridges Of < PROPFEMALE > County with my love 
Relaxing before I have to go to work ... Not feeling too hot today 
When I first met you I was afraid to kiss you . When I kissed you I was afraid to love you . When I first loved you I was afraid to lose you . I love you . <3 8 months !!! Can you believe it ?! 
Just made it to Wheeling ... making a surprise visit to see < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Going to work ... But today is a good day ... PAYDAY !!! Oh wait there are bills to pay ... NEVERMIND 
OMG I love Just Dance !!! Woohoo I got the best workout today ! 
30 mins left then I get to go home and do another round of Just Dance !!! 
Sick of having pulled muscles in my chest !!! How the hell are they supposed to feel any better when I have to breath ?!?! 
Getting ready for another day of work ... 
So F'n excited ... If everything goes right I have Sunday and Monday off !!!! 
Home from work ... Kitchen cleaned ... Cupcakes baked ... Good nite ! 
LMAO ... You know you are a light-weight when you take a xanax to help you fall asleep and you wake up eating a candle thinking its ice cream !!! 
Watchin Boys Don't Cry and then heading to Woodstarr ... Hopefully I get drunk and have a good time ... Wish < PROPFIRST > was coming !!! 
I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > AND TO THE REPUBLIC FOR WHICH IT STANDS ONE NATION UNDER GOD , INDIVISIBLE , WITH < PROPFEMALE > AND JUSTICE FOR ALL . NOW ... LET'S SEE HOW MANY < PROPFEMALE > NS WILL REPOST THIS OUT OF RESPECT FOR OUR COUNTRY ... AND OUR VETERANS ON THIS MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND . 
Getting ready to head to Wheeling !!! Can't wait to see everyone !!! And of course get my drunk on !!! 
Had a great time last nite at Cathy's ... It was so great to see everyone and some of the old group from AT&T . 
Nite ... gotta get up early and take < PROPFEMALE > to the vet to get fixed !!! So f'in excited !!!!! 
On my way to Wheeling ... I hate packing !!! 
Getting ready to head to work ... Reminder to all the girls I left Pure Romance open for the next 4 days so get ahold of me so I can place your order ! Oh yeah !!!! I am going to be a consultant !!!! Can't wait to get started !!! 
At work 1 hour left ... so tired ready to go home and go to bed 
So where are all the \Save the Gulf\ " concerts ?? Where are the TV \ 
Ready for bed ... Need to do dishes but they can wait til tomorrow ... Goodnite FB 
Layin in bed waitin for < PROPFIRST > to get home from work so we can snuggle and go to bed 
OMG I just had some kid walk up into my house and tell me someone lived here and it was ok because he was friends with them ... WTF ?! 
2 1/2 til my weekend ... Come on I can almost taste ya !!! 
Just talked to the neighbors and they said the guy that busted through my door wasn't someone they reconized ... I think I will be calling the cops in the morning 
I forgot how quick it was to do laundry at the laundry mat ... 4 loads in a little over an hour ... Now on to cleaning the house !!! 
At work ... tryin not to lose my head ! 
I think my sister and future brother-in-law have learned some important lessons these past few weekends lol 
Had a fun time at Woodstarr with < PROPMALE > and Colin ... now its time for bed ... I'm beat ! 
Three more days and my little sister is getting married ... Damn do I feel old as hell ! 
Laundry then heading to Wheeling !!! 
OMG today is the day my little sister gets married !!! < PROPFIRST > and Jer I love you both so much and I know today is going to be AMAZING !!!! 
Congrats < PROPFIRST > and Jerimiah !!! Your wedding was beautiful and I hope you guys are having a great time in Mexico 
Home from working ... Gotta get some sleep ... Staff meeting in the morning then I have to go to < PROPFEMALE > and pick up a birthday cake and then work 3-11 woohoo ... Nite everyone ! 
Getting ready and then heading to lunch with Mom , Gram , and < PROPFIRST > Handschumaker . Then gotta get laundry and house work done ! 
Heading to < PROPFIRST>'s Family Reunion and then work 3-11 ... Man is it going to be a long day !!! 
has been looking forward to this all day , snuggling up to something warm and cozy and not letting you go til the morning ! I love you ! 
OMG ! Went outside for a cigarette and had a childhood flaskback !!! Its almost spotlight time LOL 
Why do people say they want to sleep like a baby when babies never sleep thru the night ? I wanna sleep like an old man in a Southern Baptist Church on Sunday ! 
So the power is out in the small town of St Marys ... wtf its < PROPFEMALE > and not a cloud in the sky !!! 
Trying to get motivated ... Gotta go get < PROPFEMALE > her meds , do laundry , clean out the car and straighten up the house ... Just the way I wanted to spend my day off ..... 
Getting ready and then heading to Wheeling for the day to go swimming ... And then making it home in time for the Newport fireworks !!! 
Made it home ... Tracy and I got a lot of sun ... LoL ... Her thighs look like lobsters ... Now waiting on the fireworks 
I hope everyone and a fun and safe 4th ! Getting ready to head to bed so over today and all the bs that was in it ... Going to wake up tomorrow and start a new day 
Nite everyone ... *~* KISSES AND HUGS *~* 
Only 11 hrs left lol hope they go by as fast as this morning did !!! 
Come on 11 ... Over having to deal with other people bad work ethics ! 
Getting ready for another day of work ... Maybe this time it will be better than the last 
Today is a new day 
Who knew chocolate covered strawberries and a good friend to talk to could make everything seem worth while !!! THANK YOU ! 
Getting ready to head to bed soon ... Getting up early tomorrow so I can spend the day in Wheeling with family and some close friends 
Can't sleep ... Not looking forward to this week ... Please let it go by quick 
After I very long night I have refused to let people and their selfish ways tear me down . I do care 100% about the lives I hold in my hands and I will not let you tell me different . If this offends you or you think you know what I am talking about then you have guessed right ! I will not walk away and I will overcome the petty bull of this situation !!! 
Getting ready for work ... I hope everyone has an amazing day because you all deserve it =] 
WooHoo only 2 more days then off for 2 ! Heading to work ... 3-11 
Woohoo today in my Friday ... 6 hrs left !!! 
WooHoo I beat the Trojan all by myself !!! 
Hangin at < PROPFEMALE > Handschumaker-Bland and then heading home and cleaning ... Did I forget to say we are in a heat advisory down here !!! 
Yet another night of mind racing ... Just praying for an hour without f'd up dreams 
VID 00000-20100619- 1157.3 GP 
So I am supposed to do laundry today ... But laying around the house and waking up tomorrow morning and doing laundry sounds so much better !!! 
Wish heaven had a phone so that I could hear your voice again .. I thought of\ 
you today , yesterday & days before that too , but that is nothing new . \ 
I think of you in silence , I often speak of you , hoping that you can\ 
hear me when I call your name . All I have are memories & some pictures in a frame . Post this if you have someone in heaven \ 
that you miss . 
At < PROPFEMALE > Handschumaker-Bland fixing her AT&T < PROPMALE > and then heading home to clean ... WooHoo LoL 
It has been an amazing and crazy year ! And < PROPFEMALE > not a day has gone by that I haven't thought about you . You are always on my mind and forever in my heart ! I love you and miss you so much ! <3 
The Lesbian Festival was AMAZING !!! I can't wait to go back next year ! Oh yeah and I am now engaged ! Nothing could have made the weekend better ... Well except for the cold ... Thanks to work ... 
Still sick ... Going to spend my last day off in bed !!! 
So ready for this sickness to go away !!! 
WooHoo ... Made it through my short work week ... Now time to relax and get over this cold ... Heading to Wheeling on Saturday for our tattoos ... SO EXCITED !!! 
At < PROPMALE>'s waitin for < PROPFIRST > to get done with her tattoo so I can get mine !!! So ready to feel the pulse of ink in my viens ! 
30 mins left then time to go home and wait for < PROPFIRST > to get home ... She's working til 1 =[[[ 
Shower then work ... 11 Please come fast !!! 
OMG ... Got stuck pulling a double ... 2 more hours ! My eyes are so f'n heavy right now !!! 
Nite everyone ... Gotta get up in the morning and do laundry then get my ring sized ... And then make it home in time for the football game . Woohoo ! lol 
Just got done watching < PROPFEMALE > Free ... AMAZING movie ! But be prepared to cry the whole way through ! 
Bored on a midnight shift ... text or call to help me stay awake !!! 
< PROPFIRST > Lohan , 24 , is all over the news because she's a celebrity drug addict . While < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley , 29 , < PROPFIRST > Weikert , 29 , Justus Bartett , 27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 26 , < PROPFIRST > Johnson , 21 , < PROPMALE > Fisher , 24 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 23 , < PROPFIRST > Goeke , 23 , and < PROPMALE > Tate , 27 are all Marines that ... gave their lives this week , no media mention . Honor THEM by reposting ! 
At work til 7a and then coming back and working 3-11 the off for 3 days !!! Can't wait ! 
15mins left ... then going home and sleepinf for a few and then coming back in at 3 . 
Please pray for the family's of the boys who have commited suicide because in the year 2010 people are still cruel and closed minded . WE ARE HERE AND WE ARE QUEER !!! And that will not go away or change ! 
Tonight at 8pm est a National Moment Of Silence will be held for the bullying victims . Please participate ... These families need our support . We must come together as a community in this time of crisis and show how strong we all are !!! 
I am asking all of my homosexual and heterosexual friends to stand up and say NO to bullying . We have lost so many lifes already . Five recently ... But many in the past from it as well . We need to stop the hate before it consumes us all . 
I like it on the coffee table 
is a lesbian and National Coming Out Day is tomorrow . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and almost 90% of LGBT youth experience harassment in school , and too many lives have been lost . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://apps.facebook.com/humanrightscampaign/ncod10_status.php?rid=89879&rsource=stream . 
is a lesbian and today is National Coming Out Day . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and almost 90% of LGBT youth experience harassment in school , and too many lives have been lost . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://apps.facebook.com/humanrightscampaign/ncod10_status.php?rid=89879&rsource=stream . 
Laundry then spending the day with my family at my sisters place ! Can't wait to see everyone ! I've missed them so much !!! 
Me : Oh look a leaf bug ! \ 
Cayla : No ... its a kay-diddy \ 
Me : What's a kay-diddy\ 
Cayla : A leaf bug ................ 
Headin to a Halloween Party ... Ready to get my drink on !!! 
Happy Halloween !!! 
Missing my brother from another mother ... something fierce right now ! 
At work .... 4 1/2 hrs left ... but today is my FRIDAY !!! 
So pissed right now !!! We aren't suppsed to be allowed to work 16 hr shift ... but I guess when it's convenant for them they try ... I say screw them ... So f'n over REM 
Today is Verterans Day ! Nate I love you ! Come home safe and soon !!! 
Having one of those days ... Retreating to my bed 
Heading to bed ... Staff meeting in the morning and then work 3-11 ... But on the bright side ... ITS PAYDAY !!! 
Awake ... if this meeting goes like the others I'm going to flip s *** ... Its too early to listen to negativity !!! 
Just got home from work ... Going to relax and wait for my baby to come home ... She's working til 1 :( 
st got off skype with my brother from another mother ... It was so good to hear his voice and see him and know he's safe ... He can't come home soon enough !!! 
Sick as hell ... Making plenty of donations to the porcelian Gods !!! 
Watching the Wheeling Christmas Parade ... Getting kinda home sick 
On\ 
Sunday , December 5th , Grand Central Mall is opening from 8 am-10 am\ 
only for parents of children with Autism or Aspergers to come see\ 
< PROPFEMALE > . The lights will be dimmed and there will not be any music\ 
playing . They are referring to it as Sensitive < PROPFEMALE > . Please help get\ 
......... the word out . This is an amazing thing they are doing and I would love to\ 
see a good turn out so that they continue ! 
Getting ready and then running to Parkersburg to go shopping and then laundry ... And later tonight we have < PROPFIRST>'s nieces basketball game 
Heading to bed ... Hope to have another amazing dream ... Forever in my heart ! 
Heading to work ... 3 more days ... Then spending the weekend in Wheeling with my family and < PROPFIRST > . 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone !!! Hope everyone has a safe and fun day ... I'll be having my Thanksgiving on Friday with the family ... Can't wait to see everyone ... I miss you all so much 
Getting ready and the heading to work 3-11 ... It was sooo nice to see all of my family ! I love and miss you guys already ! 
At work by myself .... LONG NIGHT !!! 
Call Mrs. Flintstone ... I can make your bed rock 
Getting ready and then heading to work ... I hope tonite goes by quick ... I have so much to do when I get home !!! 
26 Days til Christmas ... And 8 months til the beach ... SO READY FOR A DAMN VACATION IT'S NOT EVEN FUNNY !!! 
2 seconds From punching someone in the face ... And it lookes like my trailer park trash neighbors are high up on that list ! Can't wait to get out of St. < PROPFIRST>'s!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
LMFAO ... 2 years later and I found out who the hater was ... You are ridiculous ! 
Love being out of Wheeling ... Miss my family and a few people I can call friends ... So glad to be out of the \Wheeling Feeling\ " Bullshit ... Nite FB " 
Getting Ready and then doing some Christmas shopping and going to lunch with Tracy ... Feeling a little lost since I was home by myself last night ... I love you Tracy ... See you in a few 
Did some Christmas shopping today ... I vow to all of you I WILL NOT go to Wal-mart until after Christmas !!! Wal-mart shoppers are so rude !!! 
Busy morning ... Got < PROPMALE > Sumpter package sent , laundry done ... Now to start packing ... 
Please ? put ? this ? as ? your ? status ? for ? one ? hour ? if ? you ? or ? someone ? you ? know ? has ? or ? had ? cancer . ? My ? prayer ? is ? that ? we ? will ? cure ? all ? cancers ? in ? 2011 . ? Will ? you ? post ? it ? for ? just ? one ? hour ? ? Do it for all of us 
Watchin TruTV ... Can't sleep ... Too much on my mind 
OMG The rodes are HORRIBLE !!!!! I hate my car !!! I want my Ford back ... And I never thought I would say that ! 
Getting ready to head to work ... The ROADS look better today lol 
THE # GAME !! ** Send me a # ( 1-500 ) to my inbox and I'll tell u what i really think of u with out any1 knowing who im talking about on my status . 
#263 You were a huge part of my childhood ... Always looking after all of us and making sure we got along ... Even when kids came after us with a hatchet ... LoL ... Tell me you remember that 
LoL #499 ... I haven't seen you forever and that makes me sad ... You are always the life of the party ... I miss the days when I got to see you all the time and listen to you sing 
#179 I miss you ... We need to get together soon ! You always kept a smile on my face !!! 
Made it to Morgantown last nite ... will be here a few days for work ... please keep my client on your prayers ... she built up a toxic in her body from meds 
So it's sounding like I'm going to be here for a few more days ... thanks everyone for the prayer please keep them coming for her ... hope to get some clothes tomorrow so I don't have to keep washing mine in the sink lol 
Might be coming home tomorrow !!!!! Please pray ! 
On our way home ..... Thank you everyone for the prayers !!! 
HOME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Getting ready to watch the \moon shine\ " :) " 
OMG So sick ... But gotta go to work ... Let it go as smooth as possible ! 
Right now there is a Correctional Officer at work in a world full of psychos , sickos and sociopaths . They are often outnumbered 200-1 . They are often assaulted , humiliated and are exposed to disease . They endure this all to keep the bad guys behind bars and off our streets .... lets not forget CO's . If you are a CO , were a CO , know a CO or love a CO please repost 
Heading to work ... Dear Tylenol please work your magic today ... THANKS 
OMG ... Still sick ... So over it ... Now I have a killer headache with it ... Should be an EXTRA long day at work 
Well I'm going to try and get to work ... WooHoo ... And I have stops I have to make before I get there ... THANKS WORK 
So < PROPFEMALE > ( my cat ) is having seizure after seizure ... She's at the vet ... They gave her valium and are trying to get her back under control ... Packing and trying not to think about it 
Well < PROPFEMALE > has had 2 seizures since shes been at the vet ... They are saying they don't know much yet but are going to keep her over night to monitor and try and get her to come out of them ... Please Pray 
And the moving process begins !!! 
40 mins left on my 16 and then I get to go home and turn around and come back at 3 ... I LOVE my job ... I LOVE my job ... I LOVE my job ... damn still hard to believe ... but I will LOVE THE PAYCHECK !!! 
Hope everyone had a great Christmas !!! Not ready to go back to work ... But had a great break from there and going in fresh tomorrow ! So glad I was able to see family and friends !!! 
2nd double in a row ... enjoying the overtime ... but damn this girl is tired !!! Going home to get some sleep so I can get my drink on tonite ! I see a < PROPFEMALE > shining in my future !!! 
Happy New Year everyone !!! Be safe and have fun !!! 
At work sick as hell !!! Ready to go home ! 
It's not the fall that kills you ... It's the sudden stop 
1 ... 2 ... 3 ... 4 ... 5 ... F *** it ... Counting stopped working a long time ago ! I need a vacation !!!!!!!!!! 
Heading to bed soon ... Getting up early to see what road I'm going to take ... Night FB ! 
Remember in the end everything will be ok ... And if it's not then it's not the end 
BLAH ... Can't sleep !!! 
So ready to go home ... 4 hrs and 45 mins left ... COME ON 11 !!! 
BGC @ 9 .... WOOHOO !!! 
Go figure ... Stuck at work til 7a ... 
Waiting on < PROPFIRST > to come out for lunch ... brought Chinese for dinner for her since REM gave me the night off :)))))) 
The last idol tonight brought tears to my eyes and his story made me cry like a baby ! 
Gave < PROPFEMALE > a bath ... I'm soaked ... she's soaked ... And she has learned to give the \evil eye\ " ... My mission is complete !!! " 
Done at 11 then walmarting it up with my love ! 
I have curves , so I'm fat . If I wear makeup , I'm fake . If I like to get dressed up , I'm a hoochie . If I say what I think , I'm a bitch . If I cry sometimes , I'm a drama < PROPFEMALE > . If I have guy friends , I'm a slut . If I stand up for myself , I'm mouthy . Seems like you can't do anything now a days without being labeled .. So what , go ahead and label me , see if I give a shit . Repost this if you're proud of who you are !!! 
Getting ready then picking < PROPFIRST > Handschumaker up and going out for a little bit with some friends !!! 
2 1/2 hours in a salon ... New cut and color ... What more could a girl want ?!?! 
Sugar Dazzle Hooter 
Had an amazing weekend with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > !!! I can't wait to do it again !!! I LOVE PJ !!!!!! 
Oh my ... At work ... 6 1/2 hours left ... I think I can ... I think I can ... I think I can 
BGC !!!!!!! 
Over today ! Ready for bed ... need these thoughts to leave me alone !!!!!!!!! 
Soooooooooooooooo ready to go home ... 5 hours and 15 mins left ............. PLEASE GO BY FAST !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
My prayers are with the people of Japan ... They just went through a 8.9 earthquake and now our west coast if facing a tsunami ... 
Praying for my brother to make a safe trip to Turkey ... And prayin for my brother from another mother to make a safe trip home to the states !!! 
Had an amazing day ! Can't wait til tomorrow ... I get to feel ink in my veins !!! 
< PROPFIRST > got her tattoo and headed to work ... Nowwatchin Nate get his and then it's my turn ....... SO READY FOR THE INK !!! 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes !!! 
Watchin the OSU game with < PROPFIRST > . Waiting for it to be over .... then maybe we can watch a movie 
Today starts a new chapter in my life ... I am going to miss everyone so much !!! But I know that this chapter needed to happen ... Itsdefinetly a bittersweet day !!! 
At the doctors waiting to get my CAT scan done ... WooHoo !!! 
Hour left ... WooHoo ... Secondday down ... Lovin this new chapter ! 
Come on 15 mins !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! j 
Wow ... Just looked at the clock and it's already 7 !!! Time flies when you have a job you love !!! 
