Rain rain go away !!! 

Hooray ! This week is finally over . Next week can only be better ! 
Is it Tues yet ? I am over Monday . 
Going to the Miners game tonight . Hope it's a good one . 
Hooray ! I passed the glucose test ! No special diet . 
I'm exhausted ! The big 16th b-day party is over and luckily not too much clean up is left . 
I am so ready for the weekend ! 
Happy New Year ! 
< PROPFIRST > and I went to see Tangled today . It was a really cute movie . Girl day was fun . 
I loved a spoon on your car because I'm NOT crazy ! 
Thanks for all the birthday greetings ! 
Hmmm .... isn't it great when someone deletes part of your excel files ? At least it is Friday ! 
Ugh ! Monday is really loooong !!! 
Date night with my hubby tonight ! Yay ! 
IN MEMORY of all babies born sleeping or whom we have carried , but never met or held in our arms . Make this your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby . The majority won't do it , because unlike cancer , baby loss is still a taboo subject . Break the silence , In Memory of all Angel Babies , gone too soon , but never forgotten . 
is tired ! 
Happy Easter everyone ! Went to a really great church service today . 
Finally Cardinals baseball is back !!! Opening Day Go Cards ! 
One at bat and one home run ! 
Grand slam Yadi !!!!! Woo hoo ! What on opening day . 
Had a great day getting a mud wrap at the spa with < PROPFEMALE > . Then lunch at Red Lobster and shopping at Target without kids . What a great day ! Thanks < PROPFIRST > ! 
Go Cards !! 
The Cardinals game is ridiculous !!! Cmon Cards ! 
Had a nice time at my niece's first communion and the party after . It was my first first communion . < PROPFIRST > knows how to throw a party . If you leave hungry , it's your own fault ! 
Nate had his 6 month checkup . 4 shots again . But worst of all he had to get blood taken at the lab . It was horrible !!! I almost cried . :( 
So ready for the weekend ! 
Cmon Cards !! 
Here come the Cards !!! 
Is tired . Please let Nate sleep well tonight ! 
So glad tomorrow's Friday ! It has been a long sleep deprived week . 
Thinks it would have been less work to be at work today ! 
Woo hoo !! Way to go Yadi ! Let's go Carrdinals . 
Is happy to have electricity today ! :-) 
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there ! I was blessed to have a great Mom . Going to enjoy my first one . 
Had a great Mother's Day ! Got a candle and picture , necklace , from < PROPFIRST > . Got a dozen roses , necklace , And dvd's . Lunch with my mom and sister and families . Then went to Mom and Dads to < PROPFEMALE > out . 
A sick baby and Monday . Not a good combo . 
Only two more day , Only two more days ....... 
So glad it is finally Friday ! Went to part of the < PROPFEMALE > Dairy field trip with < PROPFIRST > . The baby cows were cute and the big cows were stinky ! 
Caught Nate's cold . :-( 
I got beautiful flowers from my hubby today ! Happy Anniversary baby , I love you <3 ! 
Finally home and the kids are asleep . Had a great time at our niece < PROPFEMALE>'s bday party . The ride home not so much . A crying baby makes the drive seem so much longer . 
Wishes my head would stop hurting or go ahead and explode ! 
Go away rain or I'm going to miss Idol ! 
Nate went to his first parade today and then we went to a birthday party . Later rides at the HerrinFest . Busy but fun day ! 
Wow we can hear the HerrinFest band in our living room over the TV . 
Thanks to all who have served !! Your sacrifice makes it possible for us to feel safe . 
Does anyone need a vanity ? Free to a good home . 
Only 2 more days until my 4 day weekend !!! 
Starting my 4 day weekend and snuggling with my little man ! Is there anything better than that ? 
Court today . Pray they do what is best . 
Having our family birthday party today . It will be a fun day . 
So glad it's finally FRIDAY !! 
Happy Father's Day ! I was blessed to have a great Dad and a great Dad for my kids 
Headache headache go away ! 
Nate said \ < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE >\" . Yay ! " 
one more day until my 4 day weekend !!! 
Off to the lake for swimming , food & fireworks ! Should be fun . 
Happy 4th everyone ! Remember the men and women who aren't home today because they are protecting our freedom . Have a great and safe day . 
Anyone know if Herrin's fireworks were last night or tonight ? 
Just got back from Herrin fireworks . Pretty good show ! 
Wow is it < PROPFEMALE > vu for the Cardinals or what ! Go bullpen ! 
Hoping for a relaxing weekend ! Family pic tomorrow ! 
Got Nate's 9 mo picture and family picture done . It wasn't easy . Nate was quite grumpy for pictures today . Amazingly she got something worth buying . 
Let's go National League ! 
Finally , National League wins ! 
TGIF ! Enough said 
My baby will be 9 mo on Wed . Went to the Dr today . 30 inches long and 20 lbs 14 oz . 
Yay ! Internet is back . We had no Internet yesterday ! Such a bummer . :) 
Nothing like a little victory over the Cubs on Sunday night baseball to end the weekend ! 
Tomorrow's my Friday ! Yay ! :) 
First soccer game . It went as well as expected when dealing with 4 & 5 year olds . 
It is so hot in our office today ! Can't wait to go home to cool off ! 
Let's go Cards ! Sweep the Reds ! 
Woo hoo ! Cards got the sweep . #1 again . 
So glad it's Friday ! It has been an emotionally draining week . 
Monday so soon ! \ 
I am so tired today . But , at least it is half over ! 
Had a great time with my Dad at the Cardinals game today even thought they lost . :( At least they made it interesting at the end . 
Watched < PROPMALE > play in the band tonight . Then we stayed for the balloon glow . The kids loved it ! 
Migraine !! 
Ouch ! Holliday takes one in the hand . Hope he's OK . That's all we need ! 
Now Pujols thinks he is spiderman and is possibly hurt ! Good grief , it is the Nationals for heavens sake ! 
Is increasingly frustrated with the Cardinals !! Postseason is becoming less likely by the day . :( 
Had a great day at the DuQuoin Fair today . The kids are exhausted but < PROPFIRST > had a blast riding rides . < PROPMALE > collected anything they were giving away free and Nate just took it all in . Fried Snickers and Italian ices to finish off the day . Yum ! 
Rainy days and Mondays really get me down . Wow double whammy ! 
Hmmmm ..... The Cardinals lose . 
Going to the zoo today ! Looks like great weather for it ! 
Had a great day at the zoo ! Beautiful weather and fun with family . 
Ahhh .... Watching a little Cardinal baseball and relaxing ! Glad it's the weekend 
Let's go Cardinals ! Clap clap . Clap clap clap 
One of my best friends got good health news today and then we got to have a kid free dinner . It was a good day . Thank you God for answered prayers . 
is in mother bear mode today . Don't mess with my kids ! 
Got my hair done . So much better . 
Having lunch at Panera with my hubby . 
Glad it is Friday ! Headed to St. < PROPFIRST > tonight and then on to Springfield MO tomorrow for our niece's 1st birthday . Praying for peaceful travels . 
Ever have a baby get so worked up they puked . That was our trip . Not peaceful . :( 
Had a good time celebrating < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday . Relaxing at the hotel . Thanks for the wine < PROPFIRST > ! 
Flnally home from Springfield . Had a great weekend but everyone is happy to be out of the car ! 
So Nate and I were attacking < PROPFIRST > and nate threw up on < PROPFIRST > . It was very funny . Although < PROPFIRST > didn't think so but Nate did . 
I broke up with Oreos last week and I am really missing them . :( We might get back together this weekend . 
Had a good time at the Poshard Foundation Auction tonight ! This is a truly great organization . They help abused kids all over So IL . 
Postseason no hitter . Goosebumps ! 
Breaking news from < PROPFEMALE > Jo ...... Nate took a record 14 steps today ! woo hoo ! Go Nater Gater ! 
Great start to the weekend . Got a flat tire when we were pulling into < PROPFIRST>'s school . :( 
Had a good time at < PROPFEMALE>'s second birthday party today . 
My baby is going to be one in only TEN days . I can't believe it ! Excited but sad . :( 
Well we had quite the adventure getting the kids their flu shots today . Three places later we found one for < PROPFIRST>'s age group . People < PROPMALE > away could hear her screaming . Nate did pretty well with it . And I had an impromtu ingrown toenail removed and my toe is still numb ! Crazy day ! 
All the miners made it up . It is so amazing ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s at work . Kids are asleep . Now I have a date with some Oreos and Cake Boss ! 
So glad it is Friday ! Have had a really really really stressful day involving a < PROPMALE > reporting deadline . Can't wait for the weekend ! 
A full day of Fort Massac . A great time was had by all . < PROPFIRST > is an indian < PROPFEMALE > . Got to see my aunt , uncle , < PROPMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > . And Nate took a record 20 steps ! 
Let's go Rangers !!! 
Ugh ! Yankees live to see another day ! Oh well Rangers can win at home . 
This time last year I was in labor ! 
One year ago today , God blessed us with our miracle boy < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > . We love you ! 
Nate says thanks for all the birthday wishes ! 
Tomorrow is the big 1st birthday party ! I'm excited ! Here's hoping the birthday boy is in a good mood tomorrow . 
Let's go Rangers ! Clap clap clap clap 
The Yanks are afraid of Hamilton . 
Woo hoo !!! Rangers are headed to the World Series ! 
Getting ready for the birthday party ! It going to be a good day ! 
Nate had a great birthday party today ! Thanks everyone for coming . He had fun so it was a great time for Mommy too . 
Let's go Rangers ! 
Court today . Pray that the powers that be make the right decisions . 
Well nothing changed at court today . :-( 
Go Rangers ! 
Calgon ..... 
Kids had a great time trick or treating . Next up Centralia parade tomorrow and trunk or treat Sunday ! 
Back from theCentralia Halloween parade . < PROPFIRST > got alot of loot . Nate stayed with Mawmaw and pawpaw since he has a cold . 
Happy Halloween !! 
Awww ..... The final round of trick or treating is done . Plus , we threw in some pony rides at < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday party . We are all pooped . Time to raid the < PROPFEMALE > bags ! ;-) 
Want to wish my Mom a Happy Birthday(I won't say which one ) . She is awesome ! 
Mmmm ..... nothing like being puked on to make Monday even better . 
Let's go Molina !!! 
Boo ! Not happy about World Series outcome . :( 
Don't forget to vote ! 
Come on daylight savings . I need light when I wake up . 
Yay ! Friday tomorrow . 
Had a good time visiting our in-laws this weekend . My sister in law and I got jipped by our uninformed Toys R Us cashier :-( But got some Christmas shopping done . Had a yummy dinner at Wurstmart . We finally made it home sweet home . 
Nate stood on the big boy scale today . He weighs 25 lbs . and is 31.5 inches tall 
Snuggling with my boy ! 
Happy Veteran's Day ! Thanks to those who have served and those currently serving to keep us safe & free . 
Had Nate's pictures taken today . What a circus ! He didn't want to cooperate at all . We were able to get some cute ones . 
Enjoying a date night with hubby ! Thanks Mom and Dad ! 
Got some more Christmas shopping done today . I am almost done ! 
Ahh ! One week off . So happy . :) 
Yay ! Internet is back ! 
Had a good lunch at < PROPFIRST>'s preschool today . Trying to get the house ready for tomorrow . Argh ! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! God has blessed me with a great husband , great kids , & wonderful friends & family . So thankful today for those and all of my other blessings . 
Going to Cracker Barrel this morning . Hopefully it won't be as crazy as Toys R Us and Walmart last night . 
Going to get the Christmas tree today ! Can't wait ! 
Had a nice visit with the Schultheis side of the family . A 
Potato soup for supper ! Yummy ! 
At home with a sick kiddo . < PROPFIRST > has a 101.5 temperature . :( 
Well < PROPFIRST > and I watched most of the classics this afternoon while she was sick . Grinch , < PROPMALE > , Frosty , & < PROPFEMALE > Claus is coming to Town . 
Now < PROPFIRST>'s temperature is 103 ! Headed to the dr in a bit . They want to take a look . 
The verdict is strep throat ! Crazy thing is she says her throat doesn't hurt but they did the culture and it was a definite yes . 
PLEASE put this on your status if you know \ 
someone ( or are related to someone ) who has AUTISM . My wish for 2011 is \ 
that people will understand autism is not a disease ; people with autism \ 
are not looking for a cure but for ACCEPTANCE . 
Nate clapped for the first time tonight ! Milestone check 
So tired . 
Off to see < PROPFEMALE > . Then Jeston's birthday party later . Should be a fun day . 
Had fun at the CSS Christmas party . Took a little bit to get used to skates again but it's just like riding a bike . Brought back some great memories . Unfortunately , Didn't hear another one bites the Dust or < PROPFEMALE > . 
Please send some prayers our way . < PROPFIRST > is getting over strep and we just got back from the ER with Nate . He has croup . It was very scary but he has some medicines and is a little better . 
Went to the WSIU Christmas party tonight . A good time was had by all . Kids are having a sleepover with < PROPFEMALE > and papa . Mom and Dad get date night ! 
< PROPFIRST > had a fun party at Pirate < PROPMALE>'s! Happy 5th birthday < PROPFIRST > ! Thanks for coming everyone ! 
Well the kids are super excited about the snow ! I think it looks pretty but hope it melts by tomorrow or we get 12 more inches so they close < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Driving back from Mattoon . Had fun celebrating Christmas with the Beevers , Grandma and rest of the family . 
Happy Birthday to < PROPFIRST > ! She is 5 today . Although if you have seen her in the last couple days , She probably told you she would be 5 today ! She is very excited ! =) 
is on Christmas break !!! Don't have to work until January 4th . Just finished some baking and am definitely in the Christmas spirit . 
we are almost to my sister & brother in laws ! yay ! I am out of ways to entertain the 1 yr old . 
Happy Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! Enjoying some time with the inlaws ! 
Tomorrow's Monday . Oh wait I don't have to work ! Awwww ! 
Nate has teeth troubles . :( 
All the Christmas stuff us down . Kind of sad but glad to have the space in the living room back . 
Back to the real world tomorrow . :( 
Missing nap time today ! 
Home sweet home ! Two states , two birthday parties , & one funeral later and we are home . Made for a Busy , fun , sad and one long weekend . 
Nate has the pukes ! :( 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > have the pukes ! :( 
So ready for the 3 day weekend ! Hopefully , My family will be healthy . 
feels like a broken record today ! 
Pancakes , eggs , sausage & bacon for breakfast . Yummy ! 
If your Dad was a hard working man and was your hero , helped you no matter how bad you were or was just the BEST DAD EVER , if you are blessed to still have your DAD or if he is an angel in Heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are PROUD of your Dad . You can replace a lot of people in life , but you only have one DAD . My wonderful Dad is < PROPMALE > Stuebe . 
Hip Hip Hooray for Friday !!!! 
Feels horrible ! :( 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > Smiles and eating Blizzards with the kiddos . 
Snow snow go away ! 
Nate had his 15 mo checkup today . He had to get 3 shots . :( He is 34 inches tall and 27.8 lbs . 
My hubby took the kids shopping yesterday so I could have alone time . Then Had a great dinner with friends last night . 
Illinois ' children services system is so broken . :( please send some prayers our way . 
Can't stop coughing ! 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! I am having an awesome birthday . Dinner with my friend < PROPFEMALE > last night , lunch with my friend < PROPFEMALE > today . Plus , Hershey Bar cake(thanks < PROPFEMALE > ) with the work gang . Having Dinner with my hubby tonight and lunch with the family on Sunday . Plus , < PROPFIRST > got me a new 32G IPod that I am having a glass of wine in my new cake glass and checking out . Woo hoo !!!! 
I <3 my new IPod ! 
Pot roast Italiano cheesy potatoes & < PROPMALE > chocolate cake . Yummy ! 
Nate won't stop shrieking . High pitched glass breaking shrieks . Calgon ..... 
We have court tomorrow . Please pray that they actually do SOMETHING ! And the powers that make good decisions . 
Good news : they actually started the hearing today and heard testimony from one witness . Bad news : They ran out of time and it is continued it until march . ( which we were informed could be worse ) . Keep praying everyone ! 
Is that peace & quiet I hear ! Yes it is !! 
Had fun at < PROPFEMALE>'s party today . The kids loved swimming . 
So ready for my 4 day weekend ! 
Nate had the grossest diaper in history ! 
Had a good day . Took the kids to the park . Soon < PROPFIRST > is going to throw some hot dogs on the grill . 
Just got back from Visiting my Grandma . She was surprised and glad to see the kids . We had a nice visit . 
Had a relaxing day with < PROPFIRST > today ! Got some good deals at Kohl's . Enjoyed a muffin from Perkins . Now we are relaxing until we pick up the kids . 
Husband and Wife Week -- If your spouse is your best friend , who works hard for you , who has been with you through thick and thin , who loves you when you're at your worst , and whom you are PROUD to be married to , copy and paste this with the year you were married ( 2005 ) 
Happy St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day ! It is our 7th anniversary of our first date . Love you < PROPFIRST > ! 
Pray for me . We are on our\ 
way to get pictures taken . Or maybe pray for the JCPenney people . 
Ah ! Pictures are done & it went great ! 
If you are 39 and out of shape , it isn't a good idea to try and demonstrate a cartwheel . Let me be a cautionary tale . 
It is 83 degrees in our office . Soooo hot ! 
Finally Friday !!! Woo hoo ! It has been a looong week ! 
Does anyone watch Army wives ? Just watched last night . So sad ! 
We have court tomorrow . Send some prayers our way . 
Opening Day baby !! Go Cards !!!! 
Good news dad surrendered his rights . Bad news mom case continued until may 13 . 
Infertility is a heart-wrenching , faith-questioning , relationship-testing , life-altering experience . April is Infertility Awareness Month . Whether a friend , a family member , a colleague or yourself has fought through this difficult fate that MILLIONS of women are fighting day in and day out , post this as your status if you or someone you know has walked to hell and back for the < PROPMALE > to be a MOM or DAD 
Okay Idol watchers . Was that unbelievable \ 
? 
It is Friday ! And our building has air conditioning . Woo hoo ! 
Was Westbrook a good idea ? I think not . 
Woo hoo ! Theriot comes through ! 
Oatmeal chocolate chip cookies . Yummy ! 
Can Rasmus catch a ball ? Can < PROPMALE > close a game ? Geez ! It's going to be a long season . 
Migraine . :-( 
Let's go Cardinals !! 
Cardinal baseball with Nate the great . 
Loving < PROPMALE > Berkman ........ 
Headed to Easter village at purina farms . Should be fun ! 
< PROPFEMALE > vu anyone . < PROPMALE > strikes again 
No electricity = no Parenthood :'( 
Is thankful for electricity today ! And that it came back on before our groceries spoiled . 
Woo hoo ! 4 day weekend ! Kicking it off with the circus tomorrow ! 
Rain rain go away ! 
Happy Easter everyone ! He is risen ! 
Rainy days and Mondays get me down . 
Little darling the smiles are returning to the faces \ 
Little darling it seems like years since its been here\ 
Here comes the sun here comes the sun\ 
And I say its allright 
