happy 2010 all 

The konami code isn't working for me . It's supposed to mess with your screen or something . 
Hello 
meh 
staring at lightbulbs hurts 
I just made a 11:11 wish 
My sister's acting like a bitch for Christmas , & my mom's getting fed up . I think she might kick her out soon . :-) 
A < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all , & to all a good night . 
i just realized silence frightens me . 
My laptop turned on while it was closed , it's convenient , but it kinda freaked me out . ;} 
is watching MAR 
I just remembered I have pie . I am happy . 
is wondering why AP World History is shortened to WHAP instead of APWH . 
was confused about something , then about forgot it , then remembered he was confused , but still cannot remember what he was confused about originally . 
realised math is misanthropic . According to it the average is mean . 
How does Spider-man climb on walls after he puts gloves on ? 
Google Chrome now has extensions , & I am very excited !! 
3.14 ||PI . E 
Is facebook different , or is it just the oxycodone ? 
just found out that food caught in a stitch tastes bloody , & not entirely bad . 
have you ever misjudged how far your hand is from a light switch , & ended up just wagging your hand in front of it repeatedly ? 
just watched some gundam , & is wondering whose idea was it to put the cockpit inside the gian fighting , and ofttimes exploding robot , as opposed to some sort of long distance control . 
Off to Oregon ! 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 : Dumb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Beatuiful . 17 : Cute . 18 : Smarty pants 
My family's going bankrupt , we're losing our house this summer , we'll have to rent somewhere nearby . 
Back home , & liking my own bed . 
I love sleeping in . 
My laptop turned on as I was reaching for it . I think it has developed ESP . 
I just got my permit ! 
I lost my pokewalker , anyone seen it by < PROPMALE > ? 
Has anyone else ever had one of those dreams where you look at the clock , realize it's time to get up , so you get up , look at the clock , & realize it's the middle of the night ? 
Yesterday I dropped my phone , & the protective casing broke . I don't know if that means it worked or that it didn't . 
I just realized , Goku is Samson ! Both get power from their hair ! 
My phone's internet is back up ! 
The backlight on my laptop is starting to go out . Perhaps those wires sticking out of my computer were important ... 
enjoys speaking in third person . 
I got my scores today . Chem , WHAP , & Comp Sci are all 5s . 
Got a virus ... then got rid of a virus ! Yay for system restore . 
Studying for driver's < PROPMALE > , apparently cars have to yield to trains . Who would have guess < PROPMALE > ? 
dislikes being aware of his tongue . 
My sister's downstairs yelling incoherently at whoever she can find . Man I hope she moves out soon . 
I just got the oddest sensation that my hip bone was higher than usual ... I think I need more sleep . 
My dad just called me to tell me that I need to show him how his new cell phone works . What ? 
The backlight on my laptop went out again today , but this time when I tried to fix it it crackled , smoked , & would not turn on . I think it is done . 
My new laptop arrived today ! 
< PROPMALE > Wiebe just took back the the Donkey Kong championship ! I only now realized how nerdy it is that I care about that . 
I got a blanket out for the cold , and now I have a fuzzy . 
I just spent 45 minutes helping my dad figure out how to use chrome , this makes me happy , but somehow I still don't think he gets it though . 
Did anyone else get a letter from people to people in an envelope made out of really nice paper ? 
\We can protect you from having conversations with each other . \"" 
Welcome to zombocom . 
Everything is so bright & colorful ; I love eyepatches . 
Pickpockets beware ; I have a pocket full of broken glass . 
