Ray : out of town on a fishing trip , Me : having relaxing girl time spent cooking out ( or atleast we're gonna try ) :) 

grr ... grasshoppers officially ate all the corn i planted ... okra still coming up well though 
this morning i looked everywhere for the table sugar with no success , gave up and found it ... in the fridge behind the milk ... i reeeally enjoy putting things away aaaahaha 
not looking forward to the work about to be required for new career path ... tomorrow's gonna be a doozy 
ah ... nothing better than the smell of nutmeg and < PROPFEMALE > toasting in my kitchen on a sloooow saturday :) 
feeling overwhelmed by the trig required to do my physics hw 
ooo so proud of < PROPFIRST > with his 1st td in the nfl ! 
misses being bored ... stressed and stretched too thin is really beginning to suck 
spent a solid 7 hours on physics homework ... now on to chem ... somebody shoot me 
PLEASE don't make me go back ... can't i just stay in my bubble one more day ? 
how often am i really gonna hafta wear this annoying plumber's hat ??? seriously i have to fix something once a week anymore . at 6 this morning , it was a valve in the toilet !... at 6AM ... annoying 
dear grocery store- thank you for putting as few items in as many sacks possible ... your sacks are a plague on my household ! 
worked a 14 hour day today ... needless to say , i'm exhausted ... funny thing though , it was still less stressful than dealing with my physics homework 
just 5 more days ... then i will be able to breathe again ... maybe i should make one of those countdown chains out of construction paper 
ugh tests tests tests 
health sciences are really making my life suck right now ... what can i do with the psych degree i already have ... nothing ?... really ? 
My big black geek glasses should be in tomorrow ! ... unless lenscrafters fails me again ... 
mmmm ... I love the rain ... for every reason in the world , I wish it rained all the time 
I'm always slightly terrified when I exit out of ' Word ' and it asks me if I want to save any changes to my ten-page technical report that I swear I did not make any changes to 
lol I have a hard time deciphering the fine line between boredom and hunger 
I love the sense of camaraderie when an entire line of cars team up to prevent a jerk from cutting in at the front . Stay strong ! 
I just can't help myself ... I still love < PROPFEMALE > 
just doing a little holiday treat making =) cookies , chexmix , and muddy buddies . Tomorrow I hope to get to the meringue kisses , fudge and chocolate covered pretzels , but I can already feel myself starting to backdown ... we'll see 
< PROPFIRST > cut my hair tonight ... it was an interesting sensation ... a lot like the one when you look in your rear-view mirror to see flashing red lights ... It turned out well though lol 
only 6 days left !!! 
I lost my phone yesterday !... I think this feels worse than loosing my wallet ... feel naked 
getting ready to head to Hutchinson for Christmas ... 
well , i'm back home in oklahoma now ... had a great Christmas with my family , but jeez , i forget how busy they keep me when i go to visit !... time for some r&r and some sleep in my own bed 
I am with < PROPFIRST > at the taxidermist while he gets his < PROPMALE > mounted ... EWWW ... what happened here 
< PROPFEMALE > - food ... Hunny- dear one ... Yes ? 
< PROPFIRST>'s mom sprays the Christmas presents with fake snow ... because \they came from the north pole \"!" 
I have felt like a zombie all day . I keep waking up with strange dreams , despite spending over $100 this month on sleep aids prescribed by my DC . i know all the tricks and still nothing is helping ... 
Only fools get angry quickly \ 
and hold a grudge . http://bible.us/Eccl7.9.CEV 
A gentle tongue is a tree of life http://bible.us/Prov15.4.ASV 
They got rid of all the comfie couches ay my place of solitude :( very sad day at borders 
Couldn't sleep at all last night . Didn't even bother with the bed till after 4 . Oh well , here we go again ... Monday 
God be with Egypt 
Listening to music that I've acquired in the last 10 years , and feeling a wide range of things ... very nostalgic 
sledding and snowboarding ... fairly productive day i suppose 
Just went to my first zumba class ever ... so fun ! 
no phone till I can go to the tech store this weekend :/ the outlet is messed up 
has brought to you this public service announcement - spandex is a privilege ... not a right ! Thank You and Have a Great Day !! 
I finally made it to the sprint store today , where i found out that they have to order me a new phone ... and it's Backordered . So if you need me , facebook is the only way to get me for atleast another week :/ 
Sooo not ready to be back to work this week 
Super fun night at the Thunder game ... half time show was like the circus ! 
