Really enjoyed the weekend playing with Brenden and Bryleigh . I have really enjoyed Bryleigh cuddling with me . I already miss them so much ! She is such a happy baby ! It was great being around a baby girl for a change ! But boy did my turtle get a little jealous ! My Brother had sister-in-law have 2 terrific kids !! 

oops ! Correction ! My brother and sister-in-law have 2 terrrific kids !! 
Is going to NC for the weekend ! Having a Yard Sale at Big < PROPMALE>'s Garage ! So if any one is in the area and looking for girls clothes 7 to 8 , boys clothes 6 and 7's and a few 8's , dresser drawers and all kinds of stuff . Stop by and check us out ! 
Can't wait until saturday ! Going to celebrate my niece's first birthday !! Yay !! Bryleigh Farr is turning the big 1 ! 
Is getting ready to go to the Y to take my turtle to his swim lesson ! 
Getting ready to go to NC and play with my favorite nephew at my mom's house for the weekend ! 
Is home listening to the thunderstorm ! 
I have a very sick little boy . Went to the doctor today , because he has had a high fever for the past 30 hours and found out that he has the swine flu and strep throat . My poor baby !!! 
< PROPFIRST > is finally feeling alittle better ! Thank you to everyone who prayed for him and kept him in their thoughts . 
Getting ready to do homework with my little turtle ! Then off to soccer practice at 6pm . 
Is so glad that the weekend is here ! Going to Howl-O-Scream tomorrow and Sunday !!!! YAY !!! Family fun weekend !!!! 
Please everyone remember to cast your vote today ! Can't complain if you don't choose to vote ! 
is cooking country style steak and mushroom gravy with mash potatoes and corn on the cobb with biscuits !! 
Is getting ready to take < PROPFIRST > to the zoo for the day . We have an autistic boyscout outing today . Should be alot of fun !!! YAY !!! 
Wants to wish everyone a safe and Happy Thanksgiving ! Tomorrow is a time to be with friends and loved ones , and remember why you are thankful ! 
Hopes everyone has a safe and Happy New Year !! 
Is getting ready to take my baby to his nero-developmental doctor for his routine 6 month check up and med . refills ! 
Is doing laundry and cleaning the house today ! My husband is working with my Dad , so it is just me and the kids hanging out . 
My husband just got home from working with my Dad ! Now maybe I will drag him out shopping and Dinner ! 
Loves my brother more than words can say . If you have a brother who is your best friend and has shared life's precious blessings with you and has also been there for you through thick and thin copy and paste this to your status . The world would not be the same without our brothers . ( and that is an understatement !!! ) Love you < PROPFIRST > !! 
Thank You to all my facebook friends and family for the terrific birthday wishes , You all know how to make someone feel very special on their birthday ! 
More Snow ? You have to be joking ! It is snowing its butt off and it is sticking . Last weekend we got about 6 - 8 inches and the city was out of commission for about 5 days , how long now ? Please spring hurry up ! 
It has stopped snowing YAY ! I hope I don't see anymore snow for a long time ! 
Is glad it is Friday !!!! Hope everyone has a great weekend . Stay safe ! 
Please Remember to wear blue on Friday April 2 . World Autism Awareness Day ! Autism affects 1 in 110 children and 1 in 70 boys ! I have a wonderful , sweet , caring son that is autistic . So please support this cause and remenber to wear BLUE !!! 
The pollen is driving me crazy ! I can't breathe , won't stop sneezing , and my eyes r crying . Help ! 
Okay i have had 2 totally different dreams the past 2 nights except in both dreams i am pregnant ! What is up with that ? And no i am not pregnant ! 
Is heading to Hampton for the night with my wonderful husband . He wants to go check out The Pub tonight for dinner . Tomorrow will do some shopping at the Peninsula Town Center . Staying at The Hampton Inn ! 
Is sitting in bed watching tv and listening to my husband snore ..... 
Well our spring break is over . Kids go back to school tomorrow ! 
Is sitting at the dentist office with < PROPMALE > this morning . 
Is so proud of my little boy . He got 2nd place in the 50 meter run , and 2nd place kick ball at the special olympic games ! 
Today my mema passed away . Today is a sad day . But god brings the joy of many wonderful memories . Mema you will live on in our hearts and minds forever . I love you mema ! 
< PROPFEMALE > swain funeral info . Maitlandfuneralhome.com 
Is so glad its friday !! 
Is hanging out at the ymca pool with my husband and kids . 
Is home from the pool and now going to fire up the grill . Cooking steaks , baked potatos , corn on the cobb and yeast rolls . Also having a glass of wine while grilling . Its gonna be a good night ! 
Headed to water country usa ! 
Had a blast at water country yesterday . Tired today though . Last week of < PROPFIRST>'s for my kids . 18 days left of school ! 
Its lost ending time ! Yay ! 
Okay i am lost with lost ! 
Huge yard s < PROPMALE > e tomorrow at big < PROPMALE>'s garage in plymouth nc ! From 7am until . Come and check it out . 
Storming ! Good sleep tonight ... 
My kids have 7 days left of school ! Yay ! Almost summer break ! 
Is sitting at home tonight . Just gonna relax . We are going to water country usa . Going to have a fun busy day tomorrow ! 
Is heading to water country usa ! It should be a fun filled family day . Hope everyone else has a great saturday . 
Is so glad to be home ! We had a blast at water country usa , but i am wore out . Looking forward to a relaxing sunday ! 
Is having sushi for dinner ! Yay ! Plus my kids only have 3 days of school left ! Super yay ! 
Cant sleep ! Been wide awake since 2:30 am . Kids have school in a few hours . 
We have no electricity . Guess the storm knock it off . Now whats 4 dinner ? 
School is out 4 summer ! Yay ! 
At water country usa today with my kids and husband . 
Happy fathers day to all the fathers out there ! 
Took my husband to ihop this morning for breakfast . And for dinner i am cooking spaghetti and 5 cheese garlic bread . Also having a tossed salad . Maybe a glass of wine for the cook ? 
Cant sleep ! Ugh ! 
My baby turned 9 years old today ! Where did the years go ? I remember the day we brought him home from the hospital like it was yesterday . Happy birthday < PROPFIRST > !! 
At the tides game with < PROPFIRST > for his birthday ! 
Spent most of the day at the doctors office with < PROPFIRST > today . When he woke up this morning he had a blistery rash on his chest ( he says his heart ) and < PROPFEMALE > . Doctor really doesn't know what it is except not contagious . Gave us two types of steroid ointment to put on it twice a day for 10 to 14 days , but should see a dramatic improvement in about 3days . 
Is cleaning house today and making the kids help !! 
Is getting ready to head down to Plymouth to visit my mom for the weekend ! 
Is playing with my new LG Script phone ! 
Is sitting at the dodge dealership waiting for my car to be fixed . Something is messed up with my brakes ! 
Well I have taken my placement tests today at TCC . Now I just have to register for classes by Monday . I haven't figured out if I am excited or scared ? 
Can't sleep !!! UGH !! It is 3 in the morning . Mr. Sandman where are you ? 
Is at cracker barrel for dinner . The on to the movies to see ECLIPSE !!! 
Is at the movies getting ready to watch ECLIPES !! Going to enjoy my date night with my hubby . 
ECLIPSE was great . Now bring on BREAKING < PROPFEMALE > ! Enjoyed my date night with my husband . He is to good to me . Love you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Had a great day . Took my mom to water country usa today . Her 1st visit . She enjoyed playing with < PROPFIRST > in the water . 
My husband , < PROPFIRST > and I are at < PROPFEMALE > Garden eating dinner . By the way today is national icecream day , So we will have to make a stop by cold stone creamery ! YUMMY !!!!!!! 
Don't know where or what to have for dinner ? 
Does anyone know if NC or VA are going to have a tax free weekend for back to school ? If so have u heard when it will be ? 
Just got done with my anniversary dinner . < PROPFIRST > and I have been married for 7 years today . Next month we have been together for 11 years . The time has flown by ! I love you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Glad to be back home ! Been at my mom's in p-town since monday . Had a blast with my favorite niece and nephew ! I love them so much ! I had fun with H . too ! She is like family too . 
My family and I are at water country usa . It is 106 out here and feels like 110 ! Crowded too ! But still having fun with my boys . 
Today is my niece's 2nd birthday ! It is a blessing , my birthday is < PROPFIRST > . 25 , my moms is oct . 25 , and my niece is today july 25th . THAT IS THREE GENERATIONS THAT WERE BORN ON THE 25TH ! GOD IS GOOD ! 
Is sitting at the dodge dealership again . Rear brakes blew out ! If it weren't for bad luck , I would have no luck at all ! 
Can't believe college starts in one week ! School doesn't start back until september 7th for my kids . It will be a test of strength to go to school when they will be waiting for me to get home . 
Can't believe college starts in two days ! 
CAN'T SLEEP !!! UGH ! 
Ok my nerves are shaking ! College starts tomorrow ! Do you know how long it has been since I have been in school ? Pray for me ! 
Well TCC was good today . Maybe I am not too old to go back to school . Biology is going to be a killer this semester though . But I know with hard work I can do this ! 
We are at Bush Gardens for the evening without the kids ! HA Adult night out ! 
I got bored today and decided I needed a little baking therapy so I have made a cheesecake and banana nut muffins , and blueberry muffins . So now what do I do ? Guess I should study for Bio quiz on thursday , but I wanna do something fun . Maybe I should start cooking dinner . Baked Chicken with mash potatoes and gravy and a vegetable . ( havent decided yet ! ) Hope everyone is enjoying their sunday afternoon ! 
Well I have completed the first full week of college . Things have gone pretty good . Got a couple of grades back : English paper got a 100 , and my first biology quiz I made an 80 . Not to bad considering I have been out of school for a long time . So far so good ..... 
Well our summer vacation has officially come to an end . My boy's first day back to school is tomorrow . One is going in the 10th grade , and my baby is going into the 4th grade . Time does fly ! 
REMEMBERING THE HEROS THAT LOST THEIR LIVES IN THE 9/11 ATTACKS . ALL THE MEN AND WOMEN THAT DIED IN THAT PENNSYLVANIA FIELD AND AT THE TOWERS AND PENTAGON ! STOP AND REMEMBER AND SAY A PRAY ! AS YOU GO ABOUT YOUR DAY DO SOMETHING NICE FOR SOMEONE ELSE . WE ARE < PROPFEMALE > NS WE STAND TALL AND PROUD ! GOD BLESS < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Happy 39th Birthday to my wonderful husband ! I love < PROPFIRST > ! 
The weekend is over ! Back to the grind tomorrow ! Ugh . 
I like it on the kitchen table ! 
Made it through biology mid term . Have to say I am a lot less stressed now . Only two more months of this semester ! YAY ! Have to figure out what to take for spring semester . Hope everyone had a great weekend ! Way to short for me ! 
Can you learn by osmosis ? That is the question of the night ! 
At Great Wolf lodge . Terrific halloween things to do with young children . 
Should be studying for ITE test tomorrow ! Why does the weekend has to end ? 
Today is my moms birthday ! I love you mom ! 
Ugh ! Going to miss class this morning ! I am sitting i a traffic jam on the interstate ! Sometimes I hate the city ! 
Today is my friday ! I don't have school on friday's but my kids still do . I have to write my biology Article Review and an English Classification Essay this weekend though ! SO MUCH FUN !!!! LOL 
Watching The Great Pumpkin < PROPFIRST > Brown ! Having a great night with my turtle and hubby ! 
Happy Halloween everyone ! Hope everyone enjoys thier day ! We have trick or treat at 6pm to 8pm . My turtle is NIGHT FURY from HOW TO TRAIN A DRAGON movie . 
I voted today ! Have you ? If not please go and vote ! 
I am thankful that I wake up to a wonderful husband and kids . 
I am thankful for great friends and extended family . 
Tonight we went to the special olympics opening ceremony and dance . I have to say when the torch was lit it made me emotional . I AM SO PROUD TO BE PART OF SOME VERY SPECIAL AND WONDERFUL PEOPLE ! These kids have to overcome some huge obstacles in life , but they do it with pride and smiles on their faces . Good luck to all the athletes in the < PROPFEMALE > State Tournament tomorrow ! 
Getting ready to register for Spring semester classes . I am taking religion230 , Economics120 , Public speaking cst100 , and English111 . Sounds like fun huh ! 
I don't believe regular education teachers should be able to grade special education students ! You won't hire an electrician to do a plumbing job would you ? That is why we have special education teachers ! 
Happy Thanksgiving Facebook friends and family ! I hope you have a terrific turkey day !! 
Getting ready to go to the christmas parade in great bridge ! Went and bought our christmas tree earlier today . 
Waiting for the christmas parade to begin . I am freezing !!!!!!!!!! 
Well today was my last day of classes for my first semester ! I am so ready for a month off . I will be refreshed for spring semester ; economics , religion , english , and public speaking . 
I have a feeling that all this snow and ice is just the begining of what kind of winter we are in for . Praying that the weather doesn't mess up my christmas plans . 
Please pray for the families that lost everything in The Birches Apartments in Greenbrier today . Greenbrier Intermediate had quite a few children affected by fire . So please when you say your prayers tonight include these people . It terrible to have a fire destroy you home and belonging , especially right here at christmas time . 
Twas the day of the night before Christmas ................ 
Let's see how creative my facebook friends are ... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST Name ... It can only be 1 word ... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you ... Don't just post a word & not copy , that's no fun ... 
Can't believe I have been up since 4:30 . It is gonna be a very long day . 
I am nervous as usual , with starting another semester ! Economics at 8am , I am going to need some < PROPMALE > coffee . 
Had a great day with my boys . What a great way to start the long weekend . 
Okay some class changes but hopefully now I am straight . Taking economics , public speaking , english , aerobic fitness , Intro to teaching preparation . It will be an interesting semester ! 
Thank you everyone for all the great birthday wishes . I had a great day . Thanks again < PROPFEMALE > for a terrific lunch and girl time . 
Watching the superbowl with my boys ! 
