is anything really ever worth it ? 

I've decided I dont like running at night 
do one thing every day that scares you . 
heres to alcohol ; the cause and solution to all of life's problems ... 
if there was only water here , i think this place could be amazing 
Its amazing how much you can learn about somebody when you just let them talk . 
Stupid TV . Be more funny . 
It's official . I hate dust . 
never thought I'd miss alcohol this much ! 
this iraqi heat is giving me headaches ! :( 
all work and no play makes me a dull boy 
dazed and confused . 
if anybody else asks me about leave , I think I might snap . 
I just keep telling myself : \Its another day at the beach .... its another day at the beach . \ " damn ... where's the f@%$ing water ! " 
challenging my video animation skills ... 
\has anyone seen my < PROPFIRST > Varvato's iPod case ? \"" 
I need to stop talking to people who barely speak English . I'm starting to speak in broken / irregular sentences ... 
This Iraqi wind is horrible . 
is all wee-weed up . 
i dont like running on treadmills ... THEY HURT ! not like running on the road at all . 
is it bad to say 118F is a cool day ? 
i really hate dust . 
another day , another dollar . 
somehow surviving each day . 
today was monday ? 
another long day . 
gearing for another day . I hope nobody throws a wrench in it . 
Maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists , unless laughter can be said to remedy anything . - < PROPMALE > Vonnegut 
another day down ... and another day closer to halloween . 
forgot how much i liked the movie \the replacements \"" 
is seriously considering to purchase the 2010 < PROPFIRST > . 
is bleh today . not looking forward to the flu shot tomorrow . 
flu shot sucks ... 
hates when he puts something away so he does not lose it , and then forgets where he put it . ugh ! 
i heard a rumor that Iraq is hot . It was only hot for a couple days .. I think Kuwait is warmer than this . 
really needs a good halloween costume idea ! 
anybody living in the < PROPMALE > area ...? I need a favor ... 
if anybody can figure out how to get a < PROPFIRST > o'lantern out here in iraq , please tell me ! 
Deep into the darkness peering , long I stood there , wondering , fearing , Doubting , dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before . 
“Whiskey is for drinking ; water is for fighting over” 
work . work . 
Beware of the light at the end of the tunnel . It could be headlights of oncoming traffic . 
Living the Dream ! One nightmare at a time ... 
nothing like taking a pt test after being awake for 2 days straight . 
waiting for the great pumpkin ! 
this is going to be a really long week ! :-/ 
going to bed early tonight . its going to be a long day ... 
accomplished absolutely nothing . 
not looking forward to iraqi winter 
first box sent out today . its now official , the moving process has begun ! 
finally some rain in iraq . 
am i the only one enjoying the extra \breathing room \"?" 
totally forgot what highspeed internet is . information overload pending .. 
snow in kansas . roads closed . offices shutdown . im stuck in my room wondering when i'll get to eat breakfast . how is this any better than iraq ?! 
the laundry list of things to do is slowly decreasing in size . HALLELUJAH ! 
first real weekend in the US . off to a good start . 
xmas disneyland . quite an experience . highly suggested . 
day 1 in GA . everything is closed for the holidays . house hunting postponed til monday . 
really wants this move to be over with ! 
finally got cable and internet . these bare walls were starting to close in on me ! 
can i go now ? my brain is full . 
spent all last night unpacking 2000 lbs of equipment that arrived from cali . my body aches ! definitely do not look forward to work today ! 
cant believe colt is out . can the freshman step up ? 
why am i so sleepy ! 
almost finished unpacking . been out of the loop for the last couple weeks . this dust will settle soon . never move and start working at the same time , its more stress than its worth . but I'm definitely diggin the new atmosphere ! The South is much better than I remember ! 
last work day of the week begins at 330am . Have I ever mentioned how much I enjoy the army ? what other institution provides you with so many opportunities to wake up so early ? I bet some of you didn't even know that time existed before 6am . 
just ordered my nexus one . 
got my nexus one . its pretty powerful . 
is completely apathetic . 
meh .. 
It requires less character to discover the faults of others than it does to tolerate them . 
dont bother me this weekend ... Im not interested . 
how much alcohol can i cram into 1 weekend ? hmmmm ... 
i swear i didnt drink a drop last night , but this hangover is telling me otherwise ... 
am i getting that old already ? college and HS reunion this year ... 
last day of the week . cant wait ! 
snow ???!? 
looks like i'll be waking up to snow tomorrow . 
so does anybody actually use myspace anymore ? i wonder if i should even keep my account active anymore . 
very disappointed with boondock saints 2 
high humidity tonight . sux . 
\Im going to ask one of the hooters girls if she was a girl scout and if she says yes then Im going to ask her what shes gonna do for me since she's owes me after all those cookies . \ " -my instructor in class " 
Ice cold milk and an Oreo cookie , They forever go together , What a classic combination . 
let the good times roll . 
whats up with the recent increase in video bloggers ? You arent funny , witty , or insightful . Quit wasting my time ! 
HEY ! There's another contradiction ! The albino lifeguard !! 
4 days . 
for the last week ( as far as I have been tracking ) , both history channel and discovery have been doing specials on space travel and < PROPFEMALE > landing experiments as well as documentaries on the Apollo missions . I'm sensing a hidden agenda ... 
VEGAS ! this party is going to rock ! 
i hear its snowing in vegas ... 
attn < PROPFEMALE > drivers : you cant drive in the rain , so dont even try . get off the road , my 15 < PROPFEMALE > drive from work should NEVER take an hour ! 
Colombia for st < PROPFEMALE>'s , trying to build a costume for the 5k ............... 
got my outfit done . ready for the weekend . for all those who've done drunken marathons , what is the preferred method to < PROPFEMALE > your beverage ? 
headin to columbia . 
great weekend . 5 days left til the next one . 
planning my trip home to cali ( first weekend in apr ) 
pt test postponed til tomorrow . that'll be three weeks of waiting to do one . 
thinking about mixin this weekend . 
allergies suck . 
< PROPFEMALE > i didnt have to work today . 
i'll be in cali 4/1-4/5 . be sure to hit me up 
so nice to be out in shorts and tshirt again . 77 today . 
666 friends .... really ?! somebody better friend me quick or Im going to have to unfriend somebody !!!!! 
enjoying my saturday night . 
some of my classmates are already getting out . I still have 18 months . ugh .. 
I need to stop gambling . 
10 days til LA . 
cali in 1 week 
bored out of my mind and have nothing to do . 
game over . try again ? 
tornado warning ? awesome . im really back in the south again . 
3 days ... 
I feel GRRRREEEEEAAAAT ! 
happy easter ! Christos Anesti ! 
heading back to GA . Cali was fun but I can never stay long enough . 
There was easily 1/4 inch layer of pollen on my car when i got home . 
Tornado in e'prise ?! Hope everybody is OK ! 
Rain ! About time ... 
people really have surprised me lately .. 
bored 
after tackling all this pollen this afternoon , spring cleaning has a whole new meaning . 
hittin the pool . 
TGIF ! 
pool side . 
Looks like rain ... 
migraine . :( 
Chillin 
\grandma tells me she poked you two days ago and you still havent poked her back . Go and poke your grandma ! \"" 
rain on the weekend ?! wtf ! 1 . 
way too much humidity in the south for running . i lost about 5 lbs of water in my 2 hour run this afternoon . 2 . 
dentist used too much novicane this morning . The entire left side of my face is numb and the muscles dont work either ... this better wear off soon ! 3 . 
Happy Hump Day ! 5 . 
and its friday tomorrow . Greek Festival starts tomorrow and little carnival on post is open too . should be a fun weekend . 6 . 
Haha jaha 
Out . 
i hate pollen . 
ugh ! its sunday already ?! def dont want to work tomorrow ... 
Cofffffeeeeee ! Yea ... its one of those days .. 
back to two a days .. 
they need to ban indoor smoking in all bars and clubs .. seriously . Im tired of smelling like smoke everytime i go out . 
misses cali 
Summer is finally here ! 
Learning salsa 
getting new tires on my car . 
loooong day 
bbq for sure today ... no clue whate else is going on . might be a catch up day 
comcast is the worst ISP I have ever dealt with . one more outage and I'm canceling . 
GO LAKERS ! 
Not in our house . 
feeling better today . out . 
LAKERS ! 
Lakers win ! 
out on the town . 
2nd salsa lesson . getting a little better . lots of spins tonight . 
happy fathers day 
lake 
i really hate incompetent people 
4am wake up = very angry 
4 days til VEGAS ! 
2k in the pool today . just short of my baseline goal , slowly getting my strength back . 
I hate this class . 
100m swim . 1:18 \ 
200m swim 3:30 \ 
1000m swim . ??? Hopefully < 30:00 ? I'm supposed to do them back to back . .. 
GO USA 
1000m swim 20:00 min 
up , down , up , down , left , right , left , right , B , A . 
VEGAS for the weekend . Hit up my cell if you're gonna be out there . 818-564-7492 
Flight delayed because they don't have flight attendants ???? WTF ! 
Day2 
Since everything that happens in Vegas stays in Vegas . I'll just say that it was a good weekend .... 
Back to the land of uncomfortable humidity and pollen . 
Cervesa mas fina . 
no AC in < PROPFEMALE > makes Saki something something . 
AC is working again . Amen . 
Karaoke in the south = bizarre . .. 
this time tomorrow , i'll be in cali . 
I need to just stay and claim permanent residence in Cali . 
Searching LA for the highly demanded deep fried Twinkie . MTF 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Craziest 4th of July ever ! 
Back in the dirty south . And I place a lot of emphasis on DIRTY . 
Getting attacked by a kamakaze beetle at 430 is not my favorite way to start my morning . 
Sooo tired . 
Don't act like you're not impressed ! 
TGIF 
34 days 
high on life , and now i cant sleep :-/ 
\People take different roads seeking fulfillment and happiness . Just because they're not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost . \ " -Dalai Lama " 
Knowledge speaks , but wisdom listens . -- Jimi Hendrix 
He who laughs last probably didn't get the joke . 
Is it really my Bday in 2 days ? Really ?????? Where did the rest of the year go !!! 
If you obey all the rules , you miss all the fun . -- < PROPFEMALE > Hepburn 
Going out for prebday bash . Nothing like being hungover on my bday .... 
Happy bday to me ! thank you for all the birthday wishes ! :) 
weekend is finally here . its about bloody time . i need a BREAK ! 
sunday bbq down the street . showin them how to do it BIG . this is going to be a very rough week already . 
About to start ... 
doing my book review . trying to read the book and type the report simultaneously ... 
Enjoying my Saturday . 
:) 
swim test this morning . wish me luck ! 
well this sucks . t-storm killed my modem and now im working straight from my cell phone 
Shooting today . Need 6/6 
def does not want to do this battle analysis 
got my xrays yesturday . apparently i got 4 or 5 kidney stones floating in my system . on the side that didnt hurt . and it looks like i have an infection too . got a ct scan last night , will see how bad the damage is on monday . 2010 is turning into the year from hell . 
apartment is turning into a frat house . damn this sickness . its a burden to keep up with cleaning ! 
3 days ! 
Movie night ! 
first time in months that i feel alive ! i guess i just renewed my lease . going to make this one better than the last one ! :) 
100m 13.12 sec . Passed ! High jump tonight , just need 4'6\ .. " 
best has best GF ever ! 
Flying back to GA for the last time from CA . Good weekend home . Next week .... VEGAS ! 
preparing for VEGAS . 
Anything less than VIP in Vegas doesn't make any sense . 
By comparison , Hotlanta isn't nearly as great . At all . 
almost out of this armpit . 
Entering TX today ... 
chillin in cali 
zombies hate fast food . 
good time at the reunion . nice to see some old faces . 
heading to the cantina 
in AZ . kinda pissed that all the hotels in town are booked solid . really dont feel like driving 30 < PROPMALE > to town tomorrow after a 10 hour drive today ... 
house hunting day 1 complete . drove for 6 hours straight , spent half a tank of gas and only decided where Im NOT going to live at . \ 
\ 
hopefully I have better luck tomorrow . 
signing my lease on monday . 
sign the lease today . hopefully get my stuff moved in wed or thurs . 
chillin with yoshi 
will be in cali this weekend . 
cleaning .. good riddance < PROPFEMALE > pollen ! 
finally got the process to move the Jeep to AZ completed . who would have thought it would be this difficult to register a vehicle ? 
happy halloween ! 
prop 22 passed ?! I hope a fire passes through the voting block that said YES . State wont be able to pull funds to put it out . You better start saving $$$ for firefighters and helicopters cause California wont have it ..... 
enjoying the day off , by cleaning ... 
chillaxin ... 
today is a warm day ... 
back to the grind . 
just made persimmon cookies 
grill me a cheese ! 
oh migraines .... how ive missed thee ...... 
It is impossible to step into the same river twice . 
Consciousness : that annoying time between naps . 
new seats came in , install them tomorrow morning . 
ironically a great day , despite being monday 
It's a < PROPMALE > Award ! 
new floor , new visors , new side panels and power locks installed in the jeep . 
in fort hood til thursday evening . if you are in the area and want to < PROPFEMALE > out - call me . 
no more tan in the jeep ! 
xmas shopping complete . what an expensive weekend ! 
looks like rain today ... 
In cali for the four day weekend . Hit me up if you want to < PROPFEMALE > out . 
looks like snow tomorrow . 
oh migraine ... we meet again ... 
WTF happened last night !?! Half my yard is now on the other side of the property . and i think some of my neighbors stuff are now back here too . 
ready to discard the most miserable year ever . Here's to 2011 . May it be the opposite of last year . :) 
snowing in so cal ? 
Smokey , this is not ' < PROPFEMALE > . This is bowling . There are rules ... 
I too dabbled in pacifism once ... Not in ' < PROPFEMALE > of course 
You are entering a world of pain ... 
this weekend went by way to quickly . not looking forward to working this week ! 
i just wanted a triforce . 
new windows in the jeep . 
new front bumper installed . 
finished lights on the jeep . too dark to take a picture tonight . will post in the morning . 
finished cleaning the house . 
on the verge of ingenuity ... or insanity .. 
doesnt feel like writing any more fragos or warnos today 
the pirate english setting on facebook is amazing ! 
hunting ghosts on thursday . who wants in ? 
just did \zumba\ " for pt . guess i'll be working out at the gym tonight to make up for that lost hour . " 
6 degrees outside . WTF ?! 
note to future superbowl halftime show coordinators : pick somebody that knows how to sing in public . just because they sound good on CD does not mean they can perform the same in front of a stadium full of people . 
so glad im taking the day off . another day to work on the jeep 
this is the first dog Ive ever seen that plays with his food . 
< PROPFEMALE > Teller and I destroyed the bed . 
Wondering why I stopped cooking ; dinner hasnt tasted better since I started again ! 
who wants to go snowboarding with me this weekend ? 
good thing this week is only 4 days long 
netflix weekend ! 
i think im going to start unfriending people who use the phrase FML in their status updates . thats the most retarded net phrase ever . 
quit critiquing me , im not a piece of < PROPMALE > , I'm a human being ! 
WTF ?! SNOW ?????????????????????????????????? Where did you come from ? 
Something to think about ... \ 
\I think computer viruses should count as life . I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive . We've created life in our own image . \ " \ 
