Col 3:12 Since God chose you to be the holy people he loves , you must clothe yourselves with tenderhearted mercy , kindness , humility , gentleness , and < PROPFEMALE > . 13 Make allowance for each other’s faults , and forgive anyone who offends you . Remember , the 

I'm thinkin this empty nest thing is not that great ... 
Jody .. you're an amazing person ! My life is richer for having shared such an awesome weekend with you . I am so proud of what you've accomplished and what I know you have yet to do ... thank you ! for being you ! 
I am not good at the facebook thingy , LOL Hope everyone has a wonderful day ! :o ) 
How come it is easy to help someone else do chores , but so difficult to do your own ? 
Just Prayin < PROPFIRST > gets home safe from San < PROPMALE > ... 
Hook Em Horns !!! Go Colt ! 
From the Harvest this morning I Cor 10:13 No temptation has seized you except what is common to man . And God is faithful ; he will not let you be tempted beyond what you can bear . But when you are tempted , he will also provide a way out so that you can stand up under it . 
Perplexed as to why someone would divulge someone's confidence ... es no bueno 
Am so happy for our friend , Randy ... the hard part is over . And it was nice to hear your humor was still in tact . Thank you God for watching over him ! 
I will miss you dad , you have left this earth too soon , but I am so very happy you're with our awesome Father ! Love Schnook ! 
I know God's love through the love of great friends and family . I want to THANK EVERYONE so much for all the love and support through this really tough time . I am truly blessed beyond measure . I thank God for everyone of your messages and emails , etc ... I love you more than words can say ! 
Ok , so it's my birrfffday and I send out a mom flower to my mom friends ... only I think it went to all my girls ... LOL too funny . OOPsies :o ) Remember I love you ! 
Facebook has gone haywire ... it keeps sending \mom\ " flowers from to people who are not even moms . I'm so sorry if you get a mom flower from me and are not a mom . It's this wonderful site doing crazy things . :o ) " 
Had a wonderful MUCH NEEDED dinner with my awesome friend < PROPFEMALE > , thank you D , love you ! 
Moving really stinks ... I have muscles where I didn't think I had them 
I hope the old saying \Things happen in Three's\ " doesn't really exist ... I will miss you Aunt < PROPFEMALE >!" 
To anyone that got some weird beach babe thing ... it wasn't me . SORRY !!! 
oh boy .. it's almost time for < PROPFIRST > ! Whoo hoo ! I cannot wait to see my daughter and my long time friend Sammi . < PROPFEMALE > is gettig hitched , wow !!! I won't believe it until I hear \I do ... \"" 
Just got back from < PROPFIRST > from attending an awesome wedding and am proud to say I wrestled a 9 year old for the bouquet ... and WON !!!! YESSSS ! 
Can breathe again 
Alka-Seltzer cold tabs $9 ; Polar ice pak $2 ... a 30 minute discussion about God with your crazy awesome son ... priceless ! :o ) 
Iinfo 
I am so ready for fall ! :o ) 
Thank you everyone SO much ! What a glorious day and what fabulous friends and family I have !!! I love you all 
