video games on new year's < PROPFEMALE > it's pretty fun 

happy new year everyone 
Yo !!!! I'm on my way to Colorado . 
I'm Colorado and it is hot !!!!! If only it was 50 degrees here . lol 
If you want a laugh , copy this to your status and see what people rate you haha ... So what do you rate me ? [ 1]crazy [ 2]wish we went out [ 3]talkative [ 4]sarcastic [ 5]lovable [ 6]super cute [ 7]strong [ 8]dumb [ 9 ] hot [ 10]mouthy [ 11]wild ( i copied this ) [ 12)goofy [ 13]funny [ 14]awesomly awesome [ 15]amazing [ 16]beautiful ( 17 ) smart 
I got my classes all figured out . 
Worrying gets nothing done , but what else am I to do ? I wonder what will happen . 
TGIF !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Thank god the school day is over !!! 
Oh noes , I have stuff to do on a Sunday !!! 
Hello everyone !!!! 
yay !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! it's almost Friday !!!!!!!! 
TGIF !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I saw the movie about Facebook !!! It is awesome go see it !!!!! I want to know what you think ! I loved the Social Network !!! 
Today was cool , I really like talking to the people I know . 
I took the PSAT today . I was so weird I hope I did okay on it !!! D= 
I took the PSAT today . It was so weird I hope I did okay on it !!! D= 
It was a weird day . Hmmm , I wonder if tomorrow will be better-ish . 
It's friday at 10:22 P.M , do you know where your child is ? LOL 
Look at my quotes that I put on here . I <3 them . 
YES !!!!!!!!!! NO SCHOOL TOMORROW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD 
No school today !!!! 
Happy Thansgiving !!!! 
Happy Thanksgiving !!!!! 
I am sick this sucks sooooooooooo bad !!!!!!! 
I had the best birthday ever . I got on a snow board for the first time and got a new phone ! 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ryone 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone 
hey it's a Canadian holiday . yay it's Boxing day 
How can something so cute be sooo annoying ? Gosh if only < PROPFEMALE > could sleep the day away , but she is sooo adorable . 
yay school tomorrow . if only winter break was a little longer . 
I'm on facebook at school . god I love this phone 
< PROPFIRST > has stolen this amazing phone . 
It was a really long day but at least I don't have a lot of homework . although the last part of the day was actually pretty cool . I got to take two test I got pretty good grades on in JROTC . In history I got to make a complete fool of my self . I hope I got a good grag 
wii night !!!! 
I own a horse . 
note to self : do not put off reading assignment because you end up being way behind and having to read way too mant pages 
I really want to go to bed but I still have homework . D= 
not a lot of homework this weekend\ 
thank god 
I really want some soda . just putting it out there if anyone would like to make my week . =) I would greatly appreciate it . 
is wishing school day is shorter lol 
it is my big sister's birthday !!!!!! happy birthday brandi !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! • 
I fail !!!!!!!!!!!!! I am pretty sure I failed two tests . Thank god I got 100 in JROCT . 
it's my dad's birthday !!!!!! happy birthday dad it is the big 50 !!!!!!!! congratulations = D 
ugh I hate getting sick . dear people in my classes please inform me of what we did 
Monday is going to be horrible . God getting sick sucks and I better enjoy the freedom while I can . 
playing video games at a friend's house . go saturdays 
Chinese for dinner and then homework . yay no life 
I hate the bus system . I need to learn to drive . 
gosh why does this break have to end 
spring break is over and it is back to school this morning . that was my last break so let's all hope the teachers are in a good mood . 
sleep would be lovely right now . they should put nap time as an elective during the school day . 
tgif 
who knew getting ready from a dance could be so stressing 
m-i-c-k-e-y m-o-u-s-e < PROPFIRST > mouse < PROPFIRST > mouse 
dear tuesday , please don't make . me hate you . love , < PROPFEMALE > Smith 
hmmmmmmm ... seems like a nice day . hope it goes as it seems . 
I sorta dislike today 
testing all morning . wish me luck and good luck everyone taking it too . 
monday down three days of testing and friday to go . I have 2 projects and notes for homework . the joys of honors classes . 
a guy in my testing room may have invalidated my test by pulling out his phone . what was this guy thinking . I AM SOOOOO MAD !!!!!!!!!! 
if monday's get any worse I will run away to no monday land . lol yay made up lands !!!!! 
tuesday , tuesday please end soon lol 
wow this day is so boring and going from bad to worse . I'm not sure what to do . 
I hurt and god I just want to sleep . too bad that isn't gonna happen anytime soon . ={ sleep would be very nice . 
I almost don't want it to be the weekend 
I got new shoes . =D but I wish I could just get my other ones fixed . D= 
saturday night and not going to sleep until as late possible . lol only until like midnight anyway 
I would like to vote that Mondays will be banned for the rest of eternity . 
I had to ruin my pretty essay . 
there is a carwash at east high school please come and donate to jrotc program 
we washed over 100 cars and it was a long day so far . it is going to be a long weekend 
can the sick < PROPFEMALE > stop visiting me please . I would really like to not cough up a lung or sneeze myself into a coma 
my voice sounds horrible but I'm at school 
happy mother's day 
wednesday is among us oh noes but only 2 days left 
three days left until I'm out of school . omg finals are going to be killer 
two down four to go ! good luck to my fellow student with your next two tests . I am sure you will do great . 
happy summer vacation !!!! everyone have a great summer . I am going to go see pirates of the Caribbean tonight =D 
getting ready for JCLC getting issued everything =D 
no one will be able to get a hold of me until friday ttyl and have a good week 
today is a good day . Who would guess passing a test would make me this happy . I got my book for AP and tomorrow it is off to Hawaii . I am in a good mood . 
went on a jet ski and went parasailing got to love a nice warm ocean . = D 
went to the USS Arizona memorial today . it is a real awakening for those who are naïve to the enormity of < PROPFEMALE > harbor . 
snorkeling today and I wish my phone was water prof because the camera I'm using is super slow 
sun burnt but back to Alaska in one piece . =D 
Every 26 seconds , a student drops out . Do Something about it . 
1 in 3 teens will be abused in a relationship . Do Something about it ! 
my friends are crazy but I love them . <3 I'm glad < PROPFIRST > Tosi is back because life is never boring . I'm glad to be able to < PROPFEMALE > out before school starts . 
Has anyone else felt really stupid when they dropped something ? Last week I dropped my wallet in a river and that has my permit and money in it . However i was caught on a branch but I had to use the dock to grab it and i was able to get it back safely . Now to the reason I feel stupid . While I was getting my wallet I dropped something else in the river . My amazing cell phone . Why is it i didn't think of removing it from my pockets ? So if you want to get a hold of me you can't use my phone . 
I am so tempted to high light my hair with auburn however I'm not sure if it would look good or not . 
I got my new phone . =D I have yet to get it running yet but i have it . Thank you dad you rock . I love you . 
Babysitting sucks !!! That is all I need to say . 
First day of school down only a hundred and eighty some days left . Although I do have to admit that it wasn't as horrible as first anticipated , I have two more classes to see . Wish me luck 
What was I thinking ? 
Procrastination and ap classes don't mix but I'm trying 
lackadaisical : \ 
Adjective : Lacking enthusiasm and determination ; carelessly lazy . I really like this word for no reason really but I suppose it describes my mentality at the moment . 
I haven't had a day this good in a long time . It was pretty awesome but now it is on to homework . 
I'm nervous and have a lot of homework so I am trying to keep my mind clear but it isn't working 
i am so lame . I need to get something to do on a Friday . 
Yay I actually have plans for the rest of the weekend . 
I spent so much time and money shopping ... Oh god I may be a teenage girl !!! 
It is sunday and I remember that I used to have an amazing breakfast on this day . Where is my amazing breakfast ? 
Watching a horror movie ... And I get paranoid easily ... How smart is this when I have school tomorrow ? 
Oh my god I saw the strangest thing today . It was in the sky and all bright and stuff . Someone really needs to check into that lol 
I'm playing that new game Rise of Nightmares and it is predictable yet really cool !!! My friends are here playing too and this is an awesome Saturday night !!! 
