HAPPY NEW YEAR 

So freaking not ready for 3rd quarter whens our next break T.T 
I dont want to go back T.T 
Just took a five hour nap wonder how that is going to workout tomorrow 
My room feels like an illegal sweatshop . 
Just got back from helping at the alumni dinner there was a funny speaker . 
Had too much too eat and drink so hyper tomorrow morning is going to suck . 
Smushed my cupcakes on way back home :( 
Have a promising career in NASCAR if college doesn't work out :) 
UNO = AWESOME :) 
all my shows have ended for the summer :( 
Not really feeling the mountains in TN . Wish my parents would actually consult me on places I would actually like go to and do something 
made it to gatlinburg TN an hour later than planned hope my parents dont expect me to actually do anything tomorrow . 
trying to go to sleep because I have to attend breakfast with the fam in the morning but the neighbors are being obnoxious and playing loud bass music at 1AM in the morning . People suck . 
I just saw a baby bear it was so cute <3 ;) 
So freakin bored 
Have a huge bag of sour patch kids my face is so hott >.< 
Just watched ' The Devil Wears Prada ' not half bad except for all the interpersonal relations between < PROPMALE > the main character and her BF which I just fastforwarded through . 
Just found my PSP :D 
If blueberries raise your IQ I should be a super genius by now . 
Stayed up all night to finish < PROPFEMALE > Ocean 3 DISK 1 , DISK 2 is next :) 
Talking about college with either of my parents is like shooting myself in the foot . I know I shouldn't do it and its painful . 
< PROPFEMALE > Brown is being mean to me :( 
I think im becoming mildly obsessed with call of duty mw2 
My mother gave me a blood blister on my little toe it hurts T.T 
So tired for no reason 
Got two new pairs of shoes . :-D 
>:( mother needs to take a chill pill on the topic of college visits I have all summer . 
Going on a college visit today > X < Yuck . I hope it rains 
Back 
Can't wait till fourth of july party > V < 
Getting a new phone , but it won't come until Thursday at the earliest :( 
Happy Birthday to ME :) Im now 18 !!! 
Giving dog a bath . 
Looking for a employment . Does anyone know where I could get a job ? 
Dads being an ass because of my mothers argument with him , wish he wouldn't project his anger on to other people it annoys the living shit out of me . 
Going on a college visit today and the dog woke me up at the ungodly hour of 7 > O < 
I feel so bored , but not bored enough to start doing summer work XP 
I got a headache the size of Tennessee :( 
my mom needs to take a chill pill 
Going to laundry mat to learn how to wash rugs this should prove interesting . 
Finished Supersmash Bros Subspace Emissary 
Just found my gameboy advanced I feel ancient 
Does anyone know when we pick up schedules tomorrow ? 
1)AP BIO-Dougie G\ 
2)CONTEMP ISSUE-Code\ 
3)ANATOMY PHYSIO-Dougie G\ 
4)PRE CAL-Majors\ 
5)AP GOV-Grillot\ 
6)ENG- Abdon 
I found my pokemon colloseum for gamecube ! guess im not doing my summerwork till friday 
Got a new haircut lets just say its so short that the extra hair is going to locks of love 
Another day gone by another day to procrastinate from summer work 
Nothing in my AP Bio work makes sense all the questions are asking for answers not from the section at present T.T 
must get all bio work done today and english tomorrow buttloads of fun ill be having T.T 
Guess please . Topic : symbiosis question (-/-) a relationship where both dont get anything good what is this called ? 
Just out of curiosity if your somebody in AP BIO what was the theme of your packet ? my was all about ecology . 
Anyone know when I can get books and pay fees tomorrow ? 
I'd like an extension of hours in a day please there is way too much to do and too little time to do it . Why did school have to start tomorrow why ! T.T 
Do you provide a bibliography if you used information of the internet for a letter ??? ON DEMAND SENIOR WRITING 
mom just came back from vacation in michigan and brought back lots of blueberries yum :) 
So not looking forward to the week . 
Its so much cooler compared to Mr Abdon's room :) 
Home Alone this weekend so pumped Im jumping > U < 
just cleaned up dog puke :P not a good way to end the night . 
Ahh !!! just found a giant spider in my room > O < 
I had a life but then I found call of duty mw2 
Tip-toe across the floor , make a noise you get a chore 
Went canoeing with < PROPFEMALE > Brown today im exhausted , but it was very fun .!! :) 
procrastinating from doing homework , just the usual 
done with homework before 12 Im on fire ! 
going to best buy :))))) 
Bought a PS3 
Going outside to avoid actually doing something ;D 
Just had the most amazing sci-fi/action dream starring me , < PROPFEMALE > and two other guys ! 
Got all my math homework done ! 
One more day ... ugh i dont know if i can make it ... :P 
Had cordin bleu , practiced cornhole with < PROPFEMALE > Brown and finished the night with some less than stellar graphics and preformance on Call of Duty Modern Warfare pretty good night . :) 
Uggggggg !!!! So sick of college applications and how much it involves . 
Next time I try and achieve please , stop me . 
Parents don't seem to understand that the car their driving to get is my brothers I don't need his car and I have more pressing matters than filing for early enrollment at college . Hmm ... school work so I can get in to college . >:-( 
Im so talented I can burn water ! 
Don't feel like going to a UK meet next week :( 
My dog < PROPMALE > got put down today he was 14 years old :( RIP 
so tired and doesn't want to go to school . 
wishes she didn't have a math test tomorrow :( 
My mother is an awsome woman :) 
I just noticed that when you play COD MW2 on the PS3 you use your actual trigger finger to press R1 which allows you to shoot . 
Just finished COD MW2 on Veteran so exicted > O < 
WARNING : Highly infectious , spreading rapidly through the air infecting the brain , and quickly becoming quite the big problem . Procrastination kills people . Well it kills your grade and amount of sleep anyway . 
feels so out of energy . 
hitting the hay early to compensate for last night 
so bored she feels she should be crying . 
Just got a smoothie < PROPMALE > medium strawberry extreme for $4.44 Im so happy ! 
Im f'ed i dont know what to do about Abdons essay T^T 
Um I wish I would have gotten both my essays done sooner T.T 
< PROPFEMALE > Brown why haven't you been answering my texts :( 
OK people I need your help which current event should i pick TEA PARTY MOVEMENT or HEALTH CARE this is for AP Gov . conveniently due Tues . Yes , this tuesday . 
ugh so tired don't want to do anything . 
FOX NEWS : FAIR an BALANCED HA ! YEAH RIGHT 
I wish COD Black Ops was out :( 
Got my halloween costume 
Ughh Mrs. Majors why did you give us so many graphs T^T 
can't wait till halloween 
I know what I want to write but actually typing it is harder than it should be . 
A total of 2 sentences written I am on fire :) 
My life proves that an great day can rapidly degenerate in to a crappy one . 
Does anyone know what a concept map on free energy and < PROPFEMALE > G looks like ? 
i failed my comrades i failed dougie g's tissue test T^T 
Hope you feel better < PROPFEMALE > Brown 
OMG greatest news of my entire crappy week ! Ive been accepted to WKU with the assumption that I can keep my grades up . 
one more reference and I am done with this god-forsaken college report :P 
so tired Ill probably fall asleep on my cat in AP today 
I think outside is warmer than my house . 
Happy Halloween 
Sorry for lovetapping your car < PROPFEMALE > Brown 
Ready for that one day off :P 
Lucy : Guess what mom/dad I got accepted to WKU ! \ 
Mom/Dad : Really ? Thats great < PROPFEMALE > ( note false joy ) , now have you done your application for UK yet ? 
Got three games today and reserved my copy of Call of Duty Black OPs wonderful day were having . GO VOTE !! 
So don't need 2 papers due tomorrow grr ... 
has been accepted to Bellarmine !!! 
First indoor game tonight wish me luck . 
Lost the game 9-7 but I did score a goal with my left foot ! :) 
Is our rough draft in AP Bio due monday or friday hsi webpage says its due friday but its under monday . 
would genetic therapy be a valid topic for a bio paper ? 
I don't think my cozy and warm room is conducive to me actually get my hw done I think its just making me sleepier . 
Dear Bengals and Steelers , \ 
please stop interuptting my regularly scheduled programs it irks me :( 
COD BLACK OPS coming out :D 
done with campaign on COD black ops 
I'm starting to think procrastinating is a genetic trait . 
I'm never going to sleep tonight . 
My mind is so tired yet so awake from caffiene I don't even understand what im writing in my essay anymore . 
GRR why wont my internet cooperate with me today T.T 
Working hard at doing nothing 
Just saw < PROPMALE > Potter 7 PART 1 Awesomeness :) 
Ugh I feel sick 
im sick and can't concentrate this is great and I have the english paper due tomorrow :( 
I find it interesting I can never get bored and always find something else to do when I have an essay . 
frustrated with mother and her expectations . 
Happy Thanksgiving 
I'm eating a chocolate doughnut YUM :P 
Doesn't like the cold weather 
My internet works downstairs now I can play multiplayer online :) 
PS3 name is lyt2210 
mousehunt is not working T.T 
So bored and glad for it because that means i don't have any papers due :) 
Eatin sushi yum :P 
Thank god I'm passing all my classes ... as of right now anyway . 
I really want a reeses right now . 
Got all my tv channels back !!! 
It's kind of sad that my mom had more belief in us getting a delay or a day off than I did . 
so frickin tired want to take a nap during clas or school be given a delay 
Somehow I expressed interest in SOUTH WESTERN when the rep. was at HS ??? I filled out ' Not Interested ' 
I want a stocking mouse T.T 
Tried playing COD < PROPMALE > with a sketchy connection one of the hardest things to even try I ended up always cussing at my tv . 
I swear my mother must have some innate backseat driver quota because she must always comment on my inferior driving skills . 
Vindicated ! Lucy : 1 < PROPFIRST > : 0 
Was watching tribute to the troops on USA I saw this dude his name was Seamus ? Perhaps the whitest white guy I have ever seen he looked like he would contract skin cancer if he was touched by the suns rays . 
my mother rates how much I care for her based on my packaging skills ... wow . 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS 
Played multiplayer on Medal of Honor felt like my character was drunk he didn't move well . 
Just saw Tron : Legacy awesome movie I wish I lived in the Grid 
Its like three o clock and it looks like its six at night . 
I feel about as observant as blind drunk man 
Right now for me its like still late morning in my mind . 
Purple Haze has won their first match ! :) 
I can feel myself getting sick . 
I don't know what to do with my flys what if the parents make more babies . 
mom and dad are fighting Lars Whalen beware 
Found my cell phone !!! :) 
I feel like my parent flys for AP Bio are mating again and I don't know what to do should I knock them out ? 
Parents can't understand when they should just go along with what I say and leave it at that . 
Pray to the snow god to snow lots before school . 
< PROPFEMALE > Brown I forgot we have a Anatomy Phys . quiz tomorrow on cat parts we don't know !!! 
An hour delay would have been nice too . 
So tired don't think Ill do good on that Anatomy quiz . 
Got up at 8 o clock that was a good nap . 
Mrs. Majors do you loathe me this much to give me problems I don't understand . 
NOOOO I have to keep my flys all over the weekend aughhh :P 
Have a killer headache and anatomy and math test tomorrow joy . 
who leaves their dog out all night while it barks ? other people have to get sleep too 
youtube isn't working :( 
My portfolio piece is a stalker necromorph . It layed in wait till suddenly from the back it struck me and started slashing at me killing all the time I could have done it . It's due Tuesday T.T 
I hope my flies haven't procreated ... again 
Its a frickin miracle got my paper typed and printed out before midnight . 
Happy Chinese New Years 
I <3 < PROPFEMALE > Brown Thanks for the cookies ! 
Finally ordered my cap and gown I thought I was going to have an anuerism my computer was screwing with me so much . 
My dentist has been telling me to floss since 1998 
Have an english essay due I never knew I could hate the language I speak before I met Abdon 
Just enjoyed 13 hours of sleep interupted by a midnight muchie attack around midnight 
Everything I learned about trig three days ago is just gone :( 
Im so hungry for no reason at all . 
I like to round out my too short weekends with essays because thats how Highlands likes to roll 
Do you put the play's name in \qoutations\ " or underline it or italicize it ? " 
I really need to start planning to write these essays in increments instead of procrastinating 
I yield to this paper I'll take the c and be smiling for it . 
Printer decides to hate me today and hotmail decided to add to my misery I just my drop a couple of f bombs . 
< PROPFEMALE > Camara send me a message about fly project 
my kidney is dying after eating only half of the chocolate stampede 
Got a charger at Target today turns out cant use it for my old ds it only works for DSi :( 
Happy < PROPFIRST > day 
I feel sick-ish 
I sound like a pack a day smoker 
Shitty morning shaping up to being a shitty day . 
Lady Gaga was born the same day as my mother . 
