ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 

Annoyed as fuck right now 
Growing impatient 
Is enraged beyond comparison . 
Kyle : A generous , outgoing guy who goes out of his way for his friends . Can be sweet and caring towards people , he has a laid back and calm approach . Truthful , gullable , lovely and Sexy . Can be a bit of a stress head at times , can also hold grudges for a long period of time . Nice to get to know , easy to fall in love with . 
ignored for snow -_- \ " , 201 0-0 2-06 03:48:34 " 
Is saying fuck school and coming home to settle things 
Spending valentines alone again . fun fun 
Single and Hating every minute of it . Why is it that females think Males are heartless bastards , but they're the cruelest when it comes to leaving you . 
Quick ! To the Batmobile , < PROPFIRST > ! Holy Cinderblocks Batman ! Your car's been jacked ! 
Why must people keep grudges over a course of several years . I used to , but I fail to see the logic anymore . 
Funny how people are friends one day , then next they don't speak to you anymore . 
Rebel souls , Deseters we are called . Chose a gun and threw away the sword . 
The child inside hasn't died . He decided to play hide and seek , but that fucker is too good at hiding . 
Well , Already dug the hole , might as well burry myself . 
I just want to rip my heart out , stick it in a chest , weld the chest shut , attach some serious weights to it and drop it in the ring of fire . 
People fear what they don't understand ..... Is this why I am always greeted with hostility ? Well Good for me . Let the hate me :D 
What must I have these emotions ? They are pointless and make one weak . I shall build my wall again and not let it come down again . 
Stupid ass cheap plastic shit . You always break . 
Kickin ass and taking names on FFXIII . Nothing shall stand in my way ! mawhahahahahahahaha 
ah , Arrived in Grand Pulse with Behemut^^ 
Gah , I need a break . FFXIII has creatures that step on me xD I can't get away from being short can I ?! lmao 
Ah , I simply love the first spring rain . Helps me sort through my mind . All I need now is some alone time and I think everything will once again return to normal . 
Live by the Sword , die by the sword . 
Is tired of hearing about Zombies .... Like there isn ; t enough mindless people around , we have to pretend to be mindless ? Enough zombies , get with the wolves . At least they can hunt correctly :D 
Building a base for a potential business isn't all that hard :D just have to know the right guys to get you in with the farmers^^ 
Thine eyes of emeral , With lips of < PROPFEMALE > . Hair of gold and skin of Dimond . Thy heart of saphire and soul of Onyx . Whom ever is chosen Shall be the richest of all . 
Yes , mythical creatures stem from human persona and the zombie persona just proves that when in a group , people lose their sense to think rationally and will destroy everything eventually . 
Highlight of my day ? Polished my boots . WOot ! 
In the end we all are just chalk lines drawn on the concrete only to be erased . 
GAH ! I hate giving advice when they don't want to heed it . They think they know better than someone who has been through it before . -_- \ I'm done . " 
One word today . Dumbass 
* bangs head on keyboard * Damn Asura realm is kicking my ass . I just defeated the char and Norn in less than 3 hours but these damn creepers are kicking my ass ! 
GAH , 358mb update for vista ... wtf are they fucking with now ?! 
Decent day . Didn't get to see my friend as planned , but rode quads with another instead . 
Tired of this life . Damn being single and those who caused it ! 
Hoping to meet someone soon to make me forget her completely . 
\Never shall innocent blood be shed . Yet the blood of the wicked shall flow like a river . The three shall spread their blackened wings and be the vengeaful striking hammer of god . \"" 
If one more person says happy birthday to me I'll have their liver with faver beans 
Haha ! I has my tattoo ... < PROPFEMALE > needs finished 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nyU73qpcKJQ 
Good day today . Played baseball and accidently broke < PROPFIRST>'s phone in a linedrive ... Ah well 
Mmm ... very very good day^^ 
Sleeeeeeeep 
ok ... 2 hours sleep and back up for more 
Yes ! Job interview tomorrow mornin for welding job ! MIG and TIG ! 
My day started out really fucking good , not so much anymore . Waiting on a friend to get on to talk to . 
Yes ! I now have my paper and pens again . Time to get artsy with names . 
Gah ! Woke up this morning to being bitched at . WTF man . now I come home to the hostility . This had ought to be a good night . 
How is it that knot braiding hemp takes over 6 feet to end with 3 feet of braid ? 
\Eat your cerial with a fork and do your home work in the dark \"-- HHH " 
time to get the stuff for mead . I have the Stein for it^^ 
Off to bed . run errands for mom , go see grace and head across to sullivan for the weekend . Maybe goin to a castle sunday . We'll see . 
Ever fought sleep just to talk to someone ? Ever thought you couldn't do something then did ? Ever found someone who will accept you for who you are exactly , no string or stipulations ? 
If man does find the solution for world peace it will be the most revolutionary reversal of his record we have ever known . - < PROPFIRST > C . < PROPFIRST > 
is not happy . just shattered a sword . 
Hates it when good days go to shit . Is now making some flat bread . * crosses fingers 
Woo hoo ! Moving right along on MAG ! 
Sleepy Hollow , Book , Pizza , and Silence . Damn near a perfect day . 
We fired our canon until our barrel melted down so we grabbed an alligator and fought another round 
Witch , do this for me : Find me a < PROPFEMALE > made of longing . Then cut it sliver thin , and having cut it , < PROPFEMALE > it high above my beloved's house , so that she may look up tonight and see it , and seeing it , sigh for me , < PROPFEMALE > or no < PROPFEMALE > . - < PROPFIRST > Carrion . 
Is wanting to start a loose knit medieval based re-enactment group thing . :D Who needs a renfest to walk around in breeches and a cloak ? 
WOOT ! Exaliber and a spanish broad sword to add to collection :D 
God I feel like shit . I guess calling and harrassing people isn't in my nature . 
Yes ! Employed in my field at long last ! 
mmhhhmmm ... up at 5 to go to work ... damn this is begining to get real 
All work and no play .... wait .. my work is play ! Damn robots 
So far , so good . Work is workin out lol . Get paid weekly .. sweetness 
Working full time and coming home to fix things ... god damn good thing I have no kids to deal with . HTF did the parentals do this shit ? 
Two false scimitars+ one true scimitar+ one bastard sword+ one jester broad+ 2 spanish swords+ one double bladed midhandle + one defender of the dark = one hell of a start 
fuck the weather -_- I love rain as much as the next guy , but on the day of a grad party -_- 
second cloak to be made . Fur outside with forestry brown interior ... reversable ? maybe ... 
hmmm ... Cloak half done . now need to make lining ... fuck ... glad for surgers ! 
Tizona ? Spanish version of the excaliber ? How the hell do I aquire these blades of legend ? 
Cloak . is it 3/4 done or 2/3 ? I have no idea , but I'm being made to go to bed .... 
Finally ! Furry cloak done . lol ... now for scout II project :D 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > replica blade fails at being a true claymore . more the size and weight of a medium broadsword . 
Just messed with < PROPFEMALE > . She is an unbroke mule that we caught and saddled within an hour . she is so easy goin^^ 
NIGHTMARE ! 
spooky mules and gravel don't mix well . Poor < PROPFEMALE > went down and got scraped up . 
There's just one thing I wanna know . How's that damn three sea-shell thing work ? 
New belt , yes ! New wolf belt , even better ! New wolf belt with wolf Buckle , Excellent ! 
WTF is up with crappy movie endings in cool movies ?! 
Can I do anything right this week ? NO ! Didn't think so . Shut up . Ok 
It'd be a boring life to know everything because everything would cease to amaze you and you'd never know what it islike to wonder . It is the < PROPMALE > that is most important in life . Though we may accomplish alot in our short lives , humans will alway shave adrive to discover more . I am glad I shall never seethe day when man has nothing more to discover but his own ignorance in knowledge . 
Nothing like nearly slitting your calve open to tell you that you're out of practice in exercise 
Feeling like a stranger at home now 
needs a non-dead end job 
Time for another night's sleep that isn\tlong enough . " 
Freedom is a lie , for with freedom comes responsability , which in turn ties us all down . 
Hates purdue pedestrians 
Listening to The Witcher sound track 
Rottweiller !!!! 
I hate getting pissed off at nothing . 
new job needed ? Yes , I think so . 
4 9s and an 8 , FUCK this shit 
So long Loki , back to his real home 
Has lost his phone .... somewhere in the drive ..... 
Is looking for a sparring partner . Will provide a spanish tazona for use . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N8ywUxqfesg 
RE : Afterlife less than 24hours from now ! 
Re : afterlife at 5 
BOred as fuck ... no one online 
WHERE ARE ALL THE < PROPMALE > TEACHING SCHOOLS ?! 
misplaced my life on hard drive ... 
Sword fights !! Gotta get printer w/ scanner running to load them 
Early morning riverbed sword fight ? YES ! 
Damn rookie cut my finger open . * dulls sword 
Just loves when friends decide to be petty and end friendships over stupid ass shit . 
Sometimes I wonder why I even bother . 
Good weekend . Met good ppls . 
You should not drink and Bake 
OK , netflix has D . Gray-man in english ... I'm in trouble . Plus rain sucks when you have plans to work outside 
everytime I try , it gets shot right back in my face . Why bother ? 
FINALLY ! Got everything done for my English class for once ! 
Crowded streets are cleared away , one by by one , Hollow heros seperate as they run . 
T-bone steak , baked potato , really full stomach . 
Blood thirsty little beasts . Never trust a duck . 
Really needs someone to spar with . Got too much pent up issues that call for a physical outlet ... 
I hate scholarly journals and all their fancy smancy shit . Why doesn't any scholarlary journal have articles over multiple personality disorder or even psychophrenia ?! I need a good topic to write a paper about by 5 this evening so I can write my paper by midnight ! DAMN YOU JOURNALS ! 
rain !!! 
WTF ?! Halloween is the 31st ! Not the 30th ! Don't wish anyone a happy halloween the day before ! Do you celebrate Christmas a day early simply cause its on Sunday ? NO ! 
Nothing like a mule ride at night to stretch those tense lower back muslces . It was refreshing even if I did spend have the time spining in circles lol :D 
Growing tired of the feeling of being ignored . 
Has his HP7 ticket for midnight ! 
off to see the movie ! 
Late night forging a warped sword back into shape 
ever felt like someone is purposely not telling you something ? 
wow , Haven't really been on here lately and it funny what goes on when I'm not . I don't even have any plans to start getting on much more either hahahaha 
On a hot summer night , would you offer your throat to the wolf with the red roses ? 
YAY for books for school 
The secret side of me , the side I never let you see . I keep it caged but I can't control it . So stay away from me , the beast is ugly . I feel the rage and I just can't hold it . 
Sing once again with me , our strange duet . My power over you grows stronger yet . And though you'll turn from me , to glance behind ! 
Nothing like NFL ... and it has nothing to do with football 
Pay it Forward in 2011 : I promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment here . They must , in turn , post this and send something they make to the first 5 people who comment on their status . The rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 . 
why is it so hot in here ?!?!?!?!?! Oh , maybe its caus eof the fire ... heheheh . Gotta love wood stoves heating powers 
I just got a lot of metal fo $10 . I love my connections . 
Should probably be asleep but is refusing to 
Damn hickory is a bitch to split ! 
Thunderstorms+Tin roof = Loud damn noise at night = little sleep . 
so ... Bored enough to be making weapons out of pretzels .... 
so , new mule in today and my plants are sprouting from the dirt . looks like it gonna be a good day tator . 
hell yeah , My zombie apocolypse group would be good . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Stanifer\ 
< PROPFEMALE > Howard\ 
< PROPFIRST > Whitehead\ 
Mckensie Timms \ 
Tesa Keen . \ 
\ 
2 cheerleaders , one sister , a friend , and an Ashes ! Can anyone say mass destruction with extreme flexability ? 
KOA is awesome . Some wicked blades for really nice prices ! Thanks to Mr. < PROPMALE > and Forge for enlightening me of their presence . 
So , I'm looking to make a single post pavilion . now for the hardest part . figuring a canvas cut list 
Is going to pick up his new ( used ) anvil tomorrow morning and then set-up a plasma cutter for a new friend afterwards . :D Kickass day 
When one door slams shut in your face , Check you nose to see if its broken before looking for a window to break into . 
So , now I have two small holes in my scalp from a flying lesson . :D Why do I find this ammusing . maybe its the head ache 
well , Now I have the hair of a celt after a run in with their first lye experiance :P 
nothing like making use of a nice day to burn wood debris and make it feel like its 100 degrees out :D 
Joy oh joy ... Paintball plus humidity equals poor vision 
Follow the 3 essentials . 1 : Confront it . 2 : Be truthful . and 3 : Sleep with your back against the walls 
Well , for 27 bucks , I got a lifetime warrenttied blacksmithing hammer and tacking hammer ... 
Anybody got some Tartan fabric lay about ? LMAO . That shit is like gold ! 
Off to see the blacksmith ... Because because because , the wonderful fires :D 
Is growing really pissed off at my ebay purchase . 
in the process of sketching out my helm for reenactment . side view is done in ink . :D 
ever had one of those moments where you're reading about how to do something and you want to put the book down and go do it ? Yeah , I have one of those now and I am royally irked cause I can't . 
I love being a grad from a welding class . Just got my materials for my helm ! 
So , now I have a few damn good books over blacksmithing and the pattern-welded blades ... one problem .. still waiting on my damn FORGE ! 
so far my day has been very disappointing . 
It has arrived ! 
So , Spent about an hour hammering a piece of high-carbon steel into the blank of a knife and the arm I use to hold the tongs is whats sore ... WTF 
