KICK BACK AT MANNY'S SATURDAY NIGHT ! NO BRO HOES ! 

KICKBACK AT CEASE'S SATURDAY NIGHT AT 9 . NO BRO HOES ! 
< PROPMALE>'s was fun . No hangover ! It's beautiful . 
Sledding in Strawberry on Monday 
Tired from the snow . ZZZZ . Was fun but next time we hit the big slopes so we don't walk through the woods for about a mile . 
Last night was a blast ! Surfer on acid is some strong stuff . Happy 2011 ! 
Time to board to work . 
Off to work we go . 
Was that a suprise or WHAT ! 
I miss my hair . My head is turning faster than I am used to because of all the lost weight ! 
I need a good haircut . Not one that makes me sad . 
I got white hair baby ! 
Tired tired tired . Was asleep from 6- 9:30 am and 11am-1pm . Today was a long day and Manny was there most of it . hahaha 
Was at supercross . RAARRAAA ! That was an bike engine ... 
Spent 300 for school ... AAAARRRRR ! 
Another virus sent to its grave ! I rock . 
A tornado would be fun ! 
Shopping for cigars after buying a humidor . I'm definitely getting some before vegas closer to the end of march ! 
I ... am not ... a w **** . 
Man , I want another weekend !!! 
2 episodes and a movie away from finishing Full Metal Alchemist 
You say you want a revolution well , we all wanna change the world . 
Ich habe been studiren Deutsch fur funf uhrs . 5 HOURS TODAY ! UGHOHUGHO ! Now my grammar is broken . 
This weekend will be awesome . Not because I get to do things but because I don't have to do anything . yay .... 
Go to urbandictionary.com,type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status and the entry for your comments 
If I do have fun tonight it will only be for a tee bit . The night is young at 10 . 
Not doing anything fun because of you Kohl's! 
Lasertag Saturday night at 8 at Stratum . EVERYONE IS INVITED ! 
Who wants to celebrate tonight ? Celebrate that we made it through the week without strangling anyone . =D 
I don't mind rain . I just don't like rusted bearings from boarding in the rain . 
At ASU under a covered patio , watching it pour . Can see my breath . Hole in shoe + wet ground = FUCK ! 
YEAH ! Just finished typing up my paper on Amusement parks in late 19th century Europe . 
Eating at < PROPMALE>'s Dog House . Come by if you are in the neighborhood ! 
Glad the effers in Cancun don't have service . No more rubbing it in for you pricks . 
Thursday's agenda : Relax . I'm on vacation . 
21 in a week ! 
How come you always feel better when you stay home sick from school ? 
Having fun at 21 . 
Thanks to all who wished me a happy birthday , whether it was over the phone , on my wall , or face to face ! 
3 days til liftoff 
digging my hair do today . 
22 and a half hours 
OWF ! 
This week went by fast . Thank god . 
KICKBACK SATURDAY 10PM AT CESARS . 
I'm sorry everyone ! There will be NO kickback tonight ( I already let out all my anguish listening to Nirvana ) . < PROPMALE > wants to relax . But everyone is invited to LASER TAG ! It'll be at Laser Quest tonight ( I get off of work at 10 so that's when I'm going)- 2035 s < PROPFEMALE > School Rd mesa AZ . Hope to see you there ! 
She'll come back and fire to burn all the liars . Leave a blanket of ash on the ground . 
Bought an acoustic guitar ! Will bring it camping along with the one I'm blowing up . 
Why are we in Afghanistan shooting up civilians in raids and convoy checkpoints ? Terroists have guns , civilians don't . You have no honor killing innocent people . 
I was at school from 9:15 - 8:15 today . OWWFF . 
I wish I had a stalker . Then I wouldn't be lonely ! -(future lyrics for a future song in my future band ) 
Why do they call Sundays days of rest when all you do is effing work ? 
Somewhere out , < PROPFIRST > is smoking it up . 
Human suffering anywhere concerns men and women everywhere . -Elie Wiesel 
Getting pictures for my presentation on Female Genital Cutting/Mutilation while eating leftover subway . I don't lose my appetite , my appetite loses to me ! 
Even my imaginary friends hate me . 
My paper is making me miserable . So bad that Kohl's is like an escape . Less than a week ... less than a week . 
CAMPING ! CAMPING ! CAMPING ! 
Studied from 10AM when I woke up , to 11:30 PM . I got to wake up at 5:30 . Camping is the only thing preventing me from killing myself . 
Studied from 10AM when I woke up , to 11:30 PM . I got to wake up at 5:30 . 
Too much fun this weekend . Just too much fun . 
SCHOOL'S OUT 
Those who study and work hard during the school year , get to party hard during the summer . It's only fair . =) 
These times are confusing . I'll drink to that . 
SUMMER 2010 will be awesome 
I'll come back as fire and burn the liar . Leave a blanket of ash on the ground . 
Obey me Pikachu , before i slap you ! 
Cigar and rum tomorrow night . 
Last night was fun ! PUSH ME AND THEN JUST TOUCH ME TIL I CAN GET MY SATISFACTION 
One time , this guy handed me a picture of him , he said , ' Here's a picture of me when I was younger . ' Every picture is of you when you were younger . - < PROPMALE > Hedberg 
I got to take my air guitar to the shop . I think its missing a couple of strings . 
Thursday-Get together at Alyssa's\ 
Friday- Kickback ( place TBD)\ 
Saturday- PARTY with AC and his co-workers and then come back to another party/kickback\ 
Sunday- River\ 
\ 
You can't have too much fun . 
Hi ho hi ho it's off to work i go . In towels and toys , in rugs and boys . Hi ho hi ho hi ho hi ho . 
AC , Manny , and I had fun at that party last night . Me and Manny tore it up on karaoke ! 
There was a bird in my house a couple of hours ago ! Had to < PROPMALE > it out before the cats found it . 
Oh man , Friday and Saturday were pretty good ! 
So daleina wants a facebook war ? STUPID ! 
All you need is water balloons and cake to have a good time . =) 
Watching Sandlot . 
I'm burnt but not burntout . Time to party . 
Happy to be sad . Sad to be happy . 
I worked from 5:30 to noon this morning and I got an overnight tonight from 9:30 PM-6AM . Oh damn . 
To work . See ya . 
It's been 19 years of me dealing with you < PROPFIRST > ! 
Friends make the most boring things fun . 
GEEZ I've seen you a lot lately . I'm sick of you . So what are you doing tomorrow ? We should < PROPFEMALE > out . haha 
Got Brave Little Toaster off of Amazon . Needed the upgrade to DVD since I have worn the crap out of my VHS . 
Not everybody is working for the weekend . People at Kohl's just work until we get a day off . 
I fell down the stairs . 
Why am I still up ? BTW it is sooooo hard ty[pingg right now . you have no clue ! 
Gotta wake up at 6:40 . It was either go to bed after work at 11 , or go to the kickback at < PROPMALE>'s . Guess what i picked . 
I-AM NOT-A WHORE . 
Insomnia- I think I have it . 
Don't deny it < PROPFEMALE > . ME AND MANNY ARE SEXY BEASTS ! 
One month from now it'll be all over . I got cali at least . 
Oh boy . What a night . 
Reily , you cost me 72 bucks haha ! oh well . 
Mental conseling , doc ? You want me to go through mental conseling ? 
Despicable Me in 3D- I liked it . 
CASINO 2NIGHT w/ manny and AC . 
California in less than 10 days . OH RIGHT ! 
WHy can't I go to sleep !!!? 
So I worked early ass morning with zero hours of sleep and slept most of the day . Now I am nocturnal . 
It just dawned on me . Mormons are tough SOB's . No drinking , no sex b4 marriage , and you have to bike in dress clothes in the 120 degree heat ! 
I'm probably gonna have trouble sleeping . Anyone , wanna < PROPFEMALE > out tonight ? 
ima gonna get me hair braided in california . 
California was awesome . I felt so at home there it was disturbing . 
I'd rather be hated for who I am , than loved for who I am not . - < PROPMALE > Cobain 
Great Futurama : Lethal Inspection . So glad futurama is back ! 
people stay together because of loneliness , not loyalty . 
Vegas possibly this weekend ? 
After Vegas , the ride home , and the overnight , I think i'm gonna go to sleep . 
Vodka+Coke+Cool Friends ( not in person , but oh well)+Great Music = Happiness 
I think it's easier to survive without money than it is without friends . 
Who's down for the meteor shower August 11th/12th ? 
Had more fun friday night/saturday morning with < PROPMALE > after 8 and a half hour shift . Hopped from bar to my backyard . 
Broke even last night at casino arizona ! The guy next to me hit on 2 Aces ! IDIOT ! 
Go see Inception . Great movie that screws with your mind by the time you walk out the theater . 
Glad i don't have a car to sticky note . 
Go outside and look at the stars ! 
Manetine's date tonight . Some lucky girls have 2 sexy dates . 
Missing you two ! 
We're coming to save you girls from despair and surrealness ! Let's roll Manny . 
Life is beautiful and ugly . Lovely and lonely . Happy and depressing . 
stupid phone ! I hate being one of those people . 
I'm a smooth operator that only the greatest girls call ; ) 
waiting for my class at ASU . 3 Hours ! 
I'm flipping a coin :\ 
Dana : Heads\ 
Cassie : Tails\ 
It landed on its side so I'll have to take em both . You know its hard being loved this much . 
my throat hurts from all the singing . 
good night . 
ASU = HeyO central . 
ever feel like the repeat button to your daily life is jammed ? Just once i'd like to break out , maybe run through campus naked with a sign on my butt that reads , \HEYO \"." 
HEYO ! 
School and work make your life feel like a merry-go-round , while friends make it a roller coaster ride . 
You dreamt that you ate brownies off my what ?! 
WEEKEND , WEEKEND , WEEKEND ! YEAH !!! 
Sundays just remind you of all the stuff you failed to complete on friday and saturday . Better get cracking on my < PROPMALE > dating ad . HALLO , FRAUEN ! 
[ INSERT MEANINGFUL UPDATE HERE ] 
I haven't slept for ten days , because that would be too long . - < PROPMALE > Hedberg 
I feel like its groundhog's day all the time . I should commit some crimes spend the night in jail and wake up in my bed and start the same day over again . 
I raped half of my essay exam so far . =D 
If poetry is the key to a woman's heart , then alcohol is the key to her pants . 
Sunsplash lifeguards can't hit on me cuz its closed today . =( 
I'll forever be stuck in the shadow . Know matter what . My lantern is out of gas . 
After work , I went to the park and watched the sun rise . It was nice . Well , GOODNIGHT ! ZZZZZ 
Auf Wiedersehen , meine Liebe ! 
Deutsch , Mutter Ficker . Sprichst du es ? 
HELL YEAH RAIN ! 
Today was TOO long ! 
Me and the boys gonna drink tomorrow after school ya hear ? 
hit 3 bars , now its naptime because i gots an overnight 
My sad dream is making my whole day gloomy . What else is new . 
It isn't oktoberfest til : \ 
1 ) I get drunk enough to drink beer . \ 
2 ) Manny does his mexican dance moves to polka . \ 
3 ) < PROPMALE > pukes his bratwurst into a tuba . 
This weekend was great . Sucks that it's over ! 
My life is running way too smoothly . It's unsettleling . 
This weekend was brutal ! Mill and < PROPFIRST>'s . 
I LOVE < PROPFEMALE > Oberman ! Yes , I just announced it to the small world of mine . 
OCT 29th will be a hell of a good time ! 
Party on < PROPMALE > ! 
Dear God , I hate your fish-killing ass . Love , < PROPFIRST > 
Supergluing your peehole would be the worst torture ever ! 
Super crazy sleep cycle but this weekend was still great ! 
I beat Fable III in 3 days ! FUCK ! 
Do you hate love or love hate ? 
Faith is just an excuse for not looking . 
Our government should help the people . Corporations need to stay the hell out of government . Corporations don't care about people . 
I'm happy to be sad because it's sad when i'm happy . 
So why is everyone changing their profile pic to cartoons ? Oh you guys are sheep following the herd ! 
Almost another semester down . ALMOST ! 
I don't shave not because I'm lazy , but because i'm an anti-hero . 
Done with the semester 100% . oh yeah ! 
My grandma wants to get my mom a shake weight ! The handjob trainer ! 
All I wanna do is zoom a zoom zoom zoom and a boom boom . 
< PROPMALE > and Coltrane , that's jazz for all you idiots who listen to Top Hits channels . 
I salute all the people who go to work even with a hangover . Calling out is for lightweights ! 
Go in the rain if you want to cry . It makes tears seem less significant . 
I'm going to dance here and if you want , you can pretend that you're dancing with me . -Commander Shepard's pick up line in the club ( Mass Effect 2 ) 
I feel all high tech and shit with my new Android . 
< PROPFEMALE > Jam vs . Nirvana . Who wins ? 
It's colder here than out east ! 
Why are there jelly beans in my coat pocket ? 
I'm raising awareness about my friend < PROPFEMALE > and her addiction . She suffers from Facebook addiction . Like this update and together we can hold an intervention 
Hiking a peak + boarding to and from work + work + drinking + walking while drunk = Yeah , I'm tired . 
Watching mr. Bean episodes . 
Took a 2 hour nap and had this awesome dream of a trip/party ! We went rafting downriver on ... horses ... and partied at my ex-roomate's parents ' cottage somewhere in Cuba with his friends and our usual crew . There was also a lot of twins there for some reason ... 
Best hiding spot ... OUTER SPACE ! that is if your seekers are not rocket scientists ... then you hide on the top shelf of the bathroom closet and you cover yourself with a bed sheet haha . 
\Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Jr. " 
first day of school was horrible today ... all my classes were canceled ! And then I found out it was MLK Jr. day . 
Knowledge is sexy . Why else could I be getting a hard on during lectures ? 
This library is dead in the morning . Like there is no one on this floor , damn somebody just sat down . I have a new rival ! 
Probably going to Thailand this summer ... now I just need to learn how to act like I am well educated in Urban Planning . First , I'll check the definition . TO DICTIONARY . COM ! 
Psychiatrist : You have Hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia . \ 
Patient : What's Hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia ? \ 
Psychiatrist : Hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia is the fear of long words . \ 
Patient : oh ... AHHHHHHH NOOO !!!! 
Jai guru deva om\ 
Nothing's gonna change my world 
Only one year left and I'll be a grad working around the world . Kinda makes me sad how fast time goes by . It felt like I just graduated high school . 
To the beaches of Krabi , Thailand this summer ! 
My father was of the sky . My mother was of the earth . I am of the universe . 
Had a dream I was making out with < PROPFIRST > lohan before she stole a necklace . 
So there's this dude in the library sleeptalking . Should I wake him up so he doesn't embarrass himself or do I laugh and listen with other patrons ? 
Snowboard Rental + Deposit + Clothes for snow + Slope Pass = Yeah , I ain't going snowboarding >:( 
Ugh ... I'm a really fast snowboarder who can go from 35 to 0 in 1 second flat . It's called wiping out and I did it spectacularly . 
Popped out the screen to my closet window last night , now I can chill on the small roof area above the front patio . And its hidden by trees too ! 
I feel sorry for you if you thought fox news was reliable . 
Killed the malware on my dad's computer . Anybody have some viruses on their computer . I'll slay em for $ . 
Just chilling on my roof with a honeyberry backwoods . 
Everything in school is going to well ... its scary . 
Gotta a couple hours while the rest of the group goes to a boxing match . Creeping solo to check and see if there's cuties in the cuzzi . 
Vegas should be paying ME $$$ for visiting ! 
Death toll in Japan is up to 2,722 now according to NY times . 400,000 people are living in make shift shelters . My sympathies go out to everyone affected . 
Carne asada tacos and horchato at rancho market . I'm full . 
Bought my tickets today ! Leave for Bangkok on May 19th . Fly back July 11th from Ho < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > City in Vietnam . I'll also be in Cambodia . Teaching English to monks , learning Muay Thai , chilling on islands , boating down rivers , etc . Compare your summer to mine and kill yourself ! MUHAHA 
Thank you for everybody who came to the party last night ! It was a blast ! 
Like to thank everyone who wished me a happy birthday ! Felt the love ! 
Ideas for my dystopian adventure story are coming together a lot faster than before . I have half a rough chapter done as well a protagonist backstory . 
Walking around ASU without shoes is easy until you get blisters . Have I been taking my shoes for granted ? Yup . Feel Like a person in a 3rd world country . 
