I am currently contemplating the great mysteries of life . Just got finished with the meaning ... huh , oh well time to move on to pie . 

The ultimate redundincy for a cristian like me is that God put me here for two reasons , and that one of them is finding out the other one . Very funny , God . 
I know this is the internet , but dispite that please forgive the typoes , mispellings and gramatical errors . I know not what I do . 
the mind is and an incredible oxymoron , the most advanced computer on the planet , yet the one inside my fathers head cannot figure out how to set a digital watch . 
my mother just asked me what a blog is . i dont know what a blog is . It sounds rather ugly though so i will try and avoid it 
watched Hamlet with < PROPMALE > Hawke , it was awsome , but the took the grave robber scene out , curse you < PROPFIRST > Jole !!! 
i think that one of my younger cast members for the summer play has a crush on me . its getting a litttle anoying , and creepy . what is it about me that makes people follow me everywhere ? 
been working 15 hour days , 5 teaching at slocum house , the other 10 at the theatre . < PROPFIRST > is about to go out of his freeking mind !!! someone needs to take < PROPFIRST > out before he leaves to college on the 14th so he can have some fun . < PROPFIRST > is taking in the third pe 
It's raining in Pullman . It's Saturday morning , and despite all the reveling in freedom over the past few days , all I want right now is to hug my mom , play my guitar , and see a face from home . 
Gonna go on a date today . This should prove interesting . Shes pretty forward though , so at least we'll get along . 
I listend to the killers for 3 hours today . favprite song : Mr. Brightside . Music video based off of the Moulin Rouge . 
Don't think it's goin to work out with < PROPFEMALE > . Just to normal for my taste . oh well , plenty of girls left right ? 
SO PHYCHED FOR THIS WEEKEND ! I'll get my guitar and go to the football game . 
Did'nt get a part in Dracula . Sad face . But I have not given up hope . I intend to continue auditioning for plays till I get a part . I also might do tech for it . 
to those of you who play mafia wars with me , i am sorry i have not been keeping up . busy , you know . however , i am once again play judiciously , and would appriciate someone promoting me to wheel man . Help me , help you . 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > left Pullman this morning . Sad face . Oh well , I'm coming down for thanksgiving . 
I got a part in a play !!! Its called the resurectionist . My character is Roach , an undead grave robber , and the main villan in the story . 
working on monolouges for six hours , a little bit of my soul , not getting in to the play , 49% of my soul , being in a student one act festival with some of the best freinds i'll ever make , priceless . 
i'll never understand human behavior . 
I have lost 30 pounds in the last 3 weeks , and my pants are now 3 sizes to big . this is the result of being a poor as heck college student and therefore eating one meal a day . To my freinds who are still in highschool , eat while you can ! 
Had to watch < PROPMALE > jr. for 5 minutes . Am now thoroughly convinced it makes children dumber . Don't let your kids watch this stuff . Please . 
F**k math . 
\The quality of mercy hath not strained . It dropeth like gentle rain from heaven . \"" 
\Alas poor Yorik . I knew him Horatio . Twas a fellow of infinite jest . \"" 
knows its probably for the best , but sometimes really wish there was a dislike option for comments on face book . 
I guess I can change my profile picture now . 
was just playing guitar , minding his own business when he got mobbed by chinese exchange students . What started out as a recreatonal activity turned in to a photoshoot . I love the chinese . 
Just two more weeks . 
ahh , the rainy morning remainds me of home . 
one of my tonsils is missing . i have never had them removed and now my right tonsil is just gone . i am freaking out 
is sick . :( 
six more days till home 
3 hours of diligent packing , and im less than half way there . I hate packing . 
My last night in Pullman for a few months . 
Saw Iron Man 2 just now with my Pullman family . It was awsome ! I'm really gonna miss you guys . See you this fall . 
its good to be back . 
can now do 102 crunches in one sitting . :) 
Had an awsome birthday with his freinds , thanks guys :) 
is turning nocternal and has to stop . I wake up at the crack of 1 now . 
Got the basement room for next year . Yay ! It's the only room in the dorm that is'nt boiling hot in the summer . 
It's hot out side . 
Has not seen another human being other than his parents , and three freinds and a banker in two months . I am about to go crazy . Please , if you are in or near vancouver , and are my freind , come talk to me ! every shred of humanity i have is being whitled away . 
just realized how incedibly biased the comments on youtube are . there is not one comment that is a ginuine reveiw of the video . come on people , green day is not the best band in history , and even if they were , \wake me up when september ends\ " is not thier most telling piece . " 
wow . the music videos for boulevard of broken dreams , and aint no rest for the wicked are virtually identical . curse you cage the elephant ! 
life ... 
every one is talking about it , so I might as well ask . Should i watch inception ? 
eleven days till Pullman !!! 
2:45 , still hot an humid in the room . death to weather . 
has been living off of pickles for two days now . Ah to be poor . 
should have learned rock songs a long time ago . They're so fun ! 
just did cardio . i hate cardio . it must be good for me . 
my friend says hes on a hunger strike . he says he wont eat anything till he's hungry . 
Is finally settled in to his new room . Yay ! 
\How do I know your not just a figment of my imagination ? \ " \ 
just listened to the offspring for the first time . I enjoyed it . It's not Mozart , but I enjoyed it . 
8 o'clock ... still adapting to morning . 
listening to 90's punk music . Ah , I missed the angst . 
likes how the pictures for the Cristian relationship finder look like sluts 
Shut Up Pandora , I do not like three doors down , stop putting their songs on my station ! 
Just passed the RSO Officer test . 
life plan . Graduate , join the french foreign legion , become a deep sea fisherman , go to Ireland and teach . Write a book about it all . The book will be hated in it's time , but after I'm dead it will really sell . Proceeds after I'm gone will go to college and high school theater programs in Washington state . BOOM ! Theater program saved . Next , the nigh impossible task of six degrees to < PROPFIRST > Bacon , with < PROPMALE > Presley . 
eating goldfish , and playing civilization 4 . Oh yeah . 
is in training for six degrees to < PROPFIRST > Bacon . It would help me out if you could all just name one actor or actress off the top of your head to help me practice . Yes , I am this bored . 
I think it's a little creepy when Facebook calls me by name . It just reminds me that not only my friends know stuff about me through it , but it dose to . 
Well , I am now officially an ordained minister . If anyone wants to get married or confess to me , I'm ready to go ! No lie . 
home now , awesome night with friends . good night . 
my roommates alarm clock literally sounds like someone flat lining . 
Is as red as a tomato . Pain . I mean , I know that we depend on the sun for virtually everything , but seriously , dose it have to be such a jerk about it . It's like that guy whose happy to do you favors , as long as he gets to kick you in the crotch . 
so excited for the first day of classes . 
FREE Nuthouse tonight !! Show starts at 8 pm , Jones Theater in Daggy Hall ! Hope to see you there ! 
listening to death cab for cutie . It's been to long . 
camp out for call backs ! starts at 7:30 , but goes till we know . I'm bringing snacks ! Characters welcome . 
Good morning everyone ! 
I'm Hyde 2 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Yes !!!!!!!!!!!! I love everyone !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
40 songs in 4 chords . curse you . yes i can now play more hit songs than i thought possible , but it makes everything so unoriginal . 
Our\ 
father , who < PROPMALE > in M < PROPMALE > en , much shouted be thy name , thy offense run , \ 
thy defense stun , at home as it does on the road . Give us this our \ 
saturday win , and forgive us our interferences as we forgive those who \ 
interfere upon us . Lead us not into a safety , but deliver us to the \ 
endzone , for your's is the reception , the touchdown , and the victory , \ 
forever and ever , amen . 
I have begun crafting hyde 2 . No grave digging this time , I promise . 
is tired . 
fun night . good times . now bed . 
today is a good day . Good sun , good breakfast , and THE FIRST REHEARSAL ! Yeah ! 
tired . 
looks like a < PROPMALE > today . 
my roomate has the most ungodly alarm on the planet . It's like a corus of hell babies tearing through an eardrum with a curtain < PROPMALE > , while < PROPMALE > Beck preforms the slavonic dances using only a rubberband and his contempt for all that is good in the world . 
Waking up in the green room is loneley . The only people to comfort me are the janitors by the couch staring at m- Oh my God ! 
Our Father , who < PROPMALE > in M < PROPMALE > in , much shouted be thy name , thy offense run , thy defense stun , at home as it does on the road . Give us this , our Saturday win , and forgive us our penalties as we forgive those who penalize upon us , and lead us not unto false st < PROPMALE > s , but deliver us intothe end-zone , for yours is the reception , the touchdown ..., and the victory , forever and ever , Amen . 
Good morning ! :) 
Can't find my backpack anywhere . If anyone in Daggy sees a black backpack with skulls on it , please let me have it . I will be your servant for a day . 
After weeks of avoiding it , I am finnaly sick . Curses . 
I got cast in NUTHOUSE !!!!!!! :) 
Our Father , who < PROPMALE > in M < PROPMALE > in , much shouted be thy name , thy offense run , thy defense stun , at home as it does on the road . Give us this , our Saturday win , and forgive us our interferences , as we forgive those who interfere upon us , and lead us not into false st < PROPMALE > s , but deliver us into the end-zone , for yours is the rereception ,... the touchdown , and the victory , for ever and ever , amen . 
Come see Nuthouse tonight at eight o'clock in Daggy Hall ! :) 
Had a great time last night at nuthouse ! 
tired . but going shopping today ! 
' s girlfriend is awsome . 
just fixed my favorite pair of pants . At last , my legs are complete again ! 
Our Father , who < PROPMALE > in M < PROPMALE > in , much shouted be thy name . Thy offense run , thy defense stun , at home as it does on the road . Give us this our Saturday win and forgive us our penalties as we forgive those who penalize upon us , and lead us not unto false st < PROPMALE > s , but deliver us into the endzone , for yours is the reception , the touchdown , and the victory , forever and ever , amen . 
Hi ! 
is sick . 
wishes his mom were here right now . 
To everyone who wants to do mafia , there is now a facebook group called stage mafia , of which many of you are now apart of . If you ar5e not , and wish to be , join up . 
Home now . Rules for Mafia will be posted in a few minutes on the group < PROPFEMALE > . Game starts at eight AM . 
Is furious . His internet f'd up , and he now has to rewrite all the mafia rules . Grand ! 
Finally finished with mafia rules . And now bed . 
from now on the official rules for mafia will be posted in the green room and signed off by mysellf and the other dons . fb groups are f'd up right now . 
I have strep throat . :( 
to all of you playing mafia , As I am sick , I cannot arbitrate so the dons are handling the rules until I get back . In addition , a lot of you have asked me about being the janitor . I have already named someone for that task . So if I have not responded to you then you are not the janitor . Also if the dons are dissatisfied with the janitor , they may reassign the position , or eliminate the position entirely . 
thanks God that he'll still be able to do Jekyll & Hyde . Also thanks penicillin , still the ultimate miracle drug . 
A note to mafia players , if you see me in Daggy today , I am still on leave . I will resume my duties as Arbiter tomorrow . 
I'm tired . I just want to go home and watch doctor who . 
MIsses home . See you guys in a week and a half though . 
To all veterans , thank you for giving yourselves up for the people you loved . May we all love you , and never give you up . 
my computer has 20 out of date drivers . 
is angry . At himself . A rare thing indeed , but there it is . 
to all of us auditioning for acting two tonight , lets break a leg guys . :) 
just learned another new world by < PROPMALE > ritter on the guitar . :) 
has insomnia 
comes home this sunday ! 
It's Friday ! 
Has had a productive Saturday . 
On the road again . :) 
Well , made it back despite the weathers best efforts to kill me . Now , to work . 
Just found out that the whole strep throat thing is costing him 317 dollars in medical bills . Here's the thing . < PROPFIRST > Doesn't have 317 dollars . < PROPFIRST > Doesn't have 100 dollars . < PROPFIRST > is F**ked . 
just wrote poetry for the first time in months . just for the hell of it . Forgot how satisfying it was . 
' s phone no longer works do to no money in it's account . Do not contact him through the phone . Please use Facebook . 
accidently an hour early for tech . Oh well . Let's rock it pandora radio ! 
Might have strep throat FOR THE THIRD TIME IN TWO F***ING MONTHS ! Who in the cosmos did I tick off ? 
so does any one have any extra strength tylanol i can have . I feel like I ; m deading . \ 
Note : Deading- when you feel like your already dead , and now the fates are just f***ing with you . 
Has had the most fantastic time in acting one , and is looking forward to working with the many wonderful people that are staying for acting 2 . Love you guys . 
is not rarley angsty anymore , but today for some reason he is . 
Good time . Good movie . 
Feels like death . :( 
Will miss all his Pullman family . See you in a few weeks guys ! :) 
Is bored out of his mind . 
Has reached the hieght of boredom , playing three time based facebook games , and snake at the same time 
loves < PROPFEMALE > Newgaurd , < PROPFEMALE > Banta , and < PROPFEMALE > Childers , and hopes that they have a good night . Also , men are pigs , and every woman is a 10 . 
No facebook , I do not want to meet singles in my city . I hate it when you try and get me together with people . 
got 12 hours of sleep last night . One would say i'm rested . 
Finally finished with all my work . Yeah ! P.S. The Last Boys is a pretty damn good play . Also the ars poetica , the easiest guide to writing plays ever . 
Leaves in 15 minutes for home . 
hates his memory sometimes . Whenever he goes to watch a movie or play a game , his mind flashes through every detail of it so it's like he just did it . 
The bad news : < PROPFIRST > has strep throat for the fourth time in a little over 2 months . The good news : I may be forced to go to an ACTUAL hospital to get it fixed . P.S. I love you all , you know just in case . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Got the doctor who RPG books for Christmas . 
after two months of trouble shooting , got steam to work again 
Be in Pullman by tomorrow . It'll be good to be back . 
Listening to climactic classical music at 8:30 am . 
Good night ! :) 
Finally settled back in to his dorm . 
You and I wake up to the Zombie Apocalypse . Using only four words , what do you say to me ? 
God created whiskey to keep the < PROPFEMALE > from taking over the world . 
If any one has a request for a song they'd like to learn on guitar , I'm now the Youtubes with lessons . 
My first Facebook status was , \My life's curse is that I believe I was put on this earth for two reasons . And the first one is finding out what the other one is . \"" 
just finished writing a song for the first time in months 
I love < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . He rocks . 
Does anyone know how to treat a first degree burn ? My < PROPFEMALE > was attacked by molten coffee . 
Good morning world and all who inhabit it ! 
Watching the doctor who Christmas special for the first time . GOOD GOD ! THE LIE TO BIG FOR PSYCHIC PAPER !. 
Wrote his first rock song just now . 
Loves all his friends , and thinks they are fantastic . 
“Sometimes I wish I were a little kid again , skinned knees are easier to fix than broken hearts . ” 
Facebook Messaging < PROPFEMALE > Nuttman is so much harder than other people . As we are both English Majors , I feel the need to spell everything perfectly in them . :) 
“A man is already halfway in love with any woman who listens to him . ”\ 
~ < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
has insomnia . It is 4:30 am . 
Today , I broke even . I was sleep deprived , but got cast in a show with some amazing people . I got to tech a hilarious nuthouse show , but I had girl-troubles . I had a bad breakfast , but a good lunch . 
“The hardest part of dreaming about someone you love is having to wake up . ” 
When I was in high school , I , like many of the kids today , had no idea what the hell I was doing . Between home issues , social life , and academics , I found I was very ill equipped to handle it . With the mounting pressure on all sides , it wouldn't been long before I did something that would have likely have hurt myself , and others . In what must have been the darkest hour of my life , one teacher decided to step forward . 
Vented for the first time in months today . Forgot he has to do that from time to time in order to maintain his normal levels of happy-go-luckyness . 
“One of my theories is that men love with their eyes ; women love with their ears . ” 
Men are more passionate than the world gives us credit for . Our true failure lies in our lack of knowledge as to how to express that passion . 
I-Man\ 
The Three Laws :\ 
1 . A man must not drive a woman to anger , or by inaction cause a woman to become angry . \ 
2 . A man must obey a woman , so long as it does not conflict with the first law . \ 
3 . A man must preserve and protect his own happiness , so long as it does not conflict with the first or second laws . 
A person has two deaths . The one where the body dies , and the one where the heart dies . A great person is one who's heart lives on long after the body . A legend is one who's heart will never die . 
“You can’t put a price tag on love , but you can on all its accessories . ” 
If home is where the heart is , then my house is a traveling show\ 
If a friend in need is a friend indeed , then I have more than I'll ever know 
Sticks and stones can break ones bones , and words are well and good , \ 
but I'd take all the hits , and all the shit , for you if I could 
To love is to live life , to lose is to understand it . 
Some say love is knowing when to let go . I think the greater love is knowing when to hold on . 
I wont call it rescue . What brought me back here , to the old world , to drink and decline . And pretend that the search for another new world , was well worth the burning of mine . \ " , 2011-01-31 02:50:52 " 
Finally got Zune to work again , and bought So Runs the World Away . I have wanted this album for months ! :) 
thinks < PROPFEMALE > Newgard looks fantastic in < PROPMALE > O'Guin's fedora .. Yeaaaa ACTF !!!! WOOOOOOO . 
just wrote a rap . 
just woke up . feels like mjollnir hit my skull . good time though . 
Worried about classes . Theater is going well , but everything else is like a nightmare right now . Math most of all . Oh well , just gotta keep on truckin . Whatever happens , happens . 
Just finished my bio paper . Yeah ! Productivity . 
Back in Pullman ! 
Phone has no minutes . please contact through FB . :) 
Has written his song for WadleighFest . Also , anyone who has an act with me in it please message me with the song title , so I can learn them . 
phone is now working . :) 
There is a STAGE meeting today at 5 O'Clock in the Green Room . If you are planing on attending , please bring a piece of paper and a pencil . :) 
I have become more jaded in the span of two days than I would have thought possible . 
\I want to wanted by someone worth wanting . \ " ~ Anonymous " 
