In response to many questions about why i made the new page : i'm having issues with the ex ... 

You pass the North Korean border illegally you get 12 yrs . hard labor , you pass the Afghan border illegally you get shot , you pass the American border illegally you get a job , driver’s license , allowance for a place to live , health care , education , billions of dollars spent so you can read a document . We < PROPFEMALE > passports in other countries or face jail time . Repost if you agree . 
Anyone into Photography ? Wanna take a couple pics for me this week ?? They're needed for my grad announcements ! 
Shower time ! 
( 22 ) Clean now . Homework to do still though xP 
Had an AWESOME evening with < PROPFIRST > ! Got my dress , and a new shirt . Now watching House < PROPFEMALE > and trying to sleep <3 
Chilling at < PROPFEMALE>'s . Watching House :) I can't wait to watch four seasons of this show ! 
Washing my face .. This stuff burns !! D: 
Often people attempt to live their lives backwards ; they try to have more things , or more money , in order to do more of what they want , so they will be happier . The way it actually works is the reverse . You must first be who you really are , then do what you need to do , in order to have what you want . 
Sooo just wondering , can anyone maybe help me get a job ? Is where you work hiring ? Or know somewhere that is and you can give me a recommendation ? Lemme know . Text or message me !!! 
Had a nightmare ... Not the same one I always have ... Maybe that's a good thing .. or maybe this is just scarier than that .... 
Writing my senior memoir .. Hooligans , I need memories of how our group began .. For now , writing about ex-boyfriends .. But Mrs. < PROPFIRST > already knows most of that stuff ! lol 
I love < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Throw !!! 
We just don't give a fuck , middle fingers raise ' em up ! 
Getting outta the house !! :D Gonna have a bomb time with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Throw !! 
Getting my hair and makeup done for prom 
Wow . < PROPFEMALE > did a great job ! 
Had a great time last night . Prom with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Bisbee and < PROPFIRST > West was bomb ! Then we all went to the apartment and had fun up half the night there ! Pics up soon ! :D 
Finally got some at home time with < PROPFIRST > West for the first time in awhile (: 
Two and a half more days to go ! Who's ready ?! 
\Stop there and let me correct it ! I wanna live a life from a new perspective . You come along because I love your face and I'll admire your expensive taste .. Leaving now would be a good idea so catch me up I'm getting outta here . \"" 
Trying to NOT have a panic attack .. Interesting experience ... 
Now that It's over i'm even more certain that i'm gonna miss it 
On the bus about to go home ! All in all graduation has been great ! 
Summer 2010 : Here we are . You're bringing my eighteenth birthday , and your end begins a new chapter of my life . I'm gonna celebrate this summer ! 
Anyone wanna do something tonight ?? 
AGH !!! I'm almost out of House !! D: Time to text < PROPFEMALE > 
Woke up cause it's too hot ... even with my fan full on =/ Seeing if < PROPFIRST > is up .. 
At this rate , pretty soon , < PROPFIRST > will be like Fish ! D: Off the game for now .. Attempt to sleep numero dos 
Definitely not sick anymore . I need to get out and have some fun this summer . 
I'm really mad now . I woke up in a decent mood but that email just PISSED me off .. Ugh . 
I'm having some computer troubles . Can anyone help me ? 
Orientation ? Great !! New friends ? HELL YEAH ! Excitement ? I'm ready to be gone !!! :D 
I'm stressing ... Not good =/ 
I have decided : I need a haircut .. I think tomorrow , after my dentist appointment but before going to visit some people , I'm gonna get it all cut off !! 
OH MY GOD ! My night was just made so I can not wait ! So much to do between now and Friday ! 
Anyone read Seventeen ? ( If you don't , I'll explain . ) Each year , Seventeen has a group of college freshman who write about their experiences during the year called the Freshman 15 . About a month ago , I applied to be a part of this group and wasn't expecting much to come of it . Today , I checked my email and found a message from someone at the magazine . I made it to round 2 ! Next , I have to make a video for YouTube ! 
Procrastinating on making my video ... =/ 
The first person who likes my status , I will have their last name for a week ! Put this as your status & see who's last name you will have for a week 
RAWR !! 
I need Skype user names ! Send them !! 
Brief Calc and Spanish .. Think That'll keep my brain busy ? 
I am sooooo ready for August !! But first , a birthday , and a month in Florida !! :D 
Thursday is here . I gotta clean a bit . Family coming into town tonight ! :D 
One hour 
I'm legal ! 
My boyfriend made me breakfast this morning for my birthday . Isn't that sweet ? 
For those who can drive , if I called you at 1:30 am needing a ride and a place to stay , would you come help me no matter where i was ? Comment if you would 
Anyone have an ipod touch they don't want anymore ? Looking to buy one 
Went to Cracker Jax .. We have accumulated almost 4000 tickets between grad night and today 
Loving my itouch !!! 
I love @ < PROPFIRST > west\ 
He's cooking for me again 
Sitting in the airport with my baby bro ! Got time to kill so time to play on my ipod 
In < PROPMALE > ! Got about an hour til my next flight 
I haxed the plane ! ;D 
We're here ! 
Hey everyone lemme know if you get anything weird from me as the security of my account and the email attached has been compromised . ( no clue what happened but I woke up to find a password reset code for my email and one for here in my inbox ) 
Missing my love .. Going to bed to dream of being in his arms .. 
I'm incredibly homesick .. 
Like this status and I will tell you something I like and dislike about you ; one confession and my first impression of you . 
Watching Court TV . They have a live trial going on for this week . Prosecution's opening statement now 
NAU Housing Assignments are in ! :D Finally !! 
So I got my roommate assignment ... Now what ? I need something else to be anxious about rather than the Seventeen Freshman Fifteen !! HELP ?! 
It's Thursday morning and probably another boring day .. I wish I knew people around here or had something to do 
I'm so bummed .. My bike , the one i loved , was stolen today ... My freedom is gone ... 
It feels amazing to be on the beach again !! 
Gonna go shopping with the little bro ! < PROPFIRST > Sambriski : I love you , baby brother !! Spending as much time with him as I can before he goes back to school . But I also gotta make time for the bestie < PROPFEMALE > Menzel before she starts school !! It's so weird knowing the important people start school weeks before I do 
Out of curiosity , does anyone care what I want for me ? How I feel about things ? Cause it seems every time I turn around , everyone's pushing me into something else .. 
Do you really know me ? What's my full name , age , birthday , nickname , favorite color , bestfriend , and eye color ? Put this as your status and see who really knows you . Should be interesting .. 
Hooligans ! I shall have a picture for you all later ! ;D 
I so need to go to Build A Bear when I get home ! Who wants to go with me ?! 
on Skype with the boyfriend . Ready to be home .. Working on my schedule for this semester . ( Again .. ) I'm so picky ! 
\I'll make the most of all the sadness . You'll be a bitch because you can . You try to hit me just to hurt me so you leave me feeling dirty cause you can't understand . \"" 
LIKE this status if you would cry if i died ... Put this as your status and see who really loves you 
Getting sick of all the attention starved girls ! About to bitch slap some people 
I'm scared of the lightning .. It's striking closer and closer .... ) : 
For the people who took geometry at Mountain Sky , did you need a graphing calculator for the class ? My little brother seems to think he needs one this year . 
I'm home :) 
Ugh ... Just got my first set of aligners .. I have a feeling pain killers are gonna be my new best friend 
I so don't wanna put my aligners back in :( 
5 AM and I'm awake .. Dry mouth , too much pain and sick to my stomach .. ugh ... Ate , had water , took painkillers xP Time to put the aligners back in =/ 
Does anyone like hemp jewelry ? I have a necklace I don't want 
It's Monday morning .. I'm awake finally ... everyone started school today , except me .. It feels so weird 
Watching Powerpuff Girls ! :D I love this show ! 
I have the urge to watch the Phantom of the Opera .. Anyone wanna join me ? 
Anyone wanna go shopping tomorrow at Arrowhead ? 
Friday night and I'm stuck at home .. Anyone online wanna chat ?? Just message me . Or text too 
Sitting on the couch clipping coupons and listening to my brother play guitar 
So I came out , made sure we had milk and then went back in and took out my aligners to eat some breakfast .. I come back out to make a bowl of cereal and find that we are out of cereal ( Besides the stale coco puffs that have been there for ages and REALLY need to be thrown out .. ) so basically , I took them out for nothing .. Time to put them back in =/ 
I'm not sure I'm ready for this chapter in my life to begin .. There's so much I still need to do .. Who wants to see me before the 26th ?! 
< PROPFEMALE > Menzel , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , Bariah Steiner , < PROPFEMALE > Sullivan , and C.j. Atchley ; Would you all be free Friday or Saturday night ? Party at my place ? <3 I leave a week from Thursday and would LOVE to see you all before then .. Text me or comment here and lemme know 
\Show me how to lie . You're getting better all the time . And turning all against one is an < PROPMALE > that's hard to teach . \"" 
Can't sleep .. Writing a new blog .. And lost in thoughts of the possibility for a new story .. 
Three hours of sleep ? Definitely not enough !! More sleep before my Spanish lesson ? Probably not .. 
Fourteen hours awake on only 3 hours of sleep .. I've been inning almost All day .. Every time I try to relax something has to come up .. And they make me feel bad for not wanting to help cause I'm so tried !!! 
One week and I'm moving out of my mom's house ! D: My bestest friends are coming over this weekend and then I get to see an old friend on Sunday (: I'm starting to feel overwhelmed though .. there's so much I still want to do but not enough time for it all ... 
I totally just saw a guy win $500 playing the lottery ! D: I'm jealous ! 
My last weekend in Phoenix ! :D I'm chilling with the besties !!! This is gonna be freaking bomb ! I can't wait ! :D 
Way down south by AZ Mills on my way to rescue < PROPMALE > ! 
Movie time with my pretty ladies !! <3 
So you guys should totally check out my friends yard sale !! 3364 W Larkspur Dr. \ 
Just west of 31st Ave and Cactus 
This is probably the most epic weekend in my life !! <3 I'm so glad I've gotten to see my close friends before I move 200 < PROPMALE > away (: 
\You're so easy to pick up and so hard to put down ! \"" 
\and i wonder if I ever cross your mind . For me it happens all the time .. \"" 
Boyfriend left =/ Time to break out the headphones and loud music . 
My last full day in Phoenix .. It's kinda depressing .. Supposed to be cleaning .. Trying to cheer myself up first 
Two hours of sleep ? Yay nerves ! Food in belly .. Time to go try to sleep more xP 
Officially on the road heading to school . Scared and excited and stuff .. 
CJ stop time ! Drinks and food :) 
Sitting in the union grabbing some dinner with my lovey (: probably gonna call it a night early .. 
Good morning world !! Exhausted but can't sleep anymore xP\ 
I'm enjoying my dorm room for now . Roommate moves in today . I'm already scared xP 
I have a blog for documenting my freshman year !! Wanna read it and follow me ? Let me know and I'll get the link to you . Know anyone who might benefit from my ramblings ? Again , let me know and I'll send the link ! (: 
I really need to buy some healthy food to keep in my dorm room .. Breakfast of Goldfish , Oreos and a Dr. Pepper ? Definitely the life of a college kid . 
Who wants my address here on campus ? Getting mail from you would make my day (: 
Apples to Apples down in the front entrance of my hall = bomb night ! :D Met a couple new friends and finally saw someone we'd been looking for ! Great day !! 
Does anyone else want my address ? (: 
Just got back to the dorm from work training ! Classes start bright and early tomorrow morning . Nervous and excited at the same time ! 
Quiet hours start .... NOW ! xP Just got back from the hall meeting . I have decided I have too many keys ( 5 ) 
First class of the day and i'm already terrified .. 
I'm gonna be late . I need a way to get from CIS to Spanish easily xP 
Last class of the day . So far all my classes have run late xP this does not bode well for the year ... 
Just finished the last class of the day ... Five classes in one day SUCKS !!! at least I only have Spanish and PE tomorrow 
I have decided : Spanish 102 is too easy .. I might just clep out of Spanish altogether but first I'd like to see what 201 and 202 are learning this semester ! 
Second day of Spanish ? The stuff We're doing : greetings , the alphabet , time and < PROPFIRST > .. I understand review but this much ?! 
I just found out !! The Greeks have it wrong !!!! He wasn't a lamb , JESUS WAS A POTATO !!!!!!! Damn potatoes ! 
Homework ?! What on earth is that ?! I've never had this \homework\ " before ! Yep .. that's what I'm doing . Hit me up if you wanna distract me (; " 
I am LOVING my new schedule so far xD No more rushing from south campus back to north with less than twenty minutes in between ! Next class is at 10:20 .. but until then , reading and notes for a class later today ! 
Second to last class for the week .. After writing all That's left is CIS tomorrow morning :) 
Hey NAU people .. Anyone going to Phoenix this weekend ? I'll help with gas 
One hour of class , then i'm gonna come back to my dorm and nap xP 
I really wish I would have gone home this weekend .. I want out of this place so badly .. 
\The worst is the waiting . In this room I'm suffocating . \"" 
It's raining ! I don't wanna go to class !!! 
Just wrote a very demented short story for my creative writing class ... Oh well .. They say the professor likes the grotesque ! 
Does anyone want a kitten ? 
No class til 11 ? Sounds like a good day to me (: Got a little homework left to do but then , what ?? Maybe read the times and see what's going on today xD 
I do NOT belong in this class .. 
Talk about a good breakfast :) 
Breakfast attempt number 3 
My morning : We went to < PROPFIRST>'s to get breakfast . I ordered the Grand Slam . We went back to the dorm to eat , and underneath my pancakes , there was a receipt ! ( Don't say anything about fiber !! ) We took it back , told the manager . He's crediting my account for the meal . He bought my boyfriend and I breakfast in the Hot Spot . 
Today ? So far , not good .. I have a really bad feeling about tonight =/ 
I called < PROPFEMALE > Perez freaking out .. She says they're gonna send a man with an axe after me ! D: 
My night was just made :) 
Was just in the lobby ... < PROPFEMALE > Hitt and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Harmon are nuts whenthey're tired ! :D 
Dinner tonight with my new sisters ! Lots of pictures will have to be involved !! 
So I went to finish taking a quiz for a class . ( I started it then Vista stopped working .. ) And of course , my time was out . I submitted the quiz and got a 0 there .. And now it won't let me retake the quiz until tomorrow ... Stupid Vista . 
mmmmm .... Jamba ... (: I think this might have to become a weekend tradition . Jamba to get me started on my homework ! :D 
Here goes the start of another week 
Ugh ... So hungry ... 
Here we go again ... 
likes when she doesn't have notecards to make a to-do list and randomly opens the drawer at work to find GIANT notecards ! :D 
Awesome night ! < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > der < PROPFEMALE > killed the RA on Call and we all were laughing for twenty minutes . Then we finished rounds with him and watched NCIS in the lounge . Finally getting ready to get some sleep (: 
Has tons of homework ... DeVereaux decided today to assign a two < PROPFEMALE > paper that is due tomorrow .. How the heck do we write it if we have no idea what the prompt is even asking ?! 
\don't let anyone scare you . You know that I'll protect you always .... I'll swim the ocean for you . \"" 
I think it's time for some Relient K before bed .. I'm so not sure what to do .. 
Painting my nails once again . Covering myself in the color I love . 
\She's beautiful in her simple little way . \"" 
My boyfriend knows my class schedule better than I do .. Good reason to keep him around <3 
Should be writing papers for classes but I'm procrastinating xP Back to work now I guess ... 
< PROPFIRST > Hughes , & Burgan < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ( I'd add Wil and < PROPFEMALE > but I don't have them as my friends ! D: ) I just found more people who play < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! :D 
It's Friday and I'm done with classes . All that's left to do today is submit my research proposal for CIS ! :D Gonna do that and then relax (: 
I'm so happy ! :D My family came up to visit me this weekend (: 
My day has been made . Two packages in one day . How awesome is that ?! 
My boyfriend gave me an AMAZING short story idea !! Let's hope I can fit it all into the fifteen < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
Sometimes , all it takes is a name . A character is nothing more than a blank narrator until given his name . Suddenly , he takes on a whole history , appearance and attitude . 
\Maybe our relationship isn't as crazy as it seems . Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano . All I know is I love you too much to walk away though \"" 
At nine pages finally . 
I am procrastinating on finishing my story ... and it's due in four hours =/ 
Whoo-hoo !!!! I'm done !!! :D Now to find a way to print it ... 
Got my copies ! :D finally lol Now i have to sit through some dumb presentation 
I'm loving this . Sitting on my couch doing some homework . I've missed this . 
Is facebooking when she should be writing an essay for DeVereaux xP 
Friday night : I totally rush to get an assignment turned in before I go to bed . I email the Word Docs as attachments to my teacher and ask if I can turn the other part in during class as I am out of town . Saturday I realized , the assignment isn't due til next Friday .. so I rushed for nothing . ( Except it's one less thing for this week ! :D ) 
I'll\ 
be completely honest for 24 hours . You can ask me 1 question ( only in \ 
my inbox ) so make it count . I will answer no matter what , you have my \ 
FULL honesty . I dare you to put this as your status and see what \ 
questions you're asked . :) . 
I'm jealous of all my younger friends who are on fall break this week . But at the same time , I get a longer Christmas break ! :D 
WOOT !!!!! 97% on my CIS exam ! :D \ 
Now to get through that midterm . 
\We're college students . We're in a perpetual state of slacking . \ " Thank you < PROPFIRST > !! :D " 
I am already planning my next short story for my creative writing class !! Thank you deadlines and plenty to entertain me tonight !! 
Fake\ 
(+) (+) Perfect ( o)(o ) Perky (*)(*) Col (^) (^) and even Grandma's \\./\\./ \ 
Big ( o )( o ) or small (.) (.) Save them all ! Repost for Breast Cancer \ 
Awareness !! 
80 on my midterm ? Sounds pretty damn good to me . I finished within ten minutes ! Now back to the dorm to get some homework and cleaning done . 
Sunday : work time . I really need more sleep =/ but after this I gotta go see my RA and then get a movie for a class =/ 
Should be reading and taking notes . Nope instead I'm watching videos on YouTube . I'm going back to my roots . Country music FTW ! 
Wow .. my bullshit tolerance has dropped considerably lately . 
Truth is ... Like this and I'll tell you .. 
http://www.formspring.me/Carriesaurus\ 
Ask me something !! I'm bored 
I think I need to write some new lyrics .. Life has changed so much since the last time I did any writing like that . 
Kinda wants to go back to sleep .. I think I need earplugs to do it though =/ 
Surprisingly I have an A in EPS101 .. I never read the chapters and always fail the quizzes ... How is this possible ?! 
Anyone up at NAU who drives .. Can I bribe you with free Taco < PROPFEMALE > or Long < PROPFIRST > Silvers ? Send me a message if you want to go . 
Why is it , even when my boyfriend is normally the better judge of character , I know when to expect disappointment when he doesn't ? 
RIP < PROPMALE > Valentini . I may not have known you well but you were still my family and you will be missed . 
I frequently wonder who is a true friend to me .. Nights like these remind me who really cares 
Travel is booked for my next trip home .. Five days back in Phoenix .. I think I will die ! D: But it gives me some good one on one time with my little brother 
\if this boat were sinking 
Trying to decide how to handle certain issues at hand .. 
Sometimes I really wonder what the point of Facebook is ... so people you barely speak to know your every thought and action ? 
To everyone who is concerned about me : Given the fact that my grandfather died and then the guy I was with fucked me over again , I'm doing as well as can be expected . The only thing that could have made my weekend worse was if certain people had gotten me kicked out .. Suppose I should be grateful I'm still here .. 
Addicted to < PROPFIRST > Swift's new album . She is so beautiful and talented .. I'm jealous of her . 
\Now go stand in the corner and think about what you did ... I underestimated just who I was dealing with . She had to know the pain was beating on me like a drum ... I'm just another thing for you to roll your eyes at honey .. \"" 
\Look what you did . Is this who you wanted me to be ? Well it's not me . Look what you did . is this how you wanted it to be ? \ " - Thank you 3 Doors Down " 
Put\ 
this as your status if .... you know someone ( or related to someone ) who \ 
has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and in case \ 
you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy & \ 
paste this , because they have been eaten by dragons . The other 7% are \ 
sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers !! 
A debate in EPS101 ?? Really ... I'm frustrated ... 
\You love me but you don't know who I am . I'm torn between this life I lead and where I stand . \"" 
10 inches ): 
I'm quickly learning that many of you don't know anything about my side of what happened . If you want to know , you can ask . Because FYI : my ex is not as innocent as he's making himself out to be . He broke my heart multiple times and I'm done . And I'm not as bad as he's making me seem 
\There's nothing good about goodbye ... Every story has two sides in a ' He said ' ' She said ' fight . \"" 
I love how people are trying to make me feel bad for doing what is best for me ! But you know what ? I won't let your words or thoughts bring me down . 
They're not snowflakes < PROPFIRST > . They won't melt in your hand . They'll melt your hand ! 
Best feeling in the world : when he comes up behind you , wraps his arms around your tummy and kisses you on the cheek . I love the warm fuzzy feeling that brings 
How do you fuck a millimeter ?! \\nStay Icy 
I love my NAU family ! \\nStay Icy 
I am officially married to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Goldberg !!! Pictures of my weekend to follow soon enough xD 
My hair is much lighter than I realized !! My extensions are soooo much darker now ! Thank god for a hooded cape xD 
Just cleaned out my friends list : from 350 to 125 . Congrats if you made the first round of cuts .. More will follow . 
\Kiss me on the sidewalk . Take away the pain .. Get me with those green eyes baby as the lights go down . Leave me something that'll haunt me when you're not around . \"" 
\I could die for you . But I couldn't and wouldn't live for you . \ " - I need to remind myself of this . I can't live for anyone but myself . " 
\I'm sorry I'm not \ 
\I'm falling even more in love with you . Letting go of all I've held onto . I'm standing here until you make me move . I'm hanging by a moment here with you . \"" 
Enrollment is officially over . Now I gotta go to the Spanish department to get an override .. 
These nights are what keep me alive . 
Repo ! The Genetic Opera ? FUCKING AMAZING !!! Great night . I just want you all to know : for everyone who I've spent time with over the last week and a half , you guys keep me alive . And to anyone else who has made my facebook cuts : you guys do too . Thanks for everything . I love you all 
On the shuttle headed home !! Six days in Phoenix ? Not ready for 90 degrees ... \\nStay Icy 
\Hope is what makes us strong . It is why we are here . It is what we fight with when all else is lost . \ " - Pandora " 
\Sometimes I wanted to cry when the people on TV were not quite the way we were . Somehow I guess I just knew . But I didn't know I love you so much ... but I do . \"" 
waiting for WoW to patch .. I was hoping to play tonight . Not looking likely now ... 
I sprained my ankle at Tbird today ... Not fun ... 
So my ankle is so bad I can't walk .. I had to call my friend to come rescue me from CVS . I collapsed in an aisle crying .. Now I'm on my couch waiting for him to bring me a way to wrap it .. 
I'm glad I'm home .. Just got a text the Union is closed tonight until sometime tomorrow morning . 
\I will never let you fall . I'll stand up with you forever . I'll be there for you through it all . Even if saving you sends me to heaven . \"" 
The brunch of champions . Dr Pepper and Oreos . 
\Don't try to fix me . I'm not broken . Hello I'm the lie living for you so you can hide . \"" 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Rossum is a meanie !!! D: \ 
He won't let me hack him anymore .. Guess I'll just have to wait til he isn't paying attention ! <3 
I love getting compliments on my socks !! Two in less than an hour ? good day ! :D \\nStay Icy 
I'm so ready for my momma to get home !! :D I'm waiting for a call saying she's safe in AZ !!! 
SNOW ?!?! And I'm in Phoenix missing the first real snow of the year !!! D: 
A\ 
true friend doesn't care when you're broke , what you weigh , what name \ 
brand you wear , if your house is a mess , where you live , about your \ 
past , or if your family is filled with crazies , they love you for who \ 
you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking but \ 
* never * question the friendship . ( Re-post this if you have at least one \ 
true friend . ) 
On my way home to Flagstaff !! Ready to see my family again but not ready for the cold !! D: 
Just got the crap scared out of my by < PROPMALE > Bank ... not a happy camper .. 
This is going to be a LONG shift ! Dx 
Saw Inception tonight with my amazing friends : Delany Henningsen , < PROPFEMALE > Mybeck , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Goldberg , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Rossum . Spent the walk back debating the movie a bit and yelling at each other . God I love my friends !!! <3 
\You're just like me . I talk behind your back from this confidence I lack . \"" 
Oh starbucks hot chocolate . How i love you . 
Hmmm ... what to do ???? Anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out right now ? 
\The hardest part of living is just taking breaths to stay . Because I know I'm good for something . I just haven't found it yet . And I need it . \"" 
\Even though the world she loved . It won't ever be the way it was .. Every night she cries and dies a little more each time ' Say you love me ' .. \"" 
Fifteen minutes left ... 
Oh my god .. It's so hot in my business class ... 
Diabetes Awareness Month . It isn't pink or sexy , it doesn't involve boobs , football players or cute t-shirts . It's 3am blood sugar checks , needles , low blood sugars and the smell of insulin on your hands after changing a pump site or filling a syringe . That's a diabetics LIFE . Repost this if ... you have or love someone with Diabetes . 
Doubt I'll get anything but .... \ 
INBOX ONLY : Tell me something you've always wanted to say to me . Stays between us . Put this as your status and see what you get 
I am so screwed .. this is NOT a good week at the moment .. 
It's crap , I hate it .. But it's done .... 
Is the week over yet ??? 
This week : short story due : completed . Three < PROPFEMALE > research paper for EPS : not started . Six < PROPFEMALE > research paper for 244 : Not started , research done . HP7 : Best part of the week . CIS Test the morning after : Not ready for .. 
On the way to class on south campus this morning , a car was stopped in the middle of the road .. trying to get around it , sucked .. 
I still have a paper to write ... ugh ... sucky week ... 
Work for the next hour . Time to start reading the next book for my 190 class . 
Honors 240 peoples : does what we read at the open mic night have to be original ?? 
What a day .. Work from now til four . Then an appointment back in Cowden from 4-5 . Open mic night from 6-8 . and finally < PROPMALE > Potter at midnight ! Can't wait !! 
Open mic night .. Then to wait for < PROPMALE > Potter with my friends !!! :D 
In the theatre waiting for the movie to start !! :D 
Waiting for < PROPMALE > Potter to start and some high school drama kids started acting out a scene from their play ! Good way to kill time ! :D 
< PROPMALE > Potter last night was AWESOME !!! Waking up to be down on south campus for a test at 8am : not so awesome .... 
Thinking about spending Thanksgiving here in Flagstaff .. Are any of my friends staying ? 
Snow for the first time .. It's so cold out .. I sooooo don't want to walk up to < PROPMALE > for work xP 
Christmas music has started for me . The snow put me in a Christmas-y music type mood !! 
I love you because of who you are , not what you look like or how smart you are . It's cause you make me smile and give me butterflies . You make me feel like a < PROPFEMALE > and when I see you smile , my day gets so much better . 
At this moment , I'm planning on ditching my eight am class down south .. 9 inches of snow possible ? No way in hell am I trekking down there !! \ 
But I am enjoying watching the snow fall from the warmth of Cowden 
< PROPMALE > Estrella-Lopez , < PROPFIRST > Hobson . Stop using Facebook to communicate !! You're less than ten feet apart ! 
It's BEAUTIFUL out !!! 
Just because I don't look the way you want me to look , or I don't act the way you want me to act doesn't mean I don't have a heart or feelings . Just because I'm not going to compromise who I am to be who you want me to be doesn't mean I'm not hurt when you try to change me . Just because I come off strong doesn't mean I don't cry . 
\Are you going home for Thanksgiving ? \ " \ " No . I'm going to Salt Lake City . \ " \ " What's in Salt Lake City ? \ " \ " Vegas ! \"" 
Two more hours ! :D 
I'm safe and sound at my best friend's house ! :D I'm so glad her family is taking me in this weekend <3 
Happy Thanksgiving to all my friends !! This year I'm thankful for my friends , my family ( Both blood and NAU ) , my best friend for letting me stay with her , and so much more !! Hope everyone has a good day ! 
Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Menzel I have found the greatest website !!! 
Black Friday shopping anyone ? 
Black friday shopping is madness !!! 
Awesome Night !! Getting more shopping done !! Off to Gamestop for a DS for < PROPFEMALE > and some other items xD 
It's so late , I heard a rooster crow ! D: 
New music on my iPod tonight . I'm excited . Nothing is better for an aching heart than a good movie , dr pepper , some < PROPFEMALE > and new music while curled on the couch with the only guy who will never let me down , my puppy . 
\That's what we do 
Is there anyone from NAU who can give me a ride back tomorrow ? 
' Those three words are said too much , they're not enough .. ' 
It's Monday morning . I'm freezing .. And exhausted . But I have a book to finished before 190 today , and short stories to read and write responses on ! xP 
One response down , two more to go ... I really don't wanna do this ... 
I think I'm losing my mind ... I left my room to come to class , then realized I thought I left my door open . So I ran back to my room only to find the door closed ... 
\Love is like a friendship caught on fire : In the beginning \ 
\One more hit for the show ! Make it fast ! \"" 
I'm stressed by everything . I'm down in the dumps thanks to the stress . I want to go puke my guts out or sleep .. 
Why am I going to this class ? I'm sick and tired and for some reason i'm still venturing out into the cold to go to my only class of the day 
\There are words carved in my chest and they said ' could somebody show me the kind of affection that you only see in the movies ? ' you know what I mean . \"" 
Fire drill in Cowden tonight . If this was a real fire We'd all die 
is stressing over the oral report for 190 .. I have my quotes picked out , and my powerpoint prepared ... Now I just have to create my notes for it . 
says : Duct tape is kind of like The Force ; it has a light side and a dark side and holds the universe together . May the duct tape always be with you . 
Caffeine ? I probably need to cut back on how much I drink .. I made it until 12:30 on a Monday , no less , without having any !! I caved with coke brought into my 190 class xP 
Not feeling good .. I think It's time to go lay down .. 
It's 11 pm and i'm finally getting some dinner .. After this homework time . 
It's like I'm swimmin ' in an ocean of emotion , But still , somehow , slowly goin ' numb inside . I don't like who I'm becomin ' , I know I've gotta do somethin ' , Before my life passes right by . I want to cry like the rain , cry like the rain , Shine like the sun on a beautiful mornin ' ... Love like I ain't afraid to be alone . Take everything that this world has to give , I wanna live . \ " , 2010-12-07 16:25:05 " 
Lovely . Almost got hit by a truck coming back from class .. And i'm frozen .. Time for homework 
One presentation down . One to go . 
When is everyone going back to Phoenix ? I need a ride home 
One more class left to my first semester of college . Then finals week and I'll be home ! D: 
Watching < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , And < PROPFIRST > <3 
\That was a curb . \ " \ " or a sleeping homeless guy . \"" 
Phoenix here we come ! :D bailing Flag the weekend before finals ? Probably not a good idea . Meeting Graverobber ? Totally worth it ! <3 
thus far I have recieved 13 pairs of socks for Christmas ! Good year for socks :) 
A 7:30 AM final on south campus ? Whose brilliant idea was that ? 
Eight minutes testing . Almost no studying . And I got an 84 . I am perfectly okay with that ! 
All that's standing between me and home : A portfolio due , a final exam , a group presentation , and an hour of work ! 
Another step closer to being ready to go home (: \ 
One story editted . One more to go . 
Stories ? Done !! \ 
Just gotta print them and turn them in to Dr. < PROPFIRST > in the morning (: 
We just found a sixteen year old paper shoved in between my heater and desk .. Wow .. 
I was surfing Facebook and went to my homepage . Suddenly , it said I was on < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Rossum ' s account but it had my friends in the news feed ! Somehow , we broke Facebook xD 
Woke up from a nap to find snow falling from the sky . It's not sticking , but it still exists . 
Off to my first final of the day .. After this one more final and an hour of work then I'm free 
One down . One to go . 
No more finals ! 
Woke up to what I thought was the sound of rain . Looked out my window only to find snow on the ground . I'll enjoy it while I can ! 
Can't decide if I want to venture out into the snow to get food or if I just want to eat something here 
has fought the battle , lost the war and doesn't have it in her to fight anymore . 
\Lately I've been thinking about changing myself into everything I ever wanted to be . Don't be afraid of what I'm becoming . I swear that I will always remember . \"" 
I wish life was simple 
Wishing the snow would stop .. Wishing she wasn't alone .. Wishing she was home ... 
I'm safely in Phoenix , which is nice . But my mom's house is colder than it is outside !!! D: 
\Boys are stupid . Let's throw rocks at them ! \"" 
Watching VH1's Top 40 videos of 2010 and the commentary is hilarious ! 
Burning gum wrappers on my forehead with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > lol soooooo many \that's what she said\ " jokes !!! Lol " 
I wish now more than before that I was still at NAU .. I miss my home and my family there ... 
Some times you make me so mad I want to push you in front of a bus , but then i realize something ... I would probably kill myself trying to save you . 
thinks every fortune cookie sounds better if u say \in bed\ " after u read it " 
YOU CAN ASK ME SIX QUESTIONS . In my inbox . No matter how random , revealing , rude or pointless , I promise to answer them . Let's see what people want to know (: 
Cata time !!! :D 
Had a good Christmas for sure .. Now packing to spend the next week with my dad ! 
Just got the phone call I've been waiting for .. so why do I feel more scared after that ?? 
Had another < PROPMALE > to get free glasses and because my dad didn't send me my glasses prescription in time , I'm not getting new glasses ... Ugh . I'm soooooooo freaking pissed .... 
\How can you love me when I am ugly ? Guess I can only hope ... \"" 
\Four more exits to my apartment but I am tempted to keep the car in drive and leave it all behind .. \"" 
\Four more exits to my apartment but I am tempted to keep the car in drive and leave it all behind . Cause I wonder sometimes about the outcome of a still verdictless life . Am I living it right ?... Don't believe me when I say I've got it down ... Everything happens for a reason is no reason not to ask myself if I am living it right . Am I living it right ? \"" 
\You and I walk a fragile line . I have known it all this time ... \"" 
I guess , according to the Bible , the world is ending on May 21 , 2011 .. All I have to say is : bring it on !! 
Considering taking an online class next semester , anyone have any advice if I do that ? 
So NAU people : when are you going back to Flagstaff and do you have any space in your vehicle ? 
I don't know who to turn to anymore .. who is going to understand ? I'm under emotional overload .. 
\So I will run until my feet don't touch the ground . \"" 
I was trying to get an over-ride into an English class on Mondays and Wednesdays to break up the block that is my Tuesday/Thursday schedule .. The professor sent me a polite email back suggesting I attend the first class in hopes some students may drop the class . After reading her email , I am glad I'm not in that class .. For an English professor , she had horrible grammar ... 
I'm starting to wonder if my little brother's friend ever sleeps .. 
Depression is not a sign of weakness , it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression . Leave it on your status for at least an hour . It's mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer at some point in our lives . Take some time to tell someone that they're not alone . Hug someone today ! 
I really should order my text books .. but I need to change my schedule ... And it's not exactly working out xP 
I kinda want to < PROPFEMALE > out with someone who has tons of slightly older country music and wants to turn it up and sing along to the good stuff 
A best friend is somebody who goes through everything and anything with you ! (: Someone who always has your back no matter what the world throws at you . comment and tell me your best memory with me ! (: 
To whomever it may concern : I love you . 
< PROPFIRST > Springer says some of the funniest things !!! 
To everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws in light of the tragedy in Tucson , may I offer this little tidbit : If guns kill people , then pencils misspell words , cars drive drunk , and spoons make people fat ! Remember : Hold the person accountable for their actions , not the means they chose to utilize !!! ( Reposted from another friend's status message . Feel free to do the same . ) 
Know what ? I'm done being a friend of convenience for you .. Call me when you actually start to care . kthxbye . 
I need you more than ever ... i need your loving hand to guide me through the maze of all the things inside me 
Sometimes I wonder if people who I trust with everything are really my friends or if we're only friends on their terms .. 
I think that the reason people hold so tight to memories is because people always change ... but the memories never do ... 
Am I the only person not going back up to Flag until tomorrow ? ( Besides my ride ) Sure seems that way lol I'm so ready to be back though xD Today consists of packing and cleaning 
Does anyone wanna call me and talk while I do chores ?? I feel lonely . 
Last day in Phoenix .. Twelve hours from now , I hope to be asleep in Cowden .. And WARM ! finally lol 
Done with my first day back to classes lol Interesting schedule thus far . 
Lunch time ? I think so .. Hope the line isn't too bad . After this , off to pick up my new glasses xP 
All that is left to my week is a four hour work shift tomorrow night .. Hope that doesn't kill me xP 
So no class at all today which is pretty nice . Work from 3-7 and then the < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > concert with my mom . I'm excited 
Kdchi girls : Have you heard of Gamma Rho Lambda ? ( I just got an email from Greek Life about Spring recruitment and they're one of the sororities doing rush this semester .. ) Who are they ? Cause I don't remember them ... 
First desk shift of the semester has started .. Working on putting all my due dates into a planner to get me through . Trying to be more organized this semester 
I'm thinking it's about time to start on my English homework that's due tonight .. 
\Sometimes the smallest things take up the most room in your heart . \ " <33 " 
My Monday plans ? Class in a bit , lunch , lab , dinner , English . From there , I'll be off to the View to see my KDChi sisters <33 considering Sechrist to see people for after the View but I'll probably be exhausted by the time study hours are over ! xD 
So it's Monday .. I can't decide which day I hate more .. Monday or Wednesday .. Today : I'm just so busy I can't lay down and take a break , but Wednesday the break is too long ! xP 
\Just because things are gonna be hard doesn't mean it won't be worth it . \"" 
So I just wanted to say thank you to all my friends for being there for me through everything . Especially < PROPFEMALE > Menzel , Andraya Lolurdum , and < PROPFEMALE > O'Hea . you three are amazing for everything !! <333 
Dear silly people , Whoever said words can never hurt you ? Sincerely , Avada Kedavra and Crucio 
Time to get ready .. No more < PROPMALE > Potter class . I get out at 10:50 and have nothing to do til 2:20 .. I'm gonna go insane !! xP 
Pricing flights for my spring break trip .. Need to talk to mom more to pick out the best time to fly out 
Two more hours ... So much on my mind right now .. 
Kinda creeped out .. My mom is truck shopping and today , she's going to look at one right next to my ex's old house .. So weird ... 
Life would be perfect if some girls had mute buttons , some guys had edit buttons , hard times had fast forward buttons , and good times had pause buttons =) Even though life isn't perfect , no one gets out alive and it's one hell of a ride so enjoy it while it lasts . 
I'm sooooo tired already ... but I know I shouldn't sleep .. Come on .. Just a couple more hours than I can sleep xP 
Kicked back listening to one of my favorite bands .. Probably should get ready for class xP 
I just LOVE being accused of something I didn't do ! All I gotta say is : grow up . The best part is , I know the truth and whether you believe me or not , I don't give a damn . 
I don't want to go to class today .. Currently only 1 degree outside but feels like -22 xP 
Breakfast time !! So glad I don't have to leave my room to eat today lol Thank you < PROPFEMALE > ! I'm glad we did our food shopping last night xD 
Just found out a song by one of my favorite bands was actually inspired by the Twilight series .. Kinda interesting . I still love the song though . 
\It's amazing how one day someone walks into your life and suddenly you can't remember how you lived without them . \ " <-- I don't know what I would do without my best friends !! <33 " 
My baby brother made me really wish I could go home this weekend ... I feel suddenly homesick ... 
I'm really not feeling well .. A nap clearly wasn't the best idea ... Ugh .. Gotta get through work and then Rush xP 
Is anyone free who could bring me some food at work ? I'll pay you back for it . 
So who is hitting at Lexi < PROPMALE > on FormSpring ?? Text me or message me .. I'm curious 
Does anyone wanna walk to Gateway with me ? 
Took some cough medicine ... Before that , my cough was so bad I couldn't move .. I think it's time to go to Fronske ... 
Is anyone who can drive free ?? I need cough medicine but I don't want to walk there .. 
I think I have a paper due tomorrow .. And I haven't started it .. I think this would be a good time to get to work on that .. 
So I got a 9/10 on my Geology quiz . I'm not complaining (: 
I totally just found the most amazing way to watch the Superbowl online ! xD\ 
Only problem is that I still don't get football xD Oh well .. now I can keep track of the score and time left on my own ! xD 
I walk away for three minutes of game time and somehow Steelers scored 8 points ! WTF ? 
Snow tomorrow anyone ? 70% < PROPMALE > ! 
Hey Monday , Yellowcard , All Time Low and some other band ? Sounds like a pretty epic concert .. Too bad it's on a Monday night xP 
Stupid cough ... you need to die !! Not kill me xP 
Does anyone have the Big Brother 191 class ?? 
< PROPFIRST>'s Day is coming !! Does anyone want to just have a movie night with tons of junk food from Gateway ? 
\Am I not pretty enough ? Is my heart too broken ? Do I cry too much ? Am I too outspoken ? Don't I make you laugh ? Should I try it harder ? Why do you see right through me ? \"" 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > Meyer , \ 
Please note that when the love of Hermione's life left her , she continued to search for the keys to destroying the world's most powerful dark wizard . When the love of < PROPFEMALE>'s life left her , she curled up in the fetal position , went numb for months then jumped off a cliff . \ 
Sincerely , J . K . Rowling . 
\You can't plan your life because life doesn't care about your plan \"" 
Friday is Hug a tall person day !! Guess what LaNeasa Evandra Spivey !! You're getting hugged ! lmao 
Life is like walking backwards . You can't see where you're going , but you can see where you've been . 
\I pray a flowerpot falls from a window sill and knocks you in the head like I'd like to . I pray your birthday comes and nobody calls .. I pray all your dreams never come true ... I pray you pass out drunk with your best friend and wake up with his and her tattoos . \"" 
Why haven't I gone walking by myself in a long time ? It felt so nice to be alone with music pounding in my ears . 
\Three was a fall in deeper . Four was a cry and shame . Five was a shiver in the winter . Six was a losing card . Seven was the hope I would never fall too hard . You win . I lose . You leave with nothing to prove . \"" 
I want to learn calligraphy .. 
Free pie with any purchase at Village Inn today .. Does anyone wanna go with me ? 
“If ever there is tomorrow when we're not together , there is something you must always remember : you are braver than you believe , stronger than you seem , and smarter than you think ; but the most important thing is even if we're apart , I'll always be with you . ” 
If I were to die tomorrow , what would you want to say to me today ? ( Post below as a comment or inbox me if it's too personal . ) 
is something .. Just exactly what kind of something , no one knows , but she sure is something . 
My roommate just made my night ! Apparently , in the < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Version of the Bible , there is talk of a unicorn ! :D So jealous !! xD 
Psych test ? over and done with . Probably didn't do as great as I could have but oh well (: 
One more class for the week ! Just gotta get through that xP 
I love how you feel when I hold you . You're beautiful and I know you will never leave me , never betray me . You remind me of my flaws , and remind me who I am . 
All he could think about was I'm too young for this , Got my whole life ahead , hell I'm just a kid myself , how I'm gonna raise one .... there goes my life , there goes my future , my everything , might as well kiss it all good-bye , there goes my life . \ " , 2011-02-11 00:04:41 " 
didn't do as well as I wanted to on my psych test xP 
Who wants to live off-campus next year ? just wondering . 
Really wishing I could be packing my stuff up not working xP\ 
Does anyone have boxes I can borrow for moving ? You can have them back when I'm done ! lol 
Its almost valentines day , copy this to ur status and see what you get in your inbox\ 
Green : I like you . \ 
Sliver : I miss you\ 
Pink : be my valentine ? \ 
Teal : I think you're beautiful\ 
...... Yellow : I wanna kiss you\ 
Red : I love you\ 
Purple : let's chill\ 
Gold : I used to like you\ 
Black : I think you're cute\ 
Blue : will you be my girlfriend/boyfriend ? 
Can anyone who can drive help me move stuff into the view ?? 
If you care as much as you say you do , I shouldn't have to try to convince you . You aren't worth my time if you can't see it'd be worth it . So enjoy missing me . I'm done trying . 
I just wrote a long blog for someone to read .. the only question is : should I send it to them ? should I let them read everything I had to say tonight ? or should I just say \screw it\ " and go to sleep ?? " 
\Ask yourself whether you are happy and you cease to be so . \"" 
Really should be writing papers .. but my mind won't focus on anything but music .. 
\A rivalry goes so deep between me and this loss of sleep over you . \"" 
\I miss you even more than I could have believed ; and I was prepared to miss you a good deal . \"" 
Hold your head high gorgeous . There are people who would kill to see you fall . 
I've been dealt a hand of cards . It isn't what I expected , and it's not the greatest hand I've been given . but it's all I've got . And lucky for me , I don't have to figure out how to play this out alone . I've got the most amazing friends in my corner giving me tips and helping me along . Thank you all . And to all you who aren't being supportive , screw you . I'm gonna kick ass . 
Stuck in Psych .. =/ I really don't want to be here . I want to be back in the View in bed 
I have decided I should really learn how to play guitar or take my guitar home .. I already need to take a bunch of junk and my longboard home .. Oh how I miss you longboard ): 
Really wants to go out and get off campus but doesn't feel like walking much of anywhere =/ 
Regret lasts longer than failure : when you fail you can get up try again and learn from your mistakes ; Regret leaves deep scars , that can take many years to heal . 
Just woke up from the worst dream I've had in months ... but at the same time , it was the best ... 
\Love is the reason for it all . \"" 
\Love and hate are not opposites . The opposite of love is indifference . \"" 
Four stages of insanity : 1 . Talks to self . 2 . Argues with self . 3 . Loses argument with self . 4 . Is no longer speaking to self . \ 
I'm heading for stage three !!! How the heck am I losing an argument to myself ?! xD 
Why does it have to be that the only time the weather is ever accurate up here is when it's supposed to be < PROPFEMALE > ?! It says < PROPFEMALE > , no wind . It's < PROPFEMALE > . It says Rain , nothing . It says snow , still nothing . But when they say wind , there's always WIND !!! xP 
I wish I was a < PROPFEMALE > .. They get to sleep all the time ! 
Come on .. just a little bit more to get through then I'll be heading home tomorrow . 
Bed time ? I think so . Tomorrow : Pack and then spend some time in the field behind Reilly to enjoy here before I go to Phoenix lol 
I wonder if you ever think about me like I think about you .. If first thing in the morning , you check your phone , hoping I texted you like old times . Or if you catch yourself glancing around in hopes of catching a glimpse of me .. Do you find yourself dialing my number only to < PROPFEMALE > up , wishing to hear my voice just one more time ? 
\The one my heart and soul confided in . The one I felt the safest with . The one who knew just what to say to make me laugh again and let the light back in . I miss my friend . \"" 
I'm on my way down to Phoenix ! Can't wait to see my fam 
My poor bestie isn't feeling good so I don't get to see her today but at least I get to see teh Penguin ! 
Stop being afraid of what could go wrong and think of what could go right 
Lovely ... My mom might not let me go home =/ 
Idk what to do .. the weather is making it dangerous to get home .. And tomorrow I have a doctor's appointment , and classes I don't want to miss ... but I don't want anything to happen =/ 
Dear snow , \ 
Unless you are enough to get me out of school , then we have nothing to say to each other . \ 
Sincerely , frustrated student . 
Just to follow everyone's example : Stuck in phoenix for one more night !! Stupid I-17 is closed so I stayed home . Will be leaving sometime tomorrow xD 
Freeway's open now ! xD 
\The important thing was to love rather than to be loved . \"" 
Dreading the ice around campus when I get home =/ 
\It's a sign of life to be so confused . You jump and it feels like you're falling . " 
\There can be no happiness if the things we believe in are different from the things we do . \"" 
< PROPFEMALE > Goldberg , are you gonna be creeping on me during Psych today ? <33 
Ok Psych : can we please get off all the talk of sleep ?! It makes me want to go back to bed =/\ 
By the way , why is it whenever I REALLY don't want to go to this class , the Psych clickers don't even work ?! 
I'm scared of the ice that's outside right now ... I've almost slipped sooooo many times already =/ 
This is one of those \I need a hug days but don't really touch me because you might lose an arm . \"" 
WTF ?!?! \ 
Since when do college kids NOT know how to make popcorn without burning it ?! Again I got kicked out of my dorm because someone set popcorn on fire >.> 
These formal phone calls make me giggle xD 
I might not be the most beautiful or the sexiest nor have the most perfect body . I might not be someones first choice but I am a GREAT choice . Take me as I am or watch me go ! (: 
\It's about what YOU are going to do with the short time you have left on this earth . \"" 
Only when you're a college kid is it ok for you to go out for ice cream at 11 pm in a snow storm (: 
The snow is absolutely beautiful ! Thank you < PROPFEMALE > O'Hea for dragging me out for ice cream xD I totally would have missed seeing that if you hadn't! 
Is anyone with a car free on Friday afternoon ? I have a doctor's appointment I need a ride to . ( I can give a couple bucks for gas .. ) 
It's IHOP Free Pancake Day 2011 today (: 
There is no way to peace . Peace is the way . 
Got stuck in the lobby watching AOPi and TKE sing lmao interesting night 
My head is pounding ... again ... And all this added stress is NOT helping ... \ 
I'm thinking I'm gonna trek down to McKay for ice cream .. 
“I swear , you’re the only reason I keep breathing . I swear , you keep on giving me the reason to keep believing . Finally I’m worth it , though I’m not perfect , it still feels right . And I keep on giving , trying to make a difference , in my life . But I know another way to show everything I can be for you . You’re all that I’ll ever need , I’ll give you the best of me . ” 
Totally just realized tonight is First Friday !! I'm very sad that I'm already exhausted and by the time I'm off work , I'll be even more so =/ 
< PROPFEMALE > Revelez is one crazy roommate !!! xD 
I totally don't know my plans for Spring Break ... All I know is I'll go home for some period of time .. And go to DC for some portion of the time .. Who knows what else though ? (: 
I'm excited for this week to be over (: It's a busy one though . Sorority stuff every night Monday through Wednesday and of course , mid-term type stuff between now and break xD But next weekend will be interesting (: 
My life isn't exactly perfect , but then again , whose is ? It's not what I thought it would be ; and it's definitely not going where I always thought it would . But I'm okay with that . Either way , my life is perfect to me : it makes me laugh , cry , some days I'm the happiest girl ever and others , it feels like nothing could go right . But it's one crazy ride . And I don't ever regret one minute of it . 
Totally did not grab her umbrella when leaving Mountain View ... I sooooo don't want to walk to the geology building in the rain =/ 
I'm such a bundle of nerves =/ 
8.5 out of 10 on my first try on a Psych quiz without reading the chapter ?! AWESOMENESS !!!! 
It's so weird being back in Sechrist and not going up to the 8th Floor to see him xP 
\Why is he Trevor ? \ " \ 
Go to your profile . The first 5 people on your friends list are your allies in the Zombie Apocalypse . Are you screwed ? \ 
My allies are Bariah Steiner , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > der < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > Pierce , < PROPFIRST > McElligott , and Mar F Ski 
Just a couple more days and then I get a break from Flagstaff .. but really I just want a break from school .. Not the town xP And a few days after that , I'll be in DC visiting my godmother (: 
Haha awesome night !! And now , bed time (: Thursday is here and only a little bit left until I get to go home xD 
One more desk shift and then I'll be heading home for break xD 
Food first . Then find my connecting flight . Sounds like a good idea on how to kill 4 hours xD 
Last layover !!! 
Spring break has been awesome but it's gone by too fast !! And really , life doesn't feel right . Part of me can't wait to be back at NAU but part of me doesn't want to leave my godmother's . I can't wait to be back with my crazy roommate and amazing friends <33 
Stuck in the airport waiting to go home . It's gonna be a long day :/ but Flagstaff is at the end of it (: So ready for that !! 
They never said it'd be easy . They just promised it would be worth it ... I need to remind myself this .. Some days I wonder why I even bother trying ... and then other times , it's so easy to remember . I just need to remember , life is hard , but everything will be worth it in the end . 
Breakfast anyone ? 
Spring time ? I woke up to find snow outside .. I don't think it's spring yet !! 
As if today hasn't been bad enough ... 
Guess I spoke too soon ... She can be brutally honest with me but the second I try to be brutally honest with her it's a crime .. 
I just got soooooo lucky !! I forgot to bring my clicker to Psych , and no clicker questions !! :D 
< PROPFEMALE > ? (: 
Does anyone want to go to Target with me ? 
Have you ever had a class with such a horrible topic that your papers for that class barely contain your argument ? ( As in it's impossible to write about . ) I have .. And honestly , I don't feel like writing this paper xP 
Sooooo much info xP It's killing my poor brain .. 
in order to avoid a fire alarm , I stayed in my friend's room .. What happens ?! Fire alarm xP at 1:30 am xP 
Does anyone have a Spring 2011 coupon book from on-campus ?? My friend and I are looking for a cold stone coupon !! 
Some days I miss who I used to be .. 
I really should sit down and map out my schedule for the fall in case I do choose to come back to Flagstaff ... Ugh .. so many huge decisions to make and so little time to decide !! 
Is it too much to ask that if I ask you a favor and you say you'll do it later that you actually do it ? 
Unpleasant side effect : I just got a nosebleed 
After my shower , I decided I kinda want a milkshake ... 
Can we fast forward a week so I can start seriously making my choices for next year ?? 
I really shouldn't lay here and read the ABOR Meeting Agenda .. It makes me even more anxious .. Thursday and Friday is the big ABOR meeting that sets tuition and everything for next year . I have my financial aid for next year ; I just need the < PROPFIRST > that are coming out of that meeting .. I'm so worried about this that my body physically aches .. I think I need a bath =/ 
I came back to the view to nap before my English class ... And instead , I end up reading the Lumberjack and emailing with my mom ... \ 
I think i need to sleep ... NOW !!! 
To my friends who are in the Honors program : would you be willing to pay $100 a semester to remain in the Honors program ?? 
Paperwork time !! D: So much to do xP 
