hangin with addison 

school was pretty good . Thanks to the peeps who wished me a happy birthday . 
doing crappy homework 
wow . theres school tomorrow . im raged 
I LIKE BISCUITS !!!!! 
should be doing homework 
what time is the game at ? 
Hey people , check out www.smouch.net/lol its hella funny 
gay ass homework . Then im gettin a buzz cut . 
It is wredi taht wehn I chngae lttesr aournd yuo can siltl raed it . Hlel yae ! 
It's hard to stay hard with cold hands . nuff said 
Happy to be home . 
I just realized that she kept my purple cancer wristband haha 
This is a good song . 
Hatefuck by The Bravery . Good stuff . 
This profiling of a person is a gamf . Time to make up an interview . 
Guns don't kill people , nuh uh , I kill people ... WITH GUNS . 
My mind has changed my body's frame but god I like it . My hearts aflame my body's strained but god I like it . 
Jokes got a little outa hand in fifth . My bad . 
I'm about to freak out . 
Gotta go to the DMV . 
The sad thing is , the only A- I have is in PE . If that were an A then I would have had a 4.0 
Germany is going to win the World Cup . Just sayin ' . 
Germany plays in two days . Go Deutschland ! 
Six hours until Germany beats < PROPFEMALE>'s ass . 
Very good day . 
Just deleted my myspace . 
My dog is finally asleep ... jesus . 
Obama's approval rating is down to 24% . Fail . 
I found a website FULL of techno music . My life is complete . 
I like techno . 
Thanks for the birthday wishes guys ! 
Did somebody say ... football ? 
Badass dream . Then I woke up . 
I start my homework , get distracted when I realize I don't have a song I like , download the whole album , stay distracted , get on facebook for an hour then realize it's late and go to bed . Homework completion : 0% , Procrastination skill : +5 . That's how champs do it . 
When life gives you lemons , put them in a pillowcase and beat the shit out of someone . 
It's better than Hitler's kill-to-death ratio . 
' I like to rub jelly all over myself . ' < PROPFEMALE > O'Donnell 
Is the book report for BOverstreet due tomorrow or Tuesday ? 
I've got 99 problems but a snack ain't one . 
\Every man dies . Not every man really lives . \"" 
Found outlines for every chapter in Earth and Its Peoples . Score . 
