Happy New Year everyone ! Hope your day was fabulous ! 1/1/11 Awesome date ... I just had fun writing it :) 

Wow , delete a little facebook account and everything goes and changes on ya ! I'm back :) 
There's just something about Wednesday ... it somehow just feels like all is well , just because Friday is at the bottom of the hill :) 
One Step Further\ 
Do more than exist : live . \ 
Do more than touch : feel . \ 
Do more than look : observe . \ 
Do more than read : absorb . \ 
Do more than hear : listen . \ 
Do more than listen : understand . \ 
Do more than think : reflect . \ 
Do more than just talk : say something . \ 
Author Unknown 
I get really frustrated sometimes .... I look out around the room and see no light bulbs above heads . Seriously , I'm beginning to wonder if there's even electricity in the building ! 
Cleaning house while your kids are still growing up is like shoveling the walk before it stops snowing 
Apparently there actually IS electricity on in the building !! 
Alright guys ! I hate football , don't ever get into it at all ... but seriously !! What game are these officials watching ! Who paid them and how much !??!!! 
State fair today ... good times .... I'm EXHAUSTED !!!! 
So very very glad to be home where nothing needs to be done ... ohh ... wait ... maybe not ... maybe I should go back to work !!? 
We're having a howling good time as Zach practices violin ! Literally ... The \music\ " makes the dog howl !! " 
is deeply saddened . Why is it that most people in this world who are doing right , are doing it quietly ? While people who are not doing right are making all the commotion ? Help me , Lord , to never again be ashamed to stand up for what I know is right ... 
Conferences ..... conferences .... conferences .... Whew !!! Glad it's done ! 
has never been so GLAD to be home ! I didn't let the door hit me on the way out ! 
Looking forward to a night out with the kiddos ! Gonna hit ROL trunk or treat !! <3 
really enjoyed hanging out at River of Life tonight with the boys ! I'm very thankful for the outreach they do for the city of Hot Springs . Deeply touched ! Thanks <3 
What's the score in the Arkansas game ?? Somebody ? Anybody ? 
is thankful for the faith of a child .... 
is about to help the boys murder a couple of pumpkins .... ewww .... I hate pumpkin guts ! 
You know you're getting old when it hits 7:30 and you start thinking .... ahhh ... bedtime ..... it hit's 8:00 and you start thinking , \I better get in bed ! It's WAY past my bedtime ! \"" 
As if this week hasn't been enough to make me want to run screaming .... I just broke a freekin tooth !!! I've heard that God won't put on us more than we can bear ... but I'm really starting to think that His opinion of what I can bear and mine are two very different things !! 
< PROPFEMALE > was right .... It is yesterday's tomorrow and ... the sun DID come out today !!!! :) 
Mathfest was awesome ! Hot Springs School District rocked ! :) We have some awesome kids that solved their hearts out today ! Must be because of all of those awesome teachers ! :) 
My baby just figured out on his own how to add < PROPFIRST > !!! He was playing a game on the computer , he asked for help . I just asked him if he had something he could count ... he held up his fingers :) He did it correctly , and he could tell me WHY he did it that way ! I LOVE it when kids think mathematically , and it's even BETTER when it's my own kiddo !! 
is the proud parent of an awesome teenager ! Besides loving him because I am his mom , I truly LOVE the person that he is . He's so much fun to be around ! I am truly blessed to have him . 
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Friday !! 
is thankful that there is so much laundry to do ... for it means , that my children are well clothed :) 
Glad to have narrative behind me ... practical ahead of me .... Now it's time to have some FUN at school !!! Have awesome learning planned to take place on the day before Thanksgiving break ... Now let's just hope the kids come in tomorrow like little sponges , ready to absorb all wisdom and knowledge !!!! :) 
WOOOO HOOOOOOOO !!!! Today is like Friday , ONLY BETTER !!!! 
Family is forever , no matter what . My cup runneth over ! :) 
Happy day , Turkey ! 
Was all set to go shopping tomorrow ..... had the game plan and everything ... but when dropping the kids off tonight , my car started acting like my alternator is going out ... I was told that if I went , I might get stranded ... Sad part is ... I'm still thinking about it . Tossing around in my head who could come and get me .... 
I braved Hurricane Black Friday at Wal-Mart ! Awesome !!! :) 
HOLY COW ! DID YOU SEE THAT ?!?! Wooooo Pig !!! 
OFFENSE !! What happened to the hogs ??? 
Today's my baby's 6th birthday ! He thinks he rules the world today ! Presents + chocolate cake = HYPER !!! 
Yay ! My car is fixed ! No hitch-hiking to work this week ! :) About to put the Christmas tree up , life is good ! 
After two weeks of some much needed procrastination .... I have finally scored 4 writing prompts ! Count them ! 1 ... 2 ... 3 ... 4 ... Wow !!! Now I only have 19 to go !! :( Have I ever mentioned how much I LOVE scoring writing prompts ?? 
A quote from an informational article about English Bulldogs ... \People with sensitive noses shouldn't own an English Bulldog . \ " There are 2 of them asleep at my feet at the moment . I AGREE ! Love my Bullies though ! <3 " 
MIGRAINE ..... Since Saturday .... I need RELIEF and can find none ... 
SECURITY NOTICE : All activities are monitored via 24 hour video surveillance monitored live on the web and recorded off premises . All violations will be prosecuted !!! 
Did someone ask for a video camera for Christmas ??? Maybe asking < PROPFEMALE > for a video camera is like asking God for < PROPFEMALE > ...... 
\Be our guest !! \ " Come out to OVPA tonight @6 for the final showing of the most amazing show we've ever done ... Beauty and the Beast ! Come and be WOWED by our Kinderg < PROPMALE > en through fourth graders ! They are AMAZING ! Our < PROPMALE > staff can't be beat ! GO OVPA ! " 
I'm very very proud of our students ! I am most honored to be able to say that I work at the BEST school ! Way to go , Ms. Hall ! The show was absolutely amazing ! 
Nyquil .... I need you now .... sure hope I'm not a zombie in the morning ! 2 more days .... 2 more days ... I can do 2 more days .... right ? 
Why does just about everything that a 13 year old says to his younger sibling have the words \your face\ " in it ???? " 
There were three deer in my yard just now ... so beautiful ... the dogs were at the fence barking at them ... they didn't mind them one bit , they stayed . I went and got my camera .... they stayed ... I took a picture .... or attempted to .... they stayed ... it's too dark the pictures didn't come out ! :( a beautiful sight to see , so wish my camera would've cooperated ! 
is LOVING not having to work this week ! Ahhhhhhh ... I needed this break ! 
FINALLY done shopping ! Plenty of time to spare ! :) Now .... who's going to wrap this stuff ???!!! Would I be a big scrooge if I just put the gifts in a big pile in the middle of the living room floor and say \Hey boys ... have at it ! \ " That's only since I've been informed tying the Walmart sack in a knot so that it loosely resembles a bow doesn't count as wrapping .... " 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all :) Perfect day with my family ! :) 
Nerf Dart War .... Thank you , God for blessing me with boys !!! And Thanks Grandpa for dart guns !!! Awesome day ! 
loving dancing around the living room with Zach to movie end credit tunes ! I love it so much because I know that in a few short years he will be too cool to dance with his mother . I know this because < PROPMALE > is looking at us like we've lost our minds ! 
Monday .... wow .... is the first day back at work too early to start counting till the next break ?? 
Chocolate syrup .... french vanilla coffee mate ... and an entire pot of coffee ... Awesome treat just for me !!! Might be just what I need to finish getting all of my grades in tonight !!! 
I think Zach is sleepwalking ... It's kinda creepy even when you know what it is !! Sleepwalking must run in the family ! 
It's a winter wonderland ! HSSD has canceled school already ! I've never known them to cancel until the last minute ! Wow ! I don't have to get up early in the morning ! :) 
Why did I get up at 5:30 a.m. on a SNOW DAY ??? :) stinkin ' alarm !! 
Another snow day tomorrow ... Lord have mercy on math test scores !!! 
Snowing again .... :) 
It's official ... our snow man has been brutally murdered !! His eyes , nose and mouth have been pecked out and he's partially decapitated !! Man ( bird ) hunt underway !! LoL That's what we get for making his face with Chex Mix when there are tons of hungry birds out there !!! :) 
HOLY COW !!! AGAIN !!!??? I Need to go teach some math !!!! Oh ... and reading and writing too ... aren't those NEXT WEEK ! I thought the roads were getting better in town ! They just closed 70W out here not far from me , but I thought they were good in town ! 
I really really want to know what the draw is for brothers to antagonize each other until one is crying and the other is sulking ? Really ? Is this fun for anyone ???? 
Even though I shopped before it snowed ... Ran out of milk yesterday , coffee is almost gone ... just emptied the coffee creamer ... I see Kroger's in my future !! Kinda funny how being stuck in the house makes the grocery < PROPMALE > go WAYY up , huh ? 
I've GOT to go to school ! Who's with me ???? 
HSSD gets to go to school tomorrow ! I'm wondering about LH ... the road in front of my house is still solid ice ! 
Went shopping at Walgreens .... Bought $71 worth of stuff ... Paid $13 ... and got $8 back in Walgreens rewards ... I'm loving the couponing thing !! 
mississippi one time .... mississippi two times .... mississippi three times .... mississippi eight times ... Violin practice ... A string concerto ... Lord help Mrs. J's ears !!! 
The most common phrase in my daily speech .... \BOYS !! STOP !! STOP NOW !! \"" 
If you like couponing ... go become a friend of my friend ... Cost Cutters ... she shares lots of little secrets !!! :) Go find her on facebook !! 
Is tomorrow jeans day ? 
..... MIGRAINE ..... and all of this free excedrin is doing NOTHING for it .... :( 
Coupon Alert ... Deal Valid Tomorrow only at Walgreens ... If you still have those $0.50 /2 Coupons on Chex mix ... you can get 6 chex mix for a total of 17 cents each . There's a sale making them $1.33 each , stack 3 of the chex mix coupons with the one from the Walgreens coupon book from the front of the store ... You'll pay $4.50 but get $3.50 back in rewards . you must by 6 for this deal to work . 
Redbull :) 
Today : Loads of laundry done , 0 . Number of dishes washed , 0 . Number of floors vaccuumed , 0 . Number of coupons clipped , 0 . A day to do absolutely nothing , priceless ! :) 
Betcha there's more free toothpaste on the horizon .... I'm gonna need to give some toothpaste away soon .... :) 
Zach : \I know why God makes it snow sometimes . \ " Me : \ " Really ? Why ? \ " Zach : \ " It's simple mom ! He likes to make kids happy ! Just like exclamation marks ! \ " Theology and punctuation lessons ( all in one ) from a 6 year old ! Gotta love it ! " 
Went grocery shopping ... My Kroger's total was $338 before coupons ... after ... $88 . I saved $250 !!!! My big challenge now on couponing ... DON'T go buy it ... no matter how cheap it is !! I have enough food to last the family at least a month ... maybe more ! Now to \tame the stockpile \"!!" 
okay ... I KNOW ... I said I'd quit shopping ... but when it's 8 packages of pasta for 12 cents ... does that count as shopping ??? Yeah , I know ... but I'm going back to Harvest Foods ... the Q expires today .... I can't help it !! 
Lasagna :) 
The headache isn't a lack of water .... I've been making sure I drink plenty !! 
The inevitable is .... inevitable ... no matter what you do ... 
Zach is running fever again ... once a month ... every stinking month ... What's the deal ? 
Does anyone need/want/use Silk Almond Milk ??? I have coupons and a match up for this week to get it for $0.99 if anyone wants it ! :) 
BED !! 
I <3 Kroger .... and I <3 Q's .... and I really need to stop shopping !! 
I just learned something new .... Wal-mart managers routinely pull items off of their shelves when there is a high value coupon out that would make the item free . They only restock the item after the high value coupons expire .... UGHHH Yet another reason to dislike the giant ! 
Snow day !! Wish they'd have decided that BEFORE I got up early ( or at least before I got the boys up ... they are in RARE form !! ) They are acting just like the kids at school have been acting all week long !! 
Feeding the birds .... they look hungry :) 
THV reported at 9 a.m. There were already 80 accident reports in the Hot Springs Area .... Be careful out there ... or just STAY home !! 
Power is flickering .... off ... on .... off ... on .... PLEASE GOD , Don't let us lose power !! It's cold ... my house is all electric ... wouldn't be good ... About to go trekking out to the shop to < PROPFEMALE > in that old Kerosene heter ... and hope I still have fuel ... better safe than sorry !! 
2 1/4 inches on the ground here now ... buses loaded at LH shortly after 9 a.m. I just saw almost 2 hours later the bus that WOULD have brought < PROPMALE > home pass by ( had I put him on that bus this morning ) ... almost two hours later that poor bus driver is only 15 minutes through his normal route ! We only live a half mile from the school ! 
What are our expected accumulation totals ??? The last I heard was 1-2 inches ... I must be behind the times ! 
Does anyone know if the bypass has reopened yet ? 
I'm doing the \Happy Walgreens Dance\ " First ... when you go during the superbowl ... no one is in there .... next ... My total before coupons ... $70 ... after ... $3.53 ... And I got $8 back in register rewards ... I'm calling that FREE !!! " 
It either rained snow ... or it snowed rain ... it's a sloggy mess out there ! YUCK ! Where's spring ? Let's go groundhog hunting !! 
.... and today I taught my friendly neighborhood Walgreens manager the < PROPMALE > of \filler items\ " :) " 
Coupons came in the mail ... I'm off to wags for 70 cent pasta sauce , 50 cent peanut butter , 75 cent ( 100 ct . ) Lipton tea bags , free toothpaste , free hand sanitizer and free breathe right strips . :) 
WAGS update ... spent $13 .. Got 4 pasta sauce , 2 boxes of tea bags , 4 peanut butter , 2 tubes of toothpaste , 3 capri sun , 3 cran grape juice , 3 hand sanitzers , and a handful of laffy taffy ( Fillers ) .... still have $11 in RR ... Yeah I'm bragging ... LoL 
My most recent text message : KARK ALERTS Extended Alert : Winter Storm warning in effect for < PROPMALE > County until 02/09/2011 18:00 . Need a generator ?......................... Lord I sure hope not !!! 
I have to keep reminding the boys that school tomorrow has NOT been canceled yet ... and that the official stance in this house is that tomorrow is an official school day ... Homework , bathtime , and bed time rules are still in effect !! 
Just got the call .... HSSD .... snow day #5 !!! Lord help our summer ! 
SNOWPOCALYPSE ..... It's here .... It's here ... LH decided they didn't want to play the second verse of the song \Last Friday\ " ... Back to bed .... phone woke me up ! :) " 
Nothing like snow falling to bring out my inner child !! I just watched the latest weather reports and it has accumulation totals lower than originally expected for Hot Springs .... I must admit ... I'm disappointed 
will not be shopping with coupons today ... :) See ??? I'm not addicted ... 
It's official ... Snow day #6 tomorrow ... Our superintendent encouraged parents to do educational activities with their children at home :) I told my students before we left on Tuesday that if we were out they had to do some math right after breakfast ... then they had to read after lunch ... One kid said \you mean we have to pretend we're in school ? \"" 
I scream .... You scream .... We all scream for snow cream ! I just made some for the first time in my life ... the boys LOVED it !! 
It's snowing again out here ! If I have to be out of work anyway ... BRING ON THE SNOW !! 
Does anyone else notice that after snow day #1 , FB was flooded with awesome snowman pics ? And now on snow day #6 ... not so much ? 
It's meeeeelllllllltttttttttiiiiinnnnnnggggg ..... The Sun will get you my pretty !! 
If calculations serve me .... I have enough laundry detergent to last me through the end of July ... and I paid less than $15 for ALL of it ... I'm thinking that's pretty good :) 
Love having a neighbor who works for Frito Lay ! Free Box of chips and peanut butter crackers ! Awesome ! 
thinks Little Caesars ' \Hot-n-Ready\ " idea is pure GENIUS !! " 
is pretty sure that the two boys are having a contest to see who can say \mom\ " more times in 15 minutes !!! I'm changing my name !!! (& They don't get to know what it is !! ) UGHHHHH " 
If anyone ever buys Danimals Yogurt ... Kroger has a good deal on them now ... the 6 packs are priced at 1.88 each . Many of the packages have \peelies\ " on them for $0.55 that will double ... so you can get the 6 pack of yogurt for $0.78 ! Pretty good deal ! " 
As < PROPFIRST>'s day winds to a close ... I reflect on Love ... and when it comes to love , I know two inherent truths ... First , I learned how to love from my mother . Unconditionally . Second , I learned what love REALLY is when my first child was born . For the truth that I know , I am truly blessed . And to think ... God loves us MORE than that ! Inconceivable to my Earthly mind ! 
oh wow ... < PROPMALE > just came in and said \Mom 
UGGGGGHHHHHHH 
Daytona 500 Baby !!! Go < PROPMALE > !! 
< PROPMALE > is showing me all of his writing ! My baby loves , loves , loves to write ... and I love , love , love his teacher for teaching him how !! I'm impressed with this kindergartener's writing !!!! 
I <3 Red Box ! 
Earthquakes .... KARK reported that Arkansas has had at least one ( sometimes several ) every day since Feb 12th ... I think I see Revelations ! 
Alright , I just counted the number of Quakes that have hit Arkansas since the beginning of February ... Are you ready for this ?? 218 !! They are getting stronger , and closer together ; sometimes as many as 23 a day ! Does anyone else wonder if these are New Madrid's labor pains ?? We all know what happens when contractions get stronger and closer together ... 
The Pythagorean Theorem ..... By coincedence , three Indian squaws are giving birth on the same night . One has a deer hide for a bed , and gives birth to a 5 lb . boy . Another has an antellope hide and gives birth to a 6 lb . boy . The third squaw has a hippopotamus hide ( she travels alot ) and births an 11 lb . boy . \ 
Which proves that the son of the squaw on the hippopotamus = the sum of the sons on the other 2 hides . 
Did anyone just feel anything that seemed like an Earthquake ??? Or did my dogs try to break down the door while I was in the shower ??? 
is clippin ' q's 
After sitting cross-legged on the floor for an extended period of time ... I realized why I no longer hold reading groups at the carpet ... It took me a couple of minutes to get fully upright again ... I had to do it in stages , straightening out one body part at a time . Wow , what's with this ?!? I'm not even old yet !! Then again , my concept of \old\ " is constantly changing ... " 
Zach ( Batman ) has changed his mind about his future career ... He doesn't want to be a teacher like his mom ( He says because teachers should be allowed to hit kids and they're not ! HE said it ... not me ! ) He now wants to be a doctor ! My he's all over that pay scale isn't he ??? 
too much to do ... score writing prompts , do lesson plans .... feel too tired and run down to do any of it ! I need a nap !! 
Okay ... since I had such a productive day and accomplished everything I needed to ( NOT ! ) I'm going to bed ! I did however plan Math ... go figure that's the part I do first ... 
I tend to forget this ... but my first job ... my most important job ... Is just being a mom ... 
can only imagine how this song sounds with a bunch of kindergarten boys wearing taps ! This is one excited little boy , he's hamming up his performance ... and big brother approves ! 
Head cold ... I feel like I'm going to drown in dehydration .... the motion of the waves is making me sea sick and dizzy ... My mouth and throat are so dry it hurts to talk ... now off to school where 23 kids will be waiting on me to teach them something .... ugggghhhhhh 
........ Spring ..... break ...... ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
Today is house cleaning day ... and as < PROPMALE > rolls his eyes back in his head and breathes his loudest possible angry sighs ... I hear my Daddy's words from my own childhood ringing in my ears ... \What good are munchkins if they don't do chores !?! \ " I absolutely LOVE turning into my parents ! " 
Just came back from Wags where I made more in Register Rewards than I spent ... So I essentially had more money when I left than when I went in ... by $8 !! Free items ! 9 of them !! Total Savings 78.14 ! I only paid tax on the items and have more in Register rewards to roll next week ! Gosh this is fun ! Need to get organized for Kroger !! My coupons serve me well ! 
Life of a mom : \STOP ! Don't hit him ! DON'T bite the dog ! Why are you licking the floor ? Dog toys do NOT belong in the fridge ! Sit down ! Whose crying now ?? SHHH ! \"" 
Kroger run ... Paid $28 for $87 worth of groceries .... not bad :) More free pasta ... need to find someone to give free pasta to .... 
< PROPMALE>'s first sleepover is underway . The twins from his class are here and right off the bat , they want to play school . Zach says it's free writing time first ... then he wonders if I can \PRETEND\ " like I'm a teacher and do reading groups ! Nahhh ... I don't think I know how to do that .... lol " 
Shhhh .... be verrry verrrryyyy quiet ! They're ALL asleep ! Whew ! 
Last WAGS run of the week ... over $200 worth of merchandise for $10.71 plus I have $25 in rewards for next time ! Man this is great ! Savings today ... 96.5% !! 
Here it is the last day of spring break .... and somehow it went from feeling like spring break to feeling more like winter break !! Now that it feels like winter again , we get to go back to the real world !! Bye bye spring break ! :( 
I love math ! I've always been good at it , and I LOVE teaching it ! So why is it that every time < PROPMALE > brings home his 8th grade math homework , I'm forced to go and google these algebraic terms to remember what they are ?!? It's because my brain knows that I DON'T have to remember ! After all , isn't that what google is for ? LoL I'm beginning to think that the internet is responsible for my own \dumbing down\ " !! LoL " 
Zach's big revelation of the day : \Mom !! Mom !! I just learned how to do the arm fart !! \"" 
Parent teacher conferences ... TWO nights ... they're over but the conferences aren't!! UGH 
Goodness .... I've NEVER been so glad to see a weekend !! 
Just left WAGS with $3.20 MORE in my pocket than I had when I went in ( Register Reward didn't print ) ... Plus left with$33 in stuff . :) Puppies are happy with thier free doggie treats ... and I'll be excited to drink my free coffee ... :) :) :) 
Oh !! Beautiful Saturday .... How I've missed you !! 
Of all the skills I've taught this year ... the most important ??? LISTENING !!!! Let's see how well we've mastered that one !! 
After lots and lots of dreading ... I FINALLY filed my taxes ! WOO HOO ! 
