is happy in the New Year . Have a good one ! 

Home is nice once in awhile . 
is going back to camp today . 
Music blasting from the Culp : How did they obtain my playlist ? Lol . 
is optimistic about the semester . The first day of classes was spifferrific . 
Amicus(my new Beta fish ) didn't die while I was gone . I'm so happy . 
can finally relax for the day . Today was fun . I accomplished a lot . 
finished baking tilapia . Yummy . 
is sad because her desktop is dead once again ... I will have to take it back to me dad and see what's up . Otherwise I'm exiled again ... 
' s mind has flown off , but will hopefully return . 
finally has a computer in her room . Fun stuff . 
is extremely happy and relieved , because she was admitted into the Edu Program today . Happy day ! 
believes a little bit of mud is a wonderful thing . 
loves Asheville . It's so artsy and fantabulous ! 
wishes there was more time in the week to get things done . 
So much to do , and no time to play . I should start working ... 
is painting like a mad woman . 
is happy it's Wednesday . 
wants to get as much work done as possible this weekend . Productivity is a must .. 
loves the language options on facebook ... 
Black Friday .... yay .... 
is thankful for all the wonderful birthday wishes she is recieving today . Thanks !! 
is exstatic that half of her critics/exams are over . Only three more to go . 
Snow !!!??? And tons of it . 
is back from ETSU and the snow . 
is loving her new laptop . It's nice to have something that works .... ( knock on wood ) . 
is glad that the was too mushy for the snow to lay . 
wonders why the sky won't stop spitting out fluffy white stuff . 
is enjoying the weekend . Oh , beautiful day ! 
believes that playing the part of the Cat in the Hat is quite satisfying . Oh , to be an elementary school celebrity . 
is heading home Friday night and staying until Tuesday . Yay ! Spring break . 
is home . 
woke up to a cream and tan puff at her feet . 
has realized that spring break equals unproductivity . I'm not sure how I feel about that . I hate being idle ... 
enjoyed her time home , but is happy to be back at ETSU . Oh how I love productivity . There's so much to do . Yay ! 
is super excited about tommorrows trip to Richmond ! 
is ready to out . Hopefully the weather will hold up . 
does not appreciate day light savings time on a Sunday . 
enjoys decking out in one of her favorite colors . Happy St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day ! 
is excited about today's AR meeting . I get to see everyone ! 
' s throat is swollen blah . Time to go back to bed . 
is hoping she'll have enough energy for tomorrow's project : lots of sleep and plenty of coffee in the morning . 
is going to work of the mural project for the second and hopefully final day . It's turning out well . 
Is done for the day . What to do now ? A nap sounds good . 
has red hands . Crayola markers are not as washable as they may claim ... 
has been advised for her last semester of classes(hopefully ) . Exciting ! 
Is home until Sunday noonish . 
is back on campus . 
went to the \Vagina Monologues\ " then < PROPMALE > out at Relay for Life . Tonight was productive . Valisa and the other actresses were absolutely AMAZING ! " 
loves ' family ' reunions . It's good to have ' family time ' agian . 
is congestive and has a cold , but somehow has energy ... the power of psuedophendrine . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > . 
is happy she < PROPFEMALE > early this morning . What a wonderful thing : an early start . 
just registered for three Praxis exams and the GRE . Part of me wants to scream .. but all will be well . I'll just have to study ... study ... study all summer long . 
has been super productive : changed her car's oil(with supervision ) yesterday , is almost settled in her summer ' home ' , and spent lots of time with her Grandmother . I love productivity ! 
is heading to < PROPMALE > tomarrow after seeing her Gram . 
is bored , but will have to make due . 
wants to go on a walk , but the skies have just opened up . Maybe it'll subside soon . I need to get out . 
finally went on the walk she was craving . 
is energetic as ever and ready to get out today . 
enjoys early starts . 
is ready for classes to start tomarrow .. or is she ? I guess we'll find out . 
is taking the Praxis II PLT exam today . Time to complete one of the many steps in becoming an educator . 
can breath now that she has a month before anymore life deciding exams . 
thinks it is a splendid and a half kind of day . Best wishes to all on this fine morning . 
is excited that today's storm isn't due til after her Monday swim . 
officially loves swing dancing . 
family + food + fireworks = one happy < PROPFEMALE > . This year's Independence Day was a success . I hope everyone had a splendid day as well . 
today was good . Splendid even . Though I miss my sisters ... 
did rock awesome on her Praxis II PLT . Scores are in and I passed . Now only two more Praxis II tests to go and one GRE . 
just submitted all of the lovely paperwork associated with graduating and student teaching . 
while studying french unconsciously snapped/popped her mouth(noise made pressing back of tongue to soft pallet ) and instantly thought of her sisters < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . 
Roan Mountain here we come . 
never knew how tasty raw asparagus is . Yum , yum . 
a fini avec classe de francais . Anyone taking French 1010 at ETSU this fall ? I'll sell you my book for cheap . 
has officially passed all of her needed Praxis exams . 
is heading home for the weekend this afternoon . 
is heading off to Sevierville then back to < PROPMALE > . 
is finally caught up with homework and work overall . It's a wonderful feeling . 
' bumped ' into two wonderful people today . We need to get together and do things ... < PROPFEMALE > ... < PROPFEMALE > ... 
is going to go throw down some < PROPMALE > . Fun times . 
' s muscles are screaming and/or singing . Jogging/walking/running , crunches , and rock climbing on a Sunday afternoon make for a fun workout . 
FREE CAKE NO CLASS !!! Mini Dome tomorrow . 
strongly believes the cake was splendifirous ! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Bigford HAPPY BIRTHDAY my dear friend . I'm sure this new year of life will be splendid with a side of spiffy and a tall glass of amazing . 
turned on her heat for ten minutes ... then had to turn it off . I can't stand how dry the air gets . Oh .. but it's cold . 
is prepared for a busy day of learning , work , and oh yeah a Modern History midterm . As an < PROPMALE > student I sometimes forget that tests exist until days like this . 
is done ... with her work for the week . What a relief . Stress be gone . 
thinks that everyone who can should come to the archway at Centennial Hall between 6:30 pm and 7:30 pm tonight for a spooky haunted house(hall ) . 
is taking the GRE tomorrow morning . Wish me luck . 
< PROPFEMALE > Day HAPPY BIRTHDAY friend ! We shall celebrate when you visit ; that way you'll have two birthday weekends . 
is enjoying the snow . How pleasant ! 
and < PROPFEMALE > Schlitt surpassed their goal to swim one mile before Christmas today . Wowzers . 
has had a fruitful day of banner making with the wonderful members of RHA . 
is super excited about today's ' visitor ' . 
had a splendid and a half day with < PROPFEMALE > Day . I'm looking forward to Thanksgiving weekend . 
wants to share great news with all . Sigma < PROPFEMALE > Lambda(Leadership and Comm . Service Org . ) is hosting a Bake Sale in the 2nd Floor of the Culp . This org . does a ton of good in the community help make their endeavors fruitful . 
is currently doing a < PROPFEMALE > victory dance for RHA for receiving third place in the homecoming banner competition . Kudos to everyone who worked on it to make it amazing ! 
is excited about Saturday and hopes that < PROPFIRST > Schmidt and < PROPFEMALE > Day just as pumped up as she is . 
Time to fight against violence on children by simply changing your FB profile picture to a cartoon character(s ) from your childhood . Invite all your friends to do so too . By Dec 6th 2010 , FB should be absent of human faces . Seems like a simple way to make an impact . 
** Important**People\ 
Change Your Profile Pics Back to YOU , Because The Group That Told Us \ 
All to Change our Pics To Our Fav Cartoon Characters Were A Group of \ 
\Pedopophites\ " . They\ " re Doing It Because Kids Will Accept TheirRequests \ 
wishes her nose would take a break and stop running . Really its gotta be exhausted by now . 
is about to begin and a day of printmaking the book searching . 
is truly thankful for the humidifier her mother brought her Saturday . I can breath it's a wonderful thing . 
is thankful for all the wonderful birthday wishes she has received this morning . THANK YOU ! You've really made my day ! I hope everyone's day is splendid to the infinite power . 
is home till the 29th . 
Back in < PROPMALE > . 
is enjoying her first cup of coffee from her new french press . This is yummy stuff and to think how simple it is to use . Splendid ! 
is ready for the snow to take a vacation . It's worked hard enough ... 
keeps hearing running and heavy footsteps above her .... There's only the roof above my room . Weird < PROPFEMALE > of what ? 
wants to thank < PROPFEMALE > Owens for joining her on their adventure through Jonesborough yesterday . What a cute town , so much history . 
wishes her mother , < PROPFEMALE > Murphy , the happiest of birthdays , and can't wait to see her today ! 
believes that orange-cranberry scones + English breakfast tea = AMAZING ! 
believes that orange juice is truly sunshine in a glass . Mmmmm .... tasty . 
is excited that < PROPFEMALE > woke up . 
has to agree with many others . Snow .. why ?! 
is back at her own apartment and misses being catered to , but likes the idea of being able to take care of herself again . Bye bye wisdom teeth . 
had a blast at Silent Disco . It was amazing ! 
suddenly has a sore throat .. not good . Does anyone know of a good walk-in clinic in < PROPMALE > that's open on Saturdays and takes insurance ? 
