I really hope everyone has been able to enjoy a wonderful holiday break . 

Had an amazing anniversary trip to Hawaii to celebrate 15 years of marriage ... Yippee ! I am now off again to pick up my kids from camp . 
Getting back to reality after a long vacation .... really sucks . :) 
Not sure what to do today ... don't want to do housework . 
Check out the Hawaii album ... it was a blast . 
Thank you soooo much for all the birthday wishes ... I really appreciate it . You are all too sweet . 
Taking a quick trip to Texas to see my grandma today ... girls are leaving with dad for their annual backpacking father/daughter trip . 
My kids are growing up too fast . In two weeks I will have two in middle school . 6th and 7th grade ... can't believe it . My littlest is a third grader this year . WOW ... I feel old . 
My first big student teaching seminar was today ... wow , it is going to be a packed semester . A lot to do in just 16 weeks . ONE DAY AT A TIME ! 
Looking forward to my visit with my brother-in-law from Nebraska 
Whew , all I can say is I am beat after a full day \student teaching\ " and then a full night of kids sports activities . Where is my bed ? :) " 
I spent 10 minutes trying to open the door to the wrong car at the end of the school day . 
Been walking in the morning ... it is so peaceful at that time . I like it . 
I am very congested and feeling awful ... yea :) 
My first classroom observation went very well :) I was given a raving review . It feels great . 
I have the most supportive friends ... thanks to all . 
WOW ... tough day , made a mess with my lesson . Didn't go well . Hope tomorrow is better . 
Thank goodness I remembered my all day Saturday class ... almost forgot about it . 
Student teaching is going well ... kids are so funny . They make me laugh . A kindergärtner called the gym teacher \gym\ " today because she thought that was his name . " 
Great weekend ... hung out with our long time best friends the < PROPFIRST>'s who made fabulous ribs . < PROPFEMALE > won both soccer games ... and < PROPMALE > played her heart out in basketball . It was a great weekend . < PROPFIRST > Hanson < PROPFIRST > 
Had a wonderful time in Winter Park ... sledding , and playing with great friends . 
Whew , I did it ... I have received my outstanding review for my student teaching project and I am done . I officially graduate . Finally ... :) 
Guess what ? I have been asked to fill in a par t-t ime , permanent substitute position at < PROPMALE>'s school . We'll see if I get it . 
I seriously need a break from that holiday break . 
I am enjoying the time off ... getting things done around the house , being at home when my kids arrive , taking time to read again . It is really awesome and I love it . 
I recently read the new book ... \The Shack\ " ... it was an amazing story . I recommend the book . I loved it . " 
Too much paperwork to fill out when getting the teaching license from CDE . No wonder it takes months to get this done . 
Today is a good day ... :) 
My girls and I have started running together after school . It has been fun . Looking to keep it up as our new routine . Our goal is to run in a 5k or 10k next year . It would be fun if we keep this resolution . 
My daughters are so cute ... they cleaned up the house and did a fabulous job . I didn't even ask . 
Beautiful , < PROPFEMALE > day . I love days like this . :) 
Took a nice coffee break with < PROPFEMALE > and held little < PROPMALE > for a while . What a cuttie . :) 
Great short run today ... Nicole is a pro and the other two are awesome ... mom is still bringing up the rear . Anyone know how to get rid of < PROPFEMALE > splints ? : 0 
Hmmm .... sitting here and I don't know what to do with myself today . 
Brrr ... it's cold out there ! :) 
Putting my house back in order and then the family is going to play basketball together . It will be a great day . :) 
If you believe your Daughter(s ) is one of God's greatest blessings on the face of this earth , copy and paste this as your status and give them a hug ! I ? MY DAUGHTER ? ( 3x ditto ) We had a blast today playing basketball and soccer ... what a beautiful day :) 
Yesterday ... Rachael's cheer team took 2nd at the State Competition . Way to go < PROPFEMALE > ! So proud of her :) 
Got a daughter home sick ... fever , cough , sore throat . Poor baby :( 
Urbandictionary meaning of Christina : The coolest , cutest , nicest girl ever . With the best personality , also very quick witted and very smart . Everyone should get to meet her at least once . 
This is the second meaning of my name by urbandictionary : A smart girl with no common sense but is smart and funny and has great \what in the world ? \ " momments . " 
What a great game ... especially when you get together with amazing friends . It was a fun time :) Brees was on his game . 
Love my friends and family :) 
Friend of mine posted this information about the loss of friends on the news feed .... Facebook is blocking all of your friends ' news feeds except the 250 they randomly choose . To Undo , From HOME < PROPFEMALE > , select MOST RECENT then scroll to bottom of < PROPFEMALE > , click \Edit Options\ " ( bottom right side ) . Type 5000 instead of 250 for FB's maximum friend limit & your feed will work again . Please disregard if you have ... " 
Everyone enjoy the < PROPFIRST>'s weekend ! :) 
Great weekend ... family fun , sledding , swimming ... date night ... get together with fabulous friends . Couldn't be a better < PROPFIRST>'s weekend . :) 
My head is pounding , my ears are aching , and my nose is running . It's kicking my butt today ... :) 
Still recovering and not very well , but I had a great breakfast this morning with a dear friend . 
Played soccer with the girls and some neighbor kids ... It was really fun . ;) I'm the worst one out there , but who cares . 
Attended Substitute Orientation ... one step away from the official call to teaching . :) Yippee !! 
It's a winter wonderland again . :) 
What's your favorite joke ? 
SHOVELING ... yuck :( It is driving me crazy . Love the snow , hate to shovel . Took me two hours this morning because I let it go and decided to wait , turned to ice because of it . 
Very tired today ... can't seem to get moving :) 
Running errands today . Yeah , so fun :) 
Although it was a bit cold ... it was still a fun day at the park :) 
Monday ... yuck ! 
My first assignment was yesterday and it went really well ... they were a rough fourth grade class , but we got through it . :) 
Had a ball watching \The Blindside\ " with < PROPFEMALE > . It is a great movie ... loved it . :) " 
I have so much fun playing basketball with my girls ... lt is a blast :) 
It's chilly today :) Going out for errands ! 
Had a great weekend . :) Now for the chores and housework :( 
Men are like toilets . They're either vacant , engaged or full of shit . 
When life seems like an uphill climb ... take comfort in the fact that you're mooning everyone behind you ! 
I ain't saying the customer service in my bank is bad , but when I wentin the other day and asked the clerk to check my balance ... she leanedover and pushed me ! 
Todays game - PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence .... INGLEWOOD , CA 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are on the Principal's Honor Roll and I am going to go watch the ceremony . :) GO GIRLS ! 
Just won tickets to see < PROPFIRST > Mayer ... I get a limo ride from my house , dinner , and suite tickets . :) Can't believe it . Yahooooooo ! It was an < PROPFEMALE > 1059 contest . 
Wow ... what a snow storm ... Shoveling sucks . You should've seen us leaving in a limo last night . < PROPFIRST > had to push the limo 2 times to get it out of the snow . We had a fabulous time in the suite watching < PROPFIRST > Mayer rock out on the guitar . He is amazing . Fun night , even with the scary snow storm . 
Only in Colorado can you shovel in a t-shirt , jeans , and boots because it is < PROPFEMALE > and warm . :) 
Played some B-ball with the whole family and I am sewing with the girls . What a fun day ! 
Spring Break has been a blast ... enjoyed the time with family and friends . Too bad it has to end . :( 
I have begun the slow process of cleaning up the yard and going through the toys to get rid of any that are broken . 
Beautiful day today :) 
Will it rain or not ? That is the question ... weather keeps messing with us . 
What were the pranks you pulled today that worked really well ? Funny April Fool moments ? 
Today is a great day for a walk around East Lake ... after I clean my toilets . :) 
Hilarious playing tennis in this wind ... but we had fun . :) 
Taught a pre-k class today and I had a fun time :) 
Doing laundry and house work to get ready for California this Friday . It is for < PROPFEMALE>'s Cheerleading Competition , but we get to go to Disney Land/California Adventure . 
Never mind ... I am off to teach High School < PROPMALE > class at Mountain Range . Wish me luck . 
Can't believe I woke up to snow ... :) 
So behind on packing .... need to get to it because we leave at 4:30 am in the morning . Less than 24hours . Yipppeeee ! :) 
The teams did great and we are so proud of our cheer teams . Way to go ! Disney Land and California Adventure were awesome . Fabulous trip . 
Going in to teach 4th grade today ... yipee ! 
Girls went to work with dad and are very excited to go ! 
I had a fun day with the 4th graders ... went better than I expected . :) 
The box ... weird movie . Wish I felt better today ... stomach is killing me . 
Feeling under the weather ... :( Too bad , Oh well , can't stop going though . 
Funny day with the 1st graders ... they are too cute . :) 
Having a hard morning ... feverish , headache , sore throat , stuffyness , achy feeling all over . 
Going to the doctors to see if < PROPMALE > broke her arm . :( Poor girl . 
< PROPMALE > got her hard cast today ... suppose to keep it on for three/four more weeks . She said , \With the hard cast ... I can jump on the trampoline ! :) \"" 
Big Weekend ... Nicole's 13th birthday :) ! It still amazes me that my daughter has hit the teens ... here it comes ! :) 
Tonight is the big sleepover for < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday . Can't wait :) 
Barely any sleep .... girls had a blast and my husband was the greatest , big help . :) Fun was had by all . :) 
Tomorrow we leave for Grand Junction to watch < PROPFEMALE>'s big soccer tournament . :) 
Had fun at field day with the Kindergarten class and now I am off to pack for Grand Junction ... whooohooo :) 
Girls did awesome in the competition ... they got 2nd place . So cool . Way to go < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
Scrubbing my house . Half of it is clean ... doing the other half tomorrow . :) 
I have been at < PROPFEMALE>'s field day all day and it was fun . I was in charge of the kickball event . :) 
Going to take Grammy to Shrek with the girls and then < PROPFEMALE > Garden for lunch . Boys are at the Senior PGA Golf tournament down south . They are enjoying themselves . :) 
Since #1 turned 13 , getting a lot of \Mom ... whatever ! \ " followed by a roll of the eyes . I don't seem to know anything anymore . lol :) " 
Summer events have taken off with a big bang ! Already running around :) 
I have amazing kids ... they are the best and a huge help to their mom ... great at giving me a hand . Couldn't ask for a better bunch of girls . :) 
Had a fun day yesterday ... biked to a near by Thornton pool and swam with the family . It was a great day . :) 
Fabulous weekend ... Had a blast in Breckenridge with the Chavez's and Singer kids , and a great day on Saturday hanging with the Singer's , plus a fun day with the family on Sunday . It was so cool . :) 
Time to get ready for the big Lake trip event . Yahoo ! :) 
Awesome time at the Lake ... it was such a blast . Glad everyone could make it . Can't wait till we do it again . :) 
Enjoyed the car wash for cheerleading ... it was fun . We will have one a month in July and August . Anyone need a good clean car ... I'll let you know when the next one is . :) 
A coincidence is when God performs a miracle , and decides to remain anonymous . \ " , 201 0-0 6-27 23:45:26 " 
Dogs come when they're called ; cats take a message and get back to you later . 
My oldest girls are at camp right now . They are going to have a blast . Will miss them though . :) 
Happy 4th everyone ... enjoy a fabulous day :) 
Missing my girls ... look forward to picking < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > up on Wednesday . I can't wait to hear how awesome camp was . :) 
My girls and hubby are back from their weekend father/daughter camp out . They had a blast and I am glad they are all home safe and sound . My weekend was awesome too . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > for all the fun on your boat ... it was the best :) 
< PROPMALE > is at camp now ... I miss her , but she is going to have a blast . Go < PROPMALE > !! :) 
Thanks to all my wonderful friends and family for making my day . You are all the best . We had a great day and it was fun . :) 
So much to do ... so little time :) 
Does anyone know how to unfriend someone ... I thought she was someone I know , but it turns out I don't know her at all and I don't know how to delete it . :) 
16 years of marriage to a wonderful man , fabulous dad , and amazing husband ... Happy Anniversary to us . :) 
My girls start school today ... wow , did that come up really fast :) 
I head up to Fort Collins this evening for a soccer game with Nicole ... first game of the tournament :) 
< PROPFEMALE>'s team placed 3rd in the soccer tournament this weekend ... yipee !! It was a hot , but fun weekend watching soccer . 
This week has been very busy and not much time to catch our breath ... oh , the joys of school and sports . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > had a great game and won 2-0 , < PROPMALE > played hard but they lost by one touchdown . It was a good game and she was awesome out there . :) Go Girls ! 
Week is starting off ... :) 
Mowed the lawn and having a very busy day . :) 
It has been a very interesting weekend for me ... totally sick and out for the count . Real fun ... :( NOT 
Enjoyed a very relaxing , fun , exciting weekend with two of the best friends anyone could ask for . Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Smith for being an amazing host in Phoenix ... and thanks to < PROPFIRST > for going with me . 
I love this weather ... sunny and cool . It is awesome . :) 
< PROPMALE > is an amazing little football player ... she took on two guys who kept ganging up on her and throwing her to the ground . She < PROPMALE > tough and got them a few times too . :) So proud of my little girl . She is one tough cookie . 
< PROPFEMALE > won her soccer game ... she is kicking butt . I'm so proud of her . :) 
Adore my daughters . They are so helpful . I am blessed to have such a wonderful husband and kids . :) 
Getting ready for a full weekend of soccer ... tournament time . :) 
Another day as a substitute ... hope today is a great one . :) 
Loved watching < PROPMALE > play football ... it was a really good game eventhough they lost . They played so hard . :) 
I love this fall weather ... a fire with a book sounds awesome . :) 
We had a fabulous time at the Martins ... I love carving pumpkins . The kids did a great job on their carvings . It was fun to dress up in costume and < PROPFEMALE > out with dear friends . :) 
Every person has 1000 wishes . A cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know that 97% will not post this as their status , but I know that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status , at least for an hour , in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still fighting it ! 
Gotta love Fall ... the pumpkins , leaves , and weather . This is so much fun . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > took 1st yesterday against some tough competition . Way to go girl :) 
Middles school kids ... hopped up on < PROPFEMALE > , with little sleep ... makes for an interesting teaching day . :) 
Second interview ... went well !! Hoping for the best :) 
Unfortunately , I came in second ... Principal highly encourages me to keep applying , said he was impressed and that I didn't do anything wrong , just found a candidate that had a skill needed for the students . I'm sad , yet know the right place for me is out there somewhere . :) 
Talked with the two teachers I was suppose to work with ... they were more upset than I was about being turned down for the job . Glad to know they saw me as a valuable professional . It felt good to know how much they wanted me to get the position . :) 
Been a great week . I love this weather ... except scraping ice off the windshield and getting the door frozen so you can't get in the car . :) 
What a great movie day !! 
Always fun to joke around and < PROPFEMALE > with close friends . What a great day !! 
Five days off ... I'm excited . Can't wait to eat a big turkey dinner . :) 
What are you thankful for ? \ 
Friends , family , joyful moments\ 
hanging decorations with the family\ 
laughing so hard you have to pee\ 
People who lend a helping hand to a stranger\ 
snow , sunshine , and lightning storms\ 
Beautiful sunsets and sunrises\ 
moments that take your breath away 
House is decorated ... so excited . It feels like Christmas :) 
Thank God for small blessings . :) 
Lots of errands to get done today . Hope I make it . :) 
Poem by < PROPFEMALE > MUSIC SPEAKS\ 
Music speaks what cannot be expressed ... \ 
soothes the mind and gives it rest ... \ 
heals the heart and makes it whole ... \ 
flows from heaven to the soul 
I love spending time with close friends ... it is the best part of any day . :) 
Break has official started for me ... I am so excited for the time with my family and friends . I look forward to spending time with you all and I love this season :) 
Tomorrow is Christmas Eve ... I am so excited !!! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all !! With lots of love from the Siebels family :) 
Woke up to snow this morning and had to shovel ... what a way to start reality after a two week vacation . What a blast ... the cruise was amazing , had fun in Missouri with family , Texas with Grandma . All in all a fabulous trip . Not excited about reality , but good to be home . :) 
I am really ill ... started Wednesday night ... fever , sore throat , ear ache , body aches , and chills . To name a few :) lol Great way to start the new year . Hope this goes away really soon . 
Interview today ... Find out Tuesday if the job is mine :) 
Had another interview ... we'll see what happens . :) 
Girls are using old sock to sew and make their own puppets and stuffed animals ... they are too cute . Great job girls and so creative . 
Just found out there is no school tomorrow either ... school is closed and they are off till the following Monday ... Thursday and Friday are PT conferences for Adams . 
It's 9am and -15 ... nice day for a walk in the park :) lol 
I am debating being an idiot and trying to sled in this ... we shall see . It may only last for a few minutes . 
Having trouble with the car battery ... keeps dying on me and won't start . Thanks to < PROPFIRST > a super friend who has bailed me out and started my truck a few times . Hope this gets fixed soon . Such a pain :) 
Had a fabulous time at the superbowl party ... great to see everyone again . 
