... I can't believe he's gone ... 

is tired .. I stayed up until like 4 ....... and I don't remember what I was doing ! 
I want it all ( And I want it smothered in chocolate with a < PROPFEMALE > on top XDeuce ) 
Got a new laptop .... ( It would taste better covered in chocolate lol :D euce ) 
My mom still hasn't sent my pills .... I'm getting symptoms ..... body failing .... tired .... tired .... swimming ..... no ... 
Well I've left the great city and have returned to this dead sad excuse for a town ... I'm back on my med's , and I'm with my mom ... yea everything's back to normal 
is a Super Saiyen . 
Ok so maybe wearing the black pants , black shirt , and black hat to church in the 100 degree weather wasn't the best idea ... but at least I looked good . 
Wore all black again today ; an because it had to be , the temp was around 490 . You think I'd learn after a while ... 
Why is it that when I'm trying to think of something to do in this town I get nothing ? ... this is no not New York ... 
Ok ... logic says whay you're saying is wrong ... but don't worry I'll listen for now , and correct you when you're done . 
It's my grandpa's birthday today !! so everyone who has some weird sudden urge to call me , DON'T . My grandfathers going to be getting a lot of calls today . 
Mom : Najee you can't wear that , it's a woman's blouse Najee : But it looks GOOD ! haha well guess I'm not wearing that . 
Najee 1 : I'm hungry . Najee 2 : Yeah , me too . Najee 1 : I think I want a sandwich . Najee 2 : That sucks ' cause I'm not getting up . 
My mom just called me ' bubble ' , a nick-name she gave me when I was a baby , and I just realized something . I STILL RESPOND TO IT ! lol I'm not sure if i should laugh or cry 
THERE'S A PIMPLE THE SIZE OF THE FRIGGIN ' < PROPFEMALE > ON MY CHEEK !!!!!! 
looked like a beast today . AND YOU'RE ALL MAD ABOUT IT lol ( way to be humble ) 
Very tired . Got some last minute things to do . Then I'm going to bed and hope the food I ate tonight will give me the energy I'll need tomorrow . 
HAPPY THANKS-FRICKIN-GIVING !!!!! 
my grandparents found my Mp3 player . YESSSSS ! it's been lost for almost 2 years . 
ok so i get home do to my room and lay down then i realize something . every time i exhale , there my breath is in front of me . WHY IS IT SO COLD ? AND WHY MY ROOM ? 
Mindless crap being posted on my < PROPFEMALE > makes me WANT TO KILL IN THE THOUSANDS !! hahaha ... i need help ... 
Reminisce : 
An orangutan grows to a height of 5ft but will have an arm span of 7ft ... that means he can be stanfing a full < PROPFIRST > away from you and still backhand you lol 
somehow i'm going to get blamed for this snow ... I know it 
< PROPFEMALE > FRIGGIN CHRISTMAS !!!! 
3 hours later and I'm not any closer to finishing this thing . I guess this wont be a one night thing . Still fun though . Come on Najee if you can see the future you can do this * Enters Binns/Sage Mode * 
HA ! I friggin got it ! Little punk , you can't stump me ... lol 
Crap . I got so into this puzzle I forgot about what < PROPFEMALE > said . She's going to kill me in the morning , oh well I can start fixing it now . 
Fell asleep , woke up and finally finished it . 
Dedication : Last night I slept on the floor because the puzzle pieces were on my bed in order and I didn't want to move them ... 
I put mt nacho cheese and my nachos in different bowls . and while i was pouring the nachos one of them got in the cheese by accident . and i found myself saying \Oh crap . I got nachos in my nacho cheese\ " ........... " 
Whoever said i can't fix a relationship clearly hasn't asked me . lol 
< PROPMALE > Castro came into power on this day .... somehow I feel this is my fault . ( lol ) 
Thank you everyone for wishing my a happy birthday . 
Today was a good day ... wait .. I can't believe it . Today really was a good day ! Something must be wrong . pigs must be flying , ducks are mooing and the horses are eating each other . yes horses eating eachother read the bible !! ( lol ) 
I AIN'T GONNA BE PART OF YA SYSTEM . I TOOK IT AND THREW IT ON THE GROUND !!!! 
move forward . stop . left sidestep . pivot , right elbow . step in right , quarter turn left , right 360 crescent kick . land . right knee . right knee . And if they don't fall after that ; run ! 
ughh . let me ask you something body : why do you do this to me ? i didn't do anything to get you mad . so leave me alone . ugh stupid body 
I HAVE A GUN IN MY POCKET !! ' why do you have a gun in your pocket !!? ' 
Ugh .... stomach hurts .... nothing new i guess , but still pain gets annoying after a while you know . 
ok people . i'm gonna play guitar hero . so if i don't respond it's not that i don't see you ; it's because i'm ignoring you ! ( unless you say something funny ) 
I hate when i'm playing guitar hero and i miss like ONE note in a string of notes ... but you know what's worse . Getting interrupted when playing guitar hero ... 
Man : yeah officer and before i knew what was happening he put a gun to my head . officer : Man , you know exactly what happened . one : You live in texas and two : you slept with his wife . you'd just better be glad she called us before he got there ... ( just another day in the life of a texan right ) 
what was with my last post ? that was weird . guess that's what happens when i update facebook while i'm still waking up 
.... the game ( GAH I LOST ) 
good day today . i keep wondering how we manage to talk so long lol 
I might ignore you , and I'm not sorry for it . You're cutting into my time with Hina Babar 
Are we supposed to live our lives striving to reach our final goals and ultimate happiness only to have them crushed under the weight of our own death ? Please ; we have religion to fix that . -A man long since dead 
\It is so stupid that they get on girls about wearing short skirts but when you look at the cheerleading skirt and it's even shorter than anything else ! Look at that ! My boxers are longer than that skirt ! * stands up * YOU KNOW WHAT ? I'M GONNA TAKE OFF MY PANTS ! And i shouldn't get any crap about it because my UNDERWEAR is longer than that skirt\ " -Najee Binns " 
Kid : ouch ! Ms. Mallas ! Najee's back here stabbing people . Najee : SHUT UP ! Shut up ' fo I stab you ! 
<3 Hina Babar 
\Ok . If you're excercising your right of free speach by insulting my God . I'm reserve the right to excercise my right to bear arms .... and shoot you in the face .... punk ! \ " -Najee " 
\GRAHHH ! I WISH I WAS < PROPMALE > TO I COULD BREAK THIS $%$^\ " - < PROPFIRST > Binns " 
( Mom ): Najee ! Get up !! ( Me ): ... uuugggh ... zzzz * rolls over and bangs head into wall * ( Najee in my head ): Oh . good to see you're up :) 
80 days till Hina Babar 
Don't you just hate this : You're goin in . Doin it live . So far have a perfect streak . You use the starpower for the boost . And as soon as you do it ..... you miss a note . GAH ! I HATE GUITAR HERO lol 
ughh ... I went this entire day ... did all this stuff ... ate all this food ... but i never got my flaming CHOCOLATE !!! 
..... Nevermind .... chocolate/ice cream combo . Play a little < PROPMALE > and now it's all good . 
Monday morning . I don't want to go to school , but I already have like 14 absences . The fact that it's Hina's spring break doesn't make me want to go anymore than anything else ... ugh . Whatever , I'll make it through . 
\That's because i don't breathe .... \ " < PROPFIRST > Binns who said that again ? " 
AND HE RAISED HIS PIMP HAND ....... 
dang .... i finally got caught ... good job man ; you know who you are . this is the last joke i fall for in my life . 
If i don't get 100% on this friggin song by the end of the day a lot of people are going to have to die .... 
I hate when I miss the bus out here ... 
Today ... I looked ... like a big sizzling pile of pure awesomeness ; and anyone who says otherwise is a racist , and a lunchroom nazi . 
Don't sweat the technique 
\Don't run from me ... you'll just be making the crime scene bigger . \ " -Najee in a dream . ( What is with these dreams lately lol ) " 
This has been bugging me for a while . But what would anyone do if I was standing in the middle of the lunchroom and a guy lit me up and shot me 48 times ? 
......... GRRAAAAHAHAAAGRAA !!!! It had to happen eventually i guess .... ugh i hate the world . lol what kind of 16 year old can't lie ! What has become of our world !!!! lol 
\No real man dies . The strong leave their strength for the weak . The wise leave their knowledge for the strayed . You ... What will you leave Naj ? ... Is it strange that I already know ? \ " -CSA ( what is with this guy ??? he told me this in french ... when did he learn friggin FRENCH ! ) " 
Hahahaaaa .... People amuse me . 
Against the < PROPFEMALE>' warnings i'm going to try something that i remembered because of her . For the next 12 hours i'm going to let anyone who sends me an inbox message to ask me a question and i will answer it 100% truthfully . once it's past 12 hours i'm not answering any questions other than the ones already there ... this .. isn't going to be fun . but lets give it a try ... 12 hours , go 
huh that wasn't so bad . if it's just going at this rate then i'll just finish the rest of the 24 hours . ( see past status ) 
5 days 
You are now finished taking your SAT . Please place your answer sheet in your test book and wait for it to be collected . Now please take your turpentine from under your desks and light your selves on fire . Thank you for your time ... and your souls ... 
Spiders are beautiful creatures 
Guy : What should we do ? \ 
Kimi : Light it on fire .. \ 
Guy : Is that your solution to everything ? \ 
Kimi : ...... \ 
Guy : ....? \ 
Kimi : * lights guy on fire * DO . NOT . QUESTION . MY . METHODS !! <--- Gotta love the conversations in my head lol 
It's good to be home , right Hina Babar 
So what's planned for tomorrow ? Hina Babar ? 
So the black pants , black shirt , black shoes , and black boxers wasn't a good idea . Well at least I've got white socks on ... 
So today was great . I taught my little brother how to skate . He catches on well , like very well . He's smart , smarter than I though he was . Not that I thought he was dumb of course , he's a Binns lol . He's just at the level I hoped he would be at though . God I love that kid . I love you < PROPMALE > , don't ever forget that <3 
Never empty your pockets on the train . You never know when there's going to be a random zombie attack and you'll need your ammo 
funny how no one will admit to watching blues clues but everyone will say how they like the old guy better than the new guy 
It's my brother's 7th birthday today . he's growing up fast . i don't even remember some of those earlier years . i'll have to make sure i'm in his life more from now on . i love you < PROPMALE > , happy birthday 
I'm tired of people involving themselves in my life . Live your own life people or watch how I succeed without your worthless stupidity 
You ever have that uncontrollable urge to rip yourself in half ; or is that just me ? 
ugh well this has basically lost meaning 
My current situation plus my bloodline misery = ( Ugh+ ( misery^10))^2 plus more uuuuuggggghhhhhhh 
Hmmm now i've got myself thinking ... i wonder how many small caliber bullets can fit into a knee-cap before it finally cracks .... the world may never know 
conversation after breakfast ... \ 
Grandpa : ( to grandma , joking ) it's nice out i don't want to change out of my shorts . you got a long skirt i can put on over this ? \ 
Grandma : The < PROPFEMALE > people don't call it skirts , they call it something different . and the muslims . \ 
Grandpa : I ain't no < PROPFEMALE > and i ain't no muslim ... I'm a nigga . \ 
Najee : ( has a mini-spaz attack while pouring apple juice , tries not to laugh ... ultimately fails ) 
Oh that is truly upsettig ... 
Does no one have the brain stem capacity to see and understand past the literal meaning of my words ? 
\Oh Najee . You're just a big emotional < PROPMALE > bear ; every once and a while you need a hug to set you straight\ " -K . Knight ... I'm gonna kill this guy " 
True boredom , i've been reduced to quizzes ... 
Of course now that my laptop is broken i can't stop thinking of new books i can write . Well my < PROPMALE > is still going i guess . Miss you Hina 
Crap formal re-takes are tomorrow ; THAT'S why I was going to wash clothes this weekend . Wel Najee's going to have to look good on the fly , like always 
Today was the second time someone seriously asked me if I had a multiple-personality disorder . And even though I've been living this way for more than 8 years I realized I truly don't know how to answer that question ... hmm 
That was the single most epic dream ... ever ...... I must spread this tale . Away ! -runs off to tell the tale of ages- 
The other day I thought it was about time to think about my limits . Upon realizing that I was already offensivly relentless , a voice inside commented that I should perhaps \grow a heart\ " for some things . Then another voice said that it would rather be like this than risk becoming too weak to withstand the future . I told the first thought \ " Sorry I have to agree with him\ " . He wasn't mad ; he said \ " At least you're sorry \"" 
Never thought I'd say this but I can't wait for school to start back again . I'm a bit tired of doing nothing ; this break turned out to be quite unproductive . 
i feel like tearing my heart out of my chest and throwing it at a wall so i can yell at it properly . that little girl in my head needs to MAN UP ! 
You know ... even though I've been alive and being me for 17 years . I still get that sucky feeling inside when I realize that someone doesn't understand me . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s cool . She can really get in my head . Go places that others can't , places that i don't want to . She's not Hina , she knows that and I don't hold it over her ; but this is what she's here for . It's nice actually , I finally at least have one person outside my head that I can talk to , that can help me until Hina's back 
< PROPFEMALE > left to go uhh do ... something . Lets get distracted in something that matters now . PT starts January . 
I love that feeling of setting a new plan into motion . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > , I'll take it from here . 
Dang I'm not even home for 3 minutes and < PROPFEMALE > already is showing me this detailed planned layout for the next like 5 months . Way to go in ... 
Anybody who slaps their knees twice before a fight is an assassin ! - < PROPFIRST > Hart lol gotta love it 
So < PROPFEMALE > lied to me . PT isnt supposed to start until january . I wake up this morning , it's foggy and cold outside she says \Get dressed you're going out there \"" 
Me : < PROPFEMALE > why can't I move ? \ 
< PROPFEMALE > : Because your body is still worthlessly out of shape . Now get up we have work to do . 
Well the one small plan that I had to do today just got quashed . Another day sitting inside I guess . 
I've got a gift for you Najee . You can sleep tonight if you want . - < PROPFEMALE > , wow thanks ... 
Ok so I'm going out again , lets see if this time I can actually do what I had planned . 
The true sign of uber bordom , sitting down and liking things ... 
So I'll be up the rest of the night doing this puzzle . It's gonna be fun :) 
Today is totally devoted to taking my hair out . Even < PROPFEMALE > gave me \the day off\ " because she knows how much of a project it is to get these braids out . " 
Apparently Najee has an MRI tomorrow . Thats kind of a strange thing to spring up on someone . I thought it was friday , but either way im not really looking forward to it . Boredom to the < PROPMALE > 
Time to do this MRI . I'd say \go hard\ " but I have to be still lol . Ok I'll be done in a few hours . If you can't contact me it's because I'm still in there . " 
I'll never understand this , us . It's nice to have you guys to help me out when you can . Sometimes I think about the future ... I'll miss you all -K . Knight 
The difficult ; I'll do right now . The impossible ; will take a little while . - < PROPFIRST > Holiday . Sounds good for the time being 
It's a feeling that can't be explained very well ; I love being in total control . Happy now ? I said it , and I love it 
A : What's that sound ? \ 
N : My heart ? \ 
A : It's beating so slow , it sounds hollow . \ 
N : Thats because all the good bits that fill it are a few thousand < PROPMALE > away . 
Hmmm .... soap ... 
K : I have an idea I think ... \ 
N : And that is ? \ 
K : His legs ... break them . \ 
N : And that would solve what again ? \ 
K : Nothing , sorry . I just thought it was a good idea . 
What are the symptoms of blood poisoning ? I need to know , quickly . 
haha im on ur fb najee . I love u -abbi 
Shopping with < PROPFEMALE > . Lets see if i cant put together an awesome outfit on a short budget . -Binns mode- 
Ok Naj , lets get these done ... 
Oh well , I tried . Time to start ripping people in half lol 
Roses are red violets are blue im schizophranic and so am i . Lol . :) p.s. Its abbi < ~ Binns > 
Another visit to the doctor today , oh joy 
Well ... that dream scar and hurt me more than any nightmare could . No more sleep tonight . 
Weakling ... -K . Knight 
Interesting ; lets see which one kills me first . 
Ok lets find something for Najee to do today . 
Proof that my mentality is changing : ( In my head ) \I'm bored 
My first infusion is tomorrow . 4 hours of pure boredom . They better have goldfish .... 
K : Najee Najee Najee , you shouldn't assume such things . \ 
N : Maybe I wouldn't , but I'm always right about these things . \ 
K : True ... hm ... Lets see then . 
Day 1 : Bleugh ! Quickly , someone shoot me in the face before I'm forced to hire someone to do it . 
I shouldn't have come to school today , but I guess i had to . Lets clean up this mess Naj . Time to break some legs . 
PT at 4 o'clock in the flaming morning isn't the nicest thing to do . 
I'm upset . And so is < PROPFIRST > apparently 
I just made one of my great egg sandwiches , and now I have this feeling that that's probably going to be the highlight of my day today ; how wonderful 
I actually had a nice day ; and who would have thought . I really do have another sister . 2 
I love u najee . < abbi > not u no who 
Even though I don't even think twice about it , looking at it logically responding to it , it is a strange thing . But I don't have time to doddle , duty calls . 
\What ? Shut up fool I don't talk to non-thugs\ " -kid on my bus . This made me want to hurt him so bad but i couldnt stop laughing at him first lol " 
Crap I miss new york . I'm stuck at home with nothing to do . There's not even any kids here for me to steal a bike from ; ugh what's with this place 
No future is written in stone ; not unless I planned it to be so . -K . Knight 
Infusion #2 today . Lets go IN !!! 
Ugh she's crying again . Dang it deuce . At least we're almost home 
Huh , it's a little cold in my room . 
Hmmm ... riddle time ... 
Oh I see facebook ; because i refused to upgrade to your new profile you will instead force it on me ? What kind of lesson are you teaching me by doing this ? I will ask people do to something that * I * say is better . And when they decide to do otherwise I just do it for them ? How arbitrary ; how asenine . I'm offended by your Hitler-like actions . 
Hmm so I just looked back at my old status and saw how angry I was and that anger was renewed in me when I remembered why I posted that . Yes facebook , what a fine example you set . perhaps i shouls go around breaking the legs and kneecaps of taller people simply because I dont like them and being short would be \so much easier\ " and is \ " the new upgraded way to live\ " ... noi today is not the day ... " 
Ugh jeez ok < PROPFEMALE > if you'll get off my back for 10 seconds I'll do it ... ok 18 years , 18 things about me most people wont know about me right ? 
#1 : KIss from a < PROPFEMALE > is my favorite song of all time . I'm not sure why I never like telling anyone this but it just seems like something to keep to myself . 
#3 : I cherrish small gifts from my real friends . I still have a paper clip and a ring from < PROPFEMALE > ; and a few scraps of paper where < PROPFEMALE > wrote \I <3 u \"" 
#4 : I've been wanting to dye my hair white for years . The thing I always tell people about how I lost a bet and was supposed to do it is a straight lie lol . 
Lol i dont want to put this but i'm running out . #5 : During my first kiss i got scared and tried to pull out but the girl was stronger than me so i failed lol 
Another one I don't want to say . #6 : I didn't use the \N\ " word out loud until 8th grade . " 
#7 : There are only a few people in the world that I completely trust ; most of them are dead . 
#8 : I took my first steps at 10 months . And I started speaking very shortly after that ( under a 12 months my mom says ) 
#9 : when i was young i used to think my cousin was part dragon because he would sometimes blow smoke from his mouth . I later found out he was just smoking lol 
#10 : I know how to take care of myself , I've never broken or even fractured any bones in my body . I've only twisted my ankle once and it healed that same night . 
#11 : I fell asleep last night before I posted 18 of these things and < PROPFEMALE > beat the crap out of me in my morning workout ( I'm going to hear about this later lol ) 
#12 : I've had a good 3 times where I honestly thought that I was going to die . Two of them were chron's disease related . The other was when I fell off my bike . 
#13 : I was actually supposed to be born on Feb 2nd . I came allong two weeks late . 
N : Why am I always right ? \ 
Y : Because you're Najee T . Binns ; I thought we had this established . \ 
Omniscience ; you gotta love it and you gotta hate it 
I just watched this guy spray himself with fabreze ... now he had colonge but he decided fabreze would be better to use ... that's ghetto texas if i've ever seen it 
\regular gay : man i wish we could have a child . \ 
\We've had enough youth . How about a fountain of smart\ " - Mr. Evans lol " 
Well the laptop died as expected . I feel ... like ... I need a pokemon battle ... someone please satisfy this urge ........ NOW 
I was just talking to this dude ; I realized that I ended saying \And make sure someone takes care of his mother\ " ... that's real italian-mafia-ish of me . I think I really never left Brooklyn . haha " 
It's funny how my brain will tell me to do things while forgetting that I dont have telepathy ... 
Haha my mom called me a schmuck 
I've got pink nail polish on my hand , thanks sis :) 
Two more days . I wonder if I'll be able to get people to give me a break for at least that one day . Eh probably not , but we'll see . 
I need $500 to buy a bunch o ' stuff !!! ~ D 
Happy Anniversary 
According to MASH im going to live in a shack , marry a whore , im going to be a shrink , have 5 kids , and drive a porsche ... awesome 
My body hurts , I feel weak . I need a Hina to tend to my wounds -K . Knight 
Lie lie . Dont lie to me , i always know . And if i dont i'll be hurt . It could do some people good to see me hurt . But i can only be hurt by those close to me -4 
Baltono ; dang it i miss her 
Im playing pokemon , im using a water type against another water type and i just found myself thinking \water type ... this jutsu wont work well on it\ " lol " 
Good , Deuce , you're growing . 
Apparently we all need to watch for ninjas because they delete your text messages . 
I do so hate ignorance . And for those of you wondering what prompted me to say that , it was nothing . I just felt I should restate to the world how unpleasant ignorance is . Stupid conformists . 
HA ! I love life :) 
N : I didn't intend for this to happen . \ 
K : -pauses- That's what most murders say naj 
Believe it or not people , I have a heart . A big one . Now it may be guarded with electric fences , brick walls , and a bottomless eternal pit made from the very darkness of darkness it's self . And I may only trust people about as often as I'm not in pain . Plus the fact that a person needs super permission from me to get in , BUT ... I do still have a heart . 
Im supposed to be washing my clothes , i dont expect them to come out great but it doesnt help that my washing machine has DOG FOOD IN IT !!! 
Post this as your status if you Real enough . For the next 3 hours , you can ask me anything & I have to be 100% honest , but inbox only . 
My parents and everyone who raised me were right ; I'm unstoppable 
Right , what a horrible day . Can't let this slow me down I suppose . If not for this glitch in the flow of information though , it wouldn't have to be as annoying . 
What a joy , the two things that always brighten my day : Hina & < PROPMALE > . I still don't feel like dealing with people but at least now I wont blow up in math today . 
Bait & hook ? That's an interesting way to put it ; but it fits well , I suppose . 
62 more days . Then I can end this game . 
talked to < PROPFEMALE > for the first time ever . my God ... this woman is pure amazing-juice 
Noi ; FYE is stilling these < PROPFIRST > Bieber standup things for $35 . If I can get some people to help me get that money together I'll make a video where I shoot it until it can't stand anymore then light the remains on fire with acetone . Sure to be fun for everyone . Get me the money and I'll be all over it . 
I just got 2400 BBs now i just need $35 and that bieber thing . I'm itchin ' to light it up ... 
So I need a new clip for my gun , the one I have now jams . I can still shoot , but only if I hold it upside down . Awesome , but sucky . Maybe I'll get one tomorrow . 
\Troy : Top mid 
Beautiful . Just got two new clips for my gun . Now I just gotta go to the Bronx and shoot someone and I'll be good lol @ < PROPFIRST > binns 
Noi , if it's not one thing it's another ... 
Anyone up for a battle ? < ~ Binns > 
A : You're peeling Najee . \ 
N : What ? \ 
A : Your layers , masks you put on for these people , they're comming off . You're beginning to act like you again . \ 
N : Hmm good . 
It feels like it's been years . Lets see what I can do in a night . 
