I wanna be a kid again ! 

thinks facebook is pretty boring . Don't really know why people like it so much , but ah well . 
:/ I guess I can try to give facebook another try . Lol it's just tooo blurg for me . 
Do you think it’s possible to replace the blood in your body with coffee ? I think it’s something to look into personally 
When the twine on a bridge starts to mold , you gotta burn it down man . 
Sleep . I should do it . 
I wish I was a robot ... for mannny reasons ... 
Aku Soku Zan 
I wish I actually had work to do at work ! It's so ... boring just sitting here . >.< 
Entertain me !? 
OMG rain and a RAINBOW XD 
If the internet ever grows a neck , I'm the first one who'll choke it to death . ~.~ 
Routine Routine Routine . Hmm , I think I spelled that right ... xD 
The walls of this apartment are wayyyy too thin . I dun wanna listen to the extracurricular activities of my upstairs neighbor ! >.< 
Headache : 73 vs . Bella : -41 
I wonder if being a Neanderthal before this so-called civilization erupted would be more pleasant than living in a world of worries , judgments , obligations , clothes , and you know , general hygiene . Okay , I don’t mind > occasional < showers , but life would be so much easier if all I had to do was kill things and eat them . Well , I guess if I wanted to do that now I could but , oh whatever , so lost my point . 
Fine , I’ll acquiesce and admit to being somewhat accepting of Muse’s most recent album . At least parts of it . The unsucky parts of it . Took me a few listens through though . Regardless , I still miss the old school stuff . I swear it has nothing to do with them going mainstream but such doesn’t really help my opinion . Damn you twilight ! >.< 
Is feeling the daze of a 14 hour hibernation episode . xD 
I don't want to sleep because I know I have to work tomorrow and I don't want to wake up because then I'll have to go to work . Err ... 
My cat is adorable - but does he really have to greet me each morning by sitting on my face ? 
5 more hours and freedom will be mine for 5 whole days ! YAY 
Sometimes I wonder : What am I doing !?!?!?! 
Working . BLEH ! 
Ladies – quit it with the pouty lips . If you wanna be sexy or whatever ! smile – save the rest for your shift at the strip club . Yes , your five inches of exposed cleavage is perfect for dollar < PROPMALE > stuffing . 
Weather is screaming for me to go take a nap – and work is practically doing the same >.< 
The more you cry , the less you pee . My bladder’s gonna thank me in the morning . 
>_< 
I figured it out !!! SOOOO , black ! o.o 
Class needed : how to sleep with your eyes open . 
I'm a * grumble * monster ! 
Couldn't take myself to work this morning . Bah ! Whatever . -.- 
....... 
Why do cats insist on throwing up on the carpet when tile is 5 inches away ? 
mmmmmmm , the sound of rain hitting the pavement is so nice :) 
Must ... fight ... against ... the realm of the ... anti-social kingdom ... * rawr * 
Is there a reason why life enjoys throwing ironic obstacles in my path ? Please , lol . Stop doing that . Simplicity is what I < PROPFEMALE > . I will follow through with my choices , even if opposition is putting up a classic fight . 
\...\" is a sufficient response to everything . " 
Insecurities , insecurities , insecurities . Can you delete the in x 3 please ??? 
DUN DUN DUN !!!!! 
Where the heck is all this snot coming from ? I’m a booger producing machine ! Or maybe all my brain cells are leaking out 
>.< I feel unaccomplished ! 
Cereal and milk is the the most awesomest meal in the world . ^_^ 
I'm about to make my nose a detachable one . 
Muse concert was alright , but I liked their last one better for some reason . 
Employer's should give us a lunch hour and a nap hour . I have a senior citizen stuck in my body . Poor old soul needs some shut eye . 
There are biological weapons exploding against the inside of my skull . 
After you learn how to occupy yourself , being alone isn't that bad . 
Could it be that I’m high maintenance ? Can I be a word I can’t even pronounce correctly !? 
When i tap the sides of my nose they make a bubbly popping sound . YUM ! 
Lesson #1 : Do not < PROPFEMALE > a third cup of coffee between your boobs . It will end in FAIL . 
Actually , it feels kinda nice forgetting my phone at home . Somehow reduces some stress . 
Why can’t food good for you actually taste good and food bad for you actually taste bad ? And why is healthier food so expensive ! Fat , happy , and < PROPMALE > ? Or skinny , miserable , and poor ? And I hate deodorant . It ALWAYS leaves white residue but anyway you have now wasted 5 seconds of your life reading this . O.o 
diZZy >.< 
Cleaning your windshield while being tailgated = win . :3 Cars behind me , feel my mist as it clouds your view ! MUAHAHAHA 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes O.O 
bleh 
Come on Phoenix , can’t you just muster up one storm strong enough to knock out the power lines ? :( I want to go home ! 
New brain on order =/ 
Daily I am reminded that students in medical school don't necessarily have functioning brains . 
... maybe I should get out of the house more . 
Super glue hates me :/ 
pieces with no reese's 
short sucks 
Be careful whose toes you step on today , they might be attached to the ass you have to kiss tomorrow . 
A little boy went to his teacher to tell her he found a frog . \ 
The teacher asked if it was alive or dead . \ 
The little boy said that it was dead . \ 
The teacher asked how he knew . \ 
The boy said , \I pissed in its ear . \ " \ 
I keep accidentally typing in “ faceboob.com” -.- Luckily there isn’t a site called such , otherwise I’d get plenty o’ weird looks at work . Don’t know why I keep typing it since b isn’t really near k on the keyboard >.> 
' Cause I'm leaving on a jet plane . I don't know when I'll be back again 
Lilly-white banana peels lie upon my path . 
Phlegm : the #1 agent that successfully curbs your appetite for breakfast , lunch , dinner , and coffee . It’s free and naturally produced ! Get yours now - - plenty of free samples left ! 
I’m tired of time - it runs the same sequence - the same meaningless loop . 
