snow , snow , and more snow ! I think the bears got it right , hibernation is looking like a better idea everyday ! 

is failing her typing class . How in the hell do you fail typing ?!?! I think my instructor is the devil , I swear I saw her breath fire today . Why would someone take typing so seriously ? I'm just waiting for her to break the ruler out , catholic school style 
is working on a research paper for Anatomy and Physiology . Patent Ductus Arteriosis anyone ? I don't know what that is either but I guess I better find out because my paper is due tomorrow and I still have four more diseases to research . Procrastination wi 
just got back from K-Rockathon ; Papa Roach ; 3 Doors Down .......... Rock the FUCK on ! 
I see you opened a hair salon ! good for you ! 
Cale's B-day party today , I'm getting ready for insanity , we have about 35 kids coming , and those are just mandatory invites ( all cousins ) !!!!!!!! 
OK have to get off the computer and make dinner already ! My husband says I will be grounded from facebook if dinner is late again ! He actually thinks that I won't make him cook his own dinner for a month if he tries that ! 
Note to all the moms out there : Teach your sons how to do laundry , that way when they grow up and offer to help their wife with laundry , they will know to empty out the pockets BEFORE putting in washer ! Screwdriver+spin cycle = BAD NEWS ! Thanks for the thought babe , but I'll do the laundry from now on ! 
< PROPFIRST > Cale didn't make his weigh in today for football :( he needs to lose four pounds in 1 week or he will miss another game . I guess it's time for mama to start running with him ! 
Cale made his official weigh in yesterday ! He lost the 4 pounds all by himself , I tell you this kid is determined . He got me though , when they came home he had his sad face on and said he didn't make it by one pound , they had me going for 15 minutes , then i took a good look at his face , it always gives it away ! I am so proud of him ! 
Cale has a game Saturday against < PROPMALE > Park . Finally he's playing against another city team , we won't have to drive so far . The Coach has had them pushing the sled around all week , lets hope it pays off and they can knock the other team around a little , we have so many little guys on our team ! 
School starts today ! I can't believe Cale is in fourth grade already , he is so grown up now . My classes start tomorrow and it's back to being busy , busy , busy ! 
Trying to get back into the swing of things . Vacations are great , but when they are over it takes me a minute to get back on track . 
Cale won his game today against the Vikings ! SU won thier game against North western . We are on a roll ! 
Don't you just love absent fathers ? They think they are the only ones with money problems and that it's ok to not help support their child for months on end . Then they actually have the nerve to be upset because another man is filling the role of daddy . Unbelievable ! 
Cale gets his football pictures today ! They are so cute in their uniforms ! This weekend SU athletics is doing a special half-time presentation for CNY Pop < PROPMALE > , Cale gets to go on the field at Carrier Dome , meet the players and check out the locker room , he is so excited ! 
Ready for the week ahead after a great weekend with the family ! Although I have to admit a < PROPFEMALE > part of me can't wait for football season to be over , our Saturdays are full of football between Cale's games and the SU games , and I want my lazy Saturdays back ! ( but I still love football ! ) 
Just finished reading one of the most moving , emotional books I have read in a long time , A Thousand Splendid Suns by Khaled Hosseini . I definitely recommend it to anyone who has a little extra time to read ( it was worth staying up past my usual bedtime and being tired in the morning ) 
What happened to my life ?! it's saturday night and i'm home on facebook , oh well I guess that's what a husband and kids will do to you . I wish they would hurry up and turn 18 already ! lol ! then it's party time for mama , hopefully I won't be too old and decrepit by then ! 
I made it through another hectic week ! Just got the options for my internship , I'm aiming for the VA hospital , keeping my fingers crossed ! 
sooooooo tired ! How much sleep can a person lose before they just lay down and die ? Well it's not that bad , but I would like to just lay down .... anywhere will do , floor , table , I just need sleep ! 
Just installed windows 7 , still figureing it all out ! 
has a horrible earache , feels like crap and didn't get any sleep . ( my mother is convinced that anyone who gets sick has the swine flu , so I have to deal with constant calls about what symptoms to watch out for too ! ) Oh yeah , and I have midterms today , lucky me ! 
& hearts ; 
still sick , I actually think I'm getting worse instead of better ! Damn my lousy immune system ! 
can't remember the last time I was this sick , called the dr. he thinks it's the flu cuz I've been on antibiotics for a week due to ear infect . he told me to just rest and drink fluids . HATE being sick ! 
ok , so I have a really bad habit of not checking my requests for like months at a time ..... I just realized I had 277 requests , and you people play a LOT of mafia wars , I don't think I've ever played it before but I know every level in the game ! LOL 
had breakfast in bed . I love my husband ! &hearts ; & hearts ; & hearts ; 
I think my dog peed in my slipper ... so gross ! 
what is up with the weather ? here it is almost thanksgiving and we have a balmy 61 in new york . i'm not complaining ( really not ready for outrageous heating < PROPMALE > ) but it was only 30 last night ! Now I have the windows open , soaking in the heat ! ( no comments from my southern friends please ! I know 60 is cold to you ! LOL ) 
Can't believe the holidays are almost here ! Only three weeks left this semester ! WoooHooo !!!! 
My baby starts school on Monday ! She's been on the waiting list for 6 months , got the call yesterday that she's in !!! She's growing up so fast , it almost makes me want to have another one ( ALMOST being the key word here ! ) 
isn't it funny how you can have a conversation with a stranger that makes you ressess the direction you want your life to take ? I interviewed at the VA Hospital in the business office(I got the internship , YAY ! ) and I'm seriously thinking about getting a bussiness degree now , it never occurred to me before and now I can't wait to start my internship ! 
I am so sick of hearing all the younger 20 somethings bitch at school ! How hard can your life really be when you live with mommy and daddy , get a paycheck from your job , and don't pay any bills ? I hope I wasn't like that when I was younger , oh wait , I moved out after highschool , got a job and paid my own bills ! All I know is I'm gonna raise my kids to take RESPONSIBILITY ! There's a thought ..... 
Today is my day off so I thought I'd sleep in a little . HA ! I was up at 7 , a whole 45 minutes of sleeping in . Woke up , looked at the clock and tried to go back to sleep , wasn't happening . But at least I got two loads of laundry done already ! 
SNOW !!! 
two finals today ! then I can relax , my last final is tuesday and then a whole month off , I don't know what Im gonna do with myself ! 
came home today and someone broke into my house and stole all off my electronics ( including my sons ipod and ps3 ) and my engagement ring ! why would someone do that ? it's friggin christmas time ! my poor son is so upset he is the one who lost out most , they ransacked his whole room , bastards !!! 
pregnancy must be contagious ! I have had four people ask me if I was pregnant in four days , started getting upset then I realized that my monthly friend WAS late , sooooo took the test and YEP ! I don't know whether to be excited or exhausted just thinking of adding another child to my mad house , LOL ! 
If you don't know , as of today , Facebook will automatically index all your info on Google , which allows everyone to view it . To change this option , go to Settings --> Privacy Settings --> Search --> then UN-CLICK the box that says ' Allow indexing ' . Facebook kept this one quiet . Copy and paste onto your status for all your friends ASAP . 
feel like crap , think I have strep throat . One more exam today then I can go to the doctor :( 
ah the wonders of delerious fever ! Ran a high fever last night had some crazy dreams ( could've sworn I was awake for some of them ) fever finally broke around 4am , now if only my throat would feel better ! Also , why would a Dr. prescribe a pill big enough for a horse to someone with strep throat ? Even if I break it in half I'm still scared to take it ! Oh well as long as it makes me feel better ! 
wants to know how come with each pregnancy it seems like you get fatter quicker ? The holidays aren't helping much , there are cookies and treats everywhere ! 
I am going to need a Christmas miracle ! So much to do so little time ! < PROPFEMALE > at the mall , lights on the lake , bake cookies for < PROPFEMALE > , wrap presents ( yes I'm a horrible procrastinator ! ) remember to buy the batteries I forgot to buy for all the toys when I went shopping .... I still feel like I'm forgetting something ! 
I love Christmas , but I am so happy it's over ! The house is back to normal , the kiddies are occupied and I think I might just stay in my pj's all day ! 
well I laid around yesterday doing nothing and my house looks it ! Must clean ! Now to motivate the hubby and kiddies to help ! LOL 
WTF !!! I got a B in Career Management ! That is such BS ! That screws up my Overall GPA , man what the heck . 
Great , we have a friggin snowstorm outside and my morning sickness just kicked into overdrive . I guess breakfast is out of the question for a while . 
well i'm due August 10th ! That means pregnant all summer ! Cales b-day is August third , i sure could have planned that one better ( if it hadn't been a \surprise\ " that is ) " 
You know your from Syracuse when you go outside at 6:30 in the morning and you think to yourself \wow it's warmed up out here\ " then you look at the temp and it's only 25 ! They should just start calling this the frozen tundra ! " 
Ladies ......... your red , black , pink , blue , white , butterflied , cheetah printed , and clear bra colors made CNN . Facebook doesn't know who started it but the < PROPFEMALE > G . Koman Foundation says it was a great way to raise awareness for breast cancer . Way to go ! Post this on your wall if you participated ! 
Anyone have any idea how to talk my husband out of really bad names for the baby ? He wants < PROPFIRST > for a girl ( yes , as in the mermaid ) and though we have settled on Jakobi for a boy he wants the middle name to be Maltese ( as in maltese cross ) . I may have to knock him out somehow when its time to put the babys name on the birth certificate if I can't get him to change his mind ! 
I am looking to move ! If anyone in the Syracuse area knows of a three bedroom in the $600 to $700 range let me know . I am trying to stay towards the north side of Syracuse but I'm willing to check anything out , as long as it's someplace where my kids can play outside without me worrying about them being safe . Thanks ! 
sooooo tired ! This whole being pregnant thing is starting to take a toll on me , almost to my second trimester though so it should start getting a little easier for a while , can't wait ! 
have been breaking out in hives on my neck and face , thought I was allergic to black grapes but broke out after eating a peach too , pesticides maybe ? It's dricing me crazy ! Guess I'll tell the doctor on tues . 
WOW ! I just figured out that you can hide certain apps from showing on your news feed , why didn't I do this before ? ( sorry to all my mafia wars playing friends , but it is really annoying to have to scroll through 3 pages of mafia wars to see whats really going on with my friends ) 
OMG ! So this is what it's like to have a peaceful morning ! The kids are off school this week and the hubby is out of work this week , which means they are all sleeping in ! Ahhhh .... Heaven ! 
feels crappy . My hands are killing me ! Carpal tunnel syndrome sucks ! 
it's Sunday and I have tons of laundry and tons of homework , why do I procrastinate so much ? Oh well at least the hubby cleaned the house for me , I guess that means I have to be nice today LOL ! 
is sick , I can't wait for warm weather ! 
well i'm just getting over a really nasty sinus infection and now my husband has the stomach bug , sure hope the kids don't get sick . 
Thanks Mr. Plowman , I was so looking forward to shoveling 5 ft of snow away from the end of my driveway ! 
I have never seen my kids more depressed than when they woke up this morning and saw it hadn't snowed . they don't think two snow days and a whole weekend was enough time to have fun , mommy thinks it was more than enough time ! lol 
I can hear birds chirping ! lots and lots of birdies , spring is around the corner and I can't wait !!!!!!! 
awwwww , I love mornings ! There is nothing like listening to your kids argue at the top of their lungs over \who farted ! \"" 
It's gonna be another beautiful day New York , Spring is in the air ! Yesterday it got up to a whopping 48 degrees , let's hope this sticks ! ( yes my Florida friends 48 is beautiful to us northerners ! lol ) 
going for my sono at 2:30 , we'll find out if it's a boy or a girl and the kids can finally stop arguing ! ( well about that anyway , lol ) 
Got new nieghbors ! First they let their dogs shit all over the sidewalk and don't clean it up , they play music so loud I can hear it through 2 sets of closed windows , they leave trash all over outside ( not looking forward to warm weather there , had to knock on their door and their house stinks and now they decide to get into a screaming match outside my window at 6:30 in the morning , WTF ! 
I am taking suggestions for girl names , so far the only name that we have mutually agreed on is < PROPFEMALE > ( It's not set in stone , but it's the only one we haven't disagreed on ) 
Should I be ashamed of the fact that I keep friends on here who I don't talk to just because they post all their drama and it keeps me entertained ? 
Last day of my internship at the VA Hospital ! WoooHoooo ! Graduation is next month , then I am taking a much needed break and doing some spring cleaning ! 
Thank God for awsome husbands ! My carpal tunnel has gotten really bad with this pregnacy , wish I could just cut my arm off till I have this baby it hurts so bad . Hubby is cooking dinner and has even hinted that he will do the dishes ! No wonder I love that man so much ! 
Another reason we need healthcare reform- a friend of mine broke her foot the other day and went ot the emergency room , she doesn't have health insurance so they told her they would only put half a cast on and she would have to come back in ten days for the other half . WTF !!! Things like that should not be allowed to happen ! ( this was a FL hospital BTW ) 
WOW ! I forgot how well peppermint oil helps get rid of tension headaches ! I've had a headache for 3 days now , saw my dog chewing on something today and it was the bottle of peppermint oil that I thought was long gone , instant relief ! ( but now I'm craving < PROPFEMALE > canes :o ) 
YAY ! just got the e-mail that my Bellaband was shipped today ! For those who don't know it is for pregnant women who are too stubborn to buy maternity clothes , you just wear you pre-pregnancy clothes unbuttoned and slide the bellaband up over your tummy , it looks like you have an undershirt on . no more hiking my pants up cuz thy're unbuttoned ! :) 
Let the graduation countdown begin ! 38 days ! ( or 22 if you only count school days hehehe ) 
woke up today and I was actually awake ! Wrist is feeling alot better and I finally got a good nights sleep ! YAY ! 
Thinks people should actually READ the Health Care < PROPMALE > before they start talking about government take-overs , irs nazis , and all the other nonsense propaganda that has been circulating ! Don't believe what you hear , see it for yourself ! go.usa.gov 
starting to feel the baby move a lot now , no matter how many times you experience that it is still exciting to feel those first little kicks ! It feels like I have a stomach full of butterflies !??? 
should be in bed cuz I have a long day tomorrow , but those sweet little butterfly flutters have turned into a kickboxing match on my bladder , ahhhh the joys of motherhood ! 
is it all little girls or just my four old who feels it necessary to change her entire outfit every time she uses the bathroom ? Just finished two days worth of laundry and I had to make two trips just to put her stuff away ! 
my son is on an April Fools day mission ! I have to come up with something good to get him before he gets me , any ideas ? 
ok to anyone who recieved the funny sexy video prank from me , I did not send that ! I thought someone put it on my wall and I tried to open it , and it didn't open , it just sent it to everyone in my friends ! sorry ! 
is uncomfortable ! Only 126 days to D-Day ! 
trying to decide if a nap is worth taking , or if I should just get the housework done and go to bed early ? 
completely forgot that I ran out of sugar yeasterday , so now I am drinking my coffee black , ewwww ! 
got a new sweet little doggie today , a basset hound that Aubri named Lady . 
I am down to one project and one final due before graduation , YAYYY ! 
so my new dog is a whiner , sounds just like Aubri when she is fake crying , got up three times to check on Aubri last night and it was just Lady whining cuz Foxy wouldn't let her on Cales bed , I can't believe a basset hound is afraid of my chihuahua ! Mean old Foxy is jealous ! lol 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except a smack upside the head , but we can raise awareness . 
last official day of classes , next week I will be a college graduate ! Yayyyyy !!!!! 
My son has been fundraising all year for a field trip to Rochester to participate in a mock shuttle luanch . that plan was scratched , now they are going to the Baltimore museum of science and the Baltimore Aquarium . Which is really great , but it's expensive and we can't afford for one of us to be a chaperone . I can't NOT let him go , he's too excited , but it is a whole other state ! kidnappers mostly prefer girls right ? 
we just found out our new dog Lady is actually named < PROPFEMALE > , ran into her previous , previous owner ( she has been moved around alot :( ) No wonder she never came when we called her , but say < PROPFEMALE > and she gets so excited ! So now to convince Aubri to call her < PROPFEMALE > , she just doesn't get it , lol 
why is it every time I get real motivation to spring clean , I'm exhausted after 20 minutes ?! man I'm getting old ! lol 
Ok , so my Bassett Hound is very unhappy , my chi-chi is mean to her and I think she needs more room to run around , trying to find her a good home in a country setting , if anyone is interested or u know someone who is , send me a message ! This is the save < PROPFEMALE > campaign ! 
I love my kids , love my husband and life is pretty good , but I still feel sometimes like I fell asleep at 18 and woke up in the twilight zone ! 
GRADUATION DAY !!!! 
Bills , bills , and more bills ! Why can't we just catch up ? 
starting to feel like crap , must be my annual spring cold coming on :( 
So the Doc said I can only take non-drowsy Sudafed when I'm sick because of the pregnancy , Know why they cal it \non-drowsy\ " ? cuz it keeps u awake ! " 
just got the email with my login info for the CMRS exam , so I guess that means I can start any time , wish me luck ! 
My daughter is only four , so why am I already arguing with her about going to school ? Pre-school is supposed to be fun right ? I keep telling her she is going to use up all her excuses and then she won't have any left for highschool ( that really sets her off ! hehehe , she is really cute when she's pissed , so of course it's my favorite thing to say when she gives me a hard time ! lol ) 
going through all my papers from college , I sure helped kill a lot of trees ! My stack is now two feet high ! It's kinda sad , I worked really hard on this stuff now it's all going into the recycling bin ( well not all , I saved my math notes , cuz that stuff has never stuck in my head ) Oh well , I guess when I go for my Bachelors I can accumulate more ! lol 
Just finished the anatomy part of my CMRS and I scored a 100% ! yay ! 
just finished two more sections for my CMRS exam , I did really well , nothing below 90% , but boy does my brain hurt ! 
so tired ! Cale had his first flag football game and they won 38-12 ! Cleaned the yard some and we were going to clean the pool but bought a slip and slide instead , now I'm ready for a nap ! 
gonna be another great day , feels like summer ! We are going to attempt to plant a garden , but we are notoious plant killers so we'll see how this goes ! lol 
had a rough night , it was so muggy I couldn't sleep , time to bring the AC up from the basement ! 
There is nothing like waking up and stepping in dog pee ! Thanks alot Foxy ! 
is feeling bloated/puffy/swollen/uncomfortable/bitchy/tired ......... oh yeah and very pregnant ! I can't wait for this baby to come ! 
next to the couch ..... 
really should be working on my exam but this gorgeous day is sidetracking me ! 
Mothers Day is Sunday , heres hoping all the hints I have been dropping about Edible Arrangements will pay off ! 
Before you were conceived , I wanted you . \ 
Before you were born , I loved you . When you were born , I saw your face \ 
and knew I was in love . Before you were an hour old , I knew I would die \ 
for you . To this day , I will . With Mother's Day approaching , repost this\ 
if you have children you love more than life . 
going to take the state civil service exam today , I need a job ! Why does it seem like it's harder to find a job AFTER you graduate from college ? 
Did the state exam today , it was pretty easy and there were like a thousand people there ( literally ) so I'm not holding my breath to get a call on that one :( 
Well I am officially a Certified Medical Reimbursement Specialist ! Passed my exam with honors at 94% ! 
can't wait for tomorrow ! My hubby is horrible at surprises , he gets too excited , < PROPFEMALE > I'm gonna need help eating that edible arrangement he ordered for me ! mmmmm ..... Guys definitely buy your pregnant wife an edible arrangement for Mothers day , now I have to make sure the pregnancy hormones won't make me bitchy for at least a couple of weeks ! lol 
It's May 9 , and it's snowing ! Crazy shit , Happy Mothers Day ! 
Sitting here eating chocolate covered apple slices and watching The Lovely Bones with my hubby . The kiddies are actually behaving .... It's a Mothers day miracle ! 
is going to the zoo with Aubri's class today , hope it warms up ! 
I have been hunting to find out where this awful smell has been coming from , asked my son if he cleaned his hamsters tank \yes mom\ " . Well he did but he put the bag of dirty hamster \ " stuff\ " in his closet ! Maybe I should have changed the question and I would have found it sooner ? lol " 
Aubri has a bright red < PROPFEMALE > on her neck , took her to the doctor and he said it is maybe a late forming birth < PROPFIRST > and to just watch it . Ummm . watch it ? is it going to do a trick ? And I thought a birth < PROPFIRST > was something you have from BIRTH ? 
going for a sono today , they said last week my belly is measuring a little big .... ummmm thanks ? Hopefully it means they will move my due date up , I'm getting to old for this being pregnant crap ! Turning the big 30 in two days ! 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishing he could talk softly to her ear . While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he could make love to her . While you make your woman CRY there's a man stealing smiles from her . . Post this on your wall if you're against Domestic Violence 
Just wanted to thank everyone for the birthday wishes ! It was a good one , I got to be lazy and pregnant while everyone waited on me , now it's back to reality and mom is once again in charge of taking care of everyone ! LOL ( I really don't mind taking care of them , cuz no one else does it better than me ! lol ) 
so I had a weird dream about ABBA last night ( yes the band from the 70's ) My daughter watched Mama Mia with me last week and it is now her favorite movie ( which means we watch it three times a day ) Now my dreams follow the soundtrack of ABBA , creepy and funny all at the same time , lol 
so I finally got the pool set up , I'm exhausted ! So now I'm taking volunteers to come and help clean the house ! Any takers ? Come on help the pregnant lady out ! lol ! ( I should have had the kids help me clean BEFORE we set the pool up ;) 
HOT ! HOT ! HOT ! God I miss central AC ! The south got it right when they decided every building , home , school etc . should have central air , my baby's school was so hot when I picked her up , all the kids were fanning themselves with paper fans and begging the maintenance man to hurry up with the industrial size fans ! Poor baby stripped to her underwear when we got home and has been in her room all day with the AC . 
I had to do that icky glucose tolerance test last week and they think I may have gestational diabetes so I have to retake the test this week . If I do have it , it would explain why the baby is measuring so big and why I have been so damn tired . Oh well we'll see :( 
had a long but great day at the beach with my family , ready for a shower and bed !!!!!!! 
slept horrible , I had some really bad Braxton Hicks last night , August 9 hurry up !!! 
my mom is 62 and just got her first tattoo ! post pics later 
went for my second glucose tolerance test today , it was a 3 hour one , had to drink that super sweet orange soda stuff on an empty stomach and I still feel sick ! UGH ! I guess kids can be a pain in the butt right from < PROPFEMALE > huh ? ( well at least they are cute little pains in the butt , right , lol ) 
just got home from putting my son on the bus for his fieldtrip to Baltimore , he is such a butthead he didn't want to give me a kiss goodbye in front of all of his friends , boys are so mean ! lol 
UGH !! Here it is a Sunday and I've been up since 6 , just can't get back to sleep , especially since I can only sleep on my left or right side , it's making my whole body ache ! 
Who knew that registering online for a baby shower could be so much fun ? It's going to be sometime at the end of this month , I will post to let everyone know when . 
so my dad ran into some of my old friends while he was in FL ., and it's kind of depressing to hear that a lot of them are not doing too good , does Titusville just turn EVERYONE into crack heads and pill poppers ? I know I partied alot when I was younger , but come on ! You have kids and grow up , right ? I used to really miss where I grew up , now I just thank God I got out when I did . 
The kids and I are making our summer reading list and we are taking suggestions ! If you have read a great book lately or your kids have a favorite let me know so we can check them out , thanks ! 
went to the doc yesterday , they schedud another sono in four weeks and if this baby is still measuring really big they are going to induce me early ! woohoo ! So I might have another little girl in July instead of August ! 
didn't sleep well last night , lots on my mind , gonna make a list of all the things I'm thankfull for , #1 my dad and mom for teaching me how to be a good person , and how to let the negative stuff people say make me into a stronger person ! 
it's so humid and gloomy just going to spend the day vegging on the couch and waching movies with the husband and kiddies ! Gotta love lazy Saturdays ! 
< PROPMALE > Liddell used to be the man ! I am sooo dissapointed ! :( 
watched The Brothers last night , it was such a good movie ! 
finally got the house COMPLETELY cleaned , it only took me since 9 this morning because I had to take so many breaks , ( lots of Braxton Hicks from all the moving and bending ) but it feels so good to have everything done ! 
I really miss waking up to the sun ! Every morning this week has beencloudy and I just can't wake up no matter how much coffee I drink ! 
had a great day with my hubby and our dad's yesterday ! Went to my aunt's house for a cookout for my dad , then to my sister-in-laws for a cookout for my father-in-law . Too bad I'm as big as a house , the baby left no room for me to enjoy all the great food ( but she left plenty of room for horrible heartburn ! lol ) Happy be ; ated fathers day to all the dad's! 
UGH ! It is going to be another hot one today and our pool is still green ! I am scared to put more chemicals into it , all this rain is seriously interupting our swimming ! 
stupid refridgerator !!! 
so here it is , 1:30 in the morning and everyone is sleeping soundly but me . I think this baby is going to have her days and nights mixed up just like Aubri did , all day long she is fine but as soon as I try to sleep she decides to kicks me in my kidneys and ribs ... awwwww the joys of motherhood ! 
It is so freakin hot that I think I'm melting ! And yes my southern friends , I know you deal with weather like this all the time but you guys have central air EVERYWHERE you go ! Me , I have an AC in the bedroom , where I have been living 24/7 for the last few days ........ now I hate my bedroom ! lol 
went for my 35 week sono and the baby weighs about 6 lbs . already ! So far I'm not even close to dilating ( could've sworn I'd be a couple of centimeters with all those damn braxton hicks ) So now I'm down to wekly visits and hoping this baby gets as impatient as I am and decides to make her entrance a couple of weeks early ! 
I have a few things I'm trying to get rid of if anyone wants them ... 1)aching back 2)tired feet 3 ) sore ankles 4 ) swollen hands 4 ) bulging belly . They are free and no returns please , I've had enough ! 
I must be nesting because I spent the entire day yesterday dusting , sweeping , mopping , waxing and organizing ( the kids rooms are even spotless ... amazing ! ) and even though my feet and back are sore I just added 3 things to my list ! lol 
trying my hardest to be patient ! ( unfortunately the more I try to be patient the more impatient I become , these last 3 weeks are going to take forever ! ) 
me and the hubby walked 2 1/2 < PROPMALE > yesterday trying to get this baby in the right position and I think it worked ! I actually woke up today and felt great ! She is definitely lower because I can breath now and I didn't wake up with heartburn , now hopefully she will figure out that she can come out at any time and start making some moves ! 
Damn doctors ! Getting me all excited , I went Thursday and was having some contractions , they checked and said I was in early labor , I thought I was too , contractions , backache , pressure , cramping , etc ., etc . Now it's Saturday and nothing ! This baby is going to be a stubborn little jokester .... well I guess she'll fit right in then ! 
Lohan who ? I cant believe the news coverage being given to a spoiled 20-something yr old . Here are a few 20 year-olds worth knowing about : < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley 29 , < PROPMALE > Weikert 29 , Justus Bartelt 27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 26 , < PROPMALE > hew < PROPMALE > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Goeke 23 , & < PROPMALE > Tate 27 . These 20-somethings gave their lives for you this week . Repost if you support the Military !!! 
I was going to wait to start the D-day countdown until the 1st but then I realized that it would be an odd number ( plus I'm too impatient ! ) , I have enough odd things in my life , so I am starting now ...... 10 more days ! Well unless she's as stubborn as Aubri was and makes us wait an extra week ;) 
8 more days ! The countdown continues to continue ........ I think I might drive myself crazy before this baby comes ! 
Happy Birthday to my son ! I can't believe he is 10 already ! He had his first football practice yesterday , he had to skip Jr. Peewee and go straight to Peewee because he is so much bigger than the other kids , makes me kinda nervous but he is good at it and he loves it so I guess I shouldn't worry too much . 
Finally ! My cell phone is back on ! 
Getting stressed out ! My sons father has decided it's time for his annual display of douchbaggery ! 
went to the doctor today and she stripped my membranes , never even heard of that till today . But hopefully it will push this labor thing because I am 2 centimeters , so hopefully I will have a baby in the next couple of days ! 
Thought last night was it but no such luck , just a lot of being uncomfortable and some semi-hard contractractions that did nothing but prevent me from sleeping ! This little girl is already a pain in my butt ! 
Well today is D-Day ! Let'ssee if we can make this happen , I want to go for a long walk later but it was already 78 degrees by 9am so I might just have to walk circles around the dining room table , lol . 
Still no baby but for some reason along with the swollen feet and hands my nose and lips decided to swell up too ! Very weird , called the doc and they said that happens with some women before they go into labor . My nose swelled with Aubri too but never the lips . How the heck does < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > talk with those things on her mouth ? 
Finally ! There is light at the end of the tunnel ! ( kinda literally , lol ) Went to the docs today and they are going to induce me at 7pm tomorrow , so sometime Early Saturday I should have my baby girl here ! 
Still only 4 centimeters after 9 hours ! Thank God for demerol ! Lol 
wow I kinda forgot how tired a new baby can make you . Add to that a 4 year old who has decided she can't do things for herself anymore , can't believe I'm not delerious yet ! Thank God for my nieces < PROPFEMALE > and Meranda , they have been here all week and are such a big help ! The hubby finally got a couple of days off work to spend time with us , sooo looking forward to family time ! 
I am starting to come to the conclusion that if I am to take care of the baby , help Aubri with all the things she wants help with ( most of which she can do for herself , but won't ) , make time for Cale , make time for the hubby , and continue to wallow in my OCD tendencies by keeping the house completely spotless and neat , then I need to make a clone of myself .... possibly two . Now to find a mad scientist somewhere ....... 
finally got the baby to sleep , now the four year old is awake and trying to persuade me to let her in our bed . If I give in she will be sleeping in our bed till she's married , so I am now being forced into staying awake even longer until she falls back to sleep in her own bed .... heres hoping she doesn't fake me out and wait till I'm sleeping to sneak in bed with us :( 
Cale had his first scrimmage last night for football and his team won ! Today he finds out if he is first or second string ( fingers crossed ) . Daddy stayed home with baby by himself for the first time and after three hours he was ready to pull his hair out . Sometimes he acts like a new mother that doesn't have a clue what to do when a baby starts fussing a little bit ...... men ! 
does anyone know how to slow down time ? I swear my life is running at the speed of light , Either that or I am just functioning way too slowly . 
Need to find a job , I am so ready to be working again ! 
so I figured out today that classical music helps the baby sleep , now I'm wondering if will help the 4 year old too ? Now I have to do some research , if I have to listen to it , it might as well be something worth listening to and not just whats on the radio . 
One kid off to school today , the other starts on Monday , then it is blissful silence for 7 hours a day ! No more \Mom ! Brother farted ! \ " or \ " Mom ! She's looking at me ! \ " 100 times an hour . Instead they will pack a whole days worth of arguing into the hour and a half it takes to get ready every morning ..... oh well I'll take what I can get ! " 
so < PROPFEMALE > likes to play tricks on her mama ! One night she will sleep for 5 hours straight , the next she is up every two hours and wants to play . Needless to say , my internal clock is pissed at me right now ! 
sitting here wishing summer wasn't over and trying to think of something cool for my dad on his birthday . Happy Birthday Dad ! 
Aubri's first day of going to school for the whole day is tomorrow ! She is so excited , I can already tell it's going to be a long night ! 
Aubri's first day of school and already she ' s telling me she hates the boy who sits next to her , I ask why and she says \because he thinks he can boss me around but he doesn't know yet that girls are supposed to be the boss ! \ " I guess she is learning something from her momma ! Hopefully he learns quick or I'm afraid she might try to knock him out ! " 
trying to avoid having to pull out the winter clothes and go through them to see what still fits the kids , it's only September and already the leaves are changing and it's 59 degrees ! Blah !! 
Good news ! Cale is eligible to be considered for Pop < PROPMALE > Footballs All American Scholar this year ! I'm so proud of my smart boy :) 
I should really be taking advantage of the baby sleeping and start cleaning the house but for some reason I always end up on Facebook ! lol 
Texas Hold Em tournement tonight ! Heres hoping I don't lose all my money ! :) 
I am patiently waiting for the day that I can wake up and actually feel like I've slept ! 
84 degrees New York ! I love Indian summer ! 
I've carried a child within my body ; comforted a baby on my chest . I have kissed booboos , mended broken hearts , been puked and peed on , woken up in the middle of the night to a feverish child and more , but I wouldn't have it any other way . My body isn't magazine perfect , but when I look ... in the mirror I see a mom .. and .. there is no greater honor or blessing . Make this your wall post if you are proud to be a MOM 
so I got a job ( definitely NOT the one I wanted ! ) but it will do for now , a paycheck is a paycheck . I haven't even went to work yet and I already miss my kiddies ! :( 
AAGGH ! I hate work , but I love the paycheck , just wish I could bring the baby to work with me , I hate not seeing her all day :( 
woke up to a screaming baby at 3am and while I was fighting my way out of the covers I twisted my knee , now I can't walk on it , gotta love it ! 
I think I need to work on my swing , life is throwing way too many curveballs at me lately ! 
finally ! this horrible week is over ! Now I'm going to sit in the rain and watch my son's first game of the play-offs ! Good luck Cale ! 
What kind of employer gives you a pay check drawn off a bad account , then tells you it's your own fault for depositing it in your bank account instead of cashing it at a store ? Obviously the kind I don't work for anymore ! Now he owes me $800 to pay me up to date and he wants to give me a check ! Ummmmm , how bout NO ! This guy really thinks I'm stupid and that pisses me off more than not getting paid ! 
AOCDRNDICG TO RSCHEEARCH AT CMABRIGDE UINERVTISY , IT DSENO'T MTAETR WAHT OERDR THE LTTERES IN A WROD ARE , THE OLNY IPROAMTNT TIHNG IS TAHT THE FRSIT AND LSAT LTTEER BE IN THE RGHIT PCLAE . TIHS IS BCUSEAE THE HUAMN MNID DEOSNOT RAED ERVEY LTETER BY ISTLEF , BUT THE WROD AS A WLOHE . IF YOU ... CAN ... RAED TIHS , PSOT IT TO YUOR WLAL . OLNY 55% OF PLEPOE CAN 
Well Cale's football team lost at district championships but they still might have a < PROPMALE > to go to stae , we will see this week :) His team gave a good fight , we are so proud of him ! Now it's time for some halloween movies ( Isoooo want to watch < PROPMALE > Horror but I think the kids are just a little too young for that one ! ) 
so halloween is over and now it's time to startr planning Thanksgiving , at least I got a head start on Christmas , my mother has been bugging me for weeks now and yesterday I finally gave in and dis about 2/3 of my shopping . Thanks mom ! 
I need to think of something big and expensive that I want for Christmas from my husband and I don't have a clue ! I gave him his present early ( a new 12 gauge ) and he is upset because I told him I can't think of anything I really want . I know it's weird but I'm not big on receiving gifts , it makes me happier to give them and I hate when people insist that I MUST want something for Christmas . 
Fussy baby , vomiting four year old and 3 am ..... Welcome to my life ! Aubri heard me tell her father that she has a stomach bug and in between all the dry heaving she keeps begging me to help her get the bug out of her stomach so her tummy will stop hurting :( I finally convinced her that there is no bug and she's sleeping , now to get my fussy baby asleep and maybe I will be able to survive ! Ahh the joys of motherhood ! 
Well that's two down ! Aubri had the stomach bug this past weekend , now my husband has it ( and he never gets sick ) hopefully it won't pass on to me or my son ( or the baby ! ) even though my son has been using the \my stomach hurts\ " excuse a lot lately to try to get out of going to school . He gets upset when I tell him that I need to see spontaneous vomit for him to be able to stay home ( I love this job ! ) " 
well that's three down :( the baby caught the stomach bug too , poor baby ! spent all day at the ER with her yesterday , thank God it's onlya 24 hour bug ! 
So the stomach bug finally made it's way to me :( sucks even more because < PROPFEMALE > being sick for a couple days has completely thrown her schedule and feddings off , she has been sooo fussy at night ( praying it's not colic ! ) heres hoping my sweet baby gets her sweet demeanor back soon , I hate it when she screams and cries and nothing I do makes it better :( 
so I have this virus that is kicking my ASS ! I have tried everything to beat it but I guess there are just some you can't win :( 
Dear God : if you could just please take this horrible , miserable disgusting , hacking up a lung cough away , I promise to NEVER use the F-word again(not even by myself and especially not when some jack-ass cuts me off on the highway) ! Please , Thank you and Amen ! 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB til Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse , copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same 
SNOW ! 
sooo tired ! Was at the ER all night with the baby and now the other kids are awake so I guess I'll have to catch some sleep with one eye open ..... 
snow day ! I'm a really mean mom , lol , the kids were so excited that school got canceled today until I told them they had to clean their rooms ( you can't even open Aubri's door all the way because there is so much stuff on the floor ! ) 
If you live near a Bass Pro Shop and you have little ones check out their website , they have a Winter Wonderland set up in the stores for the whole month of Decmber . The kids can do crafts , write letters to < PROPFEMALE > and get to meet < PROPFEMALE > ( complete with a free photo ) we are taking the kids to the one in Auburn this weekend ) they are soooo excited ! 
thinks a long hot bubble bath is in her immediate future ! 
you know there's a lot of snow when your husbands job calls a snow day ! So now the kids are home and the husband , maybe I should call a snow day for myself ? 
I think I better go to the grocery store and stock up , we have a noreaster coming which probabaly means another 100 ft . of snow . I still haven't un-buried my car from the last storm ! 
I got all < PROPFEMALE > Stewert last night and made a Christmas centerpiece , I also superglued my fingers together several times , any ideas as to how to get superglue off without ripping off your skin too ? 
drinking coffee and listening to the baby talk to herself in the bedroom , she always wakes up so happy ! :) 
great ! the baby learned how to pull the binky out of her mouth but she can't quite put it back in , so every couple of seconds she starts screaming cuz she's sticking it in her eye ! lol 
more snow ! I have to admit , I really do love it ( but that's probably cuz I don't HAVE to go out in it unless I want to ) Anyway the kids are praying for another snow day , I guess we'll see ! 
I am going to brave the stores today for some last minute shopping , oh man , this is gonna be torture ! 
just enjoyed a lazy day watching Christmas movies ! 
In loving memory : Jack < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > October 7 , 2005-December 20 , 2005 . RIP baby boy . 
Panchito's Taqueria = stuffed ! 
The baby has a cough and runny nose and since you can't give babies cold medicine any more we are making do with a humidifier and lots of snuggling . Having a cold and dealing with sick kids is the worst thing about winter ! 
convinced the hubby to cook dinner and it wasn't even that hard ! Just told him that I really miss his cooking and how he is a much better cook than me , poor guy his ego always gets him stuck doing things ! lol 
finally back home , my house is destroyed and I don't care ! I'm up to my elbows in boxes and darn twist ties that hold the toys in the boxes , whoever invented those twist ties must hate Christmas ! 
my dryer finally bit the dust ! I have been dealing with the death cries for weeks , now I finally am getting my new set ! Now maybe I can get laundry done quicker since I won't have to dry each load 5 times , lol . 
< PROPFEMALE > got her first tooth ! Man , both of my girls got them early , good thing I can't have anymore or my mother-in-laws old saying might take effect and I'd have another one on the way in no time , lol 
since I very rarely get out without the kids I am looking forward to not remembering much from tonight ! Happy New Year everyone , here's hoping that 2011 is better than 2010 in every way ! 
The sun has been out all day ! I love it ! 
sooo tired , the baby got her second tooth and I think she has a third one coming in , she is up every three hours .... this is crazy ! 
Aubri lost her first tooth yesterday and the tooth < PROPFEMALE > brought her two dollars ! She was sooo excited , it's funny though , < PROPFEMALE > getting one tooth after another and Aubri is losing them , lol . 
My husband is surprising Aubri with Disney < PROPFEMALE > on ice tickets when he comes home today , she is going to freak out , I can't wait ! 
went ice skating with my sister , hubby and the kids last night and now I'm sore as hell ! I haven't went ice skating since I was 7 years old but I guess I better start practicing cuz Aubri loves it ! Cale not so much , he spent more time on his but than on his feet , lol 
Do I work ? Uh yeah , I work . 24 hours a day . Why ? Because I'm a MOM . I am a cook , a cleaner , a parent , a teacher , a referee , a nanny , a nurse , a handyman , a maid , a security officer , a photographer , a counselor , a chauffeur and a comforter . I don't get holidays , sick pay or any days off I work through the DAY and NIGHT ... I am on call at ALL hours . Tell me your job is harder than mine . Post if you are a proud MOM 
my son got in trouble for the first time ever at school yesterday , he and his best friend decided they were mad enough at each other to start fist fighting in class . Now he's grounded and lost all of his priveleges , maybe I need to ground him more , he cleaned his room , shoveled the sidewalk and took out the garbage all without me asking . Amazing how much motivation a kid gets when they are grounded to their room ! 
Sweet girls come from the south , Barbies come from CA , but NY girls have fire & ice in our blood ! We can drive in the snow , handle the cold , beat the heat , be a < PROPFEMALE > , throw a right hook and drink w/ the boys ! We can cook a wicked good meal & if we have an opinion , You bet your @ss you're gonna hear it !!! -repost if ur a PROUD NY girl 
I can't believe it , my baby girl is 5 years old today ! Oh Lord , please give me the strength to get through her teen years , 5 years old and she's already a handful , hopefully my mothers curse will skip this one , lol ! 
the kids are sleeping and the hubby got called on an emergency board-up at 8 and still isn't home yet , I hope this won't be an all nighter ! it's so hard to go to sleep without him here :( 
beer 
arrrrgggghhh ! apartment hunting = not fun ! All the apartments that sound really great are either really crappy or in horrible nieghborhoods ! I've tried craigslist , syracuse.com and the paper , does anyone know of any other place rentals are listed ? 
< PROPFEMALE > rolled over by herself for the first time ! I didn't actually see it but when I woke up she was asleep on her back and when she woke up she was on her stomach ..... abd really pissed that she could notroll back over , lol 
another morning with no sun , I can't friggin wait for spring ! 
woke up with a headache and woudn't you know it , the sun is shining ! Figures that I would feel like crap on the first < PROPFEMALE > day in weeks ! 
so many people need jobs and my husband is always trying to help his friends and family get work and then when he needs someone to work with him they all find some excuse not to . Now instead of him being called in for a few hours , he's going to be there all night ! I just don't get some people ........ 
kids are in bed , laundry is done and house is clean ........ aaaahhhhhhhhh ....... ( big sigh of relief ! ) 
the hubby's 25 birthday is tomorrow and we are going to the casino ! Can't wait , wish me luck cuz I suck at gambling ! 
well we lost at the casino but we had fun doing it ! Now off for a day of shopping with my lover ! ( lover = husband so don't get any ideas people , lol ) 
The weather says another 8 to 10 inches on top of our crappy weather today so we are hunkering down , I'm going to start reading \The Girl Who Played With Fire\ " ( girl with the dragon tattoo sequel ) and making homemade chicken and dumplings for dinner .... mmmmm .. mmmm can't wait ! " 
WOMEN'S ASS SIZE STUDY ... There is a new study about women and how they feel about their asses . The results were pretty interesting : 30% of women think their ass is too fat ... 10% of women think their ass is too skinny ... The remaining 60% say they don't care . They love him , he's a good man and that they wouldn't trade him for the world 
woke up tired , ain't that a bitch ! 
Well my hubby won 50 bucks and my son is upset is crying because the steelers lost . Oh well they can't all be happy ! 
so I decided to check out ancestry.com today and I have been stuck ! so far I traveled all the way back to 1851 ! Pretty cool ! 
Yayyyyy ! I think I might have finally found a vehicle ! Maybe evn two if they both test drive ok , it will be so nice to have my own car so I'm not stuck at home waiting for my hubby ! 
1 . Go to Google Maps and click on \Get Directions . \ " \ 
What the hell !? The sun was shining bright when I woke up and now it looks like it's 9 at night . Damn Snow !!!!! 
going to put my car on the road today ! Can't wait , Thursday the Jeep will be done and going on the road also , super excited to finally be mobile again ! 
I wish I had a jobvwhere i could just stand around and take breaks whenever I want like they do at the dmv ! unbelievable ! 
Finally done at the dmv now i have to pick up my three little monsters and try to get home on time to cook dinner ! So much for valentines day ! 
so I usually don't get into valentines day , I'm not a girl who's into all that mushy crap and normally think it's a another holiday that makes people feel like they have to spend money on un-needed things , but my husband got me a card < PROPFEMALE > and flowers and the card was so sweet it made me start tearing up , so I guess valentines day is kinda OK but only sometimes ....... 
So I took my civil service exam last year with about 1000 other people and scored really high , unfortunately for me so did a lot of other people . Now I got a job offer with the state in the mail but it's for 3rd shift which is just about impossible to work out with two kids and a newborn . UUGGHH ! I hate job searching ! 
Lord help me ! The hubby fell asleep early , so I was on my own with the kids , finally got them in bed 15 minutes ago and the baby woke up . Never count on relaxing when you have kids ! At least < PROPFEMALE > likes her swing cuz she is happy and quiet which is better than nothing I guess , lol . 
while researching my family tree I found one of my dad's cousins that he has never met before . It's pretty cool he and his daughter are coming to my dad's so we can meet tomorrow . Pretty exciting ! 
so my hubbey got called back into work as soon as he wallked in the door . The roof of a church collapsed and they have to get all the snow and ice off the rest of it so it doesn't go down too . My poor baby , he works way too hard ! now I need to make him something good for dinner , wonder what I should make ?.......... 
Playing cards and losing money , wtf ! 
it's pretty sad when you are so used to being freezing that 50 degree weather is t-shirt time and the door is open ! Thank God for the sunshine and nice weather ! 
It's never good getting a call from your kids principal , my son went target shooting with my husband last week and decided he was going to bring one of the spent shells into school to show his friends . He couldn't fing the shell so he brought one of the live bullets instead . Thankfully they ar being really lenient , they know he wasn't trying to threaten anyone , his teacher was one of the first people he showed . 
Stupid time < PROPMALE > cable ! 
my husband made me breakfast in bed , he is such a sweetheart ! At least that's wht I thought until I saw the kitchen and realized I was going to have to clean it up ! 
picking up my Jeep tomorrow ! Can't wait .... now if I could just manage to go to bed before 1am ! Never seems to happen though 
kid's have no school this week , I think syracuse city school district is trying to make me insane ! 
online applications suck ! 
Thank God for < PROPFIRST>'s Big Music Show , if it wasn't for that I would never be able to shower before 3 pm , lol 
once again I've been bitten by the insomnia bug ...... I hate that I can't regulate my sleep schedule ! Can't fall asleep , can't stay asleep , wish I didn't need sleep ! 
once again the dmv is a madhouse ! 
narcissism : excessive admiration for ones self , boastfulness 
Only 37 more people in front of me , in dmv time that's only a couple of hours right ? 
Someones stalking my status updates , funny thing is they aren't even about them ! Get a life ! Lol 
ahhhh , what a day ! Hours at the DMV , then come home and have 5 extra kids stay the night ... you'd think I'd be ready for bed ! LOL . I don't get it , I'm pretty strict and kids are begging me to stay the night at my house ! Must mean we have a fun house , either that or they just like how rowdy we are , lol . 
Can't wait for my hubby to get home ! All he does is work , he needs a break ( and some extra lovin for working so hard ! ) ;) 
Got quicky , my partner in absurdity ! Ready to offend ? Moi ? Offend ? Lol sometimes ! Ready , set , GO ! 
So my daughter got ahold of scissors and i'm probably gonna have to finish cutting it , my husband is gonna cry ! 
Wow ! My husband wants me to glue tracks in my baby girls head ! Sorry no extensions in my baby's hair lol 
I got my Foxy back , my poor baby is going to have puppies any day , I'm so excited and nervous .... this must be how expectant dads feel ! lol 
If you can't take the heat stay out of the kitchen .... I thought you liked to cook ? author ~ < PROPFIRST > Rivera ;) 
If you grew up in a glass house , you shouldn't throw stones , even if you don't live there now ! 
Tomorrows game : the Metaphore ! -- A figure of speech in which a word for one idea or thing is used in place of another to suggest a likeness between them 
It is easy to hate and it is difficult to love . This is how the whole scheme of things works . All good things are difficult to achieve ; and bad things are very easy to get . \ 
~ Confucius ~ 
Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance . \ 
~ confucius ~ 
If you get down and quarell everyday , you're saying prayers to the devil , I say . \ 
~ Bob Marley ~ 
Do not overrate what you have received , nor envy others . He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind . \ 
~ Buddha ~ 
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt . \ 
~ Mark Twain ~ 
Better a broken promise than none at all . \ 
But who prays for Satan ? Who , in eighteen centuries , has had the common humanity to pray for the one sinner that needed it most ? \ 
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living . The world owes you nothing . It was here first . \ 
We think sometimes that poverty is only being hungry , naked and homeless . The poverty of being unwanted , unloved and uncared for is the greatest poverty . We must start in our own homes to remedy this kind of poverty\ 
\ 
~ Mother Theresa ~ 
There must be a reason why some people can afford to live well . They must have worked for it . I only feel angry when I see waste . When I see people throwing away things that we could use . \ 
I've learned that people will forget what you said , people will forget what you did , but people will never forget how you made them feel . \ 
~ Maya Angelou ~ 
A mistake is always forgivable , rarely excusable and always unacceptable . \ 
~ Robert Fripp ~ 
 ? So cool ! I can feel Foxy's babies moving in her belly ! She should be having them any time now ! I hope it goes ok and i am definitely getting her fixed , y 
 ? ou can tell she is so uncomfortable :( 
Hubby's got the day off due to the rain so we get to spend ALLLLLLL day together ! Days like today make the 10 yrar old with adhd come out in him so I'm taking my headache medicine now just to get a head start ! lol , if only he could harness that energy to do good , like start on my growing list of things to be fixed ! 
Both girls have a checkup today , this is not going to be fun , they are both getting shots , my poor babies are going to be miserable :( 
just got done doing my cousins hair agot the kids in bed ! time to relax ! 
The baby has an ear infection , which means I'm running on about 2 hours of sleep ! Hope she starts feeling better today :( 
Any fool can criticize , condemn and complain and most fools do . \ 
~ Benjamin Franklin ~ 
all i have to say is '' wow''! 
it has been ten years today since my grandpa passed . sometimes it feels like just yeasterday that i was sitting at the table talking to him . he is greatly missed ! 
wow ! wisconsin is really pissed of ! 
this is going to be a loooooong day ! 
So let me get this straight ............ Kelsey Grammer can end a 15 yr marriage by phone , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > can be on divorce #9 , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods , while married , were having sex with EVERYONE , 53% of Americans get divorced and 30-60% cheat on their spouses . Yet , same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ? Really ? Re-post if you find this ironic 
yayyyy !! my mom finally got a facebook ! she is so funny she said '' i can't wait to do facebook '' lol 
ok everyone , I have a question .... at what age should your kid be before checking their facebook becomes an invasion of privacy ? 
really need to get motivatd to go grocery shopping ! Someone please send me motivation ! lol 
Both the girls have been sick in the past tow weeks , I thought it was going to skip the rest of us but I woke up this morning with a sore throat and both ears hurting and I realized I was wrong ! 
If the weather keeps up like this the kids won't have school tomorrow , too bad I'm sick or I'd take them sledding or ice skating :( 
give it up for all the stay at home moms ! It is one of the hardest but most rewarding job I've ever had . Sure it's not easy living on one income but our children are worth it ! 
damn , woke up not feeling good and we are pretty much snowed in ! Oh well the kids can have fun building a snow fort ! 
so we went off roading in the jeep only we didn't really get to go off the road :) it will be a lot more fun when it's all mud :) 
still sick ! Seems like I always feel worse in the morning , I'm trying so hard not to pass it back to one of the girls but they are so damn cuddley and lovable it's hard to stay away from them ! 
I think we are going to have some puppies tonight ! I'm so nervous ! 
Ok so how do you completely remove someone so you can't see any of their posts , even if you have mutual friends ? 
i think puppies are in the very near future !!!! 
puppy # 1 is a girl ! 
Please copy this into your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for people who need a punch in the face , except a punch in the face . 93% of people won't repost this - Why ? Because they probably need a punch in the FACE !!! 
we lost the runt today :( I am definitely getting Foxy fixed , I don't want her or me to hve to go through this again ! 
` . ` .  . ` . PRAYER WAVE . ` . ` .  . ` .  Going out to all those affected in the Pacific and everywhere else affected by the earthquake and tsunami . Keep this going .... Keep them all in your prayers and thoughts .. 
 ? Nothing like sitting in the ER with your husband ( Who has a concussion and possibe broken ribs ) when suddenly some black guy starts calling all the littl 
 ? e asian kids monkey mother f****ers ...... It went on for about 2 minutes and then security had to move the guy before Bubba beat the crap out of him ! Gott 
 ? a love St. < PROPFIRST>'s!!! 
so Bubba is OK , no broken ribs but he does have a concussion , I guess his head isn't as hard as I though , lol . 
so another week begins and another kid is sick , my son has NEVER been sick a day in his life ! He is not taking this very well , must be he's in training for when he becomes a man ( every man I know turns instantly into a helpless , whiny complaining baby when they get sick , my husband being the worst offender ) lol . 
TERMS USED BY WOMEN\ 
1 . FINE-This is the word women use to end an argument when they KNOW they are right and you need to shut up . \ 
2 . NOTHING-This means SOMETHING and you should be wary . \ 
3 . GO AHEAD-This is a dare , NOT permission . DON'T DO IT ! \ 
4 . WHATEVER-is a woman's way of saying F*YOU ! \ 
5 . THAT'S OK-She's thinking long and hard before deciding HOW and WHEN you WILL pay for your mistake ! \ 
Repost , and save a life . 
had an awesome time at the wedding ! congrats to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! ps tell ur momm not to facebook any drunk pics of me ! xoxo ! 
Thank you God for this horrible rainy weather ! It makes me want to lay in bed all day , which is impossible with a teething baby and an eneregetic 5 year old ..... pair that with a house that \not me\ " makes a mess of every day ! " 
Thank you God !!!! < PROPFEMALE>'s tooth finally came in ! That makes 3 so far , hopefully we will have a happier baby on our hands now ! 
banana 
I will never understand why some people feel the need to down someone else just to make themselves feel better ? It's funny though , when they try to do it to you and see it doesn't work , they just move on to the next person . I guess all you can do is pray for those people ! 
it's so nice out ! taking the kiddies to the park to ride their bikes 
Hey you . No not you . Not you either . You . Yeah you right there . Grow the f*ck up ! 
