Toto , I've a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore . 

The animals are acting weird . The dog's depressed , the seagulls are dive-bombing the thruway , the cat is a freak , and the deer are stopping to listen to the Beastie Boys ... and something was setting off an electronic child's toy in the back yard last nig 
There are no kids in my house . None . 
What a gorgeous day . Get out there and enjoy it , everyone who can !!! 
What the hell kind of horoscope is that ? 
Tough schedule this week - Helplessly watching as my inhibitions slip away with each progressive day of sleep deprivation . Today , I just don't give a shit . 
Social Experiment : If you read this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment with a memory of you and me . It can be anything you want , either good or bad . When you're finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you will be surprised with wha 
feeling only slightly less volatile after a good night's sleep . 
Just got back from watching my husband & friend perform a Pink < PROPMALE > song for < PROPFEMALE>'s amazing summer service . Everyone did such a great job . 
Waking up with coffee and FB . 
Back from Whoville and going to bed now . 
Humidity hair . 
Oh , thank God they finally mowed those lawns ... NOW people can stop shooting each other ! 
Much too tired ... like being drunk - you know , you think you have reached a profound place in your mind , but really you're just being stupid . Yeah . Good night FB . 
A sharp tongue can cut your own throat ... hmmm . 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
I had a dream that my phone also made coffee ! I was having a little trouble getting the filter fitted into the \ok\ " button when I woke up . " 
3530 messages in my inbox - only 1190 unread ... going back to Feb 2005 . So maybe my dear friend was right and I have been neglecting my email ... 
I'll trade you our piano for an elliptical ... ? 
off to Never Never Land ... 
Tongue tied and twisted , just an Earth-bound misfit , I ... 
is refraining from inflaming . For now . 
Crabby . 
? ? ? ? ? ? 
Let it hail , let it hail , let it hail ...? 
? Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer ! ? All I want for Christmas is a CURE ! ? Dear God , I pray for the cure of cancer . Amen . 
searching for reason in this season . 
Making Grandma's chocolate chip cookies today . 
If you're not where you are , you're nowhere . 
? ? Teacher says that I've been naughty - I must learn to concentrate - But the girls they pull my hair - And with the boys I can't relate - Daddy says I'm good for nothing - Mama says that it's from him - Manic sister thinks I'm cracking - Brother says it's in my genes ? ? 
The governments of the earth have built up a structure that exists only by the power of money . 
I smelled a spoon sliding down a hill because I'm sexy and I do what I want . 
I really love my mom ! If you aren't too proud to say thank you to your mom for helping you be the great person you are today ( present down-slide excluded :-)) , please copy and paste this to your profile ! I expect to see this many times ! ;~} Some people no longer have their Moms here to appreciate ! We have a million th ... ings in our lives to thank them for , to say the least 
If you are a parent with the greatest kids on earth , then copy and repost this and let's give our kids the recognition they need ! I am proud of my children and I thank God for them everyday . :) 
Nothing cures insomnia like the realization that it's time to get up . 
Keep this going ... What was the #1 song on the day you were born ? Google the date and #1 billboard song ... Copy and paste with yours .... Mine was \Paint it Black\ " by The Rolling Stones . :) " 
From Urban Dictionary : One of the most popular names for a newborn girl in 1970 . Most Lisas are hot ... Usually attracts weird guys named < PROPFIRST > who do absolutely NOTHING for her , but she still remains independent ... WARNING : Lisas can be cranky in the morning but really loyal after she's eaten her waffles ... In a girl group , she's more a tentative one and doesn't like being in the centre of attention . 
? ? My tea's gone cold , I'm wonderin why I got out of bed at all ... Morning rain ( snow ) clouds up my window , and I can't see at all ... Even if I could , it would all be gray ... ? ? 
Went to order a book online and ended up spending 20 minutes staring at Kindle , again ... 
\Love is a serious mental disease . \ " ~ Plato " 
I think the Universe is sending me messages through my music Shuffle . 
Actions speak louder than words . Lack of action speaks pretty loudly , too . 
just reheated some < PROPFEMALE > , and all 3 kids ran from the room with their hands over their faces screaming , \Don't ever make that again ! \"" 
\Raindrops on roses and whiskers on kittens\ " needs to get out of my head ! " 
Seven minutes to seven days off . Cool . 
How do you download music ? 
just saw Subversive Theatre Collective Presents NECESSARY TARGETS by < PROPFEMALE > Ensler , and cried ... Awesome and thought-provoking ... Then went to ETS , cause all that thinking and crying made us hungry . :) 
Had a busy day . Work , sleep , clean grill a little , start dinner , set the grill on fire , clean the grill better , finish dinner , < PROPFEMALE > with the kids for a few minutes , and back to work . 
has noticed that most of the other drivers I called names this week have been using cellphones ... 
We have baby birds in our wall . :) 
I wish everyone could love their job as much as I do . 
It's so quiet here in suburbia , except for the occasional creepy noises coming through the open windows ... I feel like I'm in a horror film ... seriosly what is that noise ? It sounds like metal scraping/squeaking ... 
tried out a new triceps exercise today . So why do my LEGS hurt ? 
It's not an owl ... 
Crap . I'm sick . 
Being a NURSE means : You < PROPFEMALE > immense \ 
responsibility & very little authority . You step into people's lives\ 
& make a difference . Some bless you , others curse you . You see \ 
people at their worst & best . You see life begin & end . You see \ 
people's capacity for love , courage , & endurance . ? IT'S NURSES \ 
APPRECIATION WEEK . REPOST IF ... YOU ARE A NURSE , LOVE A NURSE , AND/OR \ 
APPRECIATE A NURSE ???? ?? 
Snowflakes . May 8th . :( 
Thank God ! Time to do laundry and clean the shower ! :) 
Bright and early for the daily races ... 
I NEED some Skittles . 
... ... and the wisdom to know the difference . 
In memory of every cancer patient , family\ 
member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer , and the \ 
ones who continue to fight to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > for 1\ 
hour if you know someone who has or has had cancer . 
Waste not , want not . 
\ ... if you are not annoying someone you are not doing anything new . I think\ 
\ ... and now there is a mountain goat \ 
\You don't need charisma to become a leader . Being a leader gives you charisma . \ " \ 
Overheard\ 
on ESPN : Today during the 2010 FIFA World Cup match between \ 
Russia and Uruguay , ESPN commentators were talking about the controversy\ 
over vuvuzelas ( S . African stadium horns ) . Said one reporter \ 
to the other : \I have 5 children at home 
In just 60 hours I'll be on my way to Germany . :) 
I love my job . I really do . But I am still amazed at how long these last few hours before vacation are taking to pass . Seriously . 
About to take off from JFK to Frankfurt ! :) 
ok , well , that plane was a dud , back inside JFK , waiting ... 
I'm on a plane ... 
I am in Germany safe and sound ! Now let's see what kind of trouble I can get my sister into this time . :) 
Backpacking through Europe ... Better late than never ! 
Home safe and sound . The return flights were uneventful , except that someone stole my book , title of which was , \The Book Thief \"." 
Prescription drug advertising should be illegal . It's not education - it's sales/propaganda . 
Anyone know when the next Stangl breakfast is ? 
I love it when my husband cooks . even better when he turns random leftovers into a delicious meal - and cleans up ! 
Did someone say there is a SPoT Coffee opening on Hertel ...? 
There is always something to learn , always something practical to be done , \ 
always some moment to dream , always a kind act awaiting .... and all \ 
those precious in between moments for a quiet meditation . Bored is not \ 
in my vocabulary . The world around you is bursting with magic - just \ 
open your eyes ! ~ Wild Woman 
Thanks everyone for the get-well wishes - I feel better already ! 
Not that it's any of your business , but ... I like it on the console in my < PROPFIRST > . 
is ready to start week 2 of day shift and that feeling like \I just crawled out from under a rock into the bright sun\ " is starting to fade ... " 
Well that was a fun little stomach virus for the weekend . Feeling better now , though . 
is thankful for all the Veterans . 
is headed for the skyway on a blustery day , wheee ! 
oooh yeah baby , I found my laser pointer . 
What a nice day ! I've had coffee with my daughter , coffe with some good friends , a fabulous brownie , a great walk in the sunshine and run/play in the park with my giant puppy , and now he is happily napping at my side while I connect with friends online . 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone ! 
Women\ 
marry men hoping they will change . Men marry women hoping they will \ 
not . So each is inevitably disappointed . -- < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
Nothing wakes a kid up faster than telling them they have a snow day . 
From now to Dec 8 , change your profile pic to a cartoon hero from your childhood . The Goal ? To not see a single human face on Facebook , rather a veritable invasion of childhood memories in support of Child Abuse Prevention . 
Happy Bodhi Day ! 
It's a wonderful life . 
had a lot of fun tonight playing \Just Dance 2\ " on the Wii with my girls ! " 
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach . A human hair can hold 3kg . The length of a penis is 3 times the length of the thumb . The femur is hard as concrete . A woman's heart beats faster than a man's . Women blink 2x as much as men . We use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand . The woman has read this entire thing . The man is still looking at his thumb . Repost if this made you smile :) 
? ? I don't need to fight\ 
To prove I'm right\ 
I don't need to be forgiven . ? ? 
Feels like -11 . 
< PROPFIRST>'s band , whathefolk , is playing a Happy Hour show at the Town Pub ( Next door to Yings Wings ) @Sheridan -Eggert Plaza from 6 PM-8 PM on Friday Feb . 4 . Please come , with friends ! 
My favorite place to work yet - a classroom of 5-year-olds with various disabilities . I love the efficiency of getting your workout in at work ! 
\Looking for a < PROPFEMALE > of mindfulness ? Take a breath and come back to the present when your stomach makes one of its many noises . \"" 
Don't believe everything you think . 
needs a < PROPFEMALE > dish with a top . The cat has discovered that Hershey's Kisses make excellent hockey pucks . 
Woman are angels and when someone breaks our wing we simply continue to fly ... on a broom ... We are flexible like that ... Keep posting this girls ... 
Buffalo Public Schools closed Wednesday . 
Tapestry Charter School closed Wednesday . Along with the rest of the county ... 
Clothes make the man . Naked people have little or no influence on society . - < PROPFIRST > Twain 
I've made up your mind . 
\Are you a master of your < PROPFEMALE > or a slave to your fear ? \"" 
“Soon silence will have passed into legend . Man has turned his back on silence . Day after day he invents machines and devices that increase noise and distract humanity from the essence of life , contemplation , meditation . ” – < PROPFIRST > Arp 
“No one saves us but ourselves . No one can and no one may . We ourselves must walk the path . \ ~ Buddha . " 
Hey ! Village Idiots picketing fallen Soldiers funerals ...... Yeah , I'm talking to you ! Do you know WHY you are allowed to do that ? BECAUSE THE DEAD SOLDIER YOU ARE TRASHING , GAVE HIS LIFE SO YOU WOULD HAVE THE FREEDOM TO EXPRESS YOUR STUPIDITY !!!!!!! 
Happy 4th day of Spring . 
