Eh , bored ! Where to go at almost 1 in the mornin' ? 

Ihop fucking sucks ! They locked me in a freezer ! 
Have to g to work soon ! Nooo ! This sucks .... wait ... I get free food ! Awesome ! 
So I was just outside .... and I'm pretty sure I heard a tiger growling ?!?! WTF ? 
Getting pulled over is fun ain't it ? This was about my 8th or 9th time now ? Oh and still no ticket ! 
Being sick sucks ! 
I wish I could plug in my amp right now and just go nuts , but ... don't think the sis would like that ... 
My face is on fire ! Welder burn sucks even worse than sun burn ! I realy hate myself right now 
Screw Ihop ... they suck ... 
Just saw that ne Avatar movie ... Eh , it's just like any other movie . No biggie 
Once again my new years is boring , uneventful , and lonely :/ 
My new years resolution ? .... To not be so lazy 
So I heard it might snow ... wtf ? 
Breaking into cars is fun ain't it ? 
Is seriously ready to move the fuck out 
So guess who just got home at 2 AM after breaking down around 9 pm ! 
So guess what happened again tonight ? Yup , piece of shit broke down again and now it won't start .... 
Who just got their ass stuck ? I did ! Who dug their own ass out ? I did ! I need new tires ! 
So there's this waitress at work I was gonna ask out tonight . Guess what I find out instead ? She's moving in a month ! AHHH ! WHY ? I was really starting to like her too ! This sucks ! 
Whoo ! Nearly wrecked twice in two days ! I think that's a new record for me . 
So I asked out the waitress at work ... What the hell am I doing ?!?! 
Cleaned out sammi today ! 
MLA FORMAT IS THE DEVIL ! This is seriously the most ridiculous shit I've ever come across ... 
so guess what happened once again ? Come on not thtat hard of a guess ! 
Alright , I think my car if fixed ... Keep an eye out for me though . You may see me stranded somewhere 
So it's 1 in the morning and guess you just got home froom free pancake day ? Yeah .... fuck you if you went .... 
I know it's weird for me to think this , but waitresses at woork need to stop tipping me 
Loves the sound of the street racers at night 
Thinking about becoming a census worker ... $15 an hour ! 
Driving around with no doors on in March - Bad idea ! 
Holy shit ! Just saw Fight Club for the first time ! All I can say is WHAT THE FUCK MAN ? 
Does anyone else get freaked out when they find strange lumps on their body because I just found one on my back 
playing til my fingers give out 
Building custom bikes is fun ! 
Someone just bought the tires I was gonna buy ..... I'm pissed . 
Craigslist is such a bitch 
so sick of waiting ! 
So why did I stay up until 4 in the morning on the phone with < PROPFIRST > Evans ? 
New tires ! This is freaking awesome ! Look for my car tomorrow . It won't be hard to miss ! 
Went running on the beach with the dog and then went to Zaxbys . It was fun ! 
Home frome work and there's a new waitress at ihop . Her name is < PROPFEMALE > is she goes to SAHS 
So the new waitress at ihop now has my number .... 
Ah what a nice day driving home from work in the rain ! 
Played in the mud with < PROPFIRST > Lowe's girlfriend and her friend Becka . It was fun 
Hanging with T Lowe tomorrow on the beach I think 
< PROPMALE > with Tlowe and his girl , mudding , and cruising on the beach all day 
Got the knarliest sun burn , pulled out < PROPFIRST>' truck , and only got Sammi stuck once ! That little bastard is making me so damn proud ! 
Don't know why ... just jumping on the band wagon I guess : http://www.formspring.me/jeepeater 
Oh I'm looking for a back seat to put in the jeep eater and seat belts . If anybody has anything that might work gimme a shout 
Got pulled over on the beach today for going in the wrong direction on the beach ... This is what the 12th time I've been pulled over and still no ticket ! 
So guess where I was today ? Yup ! Beach . I'm either gonna be a red lobster or a bronze god by time spring break is over 
HOLY SHIT ! Just found a 67 < PROPMALE > on craigslist ! Someone must lend me a $1000 right now ! 
Home from work , not ready for bed , and I can't get that smell off my hands .... still thinking about that < PROPMALE > too 
Wow ... spring break just keeps getting crazier and crazier ! 
So i've been on the beach all week and not once did any sun burn I get really bother me until tonight ... wtf ? 
So I get burn as hell , nearly got shot at last night , my eyes started burning , and now I've been trying all day to keep something in my stomach ... 
So supposively if I don't show up to work tomorrow I'm gonna be fired , but I've puking all day ! That make sense to anyone ? Does anyone here want someone puking on their dishes in a restaurant ? Yeah , that's what I thought ! 
Off to work ! I hope I puke all over the fucking place 
my belly is making some freaky noises ... 
Why can't I ever sleep once I get home from work ? 
So ... I think I wanna sell the Samurai ... 
I want a bike so bad ... 
Why is it that whenever I have to work or go to school there's something to do , but whenever I'm free to do something there is nothing going on ? 
So someone got a motorcycle today ... 
Whoo ! The starter on the bike works ! 
So the first part I need for my bike costs $500 ! Yeah a $500 part on a $150 bike ! 
I hate scavaging for parts ! 
Surprise surprise surprise ! Samurai broke down once again ! 
Samurai fixed ... need more money to put into the bike ... 
For once I'm glad I have to work tomorrow . I need the money and maybe that cute waitress will be there 
She is soooo cute , but she's gonna get me into soooo much trouble ! 
YES ! YES ! YES ! I just figured out how to get around the $700 worth of parts I need for my bike ! 
Wiring diagrams are so complicated ... 
So I got this text from that cute girl last night \If I didn't have a bf and you some how liked me and asked me out I would more than likely say yes ! \ " So how is it that I need your help < PROPFIRST >?" 
Damn , this girl just cant leave me alone ! Not that its a bad thing though ! 
\Never trade the thrills of living for the security of existence . \"" 
Just forget it < PROPMALE > , just forget about it ! 
Can't sleep ... thinking about her wayyy too much 
So I made $65 bucks at the junk yard and found a part I need for my bike ... so far it's been a good day ! 
Started chopping my bikes frame today . Got one side done and will be doing the other tomorrow . This thing looks sick ! 
Home from work 
I hope I didn't burn my eyes again welding on the bike ... bitch is I don't notice the burn til 3 in the morning usually ... 
So should I buy a tank for the bike tomorrow or save the money for parts I need to make it run ? 
Mmmm nothing like leftover pizza for dinner 
Soooo don't wanna go to school ... 
So I burnt my eyes again welding on the bike .... it's gonna be a long night 
So this weekend will be my first weekend off since january .... I so don't know what to do with this free time I'll have .... 
Fuck my life ... 
So I keep being told that there are constant girls checking me out every where I go ... I never see these girls though so I do not believe this ... 
Whoo ! No work this weekend ! I have no idea what to do with this free time still ! 
Ah ... shower time ... I need to wash my nappy ass 
Well ... that was weird ... 
Bored as hell ..... 
So my armpits hurt ? This is really weird ... 
Ahhh my foot is asleep ! 
Whoo ! Free movie at the ampitheatre ! They're playing < PROPMALE > ! 
so I'm already thinking about buying another bike ... 
Work ..... yeah .... 
wondering ... 
Hmmm . I hate just thinking about stuff . Wayyyy too many possibilities and it doesn't help that I'm dense , dumb , and oblivious . 
Bike is going wayyyy too slow ... I wanna ride now T.T 
so the census is dude is < PROPFEMALE > around outside my house ... this is creepy 
I'm diggin this walmart moneycard 
Got a lot done on the bike . Nothing really big or photo , but mainly just a bunch of small stuff 
So I think there's something in my eye ... with my luck it's gonna be a piece of metal ... 
So who got a raise today ? Yup ! About fucking time ! 
AHHHH legs asleep ! Oh god !!!! 
So I just realized it's 2 in the morning ... 
Whoo ! Got invited to go on bike trip down to the keys this summer and I'm nowhere near done with my bike , no motorcycles endorsement , or any real experience on a bike ! This is gonna be one hell of a ride ! 
I hate waiting for payday ! 
So I totally fucked up < PROPMALE > Lovedays jeep today . Huge hole in his door . Not a scratch on mine 
Jesus Christ I'm creeped the fuck out . Everyone stay the fuck away from ihop ! 
Dreading school monday ... 
So I just got out of the hospital ! 
Got the tank mounted ! 
I'm hungry and there's nothing to eat here ... 
I just tore my thumb open working on the bike and I'm bleeding all over the place now ... 
It's freaking raining like a cow pissing on a flat rock and there's no top on Sammi and my back has been in Sammi all night ! Yay ! 
$166 traffic citation ! WHAT THE FUCK ?!?! 
Bored ... bored ... bored ... and yup ! Bored ! 
So I think my mom is going to pay for the ticket ? Friggin ' sweet ! 
Just rented some movie called \choppertown\ " on youtube . This better be worth my $2.99 " 
So my car broke down once again .... 
Got the engine out of the frame . I have no idea though how I'm gonna get it back in once I'm done painting everything . Definitely gonna need some extra muscle ! 
So who else just had their phone raped by the senior run shit ? 
So I just learned that the senior run is not a school sanctioned event ... This makes it actually cool to do now ! 
So who decides when the senior run is ? 
Bored .... I need something to do ! 
Nearly got my finger cut off . That made my day interesting ! 
No wheels fucking suck 
B ... O ... R ... E ... D ... 
Uhg ... Paint fumes are getting to me ... 
Just found my 8th grade yearbook ... Makes me want to get a yearbook now ... 
Payday tomorrow whoo ! Can't wait to see how much of a raise I got ! 
Thank god this was the lastweek of going to school 5 days a week 9-3 and then working all weekend 9-3 . Been doing that shit since feburary 
Hmmm save my paycheck or spend it on the bike ? Toughy . 
Fart machine , jorts , squirt guns , scooter , bicycles , silly string , and skate boards make for the best last day of school ever ! 
The only way this night would be better is if I was next to you 
No one even heard about it ! Damn it ! 
Bored . Need something to do ... 
Debt day is June 1st , right ? 
Once again I've managed to nearly cut my finger off 
It's hard to believe how far I've come on the bike . I think I can say I'm about half way done 
Holy shit ... other than debt day this will be my last time setting foot in SAHS ... 
2nd period exam started at 9:15 and I finished at 9:37 ... 
I hope I get to see you over summer ... 
So .... what to do tomorrow ? 
I've waited over ten years and I can't stand the waiting anymore ... I'm so ready to ride 
I have no idea what to do tomorrow 
So I just found a $50 check from my grandma for graduation . For some reason I don't feel like I should take the money 
I'm so tired of being told I can't , I'm not able , and I shouldn't when every fiber of my brain is telling me I can , I am able , and I should ! 
So myspace won't let me be friends with this girl I work with because of \Age Restrictions\ " What the hell ? Is myspace calling me a pedofile ? " 
You're so close , yet you're so far away ... 
Wrecked my mom cars tonight ... anyone willing to help me get to and from work for a while ? I'll probably need a ride to debt day and grad rehersals 
God my moms car is so fucked ... There's this huge piece of metal that all the suspension , the engine , and tranny all bolts to it and just about every weld holding it together broke . It's surprising it didn't get ripped out from underneath it ... I think once again I have to give up on the whole motorcycle dream ... 
I need to get out of this place 
So once again it has been proven to me that nice guys truly do finish last 
Couldn't I have just drove off a bridge or something instead ? 
Has anyone been thru the k-mart parking lot lately ? 
Could of , should of , would of ... 
Why couldn't it of been my car ? 
Say what ya want , but I wish I just had someone to cuddle with 
So ... who wants to give me a ride to debt day ? 
I never knew this before , but air bags smell really bad ... 
what's up with all these people I barely even know wanting to be my friends ? 
So when are we suppose to be at school for debt day tomorrow ? Can we just show up whenever ? 
Geez , I'm just letting everyone down ... 
I can't get the sight of that curb , the feeling of hitting that curb , and the smell of that damn airbag out of my head 
Why the hell not ? \ 
\ 
If you \like\ " this staus i will post \ 
My dog is such a fatty ... she's begging for pizza again ! 
Fuck ihop 
Well that didn't last for long .... thinking about that again ... great ... 
This entertained me for a bit so I'm posting it again\ 
Waiting on < PROPMALE > to get here .... I hope he didn't forget me 
Keep finding that everything really comes down to one night that happened before I was even born ... 
It's cold in here ... wish there was somone to keep me warm 
\Dedicated to ! HOW I'M FUCKING YOU ! \ " - Master of Puppets " 
So ... Getting to work today is gonna be fun ! 
I wonder if anyone is downtown ... Text or call 5402599 
Had a fun day . Rode around downtown , got some stuff for the bike , made some money ... good day 
Alright , things are getting better . How can I tell ? The bike is consuming my thoughts again and I'm getting excited about it ! 
Just found a letter from some lawyer about the citation I got over < PROPMALE>'s jeep . All it said was I should go to court over all this . My boss said I should too if I know it wasn't my fault ... Maybe I should ? 
Chillin at jeffs . This place is awesome ! 
You make me smile , please stay for a while 
I think i just got locked in the freezer at ihop ... 
Gonna go < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPMALE > before graduation ... To think that 14 years ago when I first went to Pre-k and met < PROPMALE > I was thinking \I'm never getting out of this place ... \"" 
So some chick that < PROPMALE > likes just flashed me ... Not sure what i should do 
Time to party ... 
I have no idea whats going on ... I kissed her infront of < PROPMALE > . I feel like such a < PROPMALE > but i still want to again ... This is why i consider myself an asshole 
Well im not getting any ... but i did the right thing 
So I almost thought I wasn't getting my diploma ... Scared the shit out of me 
Fuck . This is gonna take all day ... 
I already know everything in this traffic school ... I'm learning nothing ! This is so pointless ! 
FUCK TRAFFIC SCHOOL ! 
YES ! Finally done with that damn traffic shit ! 
Just got the last slice of pepporoni pizza Fuckin awesome 
I sooo don't know what to do ... 
And once again im in the ice machine ... 
Well ... there goes my < PROPMALE > , but atleast I did the right thing . Maybe I ain't a total dog after all 
Hmmm . Let love find me ? Will definitely be contemplating this 
Should I spend the money ? 
And there went $158.99 ... 
Takin a break from the bike and damn I'm filthy ! 
Attempting to lay down some masking tape on the tank for the two tone paint job ... this is a gonna be a little bit harder than I originally thought 
Yeah , I was thinking with my < PROPMALE > at first , but I see what's going on now , bitch . 
I'll never get tired of watching this movie 
is covered in dirt , grease , and paint 
Shower time ... 
All clean and shaven . Hope I didn't miss any spots 
Oh , I knew it you little fucking bitch ! 
Can't sleep ... too worried about my brother 
< PROPFEMALE > is running and barking in her sleep ... I wonder what she's dreaming about 
Heads up theyre workin on holmes between < PROPMALE > street and 207 . This shit is gay 
Off to work ... I'm feeling pancakes , eggs , and bacon for dinner tonight 
People at ihop are freaks ... 
It is so slow at work ... Someone should definitely come get some pancakes or something 
Good morning 
I hope i dont fuck this up ... 
And its another slow night at ihop ... 
Yeah , its dead at ihop could really use some customers 
I think it's time this bird flew the coop 
It's a great feeling to be waking up at 12:00 ! 
Hmmm . Sitting at home with nothing to do and my ride is rolling again ... what to do ? 
so my consisted of fixing my jeep , painting the bike , and getting slapped downtown .... good day I say ! 
Why follow those who only put us down ? 
You know those days that it feels like the world hates you ? 
Gah ! I hate the anonymousness of formspring !! 
Time to go take a shower and wash off all this damn paint ... And I still wanna know who the hell it was that said I was cute ! 
You know what ? Today wasn't all that bad ! Turned out pretty awesome at the end thanks to those of you who make me smile :) 
I still wanna know who it was that said i was cute ... Night everyone ! 
What in the world ? just got a text that says ' < PROPMALE > !!! You are so flipping attractive !! \ another that says \ " A girl who wants you ;)) which was a reply to me asking \ " Who is this ? \ " after getting a tect that says \ " Hey cutie ;) \ " I'm sorry but this is very very very out of the norm for me ! " 
So now I have atleast two secret admirers ? Wtf ? 
So I've got someone texting me \Hey cutie ;) \ " and the number is from Indiana ? Wtf ? This is kinda creepy .... " 
Who in the world is from Cicero Indiana ? 
I swear you would think I was black with how much I love chicken ! 
Okay .... I'm scared now .... \Jake I want to do things to you animals wouldn't even do . Fuck you so hard . Damnnnnn . \"" 
Holy shit ... I just witnessed < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > her tail for the very first time in her life ... she has never done that before .... 
Why am I always inspired to play my guitar at night ? 
Well ... This sucks 
Jax is a screwy ass place ... I hope we can find our way home 
Mission accomplished . We're heading home ! 
We are definitely in the wrong part of town ... 
Finally back in st. Auggy . 
WHAT THE FUCK ?!?! WHO THE HELL IS THIS PERSON ?!! 
Got my truck for today ... Heading out ! 
I want some chicken ... 
Why must it be sooo hot at ihop ? 
Well .... My grandpa just died 
Getting attacked by a hose is just another day of work at ihop 
That was a weird dream .... Never get involved with drug deals kids ! 
TMNT is awesome 
Splinter is a beast ! 
I think ihop wants me to die ... 
If i ever come within arms reach of < PROPFIRST > swift i will slap her across the face ... 
Home from work . Watching < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland for the first time ... Why ? I don't know ! 
Why must every where be crowded on fridays ? 
So im out in sammi and its about to rain ... Shit 
Jai ga ru de bah 
Jesus Christ ! When they named these things hot pockets they were not kidding ! 
How in the world am i going to get this motor back in the frame ? 
Who hit the crazy switch on my life ? Whoever you are you deserve a high five anda punch in the face 
Showertime 
Everything is alright ... 
Home from work .... And I'm keeping my truck for another week ! 
Never felt this good . Never felt this right . Never knew that I could ever feel so tight 
Funeral today ... this is gonna suck 
Im about to start throwing shit at this guy in the car next to me if he doesnt turn off the fag dance music 
So I got my voter card thing and guess where it said I go to vote ? 
Got a haircut today , didn't tell off that bitch , and I'm ready for a long day of work on the bike tomorrow . 
This is so lame i cant get this thing stuck 
YES ! YES ! YES ! PARTS CAME TODAY ! 
Holy shit ... it is way too hot !!! 
I love how I can keep track of all the < PROPFEMALE > nuts and bolts , but I manage to lose the big stuff like the axle to my bike and a break rotor for Sammi . 
Just stepped on a rattle snake ... How the hell did I not get bit ? 
I would really like to break check this asshole 
Gremlin : any cause of trouble , difficulties , etc . Ha that does sound like me ! 
Ghosts scare the shit out of me .... 
Its hot ! Its hot ! Its hot ! People should text me 
Gah ! She is so cute ! 
So i just blew a tire out on 16 and my mom isnt answering her phone ... 
So is it just me or does this damn thing seemed cursed ? Maybe im cursed 
So I finally got home from work , nearly got kiled by a tire , almost kissed a cute girl , and now I'm rocking out to string quartet covers of Sum 41 
Ihop has the wierdest music i swear 
Sweet ! I got me some chicken ! 
BEWARE THE PANCAKES ! There may be exlax in the pancakes ! 
This thing is going in even if it breaks ! 
Whoo ! I work monday nights too now ! This is gonna suck , but I like the banking part ! 
Bubble wrap is so much fun ! 
I'm hungry , but there's nothing to eat here .... :/ 
Can't wait for this to be done with 
hungry , tired , thirsty , bored , and I don't wanna go to sleep .... 
should really get to work ... but I don't feel like it 
I shaved my head and I'm not sad 
Less is more , love is blind , i dont know why 
Sparks and smoke just came out of the dish machine at work .... Im a little scared ... 
So ... I broke the dish machine ... Im going to be in so much trouble 
It's official . Ihop really wants me to die 
We can plant a house , we can build a tree 
Having some wierd ass dreams again ... 
I love the fact that I have a team ! 
Still can't find my damn phone :/ Oh well ... time to go to work 
Whoo ! Home fromwork ! What to do now ? 
Never look back and don't fear the fact that you might not make it back alive 
So woke up about 9 this morning .... wayyyyy too early 
Alright , I gotta get out of this damn house and find some food 
Wtf is it ? Asshole day ? Only i am allowed to be an asshole ! 
Na na na na na naaa na na na naaaa ! Na na na na na naaa na na na naaaa ! 
Headed for work . Hopefully no manager . Might be able to get some good music playing tonight 
Why in the world do I still listen to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ? 
No manager tonight . This is friggin awesome ! Im just sitting on my ass with my feet propped up listening to my psp and im getting payed to do it ! 
I think this is a pretty clever status update 
Just played hot potato with an egg ... God ihop is awesome with no manager 
I'm home after nearly wrecking in the rain . The only thing that usually scares me about driving is the rain . Odd , I think , seeing as I live in Florida ! 
Is anyone else sick of just seeing so and so likes this and so and so like that ? 
Having wierd dreams again ... Even wierder this time 
I hate shaving so I'm not going to today even though I kinda need to 
I always wanna < PROPFEMALE > out with you . Its my favorite thing to do . Im just not sure if its the right thing to do 
Mmmm laqito taco < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Geez , what's up with all these wierd dreams lately ? I never even have dreams ! 
So is anyone going to warped tour this year ? 
Nirvana , Foo Fighters , Decendants , blink , GD , Sugarcult , Sum 41 and so many more will be singing me lullabies tonight . Im so glad i found my psp 
I dont know why but whenever i wear this shirt i feel like i should be killing someone .... Is that wierd ? 
So what's everyone doing for tomorrow ? 
Okay , that dream was way too real . 
Waking up late forwork ? Fucking great . 
I think i found my spot for the fireworks 
Ah shit i forgot where i parked 
I really wish i had my bike . I would be out of here in no time 
So nearly falling off the bridge of lions was fun , but I got some vids of the fireworks ! 
Why cant i sleep ? I have to be to work at 8 in the morning . I hope i make it 
This is a huge stack of cash 
Off to the gas station , walmart , and then .... who knows where ? 
So I've been having weird dreams about robbing stores , robbing banks , paper towels , getting drunk at work , and the last one was about some crazy biker chick ? Brain ... what the fuck are you trying to tell me ? 
Well got a bit done on the bike tonight . Tomorrow I'm gonna go shopping for more parts 
Uhhhg . I doubt anyone on here is an expert when it comes to titles and registration , right ? 
So i can either go sign up for classes at the community college or go to the dmv to figure out how to get a title for my motorcycle ... Guess which one im doing 
So the dmv went horrible . Now im at sjrcc and its taking forever ! Why am i even here ? I dont wanna go to this place . Im just being forced . 
College is fucking retarded . DMV is fucking retarded . Why the hell do they have to make things so god damn difficult ? 
So getting this bike registered in the proper and legit manner is out of the question . Time to get dirty and pull some shady shit 
I hate the DMV with the passion of a thousand suns ! DMV can die and burn in hell ! 
I don't know which I love more , Chicken or Shrimp ? 
Grrrrr ..... starting to loose hope on this . 
BOOYAH ! NEVER MIND THAT LAST UPDATE ! HOPE IS NOT LOST ! 
I love wearin my real D 3D glasses as sunglasses 
F.m.l. Hope has been lost again 
Well ive seen a few cute girls so far ... This might not be so bad 
So i got done at the college , walked out the door , and just out of habit pulled out my keys to get the key for Sammi only to realize that my mom took it 
Message me something you always wanted to tell me . Ill keep it between us . Post this as your status and see what you get . 
Gonna be another crazy night at ihop ! 
Good god this new waitress is annoying 
Is it bad that the majority of my diet consist of free food from ihop ? 
Ladies ! Why is yalls bathroom always so damn dirty and disgusting ? Yall been doin this for how long ? We are potty trained , right ? 
Finally home and just discovered the night manager at ihop use to be a < PROPMALE > drug addict ! Great ! 
could use some wheels ... 
Omg ! I just realized i dont work tomorow ! Fucking sweet ! 
Hmm . Woke up at 2:30 in the afternoon today .... New record for this summer 
i should really get off my ass and do somethin .... don't think that's gonna happen today 
Just about got the bike all wired and got the starter workin . Maybe i can get spark once i get off work 
Good god this girl is too damn cute ! 
WHOOOOO !!!!! Ladies and gentelmen we have spark ! I repeat we have spark ! This is a triumphant day ! Fuck yeah ! 
Nap time 
Its rainin like a cow pissin on a flat rock 
This one better be good too 
Just so yall know ... brake fluid does not taste good ... 
I should really get to work ... Damn you summer for ruining my work ethic ! 
I <3 USPS 
I hope I get a < PROPMALE > to go to the keys before summer is over ... 
Getting my truck back today even though I don't want it back ! 
Hmmm . It would be awesome if I could get paid overtime .... Hmmm . 
I just realized that life is about the only thing where it's good to finish last ! 
No < PROPFEMALE > ! My cookie ! 
Hey ! SJRCC kids . How the hell do you register for classes online ? 
Today is the first day of registration ... HOW THE FUCK ARE CLASSES ALREADY FULL ? 
I hate college ! It's already got me about down to cryng ... 
This is so fucking scary .... 
POKE me if you ever had a crush on me , LIKE this status if you think I'm a good friend , MESSAGE me if you ever wanted to date me , and COMMENT me if we have had any good memories . Now lets see whose brave enough to copy and paste this as their status . 
Geez , I'm not even done with this bike and I'm already wanting to build another ... definitely hooked on bikes now ! 
Okay ... psychology or into to business ... tough choice :/ 
Feeling a lot better about this college stuff ! 
Got the axle for my bike today :) I'm a happy kid 
Its not about the money , it never was . Its about dream Ive had since I was about 8 years old 
I hate it when i dont even have money to spare for food 
< PROPFEMALE > I was out driving and some ungodly noise came from my jeep .... great .... 
Bored ... bored ... bored ... 
So today I yelled across the restaraunt \Ernest is gettin some ! \ " I wonder if anyone took that the wrong way ... " 
So im employee of the month ... How the hell did that happen ? 
Covered in oil and grease . Mmmm so sexy 
I hate these wild goose chases 
So I just woke up from a very good nap , I'm employee of the month , my moms car is almost fixed , signed up and got the days off I need to go take that riders course , and I got a $430 paycheck today ! Good day ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is barking and growling in her sleep 
Had a good little Jam session in the garage 
Off to the bank to cash my $430 paycheck ! 
So this jackass at the wendys drive thru just threw a cup of coke at me 
Damn there is still coke in my ear 
Hmm eggs ? Good start , but i need more 
I wanna go home 
Why do I miss something I never had ? 
God damn my head hurts 
Good morning world .... I still feel like shit 
It sucks to work when youre sick 
Oh god this sucks so bad and I work tomorrow night too ... I must be insane 
Finally home ! Yay ! But ... they didn't let have tomorrow night off ... damn itt 
I wish I knew more drummers 
Okay maybe i shouldnt try cooking at home .... 
Yes ! Parts are here ! Freaking sweet ! 
L ...... A ....... G ...... 
Don't you love it when you see just the cutest girl , but you have no idea of how to start a conversation with her ? 
Does a third night of work when im still sick sound smart to anyone else ? I work tomorrow and sunday too by the way 
Good god this bitch is annoying 
BOO FUCKING YAH MOTHER FUCKER ! IT RAN ! IT RAN ! IT RAN ! MAYBE ONLY @ OR # SECONDS BUT IT RAN ! 
Im gonna go get something to eat even though i dont know where i want to eat . Ideas ? 
Omg ! I just saw the mystery machine on holmes ! 
I wanna go , but I don't know where 
Hmmmm bored .... 
Uhhhg I hate shaving >.< 
You know what ? I think i actually hate summer 
Thought I was gonna have some PB&J . So excited until I found mold on the bread .... FML ! 
Good morning ! 
Its days like this that make me wonder how i havent been fired 
So what's up with random girls I don't even know adding me as friends on here ? 
I beg to differ on the contrary I agree with every word that you say 
Damnit < PROPFEMALE > ... Learn how to share the bed 
< PROPFEMALE > ... Why must you lick everything including my feet ? 
I need food .... 
really don't wanna go to work ... 
Another night at ihop ... Oh well . Free food is cool 
How the hell do you scrub the inside of a bottle ? 
I hate it when < PROPFEMALE > starts barking in the middle of the night 
< PROPFEMALE > ... Why must you insist on always having me within paws reach ? 
So I was right . I'm gonna be all by myself in college .... great 
I hate < PROPMALE > bitches in fancy cars 
Mmmm supersonic cheese burger 
Someone tell me a bedtime story 
I decompose yet my gut's gettin fat , oh my god im turning out like my dad ! 
I love the fact that my dog understands the words \Bath\ " and \ " Ride \"" 
So ... tired ... 
So ihop almost went up in flames today ... Almost wish it did 
I look like such a badass ... Now if I could only back it up with some attitude 
its hard to type and play guitar at the same time 
Okay < PROPMALE > ... just put the guitar down and walk away ... just walk away ... Oh god I wanna keep playing ! 
Me and the dog are going to the beach .... I hope this ends well 
Home and the dog is exhausted 
Getting sleepy ... must stay awake ... 
Why do I always go in circles ? 
Gettin that itch again .... 
< PROPFIRST > Stephens likes my statuses a lot ... I wonder if she'll like this one too ? 
Did my good deed for today 
< PROPFEMALE > just because I have food that doesn't automatically mean you get it too 
Waking up at 7 in the morning ? Yeah , fuck this 
But I don't wanna go to work ! No \Buts\ " < PROPMALE > ! Now go ! " 
How did it get so long ? 
I am so wet ... 
You have no idea how hot this is 
So has anyone had a face to face conversation with this \Maria Iris ? \"" 
This makes me feel kinda old 
Ah shit ... there are 3 Jacobs in my psychology class .... god damn it 
Going to the H-D dealership soon 
Burger < PROPMALE > has some strange yet cool tunes in the bathroom 
So day one of that motorcycle course is done and over with 
< PROPFEMALE > you must learn that it is not cool to lick me 
Wondering wtf just happened 
Grrrr . Well this is great .... 
Going for a ride ... 
Im about to punch an old lady 
Let me get this straight . Someone cant play guitar or sing on St. < PROPFIRST > street but this guy can yell as loud as he wants about religion ? 
So some of the religious nuts just came up and talked to me about jesus ... 
Just saw a guy with the same bike i have ... Loud as fuck 
It's something unpredictable , but in the end it's right , I hope you had the time of your life ... 
Cant sleep and i gotta be up at 6 am ... Fml 
Day two is done and i got a 98 on the written exam 
Cant wait for tomorrow 
Bitch , the silence is my polite way of saying \I DONT CARE ! \ " Now get the hint and stfu " 
How many ihop employees does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? 
So ready to go riding again . Grandma better get her scooter scootin a bit faster tomorrow . 
Hmmm which is better ... < PROPMALE > or < PROPMALE > ? 
Ive only been at work for an hour and im already out of things to do 
Good god ... So bored ... 
So by this time tomorrow I'll hopefully be able to legally ride a motorcycle ... sweet ! 
Just realized my face and neck is burnt from riddin that little 250 motorcycle all day . Say what you want , but that little bastard was fucking fun ! 
I'm off to see the wizard .... 
This is starting to sound like a really bad idea ... 
So I'm not getting my motorcycle endorsement today .... 
So im annoying ? Whats really annoying is people that i have no idea who they are texting me 
Alright now , talk to me ! 
This is the greatest day ever ... 
Oh fucking great ! Its not even a real fucking number ! 
God damn it that other bike got sold .... 
Curiousity killed the cat , right ? 
Its raining like a cow pissin on a flat rock 
All work and no play makes < PROPMALE > a dull boy 
Please ! Someone come to ihop ! Theres no one here ! Im so bored ! 
You piece of shit ... You did just break down on me in the rain 
Duck tape is holding my p.o.s. together .... I need a new ride 
Limping home again 
Can't see < PROPFIRST > out here in B.F.E. 
Of course the trees are in my way .... 
Some things you just shouldn't know .... 
Fuck ... the ... rain ... 
I'm such a little ninja .... 
This is gonna be trouble 
Yup . I was right . Already found a drug dealer 
Keep it ... sell it ... keep it ... sell it ... Hmmm . More for my mind to ponder 
< PROPFEMALE > ... I just hope you know I love you and I'm gonna miss you 
I'm not sure what to think .... < PROPMALE > , Since when have you known what to think ? 
Why is it the things you'll never know you wonder about the most ? 
Hmmm I wonder how I'm gonna get to work tomorrow ... 
This guy better shut off the annoying spanish music or im gonna bigfoot him with my bosses < PROPFIRST > 
Should I go to itchnetucknee tomorrow ? Did I even spell that right ? So many questions ... 
So Ive made nearly 6000 this year . Where the hell did that all go ? 
There goes a $315 paycheck . Didnt get a < PROPFEMALE > of it 
Nope . Definitely not going tomorrow . 
Would really like to talk to ya right now 
Gah ! Mold beat me to the bread again ! No pb&j for me 
< PROPMALE > , before you leave the house you should really have some sort of idea as to where you're going 
I have no interest in skating , but for some reason I really dig the movie \The Lords of Dogtown \"" 
waiting , waiting , waiting 
I hate paying for haircuts 
Hmmm just get a trim , shave it all off , or .... mohawk ? 
I really shouldn't be allowed on craigslist 
Sick of waiting .... 
Hey you ! Right there ! You ! No , not you ! You ! Yeah you !.... Fuck you ! 
Gah ! The waiting is gonna friggin kill me ! 
4 more days til college starts . This sucks . They better hurry up and give me my money 
< PROPFEMALE > wars music in ihop ? Wtf ? 
Finally off work ... back to drooling over bikes I can't afford ! 
Keep dreaming < PROPMALE > 
Try talkin to her , don't talk to her , try talkin to her ..... < PROPMALE > you need to be more decisive 
Yay ! Parts for Sammi ! 
Jehovahs need to stop coming to my house and trying to shove their crap down my throat 
I don't wanna go to work . I'm gonna miss < PROPFIRST > damnit 
Why am i doing this shit when i dont even get paid to do it ? 
I need some tattoo ideas 
So I've got a motorcycle , I'm thinking about getting a mohawk , and maybe some tattoos .... I think I might be trying to give my nearly 50 year old mother a heart attack 
Im becoming such an ass 
I was gonna go to bed at a decent hour .... what was I thinking ? 
< PROPMALE > , you need to go to bed ... I don't wanna ! Go to bed ! No ! Now mister ! ... You never let me have any fun 
so I was at < PROPFIRST>'s and I felt the need to get up and start bussing their tables because their bus boys were so slow . I saw where they rol their silverware and felt compelled to roll . I'm always checking to make sure plates are clean no matter where I'm at . I keep haveing dreams about ihop and it just feels plain wierd if I don't go to ihop once a day .... I think this maybe a sign I work wayyyy too much 
So i just flipped sammi 
Haha death ! Haven't got me yet you little bitch ! 
Death ... you've been after me since the day I was born , but you ain't getting my ass , fuck you 
So that < PROPFIRST > ass didnt just fuck up sammi , i got pretty beat up too . Just now started to really feel it 
Insurance is fucking stupid . What's the point if you can't afford the shit ? 
< PROPMALE > ... next time ... just hit the dumb son of a bitch 
shower time and damn my body hurts ! 
this is such bullshit 
I am fucking lost 
Just did my first college class 
So ... Theres this cute girl sitting next to me . Hmm sounds like a good time to start passing notes 
So how was everyone elses first day of college ? 
Home finally 
getting excited . Hope I can get that truck 
NFSU2 ? Fuck yeah ! 
Chillin at wendys with < PROPMALE > and Will 
This gonna be trouble again 
well that was interesting 
Shower , shave , sleep ..... actually fuck shaving 
It just dawned on me that i dont drink milk yet i have never broken a single bone 
Cant believe im saying this but im actually excited for school tomorrow . Now if only i could go to sleep 
I'm up and ready to go 
Second day of college ... Already forgot to do my homework 
In psychology with Nyle 
So might anyone be willing to drive me to jax ? 
So im curious ... Who else has done 55 mph backwards ? 
College makes me feel like I'm in middle school again except it's awesomer 
Gotta write a 300 word paragraph describing something .... 
Roll cage in Sammi ? Might be a good idea 
Maybe I should go to the doctor ? Idk 
How bout a roll cage , an engine swap , lengthen the wheel base , and paint Sammi too ? More for me to ponder . 
Can't sleep back hurts too much 
I dont know if this pepsi is helping me wake up or fall asleep 
Done with school .... now what is there to do ? 
Come on < PROPMALE > you gotta have a half decent idea somewhere in that meatball you call a brain 
Work then hopefully jax tomorrow to see about getting a new truck 
Why does my back hurt the worst when im trying to sleep ? 
Home from jax .... still looking for a truck 
< PROPMALE > you should really be writing that paper 
Just wanna see you smile 
Craigslist you fucking suck 
So on halloween all the ihop employees come to work in their costumes .... I need some ideas 
You know that feeling when you know theres nothing you can do ? Yeah it sux 
Wearing a gorilla suit to work for halloween 
Chillin in mr crockers class ... Coolest class of the day 
I wonder if mr crocker believes in fairies 
God fucking damnit she is taken 
Mmmmm goldfish 
You know what < PROPMALE > ? Fuck it ! Take what you want not what you can get 
Shower time 
why do my eyes hurt so bad ? 
Sammi runs .... smokes alot , but it still runs 
This dog has species identity issues 
mathxl is retarded 
I fucking hate mathxl 
Attempt number 1 of trying to go to bed 
Holy shit ! I actuallz had 2+2 = 4 in math 
Can it be friday already ? 
Haha I got the last brownie motha fuckas ! 
You should see the faces I'm making at the computer ... You'd be laughing your ass off 
Today is a lazy sleepy day 
Just burnt the fuck out of my hand on the bike 
So my dad is a chevy man and my mom is a ford woman ... I just can't decide on what side to take ! 
< PROPMALE > you need to figure out what you want 
Good mornin motha fuckas ! 
Coloring in science :) 
Attempting to study , eat , and be on facebook all at the same time .... 
Mmmm zaxby's 
When someone's annoying you remember . It takes 42 muscles to frown , but it only takes 4 to punch that mofo in the face 
Think I might just cave soon 
Stop thinking about it < PROPMALE > . Stop dreaming 
So what matters more ? The money or the experience ? 
Cute girls are down right dangerous 
This makes me feel as though I may truely need an anger management program 
Im having the time of my life right now 
Might be going to the < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > concert 
Mmmm cookies 
Haha I love the fact that I'm getting 2K for almost no reason whatsoever :) 
So i just got in my bros truck and theres this song on the radio and the lyrics go \i hope you choke\ " pure genious ! " 
I have become my dad ... 
You know what I realized ? I truly am a freaking idiot ! 
So tired , but the trip to jax was so worth it . I think I'm falling in love , but I don't know if I can take this one home to mom 
Oh fuck my head hurts ... 
Is it strange that im not alarmed by the sound of gun shots ? 
Yes ! I finally got one of the comfy chairs at B&N ! 
I think I'm gonna bring her home soon 
Feeling like a goober head :/ 
Transfer the damn money already ... I wish I knew how to make angry face on here 
Don't look down on me cuz I do coke 
YESSS I just found more coke that I didn't know I had ! 
I crank my amp to 11 ! So fucking what ? 
Yay ! More coke ! 
I think once you get to the point where you think about thinking one thinks just a little too much 
Fate rarely calls upon us at a moment of our choosing 
50 piece nugget at McD'S ? Fuck yeah ! 
Yes . I am relieved to know that I'm not a golem 
We are not a species meant to be restrained by structures , schedules , social norms , or neck ties 
You didnt see that ... 
We are the lazy generation 
Whoa ! Just learned that at one point Ford made a hemi too ! My mind is blown ! 
The good will be decieved and evil will succeed 
This day just keeps getting wierder and wierder 
Yeah today is a sucky ass day 
I am < PROPMALE>'s hypothalamus and I am about to make this 150 pound mofo have a fucking roid rage like no other 
Oh and my day just got fucking worse 
\If you arent already coming then come\ " i just sent that to my mom ... " 
Yup . Today was just a strange day 
$ 2,325 . 60 !!!! BANKIN !!!!!!!!!!!! FUCK YES !! 
I hate not having my own ride ... 
Have you ever held a grand in cash ? Do you know what that feels like in your hand ? 
So ive got a new truck 
I'm gonna take so much shit for this , but you know what ? I DONT CARE ! 
I must have lost my god damn mind 
CANCER MONTH : In memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who has lost their battle with cancer , and in honor of those ho CONTINUE TO CONQUER IT !! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer . In memory of C.A.G. 
I am so fucked 
I am a dumbass 
Wow im studying and actually understand all this B.S. 
Chillin at epic 
Alright then . Today I don't feel like an asshole . Sweet 
So much for going to bed :/ 
Some things were just meant to come full circle . Hopefully by that point you learned something and youre a bit smarter 
Time to sit back and relax 
Working on Sammi 
Everyone needs to stop worrying so much . Including me . We're still breathing and we're still alive . Everything is gonna be alright 
is covered in grease and oil . < PROPFIRST > might have a blown head gasket :/ Great ... 
Can't wait for tomorrow ! 
Got a paper to right and not a single idea 
Accidently having a moment of inspiration is easy . Purposely creating a moment of inspiration is a daunting task 
found his moment of inspiration . The paper is almost done 
Just finished writing a paper explaining how to blow off writing a paper until the last minute xD 
So I was told you have to act uninterested to get a girl interested ? That makes absolutely no sense at all 
Chillin out maxin relaxin all cool 
Blue Collar comedy Tour ? 
I've got no problem going back to prison ... 
The difference between men and boys is the size and cost of their toys 
Im loving the ford 
Stress ... stress ... stress 
is ready to go 
There are some freaky people around here 
needs to get the hell out of here 
Ya know what ? I am pretty damn good looking ... There's my arrogant moment of the day 
I hate < PROPMALE > people 
wants out 
Lobotomy ? I don't think so ... 
There's still hope for the bike 
Thinking about getting a second job ? 
I need to find new people to < PROPFEMALE > out with 
I hate it when I shave and I miss a spot 
Whats on my agenda today ? 
Chillin at the dmv 
Strange folk at the dmv 
So far I've seen a hooker , farmer < PROPFIRST > , homeless G.I. < PROPFIRST > , and a clown that escaped from the circus 
So im in a cop car at the moment 
If it were so easy i guess it wouldnt be cool 
Thinkin about blowing off work 
No pain no gain 
Shut the fuck up please before I beat you senseless 
I'll be lucky if I'm not in jail tomorrow for murder charges 
Idk why , but I'm very pissed at the moment 
Going for a drive ... 
So I think I finally saw one of those girls Gabes been talking about 
So why am I still up ? 
I think I might be dehydrated 
Finally gettin to work on < PROPFIRST > 
Why is it so difficult to get comfy when going to bed ? 
Have to rewrite a paper over the word \you\ " Well fuck you " 
Im gonna fail 
What would you do if I sang out of tune ? 
Mr. Crocker is a nut 
Almost drove over a miata 
Fact : Lovebugs love fiberglass 
Am I the kinda guy who would laugh at a funeral ? 
So many projects , so little time , and even less money 
That was hard 
< PROPFIRST > Rock speaks the truth 
Home from school . Watching Gamer . I should probably be doing something more important 
I should really be doing more productive activities 
Chik-fil-a is packed 
Scratch that . Its fucking flooded 
Well that was a dumb idea 
Got an interview at the ampitheatre ! Hell yeah ! 
They locked me in the freezer again 
Well ... I feel like shit now 
Random fact ? I nearly died as a baby and the doctors thought I was going to suffer from brain damage ... Makes ya wonder , huh ? 
The dog wants my burger ... She keeps starring at it 
So the whole bonfire thing is a no go 
Its our mistakes that let us walk like men 
Modesty = Arrogance 
I still remember the first time I saw you , the first words you said to me , and that look on your face . I miss the sound of your voice 
The < PROPFEMALE > is following me 
So I can study , work on < PROPFIRST > , or sleep .... Hmm decisions decisions 
So Will wants me to ask this girl for her number ... He rated her a 7 
has a trojan horse 
wishes he was as good with computers as he is with cars 
It's hard being an idiot 
Loves the goodnight texts 
So where can I go to ride a bull ? 
I have no idea what im doing ... 
So Im terrified of peanut butter 
I wonder , I wonder , I wonder 
Screw fall . Forget this cold shit . 
So I just missed a test and about to fail another but Im surprisingly calm 
So my psychology teacher just said we all want to kill ourselves and its natural .... 
I shaved my head and I'm not sad ..... okay maybe a little 
No matter what , you have to listen to yourself 24/7 so fuck what anyone else says 
is taking care of business 
Just another wasted day 
You know when you have one of those days and you feel a little , you know ? And you could use a little ... you know what I'm talking about ? 
Yay more papers to write ! 
I find myself longing to hear what you have to say 
How did I meet you ?? Copy this and see what people say 
I lke it just about anywhere . Your place . My place . I don't care . Lets just do it already 
Work soon .... lame 
I feel like I missed something 
Possibly most awkward moment of my life 
I never cease to amaze myself 
Interview tomorrow ... no idea what to expect 
May not be exactly who I want to talk to , but still good to have someone to talk 
Wtf ? Is it national confuse < PROPMALE > week or something ? 
A little nervous 
Just stop thinking about it . 
What do you want to do ? 
Shower then to B&N to make an attempt to study 
Almost saw an old couple get hit by a car . Gutsy old farts 
I am so jello 
I hate you 
I'm no superman 
So easy to talk to some , but so hard to talk to others 
Punched a guy at work today 
Gotta break free to break the mold 
My back hurts and I could use a massage 
\Im gonna tie you to the bed and light the house on fire \"" 
Haven't thought about that in a long while 
Doesn't want to write this paper 
About sick of college 
Anyone got a drum set they wanna sell ? 
Fuck that paper 
Need some motivation 
So my paper now has 666 words and I'm struggling to add more to it 
$300 to drop a class ? Wtf ? 
Dropped my science class 
Just realized I havent had a weekend off in over a year 
\Hey love c :\ " ....? " 
Like my status & i'll tell you the first word that comes to mind . 
Gasoline does not taste good 
Hell yeah ! Got the job ! 
Walkin in a winter wonderland ... 
Put this as your status and see what people like about you : I Love Your _______ ( Fine ! I'll be like everyone else ! ) 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas to all and to all a goodnight ! Shut up I'm getting in the mood for the new job ! 
Omg ! My burps still taste like gas ! 
Freaky dream 
So I just saw a woman carrying a goat to her class 
Oh I did not just get put in the friend zone 
If it was so easy it wouldnt be cool 
Hmm buy a drum set or keep saving for another bike ? 
You say that you like me , but you don't like like me 
I wanna be sedated 
Banging on a trash can ! Strummin on a street light ! 
Anyone want a pitbull puppy ? 
I am now 100% St. < PROPFIRST > ampitheatre employee 
Love gettin the truck sideways 
This show is awesome 
She's an extraoridinary girl 
I keep having this dream that I have a baby ... wierd 
Should I wear my chucks or my boots today ? 
So whats everyone doing tonight ? 
I hate deciding on pizza toppings with Will 
Theres a thin line between being smart and being a fucking idiot 
Just lookin for a good time 
Its much more than just black and white 
too much dwellin on the past 
I make a real ass out of myself sometimes 
Fat bottom girls make the rockin world go round 
Comma this , comma that , comma and , comma but , comma my ass jackass 
Supersize supersize its the American way , gettin fat going broke either way youre gonna pay 
Ancient city is damn right 
is such a cute little bastard 
Yes , youre this great amazing infalable person ! Now shut up and let me eat ! 
Tattoo ? Tempting tempting 
If you think I'm cute , like my status . If you love me , put a heart . If I'm a good friend , put a :) If you miss me put a :/ If you've ever had a crush on me , put a XD . If you're not scared , put this as your status 
While I'm young and while I'm able all I wanna do is ... 
< PROPFEMALE > I am not your pillow 
Installing a new flux capacitor in the truck tomorrow 
The clock is laughing in my face 
Rain makes corn ... 
Just so everyone knows I'm not really making a $1000 in one night ! If any girl wants to change that though ... ;) 
Why is it that the people who are bad influences the people I like the most ? 
Inbox\ 
me & tell me something that you've always wanted to tell me . i \ 
promise it will stay between us , post this as your status and see what \ 
people say . 
So my horoscope is telling me to not go to sleep and instead go spend sometime with someone I've been flirting with ? I didn't even know I've been flirting with someone lately 
Rat Fink > < PROPFIRST > Mouse 
Hustling deals 
Chicken ! 
At times like this I wish I had the gift of gab :/ 
Good god my back hurts 
\\/\\/ 3$$l3Y ! <-- thats gonna be my rapper name 
Hittin the gywm at midnight is an awesome idea 
He who makes a beast of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man 
Fuck it . Gonna go get season 1 of SOA 
This show is fucking awesome 
This show cant get any fucking crazier 
Every person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know , that 97% will not post this as their status , or even acknowledge it . be one of the 3% to like it , and put this as your status , at least for an hour , and show your support for those who died because of ........ cancer , suffered because of cancer or are still fighting it . October-Cancer month x stay strong 
I could really use a massage from a pretty girl right about now 
I fought the law 
Shouldnt be forced . Should happen naturally 
Everyones got their fight 
Hmmm gym sounds like fun right now 
The cat wants to eat me 
is just pissed off 
Never look back ? 
Who wants to go to school tomorrow ? Not me ! 
Wow I really dont give a fuck . Stfu 
Some folks are born silver spoon in hand 
When the load gets heavy don't ask for a lighter load . Ask for broader shoulders . 
Like my status and i'll tell you the song that reminds me of you . 
I don't wanna be another < PROPFIRST > working 9 to 5 . I'm better than that 
INBOXONLY !!! \ 
Tell me something you've always wanted to say to me . Stays between us , \ 
promise . Put this as your status and see what happens 
Scratch that . Pissed . 
Please put this on your status if you know someone , or are related to someone who suffers from stupidity . People need to understand that stupidity is real , and should be taken seriously . You could be sitting next to a sufferer right now . There is still no known cure for stupidity , and sympathy doesnt help , but we can raise awareness .... 93% wont copy & paste this because they dont know how to !!! 
Fuck college 
So I completed failed physical science , I'm failing psychology , most likely failing Comp 1 , and probably getting a B in Algebra if I'm lucky 
\If you can blow off other responsibilities you won't regret it . \ " I think my horoscope is telling me to skip school " 
Just slept thru all his classes today 
Ya know god forbid if someone just wants to enjoy their time here instead of worrying over money and all the B.S. that comes along with it 
Stress stress stress . Worry worry worry 
Escape the cage 
\What do you want to do ? \ " One very simple question that is driving me nuts " 
Warning : You come to my house looking to convert me to whatever your religion is I'm going to pull out a baseball bat and threaten to beat your head in with it . Thank you . 
La kito taco < PROPFEMALE > 
So not in the halloween spirit 
Someone should bring me some food 
Uhg McD's was a bad idea -barfs- I can't sstop thinking about supersize me now 
Dont wanna go to school 
Doin some body work 
I hate walkin around downtown with < PROPMALE > . He always gets up in my space 
Bored as hell on a friday night . What else is new ? 
Sorry I don't wanna be 40 years old working all day just to come home and watch tv 
So this waitress said I would look \cute\ " with a mohawk " 
I hate < PROPFIRST > Schwenk 
You know how when you fllush the toilet and the water spins ? Well when you're on the equator it doesn't . 
\Balls bigger than our brains \"" 
Less than 17 days ... 
Wiseman once said \Dont make me slap a hoe \"" 
Just looking for a good time 
Boredum does strange things to the human mind , psyche , and spirit 
Rubio ! Whoo ! 
Just saw on yahoo that Republicans won control of the house 
Silly Democrats ! Florida is for Republicans ! 
I really really really hate writing papers and this whole election thing isnt helping 
Just wrote a paper on why I might drop out of college . 
Grocery shopping .... I have no clue what to get 
Im so gangsta , youre so thug 
Mmmm Nilla wafers .... someone take them away ! 
is attending a seminar are about domestic violence 
Rollin like a cop 
Nowhere in the constitution does it say it's the governments job to take care of us from craddle to grave 
So there's a club at my school called \Superior Donut Company \"" 
I'm probably gonna regret this , but why do girls never seem to be happy ? 
I should be doing something much more important right now 
I guess its time to get out of bed :/ 
Yes ! Fat annoying bitch is gone ! 
Cruisin with Will 
Fishing ... Horrible idea 
People confuse the fuck out of me and the more I learn the more I get confused 
Just got a narration of a drunk college fight between two guys over a girl via < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > xD 
\Just pack up and leave\ " This woman can read my mind I swear " 
LP twice in one day at ihop ? 
No class , no taste , no shirt , and shit faced ! 
Feelin ' like a < PROPFEMALE > can't stop my shine on , rubbin ' cloud nine my heads in the sky 
Fuck this daylight savings crap 
Ridin solo ! 
Dreading school tomorrow 
Just keep swimming 
Chillin at McD's when I should be in my Comp class ... Feels just like high school again . Now all I need is < PROPMALE > and Will 
I < PROPFEMALE > wanna give this guy thd finger and walk out his class 
Workin on the jeep 
Guess what ? 
I was going to do something ... But now I can't remember what it was .... 
Feelin like winter , cant wait for spring 
CantWaitCantWaitCantWaitCantWaitCantWait 
Just finished watching Good Will Hunting 
No ! Bullshit , I wasn't with a hooker today ! 
It's gonna be a cold winter 
Mmmmm heart attack on a bun 
Picking out my classes for next semester 
My friends may be total dorks , but they're cool dorks 
They should offer classes on how to sleep in college 
Crank it to 11 and blow another speaker 
Cruisin in the samurai . 
So I just drove around downtown in the samurai going \WEEEEEE ! \ " Its like driving a big go cart " 
I love not having to lock my doors 
Walkin around walmart with will 
Cheese wheel tomorrow at 11 ! Peeps should join me and Will ! 
BTW .... I'm with PWNED\ 
|\ 
\\/ 
6 more days ! 
At the cheese wheel for the first time with Will ... I expected it to be more cheesey 
I think the power went out at gander mountain 
Ill remember this when you need a wingman 
Back at the < PROPMALE > dealership 
So I can either A ) keep saving , wait a bit longer , and get a cheaper bike overall or B ) Finance this $5000 bike and start building credit for myself . Hmmm 
Hope from work . Ready to pass out . 
Just because you want to hear the damn T.V. doesn't mean the rest of the neighborhood wants to 
Almost got raped in the womans bathroom today 
This is gonna be a whole new ball game 
I need to get back behind the welding mask 
Time to party ... Not really 
So I'm in my psychology class and the teacher once diagnosed a doctor with paranoia and the guy would < PROPFEMALE > a . 38 revolver and kept a bazooka in the trunk of his < PROPFEMALE > for when the cubans invaded .... 
Does anyone want to go to work for me ? Please ? 
Im probably around people twice my age more than Im around people my age 
Time to party ? ... No < PROPMALE > 
Riding the mop bucket like a skateboard = great night at work 
\We treat our bodies with respect\ " \ " And I treat mine like an amusement park \"" 
Sometimes doing the right thing aint doing the right 
With the top down , seat back ! Rollin ' in my cadillac ! 
Q : Will you ever put your hair back in the < PROPMALE > do just once more ? \ 
A : The only way I could see that happening is if for some reason I started to pursue some kinda acting career and was cast as < PROPMALE > 
Walkin in a winter wonderland 
\It's like beer pong ... except for little kids \"" 
< PROPMALE > ... Why must you be so < PROPMALE > -ish ? 
So I hear you're fly like a G6 ? Well I'm like a G7 ... suck it ! 
Whoooo ! Working opening night at Winter Wonderland ! I expect/demand people to come see me ! 
And they are already fudging the schedule 
Q : Why did I have such a big crush on you freshman yr ? \ 
A : I honestly haven't a clue . I'm shy , quiet , and kind of an ass :/ 
Watching Saving Private < PROPFIRST > 
Alright , Ke$ha just gained points in my book xD 
Id like a piece of her parle vous francais 
Workin in a winter wonderland 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > is amazing 
Great night at the new job ! Can't wait for tomorrow ! 
Needs an elf hat ... 
Almost time for this little elf to get his christmas spirit on 
Workin the obstacle course tonight ! 
This is one bored little elf 
And this little elf is home ! 
So I can either leave at 5 to go to < PROPMALE > and potentially piss my mother off or just stay here , do pretty much nothing , and not piss mom off .... :/ decisions decisions 
Heading to < PROPMALE > 
Thank you all for raping my wall and phone with birthday wishes 
Most fucked up birthday ever 
Bed time I can finally end this shitty ass day 
Nothin like McD's for breakfast 
Home from a looooong day of work ... sleepy time 
Cake for dinner ? 
Needs to get thehell out of bed 
Chillin at wendys 
Cant wait for this year to be over with 
Bubba gump shrimp 
You and me girl we go together like two peas in a pod ... Like spagetti and meat balls ... Like ham and tuna fish 
It's been a hard days night , I should be sleeping like a log 
All I know is that I don't know nothing 
Workin the ice slide again 
So some guy tried to start shit with me , got to be on the news , talked to some cute girls , and impressed the bosses ! Fantastic night ! 
Is very tempted to take a target buggy to walmart 
Just threw down a grand 
My life is awesome . Not lying 
Still doesnt seem real 
Another great night . Can't wait to get that last $650 
So I just woke and I gotta be to work at 7 a.m. and be to the winter wonderland at 3 p . m ..... gonna be a long day 
Alright , all yall that are going black friday shopping make sure to pick me up one of those 60 '' flat screen tvs for like $0.02 , okay ? 
Up all night long and theres something very wrong 
Thinks he just saw el chupacabra 
Home from work getting ready to go to work 
Ice slide ... Again . Uhg 
Alright if youre an asshole dont come to the winter wonderland . Just saying 
It only gets darker before < PROPFEMALE > ... or something like that 
Back to work 
Feelin like superman 
Another crazy night at the Wonderland . The bounce house deflated on me ! 
Arms hurt , shoulders hurt , back hurts , legs hurt , ankle hurt , and my toes hurt . Yippie ! 
If I keep this up I wont need to go to the gym 
Go big or dont go at all 
Can't believe he just did three days of doubles 
I just realized that I really hate washing dishes yet I've had a job for the past year washing dishes ... 
Off to the hibbity hop 
Damn it , my camera broke ... Well I know what I want for christmas ! 
Sitting , waiting , wishing 
Just because you're legally an adult that doesn't make you a man 
Wake up in the morning feeling like < PROPFEMALE > Claus\ 
Grab my stockings I'm out the door I'm gonna deck these halls\ 
Before I leave brush my teeth with a < PROPFEMALE > cane\ 
Cuz ya know this Christmas < PROPFEMALE>'s gonna be insane\ 
I'm talking about wrappings with some bows , bows\ 
Making some kids some yo-yos\ 
Helping < PROPFEMALE > with his ho hos\ 
...... I was bored at work okay ? 
Fuck this p.o.s. samurai ! I want my bike now ! 
So i think the samurai is dead 
And im on the ice slide again damnit 
Had a blast learning how to ice skate at work tonight ! Can't believe they pay me to do this ! 
Don't be so negative . Everything will turn out just fine ! 
It's official . I hate sjrcc 
I dont wanna survive . I wanna live 
Bike sounds amazing 
I hate being a passenger 
My abs hurt so bad 
I hate those moments when you realize you missed the oppurtunity of a lifetime 
Just need another $450 ! 
So much easier on my own . No worries . No responsibilities . No nagging ! 
It never fails ! GAHHH ! 
The wait is killing me ... 
< PROPMALE > ... I know she's cute but just forget about it , okay ? 
Home from the Wonderland ! Got to be ice guard tonight which was SOOOO easy ! 
Okay seriously . Why are all the cute girls always taken ? So not fair at all 
Home from another night at the Wonderland ! Don't go back til Thursday . Might go ice skating tuesday though ! 
So what is it ? Every 7 years that you're suppose to have a life changing moment ? I think I'm on the verge of that moment 
I should go to class but I really dont wanna get out of bed 
Heading to school ! 
2010 is almost over ! So inbox me something you've always wanted to tell me . Put this as your status , you might be surprised . \ 
Yeah you ! You reading this ! I'm talking to you ! Spill now ! 
Heading out . Later haters 
#22 You're pretty cool and havent seen a whole lot of ya lately . Very entertaining person and I'm sorry you have to walk to and from school ... I just saw ya walking that one time so I figured you always walked 
#22 ..... How can I say/write anything about you ? Words just don't do you justice . This is my best attempt though . You're beautiful , gangsta , and one of a kind . One in a million . Never met anyone like you and glad I did ... even if we only talk on FB . Anyways you're awesome and even if I say you aren't gangsta or black truthfully you are . Atleast in your own way , thug ! 
Thank you everyone who's been calling me cute lately even though I hate being called cute . I think I'm starting to learn to accept that fact and just rock the whole cute thing cuz I'm just so damn adoreable ! 
Number game ? Why not ? 
You have no idea how lucky you are 
Please remember that I'm dense and don't pick up on hints all that well ... you have to be blunt with me , okay ? 
Whoo ! Picking up more hours ! Sweet ! 
Time to go to my job ... And it's not the good one damnit 
Thats it just tell them to fuck off and leave this shit hole 
Youre a two faced piece of shit . Hope you know that 
< PROPFEMALE > I'm home ! 
You know I was in a great mood until you came along ... thanks 
I am so bored ! 
I've just seen a face , \ 
I can't forget the time or place\ 
That we'd just met , she's just the girl for me\ 
And I want all the world to see we've met 
Had it been another day\ 
I might have looked the other way\ 
But I had never been aware\ 
And as it is I dream of her tonight 
I hate those little things that make you wonder 
Skate guard ! Sweet ! 
I love being skate guard even though my legs , ankles , feet , and back hurt like hell ! 
Ihop and Wonderland tomorrow ! Whoo ! 
Life is so much better when you dont go to ihop 
So last night I got only four hours of sleep . Been up since 7 AM , went to work at 8 AM , got off at 3 PM , went to Wonderland at 3:30 PM , was at the top of the ice slide for 5 hours straight , got off at like 11:30 , and now I'm home eating doritos and drinking coke and I'm just all wound up and not one bit tired or ready to go to bed .... 
I wish I could tell you how beautiful you really are 
is exhausted 
I love my fucking job ! 
Guess who can skate backwards ? 
Fucking awesome night tonight ! 
OMFG my knee hurts ! 
It doesn't matter who's right or wrong . You'd think each other would be more important than that 
Here's a number that is NOT a game , 5825 . That's how many TROOPS have been KILLED in Iraq & Afghanistan protecting YOU . Now THAT is a status I'd like to see on everyone's < PROPFEMALE > ! Question is .. who is thankful enough to repost this . \ 
B.T.W. Stop all this war bullshit ! 
< PROPMALE > , I gotta ask ... How do you get yourself into these situations ? 
Stare fear in the face and laugh 
is getting greedy 
I love working at the winter wonderland ! 
Thinkin bout painting my new bike pink when I get it 
I need some good gloves NOW ! 
So let me get this straight . We pay taxes on the money we make , the money we spend , and there are already taxes in the price of the products we buy ... Wtf ? 
If the music's too loud then you're too old ! 
So I can either go to Ihop tonight like I'm suppose to or ditch and go work at the Wonderland instead ... 
Tis the season to be jolly and I don't think I've ever been jollier 
Wants to get another group together to go ice skating on his next day off 
We can't say < PROPFEMALE > Christmas now we have to say Happy Holidays . We can't call it a Christmas tree , it's now called a Holiday tree ?? , because it might offend someone ? If u don't like our '' American Customs '' and if it offends u so much then Leave !!!!. They are called customs We .. Have .. Our ... Traditions !! If you agree with this please post this as your status .. ho ho ho \MERRY CHRISTMAS \"" 
has Christmas songs stuck in his head and if he doesn't find the one he's looking for he's going to go insane ... 
is as friggin excited as a little girl that's about to meet < PROPFIRST > Beiber 
So should I let zach ride the bike home or ride it myself ? 
Just locked up the rear tire on the way to work 
Can i go home yet ? Im ready to kill a retarded child ... 
In walmart waiting on < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > ... I wanna ride so bad 
and there's a ringing in my ears 
Fuckin lovin the bike 
Finally home after skating for like the last 8 hours and I didn't have to zamboni tonight ! 
Got to skate witha hot drunk girl tonight too ;) oh yeah 
Shower and shave then going for a ride 
Rode all the way to Jacksonville today , got lost , and rode back on 95 doing like 90 without a single problem just to wind up dropping the bike at a stop sign on < PROPFEMALE > .... 
Just woke up and you were the first thing on my mind 
Cute ?! Really ?! CUTE ?!?!?! I cant escape it ! 
The more I try not to be cute the cuter I am apparently ... 
Just got home from working all day at ihop and wonderland . Work all day tomorrow and tuesday , then night shift wednesday at ihop , night shift thursday , then I think a double at wonderland friday , then a double saturday between ihop and wonderland .... Time to shower and hit the hay 
I cant believe Wonderland is already almost over . This saddens me greatly 
I think Ive heard '' 12 days of christmas '' done in every genre of music except rap 
Dread is a terrible thing to experience 
Anyone wanna go skating on the 2nd ? 
Some woman busted her head open on the ice and all hell broke loose 
Packed in a < PROPFIRST > like mexicans 
This year to save me from tears im punching you in the face if you dont shut up 
Great day to go riding ... Too bad I'm working 
Just got my last schedule for the Wonderland .... this sucks 
So who thinks I should take a shot at being a waiter ? 
Its lovely weather for a bike ride together with you 
Home from a horrible night at the Wonderland . Waiting on my pizza now . Oh and tomorrow night after 4 if you go to ihop you can get a 15% discount if you tell the manager , < PROPFEMALE > , I sent you there 
Wiseman once said \Forgiveness is divine but never pay full price for late pizza dude \"" 
So what does everyone want for Christmas ? 
Omg im having too much fun skating . Im gonna hurt someone 
Ah Elf life .... such a hard life ! Oh well ... < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
Got a leather jacket , new helmet , an ipod , and some other little stuff 
I hate itunes with such a passion 
It is pouring like a mother fucker 
I should work on getting a new truck 
Come together ... Right now ... Over me 
You have no idea ... 
Home from work ... Didn't get to ride my bike home though damnit ! 
Ice skating tuesday at noon anyone ? 
Dont hold me up now , I can stand my own ground , I dont need your help , You will let me down 
My ipod just died ... Damnit 
needs something to do tomorrow morning ... 
doesnt wanna get out of bed 
You say you want a revolution well ya know ... We all wanna change the world 
God damnit I drop my bike in the most ridiculous and embarrasing situations 
Chillin at dennys tired as hell 
Oh just got a $524.44 paycheck too . My next one should be even bigger 
Long ass day of riding . Dont know where I went but I think I saw a sign that said Bunnell 
Good day of work . Skate guard all night , got a new camera , and picked up an extra hour for tomorrow 
Ya know once this wonderland shit is over with I wont know what to do with myself 
I can mash potatoes , I can do the twist 
7 hours on skates is a bad idea 
Got a job offer today ! Booyah ! 
Home from the last night of Winter Wonderland . Last 2 hours I was there the staff had the rink all to ourselves . Played tag , raced , got drunk ( while skating ) , snowball fight , and other shenanigans . Also rode down the ice slide standing up . Terrifying . Rode around on top of the train . Fun ass night . Now I don't work for 2 days . I'm gonna be bored as fuck 
Just broke the nut that holds the shock onto my bike .... not good 
is officially a college drop out 
A cute girl to cuddle with sounds good right about now 
I have no idea what to do with myself now 
I'm pretty awesome ... Just saying ! 
I wonder how mad the pizza guy would be if I ordered pizza right now 
Haven't had my hands this dirty in a while ... It feels good to have a wrench in my hand again and workin on something I love 
Never Back Down 
wants to ride soooo bad 
You can be my brown eyed girl ;) 
needs something ot do ... 
\You two would make a cute cupple ! \ " Hahahaha wow ! " 
should be going to sleep , but is wayyy too busy thinking about stuff 
Yall are gonna think I'm nuts , but I really want a low rider truck 
Hmmm thinking about selling the samurai to get a new truck 
Just got back from Jax and I got lost on the way back so that added like an extra 20 < PROPMALE > riding in the cold 
Ya know right now would be a great time to have a cute girl to cuddle with 
is selling a 79 ' ford 4x4 and an 87 ' Suzuki Samurai . If you know anyone looking for either let me know 
Just tried to hit a 100 ... ya just couldn't do it , huh ? 
starting to shake that fear 
Copy This To Your Status ! :) \ 
Red)i love you\ 
Blue ) I want to go out with you\ 
Green)i think about you\ 
Yellow ) your my best friend 
Still got that smell on me even after doing 80 ... wtf ? 
Should I say what I'm thinking or just keep my mouth shut ? 
Is absolutely speechless and amazed .... Someones gonna be jealous 
Shower time for real this time 
Warming up friday ! Great news ! 
I'll be honest . I have absolutely no idea what I'm doing so I just hope I don't scew this up 
is down right exhausted ..... Sleepy time 
Chillin at Victors just killing time and waiting 
Life is great life is awesome life is amazing ! Couldn't get any better than this ! Going for a ride ! 
Finally home after a long ass day at work , working on the bike and working on my brothers truck 
Most boring night ever I swear 
Off work but gotta head out to my dads . Thinking about someone . 
Don't wait for the perfect moment . The only < PROPMALE > is now . 
Is following through with his new years resolution 
Just found a CD player made in 1995 that still works ! WTF ? They don't make em like they use to ! 
I wonder just a little too much 
I can sleep when Im dead 
Well there goes my night 
has to come up with $539 to be able to go back to school ... 
\Men are stupid\ " Hey ! Im standing right here ! I can hear you ! " 
Time to stop chasing pennies and start chasing dreams 
When I was young I thought the world was so simple ... I was dead wrong 
Why in the world am I up at 4 in the morning ? 
I can ride my < PROPMALE > with no handlebars 
Confuddled . Heading out . 
Thinking about stuff :/ 
Strange day , but I think it ended well . It was nice talking to someone 
And you succeed again dumbass 
Eh , I'm nuts , so what ? 
Riding with the guys 
So I shot my first gun today , hit a 100 , went ripping thru traffic , froze my ass off , and pretty sure I came within a few inches of dying today . Good day I say ! 
If I fall I just want it to be hard and fast 
This movie is retarded 
Just got home after getting a little lost out around flagler estates 
Riffraff , street rat\ 
I don't buy that\ 
If only they'd look closer\ 
Would they see a poor boy ? No , siree\ 
They'd find out\ 
There's so much more to me 
Is walking around palatka 
Rule #2 : Double tap 
Too much noise in my head to sleep 
Kind hearts dont make a new story . Kind hearts dont grab any < PROPFEMALE > 
\I've always prefered older women . \ " \ " Hey my grandma's single ! \"" 
So it would cost me about $250 in gas to get from St. Auggy to Los < PROPFEMALE > . Hmmmm . 
So let me get this straight . I wash dishes , bus tables , wait tables , do all the janitorial work , cook , paint , be Mr. Fixit , generally help everyone , and 
sometimes act as a manager even and still see no raise after working here for a year and a half ? WTF ? 
Just lost some parts out on 214 :/ damnit 
I search for the beat in this dirty town 
Wiseman once told me : If you want your life to be boring you make it boring . You want your life to be fucking insane you make it fucking insane . Trying to remember that everyday . 
Road trip all over Florida ? Sounds like a good idea to me ! 
Home after a long ass day . Great time though with old friends 
We just got < PROPMALE > rolled at ihop ... 
If you love me ; Comment on this status . \ 
If you think I'm a good friend ; Like this status . \ 
If you have ever had a crush on me ; Poke me . \ 
If you absolutely hate me ; then Message me and tell me why . \ 
Post this as your status if your not scared 
I am so exhausted ... why am I still awake ? 
Why is it everytime i ride my bike when im pissed something breaks ? 
Today I don't feel like doing anything\ 
I just wanna lay in my bed\ 
Don't feel like picking up the phone\ 
So leave a message at the tone\ 
Cuz today I swear I'm not doing anything 
Whats a guy gotta do ? 
Cant wait for bike week 
Blackbird singing in the dead of night\ 
Take these broken wings and learn to fly\ 
All your life ... You were only waiting for this moment to arrive 
So I've got March 7th to the 16th off work for a little road trip . Where all should I go ? 
I NEED FOOD !!! 
Ya know for someone who's chicken shit I've got some balls 
St. Augustine : A quaint little drinking village with a fishing problem 
Thinking about skipping work tomorrow ... 
Where my bitches at ? 
Im so happy cuz today I found my friends ... Theyre in my head 
< PROPMALE > why the hell are you even thinking about this ? 
Well ... there goes my good mood . 
Just got busted by the cops 
I can be your hero , baby 
Almost did #12 tonight 
< PROPMALE > , why are you doing this to yourself ? 
Go to Jax and freeze or stay in St. Aug and do nothing ? 
Almost died on 95 
Whats up with hot girls and skating ? Not that Im complaining 
Where the hell am I ? 
Rise Against and Bad Religion at the Ampitheatre ? Hellz yeah ! 
Dont mess with my crazy ihop aunts . They all got my back 
I need a new hobby ... 
I couldnt wait til I got home to pass the time in my room alone 
Just had a gay black man come onto me at McD's ... 
Just bought pit tickets for the Rise Against and Bad Religion concert 
Needs something to do 
Might be getting a job at the gate on 312 
Winter ... Nobody likes you ! Go away ! 
Phone steady beepin , but I'm busy sweepin hoes off their feet like I do every weekend 
I should've been a cowboy\ 
I should've learn to rope and ride\ 
Wearing my six shooter , \ 
riding my pony on the cattle drive 
Anyone got a tent I could borrow ? 
Living the god damn dream ! 
Lost a glove while riding on the beach , but it was so worth it 
I hate it when I'm talking to someone I enjoy talking to , but then we have nothing to say :/ 
Party at my house and I'm the only one invited ! 
Hot damn Im awesome ! 
I'm probably gonna jinx it by saying this , but I think its officially spring 
\So uhh ya play xbox a lot ? \ " Greatest pickup line ever " 
Sooo ... Ya wanna wrestle ? 
Fuck March 1st 
Pissed the fuck off 
So a manager got fired at ihop . Hmmm . 
I need a new job 
The present moment is the only eternity you have 
Where the hell is my brown eyed girl ? 
Well atleast there aint much left to piss me off 
I swear Im about to beat this little brats ass 
Gotta stop counting those pennies 
Im really starting to hate Ihop 
I have an imaginary friend but shes such a bitch ! 
If I can pretend , even if only for a few hours , then for a few hours Im happy 
There could easily be a 1000 people around me yet I still feel alone 
Exhausted .... 
Nothing like falling out of bed to wake your ass up in the morning 
This is down right pathetic 
A boring life in a boring town with the same old crowd 
Can March 1st be done and over with already ? 
Never had a plan just livin ' for the minute 
Free pancake day at IHOP is the perfect example of how free health care will not work 
And all the girlies say I'm pretty fly for a white guy 
Not looking forward to tonight 
Made $35 in tips tonight . Hopefully will be making more tips in the next few weeks . No more washing dishes for me :) 
Cant wait for friday 
I like big butts and I cannot lie 
1 hour until my last night shift is over ... Thank god ! 
Goodbye St. < PROPFIRST > , hello Daytona Beach ! 
Cops in daytona are fucking dicks 
Do not let me in a swap meet . Im like a kid in a < PROPFEMALE > shop 
Looks like im going back to daytona 
Can't . Wait . For . Tomorrow . 
Off to the new job . A little nervous 
I'm liking the new job 
hasnt got a clue 
Hate it when I'm pissed like this 
Will today please just hurry up and end ? 
It never gets any easier . You just get use to how hard it is . 
This oppurtunity comes once in life time 
Ready for something new to happen . Sick of the same ol ' same ol ' everyday b.s. 
Omg I think I just made like $100 in one day ! 
Nothing feels quite as good as holding a huge wad of cash $$ 
Good day , bad day ? I can't tell . No idea what to think 
Cant get this off my mind 
I miss skipping school 
Got my eye on the prize 
Why must I be broke all the stinking time ? 
I always get in the mood to work on projects in the middle of the night then I cant cuz people are trying to sleep :/ Grrr 
Ihop sin #1 : Stealing one of robbins tables 
Ihop sin #2 : Not making coffee 
Ihop sin #3 : Stealing another servers coffee pot , condiments , or food . 
Ihop sin #4 : Not getting ice , glasses , or soda change when a server moans , whines , or bitches 
Ihop sin #5 : Not rolling silverware 
made 200 bucks today . Booyah ! 
Ihop sin #6 : Flirt too much with cute waitresses only to get rejected 
< PROPFEMALE > pong balls - $1.86 ... Reeses cup - $1.06 ... Nearly getting kicked out of walmart - Priceless . 
Ready to go the fuck home 
Anyone need a job ? 
I'm the kinda guy who colud make a million dollars in a day and still not be happy 
Back to daytona 
Mmmm hooters . Deliciousness for my mouth and my eyes 
Together and miserable or single and lonely . 
Night shift sucks ass 
Everybody's working for the weekend 
I may be getting killed tonight 
Oh yeah . She wants it 
I wonder if hooters hires bus boys 
Can life get any wierder 
New phone . Finally I wont be walking around like its 2005 
Just when I thought things would be getting easier they just got harder 
So it's gonna rain on my day off ? wtf ... 
Working again on my day off 
Whoo employee of the month again ... Yippee ... That was hard ... 
Anyone wanna go ice skating tonight ? 
Howd i become such a workaholic ? 
Hmmmm skydiving ? 
is moving to Tennesse 
Haha im surprised my april fools joke worked yesterday 
What to do what to do what to do 
Im not growing up im just burning out 
I hope I dont smell like that when I get old 
Just had an epiphany 
Did a milf just check me out ? 
So I'm the only male server at work yet I never get the table of nothing but hot girls ? What gives ? 
Got another 30+ year old woman hitting on me tonight .... wtf ? 
Good day at work . $96 in tips . New record for me 
has become such a greedy little bastard 
Ready for something new 
Salary of US Pres ... $ 400,000 . \ 
Salary of retired US Pres ... $ 180,000 . \ 
Salary of House/Senate ... $ 174,000 . \ 
Salary of Speaker of House ... $ 223,500 ... \ 
Salary of Majority/Minority Leaders ... $ 193,400 ... \ 
...... Average US Salary ... $ 33,000 to $ 77,000 . I think we found where the cuts should be made ! If you agree ... repost ! \ 
I think we should ... start from the top & work our way down 
Need something to do tonight ... 
You can treat your body like a < PROPFEMALE > , but I'll treat mine like an amusement park 
It's amazing how the guys from the hangover are so much like me , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > 
So I lost my phone , helped some retard in a wheel chair out the bathroom , and some random woman took my picture while I was eating .... Completely normal night for me 
Remembering all the corny pickup lines I would say to make you laugh and all the tickle fights that we had 
If it's bewtween about 4 pm , your waiter gives you the check and comes back every 5 minutes to get the money it's probably time for him to get off work . Do not keep him waiting cuz he's probably been working since 7 in the morning bitch ! 
Phones gone , laptop broke , and computer broke . Damnit 
has had one hell of a day ... 
Feels like I got hit by a bus 
feels like such utter shit 
Haven't felt this bad since swine flu 
Got a phone again . 5402599 . text me < PROPFIRST > 
I'll show you mine if you show me yours first 
Okay , what are we all doing up this late ? 
If you hate your job so much why dont you just quit instead of bitching all the time ? 
Moshed . Crowd surfed . Dance with some hot bitch . Broke my nose . I'd say I had a good night 
Warning labels were only made for those who cant think for themselves 
Like this if you think sweet tea is the shit 
Night shift sucks 
Apple is it too much trouble for me to talk to a human ? That too much to ask ? 
Its gettin hot in herre 
All work and no play makes < PROPMALE > a very wealthy boy 
\Whats the difference between a pancake and an omellete ? \ " - some stupid customer " 
Live long and prosper , bitches 
Joy to the world Osama is dead 
Whoever put a bullet in that raghead ... You sir are bad ass . 
What did I learn tonight ? Dont mess with shit on < PROPFEMALE > Talbot's keychain 
