The next time you should find yourself in an embarrassing sexual predicament , repeat this mantra : ' At least I have not accidentally inseminated myself and died . ' 

Bullshit . God has horns . 
I don't mean to sound like a < PROPMALE > but , you're fucked up . Your shit's all retarded and you talk like a fag . 
Not seeing any more red bull and vodka's in my near future . WAY to awake to be that drunk . 
I'm not gonna shit this done . 
SO HUNGRY ! 
Anyone remember what I said I was going to set my status to last night ? 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oZzgAjjuqZM&feature=player_embedded 
I've got long balls , huh ? Long ass balls man . 
I just the whole thing ! What should I do ? 
If you are reading this , whether we do or dont speak often . Please post a comment of the first memory of you and me that pops into your head . When your finished post this paragraph on your own status ; you will be surprised what people remember about you . ( expecting low quantity , high quality responses here ) 
Ate a roast beef and cheddar from Arby's today and wondered if any of the ingredients ever lived ... 
In other news : Bear attack victim had ' tender heart , ' according to friends , family , bear 
So , did facebook change the format to show different completely random and incomplete postings again or is it just me ? 
Think you've seen everything there is to see when it comes to dishes ? Well , you're wrong . Try finding some yellow-green iridescent fluid that isn't and never was Mt . Dew . Product of Nate's kitchen of course . 
Desperately seeking < PROPFEMALE > cable ! Anyone in Kingman got one that's like 20 ft ? 
Can't sleep ... again ... ever . 
It wasn't a < PROPFEMALE > jolly christmas that year , for many ... were killed . 
Question . What kind of bear is best ? That's a ridiculous question . False . Black bear . That's debatable , there are basically two schools of thought - Fact . Bears eat beets . Bears . Beets . Battlestar Gallactica . 
So ... yeah ... my computer just played a commercial for Nuvaring while i'm listening to Mastodon here and I could NOT find where it was coming from . I think my computer is concerned about my metal lifestyle and is questioning my choice in contraception regardless of how inapplicable it is to me . 
shall rule the world ... one person at a time ! 
Where the fuck is Samsung tech support located where people have that weird ass accent and why don't they support the most popular pc operating system yet ? 
And the < PROPFEMALE > said unto thee , \I have no power over bears ! Theyre godless killing machines ! \"" 
9.78 Mb/s download , 4.06 Mb/s upload through a cheap wireless router . Damn these new tubes are sweet ! 
Just totally fucked my back trying to pop it . Add that to my knee that's been killing me for months aaaaaaaaaand ... FML . 
Oh yeah , the pain . It's not so bad . I hacked up some blood a couple minutes ago and there was this pink chunk about the size of a - one of those one of those little kiwi fruit , but I don't feel anything missing , so I'm not too worried . 
Can anyone think of a celebrity that I look like ? 
With all the celebrity look alike stuff going on I got a thought . How weirded out would you be if you were a celebrity and every time you popped up as someones look alike the program reported back to you that you were a match and sent you their picture ? 
Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo . Probably the most amazing sentence I've ever heard , only because it's grammatically correct . 
Night before my birthday : wrestled with < PROPMALE > in the back yard until he choked me out and I threw up because of that disgusting < PROPFIRST > Adams Cranberry Iambic I drank . Tomorrow is going to be fucked up . 
Birthday party was failsauce . Callin a d o-o ver on that one . 
And a rainbow of color appears on the right of your screen indicating that your computer is probably fucked . 
All my friends tasty status updates make me want to post morbid comments . I weird me out ... 
So , I've been watching Fox lately to kind of get an idea what they're thinking and I'm wondering if Teabaggers know they're separatists ? 
Ain't no party like a grand ole ' party cause a grand ole ' party spends $ 2,000 at BDSM lesbian stripclubs . 
Hey , how you guys doin ? Anyone without a gun and a kinfe and a hankerchief and a chapstick can get the fuck outta here . 
Don't cry over spilled milk . Get angry and punch a cow . 
We are pleased that you made it through the final challenge where we pretended we were going to murder you . We are very very happy for your success . We are throwing a party in honor of your tremendous success . Place the device on the ground , then lie on your stomach with your arms at your sides . A party associate will arrive shortly to collect you for your party . 
< PROPFIRST > , I'm trying to sacrifice my life for our love . Stop being such a < PROPMALE > . Best line from Balls of Fury . 
Time chamber , to the past . Time chamber , to the past . I'm not saying this is a refrigerator box , but this is a refrigerator box . 
Ask me anything http://formspring.me/SmokinDanNoonan 
Cinco de Mayo gets a 0/5 . There wasn't anything to do but go to Taco < PROPFEMALE > . 
DotA today will be bitchin . 
I think I'm gonna have a problem playing DotA on my shit box computer since it won't stay on for more than an hour . 
It's like six degrees of separation , except it's just one degree and < PROPFIRST > Bacon ... is Hitler ! 
I'm hungry , but I don't want to eat and I definitely don't want to cook , but I can't decide where I want to go to stare unsatisfactorily at my meal . I really just want a cigarette and a Mt . Dew . 
just saw some chicks strike out on Cash Cab on a question where the answer was Megadeth . Totally unacceptable . 
SU , P , E , RFLU , OUS , CO , MM , AS ,!!!! 
That's impossible , there's no such thing as trolls . \ 
\ 
Then how do you explain the dead unicorns ? 
Some son of a bitch stole my chopsticks . 
Had my last beer at 7:30 am . That's how you do it . 
NPG cable sucks so bad it's practically unusable . 
So glad to be done with training . Finally gonna get to work when I go to work . 
Woke up at 2am to go to work , got home at 3pm . 
Finally got my door back on and straight , no thanks to Ford welder #654 who MIG's like a 4-year-old . Did I go overkill with welding the hinge back on ? Probably . 
Finally get a two day weekend WOOT !!! 
\1% dutjuk\ " - < PROPFIRST > Windle " 
Americans are desperate , \will work for food\ " is now \ " will work as food \"." 
Rained while I was at work so it just made it all humid in the shop and made my day suck and then when I get out it doesn't rain so I can enjoy it . Screw this weather . 
They let me off work 2 hours early today , but I had to stay 2 hours late . Lame . At least I don't have to work Saturday again . 
Gotta work Saturday again this week . I'm never gonna get my car fixed . The pile of things that need to go on it is getting pretty huge . 
Gonna go watch Salt tonight . Hopefully it's not as terrible as their retarded advertisement agency is making it look . \Who is Salt ? \ " WTF is that ? Worst slogan ever . " 
Why does the most recent tab always say vastly more activities than there actually are ? It said 300+ but there was definitely < 20 and it's the same every day . 
Question : have I listened to anything in the past two days except One Bourbon , One Scotch , One Beer ? \ 
Answer : no . 
Broke my mouse third click . Shitty . 
So , I think I'm gonna hit 240 hours this month . Totally not worth the money to miss the entire month of August . I almost said July , that's how bad I'm on autopilot . 
I can't believe it's Thursday , I though it was Tuesday . I'm loosing days . Need a Saturday off so I can sleep for once . 
The just added \pro tips\ " to Facebook . Epic win . " 
NEED to not work for once . I can't even think anymore . 
Quote of the night : \Holy fucking shit ! That's a lot of mother fuckin cocaine ! \ " - < PROPFIRST > Bourdain " 
Cut my hair shorter than it's been in at least 10 years . 
You're sicker if you kill people to eat than you are if you kill people for pleasure . Ever noticed that ? 
Machete just came and went and I didn't even notice , WTF ?!?!??! 
Kingman is now bordering critical suck . All my friends have left and my gf's in California for a while . I seriously know like one person here . Shit . 
Ugh , why does Frontier have to be so worthless ? It's the only provider I can get at my house and it's ridiculously overpriced . Pretty much gonna have to stay disconnected from the tubes . 
Cold weather is not cool . 
Paleontologists discover complete 287 million year old dimetron fossil in Texas . That's nearly 6,000 years old in Texas School Board years ! 
My phone just went all ' iPhone 4g ' and won't make phone call's . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > fucking Christmas , \ 
Samsung . 
Dell , \ 
Your driver support site is a joke . DIAF . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
< PROPFIRST > 
I'm liking the new pop up window for the pictures . Much more convenient . 
Hating this place so much right now . 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only four words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , please copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along . Four words is harder than you think ! 
Lol , < PROPFIRST > Beck is explaining a nuclear reactor . 
