well not feeling to hot but off to the bay we go to do it all over again 

Going to g-mama's for nice ham dinner what else could i ask for :) 
I'm installing the fat brick oven into my shop today . It's going to be fucking awesome . 
well off to work on mothers day ...... sorry mom 
HEY anyone going to POP this weekend or just going to SF for memorial day weekend . Hit me up ill be in the bay . 
Im back from my wild adventure in the bay tired and glad to be home it was a zoo down there this weekend happy memorial day back to reck life tomorrow 
Hittin tha hay 
me and e-rock with five different stamps on our hands , after a long night of clubbing end our adventure here at in'n'out with a double double , animal style of course ...... life is good 
Chinese food and a beer makes me sleepy . 
home boy < PROPFIRST > just won 600 on his first two slots . Keepin Tahoe green motha fucker 
Just got back from Tahoe . Two days of non stop gambling , drinking , smoking , and lovin life . Got way up on the craps table did it big all weekend :P 
dam another late night . what the hell am i doing up ? 
Why do we reward the water drinkers and not the water carriers ?......... think about it . 
Black Ops is fucking awesome . get yours ! 
Into the first week at Wyotech doing the electrical program . Super fucking cool , can't wait till monday . 
Roll me home from grandma's house I can't walk . 
Busy hands are not mischievous hands ..... unless your hands are busy being mischievous ...... think about it . 
“When you do things right , people won’t be sure you’ve done anything at all . ” 
I hate tweakers 
The prayer of the Great Spirt 
Rave in Galt tonight . 15 bucks with a canned food item . If go find me , ill be in a < PROPFEMALE > suit with red strobe wire . Its at the Estrelitta Ballroom\ 
\ 
415 C Street\ 
Galt , CA 95632 
Just got back from a whirlwind trip to the bay . Went bar hopping all christmas night . shit was surprisingly cracking . 
christmas break has taken its toll on my wallet and my liver :) 
why's the rum gone ??? 
dam safety meeting was hard on my liver . < PROPMALE > bean your my best friend and my worst enemy . 
finished up mod two with another A . Residential on monday . woot woot 
dam hit the boardwalk up tonight to see Good People . they fucking rocked that place . \straight smokin treeeess ..... in the hills of the CPC \"" 
Ozay , kangamangus , < PROPFEMALE > nose , and twirly all need to be added to the dictionary . Recognize 
LETS GO PACKERS LETS GO ! 
chillin in tahoe on the mac-donalds wifi . Fucking beautiful up here . 
I don't know if you guys knew this but I used to smoke weed with L . < PROPMALE > Hubbard 
Nate Dogg RIP 
The party at Pinky's was awesome last night . Great music and good people . Thanks to everyone who preformed and helped put it on . It was the perfect transition into a good week . Glad so much money could be raised . :) 
FREEDOM 35 
