2010 died in a fire . 

winter snow heading norh east is fucking with my plans . Baby-mamma's exploiting the situation to jerk me around . The weather system here in the Rouge is threatening to shut down the infrastructure . my GPA is soon gonna drop faster than the tempreature . 
self-destruction is an oversimplification . one should not resort to mutilation unless for fun . I'm feeling multisyllabic . Lookie-loo ! Big words . 
Hey Sephanie ! the first word is about pretending to be against those that want to deconsruct social institutions ( usualy seperation of church and state issues ) . the other is a gall bladder surgical procedure . Durh .. Me gots more internety and yayy ! I type gooder too ! 
People are dying right now ! Get off your asses and do somthing ! You wanna be nestled all cozy-casket in regrets ? ... o.k. got that out of my system . 
For my birthday I got to ride Amtrak without Catching a cold . I lost my wallet on the train but someone turned it in sans $180 . An elderly woman complemented me for being a dad that actively teaches their child and said I was doing a good job . It felt so good hearing that , that my lower lip gave a little tremble . 
LOOK ... LOOK YOU MOTHERFUCKERS . OR SO GOD HELP YOU I'LL PULL OUT YOUR FUCKING FINGERNAILS AND STAB OPEN YOUR EYELIDS TO YOUR GODDAMN FUCKING SCALP ! hEE ... hEE ., Thats jut the pills talkijn ' Don't meen nuthtin buyit . 
Golly , now that some of the burdens troubling my life have been lifted , it seems that my writers ' block is evaporating . 
Hey guys , the ihop on seigen ln . Is burning down . 
Writers ' block is breaking up . I may be able to pull off a miracle and pass my Eng . Comp . class if I can furiously write twenty or so pages of intelligent bullshit . Go Go Gadget Literacy ! 
Just got google sky on my mobile . Light pollution is foiled . 
My texas wolf snail just died . I am sad . It survived a tough winter , but had stopped eating . I lifted up his shell today and found it full of maggots . Happy carnivore , he was well fed . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Dio , < PROPFIRST > Colman and < PROPFIRST > Hopper . < PROPFEMALE > mort de tois . 
Staying in a hotel in chatanooga tonight . Tomorrow I pick < PROPFIRST > up . we'll only be about three hours away from where I grew up . I'll probably cruise by royersford and gilbertsville to show weeshit where his pop came from . I'll take photos and post giggity 
Spending the night in valley forge with < PROPFIRST > . Yes , valley forge . So many frostbitten toes of the war dead , broken off like ice cickles . Their misery was complimented with a mild outbreak of plauge . At least the hotel is nice 
Just got back home from picking up my son . I took a brief detour to show weeshit around the towns . Whenever I thaught I had gotten lost , a landmark from a distant childhood memory would appear and put me back on track . I had forgotten how tightly packed everything was . Each location was a suprisingly short distance . Anyhow , now that I've done it once already , it will be easier to do again . 
To my fb friends up north , I didn't mean to slight anyone . I just didn't know what kind of time schedule I would be confined to . The next time I have to travel to D.C. will be August . If I'm driving again like I did this time , I'll reach out and contact . This time , however , was spur of the moment and I had less than day to squeese into my itinerary . 
I am sore from driving . I saw iron maiden in < PROPMALE > last night . It was very fun . They played very well . I'll upload pictures later . I hope england beat us in the world cup . My fingers are still clenched in the 10 and 2 positions . 
< PROPFEMALE > diller lunchables for your kids : a pickle with a balongna sandwich . Underneath is a note saying ; \ what do you want kid ? Fang was too drunk to put gin in your juice cup . I did leash him outside so he could bark at the bus as you made your escape . " 
Appearently my training at the crisis intervention center is also coaching me to be a phone sex worker . 
7 lbs . 1 oz . 18 inches guess what I'm talking about . 
I think I like figgy pudding better than choclate cake . \ 
Please sir , may I have more Parallax and Doomsday ? \ 
( Heroclix reference ) SUCK MY NUTS ! 
Look what you made me do all over myself . I can't eat all this ! 
I went to < PROPFIRST>'s specialty meats and asked for orphan cutlets . They pretended not to know what I was talking about . 
Heh he he ... texas 
I saw conan the barbarian for the first time in easily over 20 years . Afterwards , my tv had grown ball hair ... and balls . 
One word to describe daquiri cafe after midnight : Bargoyles ! 
Rotten.com has a wonderful article on North Korean health care . 
Mousepouch that is the term to descibe \chinese buffet\ " \ 
B < PROPFIRST > Longwell will be hosting tonite at Daiquiri cafe on < PROPMALE > from 8/ 8:30 to last call/first puke . 0pen Mic uncensored/unfiltered and completely plagerisable ! come to read or stop and gawk ! 
Yaaaa ! crisis center training is over ! it was fun but at times a little grueling . just one more observation and then an observation review then one-on-one coaching with a staff member then schedueling then redy .. set .. don't die ! 
It just occured to me , giving its ' vast reality influencing capabilities , the green lantern power ring must produce a shitstorm of dangerous radiation that's lethal with just a few seconds of exposure . Everyone would be crisped inside out witin 5 < PROPMALE > . 
< embed src = \ http://blip.tv/play/hLEMgaKgWgA\ " type =\ " application/x-shockwave-flash\ " width =\ " 475\ " height =\ " 391\ " allowscriptaccess =\ " always\ " allowfullscreen =\ " true \"></ embed > " 
I just found this and I can't stitch my sides together fast enough ! 
A strong shot of coffee right when you wake up is like a punch in the tits . 
It's also kinda like rebar across the shins ! 
I'm at a waffle house in Athens TN . The place is half-packed with \wal-marty\ " hillbillies . They are giggling with their bellies and casting glances at me like I'm out of Sigfreid's two ring circus . My server is an aging bean-pole with face-tats . Fuck me . " 
Visitation thwarted . Heading home . 
I stopped by lookout Mntn . in Chatanooga TN . There I rode the inclined railway to the top . It is the steepest passenger train in the world with a grade of 72% acending over 1400 ft . The ride had that slow terror posessed by coney island rollercoasters . 
Everything is all set for next semester : Algerbra . Asian < PROPMALE > . Computer science . Biology & lab . Library sciences . Life is awsome as fuck . My will is a < PROPFEMALE > of warm verses . 
My bestest pick-up line evurrr : Wowie , did anyone say you look like < PROPFEMALE > Wurnos ... I really wanna keep talking to you . Maybe you can leave my murdered body in a ditch somewhere . No . I don't wanna buy you a drink . You are creepy . 
BRCC : your classes will be purged every day until we get our money . \ 
ME : So every day I'll have to sign up for my classes because I've been purged from the system ? \ 
BRCC : No sir , we don't purge anymore . We clear out the system at the end of the buisness day 
Human simpltons secrete thie wisdom from their nightmare glands . 
Wingman of the damned . Backing up cockblocking champion of the world . 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mary_Ward_(scientist ) 
Sorry I can't come out and play , my schedule is full . I've got disappointment penciled in all this week and stagnation for the weekend . FML 
Bored with LSU sports ? Stick your goddamned hand in a blender ! Invite your friends and drink recklessly ! collide with kop kars on your way to the hospital ! Pick a fight with a doctor ( descreetly hide him in the dumpster) ! You can always repent on Sunday !... Sunday ! Sunday ! Sunday ! See the Amasing Dumpster Doctor Blast-O-Ramma ! 
I'm a ghost pirate trapped in a divin ' < PROPFEMALE > . Nothing to see but the cold dead eyes of a shark . 
I had a wonderful night being vicimized by three lovely vampiresses for a photo shoot . I'm covered in corn syrup and sticky gravel , but I'm grinning like a school boy . 
Staying the night in glade springs VA . 
Gosh , Boardwalk Empire sure is a bawdy programme . 
Another year without < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . It's good to be alive ! 
Three more applications put in , still no face time . Anyone need an out-of-work bartender ? \ 
( I'll do almost anything for cash . ) For Fucks ' Sake I miss being pretty ! 
I just checkes the football score ! 3-10 AWSOME !!! gO lOSER sEWER uNITARSITY !!! You Suck You Fucks !!! 
I'm going as Cirrosis the clown for Halloween . ( See profile pic for costume ) . \ 
What are you guys going as ? Hallowhint : Disappointment is not a costume . 
Tounge twister contest : tully doth twill two dozen twine strings ' tween twigs binding scarecrows ' frightning fingers frozen fridgid . 
My son just told me that ; I am a kid and a grown-up so I am a teacher so I don't have money . 
His father was a river boat captain , but by 1870 he was a fertilizer manufacturer . 
< PROPFIRST > said this about celabration station : They know what you want . They watch you . 
Fuck Vitter 
\Nos laetus epulor qui domito nos\ " Latin translation " 
For Sale : One itchy throat with dry cracked lips . four sinus cavities and a box worth of post-moistened tissues . Post reply in the next ten minutes and get free coughing and bouts of fever . 
The quickest way to a mans ' heart is through his liquor hole . 
I'VE BAUGHT LOTS OF CRACK AND PAINT THINNER TO TAKE WITH ME TO PICK UP MY SPAWN . I'M RIDING AMTRACK . I HAD TO BUY A LOT OF PAINT THINNER ! IT'S COLD AND FLU SEASON SO YOU KNOW WHAT CONDITIONS ARE GOING TO BE LIKE IN THE CATTLE CARS . I HAVE TO TAKE A LOT OF VITAMIN C(rack) ! I DON'T WANT TO CATCH AIDS AGAIN . AM I ALMOST OUT OF CRACK ALREADY ? 
Guess what < PROPFIRST > wanted me to read to him tonight at bedtime ? A law book . His deadlights where out by the 5th paragraph . 
Ahhh ! Children , completely oblivious to the horrors of life . Very sweet . Makes my backened sore feel almost like a heart . Reminds me of love and creates happy times . 
What did my hunny get me ? A butterfly knife and a book on intimidating others . 
I fell asleap last night watching \Inception\ " . I woke up right after the ending and felt terribly uneasy . " 
If I should have another son , his name shall be Moe < PROPFIRST > Longwell 
Watching Airwolf and Kojak with the weeshit . 
Happy Festivus . I am very dissapointed in you all . 
I got an espresso machine and a semester in colege . Yay Crustmas ! 
Captain Beefheart , January 15 , 1941 – December 17 , 2010 . Complications from Multiple Sclerosis . You will be missed . 
Beefheart spoke of studying texts on brainwashing at a public library at about this time , and appeared to be applying brainwashing techniques to his bandmembers : sleep deprivation , food deprivation , constant negative reinforcement , and rewarding bandmembers when they attacked each other or competed with each other . 
Critically acclaimed as < PROPFIRST > Vliet's magnum opus , Trout Mask Replica was released in June 1969 . < PROPFIRST > Vliet wanted the whole band to \live\ " the Trout Mask Replica album . " 
I'm killing all of the hippies today . anyone want to join in ? 
Ohh yeah , cool side of the pillow . Ats whutime tawlkinbout . 
I make domestic violence sexxy 
I like this comment . 
Flossing teeth is the best ! Who else here loves flossing their teeth ! Heck , just flossing anything is pretty awsome ! 
First day of school ! Film 202 , an aspie is chatting up the hawtest girl in class . His voice is droning like < PROPMALE > Stein and she can't get away ! SCHADENFREUDEN !! 
Today in my finance course , the instructor outlined a financial plan that yeilds a free new car every 5 years for life . She showd us a youtube video that outlines the same plan and it's stupid simple . 
Many of you may be seaching for an excuse to my actions ths past week . The only reason I can give is : I did it for the lulz . 
Does anybody know what the syptoms are for iocane poisoning ? 
Why does my friend smell like pepper spray ? 
My tummy is full with amtrak crabcakes . 
I've started < PROPFIRST > on crack , namely Sonic Colors ; Nintendo DSi . 
Uh , yeah . Couldja keepit down , tryin t'watch Mr. Belvedere here . 
So what did you guys have for breaky-wek . 
I fixed my dads ' computer . Don't know what was wrong with it but apperantly all it needed was lots of soap and hot water . 
Feb 21 1916\ 
\ 
Start of the Battle of Verdun , which in nine months yielded 975,000 casualties and almost no change in the front line . It is the bloodiest battle in history , and often the one remarked as having the \highest density of dead per square yard . \"" 
< PROPFIRST > has a fever 101 . In the dr. s office now . There is a broken toy chest here filled with what has to be the most unsanitary toys in history . This is where airborne AIDS comes from . < PROPFIRST > , did you know that these toys where played with by dead kids ? 
I'd like my Facebook friends to comment on this status , sharing how you met me . BUT I WANT U TO LIE . That's right , just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status , so I can do the same . I bet half won't read the instructions right ! \ 
( a robot asked me to do this ) 
Nobody uses the internet anymore , it is so 1997 . 
My son has taken up the habit of punching me in tbhe < PROPMALE > and balls for his own amusement . 
I've been suckling skunk milk from the devil's teet . 
Leave it to an alchoholic to ruin the good atmosphere of a bar ! 
Mar 7 1945\ 
Gen . < PROPFIRST > Patton urinates in the Rhine after the U.S. Third Army takes the bridge at Remagen . 
The contestants are ready and the suits have been filed ! It's time for Amnerikas second favorite game show : Child Custody War !!! Court has been set for the end of march . 
Math is a child molester and my brain is an unpopular kid with low self-esteem . 
Hurmm ... seems like sombody's got a family of deer ticks living in their rectom . 
I don't think I want to live in a world without < PROPFEMALE > White . 
Family court trial date set for july 18th . The witness list is due by May 13th . Any body wanna come to court to talk about what a badass awsome dad I am ? Heck I'll even let you come and talk shit about < PROPFEMALE > D'Antoni of 101 < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Dr. < PROPMALE > VA 20164 . 
remember , hippies live in pine trees so every time you kill a pine tree , a hippie in your town goes without a home ! Click here to donate : http://wishes.causes.com/wishes/252567?bws=st 
On this day in 1978 I was birthed in the wilds of appalacian Pensylvania to a she-beast whom was half-anaconda and part Gnu . I suckled the devil's milk from a crooked teet and terrorized the small puppies of local amish communities . Later , after all the local woods had been burned down , I was taken in by a kindly skunkape and we fled to the swamps of louisiana where the hungry dead float and are forgotten . 
Hey everybody that's important or means anything on the internet ( My FB feinds ) , thanks loads for the birfday wishes . Champangne for my true friends , true pain for my sham friends ! 
I am doing so much crystal-math just to get through this semester . 
