Why did We have to leave Alaska ? 

finally got my digital camera to work with my computer .. 
well off to another great night at work .... 
o yea campin today down at little yellowstone 
haha what 
can't wait for 18 days 
is wondering if he should dred his hair ? 
back from the cabin 
bored ... 
One week 
Wednesday !!! 
last day of work !!! 
today is the last day ill be in J-hole ! 
No more jamestown !! 
stupid . 
I wish you were here .... 
comin to j-town on the weekend 
looking forward to j town kinda 
hates down time 
yea .. fuck . 
Woohoo go Packers !!!!!! 
No more cigs !!! yay 
fucking bored .... 
woohoo !!!! lets go Packers !!!! 
court tomorrow 
woohoo , didn't get shit in court 
not quite sure 
woohoo go twins !!!! 
Tell me about them fucking golf shoes !!! 
Life couldn't be much better ... 
wishes it was friday already 
Can't Wait for Thursday , then the weekend ! 
Yup Pretty sure my night is kinda ruined .... thanks alot < PROPMALE > and your damn movie 
pretty sure idk where my phone is 
Hmm Ic Ic 
I got my ninja bag aka a pillow case filled with nacho flavored combos a flashlight and masking tape . 
Yea ... totaled my vehicle on thursday 
no more hair 
hmmm what to do ... 
.......................... 
don't feed bears booze , because people WILL get mauled 
Go take a hike , and don't forget the trail mix bitch 
Objects in mirror are closer than they appear 
every packer fan new it was coming good job Favre you fucked up again ahahah 
Bitch I feel good , don't I look stupendous my shine is so endless ... 
haha jerrikas on bretts facebook ima change everything !!! 
Why !!!!!!!!!!!! 
needs a subject for botany paper . any ideas ? 
one test done one to go 
yay !!!.... another damn test .... 
Don't turn around , can't be afraid . Take you all the way , back home . Innocence gone , can't be the same .... 
http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20100222/ap_on_re_us/us_seniors_marijuana 
ugh ... 
Tonight .... you .... 
is so jacked for spring break 
gotta love wildlife class :) 
J-Town with the gf fun time :) 
Does anyone want to buy my shirt ?.... I'll trade ya my shirt for a grilled cheese .... 
What ! Did you get bit by a sheep ? 
2 more people .. chicken coop ... plz .... 
2 people today plz help my chicken coop 
cant wait till summer 
so lets just stay in the moment , smoke some weed , drink some wine , reminisce , talk some shit forever young is in your mind ... 
Never thought I'd say it but , really .... birds ... why you gotta be so tough and confusing 
What I really learn in college .. Morgan Mondays , Tequilla Tuesdays , Whiskey Wednesdays , Thirsty Thursdays , Fucked up Fridays , Shit Faced Saturdays , and of course ... Sober Sundays 
Happy 4-20 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
gotta love being sick .... 
Thursday is finally here ... yes !!!! 
having fun weekend with my gf and family love my gf so much ! 
They say that nice guys finish last .... well , i just took a shortcut and whooped your ass to the finish 
Just owned that bird test 
Oh .. well I left that at home . You left what at home ? The guidy , chippy , thingy . What ! Why would you do that ? To make room for the cupcake !!! 
July 27th Starcraft 2 .... fuck yea 
fuck you snow its not winter anymore , leave !!! 
Mr. < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > quote . And we should not be afraid of zombies but instead afraid of becoming a zombie 
its not winter .... there is snow ..... wtf ? 
cant wait til thursday at around 6 
only a couple more days ... 
finds this weather mmmmm quite shallow and pedantic 
plz help with me chicken coop 
thinks its awsome how he gets sick right before finals 
got the apartment !! moving in on the 28 
hahaha < PROPFIRST > left his facebook on !!!! 
mmmm shrimp scampi tonight ... moms home cooking ...... but not her cooking it .. oh well , still great ! 
Cord :\D o we have a cat ???? \"" 
loves his girl friend !! 
When people tell me to think outside the box it never happens . As soon as they say it it's like ok well i'll try but what exactly does this box all consist of ? 
Thanks everyone 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes 
You can see our shadows wandering off somewhere , we won't make it home but we really don't care 
Uncle < PROPFIRST > says to pay your taxes , just to learn that I pay for classes . Part time hustle really ain't gonna last , so todays forecast is to make more cash 
got called on for jury duty .... damn 
WE AINT GOT NO MORE DAMN POTATO SALAD !!!! 
is super pumped cuz StarCraft 2 is on its way in the mail thanks to a sweet paycheck !!!! 
is there a < PROPMALE > near by ? 
StarCraft 2 = A+ 
If I was 23 i would have just one a free trip for me and three people for 6 days in < PROPMALE > florida ... damn it 
Theres only one solution ..... duct tape 
So pretty sure I really want to train the ferrets to hunt .... 
loves getting sick 
wooo last day of work for the week ! 
WOOOOOOOOOOOOooooooooo parallax tomorrow !!!!!! 
jamestown on thursday morning . ferrets getting their first check up , i can finally figure out how much chief actually does weigh haha 
I love you grandpa < PROPMALE > R.I.P. 
i love my girlfriend \ 
:) 
Is there a dog in here ??? I could have sworn there was just a dog in here ...... 
Haha thank god im not a redskin fan . i feel bad for those who were expecting to get shitty at the game , they're already leaving ... still sober cuz its only the start of the second quarter . 
Workin on the skrat today opefully it goes good 
Fuck ! 
really hope the little fuck next door breaks through the ground next time he fuckin jumps around ! so damn annoying 
really hopes that final went as good as i thought it did 
havin a < PROPFEMALE > fruit .... mmmmm tasty 
watched the movie Pandorem last night .... great movie 
mmmm bacon , eggs , coffee , and highlights from the cardinals win last night ... good morning 
Lets go Packers !!! 
WOOOO go Packers !!!!! 
not gonna be good . < PROPFIRST > + Math = No good , not to mention i can't even pronounce my professors name 
Really wonders why some people are such idiots . find a random news article online and just go read the comments on the story , youll see what i mean 
mm deer sausage and scrambled eggs with coffee .. nice breakfast 
really thinks people need to stop complaining about their ' signs , its not a big deal , you didnt know before they told you why should it matter now ? 
wishes i didnt have to work tomorrow so i can watch the ravens hopefuly knock off the rapist and his team 
the chicken nugget is to the chicken world as the hotdog is to the pork world . if this holds true what is the beef world's \chicken nugget \"" 
Yes !!!! GO RAVENS !!!! 
Go Pack GO !!!!!!!! 
WOOO how bout them Packers !!! 
misses his lip ring .... :( 
just got a new phone , need < PROPFIRST > 
Packers to the super bowl .. yes couldn't ask for anything better 
Thinks its great when people always blame the refs . just admit you lost and get over it 
can NOT WAIT TILL SUNDAY !!!!!! 
well to busy yesterday to post this but GO PACKERS !!! nother sb comin home next year 
weasels make me laugh 
Fuckin snow again 
HA !.... HAHAHAHA wow what a d-bag 
can hear the coyotes howlin from my apartment 
A recent medical study conducted by NDSU ( North < PROPFEMALE > State University ) found that the average North < PROPFEMALE > n walks about 900 < PROPMALE > a year . \ 
Another study by the American Medical Association found that North < PROPFEMALE > ns drink , on average , 22 gallons of alcohol a year . \ 
This means , on average , North < PROPFEMALE > ns get about 41 < PROPMALE > to the gallon . 
All of us have a thousand wishes . To be thinner , to be bigger , have more money , have a cool car , a day off , a new phone , to date the person of your dreams . A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is fighting cancer , or even had cancer , post this for at least one hour .. 
