Happy New Year 2011 ! Here's to a good year ! And another thank you for the birthday wishes ! 

I've been spending the past two hours friend requesting people and adding stuff to my Facebook when I swore I would never get one of these ... I'm out of my mind :S 
I really need to get some sleep ... insomnia sucks ... 
In a Facebook Frenzy right now ... WHAT'S HAPPENING TO ME !!!! lol Anyway , so supposedly Castle Age is the best game on Facebook . Thank you ad bar on the side thingy for informing of something so important . I'm so relieved because that was one of my most burning questions , lol . Haha , I don't even know what Castle Age is I'm just being weird ... 
IT MIGHT JUST SAVE YOUR LIIIIIIIIIIFFFEEE THAT'S THE POWER OF LOVE DUH NUH DUH NUH NUH THAT'S THE POWER OF LOVE ... Haha whatever anyway , I'm so bored and going to practice singing again soon . 
Another pointless chapter done and gone . Time to write a new one that doesn't involve false promises or disappointments . At least I don't care too much :D 
Voice is dead , can't really sing well right now and I need to practice :( 
Just got back from the Papa Roach , Chevelle , Sevendust and Buckcherry concert ! It was pretty badass but my ears are still ringing lol oh ... and you all should check out my band's Facebook < PROPFEMALE > by typing Approaching Nothing into the search bar at the top of the < PROPFEMALE > ... give us some love !! 
Meh ... tired of feeling worthless ... 
Great ... my singing voice is officially screwed up and my throat hurts 
Been drinking some water , taking some cold medicine and hoping my singing voice comes back ... 
Due to structural issues because of the flood and the inability to find a new venue , the show at Elm's Ballroom for July 9th is no longer happening . Sorry for those who wanted to attend ... :( 
Holy hell my head hurts :( 
You guys should read my short stories :) lol they need love 
Need You Tonight by INXS is a badass song lol 
Doesn't know if he can do this ... 
\Do you know what it feels like loving someone that's in a rush to throw you away\ " One of the best lyrics ever . Thank you < PROPMALE > Iglesias " 
Duffy's gig tomorrow , super nervous ... just going to relax and prepare to get up at 7 AM tomorrow gah ... 
Duffy's gig went super awesome ! Really super tired ... going to upload some live vids from the show and then I'm off to sleep . 
I'm waitin for the day that \ 
Together we can find a way back \ 
But everything we've got at stake \ 
Lets worry about today and put tomorrow in a bottle \ 
If there's some way that we can take back \ 
The wrong that we've created \ 
We can change that \ 
Don't turn your head the other way \ 
\ 
You're gonna save today Put tomorrow in a bottle \ 
Let's put tomorrow in a bottle Awesome song !! 
is wasting time ... 
Knows why everyone leaves him now . 
Has now begun his quest at listening and rating every #1 on the Hot 100 starting with 1940 . 
Has reached 1960 on his quest at listening and rating every #1 on the Hot 100 starting with 1940 . 
Has reached 1970 on his quest to listening and rating every #1 on the Hot 100 starting with 1940 . ( 404 songs- missing a small amount because they were too old to find :( ) 
Woke\ 
up this morning to a call from my sister's number that was not my\ 
sister . It was an Indian guy yelling at me and threatening me because I\ 
either a ) kicked his dog or b ) touched his daughter . I would have\ 
asked but he told me to shut up and that he'd call the police :/ 
Made it to 1975 in my quest to listen to every #1 on the Hot 100 starting with 1940 . The 70's had A LOT of #1s and I still have 35 years to go until 2010 . :/ 
2 years ago today my dad died . Rest in peace dad :) 
Has made it to 1987 in my quest to listen and rate every #1 on the Hot 100 from 1940-2010 . 
Has made it to 2000 in my quest to listen and rate every #1 on the Hot 100 from 1940-2010 . Only 124 more songs to go !!! 60 years of music down , 10 to go :D 
Has\ 
officially completed his quest to listen and rate every #1 on the Hot\ 
100 from 1940-2010 . It was over 1000 songs . Only five are missing\ 
because they were old and no digital recording could be found :( 
Meh ... what's on my mind ? I don't know you tell me Facebook ... 
Whoever is calling me from a \Restricted\ " number can really fucking stop . Next time I get a call I'm calling the cops . " 
My side hurts :( I hope it's not bad ... 
Went to the ER to find out what was wrong , but I'm alright ... if anyone wanted to know ... 
Let me introduce you ya to miss\ 
Miss almost made it , miss understood\ 
Miss always jaded , miss up to no good\ 
Miss never gonna make it , miss don't know how to take it 
Trust no one . That's the best thing to go by in this world . 
To All : Who still considers me a friend ? Be honest . 
Can't sleep ... really need to get back into a normal sleeping pattern . 
< PROPFIRST > your calendars , my band Approaching Nothing is playing at The Green Room in Syracuse , Nebraska on August 21 , 2010 at 8 PM ! 
So when will this end\ 
It goes on and on\ 
Over and over and over again\ 
Keep spinning around\ 
I know that it won't stop\ 
Till I step down from this\ 
Sick cycle carousel\ 
This is a sick cycle yeah\ 
( AWESOME SONG ! - you should all listen to it \Sick Cycle Carousel- Lifehouse \")" 
Just finished my story called \The Deal\ " . It's only 17 pages . Oh well . " 
Happy endings do not exist because an ending is never happy . There are happy middles and beginnings , though . 
I need to write something but I don't know what . 
Inception is an amazing movie ! It is seriously Oscar-worthy so you should all see it . And if you have , what do you think ? 
Alrighty , so I went to Uproar with < PROPFIRST > and Christian and I met Halestorm and Stone Sour ! How badass is that ? If anyone wants to know , I was too nervous to shake < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s hand and Lizzy Hale is awesome and beautiful in person yes :) 
doesn't know what to think . 
You should check out my band Approaching Nothing's Facebook < PROPFEMALE > for a couple live tracks from the Green Room show in Syracuse . 
Just ate the best two pancakes I've ever eaten ... They were as big as my head no joke 
Loves my iPod touch cuz it keeps me connected to the Internet ... can't wait to play NCAA 11 and own the leaderboards hopefully lol 
Is super excited to see Lifehouse ! 
Headed to get our wristbands for the Lifehouse concert it's helps < PROPFEMALE > my hat almost blew away and I tripped typing this lol 
My funnel cake blew away :( It's on the ground along with powdered sugar on my shirt ... 
Woot ! I'm in ! So excited :) 
Holy crap that was amazing !! 
Got home late last night , played some NCAA 11 , lost for stupid reasons , went to bed sick and now here I am lol band practice today 
Meh my iPod update is taking forever now I have to sit with my thoughts 
Sitting in my Journalism 142 class and super tired gah :/ 
Finally updated my life story thingy ... it's been almost two weeks . 
Just got my Husker tickets woot !! 
Just for further reference I do not have an iPhone although I sort of wish I did . 
Went to the Husker game and we won ! And I'm tired lol 
I'm coming home , I'm coming home Did you take off while I was gone ? I missed it all , I messed you up , I missed you- Homecoming- Hey Monday 
swears he drove home in an EF-1 tornado ... you would not believe Highway 2 at 5:30 this afternoon ! I could see less than 10 feet in front of me !! 
New favorite song of the day : Talk Like That- The Presets . Really such a weird song ... you should all listen to it . 
Are we all on the same side ?? 
wishes people knew the true meaning of loyalty 
people just don't get it 
found out his dog has malignant cancer . 
Just got back from hanging with some cool people . Glad I went back again after awhile . 
Is excited arkansas is beating alabama 17 to 7 bc the huskers will go up lol 
Is shocked we are struggling with sdsu 
is super tired this morning and wondering how many times he'll miss his first class . 
is ridiculously angry at NCAA Football 11 right now . 
is taking a break from the world ... 
screws up alot . 
99th row lets go huskers beat the longhorns so bad i can see it ! 
Its amazing what two donuts can do in the morning . 
waiting for my next class and hoping a bunch of people see us play knickerbockers on november 27th ! also wanting to know when halloween stuff will be on tv :/ 
Cuz now I'm feeling so cheesy like a cheese stick . Like a cheese stick like a cheese stick n-n-n-n-n-now I'm feeling so gooey like a cheesy stick . \ 
I'ma gonna cook ' em long I'ma gonna cook ' em right Girl I keep ' em crispy eatin ' those cheese sticks all the time . I like the way they taste , every single night . If I don't have my cheese sticks I'ma gonna start a fight . HELL YEAH 
Ahh nothing like math at the buttcrack of morning ... 
Waiting for a workshop for a class just wishing i was home instead . And why is everything so complicated ? 
Who thinks I should write more short stories ? 
Bleh ... 
Feels like going home . 
people only like me until they know me better . 
I just don't know what to say ... 
On a mission and Facebook isn't helping . 
Knickerbocker's show countdown : 15 days 
I know its not your fault , but I'm a locked door\ 
Anytime I'm a mess by someone before\ 
And I wish that I , I could find a key\ 
To unlock all the things that you want us to be\ 
Let me open up and start again , \ 
But there's a safe around my heart\ 
I don't know how to let you in , \ 
And that's what keeps us apart\ 
And that's why I need time . \ 
I said I need you , \ 
I need you to understand , you , you , you ( x2 ) 
just finished the song \Take A Little Bit\ " for my \ " Nonsense\ " project . Check it out . " 
It's nice that a call that was blatantly not Roughing The Passer is the decider in a close game Nebraska should've won . Isn't it fishy that the refs called 16 penalties on us and only 2 on Texas A&M . I think they are a bit sour about us leaving the Big 12 , huh ? 
My band is on 104.1 The Blaze tonight with their song \Why You Love Me\ " ! You can live stream online at kibz.com or just tune in . " 
I need your help to help us climb the charts on signmeto.roadrunnerrecords.com . Approaching Nothing #66 on the weekly charts and #24 on the daily chart . Head over to Approaching Nothing's Facebook and rate or listen to a few tracks to help us . It only takes around five minutes . The more plays and ratings we have , the better we're ranked ! 
Keep helping us on SignMeTo and getting ready for tomorrow's show by watching a little bit of football . Oregon is going down ! And hoping I feel better by tomorrow , cursed cold going around :/ 
Well the show has come and gone , wish it had been longer but I had fun :) 
Can't sleep ... 
Wanting to try to learn acoustic guitar , any tips ? 
If you all have a problem with me tell me . 
people suck . 
Message me a number and I'll make a status for you if you want . 
#173 : I think you are talented and should pursue those talents . You have the ability to do it :) \ 
bloo : We've been friends for a very long time and I think it is funny how we were always in classes in high school together . Our friendship was rigged from the start and I miss you alot since you moved :( 
#696 : You are like a brother to me , that's obvious . We may not get along half the time but I'm almost certain that if I needed you there for something that you'd figure out a way . I wish we < PROPMALE > out more . \ 
#69120 : You are one of my closest friends and we pretty much only text . You believe in me and have faith I can do things . Not to mention you are a great friend . I wish I could return the favor . 
#74215 : Not really sure where we stood in high school but you seem to be a cool person and I don't know why we never got along . \ 
#1297 : You are a neighbor , kind of ish and I apologize for not stopping by to see you more considering we live like two houses away . It seems like you have some tough things going on but you seem to be there to see if I'm okay and I appreciate it . 
I hate that feeling that you are getting somewhere and you are further than when you started . 
wow . 
So who is going to my band Approaching Nothing's show tomorrow ? And if you forgot , you should come to Duffy's at 6 PM tomorrow and watch Approaching Nothing and my friend < PROPMALE > Slyter's band Murakami play . We need a lot of people there to prove to these venues that we can play with everyone else . 
I met some awesome people tonight and had a blast at my band's show . For once , I can say I am completely genuinely happy after a gig and that is saying a great deal . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > to all and an early < PROPFEMALE > Christmas for those who do nothing on the < PROPFEMALE > . 
I just got an acoustic guitar woooo ! but wow ... I can't believe it . Thank you sis :) 
I'm going to say it right now , I really think The Social Network deserves a Best Picture < PROPFIRST > . And I predict it will do well . If not , Toy Story 3 definitely will . 
Finding a girl and keeping a meaningful relationship is as easy as getting that last HDTV on Black Friday to the checkout without someone trying to steal it or you being shanked , attacked or punched . Yep , it's that simple . 
I never thought I'd say this but go Oregon . I'm tired of hearing about Cam < PROPMALE > . 
Hooray ! The Social Network won four < PROPFEMALE > Globes ! 
You look so pretty , you glitter like gold ... It's electric love . 
If your current impression of me was your last what would it be ? 
Very inspiring State of the Union address Obama . I hope people from both sides enlist more faith in you . 
Blah :/ 
This is getting old . 
I absolutely love how invisible I've become . :/ 
Tune in to Local Bandwidth tonight to hear my band Approaching Nothing play between now and 10 PM . 
I've begun to wonder what is up with people lately . 
Loving the new Lady Gaga song , \Born This Way \"!" 
What a night . 
happy vday 
Currently DJing on Studio 201 
has finished writing his seventh song on guitar . Going back to tweak them to sound good and get vocals down too . 
On Studio 201 , rough first hour but doing okay the second ... 
is it just me or is this year worse than the last ? 
Happy birthday dad 
RIP mom ( April 2 , 1952-March 15 , 2002 ) I love you . 
hope to see u at the show at duffys today ! 
has a lot thinking to do . 
knows now that everyone is just afraid to get into any type of conversation with me . Don't try to deny it . 
Happy birthday mom didn't forget ( April 2 , 1952 ) 
