Thanks < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > for the birthday wishes ! ^_^ And to < PROPMALE > ... I don't know about the niece or nephew . Maybe in five years or so . o.O 

www.twitter.com/APerchedDove 
Well , that is the only thing that has interested me on facebook ... EVER . So ... bye now . 
is listening to Howlin ' Wolf . <3 
uploaded photos from her recent photoshoot with Just Shoot Me Studio . 
So . Trivial . 
is freezing to death , maybe . 
Facebook is saying that I took some favourite foods quiz that I did not take . So BE WARNED : WHATEVER THAT QUIZ SAYS ARE MY FAVOURITE FOODS , IT'S A LIE . 
BECAUSE APPARENTLY SOMEONE HAS HACKED INTO MY ACCOUNT TO TAKE A FAVOURITE FOODS QUIZ , THUS SAYING THAT FOODS WHICH AREN'T MY FAVOURITE , ARE . 
I think it's really weird that people's family members are on facebook ( like mothers , aunts , etc . ) . If mine were , I would be like \Not cool\ " . Not that facebook is cool anyway . >.>" 
Photos from my Little Red Riding Hood shoot are posted ! <3 
I wish there were more interesting people on facebook . 
To everyone who keeps sending me Farmville requests or whatevers - don't . I do not play Farmville . I am never going to play Farmville because I have oh-so-many better things to do with my time . Thx . 
I'm watching a < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > concert live via livestream on here at facebook.com/ < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . That is what all of the random updates are about . Sorry everyone . 
Why does my cat insist on eating my make-up ? =( 
Show Me Your Teeth 
It's not how big . It's how mean . 
I couldn't be your friend . 
You only shoot blanks at your cocksure best . 
I wish I could take it all away for you . 
Facebook , I hate you . 
met him in a Guess World . 
Why ? 
I'd like to think I wouldn't die for you , but you know I would . 
I am not a jukebox . 
She's got a halo around her finger , around you . 
And the seasons , they go ' round and ' round , and the painted ponies go up and down . 
Reading can be risky ... 
She speaks in the third person so she can forget that she's me . 
o.O 
is so sleepy . 
C'mon , be my baby . 
I think I'm the only one in the world who thinks j-pop is shit . The only Loli , anyway . Oh well . I know what music is , and that ... that's not it . 
Counting your bees , oh me , < PROPFEMALE > like 1 ... 2 ... 3 ... 
Fortunately , it doesn't matter . 
Actually , I quite enjoy evenings alone . 
I've got an angel . She doesn't wear any wings . 
And is your punchline just a joke ? 
Blood - It's Nutritious ! :D 
I talk in cliches and cursory sentiments . 
I really want it to stop . 
I have mood swings , usually . 
When people say they hate food .... I think they are lying . Everyone loves food , at least most of the time . Food is good , damn it ! 
Can't forget the things you never said . 
Is there trouble ahead for you , the acrobat ? I won't push you , unless you have a net . 
A pretty boy with a nasty trace , a funny boy with an ugly face . Love is just a cautionary , momentary , reactionary lie . 
On Facebook because Twitter keeps fail whaling on me . :( 
The world is over . 
can't get warm . 
Vanity kicks in . 
He finally said to me that he had one last cigarette to smoke and it was time to give it up , but he laughed and added he wasn't sure which to give up - his life or the habit . 
I think I'm sort of happy . Well , I am happy . That's just hard for a pessimist to say . 
Lipstick , I <3 you . 
Actually , I really love being pale . And thin . And beautiful . 
I try to be like Grace < PROPFIRST > , but all her looks were too sad . 
Caught a lite sneeze , dreamed a little dream , made my own pretty hate machine . 
Ask me anything http://formspring.me/APerchedDove 
Those girls that smile kindly , then rip your life to pieces . 
So , what ? 
Smudged eyeliner , big hair . 
Someone said on that friends thing that I swear like a sailor . Lol , fuck you . 
I would liken you To a night without stars , Were it not for your eyes . I would liken you To a sleep without dreams , Were it not for your songs . 
stir crazy . 
All the dead are coming . I heard they're all dressing in something kind of maggoty ... 
I'm a fucking T-Rex . 
You're so full of it . 
won't be coming ' round here no more . 
Blonde hair , please . Now . 
Ask , please . :) http://www.formspring.me/APerchedDove 
Ew , creepers . 
doesn't care . 
To me , facebook is like that girl who sits at your lunch table . You don't really know her and she's kind of boring , but you talk to her anyway because she's there . 
It's all right , baby . I'm nobody's mother . Just don't want this last cigarette to be over ... 
St. < PROPFIRST > , don't you call me ' cause I can't go . I owe my soul to the company store . 
needs a job , very badly . :( 
doesn't mean to be a bitch , really . 
You're just jealous ' cause I'm pretty . 
is wearing her new dress and going to out for < PROPFIRST>'s < PROPFEMALE > . <3 
is ready to wear shorts , pick flowers , and get caught in the rain without freezing to death . 
Take my picture , Hollywood . 
wants to dye her hair peach . Rococo , y/y ? 
Ask . http://www.formspring.me/APerchedDove 
wonders , sometimes . 
It's Wednesday , and I still don't know what to do with my life . 
It's Thursday , and I still don't know what day it is . 
I'd like to grab you by the hair , and drag you to the devil . 
It's a shame , ain't natural for you . Baby , it's a sin to know you just can't win , when you are in . <3 
is going to be a make-up artist . 
never was a Cornflake girl , thought that was a good solution - hanging with the raisin girls . 
Don't take your guns to town , son . Leave your guns at home . 
She's gone to the other side ... 
left her feelings in Atlanta , < PROPFEMALE > . 
It's creeptastic . 
feels boring . 
<3 
really wants to dress in Antique Doll style and Gyaru soon . 
Up , and down . 
http://www.formspring.me/APerchedDove 
You better bring your own sun , sweet girl . <3 
All the girls here are freezing cold ... 
I am entirely too awkward . 
Bang , bang . 
enjoys saying very morbid things in a very sweet voice . 
Sugar hiccup while she reels . 
You're my Playground Love . <3 
is on a Cocteau Twins kick ? 
Sunblock gives me a false sense of security . 
I should tell you I'm disaster ... 
got a bad < PROPFEMALE > . 
almost ran over an angel ; he had a nice big fat cigar . 
All I want is for you to be okay . I'd give my life for you , just say the word . <3 
used to play make-believe . 
is writing love letters to people who don't exist . 
Spring fever . <3 
left her head and her heart on the dance floor . 
At night I lay at home with the sheets soaking wet , and a freight train running through the middle of my head ... 
Sad eyes , baby , it's been such a long time ... Keep my heart breaking in the dark . 
You can suck anything , but you know you want to be me . 
Will you kiss me through the window ? 
lost the fight . 
doesn't want to be bad news , but she is . 
wears heels bigger than your < PROPMALE > . 
You got a reaction , didn't you ? 
I'm the only one who can let you go . 
Baby , don't you bother tasting the water . 
Here's what it takes ... 
OCD livin ' . 
We are a fever , we are a fever . We ain't born typical . 
Just stick it in somewhere ; I'm sick of hearing it . 
wants to have a Gaga party . <3 
is greeting the monster in her Easter dress . 
And I won't say that he shouldn't have paid , but it wasn't my bullet . 
What it takes to be < PROPFEMALE > ... 
runs into your thought from across the room . 
I just killed my boyfriend . 
Leather and jeans - Garage glamourous . 
We're plastic , but we still have fun . <3 
Let me see your mean . 
Ever since puberty , everybody stares at me - boys , girls . I can't help it , baby . 
Let the weather have its way with you . 
doesn't want to be friends . 
is gonna find another place , maybe one she can stand . 
is counting the days . 
Darlin ' , I remember when I held the violets in my hand . Love can crush ; held too tight . We could bring it back alive . 
I knew that he was looking for some Indian blood , and find a little in you , find a little in me ; we may be on this road , but we're just impostors in this country , you know . 
Yes , you can laugh - a femme fatale , in a bride's dress , now married to the effortlessness of the cracks , that lie now in between the facts . 
can't stand the things that you do . 
has to learn to let you crash down . 
An angel's face is tricky to wear constantly . 
He's got me like nobody . 
They're watching my every sound . 
And I miss you . 
had a lovely photoshoot today . (: 
Oh , it was a funny little thing to be the ones to've seen . 
If my life were a movie , I would light a cigarette and the smoke would curl around my face . 
I don't want a sweetheart . I want a machine . 
has a real bad feeling about you . 
Don't wanna kiss . Don't wanna touch . Just smoke my cigarette and hush . 
I can't hear you . You're talking to yourself , and what you're used to - it don't work on no one else . I'm gonna teach you and keep you for myself . 
I'll pretend that this is real ' cause this is what I like best . 
ain't gonna come near you . 
has been married for one year today . <3 
I'm Southern . I like it that way . 
What is left ? What is right ? 
Call me ' evil ' , call me ' tide is on your side ' , anything that you want . 
You've been having you a wonderful crime . 
I left my heart in Versailles . <3 
has become obsessed with flight . 
With no loving in our souls and no money in our coats , you can't say we're satisfied . 
It's on , baby , let's get lost . <3 
Deck the Halls . I'm young again . I'm you again . 
You've got ripped jeans . I'm only nineteen . What do you wanna do ? 
Just because you caught me , does that make it a sin ? 
Daylight sucks . 
Pink champagne , mirror ball spinning round again in this wonderland where I met you . 
Your love is a deserter . 
Open your mouth , boy . 
My birthday's coming , and if I had one wish , yeah , you'd be it . <3 
We've got nothing left to lose but limousines and attitude . We're banking on us and , baby , it's crazy . <3 
I don't know why in your boy's life you become like a bull in a < PROPFEMALE > shop ; smash it up into smithereens . 
There's something , something about this place . Something about lonely nights and my lipstick on your face . <3 
You took me to the darkest place you knew and set fire to my heart . 
I've seen better days but I don't care . 
You were dead wrong , dead wrong , and now you're long gone . 
The shadows will break your heart . 
last night's parties and last night's horrorshow . 
You're right between Heaven and Hell and you're gonna need the good Lord to help you . 
To yearn admits you're outside to me . 
I know just exactly what is on your mind . 
You got me this time but I'll get you back . 
There's glitter in my peripheral vision . 
looks ugly . 
I hate the attention . 
I am red , you are blue . I'm old school and you're so new , but I guess I could forgive you tonight . <3 
Tight dress , red lipstick and a car to match . 
Everything could be everything , if only we were older . 
Hold on to nothing , as fast as you can . 
My heart is no lion , and I'm going to let him down . 
is getting lost in Wordsworth ; forgetting about the old dreams , and you . 
All of our secrets coming undone ... 
And if I'm wasting all your time this time , I guess you never learned to take . 
was meant for another time and place , where butterflies escaped the possibility of being smashed against car windows . 
My heart stopped pumping but my blood is still alive . 
Do you let signs tell you what to do ? 
I wish you'd never looked at me that way . 
I like it all that way . 
By the morning maybe we'll remember who I am . <3 
Doesn't take much to rip us into pieces 
You were wild ; Where are you now ? 
Her hair was long , her foot was light , and her eyes were wild . 
Whatever comes our way , you know I'm your girl ' til the end . 
Every time you leave it's too soon . 
I like the sway in your hips plus the way that your lips come together when you're saying some shit . 
You never call me by my name but I still want you . 
< PROPFEMALE > , let's not kid ourselves , that's the Devil with his fiddle . 
Is he real or a ghost lie ? 
I'm a child , and so are you so let's learn it all again . 
feels like skipping town . 
Put on your raincoat again ' cause even the sun's got a price on it . 
is a cold one . 
Things are getting kind of gross ... 
When we're not together just sing a little song ; blueberry kisses forever . <3 
is going to The Monster Ball in March . (: 
So , she's got a soft spot for heels and spurs . 
I sit in my house for days on end and stare at the roses in the closet . 
Dear as remembered kisses after death , / And sweet as those by hopeless fancy feigned/ On lips that are for others ; deep as love , / Deep as first love , and wild with all regret . 
Some dreams are worse than the truth . 
Well , nurses smile ; when you've got iron veins you can't stain their pretty shoes . 
But your face , it just keeps haunting ; sometimes it's all I see . 
There's beauty in that pain . Can you see it ? 
Well , her eyes , they're rubies and pearls . And she's not made like those other girls . 
the sunshine bores the daylights out of me . 
Don't think about us . 
Use that fame . 
She showed me her dreams - crumbled up like leaves from holding on too tight , scattered in their shoebox coffin on the cardboard walls covered with butterflies . 
Thought I knew myself so well ; all the dolls I had . Took my leather off the shelf . Your apocalypse was fab for a girl who couldn't choose between a shower or the bath . 
You're so full , of it . 
And I got what I got all despite you . And I get what I get just to spite you . 
dreamed that she was a cabaret singer in a burlesque show that involved dancing in large bowls of salmon mousse . Possible future career ? 
can't wait for her wonderful husband to get home from work . <3 
used to believe in innocence until she lost it . 
So you heard , I crossed over the line . Do I have regrets ? Well , not yet . 
you've got everything now and what a terrible mess 
thinking of india\ 
looking at popcorn stands\ 
watching the bull get the matador\ 
that's the best 
When can I go into the supermarket and buy what I need with my good looks ? 
And if a ten-ton truck kills the both of us , to die by your side , well , the pleasure , the privilege is mine . 
is on her way to Nashville to see Listener . <3 
And the problem is , we still think that we don't need each other . 
now I can see that her blood's red and she's got feelings and they always get spilled , both , without thinking . 
you are so sweet & I am so alone . <3 
can't stop . 
Someday some crazy son of a bitch is going to murder you . 
You call it love ; I call it a heart attack with a new sound . 
We're so much stronger than anything they've ever taught us to fear . 
and , darling , we go a-drowning . down we go , away . 
You're just an empty cage , girl , if you kill the bird . 
If I'm so evil , why are you satisfied ? 
Filthy glamorous . 
All we care about is runway models , Cadillacs , and liquor bottles . 
That's all I have to offer , I'm the cheap version of what you need . I'm a liar , I cheat and I steal ; it's all for me . 
And I swear that I don't have a gun . 
Tightlacing again . Twenty-inch waist , here I come . 
Now , you don't need money when you look like that , do you , < PROPFEMALE > ? 
You used to be so sweet to me . 
You'd every cause to doubt me , mein herr . 
Everybody's gotta love someone but I just wanna love you , dear . 
He's a wolf in disguise , but I can't stop staring in those evil eyes . 
I need you around . 
Sorry/ about the blood in your mouth . I wish it was mine . / I couldn't get the boy to kill me , but I wore his jacket for the longest time . 
can't stand anything in this town . 
The only place you'll wanna be is underneath my Christmas tree . 
I wish Jeremie < PROPFIRST > Dukes didn't have to go back to work tomorrow . 
If you can't dance to this , you can't do nothing for me baby . 
I'd be satisfied , electrified to know a guy what takes his time . 
Do you want this ? Say what you want . Say what you mean . We could talk lung to closed ear , head inside a hand , turning over again together . 
She's the second best killer I ever have seen . 
Come on join the bloodsport . 
wild child , full of grace , saviour of the human race . 
a seven nation army couldn't hold me back . 
Goodbye Babylon . 
He's so unreal , he's a mannequin - a synthetic , plastic , rubber man . 
My baby's on the level . 
had a good workout . Now , eating cake . 
No rest\ 
without love , \ 
no sleep\ 
without dreams\ 
of love -- \ 
be mad or chill\ 
obsessed with angels\ 
or machines , \ 
the final wish\ 
is love 
She's not broken ; she's just a baby . 
Your love is nothing I can fight . 
That awkward moment in winter when people complain about how pale they are and discuss the need to tan . 
Only difference between downtown & uptown is therapy & valium . 
don't think I'll confess 
Can't help myself , I'm in love . <3 
is ordering Jeremie < PROPFIRST > Dukes ' < PROPFIRST>'s gift . <3 Excited . 
Just give in . Don't give up , baby . Open up your heart & your mind to me . 
soft hair & a < PROPFEMALE > tongue , I wanna give you what you give to me . & every breath that is in your lungs is a < PROPFEMALE > little gift to me . 
I got a brand new game I wanna lay on you . 
Let's have a ball and a biscuit , sugar , and take our sweet little time about it . Let's have a ball , girl , and take our sweet little time about it 
Oh . baby , let's shake hands . 
keep my heart breaking in the dark , come & spend the night 
She's stretched out on a long white table . Well , she looks so good , so cold , so fair . 
You are no hero but I'll lie . 
The most beautiful thing , besides everything else God created , must be the blood that's running through your blue veins . 
has an addiction and its name is chocolate 
It's thinking of love . / It's thinking of stabbing us to death/ and leaving our bodies in the dumpster . / That's a nice touch , stains in the night , whiskey and kisses for everyone . 
we live a cute life . soundfanatic . pants tigh-ter than plastic , < PROPFEMALE > , but we've got no money . 
don't be a drag just be a < PROPFEMALE > . 
I'm on the right track , baby , I was born this way . <3 
I loved her too long . Don't love her too . 
Everything's cool as long as I'm getting thinner . 
She can flip her hair . I can flip you off . 
Sometimes I breathe you in and I know you know . 
I am all alone , dear . 
same DNA . 
The lights are staying out but - no sweat , I've got aim like a < PROPMALE > truck . 
I know that you would like , like to change me , make me softer to your voice like a baby . 
I hate it when people talk or write in length about how ugly they are . No one else is thinking of you that way so why are you ? 
What a world . Christmas once a year , girl . That's 364 tears , girl . So when Christmas finally comes & nobody's got a gun & you think it might be fun to < PROPFEMALE > around - think again , girl . 
I was shocked to look up and see < PROPFEMALE > Hayworth there in a place so seedy . 
I'm leaving for The Monster Ball tomorrow ! A lot to do before then . <3 
I feel you in my heart . 
Hair is set in curlers . Ready to get some beauty sleep and wake up to red lipstick , black lace , and leather . 
I'm gonna drink my tears tonight . I'm gonna drink my tears and cry . ' Cause I know you love me , baby . 
You taste just like glitter mixed with rock ' n ' roll . 
Ich trag den Namen Monster . 
I've seen the devil and it looks like that . 
Some girls want to hold your hand and some girls like to pray . Well , my girl takes her drinks with dust and < PROPMALE > razor blades . 
I love boobs . 
Put your hands on me , < PROPFIRST > F . Kennedy . 
And what I really want to do tonight is toughen you up . 
Don't be scared . 
Jeremie < PROPFIRST > Dukes , he's got me like nobody . <3 
I lost all memory of you and midnight . 
Could be a nail in my coffin and I don't need another one . 
Boy , if that girl don't have expensive tastes . 
