.... what a day .. 

yippee yay ... its friday .... u guys i look like iv been in a fight , my pup < PROPMALE > was doing laps around my bed playing and she clawed me real good ... under my eye . hope its healed b4 the 4th . 
.... take time to love . 
..... Im so ready for the fall , i love this time of year with the leaves turning colors and the weather getting cooler . Change is good . 
wishing you guys a happy halloween . 
im going as lil red ridinghood and my hun is the big badd wolf , lol . 
... life is a gift from god , what we choose to do with it ... is our gift to back to god . 
a hot cup of expresso is the best way to start a day , yummy . 
for all you cloudland canyon people , have fun this weekend . 
ohhh laah laa ... yes , the weekend is almost here . I Cant wait to spend time with my family PLAYING SOFTBALL . 
Danni and < PROPMALE > are getting Married ! He proposed this weekend . 
< PROPFEMALE > , im thankful that im female , lol . really i am . What a blessing it is !!! 
l ..... Life is a journey , not a destination . As long as you are alive , you are in the process of becoming . 
.... Sending out lots of love and appreciation to the veterans who serve our country and to there families . 
... day 2 of being thankful , Im thankful for my family and friends . 
... in relationships we either contribute or contaminate . 
day 3 , Im very thankful that im a mother . It warms my heart and soul . 
Lets see how many people can do this , Everyday this month until thanksgiving , think of one thing you are thankful for and post it as now , if you think you can do it , then repost this message as your status to invite others to take the challenge , then post what you are thankful for today . 
Day 4 , Im thankful that I live in the United States , That I'm an American . 
I'm a lil bored so im going to share this with you guys ... did you know that your forearm , The lenght between your elbow and wrist is the size of your foot , lol ... try it 
day5 . Wow , This is getting harder , that I love my lfe and each and every person in it . I love me , most days . ( i hope that doesnt sound arrogant . ) 
i still love AU . 
.... Anyone interested in going to see < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , who was in a motorcycle accident several months ago , he is slowly recovering but needs lots of love and support . Please , Contact me if you would like to go with me to see him next week . 
Day 6 . Im thankful for new beginnings , discovering and discarding . 
Day 7 . Im thankful for the fb tool , so i can communicate with all of you guys ...... MmmmmwwwwaaauUH . This is my last day of the thankful challenge . thank god . lol , Why is it that once i have to do something everyday i begin to really dislike it . Routine is dull ... 
... live in the light 
Namaste , hope everyone is enjoying this beautiful Autumn day . 
you guys i am sooo in love with this new read , exploring the levels of creation , in a fantacy world , i would never come out .... i would just read my life away , lol . happy friday everyone . 
Under the influence of love , Everything in your life gets better . Your sense of inner freedom expands . You realize that you are free to love , free to be , free to create the good life you envision . Ands so your life becomes the joyful journey that god promises . 
.... today , I'm spending thanksgiving brunch with my favorite people , my beautiful family . 
How do we train ourselves to listen inwardly ? How do we re learn the language of the soul ? Spirit is always orchestrating our lives and guiding us . But to decode its messages we have to dismiss negativity and fear . We have to close the door on the chaos of the world . Listening in silence helps us to experience spirit . 
the power of looove ...... such a beautiful thing . 
... Intuition is your inner voice forever pressing you to keep giving birth to a new self . Wisdom of the Spirit 
peppermint cheesecake , umm , mmm , good . 
Great Spirit , May every phase of my life be blessed . May my thoughts of fear not block your miracles . May I age into a deeper love . May the world not blind me to you . < PROPFEMALE > Williamson 
.... Sending you guys a big kiss , MmmmwwwaaauUH , have a great weekend !!! 
.... I wouldnt last 5 mins in Michigan , lol , waaay to cold for me . 
< PROPFEMALE > .... daa ...... Christmas is almost here , You Guys im just Not feeling it this year , bahhh humbug . 
Enjoyment , Enthusiasm and ahhh yeah , acceptance ..... It is what it is . 
.... thank you for all the love on my B-Day . This is my 1st bday on facebook so it was quite a suprise to see all the fb messages , you guys are so sweet , looove you and thank you . 
..... hoping everyone experience's the magic of christmas . 
.... legends say that hummingbirds float free of time , carrying our hopes for love , joy and celebration . The hummingbird's delicate grace reminds us that life is < PROPMALE > , beauty is everywhere , every personal connection has meaning and that laughter is life's sweetest creation . Welcoming the new year , 2010 . 
... okay , everybody is talking about snow , I want to see more than a flake . lol . 
Happy b-day < PROPMALE > , he would be 75yrs old and i bet he'd be one SEXY old man , lol . He was a truely one of a kind . 
on my way to burnt hickory . 
ok , me at 16 . i cant believe im posting this . lol . 
I ran over a baseball bat in my car because thats how i roll . 
one of those restless nights , lol , i read for an hour , im still awake and bored so im going to explore the internet . 
..... happy 17th bday , Addison . Mmmmmwwwwaaaauh , sending you all my love . 
..... You can transend all negativity when you realize that the Only power it has over you is your belief in it . As you experience this truth about yourself you are set free . E i l e e n C a d d y 
There no shortcuts to any place worth going . B e v e r l y S t i l l s , b . 1929 
Links to Addison Football pics http://www.rgvsports.com/sections/article/gallery/?pic=2&id=5651 http://www.rgvsports.com/sections/article/gallery/?pic=1&id=5298 
hope is the thing with feathers that perches in the soul and sings the tune without the words , and never stops at all . E m i l y D i c k i n s o n ( 1 8 3 0-1 8 8 6 ) 
Courage is , with love , the greatest gift . We are , each of us , deafeted many times- but if we accept defeat with cheerfulness , and learn from it , and try another way- then we will find fulfilment . R o s e a n n e - A m b r o s e - B r o w n 
I have a lot of things to prove to myself , One is that I can live my life fearlessly . O.W. 19 5 4 
Where there is Great Love there are always MIRACLES . W i l l a C a t h e r 1876 
You gain strength , courage , and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face . You must do the thing you Think you cannot do . E l e a n o r R o o s e r v e l t 
You really never lose until you quit Trying . M i k e D i k a 
yummy , hershey's milk chocolate and a bannana . A delicous lil afternoon snack . 
If you & I woke up in jail together ... using only 4 words ... what would you say to me . Copy & paste this to your status and see what funny things your friends say ... 
... YOU are everything that is , your thoughts , your life , your dreams come true . You are everything you Choose to be . You are as unlimited as the endless universe . S h a d H e l e m s e t t e r . 
i was working on my To Do List around the house and now i have great stuff , ( insulating foam sealant ) all over my fingers , lol , and this is so annoying ... 
cant believe January is almost over ... 
When you are truely free , you are infinitely flexible in any situation . D e e p a k C h o p ra 
..... its a full < PROPFEMALE > , need i say more . 
We are either living in Love or fear , i was in anxiety mode , thinking about my To Do List of things needed to be done today until i remembered this . 
we either choose to manage our life , or ... we let our life manage us . 
When you speak from your heart and say the words your soul has only dared to whisper , thats when miracles happen . 
its a good day for sushi , Im hungry , I cant wait . 
is trying not to judge people . 
..... happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few dops on yourself . R a l p h - W a l d o - E m e r s o n 1 8 0 3 -1 8 8 2 
.... unbelievable , i have 4,170 yahoo messages , lol , I will be deleting for a week . 
Some Day , after we have mastered the winds , the waves , the tides and gravity we shall harness the energies of Love . Then , for the second time in history of the world , man will have discovered fire . P e i r r e -T e i l h a r d- C h a r d i n ( 1881-1995 ) 
Teaching is done in many ways , above all by example . Teaching should be healing , because it is the sharing of ideas , Teach only Love for that is what you are . A C I M .... Happy Valentines weekend . 
...... It's snowing , there is something so beautiful about white fluffy , flakes of snow falling from the sky , covering the ground . I looove it !! 
.... thanks guys For All The Love , Happy V-day . Im missing my kids on this day . 
the snow is gone , not a trace of it . 
Life is a gift . 
... within our dreams and aspirations we find our opportunities . S u e- A t c h l e y- E b a u g h 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? beautiful ? DAUGHTER ? ? in the ? world .. I• *¨* • . ¸¸KNOW¸ . • *¨* •I• *¨* • . ¸¸DO 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? amazing ? SON ? ? in the ? world .. I• *¨* • . ¸¸KNOW¸ . • *¨* •I• *¨* • . ¸¸DO 
... happiness is contagious . It spreads quickly when shared freely . When it catches up with us , the cares of the day are immediately lightened . Every struggle is eased by laughter . 
bla bla bla .... hopefully i'll be more inspired by the next half of this day . 
.... cant wait to spend time with my sista's tomorrow . 
the color of your bra recently made Facebook news , BUT WILL THIS ? Lets support our Troops . If you support our Troops then please post this on your status . 
Everyone has talent . What is rare is the courage to follow the talent to the dark place where it leads . -- E R I C A J O N G -- 
I just had a lil finch fly in the house , and im happy that i was able to get him out with no injuries , poor lil scared bird . 
? LIVE . ø¤º°¨¨¨°º¤ø ? LOVE¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ? LAUGH„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤„ø¤ ? LAUGH„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸ ? LIVE¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸„ø ? LOVEº°¨„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ? LOVE ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º ? LAUGH¨¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤¨°º¤ø ? LIVE¨¨°¤ ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø „¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ? 
.... my Addison is coming home . 
.... everyone wear ye green tomorrow , and have a happy st. < PROPFEMALE>'s day . 
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched , they must be felt with the heart . - H e l e n K e l l e r- 
...... hope you guys have a fabulous friday . 
..... i have the sweeetest daughter in da world !!!! Taylor-Paige you Rock 
Much of wisdom often goes with fewest words . -Sophocles 
Remember that when you take inventory of the things you treasure most , none will have been purchased with money . 
Iv learned that in every face -to- face encounter , regardless of how brief , we leave something behind . 
... had the best day with my son . 
Acim is cancelled tonight , meeting is scheduled for next wed . 
.... today is a fabulous day , no sinus headache . You guys enjoy your friday ! 
... in my bedroom , night stand . 
It's going to be a quiet day for anyone around me , I've lost my voice , due to the pollen . loll . .. This should be interseting because I have a teacher's conference for my Addison . fun- fun 
If you fail , be sure it's a result of dreaming too big , not thinking too small . :) 
< PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , Court , Mom , Burnie , < PROPFEMALE > and family- you guys send Paige'e some love and encouragment for her soccer game tonight . thx- love ya ! 
.... for all you Mommies out there , enjoy your family and your weekend . 
Life is so precious , hold your loved ones close because no one knows what tomorrow will bring . 
14 years ago on this day I held my daughter for the 1st time , Happy Birthday , < PROPFEMALE > , you are my heart and soul . I love you sweet pea 
... as i get ready to go to bed tonight I'm filled with such love and appreciation for all the people in my life , I adore you all and each and Everyone of you has touched my life in some way . Thank you , I'm truely blessed . Namaste 
... Where there is great LoVe there are always Miracles ! W i l l a C a t h e r ( 1 8 7 6 -1 9 4 7 ) 
It's Friday , I'm looking fwd to a great weekend . 
... remember that you Become what you practice Most . 
Accepting looks at what it sees w-out judgment ,. It doesn't put labels on things . Accepting has friends of every color and religion . It walks on both sides of the tracks . Accepting doesn't decide whether something is good or bad . Accepting allows what is to be what is . :) 
Childlike is a giggle , the delight in a rainy day and a muddy puddle . Childlike has wide , eager eyes ready to drink in experience and try new things . It is sweet energy , soft and gentle . Childlike acts from loves and embraces everything as a possible adventure . It hugs everything . Childlike never has to try . It just does and then delights in the doing . 
Graceful is a ballet dancer on stage . It is controlled and quiet , beautiful and flowing . Graceful allows . It uses its strength to make the difficult look easy . Graceful moves from one place to the next withiut obvious effort . It breathes in peace and exhales satisfaction . Graceful is always loose and flexible . Graceful is a feather floating gently to the ground with perfect simplicity . 
Passionate is an exciting child with a favorite toy . It is an avid fisherman waking up at the crack of < PROPFEMALE > to try out a new < PROPMALE > . Passionate is enthusiasm dressed up in its best suit . It is a lover , 0a worker , and a player . It is a focused adult and an eager child . Passionate Lives and Breathes What It Loves . It is the Celebration of Doing . 
Splice ..... dont do it ! It was a waste of $ . lolllll 
Generous is a small child with a mushy peanut- butter-and jelly sandwhich . It likes to toddle up to other people and offer them a bite . Generous believes in abundance , and and it knows there is enough for everyone . It is as happy giving as recieving , and it enjoys seeing others get what they . Generous is like the big blue sky . Its very exsistence touches others in a warm and wonderful way . 
Fun-Loving is a whirling dance on the beach . It is a giggle in a quiet room . Fun-loving is open to possibility . Fun loving finds enjoyment in anything that could be fun . Fun Loving doesn't mind being alone . It doesn't search for it's entertainment . It expects it . And then fun loving becomes it , with a bouncing leap of glee . 
Thoughtful is aware of others . It opens doors for people , remembers birthdays , and brings hot lemonade to friends suffering with a cold . Thoughtful knows just what to give and when to give it . It knows just what to say and when to say it . Thoughtful is a butterfly with bright wings of support that lands on the shoulders of others . Thoughtful reaches out , beyond itself , to wrap the world in caring . 
Present is a spotlight on what is . It's single -minded and totally attuned to the task at hand . Present lives only in one moment , not concerned about the next one . Present is clear . It does not get distracted . It is never in two places at once . It never tries to be something other than what it needs to be . Present is the perimeter around every action , the frame within which every picture is displayed . 
Persistent wears comfortable hiking boots because it knows it has to go to the end of the trail . It doesnt get stopped by blisters , aching muscles , bad weather , or other people . Persistent might sit down to rest a bit , but it never gives up . 
Open-minded is a puppy-eager and ready . It is bright-eyed and alert , knowing that anything it sees or hears or feels or tastes might be wonderous . Open-minded has no shame . It is proud of what it is and accepting of mistakes . Just as it expects to experience life's beauty it knows its own beauty . Open-minded believes there is no point in closing the door on seeing or speaking the truth . :) 
Happy Friday everyone , Today I'm going to practice more love and tolerance , I've been snappy , judgmental and critical lately . I choose to be stress-free and happy today . 
opps i did it again . lollll 
... say what you mean , mean what you say and dont say it mean . loll 
Self- aware is a well - examined flower . Self- aware knows its own heart . It sees every flat surface and every crease of what it is . It is not afraid of its own darkness . It celebrates it's light . It hears its own voice and it knows it scent . Self -aware embraces all aspects of what it is . Self- aware is its own best friend . Self- aware is love . 
is looking forward to spending the next couple days with my family !!!! 
back from the 4th wth family , loved the cabin and lake . 
..... Loooves my family and friends ! 
..... Live , Laugh , Love , Leap , Learn and Listen . 
?? \ 
Wish heaven had a phone so that I could hear your voice again ... I\ 
thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you\ 
yesterday , and days beforethat too . I think of you in silence , I\ 
often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a\ 
frame . ... Re-post this if you have someone in heaven ... that you miss ... 
is missing my Sista's :) 
Happy bday , dad . 
loooves my paigey-pooh . :) 
