al ; kjdfff . I need a new job . 17 hours ? REALLY ?! 

I wish I'd been there for < PROPMALE > before he felt he had to take the gun to his head ... 
Shiny new meds ... 
My fancomic is awesome . Now I just need to finish it . 
Yay , finished fancomic ! 
Shouldn't spend money ... but I WANTS TO . 
I . Hate . Work . 
Looking forward to Brownies and D&D ... but not at the same time , lol . 
I HAVE A BROWNIE IN MY POCKET . <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 
< PROPFIRST > EN < PROPFIRST > !!! 8D 
Escapizm 
COOKIE ! <3 <3 
Stay in your box . >=( 
think I ate too much last night ... =( 
Waiting for DnD and AWA . <3 <3 
May not be able to go to DnD tonight . D= 
Planning and plotting for AWA ~ As well as making a costume that shall be epic . 
AWA AWA AWA AWA AWA !!! 
Parents ... procrastinating ... >.< ++ 
YAY AWA ! AWA AWA AWA AWA ... 
At AWA . Be back Sunday ~ 
is back from AWA . 8D 
feelin ' good after AWA . It didn't disappoint . <3 Was struck with some buyer's remorse earlier , but now that I'm enjoying the stuff I got , it's gone . Totally worth every cent . Now , to learn to make bentos ... 
Bento box ! <3 
Bento was yummy . <3 
There are times my dad can be a real ass . Like tonight . 
is creating a character the complicated and fun way ... now why isn't school this fun ? 
is confused . 
It feels SO good to have the ' rents out of the house . I feel like half my stress has left with them ... I should encourage this \leaving for a few days\ " thing ... " 
UGH . Dogs , ruining my good sleep ... 
work work work . 
keeps dreaming of D&D folks ... 
frightened over very real and very unlikely things ... I hate these moods . 
comforted by my life . 
DID NOT DREAM OF D&D FOLKS last night . Whew . Thought I was going crazy there . 
Still have the Too-Much-Meat stomachache . DDX 
eating veggies and waiting to go to Agnes ~ 
Is stressed . Nasty vibes going around again ... 
Shower , clean , pack , leave ... 
Avoiding family drama by doing NOTHING . =) Ftw . And maybe some KH2 
Waiting for D&D ... and trying to forget how little money I actually have . D= 
working on drawing my cards ! <3 
NEEDS TO FIND HER PRISMACOLORS . 
Found the colored pencils ! Yay ! <3 
Slept in late because of the rain . YAAAWN . Rain makes me sleepy and content . 
Ran into an old friend from Pope today . =) 
Is looking forward to meeting < PROPFEMALE > peeps for her birthday tonight ! 
is going to Arkansas for vacation ? 
sorry < PROPFEMALE > ! I forgot to log out of your facebook and into my own . < PROPFEMALE>'s friend < PROPFEMALE > is going to Arkansas for vacation ! 
Had a nightmare on my birthday . fml . 
Yesterday was SO MUCH FUN . Introduced the gang to < PROPFIRST > of my DnD group , meanwhile forgetting just how unwise it is to let < PROPFIRST > around any sort of weapon , fake or not . Cake was delicious , too . ^___^ 
is wearing new Penguin Ghost pajamas . <3 
knit knit knit . 
Is worrying about life . D= 
It sucks to be me ! 
Undead Mutant Wild West on the mind ~ 
won't be able to make it to Tuesday DnD . T T-T T 
would like to dream for days at a time . 
Back to fic writing . Hopefully , I'll FINALLY be able to finish this chapter ! 
Got one line done on fic writing . Back to reading and knitting . DX This fic will NEVER be finished ! 
yeah , not driving through cats and dogs to decatur tonight ... 
Halloween party was funnn . Hope friends had fun at Imagine too . 
Drawing my fancomic again 
Car brakes are out . F . M . L . >.< 
And now I have to go in at 6 AM again . Fffffff ... 
I should do awesome things while my parents are out of town . 
needs to find some 1inch diameter smooth , round stones ... River rocks of all different colors , about 30 of them . Any suggestions on where to buy good ones ? 
Is feeling happy and hyper on her day off ... I'mma go play video games ! 
Fricking CAR ! The ONLY one that I have that works breaks down in a friends driveway ! ... at least it wasn't at the bank ... 
Between a movie , computer upgrade , and parents coming home , on top of cleaning the house , this will be a BUSY day . 
The dinner , the ONLY reason I came home when I did , isn't happening tonight . What . 
Is sad that she's reached the end of Darths and Droids . It was such a pleasant addiction ; a shame that I couldn't have started it when it was finished ... ( if it ever will be , lol , at this pace ) 
Brownie #2 now at home ! 
Is working on creating her D&D World(s ) and some possible first quests . Also , I brought back the Random Encounters ! Woot ! 
has the strange < PROPFEMALE > to conform for conformity's sake 
Is so excited for Saturday ! 
Don't bother calling me on my cell phone tomorrow or the next day . I don't think it will work . If you need me , call me at home . 770 578 4712 
New phone , you can call me again ! Unfortunately , I don't have any of my previous saved contacts . =( So sorry guys , I can't call you . 
wonders why a 20 year old should have to report to mother and father what time she's coming home when she has HER OWN KEY to the house . 
Is on the hunt . >=D 
was pissed , is now confused . And BTWs , when I said I wanted my life to be like a novel , I meant an adventure novel . I never wanted to be a < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > . fml . 
Internet is FINALLY no longer fail ! 
is dredging up good and bad memories by reading through old RPs ... 
guh . Burned our leftovers . Now I feel awful . 
wants $200 so she doesn't have to make difficult decisions . 
A very happy Christmas to everyone on here ! I'll be back on the 26th , or late late tomorrow night ! 
Great Christmas . Everyone liked all their gifts , got to see all the family , and even though I got a double gift , I can exchange it for something else I really like , so it's no big deal . I'm very content right now . AND I'm not feeling as sick ! Huzzah ! 
Avatar was so win . 
wants moar Othello . 
This new year will be awesome . <3 
addicted to RP sites ... 
Wonders if she'll be able to go to DnD tomorrow , with the entrance to her neighborhood an ice trap . 
Doesn't have to post today ? o.O 
Worked 5 hours longer than she was supposed to . DX 
Is going to work on levelling until 4 ... 
Wants to sleep more . 
is busy , but feelin ' good . 
unfrozen fish food smells like death , btw . 
Was feeling ick yesterday after being unable to give blood , and then STILL having to wait until April to try again ! But today went pretty well . After work , though , I have no idea what to do . And tomorrow , I have to translate CPR into a language I can barely speak anymore , though reading and hearing are fine . Ugh . Can't wait till D&D Saturday . 
Yesterday was busy but so much fun ! Also , need to coordinate a good long visit to < PROPFEMALE > 
Is coming to < PROPFEMALE > Saturday morning ! Have to leave by 4 , though . 
Wants a < PROPFEMALE > ... but must wait until at least her next paycheck ... >.< 
wow , I've got one hella week ahead of me . @_@ 
Visiting < PROPFEMALE > in about an hour ! Call me if you want to get together ! 
Is back from < PROPFEMALE > . Now on to DnD 
My week has officially started . It will end 30 work hours from now ; worked 10 today . 
Planning on going to < PROPFEMALE > sometime either Monday or Thursday . Input ? 
getting kind of late today , so I'll just go to < PROPFEMALE > Thursday night . 
Well , today was interesting . It pissed me off . 
And now I'm off to Decatur ! Oh wait . where am I going to sleep ? D= 
Back from Decatur ! Thanks for the rooming , Ginia ! 8D 
\We'd rather make our children Martyrs than Murderers \"" 
Working working working ! 
Is becoming too lazy to work on DH stuff , but preparing in any case . 
Last night was perhaps the most awesome Sci-fi RPG I've ever played . Full of heresy , shooting folks , daemons , and intrigue , I can't wait for the week after next . 
Happy Easter , everyone . Mine was filled with fun and rage . 
Waiting for time to pass so fun things can happen 
Great weekend , but a busy week ahead . Good news : I have things to keep me entertained and SANE during the week . 
has a reprieve this week , but hopes next week is busier . 
needs moar knittan . 
realises that if life were some grand story , she'd be the tragic death that never lived up to her awesome potential . 
is going to look for a new job as soon as I know if I'm going to college next semester . I'm tired of working my ass off and getting paid the minimum allowed by law for it . 
Cell phone got washed again . I think I still have everyone's contact info , though if you didn't send it to me last time , I'd appreciate it this time . 
Greeeeat ... found out the reason why low-frequency noises sound like drumlines is because of a busted eardrum ... not like this hasn't happened before , so at least I know what to do to protect my ear . 
thinks the fish ( which belongs to her MIA friend ) is going to die soon ... whar be < PROPFEMALE > ? D= 
Well , that fish died ... as did its partner in crime , which was a big surprise to me ... think it might have been bacteria or parasite related ... 
had a horrible dream last night . D= So glad it had that one element of unrealism in it , or I'd be panicking . 
So far this week has consisted of tired and grumpy . Can't wait for the weekend . 
Got some free dice with her new earrings . In a happy place right now , even though I'm covered in milkshake and smell like death plant . 
Reading the special leatherbound gilt 50th anniversary edition of LOTR , I am again reminded just how much of a masterpiece it really is . 
So apparently that kid in the hat that came in to Chick-Fil-A today is famous ? Whatever . I've never heard of him . Some < PROPFIRST > kid . 
Back from vacation ! Got new jewelry and chunky yarn ; will have to start another knitting project soon . 
Krivoverje ! 
Today . This thing just needs to end , so I can be one step closer to Saturday and not stressed over miscommunications . 
Got a new bathing suit today ! 
Today ... I HELD A FROGGIE . Oh , and other fun stuff happened too . 
finished knitting two hats . Today is a good day . 
Computers or < PROPMALE > . That is the question . 
Should probably finish more projects before starting on her Samhain hat ... 
I had a dream I couldn't draw . And then I woke up . 
Has a newfound love for < PROPFIRST > Cheese . 
Has rediscovered the joys of Sims 3 . 
Is on a Voodoo Daddy bend . Anyone have any jazz favorites ? Feeling jazzy . 
ffff These quizzes need to stop posting things to my profile unless I comment on them . 
Had loads of fun today with Havi , but somehow now is feeling awfully lonely . 
Is now officially registered for classes ! Now , to debate if I want to change my schedule at all ... 
Feels like a valuable human being thanks to a random Anon . <3333 
is seriously not feeling well . Will stay in bed and try to keep cool , and hopefully this will go away soon . Until then , I suppose headaches and fever shall be my friends . =( 
Is seriously feeling better , and ready for two weeks off of work to get adjusted to school before somehow juggling both ! 
WHY , One Piece ... WHYYYYYY ~ 
Is trying to figure out when she should go conning this month . 
has decided to go to D*con starting at 7:30 Friday Morning . YOU GUYS SHOULD TELL ME IF YOU'LL BE THERE FRIDAY . 
Change of plan . going SUNDAY now instead of friday , after much arguing with the parents . Same rules apply as before . 
Had an EXCELLENT time at D*con , and plan on going two days next year instead of one , if studies allow . 
Has consulted her Academic Advisor , and decided on a < PROPMALE > . I feel so proud now . Now , to plan out the next four years of college ... 
has the Dragon*Crud 
This Friday : Work and projects . Next Friday : < PROPFEMALE > , unless something comes up . =) 
School , why are you so cruel to me ? Sleep , why are you so necessary ? Wish I hadn't collapsed last night . I'd be able to print out my worksheet today ... 
thought today would be a bad day , but things are dramatically looking up . ... I think I really like Kennesaw . Somehow , it turns my dread into hope . 
Needs to get rid of this damn cough . It's been around for two weeks , and I JUST CAN'T SHAKE IT . 
is inspired with no vent . Being at school is now not fun . 
is excited to get this show on the road . And by ' show ' I mean ' game ' . And by ' on the road ' I mean ' in the works ' . Since I'm home and have resources and all . 
is exhausted , but at least after a shut down , MiniK is working properly again so I can study for my test . Also , not going to < PROPFEMALE > this week , but I promise I'll be down there soon . Maybe next week . =) 
October's going to be sooo busy , but hopefully it'll make way for a wonderful November ! 
Busy world-creatan and school-workan . Also , needs to get a vote on the spoooooky gaming night . 
is trying to create a new spell ... who knew it would be this HARD to figure out ONE ASPECT of it ! 
shall continue world creatan until there is no more world to create . 
I like it over the side of the bed or couch . 
Minan and plottan 
is finding her happy place after a day of sick and bleh . 
Why is it on my birthday that all the card nerds disappear and are replaced with introverted vidyas ? 
Thanks for all the well wishes you guys ! =D 
Working on stuff for One-Shot ... 
minan and plannan 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using ONLY FOUR words , what would you say to me ? ( NOTE : If you comment , copy and paste this into your status . Be fair ; play along . ) 
I think for my first time GMing this system , I had a modest success . Should have looked into that evil little girl , though . 
I've been to /b/ twice . I've enjoyed neither visit . 
What is this \election\ " thing and why is it not showing up ? D= I voted at 7:20 this morningggg ~~" 
If I send you a message to a link on Steam , DON'T CLICK IT . I think a bot has hacked my account . Looking into this now . 
is mildly perturbed that only three candidates she voted for made it into office . =/ At least three is better than zero , but it's just disgusting how nobody votes third party when everyone hates both main parties ' candidates . 
.. Aaand now my Steam account is disabled . Great . 
Had fun last night , and looking forward to tonight ! 
Feels like she needs to plan more when she GMs . Party can move fast when they have their minds set to it ... 
If anyone ever asks you , drawing maps of actual cities , even small ones is SO HARD . 
longs for the day when \complete family\ " is defined as the presence of more than one parent . Period . " 
must be swift as a coursing river . 
Is having a great thanksgiving filled with video games and family , even a surprise or two along the way ! Hope everyone else enjoys their harvest feast ! 
Today was a good day . I can honestly say nothing bad happened today . 
It's this time of year already ? It seems like just 2 months ago it was this time last year ... 
I am convinced that next year will be better than this . And this year was hella good . 
Ia ! Ia ! Cthulhu Fhtagn ! 
Two finals left , and only one of those is a test . 
First snow of this winter . Beautiful . 
Ohgod , the ice . Not this again . 
However long it took , mass combat was fun . Ohgod , the apocalypse . 
Can't wait for Friday , and then the Friday after ! 
Happy Christmas , everyone ! Hope you all have fun with whoever you're spending the day with ~ 8D 
The Work is done . Knitted a hat with 9 colors . Made some mistakes , but overall I think it went well ! 
Rest in Peace , Spike . The Eternal Sleep will be perfect for one who loved sleeping so much . You were a good dog . 
Feels a little ... eeeeevil . 
Evil ... is a relative thing . God kills indiscriminately , and so shall we . Love Interview , just thought I'd put it out there . 
I kind of want to kill the KSU registration right now . I could only sign up for two courses on days I don't want to go to school . a ; gjirns . 
I AM SIGNED UP FOR FOUR CLASSES . TAKE THAT , KSU . <3 
there is ... over 5 inches of snow on my car . Probably drifted off the trees , but still ... wow . 
I somehow have a feeling that this semester I'll put more into savings than what I want ... just based on the year so far . About 100 shorter in my spending account than I'd like ; of course , after paying for vet visits ( and being reimbursed to my other account ) , this shouldn't be a surprise . 
Snowed in another day . Grr . Maybe I can get out this afternoon . 
PLEASE put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable , and in case you didn't know , they can breathe poison . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the bunker , armed with gas masks . The remaining 1% are awesome , and will re-post this . Will you ? 
I've had enough of you , professor , you and the rest of the world that says I can't work in any computer field because I don't know how to program . I came to college to LEARN , jerk . 
So the GIANT bear I'm getting for my boyfriend for < PROPFIRST>'s shall be named Wine , we have decided . He can't know what it is until I give it to him , though , so shhh . 
I think traditions exist to make ordinary life not boring ; of this I approve . Too bad what few traditions family had have been broken by now . 
Scarfie scarfs . <3 And then I must finish abandoned projects . All of this being , of course , in non-existant free time . Wish me luck ! 
... I guess I really AM working for the Evil Empire ... 
arglgarbl . Whoever said making a resume was easy was lying . 
Now that I'm about to go to sleep , I do feel a purge is necessary ... 
Update , because I feel it is necessary more than anything : My 95-year-old grandfather is expected to stop breathing any time now . 
Loves reading bumper stickers . 
Last night saw a tractor trailer that dove halfway through a car ... if < PROPFIRST > and Mikael hadn't stopped at the ATM , we would've been there . It's times like these I'm grateful I'm alive . 
