By my dad's request , I finally made a facebook account . If this is anything like every other networking site I've ever joined , I'll be really active for a while and online all the time , then little by little come on less and less until eventually I never sign in again until months or years later . My myspace account is proof . 

Yes ! It took ..... * counts on fingers * a few hours , but I FINALLY finished all my laundry ! Now I have to fold it . 
What's taking the financial aid office so long ?? I've been on hold for almost half an hour now ! 
Just registered for Saboten Con Halloween weekend ! I can't wait to go ! 
Just finished watching the video I made after graduation . Now I feel sad and miss high school . 
My birthday's today , woohoo ! I'm turning eighteen ! Now I can vote and play the lottery and buy porn and cigarettes and stay out as late as I want ! Not that I'll be doing any of that ( except maybe voting ) but still , hooray for being a legal adult ! 
I'm still in my pajams . 
I'm craving cereal , but there's no more milk . 
Bah , Farmville's getting on my nerves . It won't load . 
UUUUUUUUGGGHH !!! It's 10:30 at night ! Someone make the people upstairs either shut up or have sex quieter ! They're up there screaming like they're being stabbed , and the vibrations made my roommate's poster fall off the wall ! 
I'm wearing a scarf and gloves in my dorm right now . I wish the heater worked . 
Just got back from eating sushi . Fuku Sushi is my favorite restaurant on campus ! 
got a package from her mom today . She sent a big box full of cookies . I'm gonna have to start distributing them . 
is leaving today to go home for Thanksgiving !! 
wishes everybody a Happy Thanksgiving !! 
I can't wait until next weekend . Me and my friends are going to see New < PROPFEMALE > so we can make fun of it and add snarky/sarcastic commentary . 
needs to go shopping . All that's left to eat is a plastic baggy of pecans and cereal . 
is sleepy because she had to cups of hot chocolate . 
is questioning why she's still awake at 4 AM 
saw \Passion of the Christ\ " last night with some of my friends from church . I knew it was going to be a downer but DANG . I haven't felt this down since my cat died three years ago . " 
I meant to start my laundry oday since I have no clean clothes . So why haven't I ? 
Some guy upstairs was just tripping out a few minutes ago . It was actually pretty scary . 
It's eleven at night . Why am I craving sushi ?? 
just got back from Fuku Sushi . I had the spicy tuna and spicy yellowtail , my two favorites . 
got an enormous package from her mom yesterday with enough food to last a month . Too bad the semester ends in three days . 
HAPPY NEW YEAR !!!!! 
is such a loser . I misread my schedule and went to the wrong class this morning and didn't even realize it until I looked back over my schedule after class . 
Someone make me do my homework . I suck at self-motivation . 
feels like taking a nap . I must be getting old . 
is going to be having nightmares for the next few weeks thanks to that stupid . gif someone sent me . 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Smart . 7 : Moody . 8 : Dumb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Tough . 17 : Cute . 18 : Unique 
Is determined to study hard and do well in her astronomy class . This isn't even about needing the credits anymore ; it's personal . 
would like to find the idiot that said chocolate fixes everything and give ' em a backhand with her ring hand . 
just took a three hour nap and feels great . 
wishes her Spanish teacher came with subtitles . Most of the time I can't understand a thing she's talking about . This class wouldn't be so difficult if she explained things in English . 
managed to finish all her homework for all her classes without having to pull an all-nighter ! Go me ! 
is freaking out about her Spanish and astronomy tests tomorrow ! 
is going home for the weekend . I'm excited , but at the same time it kind of sucks because I just found out in my last class that next week we won't have class Friday , so I basically have a three-day weekend . 
My ankle is killing me . I tripped while I was walking to my astronomy class this morning and twisted it . 
just got back from urgent care not too long ago . The doctor said my ankle's not fractured or anything ( THANK GOD ) , but the sprain's pretty bad since I walked around on it a lot . I got some crutches and a gel icepad type thing for the swelling . I should be all better in about a week . 
doesn't have any classes tomorrow ! 
My ankle's healed enough that I can kinda sorta almost walk on it . :) I'll have to limp everywhere , but I'll take that over wrestling with a pair of crutches . Those things made my arms/shoulder area sore . 
is SOOOOO glad Spring Break is next week . It'll be nice to actually relax for a week instead of fussing over homework and quizzes and assignments and everything else that makes school suck . 
misses spring break already . 
is craving sushi . 
wishes she could yell at < PROPFIRST > in person for metaphorically shanking her already bad vision via picture text . Texting him in all caps and leaving him an angry message on his voicemail don't produce the same satisfaction as smacking him upside the head and calling him an idiot in person would . 
is bummed out because my mom can't visit this month . :( 
doesn't have any classes today ! Could there be a more perfect way to kickoff the weekend ? 
is addicted to the Nostalgia Critic . 
Class ended twenty minutes early today ! WOOHOO ! 
keeps feeling like I have to sneeze , but then my body decides \Nevermind you can't sneeze yet\ " so nothing happens . " 
Dear UAccess , please stop saying the < PROPFEMALE > s for classes I'm trying to enroll in for next semester are no longer available even though the class is still open . I swear I will shank you with my pen if I see one more \Page is no longer available\ " < PROPFEMALE > . Registering isn't supposed to be this frustrating ! " 
had a really creepy/scary dream last night that I was being stalked by someone on campus . I felt paranoid and afraid for my safety even after I woke up ; it's just such a scary scenario to put yourself in . How on Earth does < PROPFEMALE > Meyer find that kinda thing romantic ?? I've never been so afraid in my life , and it was just a dream ! Something is seriously wrong with that woman ... 
is boooooored . The internet is no longer enough to satisfy me ; looks like I'll have to try and form one of those things normal people do where they go out with their friends to have fun . I think they call it a social life . 
has to go out to eat . The kitchen downstairs is packed and for some reason the vending machines are \Currently unable to accept a card\ " and I conveniently don't have any cash on me . " 
I officially hate UAccess ' registration . I was only able to enroll in two classes ! Oh , and my registration period ends TONIGHT ! Looks like I'll only be taking six credits next semester . If you need me , I'll be screaming profanities into my pillow and shouting threats at my laptop for the next few hours . 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > , if you see me watching something on my laptop while you have music playing and I keep turning up my volume or I'm practically frenching my laptop because I'm leaning in so close , that is not a signal for you to crank up your volume or talk really loud with your friends . It means you're being too loud and I'm too worried about sounding rude to tell you to keep it down . 
Dear sinuses , contrary to what you seem to think , final exam time is NOT the opportune time to plague me with sniffling , sneezing , and runny nose out of nowhere . The last thing I need is to ruin the testing environment by sneezing and loudly blowing my nose like a Looney Tunes character every ten seconds . Is there any reason this couldn't have waited until the weekend ? 
had a mini heart attack . I went to where my 3:30 class is and it was empty . I was panicking and afraid that the final was in another room/building , or I missed it . I frantically checked my email and the course homepage ( I take back everything I said about how stupid having internet on your phone is ) . Turns out the exam's on Thursday and there's no class today . I've never been so happy to feel like a complete dork . 
actually feels kinda lonely now tht Allisson moved out yesterday . I think there's an < PROPFEMALE > in here now . 
finished her Demoman crossplay ! I can't wait to wear it to PCC tmorrow ! It will be glorious . 
got back from the first day of PCC about an hour ago , and it was GLORIOUS ! I met up with some friends , got tons of photos , and bought my con plushie . I felt like a celebrity ; people kept complimenting my cosplay and even asked me for pictures ! I can't wait for the next two days . 
wonders if anyone else finds it ironic that I'm on facebook even less now that I'm on break . 
is totally psyched for the Aftercon meetup at Westgate tonight . I've been looking forward to it all week . :D It will be glorious . And next month there'll be a cosplay meetup and they'll have photoshoots and other fun stuff . It's awesome being around my fellow otaku ! 
is housesitting for her Aunt Martie for the next three days . It was going fine until I saw a thumb-length black wasp in the living room window . I'm afraid to leave the guest room ; if it wasn't for her pets I'd just stay in here until Wednesday . 
hasn't seen or heard the wasp since yesterday . I don't know whether to be relieved that it seems to have vanished into thin air or afraid that it'll pop up again once I finally relax and let my guard down . 
Iknew it was too good to be true . The wasp is still alive ; now it's bumming out in the dining room window . That thing nearly gave me a heart attack . 
was awakened at 2:30 AM this morning by the sound of thunder and the dog freaking out . I didn't get back to sleep until 5 AM . X__X 
saw \Despicable Me\ " today . It was cute . :) " 
has to get bloodwork done on Monday because my last blood test was four years ago . Have I mentioned that I hate/am horrified of needles ? This is gonna suck . :( 
goes back to Tucson tomorrow . I might not have access to the internet on my laptop . 
It's storming here in Tucson . It actually hailed ! 
can already tell that my math class is going to be my hardest class and I'll need the most help with it . 
Hooray for no classes on Friday ! 
feels like taking a nap . I didn't sleep well last night at all . 
is sweating so much it feels like I'm melting . This is the last time I walk all the way home instead of taking the bus . 
just found out that UA is thinking of cutting their arts programs ( Theater , dance , music , EVERYTHING ) to save money . I am terrified . 
is back in Tucson . 
I hate it when I feel like I have to sneeze , and then nothing happens . It's so annoying . 
Sometimes I envy boys because they can take off their shirt if they get hot . 
is apparently painfully out of practice when it comes to reading an actual book that isn't a manga . While reading a book for my writing class , I've nodded off about five times over the past couple of days while reading it . Two of those times were in the middle of the same chapter . 
hates waiting for the last class of the day . It sucks having a three hour block between classes ; there's nothing to do ! 
just finished baking a dozen cupcakes out of boredom . I thought it'd be at least another ten years before I turned into my mother . 
I lost my bus pass today . I hope , at the very least , someone found it and is currently using it . I paid good money for that pass , dangit ! It better not be tumbling around in the wind and getting stepped on or in a trashcan somewhere . 
Note to self : Tucson is not like Phoenix . Just because it's < PROPFEMALE > when you leave for class does not mean it won't be pouring rain by the time class gets out . 
Booooo . I hate laundry . 
Yay , Saboten Con is this weekend ! :D I'm so excited ! I just wish I coulda made some new cosplays or fixed up a couple of my old ones , but that would require money that I need for bills and food . 
Thank you so much to everyone taht wished me a happy birthday !!! It means a lot to know so many people care . :) 
As of right now I have 193 convention pictures . 
And so the convention ends and reality is free to take over once more until the next convention rolls around . Let the post-convention blues begin . 
I like it on the kitchen table . ( Kudos to anyone that knows what I'm really talking about ) 
is really annoyed by women that claim to be feminists but are nothing but raving misandrists and feminazis . 
I like it on the couch . 
Note to self : stop putting your bus pass in the front pocket of your messenger bag with your phone , or at the very least stop checking your phone while you're walking around so it won't fall out . AGAIN !! I didn't even have my pass a whole week before I lost it one the way to the bus stop . 
Headaches suck . When's that aspirin I took half an hour ago gonna start working ? 
Why is it that I've seen more ants in the bathroom than the kitchen ? I know both rooms have shiny tile floors , but you'd think the absense of things to eat would alert them to go somewhere else ( Or better yet , just leave the apartment altogether ) . 
My nose is revolting against me . One side is congested and the other keeps running . 
feels like crap right now and could really use a hug . :( 
It started raining on my way to class , but this time I had my jacket AND my umbrella . Take THAT , weather ! I win this round . 
just heard about a news story ( No idea how recent it actually is ) about a guy who threw his kitten against a wall and killed it because it accidently unplugged his game console while he was playing . I now want to find this man and hit him with a skillet . 
Dear people that lives in the two apartments right next to mine , if you absolutely must talk with each other at midnight , please just go inside and talk instead of standing outside shouting back and forth to each other . 
It's one in the morning . Why am I hungry ?? 
may or may not have stolen this from < PROPFIRST > . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR first name . NO repeats . It can only be 1 word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word . 
Okaayyy .... Apparently there's some kinda weird video thingy floating around and apparently I somehow sent it to fifteen people . If it's posted on your wall just delete it . Stupid random facebook hacks . 
Dear math , could you please do me a favor and stop kicking my butt ? I'd burn my textbook if it wasn't for the fact that I still need it and plan to sell it back to the school when the semester ends . Is it any wonder < PROPFIRST > make me rage ? 
decided to humor my roommate and dress like a girl for Halloween . :P We probably won't do anything special except maybe having a movie night , though . It's times like this I wish I wasn't so boring . Anyways , have a Happy Halloween , everyone ! Don't be like me ; go out and do something fun and awesome ! 
I don't get it . What do people find so attractive about a person that could flip out and kill you at a moment's notice ? That's not sexy ! That's a ticking homocidal time bomb ! Why is knowing that somone could kill you at the drop of a hat attractive ?? I'm so confused . I need to stop watching TV Guide countdowns . 
I hate all forms of math beyond the basics . If they were people , I`d shoot them ... Okay no I wouldn`t . I`m not that violent/impulsive . But I was totally serious about hating them . 
Woohoo , I cooked ground beef and didn't give myself or my roommate food poisoning ! 
School ruined me . I used to be able to stay up all night like it was nothing ; now I can barely keep myself awake to watch anime . Darn normal sleep schedule . 
is having sushi for the first time in months . :) 
Yaayyy ~ Mom's coming to visit tomorrow ! : ) 
decided to bake the red < PROPFEMALE > cake in the pantry on a whim . Only after I put it in the oven did I remember that I'm leaving on Wednesday for Thanksgiving , meaning me and my roommate have to either eat the whole thing in four days , or hope and pray that it's still good by the time we get back . 
Is the semester over yet ? No ? Crap . ... What about now ? Still no ? Dangit . ... Now ? 
I hate my math course more than should be humanly possible to hate something , and I say that completely seriously . I can't wait until it's over and I never have to look at another math book or equation or graph or scatterplot or calculator ever again . 
Bleh , I used too much milk when I made the eggs . Now my breakfast sandwich is all drippy and soggy and gross . 
Put this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being an Arizona State Fan . Being a Sun Devil Fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . There is still no known cure for SDFD & sympathy does not help , but we can raise awareness . 100% of U of A fans will ... repost this simply because WE know how to copy & paste , as well as tie our shoes ! :) 
AAAAAAAAAAHHHH OH MY GOD !! I got a B on my last math test !! This calls for a celebration ! <3 
It's 1AM and I'm sleepy . Why am I still awake ? 
is going to attempt to make chicken ... Here's hoping I don't poison myself ! 
finally got a black ring today ! I suddenly love the people that set up booths and sell stuff at the student area . 
Send me a number in my Inbox - any number - and I will post a status update telling you how I feel about you . The status will start with the number so that only you know who it's meant for ! :) 
#20 It was cool getting to know you and stuff in high school . I wish we could have gotten to know each other more . You always seemed really cool . 
#23 Even though we only really knew each other in eighth grade , I'm glad I got to know you . I always thought you were pretty and you always seemed nice . :) 
#274 I'm reallly glad that I got to know you . It was always cool talking to you about things and I still think about you a lot . You're really nice , easy to talk to , and generally enjoyable to be around . I wish we saw each other more often . :) 
#0 There's more I want to say about you than will fit in a single status update . I'm always thinking of you and I love it when we talk to each other on the weekends . It's great to hear your voice and know how you and everyone else are doing . I love you so much , and you'll always be a huge part of my life that I'll treasure forever . 
#5 I really admire your strength and dedication , and have the utmost respect for you . You're always doing something amazing . I've consider you to be one of the best role models in my life , and I'm glad to have someone like you as an influential figure . 
#17 You're easily one of my favorite guyfriends ! You're really funny , cool , and absolutely adorable . You were always fun to < PROPFEMALE > around , and I really wish we got to < PROPFEMALE > out more like we did back in high school . I wish I had more outgoing , hyper friends just like you . :D 
#72 Even though we started off on the wrong foot , I'm glad we were able to become friends . You have a really great personality and I'm both flattered and honored that you feel the way you do about me ; it means a lot to me , and I'm incredibly grateful for your < PROPFEMALE > with me . I'm really glad to have you in my life . 
#38 You have no idea just how much I love you and everything you do . You're always there for me when I need you , and I wouldn't change anything about you for all the money ( or anything else ) in the world . You're really funny , cool , and at least five different kinds of awesome . You'll always mean the world to me , no matter what . 
#31415 We may not have gotten along too well at first , but I'm so happy that it didn't last and we became good friends . I really like your sense of humor and you're one of the smartest guys I know ( Be glad there's no technology for stealing peoples ' intelligence ; you'd be first ) . 
#263 You're probably my favorite dark humored , sarcastic friends . :P It was always fun talking with you and hanging around back in high school . I always really liked your creativity and your drawing and storytelling abilities . :) 
#690 Man , do I feel old thinking about how long we've been friends . XD It still amazes me that , when we first met , we hated each other , yet you ended up being one of the closest friends I've ever had . You have a great sense of humor , you were always really fun and nice , and I still regret that we can't < PROPFEMALE > out anymore . I'd love to see you again sometime . 
Dear bookstore , please stop being overstocked on books I'm trying to sell back to you . I don't want them anymore , nor do I need them for anything anymore . 
almost got hit by a car this morning because the chick trying to turn was messing with her hair instead of paying attention and didn't see me until after I jumped out of the way and yelled at her . 
went to Ichiban ( A Japanese restaurant ) with mom last night . We sat at one of the cooking tables and watched the chef actually make everything , as well as the occasional pillar of fire . And it was glorious . 
can't sleep . I'm too excited about the convention this weekend ! :D 
Guess who had a super special awesome fun time at Taiyou Con last weekend ! I can't wait for the next convention ; I even made a couple of friends there . 
Dear Windows Movie Maker , please stop pausing and skipping every three seconds . This slideshow revolves very heavily on timing , and it's incredibly hard to get the timing right when you're constantly lagging . 
got blood drawn yesterday and only cried a little bit . Also , I got a cold right after the convention . Booooo . 
got a nosebleed after blowing my nose . AGAIN . Why does my body seem to hate me ? 
got bored and made brownies . I don't actually want to eat them , though ; I just wanted to make ' em . Now what do I do with them ? 
How is it possible that I got nine hours of sleep last night , yet I was struggling to keep from nodding off in class ?? 
Boo , it's cold and raining outside . It could be worse , though . I mean , it's not like I have to walk home without a jacket or umbrella . Oh wait ... 
Dear < PROPFIRST > Savage , shut up . You're probably a decent guy and you give sound advice and all , but please , please shut up . Or , at the very least , get off your pedastal and stop lacing everything you say to/about asexuals with disgust and blatant disrespect . Thank you 
somehow managed to skin the heck out of my elbow on a chair while attempting to sit down . 
Happy Valentines/Singles Awareness Day , everyone ! 
has had a headache since yesterday . 
It's been said that friends can go long periods of time without seeing each other and never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live , and they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy .. but you will ALWAYS love them . Re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends , they will know who they are . =) 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? *Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well . 
is sick and tired of being waken up at eight AM by the maintenance guys working on the roof . Suddenly , moving to a different apartment is sounding better and better . 
Dear next door neighbors , it's past midnight and people ( by which I mean myself and my roommate ) are attempting to sleep , so either shut up , whisper , or shout and laugh at each other when people aren't sleeping . Thank you . 
Bluh , the new avatars in Cafe World look terrible . D: It's going to take forever to get used to . 
got a full refund for two books , was able to buy a different one , AND managed to make small talk with a complete stranger without feeling panicked or stressed ! Regardless of anything else that happens , today is officially awesome . 
Being up at 7AM sucks . 
