is back home after a very long weekend ... 

Is saddened by the loss of one of TV’s greatest personalities . < PROPFIRST > Mays you will be missed !! 
Added some new photo's check them out !! 
is working on getting the yard cleaned up , before this weekend . 
SpongeBash weekend is here ! Celebrate 10 years of SpongeBob !! 
When we drink , we get drunk . When we get drunk , we fall asleep . When we fall asleep , we commit no sin . When we commit no sin , we go to Heaven So , lets all get Drunk and go to Heaven . 
needs someone to go see the new < PROPMALE > Potter movie with me , on Wednesday or Thursday !! 
Is getting ready for a long ass day ! First up , take my Uncle to G.I. Then I've got to run to Hastings to pick up my photos for the Fair . Go home mount them , and having them to Kearney by 5 . 
Got his photography entered in the Fair , go check them out ... 
Just added some new pictures , and a new B&W folder if any one wants to check them out ... 
Is getting ready for the wedding this morning ... hope all goes well 
is starting to work , on the 400+ wedding photos . It's been a long week , and it's not over yet .... 
ok , it's actually 542 photo's I've got to work with , yay me ! 
is sitting at home , after getting my wisdom teeth pulled . And after two days , it's not as bad as everyone told me . 
or what about this one P.E.T.A. People Eating Tasty Animals 
is spending all day working around the house . 
Ok added some new B&W photos , for your viewing pleasure ! 
alright , time to get off my bum , and get some work done . 
Is it weird , that I’m actually excited about going back to work . After one of the most boring vacation’s every , I can’t wait 
is getting ready for a very busy night at work ... 
it's almost 2 p.m. and I'm still up ... 
really needs sleep ... 
Really needs to find a roommate in Kearney !! Let me know if your interested or know anyone who is 
Is listing to Trans-Siberian Orchestra , and its not even Christmas time yet . :) 
Really needs to find a roommate in Kearney !! Let me know if your interested or know anyone who is 
It’s another beautiful day , with thousands of possibilities How will you spend it ? 
didn't get any sleep today , but it was worth it :) 
I'm ready , I'm ready ... for work , lol 
I think , I’ve finally found what I’ve been looking for in life . I just hope the Lord helps me reach out and get it . 
Is working on my new < PROPMALE > project !! 
Is in the kitchen , doing some baking ... 
Is getting ready to head to Hastings , < PROPFEMALE>'s going to be a mommy today :) 
Is off to Church ... 
just got done taking some stuff over to my sisters , now it's time to rest for work tonight . 
Gets to go on a high school field trip today :) This is going to be a great day !! 
wishes his nose would stop running , seriously its like a faucet . 
13 “You can enter God’s Kingdom only through the narrow gate . The highway to hell is broad , and its gate is wide for the many who choose that way . 14 But the gateway to life is very narrow and the road is difficult , and only a few ever find it . < PROPFIRST > 7:13 -14 
The Lord is good and does what is right ; he shows the proper path to those who go astray . He leads the humble in doing right , teaching them his way . Psalms 25:8 -9 
You will be accepted if you do what is right . But if you refuse to do what is right , then watch out ! For Sin is crouching at the door , eager to control you . But you must subdue it and be its master . < PROPFEMALE > 4:7 
This one just makes me happy . Wow , I love my NLT Bible ! These people are not drunk , as some of you are assuming . Nine o’clock in the morning is much too early for that . Acts 2:15 
The Lord says , “I will guide you along the best pathway for your life . I will advise you and watch over you . Psalms 32:8 
Alestorm - True Scottish Pirate Metal . Go check them out ... 
Don’t sin by letting anger control you . Think about it overnight and remain silent . Psalms 4:4 
Look at those who are honest and good , for a wonderful future awaits those who love peace . Psalms 37:37 
Commit everything you do to the Lord . Trust him , and he will help you . Psalms 37:5 
Has hit a small bump in the road of life , but no worries . God will guide us through it . 
The Lord gives his people strength . The Lord blesses them with peace . ( Psalm 29:11 ) So be strong and courageous , all you who put your hope in the Lord ! ( Psalm 31:34 ) 
Look at those who are honest and good , for a wonderful future awaits those who love peace . ( Psalm 37:37 ) Though they stumble , they will never fall , for the Lord holds them by the hand . ( Psalm 37:24 ) 
One night the Lord spoke to < PROPFIRST > in a vision and told him , “Don’t be afraid ! Speak out ! Don’t be silent ! 10 For I am with you , and no one will attack and harm you , for many people in this city belong to me . ” ( Acts 18:9 -10 ) 
Life is not a snapshot , it may take awhile to see the bigger picture ... 
For the Lord Most High is awesome . He is the great < PROPMALE > of all the earth . ( Psalm 47:2 ) 
Wishes he could end some of his fears , and help end the fears of some of the others around him . 
But my life is worth nothing to me unless I use it for finishing the work assigned me by the Lord Jesus—the work of telling others the Good News about the wonderful grace of God . ( Acts 20:24 ) 
Getting ready , to hit the town with Fatma and Barish 
Why should I fear when trouble comes , when enemies surround me ? ( Psalm 49:5 ) God is our refuge and strength , always ready to help in times of trouble . ( Psalm 46:1 ) So commit everything you do to the Him . Trust in Him , and He will help you . ( Psalm 37:5 ) 
We are speaking louder than before . I've finally figured out what God's been trying to tell me , and I've got something to say ! I shall never shrank back from telling you what you need to hear , either publicly or in your homes . Because my life is worth nothing to me unless I use it for finishing the work assigned me by the Lord Jesus—the work of telling others the Good News about the wonderful grace of God . 
He comforts us in all our troubles so that we can comfort others . When they are troubled , we will be able to give them the same comfort God has given us . ( 2 Corinthians 1:4 ) 
Is having an amazing day !! So far , I've visited with two good friends about faith and religion . And I also helped two complete strangers out in there time of need . One at McDonalds , and the other at Wal-Mart . I definitely feel the calling , and grace of God upon me . I am truly blessed . :) 
Today , I'm thankful for all my amazing friends . 
Today I am thankful for my Lord Jesus Christ , who has shown me the way and brings me salvation . For there is salvation in no one else ! God has given no other name under heaven by which we must be saved . ( Acts 4:12 ) 
Today , I'm thankful for music . For without it I would be nothing . 
And the Lord replied , ‘I am Jesus . and I have appeared to you to appoint you as my servant and witness . You are to tell the world what you have seen . I am sending you out to open their eyes , so they may turn from darkness to light and from the power of Satan to God . Then they will receive forgiveness for their sins and be given a place among God’s people , who are set apart by faith in me . ’(Acts 26:15 -18 paraphrased ) 
Today , I'm thankful for my computer and the internet . For allowing me to keep in touch with old friends , and for all the new ones I meet everyday . 
Today , I'm thankful for the Elders , and Mentors in our community for there pure awesomeness ! 
Commit everything you do to the Lord . Because though you may stumble , you will never fall , for the Lord takes you by the hand and leads the way through His Truth . His grace being the light that shines though you , lighting up the even the darkest of paths . 
Today , I am thankful for all the wonderful things my father has taught me , and said to me though out his years . Today was his birthday , and not a day goes by that I don’t miss him . Somewhere I know there’s a < PROPFEMALE > that’s shining so bright that I can see you smiling . And all I need is one last < PROPMALE > , just to hear you say goodbye . ( < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Hunnicutt 1960-2005 ) 
Today , I'm thankful for my awesome car , for allowing me to make the trip up to < PROPMALE > today . 
O God , you are my God ; I earnestly search for you . My soul thirsts for you ; my whole body longs for you in this parched and weary land where there is no water . Psalm 63:1 
So get rid of all the filth and evil in your lives , and humbly accept the word God has planted in your hearts , for it has the power to save your souls . But don’t just listen to God’s word . You must do what it says . Otherwise , you are only fooling yourselves . ( < PROPFIRST > 1:21 -22 ) 
14 ) What good is it , dear brothers and sisters , if you say you have faith but don’t show it by your actions ? Can that kind of faith save anyone ? 17 ) So you see , faith by itself isn’t enough . Unless it produces good deeds , it is dead and useless . ( < PROPFIRST > 2:14 and 17 ) 
You say you have faith , for you believe that there is one God .. Good for you ! Even the demons believe this , and they tremble in terror . How foolish ! Can’t you see that faith without good deeds is useless ? ( < PROPFIRST > 2:19 -20 ) 
Praise the Lord ; praise God our savior ! For each day he carries us in his arms . ( Ps 68:19 ) Humble yourselves before the Lord , and he will lift you up in honor . ( < PROPFIRST > 4:10 ) 
My life is an example to many , because you have been my strength and protection . That is why I can never stop praising you ; I declare your < PROPFEMALE > all day long . ( Psalm 71:7 -8 ) 
But do this in a gentle and respectful way . Keep your conscience clear . Then if people speak against you , they will be ashamed when they see what a good life you live because you belong to Christ . ( 1 < PROPFIRST > 3:16 ) 
Truth springs up from the earth , and righteousness smiles down from heaven . ( Psalm 85:11 ) For the Lord God is our sun and our shield . He gives us grace and < PROPFEMALE > . The Lord will withhold no good thing from those who do what is right . ( Psalm 84:11 ) 
Do not let sin control the way you live ; do not give in to sinful desires . ( Romans 6:12 ) So letting your sinful nature control your mind leads to death . But letting the Spirit control your mind leads to life and peace . ( Romans 8:6 ) 
Care for the flock that God has entrusted to you . Watch over it willingly , not grudgingly—not for what you will get out of it , but because you are eager to serve God . Don’t lord it over the people assigned to your care , but lead them by your own good example . And when the Great Shepherd appears , you will receive a crown of never-ending < PROPFEMALE > and honor . ( 1 < PROPFIRST > 5:2 -4 ) 
Rejoice in our confident hope . Be patient in trouble , and keep on praying . ( Romans 12:12 ) For the Holy Spirit helps us in our weakness . We don’t know what God wants us to pray for . But the Holy Spirit prays for us with groaning that cannot be expressed in words . And the Father who knows all hearts knows what the Spirit is saying , for the Spirit pleads for us believers in < PROPFEMALE > with God’s own will . ( Romans 8:26 -27 ) 
We know how much God loves us , and we have put our trust in his love . God is love , and all who live in love live in God , and God lives in them . ( 1 < PROPFIRST > 4:16 ) And those who obey God’s word truly show how completely they love him . That is how we know we are living in him . 6 Those who say they live in God should live their lives as Jesus did . ( 1 < PROPFIRST > 2:5 -6 ) 
Husbands ought to love their wives as they love their own bodies . For a man who loves his wife actually shows love for himself . No one hates his own body but feeds and cares for it . ( Ephesians 5:28 -29 ) 
You can Give without Loving , but you can't Love without Giving . When God’s people are in need , be ready to help them . Always be eager to practice hospitality . ( Romans 12:13 ) 
So humble yourselves under the mighty power of God , and at the right time he will lift you up in honor . Give all your worries and cares to God , for he cares about you . ( 1 < PROPFIRST > 5:6 -7 ) And grace , mercy , and peace , which come from God the Father and from Jesus Christ— the Son of the Father—will continue to be with us who live in truth and love . ( 2 < PROPFIRST > 1:3 ) 
Doesn’t believe this bad weather exist . For the Lord told me so in < PROPFIRST > 11:23 . That if you have just a little faith and believe whole heartily , without any doubt in your heart . That kind of faith can move mountains . So I say it once again , this snow storm doesn’t exist . We’ll get flurries at the most . 
Is really glad to be home . Now it's time to play catch up with everyone I missed . 
The tongue is a < PROPFEMALE > thing that can make grand speeches . But even a < PROPFEMALE > spark can set great < PROPMALE > fires . Just as your tongue has the power to destroy people . Your tongue is the flame of the fire , corrupting your whole body . 
I am out to prove that 80% of my friends will repost , I hope I am right ! Let's lift up His name and make a statement ! Sadly 97% of Facebook Users will not repost this ... when Jesus died on the cross he was thinking of you . If you are one of the few 3% , repost this message . Praise God He died for me and you 
These were his instructions to them : “The harvest is great , but the workers are few . So pray to the Lord who is in charge of the harvest ; ask him to send more workers into his fields . Now go , and remember that I am sending you out as lambs among wolves . ( < PROPMALE > 10:2 -3 ) 
A good person produces good things from the treasury of a good heart , and an evil person produces evil things from the treasury of an evil heart . What you say flows from what is in your heart . ( < PROPMALE > 6:45 ) 
Jesus answered them , “Healthy people don’t need a doctor—sick people do . I have come to call not those who think they are righteous , but those who know they are sinners and need to repent . ” ( < PROPMALE > 5:31 -32 ) 
< PROPFIRST > replied , “Each of you must repent of your sins and turn to God , and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the forgiveness of your sins . Then you will receive the gift of the Holy Spirit . ” ( Acts 2:38 ) 
While knowledge makes us feel important , it is love that strengthens us . God paid a high price for you , so don’t be enslaved by the world . So don’t copy the behaviors and customs of this world . And be careful so that your freedom does not cause others with a weaker conscience to stumble . 
So we are lying if we say we have fellowship with God but go on living in spiritual darkness ; we are not practicing the truth . But if we are living in the light , as God is in the light , then we have fellowship with each other , and the blood of Jesus , his Son , cleanses us from all sin . ( 1 < PROPFIRST > 1:6 -7 ) 
Oh what I would do to have the kind of faith it takes to climb out of this boat I'm in . Onto the crashing waves . To step out of my comfort zone to the realm of the unknown where Jesus is . And He's holding out his hand . 
When I am with those who are weak , I share their weakness , for I want to bring the weak to Christ . Yes , I try to find common ground with everyone , doing everything I can to save some . ( 1 Corinthians 9:22 ) 
Don’t judge by his appearance or height . The Lord doesn’t see things the way you see them . People judge by outward appearance , but the Lord looks at the heart . ( 1 < PROPFIRST > 16:7 ) 
If you think you are standing strong , be careful not to fall . The temptations in your life are no different from what others experience . And God is faithful . He will not allow the temptation to be more than you can stand . When you are tempted , he will show you a way out so that you can endure . ( 1 Corinthians 10:12 -13 ) 
Give me understanding and I will obey your instructions ; I will put them into practice with all my heart . Make me walk along the path of your commands , for that is where my happiness is found . ( Psalm 119:34 -35 ) 
Your word is a lamp to guide my feet and a light for my path . ( Ps 119:105 ) Guide my steps by your word , so I will not be overcome by evil . ( Ps 119:113 ) I search for peace ; but when I speak of peace , they want war ! ( Ps 120:7 ) 
Ok everyone , I'm getting my hair cut on Thursday . How do you think I should get it done ? 
Christ’s love controls us . Since we believe that Christ died for all , we also believe that we have all died to our old life . He died for everyone so that those who receive his new life will no longer live for themselves . Instead , they will live for Christ , who died and was raised for them . ( 2 Corinthians 5:14 -15 ) 
So I got my hair cut this morning , and yes < PROPMALE > scissors were involved . :) 
We faithfully preach the truth . God’s power is working in us . We use the weapons of righteousness in the right hand for attack and the left hand for defense . We serve God whether people honor us or despise us , whether they slander us or praise us . We are honest , but they call us impostors . ( 2 Corinthians 6:7 -8 ) 
spam app called \like\ " sent from a notification ' ( whoever ) likes your photo ' like a regular someone liking your photo . dont allow it access " 
Alright , time to play catch up on everything I didn't do last week ... 
While many are being saved everyday , the world is still covered in darkness . But it is up to us to shine the light that He has given us in to it’s darkest corners . Saving those who are lost , touching them for Christ . 
NOW IS THE TIME Don’t be shy . If you think your ready for a closer relationship with God , and the Son of Man , don’t be afraid to speak up . We can help !!! 
Well , I burned what I was making for tonight . So back to the drawing board I guess . :( 
Irony : the opposite of Wrinkly 
R . O . U . S’s Rodents of Unusual Size , I don’t believe they exist . 
My grace is all you need . My power works best in weakness . So now I am glad to boast about my weaknesses , so that the power of Christ can work through me . That’s why I take pleasure in my weaknesses , and in the insults , hardships , persecutions , and troubles that I suffer for Christ . For when I am weak , then I am strong . ( 2 Cor 12:9 -10 ) 
NyQuil , and a warm comfy bed this cold doesn’t even stand a < PROPMALE > . 
Well after another long day , I'm finally going to bed . Good night everyone . 
The Word gave life to everything that was created , and his life brought light to everyone . The light shines in the darkness , and the darkness can never extinguish it . ( < PROPFIRST > 1:4 -5 ) 
God’s light came into the world , but people loved the darkness more than the light , for their actions were evil . All who do evil hate the light and refuse to go near it for fear their sins will be exposed . But those who do what is right come to the light so others can see that they are doing what God wants . ( < PROPFIRST > 3:19 -21 ) 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > , for being totally awesome . And to everyone else who is backing me . 
We know how much God loves us , and we have put our trust in his love . God is love , and all who live in love live in God , and God lives in them . ( 1 < PROPFIRST > 4:16 ) And love is patient and kind . Love is not jealous or boastful or proud . ( 1 Cor 13:4 ) Love never gives up , never loses faith , is always hopeful , and endures through every circumstance . ( 1 Cor 13:7 ) 
So the Lord works in wonderful and mysterious ways . I bought these amazing yellow roses for this girl I like for Valentines day . And I was all excited about giving them to her at church , but after service things didn’t feel right , they were just off . I even considered leaving . But after sitting though the whole home school meeting . Things changed , and something inside told me that I have to go though with it . 
Message of the Day : Praise God , our great < PROPMALE > of < PROPMALE > s , and our Lord and Savior . For He is the great I am , in whom we all shall fear and love . Believe and trust in Him , not for everything He’s done , but for the unfailing love that He shows us . And for all the promises He’s made . Lay down your life for Him , and reap the award of eternal life . 
The best Vitamin for a Christian is B1 
When I'm weak , you make me strong . When I'm blind , You shine Your light on me . Cause I'll never get by living on my own ability . How refreshing to know You don't need me . How amazing to find that you want me . So I'll stand on Your truth , and I'll fight with Your strength until You bring the victory , by the power of Christ in me . 
Jesus spoke to the people once more and said , “I am the light of the world . If you follow me , you won’t have to walk in darkness , because you will have the light that leads to life . ” “I have come as a light to shine in this dark world , so that all who put their trust in me will no longer remain in the dark . ” ( < PROPFIRST > 8:12 , 12:46 ) 
Then Jesus said “Don’t let your hearts be troubled . Trust in God , and trust also in me . I am leaving you with a gift—peace of mind and heart . And the peace I give is a gift the world cannot give . So don’t be troubled or afraid . ” ( < PROPFIRST > 14:1 14:27 ) 
So my sister and her husband are throwing away all there tax on away . On what , you might ask , well to buy new cell phones of course . How foolish !!! And on top of that , I have to get a new one too . Even thought mine isn’t even a year old , because stupid Verison doesn’t < PROPFEMALE > my phone under there plans . 
Keep moving forward but watch out that you do not lose what you have worked so hard to achieve . Be diligent so that you will receive the full reward . ( 2 < PROPFIRST > 1:8 ) 
Keep their words always in your heart . Tie them around your neck . When you walk , their counsel will lead you . When you sleep , they will protect you . When you wake up , they will advise you . ~ Proverbs 6:21 -22 
Leave your simple ways behind , and begin to live ; learn to use good judgment . The seeds of good deeds become a tree of life ; a wise person wins friends . ( Proverbs 9:6 and 11:30 ) 
Have you ever wondered what your name meant . Well this weekend , I went on an encounter with God . He told me this , your name is the one I’ve chosen for you . He said to me do not be afraid anymore . For your name < PROPFIRST > , means strong and courageous . He said to me I am your light and your salvation , so whom shall you fear ? No one ... 
Let the Holy Spirit guide your lives . Then you won’t be doing what your sinful nature craves . For the Holy Spirit produces this kind of fruit in our lives : love , joy , peace , < PROPFEMALE > , kindness , goodness , faithfulness , gentleness , and self-control . Those who belong to Christ Jesus have nailed the passions and desires of their sinful nature to his cross and crucified them there . ( Galatians 5:16 , 22-24 ) 
Let us not get tired of doing what is good and right . Then just at the right time we will reap a harvest of blessing if we don’t give up . Therefore , whenever we have the opportunity , we should do good to everyone—especially to those in the family of faith . ( Galatians 6:9 -10 ) 
He is so < PROPMALE > in kindness and grace that he purchased our freedom with the blood of his Son and forgave our sins . He has showered his kindness on us , along with all wisdom and understanding . ( Eph 1:7 -8 ) 
People ruin their lives by their own foolishness and then are angry at the Lord . ( Proverbs 19:3 ) That is so true , people ruin their own lives and then blame God for it , how foolish . 
Well , tomorrow's going to suck and be awesome at the same time . Awesome , in that it's Sunday and I'll be out at the church ALL day . But suck , because I work tonight and won't get any sleep until around 8 or 9 o'clock tomorrow night . 
Umm ... So I'm just getting home around the time I left for work yesterday . Wow , what a long day . But it was worth every minute of it . 
Those who love money will never have enough . How meaningless to think that wealth brings true happiness ! The more you have , the more people come to help you spend it . So what good is wealth—except perhaps to watch it slip through your fingers ! Enjoy what you have rather than desiring what you don’t have . Just dreaming about nice things is meaningless—like chasing the wind . ( Ecclesiastes 5:10:11 , 6:9 ) 
For once you were full of darkness , but now you have light from the Lord . So live as people of light ! For this light within you produces only what is good and right and true . ( Ephesians 5:8 -9 ) 
Advice : What you ask for when you already know the answer , but wish you didn’t . 
I have observed something else under the sun . The fastest runner doesn’t always win the race , and the strongest warrior doesn’t always win the battle . The wise sometimes go hungry , and the skillful are not necessarily wealthy . And those who are educated don’t always lead successful lives . It is all decided by < PROPMALE > , by being in the right place at the right time . ( Eccl 9:11 ) 
Don’t be selfish ; don’t try to impress others . Be humble , thinking of others as better than yourselves . Don’t look out only for your own interests , but take an interest in others , too . ( Philippians 2:3 -4 ) 
Surrender ! You mean you wish to surrender to me ? Very well , I accept . 
Do you know what the chain of command is here ? It's the chain I go get and beat you with to show you who's in command . 
Don’t worry about anything ; instead , pray about everything . Tell God what you need , and thank him for all he has done . Then you will experience God’s peace , which exceeds anything we can understand . His peace will guard your hearts and minds as you live in Christ Jesus . ( Philippians 4:6 -7 ) 
Fare thee well , my own true love , for when I return united we will be . It's not the leaving of Liverpool that grieves me , but my darling when I think of thee ... 
Even if you saw it yourself , you wouldn't believe it . But I wouldn't trust a person like me if i were you . I wasn't there I swear i have an alibi . I heard it from a man who knows a fella who says it's true ! 
Is sampling different dark chocolates and dried fruit combinations for a cookie recipe I’m working on creating . Don’t worry , it’s going to be awesome when I’m finished . 
And now , just as you accepted Christ Jesus as your Lord , you must continue to follow him . Let your roots grow down into him , and let your lives be built on him . Then your faith will grow strong in the truth you were taught , and you will overflow with thankfulness . ( Colossians 2:6 -7 ) 
There are three things that amaze me—no , four things that I don’t understand : How an eagle glides through the sky , how a snake slithers on a rock , how a ship navigates the ocean , and how a man loves a woman . 
A TRUE FRIEND doesn't care if your house is untidy , your car makes funny noises , if you only have $5.00 in the bank this week , or that your family isn't perfect .... they love you as you are !!! A TRUE FRIEND can go long periods if time without speaking and never question their friendship . REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one true friend !!! 
Instead of the life you have believed for always being out of your grasp , a relationship with Christ puts the life you’ve dreamed of within your grasp . So you are no longer running from your life , in Christ you are running toward eternal life . His word ( The Bible ) says that He came that we might have life and have it m ... ore abundantly . “Run < PROPMALE > Run” Empty Well , Thirsty Heart 
Speak up for those who cannot speak for themselves ; ensure justice for those being crushed . Yes , speak up for the poor and helpless , and see that they get justice . 
“Every guy can be a sweet heart behind close doors . It takes a real man to show his love for you in front of everyone else . ” A good friend and I were discussing something similar to this , this morning . No one really likes your BF because he’s a big jerk to everyone , and shows no respect . But she always tells me “But he’s a real sweet heart when no one else is around” 
“A warrior putting on his sword for battle should not boast like a warrior who has already won . ”(1 kings 20:11 ) Basically don’t go around bragging about being better than anyone else , before the battle is won . Humble yourself before everyone , especially the Lord . Who ever wants to take first must place last . ( < PROPFIRST > 9:35 ) So many times people go around boasting there better than you , only to have the Lord shame them . 
Is having an incredible week , and it’s only getting better . Thanks everyone , peace be with you , and God Bless Also I Love each and everyone of you 
Is back on Xbox Live , send me your gamertags , so i can add you as friends ... 
You wanna know how much He loves you . Picture it this way , if God had a great big refrigerator in Heaven , your picture would be on it . Or if He carried a great big wallet , He would have your picture in it . Thank you Pastor < PROPFIRST > Wood for this analogy . 
Don’t be selfish ; don’t try to impress others . Be humble , thinking of others as better than yourselves . Don’t look out only for your own interests , but take an interest in others , too . ( < PROPMALE > 2:3 -4 ) Just by living in Christ one can not help but become humble before others . Because there living for Jesus not themselves . Humble yourselves before the Lord , and he will lift you up in honor . ( < PROPFIRST > 4:10 ) 
Live as God’s obedient children . Don’t slip back into your old ways of living to satisfy your own desires . You didn’t know any better then . ( 1 < PROPFIRST > 1:14 ) So many times in this life , we are tempted by this world . But we must stand strong against Satan , and not let him take back control of our lives . Living by our own desires instead of God’s will for us , will only lead to destruction . 
Got some baking to get done for tonight , it's going to be awesome !! 
Watch out for false prophets . They come to you in sheep's clothing , but inwardly they are ferocious wolves . By their fruit you will recognize them . Do people pick grapes from thorn bushes , or figs from thistles ? (Matt 7:15 -16 ) So many times we’re reminded of this in the New Testament , and yet there are still so many out there . Beware of their false teachings and man made ideas because they are NOT of Jesus . 
The bible tells us that God is Love , and as surly as He loves all of you , so do I . I’ve always had a great compassion for other peoples lives , showing them the great love that we share with our Lord Jesus Christ . True Love never gives up , never loses faith , is always hopeful , and endures through every circumstance . 
When I start saying crazy things to people I normally wouldn’t , it means I should really get to bed . Oh well another hour of Facebook won’t kill me 
Can you stay strong ? Can you go on ? Are you doing okay ? A < PROPFEMALE > that won’t bloom , winter’s kept you . Don’t waste your whole life trying to get back what was taken away . 
A beaming sunrise buries the night . The setting sun destroys the light . Then she says , baby , I’ve gotta get going . Cutting each other without even knowing . She sees a million stars like holes in the sky . All God’s tears for her , they cry and I am in her rain . 
Then Jesus told them “this is my commandment : Love each other in the same way I have loved you . There is no greater love than to lay down one’s life for one’s friends . ” ( < PROPFIRST > 15:12 -13 ) Coming this Sunday , witness the < PROPFEMALE > of God’s one and only son . In The Whip , The Hammer and The Cross . Learn the true meaning of the Crucifixion , and everything Jesus went through , all because of his great Love for you . 
Who wants to go the Good Friday service tonight at New Life Assembly with me ? It starts a 7 
Everything Jesus did was very purposeful . He embraced and loved the cross because of what it meant . He suffered all the torture that came with it , willingly . Everyone expected something different to happen ? Why did He not call a legion of angels to save himself ? With God don’t get disappointed when things don’t work ... out the way you think they should , there is a resurrection coming !!! Jesus something different ! 
Easter’s all about the resurrection of Christ , freeing us of all our sins . 2 Corinthians 5:21 says “God made him who had no sin to be sin for us , so that in him we might become the righteousness of God . ” Man how cool is that , tomorrow is going to be awesome !!! Praise God , the Lord Almighty !! 
Welcome victory day !! We wait quietly before God , for our victory comes from him . Today we celebrate the resurrection of Christ . He died so that the sin of the world may be lifted up , and set us free . He left us with a gift—peace of mind and heart . And the peace He gave us is a gift the world cannot give . Our hearts ache , but we always have joy . We own nothing , and yet we have everything ! Thank You Jesus !! 
Thank you Jesus , for a most wonderful Easter , and time spent with family . Because of you all things are possible . And now it’s time to catch up on all of my work for you Lord . It’s going to be a busy day . 
If another believer is overcome by some sin , you who are godly should gently and humbly help that person back onto the right path . And be careful not to fall into the same temptation yourself . Share in each other’s burdens . If you think you are too important to help someone , you are only fooling yourself . You are not that important . ( Galatians 6:1 -3 ) 
We know what real love is because Jesus gave up his life for us . So we also ought to give up our lives for our brothers and sisters . If someone has enough money to live well and sees a brother or sister in need but shows no compassion—how can God’s love be in that person ? 
While knowledge makes us feel important , it is love that strengthens us . Many Christians out there read their Bibles without spending anytime in the Word . Because of this they think they’re better than everyone else , because their heads are full of knowledge , but their Hearts are empty . How can you have Faith , if you don’t have Love . If they would only stop and listen to the Word of God , putting it into their hearts . 
Is super excited about being the newest member on our Youth Leadership Team . Just another way the Lord has blessed me ; the ability of reaching others and touching lives . 
Then Jesus said “Come to me , all you who are weary and burdened , and I will give you rest . Take my yoke upon you and learn from me , for I am gentle and humble in heart , and you will find rest for your souls . For my yoke is easy and my burden is light . \ ( < PROPFIRST > 11:28 -30 ) " 
Looking out from His throne , the Father of light and of men . Chose to make Himself known and show us the way back to Him . Speaking wisdom and truth into the hearts of peasants and kings . He began to unveil the Word that would change the course of all things . The Word is alive and it cuts like a sword through the darkness . With a message of life to the hopeless and afraid . Breathing life into all who believe . 
What this world needs is not another one hit wonder with an axe to grind Another two bit politician peddling lies Another three ring circus society What this world needs is not another sign waving super saint that's better than you . Another prophet in an Armani suit What this world needs is a Savior who will rescue A Spirit who will lead A Father who will love them in their time of need That's what this world needs . 
Alright , need to be up for the next 24+hrs , with Renaissance meeting at 7pm , work from 9-6 , church at 10am , college small group at 4pm . wow I wished I had Saturdays nights off ... 
This morning at breakfast we were discussing a little passage from < PROPMALE > 13:31 -33 . In it , the Pharisees tell Jesus to “Get away from here if you want to live ! Harod Antipas wants to kill you ! ” In response Jesus answered “Go tell that fox that I will keep on casting out demons and healing people today and tomorrow , and the third day , I will accomplish my purpose . ” 
Have < PROPFEMALE > in all you do , for in time all will be revealed . You may be on a < PROPMALE > road in your life . But those willing to wait , will find the smooth pavement that lies ahead . God blesses those who patiently endure testing and temptation . Afterwards they will receive the crown of life that God has promised to those who love Him . Have faith in God , and everything will turn out as it should , according to His will . 
Saying something is Impossible , is just an excuses not to try . For our God deals in the impossible , and with Him we can do anything ! 
Here’s some advice for you . If your life is already busy , don’t pray to have < PROPFEMALE > . Instead pray about rest and peace of mind . Because the only way the Lord can give you < PROPFEMALE > is by giving you more to do . In order to grow in < PROPFEMALE > , first you must grow in endurance . When your faith is tested , your endurance has a < PROPMALE > to grow . 
President Obama has decided that there will no longer be a \National day of prayer\ " held in May . He doesn't want to offend anybody . Where was his concern about offending Christians last January when he allowed the Muslims to hold a day of prayer on the capitol grounds . As a Christian American \ " I am offended . \ " if you agree copy and paste no matter what religion you are " 
Jesus is the most normal Christian there is . Jesus is the example , not the exception . All the wonderful things He did back then , people say can’t be done today . But I say if we just have faith in God , we can do them all . Jesus tells us in < PROPFIRST > 14:12 “I tell you the truth , anyone who believes in me will do the same works I have done , and even greater ones . ” 
There is pain and sorrow everywhere ! Running away from your problems solves nothing , Without faith , you’ll be heading into the unknown , where you’ll feel all alone and scared . So rejoice in our confident hope in God . And instead of running away from your troubles , try turning towards God , for He loves you so very much . Holding you tightly when things get rough . 
No matter how bad things get , you shouldn’t run away from the situation . This solves nothing ! Instead be patient in trouble and keep on praying , for the Lord is always there . He hears our prayers , and comes to the rescue every time . He is our refuge and strength , always ready to help in times of trouble . 
Agenda for the night : First up Kiddy Carnival from 6-7 , then Youth Group Game Night 
The Lord nurses them when they are sick and restores them to health . ( NLT ) I also like The Message version of this verse : Whenever we're sick and in bed , God becomes our nurse , nurses us back to health . ( Psalm 41:3 ) 
Women , can’t live with them , and they will not date me 
Look to God’s instructions and teachings ! People who contradict his word are completely in the dark . ( < PROPMALE > 8:20 ) 
Worry weighs a person down , but an encouraging word cheers them up . Have you been Jesus to someone today ? 
God has called us to live holy lives , not impure ones . Therefore , anyone who refuses to live by these rules is not disobeying human teaching but is rejecting God , who gives his Holy Spirit to you . ( 1 Thessalonians 4:7 -8 ) 
We need to think of a cool name for our youth group at Spirit of Life , any suggestions ? 
You stand your tallest when you stoop down to help others 
I can't believe I forgot about the Renaissance Meeting tonight ... :( 
Lord , give you unfailing love , the salvation that He promised you . Then you’ll be able to answer those who taunt you , for you trust in His word . ( Psalm 119:41:42 ) Jesus says in < PROPFIRST > 14:1 “Don’t let your hearts be troubled . Trust in God , and trust also in me . ” and in < PROPMALE > 7:9 the Lord tells us “Unless your faith is firm , I cannot make you stand firm . ” So just < PROPFEMALE > in there !! 
People need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure & it's not contagious . They only want what we all want , to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week ... and this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help & understanding 
The purpose of my instruction is that all believers would be filled with love that comes from a pure heart , a clear conscience , and genuine faith But some people have missed this whole point They have turned away from these things and spend their time in meaningless discussions They want to be known as teachers of the law of < PROPMALE > , but they don’t know what they are talking about , even though they speak so confidently 
Therefore , this is what the Sovereign Lord says : “Look ! I am placing a foundation stone in Jerusalem , a firm and tested stone . It is a precious cornerstone that is safe to build on . Whoever believes need never be shaken . ” ( < PROPMALE > 28:16 ) And that cornerstone is Jesus :) 
Do you know what the chain of command is ? It's the chain I go get and beat you with till you understand who's in rutting command here . 
Really had a great day first went to church in the morning , then < PROPFIRST > and I played a round of disc golf , and went to the movies . After that our college group meet for the last time until fall . We worked outside the church laying down some bricks around the flower beds oh and by the way , I’ve officially been up for 26 hours now . 
“Physical training is good , but training for godliness is much better , promising benefits in this life and in the life to come . ” This is a trustworthy saying , and everyone should accept it . It is why we work hard and continue to struggle , for our hope is in the living God , who is the Savior of all people and particularly of all believers . ( 1 < PROPFIRST > 4:8 -10 ) 
Never speak harshly to an older man , but appeal to him respectfully as you would to your own father . Talk to younger men as you would to your own brothers . Treat older women as you would your mother , and treat younger women with all purity as you would your own sisters . ( 1 < PROPFIRST > 5:1 -2 ) 
Come worship and pray to our Lord Jesus Christ tonight at the UNK Fountain from 5-7 , I know I'll be there ... 
A servant of the Lord must not quarrel but must be kind to everyone , be able to teach , and be patient with difficult people . Gently instruct those who oppose the truth . Perhaps God will change those people’s hearts , and they will learn the truth . Then they will come to their senses and escape from the devil’s trap . For they have been held captive by him to do whatever he wants . ( 2 < PROPMALE > 2:24 -26 ) 
“People are like the grass . Their beauty fades as quickly as the flowers in a field . \ 
The grass withers and the flowers fade beneath the breath of the Lord . And so it is with people . The grass withers and the flowers fade , but the word of our God stands forever . ” ( < PROPMALE > 40:6 -8 ) 
This is what the Lord says “Don’t be afraid , for I am with you . Don’t be discouraged , for I am your God . I will strengthen you and help you . I will hold you up with my victorious right hand . ” ( < PROPMALE > 41:10 ) 
I just found out that the Casting Crowns are going to be in Grand Island for the State Fair September 2 !!! :) 
This what the Lord , our God says “Do not be afraid , for I have ransomed you . I have called you by name ; you are mine . When you go through deep waters , I will be with you . When you go through rivers of difficulty , you will not drown . When you walk through the fire of oppression , you will not be burned up ; the flames will not consume you . ” ( < PROPMALE > 43:1 -2 ) 
Everything is pure to those whose hearts are pure . But nothing is pure to those who are corrupt and unbelieving , because their minds and consciences are corrupted . Such people claim they know God , but they deny him by the way they live . They are detestable and disobedient , worthless for doing anything good . ( < PROPMALE > 1:15 -16 ) 
No one person can do everything . But everyone can do something . 
What if the family turned to Jesus and stopped asking Oprah what to do ? 
Be careful what you say , for empty words and promises leave broken hearts astray . Be careful if you think you stand , for you just might be sinking . It’s a slow fade when black and white are turned to gray . And you give yourself away . People never crumble in a day !! 
Well , I almost burn down the house down today !! I sure hope that smoke smell goes away before my sister gets home 
Good people pass away ; the godly often die before their time . But no one seems to care or wonder why . No one seems to understand that God is protecting them from the evil to come . For those who follow godly paths will rest in peace when they die . ( < PROPMALE > 57:1 -2 ) 
It's a dangerous business , going out your door . You step onto the road , and if you don't keep your feet , there's no telling where you might be swept off to . 
“Sometimes we have to unlearn things , before we can learn the right things . Our minds have been clouded up and filled with a lot of things which are not really so . ” ~ < PROPFIRST > E . Hagin 
The Lord tells us in < PROPMALE > 58:10 “Feed the hungry , and help those in trouble . Then your light will shine out from the darkness , and the darkness around you will be as bright as noon . ” 
I’m in a Celtic music kind of mood 
“Be strong and courageous ! Don’t be afraid or discouraged , for there is a power far greater on our side ! He may have a great army , but they are merely men . We have the Lord our God to help us and to fight our battles for us ! ” Strong words from < PROPMALE > Hezekiah 
“Heat makes all things expand . And the warmth of love will always expand a person’s heart” 
My soul finds rest in God alone ; \ 
My salvation comes from him . \ 
\ 
He alone is my rock and my salvation ; \ 
He is my fortress , I will never be shaken . ( Psalm 62:1 -2 ) 
Consider it a sheer gift , friends , when tests and challenges come at you from all sides . You know that under pressure , your faith is forced into the open and shows its true colors . So don’t try to get out of anything prematurely . Let it do its work so you become mature and well-developed , not deficient in any way . ( The Message , < PROPFIRST > 1:2 -4 ) 
< PROPFEMALE > ALERT !!! Edmonton , KY little girl 3years old , picked up by a man driving a grey car , licenseplate : Q72B381 . Put this as your status . It could save her . This kidnapping is recent so do it . 3 seconds will not kill you . If it were your child , what would you do ??? 
Well , youth group was awesome last night even though I’m one of the best speakers , I think I did a pretty good job , and I hope the kids got something out of it !! 
Can’t wait until Saturday , to kick off my Renaissance season . And finally meet all of my fellow facebook friends who are going to be there !!! :) \ 
If anyone wants to go with me , just let me know 
They spout empty words and make covenants they don’t intend to keep . So injustice springs up among them like poisonous weeds in a farmer’s field . ( < PROPMALE > 10:4 ) Does this sound like some of the people in your life ? Spreading lies and empty promises , always letting you down . Try to stay away from these kind of people . How can righteousness be a partner with wickedness ? How can light live with darkness ? ( 2 Cor 6:14 ) 
One Day !!! 
Found out this morning that none of my Renaissance clothes fit me anymore :( Oh well I guess I just have to go as a normal person , lol 
Is Omaha bound Renaissance Faire here I come !!! 
Finally home after one of the longest , but greatest days I’ve had in a long time . It was exactly what I needed . Thanks everyone for being apart of it !! 
Finally got cought up on sleep ... 
There is nothing that our God cannot do . He will do everything if you dare to believe . 
Making new friends is Awesome !!! 
Happiness keeps You Sweet , Trials keep You Strong , Sorrows keep You Human , Failures keeps You Humble , Success keeps You Glowing , But Only God keeps You Going ! “Worry looks around , sorry looks back , Faith looks up ! ” Thank You Jesus ! 
“It’s a blessed thing to learn that God’s Word can never fail . Never listen to human plans . God can work mightily when you persist in believing Him in spite of discouragement from a human standpoint . ” ~ Smith Wigglesworth 
Found Burn Notice Season 2 on blue-ray for $22 on Amazon , while the regular version is like $37 everywhere else ! Thank you Amazon !! 
I don’t care what you’ve done in the past , or what you’ll do in the future . Just know this , I’ll always love you . Forever and a day 
I must warn you my friend . If your thinking of giving me hug , you might wanna reconsider . Because in your current state , I may never wanna let go 
“O Sovereign Lord , ” < PROPMALE > said , “I can’t speak for you ! I’m too young ! ” The Lord replied , “Don’t say , ‘I’m too young , ’ for you must go wherever I send you and say whatever I tell you . And don’t be afraid of the people , for I will be with you and will protect you . I , the Lord , have spoken ! ” 
Let us hold tightly without wavering to the hope we affirm , for God can be trusted to keep his promise . Let us think of ways to motivate one another to acts of love and good works . And let us not neglect our meeting together , as some people do , but encourage one another , especially now that the day of his return is drawing near . ( Hebrews 10:23 -25 ) 
The joys of working overnights , and taking time off . I woke up this morning , looked at the clock and saw that it said 6:30 . And had no idea if it was A.M. or P.M 
Leaves for Colorado tomorrow don’t worry I’ll at least pretend to miss all of you guys :) 
When you can't find a friend in the world , Love is reaching down .... When you can't find a friend in the world , you've got one now ! 
Is leaving for Colorado Farewell everyone , I love you , and I’ll see you all next week !! 
is in Colorado ..... 
Is having a great time in Colorado !!! So how many of you would miss me ? Because I just may never come home ... 
Heading to < PROPMALE > for the day , and while I dislike that town , at least I'm not driving ... 
Is heading home today :( 
Is home ... 
“Women were created to Dream ; Men were created to fulfill those Dreams” ~ < PROPMALE > Cooke 
wishes I could go the lake with the youth group tomorrow , but my workplace thinks I'm too important or something ... 
No Jesus = No Peace Know Jesus = Know Peace 
He comes alongside us when we go through hard times , and before you know it , he brings us alongside someone else who is going through hard times so that we can be there for that person just as God was there for us . ( 2 Corinthians 1:4 The Message ) 
Let us go right into the presence of God with sincere hearts fully trusting him . For our guilty consciences have been sprinkled with Christ’s blood to make us clean , and our bodies have been washed with pure water . Let us hold tightly without wavering to the hope we affirm , for God can be trusted to keep his promise . Let us think of ways to motivate one another to acts of love and good works . ( Hebrews 10:22 -24 ) 
Had an awesome night at work !! I got happy birthday < PROPFIRST > to me , not once , but twice and one of them was my manager !! 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone !!! I love you all !!! 
Focus on this one thing : Forgetting the past and looking forward to what lies ahead . Fight the good fight , pressing on to reach the end of the race . 
“Son of man , do not fear them or their words . Don’t be afraid even though their threats surround you like nettles and briers and stinging scorpions . Do not be dismayed by their dark scowls , even though they are rebels . ”(Ezek 2:6 ) Then he added , “Son of man , let all my words sink deep into your own heart first . Listen to them carefully for yourself . ” ( Ezek 3:10 ) 
Just got done changing the Church sign , check it out and let me know what you think ! 
Can't wait to kick of the Egypt File , VBS tonight !! It's going to be an awesome week !!!! 
This is quite possibly the greatest week of my life so far !! I love my kids !!! 
For You are awesome , God of the Nations , Lion of Judah , Rock of the Ages , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > . You're worthy of all praise , more that these hands I'll raise . I'll live a life of praise ! 
Last day of VBS :( 
Going through some pictures for the fair and realized I don’t have any to enter for animals Who wants to go shooting ? 
As surely as I live , says the Sovereign Lord , I take no pleasure in the death of wicked people . I only want them to turn from their wicked ways so they can live . Turn ! Turn from your wickedness , O people of the world ! Why should you die ? ( < PROPMALE > 33:11 ) 
I will search for my lost ones who strayed away , and I will bring them safely home again . I will bandage the injured and strengthen the weak . But I will destroy those who are fat and powerful . I will feed them , yes—feed them justice ! ~ Ezekiel 34:16 
In the morning when I raise , give me Jesus . You can have all of this world , just give me Jesus !! 
Let all that I am praise the Lord ; with my whole heart , I will praise his holy name . \ 
Let all that I am praise the Lord ; may I never forget the good things he does for me . \ 
He forgives all my sins and heals all my diseases . \ 
He redeems me from death and crowns me with love and tender mercies . \ 
He fills my life with good things . My youth is renewed like the eagle’s ! \ 
~ Psalm 103:1 -5 
Jesus isn’t present , past ; He’s present , future He doesn’t care where you’ve been in the past . He sees who you are now , and who He’s making you out to be . And He’s bring them together 
It’s simple mathematics war in heaven , one-third of the angles fell and become demons , we still out number the suckers two to one , and we have the Godhead , this isn’t a fair fight , it’s a good fight . 
I hate being sick in the summer !! Stupid cold go away !! 
Jesus and I Love each and everyone of you !!! :) 
So my sister , who’s never mowed the lawn a day in her life . Decides it would be a good idea to keep the only key to our mower in her purse , and then take it to work with her .... sigh ... 
Can't wait to go to days ... this overnights thing , and spending at least once , sometimes twice a week up for 24 hours at a time is getting a little old . 
No one is abandoned by the Lord forever . Though He brings grief , He also shows compassion because of the greatness of His unfailing love . For He does not enjoy hurting people or causing them sorrow . His Spirit remains among you , just as He promised . So do not be afraid . ( Lam . 3:31 -33 , Hag . 2:5 ) 
God realizes that you won’t be up every single day of your life . There are times when you’ll be down , and those who are up in the body of Christ can reach down and pull you up . And when there down and your up , you can reach down and pull them up . It is an on going ministry in the family of God , that allows us to continue that process of spiritual growth . ~ < PROPMALE > Hindson 
Well pie is in the oven for the potluck today at church . I just hope it turns out , and I don't burn it ... 
“If God were small enough for your minds , He wouldn’t be big enough for your needs” 
Wow , I saw this on a Baptist Church sign , and it made me laugh . “God expects spiritual fruit , not religious nuts . ” 
Is excited about helping out at the High Points Kids Carnival today from 10-3 !!!!! 
Wow , what an amazing day !! Our God is an awesome God !!! :) 
“I know all the things you do . I have seen your love , your faith , your service , and your patient endurance . And I can see your constant improvement in all these things . \ 
I know all the things you do , and I have opened a door for you that no one can close . You have little strength , yet you obeyed my word and did not deny me . ” \ 
~ Revelation 2:19 , 3:8 
I will always pray for you , and give thanks to God , the Father of our Lord . Yes , every time I think of you , I give thanks to my God . And praise Him and His most Holy name , forever , and ever amen . 
Well it’s my last night on overnights !! Days here I come !! God is so gracious in having His hand in this new chapter in my life . Providing this great opportunity . It’s been fun guys , and I’m going to miss each and very one of you !! 
Finally got my Soul Care Bible today !!! 
Eliphaz’s First Response to Job\ 
“In the past you have encouraged many people ; you have strengthened those who were weak . Your words have supported those who were falling ; you encouraged those with shaky knees . But now when trouble strikes , you lose heart . You are terrified when it touches you . Doesn’t your reverence for God give you confidence ? Doesn’t your life of integrity give you hope ? ” ~ Job 4:3 -6 
Wow , church was awesome this morning !! Praise Jesus !!!!! :) 
Day 2 on days , and still don't have this whole sleeping through the night thing figured out . I’ve been up since about 3am . Which I guess is an improvement , because the first day I was up at 2am . 
If you pray to God and seek the favor of the Almighty , and if you are pure and live with integrity , he will surely rise up and restore your happy home . And though you started with little , you will end with much . ~ Job 8:5 -7 
This is my commandment : Love each other in the same way I have loved you . There is no greater love than to lay down one’s life for one’s friends . ~ < PROPFIRST > 15:12 , 13 
For all the lefty’s out there . \ 
“We were all born left-handed ; you become right-handed when you’ve committed your first sin ! ” \ 
Thanks < PROPFEMALE > for this powerful insight , your awesome and I love you ! 
God is Good !! All the time God is Good !!! 
Is finally home after a most amazing day !! Thank you Jesus !!! :) 
Wow , I think I changed somebody’s forever today !! God is so good , all the time !! Jesus we praise and worship you for all the miraculous and wonderful things in our lives !! Thank you Lord !! 
Vantage Point meets tonight 8p-9p in the UNK Student Union rm 312 3rd floor . If anyone is interested your welcome to come and hangout with us ! 
Hello Thursday ! My busiest day of the week , and I’m not even working at Walmart on it ! lol 
Submit to God , and you will have peace ; then things will go well for you . Listen to his instructions , and store them in your heart . If you return to the Almighty , you will be restored— so clean up your life . If you give up your lust for money and throw your precious gold into the river , the Almighty himself will be your treasure . He will be your precious silver ! ~ Job 22:21 -25 
Then you will take delight in the Almighty and look up to God . You will pray to him , and he will hear you , and you will fulfill your vows to him . You will succeed in whatever you choose to do , and light will shine on the road ahead of you . If people are in trouble and you say , ‘Help them , ’ God will save them . Even sinners will be rescued ; they will be rescued because your hands are pure . ” ~ Job 22:26 -30 
So didn't really sleep tonight . I think I got abot an hour and half ! Thank you somebody who wouldn't get off the phone and talked to me for two and half hours ! lol 
Just got done reading through my first year of the bible reading plan !!!!! 
When they were discouraged , I smiled at them . My look of approval was precious to them . ~ Job 29:24 \ 
Sometimes when you don’t have the words to say , a simple smile can do the trick . Your look of approval is enough to brighten any friends day ! :) 
If something is wrong , pray to God .... If not then praise Him !! 
Three things will last forever—faith , hope , and love—and the greatest of these is love . ~ 1 Corinthians 13:13 
Now we see things imperfectly as in a cloudy mirror , but then we will see everything with perfect clarity . All that I know now is partial and incomplete , but then I will know everything completely , just as God now knows me completely . 1 Corinthians 13:12 
