Happy new year ! I hope all that God has in store for you doesn't come unexpectedly , as a thief in the night . And that before this night's over you'll get alone with God , and make sure you've gotten things right . 

Yeah . Some people told me that facebook was addicting . I didn't believe them , or Fox News . But , I think I'll believe the clock that says it's 2:08 am . Goodnight ! 
Hey everyone ! If you don't want to see a tax increase , go to this website to sign a petition that the League of American Voters is sending to Congress . It only takes a few seconds and is better than doing nothing at all . Please pass it on to all the people you know ! Renewthetaxcuts.com 
OUCH !!! I hurt . Where you ask ? EVERYWHERE ! What a day at work ! The bathtub is calling my name . Calgon , epsom salts , somebody , anybody , take me away ! Ha , ha ! 
Heavenly Father , I pray that you will forgive me of my sins . Lord , I pray that more souls get saved today at church . Holy Spirit , I pray that you will touch the hearts of all who enter its doors , so that we will be prepared to learn the lesson you have for each of us . \ 
Amen 
From a bumper sticker : Definition of a Liberal -- A person so open-minded their brain fell out ! 
A U . S . military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing his/her family while you are safe at home . In the minute it takes to read this , military members all over the world are not only saving lives , but sacrificing their own for our freedom . It's Military Appreciation Week ....... Repost this if you are in the military , love a military member , old memories of a fallen hero , or appreciate our troops ! 
Great day at the Box house ! We get to use the < PROPFIRST > to < PROPFEMALE > the kids to school ! I'm so happy ! Thanks preacher ! It will make life easier for all of us . 
If\ 
you think , that putting up a mosque 600 ft . from ground zero and have \ 
the inauguration , on the anniversary of 9/11/11 , is immoral , inhuman and\ 
a complete lack of respect for the memories of all that perished on \ 
that day and their survivors & that politicians are doing a grave injustice to the fallen heroes , their families and all the people of New\ 
York City , THEN PLEASE COPY AND PASTE THIS TO YOUR WALL . 
All went well on the way to school this morning . Everyone was on time and excited to be going back to school . < PROPFEMALE > pretended she wasn't excited , but I could tell she was . She's a great helper with the little ones , and a blessing to have on board . 
Today is going to be a great day ! Thank you Jesus . Without you I know it wouldn't be possible . 
This week's gonna be great ! I hope my back will keep up with me , because I have a lot to do . The morning may start off slow , but from there it's go , go , go ! I may want to start drinking coffee again . 
Today is going to be great ! Yep ! Started off with picking the wrong color shirts for the boys uniforms . < PROPFIRST > helped with that . Now I can't find the receipt book for the < PROPFIRST > upkeep . Eiiiieeee ! I'll figure it out . I really feel like I need that cup of coffee now ! 
My road in life is not paved by other people . 
I shouldn't be praying for < PROPFEMALE > . Has anyone else had the experience of dealing with the most stubborn boy in the world ? 
is getting ready for MONDAY . Think positive , think positive , think positive ! Nope , not convinced it'll be positive yet , but it'll positively be MONDAY ! See all you parents bright and early . Oh , there is one + note for the moneymakers -- no $ due tomorrow for the < PROPFIRST > ride . You get a break this week . That'll help start your week in a positive mood ! 
Today is a good day . The boys on the < PROPFIRST > were good , and we made it to school in this rain that we have been needing for so long . Thank you Lord for the rain ! Now , Lord , please send an angel to clean my house . ( Don't use lightning/wind/rain please ! ) 
My right hip is out . O'neal ( Chiropractor ) can't see me till 5:30 this pm and I have class at 6pm that I can't afford to miss . Please pray that God will let me get this fixed , so I don't have to miss more work or school . ( Don't worry parents of < PROPFIRST > children . I can still drive ) . I just have a hard time getting into the < PROPFIRST > . 
It's official , the devil must know my name . I had to give a present . in Eng . tonight . We had to speak on an essay we've done . I decided to talk about an essay I wrote on my role as a Christian . In it , I gave the plan of Salvation to the class . When I got outside I had a flat tire . Yay ! I must have gotten through to someone ! And my back is feeling better , even after changing a tire in the rain ! Thank you Jesus . 
Despite the rain and the fact that I was late picking them up , the kids made it to school without being tardy . My alarm clock's going to have to buzz earlier , and my lead foot's going to have to lighten up , or I'm going to get another ticket ! 
To the parents of Grace Baptist Church School kids : School is delayed for 2 hours tomorrow due to the flooding caused by rains . School closing is still a possibility due to tropical storm . If Onslow County schools close , then Grace will be closed too . I'll keep you posted . 
' Night , sleep tight , and don't forget to turn out the lights . 
After a rainy day couped up in the house with these two boys of mine , I realize just how much I've been missing them since they started back to school . 
It's Husband Appreciation Week ! \ 
If you have an amazing husband who's been with you through the thick and thin , who has been a true blessing in your life and whom you are PROUD to be married to today , re-post this with your wedding date : 11/06/1993 
Hey Everyone . Please include < PROPFIRST > Box in your prayers . He is my husband's uncle . He is in the hospital and has a superbug staph infection in his right arm . This staph is resistant to most antibiotics , and he has been told that he may lose his arm . 
is consistently losing it . 
found it ! 
is needing everyone to pray for her husband < PROPMALE > . His back is out AGAIN and he's having a really hard time getting it back into place . ALSO , keep < PROPMALE > Ottaway in prayers for open heart surgery coming up on Friday . 
wants to remind parents of Grace Baptist School being closed for < PROPMALE > Day tomorrow . 
I am AMERICAN !! I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the republic for which it stands , one nation under God , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and justice for all !! I grew up reciting this every morning in school . It is a shame we no longer do ... for fear of OFFENDING someone !! Let's see how many < PROPFEMALE > ns will re-post this and not care about offending someone !! 
needs some sleep . Goodnight . 
Today is a great day . Tomorrow will be better . I love Old Fashioned Sunday ! I'm going to do what I can today to invite as many people as I can to come . I pray that anyone who walks through the doors and is not saved comes to know Jesus as their Saviour ! 
says she doesn't want to go to school ! It's nasty outside , and the last time it rained she had to change a tire on her truck ! By the time it was changed she was soaked and needed a change ! 
Wake up folks ! I've got a lot to do today , and my time is already running out ! Thank you Lord for another beautiful day ! 
For my fellow U.S. citizens , We have a priviledge to vote in this country . This is a reminder to do your duty to serve your country . I will be praying for the outcome of this election , and for God to guide me in choosing the right candidates for the jobs . Please take time to vote today . May God bless you , and may He once again bless the United States of < PROPFEMALE > . \ 
Sincerely , In Jesus ' Name , < PROPFEMALE > Box 
is tiiiirrred ! Remind me that I'm not as young as I used to be , but don't dare tell me I'm old ! 
Please pray for my Mom . Her name is < PROPFEMALE > Hardin and she went to the hospital this morning . She has been diagnosed with congestive heart failure . The Drs . are running a catheter through and we're waiting on results . 
Open heart surgery is on the agenda and scheduling will be decided tomorrow for my Mom . Praise God ! She is saved ! So , if she should go , I know I will see her again . I'm keeping hope though , that God will let her stay here . Please keep praying , and thank you for all your prayers . 
is having a hard time sleeping . I'm thinking about < PROPMALE > and the boys . I miss them . I'm also concerned about my Mom . She's doing better , but her heart and lungs are both weak . The Drs . still haven't made clear when & what kind of surgery my Mom will have . They are leaning toward stints , but said it's \dicey\ " areas to put them . Please keep praying . " 
I'm sorry I haven't updated on FB lately . For those praying for my Mom , < PROPFEMALE > Hardin , thank you . Yesterday afternoon , the head of Cardiology at < PROPMALE > Mem . Hosp ., ( he's the only one who dared to touch her , because of the risk ) , put 3 stents in/around her heart . The surgery went well . 
In memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it ! Put this up for1-hour if you know someone who has or had cancer . \ 
Many won't copy and paste . I did . Will you ? Love to those who are in the fight !! 
I just want to ... THANK YOU LORD . Please bless those who bless others . 
has an amazing husband , who works tirelessly even when the work doesn't pay . I love him soooo much ! 
I am so undeservingly blessed ! Thank you Lord ! 
This morning starts off great .... so I think . 
The wisest man/woman knows just how stupid he/she is . 
Six inches of snow here at our house so far . 
Hey everyone ! < PROPMALE > wanted me to tell you that Mid Atlantic Liquidators @ 4618 Market St in Wilmington ( close to Kerr Ave ) , is having an auction on their granite countertops this Friday the 14th @ 10am . 
TO ALL THE GRACE BAPTIST SCHOOL PARENTS . I believe < PROPMALE > will want to have a little extra time to drive tomorrow , so please be at the church by 7:15 am . THANK YOU ! 
Oh , the fun of working for free . Weeeee ! 
I'm fixin ' to have one less dog . She better be barking at SOMETHING this time ! This has been going on for over an hour now . Any ideas to help ? I don't have a muzzle , except on my gun . ( And no I wouldn't; though it's getting tempting . ) 
My husband's the best .... I'm just sayin ' . 
Heads up ! We had a ton of people today that were diagnosed with the flu . Most were suffering from the congestion type and the stomach type at the same time . Ugggh ! I'm getting the flu shot tomorrow . I hope I don't get the flu before the shot has a < PROPMALE > to work . 
Well , I am old enough now . I'm ready to be young enough again . :} 
. is EXPECTING AGAIN !! I know , I know , it's crazy isn't it ? I can't believe it myself . I wasn't going to put it on here because it's obvious but wanted to make it official . I mean who would have guessed that we are expecting AGAIN !! Yup it's official .. We are expecting * RAIN * tonight and AGAIN tomorrow !! ** Re-post if you have any sense of humor .!! ** 
... will be glad when it pays to go to work . 
This was posted by my friend < PROPFIRST > with a little tweaking of my own : LOL ! \ 
THE SENILITY PRAYER :\ 
Lord , < PROPMALE > me the senility to forget the people I never liked anyway , \ 
the good fortune to run into the ones I do , and the eyesight to tell the difference . 
PLEASE PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS FOR ONE HOUR , IF YOU OR SOMEONE YOU LOVE HAS DIABETES . MY PRAYER IS THAT IN 2011 A CURE WILL BE FOUND . WILL YOU POST IT ? JUST FOR ONE HOUR ? DO IT FOR ALL OF US FIGHTING AND IN MEMORY OF TOO MANY WHO DIED FIGHTING IT ! 
LET'S SEE WHO IS PAYING ATTENTION . EVERY SINGLE ONE OF U ARE ON MY LIST AS A RESULT OF A CONSCIOUS DECISION I MADE ! I AM NOT ONLY GLAD TO COUNT U AS FRIENDS BUT ALSO FAMILY . LET'S SEE WHO ACTUALLY PAYS ATTENTION . COPY THIS AS YOUR STATUS JUST FOR A MINUTE . I'LL BE WATCHING TO SEE WHO REALLY DOES < PROPFEMALE > FAMILY & FRIENDSHIP . THANK YOU ... FOR BEING PART OF MY LIFE !.. : ) 
Gotta get some sleep . Driving a < PROPFIRST > full of boys to school is something I'm not used to anymore . My husband spoiled me . I wish he'd spoil me some more . ;) 
Time to get off of FB and on to better play things ... ;} 
Keep true to those who are there for you and dismiss those who only pretend to be . 
For all of us who could use Sketcher's Shape Ups , I thought I'd let you know they're on sale at Shoe Carnival until the 26th for $69.99 . That's $30.00 off ! 
would love to be too old to feel this young , instead of too young to feel this old . I need my back cracker , but I'll have to settle for Calgon . 
I hope everyone has a great day ! I'm off to get my evaluation from my internship supervisor . I hope it's good . :) 
What do you do with a boy who has broken his wrist in the same place three times ? Pray for him ? Yes , I'm doing that . Bubble wrap him ? NEVER . 
Scheduled my CMA certification exam for 18th at 1:00 pm . Please pray that I'll do well . I'm ready to get to work ! 
My whole house is sleeping and I plan to join them now . Goodnight FB . Sweet Dreams . I plan to pray for those affected by the earthquake and tsunami . 
I won't mention any names , but I wonder who's already broken their New Year's resolutions ? 
I have a personal reason for ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour . I know the ones that will !! Think of the ones you know or love who have or had cancer . My wish is that 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for 1 hour . Do it for all . There are too many to mention who have fought and who are fighting . 
So my hubby walks by , cracks one , and says \\" Ain't it nice to know you have a husband that can still \ " blow you away ? \"\" Hmmm ... the < PROPMALE > for romance flew out the window . " 
Correction on my last status . Do to the influence of fumes I didn't remember < PROPMALE>'s line . He said , \\" Ain't it good to have a husband who can still \ " take your breath away . \"\" Needless to say ... he leaves me breathless . " 
I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > , AND TO THE REPUBLIC FOR WHICH IT STANDS , ONE NATION , UNDER GOD , INDIVISIBLE , WITH < PROPFEMALE > AND JUSTICE FOR ALL ! WE GREW UP RECITING THIS EVERY MORNING IN SCHOOL WITH OUR HANDS ON OUR HEARTS . WE NO LONGER DO THAT FOR FEAR OF OFFENDING SOMEONE !!! LET'S SEE HOW MANY < PROPFEMALE > NS WILL RE-POST THIS & NOT CARE ABOUT OFFENDING SOMEONE 
Nineteen years ago today , < PROPMALE > proposed marriage to me . With all the twists and turns on the road of life , I wouldn't want to travel with anyone else . I love my husband ! 
Soooo ... I PASSED my state certification exam ! Woohoo ! I wish I knew my score , but I'll settle for passing . I have to wait up to 8 weeks to get the score and that doesn't make sense to me . Anyway , look out all you sick people ! I'm ready to get to work ! ;) 
My children's laughter makes my heart soar ! Maybe I don't need wings after all . 
I'm taking my youngest to get x-rays tomorrow on his broken arm . I hope it's healing correctly . < PROPMALE>'s hoping the doctor will let him use a splint for the remainder of the healing . Haha ! I don't care what the Dr. says , it ain't happening ! 
< PROPMALE > got a new cast today . It is red this time with room for more signing . :) 
Going to see my mom ! The boys are going with me as a surprise for her . We're hoping , also to get some gem hunting in while we're there . WooHoo ! Maybe we'll strike it < PROPMALE > ! 
I feel like I really accomplished something today . The boys & I hiked to the towers at Crowder Mtn looking for gems along the way . My legs felt like jello , but we hiked about 6 < PROPMALE > on Rocktop Trail 2.8 mi . ( rated strenuous ) & Crowder Trail 3mi . ( rated moderate ) . I wish < PROPMALE > were here with us though . :) 
Curse Crowder's Mountain and it's gemstones too ! NO . I wouldn't actually curse them . After all , no one twisted my arms to climb that mountain . It just feels like they twisted everything else ! 
Almost finished with our new shower . < PROPMALE > has done a great job . Now I have to put in the shower floor . It will look awesome when I'm done , but may take a while to fill in a 34in X 60in area with all these glass marble drops . Woohoo ! ( I'm psyching myself up ! ) 
April Fools Day isn't a joke when it makes someone cry . 
Dear Mr. President , I hear you would like to freeze pay rates for military starting next year . Would you also consider cutting your own pay to save more money for our country ? While you're at it , lets cut down all congressman's pay too . If the people who risk their lives don't get an increase in pay , why should we continue raising pay for those who take no risks and reap the benefits ? REPOST if you support troops . 
Good news ! < PROPMALE > & I are both working ! Bad news . We're working on each other's nerves , and it doesn't pay . Hmmm ... I think it's time for a job that pays . 
