205-317-3066 text me bitches ! 

Tired of being fucking single . 
Shittles , taste the asshole . 
Someone talk to me . I'm bored . 
What do you call Buddha lighting his fart on fire ? Enlightenment . 
Today a young man acid discovered that all matter is merely energy condensed to a slow vibration that we are all once consciousness experiencing itself subjectively . Life is just a dream and we are the imaginations of ourselves . Here's < PROPMALE > with the weather ! 
I hate the faces of people who have faces . 
Oh my nonexistent God ! I am so fucking tired of drama . 
Aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy , it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are , the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae . Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef , but the wrod as a wlohe . If you can raed tihs , psot it to yuor wlal . Olny 55% of plepoe can raed tihs ! 
There's a reason we don't have superpowers . It's because there is a moment in everyone's life where they just wanna watch the world burn . It seems like its gonna be one of those days . 
Attention everyone . Don't waste your time with app invites like mafia wars and the like . I will ignore them . 
Just randomly figured out how to play The Terminator theme on the guitar . 
Ok , it looks like I am going to have to say this again . Please do not send me any invitations for apps like Zoo World Mafia Wars etc . Event invites and group invites are alright . If I have to repeat myself more than 5 times I'm just gonna start removing people from my friends list . 
Every time you shart you lose a little bit of your dignity . 
Fuckin bored 
I am going to bed . Peace out people ! 
Whoa ! My stomach just growled and it sounded like it does in some cartoons . Actually it sounded like Goku in Drangonball Z ........ I must be really fuckin hungry . 
Mmmmmm . Pizza 
You know the term douchebag ? I have heard people call each other that , and I have seen an actual douche . But I have never seen an actual douchebag . There's my random thought for the day . 
If anyone hasn't checked out Serj Tankian's smyphony version of Elect The Dead you fucking need to !!! 
I am so sick of hearing big ass dogs barking in the middle of the night on to the wee hours of the morning . People really need to learn to keep their animals in at night if they are gonna make noise . At least my dogs shut the fuck up when you tell them to . 
Being bored sucks big hairy balls . 
You are stupid ! You are stupid , and don't forget you are stupid ! 
Nigga gimme that sandwich ! 
popcicles kick ass ! 
I am off to bed . I wish you all a good night , and the best wet dream you ever had . 
My dad woke me up this morning to put on a DVD because , \he didn't know how to\ " How fucking idiotic do you have to be to not be able to work a DVD player ? There is no excuse outside of brain damage for being that fucking stupid . " 
Everybody was kung fu fightiiiing duh duh duh duh duh duh duuuh !!! 
Got a new track up on myspace . Go and check it out ! Just go to myspace under music and type in Unborn Addiction . It's called a better version of untitled . It's not complete but comments are appreciated . Good day ! 
Good night everyone . Take it easy . 
Is it me , or myspace almost completely dead now ? 
Wow , I'm actually learning a song on the guitar rather than just fucking around for once ! 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA !!! Oh ! Just pooped a little .... 
Has the sudden urge to headbutt a panda . 
With my feet upon the ground , I move myself between the sounds and open wide to suck it in . I feel it move across my skin . I'm reaching up and reaching out . I'm reaching for the random or whatever will bewilder me , whatever will bewilder me . 
I want a fuckin snuggie ..... I love those 2 words in a sentence , \fuck\ " and \ " snuggie \"" 
I'm just curious , but does anyone have a clue on how many subgenres of metal there is ? No lie . I once heard a Polka metal band . 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > Steele .... 
I hate it when people yell at you for the slightest little mistake . Like its going to make the situation any fucking better . All yelling at someone is going to do is A . piss them off B . make them nervous making their performance even worse or C . all of the above . Calm and rational is the way to go . 
Started watching Mobile Suit Gundam 00 . Surprisingly good show . 
Should be getting a car soon ! Now I can finally have a life and go and see all of my friends ! I haven't been this excited since I masturbated for the first time ... 
Yay ! I finally got a car ! 
Don't you hate it when people take their sweet ass time doing something ? Or don't notify you ahead of time that you need to do something , and wait till the last possible second to tell you ? I do . 
Does anyone know how to set up a musician profile here on facebook ? Myspace is just fuckin dead these days .... 
All men to the poop deck for an emergency announcement ! 
I went out driving today . I might be a 20 year old loser who sould have had his license at 16 , but nonetheless I feel accomplished . 
You are a naughty child , and that is concentrated evil coming out the back of you ! 
Hooray ! Tornado Sirens ! 
Only after the last fish is caught , and the last river poisoned will you realize that money cannot be EATEN !!!! 
I'm not gonna hurt ya . I'm just gonna bash your fuckin brains in !!! I'm gonna bash ' em right the fuck in ! 
I hate those days when you wake up feeling like shit for no good reason . 
Today has been a suckass day . 
We can't stop here .... This is bat country ! 
There is a turd in the the punch bowl . 
It's just a ride .... 
It's amazing how one day I can have nothing but appreciation for life , and the next day I just wanna watch the world burn ... 
Just found a four leaf clover . Aren't I the lucky < PROPFEMALE > bastard ? 
Feels like complete utter crap . Having a cold sucks ... 
Tired of sitting at home all the time . I really need to get back in school . 
Fuck ! I'm bored . 
Well I succeeded in hitting a mailbox today . Go me ! 
Click on \like\ " if I've ever made you smile \ 
I swear if this damn kid next door doesn't stop following me around every time I go out to smoke this fat kid is gonna have himself a toddler sandwich tonight ... 
Who the fuck ? And what the the fuck ? And how did you two fucks fuckin ?....... FUCK !!! Certainly illustrates the diversity of the word . 
My shadow's\ 
\ 
Shedding skin and\ 
I've been picking\ 
Scabs again . \ 
I'm down\ 
Digging through\ 
My old muscles\ 
Looking for a clue . \ 
I've been crawling on my belly\ 
Clearing out what could've been . \ 
I've been wallowing in my own confused\ 
And insecure delusions\ 
For a piece to cross me over\ 
Or a word to guide me in . \ 
I wanna feel the changes coming down . \ 
I wanna know what I've been hiding in\ 
My shadow . 
Dying felt so goddamn good today ... If I was ever alive well thats hard to say ... 
Summer time can go and fuck itself . This fat kid is staying inside . 
Going down to the gas station for a slushie and a black n mild . I wonder how this combination is going to be ... 
Selling is legal . Fucking is legal . Why isn't selling fucking legal !? 
THIS IS AN IMPORTANT PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT !!! I hate your face . 
It ' way too fuckin hot outside ... Times like these I wish I had a pool . 
Icee's are like crack to me in the summer time . 
Anyone want a Chocolate Lab puppy for free ? Let me know . 
Mwuahahahah ! Fuck you Windows Vista ! You will not be missed ! 
I have an idea for a drinking game . Well , at least for Dax Riggs fans . Pop in your favorite Acid Bath/Agents Of Oblivion/Deadboy And The Elephantmen etc . cd in . Now take a shot every time you hear Dax say , \Yeah\ " or \ " Alright\ " . You should at the very least have a good buzz going after the first song . " 
Again , does anyone want a female chocolate lab puppy ? If so please let me know . 
Is very fucking irritated . 
New Unborn Addiction song should be coming soon . Hopefully within the next week or so . 
Woke up on my own today . No phone calls no nothing . It's almost worthy of an orgasm . 
Can't wait for the new Blind Guardian album to come out . 
I hate living in the bible belt . It seems people have forgotten why our founding fathers came in here in the first place . To be free from religious persecution . To be able to live our lives as we see fit . I have experienced this first hand this morning . If you are Christian or Muslim or even in the church of the flying spaghetti monster that is your own perogative . Just respect my beliefs , and I will do the same . 
Worked out for the first time in god knows how long yeserday . Feeling better already , and a bit hungry too . 
Any of you tech savvy bastards know how to burn movies on ubuntu ? Please let me know . 
My microwave is trying to tell me something . This is a bad omen indeed . 
* sigh * If people around my house don't start using common courtesy and putting out another roll of toilet paper when the other one runs out I'm gonna be using their faces to wipe my ass with . 
It is hotter than Satan's asscrack outside . 
Sesame Chicken = orgasmic 
Needs to get out and do something today . So , what's going on people ? 
Cleaned out my closet yesterday . Didn't get my last load into the dryer until 2 this morning . Still got 2 or 3 more loads to go . 
Dreamin ' of that face again . It's bright and blue and shimmerin ' . 
Frisbeetarianism is the belief that when you die , your soul goes up on the roof and gets stuck . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Carlin 
I keep shit stinkin ' in my droors so I can keep fuzzy funkin ' for ya ! 
Listening to the new Blind Guardian album . It's pretty badass so far . 
On the last song of the new Blind Guardian album . So it's official . Badass fuckin album ! 
I was right in the middle of a fucking reptile zoo ! And some was giving booze to these goddamn things . 
Creeping like frost as slow as grave moss . Like drowning in dry oceans of bone dust . I see the wreckage of crumbling faces . I know the pale thing in the darkest of places . 
hey 
My facebook mobile is now disabled . So this is now the real < PROPFIRST > if you hear from me . 
It seems everyone is getting all excited about football season . Am I the only one who could honestly give a fuck less ? 
When I go into a bad neighborhood I always wear a condom . You know .... for protection . 
Feeling depressed for no good reason .... guess I need a manpon . 
It's starting to get cold . Fuckin love it ! 
Well today was exciting . I think I am gonna go ahead and go to bed , and possibly play with my morning wood in the morning .... Don't judge me . 
Sweet zombie Jesus on a pogo stick waving a dildo about ! Blind Guardian is gonna be at The Masquerade on December 19th ! Road trip+ actually being old enough to drink+ seeing Blind Guardian = one hell of a night my friends ! 
I really hate it when people don't lift the toilet seat when taking a piss . It pisses me off when I go in the bathroom to take a nice humpdy dump and there is piss all on the toilet seat . Ok . I'm done ranting now . 
Putthis on your status if you know or love someone \ 
who is gay . Being gay is not a disease nor a choice . People who are gay \ 
are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS ... 93% won't \ 
copy and paste this . Will you make it your status ...... for at least one\ 
hour ? ... Promote ... LOVE ... & ... Acceptance ! NOT hate ! 
' bout to smoke a cigarette , and then go to bed . 
Going to bed now . I lost my phone so if I don't answer you know why . 
Tonight has been one goddamn stressful night . For any mistakes I have made . For anyone I might have pissed off . I sincerely apologize . It was not my intention . I'm just handling things the best I know how . 
Going to bed in a good mood , and I'm out of cigarettes . A rare occassion indeed . 
Apparently A Perfect Circle played Diary Of A Love Song at their latest show .... Goddamnit !!! I reallllllly wish I could have gone . 
Thinking and hoping on what the future may bring . Going to sleep , and wishing to see the world anew very soon . 
Son of a bitch . The transmission is going out in my car . 
my new number is 4416146 for anyone who wants it 
Couldn't get to sleep until 4 or 5 in the morning . Then I heard my neighbors dog barking his fucking head off . I think it's time to take Ol ' Yeller to the woodshed ... 
Nah , You're talking to my guy all wrong . Do it again I'll burn your nipples with a branding iron . 
Fuck ! It's snowing again ! 
.... Why can't some people figure out technology for themselves ? It shouldn't be that damn hard to figure out you can scroll up and down with the arrow keys . 
I like the cold , but damnit this snow really needs to melt already . 
In all of our lives we do horrible things . It's the human condition , but it's how we learn from the the bad things we have done and trying our best not to repeat them that truly makes us good people . 
You and I wake up to the Zombie Apocalypse together . Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? ( Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this in your status so I can comment on yours . ) 
I just bought a single black n mild , and on it said , \NOT FOR INDIVIDUAL SALE . \ " Personally I find this hilarious . " 
Somewhere right now a NURSE is getting yelled at for being late with pain meds , while holding her bladder because she doesn't have time to pee , starving because she missed her break , being pooped/peed/bled on , and is missing her family while taking care of yours . In the minute you took to read this , NURSES all over the world are saving lives . Re-post this if you are a nurse , love a nurse , or appreciate one . 
Holy dogshit . Aloke Dutta is doing rhythm lessons through skype . For all of you don't know this was < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > from Tool's teacher . ..... Holy jumping Christ on a pogostick I want to take these lessons . 
My room is clean . I feel better . Tomorrow I shall get everything organized and my room shall be awesome once more . 
I need someone to come with me to go and get my license sometime this week . Any takers ? 
Here's my cheap attempt at having a date on < PROPFIRST>'s Day . Woohoo ! < PROPFIRST>'s Day is coming up , copy this on your status and see what you get in your inbox :\ 
Gold : be my valentine\ 
Red : I used to like you\ 
Orange : will you be mine ? \ 
Yellow : I think you're cute\ 
... Green : I want to get to kno you better 
It's been said that friends can go long periods of time without seeing each other and never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live , and they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy .. but you will ALWAYS love them . Re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends , they will know who they are ! 
Feels like a complete dumbass that he didn't start using a metronome until now . 6 years of playing guitar without a metronome ! Oh well . I'm making progress , and better late than never . 
Can't fuckin sleep .... 
Counting bodies like sheep to the rhythm of the war drums . 
Job interview today . Everyone wish me luck . 
