Im addicted to this lifestyle 

today is acutally a good day 
its my dog birthday 
jus gott home , and got my cast . 
< PROPMALE > fucking wells BRICK SQUAD 
like a blind man , you cant see tha kid , im like a def man cuz you cant tell me shit 
I keep thinkin about how young can you die from old age ?? 
ill smoke a nigga like a pack of dem newports 
Get you some business and stay up outa mine 
Flow insane like cocaine in tha vain 
I quit school and it not because im lazy im jus not tha socil type and campus life is crazy understand i can get money with my eyes closed 
I think its funny how money change everything when i got that chevy niggas aint look at me tha same but i dont worry and jus do my thing 
Im yo favorite hero's , favorite hero . 
Do i go in or do i go in im not yo kin im not yo friend ill make yo brain come out yo < PROPFEMALE > 
i woke up this mornin feelin like money 
Why yo scary ass lookin ' down pick ya head up , N o-o ne told you yo disguise is the most ridiculous get up , With nose plugs in now I can smell a set up , So ya just wastin ya time , ya just only makin me better . 
im feelin brand new , hat to tha socks , fellin brand new , like they pulled me out tha box 
Im super super silly , i smoke like a chimney , yo girl say she miss me , so you better watch me , cuz i move like < PROPMALE > i snatch yo girl up , nigga you cant stop me . 
Im lil boi < PROPMALE > from the 850 ima mass murder nigga its just my flow \ 
yeah im 5 6 i < PROPFEMALE > 2 clips ill rip ya n split cha have u calling the \ 
doctor to stich ya 
When I come thru your town yo whole squad better bow down ill hitcha \ 
with the chopper leave u with a frown then I dip out smoking on yo perp u\ 
can call me a jerk I look back wit a smerk 
they call me dr < PROPMALE > killin is just a hobby 2 black vettes pulling up \ 
on yo set i winked at yo girl she got instanly wet silver chain same \ 
color as the bullets in the chamber one word 2 describe me DANGER 
My name lil semi , there aint no flaw in me , run up on me thats one to yo kidney , eyes supa low cuz im smokein like a chimney . 
Im lil nigga wit big balls , anybody wanna battle ill murk all yall , my flow insane like cocain in tha vain , if you run up on me , you playin with yo life , cuz i aint that nice , ill shoot yo ass twice , and at tha end of the night , ill be layin with yo wife . N i wrote this in to minutes , so its heavy like a death sentence . 
I come from a different crew , you fuck with me ill get to you , a clip or 2 will cripple you , jus cuz i aint got shit to do , pistol pop ah pussy drop , drama never ever stop , my name LIL Semi and you can find me chillin at tha top . 
nobody no you , they jus no yo homeboi , they dont even recognize you , when you out alone boy , you dont do what you say , you dont say what you do , make me do a double take jus to see if its true , stop lying to tha public , cuz you no you got mo strings attached then a muppet , you aint even in control you jus followin tha blind , so get up out my face bc you wastein my time . So to everybody listenin hit me up if want hear a line . 
You jus runnin yo < PROPMALE > sucka , you dont want it with me nigga , i dont play with fuck niggas , i keep one in my chamber , so if you run up on me im releasein this anger , when ever im in danger , all it is , is squeezein my finger . 
Im a mothafuckin gangsta , yes i no this , so if you run up on me thats 2 to yo chest , when i take my shirt off , i reveal my vest , now you understand y im labeled tha best . 
chillin with tha big bruh 
like my nigga say why so serious , you niggas are delirious , my lines so furious , im tha illest nigga period , and if you dont feel my shit , ima be peepin at yo bitch , if yo really want her you better cuff her cuz nigga ill take her with one line , they say semi got tha best rymes 
chillen at tha crib , with tha boo 
They say time is money and money is time , then u niggas must be broke for hatein on mine 
had a long day , then had to go to TMH , left at 4 in da mornin , so today better be better .. 
Shit has hit tha fan officially ... 
I was doing good way be4 I met u , Now ur off tha set\ 
Ima let you see the show go on without you\ 
Take a bow , think about it\ 
And hopefully we can be friends , but I really doubt it\ 
See u be catching feelings now and I be catching cases\ 
The story of my life , ur jus another page , But everythings good until it goes bad\ 
N your gonna tell all the people about the fun you used to have\ 
It hurts when it don't last 
My Mama used to tell me if u can't find somethin to live for , you best find somethin to die for . 
Why am I fighting to live , if I'm just living to fight\ 
Why am I trying to see , when there aint nothing in sight\ 
Why am I trying to give , when no one gives me a try\ 
Why am I dying to live , if I'm just living to die ? \ 
someone tell me y” 
I set goals , take control , drink out my own bottle\ 
I make mistakes but learn from every one\ 
And when it's said and done\ 
I bet this brother be a better one\ 
If I upset you dont stress\ 
Never forget , that God isn't finished with me yet . 
I am crazy , but you know what else , I don't give a fuck ! 
Get tha picture , ill get yall frames 
Made men bunch of made ass niggas , when u paid then you with some paid ass niggas , i herd that money grow on trees , so i grew one , left my old bitch at home got a new one . 
My lil homie askd me what to do , i told its better to ask for forgiveness then to ask me for permissin . 
Im up 24 hours , money and tha power , stuntin on tha hoes and shitin on tha cowards 
They say kush is my colonge , i say is it me , im easyer to smell than i am to see . 
we aint buddy , we aint partnas , and we damn sho aint friends , so much chrome on my chevy u see yo face in my rims , if yo bitch wanna roll ima let her get in , i dont play but ima playa to tha motha fuckin end . 
No remorse for you fuck niggas and yo pitbull lookin girls , you no where to find me so come see me sport ! 
Money dont sleep , there for i cant rest , AK-47 my fuckin adress 
Tha weed like a ford , you no im smokein that lol chevy all day baby 
If you lookin for me , i aint hard to find , you no u dont want this two times , so grab a gun if you want and thats how yo life gon get took . 
