just chillen 

Needs to get out the house hit me up . 
eh 
needs < PROPFEMALE > get out the house 
bouts to smoke 
bout to smoke chyea bakeage 
bored 
is sitting at home super bored 
jus chillen 
sitten at home bored 
fucken bored as always 
Super bored just got done watch Trick r Treat 
so confused it could drive a man insane 
dwelling on the past wishen i could see the future 
BBR 
wired 
just kicken it 
“To stop the flow of music would be like the stopping of time itself , incredible and inconceivable . ” ........ jammen 
Super bored 
Chillen at home hit me up 
BOOOOOOOOORRRRRRRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEDDDDDDDD Spend to much time at home 
chillen 
HOLY FUCKSTICK !!!! 
das chillen finally updated and put pics up of my son 
O Chyea 
just got off work and bored 
is super bored 
Such bullshit i have to ask permission to take my son overnight .... and she says I'll think about it . Wow the worlds fucked up 
oh chyea 
discombobulated 
kicken it 
chillaxen 
Jus got home not to long ago just kicken it 
ALL RIGHTY THEN !!! 
jus got off wrk been up since 4am tryna figure what im gonna do with the rest my day hit me up 
game over man game over ... there is no RESET button lmao 
CHYEA !!! 
oh no they've discovered my secret identity ..... that i am the BOOGEYMAN !!! 
Thinks it sucks cuz my 21st lands on dam sunday 
BORED 
ALRIGHTY THEN !!!!!!!!!!!! 
is chillaxen hellz yeah 
back at home just dropped Aiden off had fun today 
had a great with my son just kicken it sucks that i gotta work at 4am so much for my first legal beer at midnight lol 
had a great day with my son just kicken it sucks that i gotta work at 4am so much for my first legal beer at midnight lol 
CHYEAH !!! 
Somebody once told me the world is gonna roll me . I ain't the sharpest tool in the shed . She was looking kind of dumb with her finger and her thumb In the shape of an \L\ " on her forehead . Well the years start coming and they don't stop coming . Back to the rule and I hit the ground running . Didn't make sense not to live for fun . Your brain gets smart but your head gets dumb . " 
goen to pick up the wee man and take him to the docs 
Chillen at the crib with the wee man 
dropped the wee man at his moms jus kicken it at the crib .... bored 
Last night kicked ass !! 
today's been pretty lame ... boorrrreeeeddddd .... 
borrreeeddddd 
got the wee man overnight 
just chillen at the crib 
so wake up to my cell alarm and sit up on my couch and woe and behold the basement was flooded ... what a great day to start the morning 
tired 
can already sense that todays gonna suck 
done rearranged the basement 
SO AVP IS THE FOOKEN SHYT 
blah 
got the wee man for the day XD 
you know i think back to the choices ive made and the work insanity comes to mine .... wheres a time machine when you need one 
off work dont have any shyt to do jus chillaxen 
Light thinks it travels faster than anything but it is wrong . No matter how fast light travels , it finds the darkness has always got there first , and is waiting for it . 
haven fun with the wee man 
BLAH 
kicken it at the crib bored 
feeling like crap fricken sucks 
DAS GOOD EVENING 
SNOOCHIE BOOCHIE 
so im sitting here watching old school X-men cartoon bored out of mind and think to myself wow .... imma dork 
just got home from work 
gets his car today chyea 
guess i wont get my car till tomorrow 
This is my BOOMSTICK !! 
bored out of my mind 
sitten at the crib with the wee man 
not only am i kicken it with the wee man but car is finally fixed hellz yea 
gotta take the wee man home tonight 
kicken it at the crib 
so dont want to work tonight 
FML :-( 
There are all sorts of topics and themes that just recur time and time again , which either means people have less imagination or that people never get bored of them ... or both ! 
Bout to head into PV and kick it for a bit hit up the cell 
just got done at Aidens checkup just kicken it at the crib now 
jus put the wee man to bed chillaxen now 
just got home not to long ago kicken it 
he best part about procrastination is that you are never bored , because \ 
you have all kinds of things that you should be doing . 
The best part about procrastination is that you are never bored , because \ 
Bout to watch Avatar for the first time 
Chillen at the crib 
kicken it at the crib with the wee man 
boredom ..... sucks ......... blahhh 
goen crazy 
Blah 
super bored it sucks 
bored watching Dr. Who 
believes if mindless tedium broken only by small amounts of happiness is what ppl call life then i want a refund 
taken the weeman home here soon then idk 
Took a longer nap than i expected prolly gonna be up all night now lol 
bout to watch The Wolfman 
chillen , drinken 
Where is my mind 
just kicken it at the crib bored right now 
wondering what will happen if i touch the green wire to the red wire 
bout to watch \The Warriors \"" 
Can you DIG IT !!! 
kicken it at the crib jus put the wee man to sleep 
Playen Red Dead Redemtion 
hellz to the yeah 
done with work ... bored kicken it at the crib 
what to do ... what to do ??? 
watchen samurai < PROPFIRST > 
just one of them nights 
about to watch some boondocks then pass out 
FML i give up 
wee man is asleep just gonna kick it 
Just put the wee man down for a nap thinken about doen the same 
twas a good nap 
Bored 
just kicken it at the crib 
just got dont watch < PROPMALE > Kane it was a dam good movie 
feels like someone hooked a blender up in his head and pressed purae 
thinks that if you want me to be more like < PROPFIRST > Cullen , I could get a \ 
bad haircut , roll around in glitter and be emotionally abusive . 
thinks it is a great idea to keep some people's phone < PROPFIRST > in your \ 
phone just so you know not to answer when they call . 
just got done watch Re-animator super bored and cant sleep 
doesnt want to hear about your problems i have plenty of my own .... shit happens or kharma has come back to bite you in the ass but one way or another you'll survive everyone else does 
bout to go to work 
is attempting to give a damn . 
wants to walk through the intensive care unit dressed as the grim reaper 
is \ 
going crazy ... Want to come ? 
S.B.R. watchen the last airbender 
Just got back from picken up the weeman 
isn't saying there should be a capital punishment for stupidity , but why\ 
don't we just take the safety labels off everything and let the problem\ 
solve itself ? 
getting a grip on reality .. and choking it to death 
is chillen like a villain 
bored probably bout to go pass out here in a few 
Vampires suck great movie toatally makes fun odf Twighlllight twas fucken great you ppl got to watchh it 
proof that God has a sense of humor ... 
Sublime 
You can say any foolish thing to a dog , and the dog will give you a \ 
look that says , \My God 
Just got done watchen Grown Ups was a pretty good movie 
Sorcers Aprentice was really good 
is a highly corruptive force to reckon with 
watching Salem's Lot 
A DUH 
Watching Battle Royale 
woah ... 
I'm not gonna do what everyone thinks I'm gonna do and ... FLIP OUT man ... all I wanna know is one thing ... who's coming with me ? 
Kicken it at the crib 
Smile , always smile , it doesn’t matter if it is a sad smile , because \ 
sadder than a sad smile is the sadness of being unable to smile 
doesnt want to go to work 
bah duh 
fuck my life 
Got to love that ripability 
kicken it bored 
feels like everytime hes about to get up theres someone there ready to kick me back down 
thinks that today is a good day to burn a bridge or two 
SKADOOSH 
watching Scared Stiff 
Its like woaaahhhhh ..... 
just got done watching Night Flier . 
long walk home dam 
hit me up i need to get out of the crib today 
well fuck it ... bored ... back to bed i go 
Kicken it 
has nothing new to report 
LMAOROFL amazed at peoples ignorance wow theres some retarted people on the planet i think we should all ban together grab a shotgun and start weeding out < PROPFIRST > pools 
so i dont have a cell anymore it took a complete shit on me msg me if you need to get a hold of me 
Never take life seriously . Nobody gets out alive anyway . 
looking to the 8 ball for all the answers 
really hopes that everything is still cool 
No worries 
Had a great night with the GF 
has one thing to say Shit Happens 
Its Whatever 
honestly has no idea anymore 
FML 
is liven in dport now 
just got off work kicken it 
dreams of a better world ... where chickens can cross the road without having their motives questioned : 0 ) 
Enjoying the morning with my GF 
sitten here with the GF enjoying my night . 
guess it just wasnt meant to be 
SHAKAKA 
doesnt see the point 
can never do anything right 
just got home kicken it 
is gonna do what he does best 
geeken out watch Spider-man wow im lame 
where is my mind 
people are stupid 
has had his fill of crazy bitches for the day 
bored ... tired ... things that just make a day great 
watchen CUJO 
wow just wow lol 
Its the weeman's bday today 
getten outta the house 
INBOX\ 
ONLY ! Tell me something you've always wanted to tell me . It stays \ 
between us . Put this as your status and see what people say . 
finally sticken my teeth into New Vegas 
FUCKEN HELLZ YEAH 
chillen at the crib ... lame 
kicken it with the weeman 
ugh people frustrated me 
kicken it the wee man and Suiter 
kicken it with the wee man till i gotta take him home 
Fucken A 
will one day rule candyland with an iron fist 
bored what to do what to do what to do 
All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream . 
kicken it at the crib with the weeman 
watching Despicable me so far so good lol 
So Megamind is the shit 
drinken 
First law on holes - when you're in one , stop digging . \ 
\ 
- < PROPMALE > Healey 
Once again DRINKEN 
sitting at the crib bored 
if it isnt one thing with my car its another 
Doesnt want to go to work ... NEED SLEEP 
sitten at the crib 
tired of the same shit 
Watching Lost in Space 
just got done watch < PROPFIRST > hood 
watchen LOTR 
thinks he watches way to many movies lol 
watchen some < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs . The World 
just got back from borders just kicken it now 
Sadness is always the legacy of the past ; regrets are pains of the memory 
wee mans sound asleep chillen bored 
and the word of the hour BLAH 
**** NEW FACEBOOK GAME ~~~ Inbox me your Bank Account or Credit Card number ( be sure to give me the expiration date and 3 digit security code ) and I will post in my status which < PROPMALE > or Christmas gift I used it for . Let's play !!! **** 
LAME !!! 
so this was about the lamest Christmas ever 
chillen with the weeman 
life is lame that is all 
People are always shouting they want to create a better future . It's not true . The future is an apathetic void of no interest to anyone . The past is full of life , eager to irritate us , provoke and insult us , tempt us to destroy or repaint it . The only reason people want to be masters of the future is to change the past . 
Green Hornet was the shit 
Dead Space 2 
Hates being accused of shit 
Bored playen some guitar hero 
chillen watchen the end of disturbia 
Thank you all 
thanks again 
BA dam 
is uber bored 
its whatever 
Chyea 
busten on some guitar hero 
bored gonna go kick it 
v-day = lamest day of the year 
once again spending another morning on guitar hero 
sitting here ... doing nothen .... uber lame .. 
liven back in Bett 
RUUUUUUUUUN .... GOOOOOO ..... GET TO THE CHOPPA !!!! 
finally found a J O B 
is Hungry Like the Wolf 
wow 
:( 
is a sad sad man 
is annoyed people suck 
work sucks 
shit happens and thats life 
life is a drag 
