Someone explain to me why we are watching music videos on BEt instead of live performances in New York on TV ... Happy New Year , 2010 . 

New Year , yeah , this feels good . 
I bought some peanuts , they have no salt on them . That sucks , next time I shop I will read the bag of what I want before I purchase it . 
Watching -So you think you can Dance . 
Tired , I need some Coffee but I am trying to stop drinking it . So far its been over a week and I really need some now lol . 
Tiger Woods Rules ... 
Just got off Work ... 
At GRANDMA\S ... " 
About to Go fishing !!!! 
Need TEA !!!!! ( I am trying to get off Coffee ) 
Remembering North < PROPFEMALE > . Remembering the fishing , the bike riding , the freedom , the dirt roads , the childish games , the innocence , the country talk , the go-c < PROPMALE > s , the school , the simple < PROPMALE > , my first gaming console-the Dream Cast , and the hopes and dre 
TI > Lil < PROPMALE > 
Iron and Wine Rules and Linkin Park Rules !!! 
Just woke up ... 
Just got the new version of Safari . It's called Safari 4 . For those of you who don't know it's apple's version of Firefox . It faster than the traditional Internet Explorer . It's cool , and it's Apple . For those of you who use internet Explorer I would high 
Learning to type looking up lol 
You Know that Movie , the Lakehouse . OK It was good , I watched it on TV . So far I saw Wolverine , Terminator Salvation , and < PROPFEMALE > Trek . I plan to see Transformers , The Hangover , and My Sisters Keeper . 
Didn't expect MJ to die so early ... I really don't feel it's right to make jokes about him anymore . Coffee Break . 
Have to work tonight . 7:00 to like 12:00 lol . 
Going Fishing on Loch < PROPFEMALE > . We are Renting a Boat , then I am going to play golf !!!!! 
Back From a Long day ( 8:00 AM- 4:00 PM ) of Fishing and catching NO fish , I'll make some Tea and relax . Wash Clothes , eat desert ( sister made it , and it's GREAT ) , and browse the internet before watching a movie . 
PS3 
Ok , I just bought some Vanilla Caramel Tea and I'm loivin it . 
Up all night ... 
Great 4th of July . Fireworks at home and in Columbia , and a cook out :) 
Watching Golf , waiting for the TV . Also , why would someone invite me to a group called I love Racist Jokes ? 
Just got Off work :) 
Is about to stay at his Aunt's house till Friday . Good thing I got a few people to cover me at work till then :) 
What to do , what to do ... 
Nothing . 
About to Work ! 
At Home now , just waiting for tomorrow . Time to sleep . 
What to do , What to do . 
Time for Work . 
VOLCANO TACOS !!!!!!!! I ATE A FEW OF THEM AND I\M DIEING !!!!! " 
Off Work . 
Work ... 
BRACES ARE OUT !!!!!! 
< PROPMALE > Potter was cool , that makes the 6th or 7th movie I saw so far . GI-Joe is Next . 
Work Sucked ... 
I wish hip-hop music didn't suck these days . As of now , I prefer Rock music , lets hop these artist get it together . I mean \I get pleny monay ... etc\ " WHY ?!?!?!?! " 
sleep ... 
Is in NJ , one day away from My Track Day ( Motorcycles ) . Wish I had one . 
Signed up for Bally's total fitness . LOL Suspended from work , I've never been suspended from anything LOL . Feels Good ... But It's not my fault . One step closer to becoming a bad boy , step number 2 : poke a cop with a stick for five minutes . step 3 : Kick 20 chickens . MUHUHHAHWHAHWHAHHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHHAH ... ahahahhaha ... ahahahha ... hahaha . haha . haa . No More Coffee . 
lol Movie Night at my friends job , I was not supposed to come because I didn't work there . It was easy to sneak in , of course . I didn't know that until we got to the front gate , thats when < PROPFIRST > let me know . The NEW Fast and Furious . 2nd time I saw it :) 
Is no longer suspended from work , the mistake has been known . :) 
Going to Sleep . 
Covering < PROPMALE > & : 00-Close . I hate Working . 
... sleep ... 
Work at 7:00 . 
Sleep . 
Washed the Car :) 
Bored ... 
LOL I finally found something to do 
Tired ... 
I just realized , my Job's not that bad . I will no longer have to close , me and < PROPFIRST > ( one of my Managers , now get along ) and No one is getting on my Nerves anymore . It's close to Bally's . I actually think I like it ... or maybe thats just because I'm in a good mood . I'll know by tomorrow night , after work . :) 
Great , I have to get someone to cover me tonight from 7-close . 
DO you apologize to someone who < PROPMALE > the phone up on you ? 
Violence ? 
Great , work in a little over an Hour ... 
Home Again . 
At my Uncles , back from the Beach . 
Work at 3:00 
Can't Sleep ... 
School was Nice . 
Time to sleep . 
To the GYM !!!!! 
The Gym was great , I spent two hours there today . Time for bed . 
Great , everyone in my house has successfully ruined my day . 
Once again , a ruined day . My sisters and my father are arguing over nothing . Guess who started it ... Maybe I should try and stay at my uncles house for the 3 day weekend . 
Going to my Uncles :) 
I went to the State Fair today . As soon as I walked In I knew I had missed out on something great through out my life . The fact is , i've only been to the fair about 2 times . I felt the same way when I went to Disney in the 8th grade . It was my first time there . I guess it's time for me to get out more , now that I can . 
Great , work at 3:00 
Just got back from the Gym with my Uncle . 
Guys I'm thinking about buying an Unlocked iphone ( GSM ) . For those of you who don't know what that means , it means the phone can be used with any GSM carrier such as At&t and T-mobile ( prepaid ) . It's a risk because an unlocked iphone more than doubles the price of a locked at&t iphone ($99 ) , and cannot be updated after it's unlocked . What should I do ? 
Home at Last ! 
Sick , and at home . 
Went tout with some friends and had some fun , but if you hear about a movie called Final Destination ( the new one ) don't see it lol . 
To the Gym soon , with my new Gear !!!! 
Tired . 
Drawing . 
Going to work ... 
Tired , about to head off to bed . 
My sister went missing today . We called the police and everything , they couldn't find her . My parents were crying , so was my little sister . We searched non-stop for hours and couldn't find her . She's home now , my father found her . The fact is she went missing over a boy , when this all cools down ... \I'll Kill him . \"" 
Coffee Break 
Going to School Soon ... 
Sleepy 
The College thing was Great . 
Work in like 3 hours . 
Starbucks is calling me , but I can't answer . 
PS3 Rules . 
Off to School :( ) 
Home , I have a new phone . The number is : 443-743-8657 
Racism sucks , racist suck , stereotypes suck , the confederate flag sucks ... 
The Shower was good :) 
Time for school . 
Jogged a Mile today . 
Off work , out of school . 
Nothing to do tonight lol . 
Just cleaned up , I still have some more things to do . Oh , and I plan to purchase a ton of Eco products ( instead of normal products ) , and recycle . 
WOOT , < PROPMALE > Field trip tomorrow . 
Home , at last . 
Pisceans rule . lol . 
I'm going to North < PROPFEMALE > today . I need to visit family , and get out of the rain . 
Is wondering why people don't respond to text , or facebook messages . 
Missed almost an entire week of school , and with no girlfriend ... I may not have a date for homecoming ... For my 2nd homecoming ever ( first with no date ) this SUCKS !!!! 
I love being Pisces . The 2 Fish are cool . 
Skipping out on Homecoming this last year ... no date . 
Ok , the Gym was good today . 2 hours of working out , and now an hour of cleaning up . 
Most of my Favorite Colleges are in California . I don't know what I should do . 
Wow , I can hardly move my legs from my yesterdays workout . Two hours is a bit more that I can manage . 
Senior Pictures came out Nice . 
Homework , then Gym . 
School , then work . 
Nothing to do on halloween night ... 
Woot , \36\ " TV and PS3 in my room . " 
Time for School . 
Home from school ! 
Today is a good day . 
Ok , buying a Pan Flute . 
No School ! 
Gotta pay my phone < PROPMALE > . 
Family's house ! 
MODERN WARFARE 2 PAYED FOR , AND PRE ORDERED !!!! 
COD Warfare 2 !!! 
why does San < PROPFIRST > have to be so far away ... 
Visiting Stevenson University today . 
To the Gym today ! 
Night . 
To school ... 
Ok , I may have said some dumb things to some people today lol . I told my < PROPMALE > teacher that I didn't like the < PROPMALE > work at Stevenson University , I forgot his wife is the Dep < PROPMALE > ment Chairman of < PROPMALE > there . Thats not half the stupid things I said lol . Maybe I should stop talking haha . 
School Time ... 
soMe tIMez tHE bEsT DayZ oF lIFe ARe SpENt pLAyiNG tHe sAmE gAMeZ WItH FaMILy aLl dAy ! 
< PROPFEMALE > versus BMW ... 
Schools out , and I'm doing great ! 
Thanks Giving day . 
Happy Thanksgiving ! Black friday shopping tomorrow . 
I've figured it out , BMW's are better than Porsches . :) 
... Christmas Shopping . 
Night ... 
This Sucks ... 
Home ... 
A Weekend Train of Memories . 
Finally , I can get on Facebook . 
Goucher was nice . 
Coffee Break . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas . Just got my Fossil watch , Tent , Ipod dock/radio , Tea maker and more lol . THANKS FAMILY/SANTA !!!! 
... 
2010 , right around the courner . 
Happy New Year !! 
Great , my new PS3 just broke ... Im pissed off . Either bestbuy or sony is taking this crap back . 
What Im going to do this year : Try new things , experience all I can so Ill have something to look back on when Im prehistoric . 
Out sick , the Tea makes it all better . 
Super Bowl ! 
Well the saints won . Interresting , well atleast they finally won a superbowl . Next time , instead of rooting for them , I'm going to be against them . 
Work at 6:00 
I actually like the anime Gantz , and the anime Ergo Proxy . 
It's amazing how every time I log onto Facebook I can only strike a conversation with about three people lol . The same three people every time . Still thinking about making my pug a Facebook < PROPFEMALE > . He always responds . lol 
Work at 3:00 pm . 
Things to do , people to see , stores to < PROPMALE > . 
Had fun yesterday watching The Crazies . Turns out my deep fear of Horrow movies is gone . I wasn't scared for the majority of the movie . I think the Crazies should have been classified as suspense . Work at 7:00 
Need to hit the gym . 
Thinking about going to the Comedy factory for my Birthday . 
Bored . 
... I want a motorcycle permit . lol 
Today was a nice day . I went to the mall and went to a fashion show . Work was easy lol . 
Sleepy as can be . 
Goo Goo Dolls-Iris 
Seeing Bounty < PROPMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > was great . Working was not ... 
I could use a little Tea . Anyhow , this weekend was great . 
Sleepy ... 
This is one of those days when I have to much to do in so little time . 
For some reason I perfer simple Asian inspired < PROPMALE > over traditional , overly detailed European < PROPMALE > . I love the painting that look like paintings . < PROPFEMALE > Im Hultberg and < PROPFEMALE > Kawasaki are fine examples . Agree ? 
\ ... hmph\ " Today sucks . " 
It's almost time for me two leave ... 
Sushi . 
Just found out I have to find a Prom date by the end of the day , oh and 2-3 more service learning hours or else I can't go to Prom . What a perfect day . 
Working two shifts today . 
Almost Monday . Huhh , Another week of school . 
What's next ? 
Going to school on 5 hours of sleep . 
Next week . Prom . 
Work tonight . 
Woot . Just started using my phone for Facebook status updates ! 
Just loving the band-\Do as Infinity\ " right now . Japanese music is great . I really need to learn Japanese to understand what they are saying lol ! " 
Work sucks lol . And I haven't even clocked in yet :) . 
Working again tonight . 
Not in the greatest mood right now ... 
Prom today ! 
Prom day . 
Woot , on the limo on the way to prom ! Prom is going to be fun . 
Sunday after Prom . Yeah , I wish it were Saturday again . 
There are times when you meet a group of friends you love to < PROPFEMALE > out with . For most people this happens often . For me it does not and when I finally do , < PROPFEMALE > splits us up . College starts in 3 months , I'm going thousands of < PROPMALE > away ... I don't want to start over . What should I do ? 
I stand amid the roar\ 
Of a surf-tormented shore , \ 
And I hold within my hand\ 
Grains of the < PROPFEMALE > sand-\ 
How few ! yet how they creep\ 
Through my fingers to the deep , \ 
While I weep- while I weep ! \ 
O God ! can I not grasp\ 
Them with a tighter clasp ? \ 
O God ! can I not save\ 
One from the pitiless wave ? \ 
Is all that we see or seem\ 
But a dream within a dream ? \ 
\ 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Poe 
I'm Tired . 
High School is basically over . Prom has ended , it's the last week of school . People are already missing high School and it hasn't even ended yet , some are sad because it's the end of the best years of their lives . I feel people getting farther and farther away from me . The gap between us is growing , and this gap will only continue to grow because we'll never have years like these again . I'll miss you all . 
\Don't Stress your self over things you cannot control . \"" 
\Life is about making mistakes . Getting older is about wishing you could make more of them . \"" 
\Following your Intuition is the seed to greatness\ " \ 
I'm a High School Graduate now . Booyah ! 
The simplest and most memorable of pleasures are those that can only happen once . Take the time partake and < PROPFEMALE > those moments and never let them pass you by . Those are the memories that will last a lifetime . \ 
The last day of school was fun , I'll < PROPFEMALE > these memories forever . 
< PROPMALE > Of Persia was good , not great , but good . 
Tonight gonna be a good night . 
Rogue . 
Don't you hate when you call a company for support and an machine picks up and says some bull crap like \we are experiencing a high volume of calls so unfortuantly we can answer you call right now . Please call back later\ " And when they do finally pick up they have you on hold for 30min+ ... " 
Skateboarding isn't that easy , oh , and I just learned I can't play Tennis . 
Graduation was nice . I am officially a high School Grad . After 4 years of working I'm going to have to be called a freshman in college next year ... Time to start over lol . 
Grad . Party . 
Am I the only fan of < PROPFIRST > Prettyman ? 
Boy , don't I want to go Skateboarding today . I've been trying to learn but I don't want to practice in a crowded area . I need privacy and quiet before I can truly concentrate . 
Woot , I just got hired at Zumiez ! 
All you can eat buffet in Ocean City . Seafood , cakes , fruit , Ice cream , salads and more . Not tomention the waitress is cute . 
Back in Baltimore . OC was great , I just wish I had my camera . 
Moving tomorrow . 
Can someone explain to me why a man shouldn't drive a Mini Cooper S ? It out performs the V6 Mustang in the handling category and is almost as fast in the 0-60 . 
Colorado is sounding nice right about now . 
Coffee . 
Getting a Longboard sometime this weekend ! 
I could use a Coffee . Hold up , there is tea here ! Tea it is ! 
OMG , my memory sucks . Don't you hate when you Forget a friend in your Facebook friends list ... Who is this girl ? 
Colorado here I come . 
I could use a Coffee . 
The last Summer ... 
There are times when I struggle to understand even the closest animals . Apparently when pugs get older they don't realize they get larger . Samson still thinks he can shove himeself under the couch and still manage to get out . Worst part is , when you try to pull him out he thinks your playing with him . It took him at least five minutes to realize he was stuck . 
Time to have some fun . 
Oregon Park was beautiful . 
Ah , the greatness of a loyal companion . 
I'm going to < PROPFIRST > University . Boca Raton Florida here I come . Woot Thanks < PROPFEMALE > Hamill ! 
Woot , I just won a Bamboo belt from Arbor ! 
Artscape 2010 here I come . 
Tons of free stuff from Artscape ! The artist there were amazing ! 
Yes , I just got the new Paramore cd . Brand New Eyes ! Thanks mom :) 
Green Tea is on my mind . 
lol , my relationship status has been \single\ " since I created an account . Don't ask when that is lol . " 
Ok , I just watched The Proposal and twilight for the first time . not bad , not bad at all . 
< PROPFIRST > University here I come . The news is just getting better and better . 
Ah , Halestorm . Not bad , not bad at all . 
... Can something ever go as planned . Something always goes wrong . 
This weekend is bound to be boring . Hopefully I can visit some friends in Whitemarsh :) 
Gundam Seed . 
Anyone want to explain to me why in the event of an argument people start throwing out insults and repeating themselves on top of interrupting each other . I thought the whole point of an argument was to solve a problem . 
Drinking tea Soon ! :) 
What to do what to do . 
Going Ice Skating with Jerod and his friends . 
It always rains on the good days , I'm actually starting to get used to it . It's no longer a problem . Ice Skating went well , I know thats hard to believe coming from a person who can fall standing still . What else , what else . Oh ! I'm trying to keep in contact with my High School friends . ( even though High School just ended ) I'm getting a group of people to go out with this weekend . No idea what we are doing yet lol . 
I watched Falling Up last night . Great movie . 
I just checked out some books on writing Romance and Screen Writing . Not to mention my little black book full of information on going green is growing . 
A personal hand written letter means more than any email . 
Three Days Grace-I hate everything about you . Amazing song . 
lol Paulie is such is old movie . :) 
Video games with family ! 
Just learned that the movie Ferngully came out 1 month and 8 days after I was born . Ferngully 2 was one of my favorite childhood movies ! 
Coraline , the creativity in the movie is magnificent . It's hard to believe they made everything by hand 9tons of faces and thousands of hands , not to mention the clothing and house ) and could only manage to film 3-4 seconds a day . 
I feel like I'm playing Golf on the < PROPFEMALE > . 
Lol , eating two Pound cakes by myself . I just finished one lol :) 
What I would give to live on a Sailboat :) 
Another day of sitting on the couch in my underwear watching Paramore music videos on youtube while drinking Tea and alternating back and forth between wrestling with my dog and wishing I could get out of the house . 
Boy , I could use a night out . 
You say < PROPFIRST > Swift , I say ? Breaking ? Benjamin\ 
You say ? Lady Gaga , I ? say ? Evanescence\ 
You say T-Pain , I say Three Days Grace\ 
You say Demi Lovato , I say Linkin ? Park\ 
You say ? < PROPMALE > Brother , I say Green Day\ 
You say Flowers , I say ? Puddle of ? Mudd 
This guy < PROPFIRST > Slater , the Jet Blue Flight attendant who got pissed off at a rude and foul mouthed passenger then cursed everyone out on the plane before grabbing two beers and launching himself out of the plane on the inflatable evacuation slide , is giving me ideas . 
It's about time , I'm finally drawing again . < PROPFEMALE > Knightly is the perfect girl to draw ! 
Just missing my PS3 . I have a 360 now but I hate it . 
I guess it's safe to say Maroon 5's not bad . 
Ah , the smell of new clothes . 
I NEED SNACKS ! 
Woot , Just ate a pound cake . Working on a Box of < PROPFEMALE > Buns ! 
... And my dog just ran across my balls , thanks Samson ... thanks a lot . 
Ok , The new Linkin Park song is a big let down . It's nothing like the old Linkin Park ! 
Linkin Park-Leave out All The Rest . 
< PROPFEMALE > Perri . She's actually a pretty good musician for those who like Jazon Mraz and < PROPFIRST > Prettyman . 
... My Pug , Samson likes Bananas ? 
Sometimes I wonder what it would be like to be an only child . Then my sister starts an argument for no reason and I realize it would be a lot less stressful . 
Kingdoms Hearts , I can't believe I never beat this game . I guess I have some work to do . 
I wish my sister would just crawl back under a bridge with the rest of the Trolls ! 
Why am I up so early . It's Saturday I should still be sleep ! 
Water Rafting with my Uncle Tomorrow ! 
Ok , Water Rafting was fun , Thank Uncle < PROPFIRST > ! 
If my dog steps on my balls ONE MORE TIME !!!!!!!! I love you Samson just not that much ... 
Someone tranquilize my sister . I will pay you , believe me ! 
Who are these people ! Why request to be my Facebook friend if I don't know you ! 
Ah , the Tea was great . :) 
... Waste of life . 
I think I'm going to need a new sword . 
APPLE RULES , AND DON'T YOU EVER FORGET IT ! 
Mat Kearney-Nothing left to lose . 
Jogging with my Pug . 
Ok , maybe I'll wait to jog untill the evening . My pug can't excercise for a while in hot weather because he could faint or die . 
\Beauty is in the eye of the beholder . \"" 
\Lets begin . \"" 
Coffee is a necessary luxury that I am living without . I need a Coffee machine . 
Time for class . 
Once I awake in the morning I find it hard to fall back to sleep . 
I guess it's time to start having some fun . Someone told me I'm to uptight and I need to loosen up . 
Today I cycled in the curvy back roads of Woodstock in search for a job only to find that it was getting dark and cars have trouble seeing cyclist on the roads at night time . Did I mention in was a curvy road ? 
Going to play tennis with Jerod < PROPMALE > . 
Ok , my portrait of the amazing < PROPFEMALE > Knightly is getting closer and closer to completion . :) 
Family Cookout :) 
Studying French . 
For anyone who needs a Macbook Case . Colca Sack makes environmentally friendly Sleeves for all Macs . Absolutely amazing cases . 
I was reading an Article on wether or not dogs breed to fight should be rehabilitated . It's amazing how some people think they should be euthanized because of the cost . I believe the dog fighters should pay the cost as soon as they get out of prison . 
Hair Cut . 
Time to get some rest . 
Studied French , organized my notes , and started on the room . I need to make some plans for this weekend lol , I don't want to sit around all weekend . 
Maroon 5 . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > is a great Artist . Would someone explain to me why on Artcyclopedia.com he is ranked 4th AFTER Picasso ? I'm not a fan of Picasso ... no , not at all . 
Reading Perceiving the Arts , pages 1-13 and taking notes . Fine And Performing Arts Class isn't that bad :) 
Woot , phones back on . 
Wow , found a new birth < PROPFIRST > ... 
Wow , I actually Studied French for 2 hours . Quick someone speak to me in French so I can respond . 
Why is it that I'm the only one screwed when class lets out early . 1 hour break before my next class . 
Geography , easy lol . 
Just waiting for an Email from my Economics teacher ... 
Just trying to learn to play Dearly Beloved by < PROPFEMALE > Shimomura . 
Finally , Myfrenchlab and Myeconlab are working lol . 
I wonder how many classes I can miss lol . 
Gotta love smart girls . 
Sky Sailing ... not bad . Felling calmer already . 
... humph . 
Je suis occupe . Des devoirs . 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I HATE TO STUDY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
wow , Acapela really helps with pronouncing words from other languages . It's a but hard to study if you can read what you studying the way it's supposed to be read . 
I love the feeling of getting my homework done . I wish I could have felt this way in High School lol . Well , anyway I guess it's time to watch a movie until I fall asleep . 
Courage is not the absence of fear , but rather the judgement that something else is more important than fear . ~ Ambrose Redmoon 
Maybe I should go to sleep . I did one Chapter of Economics . 2 more to go before Tuesday . 
Scooby Doo is great . 
Class tomorrow . 
Still listening to Shut Up and Kiss Me-Orianthi . Maybe I should try and get her CD ... 
Is updating his Facebook status for no reason . 
Is she looking at me or through me ? 
My memory only appears to be getting worse . 
I think I may have found a job . :) 
It's time to get some sleep . 
I hate having so many Rainy days in a row . One is enough . 
I drove a total of an hour to class in essex only to realize that I had to drive back because ALL of my classes were canceled . 
Loving the < PROPMALE > band Notwist . 
Watching Igor . 
Love Saturdays . 
The greatness of completing your homework . :) 
Still trying to learn 19th Century Round Hand . It's looking good . 
\Its my time too fly !!!... tonight ... ooooo Im \ 
FINALLY ! Just when I finally started enjoying drawing again I discovered that everyone was right all along . You do have to start from the eyes to make a portrait more accurate . Now , the model I'm drawing is looking good . 
When in Rome . :) 
The Sumi-e style of paint is pretty cool . 
My arms hurt . 
Just finished painting for the day . A piece of watercolor paper is currently being Tea stained and I'm trying to figure out what I did to make my last painting look so nice . 
Heading to < PROPFIRST>'s . 
Just ate Octopus lol . 
And so it begins . :) 
Things are getting better and better . 
Yes ! I got her number ! 
Great , I left my French book at my moms house so now I can't do my homework ... Maybe I can submit it late tomorrow afternoon . 
Looking at some work by Kiyokata Kaburagi . 
Well , the park in the city isn't so bad . I just hate that the BMA is closed . 
Homework . 
I could care less about who's the Governor ... I don't plan to be in < PROPFEMALE > that long anyway . 
I love these long quiet days . 
Well , its raining ... not bad , not bad at all . 
Friends . 
Jackass 3D 
Tea and a movie . 
The weekend was great . I spent most of Saturday with my friends < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . It's amazing how you can still have fun with less than $20 to spend . Life's great . 
Well , jogging went well . I just wish I could run more lol . 
Well , it's time to get some sleep . 
Watching a poet for Fine and Performing Arts class . I wonder who it is . 
Yes , humans are animals . The human's phylum is Chordata ( vertebrate ) . The human's class is mammalia . It's order is primate ( the same as apes ) . It's family is Hominidae ( apes that have no tail and can gather food with their hands . ) The Human's sub-family is Homininae . It's tribe is Hominini . It's genus is Homo and it's specie is scientifically named Homo Sapiens . ( Answers.com ) 
Thinking , wondering ... 
Watching Fanboys . 
I could use some Tea . Time to relax . 
Creepy Woods was fun . My mom ran away twice , once when she was chased by a guy with a chain saw , and I had to hold hands with family and drag them through the rest of the walk ... Tired lol . 
Need Halloween Party lol . 
Need coffee ... 
Is inspired by the Literati Painters of < PROPFEMALE > ( And Japan ) . 
Detrick Meaning : descendant of Theodoricus ( people , ruler ) . 
... Too many Meanings for one name ... 
Now I remember why I try to avoid loud people . People think that because they are enjoying their conversation , everyone else will . Cant be quiet anymore , can we ? 
Going to need a coat pretty soon . 
Pissed off . 
Loving < PROPFEMALE > Bruni , < PROPFEMALE > Spektor , and Mumm Ra . 
In simplicity we find Elegance . 
Feeling great about myself . 
Visiting UMBC today . Hopefully its a good school , just incase I decide to stay close . 
Here I am , this is me . There is no where else I'd rather be . 
LMAO ! The city I was born in has a population of less than 4,100 . 
Economics Research Project Hour 5 ... 
Time for bed , economics presentation tomorrow . Oh , just watched 40 days and 40 nights . Not bad , but I saw it before . 
Need Tea !!!!! OMG , as soon as I get home I'm drinking Tea and eating because I am starving !!!!! 
Well , I really need to find something to do today . Wish there was a party or something lol . 
Tea . 
Is wondering why he had to register for selective service to avoid 5 years in prison or a $ 250,000 fine ... 
\ Chick Flicks are not called Chick Flicks when a man likes them . They're called Man-Flicks\ " LMAO " 
When I put on a suit before a job interview , I feel like I can accomplish anything . At least until I realize I haven't had the suit fitted ... 
No longer unemployed . 
Love the new PS3 . 
Woot , 2 A's on my economics project . 
Well , it appears I'm going to North < PROPFEMALE > for Thanks Giving . 
Happy Thanks giving everyone . Lol , Im in North < PROPFEMALE > with family . 
Great to be back in < PROPFEMALE > . 
omg , I think I'm slowing and unintentionally becoming a vegetarian . 
This tea ... is hot . 
It is now December . Christmas is right around the corner . 
I dont remember ever eating a twinkie , now I understand why . Should have bought the fruit snacks . 
Guess I'm puting Home Alone and Home Alone 2 on my Christmas list . I miss watching those movie a lot . 
is wondering why a lot of people have changed their Facebook profile pictures to cartoons . 
Soul Eater . 
Hahhh , Its cold out here . Im getting to old for this ... 
Ah , well , this group should be interesting . Lets get started . 
Ah , so \Anime\ " is a French word . " 
Lol , need a cosplay beanie with ears :) 
If one more asshole uses the automatic door ... Seriously , freeze the people inside so you dont have to use your arms ... 
Studying at Goucher . 
If man has no tea in him , he is incapable of understanding truth and beauty . 
Tea is liquid wisdom . 
Final , half hour . 
So , It snows ... perfect . 
Just updating my Facebook Statues for no apparent reason . 
Just stranded , but it's cool . 
Need PS3 !!!! 
\I need hero to save me now \"" 
Christmas is upon us :) Not long now . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas once again everyone . 
Snow , Snow , Snow and more Snow . :) 
Just applied to Teavana !!!! 
Picnic in my bedroom . Still a kid at heart :) 
Just watch Leap year ... again :D 
The Black Swan was good , and Ice Skating was fun . 
\Nature seeks balance in all things . \"" 
omg , I can move my eyes in different directions ... lol . 
eh ... 
Need Job lol . 
Today worked out very well . :D 
is missing his cereal . Time to go to Walmart . 
Just started on a new Drawing . 
NASA spots smallest planet yet discovered outside Sun's solar system 
My current drawing is coming along well , can't wait to finish it . 
Woot , getting in shape . 
An australian army vehicle worth $ 74,000 has gone missing after being painted with camouflage . lmfao . 
Listening to Iron and Wine . 
Need some Tea . 
Crap , missed my < PROPMALE > lol . Just my luck . 
\I know she knows that I'm not fond of asking\ " The Kooks-Naive . " 
\In need of a coffee lol . \"" 
Is staring at his Facebook < PROPFEMALE > waiting for anyone to message him . lol 
has just logged on to log back off . 
Woot , cooking . I can cook , I can cook . 
I think it's funny that some people won't accept my friend request and others won't respond to me on Facebook . At one point in time I cared , now I all have to say is : \FUCK YOU ALL :) = smiley face \"" 
I miss those days when time passed slowly , those long days when we had nothing to do but sit on the porch talking , trying to make up little games to help pass the time . 
Just made a 14in by 8in cookie . :) 
Was just yelled at by a Spanish girl on the phone , I have no idea what she was talking about before she < PROPMALE > up ... 
Shoveled for the second time today . Apparently we got more snow than the neighbors because of the snow blowing into our driveway ... the longest driveway ... 
Love the snow . 
is wondering why he's on Facebook ... 
Great , Teavana hired a Transfer ... 
Gosh , I REALLY miss being an Anime Artist . 
So , I'm drawing . 
Detrick is now mass texting a lot people for no reason . 
Tomorrow , Im sleeping in . Job search number 2 has beenfinished , hopefully I get hired somewhere . 
... I need a job . 
Finally , my parents appear to be back on the same < PROPFEMALE > , although not back together they worked together to solve a common problem . My sisters still don't understand what they did wrong . 
I finally remember why Ive always loved and respected my father . 
Happens all the time haha . 
Bowling with family . 
Is wishing tonight would be like last night . 
\I’m not sober all the time\ 
is on Facebook . :) 
Is logging off of Facebook . 
Snow again ? Haha gotta love it . Only a little though . 
Homework and study time . 
A tumbler that keeps your Tea warm isnt good when you need it to cool down a bit haha . 
Great , well that was a colossal failure . I'll try it again Friday . 
Ok , Speech class time . 
Is hitting the Gym 2day . I'm so glad to be back in there , my six-pack is going away . 
My head is a radio , I'm playing Goo Goo Dolls right now . 
My workout was nice . Its great to hit the gym again . 
Homework time . 
I believe the world is burning to the ground\ 
Oh well I guess we're gonna find out\ 
Let's see how far we've come\ 
Well I , believe , it all , is coming to an end\ 
Oh well , I guess , we're gonna pretend , \ 
Let's see how far we've come 
You learn to listen to your parents when you grow older . 
So far , my mornings pretty good . Coffee at 10 : am :) 
Yeah I can do this . 
Sleepy . 
A 63 year old woman recently got pregnant with twins . She told reporters she planned to have the babies and begin breast feeding immediately . When child protective services heard , they intervened saying \It's not healthy for children for children to eat off the floor . \"" 
Lady Antebellum has been beating everyone out tonight . Surprized they won so many times :D 
So far so good . 
Huh ? She actually likes me . Must have done something right . Wonder what is was lol . 
Omg , the worlds ending . < PROPFIRST > Beiber on CSI ? NOOOOOO !!!! 
\Hit um up style \"" 
I've never seen a Hummer with wheels that small . What were those , 18s ? It's hilarious . 
Pirates of the Caribbean : On Stranger Tides May/20/2011 
That is a massive rain cloud . The forcast didn't call for rain , but it's raining . 
And it stopped :D 
Ice Skating with family . Sister's Birthday . 
\Lets see how far we've come . \"" 
Is it really snowing . 
Really wants to go wind surfing as soon as it heats up . 
Perfect way to ruin a great morning . 
It's amazing how sometimes people don't live up to our expectations . 
Homework , so far 30min . 
I believe a person is made into who they are and will be forever , when they are at their youngest . Growing up is simply changing , and changing back into who you were supposed to be from the beginning . 
Is Nostalgic . I miss you North < PROPFEMALE > . I miss the simple life , when the materialistic things I owned were limited , but those other things , love , family , friends , were as abundant as grass ... When my parents were together . Showing me what love truly is . 
Hopefully it Clears up , and please don't rain on my Birthday ... 
I hate it when people either don't respond or take to long to respond to my emails ... 
Now I'm pissed . 
Catch with friends was cool . 
Is reading articles out of a magazine . Mens Journal . 
Texting makes me happy :) 
Soon , a car will be mines . 
I'm feeling ... uh 19 . Happy Birthday to me . 
Does my new profile picture make me look high lol ? 
Class at 11:00 . 
I may watch FLCL once in my life . 
Learning . 
Still wanting to go to California , or Colorado . 
Yeah , I think I'm going to need a Coffee . 
Where the fuck is my check when I need it . 
Ok , it's settled . I'm making an Old Spice Commercial Parody :) 
Maybe I'll get a coffee this morning . maybe . 
Great , I have the money for my car ... I'm not buying an Automatic . < PROPMALE > only . 
Does anyone think it's funny when people \like\ " things that shouldn't be liked ? \ " My cat just died\ " \ " LIKE \"" 
Woot ! How I Met Your Mother ! 
so bored . 
I will never own a < PROPFEMALE > Pack . I repeat , I will never own a < PROPFEMALE > Pack . 
:) 
Car Shopping soon :) 
Maybe next time . 
American Eagle interview Tuesday . 
Rage against the Machines . 
The glare on my computer is killing me . 
\I think I'm going to ' like ' Facebook status updates that should be ' liked'\ "" 
I want to be what you get when you combine Hayeo Miyasaki and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . I'm getting two degrees . One and Animation , the other in Film . I'm learning to play the Piano , and I'll continue to excel at Drawing , and I'll get better at Watercolor Painting . 
Is not on Facebook . 
Chinese Food ! 
Listening to Piano music while watching Planet Earth , muted . 
mmmmmmmm Coffee :) 
\We've got the fire 
Mmmmmmmmm Wasabi Popcorn :) 
I am officially a VolksWagen owner . 2003 Passat GLX Autotiptronics ( 2.8 l V6 AWD ) . 
Great , now my friends Facebook pages are being hacked . If anyone sends you a link telling you that you've been tagged don't click on it . I didn't . 
To me Spring means I'm going to have to pick a new Facebook picture . I'm going to miss the Winter , snow is my best friend . 
I'm now employeed with American Eagle . 
Should I get my wheels powder coated Charcoal or Black , in the summer time ? 
Is at Ikea . 
Mhmmmmm Blacked Tilapia . 
I need a Camcorder . 
Haha , man I miss Lost . Such a good show . 
Rules to live by : People shouldn't own an Off Roader if they don't plan to go Off Roading [ I love you Jeep , but you're useless to me now :( ] 
Wait a minute , don't Electric cars equal more power plants ? So instead of horrible emissions coming from our off roaders it'll just be escaping from a power plant up the street . I say Hydrogen is the way to go . Honda , thank you for the FCX Clarity :) 
Woot , I visiting grandma today . \I'M GUNNA HAS ME SOM COOK-E-S !!!! \"" 
Projects , Projects , Projects . 
Two weeks with a Volkswagen and I'm already convinced I'll never buy one again lol . Love the car but if I noticed one more little problem the Dealership can have it back . Need a Honda . 
To do list : One day I'm going to give my parents all they've ever wanted . Buying my mom an entire < PROPFEMALE > Jewelers store , and my father , Dodge Ram with a Viper Engine . 
