Had a good fuckin night 

Just Joined facebook . 
hopefully heading out to YC thursday for my best friends Birthday . 
going to Yc tomorrow , and getting everything from the college ! 
Drained , adn my voice is gone . But I had fun in YC 
feels like shit . 
Starts School Tomorrow , Still sick , I need to feel better by morning ! 
one more hour of class and I'm going home ! Tired 
Class just started . 
In class , Im out at 4:00 ! Going back to the manors tonight . 
20 minutes of class , thank god its thursday ! No school till monday =) 
Irritated , School is making me soooo mad . I'm looking into different ones now . 
life is not about how many time you fall down , But how many times you pick yourself up ! 
A pear a day is what I say ... :) 
I'm feeling a little more Bi-polar then usual today . < PROPMALE > marley and His three little birds helped me out for a minute . damn I love that song . Got dressed . Haha I dont do that often . Going to help Aunt < PROPFEMALE > With Her house today . Maybe Being around someone who gives me support and good advice will help . Lots on my mind , but i'm not gonna let anything ruin a nice day like today . gonna push foward as always . 
Yes , I would love to dissapear . Any suggestions ??? 
This Job , seems fishy .... haha but $20 hr seems so nice\ 
:) To be or not to be Ms. Nanny 
going out tonight , maybe I can t out of this funk i've been in . 
is changing my relationship status to \Out of Order \"." 
heading to work ! < PROPFEMALE > is coming over tonight :) 
I feel Like shit today , Uhhh 
Why is it that I Find My mothers comments on everyones status on Facebook . I think My Mom is a comment whore :) 
Making an appointment at D.M.V , Going to be on the phone for a while . 
LORI\S PREGNANT !!!!!! " 
NEW PIXXX UPP 
Found Hella People From My Freshman Year !!! LOL damn < PROPFEMALE > got everyone on her < PROPFEMALE > ! 
If you asked me a year ago , if i thought my life would have turned out the way it is , I would have said HELL NO . 
Bitch aint got nothing on me . haha I'm one of a kind . 
Hello facebook ! 
I finally realize and am going to have to accept the fact that my life is incapable of being like a normal human beings . Not saying what is normal or not . But my life is so fucking weird , things happen and people come and go but its not the average . 
Super stoked to get my truck today :) 
it just doesnt get easier . 
going to woodlanad tonight . 
my Bestfriend , my boyfriend and the keys to my truck . I'm doing good 
tired , alwyas tired 
already missing my baby .... 
Finally getting around to the all the phone call errands i've needed to to for so long ... ( well trying to) !!! 
Mom , thanks so much for forgetting the ambien :( Its cool not like i won't be a tweaker tomorrow too . 
no work for a few days . sick and now my voice is shot . 
@ home still sick , but i kinda got my voice back . 
ahhhhhh 
hottie tottie ... 
He just wasnt the one . ya know . i'm gonna miss him but it was for the best . 
I thouht i didn't care and now i do more then I thought :( 
chillin in < PROPFEMALE > , house to myself =) xanex and marijuana .. good shit ;) 
I miss .... \lists a whole lot of shit here\ " and ...................................... " 
gonna take my sister to get a b-day present . kickin at my dads tonight . 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only FOUR words , what would you \ 
say to me ? Leave a comment , then copy and paste this in your status and \ 
see what funny things your friends say ... ( and if you make a comment , you \ 
have to put this in your status . Fair is fair . ) 
i think im gonna go gay . 
so , i forgot to logout of facebook earlier and left my dads house and the gay thing on my laswt post was his doing . what a FAG . 
nobody's home . 
okay , got a p.o.s phone till i can get a new one . phone will be back on later today 
so got a better phone now , but lost all my < PROPFIRST > ! 
maybe there's a shark in the water , theres something underneath my bed . I caught them barking at the < PROPFEMALE > . 
stupid bank accounts , I'm closing mine . money hungry bastards 
you dare tell me who to me , you are not me . who made you < PROPMALE > of anything . All my life i've tried to make everybody happy while I just hurt inside waiting for someone to tell me its my turn to decide . dodo dadi do da 
happy to be getting our place on saturday , as of right now thats the only thing to be happy about . 
the world is such a joke . 
So my faggot father deleted me off facebook . Ha I predicted this . Someone is doing something they should'nt be doing . But go ahead try to full the world but your not fooling me . 
1 . Go to google maps . 2 . Click on directions . 3 . Write New York , NY as \ 
start destination . 4 . Write < PROPFEMALE > as end destination . 5 . Go to number 31\ 
in the directions . 6 . When you have finished laughing , post this in \ 
your status ...... omg it was so funny . 
Goodnight ! Going to my little place of peace in dreamland ! 
At home relaxing by the xmas tree 
Omg sister of mine , put some clothes on ! 
Now i really cant sleep sis 
Ha 
Oh my lord please stop the madness that is keeping me awake 
in yuba ! Wondering why she just said she is physically attracted to gay men her age . 
I have fucking feelings , since no one has noticed i'm human too . But apparently i'm just a girl standing here to fill some space . I have yet to blow up because i have been through alot this year and i've reached my limit . 
I have the best friends and tiff needs to get her ass back 
Whoa < PROPMALE > 
Going home , gonna get out of these work clothes and relax . 
I dont have to listen now or live this day down if i can't feel a thing 
Made it home from work ! tired 
three days off and i am so happy to be able to relax . 
Looking within thy self to find inner peace and overcome my personal journey ! 
I think < PROPFIRST > is gonna whoop my ass at scrabble 
Going to a christmas party with my family . Should be interesting . 
dear mr. president , what do you feel when you see all the homeless on the streets , what do you feel when you look in the mirrior , are you proud ? How do you sleep at nite when the rest of us cry ? I can only imagine what the first lady has to say . 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas ! 
Not feeling well but i have to go to work anyways ! excited for the new year to start cant believe its already gonna be 2011 
in 2010 everything changed , can't wait to see what those changes have in store 4 2011 . gonna welcome the new year with a bang ! 
Awake , refreshed and ready for the day !! 
Oh < PROPMALE > 
Writing a letter 
Good Morning wednesday , Todays plans are to take my mom to the E.R !!!! 
What a long morning , now i'm off to cash my check and pay bills . Yay ! Then I'm taking a fuckin nap . 
Oh thursday , today you have brought me boredom and Fog ! Thanks 
I just had to open my mouth and sound like a babbling idiot ! Good job < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Meditating on your inner wisdom really calms you ! 
Meditation really helps the mind 
I believe we can learn allot about ourselves through gods creatures ! 
I thought of so many things to write as a status but i couldnt decide so im going with this 
Yesturday is gone , and tomorrows not here all we have is today ! So live it 
Going to pick up tiffers @ the airport tomorrow ! 
Today is such a pretty day !! 
going to pick up < PROPFEMALE > at the airport !! Super excited . 
To be or not to be , that is the question ? 
Maybe im just not good enough ! 
It was so much fun being with all my girls again ! It felt really good to let loose and be stress free :) 
YEAH , i'm thinking its bullshit i had to leave my own house because my grandma can't shut the fuck up . No comments needed . 
Im jus gonna give up now 
What a long day 
If only you knew ! 
smoke a lil smoke ! 
gotta go Home and get ready for work . 
So never again will i land myself here 4 this reason 
So Glad to be home and not in that damn hospital roomin with all the crazies . 
So tired , would love to be in my comfy bed 
on mah way to work . 
Tired of this damn city ! 
Killer headache ! 
I have NO regrets in life .... Just lessons Very well learned ! :) 
have to take < PROPFEMALE > to the air port so she can go back to tennessee ! Then Work @ 5 !! what a super funn day yay :/ 
Today fuckin sucked ! 
This was a super interesting night ! 
If you fear it , you'll create it by overreacting to it ! 
Being away from home for a few days totally stress free is just what the doctor ordered ! Im feeling much better and almost ready 2 go back home ! 
Neone awake text me 916 470 2595 
Gah , i feel sick 
Hating sacramento ! I miss my friends 
Where am i , and why is it so dark down here ? 
Hopefully I will make it to live oak tomorrow to pick up my lil mama ! I miss the bff 
Theres gotta be more to life than this ! 
Isnt anyone tryin to find me wont somebody come take me home 
What an interesting life i live ! 
FML 
I only have one life to live ! 
Today im gonna dance ! 
Maybe its time to change and leave this all behind , ive never been one to walk alone ive always been scared to try ! 
I'm strong , young , and hopeful ! lifes gonna take me places ! 
well were gonna be out of our apartment by the end of this month and then i'm off to Tennessee ! 
Stoked 
Well packed all the stuff im not taking with me , I really hope i can fit all the stuff im keeping in my luggage ! And i can't Sleep WTF 
FUCK MY LIFE ! 
Nothing to do till i leave to TN . Had to quit my job becuz my mom got into an accident in my truck ! sumone txt me 916 470 2595 
There were four barriers holding california To the rest of the united states now there is only one barrier left . That means california is going to fall into the ocean ! 
New phone number , so msg me if you want it ! 
Well im leaving the 28th and i cant wait to get away from all the bullshit ! 
Ready for bed goodnight to all ! 
Oh how the world turns 
Ready for bed so much 2 do tomorrow ! Goodnight 
I feel so much better just being out og that complex , cant wait till monday 
Today is going to be a good day !! 
So were stuck on the side of a freeway exit ! Life is never dull 
On our way with the panty hose to the stranded car . Been on this mission like three hours . 
It was really nice to see my lil sisters today ! Now time to reeellllaaaaxxxx 
Playing boxers or briefs with the aunt and < PROPFIRST > ! Gooood times 
Leaving tomorrow night !! Ready for the next step in my life . 
What a weird dream i had last night , then woke up to mother nature and off to the airport tonight ! 
I'm here for a reason , I'm gonna find that reason ! Just not in california . LOL Tennessee here I come !!!!! 
Heading to the airport soon , next time I will be on here , i'm gonna be living in TENNESSEE !!!!!! :))) 
I Don't feel good today ! :( 
Tired , Not feeling to good today . However i put up some pix of my new home !!! 
At a wrestling match with Tiff and the neighbors !!! 
not feeling to good , still got a cough and chest pains . On a good note : Went to a local knoxville wrestling match and had some fuun and then came bak and kicked it with the neighbors with < PROPFEMALE > and Tiff . 
This weather is Bi-Polar . 
This cough is getting on my NERVES . 
