Happy New Year 

well be off to UVA tommarow for the start of orientation . 
just got to UVA !! 
thinks that Charlattsville is much better than Willamsburg , and thinks it is funny that the UVA medical center is housing 2 swine flu victoms , yay ! 
UVA !!! 
loves < PROPFEMALE > ! 
loves < PROPFEMALE > and UVA ! 
needs more people at UVA to plat tennis with 
is super excited because of his A on his Astronomy exam ! And for Oysterfest ! 
Yay , 19 year's old , now lets see if it is rewarded by a decent physics exam grade ! 
Had a super fun B-day , yay , I love suprises , you all are awsome !! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > UVA ! 
is ready for Thanksgiving break ! 
Off to < PROPFIRST>'s house for some super new years fun :D 
has a broken cell phone :( 
says it's cold outside 
says it's still cold outside , burr . 
said \hay sexy\ " to the < PROPFIRST > of students " 
went to Agape and WAMed with Halo 
really hopes the Saints win this one in overtime 
That did it , the Saints are going to the super bowl ! 
It's Doppelgänger week ; change your profile picture to someone famous you have been told you look like . After you update your profile with your evil twin photo then cut and paste this to your status ! 
thinks that online calc homework is stupid :( 
Things happen the way they are suppost to , difficulties may appear bad , but in the long run you learn so much and come out of it a better person 
For some reason , the general concensus at UVa is that red head guys can , an should , totally pull off wearing ear rings . Don't ask me why . 
still thinks that online math homework was created by PURE EVIL ! 
is coming home for spring break ! 
says its time to play some tennis 
I miss NASA 
Wasn't selected to be an RA this year :( 
Thunks UVa students should all wear jumpsuits cause they're rockin ! 
Definition : < PROPFEMALE > Tech Student ( noun ): A UVa applicant that didn't get accepted . 
Time to go to the Elzinga talk , hope its enlightining 
Another nice weekend 
Got his tennis racquet stolen :( 
thinks parametricequations are fun :) 
woot ! time to go to the wacky olympics with agape 
One math exam down , astronomy to go 
All hard exams done , yay , only one humanity to go 
Went to the swimming pool and learned he is acually half decient at swimming ! 
Comming home today , just have to get through one more final and I'm offically a 2nd year ! 
Well , it looks as if Middlesex county was not as fun as remember it since I've been to college . Which is why I'm going for a day tommarow !!! 
Heaven is not only the place you go once you’ve passed , it\ 
is also your place in the hearts of the others that you’ve left behind 
I think it's kinda silly that in an M&M commercial I watched a single M&M is referred to as \an M&M's\ " . I don't quite know how I feel about this . " 
Is now fully ready for college ! Bring it on !!! 
Was on the big screen at the football game for a whole 5 seconds Saturday ! \ 
Woo ! 
To love a person is to learn the song that is in their heart and sing it to them when they have forgotten . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Chandler 
I'd be really funny if Facebook notified you when you were defriended . \ 
\(enter name here ) defriended you . Would you like to send them a virus ? \"" 
College dorm now ready for Halloween !!! 
Went to an interesting talk on how Genisis 1 is still valid in a scientific world . 
I need a day off :D 
Is excited to teach kids about astronomy with Dark Skies Bright Kids today . 
is going to play some tackle football with Agape ! 
Ugh , Lab reports . :/ 
My computer is on it's last legs :( \ 
Let's hope it can survive till the end of the semester . 
needs more sleep :/ 
time to do some math , woot . 
I'm so happy and I don't know why :D 
Yay Halloween !!! 
Work Work Work , so I don't have to feel guilty about coming home for Oyster Festival 
Yay , Halloween !!!! 
Trick or Treat ! :D 
Can't wait for Oyster Festival !! 
OYSTER FEST !!!! 
OMG , my car insurance cut in half cause I'm so old . AWESOME !!! 
Get to go to Fan Mountain observitory next week , exciting !!! 
Labs :P 
No more hair/beard !!! no one seems to reconize me , haha 
Everybody should come to McCormick open night this Friday because I'll be working the telescope this week !!! 
Went to Fan Mountain observortory but the vaccumm seeling the liquid nitrogen gave and the CCD got too hot to use :( Have to go back this weekend . 
Ran McCormick observatory for open night tonight because the professor who does it was out of town . But I had no idea that a professor was not going to come to take his place to lectture on Jupiter and the history of the telescope . So , I had to discuss the history of the telescope and Jupiter in front of 150 people , and I actually knew what I was talking aa about !! Made me feel so perfessional :) 
Just learned that all his images taken at Fan Mountain observatory tonight were taken in vein . It turns out that when we would switch between red , green , and blue filters it didn't do it because a wire grazed the switch for the filter controle from remote to local . Since it was in local , when we would tell the filter to switch , it didn't do it . Super :( :( :( :( 
Going to probably have to leave home early over Thanksgiving because of observational astronomy . :( 
Working with the images I took at Fan all day . So much left to do , farewell nice long Thanksgiving break . 
Yay !!!! Turkey Day :D 
Back at UVa , anybody else here yet ?? 
Time to get some serrious work done !! 
Come on UVa , why do you want to pass the ball to VT so much !!!!! 
Can't wait to work all day tomorrow . woo ! 
Just finished my lab 20 minunts before it's do . Whooo time management !!! 
At Fan Mountain doing spectroscopy , woot 
I am personally leading a more personal McCormick open night Wed . Dec . 8th . at 8 P.M. so any UVa students that wish to come are welcomed . 
Computer finally decided to die on me , hope tech can fix it 
exams :P 
Totally killed my astronomy final , yay !!! 
Exam time !!! :P 
Multivariable Calc :P well let's just get it over with . 
Soooo close to the end , all this hard work finally feels like it's paying off . 
Observational astronomony exam , prepare to meet your maker !!! :D 
Home :D 
SNOW :D 
Got my first ever A this semester , yay !! 
At the Hall's as always :D 
Green Hornet is an AWESOME movie !!! 
Back at UVa 
Just found out that the math class I failed last semesters grade got changed to a C- !!!!! Super Yay :D 
Finalizing my RA application essays , hope I get it this year :D 
Don't you just love it when a professor leaves out a complete concept that's vital to the understanding of the math :P Teaching myself humanities is ok , but differential equations , nooo . Sorry sleep , you're going to have to wait till later . 
Just finished my RA application essays :D I'm so excited !!! 
I would rather be a failure at something I love than a success at something I hate . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > Burns 
Another hair cut :D Long overdue . Let's start this semester off right :D 
Back at UVa !!! 
\What's a Bieber ?... It kinda looks like a girl ... \ " \ 
I just have the feeling that this is going to be a really good day :D 
I have a free weekend and don't know what to do with it . Let's get some ideas :D 
