The weirdest thing about FB for me so far is seeing all of these people that I haven't really had any contact with in the decade since we graduated , and discovering that they're all not the same kids that my mind has them all frozen as . It's especially weird seeing that so many have kids and/or careers of our own . How dare all of you have lives that exist completely outside of my personal universe ?! 

Little baby < PROPMALE > was born this morning ( 8/3/10 ) at 5:30 AM . 8lbs 9oz , 21\ ( not quite as big as his brother was ! ) Mommy and baby are doing fine ! ( Side note : posting this via in-room internet on the flat-panel TV on the wall using a little wireless keyboard ; love the age we're in ! ) " 
Monday's finally here ! \ 
\ 
( Note : I work 12-hour shifts all weekend , and Monday is the first of 4 days off for me every week . So while so many of my Facebook friends are lamenting Monday's arrival , I'm happy to see it get here . ) 
Monday ! Hooray ! ( No , not meant sarcastically . See last week's post . ) 
I'm thankful for :\ 
( Facebook tells me that my list is too many characters to post , so it's coming in a follow-up comment , which seem to have no length limit ... ) 
A few hours , $60 , and a few scraped and bruised knuckles later , and the coolant leak in the car is fixed . Next up , computer repair , which will involve temporarily Frankensteining one to another to backup the data from the one that bluescreens on startup into the one that has a bad power supply , then doing a Windows reinstall , then putting everything back . I'm not sure which job will turn out to be the bigger pain . 
Just wondering why a Yahoo image search for \wooden swing sets\ " brought up the \ " [blank ] may contain adult content . You may need to turn off safe search . \ " warning ... " 
To all of the CityVille players : I'm not trying to be a jerk . I'm just trying to avoid getting hooked on yet another FB game . So don't take it personal that I'm ignoring CityVille requests . :) 
Thank You to all of my birthday well-wishers ! \ 
And to anyone who has had a birthday this year that I missed and/or simply neglected to make a post ( as the thoughtless , uncaring , lazy bastard that I am ) Happy Belated Birthday to you all ! :) 
Curse you , Minecraft ! \ 
P.S. Creepers suck . 
Minecraft highs and lows . ( Full story too long to post as my status , see subsequent comment if you feel like reading . ) 
Gonna lose some nerd cred here , but I've never watched Firefly . Until now , that is , courtesy of the Science Channel . So far , they've only aired the opening 2-hour episode , and the first regular length episode , and I've loved them both . At least I'm already prepared for the disappointment of the series being cut so soon after it began . 
Questions of the day :\ 
So , is Libya going to be the new Iraq ? \ 
-And/Or-\ 
Why is it that all roads in < PROPFEMALE>'s world run right into ( never around ) obstacles like snake-filled lakes , creepy forests , and mountains ? 
