I don't want it to be the 3rd tomorrow . I need more vacation . I'm in a down mood because I accidentally broke something special :'( . 

I am making all new Instant Messaging Accounts , Including AIM , AIM , Windows Live/MSN/Yahoo , Playlist.com, and more . If anyone who uses any of these can send me there usernames that would be great . On a second note , I have absolutely no ones phone < PROPFIRST > because the account I had them in reset itself . 
Going to bed 
going to bed soon 
going to bed 
Going to bed . 
Sick my Debit Card got approved ! 
Done vacuuming . I hate having the 2nd biggest house in the whole town when you have to vacuum like 5,000 sq feet . 
bed 
I hate Sundays . 
I have to sew the button back on my dress pants so I can wear them tomorrow . 
Tired . Going to eat dinner 
Contemplating what to do with my life .... 
I think people have a lot of questions .... 
Not to offend anyone , I am not preaching this box is just for saying whats on your mind , but I believe that there has to be some sort of higher power , otherwise I don't think things would be like they are now . To anyone that disagrees with me I am chill I am not a preaching this is how * I * feel . 
I am so tired . Even after a coffee coolatta . 
My PayPal Debit card came in . :) 
I am actually in a okay mood . I still feel like I need to make up for the shit I caused .... Probably doing alot of work for ' my ' group . Need to finish reading packet from < PROPFEMALE > Coakly for the board . 
Just cleaned my room and doing laundry . Hopefully getting some work done . Bit emotional today . 
Trying to do some work . 
Life should have a pause button . 
Had a good day . :) But like the right side of my stomach right above my waist hurts for some reason ? 
I need to do something on Friday and Saturday . Anything please anyone who wouldn't mind me tagging along or something please talk to me or something . I get cabin fever from being in my dad's house so much . 
school 
I hope whatever caused the Facebook problems burns in hell ! 
Boring Saturday ahead . :( Hopefully doing something entertaining like movies or something ( at-home ) . DeMolay Sunday . 
movie with dad 
sick 
back from demolay 
I hate writing fake apology letters ! To those that ever have or get apology letters from they are candid because I hate writing ones that I don't mean ! 
We don't know what we're doing . We don't know where we're going . We don't know how we're doing it . But all that doesn't matter , things are changing and they can only get better . 
I just had a breakthrough idea today ! Cheers to < PROPFEMALE > for the CSPC meeting invoking my idea . So I want to know every *** idea *** anyone has for NCCES . Anything is possible the class of 2012 proves that . How can we make ourselves better I want YOUR ideas . 
Like this if you are interested in participating in a group at school that will focus on topics regarding goals for the school , such as spirit , sports , field trips , fund-raising etc . 
I was bad and left facebook logged in from last night all through today . 
I love being able to open the blinds on my skylight and my room be filled from natural light from above . 
Had a great time last night at < PROPFEMALE > w/ < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , Chippy -- I found some of my friends I haven't sen in a long time ...!!! Today was good , I had my lines perfectly memorized after only a day and a half . Cannot believe I am saying this , I am so glad I have nothing to do tomorrow , I am sleeping for more than 6 hours for once in 2 weeks . 
wow idk what to say :] ? 
Great day today , < PROPMALE>i's/<PROPFIRST>'s family is awsm and their step-uncle/step-dad makes great cake . Best weekend I have had in over a year , literally . < PROPFEMALE > on Friday-DeMolay on Saturday and meet the Fockers at the Leominister chapter with < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > d , Mrs Milko-with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > today <3 
ok rrly doing hw now . < PROPFEMALE > I can go to facebook rehab with u-lol . Lets see how many real friends I have tomorrow , should know soon by the way things are going ? 
well I thought that the day turned out better than I thought it would . Until I got dropped off from the Board meeting and my step mother shrieked from a conflict with my dad and now she is leaving . I AM ON MY OWN WITH MY FATHER ! idk what to do . Mitchi I am having problems with my meebo I will try texting from my email or msg me on facebook . 
At the milkos . Tlkin to Mitchi :] 
Dad had a period . He has it to often . Mrs. Milko if you see this and I haven't had a < PROPMALE > to call you I don't think I can go with you to have my haircut my dad is pissed and freaking out saying he never said yes and so on even though I talked with him . Then he came in my room screaming at me saying I have an appointment right now at 8 in Worcester ? WTF he is crazy . Well otherwise I had a good day . Tlkd to mitchi <3 
Okay so I like got a haircut . I don't know if I like it . My dad made me get it cut , thankfully my step mom talked him out of a buzz cut . Sorry Mitchi :( 
doing crap ... 
ok so like i left my computer logged in all day again . I am trying to stop but like i always pass out on meebo and facebook . disregard me being on past 12 and before 3 unless i legit tlk to u . 
goodnight everyone . I decided to log off crackbook tonight instead of falling asleep with it on and then leaving it on all day tomorrow . 
Vicodin so far does nothing for my pain nor anything else . 
The Vicodin is finally starting to make some of my pain go away . :) 
I am going to try and eat dinner . The numbness is almost gone . I feel confident I can eat with biting my tongue off now . But I want real food . I am not the type of person that can be satisfied by only eating ice cream . 
I regret eating food . My mouth is sore and in pain . I guess I am going to watch TV shows or movies . 
1\ 
out of every 10 people born is gay . That means 1 out of every 10 people\ 
is instantly put down , given bad labels , left alone , put in a minority \ 
and so much more , all for something they didn't ask for . Many gay teens \ 
are committing suicide as a way of escaping . If you want to tell them \ 
life will get better and you respect them for who they are , copy and paste this most of you won't , but let's see the 5% of you ? 
I am so happy I reconnected with my friends from Safe Homes !!!!!!! :) 
Lots of crap to do . 
I am so pissed . 
My smoke detector on the 15-18 ' cathedral ceiling in my bedroom has decided to start beeping . I think it needs a new battery . Not an easy fix with the tall ladder being in the barn , I think I have to sleep through it . Tonight is not the night with PSAT's tomorrow . :( 
good meeting today :) 
in a good mood 
Have to do a ton of things today for my dad and I don't feel good . 
My dad threw my step mother out . He said shes not allowed back and if she comes I can't let her inside or else . 
So my dad let my step mother back inside the house after I went to sleep . Thank god , without her I don't have a security blanket to stabilize my father . 
My brain is going to implode . 
My mind is imploding . The damn essay is due tomorrow . I am supposed to be in two places at the same time . I have no student to run the GSA meeting . I'm so thrilled . 
Let's wear purple tomorrow ! 
I had another bad day . I shed a few tears . In the end I gained more fear . However \ 
I know have someone in the same boat as me . My step mother is getting ready to bounce about the same time as me . We both are trying to flee as soon as my 17th birthday passes and for her Christmas passes . 
I am pissed I could not go to Safe Homes . I hope Mr. Milko is okay . 
Sometimes I don't know what I do wrong . I get worried if I did something wrong or if I was misinterpreted . I feel like I don't know anything . 
I'm in a very good mood . 
I am confused . 
Its what you know that haunts you , \ 
not what you don't . \ 
If you knew not what you know , \ 
this world would be a different place . 
< PROPFIRST > is re-friending me on facebook ! :) Kinda silly for a post but like I was hatting not being friends with him since we were like brothers before . 
I am actually in a relatively good mood today . I don't feel like the world is after me as much as usual . 
I have decided I am founding Crackbooks Anonymous for Facebook addicts . There are people out there like me who need serious help from the twelve step method of staying Facebook sober . 
Argh , why cannot I not focus on anything . * Feel Happyish [ X ] * Take Adderall to focus more [ X ] * Have work out [ X ] * Feel committed to accomplishing work [ X ] * Actually get anything done [ ] 
I sometimes feel like I am Frankenstein because of my personality differences and life choices and life views are all different and too a lot of people contradicting . I conform to being a Non-conformist . 
Sorry to anyone who tried talking to me earlier today . I fell asleep with my facebook logged in . I was trying to check my facebook last night but I fell asleep , with my glasses on . 
EBEVRYONE READ THIS THIS MIGHT BE ONE OF THOSE DAYS MY DAD IS ABOUT TO CUT THE INTERNET AND PHONE 
MY DAD JUST CUT THE INTERNET AND PHONE LINES . I AM ONLINE BECAUSE HE FORGOT TO SHUT DOWN THE WIRELESS SIGNAL . I DON'T KNOW HOW LONG I WILL BE ON . HE WENT ON CHARTER AND LOOKED AT THE ENTIRE RECORD AND MINUTES OF WHO I CALLED USING THE HOME PHONE . SHIT IS PROBABLY GOING DOWN TODAY . 
My father continues to impose psychological control over me through the domain of emotional and mental abuse . I have decided that I will no longer speak to him no matter where that leads me . I will peacefully practice passive resistance . He will be filing a CHINS on me tomorrow even though I have done nothing wrong . In reality , the M.G.L. defines a CHINS worthy \stubborn child\ " as ... to be continued in a note " 
My dad has begun taking random things away from me starting with my remote controls . Luckily , I know how to do things old school and actually use the buttons on the device . 
So , \ 
the silent treatment appears to have worked with my father somewhat . He\ 
gave me back the internet and my remote controls , even though I said \ 
nothing too him . So I responded to him when he said ' I love you ' , which he \ 
then started arguing again . However the night has finished locked in an \ 
armistice and I have my inteternet is on so things are okay . I shall no \ 
longer give into things that are lies . 
eating breakfast 
What should I wear for Picture Day Tomorrow ? 
Like this status if you dislike me . 
Today should be exciting ! 
WTF I HATE ALL FACEBOOK APPS 
I can't wait to get back home today and here good news !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I will be back and forth sporadically from tv to computer . I will remain logged in . however I am excitedly watching this thrilling elections ballots come in !!!!! :) I wish I was 18 and could vote . Stopped by HCS library while Ms. Davalos voted . God I have voting fever !!! 
feels like there are a bunch of awesome presents under the Christmas tree that he is starting to open them . 
I feel sick . 
FMLI don't even know what I did wrong now . WTF I might as well die . FML 
Good day today . Feeling very lethargic with a hint of apathy lately . I'm contemplating where I shall go from here . 
Today was a good day ; it was productive . I have a bunch of work to do but I feel a lot less stressed than yesterday . I am really hoping to spend Thursday with Jobby Nogueras . I am asking my dad later tonight . I hope he says okay . 
went to get some junk food . After stepping off of bed felt light headed and vision went black . Then went to open bedroom door and managed to have a surreal flashback to the room I had at my mom's house , frozen for a minute or two . After wards , walked out into the hallway and slightly bumped into a wall , took a left and starred at fuzzy blackness , assumed to be stairs . 
OMG ITS 2 A.M. 
I have a headache but I am wicked excited !!!! 
Jobby Nogueras is sleeping over today !!!!!! 
Jobby Nogueras couldn't sleep over today ! :'( :'( :'( I got to his house to pick him up and he couldn't sleep over :'( 
bored 
got generic college interest emails 
Worked all day with my dad moving things in the trailer my dad has for storage so he is ready to move . He is actually throwing stuff away !! We are not actually moving his office tomorrow which is a good and bad thing . :/ 
:'( 
I got a cell phone . Ask me for the number . I only have 100 minutes monthly , and only 250 txts , so its mainly for after 9:01 AM- 5:59 AM on week days and Friday 9:01 PM-Monday 5:59 AM unless you have Verizon . So I am still going to mainly txt from my aim besides when I am not home . 
ICE CREAM ! 
[ 01:27 ] < PROPMALE > Bergeron : dude u have a brain lol\ 
[ 01:27 ] < PROPMALE > Bergeron : props 
<3 :) <3 
too much crap to do 
I have an idea .... 
< PROPMALE > out with with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > last night and today . 
Christmas Music !!!!!!!!!!! 
So me and my grandmother , < PROPFEMALE > , decided we are going skydiving for my birthday . But , since you have to be 18 , we are going to the sky diving wind tunnel this year and the real thing next year . :) <3 
Well this was not meant to be an all night endeavor , but t6his project to slow and time consuming . Screw energy in a bottle , I want sleep in a bottle so I won't feel tired the next day . 
So the 3 writing homeworks for Animal Farm are basically meaningless . Each is only 5 points . So I can not do them and get an exemplary in the class ? Count me in ! 
My stock in Disney does nothing . I think I am just selling it . I wish I had stock in Apple . 
OMG North Korea attacked South Korea !!!!! If this becomes war then we are defiantly being drawn into this . SHIT ! :( 
Was with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > last night . With < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Murphy today . 
Wow I went four days without facebook !!! 
Okay so I still have a bunch of stuff to do . So If I have not responded/liked anything you sent posted on facebook yet you are not being ignored . 
Yes , so excited that facebook finally lets you put extended family in your family relationship section !!!! Now I can list Ms. Adams as my Grandma 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is coming over tomorrow ! <3 <3 <3 
Good Morning Facebook ! 
HELP : DAD IS BEING NUTCASE CUT OFF CELLPHONE FROM VERIZON . HE IS DELUSIONAL IVE DOEN NOTHING WRONG IDK HOW LONG I HAVE WITH COMMUNICATION THROUGH WIFI . IF I AM NOT IN SCHOOL TOMORROW THAT MEANS THERE IS A SERIOUS PROBLEM !!! 
With my babe < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > :) <3 
Okay , so I am just beginning to check my facebook now , I am a week and a half behind . Thank you for my birthday messages , if I haven't commented on yours yet . If you sent me something and I haven't responded it is because < PROPMALE > is here and I am spending time with him <3 
In case you did not know what happened to me over the past week , I got into a car crash on route 68 in Hubbardston , the day before my birthday . The passenger airbag did not go off and I spent the week in a hospital . I am okay though , talk to you all soon . With my wonderful man right now <3 . 
Got a working webcam and a skype ( smartaymartay ) now . Still working on readjusting to facebook after this week . I need to respond to a bunch of messages and requests :( . I cannot find my glasses . 
My dad is wicked stressed and tense again so my phone and all other things have been shut off . As usual my father has forgotten my laptop receives WiFi . Before I came home though , I was having a very good day with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Sykes and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . Also , I am very happy that I recovered my password file so that I can finally check my online accounts again ( email , meebo , aim , etc . ) . 
4 Weeks of unchecked email in my inbox here I come ! 
My phone service is back on so everything has cooled down . 
It's said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . These types of friends pick up like they spoke just yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live . And they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy , but you will always love them .... YOU KNOW WHO YOU ARE :-) Re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends . ? 
Bedtime for me >>> goodnight to everyone . Almost tempted to stay up to talk to < PROPFEMALE > May Sellars though , because we haven't talked in awhile . P.S. < PROPFEMALE > I think I am going to actually call you tomorrow ( later today ) instead of talking late at night as usual . :P 
That's odd ... the group home I was at friend requested me on my family facebook . I think I may decline , I'd rather not have DCF snooping into my personal life . I mean that would be like befriending a Lipton Center Crisis Responder ..... Considering my DCF file claims and literally believes me to be a Crack-smoking , delusional juvenile delinquent who has < PROPMALE > authority problems , I will be adding them to my block list . 
Well this crack smoker has got a bed to go sleep in . ;) Hopefully the bed doesn't try to suffocate me like last night , while it speaks to me through my mind . Maybe I should share some of my crack with it next time I get some to get on its nice side ......... :P 
I am very frustrated . I need to find some to live with . My only requirements are : 1 . I can still go to NCCES . 2 . The person(s ) must not have bipolar . Any ideas ? 
Thursday Friday Saturday & Sunday til-5 were horrible ! Sunday night was amazing . Monday was Monday but with < PROPMALE > . Today the entire basement became my apartment . 
I cant sleep :( I have alot on my mind . I am not looking forward to school today I hope the roads are too icy or at least a delay . Im pray'n for a 6 day weekend 
School ... :( oh well ... :( I'm tired and I have a headache . :( Well I look forward to moving into my basement apartment when I get home . I have a walk-in closet 
\Tiffany : You should be a domi-matrix . Julia : Do I need to go to college for that ? \"" 
=( 
If there is DeMolay today , I would be so greatful if < PROPFEMALE > Dawson Milko took us to Dunkin ' Donuts for coffee . :P 
This also means more old photos , baby stuff , etc ! I cannot believe I am able to legitimitably say this , but , I had formulated the base of my political ideology in the 3rd grade . At this point in time I guess I would be labelled as a libertarian-9-year-old . I cannot believe how well the old project I found correlates to the thing I wrote in my facebooks political view section . 
My father is missing . My step-mother is in the process of filling a missing persons report . 
I want everyone to know that things are looking a lot better for me . My dad went to treatment . Things seem like they are coming together . I will be online later 
I want cowboy boots . 
Blue is being put to sleep tomorrow . 
=) 
I am going threw old papers again . Tons of shredding . But I need a scanner . It worked out good saving my 7th grade roundtable , my 8th grade gateway , my binder from mrs. sweeneys class 9th grade , and all of my work from 10th grade . For example , I can look back through all the handwritten comments on my papers from Bertoni , and I still have hard copies of things like my song from ms Rogers , and my play from ms. Moreau . 
I just noticed my water bottle has an expiration date ?????? 
Yes at safe homes finaly ! First time in over 6 months . 
There is nothing to do in my house . 6k sq ft of boringness , i bet there is more fun in 1 sq ft of most of my friends ' houses . Especially the wirtz and milkos . 
In a good mood today . Got good news . I think I just did not feel good last night because of having trouble falling asleep . 
I have not been able to focus on anything all day . I prioritized my work accordingly , have a neat workspace away from distractions , and the work that needs to be done is in front me , but I just cannot concentrate on anything . 
Off to attempt to concentrate on school work , again . If I can't soon then I will have to pull an all nigher . :( 
So watching Humanities documentaries on Auschwitz did actually get my school work concentration back . I got a project done that was super late for Precalculus . Now I am debating on whether to get a few hours of sleep , or to just stay up all night and get more work done ... ( lots more to be done ) 
0.0 omg I just realized to people that have the same initials ..... 
Trial Week with Wirtz . =) 
I came upstairs to the kitchen from my bedroom about 15 minutes ago and < PROPFEMALE > , my step-mother , was crying . She said she knows things seem like they are working out , but she wishes that it did not have to be this way . She said she worries about me being taken care of . <3 To think my mom told me she was a gold digger ... 
HURRAY FOR NO BAD NEWS !!! 
Had a great day today . 
My grandmother has started calling me momad , for Martin-the-nomad :P 
\It's getting better all the time \"" 
I really cannot believe how fast this school year has gone by . 
