Turin 18 on Friday 

can't believe how ignorant he truely is 
Man , Ashmo ! You need to get another phone ! I got so much to tell you ! The first night at the new house ended in disaster , but it was jie like my fault though , lol . 
missin my dvd man , lol { inside joke } 
still in shock I think 
HAPPY 4TH BIRTHDAY < PROPMALE > ! We going to the zoo ... Now you can see your Tigers ... lls 
Is it forreal this time ? TMJ is in disbelief . 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS ALL !!! 
Had a good day with < PROPMALE > and Mekhi with his bad butt lls tried to push me out the door and beat me up while I was cookin 
Man , that little boy is way too energetic for me ... Busy body all day long and I didn't even get the < PROPMALE > to go back to sleep ... Anyways , we still had fun while his daddy was on the cpu all day lol 
The new < PROPFEMALE > Keys album is jie aight 
Happy Birthday Mommy ! 
I'm really tired of snow and cold ... Especially when people keep OPENING and CLOSING the door ! 
< PROPFIRST > turned the big 2-0 today . Happy birthday big sis ! 
Dry ass family members are a trip right ash 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day To All ... Don't Go Too Insane Tonight LLS 
Good day . New merchandise and found some money . oh yeah and super zooted . 
Man , between the bestie's sick bro ( < PROPFIRST > ) and the boyfriend , I'm now sick . Germs travel way too fast . Plus , this negro jacked all the halls . Now I gotta suffer . The things we do for love . 
Feeling a lot better today but oh course the sickest one is sleeping all day quarantined in the room . Got me making the transactions today < PROPFIRST > . All I got to say to that is unless they come to the door my black ass ain't leaving the house , lol . < PROPFIRST > ome over here . I'm bored . 
Man , I feel like somebody poisoned me . I need relief ! Oh shoot , time for round four ! 
I can't believe this beast of a best friend of mine fell asleep right in front of my face . She got the nerve . I'm bout yell * POW * in her ear to wake her up . 
Man , I can't wait for Fir on Friday . I already got the outfit ready . Spring Fever --- HERE COME THE P . I . C . ' s . They ain't ready for it Maggz and Ash 
Today just ain't turnin out like it should be on account of lazy people not gettin up like they supposed to . Holdin me up then gon have the nerve to complain about not bein able to sleep . Nobody told his a@# to stay up til d ! @# near 7 o'clock playin a game on the computer . Negro please get outta my face with the bull@#$% . 
The Kiddies are away and it's time to play ! I'll be Cat Woman if you be Batman . LMFAO 
I'm missing my girls . P . I . C . ' s where you at ? Ash and Maggs I miss you guys . 
Damn < PROPFIRST > , I didn't know your ass could run like that . Ya girl got the hell up outta there . Damn near gave me whiplash the way you took off . I know yall goin say it so I'ma put it out there myself . So what if I started banging the bottle on the ground , ya'll wouldn't complain if they would came chargin towards us and I scared there asses off . If not , I woulda jumped my ass over that big ass white picket fence . 
This guy tried to ride a Family Dollar cart down the street and it flipped over on his butt . Now I gotta listen to him moan and groan . SMH ... He think he still a kid . Damn shame . 
Today is a slow , dragging day . I just wanna crawl in bed and just start all over . 
Man , Mekhi little bad butt always getting into something . Now he got his hands in the toolbox . Lord if he wasn't sick I'd take his butt to the playground . He's too energetic running round here like a wild animal . Need to burn off some energy . I'm bout to KO his butt for a couple of hours . 
Gotta love Pizza Cravers Doritos 
Be Strong Now\ 
Because Things Will Get Better\ 
It Might Be < PROPFEMALE > Now\ 
But It Can't Rain Forever 
Where the hell are you Maggs ? How you gonna set up plans then be M.I.A. ? Where they do that at ?! 
Man , why do clothes take so long to dry ? I'm ready to get ready lol ... 
It's Loko Time ! Yeah baby , I been waiting for this .... Been saying all week that I need a drink .... Tonight , we're getting F&#$ed Up !!! 
Man Silk talking that dumb shit right now ... Nigga had it right when he said do he want us to go home ... Damn nigga bye . I'm to drunk and high for this ... Bumb ass niggas 
Sitting here listening to the entire Midnight Soul collection ... Why did music back in the day have so much meaning ? Whatever you wanted to say was in a song ... Sometimes I think I'm from the wrong generation cause this my kind of music ... Brings back memories of the long summers riding in the car with Grandma and Granddad listening to 102.3 ... Gotta love the this music 
Went down to the National Harbor last night with my hubby . It's real nice down there even though half the stuff up there is expensive . Felt good to be with the him all bunned up on the boardwalk . He tried to act like he wasn't having fun but then he gonna admit it was nice . Ily my complicated , anti-wussy man ! Lol 
I'm too old to be tryna fight over some dumb stuff that ain't even worth it . My future is too bright to let little stuff get in the way . I'm about money and knowledge in 2010 not nonsense and bullshit . It's a whole new ball game cause my life is on the line . My mom brought me up too good to feed into stuff like this . So therefore I'm out , got to go to work and make this money . Love ya'll facebook . 
Man , work killed me yesterday ! My damn feet and legs still hurt and we can't even wear my favorite shoes , CROKS . At least I ain't gotta go to work til 2:30 today . I < PROPMALE > woke my grumpy ass boyfriend up and got him outta the house . Now I can take my ass back to sleep for a few hours . THE HOUSE ALL TO MY SELF !!! 
Had a good day with mom dukes and < PROPFEMALE > ( Mommy's puppy and my lil sis lol ) . Feels like the good ole days that I miss so much . She said , \You always leaving something over here\ " and I was like \ " It's just an excuse for me to come back over \"." 
Just feel like crying myself to sleep . Nothing seems to be going my way today . I need a cheer up from my besties . Ash and Maggz , I need you guys . 
Man , what a start to a new day , just mad that I'm tired all over again . I need an energy drink . 
Man , overslept , missed work and got wrote up . Can't let that shit happen again . I need my job ! 
It's so damn hot outside that I'm in the house with the house with the blinds closed to avoid the sun . Never loved my a/c do damn much . 
It's so funny how people change on you , it's like they do a whole 360 . Looks like it's time to reevaluate who I call my friends and who are just some associates . I'm so tired of people who think they better than anyone else . Fuck them cause apparently they wasn't meant to be in your life in the first place . What the fuck is wrong with this world , no scratch that , what's wrong with the people in it ? 
B-Day tomorrow and I plan on having a ball ... Happy 19th to me ! 
Thank you to everyone for the birthday comments . Love you all !!! 
I'm on my mini-vacation this week so I'm out and about . Next stop , 2 nights/ 2 day park admission to Kings Dominion . Oh yeah , happy birthday to my hubby ! You made it through another year . Even though you may have wanted to give up sometimes you kept strong . Ily FOREVER ! 
Family cookout/crab feast was jie cool as usual . Mad I smell like pure old bay seasoning , which I'm allergic to , but I can't help it that I LOVE seafood . Anyway , what does tomorrow have in store for me , who knows . 
Sitting here sippin on Moscato and lemonade four loko with < PROPFIRST > Jane'e Williamson . Man , we gon be up in here passed out . Good night fb fam ... I think I'm feelin my drink ya'll!!!! 
New day new shit new low ... Who knew love could tear you down but it's ok cause I'm gon do what I gotta do regardless . I tried to chill out but I'm going back to the old T . No more nice T , I'm back bitches and worse than ever . 
The P . I . C . ' s have officially run out of late night shenanigans . Man , Maggz Smith over here knocked out like shit and me and < PROPFIRST > Jane'e Williamson on here lookin bored as shit at 12 o'clock . Man , I'm bout to do like Maggz Smith and take my ass to sleep and dream of them Serta matress sheep . 
Man , I wish I was smacked .... I was lookin forward to my drink .... blow my life , kill I hope mom dukes save me a daiquiri tomorrow 
I'm getting kind of tired of niggas bitchin over dumb shit . Act your fucking age not your shoe size . I'm fucking nineteen and more mature than your grown ass . Grow up nigga . 
Man , I'm gettin tired of listening to this man beside me snore . I'm bout ready to kick him outta the bed . Other ppl are tryna sleep too ! I'm the one who ain't get off until almost twelve yesterday . He got the nerd to keep this cranky female up . 
WTF I'm so tired of these ppl and their attitudes ... So glad his ass go back to work tomorrow cause then no more arguing over silly shit like who gets to play the PS3 . Yes ! No more I wanna play God of War this or MetalGearSolid that . Nigga talk your shit now cause tomorrow I'm on my Resident Evil/Midnight Club shit . 
Wow , it's funny how one person can make a big impact on someone else's life . All you can do is hope it continues to get better each day . I love being in love . 
Cloud muffins here I come ... ( insider ) 
Pool time ... It's hot ass hell and I got my sunscreen ready .... Wow noticed yesterday that my lotion got SPF 15 .... I don't need to get any more crispier ... Smh ... I went from caramel to mocha .... 
Gurl & GUUURRRLLL ( < PROPFEMALE > - Ynaffit ) you better shut ur face b4 I step stomp down on your stitches and make them bust loose .... As far as you < PROPFEMALE > of the Yetti's crawl back into your cave and go hibernate for the Winter . 
Today was a bad day . I got robbed at the bus stop on my way to work . Nigga took my social security card , birth certificate , smartrip , keys , and purse . Sad part about it was he had the audacity to bring his bitch ass back outside in shorts instead of pants . It's okay because everytime I see his dirty ass I'ma call the Cops til he get caught and when he do I'm pressing charges and taking that ass to court A . S . A . P .. 
Finally all the pieces of the puzzle are coming together . Tryna have his cake and eat it too . Man fuck that , it's like song , \You can get with this or you can get with that\ " . Which will it be brother . " 
Man , life truly does throw you some curve balls . I guess though life wouldn't be right without them . After all what don't kill you can only make you stronger . Sometimes you gotta go threw the bad before you can get to the good . 
Damn , it been a while but feels good to be back . At least for the moment that is . I miss my girls though and you know who you are . Can't neither one of you pick up the phone when I call . How rude ! 
So I'm in a much better mood now . I'm not gonna let ignorant people who aren't worth my time upset me . In the end they'll be the ones to suffer , I'm gonna live life and do me regardless . 
Wow , the one night I decide to go to sleep early I end up having a killer head throbbing headache . Man , this day is gonna be a blower for me , it already started out bad . 
Got strep for the second time in three months . I hate being sick . Damn 101.4 degree fever . Been in the ER for hours . All that time for three needles and 2 Tylenol 3's . On top of that Walmart wanna take five years to fill my prescription . Time for me to pass out now . 
Q : why you won't be my wife ? \ 
A : 1 ) You a slick ass bastard 2 ) You a hoe 3 ) Just ain't happenin so keep it movin 
Wow , my Tagged pplz tryna play the ? Game .... Y'all freaky but T liked ! Still wouldn't post half these questions 
Q : You was fallen last night . What happened ? \ 
A : Nigga you went M.I.A. so I made other plans but if it make you feel better you woulda been better company 
Q : Where you think we'll be in five years\ 
A : To tell you the truth and not to hurt your feelings either but we'd past each other on the street with not even so much as a passing glance 
I always used to be afraid to come out of my shell because I cared what he world thought of me . I made some changes for me and they paid off . Never felt so confident in my life . The secret to happiness was inside me the whole time and nonI realize that thanks to my two P . I . C . ' s . Love my girls 4life 
Last question of the night\ 
Q : Why you look so mean\ 
A : I gotta let the world know that it can't bring me down . No matter what others think of me , I'm always gon be me , Tiona < PROPFEMALE>' < PROPFIRST > . Afterall , I am < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Gilham's child and she taught me not to take no BS from nobody 
Why is it when I say I want to < PROPFEMALE > out you automatically assume it means I wanna have sex with you ? Two track mind niggas forreal . What's wrong with these dudes nowadays ?! 
Yeah , you got it this time but best believe that you won't get me again . I was your company not switched around . Keep messin around and it won't be another time . 
Happy Thanksgiving Fam ! Everybody it's okay to spurge and enjoymupurself but don't eat til the point that you're miserable . Made that mistake a couple years back , it's no fun . 
Haha sucker . She hip to your BS you no good sack of shit . Bitch ass nigga I despise your whole existence . You messed with the wrong one's emotions . Now I'ma have to cut ya . < PROPFEMALE > Whoo banging ass nigga my ass , I'll fuck you up ! 
Time to claim what's mine . Tired of searching and not finding , finding and then losing , tired of broken-heartedness in general . I like but I wanna love and we on the same < PROPFEMALE > but like you said , \We gon let nature pave the way . \ " \ 
No night and shining armor here . < PROPFEMALE > tales are for suckers . My baby a tough cookie with a < PROPMALE > bear side . I decided that I want you to be my Mr And me your Mrs. He's so sweet , well most of the time that is . <3 I Love You Tye ! <3 
I opened up one door without closing the other . I know it was wrong but door 2 turns out to be a better bargain than door 1 . Tonight was magical and just great all over . I am the future Mrs. Tye Jones . We are Natural Born Killer . ( Insider)\ 
\ 
~ I Love My Baby ( Tiona & Tye 4 Life ) 
< PROPFIRST > girl where you at ? You got me worried ! We need phones girl ! 
Well , no more worries . I feel bad though but it's time for a change . After all , sometimes with love you have to chances . That part of me will never die but this new found happiness of mine is worth the pain . Never knew it's be so hard . Love sucks sometimes , but in my case , I'm not gon cry cause it's a step forward in my new start . 
I'm missing my baby like crazy ! This gon be a long three days without him . Right about now I'd be talking to him . Oh well , it coulda been worse it's only a weekend . We gon make up for it next week . Love you baby ! 
I might be the only one who recalls this show on Boomerang ( my fav channel ) but man they was battling for that finish line like I don't know what in this show every episode ! < PROPMALE > Dasterly was mad as hell each time his pranks turned against him and his dog Muttley little dry laugh had me crackin up . That just goes to show cheaters never prosper . 
Damn , I miss facebook for two little days , come back and see all < PROPFIRST > ! What the he'll is the < PROPFIRST > game and how do you play ?! Somebody please tell me so I can get in on it . 
#519 You are the only one of his ex girlfriends , we won't speak his name , that I like . I can tell you just about anything . You're like another mom to me . Love you ! 
#333 This girl is my best friend , sista , partner in crime , right hand man , all of the rest I can't name right now . When we met we just clicked , like we knew each other our whole live and just lost touch . Wouldn't trade this chick for the world ! 
#3407 You cool as shit . I only known you for a little while now but you betta than half the friends I used to have . We gotta < PROPFEMALE > out cause I be bored as hell in the house . 
Man , I never thought I'd feel like this . In the past I've come close but never have I loved this hard . He really does make me feel like I'm the only girl in the world . I love him so much . I hope this new * adventure * will bring us even close . 
Would somebody PLEASE talk to my babez < PROPFIRST > Stevens ! He bout to have a bitch fit ! 
I want some more < PROPFIRST > ! Somebody inbox me theirs ! 
#02 My bestie in the whole wide world ! Can't believe we five years strong , most of my friends haven't made it past the first year . You are truly my partner in crime , my mother&$@%in sista . Love you < PROPMALE > ! 
Love is unpredictable and usually is the one you least expect . When we first met , I thought of him more so as a friend but then we got to know each other more and more . Eventually friends turned to liking and then to love . I feel like he may actually turn out to be the one . Don't ask me why , something in me just feels like it's just right . For once I found someone who fits in my life almost perfectly . 
So Friday is my Bestie Maggz B-Day so we're off to Fur , then Saturday I have to figure out what me and the Hubby are doing . So my weekend's pretty full . The countdown begins : Two day ! The P . I . C . ' s and my < PROPFEMALE > in the same weekend , can't wait ! 
I mean people have told me some really weird fantasies before but that just took it over the top ... Just had to put that out there , it's only TMI if I actually say what it is ... I knew he was a freak but I never expected that ! To make matters worse , my sis/bestie just had to urke him on ! What goes in that corrupted mind of his sometimes ? I still love him all the same ... 
A very special birthday to my Bestie/Sista Maggz ! Luv you girl ! Tonight we gon party ! Fur ain't ready for us tonight ! We gon turn it upside down ! Lls 
Man , I'm sitting here like I got the whole night ! I'm still tired but at least I did get like a two hours of sleep . Going out with the girls tonight to celebrate my sista Maggz B-Day ! As long as they know I'ma come home and just crash , probably right through the front door . Anyway , see ya FB , time to get ready for OMG Friday @Fur w/ < PROPMALE > ! 
I don't want to break her heart again . I think though it's best if I leave . That way she won't have to worry about me causing her any more pain . It hurts me too but this is the only solution I've come up with . I love her so much so I need to get far away from her . 
I still love him ... No scratch that I still like him but as far as go ... We're done ! 
Still twisted from last night ! Missing my left contact lens so seeing half & half ( so weird ) , I got zero sleep on a < PROPFEMALE > air bed with a 1 year old that can't keep still ( got kicked in the ribs several times ) while the one who chose to sleep on the floor complains and yells . What a night ! Man , at 12 I'm going to sleep for the rest of the day ! Holla at ya'll tomorrow FB ! Time to hit the pillow the right way this time ! 
Funny you had nothing to say when we broke up yet you still textin me . Wassup with that ! 
I'm about to have a break down ! Dang bugs ! 
