happy newyears to all my friends and family 

blue 
Every single one of you are on my Friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family ! Let's see who in my Friends list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this in your status . On your ma ... rks ... get set ... GO I'm paying attention ha ha i did it right 
Happy Easter tp Everyone and Have a great day 
Off to work i go hope everyone has a great day 
Hope everyone has a great day 
HUSBANDS WEEK : If you have a husband who makes your life interesting and fun , is your best friend , who has been with you through thick and thin , who has been a blessing in your life and who you are proud to be married to - copy and paste this to your status . I was gifted with the BEST husband in the world . 
some days are easy and some are not now if i could just find a sitter life would be good :} 
Life is great today i am off of work and get to spend the day with my boys :} 
off to work i gp :} 
Happy Birthday to my big 7 year old boy < PROPFIRST > gosh how time flies :} 
night night so very tired :} 
uugghh one split day off and sick yuck \} thats a half hearted smile lol " 
Everyone have a great weekend and for all the moms out there A big huge Happy Mothers Day 
Two things I have learned in my life and are so true < PROPFEMALE > bites and the second is what comes around goes around 
Woo Hoo it is almost my friday :} 
ok woo hoo it is now my friday 
Thank you to everyone Hope everybody has a great day 
had a great vacation with family and friends 
Hey how are you doing 
SISTER week . If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your\ 
tears , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you stumble , cheered you on\ 
and kept you strong , post this . Sisters are a friend forever . Put this\ 
on your status if you have an amazing sister !!!!!!!!!!! I love my baby Sis < PROPFIRST > !! how about sister inlaws too Lo ... ve ya < PROPFEMALE > too !! See More 
in the car 
I loved u the minute I knew I was pregnant . I loved u the minute you were born .. Then I saw your face and fell in love some more . You were only a minute old but I knew I would die for you & to this day I still would ..? When you choose to have a child you make a conscious decision ... to allow your heart to walk around outside your body ..? Put this on your status , if you have children you love more than life ! 
just wanted to say happy thanksgiving to all friends and family 
happy valentines day to all my friends and family on facebook hope everyone had a great day 
happy st patty\s day to all my friends and family " 
