The surge protector for the TV and Wii just caught fire , fried the computer as well . Poor < PROPMALE > , I actually liked that computer . 

Drawing for the past 7 hours . I'm in pain . 
11 hours . Eugh 
So a wacky movie called unmade beds is probably one of the best movies I've watched in a long time . I love crazy foreign movies . 
Watching Sesame street with my adorable cousin :) it's surprisingly entertaining 
Drawing by candle light ... Not very effective . 
Commissioned to do a painting :) I feel like a real artist 
My snail died ...... 
I just sold two drawings , what a great end to a friday . :) 
Just sold another painting :) this is a great weekend . A really really great weekend . 
Oh lord my fish is like nemo 0 . o swimmin with only one fin . 
I love when my parents compliment my < PROPMALE > and then ask me to do something . 
I love < PROPMALE > support people who tell me stories about their coon dogs . 
Passover dinner ! Who cares that I'm not Jewish ... 
Turpentine , oils , canvas , the Beatles , and chocolate . What an amazing combination . 
SCAD gave me 2000 dollars in scholarships for the summer program :D that's half the tuition :) :) :) :) 
Is drawing a fat fat walrus and loving it . 
My one and only cousin turns 2 today :) 
Church :/ 
Dances with wolves was an amazing movie . 
Macaroni :D 
If I have one more person ask me how old \my\ " baby is I might scream . " 
So I may be getting a dog . I'm not very sure what to think about this . 
Mothers day is so awkward for me . 
A well balanced meal : fries , mandarin oranges and a vanilla coke ........ 
Economics homework .... Yay ? 
I hate baby talk . 
So my dad is totally boiling the meat off a deer head in the garage . 
June 10 is radiation certification ! :D 
I am such a failure with computers 
To the beach ! 
I'm in Italy .... Wtf 
Anybody want a length of rawhide lacing ? 
I'm going to draw ... Meh meh meh 
I need an < PROPMALE > pimp , anybody willing ? 
Paper mâché time ! :D 
To radiation training ! 
Wants to be painting :( 
It's rather cool to go to a fancy hotel and while inspecting the room realize that your mentors < PROPMALE > is hanging on the walls . 
Only four days till SCAD o . 0 
To < PROPFEMALE > ! 
You don't want this dorm lol the AC unit sounds like a dying beast 
I ended up in a class completely devoted to measuring , I'm not sure I can do this :( on top of that the bus was 40 minutes late . 
In the library copying chapter 7 from a book that no one has so that I can pass my design quiz on Wednesday . :/ 
To the person who stole all three of my erasers , I hope you burn in < PROPMALE > hell . 
5 on AP drawing !!! * happy dance * 
Watching Cone Heads :) 
And now it's time for The < PROPMALE > Horror Picture Show . 
I think I may just die . Damn collage crap .... 
A great breakfast and scafe is playing < PROPFEMALE > and the Machine ? Terribly awesome . 
Fastest matting job ever , two projects matted and covered with tracing paper , taped up at forty five degree angles and hinges in twenty minutes . Maybe I'll pass this class :) 
A few words that should never be said within earshot of a drawings class , least of all in one . \I hate paper\ " ......... Why ? why oh why ? " 
Oh the sweet delight of realizing you stashed oreo pudding in your fridge just in case of an emergency :) 
Oh my god scafe has grapes . Real grapes . I'm so happy right now . 
SCAD = Sleep Comes After Death 
I'm going to cry . SCAD bought 3-D tickets for < PROPMALE > Potter . 
Thank you crispy duck and mushroom risotto for reminding me that food is supposed to have flavor . 
Zombie tag <3 
Making some paints , Green , purple and orange :) 
6 projects due next week , and if that wasn't enough I started a painting for myself . 
Three drawings in three days :) 
7 drawings in 3 days . I suppose sleep is optional . 
5 drawings complete . :) 
Last day of class :) 
Every single piece of < PROPMALE > that I spent the last 5 weeks making was almost ruined and was only saved by the fact that my giant drawing pad and giant case of Bristol board absorbed all the water . This is why I photograph every piece as it's finished . 
