I've discovered facebook , and am glad for it !! 

This is way easier than I thought it would be , this whole facebook deal :) 
Did anybody feel that earthquake ? That was pretty big ! 
Who's < PROPFIRST > ? 
thinks he's going to fall asleep in the pool today , if not there then somewhere besides his bed . 
just got his debit card . Score ! 
just saw the movie Land of the Lost . < PROPMALE > Lauer CAN suck it ! 
just got back from west pool after seeing that there's nobody there , and that's it's the official holiday of independence day for employees . 
just got back from the < PROPMALE > Fair in Girdwood , whoever that second-to-last band rocked prog-country ! :) 
' s anesthetics finally wore off , after going to the dentist's . That stuff makes me sound like a retard . Funny . 
just saw a wall of death occur and a \jump the f**k up\ " of slipknot on youtube !! CRAZY STUFF !!! " 
Just WALKED a panda at stairs . < PROPMALE > Scofield's a beast . 
I'm going to a wedding on Friday ! :) 
my fingers are BURNT . all the calluse on my fingers is burnt off from finger exercises . HOT ! 
has gotten recent addicted to runescape . 
is bored . 
thinks the rain god is pissed at him . 
saw District 9 last night , and it was awesome ! It was like a documentary mashed together with battlestar galactica gore and special effects . Epic . 
thinks this next friday is gonna kick ass ! 
has been feeling like crap all day long . Hopefully this clears up in time for the swim meet tomorrrow . Hopefully . 
Just realized how much time people have who don't do sports have . Holy crapola . 
Our swim season is FUBAR , kudos to Mikey . 
just heard beatles on KWHL . wtf 
My new year's resolution : to have more initiative , and to listen to more speed metal . GO SLAYER !!! 
just got a 5-string bass . bitches . 
Hmmm ... should I play my part for the musical on the double bass or bass guitar ? 
Eating a bagel while playing the bass ...? 
It's hailing in early april ... wtf 
Haven't been in the water for a week , but dropped 50 time to 24.81 
The musical kicked some < PROPMALE > ASS !!! 
Today is not my day 
I think we just set a high score in ass kicking . 
\basses : you're accepted ! \"" 
anyone know how to upload photos onto your profile from a cell phone other than an iphone ? 
I got a bow tie that's leGIT ! 
This piggy went to the market , this little piggy stayed home , this little piggy had roast beef , AND THIS LITTLE PIGGY GOT ROASTED !!! 
Anyone know how to tie a bow tie ? 
Command performances were pretty sweet ! 
I think I fell in heaven ... 
Let's do this ! 
Sleeeeeepp ..... 
I hate < PROPFEMALE > . 
Do you think they'll let me park at school on the thursday , without a permit ? 
Got a ticket at the UAA parking lot ... damnit . 
Anchor Point : full of psychotic alarm clocks , drunken natives at midnight , and one hour of sleep . Welcome ! 
Just look at the horizon ... 
anybody know of an easy way to format the ap < PROPFEMALE > summer reading journal entries ? 
Is anybody not doing anything right now ? 
Quiznos doesn't have meatball sub no more :( 
Would it be a good idea to bring my speaker setup to practice next week ? 
My dad thinks my the power bars that I eat are < PROPFEMALE > bars . 
Iron man II was pretty pimp . 
Nice bike ride 
Feel so lazy 
YMCA pool's filter is shot 
Cat is sick . 
money in the BANK !!! 
êLooks can be deceiving : i.e. Scum balls meant as a a temporary cleaning tool for when a pool filter's broke can easily be mistaken for a really nice snow 
êball . Yuck . 
finding the right bass amp is hard ! 
I do not like sitting here . 
hates harvesting rubarb . 
bass is currently in the repair shop , finally ! :) 
Just saw a man with diva sunglasses . Lol 
I WAS BORN FOR DYINGGGGGGGGGGG !!!!!! 
My bridge is finally fixed . No more buzzing ! 
Playing modern warfare 2 at 10:00 is sooo relaxing . I love summer . 
Fuck dimond parking 
Why am I so goddamn hungry ? 
Went paintballing 
Your mother is jamming our UAV 
So at the < PROPFIRST > lake bowling alley , someone put signs saying , \END CHILD HUNGER\ " on everyone's cars in the parking lot . " 
That was one short , hard rain ! 
My computer is so sloww ... god 
Even I don't like that cellist , and I like hard rock 
I'm not deep-voiced anymore . Helium's the new thing to do . 
Forgot my bow at UAA ... 
Taco < PROPFEMALE>'s pretty good ! 
That was a good concert ! And the firebird suite kicked ass !! 
I'm so bored .... 
Nice fine mist ... ahhh ... 
Stranger than fiction's a pretty cool song ! 
I think tuesdays should be called terrible tuesdays 
My mom doesn't let me drive her car , because she says I'll ruin her gas mileage . 
Two fo five dalla ! 
< PROPFIRST > kong is one cool place ! 
Can't fall asleep ... 
is back from < PROPFEMALE > bitches 
That was a epic wetland . 
Did anybody else get a playing for change package ? 
I just got the weirdest creep text ever . 
Ice cream + protein mix = awesomeness 
Pool speaker upgrade !!! 
My fingertips are dead . 
Turns out I probably didn't need to read the road or all the pretty horses . Wow . 
Rediscovered my love for distortion pedals . 
I'm up for a ride out at powerline pass ! Who's with me ? 
They call that shit an Oofsk ! 
Needs to learn to censor his language on facebook 
My mom tells me , ' I really hate your music . ' My response : I don't care . 
Eatin ramen while playin crackdown 2 , yes 
Inception was not hard to follow ! 
I just gotta say that hummus is awesome . 
Good times on the highway ... 
is drained ... stupid homework 
My parents are watching lady gaga music videos . What has this world come to ?!? 
I'm incredibly hungry ! 
Should I wear my playboy belt tomorrow ? 
25.15 for the 50 free , 2:02 for the 200 free , yeah ! 
I'm now certified to teach your ittle kiddies how to swim ! :) 
They need to make cereal boxes bigger ! 
Swam a 5:31 in the 500 , yeah ! 
I seriously need a new computer . 
Got halo reach !!! 
Did anybody feel that earthquake ? 
It's foggy !!! 
Almost hit a moose this morning . 
We have FROST ! 
It's snowing ! Woo hoo ! 
I have my xbox again ! :) 
On the school buses in kodiak , the drivser use < PROPMALE > code the talk to each other . 
No , peaches( i.e. my cat ) , my double bass is NOT something to climb on , sit on or sleep on . 
Looks like the steelheads have a new waterboy . 
SHOES OFF ON DECK !!! Lolololol 
State YEAH !!! 
The past is history . The future is a mystery . But today is a gift . That's why we call it the present . 
SNOW !!! 
I am done for a while . 
I like english toffae , ha ha ha ha 
Now I'm feeling the soreness in my throat from screaming my head off all meet long today . 
Goin back to AYS tomorrow YEEEAAAAHHHHH !!!!! 
As I bend over to take my socks off , an ab cramp occurs . Welcome to swim training . 
I'm taking back control ... \ 
with white knuckles\ 
With white knuckles\ 
With White Knuckles ! \ 
WITH WHITE KNUCKLES !!!!! 
YEEEAAAAHHHHHHIMADEITINTOALLNORTHWESTORCHESTRAYEEEEEEEEEAAAAAHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Good job everyone . We made magic tonight . 
I feel like I'm having slow motion addrenaline rush . Weirdest . Feeling . Ever . 
Mon-day , monday ... lololol 
YEEEEEEAAAAHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!! 
Thanksgiving weekend just turned into thanksgiving week . 
Thank you , AYS , for bringing me spontaneously hilarious moments like today . Lol 
My deck just went off like a gunshot . 
I am a music memorizing MASTER !!! BUWAHAHAHA 
That ... was an endurance run ... 
just lost power . 
The guacomole bacon burger is AWESOME !!!!!! 
\One Day in the Life of < PROPMALE > Desnovich\ " .... ( pant ) .... done . " 
///DOUBLE_BASS _AMPLIFICATION_ COMPLETE\\\\\\ 
finals , GET PUMPED !!! 
calulator : CHECK\ 
pencils : CHECK\ 
brain : CHECK\ 
common sense : CHECK 
Enyato 1 is sooo soothing .... 
The lechtenberger test is going down !!! 
A few competitive games of swat to conclude initial finals week r&r . 
You're a mean one , Mr. Grinch . 
Playing with the big boys , and getting bank : yes . 
Something isn't right . 
The house is freezing . 
... ow . Lolololol 
I just wanna open the presents already . 
Now I'm really feeling the dryland soreness . 
I'm not the one who's so far away\ 
When I feel the snake bite into my veins\ 
Never did I wanna be here again\ 
And I don't remember why I came 
97th percentile in math on the ACT ! YEAH !!! 
Ow . 
... ow ... 
Pain , pain , go away , \ 
come again another day 
I haven't rolled in the snow in too long of a time . That was fun . :) 
MLG : When the weather outside is frightful , and the . 50 cal's so delightful , there nowhere else to go , let it pwn , let it pwn , let it pwn . 
CHEMICAL WARFARE !!!!!! 
Bring it sinfonia for strings ! BRING IT ! YOU GOT NOTHIN ON ME ! NOTHINNNN !!! 
Swim bag ... hold up til this weekend , ok ? 
Stabbing a knife with a knife ... lol 
Fog cake anyone ? 
all northwest music is in ! I AM INVINCIBLE !!! 
Why can't we all be happy and carefree like the buddha ? 
Lower D main door locked ... why ? 
Can now play The Way of the Fist on bass with my fingers . Woo ! 
No more < PROPMALE > sets 
My god ... 
Of I would come home and the power would be out . Gah ! 
Rest in peace , dobie . 
Forearms unusually sore after the mile ... bass playing not a good prospect ... 
Peaches , be nice to rossi ... * rawr , hiss * 
His name is rossi , not rosco ! 
It's a rambo night 
Who's yo daddy now , trig identities ? 
I am never timing at a meet like that again ... 
Shirt ? Why would I need a shirt ? 
Nothing is sore but my hamstrings . Why ? 
Skiing sucks ! 
ALLNORTHWESTALLMORTHWESTALLNORRTHWESTALLNORTHWESTPREPARETOMEETYOURMAKER !!!!!!!! 
I got third chair ! 
I am in a section of 18 basses . 
I'm third chair in the all northwest orchestra , and I currently have no bass . GAH ! 
People can ask some pretty funny questions 
Dinner : burger bun , small salad , three meatballs . 
Must find a recording for crazed for the flame ... it is so AWESOME !!!!! It makes me wanna be a percussionist ! 
Just go for it 
Zach atkins , I found something more hellish than all-state : all-northwest 
Anybody up in alaska , you missed HUGE !!! 
On the plane 
Landed . 
It's been a bit of an ' ugh ' day 
Which is better swimming , skiing , or football ? 
Jazz band , sleep , jazz band , sleep .... ahh choices 
\This is what you could look like if you swam . \"" 
That ... might've been too long . But good job everyone . 
I'm sick ... this is not good ... 
does anybody have < PROPFEMALE > wick's new number ? 
With thin mints and do-si-dos by my side , this sickness is gonna be a cakewalk 
Anyone not doing anything ? 
People ask me what my secret is ... my strength lies only in my tenacity 
Don't ya just hate those commericals that are twice as loud as everything else on tv ? 
silly joley 
My voice is so much higher 
Led Zeppelin's Heartbreaker : beats all of today's pops songs . HANDS . DOWN . 
I got my voice back 
This is why water polo has been happening less and less ... 
Ow 
Soreness , we meet again 
Christian < PROPFIRST > ' Facebreaker ' McWorkman 
I seriously need a new bed 
search for third eye blind's ' never let you go ' , and you get < PROPFIRST > bieber ... what the hell 
Wish the poco meno mosso in Dvorak 5th , 2nd mvmt was solo , not soli ! 
Jazz band , school , AYS after barely practicing ... let's do this 
This'll be the second day sing sing sing's been stuck in my head 
Oh my god goldenview looks so small 
Who's gonna go to cupertino ? 
Crazed for the flame , you're going on my ipod 
One ap < PROPFEMALE > essay down , two to go ... 
( with a creepy voice ) I'll peel the grape for ya ... 
Why ducks have webbed feet ? \ 
To stamp out fires . \ 
\ 
Why do elephants have flat feet ? \ 
To stamp out burning ducks . 
I'm gonna blame the projected 5-9 inches of snow tonight on the radiation . 
What has the world come to ? 
Trefoils + extra cupcake frosting = heart attack cookies 
