GO SAINTS !! >>> WOAH <<< 

I need more people for my Mafia ... 
B-day in three days ... The countdown begins ! 
Just one more day till b-day 
its my birthday , hmm ... what should i do today ? 
Thanks everybody , b-day was great ! 
Life is good today ! 
[ SUP ] 
aghh ... going to work , 11am -- 5pm 
Yes ,... no work all weekend 
great weekend ... time to work 4-8 
Learn from yesterday , live for today , hope for tomorrow . 
bonfire !!! 
goin to work ... 11-4 
cant wait till tommarow ... day off from work 
Awesome day yesterday ... went to the mongolian bbq in Novi with sum friends . 
Mongolian bbq is goood 
Had teeth cleaned ... and enjoying my rainy day off 
Awesome bonfire last night with some music ... and movies tonight at MJR ... watchin < PROPMALE > of Persia , should be good . 
Movie was Awsome ... had fun 
went to the fowlerville bog ... little burnt but an awsome day , now going to another bonfire . 
just workin ... 
Day off tomarrow ... dunno what im going to do yet ?? 
crappy day at work , now relaxin 
< PROPFIRST > hood was pretty good , < PROPMALE > of persia was Awesome 
Lovin the sun , wish i had somthin to do ... 
Going bogging tommarow .... will be 88 degrees , hopefully not muggy after tonights rain 
Mud Bog was awesome ... weather was great ... friends were cool , \Sunburn sux \"" 
At three rivers ... Do not want to go home 
Starting a diet , need to get my life back on track 
Closing tonight 
Day-off today , shoot me a text ... 517-231-0066 
workin tonight 4-10 
workin 11-4 today ... dunno what im doin after 
Talk about a long day at work .... 
day off 
just another day ..... can't complain 
Too much Work ..... 
Goin to Cedar Point with < PROPFIRST > ballenger and gabby kurtycz this Sat , does anyone want to tag along ? 
cedar point was awesome .... the new water coaster was lame , but the rest was great 
Watchin some movies 
closing tonight , hopefully it goes smooth 
-Children with special needs only want what we all want : to be accepted . Can I make a request of anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least a Day ? It is Special Education Week , and this is in honor of all children who learn a little differently . 
went to I-Hop today , done eating for the next week 
At work ... bored , wish the clock would move a little faster . Why is it that the time goes slowly when your not having fun , then time goes by quickly when your having the time of your life ... feels like your being robbed that way . :( 
Yeah baby , Subway and < PROPMALE>'s breadstix ... potent mix 
At work , subwayin it up ! 
Heading out to work ... This is my last day workin at subway peaple . 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone , im out to have a good time ! 
A wonderful day with the family and amazing food ! unfortunately , its back to work tommarow ... All 18 hrs of it \Lord Give Me Strength \"" 
goin to work , 50+ hrs this week ... again .. 
saw a shooting < PROPFEMALE > last night !! 
does anyone know a good website to download youtube videos ? 
i need an Ipod , im lookin to buy any gen Ipod touch . pretty sure mine was jacked , i need one to tie me over till Febuary when i can upgrade my cell . \Reply if u want to sell \"" 
Feelin good , i've shed 4.2 lbs in the last week ... this spring is going to be great ! 
Today is going to be a good day .. 
Off to a rough start , woke up to a < PROPFIRST > horse .... work is going to be a drag 
facebook on the tv !! feelin fancy ... 
its 11am and im hyped up ... so-far thanks for the wishes everybody , \ 
\I want everybody's favorite mixed drink recipes \"" 
thanks everybody for yesterday's comments , this weekend is going to be epic ... \ 
now everyone needs to give me sum crazy mixed drink ideas .. and please the crazier the better ! 
