He was such a great freind who pulled me through a lot . RIP < PROPFIRST > Sieler 

If people have something to say to me then they can say it to my fucking face rather than talk to everyone else about it .... I don't understand why she didn't just talk to me about it . Then not call me or say anything to me .... Fuck this SHIT .... 
I have calmed down a bit so I made me choice . I won't continue to give things up for other people . If that means I have to do things on my own then so be it . I have given everything in my life up for everyone else in the last for years I won't do it anymore . I am going to keep my dog and my stuff with me no matter what anyone else says . 
Dude , Harvest < PROPFEMALE > , AWESOME !!!! It's like bright orange and looks like it's on fire !!! Coolest thing I have ever seen !!!!! 
New pictures !!!! With snake bite , hasn't healed all the way yet but I still love it !!!! 
Dude , Life is confusing . Once you think you have everything figured out something comes out of the dark and bites you . Shit , life is a bitch because if it was a slut it'd be easy !!!!! 
Just when you think everything is falling \ 
apart again you find something you have been missing . I have right now \ 
life is wonderful . I am very happy right now , imagine that !!! \ 
* shit eating grin * 
This is so frustrating !!!!!!!! Found an apt . but they want me in there sooner then I can have the money . AHHHHHHH ..... Why ? This is always the way it goes .... 
Doing well , things are looking up . Though somethings haven't quite evened out I believe they will soon . 
I like it on the kitchen table . 
Goodnight everyone . Get some good rest . I know I am going to try to . 
Whatever you give a woman , she will make it greater . Give her sperm , she will give you a baby . Give her a house , she will give you a home . Give her groceries she will give you a meal . Give her a smile , she will give you her heart . She multiplies and enlarges what she is given . So if you ... give ... her crap be ready to receive a ton of ... shit ..!!! Post it on your wall if you agree , hope to see every female re-post !! 
A little depressed tonight . Not sure where life is going to take me next . Lost and confused .... I can only have faith that the Gods smile down upon me now . 
Goodnight everyone . sleep well I hope you all have pleasant dreams 
For the first time in four months my baby girl told me she loved me !!!!!!!!!!! I am so happy . nothing could bring me down right now . I love her so much !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
13 year old boy in Texas shot himself in the head because he was bullied and tormented for being gay . Today , I STAND UP TO THOSE BULLIES in his honor . If you care to STAND UP with me , please post this as your status . No one should ever have to be tortured or bullied for who ... ... they are !!! We are all human being . It doesn't matter what color you are or who you are or where you come from 
I hate moving , It is so stressful .... AHHHHHHH ..... Losing my mind !!!! 
I need everyone's phone number's again . I just got my new phone . 
Smitten . Im really smitten 
Two days till i find out if its a girl or boy . 19 weeks today . YAY !!! 
Stupid fucking women . Now i remember why im not friends with the stupid cunts ! 
I may have an apartment within a week pray for me to get it please ! 
I GOT THE APARTMENT ! SO HAPPY ! 
I have just about everything in my apartment just waiting on the coffee table now to start getting everything for < PROPMALE > is all thats left ! So happy . 
Totally bored . Watching movies I've seen a million times . This sucks . 
I know you're reading this but you probably won't say anything i about to delete this < PROPFEMALE > because i have to start all the conversations on here . It's pitiful that most of you say you are my friends and yet it is one sided friendships where i have to fill the gap . 
Third trimester today . Almost there 12 weeks to go ! I can't wait to see his little face . 
Tonight just sucks . 
Hating apt living the apt above mine flooded cuz the apt above it was draining into the apt below causing it to flood and leak through the ceiling into mine . 
I used to eat a lot of natural foods until i learned most people die of natural causes . 
So answer this . Why do men want to marry virgins ? 
Totally unhealthy but pepsi chocolate and a cigarette mmm so good . 
