bored , my bro is on vacation in north carolina , so i got the whole house to myself , it would be a lot better if it wasnt so FREAKIN HOT ! 

the fact that i would last ten seconds against god but only 9 against < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is wierd 
Right now , poised at ? the edge of the galaxy , Bowser has been secretly building a toaster with the destructive capacity to annihilate an entire hotel . I alone have instructions that reveals this weapon's only spaghetti . And * you * , my friend , are respons 
stoked for august , cant wait for my vacation starting on the 8th , south < PROPFEMALE > here we come ! 
stoked for saturday , ROAD TRIP !!!!! 
if your an athiest and someone sneezes what do you say ? 
you know what i miss ? rugrats , when i was 2-9 that show was the shit , im watchin < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and they mentioned rugrats in paris , now i gotta find that vhs and watch it . i love that show . 
school is here and my iO box is fucked up , stays on channel 14 no matter what , when i hit up or down it doesnt change , when i hit info itsays advanced services arent available ...... DAMNIT !!!! 
i fixed my io box , by punching it reallly hard . 
gueess its time < PROPFEMALE > sleep . family guy , mighty boosh , and then sleep . 
someone needs to punch obama in the face , and i mean now , he cant be allowed to extend school . all he'll get is angry parents , students , and schools , so many protests . its RETARTED . freaking ridiculous 
wants to gets ODST , dont have any cash , needs to get a job . 
just saw zombieland , hilarious 
and now for ghostbusters 
spent yesterday watching a shitload of movies with friends , 9 , surrogates , gamer , and like 3 more i cant remeber , anyone see any new movies ? 
just finished watching paranorm < PROPMALE > activity , it had its scary moments , but < PROPMALE > l in < PROPMALE > wasnt that scary , i didnt like the ending 
Let's see how honest FB friends are .. Leave a ONE WORD comment that you think describes me . It can only be one word . No more . Then copy & paste this on your wall so that I may leave a word about you 
somethings getting in the way , somethings just about to brake , oh its the door cause im snowed in and if i push harder my door'll brake . 
somethings getting in the way , somethings just about to brake , oh its the door cause im snowed in . 
2 days until christmas , id say < PROPFEMALE > christmas in two days but im gonna be at parties so , < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !!!! and a happy new year , what do you think theyll call music from this era , The 0's , or the 2000's ? 
so , think im gonna buy netflix , cause im poor and there are too many movies out to buy them all . sigh ....... poorness sucks asssss . 
I swear my house is fucking haunted , I wanna fucking move 
if you dont have this game i suggest you download it , its cool , also for my friends that do have it , join my academy please , need those chips Send your Academy Link to Friends : http://apps.facebook.com/war_machine/?setTutor=1822530343 
got 2 labs i have to do , starting at 8:07 i have to finish them by 9:00 , after that i have to read a book i havent even started yet for a book report due in a week and 5 days , after THAT i have to do 3 math sheets for math , make up 2 english sheets , and 1 social studies essay , YAY for procrastination , im gonna sleep well tonight :( 
math sucks , if you get one question right , it means you got one wrong , if you get one wrong , you probably got another one wrong too >.> 
http://beta.astroempires.com/?ref=B.115016 
writing a 3 < PROPFEMALE > book report on a brief history of time , yay ......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 
comment on this if you dont wanna do < PROPFEMALE > fox 
F*ck the jets arent in the superbowl this year 
?? ?? ???????? 
I love rock and roll provesti Lotta vremena na jukebox baby 
bilo tko ovdje govori hrvatski ? < PROPFEMALE > postojati najmanje jednu osobu koja radi , bilo tko ? 
[ img] http://smiley.onegreatguy.net/ban-llama.gif[/img ] 
writing ten < PROPFEMALE > biographies , yay ........ tried to find some online to just print , but it's impossible . 
Skin against skin blood and bone You're all by yourself but you're not alone You wanted in and now you're here Driven by hate consumed by fear 
apparantly I have to get a haircut or i get grounded ..... more . 
the guy who discovered milk ..... what was he doing with that cow ? 
Me : should i keep the 10 dollars i found on the floor , or give it back to < PROPMALE > Tyrell : what would black jesus do ? Me : I dunno , your black , im not . Tyrell : oh yeah , i forgot . Me : well ? what should i do Tyrell : He said keep the money . 
i hate it when people move stuff in my room without asking , i have it like it is cause i know where to find it >.< now i cant find my amp cord my ipod or my wallet(hmm i wonder which selfish person in this house steals stuff , cant be my sister , definetly not my sister , she must've learned he lesson last 15 times she stole from me ) 
Hi < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > smetn < PROPFEMALE > iz pakla , vladar neba crne Zeus . fear mene ili ? u vas ubiti mrtav , ako ste mudri ? ete pokrenuti i ako ste glupi da ? e ostati , < PROPFEMALE > ? e te proždrijeti kao sijeno konj proždire , ts napustiti mjesto , oh ovom bijednom mjestu budalo , laughin i svoju cool stvar , nitko nije ovdje da vas spasim i sada , < PROPFEMALE > ? u ti oti ? i luk odbora zvijezda . 
has started his new workout plan , time to lose some weight . 
i havent watched a good zombie movie in a while 
just walked through his house to see my sister kissing another girl .... cool or not cool ? 
has $67 and is happy , for once i have money . cant wait to spend it lmao . 
where the hell is the DISLIKE button , i could use it ... >.< 
went to the Pink < PROPMALE > laser light show last night , it was fuckin awesome . 
had on classical music , my cat was puring just sitting there , rock , sitting there purring , put on rap and he speeds out of my room and meows at my brothers door to get in his room . ( i think my cats racist ) 
IF YOU ARE BRAVE .... Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 : Dumb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Tough . 17 : Cute . 18 : Boyfriend/Girlfriend Type . 19 : Player . 20 : The Best 
It's my Birthday In 5 days , i can't wait . 
gets xbox back in 14 days . its broken though so it doesnt matter 
just got his report card Honors Earth Science-80 Gym-99 Music-100 tech-80 social studies-97 english-75 health-90 Honors integrated algebra-53 Spanish-89 AVERAGE- 84.67 so close to honors lmao , so close 
it says i have 84 friends online on chat , the second i hit the chat button it goes down to 55 , i feel like alot of people just defriended me :( 
for my birthday , i can get a new xbox for 200 dollars , and for 75 dollars of that i can pay , or i can get left 4 dead 2 and grand theft auto 4 , but since i have a broken xbox i cant play them.so since my warrantee that was supposed to last three years apparantely expired 2 years and 5 months early , i cant get it fixed , in order to get a new one for my birthday , i have to pay for half of it . 
is goin to bed , tired , not only did i shovel my houses driveway , my dad then took me to my aunts house , where i shoveled their driveway , then when i got home my driveway had completely snowed over , so i had to shovel it again , and i have a feeling i'll do more shoveling tommorow 
went out and bought a new xbox 360 , i am getting left 4 dead 2 in the nest 1-3 days , i feel specialz :) and for once today in math i actually understood something , that felt good 
so many movies are coming out on my birthday , of course shutter island cant be one of them :( 
my cat smells like old socks 
goin to < PROPFIRST>'s place 
am i the only one that ms. didinato(i still cant spell her name ) ms. tadio and ms. butler all wanna have a conference with ? 
welcome my son , to the machine .... 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tS7YUnDV3n8 
Today was my last day in honors math , i actually might pass this year no (^- . -^) 
took his first math test in regular math today and passed :) my highest grade all year just happens to be after i leave honors , an 85 , best grade in math all year . 
for once , broke down , and let myself cry 
finnaly have power back , glad to be back from the hotel , school tommorow though >.> 
im getting a phone tommorow , yay 
apparantely im failing math even though it just said on my test my average is 83 
boarding the plane , ireland , here i come 
apparantely someone used my name to create a myspace ???????? 
ive been stuck inside my head too long , its time to get out and break them walls , i can almost hear them angels call , if gods on my side i wont fall . 
we leave you dead in ditches 
im gonna start the project saturday 
is already done with part 1 and part 2 and started 15 minutes ago , whyd you all say this project was so hard ?! 
so after three hours of trying to find out why my mic wouldnt work for my new mix on youtube , i realised , there was no green light , it was not turned on .... 
has finished his mix 
i got a 64 on the first castle learning thing .... FUCK 
are we supposed to do all three or just the first two caslte learning things ? 
stayed home to do the project , its 3:00 and i havent even tried to finish it yet 
Finished his project ! 
So my brother and dad get into a fight , and im the one who ends up getting grounded ..... seriously ..... 
Let's see who is paying attention .... Every single one of you are on my Friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family ! Let's see who in my Friends list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this in your status . I will be watching to see who really does it 
My time was amazing in volleyball , except the three girls on my team , who just sat there and didnt even try 
So me and my Phuc Nguyen were playing volleyball with a milk thing at lunch , and phuc keeps hitting it out and on the table behind me , and no one cares except for one kid , everyone else is fine with it , so after lunch the kid walks up to 
and talks to my back while im walking in the hallway , and goes stop throwing shit at us or ill deck you in the face , and i say , fucking idiot were playing volleyball , again he says , ima deck you in da face , so i go\you are not black \"" 
decided to see if this word thing is real . cant cant cant cant cant cant cant cant cant cant cant 
i got a haircut , looks stupid , and my computers broken so im at the library , supposed to be doing a project , but oh look , a < PROPMALE > for facebook XD 
first person to like this post gets a cookie on thursday/friday 
now that i failed all of the caslte learning tests i feel proud of myself 
Classes going to fail this quarter : science , health probably tech 
this castlelearning shit is bullshit XD 
finally passed a castle learning test , 76 , im a genuis :) 
got 15 questions right on a castle learning , in a row , im thinking oh im doing so great , i then get the next 10 wrong :( 
Is back , i have a computer so i can go back to having no life just in time for the summer to start 
the question for recovering my xbox account : favorite fictional character , my answer : Jesus lmao 
i have just invented SAG , the sarcastic asshole group , who wants to join , so far its me rj griffin < PROPMALE > terlato and < PROPMALE > romano . 
Einstein Tech N9ne 
first i get banned from xbox live for 15 days , then i make a new account , 8 days later i get banned on the new account , for one goddamn day XD am i really that bad ? 
I opened my hallway closet thinking it was my fridge , went to grab my water bottle that was in this \fridge\ " and almost downed a whole bottle of liquid advil before realizing what was happening " 
i just did one of the most badass things ever , i threw my hat into the air as i was walking kept walking and as i was walking it landed it landed on my head perfectly and i just keep walking 
My sister tries to blame me for stealing the families camera with all the pictures on it , cause it was found in my room , where i know SHE put it , so she says why does it have a bunch of pictures of you on it , so i go to the deleted files on the computer and recover them all and theyre all pictures of her and her friends , so now because she stole it i get her fucking ipod tv and dvd player , HAHA what a stupid biatch 
If i was to tell anyone my whole name , they would shit bricks 
was the packet worth any points on the final , because thats what someone told me and i threw it out ? so does anyone know ? 
wants to start a band , knows no one who can can rap besides himself really . 
Needs to get a camera 
Tried putting my fullname on , said it had too many words :( 
saw a lady walking on the sidewalk in a outfit < PROPFEMALE > de of boxes , asked her what she was doing , apparantly she was ja < PROPFEMALE > ican because when i asked her what she was doing she said\im lookin for < PROPFEMALE > turd son \"" 
you can lead a whore to water and you sure as hell can make it drink 
The One 
mfin sunburn 
my brother apparantely was in the room as i was making all sorts of laser and explosion noises lmao now i feel like a fucking idiot lmao XD 
just realized that because he flunked out of honors math so next year im taking living environment with all the kids who failed last year ... 
cant stand this fucking godforsaken house 
apsents \ 
sceince : 19\ 
gym : 8\ 
music : 10\ 
technology : 9\ 
intergrated algebra : 18\ 
social studies : 37 <-- no cuts there\ 
english : 19\ 
health : 10\ 
honors integrated algebra : 19\ 
spanish : 18 
i am such a genius , i had movies and cds that were overdue at the library , so i owed like $120 , so i waited until my card expired , which was yesterday , i returned them all , and since my card expired the fees were waived :) 
its so hard to create a youtube account now :( 
goddamnit i need to be an administrator 
My first youtube A7x song is up 
Twilights already ruined the badassness of vampires and werewolfs , next theyre gonna ruin is zombies ANGRY FACE 
went to a site to watch some movies online when the < PROPFEMALE > opened it immediately said this < PROPFEMALE > has been seized bu the us law bla bla bla after seeing that i almost shit myself and closed the < PROPFEMALE > 
facebook en espanol es moi bueno 
My name is Pink , I am a Yellow Squirrel 
gettin an ipod touch sometime next two weeks 
fireworks ... always ruin a good nap 
i wish i could be a bodyguard for metermaids or repomen so whenever someone fucks with them because they know that the repomen/metermaids cant hit first the fucking lawbreakers do , so i wish i could be a bodyguard i punch the fuck out of those assholes who talk shit . 
thermastat says my room is 120 degrees ..... woooohooooo 
Bull-fuckin-shit twilight is not the fucking #1 movie in the world , they say that about every movie 
its fun being the only white kid in a mexican family reunion 
1 month and a half till i get to live by myself 
thunders , i hears it 
tornado warning , oh no , might be some wind with that thunder 
if fucking power goes out when psych is on shits gonna get real 
El Legua Salem < PROPMALE > Ma , the first person to translate that correctly gets 10 bucks 
is going skydiving july 30th 
youtube needs to text a pin to me , i dont have a cell phone for it to text to , fml 
§ 
? white guy ? black guy ? gay guy 
selling \ 
ipod nano 3rd generation black 8b $50\ 
Xbox 360 Controller $25\ 
2 Xbox 360 Controllers $40\ 
Guitar Hero 3 Guitar+Game xbox 360 $40\ 
More Items To Come 
dont you love it when youre sitting there , just happily sitting watching tv , and then all of a sudden a giant douchebag flies out of your tv and tries to sell you a slap chop and his balls 
Amas pene grande 
has to be a comment to fit 
i sit back and relax\ 
cuz i know you so wack\ 
you cant do a motherfucking thing\ 
no matter what you mofos think\ 
i can rise above it\ 
you dont think nuthin of it\ 
but thats okay\ 
just take your lazy ass and hit the hay , \ 
fuck all you trash\ 
just sit back and relax \ 
i dont smoke weed\ 
i dont need to\ 
if i wanna succeed \ 
it just irks me to see\ 
all these fake ass mcs\ 
claiming to be me 
to know me\ 
to LOVE me\ 
well fuck that man\ 
snap your neck\ 
throw you in the back of my van\ 
drive down to a ditch\ 
this is what happens when you are such a bitch\ 
you shouldnt uv \ 
spoken up\ 
just shut the fuck up\ 
i just dont give a fuck\ 
no im not the savior\ 
i am not gonna okay that\ 
you just some thug\ 
who calls others fat\ 
or a fag , that gives me\ 
the power to fight it\ 
this is where im at\ 
time to end this rap 
spent the last hours downloading 600 songs .... ill only listen to 20 of them and i know it 
taking suggestions for mixes 
Like this and I'll describe you using the letters of your name . 
OMFG , I recorded over a whole song for a new version of the way i am , perfect freestyle , forgot to hit the fucking record button 
WOOT Hollywood undead is working on a new album , gonna be released in two months . 
is going in for surgery tommorow . 
in soviet russia question marks you 
people are selling extenze on ebay , fail 
Aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at an Elingsh uinervtisy , it deosn't mttaer in\ 
waht oredr the ltteers in a wrod are , the olny iprmoetnt tihng is taht \ 
the frist and lsat ltteer is at the rghit pclae . The rset can be a toatl\ 
mses and you can sitll raed it wouthit porbelm . Tihs is bcuseae we do \ 
not raed ervey lteter by it slef but the wrod as a wlohe . 
going to get my ipod touch right now 
dont kiss an ass that is in the process of shitting on you 
love the way you lie is so overplayed , 25 to life is so much better 
while sleeping i had a really amazing idea for a book , two actually , im gonnna try and write one of em now 
five chapters written for a book , this feels good . 
Omfg I hate my family 
in other words im a bas-turd 
city tommorow 
im not a patient but im madd illll 
< PROPMALE > rap is actually amazing 
your one hundred we so hunterish 
wow now i am pissed the dcs i bought at famous footwear for 75 bucks , they forgot to take the security tag off ....... 
Wow new law and order series called law and order Los < PROPFEMALE > . It's probably gunna suck 
the black eyed peas are releasing a new album in the next four monhts , called the beginning . 
God my mom needs a life >.> 
lil < PROPMALE > is so much better than eminem , and tech n9ne is so much better than little < PROPMALE > 
fuck im screwed , i just accidentily deleted all the pictures off of my familys camera 
getting told to shut the fuck up by strangers on facebook , its fun isnt it 
Im only gonna break break bre-bre-break your legs , im only gonna break break bre-bre-break your legs , god i need to make a parody of that song 
so on the way home my brother hit a guy with our dads car , the guy just got up and ran away , like literaly wtf i wouldve sued our asses , he just fucking walked away . 
how many times have you tried to get that ball in that cup ? OVER 9000 !!!!! 
apparantly there is a category 4 hurricane headed right for long island , with 135 mph wind , they say theres gonna be alot of damage , shit im grabbing my shit and leaving . 
like this and ill tell you five things i .... hate about you 
< PROPMALE > Snow fell asleep at 9:30 .... how does that happen , that just mindfucks the teenage existence . 
oh and i enjoy c1hqic3kwe3n 
PENIS like if you are straight 
i need a new band to be a fan of .. 
nothing makes you either lose more respect for a person when you hear them say theyre gonna wet their pants ....... nothing 
im almost done rebuilding my house with my dad .... WOOO i finnally get a phone after this 
* dials moms cell phone number*\ 
Me : mom\ 
Mom : yeah ? \ 
Me : theres a robber in the house\ 
Mom : WHAAAATTTT !!?? \ 
ME : no im playin how long do i heat up the salsa for\ 
* mom hangs up * 
just realised i was supposed to stay after today , cant wait to hear ms sullivans mouth when i have math tommorow , on a brighter note , oh wait , no , nothing good 
i need a new hobby :/ 
Watching iron man 2 with soph :D 
I need a camera to get new pics , so I can make them fruity like my profile picture 
so 20 seconds before the < PROPFEMALE > rings , i get the biggest nosebleed in human history , my new shirt and jeans are ruined , and people probably think i got in a fight , no , i didnt . 
library now 
Why do I have wifi kn the woods , there isn't a house or business fir < PROPMALE > 
if ms sullivan wasnt a teacher i would slap the shit out of her , litteraly until shit came out , shes such a bitch , i wish i could transer but i like all my other classes :( T-T 
me : no im fucking dead ass\ 
charlie : thats why it smells so bad in here ?? 
i love when people message me or comment on something and i didnt even know i had them as a friend on facebook , confusing shit 
Oh divorce divorce , why does it take so long 
Leavin for < PROPFEMALE > see ya :p 
About to get my samsung intercept 
It sure was nice of my brother to let me n my dad drive 9 hours to pick him up in < PROPFEMALE > and bring him back , then let my dad buy him a 200 dollar phone , and th 
Finnaly out of global 
In music , yay 
Really don't need to fight this year , but I might soon * sigh * 
Judt ghot tackled by my own tgeam in spasketball 
Lmao I thought some dude was trying to steal my dads rental car outside the car place so I punched him in the face , turns out he was just making sure the car 
Great now the dude I punched in the face is driving the car 
if only i could have lived in ireland back in the old days , that would have been something 
Party like tommorow is my funeral , gogtta stop mixing alchohol with pharmacuticals 
Kick ne while I'm down bitch ill break your leg 
whoo , they are making a men in black three , too bad it doesnt come out until 2012 
Yo yo yo yo yo yo , yo , yo 
Ms cipriano is sooooo stupid I was just on a 20 minute phonecall with sprint customer support 
I just got a phone call saying my dad had died in a horrible call accident , I then got a call saying it was the wrong number wtf 
So , just got a call , my sisters five months pregnant , I'm gonna be an uncle ! 
Mmmmmm free cheesecake is good 
New hollywood undead album coming out in august , its called swan jammz 
My mom was supposed to pick me up two hours ago . 
i hate when people ask you over and over again who youre on the phone with , just stfu and let me talk . 
well , cali is hotttttt 
so my brothers home , and just like last time , not here , at a friends house . 
eminem and rihanna are making a second love the way you lie 
if i was < PROPMALE > , i would buy you nothing , its all mine 
i probably shouldve made plans to go out tommorow , but i didnt , now im screwed and im gonna be lonely :/ 
Ugh I have noo friends :( 
it was a good halloween , my best so far i think 
wow i spelled timtom wrong i spelt it timiom and now i reached the maximum number of name changes , fuck 
Rollin on the < PROPFEMALE > 
WHY WONT MY EARS STOP RINGING 
In the hospital , ultrasound time 
Its a boy 
i love firefox lol , it asks me if i want to open a virus before it installs itself on my computer 
Life is a beach im just playing in the saaaaaand . 
Lols 10 minutes late to social studies , I'm such a hood * sarcasm * 
why arent hats aloud in school , im not part of a gang , if i was when a teacher asked me to take my hat off i would stab them , seriously wtf 
My sideburns were too long and kept going in my ears , so I cut them off . 
im gonna strangle the next person who invites me to play farmville 
just finished giving myself a hair cut , this way i dont have to wear my cookie monster hat to school and the teachers will finally be quiet , who needs to pay when they can give themselves a haircut . 
I want to get a dog :( 
Hello , is there anybody in there , just nod if you can hear me .... I hear you feeling ... down . 
Back in new york 
Lol whoops google history 
wish i had money for black ops :/ 
who wants to give me money ? 
Pluralellagrams are two congruent parallelagrams . 
getting black ops today , no one can stop me ! 
i bet its hard to take a rapper seriously when hes wearing a kool aid shirt and a cookie monster hat 
if youre reading this youre my friend on facebook . 
typed my whole english project on my phone , was finnaly about to send it to my computer so i could print it , and only did it shut off because it was dead , but i didnt save it .... 
Black ops , get on my level 
About to see skyline yay!I'm hungry T-T 
Its cold outside 
Like this and ill write something or nothing about you 
If you read this 
Yoyoyoyoyoyoyoyo .... I want pumpkin pie 
getting on the plane to ireland 
\get 3 tardies its an . Automatic afterschool dtention\ " my report card 21 math 17spanish 18socialstudies 9english 19 science 9 music . authority fail much ? " 
Anyone got a copy of halo reach i could borrow , huh , anyone , didnt think so 
OMFG AAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH ........ fucking leg cramps 
lol my ipods so fucking messed up eminem is listed in the Fs , if you didnt know , eminem starts with an E 
im such an asshole i could piss a happy meal off . 
OMFG i was banging on the bathroom door trying to piss of my brother and kicking it and then his friend came out terrified 
Eminems next album-I joke you not . its amazing 
finnaly got my phone to work , only took me , literally 11 hours since 7th period 
No way , seven detentions , fml 
Just had a fluent conversation in spanish with an asian guy , that's a new one for me 
hate the new facebook layout , does facebook like making people hate it more and more with each update 
finnaly think im not sick anymore , no school tommorow and hopefully a snow day on wday , great , nothin to do . 
so , just heard on the news that we might have school tommorow , because we get rain and snow , and rain cancels out snow . 
I wish my mom would just leave omfg 
So , hoping for no school tommorow 
next time it snows im buying a flamethrower , jobs alot easier that way 
im not a fan of people who like their own status ' , its obvious you like it , why else would you post it ? 
im a capricorn now ... WTF 
so i get a call , pick it up , and its a sales guy , and hes like , CONGRATULATIONS , youve just won a free ipod touch , and im like REALLY OMG AWESOME , and hes like , where would you like it delivered , so i say \Up Your Ass \"." 
they say good things come to those who wait , so ill be atleast an hour late 
So should I get a ps3 or a laptop ??? 
Science , only came cuz I thought midterms were today , FML 
have to do my entire english project tommorw ..... fuck it im just not doin it 
when i go in do i go to 1st period or what ? 
All i did was ask for eggs ...... why was i yelled at ? 
1 by 1 and 2 by 2 , i have ammo what about you ? 
You know you're losing weight when what used to be your skinny jeans are too big on you 
so raywilliamjohnsons new channel yourfavoritemartian is really dissapointing D: 
just made two likes , like them up 
this concludes day 1 of my new workout schedule\ 
Day 3 of no more junk food or soda , just water and juice\ 
Feels Good , not gonna puss out this time 
its better to be pissed off than pissed on\ 
words of wisdom from T.I 
Níl fhios ag aon duine cén teanga tá mé ag caint ? i amhras air . 
note to self , change out of skinny jeans next time i run 
day 3 was the hardest day yet\ 
pain everywhere\ 
i just wanna lay down and die 
leaving for school 
waiting to go home 
time for cardio/leg day 
alright its really time to get down to business 
seriously starting cardio now 
Some things are just too in depth to put into words for facebook 
you know your ipods fucked when your computer starts syncing it , and its not even plugged in 
Home , tired 
i bet everyone on facebook 100 dollars that the team with the most points will win tonight . 
my house is haunted T-T 
if i found a lamp and a < PROPFEMALE > popped out , i would wish that i was able to wish for more wishes as my first wish , then i would wish for more wishes 
You know , saggin your pants started in prison and it meant you were someones bitch already and everyone else should back off , so people saggin really are bitches 
How'd you like my foot up your ass ? \what'd you say ? I said I'm gonna start paying attention in your class " 
Done with biceps for the day movoing onto cardio 
When I was flossing all my bottom teeth started bleeding , bad omen ? 
got a 66 on the math midterm lmfao\ 
passed everything but math , but apparantly my teachers stopped caring that i was late and just started putting apsents ? 
so how many quarters do you need to fail to have to repeat a class ? 
love my dysfuntional family 
getting off for a bit , somewhat cool day , time for triceps day 
back day is over , thought it was triceps , but apparantely todays thursday , so it was back , im beat 
Can never catch a brake , treadmills broke fml 
i think i fixed the treadmill , hopefully itll run through and theyll be no problems and i can get back on track 
treadmills definitely fixed and back to running , yeah ! 
extra long break equals extra long runs 
i dont suffer from insanity , i enjoy every second of it . 
Today i told my sister that\ 
when it rains\ 
some where in this world\ 
theres a girl crying\ 
yesterday , it rained i found my sister\ 
running towards the door wearing a raincoat\ 
i asked her \ what are you doing ? \ " \ 
skipped my workout over most of the vacation , ate cake and pudding and ribs and fucking like 1500 calorie burgers cause it was everyones birthday in my family , STILL managed to lose 4.5 pounds , i feel like my brother right now 
Wish my internet was working no Xbox or YouTube T-T 
No school for me . In hospital 
Maybe school tommorow , hopefully no more hospital . get 2 work out again 
Basketbatball ? I'm not black enough 
man who make mistake in elevator , make mistake on many level 
wale ? psh wale and cardio 
basketball tommorow . apparantly im black enough 
why do they give us homework on weekends .... 
Its cold , I'm home though yay ! 
hollywood undead on lopez tonight , i dont think i could be happier right now 
I didn't know plastic wrap had a blade on it , I've never seen so much blood 
the new hollywood undead album sucks ass except for the songs that they released as singles . 
