tried digiorno pizza . no good . 

what kind of a dutch girl are you ? 
ate that pizza like a ravenous puppy . 
went to a show and saw oktober skyline ? did we travel back in time ? 
sometimes hates living at home . 
forgot she was afraid of heights . the rickety carnival ferris wheel reminded her . 
whooooa . 
can't handle this right now . 
wants to relive the weekend . 
is so tired she feels like she's floating . 
is alive , thanks to her trusty reflexes ! 
likes coming home to a glass of wine and a chat with her sister . 
doesn't like being indecisive . 
peaches peaches peaches . 
:) 
fiiiinally got a new phone ! 
show me the fever into the fire taking it higher and higher . 
river floatin ' . 
climbed a mountain today ! 
really wants to watch Brink ! 
robo boogie . 
Trix are for adults , too ! 
it's a clusterfuck of colors , of course I like it . 
It's a unitard . Guys wear them to work out nowadays . Play sports . They wipe sweat from your body . 
broke a chair today . oops . 
\weird . he hangs out with chubbies . \"" 
is easily distracted . 
had a dream about a cat with grass for fur . 
submit to the SCOP ! this semester's deadline is Oct 21st ! 
dear semester , please slow down . 
should not have taken media ethics . 
likes even < PROPFIRST > . 
dear < PROPMALE>'s students , if you want to see an issue of the SCOP this semester you better submit some < PROPMALE > by WEDNESDAY . seriously , we barely got anything so far . thank youuuu ! 
temper tempered temperature . 
what a beautiful face I have found in this place that is circling all round the sun . 
all the dishes rattle in the cupboards when the elephants arrive . 
it's just as easy to type the word \dislike\ " so stop complaining about getting a button . " 
aka Jennacide . 
thought mass comm people were supposed to be open-minded . 
then my limbs are free like trees , let leaves leave , leave , leave . 
really wants apple cider . 
uhhhhhhh whatthehell ? body massaaaage . 
all work and no play . 
made a calendar out of post-its on her door to keep her thoughts in order . not kidding . 
my dad is participating in no shave november . 
you are my serenade you are my lemonade . 
< PROPFEMALE > cane < PROPFEMALE > . 
shredded lettuce is gross . 
and the muscular cyborg < PROPMALE > dudes dance with sexy french-canadians . 
accidentally swallowed a coughdrop today . it actually kind of helped .. 
DONE WITH SENIOR SEM . 
can't focussss . 
everything is more interesting than what I actually have to do . 
ow . 
I don't want you to go , I'll eat you up , I love you so . 
saw a quadruple rainbow in her dream last night . 
sweetheart . sick body part . sickheart . sweet body part . 
loathes freecreditreport.com commercials . 
I'm hip to your hypotenuse your geometric ways . 
is going to be a neon colored rainbow when she grows up . 
nerdster . 
just bought so much at salvation army . good day . 
hey teeth , why you gotta be so sensitive ? 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xGGy6qz5hXg 
ELECTROLYTES . 
dreamers never live , only dream of it . 
hey , guy behind me . use some headphones or stop listening to your youtube lessons in a computer lab . you're a < PROPMALE > bit rude . 
I can't be honest with even myself . 
will be celebrating oktoberfest in march . 
it's okay , this rig can take it , the engine's got a snorkel . 
is playing summery music to coax the sun out . 
when I smile , it cuts bloody deep . 
summer dresses . 
is determined to make some freckles . 
sporting his initials today . JK . 
can't find her owls . 
hopes her ribs will stay intact . 
back to red . 
eye callous . 
WHO THE EFF WOULD STEAL SPCA DONATIONS ?! I HATE YOU WHOEVER YOU ARE . 
shapes shapes shapes . and colors too . 
I'll be your winter coat buttoned and zipped straight to the throat . 
chapstick . 
needs a new stomach . 
nerrrvooouuuussss . baltimore tomorrow . 
string cheese and lifetime . 
I hiccup . 
scop's done ! look for it around campus ! 
just finished college ..? 
runs into door frames more than any human being should . 
never underestimate the daylight . 
is gonna pour ketchup all over your family . 
I love when nutella happens . 
is crazy amounts of nervous . 
lost my cap a few times on the way ( that would happen to me ) , but I successfully graduated ! see ya < PROPMALE>'s college . 
is going to florida ! be back in a week . 
loves animals . 
if you don't use your turn signal , you're an asshole . 
I'll feed you fruit that don't exist . I'll leave graffiti where you've never been kissed . 
needs more hikes and less diners . 
they're so masculine , they don't even like women ! 
well I'd like to think I'm the mess you'd wear with pride . 
not only do I like the endpiece on a loaf of bread , I sometimes prefer it . 
going to an iron pigs game with mom . hahahhaahahahahhahahhaah sports . 
what is life without laughter ? 
dear garlic and onions , stop appearing in every food ever and get away from me . 
beach , brb . 
it's pretty much impossible for me to watch a movie by myself . I don't have a long enough attention span . 
is that your bathing suit ? is that your overbite ? 
gotta get it get it got it good I got it get it gotta gotta get it get it got it good I got it get it gotta gotta get it get it got it good I got it get it gotta gotta get it get it got it good I got it get it gotta . 
beans and pierogies . 
falls in slow motion . 
and I cannot sleep without the radio on . 
positive . 
me : we're going to have a sleepover . \ 
mom : you mean you're going to have a drinkover ? 
saw a man get arrested at knoebels yesterday . hahaha . 
I felt free to do what I want because of the things you told me . 
let's bury ourselves and go haunt someone tonight . 
that perfect mixture of old lady and little girl . 
me : is that < PROPFIRST > mayer ? \ 
monica : yeah I can hear his lady lips from here . 
just ran into a doorway , causing myself to spill juice on myself . normal day . 
wasted with the rhythm , angry at the < PROPFEMALE > . how did you stay so sweet ? 
I like the way you squeeze my hand . pulling me into another dream , a lucid dream . 
ate my meals backwards today . ice cream . pizza . breakfast . 
would like for her insides to stop hurting sometime soon . 
dance and scream and love . 
\we're not sure what's wrong with you 
real eyes realize real lies . 
if I die clutching your photograph don't call me boring , it's just cause I like you . 
had a dream last night that she got < PROPMALE > rolled . 
let's talk and we'll fill the air with imagery that lasts forever . 
just found one of her old research papers entitled \Bloodletting in the Medieval Era\ " . totally normal . " 
pro of being a chronic gum-chewer : my garbage always smells like mint . 
and we're slow to acknowledge the knots in our laces . 
isn't ready for colder weather . mostly because she isn't ready to start wearing pants again . 
because we are all , we are all just lovers\ 
born of earth and light like all these others . 
seriously , peaches are so good . 
okay , so you're gonna pass me in a no passing zone ? that's fine . I'll just leave my high beams on . 
please speak up , I can't hear with these clouds in my ears . 
you look like a unicorn .. in a negligee . 
seeing someone put chapstick on is the same as seeing someone yawn . 
I don't like that google is trying to guess what I'm searching for before I even hit enter . caaalm dooown and let me type it thanks . 
old book smell . <3 
needs more cardigans STAT . 
earth laughs in flowers . 
apple cider . 
the bun , like a sesame freckled breast of an angel , resting gently on the ketchup and mustard below , flavors mingling in a seductive pas de deux . 
I'll be the phonograph that plays your favorite albums back as you're lying there , drifting off to sleep . 
I've had more apple dumplings this year than I've had in my entire life . not complaining . 
I'm sorry but using sexual innuendos to bring about breast cancer awareness is a bunch of bullshit . 
today , I didn't get carded to buy alcohol . however , I did get carded to rent a rated R movie . 
I hate when a word has an asterisk by it , but there’s nothing at the bottom of the < PROPFEMALE > to correspond with the asterisk . 
well , hot and heavy , pumpkin pie , \ 
chocolate < PROPFEMALE > , jesus christ . 
swiffer commercials are horrible . 
I had four waking-up dreams in a row this morning . and it still took an hour after that for me to actually be able to wake up . 
though I find silliness in losing my voice when I'm sick , I am only annoyed by the nasally sound of my voice thereafter . 
I swear the floss jumps out of the garbage can . 
found 81 cents today . 
turkey salad > chicken salad > tuna salad . 
eats pizza backwards . 
coffee , cheese danish , deer jerky , apple cider , halupki . 
oh that's just a bear I hear ripping down tree branches outside , no biggie . 
hates professor umbridge . 
dear monster , stop telling me to work for UPS . I don't want to \get paid for a great workout ! \ " those boxes would crush me . " 
bones bones brittle little bones . 
strict diet of cookies and cheese . 
just wants a butterbeer recipe that doesn't include cream soda . is that too much to ask ? 
be thankful every day , not just on thanksgiving . 
I live in the only house on the street that still has snow in the yard . 
so .. who wants to fix my computer ..? 
I just saw the biggest shooting/falling < PROPFEMALE > I have ever and probably will ever see in my entire life holy crap ! and nobody else saw it . 
grammyo's applesauce . 
' tis the season to wear multiple pairs of socks at one time because my body has poor circulation . 
a customer asked me out on a date while I was at work yesterday . awkwarrrrd . 
is allergic to the christmas tree . 
hot tea . hottie . 
knee socks . all day , every day . 
toasty toes . tostitos . 
MAC&CHEESE . 
\grammy can we have some special tea ? specialty ? \"" 
strawberry banana . 
strongjaw . 
and then maybe later we'll get hot by the refrigerator , in the kitchen next to the pantry , you think that might be what you fancy ? 
\you're gonna get a speeding ticket soon\ " -my mom on me playing scrabble . (?)" 
I'm sorry I called you a gap-toothed bitch . It's not your fault you're so gap-toothed . 
cutting out projects for a portfolio .. using safety scissors . 
why doesn't my status show up by my name on the top of my < PROPFEMALE > anymore ? do not like . 
I'm pretty sure there's a cloud that hangs out over my house , making it snow more here than anywhere else in the lehigh valley . 
diners should offer potato bread . 
roonil wazlib . 
hot chocolate and cinnamon toast . 
my mom just suggested that I should sign up to play dead victims in shows like law and order and csi . 
are you dead or are you sleeping ? \ 
god I sure hope you are dead . 
I hate using the vacuum cleaner solely because of how loud it is . same goes for the blender ... and bags of chips . 
mom's newest job suggestion : bikini model . not even kidding . 
almonds , cashews , pecans , walnuts > peanuts . 
I will not play at tug o ' war . \ 
I'd rather play at hug o ' war . 
accidentally bought organic fruit snacks today . they're ... strange . 
just the scent on a summer day in a blanket melee . 
I <3 thrift stores . 
exquisitely fancy lenswoman . 
fondue ? fonyesplease . 
I'm as quiet as a mouse and I blend in like a chameleon . I always slip by unnoticed . ( according to my dad ) 
I will always be the sun and < PROPFEMALE > to you . 
mosquitos . musky toes . 
um HELLO first day of SPRING . 
lives in the bermuda triangle . 
I am gonna make it through this year if it kills me . 
a jugular vein in a juggler’s girl . 
animal whisperer . 
I love grass . I hate that I'm allergic to it . 
nimbus 2000 . 
hey , people who put cones in your driveway when the road is closed ahead . you give me no other option than to turn around in your grass . hope you like my tire marks . <3 
1 . google is the coolest ever today . 2 . fish is meat . 
we will never be alone in this world\ 
no matter what they say\ 
we're gonna be okay . 
I almost got stuck in that monsoon today . my car was a boat for a few seconds , not exaggerating . 
gettin ' domestic . 
