has job(s) ! 

is freaking out because her step-dad is in a Mexican hospital ... 
really needs her Celexa . Badly . Now . Gimme . 
is tired and doesn't want to be here . SAVE ME ! 
wishes she had a good book , a blanket , a boy-o , and a heater in a cabin back in Alaska to curl up with on this rainy day ... 
is curious to know if she has H1N1 ... must investigate further ... FOR SCIENCE ! 
is transforming into pure nostalgia as she listens to C.W. McCall ... I love my childhood . 
is feeling lazy and a < PROPMALE > pissed off but is trying to calm herself with \girl genius \"..." 
is feeling like dressing up in some buckles and goggles and slapping on her nerdy glasses . If only she had the spark . 
has 7 hours and counting before she gets to see the Red-Haired Wonder that is < PROPFIRST > Burnett ! ( Seriously , if you don't know who she is -- look her up ! She's amazing ! ) 
is pretty sure she caught a chill last night walking home from the bus stop after seeing < PROPFIRST > Burnett . Totally worth it ? Maybe . 
just read through the first \chapter\ " of her NaNoWriMo story from two years ago . Damn I'm good . " 
does not want OChem test today ! DOES NOT WANT ! 
wishes she had something to cuddle with . It's not looking to be a happy night ... 
recieved 2 of 4 packages today and is having way too much fun looking over a japanese exchange student's shoulder as he surfs the japanaweb . I should finish stuff now . 
scored a 89% on her Organic Chem exam and could have done better if not for some stupid mistakes ! * shakes fist * The gauntlet is thrown OChem ! I accept your challenge ! 
loves Prof . Greer to death , but seriously the man needs to learn to upload things faster ! 
has nothing to do today . Somebody should come give her something to do ! In the meantime , I'm off to watch < PROPFIRST > . 
feels sleepy without feeling sleepy ... I think it's a comination of the G33K B33R ( a rootbeer energy drink ) and the < PROPFEMALE > corn ... 
is beginning to think that living off campus is making it that much easier for life to go over her head ... 
is really wishing yet again that she could have attended her sister's wedding ... 
is in no mood to put up with your lies or any of your manipulative shit . 
is going to barracade herself in her room for the rest of the night studying her brains out . Hope the pie ( OChem exam ) is frickin ' WORTH IT ! 
just reached 5,207 words . She's ahead of NaNoWriMo schedule ! 
is tired of everyone making her cry . 
They will not force us . They will stop degrading us . They will not control us . We will be victorius . 
currently has a B+ in Organic Chemistry and intends to raise it up by the end of the semester ! Rawr ! 
is sick and tired of being the straight-ally doormat ! Yes , I understand - I'm a woman who likes men , therefore I \can't understand what you're going through . \ " Doesn't mean you get to treat me like shit ! " 
still can't feel her toes or fingers , but is happy she spent four hours today fighting for equality ! 
is feeling yucky-icky-bleh and doesn't want to be here ... yet here she sits . 
sold her integrity for a dollar . Thursday night had better be frickin ' worth it ! 
loves her boyo more than she could possibly say ... and it's not just because she got an early Christmas present ... 
is still feeling a bit shakey and unnerved after her OChem exam ... 
Less than 2 days ' til the sun ... ANYONE WANT TO GIVE ME A RIDE TO THE AIRPORT ?! YAH YA DO ! 
feels like death warmed over and her stuffy nose isn't helping with the whole \wanting to sleep\ " thing ... " 
still doesn't feel well at all and instead of writing a microessay like she thought she had to , she now has to pound out a 2 < PROPFEMALE > essay on a religion . Hinduism , here I come ! 
< PROPMALE > Final film down , two papers for Cancer Bio to go and then maybe some sleep . Might even fit some dinner in between then and now ... Good luck wishes welcome . 
is going to finish this darn journal today if it kills her ! GRAWR ! P.S. I hate you Serenity ! You and your Malware ! 
is ready for whatever that final has to throw at me tomorrow ... Also KSUA rocks ! They are playing \Be Prepared\ " from the Lion < PROPMALE > in < PROPMALE > right now ! XD I knew there was a reason that I still loved Fairbanks ! " 
is done forever with Cancer Biology ... I think I shall miss it . 
did not recieve the alert about the drunken-knife-wielding-cupcake theif . Apparently her life doesn't mean much . 
has so much dead skin !... and an Ethnography to write ! 
wishes she could have sleep ... but no , she gets to study for her OChem final ! 5:31 pm will be a very good time today ... 
has finished her finals and now has to suffer the thought of dragging a suitcase plus two laptops to the bus stop ... Seriously , is anybody with a car left in the FoGro on Friday ? 
is now coming in on Flight 191 at around 8:10 pm . She also officially hates < PROPFEMALE > Airlines now for making her sit on a full airplane for over 8 hours total . 
Heading back up to Fairbanks on Tuesday and I demand the following when I get up there : friends , family , Festivus , good Thai food , and Chena Hotsprings . You have been warned . 
is looking forward to a Fabulous Festivus ! 
is so excited her books aren't going to cost that much ! 
Let it never be said that I don't try , I don't fight for what I believe in or what I want , that I don't laugh and that I don't love ... 
is t-minus 1 day frrom leaving her lovely state ... * sad face * 
misses Alaska already ... a small part of it might be because there's nothing to eat in the house that's not a condiment or an oily instant noodle dish ... it's mainly family , friends , and boy-o though ... 
First day of school was a success ... hopefully the trend can continue into tomorrow , next week , next month , etc . 
What the heck Facebook ?! Just when I get you figured out , you change AGAIN . Tricky b*tch . 
Gosh darn it \Philadelphia\ " ... I had managed to go the whole week without crying . " 
3 characters and couting . < PROPMALE > really needs to stop stealing people from Supernatural . I've already seen a brain cancer patient , Satan , and < PROPFIRST > Hain . Who's next , the Reaper ? 
signed up for Pacific Idol . Public humiliation , here I come ! 
feels icky and is living for Friday afternoon at this point . 
attended first college party last night . Girls falling over themselves and guys trying to catch them in convienient places . Not really my scene . 
didn't get anything for < PROPFIRST>'s Day ... 
Hoooo my god guys , what song should I do tomorrow for Pacific Idol auditions ? At this point I'm seriously considering doing Javert's death song from the < PROPMALE > Mis musical ! Talk me down guys ! Give me suggestions ! 
is angry . Grr ! 
is quite peeved since people are being frustrating and stubborn about Spring Break volunteering . GET ORGANIZED PEOPLE ! 
has had a hard day's night and was really looking forward to talking at her boy-o tonight . Alas , no dice . 
has too much to deal with and not enough time or money to do it all . I really wish life had a pause button . 
hates being a woman . Ladies and some men should know why . 
has one more test to go today . Pray to the OChem Gods as well as those who look kindly upon Immunology for this lowly mortal is gonna need all the help she can get ! 
only has a critical book review left to do and then she's pretty sure she'll be through with midterms . She hopes . 
Dear PolySci Paper , I know we spent all that time together last night and I really like you ... but I think you'll be happier with my professor . 
People are giving me headaches today and now Facebook seems to be joining in on the fun . All I need now is for there to be whining and moaning on the way to/back from Berlin Inn and my day will be a complete failure . 
wants her Spring Break too ... V_V 
is crossing her fingers for future plans and awesome times ! 
almost died last night in Industrial Portland because of a sadistic bus driver and now can't seem to focus on homework ... I think it's the stress of the ordeal ... 
is really not feeling up for Tuesday right now ... but Spring Break is on the horizon and that is giving me momentary hope . 
2nd night in a row with no boy-o ... he'd better not be dead in a ditch somewhere ... 
thinks that there are times when people shouldn't take her status updates so seriously . Anyone else want to give me crap about my last one ? 
has almost all her homework done and then she can get to packing ! San < PROPFIRST > here I come !... again ! Now she must dash and jam out to \Start Wearing Purple\ " by Gogol Bordello ! " 
has sent out some e-mails , let's see if there are any bites for summer research at UAF ! 
is calling Shenanigans on < PROPFIRST > Evans . He can't be in Push , be the Human Torch , AND be < PROPMALE > Rogers . Doesn't work . 
is quite angry with the library computers . Way to spoil my morning homework plans guys ... 
swears her taste in anime makes her a glutton for punishment . They all end in blood , death , and cliffhangers ! 
Happy Easter to all ! Whether you celebrate the fertility goddess or the Risen Lord , hope you have a day full of sugar buzzes and good times ! 
just finished watching TRON and is now not sure how she feels about a sequel ... though apparently the video games made a nice segway to it . So I either need to play some video games before December or forget how happy-go-lucky the first movie ended . 
food , homework , sleep . Rinse and repeat until Friday at 2 pm . Might work in a shower in there somewhere too , but no promises . 
Hollywood is running out of ideas HARD CORE ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_VMzQ7R-QM vs . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=neCY4hh1wJg 
11 hours ' til Organic Chemistry and my brain doesn't want to absorb ! D: Damn all that trivia that I stuffed in there over the years ! 
just discovered by being curious about someone's profile that there are Sisters of Perpetual Indulgence in Alaska . This makes me far happier than it should . 
Eating dinner didn't help my Deutsch schreiben skills any ... just gave me a stomach ache ' cause I think that soup was bad . :P Darn this whole poor college student biz ! Half < PROPFEMALE > of Ceija Stojka to go and then some PolySci reading before bed . 
HAS A SUMMER RESEARCH POSITION IN FAIRBANKS AND JUNEAU ! BOOYAH ! 
is lookin ' for fun and feelin ' groovy ... 
I retract my groovy statement . I just want to crawl into bed and hide until summer . 
is participating in Day of Silence , so please don't try to call her before 5 pm Oregon time . ^^ ; <3 
is conflicted . I'm really excited about seeing < PROPFEMALE > and everybody tonight but my last experience with TriMet was nothing if not horrible ... 
had an awesome time at < PROPFEMALE>'s last night and hopes to do it again soon ! Maybe with more people from her generation next time ...? XD 
needs to get on the ball for Drag Dance !... but first , an Immunology Exam . Eeep ! 
has discovered that listening to Muse's \The Resistance\ " album greatly increases the effect of reading about the Battle of Seattle ... " 
is not in the mood to \RESPECT YOUR AUTHORITAY\ " today ... " 
is gearing up for Drag Show tomorrow night at 8pm ! < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Dyke will be there in full < PROPFEMALE > ! 
had an awesome time at Drag Show ! She's also pretty sure she creeped out < PROPFIRST > . Sorry dude , you were just a sexy , sexy cheerleader ... 
stress ... stress ... stress ... stress ... stress ... STRESS ! 
< PROPMALE > test over ... now papers and more tests and FINALS to look forward to ! At least I get Wednesday relatively off . GOOD LUCK SENIOR BUDDIES ! 
is getting even more excited about the summer , but it looks like she's going to have to get over a hurdle from the past that is becoming a pain the patooty ! 
Has been a b*tch to so many people today . Sorry to those who have had to endure my pissy-ness . I promise it'll be gone by next week ... ^^ ; 
feels like a creeper ' cause she found her Acting teacher's music on MySpace ... after about 20 minutes of searching ... ^^ ; 
I want to be back up in Alaska , for it to be summer and finals to be over , and to be in bed with the option of being awoken by the sun coming in through my window rather than my harsh alarm . If friends , family , job , and boyo could work their way into the scenario I would also be happy . 
Going to the Choreographer's Showcase reminds me yet again how much I wish I cpuldve done something up til now that warrented flowers . Self esteem down 5 points . :( 
is thinking that this summer is going to be AWESOME !... If only I can get through all these papers , exams , presentations , and FINALS . XD 
Curse you IRONMAN 2 ! Why must your free midnight showing be the night before an Exam at 9:15 AM that I must do good on ?! Cuuuuurse yoooooou ! 
is turning off here phone and logging off of the internet . These Organic Chemistry Lab Reports are happening NOW ! 
Lab reports are done ! Now all she needs to do is fill in some conclusions in her lab notebook and then sweet unconciousness for a few hours ( hopefully ) ... 
Organic Chemistry Lab final = DONE ! But there's still so much Chemistry to do ! 
just finished an awesome episode of Supernatural ! Now back to a few more hours of studying and SLEEP ! :) 
wants to frolic , to gyrate , to dance ! 
lacks motivation and really wants to hear from some people back home . And now , back to forcing myself to write this gorramn Immunology paper ! 
loves and misses her mother and is so sorry that she couldn't be with her on this special day ! <3 
My job is posted ! Yay ! Now I can apply for it and get it and then everything will be butterflies and rainbows ! 
has severe tummy rumblings and a splitting headache . Bets on how this is going to turn out ... 
has a song stuck in her head that she wants to know the name of . I know it has a guy sitting at a keyboard singing something along the lines of \Ba-da-da-da-doo-da-da-doo BUM BUM ! \ " and then he breaks into a cresendo and then it repeats and that's the song ! There are no lyrics so I can't look it up and it's driving me insane ! \ 
keeps getting reminded that there are no happy endings ... and this just makes me want to cry all the more . 
Reading Day ! Then finals on Saturday morning and Tuesday afternoon back to back from noon to 9:30 ! Awesome end to the semester , eh ? 
is officially feeling the not-good-stomach-feeling of finals . Today = memorizing everything from Immunology , EVER , and correcting a < PROPMALE > essay that I thought I did good on , but apparently not . Let's do this . Rawr . 
done with immunology ! 2 down , 3 to go ! Keep the prayers and good vibes coming people ! 
Drunken parties at her house does not a happy < PROPFIRST > make . Perhaps she should reconsider her 21st ... 
This paper is losing critical amounts of motivation . Quick , someone fetch me some motivation , stat ! 
Three finals tomorrow and then I'm DONE ! Totally blasting \School's Out\ " by < PROPFEMALE > Cooper as I run out of the building at 9:30 PM . Should be excellent . " 
has never felt this sick to her stomach over finals . This bode well for anyone ? 
Being done with Organic Chemistry is kind of bitter sweet . I got to use my model < PROPFEMALE > one last time . I actually feel tears welling up behind my eyes . Probably because I am so close to being home free I can taste it !... ( It tastes like freedom and fish by the way . ) 
Welcome to Packing Frenzy 2010 ! This years computition looks tough , it's the seasoned packing veteran verses a room that has been left to ruin because of finals studying ! Who will win ?! 
So close to going home ! Can't wait ! :) 
Watching the historical inaccuracy that is \Inglourious Bastards\ " at 8 in the morning . My final memories of this house will be focused around < PROPMALE > Pitt killin ' Nazis ! " 
Things I have witnessed so far at the Portland Airport : Neckbeard + Bluetooth = incredible jerk , apparently wearing arabic language on your shirt still puts you under incredible suspicion , and a woman leaving a message on the phone of her fiance saying it's over before going over and making out with the man she is supposedly leaving him for ... Interesting day . \ 
ARRIVING IN FAIRBANKS TONIGHT ON FLIGHT 127 AT 11:45 PM ! 
can hardly believe she's home in her own bed . I've missed you Alaska ! Let's have some awesome times this summer ! 
hadn't realized before that Thor is being played by < PROPMALE>'s dead daddy in the latest < PROPFEMALE > Trek ... should be interesting come next May . 
is going to be doing busy work for most of the summer and is LOVING IT ! 
doesn't really feel that different now that she's 21 , but knows she is loved ! Thanks everybody ! 
X-Rated Vacation + Phonecall from God + Raspberry Kamikaze = tipsy , successful 21st ! Thanks again for the birthday wishes everyone ! Hugs and loves to all ! 
At < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s for < PROPFEMALE>'s 21st , listening to the worst two-man cover of \I'm so lonesome I could cry\ " ever . I now know why drunk people are prone to throw bottles at musicians . " 
It's Memorial Day and I <3 my Brother-in-Law . Das Ende . 
First day of work up at UAF ! 
apparently gets to supervise high school boys , one of whom is my boss's grandson . Should be entertaining . Oh yeah , I'm living for the weekend . 
is trying to slow down , ' cause she moves to fast , and will attempt to make tomorrow morning last . 
wants to frolic in the rain ! 
really wants to soak at Chena Hotsprings , but that seems ridiculous in this weather . How can sitting in a rolly-chair all day make me this sore ? 
feels like writing tonight ... someone give me a prompt ! 
is trying to think of anything that I have that looks 80's enough to wear tomorrow ... 
pities herself ' cause she was foolish enough to go to the midnight showing of \The A-Team\ " . P.S. Easter egg totally isn't worth it if you never watch the original series . " 
DD-ing at a party with people who have given me reason to never want to see them drunk again ... Could get interesting . 
Heck yes Tonies ! 
Another day of itchy throat , runny nose , nauseous blues ... but work calls ! 
found out today that she works for a 70-something , male Gleek ... is unsure what to think of this ... 
is thinking about buying some spray paint for an old friend . 
RIP < PROPMALE > 
has the sudden urge to obtain cute clothes ... 
Solstice weekend ! It officially begins after work ! 
Happy Father's Day and Solstice for those up in Alaska ! Of course it would be raining today ! 
is pissed off at stuff that is beyond her control . 
feels the need to < PROPFEMALE > out with friends she has neglected to < PROPFEMALE > out with/people who have made themselves unavailable . They know who they are , tricky little devils . 
is learning to stop worrying and love the bomb . Kthnx < PROPMALE > Kubrick . 
Girl with the Dragon Tattoo : Good movie , but approach with EXTREME caution ! Not for the kiddies ! 
has finally found something dainty about herself . She has dainty toenails . 
feels her PolySci brain kicking in after hearing about the G-20 Summit via the Daily Show . Thank you Prof . Boykoff , wherever you are . 
is feeling more nausious now than she has in a long time . Gorram Loomer getting me sick ! D:< 
has officially made her way through half of Dr. L's fungi collection . Only 220 boxes to go . 
had a very iiinteresting time at the < PROPFIRST > last night . Drunk GIs , seeing people I haven't seen for awhile , and a dude trying to follow me to my car . All in all I give it a 3 .... out of 5 . 
feels like she's just taken a life step : Chip n ' < PROPFIRST > to Chippendales . I am so totally going to be humming that theme when the guys come out . XD 
is asking for prayers for her step-dad who is in the hospital after a heart attack . 
< PROPFIRST > is improving greatly ! He's awake , looking at people and trying to talk past the ventilator . ^^ ;\ 
Thank you so much for tge prayers and please keep them coming ! 
A ) < PROPFIRST > keeps getting better and better ! Soon he shall send to Anchorage to get his ticker upgraded to Pacemaker Edition . \ 
B ) I am going to be in town on the 23rd -- come to Everclear with me ! :D 
B ) I am going to be in town on the 23rd . Come to Everclear with me ! :D 
Heat does not my mood improve ... 
has some new , awesome books , her Grandma B . For another day , and hopefully her step-dad for years to come . 
Power outages and people sticking me with needles ... Must be Monday . 
needs to stop watching the Daily Show . It keeps making her way too angry at the stupidity of < PROPFEMALE > . 
hates it when things go this way . 
feeling like crap , but is still going to try to go to go see < PROPFIRST > Dawkins tonight . 
Epic Dawkins Fail . 
Sometimes I forget just how good some of my friends are . Luckily they come around every now and again to remind me . <3 
WHY IS RED GREEN COMING UP IN NOVEMBER ?! * epic sad face * 
repost from < PROPMALE > McGregor ' cause this is just too damn cool . \ 
\ 
http://www.comicsalliance.com/2010/07/22/super-heroes-vs-the-westboro-baptist-church/ 
has discovered Dance Music on Pandora at work . This will end interesting . 
Not really sure how to feel about this past weekend ... 
is both excited about and dreading August ... 
spent some time this afternoon at work investigating on the interwebs . Conclusion : I am thankful for every day I get with the people in my life and somewhere on Facebook there is a person who doesn't know the difference between Lemongrass and the Senator's Saloon at the Pump House . 
Well , I got something pierced . Now I want to do something crazy with my hair ! Suggestions ? 
Goal for this weekend : achieve an awesome profile pic . 
I gave blood , my arm is now bruised/throbbing , and I feel faint . Not bad for a Monday . Not bad at all . 
is actually starting to get excited about going back down to Pacific , but the feeling is being battled by how much I'll miss people here . 
is in Juneau ... Remind me again why this is the State Capital ? 
Could once again not sleep so she decided to spend some time with her favorite serial killer . Now she's afraid to fall asleep ' cause she'll dream about him killing her with delicious key lime pie ... 
Next Thursday : fair , < PROPFEMALE > , and top it off with < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim at midnight . Anyone want to tag along ? 
Every time < PROPFEMALE > Palin opens her mouth , a polar bear cub dies . 
just found out the Triceritops is actually the juvenille form of another dinosaur and therefore doesn't exist . Somewhere < PROPFIRST > is staring at his morpher and wondering why it doesn't work . 
Small-town Alaska ! Palin family ! Yes , you ! Stop trying to get on Reality TV . You're embarrasing yourself . 
It's official . < PROPMALE > Stevens is dead . 
I'm coming home Fairbanks ! I'll see you soon ! 
Anyone else feel like heading to a midnight showing of < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs . the World ? 
Oh Friday the 13th ... it explains so much ... Also , < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim was awesome , but some source material needed . 
Hornet stings x 3 does not a happy < PROPFIRST > make . 
Four stings in less than four days ? Bring it on Fairbanks bees ! You've called out the thunder , now get ready for the boom ! D:< 
Last day of work ... mighty fine feeling ! 
3 days left in this lovely state of mine ! So much to do , so little time ! 
Less than 9 hours before my filrst class . I'm thinking I'm golnna use sleep and hope for super effectiveness ... 
Big Girls , we are beautiful . 
Second day of classes done : check . Now I must choose between walking in the rain and squeezing in an episode of Battlestar before I finish unpacking . Decisions , decisions . 
It's women like < PROPFEMALE > Lawless who make me teeter between a 1 and a 2 on the Kinsey scale . 
The executive producer of Supernatural is going to direct the film version of \Spring Awakening\ " whaaaaa ? " 
Dear stage combat class , i love you but my bosy doesn't . Love , < PROPFIRST > 
Dear Stage Combat Class , \ 
I love you but my body hates you . \ 
Love , < PROPFIRST > 
hates being required to write poetry . It's so much easier to let the words flow on their own . 
Heading to McMins tonight ! Who wants to come with ? 
Does anybody have a Netflix account I can use/ want to watch a potentially kick ass version of < PROPFIRST > Hood starring < PROPMALE > Flynn with me ? 
is exhausted and in love . Both are good feelings , but for different reasons ... 
hates it when she has to cry , especially in front of people . But sometimes it feels so much better afterwards ... 
\Untitled in Alaska\ " has its premiere for the semester tonight at 8 o'clock Pacific Time ( 7 o'clock Alaska time ) on boxermusic.fm! Listen in and check it out ! " 
I need an awesome DJ name for my senior year ! Help ? 
feels like her cells are rebelling against her body . 
has a hankering to go to the Rally to Restore Sanity in October . If only she didn't have school ... 
Supernatural premieres tonight ! Words cannot express my excitement ! 
Pacific Students ! Go see Lunchbox Theater today at 12:10 in < PROPMALE > Rm 5 ! It's an amazing show with amazing people ! 
needs a good warrior name for her new beta fish ... Thomas < PROPFEMALE > just doesn't have a good ring to it . 
Untitled in Alaska is beginning at 8 PM Pacific Time ! Tune in to boxermusic.fm for awhile and check it out . Tonight's theme is \SCIENCE ! \"" 
is trying really hard to see tge bright side of this weekend . She is failing . 
really wants Thai food but doesn't want to have to go by herself . :( 
Well , I got all my \jealous bitch\ " tendencies out of the way last night . Sorry to everyone who had to be around/part of that . Feeling better and looking forward to awesome days as soon as this week is over . " 
8 hours ' til the Microbiology Midterm showdown ... 
really needs to find some cute clothes ... Top Model is turning me into a fashionista . :( 
Sciences Midterm Week ends at 12:35 pm tomorrow . It cannot come soon enough . 
< PROPFIRST > bit the dust too today . I'm beginning to doubt my ability to keep things alive . V_V 
Thanks to everyone who came out to the vigil tonight . It was touching to see that many people with compassion . 
is doing some last minute studying for my Micro Lab Exam and jamming to the Japanese \My Neighbor Totoro\ " soundtrack . Life is going dandy . " 
Be nice to me . I gave blood today ! 
Apparently Operation Save BoxerMusic has begun . \ 
Let's do this . 
just wants to curl up into a ball and forget the world exists . 
Happy National Coming Out Day to all of my LGBTQ friends ! You're awesome and if you don't know it by now , you should ! <3 
Gah ! The power of choice . Do I join running crew for the play this fall and potentially not get to Zenaween until past midnight , as well as sacrifice my evenings for the next week ? Or do I chicken out and salvage my weekends and sanity ? 
I don't care what I sound like right now : Glee is doing < PROPMALE > Horror in two weeks and I am EXCITED . 
is seriously contemplating finding a nice tree to live in and churning out some poetry , couple of novels ... maybe a manifesto ... 
I can feel my brain melting ... I wish 1:39 AM would leave me alone ... it's becoming my new 8:08 ... gonna go through my notecards one more time and then slip into unconsciousness ... 
Friday night plan ? Curl up with a serial killer and some monster-hunting brothers . This is my life . 
This is the weekend of the Halloween costume ! I have the mask but need the rest ! :( 
FML 
Always ! I wanna be with you and make believe with you ! 
To do today :\ 
-Get all homework and labs up-to-date and done\ 
-Go audition for films\ 
-Not die\ 
All right , let's do this thing ! 
Today remember those who have died and help the ones who are the future . 
is previewing Machinal and it's so darn awesome-trippy-Spring-Awakening-esque cool ! Go see it this weekend ! 
Just saw Paranormal Activity 2 . All-nighter due to paranoia anyone ? 
5 o'clock today will be better . At least no demons got me in my 2 hours of sleep ... 
< PROPMALE > Gaiman adapted the lyrics to the songs for < PROPFEMALE > Mononoke from the original Japanese ... I knew there was a reason I liked them so much . You know , other than the fact that Miyazaki is second to Godliness ... 
Didn't get a call back for films . Epic sad face ... 
Why hello thunder ! I've missed you ! 
EVERYONE IS INVITED TO A FABULOUS NIGHT OF DRAG TONIGHT ! DARCELLE XV AND COMPANY COME TO PACIFIC UNIVERSITY ! 8 PM IN THE MPR ( under the UC) ! IT'S FREE AND ALWAYS AN AWESOME EXPERIENCE ! 
Darcelle XV ... awesome as always . AND NOW on to MORE STUDYING FOR MICRO ! 
You win this round Micro ... but be warned . The next time we meet ... * dramatic squint * I'll be packin ' notecards . 
Red-headed Starbuck on CSI ! 
Set list prepared for tomorrow's show . Should be awesome ! 
I feel the need to party after my radio show ... anyone want to help me out with that ? 
Found out she is not slutty enough for college parties . Also some houses give beer to 16 year olds . They know who they are . 
Happy Halloween !!!! 
can't wait for next Halloween . Got some rad ideas for couples costumes . :D 
At this moment , I cannot wait for December 19th . I know where I'll be and who I'll be with . 48 days . 
' s motivation is missing . Has anyone seen it ? 
Dear CNN , \ 
Show me ALASKA ! I don't care about the ones that have been called for the past 2 hours . \ 
AM I A TEA PARTY STATE ?! \ 
Thanks , \ 
< PROPFIRST > 
Feels emotionally on the level of shit right now ... 
just can't seem to elevate her mood today ... but she's trying . 
The woes of today will be appeased by an afternoon nap , burning a Guy and a visit to my favorite bartender , ( well , second favorite . I <3 you mom ! ) 
I hereby dub today Microlab Day ! Beware unknowns , you're gettin ' figured out today .... 
Seriously , how many people are going to play < PROPMALE > Banner before < PROPFEMALE > is through ? \ 
m.imdb.com/title/tt0848228/ 
Hmm ... what to do for Thanksgiving ... 
Still trying to figure out Thanksgiving ... but did a lot of homework and exercise this weekend , so she's feeling pretty good ! :D 
Gosh durn emotional outbreaks effecting ( affecting ? ) my sleep schedule ! \ 
Thanks for talking me through it boy-o ... though at some point , one or the other of us should have told the other to shut up and get some sleep . 
Misses Alaska today ... 
Can it just be Friday already ? Seriously ? 
Long day with many longer days and weeks ahead . * cracks knuckles * Let's do this . I just have to last until December 19th ... 
is starving at a swim meet ... back and forth , forth and back ... 
Dear Mask of the Phantasm , \ 
Thanks for the reminder of how dark and awesome Batman the Animated Series was ... \ 
Love , \ 
My weekend : study for Vert Zoo , work on senior capstone background , filming . Maybe sleep . Hopefully eat . 
Unknowns have been decided ! Now all that's left is\ 
-finish micro notebook ( ongoing)\ 
-study for Vert Zoo lab exam ( Thursday)\ 
-work on Independent Project ( ongoing)\ 
-Senior Capstone Background ( due Friday ) 
My stomach feels like it's trying to digest itself ... This does not bode well for the rest of the day . THERE IS STILL SO MUCH TO DO ! 
So much caffeine ... We're making our way into the final laps of Day 1 of \The Week of HELL\ " ... Stay tuned . ( And don't expect any of my posts to make sense . ) " 
I just want to sleep , but I can't! DAMN YOU STRESS ! 
Today's list :\ 
- Get < PROPMALE > Potter costume for Thursday\ 
- spend a few hours in the Vert Zoo lab looking over species examples\ 
- get at least 4 pages done on my thesis background\ 
- not die . \ 
LET'S GET TO IT ! 
There is no sleep , ONLY STUDYING ! 
Dear Bio Students , \ 
Stop all the negativity ! We are the Little Trains that CAN ! \ 
<3 , \ 
< PROPMALE > Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1 is totally worth seeing ! I'm also glad that I got there super early , at one point feel asleep on the sidewalk like a homeless person , froze my butt off , but at least got the seats that I wanted for this awesome movie . Now then , stop reading my status and GO SEE THE MOVIE ! 
So close . Oh , and I'm almost done with thesis background . Can't wait until December ! 
formatted her entire background paper wrong because her advisor is a slacker . F her life . 
Dear Friends , \ 
Yes , I do believe I was hacked . Sorry that someone posted all that shit on your walls . We'll see if my changes took care of anything ... This makes me really , REALLY pissed . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > 
Had awesome friend day today . It almost made her forget that her facebook was hacked and she's lost the respect of her tech friends . 
I missed the snow ! :( 
Damn this lack of cuddling ! And hot chocolate ! And snow ! And unicorns ! BUT MOSTLY CUDDLING ! \ 
Oh well , back to the outline and resources ... 
Class then sleep then class and class then MORE SLEEP ! Burning the candle at both ends is exhausting . \ 
Also , three days until I can listen to Christmas music without anyone giving me the stink eye ! 
Thank you to all my friends up in Alaska who were not silly enough to brave the roads today ! Looks like it was insane up there . 
My first-ever snow day . What an odd feeling ... 
My first status post was going to be that my favorite lesbians just dropped off some Christmas cheer , and they're AWESOME ! \ 
But now it's that < PROPFEMALE > Dunbar , < PROPFEMALE > Lindabury , and < PROPFEMALE > Creeden just tried to get me t0 g0 with them to Washington for Thanksgiving ! I feel really loved right now and I'm sorry I couldn't go guys ! I just have too much homework to < PROPFEMALE > out in a place with no internet . HAPPY THANKSGIVING WEEKEND ! 
Happy Thanksgiving ! \ 
Here I sit with my Turkey TV Dinner and Apple-Pom Cider , wishing I was with family and friends , but thankful that they are in my life and knowing that they love me . Best wishes to all ! 
just got back from Belated Turkey Day and then playing Kinex with < PROPFEMALE > , friend to < PROPFEMALE > . Twas a good night indeed ! 
has a sneaking suspicion ... 
At this point , I feel that I would rather be bitten by the Fer-de-Lance than have to research them any more . Stupid scientists and their publishing of data in multiple journals ! 
Finishing up the Powerpoint today and then BAM ! The taste of sweet , sweet Sunday freedom for ... probably an hour or two before bed time . 
Hey Motivation , I know this is usually your day off , but I'm gonna have to ask you to come in for a few hours . Kthnx . 
Vert Zoo slides are done which means I can sleep ! Unfortunately , I imbibed enough caffeine to keep me up at least until midnight . My mind and body are rebelling ! 
Gosh darn it mailroom ! Give me my Christmas stuff ! D:< 
And now to figure out what my poetry writing process is in 1-2 pages ... I think I'll shower first . 
Holiday Shopping has BEGUN ! 
There was more than one lobster present at the birth of Jesus ? 
thinks she might be going more crazy than previously thought ... but she has some Christmas stuff and that helps ! 
< PROPFIRST > Hugon , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > Pramuk , < PROPFEMALE > Giess\ 
At 11:45 , we are going to ROCK THIS ! \ 
GO TEAM REPTILE ! 
I mustn't faint ! I mustn't faint ! I mustn't faint ! ( a'la Shinji in Neon < PROPFEMALE > Evangelion)\ 
One presentation down , ONE MORE TO GO ! 
Anyone want to have dinner with me ? After two presentations and turning over my ankle , I am in no mood to make something . :( 
Jamming out to the WV Midsummer Night's Dream soundtrack and feeling so much better ! Still crazy , but better . 
People know how I feel about Marines . But this is for Summer Steenberg \ 
\At\ 
No good deed goes unpunished . 
Looking at Christmas cards while \I'll be home for Christmas\ " was playing almost made me break down in the middle of Safeway . And so it begins ... " 
Homework focus at level 5 . Required level to complete Homework ? More than that . 
Time to crack some metaphorical homework sculls ! 
working on homework and wishing she could be cuddled up with a blanket and a boyo back up in Fairbanks , listening to Christmas music or watching \Muppet Christmas Carol\ " ... I'll just spray some Glade Evergreen and convince myself it at least smells like Christmas . " 
Paper is done ! It is sent in ! It is no more ! It is an ex-assignment ! \ 
Now I just have to survive this week and a day and it's smooth sailing and likely some cabin fever . ^^ ; 
So , according to internet and friends , I should be seeing TRON : Legacy at a midnight showing or something . Is anyone still going to be in the FoGro on December 16th who feels like joining me on this < PROPFEMALE > little adventure ? 
My Christmas Spirit is being dampened by the impending threat of finals . 
was so done with this week before it even started . My concentration is tapped and I can't read my professor's handwriting ! DX 
Somebody call me Monday at 11:05 in the morning to see if I'm still alive . In the meantime , later Facebook . 
Finished the final that I was really worried about this morning . Now to just deal with the one that I'm concerned about on Monday . But first , a little down time with some online Twin Peaks and wrapping Christmas presents for Saturday . 
Got some Christmas cheer today from my wonderful and awesome sister AND a project for after finals ! Operation glue-the-mugs-back-together ! XD\ 
Love you < PROPFEMALE > ! <3 
Things to do today : get food , have party , study my butt off for Monday . \ 
Let's get to it ! 
I HAVE A SONG ! IT'S CALLED \Lauren Caught My Eye\ " ! I HAVE THE BEST SISTER EVER FOR HUNTING IT DOWN FOR ME ! <3 <3 <3 " 
Today has been a day of ups and downs emotionally and physically . I'm not really sure how to feel about any of it . 
Things accomplished today : \ 
- got out of bed\ 
- participated in an awkward/hilarious photo shoot\ 
- studied for Vert Zoo tomorrow ( still in progress ) \ 
Productive ? I have no idea . 
And now bed for maybe five hours followed by MORE STUDYING and then the actual test . Luck wishes are always welcome . \ 
To my fellow Vert Zoo sufferers : THE END IS IN SIGHT ! \ 
Good Night . 
is D-O-N-E ! STICK A FORK IN ME , I'M THROUGH ! :D 
Anyone want to go for Chinese lunch ? 
So , my iPhone is currently the equivalent of an iTouch ' cause AT&T can't seem to get their act together . MOM ! Respond ASAP ! 
Final thought of the night :\ 
You never realize how much you use your phone until you don't have it . 
Finals are over , phone's working again and I'm headed into Portland . Let the adventure BEGIN ! 
White Christmas and ramen . Not the way I thought I'd be spending my evening , but I'll take it . 
Finals are over , I'm on break , I shouldn't be crying . 
Feeling a bit better this morning and ready to start cleaning my room/apartment ! Anyone left on campus who wants to do lunch should TEXT ME ! 
Cleaned room , past room inspection , and spieled away on her violin for a good two hours . I think that's a good start to the day . \ 
GOOD LUCK TO UAF FRIENDS ON FINALS ! 
I wish I could see my Fairbanks friends today . They've been working their way into my dreams as of late ... 
is bored and hungry . Any one want to help her fix either of these problems ? 
Sleep is ever the elusive mayfly ... 
I think I am a sick Lauren ... UNACCEPTABLE ! 
I am absolutely positively REFUSING to give in to whatever crud was given to me ! Two Hot Toddys and a shower and now I'm going to bed under lots of covers ! RAWR ! 
6 hours ' til < PROPMALE > ! And I'm STILL SICK ! It's time to break out the DayQuil ! 
has her boyo cuddled up beside her and the sound of rain falling softly outside . Tranquility acquired . 
has less than a week to get herself and her boyo well again . Challenge accepted . 
It's only one more sleep ' til Christmas ! 
is hanging with < PROPFEMALE > and her boyo this Christmas and hoping that everyone else is having a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas as well ! 
Can anyone be an awesome person and take care of my fish while I'm away ? :( They only need food every other day . 
On the < PROPMALE > to the Airport . On to the next leg of the adventure ! 
just finished seeing Daft Punk the Movie . 
Back in Fairbanks in 2 hours ! What to do first ... 
WANTS TO DO SOMETHING !! 
A friend who makes you cry more than laugh is not a friend worth having around . However , emotional investments are hard to get rid of . 
My mind and body are in conflict . \ 
Mind : Get up ! Go do something ! \ 
Body : But this blanket is so cozy ! 
I wish I had some more adventure in my Fairbanks life . 
feels slightly more alive today . 
It's Friday ! Why are there no parties ? 
Cheech anc Chong : cream of the some-of-the-creepiest-people-I've-ever-seen crop ... 
When is ths Festivus thing occuring ? I only have 11 days left ! :( 
Theme of the week : Study all day , Party all night ! 
Chocolate gives me headaches . FML 
Dear Men , \ 
Please stop letting your wives/girlfriends take away your balls . \ 
Thanks . 
Sitting in the anchorage airport , drinking Malibu and Pineapple , cursing my genetics . Damn wisdom teeth being so close to my sinuses ! 
Back in the FoGro and looking for something to distract me this evening ! Any takers ? 
What the Hell America ? \ 
www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1350721/Girl-9-father-shot-dead-anti-immigrant-vigilantes-begged-life.html 
Officially beginning Weight Watchers in two hours . Goal : loose 30 lbs AT LEAST . Let's see how my will power does when the first chocolate holiday of the year looms closer ... 
I'm in a custom ringtone mood ! What song do you want to represent YOU on my phone ? 
I guess I should get down to this whole homework thing ... gotta be a responsible senior . 
Things I need to do to become the most kick arse medical lab tech I can be ? Get certified in phlebotomy .... Dammit . 
Can the world just stop judging and leave me alone for five minutes today ? 
I had a dream last night that I got back up to Fairbanks and there was no one there that I knew . Right before I woke up I was sitting in CCH crying . Judging by the dampness on my pillow , the tears were real . 
Does anyone have a tape measure I can borrow for taking body measurements ? Possibly for long-term borrow ? 
Bed . 
Note to self ... don't try to be a master chef with whole wheat fettuccine ... it will only end in tears (' cause there's onions too ) . 
Hoping that things will just get better . Also , Spring Break plans should form themselves . Finding good ticket prices is driving me up the wall . 
Graduation paraphernalia acquired . Start countdown ! 
A word of advice : if you're ever going to play a DOMINATRIX on stage , learn how to walk in heels . That is all . 
Anybody who remembers how to use the statistical graphing software ! Descend upon the Pacific Library and HELP ME ! :( 
Hah ! Take /that/ Figures ! Now STAY DOWN . 
It's Hug a Tall Person today . Where are my hugs ? :( 
Can we just skip < PROPFIRST>'s Day this year ? It's too depressing . 
Anybody want to do dinner tonight ? Text me ! 
HAUSAUFGABEEEEEEEEENNNN ...... 
Facebook is trying to bring me down with smootchy pictures and lovey-dovey announcements . STFUFB ! 
Single people ! Anyone for dinner tonight ? 
Dear this week's episode of Castle , \ 
Subtle < PROPMALE > Fillion reference . Reeeeal subtle . 
The < PROPFEMALE > is so close to full it's making my skin crawl . 
The week that has stolen so much sleep from my brain is almost over . Then I can choose for myself not to sleep ! :D 
Gearing up to head out to Portland for a night of drinking -- Irish style . No I will not be having a Guiness . 
Well , my head doesn't feel like it's going to explode ... I'm just tired as heck . 
Is feeling quite down right now ... If anyone can think of a way to cheer me up , please call . 
Okay , let's get this done ! 
My mind should not be allowed to roam free . It keeps coming back and tracking all this regret all over . Why did she do that ? Does he really hate me or is he that oblivious ? Bleh . 
Goals :\ 
- Loose the weight\ 
- Learn to rollerskate on the 4-wheel style skates\ 
- Survive the semester\ 
- Be awesome ! 
Let's see ... where do I want to work in Fairbanks/Anchorage ? 
Where we got snow ? Here we got snow ! :D 
Someday soon , I want to wear a pretty dress , some ridiculous heels , and dance the night away . Anyone wanna help me get a hold of the dress and heels ? 
Alles kann besser werden\ 
Alles soll besser werden\ 
Alles wird besser werden 
Dear people who arrange school dances , \ 
If you're going to put on an event dependent on your flashy , colored lights , make sure it's located in an area where you can turn off if not dim the regular lights . \ 
- The Student Body 
Tomorrow at 9 pm I will be a far more relaxed person than I am right now . 
Had a really bad day . Wants an awesome dinner tonight . What to have ? 
Two midterms /and/ McMins food that is trying to gnaw its way out of my stomach ? Sleep will be a pleasant thing tonight . 
My birth control is now acting as my count-down to graduation . Less than three months to go ... 
Anyone going to Winco anytime soon ? 
Yay ! Now I have two Weight Watchers buddies ! 
Freaking out has officially commenced ! 
Almost halfway through Friday and no nervous break-down yet . C'mon , let this trend continue ! :D 
Looking forward to better times - they are a'comin'! 
Dear Silly Male Friends , \ 
You are very silly and are losing cool points daily with your silly , silly behavior . Please start thinking with the organ that is your brain . \ 
Thanks much . 
Just wants to be left alone for a week so she can finish her thesis and never have to look upon it again . \ 
I guess that could be the over-arching theme of Spring Break with a side of Sailor < PROPFEMALE > and alcohol . 
Step 1 : Give blood\ 
Step 2 : Drink Mountain Dew\ 
Step 3 : Pull all-nighter to finish Capstone . \ 
Gonna be a good night . 
And < PROPMALE > ( of paperwork ) to go before I sleep ... 
All-nighter . Decidedly uncool . But the Capstone is TURNED IN . 
Anyone want to accompany this tired shell to Cornerstone ? 
< PROPFEMALE > 
Sittin ' at McMins sipping Baileys at < PROPMALE>'s bar . You know you wanna join . ;) 
Friday night plans cut short . Now it's me and a bottle of plum wine . What to do ? 
Spring Break Day 1\ 
Now : cleaning room and Girl with the Dragon Tattoo\ 
Later : Shanghai Tunnel 
First day of spring and there's a < PROPFEMALE > nibbling on my glasses . Oh yes , it's gonna be a good day . XD 
I said , \In these shoes ...? I don't think so ... \"" 
There is a negative correlation between the weight I'm losing and how comfortable I feel around random guys . 
Dear Women , \ 
Unless you have webbed feet and feathers , stop making the duck face ! \ 
Kthnx . 
I'm feeling all interior design-y lately . I want to decorate a weird themed bathroom and get a crazy-huge bed . It's kind of creeping me out . :/ 
Woke up to my boyo saying he loves me . Even if it was across a telephone line , still feels pretty good as the start of a day . 
The wonderfully-starting-morning has devolved into the sucky-day-of-sucky-SUCK ! Even awesome sushi didn't help . I can't wait to be back up in AK . D:< 
Is officially putting out the feelers for jobs this summer ! 
Who wants to come see these guys with me on Saturday ? \ 
www.pacificu.edu/events/performing-arts-series/2010-2011/cantus.cfm 
emmycic.livejournal.com/699239.html 
Before I turn 25 , I want to go back to Disneyworld . Who's with me ? 
All I want to do right now is write . And not write homework . I had a sudden burst of creativity last night and all I want to do is finish my NaNoWriMo story from last year . So yeah , school , get outta my way . [/senioritis ] 
It's only when I get to the big party that I realize how uncomfortable I am around the people . 
I have the points for pizza for dinner . Anyone wanna come with ? 
At the Cantus concert and yes , they will be singing \They Call the Wind Maria . \ " Still haven't forgiven Splendid Audacity for snubbing that song . " 
Apathy has officially taken over . 
I miss high school lunch time : the milkshakes , the tents , the comic book nerd talk . Maybe it's just because I'm winding down my education , but I really miss the times when we were all together and at least still acting civil to each other . 
The Day Without Shoes is proving that I do not have Hobbit feet . Ouch . 
Whelp , I just called my uncle my grandpa . I think the stress of Capstone , exams , and life have officially started their assault on my brain . Sorry Uncle < PROPMALE > ! 
Just might maybe have a job this summer . Excitement ? YES . 
I wish I could understand . I wish I could know all the things that I said wrong to all the people whom I've lost contact with over the years and make it better . All I can do right now is say \I'm sorry\ " and try to make up for it in the future . " 
The sun is shining and I'm feeling good ... almost enough to make me forget the impending doom that is April . 
Things that are awesome :\ 
- sunshine ( not like me , I know)\ 
- having lunch with Q \ 
Things that are not awesome :\ 
- my hip extenders hate my guts today\ 
- Capstone is due in less than a week 
Due to circumstances beyond my control , I have almost officially applied to Graduate School up at UAF for the Spring Semester . 
Screw this , I'm over your drama . I'm going to the library ! 
Capstone due at the end of the week , ramping up the workout and trying to avoid the drama . Alright , let's do this ! 
The GRE website is messing with me and it is not appreciated . If I have to pay $150 to take this , you should at least have a website that functions properly ! D:< 
Turned-over ankle + lack of energy = SO much stuff to do today ! 
Officially touching down in Fairbanks on the evening of May 25th ! 
I'm feeling sick , my silly university is watering the lawn when it's been raining on and off all day , and Capstone is due in a little over two days . But you know what ? I get to see < PROPFEMALE > Black tonight . And that helps . 
< PROPFEMALE > Black was a bust ( B&N Cronies said if you didn't buy the book , then they wouldn't let her sign it ) , but Portland adventure was had . Now onto chugging orange juice in an attempt to < PROPMALE > off the crud my room mate gave me , work on Capstone , memorize terms , and read seminar papers ! Oh yeah , it's gonna be a good night ... 
I miss breathing through my nose . \ 
And that's the last you'll hear from me until Capstone is done . SEE YOU TOMORROW ! 
Who's done with Capstone final draft ? OH ! That would be me . All that I have to do is have a final run through of it in the library tomorrow morning and then it will be < PROPFIRST > Schnorr's problem ! \ 
( toot toot ) <- my very own horn 
Bye-bye thesis ! 
I am caught between the need for sleep and the < PROPFEMALE > for a good time . Oh choices ... 
I have no voice this morning . What should I do ? Go back to the Gender Conference ? No ! But it's what I have to do . :P 
Anybody want to take fun photos of me for my graduation announcements ? :D 
I do wish my body would make up its mind on this whole \sickness\ " topic . It's throwing off my groove ... " 
Voice still sounds like I've been going at my vocal chords with a cheese grater , but after today I will be one step closer to graduation ! :D 
Listening to the Midsummer Night's Dream soundtrack reminds me of all the things I would rather be doing right now other than working on this poster . 
DRAG SHOW TONIGHT @ 8 IN THE MPR ! 
Things to do tonight :\ 
- Rock Drag Show\ 
- Get Capstone poster done\ 
- Work on Biochem\ 
- Sleep before 3 AM 
I'm beginning to wonder who my friends are . I'm tired of feeling like I'm disposable . 
I do so love waking up in the morning feeling sicker than ever ... :P 
Waitin ' for Noam Chomsky ... 
I want to sleep for 100 years . 
I'm feeling sick as a dog , but all I want to do is talk to my friends from back home . 
Health Center today at 2:30 . Let's see if we can solve the mystery of the Bio < PROPMALE > Plague ! 
Waiting at the Student Health Center . I want meat for dinner , but throat hurts whenever I swallow . :/ 
According to the Health Center , the Bio < PROPMALE > bug is the flu . It's supposed to last an average of 4-6 weeks . And what's next week ? Senior Projects . Fan-frickin'-tastic . 
\Take Me Home ( Country Roads)\ " has been playing through my head all night . Being sick also makes me homesick . :( " 
Happy Easter ! 
Happy Easter to all ! I need to control my < PROPFEMALE > intake today , because if my weight loss trend continues , by next week 10% of my former self will be gone . :D 
This cough is just getting rediculous . Jeeze body , get with the program ! 
In one month I'll be homeward bound . 
I'm feeling productive tonight . After a weekend of sickness , I kind of like it . It's similar to that weird feeling you get during the summer when you have nothing to do and you find yourself thinking \I'd ... like to draw some chemical structures ... \"" 
Senior Project = 3pm on 3rd Floor Strain . \ 
Too many people want a piece of me , too many invites , not enough time and we seriously need to start implementing a portal system between < PROPMALE > Grove and Portland so I can get there and back again faster ! 
Farewell Senior Project . I will never lose sleep over you again ! 
Kind of expected to feel different after senior projects . But it's just one stress replaced with another ... 
Where did all my motivation go ? :( 
New awkward experience to chaulk up : getting to the bar early . 
It's getting to that magical time in the semester when people start talking about missing people who are gone for a few days and I want to grab them and yell \CRY ME A RIVER . \"" 
It's hard to be a social animal in this town . 
Farewell 21 lbs of former self . 
Can't wait to have lazy afternoons again ... 
