i had lots of fun in IL last weekend ... eventhough it was like 115 degrees ... i got to see route 66 !!!! 

I think i am the only one who can say that i have had a sister drop a clip in a Cappi Bara's habitat in the zoo . Yup , the one and only Selah ! 
i will never put frozen pizza's in the oven for kids when i am baby sitting . 1st thing that happened about a year ago , it ended up on the floor . this time , i have a large burn on my arm that most likely will never go away ... 
heading to kentucky with seven sisters in the car . i pretty much just listened to my ipod the whole time to avoid the noise ... 
it is sooooo stinkin ' hot here ... i have headaches every minute ... dirt everywhere ... bees in the cabin ... what else ? havin ' a good time though so i don't care . 
had to say good bye to everyone today ... it was so depressing ... i hate saying good byes . 
could have sleep all day ... i was so tired from camping ... i am still 1/2 asleep 
just now found all these scratches on my feet from rocks ... i wonder why ... 
leaving camp was soooo sad . But i cant wait till next year ! 
Cant wait until the weekend !! yeah ! 
Today i am going to relax and get all of my energy back ! 
Watched One Night With the < PROPMALE > last night ... Love that movie 
made 2 duck tape roses on pens ! they are gorgeous ! 
my legs are sooo tired from walking up and down the stairs ! 
i am bored ... have nothing to do ... do not want to read my books for english ... oh dear , what to do ... 
When i was making eggs today , instead of cracking the egg into the bowl , i cracked it and then opened it up so it dropped in the sink ... brilliant right ? 
have a sore throat , and i am sooooo tired ... maybe it is because i was in a pool with screaming girls all day ! Mind you , i was not the one screaming ... i was the one who got affected by it ... headache ! 
have world's worst headache 
??????... :( 
When i get older , i will be stronger . They'll call me freedom , just like a wavin ' flag . so wave your flag . 
????????????? 
feel like sleeping until 12 tomarrow ... ya , in my dreams ... 
started school today ... yuck ! 
saw 2 creepy kids at the pool yesturday ... 
cant decide whether i should be excited or sad about starting biology ... 
For those of you who start school tomarrow ... Good luck , and have fun ! 
icecream in the car , listening to tobymac . Amazing how none of it ended up on the seats ... 
think i lost my voice today ... 
\Behind me 
loves when it is pouring rain outside and i get to be out in it with my BFF . 
started a really intense puzzle tonight .... reminded me of winter ... i thought of Christmas ... got cold .... put it away .... not ready for winter yet .... 
Packers ... Vikings .... Come on Packers ! crush them ! 
I believe in Jesus Christ . One facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall ..... In the Bible it says , if you deny me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my Father , at The Gates of Heaven . This is a simple test . If you love God and you are ... not ... afraid to show it , repost this . 
the smell of pumpkin bread fills the entire house ... the holidays are on thier way ! 
i am exhusted .... i want to sleep .... 
My tongue is randomly bleedin ' ..... strange .... 
~ ~ .. sinking in homework .. ~ ~ 
horrible sore throat ... i cant talk or anything . it hurts to swallow .... dang it ! i hate it ! 
i dont think i have fully defrosted from last night .... 
my dad said i dont get any extra credit for drawing all over my math .... dang it ! i spent time on that ! 
\I will brake these chains that bind me ... happiness will find me ... leave my past behind me ... today my life begins ... a whole new world is waiting ... it's mine for the takin ' ... i know i can make it ... today my life begins ... \"" 
really wants an oreo .... 
got praised for proudly wearing my cross necklace downtown at the UW 
so , uh , i kid i was babysitting tonight randomly decided to throw a wooden spoon at my forhead ... i was about it faint ...... it hurt really bad .... 
thought it was really halirious to watch 2 dads playing < PROPFIRST > karts .... i was happily eating pie and ice cream up stairs when a loud yell from downstairs erupted ... one of my sisters came up the stairs and told me that my dad had fallen off of a cliff ... watching parents try and play wii is priceless ............ 
My baby sister's birthday yesturday !!!!!! she is now officially 8 ! 
nearly froze outside ... i was not prepared for this .... WAYYYYYYYY too cold ..... i could have used a little warning .... a few days ago i was just wearing a long sleeve shirt and was not cold ... today i walk out in 2 sweat shirts and 2 t-shirts and a light jacket , and i am still cold .... 
got to Illinois safely ... slept for 2 hours in the car .... walked in the door and had hot apple cider while watching christmas specials on hallmark .... the holidays are really coming .... 
sitting watching my uncle make tukeys , smelling my grandma's pumpkin pie , gazzing at the Christmas tree lights ... you really can't bet Thanksgiving ... well , until Christmas that is ..... 
We stoped at McD's . In walks a plump man with a white beard , little round glasses , < PROPFEMALE > cheeks and a red winter coat . Selah's face glowed and she turned to look at me , \Lexi ! < PROPFEMALE > is here ! < PROPFEMALE > eats at McD's too ! I want to go tell him what i want for Christmas ! \ " it took A LOT of convincing before Selah decided not to approuch him . She agreed on the fact that < PROPFEMALE > might be here under cover . " 
Black Friday has it's ups and downs . Downs : wake up at 2 , i feel sick an hour through , there are so many people i get over whelmed , it is freezing , and lines are horrible . Ups : i got to go w/ my mom , aunt , sister and grandma , you get really good deals , i can sleep during the day , the excitement of the people warms you up , and i got to look forward to hot apple cider when i got home . 
Home safely from Illinois ! now i miss everybody .... Christmas specials here i come ! 
All time fav . Hallmark Christmas specials : The Christmas card , Silver bells , The Christmas choir , Christmas in Cannan , The most wonderful time of the year , Meet the < PROPFEMALE>'s ( i think that is that it is called ) , and The three gifts . i know there are more , but the are my favs . If yal have cable you should try and watch these ! They all have awsome story lines .... the first 4 are all really touching ... 
it was snowing like CRAZY this morning ... but then it stopped .... and then it all melted away ... well almost all .... \ 
It needs to stay .... it needs to build up ... it looks so pretty .... especially on tree branches .... and it sparkles in the sun .... and it goes great with ... HOT CHOCOLATE ... 
Everyone who knows My darling sister < PROPFEMALE > knows that she is just an angel . Last year she ws diagnosed with Epilepsy . She has been so brave and courageous . I know she has been a great example to me that even in the scariest times , you need to trust whole heartedly on God . 
( continuing last one ) ... < PROPFEMALE > has a passionate love for God and constantly trusts in Him to do whatever He has in mind . < PROPFEMALE > has an MRI tomorrow and i wouldd like to ask you all to pray over dear < PROPFEMALE > . 
watched white christmas !!!! 
Phia is in the MRI right now .... let prayers blanket her during this time .... 
Phia is out and well , we will find out the results on wednesday ! there is still room to pray though , Thank you every one who already are ! 
Thinks a little caffine would be nice about right ..... NOW ..... i wonder why so many people are yelling \NO ! \ " at me ???? strange ....... " 
needs to change my profile pix ..... i am just too lazy ... took a 4 hour nap today .... still doesnt make up for that sleep that lost though .... 
Because i probably will not be on tomorrow to say it then , Happy St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day !!!!! 
it is soooo close to Christmas !!! 
I LOVE ALL OF MY FRIENDS !!!!! you guys are all really great !!! 
Shake it up ... Shake up the happiness ... wake it up ... wake up the happiness ... come on ya'll ... its Christmas time .... 
i've been searching for you ... i've been looking around ... got my head to the sky and my shoes on the ground ... in every town and city ... wherever i roam ... i want your spirit with me ... i want to get lost in your spirit ... 
' cause your my hero ... you've already saved the day ... ' cause your my hero .... and i know youre comin ' back for me ................ \ 
* Jesus * 
the snow is melting in December ... what is wrong ? 
3 of my sisters got their hair cut and i got to do it ! doubt it as much as you want , but it actually turned out really cute ! I CAN cut hair ... 
i feel sick ........ eating pizza didnt help either .... doing geomerty just makes it worse .... 
i am beautiful because God made me and i am exactly how he wants me to be ! 
my sister accidently misprounced \shoot\ " at the dinner table ... " 
just realized how much i love the movie \remember the Titans \"" 
my family needs alot of prayer ... 
my dad was helping me with biology tonight and he only had 2 hours of sleep last night ... so , he was explaining something to me , half through a word he just falls alseep . I crept away and started drawing and waited to see how long it would take him to figure out i wasnt there . 10 mintues later .... \Lexi ! \"" 
Packers are going to own ! 
fell of my chair becuz i was laughing so hard 
hmmm , dont have the energy to do anything ..... 
its you and me ... and all other people and i dont know why , but i cant keep my eyes off of you ... 
i got so many cuts on one hand , it is better to just bandage the whole thing up ... 
i <3 the minions in Despicable Me 
... beak open the sky to save those who cry out his name the one the wind and waves obey , strong enough to save you ... 
Pakers are goin ' to the super bowl !!!! 
all of our Christmas celebrations have now finally ended ... just now ... no sorry- ten mintues for so ago ... 
i did not want to get up today :/ 
uhm .... i like drawing ... 
i am sick of skittles ..... i am sick of sour cream and onion chips ..... and i am sick of lemonade ..... 
english homework just got a lot more interesting with Cascada going on in the backround ... 
i have got sooo much english homework to do that i dont want to do any of it .... it doesnt sound interesting any more 
Boo 
i officially have a wolverine band-aid on my arm and it is sweet . Little kid band-aids are the best 
lets see ....... maybe i have so much on my mind , i dont have anything on it at all ...... 
Beaches , pretty houses , plam tree in my front yard , 80 degree weather , shops that you can walk to , NO SNOW , what more can i ask for ? 
I saw a jellyfish ... i took a picture of it , but i cant find it .... it was outstanding ... 
An experience at the beach when the sun was setting :\ 
Guy crawling out of the water like a zombie : \Hey Girls ... you ah 
And i know some day that it will all turn out ... You'll make me work so we can work to work it out ... and ill promise you , kid , that i give you so much more than i get ... I just havent met you yet ! 
Anaia's story . ( non of these words are mistyped , thats just how she pronouces things ! )\ 
\Mom 
I was on the beach , and me and Anaia were bundled up with towels on my chair . While the sun was setting , we decided as long as we had to be there with the cool breeze blowing in our faces , we might as well occupy ourselves . Now people , this is ME AND ANAIA i am talking about .... so what did we do ? we sat there and screamed different animal noises .... what can i say ? we bring the best out of eachother .... :) 
i feel bad for the lovers that go to Lover's Key Park . They wont have a good time cuz they'd get eaten alive by the flies . Yes the flies , you didnt hear me wrong . and the red ants , i got bitten by a red ant ..... 
got 5 spike belts today ... feelin pretty happy 
Selah's story time :\ 
\Lexi- now here is a story I'll tell you . When i grow up i will have 4 kids . 2 boys and 2 girls . the boys names will be Stinky Pants and Weird Face . the girls will be Hairy Pants and Hairy Eyes ...... \"" 
my parent's room smells like dead fish .... it's kinda gross ... just glad i dont have to sleep in there ! 
People have a right to their own opinions , but they need to have self control to control what they do with those opinions . the protestors at the capitol are going overboard . they are acting like little toddlers . 
i am writing a research paper on a transcendentalist poet . Anyone want to swap places with me ? 
uhm , bye bye blonde ! red for about ... 2 months ... 
something simple things are just too complicated to understand , but then sometimes the things that seem the most compilcated , are the simplest . 
It is 12 o'clock , i just got up . I had a great time last night , but i got a REEEEALLY bad headache afterwards ... ate some cold fries on the way home and went straight to bed . 
MY PHONE IS WORKING AGAIN !!!! WOOT !!! 
twiddledum and twiddlede 
i am offically a tibearox , soooo all of ya beware !!!!!! 
the best things someone will ever meet in thier lifetime are named < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > 
i want to stay in my pjs all day . sound good ? good , cuz thats what im doin ! 
.... sickness is not good .... i havent gotten sick in awhile , so i guess its now catchin up to me .... maybe i should run faster ... 
i officially really like the movie The Iron Giant . its pretty amazing .... 
ICE CREAM TIME !!!!!!!!!!!!! YAAAAAAAAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! sugar high ? nooooooo ........... :P 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the house is breaking !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the hail is < PROPFEMALE > big !!!!!!!!!!!! AND HARD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
DJ blow my speakers up tonight ! 
Good night Facebook .... 
