Happy New Years Folks ! Heres to a betters 2011 by saying F You to 2010 ! :D 

Why the hell am I staying up late when I have class in the morning , especially when its less than 8 hours from now ? 
Only by understanding our past , can we grow , and push forward . But sometimes we must forget , to learn the greatest lessons . 
Ever had times where you wish that you could be wrong ? 
Short breaks between classes are short D: 
< PROPMALE > Ortiz God ... I feel so sick ... the only way I can explain it , is I feel like a bowl of chicken teryakki . I have the smell of the sauce surrounding me , and I feel all chopped up like the chicken and smothered by rice thats causing my body to ache . : x 
Man losing your voice sucks . ): 
Staying up all night ! Woo ! 
Getting back your voice completely is awesome . :D 
Just installed windows 7 , I must admit , its pretty spiffy ! 
Remembering old times can be fun and saddening at the same time . 
I feel like a dork , I got the new pokemon game ): Stop looking at me that way ... It was a remake ! D: 
Oh no ... test today in A & P 2 ... I'm screwed . 
Coming home after a hard days work just to be able to kick back and relax on the couch can be one of life's most satsifying things . 
Today was a good day :3 
Just bought Battlefield Bad Company 2 on steam , wasted hours trying to get stuff figured out with EA just to unlock the special content for owning more than 2 Battlefield Games . Annoyed , but can't wait till tomorrow once I get off work to sink my teeth into this game . : F 
Odd hour work days are odd . 
Its one of those days ... And these days just make me smile on the inside . :) 
Apparently longevity of a friendship isn't considered worthwhile as opposed to something thats new and shiny . * Shrug * So much for that friend . 
I just got to < PROPFEMALE > out with an old friend of mine that I haven't seen in a while , we spent like an hour at < PROPFEMALE>'s talking about the old times . Ah ... I love catching up . 
Its a whole new day ... and todays day will start with spagetti . 
My condolences to the Polish people for the recent passing of their president and a majority of their senior officials in the recent plane crash . 
Boring night is boring .... 
I gotta get up ! Early in the morning ~ 
The past couple days have been very entertaining . From my birthday to catching up with some old friends . I can't say I'd have it any other way . :) 
Worked today from 6am- 10:45 am , did inventory type duties at work . Oddly enough I rather enjoyed having a change of pace at work . Once I got off work , caught some lunch then got my hair cut ! 
Short shift at work is short . 
I need a new profile picture , I just noticed I have a comb over . I'll fix this when I actually look decent enough for another picture . 
I have the next two days off ... what should I do ... hmm ..... 
Went to go watch Iron Man 2 with friends , great movie . Then went to the Yard House , had some awesome grub and a couple of drinks . Fun Day ! 
What to do today after work ... 
I'll just make it easier on myself and I'll just say . I don't understand , instead of bothering to try to understand . 
I've got the day off .... what to do ... 
The funny thing is , life is constantly made easier and idiot proof by inovation ... and then god makes a brand new , better and more refined idiot shortly their after . 
Its one of those days ... 
Have the day off , who wants to < PROPFEMALE > ? ;D ? 
It was a fun day , shame I have work in the morning at 8am , btu you know what ? It was worth it , rivetting conversation and corny jokes included . 
Too much carne asada ... food coma starting soon ... I will sleep happily tonight ... zzz 
I've got the day off ... what to do ... 
Nothing beats some chips and homemade salsa during some downtime before work . 
Posting from my new droid ! Hello 21st century ! 
Alright ... what the hell man ? I get my new phone , check facebook about 4 times since I've bought the damn thing , and now my computer is upset at me and refusing to load facebook ! I swear even electronics get jealous at me . 
Has In and Out . Double Double + Fries Animal Style . 
Phone's compass is detecting 101/48 teslas in magnetic force . Odd ... 
I just ran into < PROPFEMALE > at work ! Good times xD 
I got a haircut today ! :D 
I have the day off . Who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out ? ;D 
Dear people , please stop basing your relationships on hollywood drama and tv sitcoms . The sooner you realize this , the better . 
I just put some tapatio on my sandwich , and I must admit , it does make it alot less bland and has a 100% < PROPMALE > to taste amazing . 
Dude I just bought borderlands on steam for $10 , I'm psyched to start playing . 
Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > . Party well , be safe . 
As cliche as at sounds there is something majestic about watching fireworks . Good memories . 
Just got home from hanging out with some old friends , good times , for all of you I < PROPMALE > out with , we must do this again , but noted bring less food ! 
Going to see despicable me ! Will report back in after movie ! 
Despicable Me was hilarious , I went to go see it with a few friends , damn it , we were cracking up so damn much . 
It's soooo fluffeh !!! 
\If you are neutral in situations of injustice 
Had an awesome night out with some of the old gang . We gotta do this more often ! 
I just heard the craziest song from a mexican band ... its about peanuts and pistachios . Wtf ? 
Yesterday is history , tomorrow is a mystery , but today is a gift . 
is psyched . 
Pissing me and my bros off is like calling 1-800 Collect an Asswhooping . :D 
There are known knowns , known unknowns and unknown unknowns . Things that we don't know that we don't know ! 
I just saw that they are making green lantern movie , thor , and captian < PROPFEMALE > ... words can not explain my love for life now ... 
I like chocolate milk . :3 
Just bought Starcraft 2 . 
The rootbeer me and < PROPFIRST > bought earlier , he was damn right . Odin would approve of it very very much . 
Is buying groceries , om nom nom food . 
Man the Terran themes from Starcraft 2 are just that epic , man do they bring back some good memories . 
Its offical after today I will be apart of best buy's project team ! 
First day of the new job . Like it , time flies by ! 
A tear comes to my eye when you finally know that < PROPFEMALE > has finally played its hand on an individual that got what they really deserved . :) 
Been there , done that , had the dvd made twice . 
Best Starcraft 2 Unit quote from the Protross , the Immortal . \ 
\ 
\Where's my < PROPMALE > ?!.......... Oh ... I'm in it ... \"" 
If it doesn't get all over the place , it doesn't belong in your face . 
Have the weekend off ! Time to go do something ! 
Not all wanderers are lost ... some of us are just drunk . 
Gravity . Its not just a good idea . Its the law . 
We are who we choose to be . 
< PROPFIRST > Weinhard's Rootbeer , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > Tested , Odin Approved . 
Life has an interesting way of offering you alot of opportunities , and sometimes because of how we are , we ignore them playing off the possible rewards as miniscule so that we can be lazy . But for once I broke that habit and I said hello . :) 
Checked out the new student services center at the college . Smells like fresh paint . 
Sorry ladies and gentlemen , we seem to be experimenting some uh ... technological differences . 
Pudding can't fill up the emptyness inside me !... but it will help ! 
We have bigger problems a butter shortage !... I thought I'd never say that . 
Its times like these that make me wish I could use more ' its times like these ' references . 
Ever had one of \those\ " days ? Well today isn't one of them so HA ! <3 " 
Apparently my code name is < PROPFIRST > Spicy Wiener . * scratches head * I'm so lost ... 
May we all give a moment of silence for the events that occured this day 9 years ago . Also let us remember , tolerance of others creed and preference will prevent other instances like this from happening in the future . Let us never forget and continue to honor those who died and will continue to fight for our freedom and safety . To the men and women of our Armed Forces , Civil Servants , this one goes to you . Thank you . 
Well no wonder all the Human Tetris Videos were removed from Youtube , Apparently Cartoon Network bought the rights to the series so it can be syndicated over here in the US , by the name of \Hole in the Wall\ " ... really ? " 
is puttin ' on the ritz . * gets top hat * 
Ahh ... the the hair dryer ... the woman's equivalent of a man's power drill , so many attatchments you don't know what to do with ! 
DAMN IT SO MANY BIRTHDAYS TODAY D: 
Collect novelty items such as : 3D glasses , oil cans and pink panties to earn achievements/trophies . -Steam commentary on Borderlands New DLC Claptrap Revolution . \ 
Panties ? 
Apparently I can remember terms and locations of them , but not locations and the terms associated with them . 
Its only a sacrifice if I have to bore the pain , and its a burden if you have to . 
Long day was long , now sleepy time is for sleeping . 
I just got rickrolled by the < PROPFEMALE > lm desert mall's < PROPFEMALE > system . 
You just bought yourself to pretzel town < PROPMALE > ! 
Om nom nom nom nom nom nom . 
Pudding will not fill the emptyness inside me ! ... but it will help . 
Is gearing up for Friday . 
My computer beat me at checkers , but I sure beat it at kickboxing . 
Oh thank god for rain ... considering I just waxed my car on Sunday . 
So I bought Fallout New Vegas after all , the games good , but damn its soooo glitchy , considering it apparently puts more strain on my computer than fallout 3 even though the graphics haven't gotten much more impressive . The story is amazing , but I'm getting beyond frustrated with getting crashed to desktop every few minutes and my game getting lagged out when their is more than 2 npcs on screen . 
Dear Bethesda , please to be updating your software for Fallout New Vegas to directX 11 from dx 9 , its 2010 not 2004 . With love , me . 
Well ... what a simple fix ... I copied my dx9 fill that gets saved in the windows os files , and placed it my fallout new vegas directory , game graphics are fixed 
Don't forget to vote today people ! Just remember if you didn't vote , you can't complain ! 
Is sitting in a very uncomfortable chair in class for 2 hours . 
Breakfast om nom nom nom . 
I could really use a box of thinking grenades right about now . 
I got to see the 100% ending for the New California Republic story arc on fallout new vegas ... it brought tears to my eyes . 
Ever since < PROPFIRST > tought me how to sniper with the M24 on Battlefield Bad Company 2 , I've been on a heater ever since . Last personal best was 31/2 . 
Bah ... why did I have to get sick when I return back to work ? =\\ 
Wow , how retarded . I got 20 kills with a smoke launcher on Bad Company 2 , and of course ... the stats didn't pick it up as it isn't a \normal\ " killing weapon . PFFT " 
I have offically lost my voice for the second year and a row around the same time . 
Cheesecake , munching on a cheesecake , munching a cheesecake , munching a cheesecake , munching a cheesecake . :3 
Gold on all small arms , minus sniper rifles , on battlfield bad company 2 . Accomplished . 
So hungry ... 
Free burritos are awesome burritos ! 
Watching A Shot In The Dark on netflix with < PROPFIRST > . 
Remember to turn the < PROPFEMALE > , and wash your hands . Turn the < PROPFEMALE > . Wash your hands . 
Why am I cold in the sunlight of Paris\ 
Where laughter and songs fill the skies\ 
Why am I warm in the shadows of Paris\ 
When I know that < PROPFEMALE > means goodbye . 
I feel so dirty ... I just bought Call of Duty : Black Ops ... Battefield forgive me D: 
Wow , I can see why black ops could be an interesting game ... If it wasn't so damn buggy . I feel like I wasted my time on this . 
So apparently now at COD , you are prohibited from retaking classes unless the class is an \exception\ " class . Which most General < PROPMALE > Classes aren't . Since when is there \ " Elitism\ " at the Community College Level ? I guess they really don't want people to spend their money on education if they are slow learners . Fascists . " 
I just saw something that looked like a Reddish Orange Orb , south of Indio looked like 5-10 < PROPMALE > out , first it split into two , one on top of the other , then the bottom one disappeared , Then the top one starts dropping smaller reddish orbs below it and they disappear quickly . Reported time 10:32 pm . Any thoughts anyone ? 
Battlefield Bad Company 2 Vietnam : Just had a rambo moment , killed 3 with my m14 and used my clip , pull out my pistol , use the clip killing another , charge at the guy with a flamethrower , stab him with a knife , steal his flamethrower and kill the guy behind him with it . Now that is a job well done :D 
Have a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas , to all of you ! Give a shout out to our Military , Firefighters , Law Enforcement , Paramedics , EMTs and all other EMS out there this Christmas ! 
Just got my i7-970 Processor and the DX58SO Mobo ! Now to just get the rest peiced together :D 
Computer is finally finished and 100% operational as of 5 hours ago . 
Today at work things are just fubar'd . 
Saying two colors over and over does not constitue a song . 
Whats the square root of pie you ask ? Delicious ! What else would it be ? 
Just saw the Green Hornet , hilarious , epic , and I want that car . 
You sir , will get nothing and like it ! 
Unce ! Unce ! Unce ! Unce ! Ooo , oh check me out . Unce ! Unce ! Unce ! Unce ! Oh , come on get down ! Unce ! Unce ! I think I lost the beat ... but , Unce ! Unce ! 
Salsa covered hotdogs for dinner = fire ass the next morning . 
Its been officially dealth with ! * Puts on sunglasses * 
I just won 170 dollars at the casino ! 
A apple a day keeps the doctor away , but an glass of orange juice is a tasty breakfast beverage . 
Bought a new keyboard and mouse yesterday , love em . 
Thank you mi amor ! * pushes the glow button on keyboard * 
I guess EVERYONE has been quoting me lately , so I guess I'll do it . \ 
Jorge : \ ... I GOT IT ... its Very Superstitious from < PROPFIRST > Wonder ... Wow that was like almost a week later ... \ " \ 
Lindsay : I love you ! ~ \ 
Me : ... \ 
Lindsay : I said I love you ! * smacks arm*\ 
Jorge : shut up baby I know it ! 
500 more kills on battlefield bad company 2 with the m1 garand and I get my platinum 
300 more kills on bfbc2 with the garand . 
I got the damn gamepad to work ... not that I'll be using it to play Bad Company 2 , point is I figured it out . Mouse and keyboard ftw ! 
Just beat Metro 2033 , I have to admit , the story was amazing , the graphics were epic , gameplay was awesome , to bad it was shortlived though . But I will say this , the alternate ending I got compared to the original , brought a tear to my eye . 
Thank you parents , You've motivated me to get my own car insurance , I'll be shopping around for it . 
Homefront's story is amazing but unbelievably short , the multiplayer , graphics and gameplay mechanics more than make up for it though . 
Morbo will now introduce tonight's candidates ... PUNY HUMAN NUMBER ONE , PUNY HUMAN NUMBER TWO , and Morbo's good friend , < PROPFIRST > Nixon . 
If anyone needs me , I'll be in the chamber of understanding until further notice . 
Boss : here is the < PROPMALE > . \ 
Me : don't you mean the manual ? \ 
Boss : no this is california its called the < PROPMALE > . 
Car had trouble starting again today ... I was late to work because of which ... bah I need to get that 2nd security system removed on my car . 
Looks like I'm starting to get an ingrown toenail ... yuck . Time to get the clippers and lots of rubbing alcohol . 
After many attempts , failures and lots of pain , success ! Ingrown toenail is remedied ! Just need it to heal now . 
Hell month at work has been extended another week , yeah it sucks , yeah I'll be tired , but damn the money will be good . More money for my projects :) 
Just got my new tires for my car ! Cost me $500 but I'm still happy , one less thing to worry about ! 
Just saw a guy try to get into < PROPMALE > bank without using the card reader , lols followed . 
Loving my new tablet :) 
I want to be a mongoose . 
And now , for a new installment of :\ 
Good Idea , Bad Idea . \ 
Good Idea : buy a toy for an orphan on christmas . \ 
Bad Idea : get a job for an orphan on the 4th of july . 
