when u say sorry , do you rlly mean it or do u say it to make people ur makeing mad happy either way i think ur lieing . u never felt bad nor srry you were happy to leave me i wasnt as easy as ur lil friends now was i . i am single and proud lalalala 

Cant stop thinking of you ! Your always on my mind cant get you out ! I just can't help the fact that I'm completely in love you ! ( : 
a blond walks in to a coat store and asks one of the workers where she can find one of those white jackets that make you hug yourself . 
is wondering why she keeps having blonde moments ? oh wait i think i am blonde brb let me go check in the mirror . Bck no not blond i have yello hair . 
will anyone kidnap me and throw me out of a plane . i need to be kidnaped and go skydiving all befor i die and i cant go to sleep or ill never wake up 
oh boy i made it through the nite todays gonna be fun driving to indiana to help my dad get his fish tank and my dresser lolz ill have my phone weather i have service or not is another story 
wants 2 no ' if we had the weekend totally alone together write in my inbox exactly wot we wud do ;) ' lol dont b shy its totally confidential u no u want 2 
at samanthas for the nite this is gonna be a nite to remember 
up at da lake till sunday then leave like tuesday morning for two in half weeks god im a gonna miss all u guys tet or call me theres like no internet reception up here it sticks 
home for short while off again tuesday < PROPFEMALE > fun lolz 
in colorado its fun seee ive only been here for like one day lolz 
goin to wild animal sanctuary today with the lil cousins today . lions and tigers and bears OH MY ! 
sitting here 
yay i guees the faries didnt give me wrong direction but man did we have fun . i cnt wait to get home i iss everyone some people more then others but still i have 8 days cnt wait . :( . i <3 < PROPFIRST > 
in new mexico for the nite its okay i cnt wait to be home only 7 days . i <3 < PROPFIRST > . 7-11-10 
going to texas which is like another 12 hour drive i cnt wit to get home . i <3 < PROPFIRST > 7-11-10 . i miss you guys 
in new orleans idk bout this place lolz . oh well only 3 nites see you guys when i get bck . 7-11-10 i <3 u < PROPFIRST > 
tear tear i got a hair tie stuck in my hair we haad to cut it out i hope it didnt leave any damage to my hair i dnt like when we cut my hair 
last nite in new orleans . srry if i mis spell it . idk i have 2 nites i hope i feel better tomorrow . 7-11-10 i <3 braandon 
almost home just 8 hours 
almost there 8 hours away i get home tomorrow 
goin to the docters in alil how exiting shots here i come lolz . i love you baabes 
going home today the kids were great this weekend god i never knew how much i rlly missed them i wish they never had to go back . i love you landan < PROPFEMALE > aidan < PROPFEMALE > and mikey i wish u guys would never grow up . i <3 < PROPFIRST > 
going to see < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > happy i <3 u < PROPFIRST > 
cleaning the house then band then dads tomorrow kids wont be there < PROPFEMALE > sad but ive got things to do < PROPFEMALE > o if u got my # text me dnt call i dnt have time for tht jk u can if u wanna love u all . I <3 < PROPFIRST > 
home school next week i love you < PROPFIRST > 
im home and have school next week 
im home and have school next week\ 
i love < PROPFIRST > 
cleaning room then hoping to go over to brandons and still go to practice . i go to my dads this weekend then start school tuesday . I <3 u < PROPFIRST > 
school tomorrow and im rlly scared 
high school is fun im always busy though 
ive chiped/craked a bone in my left pinky it hurts sooo bad . :( no sports or gym for 10 days not bad but band idk wat im gonna do yet 
moving on can be hard but sometimes you just have to . sometimes you hurt urself more then u thought you would . < PROPFEMALE > ner or later uot to learn lifes never a fairytail , your never a < PROPFEMALE > and no ones gonna swoop down and pick you off your feet . < PROPFEMALE > u need to pick ur self up and keep moving down the brick road to find tht one guy who will rlly show you they arent all the same . 
life can be sad , evil , and sometimes very good . but when u have the feeling tht your life going rlly good when for a while its been just plan evil u have a hard time beliving it . your scared to get used to cause u know once you do life will just take it away from you and you wont know what to do . 
life is short so live it up and never back down ... unless its somthiong u rlly do know ur wrong lolz so for now im living up high school for as long as i can lolz . 
life has its ups and down we all have our share of each my lifeis in an up for now love it and hope it stay i love you all 
i got to love him hes so sweet and funny and likes to protect me i think i may just be falling rlly hard for him i hope he doesnt walk out of my life anytime soon 
Life was so much easier when we all thought everyone had cooties & and the only drama was fighting over our crayons .. 
To my best friend ... I hope you know how much you are appreciated . When all else fails , I can always count on you ! Love ya 
NOTE TO SELF : today after proudly licking the bus windows with my helmet on , now it's time to eat paste and lick that container clean ,, oh boy lunch time !! 
kisses blown are kisses wasted , kisses arent kisses unless their tasted , kisses spread germs and germs are hated but baby you can kiss me im vacinated 
today was okay i didnt feel to good i rlly dont wanna go to skool anymore 
Is going on a trip . Some nice men in white with a big net showed up put me in a jacket so i can hug myself . YAY this is gonna be fun !! 
The rules .. yeah they don't apply to me 
in high school you make friends from every grade or atleast i do but year by year they all graduate and then ur stuck with them leaving ur life and you never know when they will reappear again . high schools ruff for this one reason ... plus many more but still 
love doesnt kill rejection does love is just here to cover it up like a bandaid hopin to fix a permenet scar 
B . L . O . N . D . E . \ 
-brilliant , loving , opinionated , naughty , daring , eccentric\ 
this is me 
omg it snowing wats up with tht 
says its so cold that there were penguins in my yard , until the polar bear chased them off ! 
life is really a peice of work that i need to finish happy . i just hope it allows me to 
