Watching house , wishing I could go back to sleep ! 

all dressed up and no battery to start the car . God bless < PROPFIRST > who is outside working on it now 
For those who use farm town : Just received a message saying do not hire anyone named < PROPMALE > Dwyer(beef Jerkey Roxxx !!!! is his farmtown screen name ) . he is a hacker . Tell everyone on your < PROPMALE > list because if someone on your list adds him , he'll be on yo 
can't wait to babysit my sweet nephew 
Looking at a computer all day long is torture !!! 
lets go to Lexington this AM 
to my family : if you get a friend request from < PROPFEMALE > Zaring that is OUR < PROPFEMALE > Warf 
in huntsville alabama , going to pensacola tomorrow . yipeee 
Pensacola booked and way too high ( having a blue angels air show ) going to fort < PROPMALE > beach fl instead . balcony opens to the sand ! 
home from a wonderful vacation , now to rest ! LOL 
another day of helping my pack rat son clean his room ! Lord < PROPMALE > me strength and < PROPFEMALE > 
getting < PROPFIRST > ready to go to football practice . 1/2 his room is clean , I let him quit early to play with the new dog < PROPMALE > ! 
beautiful day , yucky belly :( 
do not look back and ask why . Look forward and ask , why not 
good night < PROPFEMALE > good night . dumdumdumdum 
This is the day that the Lord has made , I will rejoice and be glad in it . 
plans changed , so I made my fellas homemade biscuits and gravy , with farm fresh eggs and bacon . Yummmmy ! 
Wore out , just got home form a wonderful visit with my Unc in Cinci Loved the Creation Museum the wax figures looked like they could start talking and it made my son do a lot of thinking and have questions . Great day ! 
I can not believe that my baby boy is 13 today ! and about 5'8\ " , 2009-08-03 12:45:06 " 
had fun shopping today . getting < PROPFIRST > ready for his first day of school now 
watched < PROPFIRST > today and he is a BIG eater with weird taste buds : A lick of < PROPFEMALE > nut ice cream followed by a bite of beannie weenies ! UGH :) 
going to UKMC today preparing to teach clinicals 
nursing < PROPMALE > ( outdoor dog ) He is inside now , getting a syringe of water every 20 < PROPFEMALE > 
poopy dog , poopy kid all night , now off to work :{ 
mmmmm chocolate chip pancakes for breakfast 
enjoyed the retreat . Too bad I still have to wait before I can use what I have learned at church . Faith Community Nursing rocks ! 
home from church , NO a/c house is 85 degrees ! 
hot ! hot ! hot ! 83 degrees in the house ! A/C man coming tomorrow :) 
house up to 86 degrees ! 
home of hades update : now 87 degrees with almost 70% humidity ! UGH :{ 
A/C fixed today !!! Yipeee 
New students !!! :) It is going to be a GRRREAT Day ! 
is paying today for not doing homework this weekend . Whew ! 
Just had mini emotional breakdown . Have to get up to attend first ever teaching of clinicals at UK , told today need copy of CPR . Can't find CPR card , copy in computer did not copy completley , tore up house , cried , still can't find it . So I guess I will go to bed cause I have to get up at 4 ! 
There is a robber on the loose in Brodhead , we ran him out of my < PROPFIRST > just now . He didn't get anything . And thank God for good neighbors 
I am ready for school to be < PROPFEMALE > over ! 
Why am I < PROPFEMALE > sleepy after drinking coffee ? Thinking of taking a long nap ! 
OK church family I know that I procrastinated , but I need prayer to ger my homework done in time to go to church tonight . pray pray pray !!! :) 
just saw that a KY boy won Americas Got Talent !!!! 
homework , homework , homework ugh :( 
can't see straight anymore Got the bare minimum done 
3 saved at church tonight ! Praise the Lord ! And my 13 yr old is listening to one of Bro Dardens sermons as I type . I feel the change not only in my church , and in my self , but in my home . 
G-Night all 
hi ho hi ho its off to work I go ! :) 
cough , cough , sneeze , sneeze :[ 
mmmm mmmm good . First time made homemade ck soup ! Goes great with my cold 
ugh . my eyes are poping out of my head . Way too long on the computer . Gonna send my lecture in hope she likes it is almost done ! YIPEEE 
off to UKMC . It is waaaaayyyyy tooo early for me to be up and about . But it is a glorious day ! :) 
I guess I will sleep when I am dead . 
Awww , home with my family , don't feel like I have been with them in 3wks . popping popcorn gonna watch a movie Life is good 
going on a well deserved get away with my hubby . :) 
Chis has mmy head cold , cough , and sore throat 
Trying to get ahead on my home work tired of the stress !!!! 
working in the nsg lab today , Hope I can get some homework done too 
Going to bed ! 
Anyone selling boyscout popcorn ? 
Hate homework !!!! Can't wait to get my LAST TWO papers done 
Issue paper done !!!!!!!!!! 
Can't take any more writing of research paper !!!!!! Taking a nap !!!! get back on it later . UGH DOUBLE UGH 
Thanksgiving dinner is sooo good ! Now I have to try and work on a full belly . lol 
Chis went to church with his aunt < PROPMALE > . I am going to work on a paper . Miss my church family . sniff ...... sniff ..... 
Well , I seem to want to do everything but homework . Went to campus maybe I can focus here better . :) 
My eyes are crossing , going home !!!! 
When it rains it pours . the water pump in my < PROPFIRST > is busted , my warranty is gone by 10,000 < PROPMALE > . then my hubbys truck lights keep going out on the way home , thought I was gonna die . It is a pretty dark night out there tonight ! :) It is still a good day today . Just luvin on the Lord ! 
finished my research paper !!!!!!!! Well , at least enough to get feedback . 
g night fb friends . 
My Uncle < PROPFIRST > is being moved to the hospice center tomorrow . Pray for him and his family . 
??? d ? no ? o ? uo sI ?? ?? s ? d pu ? ? do ? ' s ?? s sI ?? ???? ? no ?? n ? I ? o ? ?? nou ? ???? s ??? no ? ? I 
I feel so sorry for my mom . I know I was a hateful kid in the morning and now I have to listen to grouchy < PROPFIRST > . Teenagers l-{ 
Has anyone ever heard of the phoenix affirmations . One of my friends is taking that course at her church , it sounded questionable to me 
just call my Ms Lumberjack : had to move a tree today to get to a patients house ! :) 
found out today I passed all my courses !!!!!! 
off to work I go , hope I don't hav to walk around in the rain 
finishing my last class today !!!!! 
going to work this AM , gotta start paying off all those bills :} 
OK , what makes a pup want to eat a Christmas tree ? I was gone for a few hours the tree was in the middle of the floor with < PROPMALE > ALL OVER the house , broken ornaments and chewed thru lights . She is cute , but I am still debating whether or not to muzzle her 
Pinehill Holliness is having thei Christmas play tonight @ 7:30 . Come on out 
Home sweet home . Love being in Cumberland ! <3 
I am home had a wonderful Christmas with family , an unexpected but equally grand chat with some old friends/family . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and to all a goodnight . 
Good morning , hope evyone had a good Christmas . 
My waffle maker is great , however it may not be conducive to a healthy diet . ;) 
I hate waiting !!!!! :{ 
Brrrr it is way too cold to go to work ! 
getting ready to go snow tubing ! Yippeee 
ewww way too cold for homehealth work ! Brrrr . Got to get a new battery today , car wouldn't start again without < PROPFIRST>'s help 
Lets go to WOW !!!!!!!! 
OK , sports active personal trainer for Wii made my legs wobbly . Parts of it really fun , other parts made me want to hit the trainer . 
Borrowed from a friend's post ... Be very careful if you make a woman cry , because God counts her tears . The woman came out of a man's rib . Not from his feet to be walked on .. Not from his head to be superior ... but from the side to be equal ! Under the arm to be protected , & next to the heart to be loved , Yeah !!! Keepp It Goingggg 
beige 
Enjoyed having the kids over for sleding , hot coco and Wii :) 
I was able to do the squats on the personal trainer without killing myself !!!! wooowhoo ! 
It is sooo sad when the highlight of your day is The Brodhead Market and Dollar General Store . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 4lbs and 12 oz 
Start a new job in the AM first 12 hour shift in a hospital in 10 years ! Shew , Lord give me strength 
First day at the hospital !!! Good day , was fun , but I would like to cut my legs off now , thankyou very much LOL . I know , I know I am a wimp 
The kids are bathed , lotioned , diapers changed and ready for popcorn . Camerons smile makes everythnig in the world OK . Now just to get used to an 18 month old watching me every time I potty . Momming is hard work but gratifying 
nothing like being woke up thinking you are late to find out our up almost an hour too early :) 
Salmon quiche is surprisingly good !!!! 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . 93% won't copy and paste this , many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
OH , my goodness , I have been home for 30 < PROPFEMALE > from what was supposed to be a 12 hour shift . Thank the Lord for church last nght I needed that blessing to get me thru today . Now to bed and hopefully tomorrow will be a better day and if not I hope I can show The Light ! 
bed ..... oh sweet bed 
Ewww , my aching head :( 
He brought me out of the mirey < PROPMALE > , He sat my feet on the Rock to stay , He put a song in my heart today , all I can say is hallelujah !!! 
I am < PROPFEMALE > glad that I don't have to be in lexington every day at 630 . It is way too early to be out of bed 
Going to WOW . But really I just want to go to bed ! 
-A < PROPFEMALE > is a worshiping word for a beatiful mysterious woman that one of your mates knows on a first name basis , but you have never met . 
Lost Souls Crusade tonight 7:30 Pine Hill Holiness Church . Bro < PROPFIRST > Smith from Brushcreek will be preaching . ! Hope everyone can make it ! Help us spread the word by posting this announcement on your profile ! 
Wear RED for women !!!! Bring awareness to our #1 killer --- Heart disease ! Find information for a healthier you at the American Heart Associations web site 
Love movie popcorn , hate waking up the next morning unable to close my hands 
we have been together for 6 years , married for 4 years and 4months 
No clinicals for me !!!! So glad I don't have to slide into Lexington today 
*• ? Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? handsome ? Son ? in the ? world ? • 
At EKU waiting on lab to start .... That is if we even have a lab . Oh well if not at least not a wasted trip < PROPFIRST > came with me to get his eyes checked 
Short lab , Then < PROPFIRST > and I finished getting his glasses and went to the japanese grill , then to see the Tooth < PROPFEMALE > ( very cute/funny ) while waiting on his glasses . 
Just read my local paper and I discovered that I graduated EKU with a degree in nursing ( post RN ) and elementary education !!!! LOL God bless teachers that want to teach grade school , however I am NOT one of them ! 
I just feel like something good is about to happen , I just feel like something good is on its way ; He has promised that He'd open all of Heaven , And brother , it could happen any day . 
If you got a link from me today that started with LOL DO NOT OPEN IT It is a bad bug , that I got into and then it sent itself to everyone else 
If you got a link from me that started with LOL DO NOT OPEN IT It is a bad bug , that I got into and then it sent itself to everyone else 
ATTENTION ALL : IF YOU GET A REQUEST FROM ME OR ANY FRIEND TO CHECKOUT ' YOUTUBE ' AND IT LOOKS LIKE FACEBOOK , DO NOT OPEN IT . IT IS A TROJAN WORM AND WILL INFECT AND SHUTDOWN YOUR COMPUTER AND TAKE ALL YOUR PERSONAL INFO . IT IS TRAVELING AROUND FACEBOOK RAPIDLY . YOUR FRIENDS DID NOT SEND IT ! THIS IS REAL . PLEASE COPY AND ...... PASTE 
sniff .... sniff .... it is gone ..... they are all gone ..... every file , every paper , some videos of Chris .... pictures .... all of it is just gone , wiped clean like chalk off of a blackboard It wont happen again though , I have an external hard drive now . 
All I know is that God knows best . I have to trust Him because I know no other way to live . He is my God . Jesus is my salvation . In spite of anything and everything , I choose to trust , and that is the only way I can get through all this mess called life 
Rather than life being hills and valleys , I believe that it's kind of like two rails on a railroad track , and at all times you have something good and something bad in your life . No matter how good things are in your life , there is always something bad that needs to be worked on . And no matter how bad things are in your life , there is always something good you can thank God for-Rick < PROPMALE > 
< PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland was great 
Start making plans : 2nd Annual Women's Conference with Sister < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > March 19th at 7:00 and March 20th at 10 am with lunch following -- 
Start making plans : 2nd Annual Women's Conference with Sister < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > March 19th at 7:00 and March 20th at 10 am with lunch following at Pine Hill Holiness Church 
Question : How can one be an \as needed\ " nursing professor ? " 
The womens conference was awesome , what a wonderful God we serve ! 
NASTY VIRUS RUNNING AROUND FARMVILLE !!!!!!! THERE WILL BE A BOX THAT POPS UP AND SAYS THERE IS A PROBLEM AND IT WILL FIX IT . IT SAYS CLICK ON THE OK BUTTON --- DO NOT CLICK IT !!!! INSTEAD CLICK ON CTRL ALT DELETE . THIS IS THE ONLY WAY TO GET OUT WITHOUT GETTING THE VIRUS !!!!!! PLEASE REPOST THIS TO YOUR HOME < PROPFEMALE > FOR ALL TO SEE !! 
School on Saturday !? Ughh ! I want to sleep in today 
Putting out someone else's candle will never light your own . 
Funny quote for today \I am feeling so low you would have to < PROPFIRST > me up to burry me \"" 
I don't remember ever being so tired . Good night all 
It is a great morning !!!! 
< PROPFIRST > Bates will be at Pine Hill on Thursday night April 8th starting at 7:00 pm !! 
It is a wonderful morning 
can't breath , thinking her wonderful sister may have to deliver some allergy med today . LOL 
I have a surprise for those ladys that attend WOW tomorrow night !! 
Interviews , interviews so glad I am getting them , so badly wish I didn't get so nervous doing them 
It's Sisters ' week ! If you have a sister who makes your life interesting and fun , is a blessing in your life , generally makes life worth living by being around , copy and paste this to your status ! Having a sister is a precious gift ! 
WARNING ! If someone comes to your front door saying they are checking for ticks due to the warm weather and then asks you to take your clothes off and dance around with your arms up , DO NOT DO IT ! THIS IS A SCAM ! They only want to see you naked ! I wish I'd gotten this yesterday ... I feel so stupid ! ( Please copy and paste this warning into your status so everyone is aware . ) 
2012 Doomsday , great movie ! 
Went to see JR tonight . In good spirits at Somerset hospital . Went down for surgery about 830 tonight to clean his finger . The surgeon thinks he may get to keep it . He will be in the hospital for 3 days . I know he would love company and/or phone calls the number is 679-7441 room 441-2 
has sneezed for a solid hour and a half . ewwwww I cant breathe 
Awesome mothers day . I have a great son ! And husband . Went to Kotos in Richmond , got some < PROPFEMALE > s , and a < PROPFEMALE > bush . 
has great intentions to clean , but has poor motivation 
I gave up jogging for my health when my thighs kept rubbing together and setting fire to my panties . 
A friend of mine confused her Valium with her birth control pills ... she has 14 kids but she doesn't really care .. 
My jaw and belly is sore from laughing so hard for 2 hours . < PROPMALE > Hawkins was too funny 
lets go to work ! It is going to be a great day ! I just know it 
is going swimming ! 
I want to go swimming at the water park thurs or friday who is with me ? 
the Biltmore house was awesome , watching the boys swim now 
fireworks on the beach ..... just beautiful ! 
Just got home , going to fall into bed 
watching TV , drinking coffee , browsing the web , listening to my dog cut cheese . Really , which one doesn't belong ? 
is wondering what is in bloom . A couple of hours outside last night and killer sinus headache this am ! 
I am so excited my husband got some things done on the < PROPFEMALE > do list !!!! I've got such a good feller :) 
upper case living stuff not hard to put up but is time consuming if there is a bunch of edges 
I am so awesome ! loving computers/printers 
Put ? this ? as ? your ? status ? for ? one ? hour ? if ? you ? or ? someone ? you ? know ? has ? or ? had ? cancer . ? My ? wish ? is ? that ? in ? 2010 ? a ? cure ? will ? be ? found . ? Will ? you ? post ? it ? for ? just ? one ? hour ? DO IT FOR ME 
to Pine hill folks : Basic CPR class is Saturday from 9-12 in the church basement , I have a couple of spots still open if you want to join . Lets fellowship , have fun and learn something usefull 
work , work , work all day long 
Camp < PROPMALE > Here is a request that could really help the camp out in a big way . Presently the camp has about 18 horses to take care of . We are looking for people who would be willing to donate or give camp a great price on hay . If you have any contacts make sure to make this need known . We would be willing to travel a considerable distance if it were free . 
I am so very very sleepy , when will this week end 
Let's chug on over to mamby pamby land , where maybe we can find some self confidence for you , you < PROPFIRST > wagon ! 
I wish heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again . Thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , & days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories & a picture in a frame . Your memory is ... a keepsake , from which I'll never part . . God has you in His arms , I have you forever in my heart . Re-post if you love someone in heaven ?. 
My poor kid , mean ol ' nurse practioner put him on crutches ! till at least Monday 
< PROPFIRST > does have a stress fracture . good thing is that he is getting an air cast this morning then off to his first day of school with NO crutches !!!!! 
this time of the morning is so very peaceful . Hope everyone has a great day 
Saw a double rainbow on the way to church tonight . Could even see the end of it touching the ground ! Bad luck was that every time I moved so did the end ofthe rainbow 
Had a great date with my dad ! 
Lets go to work , everyone have a great day ! 
oh how I wish I could find the source of squeeking in my living room !!!!! 
Oh wise people of the world , how do I make a kid that doesn't want to talk , talk ( just so I can hear ) and hush when he needs to hush . Grrrrrrr 
good morning face book friends !!!! this is a wonderful day !!!!! 
brick walls are there for a reason : They let us prove how badly we want things 
thinks that the Left Behind movies are ........ Awesome !!!!!!! 
OK my nsg instructor friends , how much time should I set aside to grade 8 care plans , and data sheets . Just wondering ! :) 
is taking a pole . Between verizon and sprint users . How do you like your service and your smart phone . what kind of smart phone do you recomend . I want to get my emails ( can I get 3 different email address sent to it ) surf , etc . < PROPFIRST > wants a cool toy to watch movies on and play with free apps ( which I would like that too ) 
is thinking nap ? or grade papers ? or go outside ? I really like the outside :] 
The only time any body has the right to look down on somebody else is when they are helping them to get up . 
Hello , facebook friends ! 
ewww , my aching head and belly :{ 
been up for 2 hours , and now so very ready for a nap , but gotta go to work :) 
grading papers and listening to music . People say music doesn't affect you . Bwahaha ! Listening to country on the TV , so sad started wanting a cigarette and a beer . I don't do either one . But now I am listening to sirus praise , but in need of a radio to listen to Klove , so lets have church ! and remember to be careful what you let yourself listen to 
lovin ' the mountains ! <3 Good to be home 
got the best surprise today . < PROPFIRST > didn't come to Cumberland with me , had to stay home and nurse a sick dog . Boy was I < PROPFEMALE > excited/surprised when he < PROPFIRST > up in the driveway . I love my wonderful husband <3 <3 <3 
poor ol'Chris . his 2nd and 3rd toes are red , purple and swollen and hurting . I told him that is what he gets for trying to kick my butt 
cant breathe , have already taken two naps tonight and trying to grade a care plan then back to bed for me ugh :( 
Love watching my husband and dad working together !! :) 
Please be praying for < PROPFIRST > Scalf ... son of < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Scalf ... he is in Central Baptist ... unresponsive ... in diabetic coma . 
for my nurse friends looking for a job in < PROPFEMALE > Co . --------- https://performancemanager4.successfactors.com/career?_s.crb=uYsk8B2dtQtmPfQxlG3dl4YEE3I%253d 
I know there is something I am supposed to do today , but what is it ? That is the question of the day 
Join the fight against child abuse , Change your default facebook picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on facebook until Monday 
Christmas\ 
season is in full swing . I'm inviting all my Facebook family and \ 
friends to join me in returning to the traditional greeting of \MERRY \ 
yum yum hot spiced apple cider 
how funny that the phone company can NOT fix the enormous text charges that < PROPFIRST > procured for the previous < PROPMALE > . That is untill I say take it off my < PROPMALE > or disconnect our 3 lines , then it is no longer against company policy but is a sudden customer service . 
All of my appointments/mtgs have been cancelled . Oh what to do ........ Oh yeah I have a ton of inservices to do on line !!!! At least I can do them in my PJ's 
hate hate hate online power points . It is 90% listening to her read them to me , but I have to listen because of the other 10% ..... did I mention there is a low hummm in the background ugh ! 
whoohooo ! Woot ! Woot ! Done with my inservices !!!! At least the ones for home health :) 
where did my friends status updates option go ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!! 
I love my Christmas presents , but the best of all is spending time with family <3 
Aww , slowly slipping into the abyss that my cold medicine is supplying . I hope I can sleep laying down tonight . \ 
Had a great Christmas enjoyed seeing my Collins and Morrow family 
oh when will my voice come back and the pain go away !!!!!!! 
Zoomba was awesome ! I haven't laughed that hard in a long time 
WII fit age : 51 ! What !?! That is gonna have to change , just worked with the yoga and balance games . 
ACCHOO !!!........? (- ??? • ? ) ?....... Sniff ... Sniff ...... Aww , man I am so sorry , I forgot to tell you I am allergic to bullcrap . \ 
Bwahahahahaha :) 
I was made for more than to be stuck in a vicious cycle of defeat . \ 
Deuteronomy 2:3 , “You have circled this mountain long enough . Now turn north . ” 
I am bored , guess I will go get ready for work . How are the roads in Richmond 
OK ... I need to make up my mind . My boss calls says \we don't need you tomorrow\ " then I am all sad cause I was looking forward to work . Then she calls back and she needs me tomorrow now I am like all sad cause I don't want to get up early in the morning . I need help ! " 
Snow is pouring down in Danville ! 
care plans ! Ugh ! Enough said 
