I miss you facebook . 

College takes too much time . Why did no one tell me that 4 classes in summer was like taking 8 classes in fall ? 
Summer Semester Is Over ! I get like a whole week off before fall starts . 
< PROPMALE > is off and away to his very first day at pre-k !!!!!! 
Success ! < PROPMALE > wants to go back to school tomorrow . 
I don't wanna go to college anymore ! 
I Facebook , therefore I am . 
Almost done shopping . . . but not quite . 
Facebook is more fun when I'm procrastinating . 
My daughter is hugely manipulative . She asks for a hug when she doesn't want to do something right away . She's too smart . I'm scared , she's only 2 1/2 . 
Hello Facebook world . How have you been ? 
I GOT IN THE NURSING PROGRAM !!!! ;) 
Maymester ... Why ? I need a break . Someone . . . anyone . . . Help ! 
So , new phone with keyboard . I feel like I have grotequely large thumbs . 
Packing . . . 
IGNORE ANYTHING THAT SOUNDS FREE FROM ME . Somehow my facebook account decided to SPAM everyone on the planet !!! 
I have decided that I need to actually study this semester instead of feeling like these classes are cutting into my porch time . Almost to my < PROPMALE > ... 
About to take the kids to macon state . . . What am I thinking ? 
My kids are super disappointed with the current standard of the toys in kid's meals . They refuse to join team < PROPFIRST > or team werewolf Guy . 
Thursday night is my Friday night . TGIT ! 
headed out with the family . Mexican again and then khaki shopping at Kohl's . 
Trying to read my Hooker book for school . 
Gonna watch < PROPMALE > and true blood live since my Cox dvr eats shows . Why am I paying extra for this crap ? Dear Santa : for Christmas in July I want a new HD TiVo ! 
@ < PROPFIRST > Kaase or another TiVo would make a lovely 11th anniversary gift . Isn't 11 the awesome electronic one ? 
Why are my kids so in Love with the old < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > cartoons ? 
Finished my silly book . Now all I have to do is write like ten pages on the thing by tomorrow morning . All-nighter anyone ? 
All-nighter hangover . I need nap ! Classes till ten tonight . I'm never gonna make it . 
Sooooo . What are we doing tonight ? 
OK . I've just spent a half hour watering the plants . It should start raining any minute now . 
The sun is coming up and I am going to bed . 
Why am I the only one that ever posts at this crazy late/early time of day ? 
Subdued 
11 caterpillars +2 parsley plants / 2 days = another trip to walmart . 
Oh . Bother . 
Texting my husband while sitting next to him on the couch . What is the world coming to ? 
Going for an all-star at WaHo hashbrowns instead of grits scrambled with sausage . 
Coffee AND coke ?!? 
Tomorrow is strawberry day at my house . Everybody get excited . 
Heading to the dollar store . 
Strawberry production line has officially begun . Anyone that loves me feel free to come save me . 
Let the medieval adventure commence !!! 
had quite a medieval time !!! So excited about sleep . 
Mini vacations are so exhausting . I need a real one . 
My kids insist on being addressed as my lord and my lady . 
OK I'm officially putting the word out : I need strawberry volunteers tonight . 
Where is the love ? 
Party was a strawberry success . 
OK . I'll study for my last final now . 
I think the aliens have slowed the internet . 
Worms , bugs , starfish , fish . College is dumb . 
OMG used last piece of paper from my clipboard taking notes for my last final . 
Have to go to bed so I can do nursey CPR training tomorrow . Intimidated and excited . I will finally learn something useful in college . 
I now know CPR . It's about time . 
I think I'm sore . I saved a lot of plastic lives today . 
Pick up line at < PROPFIRST > 2 . Sigh . 
After working I have the munchies . But < PROPFIRST > wouldn't approve so I shall abstain . 
Family field trip to college book store . 
Drinking water . 
2 more butterflies were released with much fanfare today . 
Nothing inspires me to study like my bank account balance . 
I survived the first day of nursing school ( although I'm still in recovery) ! I learned about a million things that can get me kicked out of nursing . . . FOREVER 
Gets to dress like a giant marshmallow tomorrow . 
This week has been like walking through a mine field . I'm so glad it's finally over ! 
I am ridiculously sick with a cold . Wondering if . make a Dr appointment or just ask my teachers on Mon . 
Hanging in there . Medicine head has made it nearly impossible to concentrate on what I need to study . Super focused on random junk . Grout wallpaper cobwebs etc 
Hey . I checked Facebook ! 
It's Sunday night . Guess it's time to start on my mound of homework . 
Big nursey day tomorrow/today . Wish me luck ! 
I was so winning at wii just dance until . . . Step by step NKOTB . < PROPMALE > killed it ! 
I need a good name for an orange , girl kitten . Runt of litter . Suggestions please . 
Normal people are sleeping and I am dancing with my wii . I used to be normal . I swear it ! 
Back to school tomorrow . But only a half day . I almost feel ready to go back . Lovely , lovely holiday . 
Being sick didn't kill me , but I'm afraid all this make up work just might ! 
HIPAA prevents me from saying how I really feel . ( There ) 
To all the people I used to < PROPFEMALE > out with : This weekend . Something cool should happen ! There will be cocktails . You can hash out the details . 
Today I learned that as long as you fail SPECTACULARLY everything turns out alright . 
Man , Obama is a Facebook hog ! 
Dine in or take out ? 
Is this week over yet ? 
Glee : < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > \ . . . a female football coach like a male nurse . . . sin against nature . \"" 
RIDICULOUS FACEBOOK GAME : ok went to the store today and came back with an impulse purchase . Whoever can guess what it is gets a venti whatever from Starbucks . 
I fed my kids the least terrible of the super-busy-mom foods : the Turkey potpie . 
I like it on the kitchen barstool . 
I'm taking this \Fall Break\ " thing a little too seriously . " 
ok . everybody wish me luck on getting out of the house at 5:30 ( that's AM ! ) tomorrow . 
I got a Drastic hair cut today . 
I may be slowly losing my mind today . 
Set up a tent in the backyard and watched a silly movie outside . I love my silly family ! ( And my indulgent husband especially ! ) 
Still eating . Happy Thanksgiving everybody !!! 
I couldn't take it anymore . I had to bake some cookies . ( All the silly Christmas commercials got to me ! ) 
Omg . I'm at f-ing asylum . I have been dancing nonstop . Every time somebody tries to steal me , my hubby grabs me back . Its silly-sweet . 
Last night was great ! But , I am so sore ! Dancing in heels all night . Maybe doing that once a year IS enough . I did prove that I don't need to drink to get on a table and dance :) < PROPMALE > and I played with the breathalyzer : < PROPMALE > 0 . 095 , me 0.025 . < PROPFEMALE > wins ! 
Bing Crosby . < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . * sigh * I love old , classy movies ! White Christmas is coming on again . 
After a horrendous stomach virus laid my family low , < PROPMALE>'s actual birthday , and my mom's surprise retirement party : I have one day to create a < PROPFIRST > party . Wish me luck ! 
Off to another Xmas party . When am I supposed to get anything done ?! 
Help ! What would < PROPFEMALE > do ?!?! < PROPMALE > wants < PROPFEMALE > to make him smarter for Christmas ! Do I go the magic route or the hardworking ? 
< PROPMALE > wanted to leave a carrot for the reindeer . So , of course , I gnawed on the carrot . 
< PROPFEMALE > is finally done over here ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and to all a good night ! 
It's snowing ! 
Only been to one class - for 12 hours this week ! Both times ran long . I have to do more in one week then I used to have to do for a whole semester in some classes . Next week I'll also get to go to the \hard\ " class . * sigh * That's ok . I'm gonna kill it ! " 
Ok everybody . Hurry to the store and buy milk and bread for no reason . 
When things are going great , I can't seem to keep that spongebob song \best day ever\ " out of my head . " 
It's not the caffeine in the coffee that keeps me awake . It's the maintenance . 
Whole family is sick . Aaarrrgghh ! I am popping VitC and fighting it back . Tomorrow , I will need a life-line ! 
Just got done at the movie theater . Went to go see tangled . Now I'm waiting patiently outside the men's room for < PROPMALE > . How long can it take a boy to pee ? 
Beat < PROPMALE > 20-10 at just dance . It is a testimony to our marraige that he indulged me for so long ! 
I should sleep , or study , or study the other thing . . . or the other other thing , or get my stuff ready for tomorrow , or . . . I am paralyzed by apathy . 
TGIF ! So glad this week is over . I think this calls for a drunken dance party ! ( Well , maybe just tipsy . ) 
