R.I.P. MJ you will be missed !!!! 

did nebody see a schedule for fine arts ??? I kinda wanna know what day I'm performing ... :/ 
doin nothin tomorrow ... nebody wanna do something ??? 
Just got back from < PROPMALE > and NATLS :) singing went well and got complements all around , but still messed up a bit ... bummed but I'll get over it :/ 
got my schedule ... now I got nothin to do ... * tear * 
just picked up a job application for gamestop !!! :) 
how was everyone's first day .... now watching episode 1 on spike 
fruit loops w/marshmallows for breakfast !!! yummy !!! :) ( : 
Powerful message tonight !!! It was AMAZING !!! MAKE WAR !!!! 
test in spradling ... range ... then gyc and with this weather , it looks to be a really good day ! :) 
took a nap today feeling fine ... woke up with a headache ... tell me how that works .... 
just another monday .... so , yea ... It sucked !!! 
today was pretty good ... that assembly was a giant waste of time though .... 
finished KH !!! now I need to destroy mission mode !!! 
you both ... think you can do whatever you want . I'm sick of it !.... So you just keep on running ... Just remember ! I'll always be there to bring you back ! -Axel 
Gonna < PROPFEMALE > out with those \Wild Things\ " @ < PROPMALE > Park Cinemas @ 12:15 ... meet me there ... it gonna b a great movie !!! :) " 
GO GATORS !!!!!!!!!!!! 
bored ... Halloween tomorrow 
Nov 1st already !!! I can't believe it !!! photo shoot today ... then acting for singers ... 
I have strep throat ... this sucks !!! I feel aweful and I'm not allowed to do anything !!! 
just woke up ... nothin on tv ... time for a nap ... 
all 3 parts of \the godfather\ " on amc tonight ... almost to part 2 .... " 
school tomorrow ..... * sigh * back to the old grind stone and time to find a mountain and then some of make-up work ... 
I bet I know @ least 10 kids who won't be @ school tomorrow because of COD4 : MWF2 ... 
essay writing time ... bleh :P 
home .... 
YAY !!! got my computer back from the computer guys ... so now It's clean and running sooooo much faster !!!! :) 
bah-na-na-na-na-na-na-na nah-na-na-na-na-na-na-na nah-na-na-na-na-na-na-na ..... BATMAN !!!!!!!!! 
Go Gators ...... :( 4th quarter .... but still .... GO GATORS !!!!!!!! 
Ahhhhhh ... I LOVE lazy days :) curled up on the couch watching tv .... what a wonderful day !!! :D 
today was good ... boring ... but it was ok ... 
Nightmare Before Christmas on Disney channel starting @ 8 !!! :) 
Today , after going to the ATM , i asked my friends if they knew why ATMs had headphone jacks . My one friends response ? \For the deaf people\ " . She was completely serious . Glad to know i have intelligent friends . MLIA " 
Today , I babysat a boy who was telling me about the girls who liked him . He said that he would never date this one girl because she liked < PROPFEMALE > Montana . I gave him < PROPFEMALE > as positive reinforcement . MLIA . 
Today I went to see New < PROPFEMALE > . Every time < PROPMALE > Black took his shirt off ( which was most of the time ) , everybody screamed their little teenage girl hearts out . The one time < PROPFIRST > took his shirt off , the theater was dead silent , except for one girl who said \EW . \ " I laughed . MLIA . " 
Yesterday I was walking to my first hour at school when all of a sudden I saw a boy who was pretending to gallop down the hallway while another boy followed him with actual coconuts making hoof noises ... I love my school . MLIA 
Yesterday in my college English class , some guy in the back of the class began talking about how much he hated Twilight . Our whole class and our professor agreed . The same guy then went on to say he hated < PROPMALE > Potter too . My English professor picked up his pen and yelled \CRUCIO ! \ " I gasped and said it was unforgivable . He gave me five extra points on the next test so I didn't think any less of him . Apology accepted " 
Today , my daughter and I were trying to see if we could name an animal for every letter of the alphabet . We were stuck on x and u when we decided x could be xenophyllis from < PROPMALE > Potter . At 4 in the morning she runs into my room and screams , \UNICORN\ " and runs back to bed . MLIA " 
Today I looked through an old book bag in hopes off finding money . Instead I found eight < PROPFEMALE > sticks and a handful of neon band-aids . Close enough . MLIA 
I'm absolutely EXTATIC !!!!!! She's coming down next week !!!! :D 
Only a few more days !!!!! So excited !!!!!! 
SHE'S HERE !!!!!! I'm so happy :D I saw her today for the first time and I'm on top of the world !!!!! :D 
How strange is it to be a singer , and every time you get sick , it's only something that attacks your voice ... It's rediculous !!! I can't tell anybody anything without wanting to sign it ( though nobody I know can read my signs ) or write it down simply because it hurts to talk ... I know ... woe is me , and I'll get over it , but I just wish it'd hurry up and give me back my voice ... >:( 
eh ..... back to schooo n 1 mo day ...... 
you just got hacked by < PROPFEMALE > ! haha I love you . <3 
< PROPFEMALE > says : I miss you . :P 
sssssssssooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbboooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooorrrrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd 
ah ... January = 4 day weeks all month :) 
http://psp.ign.com/articles/102/1028469p1.html 
For Everyone That Loves Spyro The Dragon ... There Is A Movie Coming Out For It ... The First Spyro Movie EVER ... And ... Elijah Wood Is Playing Spyro 
AVATAR in 3-D .... last night .... all I have to say .... :D 
Nerd math rules !!!! and the only math problem that matters is : \Wars > Trek\ " I LOVE Nerd math " 
It's saturday night ... I just got home ... and now , I'm bored .... wishing I could've gone to dad's this weekend ... 
brand new computer !!!!! :D I love it sooo much !!! runs windows 7 and is fast as all get out :D 
4 day weekend ... :D 
It's cold ... I hate the cold !!!! THIS IS FLORIDA !!! (kick ) and florida is either warm and comfortable or super hot !!! could we @ least have one full week of pleaseant weather ??? please ??? 
ah ... nice warm weather ... Oh , How I've missed you so !!! 
The Grand Essentials of happiness are : 1 . something to do , 2 . something to love , and 3 . something to hope for . 
gettin ready for the big gig !!! starts @ 7:00 !!! :) can't wait !!! 
ah ... FCAT Week :) this time I'm happy it's here ... cuz that means no school !!! 
yes !!! finished w/ Watts ' egg-drop project !!! now on to Spradaddy's and Simpson's review sheets ... exams on Wednesday 
ah , got back into town last night around 2:30 am . LOL had a great time in texas misses everyone already !!! 
My laundry detergent smells like gummy bears !!! Can't wait !!!! Prom Tonight !!!! :D 
WOW ! That's all I can say :) Had to be one of the GREATEST nights of my life :D 
Well , back to school ....... 
May the Fourth be with you .... always 
\ ... Attatchment leads to jealousy ... the shadow of greed that is . Train yourself to let go of everything you fear to lose ... \ " - Yoda " 
\a jedi uses the force for knowledge and defense ... never attack ! \ " -Yoda " 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7-bIhCBSrzU&feature=related 
\Wearing the mask for so long .... throw down your fears and guide the strength that lies within ... We always have to sail on \"" 
bored ... 
I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > , AND TO THE REPUBLIC FOR WHICH IT STANDS : ONE NATION UNDER GOD , INDIVISIBLE , WITH < PROPFEMALE > AND JUSTICE FOR ALL . Repost if you think our COUNTRY and our FLAG deserve RESPECT ! Let's see how many < PROPFEMALE > NS will repost . 
Can't wait for friday !!!! O2B Here I come !!!! 
WOW ! Today was ABSOLUTELY AMAZING !!! The deaf and hard of hearing kids from Norton Elementary were sooo cool today ! Thank you O2B Kids for allowing us to have a good time spaeking and signing with our new elementary school friends !!! Wow ! 
only a couple more weeks of school left ! It's soooo close , but it's still so far off !!!! I can't wait for summer to be here 
Riddle of the day : I cannot be felt , seen or touched ; \ 
Yet I can be found in everybody ; \ 
My existence is always in debate ; \ 
Yet I have my own style of music . \ 
What Am I ? 
the last week of school ... DO YOU HEAR ME ??!!! It's the LAST WEEK of SCHOOL !!! I can't wait ! summer is just 5 days away ... 3 of which , are short days !!! Senior Year Here I come , C/O 2011 !!!!!! 
Narwhal Vs . Giant Squid .... who will win ??? 
Ouch !!!! Jus took my first two exams ... Hardest exams I have to take all year , I feel like I've just taken a beating !!!! but at least the next two days involve 1 exam , 1 lesson test , and everything else is a breeze !!!! oh , the hardest part is over !!!! Summer is here !!! :D 
Aaaaahhhhhhh ...... summer is finally here , I'm out of school and can't wait to get this summer started !!! game night tonight @ 8 , youth service sunday night , can't wait :D 
can't believe I missed the leadup to E3 last night on spike !!!! I missed some great game trailers !!!! some that I've been looking forward to , CRAP !!!! 
Ok , well , just found the new trailers that I missed last night , and let me say , I'm sooo excited for E3 !!! force unleashed 2 , Madden 2011 , Killzone 3 , Dead space 2 , the Old Republic , AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH !!!! It's too much !!! I'm gonna esplode from sheer excitement !!!!! 
\Even when all seems random 
\We're Vikings ... It's an occupational hazzard ! \"- how to train your dragon " 
4 days ... can't wait !!! 
ok ... what is wrong with facebook . Why is it that everytime you think you know what you're doing on here , the people who created this junk keep changing crap ! I mean seriously , when you have something that your consumers are satisfied with . DON't change it , especially if it's simple and convenient . I wonder about some people and if it's their life's work to mess with people's lives just to make them angry . GRRRRR !!! 
ok , thank you facebook , all is forgiven ... 3 more days :D 
It's summer ... could I have at least 1 week of sunshine , please ???? 
Thank you everybody for the warm birfday wishes :) They made my day :D 
Yesterday was AMAZING !!! Thank you to everyone for making yesterday a day to remember :) 
Wow ! This weekend has started off with a blast , and should lead on to a great week @ camp :) First , the birthday @ game night , then today , I have an awesome lunch w/ < PROPMALE > colt , and < PROPFIRST > . And for dinner , Crab legs , shrimp , potatoes , corn on the cob , and lots and lots of butter :) with peach cobbler for dessert 
Just got back from camp today !!! :D soooooo much fun :) I know the boys had as much fun as I did !!! being a councelor in training/rec staff was so much fun , the guys were AMAZING and I'm so proud of them :) can't wait to do it again .... 
Just got home from Toy Story 3 .... I cried a little @ the end ... it was a bitter-sweet yet fitting ending to the best series of kids movies ever made :) 
got rained out of fireworks last night @ UF , now hoping some fireworks will work and some fun will be had in Jax tonight Happy 4th of JULY 
just got home from fireworks @ downtown Jax , they were pretty cool , got to spend time with some of the family , that was cool too , but on the way home we got to listen to nothing but great music on the radio , now THAT , was cool ... ok , well , I'm bored and heading off to bed ... good 4th of july HAPPY INDEPENDENCE DAY to everyone 
I would If I could , but I can't so , I won't 
Just got back from getting senior pictures , and things went great !!! Can't wait to see how they turned out :) the rest of the day should just get better from here :D 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are getting back tomorrow , should b fun to see how they liked camp , so we can do some story swapping ... :) 
Great weekend !!! :) had a great time @ dad's , now , time to play some video games , and hopefully will spend time with some friends in these coming weeks ... getting tired of staying home and doing nothing ... 
Nothing better than the first sip of an ice cold monster !!! :D 
Five Guys Burgers !!! :D Yum !!!!! New one on archer road ... and It is AMAZING !!!! :D 
\A word to the wise ain't necessary - it's the stupid ones that need the advice\ " - < PROPMALE > Cosby " 
\A sense of humor ... is needed armor . Joy in one's heart and some laughter on one's lips is a sign that the person down deep has a pretty good grasp of life . \ " - < PROPMALE > Sidey " 
\All you need is love . But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt . \"- Charles M . Schulz " 
Going to see Toy Story 3 again today @ 3:30 :) can't wait !!! 
Lt . Dan : \Thought I'd try out my sea legs . \ " Forest :\ " But you ain't got no legs Lt . Dan\ " Lt . Dan :\ " Yes .... I know that ... \"" 
Twas brillig , and the slithy toves\ 
Did gyre and gimble in the wabe :\ 
All mimsy were the borogoves , \ 
And the mome raths outgrabe . 
\A man who carries a cat by the tail learns something he can learn in no other way . \"- Mark Twain " 
\Anyone who thinks there's safety in < PROPFIRST > hasn't looked at the stock market pages . \ " \ 
Wow ! go figure .... Friday the 13th , It's been raining all day , and all the kids are @ each other's throats because of cabin fever !!!! ugh ... at least ginga's off so I can stop listening to it in my room lol :) ah , well , school is here in a little more than a week ... where did my last summer go ??? 
OMGoodness !!!!!! The Original Mighty Morphin Power Rangers are on ABC !!! I'm feeling a little nostalgic ... I miss the good old days lol :) 
I get to end every day w/my three favorite classes !!! 4th period I've got Watts , 5th I've got Lacombe , and 6th I've got Mr. Owens !!!! Gonna be a great year !!!! people from GHS , we need to compare schedules !!! 
School tomorrow .... now I just have to remember to set an alarm and go to bed ... early ... 
\I looked up my family tree and found out I was the sap . \ " \ 
Had a great day @ < PROPMALE>'s today :) the slides were awesome , but they tore up my tailbone ... It hurts to sit down ... the zip lines , mud fights , and swimming across the river !!! gonna be some great memories :) 
Gonna be a great day ! I can feel it ! Church , mom's , then Drama practice , and tomorrow is labor day :D 
It has been a perfect day for me :) I love my new toys !!! :) 
Wow ! Friday already , can't believe it . Just a few hours of school left and then it'll be the weekend once again !!!! 
Met Axel's other in KH : BBS , and it was awesome !!!! I love this game !!!!! 
Great Weekend ahead !!! Can't wait ! 
I wonder if anyone else is dressing up for spirit week .... If I go to school and nobody decided to dress up , I'm gonna feel like an idiot !!! 
Wow ! Some school spirit we must have to get spirit week canceled .... bummer ... was really looking forward to the next couple of dress-up days ... oh , well there ya go .... 
Scanning old pictures for the sign language project coming up soon ... Feeling a bit nostalgic ... :) 
Education is what remains after one has forgotten everything he learned in school . ~ Albert Einstein 
Grrrr .... really wanna go to sleep now ... Gotta stay up and wait for the boys to get back in town so i can pick them up ... Got KH:BBS's final boss on < PROPFEMALE>'s story line to his last bar of health , and almost had him beat , had my camera not started spinning again ... I guess I will try again ... 
Today was pretty much a perfect day . Wake up , beat < PROPFEMALE>'s story line in KH : BBS , ate < PROPMALE > hnuts and pizza while watching the last few episodes of red v . blue , got a hair-cut and talked w/ < PROPFEMALE > while he got his , went dog-sitting :) , and then went to the corn maze and ran into < PROPMALE > there , which was an awesome surprise !!! :) 
If the only tool you have is a hammer , you tend to see every problem as a nail . — < PROPMALE > Maslow 
The Sunday School Teacher asks , “Now , < PROPFIRST > , tell me frankly , do you say prayers before eating ? ”\ 
“No sir , ” little < PROPFIRST > replies , “I don’t have to . My mom is a good cook . ” 
“Politicians are like diapers . They both need changing regularly and for the same reason . ” \ 
-- Anonymous 
Wizard of Oz auditions were AWESOME today :) got a call-back ! Can't wait for tomorrow !!! :D 
Got a phone call today ... Guess who the tinman is for the Wizard of Oz @ school ... just guess :) 
Happy Monday everybody !!! :/ I wanna go back to sleep .... I hate mondays ..... 
So ... just got my halloween costume :) Thank you to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Henagan . :) Can't wait for Halloween !!! 5 days !!! :D 
finally able to get online ... Internet been down for a while , and I'm glad to be back . Halloween was great ! had a great time @ GCOG's Fall Festival ! < PROPMALE > was a hit ! :) 
Remember remember the 5th of november , the gunpowder , treason and plot . I know of no reason why the gunpowder teason should ever be forgot . 
“To err is human ; to blame it on somebody else is even more human . ”\ 
-- < PROPFIRST > Nadeau 
Couldn't find a cool quote , so I guess I'll put a real status update :) Districts were AMAZING !!! I'm still kinda tired , but that's fine , Wizard of Oz meeting @ 6:30 ! Can't wait ! This is gonna be great ! Tinman here I come :) 
At the request of a facebook friend - We are asking everyone to say a prayer for \Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion 5th Marines and their families . Theyare fighting it out in Afghanistan and have lost 9 Marines in 4days . Please re-post this . IT WOULD BE NICE TO SEE ON ...... EVERYONE'S ....... WALL .. If only for an hour !!! " 
You what's wierd ? How you always seem to run into somebody you know at either a Publix or a Walmart ... My problem ... I'm usually stuffing my face when I run into the people I know ... lol :/ Today it just happened to be McDonalds ... lol 
Just a week and a half left .... Can't wait ... Already tired of this cold weather ... Florida is supposed to be warm ... 
The nerve of those Whos . Inviting me down there - on such short notice ! Even if I wanted to go my schedule wouldn't allow it . 4:00 , wallow in self pity ; 4:30 , stare into the abyss ; 5:00 , solve world hunger , tell no one ; 5:30 , jazzercize ; 6:30 , dinner with me - I can't cancel that again ; 7:00 , wrestle with my self-loathing ... I'm booked . 
HEY !!!!!!! HHHHHHEEEEEEEEYYYYYYY !!!!!!!! WAKE UP ! WAKE UP !!! ( starts jumping on parents bed ) IT's CHRISTMAS !!!!!!!! GET UP !! GET UP !!! GET UP !!!!! \ 
parents : SON !!!! it's only 12:01 .... go back to bed !!!!!! 
\do not deny the classical approach simply as a reaction or you will have created another pattern and trapped yourself there . \"- Bruce < PROPFIRST > " 
Had the most amazing night last night with the GHS drama classes and my troupe 3614 ! Great night and awesome after celebration @ IHOP !!!!! :D 
Awesome time camping w/Dakota and his family . Great drama pactice and small group meeting . car won't b working like I thought it would . :( But awesome conversation to end my small group meeting ... Intellectual conversations are so few and far between , but when they happen they blow your mind fill you with so much philosophical meaning that you just are overwhelmed . my brain is happy with new things to think about :) 
I .... Gott fevah .... ( lip quiver ) and the only pahscription ...... is more cowbell !!! 
The batmobile is up and running finally :D I'm so excited !!!! My first day driving to school !!!! 
I'm I the only one who is hating this halftime show ??? The black eyed peas just sound aweful tonight ... don't know what it is ... even Fergie who normally sounds pretty good just sounds terrible ... even when slash came out ... just wasn't worth watching 
Amazing Lock-in , Amazing weekend , Amazing cast , Amazing people !!! I loved the lock-in ! Set construction was awesome ! more in a couple of hours ... Then small groups !!! After that , I'm going to crawl into bed and crash until I have to get up tomorrow ... :D 
Dress Rehearsal tonight @ 6 . Opening night is tomorrow ... The Wizard of Oz is going to be AMAZING !!!! Everyone Should come out and see it . Wed-Fri 7:00 pm and Saturday @ 2:00 and 7:00 pm . We've put our blood , sweat , and awkward moments into this show , and It's going to be great ! :D 
AMAZING !!!! Absolutely AMAZING !!!! I LOVE Cast and Crew of GHS Wizard of Oz for making this the most incredible experience ! Tonight was so good guys ! Thank you to all of our tech , crew , and cast !!! :D You guys have made this the best week of my life so far ... I'll b sad when its over . 
I can't believe its over ... started crying during curtain call last night . This was the greatest experience of my life so far , and its so sad because it is my first , and last show ever at GHS ... Thank you to everybody who came out to see the show , and everyone , who couldn't make it , but were there in spirit :) You guys make my life amazing ! 2 weeks til state !!!! :D 
bags are packed , money is payed , freshly shaven , hot shower , and I get to sleep in ... have been waiting for this day for sooo long ! State Thespian Competition 2011 here I come !!!!!! So many things that I can't wait to learn and try ! Have heard so many good things and can't wait to experience them for myself ! It's finally here ! 
WOW ! I am so glad to be home , but its bittersweet because state was just so amazing ! I will never forget it ! :D I love Drama Kids !!!! :) 
\Let's do the TIME WARP AGAIN !!! \"" 
Anyone want to go see \spelling bee\ " with me this week ??? " 
Finally !!!!! I can now listen to music AND drive !!! at the SAME TIME !!! Thank you < PROPFIRST > W . Carpenter II for installing this radio in my car :D and thank you < PROPMALE > Henrikson and Skylar Fowler for keeping us company and making us laugh !!! :) 
Of all tyrannies , one sincerely exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive . It would be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies . The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep , his cupidity may at some point be satiated but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end for they do so with the approval of their own conscience . - C . S . < PROPFIRST > 
