Happy New Year ! everone hopefully it'll be a better one . 

I'm just tired . But happy my BF is home and doing well 
nice remote monitoring , it does have a useful purpose 
it's HERE ! let the festivities begin 
Daddy shakin his boots 
slammin somre brown's 
i can't believe those idiots on comedy central caved in and cancelled his show 
aahhhh now that the rub is finally done , beef brisket in the smoker for the next 6 1/2 hrs . then the coals for 1hr . Good eats before a night out ! 
brisket out of the smoker , now wrapped in applewood smoked bacon and a shot or two of kentucky bourbon and on the coals for an hour or two . 
brisket outta the coals and in my belly now . very tender and tasty ! not bad for the 1rst time 
is it the weekend yet ? 
I'm stuck in the same boat as Dj so no fun for me 
It was definately a good day , got to go have breakfast and visit with < PROPFEMALE > today . It's nice to see her getting around so well . 
yeah well i say let it snow ! 
thank's to < PROPFIRST > for becoming a part of my online jungle ! 
yeah this new shizzo is going to take a little to get use to 
Okay who broke the Farkle game ? 
aaagghhhh !!! that is what's on my mind right now at work 
Is it time to go home yet ? 
going out on the ice hoping to put more in the freezer 
knowing that no matter what life throws at you , there is always someone there for you . 
It's race day , Who's gonna cheer when < PROPMALE > has a date with the wall ??? 
what's for dinner ? 
it's cold out , a few of theese will warm anybody up 
it's been a long day , time for bed 
is it 1800hrs . yet 
still bored , now i'm ready for some brown 
for everyone that's actually on here have a great 2 days off ( if you actually got them ) 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ! bitch ! 
sure is a nice day , .... 
can't wait to have my partner back 
chillinin the snow 
another day in the box ! 
3-4 GLASSES OF cANADIAN CLUB 12yr makes work bearable 
let the running around start ! 
it was a nice dinner eating seafood with < PROPFEMALE > & my neighbor < PROPMALE > 
angels & demons ...... hhhmmmmmmm !! 
running the \studded tire\ " and it's a good thing ! " 
Bed time ! 
Back in the cell 
Coffee with < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPMALE > , and scouting the woods 
time to go to bed until the next bonus ! 
whatching the clock tick life away 
not really giving a f about ????? 
it's a new day , let's see what it brings 
lot's of running around , and spending the day with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
another round of blah blah blah 
Go in peace my brothers ........... 
Might as well snow now , gotta work all weekend 
can't love the one you want , love the one your'e with , yeah right whatever ! 
Jericho anyone ? 
So do we even have a constitution anymore ? 
remember , are forefathers once took up arms to escape oppression ! 
Surgery went well , < PROPFEMALE > sore but home in bed . 
back in the grind 
hangin with my favorite people , and enjoying the ambiance of the moment 
Hotel room service , is on my mind ! heh heh 
meet me in the motel room 
brewing up a batch of seafood gumbo today 
gumbo was great , now it's back to hotel room serice 
Chasing deadlines 
gone fishing on the menomie & bay 
Happy Easter ! 
i hate the wind 
Sweet , almost like a < PROPFEMALE > pot ..... but not as satisfying 
chillin , while i watch the snow melt 
stocked up the bar , maybe i'll have some company ????? 
bonfires are the greatest thing for relaxations ! drinks don't hurt either 
can i get some room service ? 
now have in the garage , ( man cave ) 
what's on my mind ? Some F'in hotel room service , beootch that's what 
foot soak then bedtime 
gettin the hair done , and hangin with < PROPFEMALE > 
it was a good day ! 
gettin my butt kicked , < PROPFEMALE>'s in fat burner mode 
spreading fertilizer in the garden , yeah 
You know someone you gonna take to the hotel room tonight , bang , frack , screw 
Another fun filled day at < PROPFEMALE>'s gettin yard work done after her last day of therapy , Yippie ! 
I need you now ! 
back to the shop , and it's < PROPFEMALE > as usual 
estatic , < PROPFEMALE>'s coming back 
weekend finally here , time for grilling , bonfires & drinking !!! whoopie !!! 
Bored , need to get a room ! 
definately time for a little hotel room service ! :-) 
What are you doing now ? sitting at work on day off 
What are you doing now ? leaving title town brewery , 2 plus 2 i'll undress you , hotel room service ! 
enjoying another lovely day at work , oh joy 
What are you doing now ? after a really good day yesterday at titletown brewery with partner , it's back the task at hand work . 
waiting for the day to end , tomorrow 
what a fucked up ending for the race , but gordin did get whacked ! hehe ! 
we need tv's at work 
beatin people who try to punk you out 
What are you doing now ? chowin wings at cliffhangers 
cleaning out the crap in the basement that hasn't moved in a year , oh joy 
wonders why people waste your time . telling you things they have no intentions on following through with ? 
another great day of fishing at the outer banks , everyone limited out in 3 1/2 hrs . smoked salmon and spread . 
fish caught , grass cut , dishes done , laundry washed and folded , i need a wife- 
Yippie best friend coming home today ! 
it wouldn't be so bad being at work , except the rain missed us and it's nice out 
sometime during the next 2 days off of tittletown and \snackpacks \"." 
just got through withba few liters at Titletown with < PROPFEMALE > , now it's time to get to work 
Happy 4th of July everyone . Oil changed on the truck , time to getting ready to enjoy the holiday festivities . 
wish it would rain all day , get rid of the humidity 
Let's see who is paying attention . Every single one of you are on my friends ' list , as a result of a conscious decision . I wanted you there . I am not only glad to count you as friends , but also family . Lets see who on my friends ' list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this as ... your ... status . I'll be watching to see who really is . 
is it ever gonna stop raining ? 
\It is not the amount of time you spend with someone that makes life better it is the someone that you spend the time with that makes life better ! \"" 
Having breakfast then , bring on the pain . < PROPFEMALE > and I are gettin inked ! 
can't wait for my 2 days off 
less than a month kids are back in school yippie ! 
iv'e figured that 90% of my so called facebook associates aren't worth it ! less than 24 hours from now you'll know who you are ! 
A loyal friend will drop everything just to help you in your time of need and never expect any thanks . 
it really sucks when people your suppose be able to trust turn out to be twofaced liars . 
It's been a really good start to the 10 day vacation spending time with family and really close friends !!! 
it's nice to be at least someone's option , sometimes . i think ???? 
time for a peacefull bonfire ! 
WTF ??????? 
And sometimes it's not about me 
Just found out my high school best friend is getting married again to a wonderful woman !!!! Lucky him , he found happiness again ! 
sweet the bar , at mt . olympus hotel rome has a smoking area . 
feeding the kids dinner in oshkosh then drop off jennas fiends and be home by 8:30 
ah home unpacked , relaxing 
best friends are like the ocean always changing becoming closer to each other and never giving up on each other i love you best friend for life :) 
i figure it this way , If your'e hiding on here , what else do you hide ? 
got a new , string free peep on the bow today , itchin for the killing to start tomorrow with early goose !! IT HAS BEGUN ! let the carnivore harvesting begin !!!!!! 
I'm here for you because you're always there for me . you're kind , loving , sweet and sometimes can be bitchy BUT nobody can come between me and my Best Friend !!! 
2 more to go , yippie ! 
New year resolution #1 - Be more tolerant of stupid people- Oops !! I mean intellectually challenged people ( this might take all year ) and i'm not doing so well ! 
No matter how many text messages you send they cannot replace the sound of your voice ! Never underestimate the power of a phone call to make someone's Day ! It's like music to the ear ! 
i hate when you try to go to bed early and can't get to sleep 
I will always be there to hold your hand in hard times ; calm you in distressed times , and offer my help even when your pride may keep you from asking for it . 
lunch at title town and a dark helmet witha growler to go 
sometimes it's hard to understand why some go through the bullshit they do in thier lives , but it is thiers to endure . I guess all i can do is be there for them . 
time for a fire before bed time ! 
Life is too short to stress yourself with people who don't even deserve to be an issue in your life .. :) 
nothing like a nice fire and drink to relax after work 
nothing like a nice fire to relax after work 
not seeing a few people for awhile , forever would be nice 
combo plate of froglegs , shrimp , and perch mmmmmmm good 
Spend time with those you love . One of these days you will say either \I wish I had\ " or \ " I am glad I did\ " . :-) " 
Good night unfair and unpredictable world ! 
Hangin with my best friend and her lovely new grand daughter ! 
passed pt . course and tac course , legs feel like noodles time to relax . Man vs . food ! 
sittin by the fire , listening to led zepplin & guns & roses 
Commando Paintball Sports Great Day of Paintball Oct 24th 9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. FREE equipment , FREE field pass , FREE air all you pay for is paint . We will also be raffling an Invert Mini ( valued at $350 ) you will receive one free raffle ticket w/ purchase of a bag of paint . We will also be having hourly door prizes . It's going to be our biggest , and best Great Day ever . Call 920-826-5554 to reserve your equipment . 
:-) 
no service in the club , kinda busy 
why does the weekend have to be over sooooo fast :-( 
sittin by a fire , havin a drink relaxing with neighbors 
seasoning my new char griller proffesional grill . 
oh and watching the game with a beer too ! 
best friends are hard to find , difficult to forget , and always by your side no matter what : ) 
had a drink with < PROPFIRST > klenke in my garage , WOW what a down to earth person ! please support on November 2 !!!!! 
Is it wrong to love your country and best friend but hate your current govt . POTUS and administration ????? 
wishing i could do more my BF 
There comes a time in your life when you realize that if don't take the opportunity to be happy , you may never get another < PROPMALE > 
Sometimes , maybe it should be about me 
It was a really good day , got to have breakfast with my closest and dearest bestfiend and spend time with her grand daughter ! 
missing my best friend , even though it's only been a few hours since i seen her : ( 
Had a good time with my Best friend , having dinner and drinks at Titletown Brewery ! Happy Birthday Luv ya to death ! 
Why does it seem like some people think that you can't tell when they are saying things they think you want to hear , might as well play the game and see what they'll say next . ;) 
why do people bother to open thier mouths , more empty promises they have no real intentions on carring through with 
I don't know what kind of friends you've had but in this circle We take care of each other , We are family with or without blood ties 
< PROPFEMALE > puts a few wrong people in your life , so when the right one comes along you'd be thankful . :) 
8hrs 30 mins . till legal shootin time . Good luck to all my huntin bretheren be safe 
What's on my mind , i really don't know anymore ..... 
Turkey all rubbed down and in the smoker , potatoes peeled , now for some cleaning 
Had an awesome day with my best friend < PROPFEMALE > and family eating and drinking ! :) 
working for < PROPFIRST > might be more fun , just sayin 
is being on standby really time off ? 
sauce cooking for lasagna tonight , laundry going and tree is up and the lights r good ! 
I like the people in my life , i just wish the ones that aren't would quit trying to force thier way into it . If I wanted you there you wouldn't be trying to to get there ! :( 
Am I coming , or going ? must be going crazy 
People come into our life for a reason , and even if only for a short time , they still helped to shape us into who we are . Thanks for being a part of mine , sometimes ! 
a nice fire and a bunch of old fashions ! 
Well nce soooo many liked my status 2 more logs on the fire , and i'll have one for my BFF , < PROPFIRST > , my long lost freind Sandra(who's a blast to be around ) and everyone else , and another for MEEEEEEEEE ! 
I hope all my friends in TR area are okay , this is one of the worst blast we've had in awhile . 
O ALL MY FACEBOOK FRIENDS : Will you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to HONOR a fallen < PROPFEMALE > who just passed away while serving our country ? Cpl . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ( USMC ) died Dec 6 while serving in Afghanistan . He leaves behind a wife and a newborn son named in his honor , who was born approx 24 hours after news of his death . Repost to honor this Hero and his family . R.I.P -RESPECT 
Should you be upset , when you find out that details of something were purposely held from you , and would it change your opinion of that person . When it was suppose to be an open honest discussion . :( 
Yeah , back to the grind of cleaning and making a pot of split pea soup with ham 
someone PLEASE turn the heat on ! 
A super fantastic day ! I got to have coffee with my best friend :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas & Happy New Year to my family , friends and associates ! :) 
A nice fire , smoked ribs , a good drink and the thought of spendinding Christmas with family and your best friend and family . Is absolutely priceless ... :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
Had a great evening with best friend and family , would post pics but left at BFF's house maybe tomorrow . :) 
Dinner , drinks and < PROPMALE > dunham with family and < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPMALE > . A great evening that ended too fast . 
Pasta salad made , time to get ready for work , :( But at least i'm employed :) 
clearing the checkpoint and the rearview mirror :) 
??? ;) 
Time for bed cuz the rest doesn't matter anymore . 
After a really good nights sleep , ready to go another 24 day cycle ! 
cut a truck load of oak up north , time to get home to get ready for work :( 
8hrs . to go , be nice if it went a little quicker :) 
Relaxed with a nice fire and a packer victory ! finished the night talking with my Bestie !!!! Awesome night ! ;) 
I am not superstitious , but this year July has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is called money bags . So Copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one who does not copy ,... will be without money . I can't let that person be ME ! What the heck might as well try 
Ever notice how some of your so called \friends \ " end up gettting what they rightfully deserve ! Now that's LOL ! ; ) " 
Shattered Dreams , sometimes you have to except when to quit . 
time for a smoke and bed before i realize ther'e more people than i thought that i dont need in y life . ; 
Time to get the smokers and grills ready , split some wood for the fire then it's all about the Packers vs . Bears game today ! Packers bringin down the house today ! 
It has begun , fire roarin , ribs & wings goin shriwp are damn good and the Packers just scored ! 
Damn , now that the Packers are goin to the Super Bowl gotta have another massive cook out & fire ... don'tcha just hate to have another party . ;) 
Sometimes one has to walk the path of life alone , because those you thought that would always be there , somehow difted off the path you all started on . :( 
If you thought cutting onions made your eye's tear up try grinding up horseraddish roots 
Driveway cleaned off and beef roast in the slow cooker , time to relax for a few then shopping ! 
Time to start preping for superbowl 
what's on my mind ?..... How the hell do i know , because i seem to be losing it . ;) 
15hrs . till the festivities begin . wings marinating , ribs rubbed down . ;) 
It has begun ! The greatest battle of Mortal Combat on the grid iron ! GO PACK GO ! :) 
yea ! back to the grind , with an artic blast twist . :( 
2 days away from the rat race , aaah the drama free zone . :) 
Damn good awesome day with my best friend and her grand daughter 
Life is too short , appreciate those that have blessed your life , and made it that much more enjoyable . ;) 
ELEMENT MOBILE SUCKS ! 
It has begun ! The Datona 500 :) 
Dinner just about done the lounge pants are on time to relax and enjoy the rest of the race . 
driveway plowed , snow day yeah ! 
Things are not always what they appear to be . 
i don't know anymore 
Is it friday yet ? 
12hrs . to go for the weekend ! whoo hoo ! ;) 
uh some good old fashion .... oh yeah not gonna happen 
Brisket smoking for 4 hours , ribs thrown in now for 3 1/2 hours gonna be good ! :) 
Faith is nothing more than what you percieve to be true , Trust no one further than you can cast your own body after falling on your sword . 
Okay , sick of the snow now it can stop ! Need some sun so i can work on my tan ;) 
Thanks to those \special\ " people who make life better ! ;) " 
Is it wrong to tell people if you left me or died tomorrow , i would only benefit , cuz i would be free from of the negativity you bring into my life ? 
Ziva rocks , actually any gurl with red hair and weapons with attitude ROCKS ! ;) 
whoo hoo last complete weekend off in awhile only 6hrs . away 
oh yeah ! new LG steam washer and dryer ! now if i could just get someone else to do my laundry ! :) 
Get running around , and house work done early to enjoy the last nice day for awhile . :) 
New washer and dryer in with new duct work , time to relax and finish watching the race . 
just when you think you can relax for a day , the kitchen sink drain starts leaking , time for a trip to menards 
kitchen drain fixed , furniture rearranged , now it's time to relax before bed 
yeah made it home without gettin wet , now time for bed . :) 
Driveway is bone dry hopin it stays that way for a while ! :) 
Going to enjoy a few days off , thinking it's time to make some eggrolls . 
ache's pains , nasty cough , and a low grade temp . definately a pajama day in bed . 
Now that it's warm , gotta deal with rain and flat hair . ;) 
