Insomnia day five ... ready ... set ... go ! 

pulled an all nighter ( like normal ) and watched the Moonlight TV series as suggested . The acting is a bit sub-par in places , the story is remarkably predictable , but the humor and character development is rather impressive . I love < PROPFIRST > . 7.5 /10 
just realized he slowly reversed his sleeping cycle ... he has class tomorrow morning . Crap . 
is laughing . He's officially the person who would laugh during a funeral because he thought of something funny . 
is thinking he should eventually start writing in his book \Not So Esoteric Cogitations Apropos of Our Quintessential Existential Quandaries\ " rather than his other untitled one . Too bad the second is much more entertaining right now . lol . " 
is hating < PROPFIRST > for the next little bit . Why did you send me that movie ...? Why ? 
is considering bashing his head on the table until he's either unconscious of comes up with something to do . 
updated his blog . Woot . About time . 
has officially wasted his weekend time . 
used subsequent(ly ) twice in the same status . Bad < PROPFIRST > . 
is cogitating . At the moment it is about the passing of time and its subsequent causatum that influence our quintessential existential proceedings . 
5 centimeters per second . The speed at which a < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > falls , a direct reflection of much of my life and unfortunately how I worry it will end up . ^_^ Though that's why God made body pillows . Yay for that . 
is enveloped in a sense of lugubriousness and is still suffering the continued effects of yesterday's terrible , horrible , no good , very bad day . 
swears something is out to get him . That is the third near head on collision at 60mph in the last month . Stupid people stop driving in my freaking < PROPFIRST > ! 
is bored and wants to do something tonight . If nobody calls/texts him with anything , he'll probably go drive around in the middle of nowhere and explore . 
is tired of being indestructible . 
had part of his soul die just a minute ago . Sadness . 
did not sleep last night ... at all . Tiredness .... -_-' 
updated his blog again . Sorry , it was him rambling and venting a bit . Always fun . 
is pretty much already gone . In a short amount of time his body will catch up with his mind and all will be happy and wonderful as it is supposed to be . 
is working then free climbing . Woot . Lazy day without working much . 
just slept for about 13 hours . Went to bed around 9:30 last night . 
wow ... just wow ... definitely needs to go run it off . A long run with full weight vest and loud music . lol 
has forearms of steel ... or stone ... or steel covered in stone that's covered in steel ... whichever works for you . Thank you free climbing and being awesome . 
says : Security is mostly a superstition . It does not exist in nature , nor do the children of men as a whole experience it . Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure . Life is either a daring adventure or nothing . 
Shinshu here we come . 
says : Virescit vulnere virtus . Because it's true and it's in his blood . 
is writing . Hopefully it will turn into something decent . Though it won't be a money maker . Only books in a series really make bank . Whatever . He writes because he's decent at it and enjoys it . 
70 days 18 hours and 58 minutes until < PROPFIRST > and I start one of , if not the greatest experience of our lives . 
is wondering why cancer is killing all the people he cares about . This one makes #4 . 
* wants it to be tomorrow .... ugh ... 
just had the best weekend he's had in a very very long time . 
fears not death . He fears not pain . He fears not destitution . His only fear is not taking life by the hand and living so that whenever he dies , as soon as it may come , he will be able to rest in the after life knowing he lived as fully as any man is able . 
knows virescit vulnere virtus . He has experienced it and acknowledges that it is in his blood , it's part of him , it's his heritage . 
needs to clear his head again . Time for a long run and a vicious combat workout . 
had a great run and workout yesterday . He really needed it to help sort things out . 
had his \A\ " word of the day . It was 1185 letters long ... so he opted for ' altiloquence . ' < PROPFIRST>'s conversations have a tendency to reflect a certain degree of altiloquence . " 
wants to go take photos of people . He needs the practice . 
has his ' B ' word of the day for everyone . \Brimborion . \ " ' The process of giving you words of the day nobody looks up is brimborion . '" 
just wrote a ' poem ' thingy . He literally wrote the words that came into his mind without discretion . Kinda scares him . Especially because he really didn't even need to edit it ... not to mention its content freaked him out . 
hates his computer today . 
is sitting at work ... sweetness ... 
officially likes the show < PROPMALE > . He can relate to it in an uncomfortably mutual idiosyncratic way that's not wholly dissimilar , yet it is in the most basic of mannerisms . 
just wants everyone to know that the ' F-word ' is said 239 times in The Boondock Saints ... you know ... just in case anyone ever asks you ... 
is laughing . Apparently his collage is being used as the cover < PROPMALE > for this year's \Insects in Society\ " book . " 
is feeling rather ' ugh ' today . Research paper research paper research paper research paper ... head explosion ... 
just remembered how much he loves the song Macarena by Los < PROPMALE > Rio . It makes his heart happy . He just listened to it five times . 
congratulates < PROPFIRST > . You did wonderfully dear ! 
loves to dance ... way too much ... 
didn't sleep well last night and can't figure out why that was . 
' s magical number today is 44 . Doubles seem to be taking over his life . Including the number of days he has left . 
has work ... and still an entomology research paper that is taking much longer to finish than he thought it would ... 
apparently didn't sleep enough because he spelled \too\ " as \ " to . \ " The English buff inside him just died a little bit . " 
is ex-freaking-hausted . Long day ... and still so much to do . So tired ... 
is better . He needs three more pages then he's done with his research paper . 
is moving right along . 
is tired and wants to sleep ... why is it only Wednesday ? 
edited his friends list again . Grats to those of you who still haven't been cut . Then again , there is always next time . 
is laughing sardonically . Why is it for every good one he attracts , he attracts an additional five bad and much more forward ones ? 
is sad . He can't put In a relationship with Matsumoto City , Nagano Prefecture Japan and have it show up . T_T 
is really tired of the people he's come to care about dying of cancer . Were he able to personify cancer , he'd probably take his sweet time in cutting it into pieces , making sure to not kill it until he's had his fill . 
is thinking the last 24 hours have sucked pretty bad . Whatever . ^_^ 
is now craving snickerdoodles . Brilliant . 
won't be able to feel his face for 3-4 hours . Yeah ... he's got to present something at an Entomology seminar in two . Thank you dentists . 
needs to shave again . He keeps pulling out whiskers with his ring ... which hurts . 
shaved . It feels much better . 
is working on getting a kilt . They are the sexiest gorram things in the world . 
is working on getting a kilt . They really are the sexiest gorram things this side of the ' verse . 
' s official hour of \highest spiritual energy\ " It's predicted to be 10:44 p.m. The heck ? " 
is feeling pretty good . 
Baa Baa black sheep , have you any wool ? Yes sir , yes sir , three bags full . One for the master , one for the dame , and one for the little boy who lives down the < PROPFIRST > . 
Oh my darling < PROPFEMALE > . You are lost for me forever . I'm so sorry , < PROPFEMALE > ... you hit your foot against a splinter and fell into the foaming brine . Your < PROPFEMALE > lips were above the water , blowing bubbles soft and fine , but alas , I was no swimmer and neither were you , my dearest < PROPFEMALE > . In a churchyard near the canyon , where the < PROPFEMALE > doth entwine ; there grow rosies and some posies , fertilized by my < PROPFEMALE > . 
has concluded he'll just write it in note format ... 
always wants to say something important or thought provoking in these status bars , but he can never seem to pull anything out for it . 
thinks he's becoming slightly cynical . Frick ... 
is curious as to why it is he stays on facebook . 
The human race's prospects of survival were considerably better when we were defenceless against tigers than they are today when we have become defenceless against ourselves . ~ Arnold J . Toynbee 
had a very vivid dream about the end of the world last night . 
is up and moving again . Last night was fun . 
is tired ... he needs sleep . Too many dreams last night . 
has updated the blog . Woot for me . 
has chased off stalker chick number two ! He's on a roll . Only two more to go ! 
remembers why he doesn't participate in MMA after just grappling with < PROPFIRST > ... it's because he knows how to hurt people . REALLY hurt people . ( P.S he didn't damage < PROPFIRST > ) 
Panem nostrum cotidianum da nobis hodie ; et dimitte nobis debita nostra , Sicut et nos dimittimus debitoribus nostris ; et ne nos inducas in tentationem ; sed libera nos a Malo . 
Deus meus , cum sis omnipotens , infinite misericors et fidelis , spero Te mihi daturum , ob merita Iesu < PROPFEMALE > , vitam aeternam et gratias necessarias ad eam consequendam , quam Tu promisisti iis qui bona opera facient , quemadmodum , Te adiuvante , facere constituo . 
got a warning for going 55 in a 35 . w00t . 
realizes that over time , he has less and less in common with his \friends . \ " Good thing it's 2 days 8 hours and 45 minutes until he leaves for Japan and forgets about many of you . ^_- " 
' s truck has 171,777 . 7 < PROPMALE > on it . Score . 
It's finally sinking in at 1 day 13 hours and 25 minutes . 
is off to Japan . Peace out . 
is sitting in Nagoya Station with < PROPFIRST > . No trains tonight . He's getting to chill for twelve hours ... w00t . 
is in Matsumoto ... finally . His emotions are a mixture of complete inadequacy induced terror and exquisite exhilaration . 
is awake at 5:20 am . He's getting closer to establishing a normal sleep cycle . Though he does get to change into decent clothes today and run around the city . 
is having a pretty awesome day so far . 
Kickin ' it Japanese style . 
is united under the banner of MANGANGUS ! 
wishes people would stop writing completely superficial comments on his posts or wall or whatever and actually write something deep and sincere in a personal message . ( This excludes a couple of people ) 
wants to officially thank < PROPFEMALE > for her wonderful message . It was most appreciated . Also , he would like to express appreciation to < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . 
has moved into his room , but doesn't have power ... interesting . 
has no internet ... bumming from < PROPFIRST > . 
is banging his head against a figurative wall ... japanese ... japanese ... japanese . 
hates tourists ... but he LOVES Matsumoto . 
is one of the three Americans that make up the . 9% of the international student population . Welcome to ???? bitches . 
enjoyed his first Japanese Festival . Running a bundle of burning straw up a mountain to a shrine was certainly a memorable experience . 
simply loves the fact his battle plan has changed so drastically . He's never been happier . 
gets a kick out of typhoons . Yay for no school and beautiful weather . 
realized that 100 feet down is not THAT far to slide ... 
is exploring again . 
is far luckier than he deserves . ^_^ 
... profanity ... 
is officially a registered alien . \Damn it feels good to be a ??? ” " 
is official . Phone+bike+card = awesome . 
wants everyone here to know , just because you're in your car , doesn't mean he can't see you staring . 
officially haz internetz ! d ^_^ b 
loves Livemocha . It pretty much rules . 
digs it . 
has concluded that whining about politics and things of the like is the surest sign symptom of little souls and inferior intellects . 
is dancing for the masses , a puppet on a string ... if you clap loud enough , you might just make him sing . 
22 , 44 , 218 , 1013 , 1031 , 1111 , 1998 ... it all makes sense . Connected . 
is wearing his green shirt today ... and we both know why . ^_- 
loves biological clocks . 
\just Skyped to say ' I love you . ' \ " Courtesy of Musings in Matsumoto . " 
just felt a bit of homesickness . It lasted exactly 2.7 seconds and will not be happening again the rest of the year . Nice to have it done and out of the way . 
feels bad for everyone who isn't here in Japan . You're really missing out . 
always has wonderful conversations with them . Though thank you < PROPFIRST > , you added quite a bit to that entire experience . 
wonders : Is it better to never find it , than to find it and not be able to have it ? 
did not plan on learning a language other than Japanese while in Japan ... apparently higher powers love making a joke out of his plans . 
loves cleaning up his friends list . 
- \Boredom inspires brilliance . \"" 
is an orphan , born around Glasgow , Scotland ( Giffnock to be exact ) . 
can see his breath in his own room . Matsumoto is the greatest place on earth . 
is like so many dried leafs , blown across the asphalt of an abandoned street . 
is nostalgic . 
updated his blog . Check it out , yo . 
has an email address to his phone . unknowneden@softbank.ne.jp Send him a text/email , yo . 
and people of a like nature , are little more than 1% of the global population . Terrifying isn't it ? 
just ate a healthy meal ! Score . 1 point for healthy eating ... 586 for unhealthy eating ... 
has concluded : Cutting your own hair is like most things ... much easier to do in theory than in practice . 
is sighing ... the bills never stop . 
' s blog has been updated . 
has a test tomorrow over another 16 chapters of Japanese . Aw well ... I'll get some studying in tonight . 
says , \Even the most powerful man will eventually be the dirt under a poor man's shoe . \"" 
wanted to be super cool like all of his friends , so he changed his profile photo to anime too !! 
will now stop making fun of the ??? on his friends list . 
went walking in the first snow of the season . 
loves \The Melancholy Death of Oyster Boy . \"" 
\The only thing standing between me and total happiness is reality . \"" 
is writing a play ... why ? He couldn't honestly tell you . 
\The Boy with Nails in His Eyes put up his aluminum tree . It looked pretty strange because he couldn't really see . \"" 
thinks he loves the movie \Avatar\ " more than any movie he's ever seen . Period . " 
Oh nostalgia ... how you make and ruin my day . 
Socraichidh am pòsadh an gaol . 
certainly hopes the way he spent New Year's < PROPFEMALE > and started the new year will , in no way , be a sign as to how his year will go ... though he doubts that will be the case . 
feels like his acting in a movie called , \Zombies Hit Japan . \ " Who's lead zombie ? Yours truly . " 
to the people having sex in the room close to him : Please , just because I can't understand the language she's speaking doesn't mean I can't hear your name being screamed . Please keep it down next time . Thank you . 
is reading \The Two Gentlemen of Verona . \ " Thus far his favorite character is Speed . " 
Meeting you was fate , becoming your friend was a choice , but falling in love with you , I had no control over . 
asks : Why are you wearing that stupid man suit ? 
just made peanut butter and jelly Ramen ... he's not sure if he should be mortified by what he has done , or awed by how well it turned out . 
just wrote the most honest blog/facebook post he's ever written . You guys asked for it . 
hates loud mouthed idiots . 
can't change his name on facebook . Pity . 
is laughing . Appearantly , people really love his \+1 Mug . \ " © UNKNOWN < PROPFEMALE > PRODUCTIONS est . 2007 All rights reserved . " 
poked a hole in his head . It kinda hurts and still is bleeding after six hours . ugh ... 
just realized why all of the main characters in his books are orphans , or rejected from their society . 
has an announcement to make : ( X_x(O =( -_- Q ) Thank you . That is all . 
has concluded Portuguese is just a crazy messed up version of Spanish , where you speak with a full mouth and mess up your words . Oh well , it's still kinda fun to work on . 
In terms of friendship : They who give little of themselves , lose everything , but they who give everything , are rewarded beyond measure . To cultivate a friendship is to experience a unique sort of love , the likes of which can develop into something much more beautiful . 
Heavy Weapons : Knocking down walls and horribly maiming people ever since man first asked the question , \What if I make this really big ? \"" 
admits to the fact he does love the \absolute territory . \"" 
Boredom is a terrible cycle : You get bored , so you don't feel like doing anything . When you don't do anything , you stay bored . 
Real friends are the ones who wipe the mud off your face when you fall , not the ones who shy away , thinking you'll get them dirty . 
is drowning in a sea of music . 
The worth of a friend is not measured by what he says to your face , but rather what he whispers behind your back . 
\Is folamh fuar e teach gan bean . \"" 
just lost everything on his computer . Every photo , every bit of Japanese composition , every unfinished book , every bit of his Entomology project , everything he has done on his computer since arriving in Japan is no longer in existence . Now for the real kicker : He was going to buy a portable hard drive later today to back everything up . 
follows trends on facebook . 
is done . Yes , quite finished with it . 
mourns . 
needs to talk to < PROPFIRST > . 
Nagoya : check . Nagano : check . Tokyo : postponed . Osaka : next up . 
green lasers carving circles in my brain . ^_^ 
In every man lurks the dark < PROPFEMALE > to spoil that which is beautiful . 
has concluded that there are only two infinites : First , being human stupidity . Second , being the masochistic depths to which man shall willingly sink in order to feel as though he is loved and wanted . 
is feeling all Nordic and such . 
went shopping and biking around Matsumoto with ?????. It was great . Should be heading out with her and < PROPMALE > tomorrow . Sweetness . 
finally realized who really matters in his life and who doesn't . 
8 hours , 43 minutes , 58 seconds .... that is when the world will end ... or how long my conversation with < PROPFEMALE > just was . Whichever one floats your boat . Kudos dear , that was amazing . 
diddly < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > doo ... 
blarg ... blaarg ... blaaarg ...... blarg . 
~ chuckles ~ Certainly a night for firsts ... I don't think I'll ever quite be the same . 
has concluded , if he ends up an English teacher in a high school , every one of his students who write words like : dis , dat , wut , wuz , hurr , thurr , or anything similar , rather than their correct counterparts , will be failed . They will be failed until they die . 
there are those you force away because it's best for you , but then there are those you force away because it's best for them . 
didn't even realize it was easter . Go figure . 
Not all who seek sleep find it . 
is supposedly 88% Virgo and 88% < PROPFIRST > , based on his test scores ... go figure . 
unrequited . 
ate real meat ... it was delicious . Cooked the gorram steak m'self . 
has officially contracted yellow fever . Go figure . 
is back home at 4:56 am ... Wow , that was an interesting night . 
All of last night it was snowing . Managed to snow about five of six inches . Today , warm enough to go outside in shorts . Feel like I'm back in Oklahoma , wtf . 
Subtlety is a gift . Some people have it , other people are like a cannon going off in town square . 
The Japanese : Masters of the sideways glance . 
The word that describes my evening starts with an F and ends in uck ... and no it's not firetruck . 
I am a book . However , you'll need to open and turn the pages on your own . I won't read myself . 
' Over and Over ' by Three Days Grace . Story of my life ... and it seems to be full of \bad timing . \"" 
No rest for the wicked . 
gets to be an extra in some big film being shot around Matsumoto , filming it on the 29th and 3rd . 
Now it all makes sense . Completely and entirely . 
I do defy you , and I spit at you . Call you slanderous cowards , and villains . 
Beg that thou may'st have leave to < PROPFEMALE > thyself . 
She's on her way to visit . It will be a good two weeks , methinks . 
wonders when it was he forgot that all he will ever have is the sword on his back and knives at his side . However , he clearly remembers now . 
\Circles . Races with no end . Blackened edges . Pale white towers . Small blue flowers ... Empty faces . Soulless places . Masks . Untouched smiles ... I will stay away . \"" 
\I wonder when I got in the habit of writing messages to nobody ? \"" 
Now comes the preparation before the big plunge . 
Tokyo , Itoigawa , Tahara , Osaka , Kagoshima ... yar . That will do for now . 
After last night , they should hire me at that Host club . < PROPFIRST > and I brought in more business than they've probably seen in a while , not to mention nearly stealing their jobs . It was brilliant . 
My opinion of marriage between cousins has undergone serious changes . Remarkably eyeopening changes . 
?????????? 
It's always an interesting experience being the subject of racial profiling . 
????????????? A personal favorite . 
\A true friend is someone who sees the pain in your eyes while everyone else believes the smile on your face . \"" 
just finished showering in a waterfall up in the mountains behind his apartment . It was excellent ... freezing , but excellent . 
will need some of < PROPFIRST>'s input and ideas before he can start making progress on his screenplay ... hint hint ... 
Is in the mood to work on that screenplay of his , but is still waiting on a certain someone for their input and ideas ... hint ... hint ... hint ... 
pretty much finished loading his pack . He still needs to snag some extra tent stakes and pay his bills , but after that , away he goes ! 
finally understands ! The signs have been there along along . He IS the Chosen One . Reasoning : Because he's the only one who can prevent < PROPMALE > fires . 
Hiding different peoples ' updates was one of the best things he's ever done on facebook . 
will probably delete his facebook within the next week . 
Bahahaha ! Genius . Absolute GENIUS ! ( stupid facebook ) 
just finished writing part of the first battle scene in his book . I frickin ' love Meili . 
Well tonight was interesting ... 
must these dealings with my fellow men always end with such ... unpleasantries ? 
Saturday . Round Two . Going for the gold baby . ^_- 
I'll take silver . That's almost as good . No real complaints from me . ^_^ 
Nearly five hours at the doctor . Ugh ... I'd almost rather have had an aneurysm . 
123456781092227441031V1031441722901987654321123456781092227441031V 
36 days 2 hours 18 minutes 10 seconds . That is when the world will end . 
has a mohawk . 
Osaka trip : Wednesday-Friday 
Wow . Osaka was interesting , but I'm glad to be home . 
had quite the interesting evening-morning . 
Aaaah < PROPFEMALE > . How I love you when it's not my turn . 
I seem to have problems with my phone often . Though I think I just killed it . Hand held technology and water don't mix well . 
And this , my friend , is why I love the weekends . 
Special thanks goes out to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > for a wonderful Saturday night/Sunday morning . This weekend would have proven remarkably dull without you . Though Toku-kun and < PROPFIRST > , you're both still awesome , minus being ??. ^_- 
Wrote enough to connect the two parts of his story . It's now 42 pages . Still a long way to go ... 
Things I learned and re-learned from watching < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim : American girls change their hair color every week and a half . When you gain self-confidence or fall in love , you can pull katana out of your chest . When you die , you go to a desert . Only date girls who rock at video games . Lastly : Don't be a douche , always stick with the Asian girl . 
spaced out and wrote something he only vaguely remembers typing . 
Shaved his beard , so he's sad . 
Why is it that every text you get is an irritation when it's not from the person you want to be texting ? 
His podcast has been posted . Woot . http://japanofiles.com/episode_32 
That , my friends , was the best night of my life . 
Lesson learned . 
Hasn't begged and pleaded like that in a long time . 
To you , I raise my middle finger with a pleasant smile . 
???????????????????????? 
Has a phone . 405-564-4540 Now you have his number . 
\You were from a perfect world . A world that threw me away today . \"" 
Is married to Y'ur M'ther . 
As I look at the sky , I realize I no longer view it as an endless expanse , but rather as another road or highway I must traverse in order to return home . 
Has a photo shoot from 10:00 pm- 2:00 am .... lame . 
For everyone who has asked or is tempted to ask : \How is it being back in the States ? \ " \ 
“Danger will follow me now , everywhere I go . Angels will call on me and take me to my home . Well this tired mind just wants to be lead home . And I fall on my knees . Tell me how's the way to go . Tell me how's the way to see . Show me all that I could be Tell me why I feel so low Well these tired eyes just want to remain closed . I don't see clearly , can't feel nothing , no . Can't you hear me ? ” 
Is considering the adverse side effects of an icepick in the skull . It's posible the pros would outweigh the cons . Mayhap a modified trephination ? 
????? 
I forgot , I'm back in Oklahoma ... land of the lame Friday nights . Frick . 
Only a month or so til Ireland . Woot . 
“L” is for lust , which started the cycle . “O” is for obscene , there is no greater lie . “V” is for vanity , for thinking you were different . “E” is for erroneous , for believing it was real . 
is too Japanese for American job interviews . 
That was much less lame than last Friday . 
Back in Stillwater ... probably going to crash early tonight . So tired ... 
has a headache and needs to sleep . Oh and Kansas City trip next weekend . Woot . 
With painted smile , he does beguile and beckon me t'ward the deep . My gentleman caller , that loathsome scholar , would lead me like a sheep ... to my end , without a friend , just another soul to reap . 
Is in Arkansas again , then it's Kansas City . 
Words truly mean nothing . Even your enemies can whisper sweet nothings , gently in your ear . It is through act and deed , that we discover the worth of a friend . 
Hmmm ... I definitely need to start exploring past activities again . My life has become painfully dull in the area of activities outside work . Hit me with some ideas people . 
\No . \ " Simple enough for you ? " 
Wow ... Absolutely exquisite . Yet , we're far from finished tonight . 
Hates game day traffic . Not to mention homecoming traffic . I kinda hope OSU loses so I can actually get to my work place next time . 
And so it continues . Now with me at the forefront of all things ... 
What do you do when the lives of 6.5 million people depend on the choices you make ? 
Going back to Arkansas . 
Ha ha ! If only I considered you something close to a human being ... 
No Shave November . Woot 
???????????? 
accidentally dropped molten nylon on his hand . It's a remarkably painful burn , I must admit . 
creeps his facebook too , so no worries . 
Needs something to do . 
Is getting some writing done in Pretentious Peace . Woot ! I'm awesome . 
es < PROPFEMALE > pecado hermoso . 
Needs something to do tonight . 
Had way too much fun at the ADPi date party shoot . 
Has been tempted to go see Wicked , but after watching it on broadway , he doubts it will compare . 
Hannah : I'm the only girl you're allowed to misbehave with . \ 
Me : * chuckles * Brilliant . 
regrets ever finding that bag ... 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only FOUR words what would you say to me ? ( NOTE : If you comment , you have to copy and paste this in your status so I can comment on yours ! Fair is fair ; Play along ) 
Hmmm ... bothersome ... 
Sleep ... Oh how I welcome those little slices of death . 
Needs to re-prioritize his life . 
Drive thru worker : Thank you for making us work Christmas < PROPFEMALE > , how can we help you ? \ 
Man : yeah , uh , could I get a bag of biscuits ? \ 
DTW : Okay , we've got you're , uh , fag of biscuits ... anything else for you ? \ 
Man : No , that'll be it . \ 
DTW : Pull around for your total . \ 
\ 
( No , they never notice ) < PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ryone . 
Because only real men can wear the Kilt . 
Hi-ho hi-ho , to Arkansas I go . 
Because people feel the need to share their unimportant feelings and views on facebook I wish to express the following : I don't like penguins because they are the harbingers of winter . 
I'm rather pleased with the new T.V. and Home Theatre set up . 
?????????????????? 
Is literally incapable of eating traditional Chinese/Japanese cuisine without using ?? His brain simply cannot figure out how to use a fork . It's rather bothersome . 
is quite pleased with Adobe Photoshop CS5 . 
Should I go back to the mohawk ? Yes or no ? 
Has his mohawk again . 
Love . You can learn all the math in the ' Verse , but you take a boat in the air that you don't love , she'll shake you off just as sure as a turn of the worlds . Love keeps her in the air when she oughta fall down , tells you she's hurtin ' before she keels . Makes her a home . 
Dreams of strange things . 
Yay for Kilt Day . 
Disconcerted . 
\I want to be an achiever 
is expulsing creative genius from his brain , onto his computer screen ... and it's getting everywhere . 
aaaaand ... off I go . 
Fearful guest : \By the pricking of my thumbs 
Is it horrible that seeing the guy who parked illegally in my parking lot get towed brings me indescribable joy ? 
