Hell yeah ! Bruins up 3-0 in the series ... 

Woot Celtics stay in it ! 
Woot Celtics in 6 !!! Go home Lebron !! MVP my ass 
That was the sloppiest and most undisciplined hockey I've seen in a long time .... 
OOOO ... celtics ruin the magic's perfect playoffs 
Celtics dominating the Magic , and I love it ! 
Woot Celtics ! Another trip to the NBA Finals ! 
Bring on the Lakers ! 
<--- worked all day , cause my job doesn't care if it's a holiday :P 
Woot , Celtics give the Lakers their first playoff home lose ! 
Off to watch game 7 with some friends . Go Celtics ! 
Ahhhhh ..... Monday over with and Tuesday off ... It's nice to schedule a day off just for the sake of it . 
I don't think I've felt this physically spent in a long time ..... blah ... 
I swear ... the 2 weeks leading to the 4th of July have to be the crappiest work weeks of the yr . 
Woot Spain ! Time to take it to Germany ! 
Woot Spain 1-0 over Germany !! 
I'm gonna say Germany comes out very angry from there lose to Spain and stomps Uruguay 4-0 
For the record ... if Lebron didn't want to deal with competition he could have gotten a sex change and been < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > with 15 WNBA titles under his belt . Would have been easier .. just saying lol 
Woot Spain !!! 
Wow today sucked , I'm exhausted . 
boooo rehab's for quiters ! 
* sigh * stress .... life's silent killer :P 
Ahhhh ... out at 4 .... early day ... it's been too long 
so sick of hearing < PROPMALE > Smith is the best RB ever .... He's great , don't get me wrong , but < PROPMALE > Sanders > < PROPMALE > Smith 
... wonders how things can be just within reach , but yet so far away at the same time .. 
Stole so family photos from others . Seeing i have so few :P Sorry all 
so < PROPMALE > Coffee retires and Westbrook signs a 1yr deal with the 49ers ... interesting .. 
Watched all of West < PROPFEMALE > vs Marshall .... wow , what a crazy game . Amazing comeback by WVU 
Wow ..... that's some seriously sloppy play by Miami .... Shooting themselves in the foot over and over .. 
ahhh .... nothing like coming home to shitty news .. 
Going to see Devil in alittle bit . Hope the movie's good ... M . Night Shyamalan seems to be a hit or miss with me , never in between 
Bought the new < PROPFIRST > Hood , with < PROPMALE > Crow at the mall . Also snagged < PROPMALE > of Persia while we were there . Keep hearing good things about it , so figured we'd give it a go . 
can't stay on for more than 2mins at a time ... stupid comcast .... 
ughhh ... I'm not feeling so good this morning .... 
Please put this as your status if you know , or are related to , someone killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . The Rebel Alliance wants to bring peace to the galaxy , but the Galactic Empire continues to kill innocent civilians . 93% won't copy/paste this . Will ............... you ... make ...... this your status for at least 1 hour ? 
Some days you just wish you had those you are without so much more than usual ... 
I am an UN-APOLOGETIC AMERICAN ! I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one nation , UNDER GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and JUSTICE for all ! I grew up reciting this every morning in school . It is a shame we no longer do for fear of OFFENDING SOMEONE ! Let's see how many < PROPFEMALE > ns will re-post this and not care about offending someone . 
So after playing threw all of the new Call of Duty's campaign .... can't say I'm too impressed . Has a lot of little annoyances threw out the campaign . Multiplayer is pretty good though . Map designs seem well done , but lacking in maps with elevation differences . 
Another yr older :P 
Manny Pacquiao wins yet again , pretty dominantly .... though there were a few rounds where < PROPMALE > looked like he might take control with his size advantage . 
Happy Thanksgiving to all .... and a big shout out to my wife who put a ton of time and effort into an amazing thanksgiving dinner . 
That was a beautiful 45-3 beat down on the Jets ... I could not have asked for a better result . 
gonna try for an early bed time tonight ..... 
another early bedtime tonight .... been doing a lot of sleeping lately 
saw Tron earlier today , and gotta say , it was phenominal . Easily in the top 3 movies of the yr . 
4 days of work , then off til < PROPFIRST > 5th ... 
Tonight is just not my night ..... 
Bah .. Was hoping to see my family for the holidays ... but not looking like that's gonna happen . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my friends and family . I hope everyone's Christmas is filled with laughter and joy . 
Huh ... didn't realize that new movie The Fighter with < PROPFIRST > Wahlberg actually takes place in < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ... For my friends who prob don't know , i was born there and grew up a town over . Now i want to see it :P 
I guess i should sleep 
boooo .. my daughter is sick throwing up , and now i'm coming down with it ... Not a good way to spend vacation 
You win if you can say this phrase very quickly and very loud your first time threw ...... Eye Yam Sofa < PROPMALE > We < PROPMALE > Did .... lets see who gets this .... 
BREAKING NEWS : Practice at Jets Stadium was delayed 2 hours yesterday after a player found a white powdery substance on the ground . Police and Homeland Security investigated . Experts determined that the white substance , unfamiliar to most of the players , was in fact the goal line . Practice will resume since the team was unlikely to encounter the substance again . All < PROPFIRST>'s fans please post ! 
ugh ... i feel like shit this morning .. 
I guess it's bed time ... 
Ugh ... it certainly doesn't feel like it's just monday ... 
Thinking of calling it an early night .... not something i do too often :P 
wow .... woke up this morning feeling like i got hit by a train .... not a good way to kick off a Tuesday :P 
Sometimes the lack of just one thing in life can make your entire world seem incomplete 
Tomorrow's Friday .... here's to hoping for a smooth day at work to end this week . 
To sleep or not to sleep , that is the question 
pancakes for dinner .... always fun 
Just watched Buried with < PROPFIRST > Reynolds . I'm claustrophobic , so that movie kind of messed with me lol 
Miami with the season sweep over LA .... 
Yeah Uconn with the big east title ...... 
Gonna be half asleep all day today i think ..... booo mondays .. 
so with the NFLPA decertified and with the lockout going on ... there's no more player conduct policy in effect for off field incidents ...... this could get interesting lol 
hmm ... my friends list is refusing to load ... 
guess it's time for bed ... 
Battle LA was a great movie ... strongly recommend it . Portrayed the US Marines very well in the movie ... 
ahhhhhhhh .... the weekend .... 
Did some splurging today ... got a new xbox 360 with the kinect in a bundle package . Kids are absolutely loving it 
watched The Fighter tonight .... excellent movie 
crunchy peanut butter on celery is a good time .... 
Is it the weekend yet ..? 
