Christmas sales are done , vow renewal ceremony on New Years < PROPFEMALE > is over . House is pretty much clean . Ready for < PROPFIRST > to get back to school tommorrow and get started on inventory at the store in the morning . For now though its snuggle time with < PROPFIRST > on the couch with fresh out of the dryer blanket !!!!! 

Ok people . Its a new day and Im going to get the < PROPFEMALE > of this facebook thing if it kills me today ! < PROPFEMALE > in there with me , I might say something to you or everyone by accident but at least Im trying . 
Half way through the day ! Thank goodness too . Im so bored . 
Another rainy day . Thank goodness for that . The mountains have snow on them again ! We really need the moisture . 
I think it really sucks when you are writing a long message to a person and just before you hit send it erases the whole thing and you cant get it back . NO saved to drafts or anything ! I dont even know how I did that . It just disappeared ! Makes me so angry ! 
almost the end of a long day ! Church tonight and then hitting the hay early ! 
Why is there always one person on Biggest Loser that you just cant stand and that one person seems to go all the way to the finale ? Thank goodness they get beat out of the money by the really deserving person in the end though . I thought they got rid of the b#@&* early this year but NO ... she has to come back !!! It so upsetting . 
I want to go home !!!!! 
At work . Have a great day everyone !!!! 
Happy Easter !!!! 
Is there someone you need to forgive ? Maybe you think they need to do something before you will forgive them ? Watch out for the bitterness root that will grow inside you ! 
MONDAYS SUCK !!!!!!!!! 
Somedays are harder to get through than others and this is one of the harder days ! 
going to the gym tonight . Starting a weight routine . Hope I dont hurt myself !!!! 
Hurry up and wait ! Pisses me off ! 
Chop it off or let it grow ? going to see Tarcy today . Not sure what to do with the mop on my head . 
Another work day down . Two to go ! 
Beautiful spring day in Montana . Yippee ! 
Its totally freakin hot !!! 
Whats up with the damn wind ? 
Yeah Friday !!!! Not that is matters . Still one more day to work this week for me . 
each day requires effort to get through and today I just dont want to try !!! 
Going shopping today to get < PROPFIRST > new shoes and shorts ! Something just doesnt seem right with that but thats how it goes when youre a Mom right ? 
is hopeful that life will get better this week . I am willing to be present and open to the new day . At least so far !! 
SUN , GLORIOUS SUN !!!!! What a beautiful day !!!! 
Jenn comes back next week . Thank the Lord above !!!!!! 
Happy 4th of July !!! < PROPFIRST > is in Polson with friends . Im at home cleaning the house . He gets to jet ski and skate and I get to clean the toilet !!! HHMMMM .... 
Got some great news today !!!! YIPPEE ! YAA HOO !!!! SKIPITY DO DAH !!! yep folks its that good . Not sharing though . Haha 
its only Tuesday :( 
So slow at work here today . I wish I was home cleaning the house thats how bored I am . Sad , huh ? 
my Mom is trying to get the Bare Escentuals Bus to come to her mall in Bismarck . Please help her by voting 5 times for Bismarck , ND on facebook @ bare escentuals . Thanks !!!!! 
teenagers !!! Need I say more !!!!!!! 
DeLis just brought in a bunch of Oreos to the office from her Costco run over the weekend . Just what I need . Hmm . Im getting hungry . Oreo time !!!!! 
is having another as the world turns moment . 
Thank God for < PROPMALE > . He pushes my sd card all the way in so I can view my photos !! What would I ever do without him ? 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes . I did absolutely nothing and it was wonderful ! 
Believe in Jesus Christ !!! One facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall ..... In the Bible it says , if you deny me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my Father , at The Gates of Heaven . This is a simple test . If you love God and you are not afraid ... to show it , repost . 
Happy Thanksgiving ! I am so thankful for my friends and family . God bless you all . 
seems there is some confusion as to what I said and didnt say . And as for who do I think I am ? I am a Mom and a damn good one at that ! 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The\ 
goal is not to see a human face on Facebook until Monday , December 6th . \ 
Join the fight against child abuse . Copy & paste this to your\ 
status . 
cleaned the house and did the laundry . Spending the rest of the night on the couch with a nice and warm , fresh out of the dryer blanket ! 
In honor of MS awareness week , March 7th-13th , 2011 , I am asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has Multiple Sclerosis ( MS ) . I know my friends will . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found , and more awareness for CCSVI . Will you post it ? Just for one hour . Do it in the memory and the honor of those fighting MS . 
