people need to stop dying 

I've done more homework for this psychology class than I've done for over 12 years of school . 
is the kingpin of procrastination 
struggling ... 
it was horrible ... 
who drove in the ditch on 144 near mckendrie ? 
i hate nights when im alone , I always wind up thinking about everything ... 
so i need 500+ dollars worth of software for a 3 credit class ... not happenin ... 
ZOMBIELAAAAAAAAAAND !!!!! again 
-_- fuckin snow ... 
say aah ! 
imma be 
i need a ride home please . i will pay . call 410 500 7349 
packing for colorado :) 
exam postponed haha ! fuck you calculus ! 
ill be at dereks ! 
i can make ya bed rock ! 
at the library ..... 
I love life !! 
off tomorrow because today was a 17 hour day 
i love running :) 
Umm ... was definatly An amazing night hahahahahahahahaaajaaahajajaj !!!! People are great , i love my bed . Gnight cp 
good music can solve anything ! 
Sooo pumped up !!! 
I think I stumbled on the best song ever 
Tiesto in the library along with DeadMau5 .... time to make some progress ! 
Juuuussst Jammin ;-D 
I don't need no love all I need is the DJ !!! 
Wwwwooah !!!! Hahahaha ! What a night !!! I wish more stuff was happening locally though .... 
Jam session 
I can fix anything !! 
Work so hard and get so little , my < PROPFEMALE > is being exhausted , but I still sport a smile on my face and look forward to drinking a cold one and hangin with friends :-] 
im at work till 6am bitches !! 
hmmm ... battle of the sexes tonight it seems ... i miss my bed 
Ooohhhhh < PROPMALE > county .... 
Steady mobbin . 
It truely is not worth the energy to hate others , so dont exhaust yourselves people 
Lots of good stuff coming up !!! 
Well ... I feel I was given some of the best advice ever tonight . My eyes have opened up to a whole other world it seems . I've been doing alot of things wrong lately , I love my friends , all of em . 
why are GNC employees really fat or outta shape ? 
Extremely busy !!! 
To everyone in our group last night and then some , thanks so much for making that an amazing frikkin night ! I had lots of fun !!! 
Maybe I should slow down before I speed up 
Ur a Durty gurl ur a durty gurl !!! 
My jeep is on FIRE >:-D 
Partying naked tonight fo sho 
hanging out with usher 
think its time for a riot 
oh man ! what a filthy hot mess ! 
I just want to fall asleep , this is so irratating 
somtimes .... i can really just fuck up everything .... 
Gym for the next 3 hours .... fuc it 
Beach bound . Peace 
could use an epiphany followed by some reality . 
scared money dont make money son 
busted by OSHA ...... 
Oh why yes I did have an amazing day :-] 
twas a good night after a long day :-] 
Amazing ... just amazing ! :-D 
Life is good these days :-D 
well im definatly not normal ... 
It's hard not to smile after a night like tonight :-] 
im gonna take a stab at this ... 
you take the breath right out of me 
stressed out . anxious . worrying about everything ... what a rotton day 
Im gettin me a new Camaro 
Bared on your tomb I'm a prayer for your loneliness 
Home from work ... Now what 
There's a perfect song for every situation 
Maybe today will be better ... 
back from \vacation \"" 
Inception , zombies , and food . What a great night !! 
reloading ! 
I hate giant 
im so tired of this shit ... 
HOOOKAH !!! 
your fucken NIGHTMAAAREE !!! 
yay for thunder ! im off early !! 
Numb .... 
Words are trivial ... Enjoy the silence . 
New York ! 
this is soooo unreal !!!! 
And the reality of things slowly sinks back in . 
Tattoo at 8 ! 
Pour me a shot of motivation with some willpower as a chaser , it's time to find some sort of purpose ... 
worst lookin friday ever . 
Hoping for a better tomorrow . 
The unmistakably brilliant < PROPFIRST > Stevens is coming to < PROPFEMALE > out . This day just got better ! 
The Last Excorcist was very disappointing 
Work at 3am so .... GOODNIGHT ! 
This house just got a little more empty :-/ 
I hate discovering things i didnt want to discover ... 
Off to the doctor , then tattoo at 8 . Hopefully they get my arm finished his time ! Maybe I'll post a pic ... 
Now THAT was a successful weekend ! Heheh 
up yours BestBuy ! i can install any car radio any day by myself ! 
pretty rough day so far :-/ 
I am not a gardner ... 
why do we still try for things that we know wont happen ... 
Anxiety has consumed me . 
:-D 
Working on a Saturday >_< 
today was fun ! 
I most definitely will not be getting to sleep anytime soon xD 
this sucks !!!! 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone !!! You guys are great ! 
I appreciate and love every moment , no matter what we do . 
deep in thought ... 
wishing there was more i could do ... 
I cant change the world but I'll be damned if I'm not going to try . 
biking to mt airy ... maybe . 
monday already ... still shleeeepy though ! 
:-( 
Biking :-\\ 
very rough day . 
My feet are freezing and it's preventing me from falling asleep . 
Field of screams with < PROPMALE > !! 
Temptation ! 
Out biking again >_< 
I wish it was Friday ... 
>_< here we go again ! 
Monotonous routines ... 
Just going to take it easy for a bit . 
Colorado for the weekend . 
Well then ... 
I'm a fat head . Douche . 
xD this day got better ! 
Darkly , Darkly , < PROPFEMALE > Aversa >:D 
Sleeping will be next to impossible tonight . 
Their howls are sending chills down my spine . 
Rough day . Im exhausted ... 
I have the urge to eat everything edible I can find in my house . 
The true colors of some people can paint one ugly rainbow . 
Early day ! 
I must be the only fool to go to the gym on thanksgiving . haha ! im strange 
Love it when a quick trip out turns into an all nighter :-/ 
Shitty shitty day .... 
Today is going to be a good day :) 
Just two more months ... so sick of this ... 
Since when did christmas trees cost an arm and a leg ... 
Pondering ... 
Good things are coming up :) 
I want to open my presents ... but I made a promise to wait for a certain someone to get home from work xD 
My Christmas tree fell over ... it almost fell on < PROPMALE > xD 
: , -/ sleep seems impossible ... im so cold . 
Could this day go any slower ? Another 13hour day -_- 
Confused . 
Fucking dragon lady ... 
Looking forward to this weekend . 
And when I take the time to stop everything and think about my life for a few seconds there's no question about it , Im the happiest Ive ever been . I love you < PROPMALE > ! 
