well getting ready for work :( 

just read the FAA-S-8081-17/Private pilot practical test standards for lighter than air Balloon . and knows it wont happen any time soon at least not with my funds or connections 
off to dennys to haing with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > 
finally found a way i can get my certification now i need to get the student pilot certification 
finally found a way to get the certification and all i need is a student pilot certification but is off to work will worry about it later . 
finally testing the hot tub tonight !!!! 
has to work in the morning 
Stargate Universe was AMAZING ! 
got up early and just realised it was thursday and i dont have to work 
watching Transformers 2 !!! 
had a good time tonight !!! the darkness/then the headlights just off of bartelso road 
had a GREAT time at semo today !!! now for the 2 hour drive back to centralia in the morning before work =( 
finally got home and took a mutch needed shower . kind of wish i could have stayed down there longer it was a really good time but now waiting for work at 4 
just got off of work and is now off to dennys with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
happy halloween everyone and if you are in town enjoy the parade because i shall be at work =( 
needs to get some sleep its been quite the day 
Great church service this morning !!! hope everyone enjoyed it !!! 
storm chasers is on offically gonna check out for the next hour 
off to eat 
off to work again 
dosent feel like getting up in the morning but has to work 
is not tired but shuld probably go to bed because i have to work at 11 
gettin ready for work . truck day . 
i got my copy of modern warfare 2 just in time to go to work :( 
off to choir 
they just put my dad in the hospital pray its not to bad 
dad is doin fine he is in because he couldnt swallow anything the past few days and stuff like that . They have him on 2 I . V . ' s one is an antibiotic though . They have given him some steroids and they will be giving him a C.T. scan later to find out more of whats going on . Tomorrow they may be doing a scope on him to find out even more . Thank you all for your concerns and prayers even though its only been a few hrs . 
is off to work till 1030 then < PROPMALE > dunham tomarrow cant wait ! 
just got home < PROPMALE > dunham was great and lunch with my cousin was good today but still glad to be home 
is loving this computer 
Happy easter everyone !!! 
Concert starts in half an hour kc band on in about an hour 
So I've been watching a llost marithon and it's not helping my sleep scedual but at least I have season 1 down now 
Wow the boyscouts just added a vidio gameing meerit bage !!!! 
My world of warcraft account got hacked I am currently thrilled 
Reach beta !!!!! Prepare for me to loose contact with the world after I get off of work 
Concert at 730 in < PROPFEMALE > knight auditorium at kc hope to see ya there 
Please pray for my family my grandpa just passed 
Visatation tomarrow then funeral thursday what a whurlwind of a week and thanks all for the simpathy and suport 
< PROPMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > keene most of the day . Lunch thean a quick trip to the cape great day 
So great day yesterday !!! But now it's off to work . Why do days off half to fly like they do ? 
Drove to st < PROPFIRST > to drop my uncle at the air port and got back just in time for work I'm gonna be really tired at the end of the night 
Gettin the boat out tomarrow who wants to go ? 
Out at the lake but now it's raining :( 
bored out of my mind anyone want to do something ? 
Had a pretty good time tonight went to dennys with < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > . Got to see < PROPFEMALE > as well ! Then went home for some MW 2 
So my last day working the register tonight and then wibi at church in the morning and then monday morn it's off to photo yeay me 
Can't wait till thursday starts with a trip to cape with < PROPFEMALE > then I have the house to my self for the next week 
Well great day today 9 hours in a car with < PROPFEMALE > lunch at quiznoes dinner at bdubs and a tun of new appartnment prospects for her couldent have asked for a better day 
last day of work till sunday morning cant wait till its over 
Bored out of my mind who wants to haing out today ? 
well the fun is over the family jsut got back :( 
ok sience no one answered yesterday I will ask again who wants to haing out ? 
is now slightly pissed we nolonger have a boat :( 
ok who is free thursday night ? 
Ok who is free thursday night ? 
Just found out we had full coverage on the boat so new tv here we come !!! 
just got off of work gotta be back in the morning . still looking for someone to go out with afterwords let me know . 
just got my new x box set up now waiting for the hard drive transfer to be done !!!!!!!! 
went and saw predators in mt < PROPFIRST > with < PROPMALE > good movie 
FINALLY on l < PROPFEMALE > ch the photo machine breaking down is not < PROPFEMALE > 
About time the national league won a game about darn time 
Just got off work now time to relax and watch inglourious basterds before dennys later 
Finally made it to dennys 
On my way to < PROPMALE > os with mom to eat 
Goin bowlin in salem if anyone wants to swing by 
is now movin to vandalia 
Hard to believe that tomarrow centralia will no longer be home 
So ludwick to sandeago :( 
Cards sweep reds 
Chillin at pizza hut goin to the depo with the parents later shuld b nice 
gettin ready to head into town for the weekend have a nice balloon fest everyone !!!! 
First flight yesterday success now it's up early for flight 2 
No flight tonight but settin up for the croud 
Great glow tonight loads of fun 
Flight for this morning is lookin good so far second pilots meating at 645 due to a fog concern but so far all looks good 
Woooooo I get to fly today 
This mornngs flght was awsome check out the pics 
balloon fest was epic thanks to all the crews and vollentres who helped out see you next year !!!! 
Had a geat night last night met some new people some amazing and some annoying . Ah life in vandalia 
sittinn in centralia waitin for my copy of halo reach to show up 
is currently bored looking for something to do 
Had a great time last night bein a dd for < PROPFIRST > and zacks bar hopin adventures was great 
is off to work whitch is just what the doctor ordered to get my mind off of all the drama goin on up here 
Really dosent like inventory 
Just saw a black person in a green minivan bumpin to some hard core country 
just got home from work . there was to much to do and to little time to do in in i feel beat 
is bored someone please break this cycle 
Is upset my car died but on the upside new car here I come 
And my new car is a maroon 07 ford focus 
Chilin at salem dennys !!!! 
Semo so far thumbs up 
Just got home had a great time in cape 
, 
Chillin at dennys in salem 
Someone please tell me why things only break in photo when I work 
