What else are you going to do . I undersand ... there is another scholarship too thats being offered . It was sent on our e-mails at work , and it also invoves an essay-so maybe we can check on that ?? 

Feel ya ... Doin the same . But at the table 
What is going on everyone ??? 
I despise essays !!! 
What a wonderful Saturday ... stinkin ' water heater went out . 
ATTENTION !!!!!!!!!! DO NOT join the group currently on facebook with the title \becoming a father or mother was the greatest gift of my life\ " . This is a group created by pedophiles whose aim is to access your photos ! Please copy & paste this to your status before people start using your picture . PLEASE ALL PARENTS ... BE ... AWARE !!! COPY AND PASTE THIS SO ALL YOUR FRIENDS SEE IT !!! ( better safe than sorry ) " 
So , So Happy it is Friday !! 
Whoo hooo ! No going to school or work today !!! Off , off , off ... Going to work in my garden today ! 
URGENT !!! PLEASE CIRCULATE to everyone . DO NOT open any message with an attachment called : Black in the White House , regardless of who sent it to you . It is a virus that opens an Olympics torch that burns the whole hard disk C of your computer . Do not open , and shut down your machine immediately . It is the worst virus announced by CNN . There is no repair yet for this kind of virus . 
TGIF !!!! 
Whoo hoo , three day weekend !!! Then back to school and work :( 
Get so frustrated at FB :( Anyone else having a problem getting into Farmville ? 
For all who are having an issue getting into FV , it is because we have placed the wedding tent . I looked on a FV website . They are trying to get it fixed asap . Hope soon !! Thought you would all like to know !! 
Whohoo , got my reef shark !! 
... I have such great neighbors in FV !! :) < PROPMALE > 
Off to school and work ! Everyone have a great day :) 
So I don't seem rude to all new mafia friends , FB is having their usual glitches ... I lost you when trying to receive your requests for neighbors . So if you would like ... plz resend & I'll try again tomorrow :) 
Good night all ! Time to hit the sack , another dose of my daily life come < PROPFEMALE > ! 
So relieved it is Friday ! Wiped out , drinking a beer to relax !!! 
... Listening to Jodeci 
*•.¸¸??¸.•* ¨*• ?? Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? BEST ? ? MAFIA FAMILY ? in the ? world ? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ?? ¸ . • *¨* • ? My Mafia Family ROCKS !!!! ' ....? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? 
Come on Celtics !!!!! 
Sorry everyone ... will never look at a posted link again !!!! 
If yellow roses grow in heaven , Lord pick a bunch for me . Place them in my Dad's arms & tell him they're from me . Tell him that I love & miss him , & when he turns to smile , place a kiss upon his cheek & hold him for a while . Because remembering him is easy , I do it everyday ! There's an ache within my heart that will never ever go away .... IF UR DAD'S IN HEAVEN COPY & PASTE . * I Love You Dad * 
Happy Father's Day to all you wonderful fathers :) 
Well off to class , then work . Hope evryone has a wonderful Monday ;) 
So irritating , one of my mafia family members declared war today on me ! Second time this month . Dont understand why others would do that , I would never ! He is off my list :( 
How sad ... the weekend is almost over :( They never seem to last long . 
So grateful that it is Friday ... exhausted ! 
(¯`* • . ¸IT'S DAUGHTER WEEK ! ¸ . • *´¯) If\ 
you have a daughter(or two ) who makes your life interesting and fun , who has\ 
been a blessing in your life and makes life worth living just by being\ 
around - copy and paste this to your status .? Your daughter(s ) will outgrow your lap , but ... never your heart ...? 
I hope that everyone has a safe and fun Fourth of July :) 
So happy it is friday :) 
To bad it is Monday :( 
What's on your mind ? A daughter will hold your hand for only a little while , but will hold\ 
your heart for a lifetime ... It's \Daughter Week\ " - If you have a\ 
YOUR PHONE NUMBER IS NOW ON FACEBOOK !! NO JOKE ! Go to the top right of your screen , click Account then Edit Friends . Go to left side of the screen and click Phonebook . Everyone's phone #'s are now being published . Please repost to let your friends know this is happening so they can remove their ......... #'s ... by changi ... ng their privacy settings . ( Privacy Settings- Customize -Phone - Customize - Only Me ) 
Incredibly happy that Monday is over :) 
Now on to Thursday ! Hopefully only one day left in this semester ! 
Whoo hooo !! I am finally done with this semester :D 
If you have a man that works hard to take care of you , would do anything for you , that makes you laugh , that's your best friend , who you want to grow old with , who is your world & someone that you're thankful for every night , post this as your status to give the good men out there the ... recognition that they deserve , because great men are few and far between & I have one ! 
Off to start my Tuesday ... hope everyone has a wonderful day :) 
There is nothing better than Saturday :) Thinking about going to St < PROPFIRST>'s festival later ! 
Today is my beautiful oldest daughter's 12th birthday ! Where did the time fly ? Happy birthday Sateva ! :))))) 
What a Tuesday !!!! 
Not only did my baby turn the big ' 12 ' last week , today she starts her first day of < PROPMALE > High ! I am so proud of her ... yet I am also freaking out :/ 
So happy today is over !!!! 
So happy it is finally football season !!! Go Broncos !!!!!!!! 
Husband is at the emergency room with the oldest :( She feel out of a tree and it is looking like a broken collar bone ! I am so freaking out with worry ! They have been there two and a half hours already and have yet to c a doc !! 
Tomorrow ... a new semester !! 
Happy people may not have the best , but they are happy with what they have . 
Remember noone makes it alone . Have a grateful heart and acknowledge those who have supported you . 
Make a stranger know they are not invisible with a smile , and you might just change a world !! 
When you were born you cried and the world rejoiced . Live your life in such a way that when you die , the world cries and you rejoice . Cherokee Proverb . 
So happy to be home ! Love my bed !!!! 
Due to recent cutbacks , the light at the end of the tunnel will only be on for five minutes a day and the silver lining has been smelted and pawned . 
Guess who ? I will find u , take u to bed & have my way with u . U will moan , groan and even beg me to stop . I'll exhaust u & leave all worn out . It's me the Flu 
To let down the ones you love is painful ... to let down yourself is unforgivable . 
Love is alot like a butterfly ... when you < PROPMALE > it , it eludes you . But when you are patient it will land on your shoulder expectedly . 
Come on Broncos ! Lets beat the Jets !! 
If you are not moving forward you are wasting time ... and if you are wasting time you might miss the best opportunity of your life . 
Waht a stinky day already :( 
If your Dad is or was your hero , your best friend , or just the best Dad ever , whether you are blessed to still have your Dad with you , or if he is an angel in heaven , copy and paste this onto your status and let everyone know you are proud of your Dad and that you love him dearly . I love you Dad . 
We could all take a lesson from crayons ; some are sharp , some are beautiful , some have weird names . All different but live together in the same box 
The greatest < PROPFEMALE > in living lies not in never falling , but in rising every time we fall . > Nelson Mandela < 
It is better to light one small candle than to curse the darkness- Confucius . 
Whoo hoooo !! My Broncos are on the ball today :) 
Hope everyone has a great Thursday ! 
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
beer !!!!! 
To all my wonderful family and friends-One of the things I am most thankful for , is having you all in my life ! Have a fabulous Thanksgiving Day , love you , and be safe :) 
You come to love not by finding the perfect person , but by seeing an imperfect person perfectly . Sam Keen 
\The fire you kindle for your enemy often burns you more than him \"- Chinese proverb " 
Thank goodness only week left in this semester !!!!! 
Pass\ 
this on ..... Change your profile picture to a cartoon character from \ 
your childhood . Until Monday , December 6th . By Monday you shouldn't see a\ 
single human face on Facebook but an invasion of childhood memories . \ 
This is a campaign to heighten awareness of violence against children . 31 minutes ago · UnlikeLike · Comment 
Love is a promise , love is a souvenir , once given never forgotten , never let it disappear-John Lennon 
Whoooo hooo ! Just finished my last final for the semester :) 
What lies behind you and what lies in front of you , pales in comparison to what lies inside of you-Ralph < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Christmas gift suggestions : To your enemy , forgiveness . To an opponent , tolerance . To a friend , your heart . To a customer , service . To all , < PROPFEMALE > . To every child , a good example . To yourself , respect- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
There are some people who want to throw their arms round you simply because it is Christmas ; there are other people who want to strangle you simply because it is Christmas-Robert Lynd 
Tebow ! Tebow !! Tebow !!!!!! 
He who has not Christmas in his heart will never find it under a tree- < PROPFIRST > L . Smith 
This is the month , and this the happy morn , wherein the Son of heaven's eternal < PROPMALE > , of wedded Maid and Virgin Mother born , our great redemption from above did bring . -John Milton\ 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my family and friends ! xo 
What a game !!! Yeahhhh Broncos !!!! 
TO ALL MY MAFIA MEMBERS\ 
\ 
CALLING A CEASE FIRE ON ROBBING THE CHRISTMAS TREES !!! Let's give them a NEW YEAR'S PRESENT !!! \ 
... Pass this onto all of your mafias and ask them to pass it on to their mafias ... Do not < PROPMALE > Christmas Trees ... This ... way ... WE CAN GUARANTEE that everybody completes their Christmas Tree Mission ... 
PROMISE TO MY KIDS : I will stalk you , freak out on you , lecture you , drive you crazy , be your worst nightmare , embarrass you in front of your friends , hunt you down like a bloodhound .... because I LOVE YOU ! When you understand that , I will know you are a responsible adult . You will NEVER find someone who LOVES YOU , CARES about you , and WORRIES about you more than your MOM ! Copy & paste if you are a Mom 
All I can say is .... thank goodness for great friends :) 
What an upset !!! Can not believe the Saints are out already :( 
Lets go Ravens and Philly !!!!! 
Stinks that there is only a two hour delay ! Why not just cancel school ??? 
So grateful it is Friday and that it is the last day of registration :) 
Whoohoo ! This week is so over !!!!! 
We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools-Martin < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Jr 
Nothing like the first day of a semester :) Hope everyone has a fabulous day ! 
Always do what you are afraid to do-Ralph < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
The mind is not a vessel to be filled , but a fire to be ignited- Plutarch 
Copy & paste this if your Dad is in heaven : If roses grow in heaven , Lord , then pick a bunch for me . Place them in my Dad's arms and tell him they're from me . Tell him that I love and miss him , and when he turns to smile , place a kiss upon his cheek and hold him for a while . I miss you , Dad , with all my heart ? 
Darkness can not drive out darkness ; only light can do that . Hate cannot drive out hate ; only love can do that-Martin < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Jr 
Depression is not a sign of weakness , it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression . Will you do it , and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? Most people won't , but it's mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer at some point in our lives . Show your support . I copied and pasted , will you ? 
Whooohooo !!! School is cancelled for me too tomorrow !!!!! 
I believe in the right to keep and bear arms . One Facebooker has challenged all gun owners to put this on their wall . The Supreme Court of the United States has affirmed that the right to keep and bear arms is a fundamental right of the individual . If you Believe in the 2nd Amendment and you are not afraid to show it , re-post this 
Beer all day ; 0 
I'M ASKING IF EVERYONE COULD PLEASE PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS FOR ONE HOUR IF YOU OR SOMEONE YOU LOVE HAS DIABETES . I KNOW MY FAMILY WILL , MY PRAYER IS THAT IN 2011 A CURE WILL BE FOUND . WILL YOU POST IT ? JUST FOR ONE HOUR . DO IT FOR ALL OF US IN MEMORY OF TOO MANY TO MENTION AND IN HONOR OF ALL FIGHTING IT 
You cannot help men permanently by doing for them what they could and should do for themselves-Abraham < PROPMALE > 
We must become the change we want to see- \ 
Mahatma Gandhi 
The longer we dwell on our misfortunes , the greater is their power to harm us- Voltaire 
Wise men talk because they have something to say ; fools talk because they have to say something- Plato 
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow-Helen Keller 
The world is too much with us ; late and soon , getting and spending , we lay waste our powers : Little we see in Nature that is ours-William Wordsworth 
The girl you just called fat ? She has been starving herself & has lost over 30 lbs . The boy you called stupid ? He has a learning disability & studies over 4 hrs a night . The girl you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The boy you just tripped ? He is abused enough at home . There's a lot more to people than you think . Put this as your status if you're against bullying 
Do or do not . There is no try - Yoda 
We change , whether we like it or not- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Banana :) 
