is glad to have spent his 4th at Spring Rock Park traversing the woods 

wishes he could go back to Williamsburg !!!!!!!!! 
wishes everything would turn out ok 
GLEE !!!!!!!!! 
Driving's fun ! ahh glee .......... 
doesn't understand how people can be so unconscious of other people's feelings 
doesn't want to do college essays ....... 
can't believe that as a senior in high school he is still assigned homework which requires him to color ............... 
loves 3'oclockos!!!! 
loved The Time Traveler's Wife !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
made IMEA !!!!!!!!! 
simply walking into church makes you a Christian about as much as walking into a garage makes you a car 
Live the Fourth ! Go K3 !!!!! 
K3 party tonight !!!!! Call me if anyone needs directions ! 
got my wisdom teeth out , i love vicadin 
Happy 2011 everyone , looking forward a year better than last !! 
black with gold triforces 
Why does it have to be over !!?? I want to go back to before !!! 
bon chica bon chicka bon cha bon cha ba !!!!!! 
visual .......... literacy ............. project , wake me when it's over , oh and RIP my hopes of a glorious massed piece to end our year with 
Ugh ...... a measly THREE POINTS away from winning sectionals and going to state .................. 
is off to the pumpkin patch !!!!!!! 
Is happy to have finally graduated ! 
is burned , but still had an amazing weekend at the lake house 
has come to realize that nothing good can come from the phone ringing on your day off .......... 
Had a great Halo-filled evening 
Wants to thank the whole cast of Godspell for an amazing and memorable past few months and an outstanding end to it all ! 
is officially a PC ( surprisingly enough ) 
had a dream of the finale of Godspell last night . I miss you guys !!! 
5 more days 
4 more days ! 
Can't believe he leaves tomorrow !!! 
is all moved in ! 
Is standing in line on his iPad waiting to get it engraved !!!!! 
Is wondering why he has to take his intro to chemical engineering class ......... 
Is well , kinda sorta now partially moved in 
hates the lab component of Organic Chemistry ......... 
loves the feeling of walking out of an exam everyone has been worried about for the past two weeks with half an hour to go and knowing you got just about every question right 
Feels so overwhelmed at the moment 
Can't wait for Intro to Chem E to end so the weekend can begin ! 
Is happy he has friends 
Never imagined he'd be sitting in calculus class learning about the predator-prey relationship between rabbits and wolves ......... 
wonders why life has to be such a physical , academic , and emotional hell right now ......... 
Is home for the weekend !!!!! 
is excited for initiation tonight !! 
The past 8 weeks of pledging have ended and we are now full fledged members of Phi Kappa Sigma ! Congratulations to everyone , I am happy to call every one of you my brothers 
the search for my stuff on the morning where everything went missing is over ! 
loves his next semester schedule where he doesn't start until 11:25 or 1:50 ! The 5pm classes are just a minor setback ..... 
< PROPMALE > Potter 7 was amazing !!! 
Do you hear the people sing ? Say do you hear the distant drums ? it is the future that they bring when tomorrow comes ! 
will be home in roughly 7 hours ! 
hates Chicago traffic that is preventing him from getting home .... 
really thought he could expect more from people , guess I was wrong 
When wilt thou save the people ? Oh God of Mercy when ? 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes !!!! 
Can't wait to be done with finals and go to the Madrigals concert Thursday !!! 
Loved the LT Madrigals concert this evening !!! 
Is finally done with this semester ! 
Dad is recovering in the hospital after 4 hours of surgery , thank God everything went ok ! 
can prove that 2 = 1 
well it looks like we'll have a white Christmas ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all ! 
< PROPMALE > Miserables tickets for Christmas . BEST . CHRISTMAS . EVER !! 
is finally back at IIT wishing that more people were ... 
is off to Men of Honor !!! 
Welcome back cold Chicago winter , you haven't been missed 
A history of the Universe , the short story :\ 
' Hydrogen is a light , odorless gas , which , given enough time , turns into people . ' 
So .......... much ............. snow ........ this is gonna be an amazing day 
Can't wait for < PROPMALE > Miserables tonight 
To love another person is to see the face of God ! \ 
< PROPMALE > Mis last night was amazing ! 
has been freed from the shackles of a finite number of texts per month ! 
\Wow I didn't know girl saliva tasted like fruit ! \ " -Krishen Blows\ 
is so thrilled to have found Pazcki at 7 Eleven , just in time for Pazcki day ! 
Herp derp ! 
So .......... much ........ organic chemistry ................ 
And as the post orgo exam headache sets in , I realize that it's 2 days to spring break and anything I had to stress about is now over ! 
Gotta love free stuff ! 
And an amazing spring break finally comes to a close ..... 
