Just learned how to do this mobile video upload thing ! 

doesn't want to go back to work tomorrow . But , I'm glad I still have a job ! Hoorah , forty hours ... This scotch isn't too bad . Hmmm . 
misses Gabby Bisol ! Zakk misses his godmother . She must see how far he walks by himself . 
self-tanner not working . I am still very vanilla . Could use my forehead and thighs as solar panels . Subtle skin-darkening complex , my ass ... literally . 
is frustrated with social networks . Ahhhh ! There's too much going on here to read and see everything ! The pics , the comments , the blogs . Tests , clubs , groups , friends , albums , links . Must ... read ... all ... 
Steak , steak . Steak , steak , steak . Steak . Wow , the word looks funny and wrong when you type it that many times . Texas de Brazil and many bathroom hours ahead ! 
is being a little vengeful right now . < PROPFEMALE > will get me , I know , but when you have such resources ... 
Curry beef for lunch , YUM ! Seven minutes before I go back to work ... 
a little nostalgia ... I feel like I should be registering for fall classes right now . ( sigh ) 
is missing her big truck right now . No , I don't mean the Uhaul ... 
My nose is like a faucet . I don't want to go to work tomorrow ! 
How do you get green icing stain out of a toddler tank top ? 
Only a few minutes before the boy wakes up . List of things I could do : Sleep , have coffee , work on my novel , make a grocery list ... 
Labor day weekend . Eating grilled hot dogs and watching ' Balls of Fury ' with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . Baby asleep . Now I will have rum . ( Can < PROPFIRST > Walken be anything other than fabulous ? ) 
Fixing my eyes for good tomorrow morning . I suspect it will leave me looking very hung-over . Bye-bye , glasses and contacts ! 
So , about Lasik ... has anyone seen Fire in the Sky ? ( the movie , smartasses ) I was a little afraid they were implanting an intergalactic homing device . 
is wondering what the MFA students think of the Twilight series ... 
We had a cold front today . In Florida-speak , it means ' winter ' . Perfect for an < PROPFEMALE > Cream latte with the hubby at Barnie's! ( Where he gave me a tutorial for my new Instinct from Sprint ) 
Too much rum . A publisher wants to see 3 chapters of my romance novel , yay ! 
was married 12 years ago today ! 
stayed home with baby today . Weather is yuck . Must get a flu shot ... 
Bubbly Baptist Supermom Housewife neighbor wants to be my new best friend . Should I tell her my sister has a wife and we believe in reincarnation ? 
Took Zakk to see < PROPFEMALE > . At 9:00 pm < PROPFEMALE > doesn't want to Ho Ho much . Crying and squirming ensues . 
thought she could handle 5 rum-and-Cokes and two Long Island Ice Teas and still stand up unassisted . ( clearing throat ) < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! 
just finished The Phantom of the Opera ( the audiobook ) . SO GOOD . Disfigured recluse geniuses are always great reading . I hated Raoul , though . Wimp . 
Baby REFUSES to go to sleep ! Thinking of giving him rum ... 
Zakk is finally sleeping all night in his own bed ! ( most days ) 
< PROPFIRST>'s Day = jewelry and chocolate in exchange for not being able to say you have a headache ;) 
Oh , how I love rummmm .... 
Thanks for all the Birthday wishes , guys ! Love you all ! 
wants to go to Texas de Brazil ! Mmm , tummy full of steak . 
Kohl's gift card ... should I buy heeled sandals or a few solid color tees ? 
ate too much steak in honor of her friend J.T. who is now a husband . Don't worry , J.T. without a paternity test no one will know Zakk is yours . Oh , wait , ooops ... 
Can my bangs grow out now , PLEASE !? 
Applied to < PROPFEMALE > to teach a Summer class . Ick . Was that a huge mistake ? As if < PROPFIRST > doesn't suffer enough from me being ' too tired ' ... 
Was Clash of the Titans supposed to be a week-long series on the sci-fi channel and they took a < PROPMALE > putting it on the big screen ? And can no one put their accents in their pockets anymore ? An Aussie in Argos was a bit tough to take . 
Facebooking in work parking lot . attention-hungry toddler makes it too hard to do at home . 
Special K tastes just like Rice Crispies except they have more mass . 
Third day of my vacation . I made taco soup . It was pretty good . 
Happy Late Mother's Day to all my favorite moms ! I hope you all had a wonderful day . 
So , < PROPFEMALE > asked me to teach Fall classes !... at the Osceola campus . Rrrrr . Think I'm going to do it . Hmmm . 
will be teaching Freshman Comp 1 in the Fall ! Will I survive ? 
\Either this kid has a light bulb up his butt or his colon has a great idea . \"" 
How come < PROPFIRST > always gets to spread the news first ?! It's my uterus , after all . Now everybody feels like they have to comment twice in two places . GOSH ! 
Cut my hair again . I think I actually improved it this time . Durn bangs are finally almost grown out ! 
Trying desperately to fight The Waddle . Despite the ball in my belly I will keep the spring in my step ! 
Sick at Home Haiku : My nose was a bog . Now it is like a canyon . I love Sudafed . 
Whew ! Finally got through my first class without a panic attack . Yay . 
I made pumpkin cheesecake and it's awesome ! 
Class number 2 done and done . Do you know how hard it is to teach outlines and effective introductions without putting 25 students in a boredom coma ? 
20+ narrative papers to grade next week . Yikes ! 
Rrrr . Do freshmen really think I won't know they copied their essay from a free essay site ? What a headache ! 
Thanks for all the well-wishing . Hope today is the day , but I think this boy will beat me up for a little while longer ! 
If < PROPMALE > makes his induction date , he will be a Capricorn . If he comes a day before , he'll be a Sagittarius . Hmmm . 
Another boy in the house . Oh , what to do ? Thanks to everyone for all the best wishes . I can finally reach my feet again ! 
I forgot the challenge of typing with one hand and holding a < PROPFEMALE > human in the other . Mom Tardieu took Zakk to the park . THANK YOU !!! 
Squeak is squeaking . ( < PROPMALE > ) Guess that's my cue . He sounds like short bursts of tires squealing . 
Medusa from the new Clash of the Titans looks just like < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > from Shrek ... the face , of course . 
Is it me ? Or does < PROPFEMALE > Swan just love screwing up everyone's life ? Just pick a HUMAN boyfriend for gosh sakes ! 
I'm wearing a BELT with my jeans right now ! It had dust on it from being in the back of the closet for half a year . 
The best way to describe a milk let-down ... a boob-sneeze . 
Anyone know how I can steal all the < PROPMALE > photos < PROPFIRST > posts and put them on my profile , too ? ( Too tedious to post them from our file ! ) 
Cut Zakk's hair today . Put him down for a nap right after so I'm not sure what it looks like yet . Yikes . Don't panic , everyone , it's just a trim ! 
Typing while baby sleeps on chest . Man that took forever ! 
< PROPFIRST > asked me to be his girlfriend 16 years ago today . I hope he's not disappointed in his investment . :) 
Flipping channels allows me to enjoy the freedom not to commit . 
Baby finally dozing . Enjoying some cheez-its . Thinking about writing a vampire novel . 
does not want to go back to work . Rrrrr . Time to make nice with the breast pump again . 
Meat lover's take and bake and Ghost Adventures with hubby . One more week of maternity leave ! 
Already thinking about how much I'm going to miss my boys . My greatest comfort is that I am leaving them with < PROPFEMALE > and Daddy . So lucky am I ! 
11 tops , a sweater , a pair of jeans and 3 toddler tees for fifty bucks at Goodwill today ! Thrifting is awesome . 
Back to work on Monday . Nothing like ending maternity leave on my 13th wedding anniversary . blah . 
I survived my first week back at work . Should I put a sign on the big bathroom stall that says \The mechanical sound you hear is a breast pump\ " ? I know they wonder . " 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes guys ! ( And to my mother-in-law who posted hers early this morning but it didn't come through ) . The credit is due ! Love to you all and thanks for thinking of me . 
J.T. was right . Magic Bullet is cool but not as magic as they suggest ... 
Just finished my birthday Publix cinnamon roll from < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > . YUM ! 
Hoping that the Avalon Barnie's closing down was just an April Fool's joke . I wouldn't be mad . Honest . 
