is holding his car together by pure force of will . 

is in need of a fellow pirate to go to Tybee Island Pirate Fest with him to drink rum and sing bawdy songs . Oct 8th-10th 
is not worried about his surgery tomorrow , but rather the fact that he has to get up at 5 AM to get ready for it . Better set two alarms ... or three . 
In my first recovery week for P90x ( first 30 days ) . Very happy with my progress . 1 to 30 day comparison photos coming at the end of the week . ( you've been warned . ) 
Did the kenpo workout from P90x with wrist weights on last night . Not holding anything back in my quest to get in shape ! 
Wishes he was at Dragon con with his friends . 
is showing his Dad the awesomeness that is Eternal Darkness . This can't be happening ! 
Just got an invite to Cataclysm beta ! ( is also a nerd ) 
After a discussion with Adi and our various nonmagnetic medical metal plates/spikes , I realized that had my eye socket plates been a magnetic metal , I could have constructed a magnetic eye-patch . I am now disappointed . 
Finally got his phone to tether to his laptop after going through installations/drivers/setting and is coming to you live from a car bound for Illinois . 
is taking care of business . 
If you ever though about picking up Left 4 Dead or Left 4 Dead 2 , now is the time . 66% off both games on Steam . 
Fake (+) (+) Perfect ( o)(o ) Perky (*)(*) Cold (^) (^) and even grandma \ 
\\./\\./ Big ( o )( o ) or small (.) (.) SAVE THEM ALL !! Breast cancer \ 
awareness !!! 
Anyone up for driving to Museum Replicas with me tomorrow ? They are in Conyers , lots of Medieval and Renaissance costuming stuff . Gonna get an awesome pair of pirate boots for my costume . Also , awesome Halloween Party at GGC on Friday ! 
< PROPFEMALE > bayles is the coolest chick ever ! 
Is currently on the field at the < PROPFEMALE > vs < PROPFEMALE > tech game . < PROPFIRST > is a senior on the team ! 
Here's to the children ... change your profile picture to a cartoon and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday , there should be no human faces on Facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is a campaign to stop violence against children . 
686 : I would never do that with a chicken , and I can't believe you enjoyed it . You have a sick mind . 
24 : Don't beleive in yourself . Believe in me , who believes in you . For yours is the drill that will pierce the heavens . 
You and I wake up to the Zombie Apocalypse together . Using only 4 words what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this in your status so I can comment on yours . 
has shown his sister the joy of playing Portal . So proud she got all the way through the tests with minimal help . Now to escape ! \ 
\ 
... are you still there ? 
needs to get out of the house . 
PLEASE put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable , and in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower , armed with fire extinguishers . The remaining 1% are awesome , and will re-post this . 
This sounds like it might be fun . \ 
Pay it Forward in 2011 : I promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment here . They must in turn post this and send something they make to the first 5 people who comment on their status . The rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people SOMETIME in 2011 . 
I just realized how long it's been since I played Screaming Ninjas with anyone ... and now I'm sad . 
2 weeks of eating right . \ 
1 week of exercise . \ 
5 pounds gone . Woot . \ 
Just gotta keep it up now . 
The best part of P90X is that second week where everything is a little easier than it was the first week , and you think \Maybe I can survive this . \ " \ 
Bored . Board ! Boooorrred . \ 
Woah . Bored just lost all meaning . But still bored . 
Time for P90x kenpo . Got some aggression to burn off . Can't think with a hot head . 
me : It's like dating a crazy chick . Just when you think you can't take anymore and want to give up , she says she needs space and it's over , leaving you confused and relieved . \ 
Correy : We're still talking about Physics II , right ? \ 
me : Of course . 
Upping the intensity . Just ran 3 < PROPMALE > in addition to my P90x workout . That 6-pack will be mine ! 
A person cannot foresee what the future holds . But a person can just hope that the future does not accidentally drop what it is holding . 
Second month of P90x is starting smoothly enough . Lost 13lbs total now . :) 
Just watched < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim Versus the World again . I will forever associate < PROPMALE > Patel with Adi and Knives < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > . 
Just got steroids injected into my eyelid . He could totally beat up your eyelid . 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
Tribalcon show tonight ! :: excited :: 
I have this terrible urge to be social . \ 
WHAT IS HAPPENING TO ME ?! 
I want to get out of the house tomorrow . Anyone up to anything ? 
Last night I learned some poi moves , lit my hand on fire , ate fire , watched some awesome displays of fire spinning , and met some of the most awesome and friendly people I have in a long time . Totally going back to CoLab next week . 
Was wrestling with my dad until a loud pop in my lower ribcage threw in the towel for me . Who would have thought a man twice my size could squeeze my ribs til they rolled around ? \ 
I totally had him this time too . <.< 
If my treadmill is correct , I just burned 1,233 calories . \ 
I need to go eat something . XD 
Me : Planning is dumb . \ 
Tim : I wouldn't plan on planning . It's not a good plan . \ 
Me : I prefer plotting . Much easier . \Guests\ " have no idea they are even invited to plots . " 
Should not be awake . Surprise night shift messed up my sleep schedule . I think I'm gonna watch Fight Club . I've had an urge recently to watch it again . 
It's just , when you buy furniture , you tell yourself , that's it . That's the last sofa I'm gonna need . Whatever else happens , I've got that sofa problem handled . 
Surprise double shift ! 16 hours of awesomeness . It's a party here in the NOC til 11 and I'm the only one invited . 
Ah , crab ragoon . You're my only company tonight on this long shift . 
Running memtest on my computer . Couldn't get past the 2nd of 9 tests . 100 million errors per memory slot and counting . \ 
I think it's time for some new memory . 
Just killed a big spider for the cleaning lady here at work . :: flex :: 
I just wanted to take some time to reiterate how awesome Newegg.com really is for customer service . I bought an item from them that went on sale the very next day , and they are going to credit me the difference . Please , keep them in mind next time you're thinking about upgrading your computer . 
