' s nocturnal sleep rhythm makes it really easy for him to stay up for the new year lol 

had lots of fun at grad parties yesterday and chillin ' with friends :) 
has bought 3 different video games in less than a month ... proving that he lacks purpose and drive . 
feels the need to update his status even though he hasn't done anything exciting yet . 
didn't know Elder Scrolls IV : Oblivion was such a good game ! It should keep him entertained for several weeks . 
got bored of playing Oblivion because < PROPMALE > showed him a bunch of cheats ... The game just seems pointless to him now and he is mad at < PROPMALE > . 
hopes all the people who left on the camping trip to North < PROPFEMALE > have a fun time :) 
is open for suggestions on how he should spend his time this week . 
needs some structure in his routine ... his schedule is moving swiftly toward nocturnality 
wishes he had someone to dictate a productive and beneficial schedule to him . He's not good at making one up on his own ... :( 
had an awesome time at < PROPMALE>'s grad party/rave ! 
has heard that < PROPFIRST > Mays has died and is pondering the recent deaths of important individuals . 
made brownies at 3 A.M. for fun . 
is thinking of working on his housekeeping skills by doing some dishes and laundry ... just a thought though ;) 
is updating his status . 
tried to adjust his sleep schedule by staying awake for 28 hours but only made it about 22 :( 
is eating breakfast 
got really good sleep last night 
is impressed by his new shampoo with conditioner :) 
is wondering why his dog is barking at 1 AM 
is not a < PROPMALE > Potter fan . 
got 4 different immunization shots today and is all drugged up for college ! :p 
got his rooming assignment for college and is next to the TV lounge and across the hall from the kitchen !!! :D 
got his laptop for college and installed the full verison of Windows 7 on it :D 
absolutely loves his new laptop and has christened it his primary computer ;) 
doesn't leave for college until September but it seems like everyone else is leaving now ... Oh how the time flies ... 
is posting his status . 
has been compiling links to helpful guides for laundry and other essential tasks at college . He now feels more prepared to survive ! :) 
is so ready for college ... What does one do on one's last day at home ? 
cashed in his savings bonds and one of them earned like $120 interest over 5 years which is cool . 
is packing up for college and needs to power down his laptop soon for the trip . Eager to see how this all plays out the next few days ! Goodbye Ohio , I don't know how I will feel when I'm not living in a swing state :P . To my friends : thanks for the good times , I hope you all embrace your own exciting journeys in the years to come :) 
is settled into his dorm room at college and is loving it ! rigorous schedule this weekend for student orientation , eager to get plugged in :) 
first class tomorrow , I only have 1 class tuesdays/thursdays but 4 classes M/W/F 
had his first class this morning and was pleased with how it went . Using a laptop to take notes is satisfyingly efficient :) 
is trying to figure out the best ways to study for his different classes . Seems like a waste to read and take notes when the book already has a chapter summary : / Probably better to embed it more deeply in my mind though ... 
just had his pack of tic tacs out 1 minute ago and now can't remember where he put them ... 
has been confronted with several personal failures this evening ... got a curfew violation because I simply forgot to check in even though I've been sitting in my dorm room for 3+ hours :( 
has found that weekends are even more enthusiastically welcomed at college than at any previous stage in his life . 
is gradually working out how to survive ( and eventually thrive ! ) at college ... today marks the beginning of the second week of classes . 
thoroughly enjoys his psychology class . World literature is a struggle and composition is tedious ... 
meh : / 
don't forget to vote today for dorm senators ! 10 am - 2pm in the commons , 4pm-7pm in the mallway ! 
is having a pleasant evening :) 
has won the senatorial election for his dorm ! :) He will represent Bowman House with pride :D 
Bowman House retreat Saturday and Sunday ... no idea what that's about lol 
just got back from the Bowman House retreat ... good times :) 
is kinda bored for the first time in college lol ... everyone's in class but I only have one class on Tuesdays in the morning ... 
first student development committee meeting tonight . Ah , the life of a senator ... ;) 
is getting way too excited about student government and needs to get his school work done ... lol 
is sad because his friends seem to be having a tough time at college :( 
is feeling mischievious ;) 
is wearing long sleeves for the first time since like ... February 
scored in the bottom 6% for study habits on his College Student Inventory analysis ... I'm obviously going to fail college . 
long day ... packed schedule from 8:00 a.m. to 6 p.m. 
got a haircut . Nothing special but I hadn't gotten it cut in like ... 9 months or so 
is good at unintentionally hurting people . 
World Literature test in 10 minutes ... Not good . 
loves college . Especially on the weekends :) 
gets up really late on the weekends . 
is not as tired as he normally is at this time on mondays . Perhaps the energy normally expended on tasting and smelling is diverted to the rest of his body due to his nasal congestion . 
student government is intense . 
is listening to Eye of the Tiger to get pumped for the day ;) 
is caught up in the pure ecstacy of a London Fog from the campus coffee shop . 
has a hangnail :( 
is learning that people have experienced the same emotions for thousands of years ... 
lacks confidence in the quality of his most recent essay :( 
feels the coming of a new season ; a time of change ... Will he reflect the death and decay of nature around him , or grow and flourish in spite of it ? 
is pro at laundry . 
has found irony in the statement , \I hate closed-minded people \"." 
is satisfied with his day . Time for bed :) 
wishes people didn't let eachother down all the time . 
is stumped for an ethnographic essay topic 
sucks at college . 
food service subcommittee meeting at 8:00 AM ... Ah , what I do for my constituents ... ;) 
gets to write a 10 < PROPFEMALE > paper for psychology class all about him . He likes this idea ;) 
got 2 hours of sleep last night . At least I got my paper done haha 
laundry day ! 
likes friends :) 
is participating in a psychology study squad ! 
had a restful weekend . 
where does everybody go on Monday nights ??? 
just found out the test he thought was thursday is actually tomorrow ... time to cram ;) 
is glad that all of his Thursday classes were cancelled so he can sleep in and leave early for fall break ! 
CHAOS !!!! 
is hiding from his responsibilities . 
is heading home for the weekend :) 
forgot how good home can be ... 
is watching Braveheart ! 
is listening to Renaissance classical music whilst studying < PROPMALE>'s Inferno . 
needs to remember to wear his nametag to the student government meeting tonight . 
had another one of those days where he had a thousand things to get done and didn't do any of them . 
starting a research paper at 2:00 A . M .... This is my college experience . 
weekends are so much better than weekdays . I suppose we have to have weekdays in order to have weekends though . Interesting . 
wonders every day if he should even be in college . 
depressed :/ 
feeling better after watching some Justice League :) 
is experiencing horrible back pain today ... weird . 
awesome Friday night ... good way to start a weekend :) 
absolutely loves being a part of University Singers ! :) 
had very strange dreams during his morning nap 
woke up late and missed his first class 
stayed up way later than he initially planned ... so goes a college weekend :p 
went to Indianapolis for a few hours and had a really fun time . It's a suprisingly pleasant city ! 
is probably not coming back to IWU next semester ... much to figure out ... 
really loves University Singers sooooo much , too bad it's only for an hour on Tuesdays and Thursdays :( 
laundry day ! I like clean clothes . 
is staring at a wrinkle on a piece of printer paper . 
straightened his hair ! pics coming soon ... 
likes college weekends and college friends ! College homework sucks though ... 
wow fire alarm at 2:00 A . M ... really ? 
heading home this afternoon ... driving 4 hours on my own will be an adventure haha :) 
made it home safely and realized that he accidentally chose the \avoid tolls\ " route on mapquest which is about an hour longer ... " 
can't wait to see his friends back at college , but also really loves being home . 
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone ! I've had a wonderful day and tonight's gonna be a good night ;) 
saw 2012 tonight with a couple friends . It was ok but far from great : / had a great birthday though ! I guess I'm 18 now ... weird . 
really misses high school ... growing up is overrated :( 
shaved ! smooth skin feels great :) He is proud to have made it through No-Shave November ;) 
is making some changes to become more disciplined . He is very grateful for his Bowman brothers and friends helping him :) 
is heading to Chicago for the weekend with good friends :) 
sent a letter in the mail today ! It's exciting to use such an antique form of communication ... I feel like I'm participating in an ancient ritual :p 
slept through his psych class and woke up at noon ... 2 missed calls and 5 text messages on my cell phone lol 
is pretty much where he was a year or two ago . Very little personal growth has occured in his life . He has much to learn and much to change for the new year ... 
is out of bed and scavenging for food 
finished his psychology final ... gonna miss that class :'( 
eatin ' a sugar cookie . Tastes like loneliness and regret ... but also freedom :) 
just played an amazing game of football with the boys ! threw a long touchdown and caught a long throw . :) Trust the Dutch Touch ! ;) 
wishes he could be home without packing , cleaning , driving , and unpacking . 
leaving for home ! Can't wait :) 
is glad to be home ! Incredibly bored though ... Dinner with my dad tonight and then we'll see who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out :) 
is really dissatisfied with life . Man I seriously miss high school badly :( I guess I haven't really grown up yet . Failed this semester of college pretty badly . I need to make some changes , I don't like the direction I'm taking . 
pulled an all-night < PROPFEMALE > party with the boys :) going to bed ... 
needs to get out of the house with friends . Too bad it's 3:00 AM :( 
had a fun time today with friends and a movie :) 
feels thoroughly blessed by his friends and family :) 
saw Sherlock Holmes ... TWO THUMBS UP ! ;) 
got snowed in at the Wasils and ended up having a really fun time :) 
I haven't indulged in the guilty pleasure of nostalgia lately . Perhaps I shall fall victim to that vice tonight instead of champagne ... 
is getting blood work done at the doctor's today . Just a routine check ... maybe they will finally discover that he is a mutant ! Or even worse ... Dutch ... 
forgot about server maintenance today on World of Warcraft :( gonna be really bored til like 2 pm 
' s not going back to IWU this semester ... heading in tomorrow to pick up my stuff 
is quite fond of his handkerchief 
It's much easier to turn a car that's moving instead of standing still - think about it 
about to go to \Contemporary World Problems\ " class at LCCC - a fresh start ;) " 
has been listening to lots of music by the Black Eyed Peas and is finding much of their work to be surprisingly profound and inspirational . 
likes Chipotle now . I just ordered the wrong kind of burrito the first time . 
Obama cancelled my sociology class for tomorrow :) 
finds community college to be a strange limbo between success and failure 
it's the weekend ! Chipotle tastes good ! Sociology class is interesting ! 
LOL \I'm on a Boat\ " was nominated at the Grammies " 
pretty much everyone I meet tells me that < PROPMALE > Pitt almost looks as good as I do , so I figured I'd give a little nod to the underdog for celebrity look-alike week ;) 
procrastination induces a temporary high of freedom :) 
missed out on Texas Roadhouse for dinner because he fell asleep on the couch :( 
thinks everyone should try using a handkerchief instead of tissues ... it's much better ! 
Man , the frosted treetops of Ohio's woods are really pretty in the morning light ! 
is banking on his classes being cancelled ... is it better to hope and be let down or to never hope at all ? 
is enjoying the weekend :) 
wonders why other schools have President's Day off while LCCC is open . 
So this one time I was updating my status and then I posted it . I always smile when I remember that special moment . 
is amazing ! 
is upgrading to DirecTV HD but doesn't have an HD TV 
needs to nail down a college < PROPMALE > pretty soon 
writing a paper about < PROPFEMALE>'s economy 
is becoming fat and lonely :( maybe he should join a gym club ! 
can't wait for broseph to come back for spring break 
wants to know what you like and dislike most about American culture and the way our country functions ! 
if you had a snow day today I hope you enjoyed it enough for the rest of us who go to college and don't get snow days anymore :( 
has no idea why or how he stayed up this late , but knows that he will regret it tomorrow . 
so I hear Canada won the olympics ? 
this gray sky is negatively affecting me :( 
is finding his independent study of personality types to be thoroughly stimulating and immeasurably useful 
wow what a gorgeous day ! I didn't know the sky could be so blue ! 
just heard that a blind guy beat Zelda : The Ocarina of Time ... amazing 
the sun has reclaimed our once-frozen deck ! Fight on , harbinger of Spring , fight on ! 
an owl keeps hooting in my back yard and it's really creepy this late at night 
driving into lagrange with the windows down blasting hard rock music is fun . loving this weather ! 
staying up way too late again ... why do I keep doing this ? Gotta break my addiction to strategy games haha 
spring break coming up ! exclamation points ! 
internet connectivity issues make me sad :'( 
is sorting through his collection of nets to see which one is best for catching some Z's 
is digging in to fight the end of spring break 
writing a philosophy paper and discussing the healthcare < PROPMALE > 
wants some chewing gum 
is reading philosophy . He always seems to do this long after midnight ... 
sociology is HIGHLY intriguing ! I will definitely be exploring this field more thoroughly in future semesters 
wow I was so excited for sociology today and then I ended up sleeping through my alarm and missing both of my classes ... and sociology is only 1 day per week ... I was angry at first but now I'm sad :( 
found a ladybug on the toilet seat , flicked it into the bowl , watched it struggle for a while , and then flushed it away . He may have derived sick pleasure from this . Perhaps it will be a source of bad < PROPFEMALE > ... 
missed class today to stay home and let the refrigerator repair man in . I don't like missing class but I didn't have the homework done so it buys me time lol 
is really excited about going to bed in a couple of minutes !!! Sleep is fun ! 
anyone hear the NPR april fools ' segment on \calendar reform\ " in the health < PROPMALE > ? priceless ! haha " 
it's 11:11 make a wish ! 
2 < PROPFEMALE > paper on the history of Iran due at 2:30 that I haven't started ... Time for a lunch break :) 
I hate when I have a bunch of questions to ask but the professor fills up the whole class just taking notes/lecturing and we can't discuss ... 
* sigh * what's the point in even having a democracy when so many people don't care about politics at all ... 
today was annoying . 
today was compensation for yesterday :) 
Friedrich Nietzsche's philosophical theories are appauling and abhorrent . Just sayin ' ... 
from what I can tell , Jesus was definitely not a capitalist 
thinks too much 
it is hard to get beyond someone's worldview when discussing controversial issues . Their level of care about what you are saying depends on whether your ideas conform to their belief system . 
feels emotions sometimes 
saw Date Night . The plot was really farfetched but it was a good movie :) 
reading philosophy and looking over a Student Life brochure to see what clubs I can join 
is doing push ups to bulk up for final exams 
Today I saw a group of nursing students in their nurse uniforms standing outside the Health Sciences building . They were all smoking . 
is $20 a normal price for a haircut ? 
turned down his laptop's screen brightness for Earth Day 
wonders why people enjoy storms ... they are inherently threatening ! You are more likely to be injured , die , or lose electricity/internet during a storm than during calm weather . Rain is fine because it brings water and life but why storms ??? 
I can't believe the Republicans have voted down a measure just to TALK about finance reform . They're beyond rational debate ... I guess there's a downside to democracy . 
thinks all foods should be modeled after bananas . Bananas come in their own convenient , biodegradable packages and are full of healthy nutrients that boost energy :) 
This semester has confirmed my suspicion that my primary motive is the pursuit of knowledge 
needs a job for summer and some new computer games 
learningggggg is funnnnnn 
spent 4 hours productively today and wasted the other 20 
These are not the droids you're looking for . 
hates the feeling he gets when he spends 2 hours trying to conquer the galaxy and ends up losing :( 
McDonalds makes a good vanilla ice cream cone 
projects are out of the way , just final exams left and then summer ! I need a job ... 
I think that if facebook changed their default background to black instead of white , a lot of energy would be saved because computer monitors wouldn't have to be so bright all the time . 
is selfishly updating his status for attention 
Often you don't realize the gravity of your decisions when you make them ... : / 
excited :D 
would much rather be discussing what he's learned than taking written exams 
the political situation in Britain is quite fascinating these days . Jolly good ! 
misses when he used to sing every day in choir class for six years ... good times :) 
is trying to solve a mystery ... 
the plot thickens ... 
competence and cooperation create a powerful force for solving problems 
why do some people wash their hands with antibacterial hand soap and then use hand sanitizer as well ??? 
' 95 Buick Skylark = best car everrrrr 
wow what a good day ! Time to spread around some positivity ... :) 
hopes everything goes according to plan ... 
Facts ruin a good debate . 
has put in a surge of effort for his job search . Follow-up calls tomorrow ! 
omg there was an ODCS choir concert tonight ??? I would've gone if I had known :( 
loves almonds . I bet a person could live healthily on a diet of just tree nuts , they're jam-packed with nutrients ! Maybe I'll become a vegetarian someday ... naaaaah :p 
likes people :) 
< PROPFIRST > McNabb fails at making eggs 
back from a weekend in Chicago . I'm so happy to be home :) I might have picked up a virus from the hotel Wi-Fi though ... 
My dad ate 50% more pizza than I did . If I ate 4 slices of pizza , how many slices did my dad eat ? ( MATH IN REAL LIFE !!! ) 
feels bad when he mows over ant colonies 
likes a certain special someone :) 
Fallout 3 is a good game 
is in dire need of a nourishing meal ! 
the British are coming ! 
The British arrived today and I managed to avoid them except for a short introductory encounter . Enjoyed a fun cookout today with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Black :) 
they took my table :( 
< PROPMALE > really messed up this time ... why don't they ever apologize ? 19 people dead and all they can say is \self defense ! \"" 
didn't celebrate national Chipotle day :( 
it's facebook official ! :o 
people get outraged at the most meaningless things sometimes ... 
congratulations to the class of 2010 ! :) 
It was good to see people from Open Door tonight :) congratulations graduates ! I miss high school ... 
found an amazing store and got three new computer games today for less than $8 each ! 
wants classes to start back up so that he can discuss issues with people every day 
had a most wonderful picnic date with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Black ! She is so beautiful :) 
summer takes the anticipation out of weekends : / 
Netherlands vs . Denmark tomorrow ! 
VICTORY FOR NETHERLANDS 2-0 !!! I totally predicted it :p 
had a great dinner with friends :) Off to the zoo tomorrow ! fun fun fun :D 
it's amazing what little things like a disk defragmentation and a reboot will do for my computer :) 
had a fun day at the zoo ! It's inspiring to witness first-hand the animals you would otherwise only see on TV or read about . 
has arrived at his family reunion in New Jersey after an 8 hour car ride ... I am surprised they have internet access in these 19th century rooms lol 
is back from his family reunion . Let's < PROPFEMALE > out :) 
it's interesting to consider why we give some people the benefit of the doubt and are quick to judge others . Is past behavior a reliable indicator of the motivations behind future actions ? 
I wonder if any of us really understand this life ... 
the sky is orange/yellow ! 
I predict Netherlands vs . Germany in the World Cup finals 
had fish for breakfast 
look at my horse , my horse is amazing ! 
kickball at LaGrange Central Park at 7:30 ! Everyone should come ! < PROPMALE > Mclaughlin is hosting . It will be fun :) 
kickball/soccer was lots of fun :) it's good to get out and play 
the sun sets , it is the dawning of a new night 
this chicken stir fry < PROPFEMALE > Cuisine is delicious ! 
that was a close one for the Netherlands , I'm glad the clock ran out when it did . On to the finals ! I predict Germany . My long-term prediction is coming true :) 
what is warped tour ? 
Ah , the power of the media ... My dad ( who doesn't know the first thing about basketball ) is now up in arms about Lebron leaving the Cavs after watching the local news 
Go Netherlands ! 
Noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo 
got an interview at Best Buy on Thursday :D feel free to post some interview tips please :) 
got new clothes for the interview and a haircut ... there goes my first two paychecks 
interview tomorrow ! shoes polished and clothes ironed - now for a dash of Dutch swagger and this one's in the bag ;) 
the interview was a success ! I now have another interview on Tuesday and if I make it past that one I'll have a third one before I'm hired 
We all have something positive to contribute to the lives of others every day . The small things are what matter most ! 
trust is delicate 
Knight and Day was a good movie . < PROPMALE > Cruise is a good actor , He really brought the right style and attitude to this film :) 
That interview was much different than the first one ... 
aww I just got < PROPMALE > roll'd 
I think Inception might cause some people to actually commit suicide ... It's THAT mind-blowing 
time to sit back and see what happens ... 
\You keep telling yourself what you know . But what do you believe ? What do you feel ? \"" 
is tired of being bored and wants classes to start up again . Maybe I'll get a call back about a job soon ? I need something to change . 
just killed a fly by flicking it with his right ring finger . Also , he is frustrated because he doesn't understand why people like thunderstorms . 
Received a call from Best Buy today and is set for a third and final interview on Monday ! I will know immediately if I am hired :) 
\ ... you have to embrace your likes and dislikes or you will forever drown in choices . \"" 
is a new employee of Best Buy so long as he passes the drug test tomorrow :) Orientation on Saturday ! 
human beings are fundamentally irrational 
had fun at < PROPMALE > & Busters today :D half-price games every Wednesday ! I still have 40+ credits left on my card 
is ridin ' solo 
I passed the drug test in case anyone was wondering haha :p Orientation is Saturday ! 
just found a twig in his hair after mowing the lawn over an hour ago ... 
music is a good friend in lonely times 
will welcome the structure that employment and school will bring to his life . Maybe I'll actually go to bed at night and be awake during the day ;) 
what a day ... it was my first day on the job at Best Buy and I've got a lot of information to process . It looks like there will be some intense training ahead 
\An ethical person often chooses to do more than the law requires and less than the law allows . \ " - Best Buy Code of Business Ethics " 
was reminded today that positivity and a good attitude will attract people to you :) 
don't you just hate it when a conversation feels like pulling teeth ? 
check out the political discussion happening on < PROPFIRST > Pepple ' s wall/status . I'd love to see some more people weigh in :) 
wants to see < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs . The World 
set his alarm for 11:00 AM ... woke up at 3:00 PM 
entertainment for tonight's laundry-folding session was provided by : < PROPFIRST > Swift 
sometimes I get sad :( 
I set up my first checking account ever today ! The past two days have been rough . I need some good sleep tonight 
It's the last weekend before school starts back up ! Time to have some end-of-summer fun :D 
< PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs . The World is one of the greatest films of my generation ! I laughed a ton , nearly cried , and spilt most of the popcorn on the floor :D I haven't had that much fun at the movies in years ! A great night with friends :) 
\The greatest enemy of a good plan is the dream of a perfect plan . \"" 
loves being saturated in knowledge every day thanks to his schooling at Lorain County Community College and his training at Best Buy :) 
has nothing important to say but feels the inexplicable urge to update his status 
I wish I had been born 100 years in the future , it feels like the world is in the middle of a lot of critical changes that probably won't be resolved in my lifetime 
is getting pumped for another day on the sales floor ... ALL DAY , NOT A GAME ! 
I am more tired than I've been at any point in the past 3 months 
I might have received my first paycheck tonight ... I'll have to stop at the bank tomorrow to see if there's magically money in my account . Direct Deposit really reduces the coolness of your first paycheck lol 
Life is quite good right now , I shall savor every bite :) 
? Hello again , friend of a friend . I knew you when our common goal was waiting for the world to end . Now that the truth is just a rule that you can bend , you crack the whip , shapeshift and trick the past again . ? 
shopped for nearly 2 hours and bought ... a pair of shoes 
I want to talk about life with a wise old < PROPFEMALE > . Beard and robe required . Staff optional . 
\Society learned long ago that self-sufficiency breeds inefficiency . The jack-of-all-trades may be a very colorful individual but is certainly not an efficient producer . \ " -My Economics Textbook " 
I feel lonely 
Never underestimate the value of a friend :) 
I need to get my voter registration form in the mail ASAP ! 
The average markup of movie theater popcorn is 1275% 
Friends , good food , and stimulating entertainment make me happy . I have had plenty of each today :) 
going through all of my old video games has proved to be worth the effort :) 
Sometimes I feel like everyone else is having more fun than I am : / 
I have so much to say and so few people to talk to haha . I am craving a face-to-face , in-depth discussion ! I miss high school , where I could talk about many different things every day in all of my classes . 
I feel really good about the forum post I just wrote for Composition :) 
so get this ... somebody hacks my world of warcraft account and renews the subscription , my friend texts me that my character is online ... so I log in and change my password and get all my items and gold returned . Now I have a free month of WoW on the hacker's credit card lol 
My next paycheck hits on Friday and I still haven't spent half of my first paycheck ! What do I do with all this money ??? 
Haribo Gold-Bears are the best gummy bears on the market . I would never trust a generic brand over Haribo ! 
Today is a good day :) about to wreak some havoc on the sales floor . ALL DAY , NOT A GAME ! 
School was good . Work sucked . Well , more like I sucked at work ... : / 
What do you do to stay energized ? Between school , work , homework , and Facebook I get pretty drained these days ! 
I really like that Facebook now consolidates your notifications so you don't get 10 of them saying that 10 other people commented on the same status you did . I had only 3 notifications today representing a dozen posts :) 
Quite a good day today ! I gained a good deal of knowledge , a chunk of confidence , and a drop of wisdom :) 
After plugging my finances into a spreadsheet , I've found that I spent 40.2% of my first paycheck on food and snacks , 20.1% on gas , and have 28% left over ! The rest was miscellaneous . 
If I judge the quality of my day by the quality of the food I ate , today was one of the best days of my life :) 
I've got a hot date scheduled this weekend with my Microeconomics textbook ;) 
Consider the time it takes to do something normal ( like laundry , homework , or updating your status ) . Now , multiply that amount of time by 4 . That is how much time I usually spend thinking about why and how I should do that same task before I do it ... 
Today was a good day . I'm gaining a lot of confidence at work and I was able to demonstrate some of my skill today :) I like my job ! 
Mount & Blade : Warband is the most underrated game of all time ! EVERYBODY needs to play this game ! :D 
WOW ! Hamburger + bleu cheese crumbles + sauteed onions = DELICIOUS ! 
I am seeking a female companion . Date suggestions welcome :) 
what a boring day ... I didn't even enjoy the time I wasted lol 
\A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush . \"" 
I find myself consistently putting more effort into conversations than the other person 
I'd like some cheese with my whine . 
Red Bull tastes so sweet on a Sunday afternoon 
Will I ever do my weekly homework before sunday night ? Will I ever get a paper or project done more than one day before it's due ? I don't feel like answering these questions right now ... maybe some other time . ;) 
I just read an article claiming that staunch liberalism is stifling intellectual freedom on college campuses . My entire educational experience has been saturated in conservatism ... 
I am quite full of < PROPFEMALE > ale 
food is expensive ! 
:'/ 
Sometimes it's good to just stare up at the night sky and put things in perspective . By the way , Jupiter is just to the east of the < PROPFEMALE > tonight . It's the closest Jupiter will be to earth for the next 10 years ;) 
My doctor told me that I look \evenly distributed\ " ... I think she was flirting with me :p " 
My latest paycheck was unusually large ... Gonna make it rain in the club !!! ;) 
I'm kinda disappointed in the game I just bought ... maybe I haven't given it enough time to grow on me :/ 
Compatible senses of humor are rare 
politics impede good governance 
I like my smart friends :) 
French people are interesting 
It is hard to start an essay when I know it's going to take a couple of hours to finish :( 
I've made this essay more difficult to write than it should be :/ 
upgraded our internet from 3 Mbps to 12 Mbps for just $5 more per month ... this is much faster ! :) Now I never have to wait for movies to buffer on youtube because the streaming is so fast :D 
hmmm 5 < PROPFEMALE > essay due tomorrow ... red bull in the fridge ... all nighter ? I think so . ;) 
Essay done ! Time for 1 hour of sleep before I have to get ready for school ... and then work right afterward ... This is uncharted territory for me lol 
I was less tired during the day than I expected after getting only 1 hour of sleep last night . The only hard part was getting out of bed . Oh , and the essay's due date has been postponed to next week . So ... yeah ... waste of an all-nighter ........ 
I eat so much more fast food now that I have a job and school ... 
just watched Defiance . It was a great movie ! 
Because of the price of the metals involved , the cost of minting a < PROPFEMALE > is 1.67 cents . Also , the cost of minting a nickel is 7.7 cents . Why do we still use these small coins ?? 
is sick and is staying home from school and work today . This gives him the opportunity to catch up on sleep , Facebook , and quiet contemplation . 
It's hard to make a convincing argument when I can see all of the flaws in my own reasoning :) 
I'm not really on top of things lately . I need to channel my energy toward specific tasks . 
Ughhhh I do not recommend splitting McDonald's 50 McNugget meal any less than 4 ways ... especially if you get fries and a drink at the same time :( 
I feel like I've already been alive a long time 
So ... a customer set me up with a girl today by giving me her number but she won't respond to my gentlemanly text messages :( 
Biology is a very interesting class ! It ranks up there with Sociology and Psychology ;) 
I've made lots of poor choices this week . I need a personal consultant lol 
Music sounds better on Saturdays . Breakfast tastes better than usual too ! :D 
trained a large band of warriors from raw recruits today but then led them into a bloodbath ... 50 virtual lives were lost :'( . There's got to be a better way to take down heavy cavalry ! 
I've heard twice today that 10/10/10 won't happen again for 1,000 years , but I'm pretty sure it happens every 100 years ... October 10th , 2110 will be written as 10/10/10 . What's really cool is October 10th , 1010 ;) 
Time to buckle down and do work ! But first I will take a pre-emptive break ... 
finally finished my online certifications for work ! I should've done this weeks ago lol 
What is the sound of one hand clapping ? 
It is a good feeling to speak freely without fear of judgment or an angry response 
Smoking is bad enough , but when I see someone throw their cigarette out the car window ... grrr ... Cars are equipped with ash trays ! -_- 
This nagging loneliness needs to get fixed soon :/ 
needs to develop new coping mechanisms and emotional outlets 
I'm too school for cool ;) 
so many choices ... so little guidance ... 
Tonight I am happy :) 
I hate faucets that inject air into the water flow . When you turn the knob to increase the flow , you don't get any more water , it just adds air pressure ... it ends up taking longer to wash your hands ! A steady flow of water without air and a thick , non-runny soap are the best :) 
I don't care about politics as much as I used to :/ I think it's these campaign ads ... everyone is just lying all the time . I wish government operated based on statistics , science , and reason . 
Half of my life is going well , the other half is dragging me down , and the third half is analyzing it all :p 
My new profile picture is friendlier :) 
I am very disappointed in the quality of BP's car wash . I had to wash the dirt streaks off of my door by hand afterward :( 
maybe I should write poems ? 
\Sheep ! Mere sheep ! Easily dispersed if we strike the shepherd ! \ " - < PROPMALE > Longshanks from \ " Braveheart \"" 
What if < PROPFEMALE > Parks had a car ? 
The new week falls upon the prepared and unprepared just the same ... 
I waved to someone 15 feet away from me at school today because I thought I knew them ... But they just made an angry face at me :( 
I wonder if I would learn more by staying asleep and letting my dreams teach me than by going to class ... hmmm :p 
Suddenly , I am motivated to improve ! :O 
Today was one of those days where I just wanted to curl up and die :/ 
I did not realize that you are supposed to tip your hair dresser ... Heading back later tonight to make it right lol 
Tonight was a great night ! I visited a Hindu < PROPFEMALE > with a couple of friends and had an awesome time at < PROPMALE > Buffalo for dinner :) 
had a wonderful night out at Crocker Park for my mom's birthday :D 
I am hiding in the basement from the thousands of ghouls and goblins outside ... I hope they don't eat my car in the driveway :o 
Maybe I should go off to college somewhere . First , I should probably choose a < PROPMALE > . Alternatively , I could travel ... I've got it ! I'll be a travelling philosopher ! 
I have created a predicament for myself once again ... Now to slay the beast I've spawned ! 
I hate how each \question\ " on this microeconomics homework is actually made up of four or five questions ... " 
So ... our new governor's favorite TV show is Fox News ... needless to say , I fear for the future of our state . 
Working 9 PM to 1 AM tonight for the midnight release of Kinnect for the Xbox 360 ! 
Kinect is impressive ! I am mildly sore from playing the demo so much with customers lol 
I am starting to invest some of my savings and I'm looking for advice on where to put my money . I'm doing my own research but I'd also like to hear some opinions from my Facebook friends :) If you're an adult : what do you wish you would have done at my age with your money ? 
I want to do something fun and spontaneous tomorrow ! Maybe I'll burst into song in the middle of my biology exam ... :) 
Why should we celebrate Guy Fawkes Day ? It's a celebration of the FAILURE of a plot to blow up the English Parliament . That is un-American ! People will find an excuse to celebrate anything these days ... 
Lots of free time this weekend :) 
There's been a lot of break-ups on my News Feed lately . It's reminding me that we're all in a struggle against loneliness and despair . We need each other for encouragement and support . We all experience heartbreak , so let's reach out to one another . :) 
I got the most sleep I've had in a long time last night :) 
I need to get rid of this emotional baggage , it's destroying me :/ Also , I hate that it's sunday night and I have a big lab test tomorrow . And I'm disappointed in myself for using Facebook to vent my problems lol 
I've gained some clarity . Talking to people who have my best interests at heart has brought me closer to the right path . 
Looking forward to meeting with my academic counselor on Wednesday to plot a course for my future :) 
People in white helmets are striking my house repeatedly with various tools . I think they want to fight or something . 
Booooo essay . :( Choosing a topic is the hardest part . 
YOU DECIDE : Should employees be able to say whatever they want about their employers on Facebook ? I'm writing an essay and I'd like to hear ideas ! 
My mind is so bogged down ... I'm not making any significant progress on this essay . This might turn into an all-nighter ! :O 
Just finished my essay ! Now to catch an hour of rest and then make it safely to school on time ... 
I operated surprisingly well on one hour of sleep today ... I felt less tired than I do when I sleep for 6 hours ( slight undersleep ) or 10 hours ( oversleep ) 
picked up < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs . The World on DVD today !!! 
The afternoon and evening flew by way too fast today ... 
It's dumb that the sun goes down before 6:00 PM now . Darkness makes the days feel shorter :( 
So that's how it's gonna be ... >:/ New plan ! 
Haha ... \If the opposite of ' pro ' is ' con ' ... What is the opposite of ' progress' ? \"" 
I just spent 15 minutes closely monitoring the number of \thumbs up\ " ratings my comment received on a Yahoo news article . Now I can cuddle my inflated ego while I sleep :) " 
Lunch time ! It's the best time to eat lunch ! 
Good times today :) 
Watching Casino Royale with my parents ... all three of us are on our laptops haha 
It's gonna be a good day ! 
I played football today and got hit in the face pretty hard . It has re-arranged some things in my head . Now I enjoy country music and the taste of diet soda :( 
feeling pretty chill 
It's amazing how fast you can run out of money when you don't work enough hours 
I enjoy reading articles 
I think that rainbows probably do taste like Skittles ... so good ! Especially the new \Fizzl'd Fruits\ " fizzy skittles lol " 
Is anybody else not really into < PROPMALE > Potter ? Cuz I feel left out :/ 
If you had a birthday coming up , what would you do to celebrate ? 
I lack direction and motivation :/ All of my energy is going to waste ! 
new brake pads on my car ! now I can stop without flames spewing from my tires ! 
I picked up the package of pre-cooked bacon in the fridge today but it was open on both ends ... so bacon rained down upon my dog , who was standing next to me . He nearly died of excitement lol 
Fell asleep on the couch last night and woke up in time to write my paper before class :) It's weird starting my day off productively though ... Now off to work til ' 7-ish 
Can't wait to reconnect with my high school friends who are home on break :) 
I wonder if the dollar store is going to have any amazing doorbuster deals for Black Friday ?? 
worked 4 AM to 2 PM , came home , passed out on the couch , just woke up ... missed all of my friends hanging out :( 
This is the busiest \break\ " I've ever had ! I had some great times with good friends over the past couple of days . Today is the only day I don't have a < PROPMALE > obligation and I'll be working on a large load of school work " 
It's my birthday !!! 19 is the oldest I've ever been now . Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes :) 
There's a couple sitting near me having the most interesting conversation ... I want to chime in so badly but I don't want to ruin their date lol 
Sooner or later I'm going to have to try something different ... 
Current mood rating : 7 out of 10 
When I got home from work tonight and opened the car door , I found a piece of bacon in my lap . It made me smile :) 
What an outrageously good morning/afternoon ! I feel strongly compelled to compose a note explaining why I am happy :D Stay tuned ! 
I'm just going to relax for a bit :) 
aaaaaaaaaah ! Happy :D 
mmmmm warm clothes out of the dryer ... delicious :) 
omg I just found out my english comp final is today at 8:00 AM lol ... and a 5 < PROPFEMALE > essay is due ... in 5 hours ... this is really really bad :( This is what happens when you take a composition class that meets online 1 day a week ... 
Everything turned out alright . My exams were easy today and I was able to get an extension on my essay until Wednesday ... Now back to daydreaming :D 
? Come on , come on , say that we'll be together . Come on , come on , little taste of heaven ? 
Rockin ' out to the Beatles and reading some cool stuff ... basking in my fortunate circumstance :D 
trying to write an essay but my mind is elsewhere ... :) 
I've invoked the power of Mocha Frappuccino to get me through this essay ! Don't fail me now ... 
That's the last time I'll need to stay up until 4:30 AM writing an essay until next semester ... Now to bed ! 
SO excited for my date tonight ! :D The roads cleared up and everything ... It's all falling into place :) 
Awesome date ! :D Went to a lovely coffee shop in downtown Medina with a beautiful girl ... I hope we can get together again soon :) 
omg facebook official !!! :D Now off to work with an extra spring in my step :) 
I got a bunch of < PROPFEMALE > kat bars :D 
All of my friends are playing World of Warcraft 
Shoot ! I forgot to make a wish at 11:11 ... I literally watched the clock change to 11:12 :( 
The World of Warcraft is overwhelming ! 
Sleep is addictive ... 
Feeling mildly ill :/ \ 
Off to do some shopping . 
Sick today :( \ 
Called off work\ 
Slept ' til 2:00 PM\ 
I miss < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > <3 
I'm feeling better today . Going to see < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > !!! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > to everyone ! Peace on earth and all that good stuff :) 
Got a spiffy new office chair for Christmas ! 
Hmm if anyone from Best Buy has the schedule for Portable Electronics next week , please let me know what times I work tomorrow lol ... 
< PROPFIRST > Dellinger saved my life ! Nate did too , but I can't find him on Facebook ... 
The wireless router died so I've barricaded myself in the basement with an ethernet cable and our Windstream router ... All our internets are mine ! >:) 
Spent the afternoon with < PROPFEMALE > and the evening with < PROPFIRST > ... good day :D 
I love when I clean my glasses with soap/water and the world looks like it's in High Definition for about 5 minutes :) 
Movie night at the Wasil's!!!! Always good times :) 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > is home ! I can't wait to see her :) 
Just finished ordering my books and reviewing my class schedule . It's going to be a good semester ! Well , everything except math looks good ... 
I am learning a lot from my adventures in the stock market ! It seems like I have nobody to talk to about investing though . : / 
On Skype with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > :) Technology does wonders for relationships ! 
Me : Hello there sir , I see you're checking out that Wii controller ! Have any questions about it ? \ 
Customer : * ignore*\ 
Me : Sooo you should definitely buy that to play with your friends ! \ 
Customer : You probably shouldn't tell me what to buy . \ 
Me : * backs away slowly * 
Walmart was out of generic folders so I picked up a < PROPFIRST > Bieber one ... 
Break camp , it's time to continue our quest for knowledge . 
My dad always helps me to put life in perspective 
Wow , I really like Google Chrome ! 
It looks like I'll basically be living in Europe for a month starting in mid June ! 
The hardest part about driving is finding the ideal frequency for the windshield wipers during rain 
So tired lately ... : / 
\America is a country for young people . I can't grow old here . Perhaps I should go to < PROPFEMALE > to grow old . \ " - Guest on National Public Radio " 
I do not like winter ! 
I like this ad on the side of my page : \Are you a philosopher ? Get found by the people who need you at skillpages.com!\ " As if a philosophy is some kind of marketable skill :p " 
Seriously ? The DOW , NASDAQ , and S&P 500 have been climbing but my individual stocks keep going down ... I should've bought mutual funds . 
State of the Union address !!! Nine o'clock!!!! WOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
State of the Union after party in my basement !!! woot woot ! 
The axe quickly forgets , but the tree always remembers 
math exam today : / ... I would rather stay home and eat < PROPFEMALE > Kats 
I swear my phone feels lighter after I delete my stored messages 
I have school today : / 
No school tomorrow ! I still have to submit some assignments via the web ... There are downsides to integrating the internet into education :p 
Intense stuff happening around the world :O 
I have a lot of homework and I am sick of the cold weather and snow . 
My headset broke after 1 year so I took it back under the 2 year replacement plan and got a new pair . The cool part is that the 1 year left over counts toward the new pair :) 
I have much to be happy about , and yet I grow sad ... 
Shaving every day is a hassle . I miss the good times back in the day , when a smooth shave would last 3 or 4 days depending on how much red meat I ate . 
Outrageously tired ... The climb upstairs to bed seems impossible ... Maybe I'll just sleep here in this comfy office chair ... 
stuff happening n ' stuff 
An ironic valentines day I suppose , but it was mutual and I was surprised how well we both handled it . 
I need to hone my decision-making skills 
Well , so much for \I was surprised how well we both handled it \"..." 
Why do I fight the urge to sleep at night just to browse the web ? What a waste ! And yet I've been doing it for years ... 
Netflix is amazing . The ability to stream movies instantly , any time I want , opens up a whole new world of entertainment possibilities ! And it's only $8 a month ... Now all I need is a few hundred hours of free time to watch everything I ever imagined . 
I HATE those things that ask you to \enter the word as it is displayed below\ " and then you CAN'T READ THE WORD ! I can't be the only person that has trouble with those ... I fail at least three times on them no matter what . " 
Can't sleep - too much on my mind ... But in a good way :) 
Wrapped up the work day with a huge sale ! Sadly , there were no managers around to witness it . If a sale goes through at a register and no manager is around to hear it , does it still make a sound ? :p 
wow ... uncompressed HD video files are massive ... 
LCCC is closed ! Oh wait ... I didn't have class today anyway lol 
Today can only be described as a smashing success :) 
basement flooded :( 
Considering the news from around the state , we are fortunate that only our basement flooded . It was less than an inch deep all around , and we were also relatively prepared . Buying that steam vacuum a few months ago was a good idea after all ;) 
Glad to have a couple of days off from work ! I can focus on getting some things done for school . Plus I get to spend time with someone very special tomorrow evening ! :) 
I had the most wonderful time with < PROPFEMALE > Fridley tonight ! Dinner + The < PROPMALE>'s Speech . More good times to come :) 
Basketball game tonight at < PROPMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > and friends :) 
Tonight was so much fun ! Definitely a good mix of people . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > is simply amazing ? 
Got home from work this afternoon . Off to work again this evening for inventory until 1 or 2 AM ... Long day ! 
It doesn't get any better than this ! I've got a date tonight with the beautiful < PROPFEMALE > Fridley and you should be jealous =) 
The introduction of mushrooms into the human diet may be the single greatest tragedy in the history of our species . 
Gas prices are insane ! I need a car with 80 < PROPMALE > per gallon 
I like the crusty slices on the ends of bread loaves . 
As always , I had a thoroughly enjoyable evening with < PROPFEMALE > Fridley yesterday ! So happy =) 
Wow ! What an adventure ... My girlfriend is so much fun to < PROPFEMALE > out with <3 
I feel like I'm falling behind ... Probably because I am : / 
I'm glad that humanity has agreed in recent centuries that slavery is bad . When you think about it , it really took us a long time to figure that one out . We've come a long way over the past few thousand years ... * end random thought * 
Celebrating all things green tonight with < PROPFEMALE > Fridley ! She's pretty cool ;) 
Sick :( 
I need a new game to play . I've been researching for two and a half hours but everything either looks lame , is too similar to something I've played before , or costs too much ... : / 
\The mother of excess is not joy but joylessness . \ " - Friedrich Nietzsche " 
Eating cereal :) 
Date tonight with my girl < PROPFEMALE > Fridley <3 
Life is good right now :) 
I'm addicted to Lay's Stax mesquite barbecue chips ... 
My girlfriend sent me a card in the mail :D 
\We build too many walls and not enough bridges . \ " - Sir < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
How do we fix the system ? 
So much rain ... Heavy Rain ... 
I am profoundly disappointed that the LaGrange McDonald's was closed early tonight . My whole evening is thrown off now :'( 
Off to work ! I could sure use the money ... 
We give democracy a bad name when we preach it to the rest of the world while we can't govern ourselves ... 
I might get new glasses today ! 
Got my new passport for the trip to Europe this summer :) 
I might be a type B personality 
Really enjoying Europa Universalis III :) Strategy fans should check it out ! 
Bad day :( 
Great day with < PROPFEMALE > Fridley ! She's the best ... < PROPMALE > Miserables at Playhouse Square and a nice steak dinner :) 
\The internet told me my turtle's in pain ! \ " - member of my group in class today " 
Raspberry chocolates are so good ! 
? I have a structured settlement but I need cash now ... ? 
Death is nothing , but to live defeated and inglorious is to die daily .   < PROPMALE > Bonaparte 
Soooo much rain ... I'll be vigilantly monitoring my basement ! 
So tired I'm gonna diiiieeeee 
< PROPFEMALE > party at RJ's! 
Mount & Blade : With Fire and Sword will be released May 3rd !!! Already pre-purchased it ... I can't wait :) 
Fun date with < PROPFEMALE > Fridley <3 laser tag and gyros :) 
\Did you remember to do those things that I forgot to remind you about ? \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Fridley " 
May the 4th be with you ! Happy < PROPFEMALE > Wars day ! :) 
Sigh 
