I just went and saw The Fourth Kind ... A little scary but mostly weird . I will never live in Alaska , or look at owls the same way again ! 

I have nothing to do .... 
had fun at the kaysville light parade last night : D 
I am a Christian and not ashamed to say it !! Let's see how many people on fb aren't afraid to show their love for God and accept Jesus as our Savior ! Repost this as your status . Each time you see this on someones status , say a quick prayer for that person !! Let's get God back in this country like He should be !!! If you ... agree post this in your status update . Just copy and paste . 
??? d ? no ? o ? uo sI ?? ?? s ? d pu ? ? do ? ' s ?? s s ?? ???? ? no ?? n ? I ? o ? ?? nou ? ???? s ??? no ? ? I 
< PROPFEMALE > º°¨¨°º¤ø °¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸CHRISTMAS¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º°¨¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤ < PROPFEMALE > º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø , „CHRISTMAS¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º° .... Copy and paste and keep the wave going ! < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS 
i dont have a phone anymore ... :( 
gflaminglaaa 
I hate the snow , it just ruined spring break .... :( 
Spring break is over and i have to say im glad . it was ok but now im refreshed , motivated , and ready to get back to work ... 
Facebook sucks >:( the chat thing is all messed up and it wont let me IM anyone , anyone else have the same problem ? 
I love rain ... 
~ I feel it deep within , its just beneath the skin , i must confess i feel like a MONSTER ! ~ 
... School sucks :( 
.... sometimes enough just isnt enough , no matter how you have progressed people focus on your faults 
Sometimes mistakes happen , they cant always be prevented . When they are made people should calm down and talk with each other to see what happened , not yell at you like youre trash . 
NUAMES PROM TOMORROW ! ITS GOING TO BE AMAZING ! .. Maybe :( 
I got a feeling that tonight’s gonna be a good night , that tonight’s gonna be a good night , that tonight’s gonna be a good good night ... =D 
Prom was the AMAZING ! I almost cant wait for next year =D 
One thing ive learned this year is that no matter what happens there is always hope , my hope has not failed me thusfar so hope dont fail be now ! 
Anatidaephobia\ 
is the fear that somewhere in the world , there is a duck watching you . 
All that has been devastated can be recreated , realize we pick up the broken pieces of our lives giving ourselves to each other ourselves to each other to rest our head on .. ( Creed- Whos got my back ? ) 
Breathing the air in Mumbai , < PROPFEMALE > for just ONE DAY , is equivalent to smoking 2.5 packs of cigarettes . 
' I never thought id doubt you , im better off without you more than you know .. ' 
.. 2 days of school left , im almost going to miss it . HEY ! I said ALMOST ! 
.. Now that i actually have time , what to do ?.. :/ 
You really shouldnt let your mind wander- its far too small to be let out on its own . :) 
\Cowardice asks the question \ " is it safe ? \ " \ 
Reaching for something in the distance , so close you can almost taste it ... 
Saturday im off to cali :) 
\You're gonna be a shining < PROPFEMALE > with fancy clothes and fancy car-ars . \ 
... Idk what to say becides WHY ? 
California here i come :D ! 
We're leaving anaheim tomorrow morning and making our way to san < PROPMALE > , uggh not another drive :( ( 100 < PROPMALE > ) 
Went to the beach today , got a little sunburnt but still had fun :D ( mission beach ) -staying at the comfort inn in san < PROPMALE > 
\You're gonna be a shining < PROPFEMALE > with fancy \ 
Its about 2:45 right now and i just got back from vacation .. Its time for bed now , ill facebook later lol , goodnight everyone . 
Does the drama ever end ? :/ I know i could be doing much better things with my time than this so lets get it over with people . 
I love cali but its nice to be back :) \ 
Its time to go do something fun with everyone :D 
< PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , and Melodie : WTF is wrong with you ? Do you guys really need to talk shit on people to make yourselves feel better ? I think its pathetic and unnecessary not to mention rude . I mean seriously , how low are you for making fun of elorah ? 
Sigh .. Today is going to be a long boring day 
Im off to Mariahs birthday celebration ! Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Life is divine chaos , embrace it . 
Sigh ... I need a job , wont ANYWHERE hire me ? 
The long awaited vacation pics are finally up , sorry if youve been waiting for them . 
I just had one of those \what the hell am I doing\ " moments . " 
uggh driving test on thursday ... i hope im ready =/ 
i passed my driving test !!! :D 
Well im off to go camping , i wont be back until after the 24th . :) 
Just got back from camping , it was fun but im glad to be home . Let the unpacking begin . 
\Some artists want your money so they can buy Range Rovers and < PROPFEMALE > \ 
Thank you to all my amazing family and friends who have mad this day simply the best :D 
\Sweet dreams are made of this . Who am I to disagree ? Travel the world and the seven seas . Everybody's looking for something . \"" 
Don't be scared . I've done this before . Show me ya teeth . 
Ive come to realize that sometimes by trying to fix problems i just make them 10x worse ... From now on i'm going to give things a little more time before jumping on them and trying to fix them . 
Im more than a bird , im more than a plane , im more than some pretty face beside a train , its not easy to be me . 
Take a < PROPMALE > and dont ever look back .. 
Sigh ... with each passing day school just becomes even more tiring =/ 
Is \Wonderful cuz i am \"" 
Sigh ... life , what can i say ? 
The world better prepare for when i'm a $$$BILLIONAIRE$$$ 
Its funny how sometimes the universe just falls into place and everything is perfect . 
Potential job at a haunted house/corn-maze . I might be just the zombie they're looking for . 
Got the job :) im a pop-out/substitute zombie ! 
I thought the world was peaceful but now i come to find out if was only the calm before the storm :( 
If you feel like leaving i'm not gonna beg you to stay :( 
Seriously ? I never meant to piss anyone off , i'm just voicing my opinion and defending my friend . If im wrong for doing this then so be it . 
This is creepy ... with the push of a button facebook knows my exact locaton . 
Is now a clown 
Sigh ... i couldnt go to the stomp even if i wanted to , stupid work . 
I dont know why but it seems that the best pictures of me are taken in black and white . 
Sometimes all we can do is regret ... Though unfortunately there is no changing the past . We all have our regrets ... Just some of us regret more than others . 
Feels as if he has lost one of the most important people in his life .. \ 
:( you used to worry about me leaving you and i told you i never would . I\ 
kept my promise , i just wish that you would have warned me \ 
before you left me . You held me up while i rebuilt myself , and now that \ 
you're gone i begin to crumble again , and this time i wont bother trying\ 
to rebuild .. 
... Seriously ? 
I voted in the 2010 American Music Awards ! Vote for your favorite artists at http://soc.li/6d6TSAN Watch the #AMA2010 on ABC Sun Nov 21 8/7c 
God wisely designed the human body so that we can neither < PROPFIRST > our own backs nor kick ourselves too easily 
Sigh ... Last day of work at Nightmare Acres . I must say ... i already miss it . 
Wow ... For once in a long long time i actually feel motivated this quarter . 
Why is it that no matter what decision i make i feel like i made the wrong choice and im filled with regret ? I wish i could just undo a few things that ive said ... I changed my mind . 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone 
New phone :) 
Lets face it ... no matter how much you tell yourself that you're over someone , your heart knows the truth . You just cant lie to yourself :( 
Im bored out of my mind ... Lets see what entertainment facebook might have to offer . 
No apagues la < PROPFEMALE > 
Anyone want to play the number game ? Send a number to my inbox and I'll set my status to what I think of you :) 
3- I don't know you very well but from what I've seen you are nice , and a good friend . I would like to get to know you better , you seem like you would make a ... 
163291925312- you're a really fun person to be around :) it would be fun to hangout again sometime . 
259772- we used to be best friends a few years ago , and we probably still would be if I hadn't moved away . I wish we hadn't lost touch . Haha , I can still remember the fun we had in mr. < PROPFIRST>'s spanish class . 
2313- you're quite possibly one of my favorite aunties . I've always looked up to you , but I don't get to see you as much as I would like anymore . Love ya miees 
123- You are a really good friend and probably one of the best people that ive ever met . I miss you , we need to hangout sometime :) 
17- we haven't been friends for long but you have already proven yourself as a good friend and someone who is fun to be around . We need to hangout again sometime soon :) 
5- You are an amazingly fun person to be arround , and i trust you with almost anything . I love you to death :D 
77- You seem like a really fun person to be friends with , but now that i think about it we really dont know each other all that well . We will have to fix that and hangout sometime . :) 
10- I dont really know what to say for this one . You can be cool at times but then again at others i cant stand you . Weve had some fun times acting like retards . 
Ahh the christmas season :) 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas to all and to all a good night . :) 
... snow ? O.o seriously ? Couldn't it have came a day or two earlier ? 
:) ... wait a minute , happy face ? Whats wrong with me ?!? D: 
Chemistry : Vinegar Titration Lab . A failure for us all . 
... Well this is interesting =/ 
\It's impossible . \ " said pride . \ " It's risky . \ " said experience . \ " It's pointless . \ " said reason . \ " Give it a try . \ " whispered the heart . " 
Yeah , ill live in Alaska ... Just as long as we don't have to live by < PROPFEMALE > Palin . LOL 
Haha , scew you new Zodiac . Im a < PROPFIRST > and thats the way its staying . 
Seriously ? 
I love you < PROPFEMALE > Mix even if you might be midget sized because you beat your leg until it fell off and now have nothing left to walk on but stubs . lol <3 
Ok , so when Mr. Rudes gets back I'm probably going to kill him . 
When i move out I'm going to just get a trailer and live in the nearest Walmart parking lot . 
... My status hasn't been updated in over 2 weeks ! O.o Just had to fix that . I guess i'm overcoming my facebook addiction . 
Fearing you will lose your power leaves you powerless . But you ARE powerful . Use your power without questioning it . 
