How many days can you live without sleep ? 

I swear- I'm alive and well ... starting a business just takes lots of time . But its going well * fingers crossed * * knock on wood * and all other good luck stuff 
Oh- and I know < PROPFEMALE > is wondering ... i'll put up some pictures when i have my own computer all fixed . Darn < PROPFEMALE > - they're evil . 
Just applied for our business tax ID number- now uncle < PROPFIRST > can't be mad at us ! Sorry i'm loopy , only about three weeks till business launch and soooooo much to do ! 
I'm sleepy , feeling icky , my computer still sucks- waiting for other one to get fixed- and I have to clean up my house for a business meeting at 6 . I really want to pout a litte , but i'll be good . 
I have a love/hate thing going on with web design right now . I WILL get everthing done in time . 
What does it mean when a man brings you Wine , Roses , Candle light ? That's right .... photo-shoot for the business ! Day after tomorrow is launch day ... Is it too late to hide ? 
Should be sleeping ... or i'm going to be crazy lady at the mall throwing candles at people . Can i fire myself ? Why can't i sleep ?! 
We're off to see the wizzard , the wonderful wizzard of um ... mayfair ? That doesn't sound right . Darn no sleep , I knew it would make me crazy . If I can move my fingers at like 11 tonight I'll let you know how it went . 
went well , details later ... and pictures of facebook lets me , so far its not loading right . 
Feeling blue today . 
i think i have a cold 
95% better ... just little cough left 
:( i hate not understanding things . 
If one more thing goes wrong in my life before something gets better i swear i'm going crack and it'll take all the < PROPMALE > s horses and all the < PROPMALE>'s men ... well you know the rest . 
So much on my mind ! Please send good energy for my mom- need those lumps to be nothing . 
ugh- going to be ill 
If you dont like the new FB here is how you can change it back to the old . Look to the top left menu and click on MORE . Then drag STATUS UPDATES to the top . After dragging to top , click on it . That becomes your default and it is like before . Pass it on ! It's awesome ! 
Is it new years yet ? I don't want to skip over Chirstmas , but i think life will be way better come new years ... at least i hope so . 
Anyone know someone that wants two pure bred < PROPFIRST > russells ? They need a new home former owner's abandoned them ! sweet doggies . 
Its going to be a long couple weeks .... oh well . 
My mom's surgery is today ... well in the morning- gotta get up at 4 so she can be there by 6 so they can start at 8 and be done by like noon ... then recovery for a few hours , then to a normal room ... after that back to the house to look after pets and house . yeah , its going to be a very long day . I'd be thankful for Good Engergy sent this way . 
So far so good- mom is home , in lots of pain- but healing up . 
After the last few days i sooooo owe my mother for taking care of me when i was a kid and home sick .... this isn't easy ! I'm so behind on stuff its not funny . But they said one week till all healed ... so few more days . 
Greyhound Racetrack in Kenosha , WI will be closing on 12/31/09 . 900 dogs need to be adopted or they will be euthanized . Loving and laid-back , don’t need the space people think . They've been crated almost all their lives , they sleep about 18/24 hours a day . Just need love and a warm bed . Please help me get the word out ; we only have 6 weeks to get this task done . Greyhound Track Adoption Center - ( 262 ) 612-8256 
hmm .... so my vit . D levels are at 8 anything 20 and under is danger level .... I think i'll be fixing that now . Other then that my check up this week went great . :-) Mom is doing okay too , just have to see if they got all the cancer the surgen said they'd know after her rad . pill . 
:-/ 
This might be too much info ... but freaking out a little- Dr. called PAP was abnormal .... need more testing . :-( I not knowing what's up . Most likely nothing , but with mom's thing you know how the mind works . 
Going to be at rummage a rama this weekend at state fair park ..... $2 admission with 2 canned goods for hunger task force . Help a good cause and get last moment xmas shopping done . * wink wink * Candles and lotion make great gifts ! 
Dr. this morning ..... then maybe a nap- didn't go to bed till 3:30 , got up at 6 . 
Dr went okay .... nap time now- then more work 
I''m Boycotting Salvation Army Red Kettles- I only give to good charities NOT organized religion in sheep's clothing 
soooo sick of being stuck home ..... i'm a bad nurse ! :-( At least the tree is up , and only have to be a nurse a few more days 
Head hurts sooooo much ! Feels like there is a little man in my head with an ice pick . 
Hmmm ..... I have things to do- the 22 , 23 , 24 , 25 , 26 , 29 , 31 ..... that leaves me today , the 27 , 28 , and 30th . < PROPMALE > it most of it is good holiday stuff- but still going to be a crazy rest of the year . 
Finish cleaning , get rest of food , do an airport pick-up , drop off toys , and other assorted things before the 24th .... I can do it ! But I'm wearing thing on some things- eighty something or not if my \great\ " uncle doesn't lay off bad mothing my mom and dad I'll bring him coal myself ! " 
Got everything done ! Now just have to hope bad weather won't ruin the day . 
So sleepy- I don't need much sleep but two hours a night wore me out !.... But i'll make myself do it one more night- i'm not missing out on xmas < PROPFEMALE > ! 
had a good chirstmas 
:-( Frustrated to tears ! My mom & I went for an ambulance ride tonight- she fell and spiral fractured her leg . she is in the hospital until they can do surgery on it . I feel horrible for her , and really guilty that I'm worn out from being a nurse for her for the last month and a half- and now I'll have to do it for who knows how long ..... I'm a horrible daughter but i'm spread soooo thin i can't get it all done . 
Life sucks 
Mom's surgery is done .... two rods in the leg ! She's going to a rehab center for a few weeks , then she can come home and rehab here . 6-8 months till she'll be better . ( and NO walking at all for the next month . ) * sigh * I'm trying to stay possitive , i am . 
If anyone knows where i can get a good yet not expensive recliner let me know . Mom needs one for when she comes home in a couple weeks . 
Ugh ..... just ugh 
Please look at my profile pic- from early last year .... let me know if you think i should try that red color again or just leave it natural like it is now . 
The bad- I fainted from being worn out ... the Good- i did it at my mom's Dr's appointment so there was a Dr and soft table right there . :-) I always try to look on the bright side ! 
Old phone broke ... new phone is confusing ... makes me feel old . 
Rummage a Rama ---- 9 to 4 ..... i'm telling you great deals ! Plus I hear candles and hand lotion at a fantastic price . 
hmmm , is it sad that I'm looking for forward LOST being back on TV ? :-) 
Candle News :::: We are no longer making the following scents in order to make room for spring scents , and new stuff .... if you want any of them please contact me for discounted prices- They are ..... Peppermint , Gingerbread , Latte , Buttered Rum , and frankensence & Mryh . 
hmmm what's up with the facebook feed ? 
my computer is broken won't be on much for a couple weeks 
Dog ate my glasses .... I hate when days get a bad start . 
is hoping healthcare reform < PROPMALE > is handled well . 
:-( Food posioning .... not feeling well at all . 
i've worked up to ice chips and a popsicle ! yay me . 
Rummage a rama at state fair park- stop by the booth , mention this post and i'll give ya one of our new products .... an organic lip balm ( three flavors to pick from ) 
Thank you all so much !! Had a pretty good birthday so far . 
My < PROPFEMALE > is sick :-( Hope the vets figure it out . 
slightly frustrated . 
:-( 
Ugh , feeling pulled in all directions ! Need more time in a day cause i'm pretty sure I can't cut down anymore on sleep or i'll turn into the living dead . 
My cousin's baby is joining us sometime today ! New little girl for the family . 
Yay- welcome to the world < PROPFEMALE > , you sure know how to make an enterence . 
Personally doing pretty good , business wise busy as hell .... all around content . ( new business products and locations soon ) .... PS- Congrats to my cousin < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > on getting married . 
made Wisconsin chedder soup today for the first time- turned out great . 
is starting to miss winter . 
Only comfort I have right now is my faith in < PROPFEMALE > that one day < PROPFEMALE > and my my not so \great\ " uncle < PROPFIRST > will someday have to live through a worse hell then they put my loving Aunt through the last year of her life . Now that she is dying i will NOT hold my peace . " 
:-) i'm in a good mood . Feeling good , mom's leg is starting to heal- and I'm going to festa tonight !! 
We saw Micky Dolenz at festa tonight .... great time ! Nice to have some fun , and I can't get \Last train to clarksville\ " out of my head . " 
having a Rough week . 
On a business note- we're going to be working on the holiday line soon- so now would be the time to give us any scent ideas for new candles , or lotions . 
:-( too much to do 
Going to the fair today . And pondering business possiblities . 
My Doctor told me today that i need to destress and relax ... um , she has met me right ? She should know by now life doesn't want to let me do that ! 
Not so good day . 
What happened to freedom for all ? Come on fellow Americans , don't let me down . 
so stressed ... need to relax , anyone know how to do that ? I think i forgot . 
Had a fun weekend ... I needed that 
feeling sick today 
I have no time to be sick .... cold germ didn't get the memo ... I think even my hair hurts 
i'm in a smiley mood ... not sure I should be but i am . :-) 
ugh ... cold germs regrouping ! cough , head ache , and worn out voice . 
\All that you get is all that you gave . \"" 
Looking to buy a mini-van or wagon style car , if you know anyone selling let me know . Don't be offended but I'm running all cars past my car guy . 
NEW candle scents for the fall/holidays ... introducing- Pumpkin Pie , Roasted Chestnuts , Chirstmas mint , Pine < PROPMALE > , and returning from last year gingerbread , and frankincence ! \ 
\ 
We will be at serb hall on Oct . 3rd , and state fair park on the 9th and 10th . ( PS- new products coming soon ... stay tuned ) 
Congrats to my mom and dad- first week of being non-smokers 
head hurts so much i think i'm going to cry ! 
feeling yucky again .... thinkin ' stresss and lack of sleep . 
life sucks 
wish i could sleep . 
can't sleep .... this sucks . 
Having an awsome weekend !!! 
weekend now sucks .... one day changes a lot- lol ... but i think it'll be okay 
I had a cold a few months ago .... not fair that i get another one ! 
I have now reached the part of the cold where you wonder if your sinuses are a bottomless pit 
why won't the cough stop ?! I'm sleepy , but can't lay down or cough starts worse .... curse you sinus drip 
no sleeping again .... why do you hate me cough ? i let you go all day long , i deserve the night to rest . 
Soooooo sleepy , still coughing- and wondering why these trade shows have to start so early ! 
It's Diabetes Awareness Month . It isn't pink or sexy , it doesn't involve boobs , football players , or cute t-shirts . It's 3am blood sugar checks , needles , low blood sugars , high blood sugars , and the smell of insulin on your hands . That's a diabetics LIFE . Repost this if you have or love ...... someone ... with Diabetes 
Busy day- but that's okay- feeling much better ! And last few shows have gone really well . People love our products ! 
Had a pretty good day ! 
Dr. appointment today ... have to get up early but worth it- they're never running behind for the first one of the day . :-) 
Ugh .... December is going too fast ! On the plus side business is good , and Dr. says my heart is fine , and other then tyroid things are looking good . 
Time for a new phone soon- screen on mine keeps blinking out . Why can't I get a phone to last more then a year ? 
colposcopy again this year ..... remind me not to be worried again , medical stuff scares me . 
Having a bad case of cabin fever 
anyone have a good movie to recommend ? Got instant netflix thing for chirstmas and don't know what to watch . 
Why am I not sleeping again at night ? ugh ... and i have along day tomorrow ! 
Had a wonderful Chirstmas and CHirstmas < PROPFEMALE > . 
feeling pulled in too many directions ... makes me sad . 
Happy early new year .... hoping for a good year-even if it starts out a little < PROPMALE > . 
So , so , so stressed out . Hate it when doggies get sick in the middle of the night . Giving it a couple more hours- then if not better to the vet he goes . Hoping its just an upset tummy . 
why is it okay for people to break promises to me ? I'm going to start being way less forgiving ! 
Anyone free for hanging out this week ? 
Love you Uncle < PROPFIRST > .... going to miss you so much . 
I have the strangest nightmares 
Funeral- A time to < PROPFIRST > a life well lived . And a person well loved . And with time h tears of sadness turn into tears of happy rememberence . 
You'll almost never hear me say this but i really dislike < PROPFIRST > vick ... so go Packers ! 
Power cord going ..... new one on the way , but might not be online much for a couple days . 
loving pineapple all natural popsickle 
Am i the only one kinda pulling for the bears ? 
These early morning Dr. appointments have to stop lol .... i'm not a morning person and am likely to fall to sleep in the office . Oh well wish me luck . 
Doctor all done , shopping done , progress on work stuff .... I deserve a nap . 
hmm what the hell , my caller ID has been doing some weird things that last few days . 
hmm why does the chat feture on here keep telling me people are online when they're not ? Oh well off to catch a little TV 
not sleepy- counting sheep no work .... on a plus side my mind turns them into dancing sheep with top hats that sing so i'm entertained . 
don't you hate having an upset stomach at midnight and having no idea why ? 
side salad , homemade Broc . cheese soup , sprouted rye bread grilled cheese- and frozen fruit bar to cap it off . Nice relazing dinner . 
5am , i see we meet again 
feelin ' blue 
