Happy New Year ! 

loves her adorable kitties ! 
wishes things were obvious . 
i just want to watch firefly , why freshmen , why ?!? 
has a love-hate relationship with her thesis . 
Has anyone seen my bike around ? It's a red trek and has gone mysteriously missing . Let me know . 
is done with linear algebra proofs forever !!! 
is ready to be done with her thesis 
turned in her thesis this morning !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is ready to be home . Stupid linear algebra final . 
is done with finals ! And as an added bonus most likely did not fail linear algebra ! 
just saw avatar on imax . GREATEST MOVIE EVER !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
108 sun salutations for the new year , whoot ! 
beige 
lavender 
is annoyed with the Wednesday crossword for being so difficult . 
has finished translating both of her < PROPMALE > Fulbright essays . Whoot ! 
They were two star-crossed lovers who had never met ; like two hummingbirds , who had also never met . 
just applied for a job and feels very accomplished . 
has misplaced her phone until at least Monday . So if you've been trying to get ahold of me I'm not ignoring you , I just have no phone . 
has gotten her phone back ! 
wishes she felt motivated to get things done ... damn senioritis 
just discovered that her computer ( which she's had for 4 years ) has an SD card reader and is excited that her camera is useful once again ! 
is excited for her last class , in which we are making burritos and margaritas ! 
is done with all her finals . Officially done with college !! 
looooooong drive ...... ZzzzzzZzzzzzZzzzzz 
Wants to be home . Less than 2 hours left ! 
has a < PROPFEMALE > at each hand . Being home is not so bad . 
bored , bored , bored , bored , bored 
is annoyed that typing ups no longer redirects to pugetsound in our schools ' url . Stupid school changing it's stupid name * mutters darkly * 
is so , so glad Federer won ! 
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
loves her kitties ! 
wishes that responses from interviews were faster , waiting sucks . 
Now has two job offers and has to turn one down , which I suppose is a good problem to have . 
wishes it was 4:30 NOW ! 7 hours is too long . 
wishes graduate application procedures were more straightforward . 
glad to be done with GRE ! 
has no idea what to say in her stupid graduate school personal statement . 
has her own car ! 
waiting for next year for post-season < PROPFEMALE > ... :( 
wants Friday ! 
I have decided to learn to put on chapstick and walk at the same time . I feel it's important to have goals in one's life . 
has officially turned in her first graduate school application . 
is ready for snow . 
57 degrees ? Seriously Minnesota ? It's November ! 
got called between 3 and 8 am by a non-english speaking girl from an international number 5 TIMES ! Ridiculous . Also , I will be pissed if the phone company charges me . 
First snow , so awesome . Also lit our fire for the first time of the season last night ... I love winter in MN . 
loves all her kitties very much . 
it's hard to be b-b-b-brave when your such a sm-sm-sm-small animal 
Freedom ! 5 days of sweet , sweet freedom . 
Let it snow , let it snow , let it snow ! I <3 MN ! 
just ate a sandwich of leftover mashed potatoes and turkey , best part of Thanksgiving . 
3/7 graduate school applications submitted ! 
4/8 graduate applications submitted . Stupid adding of a school to my list ... but at least I'm half done ! 
Just applied to graduate school in Norway ... feeling pretty good about it . ( 5/8 complete , over halfway !! ) 
SNOWSTORM !!!!! 
is officially off both jobs for 5 days ... ahhhhhhhh ! 
submitted two more applications today ... so close to done ( 7/8) ! 
I have officially finished applying to graduate school ! My Christmas present to myself ... now I can begin months of waiting to hear back . 
Snuggie = best gift ever 
So exicted for Saturday ! 
Every should chill out , your Zodiac has not really changed . The western zodiac calendar ( which is how all of us have defined our sign ) is based on the equinoxes not the constellations , and has not changed ( as the equinox does not shift ) . Now , can we go back to our lives . 
Accepted to the U of M !!!! Therefore , officially attending graduate school somewhere !!!!!! 
Is super excited about getting an assistantship offer at the U of MN !! 
