Cleaning up getting ready for company . 

Just went walking . It's suny and warm in muskegon and all the trees are blooming . I love Michigan this time of year . 
is takin it easy 
Coffee is warm , my eyes lids feel like sand paper and < PROPFEMALE > is screaming while mashing scrambled eggs in her hair ... its morning in the saffell house . 
is at home relaxing after work 
is at work * yawn * 
is home from work . Giving my girl a bath before we head out to the store as she is covered with strawberries . While it smells good , she is a sticky mess . 
is looking forward to the weekend 
IS CELEBRATING THE CAPS LOCK 
had a good time yesterday with a bunch of old friends 
eating dinner , yum yum 
' s mind is numb from 8 long hours at work 
thinks he should be the only one on your facebook at the moment 
lets try that again .... . . . . . .......................... 
is going to meijer's to enjoy free air conditioning . 
Is enjoying the first few hours of ( possibly ) a few weeks off . yipee ! 
is pretty damn bored 
is taking it easy 
another wonderful morning 
Getting ready for some company , should be a full house this weekend 
Lots of drinking , no one hurt or throwing up ? .... celebrating < PROPFEMALE>'s first birthday today . ;D 
is feeling the flow 
is keeping it real ... 
is Grilling outside on his new Gas grill . Taste the meat not the heat ! 
is back to work 
hooray friday 
getting ready to fix some crap around the house 
just finished the book Cannery Row , excellent and quick read . would suggest it to anyone 
is pooped ! 
had an awesome time at VBS ! The kids are great and it always feels good acting like a kid sometimes with good reason . 
taking it even easier 
goobye cruel world !, we just bought cable . 
just bought a reusable humane chipmunk/mouse trap and is looking forward to trapping those lil varmints and seeing them to their inhumane graves . It's just another beautiful Sunday morning , but for the small rodents of Muskegon county it is the holocaust . 
worked a lot of OT this week and scheduled for the weekend too , hooray money ! 
enjoying a weekend of fishing , visiting with family and mud-boggin . Simple pleasures is water for my soul . If it were all a pair of pants i'd wear them every day for a week . I can't wait to see the tall grasses and thick pines of the country life in the beautiful state of Michigan . Home 
< PROPFEMALE > in bed finally ... dad needs some peace and quiet 
Starts American Karate class today to unleash my inner < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Has mandatory overtime on Saturday , didnt really want it ... but im sure i wont have any problems finding something to do with the extra money 
Haven't been using my facebook a while , cleaning out friends list . hopefully by the end of today days it will be cleaned up and easier to use to communicate to ppl i actually know . 
Tree removal is underway and will hopefully soon be gone . ;D hooray . Only four months of pestering Consumers energy .... anyway , off to wash shop stink from my body then karate class later . 
Playing some cards with a < PROPMALE > of mine after a hard day of making bumpers 
just made several posts under my wifes profile ( again ) ... grrr . o well ive had a great day anyway 
good lazy sunday 
Picked up my Gi from the tailor , training when time permits and am doing the dad gig . < PROPFEMALE > set her personal best with a 1lb diaper ! The adventures never stop with parenting . 
Just got home from overtime , just putting my little girl to bed and soon going to bed myself . Looks like she is going to go down easy/ Thank god . 
made some sandwiches to help a fundraiser . sometimes it feels good to do good . 
The secret to good mondays is to make sure your weekends are absolutely horrible . With effort it can work . 
the most rewarding thing about work is leaving . hooray home 
Earned rank in my < PROPFIRST > Do Kwan class . Next rank im mastering the liver excision strike and the Street Fighter 2 Ryu Fireballs 
I finally received word on the job i interviewed for 3 weeks ago . I got the job ;) Test Technician . I start April 4th and I am really happy . 
is taking it easy and doing some stuff around the house 
New espresso beans in the espresso pot ... ZING !!! 
is typing stuff on facebook 
has got it pretty good lately . thanks wife . 
pushed < PROPFEMALE > on a swing and never have i seen a person so amazed and happy at the same time . As soon as i figure how to get pictures off of my phone and on to the computer i'll have the perfect picture of what joy should look like . 
YES .... I have children . If you come over unannounced there WILL be toys from one end of the house to the other , dishes in the sink and heck there might even be food crumbs on the floor ! But we will be happy and that's all that matters to us ..... Re-post this if you have a house like mine : 0 ) 
thanks god for this cross group . its so good to be able to think every now and be open about it . 
is going to lie about going to a circus because what ive actually done today isnt too exciting . Seen Blueman Crew today , holy cow are those guys amazing with that PVC pipe instrument they play and hillarious at the same time ! They invited me to tour , but i respectfully declined . 
has bought a hot-air baloon . Will be departing for the < PROPFEMALE > shortly , bon-voyage ! 
I quit smoking about two weeks ago and i feel some kinda change coming over me . Maybe what < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > felt after being exposed to a spider and radiation at the same time to become spiderman . I hope i get telekinesis after its all done . 
Man Vs . Machine : Man-1 Machine-0 . Game highlights --> Man starts the game with a simple brake pad job . Everything is going smooth then Machine snaps bolt . Man finagles the snapped hardware out . Caliper is removed and leaky piston is discovered . Man replaces Caliper and makes another trip to parts store ... time is running short .... Caliper is installed and with the help of some friends the brakes are bled . Man wins !!! 
First day of work was pretty sweet , still much more to learn . the atmosphere is super awesome ... and i found out that i will be smashing finished cars or concept cars from time to time . This is so cool , im not even sure i deserve any of it . Thanks to god for everything . 
is practicing Karate in his underwear 
if life has kicked you in the nads a few times you should probably buy a cup 
Happy easter everyone ! 
if children were like cattle we could let them out to graze and life would be simple ... 
Beat on the the old heavy bag with my brother-in-law . If a bag of dirt ever gives you trouble we got it licked . 
im at work , yahoo 
learned how to say \your mom\ " in spanish recently . life is good . " 
Karate'ing it up solo style . My daughter loves me too much to goto class today . KI-AAAHHH ! 
NorthWinds Fitness in Muskegon is hosting a FREE personal protection and self defense clinic for Women called \EZ Defense for Women\ " . This vital information could save someone's life ! Message me if you have any questions and I will forward them to the 7th degree black belt instructing this Free clinic . ;) " 
is tired 
Reached pro-socialist part of Grapes of Wrath . I must admit Steinbeck is convincing after the reading prior to this as his support . Considering the time which this book was written id say his philosophy is in some degree already intact . 
Just cleaned out a trap under my utility sink to remedy a slow drain ... nasty nasty nasty . Washed my hands three times already and i still feel dirty . 
The giant tree in my back-yard is gone too ! Along with a couple of unwanted shrubs 
Going to work . Yea thats about it ... 
been awhile since i checked my facebook , hello world ... 
Opened a pack of Magic Cards recently and received 1 \Gideon Jura . \ " Rarest card of the set . Yippeee ! " 
There is a guy that looks like Weird < PROPMALE > Yankovik walking my neighborhood lately . How cool is that ? 
Expects you to clap when he finishes his peas 
The deck is looking good . ill be grilling in style soon ! Look forward to pictures , hooray 
Fridays are pretty rad 
went to the bathroom and didnt wash my hands . Time to start high-fiving everyone i see . 
Had alot of fun at VBS , time for some well deserved shut-eye 
Had alot of fun running games at VBS . Have to say thanks to all the guys that helped run the games with me , couldnt have done it without ya all : )\ 
+\ 
the Yonker's for putting it together ! 
Headin ' off to my 10year reunion ... Kinda nervous tbh 
Fridays are rad 
Tuned up the mower . Was running bad , now is running good . hooray me 
heya friends , haven't made a post in a bit . So here i am saying , \Hello \"" 
Been a while since ive did any open sparring or weapons training ... Going to feel sore tommorow ! 
is practicing Karate in the buff ... Booyah ! 
Play UO T2A \The Way it Was\ " !! Unless you arent awesome enough of course ... then just keep lame-ing it up with your higher education and physical fitness goals ... " 
Long time since i said anything , hello everyone ! 
