Just got on and figuring everything out !!! 

Holy crap I need a energy drink badly !!!!! Have a great Wednesday ! 
If patients is a virtue , then why are there so many of them that have to wait so long at the hospital ? Sorry long day and tired night 
I'm really glad I don't believe in coindences anymore ...... 
I always hate the game of having to act like I don't care about a situation when I do . 
Going to Great Lakes Crossing at 2 ...... new shoes or new music , or clothes ..... we are talking big decisions here ..... 
For the most part good weekend ... I'm so thankful to have some great people in my life . Have a good week everyone !!! 
Business First , Christianity Second ! 
Day off for me !! Catch up on sleep and do some cleaning . And < PROPFEMALE > out later with this crazy musician .... ;-) 
Just got back home from the best night Ive had out since I can remember ! The opera , all dressed up , with the woman Im in love with ! Thats my praise report ! :-) 
Hey to everyone Im selling my laptop for anyone thats interested . Message me or get a hold of me 248-277-2458 
Im getting real sick of people not working with me either cause they feel threatened by me or because of my age , Ive paid my dues around here and earned my position , we're suppose to be a team ! 
Yay I think Im getting walking pnemonia again . I started getting hot and cold yesterday . I cant afford to get sick , literally . 
So , Im really not feeling well at all with having chills and being congested but what a great night at church and a great night just watching tv with my girl . How great God has been and is ! 
Yeah ... nothing like a lightning bolt right outside your house as an alarm clock ! 
Yay ... Somebody hacked my cell phone account and had a rebate check sent to them instead of me , which I was depending on ! This WILL NOT get me down ! However , I would like to meet whoever did this . 
What a great day off ! Got things taken care of and just knowing how blessed I am everytime I look into her eyes being sober . 
It gets very frustrating dealing with grown adults who think and act like they are in the fourth grade . Sometimes I wonder how I have done it for a year now . 
A beautiful day for having 1 year of sobriety ! 
Im really not getting the fact that they raise rent on those that actually pay their rent and on time , and at a time when we have an opportunity to get health insurance . I need and want it but I just cant afford an extra 200 a month with rent being an extra 40 and ins . being 160 . eghhh .... 
Im just always trying to do the right thing around here and hopefully doing what I know to be right didnt get me in trouble .... just praying on it . 
Well , I got my FAFSA processed , so now I just have to go and enroll at OCC . Wow , Im finally setting goals in my life and acting on them ! 
Just because we get sober doesnt mean we keep the same mentality of an addict . We also should have some ambition with our lives . Give me strength to deal with these individuals cause Im about done with it , seriously . 
“Every saint has a past and every sinner has a future . ” - < PROPFIRST > Wild I copied this off a Maggies < PROPFEMALE > and thought it was cool . 
Worst day off ever .... 
What I thought I knew I dont , now I just dont know anything ... 
< PROPFEMALE > and I just got out of < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs the World , what a uniquely awesome movie . Even though I started dozing towards the end due to sleep deprivation , it was still worth the $19 . See it ! 
I really cannot wait to be up north tomorrow for a much needed vacation , and not just a day or two off . First time I will be back at my parents cabin too . 
Everyday is alot better then it use to be knowing I was plucked from the fire when I didnt have to be ! 
So , I went to a second interview this morning and now Im just waiting for a call back . Fingers crossed and praying that I get it !! 
Ugggghhhhh 
Yeah I know everything happens for a reason , but Im still upset . 
Its really awesome to get threatened by someone going through the mission because they need to follow the same rules like I have to follow . Ive just about had it with pain and stress . 
It really sucks when you feel like God isn't listening .... 
Sitting in my docs office with no appointment . Its going to be a long wait .... I need to get a neck replacement ! Has medical science progressed to that yet ? 
Well , got another call back ! So , Im sitting and waiting to go in for another interview ! I really hope I get this one , it would definitly be a step in the right direction . 
You reap what you sow . People dont drink and drive because a dui is nothing comparable to what could happen . And those ramifications can last a lot longer than you think . 
So , Im running the children's worship this Sunday , and Im thinking I want to do something involving why God lets us go through painful events and trials to strengthen us . Anyone know where I can find scripture to back this up ?? 
Why is it so frickin difficult to get some relief in my neck ? Im suppose to have a epidural done this morning and the doc decided he wasnt coming in !! Im about to frickin lose it .... 
Ya know I hate complaining but when it rains it pours . So , Ive been in horrible pain because of my neck and this morning I had my rent money in my back pocket so I go to grab it and it isnt there . Ended up driving back and found the envelope on my porch empty . Im so blessed by God for having such a better life than the old one but it ijust seems if its not one this its another .... 
I have orientation at my new job tonorrow and am very excited about !!! 
Im really trying to walk trustfully , but it seems everything I do or think I accomplish , it ends up back firing . Of course , its many things right at the sametime ..... 
All the news or things that happen to me lately seems to just be bad ..... and more to come Im sure . 
Whatever I try to do right , is always wrong evidently . 
Cool ! I just found the game Axis and Allies Pacific version at the store ! 
How come nothing can ever go right ? How also can nobody give an accurate time when something is suppose to happen ? Just tell me when it will happen and I wont be mad , its upsetting when Im told a certain day and it doesnt happen . Just pissed about stupidity at the moment . 
All I try to do around here is be honest and up front about everything but because everyone else shoots moves then I must be doing the same . *** Frustration *** 
I come from a long line of sinners like me . 
So , I was just told that I should move off Seneca by Dec . 1 , what to do now .... cause I don't know ........... 
Ugghhhh ..... Stressed . Give me the strength !! 
Ya know what ? I've been stressing myself out way too much lately and I really don't like it . At this point its out of my hands so , what happens , happens ! I'm just happy and thankful for what I do have in my life today , Especially , knowing where I came from . 
No More !! 
So , a year and half ago I was hopelessly addicted and lost and tonight Im enjoying the Nutcracker at the Detroit Opera House with the most beautiful woman Ive ever been with ! There is no other place Id rather be ! * Thankful for everything * 
If you put anyone under a microscope you're going to see the impurities . All I try to do is the right things for myself and my health . So , I was going to go off and say how wrong I and others think this is but it won't help . All I can say is Lord watch over me and whats inevidibly going to happen ... 
Whats the point anymore ? 
Thank you everyone for the b-day wishes !! Couldn't of asked for a better b-day , went to a steak dinner and a movie with my sweetheart , and got a new jacket ! All of it was exactly what I wanted ! One more year till the big three-zero .... 
Everything we do in this life we must pay for . Nothing is free besides the grace of God . 
So , I've been fixing up laptops lately for some extra cash and I have two eally nice ones for sale right now . So , if you want a really nice laptop and don't want to spend the $800 brand new , drop me a line and I'll give you the details !! Also , let your friends know if they need one as well . Thanks everyone . 
Ok our nations anthem and other songs were written as they were for a reason , because the content and original arrangements were both powerful enough as is . I can't stand it when singers change it !!! 
I miss being able to count on something . Its been awhile ... 
So , I was just thinking about some stuff and isn't it a < PROPMALE > labor law that if you work over 40 hours a week you HAVE to be payed overtime ?? 
So , I'm meeting with reps from Rochester College next Tuesday ! I can't wait ... 
Blah .... 
So , I started doing the P90X workout and holy crap its hard !!!! I've done 2 workouts and am sore as hell . My legs are so bad that it hurts to do anything ! 
\Sooner or later Gods gonna cut you down . \"" 
So , anytime < PROPFEMALE > decides we are even that would be great 
