NEEDS THIS WEEKEND TO COME FASTER :) 

LIKES THIS . 
doesn't know where all her free time went , but she really misses it . 
is failing 
feels like such a badass :) 
would like to thank monday's calculus final for ensuring her an awesome weekend :( 
is in Michigan :) 
veut < PROPFEMALE > poisson-loup . 
is so ridiculously happy :D 
is in NJ ... haha . 
is back at Lehigh , and has the world's biggest dorm :) 
LOVES HER SCHOOL 
starts her 4-day weekend tonight :) 
is so excited for HILLARYBRITTIN at Lehigh :D 
is really depressed that clove cigarettes are no longer legal for sale in the US :( 
has two midterms Wednesday ... and is on facebook , haha . 
is SLEEPING ! :D 
thinks Teja is pretty much the best person ever . 
is sleeping until Sunday . 
just got back from the lakehouse , and isn't sure why it's warmer 4 hours north of D . C ... 
booo no more engineer :( 
' s winter break went by way too fast . 
is being distracted from studying by people in her hall screaming not about the Superbowl , but about chemistry . Seriously , Lehigh ? 
is in < PROPMALE > ? 
is in Michigan ! 
ONE YEAR OF ENGINEER :D 
holy shit I hate everything . 
had such an awesome weekend , wishes it had been longer :) 
is a business major ... so why am I writing a 17 < PROPFEMALE > paper about Australian fish ? 
finals suckkk 
thinks bubble baths are definitely the best part about being back in D.C. :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Khan . So intelligent . So attractive . I wish I could be like her . 
finance is lame ... not looking forward to tomorrow's midterm :/ 
is listening to pavement and husker du , feeling nostalgic . Also : visiting langley tomorrow . 
doesn't plan on having a social life this week , but will be so happy to not have to deal with finance classes ever again ! 
is finally opening her pool today ! 
just realized that all the lectures in one of her online classes are given by a computer-generated voice . this is going to be a long semester ... 
seriously ... why would anyone want to be an accountant ? I don't get it . 
night swimming and frozen lemonade are definitely the two best things about summer . 
is sunburnt after spending just one hour kayaking ... in the rain . FML . 
will be in va until saturday , in nc until thursday , and back at lehigh by friday :) 
thinks all the engineers complaining about how hard their classes are have never picked up an IR textbook ... seriously . 
is in NYC :) 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! :) 
studying Iran is more fun when you have a hookah to go along with it :) 
is missing NOVA :/ 
studying is hard ... so I think I'm just gonna make hot cocoa and sleep for the rest of today :) 
so ... westboro baptist church is picketing my high school tomorrow ? wtf ? 
is officially done with finals ! 
just finished cooking like , 10 lbs of pudding ... Christmas is too crazy :) 
is going back to school tomorrow ... lame 
had an amazing time in NYC with < PROPFIRST > Terrell :) 
' s roommate < PROPFEMALE > Baker ate pickles , croutons , tuna , parmesan cheese , and spoonfulls of nutella for dinner today .... 
is cleaning her apartment so hardcore right now 
rocks for jocks ? 
lethargic 
why are they making atlas shrugged into a movie ? ughh 
just realized that the only time I go on facebook is when I should be studying for something important ... 
had an amazing time at cnu this week with Teja Swii'i:) 
why does spring break have to end ? :( 
2 years <3 
doesn't have to wake up before noon all week ... love my life :) 
I guess I'm just not feeling ready for a lot of things , lately 
today is my half-birthday :) 
not looking forward to this week ... can classes be over already please ? 
is going to shanghai in less than two weeks ? when did this happen ?! 
