apparently I need to take up softball . You know , just in case . 

was blessed with tilak last night . It was pretty sweet . 
has something close to 10 homework assignments due by next Friday . GAH ! 
just found out one of UCF's yoga masters recently suffered a mild heart attack . This type of irony shouldn't make you laugh ... smirk maybe , but no laughing . 
has 3lbs left to go people !!! 
wishes her Papa a happy fathers day ! 
wants to severely hurt her cat right now . Cursed PETA and their activism . 
cant get into her farm in Farmtown - dead crops will be everywhere !!! GAH ! 
has a wicked awesome bachelorette party to go to tomorrow ... but not until she finishes her homework young lady . :./ 
One paper down - one final and another paper to go ! 
just finished her last 2 core classes at UCF ever ! Now I only have one more mini-semester of Espanol and I'm FREE !!!!!!! ... to bad this last class isn't ... :./ 
no longer has a working cell phone thanks to some guy who decided to spill beer all over her at Gabby's bachelorette party . :.( 
has a new cell-y !! ( nothin ' fancy but it works ! ) 
must .. sleep . 
HAS A COMPUTER !!! 
does NOT speak Spanish . 
got straight A's again this summer ! On a freakin ' roll ; too bad this is my last semester - NOT ! 
is now wireless ! Just like a real boy ! 
has to sleep through a series of amature fireworks displays to wake up at 5:30 am . :./ 
has a fireball smouldering in her chest . ouch . 
saw Public Enemies last night and was severely disappointed . 
has another 36 spanish quizzes to do online .. :.( 
going home to see my family tonight ; but first - dinner with the Trinkles . :.D 
doesn't have to work today . Anyone doing anything ?? 
had an amazing weekend with her family . Love them so much ! 
wonders why her life has to be in a constant state of jeapordy . 
Left her phone at < PROPFIRST>'s birthday last night and needs to get in touch with the owner of that house to get it back - please help !!!! 
Congrats to Mr. and Mrs. < PROPFIRST > !! . . . P.S. Found my phone . :.D 
is going to the beach with her boy's familia ... and no I am not saying anything in Spanish . :.P 
has swine flu . 
is on Tamiflu . yes , that is swine flu medicine . 
is feeling much better today ; barring the coughing and snorting . 
is not allowed to play Farm Town anymore because it gave me a virus twice . :.( 
has to go make up all the Spanish tests she missed because of The Swine . :.( 
will officially be a college grad next friday !!! 
wants to go see Funny People tonight . 
is tired . very . 
- TWO MORE DAYS !!!! 
and god said - \it is finished . \"" 
graduated college today . shrug ... like taking overpriced < PROPFEMALE > from a gluttonous baby . HA ! 
had an amazing night last night celebrating her graduation with her family . Now its the friends turn - Who's up for downtown tonight ?? :.D 
party planning for work ... but other than that bored . 
needs a nap . 
- VANILLA ICE Party at LUSH < PROPMALE > Air tomorrow ! Lots of FREE products from 7am - 9pm , party starts when you get there ! 
VANILLA ICE Party at LUSH < PROPMALE > Air today ! Lots of FREE products from 7am - 9pm , party starts when you get there ! 
was given a bracelet by a customer at work today . Its made from acai < PROPFIRST > seeds ; cute and organic . :.D 
- apparently there is a rabies alert in my county . . . RABIES ! 
one day of this week makes this Lushie a tired tired girl . 
opens again tomorrow and then the freedom of a 3 day break . happy-sigh . 
visiting The Port tomorrow . Try not to pee with excitement . 
- last chances are never lost causes , but it doesn't it doesn't work the other way around . 
would like to go see the movie 9 on opening night . ( this wed . ) Anyone interested ??? 
is looking forward to NOT being late for work tomorrow morning . :.( 
9 opens tomorrow !!! 
has to reschedule seeing 9 tonight . In part because I open but mainly because I have an interview at Coco & Lolly !! Yay , here is hoping for another job !! :: fingers crossed :: 
GREAT SUCCESS ! I now have a second job and the super-adorable Coco & Lolli ! First day is Saturday - Woo ! 
its tough wearing fabulous shoes . ouch . 
is enjoying her first day off in 10 days by doing work relating things . :./ 
is trying to keep her boyfriends cat from dying . :.( 
- < PROPFEMALE > passed away at 3am this morning . In his arms ; I could think of worse ways to go . 
thank you all . 
popcorn + high fuctose corn syrup = halloween snack balls of love 
cant wait for Tuesday ! A full day with Flavio . I think we might actually go on a date ! 
doesn't so much burn bridges as blow them up . 
13 hour day tomorrow and then a 2 hour meeting after . Whew , and I thought I was gonna be bored . 
- yesterday sucked . Anyone have any ideas on how to combat a $400 speeding ticket ? 
nevermind my driving record . My Yaris smells like god now . 
has an upset tummy . Damn milk products . 
is pampering herself to the point of absurdity today . Hair AND nails ?!?!? Oh man . 
remembers why she never does nice things for herself . Nails are chipped , hair looks like crap and it all cost way too much money . 
would probably be just fine if the world were to end . It has done it before and it will do it again . 
has a long week ahead . 
starts her new job tomorrow ! yay visuals ! 
will wake up at 4 tomorrow for her first SALE floor set ! yey . 
is researching why her throat might be closing . 
is in the process of decorating her first Holiday Tree ! the red and gold motif gives it a nice homey feel - GO COBRAS ! 
is finishing her winter cleaning ... who wants to celebrate the midwinter solstice at my house ? 
Is thinking about welcoming the new year with a party at her house on the 2nd ? Anyone ? Yes ? 
is watching The Empire Strikes Back in my new pjs . Ah Christmas Cheer . 
think people need to stop taking so many pictures of her when she goes out . Limits the number of documented retarded instances . 
just helped a Cambodian couple build a house . Go to Kiva.org and change peoples lives . 
has just lit every candle in the house - c'mon heater , kick in already . < PROPFEMALE>' burr ! 
got a new job offer ... hmmm ? 
current events disappoint my stomach . 
is enduring what could be her cat's final days . 
is now the newest Asst . Admissions Rep. at Full Sail University ! 
would like to remind you all to shop smart . Shop S-Mart . 
is mourning the loss of her < PROPFEMALE > . 
computers crashed at work ... par-tay ! 
thinks something important might happen tomorrow ... 
has a few cat products for anyone who needs them . 
I am thinking of a party ... its going to be a birthday party ... your costume will be requested ... your attendance - mandatory . If you received this message and thought it was a little bold ; just wait til you see the theme . 
If you can come ; Do IT ! 
- To all those who plan on attending the very first portion of the party . Please call me to give me a heads up . Also I have two bottles reserved at Rev ... just thought you should know . ;.) 
would like to thank everyone for making last night THE party of the year ! Special thanks to Rev , < PROPFIRST > , Alley , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , Pom and < PROPFIRST > - you guys made it happen !! 
since when did television shows start being sponsered by entire states ? shit we're a desperate culture . 
- a toast ! To awkward moments ! 
thinks there is nothing quite like the self-affirmation of seeing your entire profile full of well-wishes . Thanks everyone ! 
called a guy in < PROPFEMALE > at work today . Oh irony . 
just got back from having coffee with the President of Full Sail .... 
thinks The Vatican would be a great name for a gay brothel .... oh wait . 
could use a new digestive tract right about now . 
thinks its actually a good thing that < PROPFEMALE > Bachmann is married lest she hook up with < PROPFIRST > Beck and the universe implode in its own stupidity . 
caught the bouquet ! 
wants and iPad so much more than new tires for her car . Cursed safety precautions ... 
just watched my brother's dog face-plant on a treadmill . Freakin ' hilarious ! 
had a lovely Easter supper with family dicussing drugs , booze and how my dead grandmother might reincarnate as cannibis . I love them . 
cant wait to see her LUSHies tomorrow !! 
- another 12.5 hour day .... I'm gonna go pass out somewhere . 
bottle service at Rev tonight . Come if you're able ! :.D 
signed up for her health benifits yesterday !!! 
just found out my boss is taking me to Disneyworld !!! 
is a bicycle-riding fool ! 
would like one of the new i-Phones . Would not like to get the front door of her house rammed down meth-lab style after taking it to a bar ..... sucks for that guy . 
is going to buy a vacuum from someone at UCF .... lets hope he's not the CraigsList killer . 
would like the weather to make up its mind . 
thinks its refreshing to know that no matter how old you get - drunk is still drunk . 
thinks her new cat is really a rabbit-kitten hybrid . 
thinks that graphic artists have no common sense whatsoever . 
cannot believe how rediculous this oil spill in the Gulf is getting . Dome , Top Hat , Hot Tap , Junk Shoot ? You know what catches things ? A condom . As in the thing that should have been used when these idiots that decided to drill there where conceived . 
is the first particiapnt in my boss's newest office motivational tool ; the Weekly Go Home 1.5 hrs Early Putting Contest . Basically each member of my team get once change to \Putt for their Freedom . \ " We shall see how I fare tomorrow .... " 
is thinking Caddyshack on Tuesday . Enzian , don't you crap out on me with those tickets ... 
thinks it would be hilarious if the last episode of LOST was nothing but a gag-reel from all of the previously episodes . 
has a cat that loves to talk to squirrels . 
thinks combining Gay Days with < PROPFEMALE > Wars weekends is the best idea Disney has had in a long , long time . 
is tired . Suddenly fun seems like too much work . 
just won a $50 gift certificate to Fairvilla !!!!! 
is sampling cheesecake flavord popcorn .... my love for this dessert knows no bounds . 
is thinking she might have to call out of work this week with a nasty case of \Hogwarts ..... \"" 
has been having some terrible dreams lately . 
is more excited about July 5th than July 4th . 
thinks it is complete crap that FSU has suspended graduate admissions due to Florida budget cuts . 
Would you rather have your child be a drug dealer or addicted to drugs ? - < PROPFIRST > Waters\ 
... good question < PROPFIRST > , you get me every time . 
less than 24 hours until Key West shananigans ! 
will be in Margaritaville until further notice ( Key West here we come ! ) 
is sick of doctors . 
just had a guy < PROPFEMALE > out of his car window and shout \Hey Sexy ! \ " while throwing over $20 in singles out of the car . My life is what dreams are made of . " 
was super-annoying at work today . Just call me \Chet \"" 
is T-minus 8 hours until < PROPFEMALE > Wars Celebration V !! 
just had an amazing < PROPFEMALE > Wars V sensory overload with my long lost < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Patch . 
perhaps the nocturnals will stop scampering behind my house if I threaten them with flashlights . 
is having a rather disappointing week & shall commence recovery plan involving booze , friends and shenanigans come 7pm tomorrow . 
is seeing Mic Macs tonight . YAY , and bout damn time Enzian ! 
has a distinct lack of gumption . 
really hates it when her students send her porn . 
finally paid off her credit card and got invited to Vegas .... figures . 
would like to speak to the < PROPFEMALE > n Society for Muslim Advancement . ASMA meet me @ camera 3 : Look I know you want a new face on the tragedy that took place on your prospective locale . I would like to apologize for the amount of bombings < PROPFEMALE>'s done in your land . Thus to promote peace , I propose the Christian Associates International fly over & build a church in each place your brethren has lost a life , to be fair . 
got a 100% on her Agent's Exam at work today ! Nothing feels better than a validation of the knowledge you spit out without thinking on a hourly basis . 
has been creating things beyond your wildest imagination . 
sticks up for the little guy !.... or the guy that makes too little money . 
bout time they demanded equal rights :\ 
http://www.bing.com/images/search?q=zombie+shoes&FORM=IGRE&qpvt=zombie+shoes#focal=71d8e163e6b7950e82ef709d4543855c&furl=http%3A%2F%2Fmedia.sfweekly.com%2Fzombie-rights-protest-at-city-hall.3611186.87.jpg 
would like the ASAP Towing Company and the 3 (!!) Orange County officers who did nothing to help me last night to politely go fuck themselves . 
is trying to find the rest of her Halloween costume .... has anyone had a blue hospital smock left at their house ? 
found her costume - thanks to all who looked for it at their house even thought it was under my bed ... woops . 
would like to thank all my boys in uniform ! ;.) 
is missing the QWC b/c someone cant figure out how to broadcast this thing live ... UGH !!! 
Well its too bad about Ringling .... maybe if they had some Red Vines .... 
buying red wine in a cape rarely looks inconspicuous . 
just did my 5k in 32minutes !.... Now lets see if I can handle 13.1 < PROPMALE > while wearing a < PROPFEMALE > in February ! 
I just posted my Holiday Wish List as a pic/album .... and am now annoucing it . Consider yourself forewarned ! ( I have no shame re-gifting ) 
has things to do and no < PROPFEMALE > to do them . 
screw grandma's - I'm running to Alley's house ! 
something hilarious happened ... and if I could remember , I would tell you 
Wish my insides would stop making me puke . < PROPFEMALE > Damn Christmas . plegh . 
Is getting very suspicious of the happenings in her house ... Curiouser and curiouser .... 
Enjoying my week off .... but its going by way too fast . :./ 
Just broke my record of 6 m-f-in ' < PROPMALE > today !! 13 HERE I COME ! 
got my hur did and meh nails done . mmmhmmm 
I finally figured out how to keep Facebook from sending me emails . Now if I can only figure out how to upload my pictures .... \ 
\ 
How on earth do I work at one of the most tech savvy schools in the country ? 
7.1 < PROPMALE > today !! From work to home without getting raped , mugged or overly fatigued ! 5 more < PROPMALE > to get down < PROPFIRST > before Feb . 26th's marathon ! 
Bananas Diner in T-minus 15 minutes ! Be there or be a box ! 
Some things in life are just awkward . This is one of them . 
I just won 2 tickets to The Used concert on 1/28 . Please let me know if you want them as I will sell them for CRAZY cheap ! 
Left work at 12:30 am today .... That means I started my shift at 12noon yesterday and litterally worked INTO the next day ! For those of you not mathamaticly inclined that = I need a life . 
ITS A SQUAL !!! \ 
Hide your kids - \ 
Hide your wife - \ 
And hide your husband too CAUSE ITS RAININ ' ON EVERYBODY OUT HERE ! 
Potions , Divination and Care of Magical Creatures classes with Alley < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > McDermott . Made $50 off some guy from one of the Carolinas . Dinner at Bananas . Good times . 
Sometimes there is NO accounting for taste . 
I have been waiting for a book to ship to me from Ebay for 2 weeks now . Normal ? Not sure . Annoying ? Hell yes . 
