Is getting nervous about leaving , and is really excited to get away , but wants to stay home really bad , but wants to get the hell out of dodge 

feels like whining about loneliness . His house is damn boring with no one around , and everyone else seems to have a girlfriend . And by seems , he means everyone else has a girlfriend . Or is in Arizona . Or is in Arizona and has a girlfriend . And now his fri 
wants to bust out a chapter on his story before he leaves , because he know writing will be the last thing on his mind once he's gone . Unfortunately , he has some serious writer's block , and that just doesn't sit well . Seriously , why do I keep writing these 
Is living it up in England , and is off to < PROPFIRST > . Was a block away from the < PROPMALE > Potter showing and didn't even know it . Woot . 
I ARE HOME !!! 
feels like punching this day in the face . Everything that was planned fell apart . Stupid day . 
is going to go see Children of < PROPFEMALE > tonight . It better be good , because he passed up a Dodger Game and a concert to go see it . 
is really wishing he didn't just stare at a ceiling for six hours begging his body to let him sleep . It really isn't fair . I'm TIRED !!! 
finds himself unable to sleep . AGAIN . Maybe that fourteen hours of sleep last night did more damage then help ... 
is suddenly and violently missing all of this Theatre friends . All of them . Even Trammel . This includes both THS and Encore friends . I MISS YOU GUYS ! 
is bored , suffering from writer's block , wanting to attack a squirrel throwing crap from the backyard tree at the window , and altogether wanting to do something entertaining in any sort of way . 
My Writer's Block is GONE !!! YES !!! 
Is dealing with the fact that his grandmother had a heart attack . She's fine , but still ... 
would have totally gone to the football game at the new stadium ... but was watching Supernatural . And Supernatural overrides all other things . 
Just finished a four hour game of monopoly . I won , bitches . 
enjoys four day weekends that come about for absolutely no real reason . Thank you , random conference that keeps my journalism teacher busy instead of teaching . Thank you . 
hates English research papers , especially ones that he hasn't started and are due tomorrow 
And boom , my paper is now finished . Of course , not gonna be my best grade ever , but it sure as hell won't be a zero . 
is worried that he has homework due tomorrow for English class , even though there is no proof that there is . Just a really bad gut feeling that tomorrow's going to end up crappy . 
wants to just run off somewhere and not worry about anything for a little while . Of course , if I have one more absence in Personal Finance I'm dropped , so that isn't an option . 
hates El Camino , who apparently believes that it can override Veteran's Day and just have school anyway tomorrow . Stupid school . 
hates El Camino right now ... 
realized just * how * much he missed Glee after being treated to a brand new dose . 
Is safe and sound at his grandparents house in Las Vegas ... but wants to be back home . Also he has a big research paper due Monday , and has to get working sooner than Sunday when he gets back . Working on a research paper at my Grandparent's house is really going to be lame . 
Yeah , so I just lost the game . 
Attention everybody ... if you get a notification telling you that I tagged you in a picture , that wasn't me . It's some creepy clown picture thing that's attaching itself onto people and spreading like a plague . My advice is just to ignore it . I haven't tagged anybody in the last couple of hours , and don't plan on doing so anytime soon . 
Something's wrong with my Facebook IM , none of the messages I'm sending are getting through , and all the messages I get are weird and unreadable . So the seven fricken people that are trying to IM me , I can't talk back . 
has low grade Insomnia . Only got about 3 hours of sleep total last night . At least Lost is on tonight . 
doesn't want to start up school on Tuesday ... especially now that shit has officially hit the fan . 
Okay , seriously , if anybody knows about any job openings or whatever could you tell me , because I may honestly NEED a job very soon . Any help would be appreciated . I'd be willing to take anything , or at the very least try . 
Well , I am officially at El Camino , patiently waiting for my first class to start ... 
Well , the day officially begins with failure ... awesome ... 
knows he was to sleep ... but isn't tired ... but still feels like lying down ... but knows he'll just get bored ... but has to wake up at 6 in the morning ... 
Okay , this sucks . I really am too awake to go to sleep . School is going to be hell tomorrow . 
Well , here comes day 2 , with yet another 4 hours of sleep . Of course , day 2 ... is also longer than day one . Ah , I just LOVE my lack of sleep combined with the beginning of school combined with me being stupid . I just love it ... 
Okay , most epically short < PROPMALE > class ever . Now I just have to stall until 1 ... wow , now that I put it that way , today sucks . Stupid 3 hour < PROPMALE > class lasting 15 minutes . I guess I have no excuse not to work on my book now . 
Okay , it's official . Pirate Facebook is the greatest thing ever . 
just woke up from a nap that was far longer than he intended . Well , awesome . Now the sleep schedule is even WORSE than it was before . Stupid crappy alarm . 
has follow-up interviews in an hour at < PROPFEMALE > Calenders and < PROPFEMALE > Garden . FREAKING OUT MAN !!! 
At 10:00 AM Wednesday Morning , I officially begin my job at < PROPFEMALE > Callender's . < PROPMALE > YAH GRANDMA !!! 
It's a weird feeling just kinda realizing that absolutely nothing is happening in your life and nothing's changing at all . I guess it's time for me to get off my ass again and find something worth doing . 
Time to finally head to sleep and then spend what will likely be all of tomorrow at work . Yeah , I'm mentally preparing myself for the onslaught of apple pie sales . Bring it , Torrance . I'm ready for ya ! 
Happy birthday , < PROPFEMALE > . 
hates the dentist . And pain . Pain may actually be why he hates the dentist . 
There's nothing like being hungry when you aren't allowed to eat for 24 hours . Well , only ... 18 hours to go . Yeah , that didn't make me feel better at all . I really don't want to go to work tomorrow . 
Yeah , work is sucking . Everything looks like the most delicious food on the planet . Only six and a half hours left . I hate the dentist so much right now . 
Let me say , once and for all , that food is the greatest thing ever . EVER ! 
My dream last night consisted of < PROPMALE > White holding me at gunpoint and ordering me to eat Spaghetti . If he didn't , he threatened to kick me in the arm . WTF ? 
It's a rare thing when a movie comes along and makes you just think . It's even more rare when that same movie also keeps you excited , laughing , and hanging on the edge of your seat . Inception is one of those movies . 
feels like dropkicking a moose . No real reason for either the feeling or that specific of an action , but it really honestly is what I'm feeling right now . 
is flipping through facebook pictures and missing a lot of his friends he never sees anymore . 
is officially prepared for his History midterm ... which is on Monday . Now what to do ? 
doesn't want to go to work tomorrow . All I really want to do is play Minecraft all day . Damn you , Minecraft , thief of souls . 
This is not the end , this is not the beginning . Just a voice like a riot rocking every revision . But you listen to the tone and the violent rhythm . Though the words sound steady something empties within ' em . 
Why is it that customers all show up in groups of like 15 people , and then there's a good twenty minutes of complete downtime . I swear they're all out to get me . 
Drop like a bulletshell . Just like a sleeper cell . I'd rather go to hell than be in purgatory . Cut my hair , gag and bore me . Pull this pin , let this world explode . 
So yeah ... Paranormal Activity 2 . That shit is going to keep me awake for weeks . 
hates the El Camino internet . Seriously , are 20 people really going to be enough to take down the whole grid , you stupid piece of crap ? This really is going to happen here ? 
Can a person physically punch the internet ? I mean , I know that sounds like a daunting task , but if anybody has any leads , could you pass them along . Because yeah , I think it's time I found a way for me to punch the internet . 
is sitting in the library with the crappy El Camino internet until his next class starts at 1 ... yeah , this is going to be a long day . 
Around 25 hours of work on Minecraft lost in an instant ... all of that time has now been a complete and utter waste that I will never get back . Thanks , computer , for freezing and deleting all my data . Thanks oh so very much . 
Tap tap tap goes my head on the table . 
Please put this as your status if you know or are related to someone who was killed in Hogwarts when it was under siege by the Death Eaters during The Second Wizarding War . The Order brings Unity , but the Death Eaters continue to < PROPMALE > division and hatred . 57ish citizens died in the terrorist attack against Hogwarts . 93% of people won't repost this . Repost to show your support of Dumbledore's Army 
Hold your breath before the leap . Forever see the dream worth making . Slowly drift off , deep in sleep , and know the future's for the taking . 
Cresting nights and rising suns . Dreams that lie unbroken . Whispered thoughts and smoking guns . Tales best left unspoken . 
The mall before it opens ... is a very weird place to be . 
Browsing through old assignments , found one I did for English Senior year . It's funny how the old you can surprise you . In a good way . 
< PROPMALE > Mis was a blast . 
In the theater , waiting for Mr. Potter . 
< PROPMALE > Potter was amazing . 
Thinking about starting up a youtube series ... now all I need is a video camera and to do some research on crazy people . 
Thank god I've finally reached the end of the worst Thanksgiving ever . Well , on the bright side , at least the < PROPFIRST>'s Jr. Burger was tasty ... 
loves his life . Whole damn essay gets deleted by his stupid fucking computer . Well , here's to dedicating the rest of the day to redoing a fucking 12 < PROPFEMALE > paper . 
Is going to miss Walking Dead until next Halloween . So far away ... 
Tron was amazing !!! 
