Whats on my mind ..... wow ? No one has asked me that in a while 

Finally off work ... but gotta go back tomorrow . gotta have some atl money !!! 
Stop being the biggest or the baddest ... just be ... you ... 
you want me to add you and you dont even respect me as a human ??? FAIL . or u just want to c the pix and gossip ??? ;p 
Would love one day of just tranquillity ... i might just google country side , hit video , and take it as that 
U know what i really dislike , when people complain when something is not done right ... Dont like it ? Be apart of the solution . 
Thinking about how me and my cousin twin ( Tank ) had an awsome time catching up on the past and present . I have been thinking about this family time all day , i twisted up his locs , talked about our childhood and so forth , cannot wait to discuss our present future . AAAAAANNNNDDD ... his hair came out amazing ! Thats how i need to end everyday ! 
What a week ! < PROPMALE > out , worked , getting ready to send my < PROPFEMALE > Sir to school tomorrow . Time just zooms by ! Am a little sorry the summer will be ending soon , i needed more time to work on my tan ... ;) 
Have you ever been sleepy but cannot go to sleep ? Think im goin 2 make a wal mart run . 
Happy Birthday Toots :*( 
Had a blast today at work . Thanx for those who have supported this starving artist !!! Cannot wait for my off day so i can do some jewelry . * horray 4 creativity * 
Wow ... funny how ridicule is the base word in ridiculous . Like some posts . Just saying ... 
Needs a duplex , or a house !! ( sigh ) 
Just saw the obituary for Chivalry today ... lets all have a moment of silence 
Has had breathtaking heartburn and indigestion since 4:30 ... any suggestions ? 
Thinking its weird how people change . Makes you not want to meet anyone new . 
Educate your self ... word for the day is kakistocracy . 
MIDTOWN ! MIDTOWN ! MIDTOWN ! ( who wants to join me 2nite ???? ) 
About time for a change ... right after this nap ( yawn ) *_* 
Lets see how forthcoming my Facebook friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR first name . No repeats . It can only be 1 word . Then copy and paste this post on yourwall , so I can leave a word about you 
Had a job offer the other night i COULD refuse ... a stripper ... dont call me ill call u ... lol 
I have a confession to all of my co-workers .... sigh ... somedays , i wear grey socks . I KNOW I KNOW ! Even i make mistakes ( lol ) 
HI HO ! HI HO ! ITS OFF TO WORK I GO !! ( right after this NOS ... ) 
Whats better in the morning than a good prayer and a good cup of coffee ? ( now watch ziah ruin it ..... ) lol 
Hi bad mood ... Meet my friend Moscato , Moscato , meet Bad mood ... Wait bad mood ? where are you going ! You just got here ? lol 
Live and Let Live ... 
Felt like i was the only one in the whole wide world that used my blinker on the way to and from hixson today . Maybe I should have rolled my window down and let them cough in my face ... 
* sigh * ... How do i have empty nest syndrome already and my son is only gone for the night ? well , time to pop in some movies till i doze off ... 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper softly in her\ 
ear . While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how beautiful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he could take her pain away ... While you make your woman CRY , there's a man stealing her smile .... Post this on\ 
your wall if you're AGAINST Domestic Violence ! 
I really enjoy other peoples pages , looking at pics , and just seeing how life is going for them ... but one thing i noticed is the word HATE/HATERS is used tremedously . I do have a comment . Just because someone corrects you or you hear your name on the streets , does not mean they are a HATER ... 
Why do children think it is cute to give us their boogers ? Or is that just my son ? 
Sorry everyone , I'm not super superstitious , but this year October has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is money bags . So Copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one who does not copy , ......... will be without money .. I a ... m broke enough , don't need any bad luck !!!! 
Wow .... wheres MY window seat ... 
Sometimes im like the wind . Then at times , i am the leaf .... 
If you could describe the mood you are in now using a < PROPFEMALE > flavour , what would yours be ? For instance mine would be sweet and sour starburst . I can give you my sweet smile but still tart inside ... 
Wow ... is that frost ? 
The only thing i want from you ... your trust . why is that the most important thing to me ? because its like owning an expensive diamond , hardly anyone has one ... 
Slowly realizing that you cannot be nice to everyone , you still have your smart asses , rudeness , and all around ugly people who dont get all the facts ... 
Cloud 9 lounge ... im so there ... and by the way yeeaaas , peanut butter does remove chewing gum , sources ... ( I just did it this morning ) 
Wish there was a \dislike\ " button for some status's ... " 
If you keep pursuing pleasure , you only get pain ... 
ExCiTeD .... is and understatment ...... 
Am i wrong because i havent bought ANY gifts yet ... 
SNOW !!! 
Random fun * Kennesha's wish list ... ( ehem ) 1 Fushigi , 50 people , each equipped with a 1 dollar gift card to hobby lobby and big yarn hats ... 2 b continued 
Has anyone kept up with the wikileaks situation ? I keep going to the blogging websites but it seems like they are using a lot of words just to sum up one situation . Could you break it down for me ? 
Dont you just love rudeness ??!!! 
OnE DaY .... the skin will thicken , and the mouth will quicken ... * kennesha woodruff * 
WORDS THAT SHOULD BE RETIRED ..... hater , hateraid , hateristic , hatians , hatology ... mostly any word that has a suffix or prefix hate . Why ? Some people have abused this word and the only way to fix it is to kill it ... 
It doesn't matter if you pay attention to what people think of you , what matters is what you decide to do ... ( k . woodruff ) 
Ended up spending 15 minutes of christmas at my job , loved every minute of it ! * < PROPMALE > helped of couse ... * < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS 
JEWELRY TIME !!!! 
After just looking outside at like 12 , < PROPFEMALE > called me at 12:15 saying look outside , its snowing ... mind you she is 45 minutes away ... HOW DO THEY DO THAT ? 
---------> O ( cyber snowballs .... )\ 
O <------ 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along . 
Was thinking about planting asparagus when the time was right , but did you know you have 2 wait about 3 years after planting for a harvest ? Guess i will stick 2 bILo 
I <3 LITTLE BIG PLANET ( 2) !!!!! 
The same thing i can do out on a Friday night out , I can do at home !!!! ( YAY ) \ 
\ 
Still <3 Little big planet 2 !!! 
you know what would be awesome ... having a LIKE or DISLIKE button on everyone's facebook < PROPFEMALE > . Wonder how many dislikes i would have !? 
What a day ! 
You can help people and keep it 100 with kind words , talking trash dosent help ... 
I arrogantly despise arrogance ... ( j/k ) but really , why such the big head ? Your outer appearance will soon fade away ! Keep working on being the * baddest * and i will keep working on my inner peace ..... 
Finding out someone is really talking behind your back is terrible ... how would you fix that situation ? 
When the axe entered the < PROPMALE > , the trees said : \The handle is one of us\ " . Turkish proverb . ( you cannot trust everyone ... even those who say they love you ... ) " 
cONFIDENT = uNderstood ( by others ) yet unspoken , people realize your potential and beauty without you making it understood ... conceited/arrogant = tooting your horn , making sure everyone knows with speech and just looking dumb . lets hope your are confident .... 
Went to chatt state today , its time to get that ball rolling ... again . ( excited ) 
Headed to the chill , but my transmission said nope ... guess im staying in 2nite , and tomorrow ... and this weekend ... 
alrighty , car fixed ... check , netflix hooked up , check , hair clips and lock gel , check , it may be late but the party is starting !!!!! 
Living , learning , still loving . Without materialistic views , open , wish we all could be that way ... Peace ... 
You have to give respect to earn it , if you make excuses for that you will NOT be respected ... ( especially by me .... ) ( JUST SAYING ... ) 
...... 
Just finished making homemade bird feeders with my < PROPMALE > ( ziah ) well , i made them , he watched , but hey keeping him entertained ! ( feeling crafty andfamily oriented .... ) 
welp just googled some random massage therapist , called , asked a bunch of random questions about the field im getting into and was told some random good news !!!!! say hello to your soon to be massage therapist ( thanx < PROPMALE > the massage therapist ! ) 
12 34 
You know im not a brag , but ... MY SON IS AWESOME ! what about he is asking momma about God ! Lets stop spoiling our kids with toys and money , and lets get 2 whats important ! ( I <3 ziah ) 
Loving how im not the only one up on facebook this late ... ( I C U .... ) 
Just to let everyone know my husband I are now Am Way IBO . If you have heard of Am Way then you know we are on a winning team . Please consult us if you have any questions . Our grand opening is this Saturday at the < PROPMALE > Heights Baptist Church , Hixson . Please inbox or just call for any questions ! 
“We can never judge the lives of others , because each person knows only their own pain and renunciation . It's one thing to feel that you are on the right path , but it's another to think that yours is the only path . ” Paulo Coelho 
if you think everyone else has wronged you , think back it was probably you wronging everyone - kennesha 
Discovery museum , ( check ) , food with my Big River Family , ( check ) , A little pool with my little man , ( check ) , and now some family time ( double check) ! Loving it ! 
<3 
THANX KETA FOR BEING THE FIRST ! AND WISHING ME HAPPY BIRFFFDAY !!! ( yaya ) 
dont you just love early morning/late night fevers ? and what makes it even better , gonna try to break it without meds ... ( super duper mommy mode ) , 
I <3 my family , <3 my work family , <3 my friends , <3 my blessings , <3 my honesty , <3 my free love , what can i say ? (: ) ) 
Banana ... 
All of us have a thousand wishes . To be thinner , to be bigger , have more money , have a cool car , a day off , a new phone , to date the person of your dreams . A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's butt . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is fighting cancer , or even had cancer , post this for at least one hour ... 
WOW ! this weather is gorgeous !!! ( dripping sarcasm ... ) 
sooo boooored .... im going to goodwill . peace ! 
Has been running all weekend , will be running all week , will make sure 2 enjoy these 2 days off !! ( weekly weekend ... ) 
Might be giving facebook a break , got a lot of work 2 do and .... well .... i will have peace of mind . 
