Hey for all those who got the quizzes , the first ones were lame , but they got a little better . Ifyou hate that stuff , let me know . Its all nuevo to me . 

Life can really be wonderful if we let it , its just the letting it part :) 
You cannot focus upon unwanted and receive wanted . You cannot focus upon stories about money that make you feel uncomfortable and allow into your experience what makes you feel comfortable . A different story will bring different results : Your thoughts are the basis for the attraction of all things that you consider to be good , which includes enough money , and health , for your comfort and joy . 
You want appreciation . Even though you like what's happening now doesn't mean that you still don't want appreciation or greater stimulation . The perfect creative stance is satisfaction where I am , and eagerness for more . 
I'm thinking now maybe I shouldn't have used that little girl for my profile pic cause everyone thinks its my daughter . She was supposed to represent me since I couldnt d.l. one . I guess she looks like me a little , but let me assure you my daughter is a real cutie ! I will have pics of me , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > on saturday . And its my sister's baby shower too so it should be a blast ! 
CANT WAIT TO PUT IN PICS OF THE BABY ! 
Isn't it funny how you are always more excited about something before you try it ? Well hope all enjoy the pics . My daughter would not sit still for many of them so sorry bout that , but they're pretty good . 
I'm thinking I stayed up way too late tonight . At least I will see rewards for my efforts . 
Well shi-ite . I don't understand if they give me the damn email address to upload pics , why the hell doesn't it work ?! 
Ok I love this new toolbar ! and I never say that . I have 14 toolbars and they're all hidden . But this one is awesome . It even lets you add apps to it like Zynga Games , Cool Videos , and more . Plus it has this little ticker that runs through and says positive messages like I am a magnet to money , I am a magical beautiful being , etc ... I really recommend this ! 
I think big , i have positive energy , nothing gets me down , i achieve all my goals , i am unstoppable ... To have these inspiring messages in your face all the time can not help but to change the way you are attracting people and things into your life . I know if I sound whatev , but shit I'm an expert at it now ! Seriously this may really be something worthwhile .... 
I want everyone who knows my boyfriend < PROPMALE > to say a prayer ( to who or whatever ) for him . He's going through something big rightnow and hasn't been home in a few days . When he gets back , I know things will be great , but I need all my friends in facebook land to visualize him coming home safe , happy , and wealthier !! 
I love my daughter , I love my daughter , I love my daughter . She's just a baby , very smart , but just a baby . Sometimes she drives me so crazy , so I have to keep reminding myself no matter how mad I get at her . Forgiveness is everything . I love my daughter , I love my daughter ... 
Alright then . Let's test those memories : Take my quiz , \ Do You Really Know Me ? It has a lot of stuff from the good ole ' days and should be fun . " 
\FA-AT guy in a litt-le coat \"- < PROPFIRST > Farley in < PROPFIRST > Boy Ahh its hilarious watching it right now ! \"" 
AAAhh !!! The joys ( and screams ) of parenthood ... 
Finaally got a phone that sends pics to my email ! yay now i can put more pics in ! Just put a new one of < PROPFEMALE > today . Hope all in facebook land are well .. 
Has anyone tried Cool Previews yet ? Its awesome if you're like me and get distracted from what you're doing by some cool-looking link or < PROPFEMALE > , you can see what its gonna be and stay one the same < PROPFEMALE > . So you dont have a hundred windows open ! Try it ! 
Eating hot cheetos w/ límon . Damn they hot ! 
Good night all . Keep looking for a better feeling than the one you have , and you'll be alright . Peace :) 
Listening to \Think and Grow Rich\ " on audio CD . Almost every self-made millionare follows these principles !! " 
As long as you continue to think negatively , you will attract the essence of that energy to you . Come on people . You really dont see it yet ???!!!! 
Can u read this ? i am hree to get you to udnresantd taht you aer mroe tahn you tinhk you are . you are erteanal and you hvae the aibiltiy to uresdantnd vrey cmopelx iedas . eevn tinhgs taht are not fmaliair at fsirt . see ? the mnid is an azamnig mcahnie . it wlil tnsrtlaae waht you need to konw for you . cool huh ? tihs idclunes cnopcets lkie god and the uivnrese and the law of aratcttoin . you are god ergeny . taht is all 
Ah the lazy days of summer . Gotta love ' em ! 
Damn I'm tired . Well goodnight everyone . Keep on keeping on ! 
believes in the value of each and every person . Knows that everyone is only searching for what their value is to the world . Let's help each other find it !! 
is thinking this world has so many beautiful things to appreciate . Let's start seeing more of those and less of the ugliness !! 
I know that death seems like such a strong real part of life , but in reality there is NO DEATH AT ALL . Consciousness never dies . When you leave your body , you'll know . In death is the secret to life . Sucks about that catch-22 tho 
Wow I've been away for a minute eh ? So , like it kinda sucks cause I wont really be able to be on fb a lot once school starts . Im taking 15 credits . For all my fb friends , please try to be positive even in the face of extreme challenges . It helps to look at everything as a spiritual lesson and detach . Good luck with everything .... Thanks for the hearts guys , I love em ;) 
just got a new awesome and expensive ! phone and new # . wow cant believe its time 4 school already ! damn ! 
That freaking sucks to Have your hood come up and smash your windshield twice in a year but it happened to me yesterday again !! Ahh . Right after my daughter's beautiful 2 year birthday party . Kinda frazzled but at least I can listen to all the music I want . Yeeaaa . 
Everyone ought to try this new < PROPFEMALE > Life Program I ordered . Basically states when you reach < PROPFEMALE > Brain waves by deep relaxation you can tap into awesome powers of the mind . Its very well known , researched , etc . Warning : it can flip around lives if they are mostly negative . Interested contact me and we'll go from there . Cheers to your new life ;) 
But judge not and neither condemn for you know not why a thing occurs nor to what end . 
