happy 2010 only two years left till people feel stupid 

RIP < PROPMALE > you will be miss < PROPMALE > 
just woke up first time in a while i woke up at 11 
can anyone with ninja warz send me things please and thank u 
can someone send me some food on cafe world please 
only thing facebook is missing is a music playlist . if they do have one i cant find it 
going to moms . but then get to go to my little cuz's bday party 2maro 
colts win 32-27 
we should get lots of snow so we dont get school 2maro 
o well colts will win next year 
y doesnt decatur give at least a 2 hour delay 
well homework was easy now what to do 
looks like we have school 
2 HOUR DELAY !!!!!!! :) 
to all decatur students i heard that we WILL have a delay tomarow 
o well no 2 hour delay guess u should get up 
This world is a rotten place and the ones to blame are those in power . They can change this world for the better if they wanted to but instead all they do is abuse their power in war . 
well i have to go to my moms . o well better just get it over with 
well i guess hurting people is human nature no mater how stupid the person is to hurt someone that wants to help them 
if someone takes over the world for the sake of peace is it still and act of evil ? 
about to go to school . wish we had a 2 hour delay so i could try to sleep more 
grr at math homework 
well im getting off looks like im out of things to do 
happy birthday < PROPMALE > we all miss you 
egg roll < PROPMALE > is good 
wow it takes a long time for controllers to charge 
go to barlos at 7 
all my apps wont work > ( 
wow highschool drama gets on facebook . will the chaos never end :P 
about to go to moms :( 
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Forget-Bin-Laden-Weve-gotta-catch-PedoBear/214221706508?v=wall#!/pages/Forget-Bin-Laden-Weve-gotta-catch-PedoBear/214221706508?ref=mf 
wow what a surprise we are helping chile after they have an earthquake . so < PROPFEMALE > helps out the whole world , but who halps < PROPFEMALE > when were in trouble ? 
the kid in this video is stupid . for those who know what 4chan is or who anonymus is watch . or any one who wants to laugh at a kid that looks stupid http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pP9UZwidP0w&feature=related 
loves how middle schoolers think cusing makes them all big and bad :D 
great my phone charger wont work again . dont text me because it will only be on when im driving 
about to go to metropolis to get a new charger for my phone 
i hope today is a good one . i hope i get all my answers 
just got home from curch class 
is thinking positive : One day , everyone you hate is going to die ! 
i get the feeling today is going to be good :) 
well 2day was fun . still have questions that wernt answer but ill get them soon i hope 
so whose the zombie for Z-DAY ??? 
survived zombie swarm at school . i think i can make it through the week no problem 
going to have facebook up till my charger comes so if anyone wants to < PROPFEMALE > out send me a message 
one day you will realize that i was everything you ever wanted . And by the time that happens I'm not going to want you 
dont want to go to school . just want to go back to bed 
making movie script for photography . this should be fun 
going to moms :( o fun 
wow first car crash 
ADD NINJA WARZ AND SEND ME WEAPONS 
A SOUND SOUL RESIDES WITHIN A SOUND MIND AND SOUND BODY 
I realize the screaming pain Hearing loud in my brain But I'm going straight ahead , with the scar 
just watched THE HAPPENING for the first time . all i have to say is OMG WTF !?!?!?!?! 
does anyone have a working PS2 controller that they will give me or sell to me cheap ? 
going to practice for mass . be on later 
Don't Let the Smile on my face or the laugh in my voice fool you , because every time I see you , It Hurts all over again ! 
happy easter . im amazed that my brother and sister didnt wake everyone up at 6:30 
bu ? z ??? s ? ??? sq ?? s ??? ? o ? ? poob s ?? ?? po ? 
got back from the concert . it was amazing i dont think i can sleep 
Yo , ho , haul together , hoist the colors high . Heave ho , thieves and beggars , never shall we die . 
< PROPFIRST > Sparrow : Did no one come to save me just because they missed me ? [ Everyone looks around . Pintel , Ragetti , and < PROPFIRST > The Monkey cautiously raise their hands ] < PROPFIRST > Sparrow : I'm standing over there with them . Share this quote 
Captain Jocard : Who is this traitor ? Barbossa : Not likely one among us . < PROPFEMALE > Swann : Where's Will ? < PROPFIRST > Sparrow : Not among us . 
has anyone noticed that the news feed cuts off the word on one line and moves it to the next ? has some one that has Dyslexia this is a problem 
just got done with that stupid paper for english now i cant sleep oh well night to all facebook 
wha wants to take my test 
so who wants to sit and talk about the SAT questions 
It's Ironic how people Adore those who Ignore them , Ignore those who Adore them , Love those who Hurt them and Hurt those who Love them . 
have you ever sat in silence and listened to the fight between your head and your heart ... 
saw Iron Man 2 last night . great movie whiplash was an intresting character . and the ending after the credits was great 
playing with my Ipod 
Why is \common sense\ " so uncommon ? " 
ever notice that when you loose something there is always someone dumb enough to ask where did you loose it ?? 
WHOO its may 17 i can drive people around now legally 
haha i love it when my brother makes mistakes . he thinks hes winning the argument and he has no < PROPMALE > of winning it 
CRAP JUST REMEMBERED THAT I HAVE 10 JOURNALS DUE TOMAROW 
7 out of 10 done right now . i can do one when i get to school and then another one in first period so thats a 90 out of 100 . im fine with that 
so how was everyones 8th period 
so who else is going to wake up around 1 p.m. 
its only 9:42 why am i up 
lol i love the fact that people think that i graduated because there is a senior named zach spears 
What to have for lunch ? 
wonders why we go to school if education is knowledge , knowledge is power , power corrupts , corruption leads to crime , and crime doesn't pay ? 
i love randomly running into people at barnes & < PROPMALE > . it seems like every time i go there i run into someone i know 
whose line is it anyway is the funnest show on this planet 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C51cOTGUDho&feature=related 
toy story 3 was worth the 11 year wait 
In west Philadelphia born and raised , on the playground is where I spent most of my days .. Ha ha , now it's stuck in your head too ! 
im home alone and watching videos of people playing F.E.A.R not a smart thing to do 
Those who are allowed to shoot are those who are prepared to be shot . 
R . I . P onemanga you will be missed 
is it said that i remember the lyrics to a song that i song in 8th grade and i havnt heard of it again till just now ? 
just got my classes . im going to be a senior in PE ? i already took that 
Anyone want a desk ? 
to those that know of and have watched the anime known has NEON < PROPFEMALE > EVANGELION and have not killed your self i congradulate you in getting passsed the most messed up anime ever created 
i want to go back to sleep 
wow the new senior edge english teacher is alittle crazy 
Gakuen Mokushiroku : High School Of The Dead is a great anime any anime fans out there have to see this one and if you are a zombie fan then you will really like it 
international cosplay today . going has L from death note . to bad i dont have the hair for it 
As of today divine BBQ is now closed in mars hill . For anyone that has ate there and still wants their food they will be on Washington St. and they will still deliver to the people here and their # is 2489800 
99%of\ 
teenagers would cry if they saw < PROPFIRST > Bieber standing on top of a \ 
skyscraper about to jump . If you are the 1% sitting there with popcorn \ 
and 3Dglasses , screaming \DO A BACKFLIP ! \ " 
so far a good day lets see if it will stay that way or change 
today went from good to great school was good then went to work and found out the chicken suit is missing now i dont have to wear it can today get any better 
To obtain , something of equal value must be lost . That is alchemy's first law of Equivalent Exchange . this sucks when it works against you 
Humankind cannot gain anything without first giving something in return . To obtain , something of equal value must be lost . That is alchemy's first law of Equivalent Exchange . This should be the law of the world 
just got home from the movies had a good time . really dont want to go to school 2maro 
\With a keen eye for detail one truth always prevails\ " can anyone guess the show ? " 
gave blood today . lots of seniors that left early because of it 
is going green ! \ save a tree eat a beaver \"" 
Just got a call from U of I and all those said I couldn't get into college I say ha 
has fun at work for once . meet smily from the smily morning show and beat him in a game of tug-o-war and that made my day 
What's on your mind ? Children with Special needs only want what we all want : to be accepted ! Can I make a request of anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week and this is in honor of all children-made in a unique way or who learn a little differently 
any one know of any parties that are being held after the game ? 
home from moms house found a new manga 
my brother is an idiot . he better not be lying about this or he is in a world of trouble , and there is nothing anyone can do about it 
up for SAT . why do they have to be so early in the morning can someone go take it for me ? 
going to my moms for the weekend . this should be fun 
just found wifi at my moms . now to watch hitman reborn 
i swear i think my brother is the most stupid person i have ever known 
to anyone that care i just played a game and lost it 
cant wait for school to end going to see < PROPMALE > Potter with some friends . im sure this is going to be bad seeing has the first half of the book was a slow start 
< PROPMALE > potter was a lot better then i thought . they did a good job of keeping with the story and made it funny has well . 4/5 just because of the cliffhanger 
Do\ 
any of us really know everybody on our facebook friend list ? Here's a \ 
task for you . I want my FB friends to comment on this status about how \ 
you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the \ 
same . You will be amazed at the results you get in 12 hours 
had fun today went to a bball game with some friends i havnt < PROPFEMALE > out with in god knows how long . good day cant complain about it 
Verde is evil those who know verde will agree 
i have a question for facebook . what happened to giving me a notice about a group before i join ? 
my stepmom is acting like a little kid XD 
will everyone just stop with all the school drama crap . yes moorsville and decatur hate each other but im tired of hearing all the whoorsville and DC = whitetrash talk . will you all just grow up already 
guess ill join the crowd . pick a # and send to me in a message then ill tell you what i think about you on my status 
12 to be honest i cant remember how i know you . but i know that i wouldnt have added you unless i did :P 
59 you are one of my friends little annoying sisters and fun to pick on in the hallway 
2347 pick a big enough # lol . ur a cool person who knows when to act right unlike most of the highschool 
3 you are one of the few girls that i know that are in to anime and manga and i think thats cool 
23 you are an awsome person that many look down apon 
11 how did i know you would pick this number . you are one of my oldest friends who i need to < PROPFEMALE > out with more . there is never a boring moment when ever you are around 
8 => ill make it a number . you are one of more random friends who i could not imagine not knowing . ur a cool guy who can take a joke especialy when people say you dont really love ur gf 
13 you are defently my longest friendship and i wouldnt trade it for anything ... unless it was something related to haruhi ( jkjk ) for a short person u live large and never look down on people because they have to look down to see u XD 
2 lets see . we met in a class that only one guy actually tried in . we used to always play COD together with < PROPMALE > and u arnt scared to tell someone the truth no matter what it is . u can be a < PROPMALE > but its when it is needed 
83 last year we used to talk alot now we dont talk that much . i cus its cuz we only have one class at the same time and IM NOT A CHICKEN MAN 
22 you are a very important person to me . even though i have gone through a lot of stress since ive met you my feelings for you have never change . i dont know what i would do if you were not part of my life and im happy we are back together 
im thinking about joining the national guard what does eveyone think of this ? 
going to talk to my recruiter at 4 for the national guard 
yeah i get home to finish my stuff for the National Guard and the website wont work on my laptop FML 
Bitto no watashi no ok ? san ni iku 
so i have no idea how to tell my mom that im joining the National Guard . she hates the idea of me or my brother joining the army and i have no idea how im going to tell her without her flipping out 
their going to take me away haha\ 
their going to take me away hohohehehaha 
Laptop is being stupid and won't let me on the Internet :( 
Just got home from meeting SGT Driver with my parents . I think they are more ok with me joining the National Guard now 
I don't think I've ever been so happy to not have a snow-day 3 finals for my hardest classes this should be fun 
Yes 3 down 3 to go then no school 
yeah laptop works again . now for sleep 
Yes schools out now time to relax 
going out to eat with my parents to talk more about me joining the guard 
facebook is messing up everything i try to do DX 
bored out of my mind who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out 
Going to take the ASVAB taking a test in the winter what fun 
I never thought I'd hate kids so much 
at a hotel in carmal have to wake up at 4am what fun . txt me please im bored out of my mind 
Hope my laptop gets fixed soon the I can stop using my iPod for everything 
So who's ready to go to school tomorrow ? 
WHOO laptops fixed . thanks < PROPMALE > . now i can stop using the stupid ipod app that wont let me do anything 
leaving for my first drill soon . dont want to be up . glad its only one weekend a month 
just got back from drill . wasnt has bad has i thought . i bet tomorrow will be worse 
About to leave to my second day of drill . anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out later if i can still move ? 
anyone wanting to join the National Guard . you can still go to college while being a soilder . if you do send me a message 
anyone wanting to make money going to school if so tell me and ill tell you how 
anyone loving that we got out two hours early ? 
bored so answer\ 
Put this as your status and see what colors you get\ 
Red : I love you . \ 
Pink : You're cute . (: \ 
Green : You're funny . (: \ 
White : I used to like you . </3 \ 
... Yellow : You're amazing . \ 
Black : I miss you . :/\ 
Blue : Friends forever . (: \ 
Purple : You're hot . [: \ 
Brown : You're sweet . (: \ 
Aqua : I want to be yours forever . \ 
Gray : You're a retard but i love you 
im not freaking out about the new zodiacs but can some one tell me why they changed 
WHOO friday going to do PT then < PROPFEMALE > out with some friends txt me 
concert around 4 have to go get my oil changed hope my pay for drill comes soon 
\Happiness is like glass . It may be all around you 
Illusions ... or real illusions . Within the illusions hide real illusions ... from the real illusions , the illusions are created . Within the truth hides the lie ... within the lie hides the truth . That is the Mist . 
i love my house so much its thursday and right on time my step mom finds something to bitch about and says that shes leaving and will end up being back in about 3 hours 
so i just found out that a senior friend of mine has no idea what the black death was 
still sleepy can we have a four hour delay ? 
why must i be insane . i always think the worst of a situation no matter what it is . soon im going to completly snap i just know it 
today wasnt good things went from bad to worse to horrible hope tomorrow will be better 
Kentucky just passed the best law ever . To be on Food stamps , Medicaid , or Cash Assistance on your Children or yourself You have to pass a DRUG Test . Now every other state should do the same . If you agree re-post . People that work have to take a drug test so should they !!!! Repost if you agree . 
AOCDRNDICG TO RSCHEEARCH AT CMABRIGDE UINERVTISY , IT DSENO'T MTAETR WAHT OERDR THE LTTERES IN A WROD ARE , THE OLNY IPROAMTNT TIHNG IS TAHT THE FRSIT AND LSAT LTTEER BE IN THE RGHIT PCLAE . TIHS IS BCUSEAE THE HUAMN MNID DEOS NOT RAED ERVEY LTETER BY ISTLEF , BUT THE WROD AS A WLOHE . IF YOU CAN RAED TIHS , PSOT IT TO YUOR WLAL . OLNY 55% OF PLEPOE CAN ! ( I Can ) 
Doesn't make sense does it ?? Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without the benefits they were promised . Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first . 1% will re-post and 99% wont . Have ... the guts to re-post this . And they still hate and keep killing Americans . 
i love pep sessions seniors always go from something like 87 to 615 with only 50 points haha 
looks like another boring weekend for me . if i didnt join the Guard id be bored all the time at least they give me something to do 
anyone else think the next ice age is going to come soon ? 
looks like < PROPFIRST > is back and im bored so you know what to do 
bored send me a number 
24 : ur brother was one of the first friends i made at < PROPFIRST > and ur one of the few i talk to from then . ur a dork that plays along with < PROPMALE > about the stupid fate thing to 
59 : i mess with u a lot but ur ok u have a brother hows head over heals for a girl and ur a red headed devil :P 
42 : lets see when i first met u i thought u were weird and that has not change . but i have more respect for you though since then guess im infected with wierdness has well now . 
11 : i think this is the same number u picked last time . ur one of my oldest friends and we used to < PROPFEMALE > out what seemed like everyday . ur a person ik i can talk to when thinks get bad and im glad to have someone with a great sense of humor has a friend 
19 : ur dating a guy i trust with my life . ur a cosplayer that gets worried easily . um lets see ur luce in our group of arcablano and u like to startle the witch 
56 : ur a great friend that i can talk to about anything . ur a fellow cosplayer and dating a very ditsy ( sp ?? ) girl lol . ur a great fighter and can hold ur own against almost anything 
1532 : u sit behind me in ap psych . u have no idea how ninja i am :D . ur a cool person and a great friend 
13 : lets see what do i think of u ? you an amazing hitman . you like to beat up on ur students . i never thought id be friends with u went i first met u . ur a fun and funny person to be around 
funny how we all dont want to go to school when we have it but when we are not there for two soon to be three days we want to go to school 
just came back inside from being out there for like 10 minutes and i cant feel my hands , feet , face , or the rest of my body WTH mother nature 
We better have school tomorrow . if we dont im going to go insane with these kids DX 
bored out of my mind just got done looking at a bunch of zodiac stuff . some were funny and some were stupid . anyone ready for tomorrow ? 
AHHHH why again 
so who else has homework that they havnt done this week ? 
yeah drills bed sounds good right now 
off to drill should be fun . be back around 5-6 leave me stuff 
Well didnt improve both of my PT scores but i went up in sit ups so i guess i didnt slack off has much has i thought i did 
got back from drill and manage to get away from shark attack with only doing the crawl :P 
so im mad now why does transformers have to come out when im at basic 
best coke comercial and now thor comes out sweet 
super 8 looks good 
thor and captain < PROPFEMALE > this summer has to many movies i want to see 
ok are the BEP tring to do a tron show ? 
HOLY SH*T SLASH 
hahaha i loved the ending of the best buy 
WHOO CAPT'N < PROPFIRST > 
so i have lots of homework and im playing black ops . is that bad ? 
school should start at 8 or 9 
finally got the vongola ring it about time they came in 
