Yes the phone is still broken i feel useless without it 

ought to finish stripping this pickup out , but fuck it i think i'd rather do it when im not so hungover 
Good weekend ! 
House cleaned , ready to attempt to cook without burnin the food for once ... So very productive today ! 
finally has to bust out a bigger blanket than the sheets 
The car is finally D-O-N-E !!!! 
not a big fan of this snow stuff ... hopefully the roads are driveable by saturday , n if their not , i'm still drivin on em .. By < PROPMALE > i do go into the ditch that night , i'm still gana get wasted underneath the snow cause its Halloween !! 
the back absolutely kills today 
gettin up at 5 < PROPMALE > so we can pick up another vehicle to start our own rez neighborhood in merriman 
one of those times when each decision , no matter which one , both have bad endings 
Going to check out the smoker in merriman . Who knows , it could be fun ? I'm guessing it won't be fun .... 
Went on a simple trip to merr to get a pop , coming home peacefully and what do i c but a owl on the highway . To make a short story shorter , got home with a dent on my hood and a broken grille ... Damnit !!! 
Shit Yes , FINALLY got one !!! 
pretty sure i provide cat food for all the furry lil creatures in this neck of the woods , cause when i get rid of one , two more show up in its place and steal kittys food 
thank you all for the bday wishes !!! 
Dear Sickness , i think its time we break up !! we've been together for about 3 weeks now , I'm tired and i just can't stand being with u anymore when all you do is bring be further and further down !! I'm sorry it was fun while it lasted but from here on out can you leave me alone plz !!!? 
headed for groceries , since i lost my cell , i guess your gonna have to find me drivin round 
from all the pics i see of sod house sunday , it looked GAY !! 
mother < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , started a fire mowin , bout burnt up Mo , Leighs true love !! \ 
( Her nickname is Mo , short for The Mowin Tractor ) 
sure it was cheap last night . dollar 50 for a pint but today is hell and im sure im going to die today 
Sopranos are well pretty much amazing !! Thanks C.Y. 
Even though your not very many words long English paper , you still suck ! 
. . . .? 
I should become a professional burglar . I locked myself outta the apt n used a PBR can to unlock the door . 
I've got 5 hours of work left and have nothing else better to do but chat on facebook 
I've come to the conclusion that all #1 hit songs in the late 80's sucked . Us born during that time have nothing to brag about ..... 
Finally done !! I did sell a book today and only got 5 dollars . What a bunch of Jews ! 
I add somebody as a friend , then block my whole profile from their viewing pleasures , AND THEY DELETE ME INSTANTLY !.... Why oh Why ?? lol 
Citizen of the day award goes to none other than myself ! I had to park a block away from my place cause of the snow . During the walk back I pushed a car out for some people that got stuck . < PROPMALE > Heineman , I expect a letter of appreciation ! 
Poke me one more time woman I swear it'll be your last !! 
after 6 hours of studying I expect to pass this test .... more than likely I failed .. I'm gana blame it on Mr. Cunningham because he didn't teach it well enough when I was 16 . 
I'm almost dead from boredom . I've done all the creepin I can and still have 2 hours of class left . 
About to waste another 3 hrs of my life on this ridonkulous class 
3 tests on thursday n friday . Should probably start studying but the distractions of Spartacus : Gods of the Arena , and stumbleupon.com, it seems like studying could wait til tomorrow 
You think you can make it to < PROPFIRST > ? I think so , don't wait up for me ... 
O Cadbury Eggs , I have missed you ! 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! ™ 
Great .... not only am I in a bad way this morning , I have to help some highscoolers for 2 hours . I'm sure it is going to be grand !... Curse you St. < PROPFEMALE > 
