... figured how to put a custom ringtone on my iPhone , awesome ! 

No one should die because they cannot afford health care . No one should go broke because they get sick . No one should be denied medical care by their own insurer . No one should stay in a job because they are afraid to lose their insurance . If you agree , please post this as your status . 
Hey people in Samoa , what is going on ? Hope everyone is okay . 
Car wouldn't start this morning , also failed to jump it , had to push it to the auto shop so as to not have to pay for a tow for only a block . ( at least the shop is just around the corner ) Likely it is my alternator maybe but they aren't sure . DAMN 
Minneapolis is having municipal elections next week ( Nov 3 ) . The cool thing is that last year a large majority voted for ranked-choice voting . So you can rank your choices for municipal offices - like MAYOR . I'm totally looking forward to ranking my choices so I don't always have to just vote for the lesser evil . Now to actually find information about the candidates ( not easy ! ) 
Just remembered a sad event from Friday night at Ground Zero . After the show people were dancing and a club version of Depeche Mode's \Personal Jesus\ " came on and then I realized there was a guy in a Jesus costume dancing on the stage ! But then some club staff ( or should I say staph ) came and made him get down . So sad . Also is it just me or does Ground Zero have crap bartenders also lacking any charisma ? " 
today is a pretty useless work day . 
the big storm has messed things up sufficiently that my parents and i can't get out to colorado after all ... it's pretty SUCKY . so i think i'll be coming back to mpls tomorrow . hit me up if you want to do something . 
I just read a comment on youtube that said : \You ? don't have evidence that science is right . \"" 
dreams 
YO internet people -> rediculous is spelled ridiculous . Get it right ! 
< PROPMALE > mini with all my < PROPFEMALE > movies is not booting , running disk utility now it is taking forever . i will cry if i lose all that work ! plus there is actual work data on there not backed up . wft who technology cursed me ? i'm sorry i if i accidentally cut you off in traffic voodoo/gypsy/witch person , please forgive me ! 
I know it was so long ago , but after rewatching The Matrix again I can't stop expecting Neo to take both pills . The first time I saw it I really thought he was going to . To take the third choice not offered seems more illustrative of a way of thinking in ways that would break the matrix ' there is no spoon ' kind of stuff . Plus they could have made a big deal about nobody having done that before ... 
Also the < PROPFEMALE > should have been using The Matrix as a processor for things they couldn't do themselves - that there was some quality of the human mind that did calculations the < PROPFEMALE > couldn't duplicate and the Matrix was this huge parallel processing machine - a world mind ... not the whole battery thing . 
karaoke songs to sing ( a list of songs i know and are easy to sing - other suggestions ? ) crimson and clover - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and the shondells safety dance - men without hats abracadabra - < PROPMALE > miller band < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > - < PROPFIRST > schilling bang a gong - t . < PROPMALE > 
wow today is awesome so far , woke up to a flat tire which i barely changed myself because the lug nuts were so tight i bent the tire iron getting them off , and then i had to buy new tires for my car which was insanely expensive . later today i go to the doctor for a gazillion dollars to have him tell me there is no treatment for the black spot in my vision but i am going anyway . the end . 
with the shanty it is weekends at the shanty , this wed . night at shanty too - a friend from out of town is here until the 7th - how about we do something after that ... next week ? 
man it is going to be so weird when don't ask don't tell is repealed and all the gays currently serving in the military get instant erections in the showers and barracks because they have been secretly lusting after everyone in their unit but can't control themselves without the threat of getting kicked out . 
intergalactic tutu day was pretty fun yesterday ! it is funny how varied the reactions people have to tutus especially when worn by men - happiness , excitement , confusion , thinly veiled disgust ... the power of tulle to change the world is amazing . 
from now until april 1 you can't park on the even side of the street in minneapolis - wow am i glad i don't live in the < PROPFIRST>'s area anymore , that would seriously suck every single time you came home ! 
This is a fun link ! But go back a bit and see what percentage you've ever heard of or really like . Cavalcade ? and then there's < PROPMALE > Gump there in the list , one of the most annoying movies I've seen ( take into account my penchant for bad movies including gems such as Abraxas : Guardian of the Universe and Megaforce ) 
There's so many people saying different facts are facts in the healthcare debate , so how do you know what's really what ? One from me : I've experienced the < PROPMALE > health care system , and it is awesome . Way better than anything I've experienced EVER in the US . If you have a hard time accepting the possibility that some other country is better at doing something than the US is doing it , you're a sucker . 
I'm looking for a new/used/refurbished cruiser style bike . Anybody got any shopping suggestions ? Last bike I had came from Target , but I'd rather support some commie hippy/hipster's bike collective thingie if it exists . However , from what I've seen in order to do this I have to spend between 500 and 300 million dollars , which I'm never going to do . My price range is 0-200 dollars . 
Hey people who got iPads , do they display Flash content ? 
' s music on shuffle keeps bringing up Busta Rhymes ' Pass The Courvoisier ' . I just found out < PROPMALE > also liked Courvoisier . Let's drink some ! 
gotta\ 
love the news stories that take that positive spin on things . \the \ 
The Minneapolis Fire Collective was accepted into the ' Great Circle ' to perform in the pre-burn entertainment at Burning Man . Now I get a discounted ticket ! And I'm fully committed to going to Burning Man . In 54 days . EEeek ! 
just found out i'm going to have to move probably soon . anybody need a roomate ? anybody want to get a place together ? 
looks like i have probably a few months to find a new place to live , so that's nice 
If you want to see the mfc performance at burning man we'll be between 3 and 6 . \ 
3:00 - 6:00 \ 
10 San < PROPMALE > Fire Conclave\ 
11 Fire Arts Collective\ 
12 Dreamtime\ 
13 Solar Flare\ 
14 Minneapolis Fire Collective\ 
15 Controlled Burn\ 
16 BeOnFire Tribe\ 
17 NXW\ 
Given the < PROPFIRST > we'll probably be at around 5 o'clock . 
If anyone has any leads on loft/warehouse style rentals that would have high ceilings , let me know . I'm potentially looking for something for three people ( 2 bedroom ) , and between us can spend up to 1800 so that's potentially a cool space if we can find one allowing a larger dog 
f'ing eh i'm on the lease , living downtown 1st ave and 3rd st it's the kind of place i always wanted to live ! now i have to move , and fast . eeeek ! 
new place ! \ 
http://minneapolis.craigslist.org/hnp/apa/1964242444.html 
Apparently the 50 cent tweet was taken out of context and he was actually talking about straight dudes who won't reciprocate oral sex with their lady friends . It is kind of annoying when news distorts things . Not that 50 Cent isn't homophobic but in that case it doesn't look like he was . 
An ethical thought here ... if you take pictures at burningman and try to sell them , that's pretty lame . The reason why is that all the people bringing that < PROPMALE > out and practicing to perform and making costumes , they did that all without profit . Snap a pic of all that hard work and you're entitled to what is probably going to be the only profit coming out of all that ? \ 
\ 
It's burningman goddammit leave all that aside .. 
I feel stupid . 
Learned some nice doubles tissue tonight , now for some horror 
blue collar republicans ... why ? 
sorry i didn't know that voting app was putting posts on my wall all over the place i thought it was more a private communication kinda thing . these facebook app makers need to work things out better . 
My friend < PROPFIRST > is looking for a roommate if anyone needs a place let me know and I'll get you in contact with him ! 
One thing that's bugging me lately is how the news has stories every day about wikileaks founder assange , but there's no stories on the actual information contained in wikileaks . I'd like to know what that information is and though I could dig through thousands of cables it would be nice for a journalist to do it for me 
Excellent advice I received last night : Your retirement plan should not include either winning the lottery or some sort of apocalypse happening . \ 
Damn I was kind of putting my money ( or complete lack of saving it rather ) down on some sort of apocalypse either taking me out or putting everyone else on common ground with me in the ' totally screwed ' category . 
aargh i don't like apps that automatically do updates , no i haven't been getting my daily tarot , i did it once and then it's all barfing up on my profile all the time . app removed . 
my business is moving to our new office today . weeeee ! 
heard a great story this weekend from this guy who was kissing his boyfriend on nye and someone calling them fags over and over until the guy got pissed and headbutted the homophobe and knocked him out . violence is never the answer , except when it is awesome . 
Man the Republicans have been in charge for a whole hour and there are no JOBS yet ! What is taking so long ? It is indisputable evidence of their total failure , right ? 
Doctor Who nerds I need your help ! I need to find episodes that show any sort of future Earth . It doesn't matter which Doctor it is , I'm looking for anything that shows a possible future Earth . Episode titles would be helpful . 
For non-Doctor Who nerds , are there any movies/shows that show future Earths ? Anything showing time travel technology in operation would be good too ( I'm already going to use shots of < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > traveling in their phone booth for example ) . The idea is to make a collage of those things for projection at the Space Lounge at the CONvergence sci-fi convention . 
Do we really have to have the whole stupid healthcare debate all over again ? \ 
I'm self-employed and self-insured , and I'm going to be so screwed as I get older unless I can get better coverage for my $ . I end up paying out of pocket anyway for everything anyway . That's not going to work when I need to get my hip replaced or whatever when I'm 60 . 
Does anyone who makes bread know why my bread never turns out super fluffy ? It tastes good , but it always seems to turn out denser than what I'm expecting , like I get this < PROPFEMALE > loaf that's flat . I'm sure I'm following the recipe right , but maybe I don't know how to knead properly or something . 
If anyone knows of a cheap place to get crash pads ( for rock climbing/aerial work ) , let me know . Or other ideas for foam/crash pad material . 
I would rather be exposed to the inconveniences attending too much < PROPFEMALE > than to those attending too small a degree of it . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
facebook virus links watch out ! 
Thanks to star5 for inviting me to pi day over in lowertown . We had pot pie , rhubarb/strawberry pie , pizza pie , and < PROPFEMALE > pie ! 
enter = post on fb comments ? :( 
Sometimes copy editors are worse than painters when it comes to mucking about with their work when it's nearing completion , or not being able to recognize when it's finished . It's finished already ! 
Todays ' Oh Snap!' quote goes to Goerge Takei for this twitter post :\ 
\Former SNL < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > thinks Glee is turning boys gay . I think < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > is more to blame for that . \"" 
from another fb comment thread ( not my post ): \ 
' Cthulu acolytes are the worst ! Every time you try to have a real conversation based on logic and facts they're all like , \Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn !!! \"'" 
