I can't wait til g-ma's house is done . 2 months of work . carpet and kitchen flooring going in next week . Maybe get a day off with the husband . go kayaks 

husband going to a fire for a few weeks ... what am I to do 
got my new computer and rollin well 
Can't wait to go to Mattole tomorrow . The beautiful river and just the peace and quiet 
finished my first week of school again and am feeling pretty good . 
My brother and his wife are having their 2nd baby tonight at 5 ! Can't wait 
I'm an auntie again to a beautiful little girl . can't wait to spoil her rotten . 
done with finals and school until < PROPFIRST > . 6 . Too bad I have to start school when I'm in Jamaica 
I just went online to my school to see my grades and I can't believe it . Straight A's and 100% on my final . that has never happened . I don't think I have been this happy in a long time . 
Can't wait til Mon . Going to < PROPMALE > to see Kents Grandkids and take them to Disney World , then off to Jamaica for a week of fun in the sun . 
today is 17 yrs I have lived here in humboldt co . for my gma . I love her so much . the time has come to move on finally . my friends here are funny though , lots of fireworks . gotta love the party they give me . 
my bday is 1-11-11 
oh my heck , it is only going to be 43 at Disney World today . What happened to nice < PROPFEMALE > hot FL ? 
What a beautiful day here in Jamaica . Can't wait til tomorrow . A little fun in the sun and a swim up pool bar . What is better in life ? YA-MON 
oh so toasty here in Jamaica . Toasty hot and toasty toast 
I just made the < PROPFIRST>'s list at school . Who would have thought . 
Entering a chili cook off today . Can't wait to kick the pants off everyone . This one is goood ! 
you know your dog is old when ... at 5am you try to feed your dog a t-bone in the dark and you have to force to her mouth to the bone . my poor little girl 
Just finished my finals and finished with Kaplan University . I'm so happy it is done . 
just got my grades . 97 % on my finals . You can't smack that smile off my face . 
taking my man to the Steelhead Lodge tonight . Fishbowl Margs , river with tons of fish and a hotel that allows dogs . I can't wait . been wanting to do this for 3 year with him . He is just too busy . 
going to be in Reno all next week . Anyone want to have fun there ? 
we had so much fun last weekend at the Steelhead lodge that we are going again . I'm so glad my husband liked it and now he knows what I was trying to tell him about . Good times to be had again . YIPPIE !!! 
going to buy some vaction property with a view of Big Lagoon and the ocean . I can't wait til it is all done and we can see the beautiful sunset every night we want . 
What happened to my spring vaction in Reno ? Snow and wind gusts up to 60mph . What the heck . 
http://www.classcreator.com/Camarillo-CA-Camarillo-adolfo-1990/class_index.cfm hey , you guys class of ' 90 , have you gone to the site ? July 9th this year . Lets have a good time . I would love to see all of you . Please sign up . 
got our vacation property today . Got accepted to the club and they actually added close to half the amount of the land to ours . Our little plot is much nicer now . I can't wait to start putting things up there . 
I just met some cool people on a 5 seater bike that are from KY and biking to Alaska . Husband , wife and 3 little girls . Check it out . Very cool . www.pedouin.org 
got beat up today . bought some property that needs help . got rid old redwood wood rotten flooring , a huge fence , bricks , rocks , blackberry bushes(huge ) and other sticky bushes . It was on a 1/4 acre and I don't know if I can move . I need a huge massage . Can I work tomorrow ? I don't know . 
why when you tell a credit card company to stop payment on a fraud charge , they treat you like you are stupid . you tell them to give you an new card and yet they forget to do that too . $4000 . later . who is at fault . 
huckleberry , blueberry & strawberry pie . all from our garden . Oh my ! 
I have to say good nite for the nite , it is my friday for 4 days . My 2 year anniv . with my husband starts tomorrow . I can't wait to spend some time with him and just relax . 
What a great day . Sitting on the klamath river with my hunny , drink in hand , cheese cake on the side and my dog . Does it get any better ? 
I'm a < PROPFEMALE > pie maker . Got 5-1 gallon bags of < PROPFEMALE > s from Kents uncle . I've been pitten , cooking down and baking all day . My fingers are stained . Who wants a pie ? 
OMG you guys . Who cares about the Lakers or Celtics . Does this really consume your lives ? I'm glad it doesn't to me . I'd rather play than to sit and watch , but then again , I have better things to do . 
I'm going crazy . Doing a fundraiser tomorrow for my friend who needs a kidney transplant . I hope I'm doing enough food and have everything ready for everyone . It's going to be a learning experience . 500 people or more . wish me good luck . 
It's my friday and I can't wait for the weekend at the lagoon . Bring on that chili contest . I got my secret recipe . 
Wonderful long weekend at the lagoon and won the chili contest too . Does it get any better ? 
Leaving tomorrow for my class reunion . Can't wait to see old friends , see my nephew and meet my niece . It's gonna be so much fun . 
Thanx for everyone this weekend . It was great to remember the old times and to create some new memories . What a great time . 
Bummer . I found 2 dead birds today in our koi pond . one baby bird this morning and one regular black bird this afternoon . How sad . I hope this doesn't mean anything bad . 
I'm so excited . My work days changed . I now work Mon-Thurs . WOW ! 3 days off in a row and on the weekends . Can't ask for anything better . Let the travel begin . 
Divorce . Can you ever see eye to eye and be nice . 
how come the people you love the most treats you so bad ? Is that really love ? Why can't we treat our loved ones with no pain . 
why cant some people just be happy and leave the happy people alone 
My husband is a lier and is crazy . I can't believe the lies he put on our divorce papers . What up with that ? I hope he gets meds 
I'm an idiot . Went to the gas station , pumped gas , went to get back in and the door is locked with my keys on the seat and my purse on the other . AAA ... I need you to unlock my car ... what is your # ... I don't know it is in the car . Then he couldn't get my last name right . one hour later . 
Made a bagel with cream cheese and a slice of turkey on it for breaky . My cat never eats human food . I went to get my laundry out came back to eat my bagel and my cat is on the table eating my bagel with cream cheese all over his face . Is someone guilty ? Wish I had a camera . 
I love the < PROPFEMALE > Yoshi yearly sale . I love it . I love it . got good x-mas present and some for myself . Yippie 
I love going to work and having some f *** break my car window and steal my computer . Geeze I wonder who it is . Wanted a new computer anyways . 
Last nite was fun . I have a hickey on my ass and I don't know how it got there . 
got crab fresh off the boat and making great crab balls of fire for Ernies App . contest . Can't wait . 
Chili contest at the Mckinleyville Moose today 5:30 . Come for some fun . 
TUR Duc Hen my house tomorrow . come join the fun . 
Dial a shot 
Turduchen enchiladas . Anyone up for some . 
nice fire , great ribs and food and a sweet man . what more do you want . nice weekend to everyone 
So excited . Got my X-mas cards done today for the ones I have an addresses for . some of you guys have moved recently or I never had it , Please send to me . 
so excited . got my credit score today . 894 . how better is that . might buy a car 
Home for the holidays . Cant wait to see my nephew and niece 
gotta love it when you pay $4.60 for a small bottle of water in the airport . What is up with that 
i hate SFO . Been in BURBANK since 6:30 am . Finally boarded then they took us off . Delayed at least 1 more hr 
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach . A human hair can hold 3kg . The length of a penis is 3 times the length of the thumb . The femur is as hard as concrete . A woman's heart beats faster then a man's . Women blink 2x as much as men . We use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand . A woman has read this entire text . The man is still looking at his thumb . Repost if this made you smile . 
Happy New Year to All . Hope this next year brings you all good times 
just took a walk while < PROPMALE > was cooking . Omg corned beef and cabbage with bacon drendged garlic onion brussel sprouts . It is amazing 
good food bubble bath champaign and a great fire . It cant get better . Love days off , oh and got yard done . Love < PROPFEMALE > days here in humboldt 
just made brussel sprout coleslaw crab cake . Omg . The best ever . I know it sounds funny but try it 
I'm happy again ... just got my computer back for the first time in 10 days . it was the worst ever !!!!! I couldn't FB . WTF . Love being back 
i just ate so much at Kyotos i think im prego with a sushi baby 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? ( Note : if you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along ! :) 
All you guys now have enough warning . April 17th . 2nd annual spam cook off in Fields Landing . Bring it on !!! 
My 15 yr old girly dog is so sick I don't know if she is going to come out of it . Another vet visit tomorrow . I'm so sad 
The Vets did a great job with my daughter . She ate food for the first time in 3 days , herded me to the fridg . wagged her tail and barked at me for not giving her more food . TREATS !!! I'm going to work to get her more . So happy . I was scared 
Do any of us really know everybody on our friends list ? Here is a task for you . I want all my fb friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . You will be amazed at the results you get in 12 hours 
Kentucky just passed the best law ever . To be on Food Stamps , Medicaid , or Cash Assistance for your children or yourself , you have to pass a DRUG test . Now every other state should do the same . If you agree re-post . We have to work and take a drug test . So its only fair .. 
I love being a bartender/waitress at the best steak place in Humboldt Co . at times . I had my plumber over for 2 days and he didn't charge me a dime . And it is not what some of you guys are thinking 
so I finally broke down and got myself roller skates today . So badly want to be a roller derby girl . with in the first 5 though I ate crap . Butt is broken but it is ok . I'm still up for more . 
I am the happiest girl in the world right now . Finally divorced and i do not have to deal with him anymore . Yippie ! 
so I go 300 yards from my house to the post office in my new roller skates with my boyfriend pulling me and 3 people stop to say how cool I am . what is up with that ? Did I look that bad . But I didn't fall this time . I'm so proud . he-he ! 
had the best time tonight on girls nite out . got a cab ride both ways , took a bunch a pic esp of Barbs sexy legs I have never seen . But what do I do .... erase all of the fun pics on my camera . Does anyone know how to get them back ? they were the best . please help 
I love good friends . Just 80% of my tool shed done today and it was freezing out . Love you guys ! Plus Nyman fixing my fence . Love you all 
Oh so happy today . Finally got my belongings from my husband and in 5 hours I will be legally divorced . Can I just wash that man right out of my hair . Lets sing it please 
Amazing . My cat can play so dead but once in 2 rooms away I open a can of cat food , he wakes up and comes running like he has not been feed in years ( he's almost 20 lbs ) . 
Tsunami life is fun .. can't go home until 7pm at least . Been gone since 4 am . got and dog and cat in the car . hotel room bring it on . I just want some sleep . Work go away , I need some ZZZZZ's 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > ( in honor of our military wherever they may be ) - let's see who gets it and follows the instructions :) 
I'm finally free . husband gone . court orders done . see you later my love . 
corned beef and cabbage , potatoes carrots like usual and one heck of a great fire with some good friends . Love it . Happy Pattys day to all of you . Be safe 
Got a great new to me insert stove installed today . My good friend < PROPMALE > found a stove and restored it for me . Now the house will be very warm . Thank you < PROPMALE > . 
so excited for my two good friends < PROPFEMALE > and Burly Man . After 11 years together , He finally asked the beautiful < PROPFEMALE > to marry her . Top hats and doilies for those of you who understand . Yippie ! 
I love my < PROPFEMALE > . Thanx for the great lunch and cocktail 
how much do you tip the lawn guy when your lawn is very wet and tall 
my mom just told me she is coming for a 10 day visit over cinco de mayo and mothers day . She has not seen what i have done to gmas house yet . Hope she likes . A little scared . Cant wait 
Got my new Android phone today . I know I'm going to love it once I figure it out . I didn't even know how to answer the phone today . Swipe . ok I get it . tomorrow will be fun finding all the new fun stuff . can't wait . 
