Happy New Year everyone ! 

finished stats 
t-3 days till vacation 
is finished with a four and a half year phase of her life come the end of july !!! 
gone camping ... back on wednesday ... 
is sad her vacation is over ... 
is done with sbux in 16 days ... 
congrats < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is procrastinating on reading tests and measurements .. can't imagine why ... its very interesting stuff :: cough cough :: 
sleep then tests and measurements ... fun stuff !! :: shudder :: 
is wondering why her neighbors think that everyone in the world has to hear their ' wonderful ' music 
i got my official internship assignment location ! i will be working with a pact team in Aberdeen for a year ... 
was somewhat , but not 100% disappointed by < PROPMALE > potter ... on the plus side i had a pretty good time on my field trip to the state psychiatric hospital 
3 more shifts at sbux !!! 
working ... 3 shifts left to go ... 
my last shift is today !!!! 
had a wonderful close , and an awesome time at applebees 
going down to ac 
can't wait until she's done with tests and measurements ... 
skills teaching presentations in independent living class ... we're all partnered to one other person , one person out of twenty decides to teach the independent living skill of making coffee ... guess who gets paired with them ... yep yours truly 
off to wildwood ... after one more final ... 
done done done .. for a week and a half anyway ... then off to school ... yeah I'm on the ten year plan lol 
smells likee disgusting swweat and is stupid ccause she let herr laptop out of her site 
is going to kill her little brother 
had fun at six flags ... I love roller coasters ! 
loves a good water balloon fight ! 
school is starting way too soon 
who knew band could be so exhausting ... 
l'shana < PROPFEMALE > 
gone camping 
camping was great ... I want to go back 
i miss summer ... 
one way to know it's gonna be a long day ... your car starts spewing flourescent green antifreeze all over the road and decides to pick up an awful \smoking\ " habit ... one way to forget about all of this ... pizza and gelato ( gelato is the \ " grown-up\ " form of ice cream ) " 
run , practice , study , class , sleep ... yay mid semester ! 
yeah yankees !!!!!!!! 
reading a journal artice ... again , while simultaneously wasting time on facebook 
they say goldfish have no memories , I guess their lives are much like mine , and the little plastic castle is a suprise every time ... Ani Difranco 
ok so who's up for sledding ? 
ok so who is up for some snowmen/women building ? seriously , I'm not kidding 
happy movie and chinese food day everyone 
Happy NYE ! 
It's a new year already . Will that mean I have to take another shower in 2011 also ? I just did that sometime in 2010 , I think it was in April . 
The world may end in 2012 but this show won't ... here's to 450 more amazing episodes of the Simpsons ! 
\I'm not a vegetarian because I love animals . I'm a vegetarian because I hate plants . \ " -A . < PROPFIRST > Brown " 
Taking me seriously is a big mistake ... I certainly woudln't ... Ani Difranco 
I think the discovery channel should be on a different channel every day ... 
\I never let my schooling intefere with my education \"- Mark Twain " 
Just enjoyed meatless meatballs and spaghetti ... ( it tastes the same ... if you close your eyes ) 
quote of the day : anyway we're gonna start with the basics ... playing a burning guitar with your teeth ... 
it's official , UMDNJ actually cancelled classes for tomorrow , seriously , I thought it would take a large natural disaster ( tsunami , volcano eruption , etc . ) but a serious snowstorm acutally did the trick , so who's up for building an igloo ? 
< PROPFIRST > : There's a message in my alphabits , it says ooooooooooo ! Lois : < PROPFIRST > , those are cheerios ... 
cops on bikes ... ' nuff said 
trampolines are fun ! 
thanks spring , its about time ! 
great times this weekend ... I am a huge fan of mexican restaurants with seitan ! 
today I found a kosher easter bunny .... what's ' the point ? 
As of next year , I will officially begin aging backwards ... I refuse to leave my twenties 
thanks to everyone for the well wishes on my bday ... remember next year will be the 2nd anniversary of my 29th bday ... 
is it over yet ? can i have my life back , pleasssse ..... lol 
I'm done , I'm done , I'm done , or not , I have a music theory , history , ear training and sight singing placement tests , along with piano placement tests , for a music minor , really ? for a music minor ? 
1 full week of freedom ! 
needs to learn to shower 
is gonna kill her little brother .... 
on second thought maybe taking 7 credits in 5 weeks was a bad idea ... 
just had the best philly cheesesteak ever and became vegan all in the same week ... ( not necessarily in that order ) 
is an idiot and let her brother on jer facebook , btw apparently \vienna mocha fudge\ " at friendlys \ " tastes like ice cream \"" 
smells like poop 
poop 
sleepy poop . night night 
is gonna kill her little brother ... arggg 
got a job ! 
correction : got a job that I DON'T have to wear a green apron for 
i am soooooo uglyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy 
it must be so painful for people to look at me , < PROPFEMALE > in there peeps 
and i smell too 
having fun with SPSS 
If we are facing in the right direction all we have to do is keep on walking . 
i am sooooooo ugly and smell A LOT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
please don't scream when you see my face I am soooooooooooooooo ugly but I will promise to take a bath since the month is almost over and I have saved sooooooooooooooo much money on not having to use any soap so far this November 
argggg ... i really gotta start locking this computer lol 
i'd be good with about 4 more house in the day + or minus 20 
Last day of the semester , I am officially a college graduate ! 
chinese food anyone ? 
With the grandparents in florida 
In florida with the grandparents 
Travel back from florida should be interesting ... 
Stuck in florida most flights were cancelled or full because of snow , hopefully the 5pm flight is good to go tomorrow 
