< PROPFEMALE > !!! 

What is this ? How do I work this ? 
21 friends , should totally invest in the game of blackjack 
Never mind , just busted 21 
Just got a new video game , < PROPMALE > Wake 
Does anyone know the next prophesized ' Armageddon ' after 2012 ? 
Wow , just looked for other people on Facebook with my name , found at least four other guys with exact same spelling . 
Finals Week Coming Up ...... BRING IT ON !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Now I just have 1/2 days left ... Boo Yeah !!! 
Sooooooooo , how's life everybody ? Anyone ? MAN I AM BORED !!! 
LOL Galactic Empire State of Mind is Funny ! 
School is like making a sword in a smithy , in elementary school they dust off the rock to get at the ore , in middle school they throw you into the furnace to melt you down , in high school they pound you out into a blade , after that you can go out and test it in the real world or ' fine tune ' it at college . 
What is on ABC News right now is DISGUSTING !! 
In the summer musical ! Also considering helping out with the Renaissance gig ... 
So far , I don't see a difference between the Language of English(US ) and English(UK ) 
West Side Story Summer Musical Performance is 7:30 @ Coronado High School Theatre on July 21 , 22 , 23 , and 24 ! 
West Side Story is going to be at Coronado High School July 21 through July 24 , at 7:30 . ENJOY ! 
I MADE THE PLAY AS OFFICER SCHRANK !!! 
Week One : OVER ! Week Two : BRING IT ON ! 
I am contemplating either playing a video game or rereading a book ... 
I am going to enjoy these next few days . Also does anyone know the next Eragon book title , or even the approximated release date for that matter ? 
Man , I am LOVING this play ! NOBODY forget to come to the performance ! 
No idea who is still in the game , so I am going to take a huge guess and say GO ENGLAND ! 
Just a reminder to everybody who forgot , West Side Story performs July 21-24 at 7:30 p.m. in the Coronado High School < PROPMALE > Capwhaw Theatre . 
Whew , just updated the myPersonality gig , think that I am getting better . 
Since everyone is doing this , why don't I ? If you like this status , I will post something that I like about you . I am doing this right , right ? 
I have just seen 5 seasons of LOST in 10 minutes , and it all makes sense , I think ... 
Describe me in one word . Try it yourself if you have the time ! 
Got a new Cell ! WOO HOO ! 
So where is the Cast Party going to be at ? 
If I were a < PROPMALE > man ... 
A knight is sworn to valor , his heart knows only virtue . His blade defends the helpless , his might upholds the weak . His word speaks only truth , his wrath undoes the wicked . 
< PROPFEMALE > cav < PROPMALE > iere è giurato < PROPMALE > coraggio , il suo cuore sa solo la virtù . La sua lama difende l'indifeso , la sua potenza sostiene il debole . La sua parola parla solo la verità , la sua collera disfa il m < PROPMALE > vagio . 
I just saw someone today that looked just like Mrs. Greenberg at ASU ! 
You know that you are a nerd/geek if ... 
WOO HOO ! Made it into the musical for < PROPFIRST > State University ! 
I'll be home for Christmas ..... Because I beat my parents to my house . 
For some bizzare reason , I keep coming up with book ideas ... 
Happy Newton-mas Everybody ! 
Okay , about that get together thing , I was there , but was apparently the only one ... 
Beat Assassin's Creed : Brotherhood , bought all shops and stalls , found all feathers ( again ) , beat story mode , WHEN DOES THE NEXT ONE COME OUT !? 
Just a reminder to everyone , Best Little Whorehouse in Texas is coming up and it is going to be AWESOME ! 
Has anyone noticed that in the entire < PROPFEMALE > Wars series , anyone with a bit of common sense can beat any situation ? Still love < PROPFEMALE > Wars though ! 
