HAPPY FRICKIN ' BIRTHDAY TO ME ! DAYUM I'M OLD ! 

Thanks to everyone for the fantastic birthday wishes . 
Heading to the high desert in the morning to help out dear old Dad rent his house . One thing I LOVE LOVE LOVE about So Cal is that you are never more than 2 hours away from some wonder of Mother Nature or society , be it the Pacific Ocean , Majestic Mounta 
Happy Father's Day to all my friends , family , extended family , and more ! 
Background & reference checks began today . Final interview confirmed for Friday morning . I'm a < PROPMALE > bit nervous . It's with the VP of Media Marketing who graduated from Harvard and has an MBA from < PROPMALE > . Oh , I'm also told she is all biz and not the chit- 
Durmiendo . ( Sleeping ) 
Final interview under my belt . Now , I wait . VERY VERY tired . I was so keyed up about the interview I only got 2 hours sleep last night . Have been dozing on the sofa for the past two hours . Time to drag myself off the sofa and hit the sack . 
Feeling under the weather today . Staying in bed for now . MUST . GET . BETTER ... MUST . BE . WELL . FOR . CONCERT . TOMORROW . NIGHT ... MUST . SEE . MY . HYPNOGAJA ! 
Made it to the Hypnogaja Concert ! Spectacular . Simply Spectacular . LOVE THESE GUYS . ABSOLUTELY LOVE THEM . < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > both recognized me and waved Hi . Thanks to < PROPFIRST > for the kiss he blew from stage to me and roomie . Afterward , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > both gav 
Got the call from the recruiter . They are awaiting approval on my offer and will call me tomorrow to go over it ! Whoo Hooo ! Will know more later . Stay tuned ! 
Offer came . MORE THAN EXPECTED ! Of Course I Accepted ! I start July 13 . YAY I'm Employed again ! Whoo Hoo ! 
Still fighting a respiratory infection . Damn I hate being sick ! Have to go to church at some point today to give thanks for my new job ! Maybe I'll feel better by the evening service . 
My friend left yesterday morning after a week-long visit . Even though I talk with him every night , I'll still miss him hanging around the apartment , cracking me up . I think I'm gonna have to schedule a trip up to Oregon to visit him some upcoming weekend . 
Eat you heart out all you iPhone users . I ordered my T-Mobile MyTouch 3G Google phone last night ! 
Has relapsed with that nasty respiratory infection I had two weeks ago . DAMN I hate being sick . Been in bed all frickin ' day with chills and fever over 100 degrees . UGGGHHHH . 
Still feeling a < PROPMALE > icky , but must be well enough by tomorrow since it is the first day of my new job . I'm hitting the sack early ( for me ) . Ciao ! 
Made it through my first day at the new job . I'm both glad to be working again and excited about working with a top notch team ! Hitting the sack now , all smiles and with loads of warm fuzzies ! Oh , wait , that may be my cat , Lukas , ... < pauses for inspectio 
Off to Bakersfield to see my God Baby ! 
Got my Julia-Joy fix in this weekend as I loved on my sweet God Baby . She turned 6 months Saturday and is growing like a weed . We played battle of wills as Auntie < PROPFEMALE > tried to shovel pear , strawberry and granola baby food into her tightly-clamped yet s 
Is blissfully happy to be working again in this economy . My new MacBook Pro laptop -- sleek , lightweight and VERY SEXY -- arrived today at the office . They should have it set up and running for me by start of work day tomorrow . YAYYYYYY ! 
Techs set everything up on this SOOOO Sexy MacBook Pro laptop . Been tweaking it to my liking all day long . Thought I'd bring it home to show off to the roomie and to play . I was SOOOO looking forward to spending some quality romantic time with me and that 
It's the weekend , and I have the entire place to myself . What kind of mischief should I get myself into ? 
Had a SPECTACULAR weekend . I'm floating . I mounted a few electronics to the wall all by my self ( new big screen tv & boxes ) , had a belated birthday dinner & movie with an old friend ( Italian & Tiramisu - YUM and saw < PROPMALE > Potter & The Half Blood < PROPMALE > ) , 
FREAKY . A freaky thing happened tonight . All is well now , but I literally felt a \Pop\ " go off in my head . No pain . No headache . But it was followed by a bit of dizziness . It soon cleared up . BP and sugar levels were all normal . The sensation is hard to de " 
New boss liked my plan for my team and is sending ús today to one of our campuses for an up close and personal tour . Yay ! I have a good job ! Also its going to be a musical weekend : Friday , my fav band , HYPNOGAJA at the Viper Room ! Then , Sunday , listening 
Hypnogaja @ the Viper Room in West Hollywood - SPECTACULAR !!! Brought 3 first timers who LOVED THEM . Introduced them to the band members after , then hit a cantina for few rounds , great salsa music & dancing . Apparently my cleavage was quite the hit with t 
Finally mounted my big screen HDTV & cable box to the wall . Now , guests can comfortably sit to watch TV . 
Just got home from the Judas Priest and White Snake in concert at The City Walk . They both put on a great show . 
New Android Phone just arrived . Still playing around with the settings and Apps . I'll forward a review later . 
Busy but productive week . Finally feel like I'm - uh ... sort of ... - starting to grasp this job and position . Don't get me wrong , I'm loving it , but it's definitely on a much grander scale than I've been used to working previously . 
Monday , all day training seminar . Tuesday , meetings from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. - LITERALLY . Thursday , filming a YouTube video on location at our Reseda Campus today . When am I gonna actually find time to do any work ? 
I'm so far behind this week , ____________ is beginning to pass me up ! ( Feel free to fill in the blank for me . ) ;-) 
Hurricane < PROPFEMALE > hit my bedroom over a month ago . Finally , disaster relief has arrived to help with the clean up . Gawd I hate Laundry Day ! 
Sorry haven't posted in a while . Work's been keeping me busy . That's a blessed thing though right ? 
Quick survey for my so cal pals ... what is the typical speed you usually maintain on the 405 freeway long after rush hour ... i.e. no traffic about 10 p.m. on a Friday night and you are completely sober ? ( I have to qualify the sobriety factor for my alchy friends out there . ;) ) 
Okay , so no disrespect to my LA pals who felt the lure of Tsunami watching on our coastlines , but WHAT THE HELL WERE YOU THINKING ?! It's enough that I live about 3 < PROPMALE > from the ocean , and some of my pals even closer , but Geez , think much ? Just grateful the whole event was a wash -- sligt pun intended . 
The trick to successful fashion : Wear clothes just fitted enough to show off your sexy curves , but not so fitted that it shows your bulges . 
One thing I've learned about Africans , they are NOT modest . The husband of a visiting African couple disrobed into his boxers in the living room in front of two women he hardly knows and didn't even question that it might not be appropriate . Don't get me wrong , they are quite a lovely couple , but this is definitely one of those culture clashes . 
Semi-annual presentation today with my Boss ' Boss ' Boss ' Boss . Can you say N-N-N-N-NERVOUS-S-S-S-S ! Rehearsing yet again . Gotta get it right ! 
What will you be for Halloween ? Me , not sure , but likely a Vampiress . 
My Vampiress costume won me airline tickets from my company today . Not yet sure what the parameters are , but you better believe I'm gonna use those ! 
What's your proficiency with chopsticks ? Rate ( 0-10 ) & describe your skill level . Me : About a 7ish . My food at least makes it from my plate to my mouth now without < PROPMALE > spillage . Living in Los < PROPFEMALE > helped me to build that particular skill since my days of forking it in Louisiana . LOL 
Lukas ( cat ) did his wake up dance for me at 6 a.m. ( pacific ) . Been up since . I'm going to regret getting up this early , aren't I ? Time for a Starbucks Run . 
In Simi Valley for three days at the < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > SEO Tool Set Training . I know a lot of what he is teaching , but it's a nice refresher and he's handed out a new nuggets of knowledge . Looking forward to what days 2 & 3 have to offer . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Day Two : I'm spinning from all the data downloaded into my head about SEO best practices and new developments . Can't wait to put them into practice . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Day Three : The man's brilliant , but today's brain dump was a < PROPMALE > overwhelming and would probably make more sense to coders . I'm not completely alien to looking at snippets of code , but this was a bit over my head . In all , well worth the experience . I've already got a to do list a mile long of things I learned that I want to implement ! 
A dear friend and former journalism colleague lost the battle against leukemia a few of hours ago . I'd barely learned he was ill before I received the news he was gone . The man I knew was incredibly vibrant , and so passionate in all he did and how he lived - very much alive . It's hard to conceive that he's gone . A piece of my heart goes with him . My prayers go out to his family . < PROPMALE > San < PROPMALE > , you will be missed . 
Stayed pretty busy during the holiday season , but hope most of you peeps had a good one . Me , I'm looking to get back on track this New Year -- domestically , loyally , fiscally , physically , professionally , adventurously , creatively , romantically , licentiously and passionately . 
Black 
Been sick since my God Daughter's first birthday party last Saturday . Still under the weather , and really don't want to go to work tomorrow , but can't get any more behind than I already am . Besides , I've got dreams , and a paycheck is one way to help fulfill them . 
<== is happy my home state team ( SAINTS ) won the Super Bowl - GREAT GAME . I was hoping MISS LOUISIANA would also win the MISS < PROPFEMALE > PAGEANT ( weekend prior ) , but she at least placed in the TOP FIVE ( 3rd runnerup ) . I think this year's MARDI GRAS will be an immense celebration and hopefully a boon to not only downtrodden spirits , but the economy as well . GEAUX SAINTS ! 
Discovered the hard way that the hot water was out this morning . Broke record speeds finishing my morning grooming ritual , but took another 20 minutes under the covers with central heat on full blast to recover . BRRRRRRR ..... 
Just got out of the hospital after 5 days , 5 MRI's , one brain scan , one cardio echogram thingy , one doppler ultrasound groin scan and more picks , pokes , prods and tests to last a life time . Glad to be home . I go back to work ( gently ) March 1st . 
Several have asked why I was in the hospital . Saturday on Feb . 13 I had a massive headache . It abated slightly but the night ended with me in a stroke , something incredibly rare for someone as young as I , and as a result the docs all rallied to find why . Once they administered a miracle drug and began grueling tests , it turns out , I had a small slight hole in my heart , something since birth . But I'm truly blessed . 
Man , this blood thinner medicine is making me feel FANTASTIC ! and NO , i'm not kidding . I can't remember the last time I felt this good . Tons ' O energy , sharper mind , no longer winded at the slight amount of effort . I should have had a stroke years ago ... wait , I did ! they just didn't catch this problem back then ! LOL Seriously , I don't even feel like the same old tired , crappy pre-hospitlization self . 
Doc ordered increase of blood thinner to reach the appropriate INR levels . I was 1.2 , now am at 1.4 . There is some confusion by my doc as to whether my INR level should be between 2.0 to 3.0 rather than 1.7 as the ER docs recommended . I'm pretty close to reaching the latter 1.7 level , but much further away from the former . Either way , each increase ( so far ) is an improvement in vitality and overall energy levels . 
Trying to think of something clever to say . Anyone have any ideas ? LOL 
UPDATE : Had followup with hematologist today . First , as expected , he upped my dosage , something I was already advocating because it makes me feel so much better . Secondly , he STRONGLY recommended I see a cardiologist and have the hole in my heart repaired . He feels this has been causing problems for a very long time ( since my 20s ) and should be resolved soon . Luckily , it's minorly invasive and a quick recovery . 
Cardiologist called to schedule an appointment . I'm so excited , I almost can't wait the three weeks for the consultation . They likely will have me do two procedures both to look at the heart , and PLEASE don't ask me to say them ; the receptionist said them too fast . I'll find out later and update you guys . Tick Tock ... it's starting to come together . 
Can't wait until I meet the cardiologist on Tuesday . I'll have a long list for him , but most of all , can they really fix my congenital heart defect ( hole) ? I'm so excited . Also , my INR finally reached the right levels ! FLYING HIGH NOW ! 
Fishing on a chartered boat out of New Port Beach Harbor with colleagues and a few Google reps . 
Happy Birthday today , Lil ' April . 
Going to the Rennaisance Fair this Saturday . Attempting to go in costume , but not sure of the weather or if it will be the right costume for a true Ren Fair experience . 
Looks like my heart surgery is slated for Friday , May 28 , less than three weeks . It's day surgery , and I'll rest at home for the long weekend . But I should be back at work by Tuesday . I'm both nervous and excited to move into a new chapter of my life . Repairing the hole ( PFO ) means significant improvements in my life going forward . 
Not much to report . Been busy at work , and trying to get ready for the surgery on the home front . 
LEADS , LEADS , LEADS . It's the stuff of business , the livelihood of mine , and the pressures to perform . But , I plan on kicking A ** and Takin ' Names ! 
Who would have thought someone like < PROPFIRST > Michaels would turn out to have the same condition as mine . http://abcnews.go.com/m/screen?id=10714301 
With infinite grace and lithe masculine elegance , I had the fortune today to share an elevator with the < PROPFIRST > Poitier . What an icon ! I've been giddy all day . 
Thanks to all of you for the birthday wishes . If you can believe it , I'm 29 today as of 9:16 a.m. ( Okay , I'm really 42 , but everyone ( Dad ) tells me I look fabulous ! 
My poor kitteh , he's now Toothless Lukas . 
I was a good girl and actually worked out this morning , but then I had a belated birthday luncheon with colleages - Maggiano's delectable Italian fare complete with a birthday candle in my Tiramisu . Woe is me ! I can see this road to recovery is going to be much more challenging than originally thought ! LOL 
Committed to three excercise sessions a week . So far , so good . 
GOT TICKETS FOR THE WEDNESDAY MIDNIGHT SHOW OF \THE LAST AIRBENDER\ " ... I can't wait ! Roomie and I are seeing it Wednesday night and again Friday with my colleagues . We are both huge fans of the anime ' series on Nickolodeon . " 
Lukas the Cat is in < PROPFEMALE > Hospital . Vet has him on IV fluids , antibiotics , steroids and has run some tests . He should be okay , but this could be tied to some chronic conditions he's had since kittenhood . 
I'm completely behind in updating my FB < PROPFEMALE > . Call me incredibly busy these days ! Only real update : Toothless Pukas Lukas the Cat is sick again . Poor baby can't keep food down . I've resorted to pulverizing his wet food with equal parts of warm water . At least in liquid form he's getting some sustenance , and hydration . Also taking more antibiotics too . Feel better , my < PROPFEMALE > baby . < KISS > 
Awesome Hypnogaja concert tonight . As always , thanks for stirring my soul guys . Hugs from < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > to boot . 
Offering up my single ( biological ) mother for adoption or marriage . PLUSES : She is beautiful for her 62 years ; is VERY FRUGAL ; is intelligent ; and can be quite the conversationalist . ( I'm hoping that's enough for most eligible bachelors . ) 
One of the cats , either Toothless Lukas or Nikolai , the Burbler , brought home a nice gutted mouse to us in the middle of the night . You would think it wouldn't be the toothless cat , but he still has his top and bottom fangs , and he's the < PROPMALE > . Niko is a pussy ... literally and figuratively . LOL Course , what Niko does after we're asleep ... Well , it could be him and he just has us really fooled . 
Looks like I'll be losing a roommie come Mid May . Unless ..... < PROPFIRST > ????? :-D 
Ever sit in a regulatory disclosures meeting ? I think my head will explode . God love the feds for coming up with the most-complicated , least-informed , and completely unrealistic list of requirements . :-D 
So apparently my mother shows her landlady a pic of me and < PROPFIRST > ( my boyfriend ) that we took at the Holiday party in Dec . 2010 . The Landlady immediately decides I'd be perfect for her Peruvian nephew . My mother CLAIMS she informed her Landlady that I'm happily dating < PROPFIRST > , but the Landlady , her sister , and her niece all decided her nephew ( apparently a lawyer in Lima , Peru ) is much better for me . 
I'm on baby watch for my good friend , < PROPFEMALE > . She's presently in labor right now . I'M GOING TO BE AN HONORARY AUNT AGAIN !!! 
