I like my Kindle . 

< PROPFEMALE > is desperate for me to stalk her . I can tell . 
Wherever your ass is , there's my foot . 
I own < PROPMALE > . 
Today I was diagnosed with swine flu . I also got a hefty scholarship . I think it evens out . 
I have to say that swine flu has given me some rather remarkable fever dreams . It's really too bad I can't remember any of them . 
I want November to get here . I want it more than Christmas . 
I should really be in bed . 
My sleep schedule is a bit messed up . 
I want Chipolte . 
is powered by Chipotle . 
I just cracked a coke can with one hand . Who's the man ? 
I wonder what the odds are of a fully cooked and cracked lobster falling through the ceiling and onto my lap are . 
I find myself wondering how I go to be the kind of person who goes around with a spoon in their pocket . 
I'm excited to go to the NaNoWriMo write-in ! November is awesome . 
First of all , Beavers are awesome . Secondly , I love NaNoWriMo ; thirdly November first is the best day to have a birthday . 
And in summation I am happy . 
is over the hill . 
Twelve thousand words and it's only the beginning of day three . I'm feeling good about this . 
How am I on < PROPFEMALE > thirty-five already ? 
Weezer's new album is good . Chewy Gobstoppers good . 
30,000 words and I've only killed off two nameless characters . I need to fix that . 
I can smell victory . 
I just won NaNoWriMo . I shouldn't have to wear pants . 
... and so mass distraction came to pass . 
My essay is done . It is a brilliant piece of nonfiction , if I do say so myself . Now to sleep . 
I'm a Supernatural fangirl . And I'm drinking Amp . Watch out world . 
I'm playing MW2 to the tune of \Sweet Caroline . \ " I'm so tough . " 
Woodstock's pizza is the best way to celebrate an OSU victory . 
I woke up before noon today . Of my own volition , too . 
I'm thinking about letting my hair grow out ... 
See < PROPMALE > ? Even < PROPMALE > wants me to win . 
I am a bit giggly . It will pass ... 
Cranky again . At least that's in character for me . 
Not hungover ! Huzzah ! 
Sad ... 
This weekend has been a bit of a blur ... I don't want Monday . 
This must be what going mad feels like . 
I just found a tick crawling on my pant leg ... Now I feel them everywhere . 
One sure sign that you're distracted : forgetting to get excited over an A when you expected to fail . 
Those 300 < PROPMALE > really dragged on , but I'm home safe ! 
Coffee !!!! 
What's for breakfast ? Blueberries , turkey and fudge ! On another note , I miss my texting buddies . 
Okay , I think it's safe to say that < PROPMALE > owns my wall ... 
My homework is going swimmingly . This concerns me slightly ... but I shan't complain . 
I've got a dog on my lap and coffee in my cup . It's good to be back in < PROPFEMALE > . 
I'm so very excited for the weekend ! 
I have been tattooed ! I'm a badass . 
Watching Pushing Daisies makes me want pie ... very badly . 
I'm drinking coffee and rooting for the Saints ! 
I'm quite certain that nacho cheese sunflower seeds are a gift from God . 
New shoes , covered in sequins ! What more could a girl want ? 
Oh Supernatural , you know just how to make me happy . 
Alchemy is a beautiful thing . Coincidentally , paper towels are not the best choice when attempting to clean up caramel . 
Mine is an evil laugh . 
Bubble wrap . It's the cure-all . 
I'm becoming a crazy tree lady ... 
Miracle Whip is a godsend . I'm tellin ' ya . 
I really need a new computer . iMac here I come ? I wish . 
Please , God , don't let the Impala die ! 
I want you to plug in the microwave . Yes , I know that there's a microwave in the other room and I still want you to plug this one in . Why is this so hard ? 
I'm transferring to Southern ! I'm doing theatric jazz hands right now , if you couldn't tell . 
Will I never be rid of these flip flop tan lines ? 
My phone died . Anyone who wants me to have their number should give it to me now so I can program it into the new one . Thanks . 
O , mystery of life , I have found you ! 
I think apathy is in the water . 
Everything looks better on a 27 inch iMac . 
I have to say that Pirate Radio is an excellent movie . 
Digitizing my dad's recipe book is considerably more problematic than expected . I should have anticipated the lack of coherence and the terrible handwriting ... 
Mmmm pickles . 
This death rattle brought to you by : Rock Band ! 
I just made cookies with my mom ; it's been a good day ! 
I need more True Blood . Right now . 
Not my pants , not my problem . 
I have one thing to say and that is : Gaga . 
Have you got your flu shot yet ? 
Kitties ! We have two . 
Apollo does not like his medicine , the poor < PROPFEMALE > . 
Cheddar ! 
Thank you everyone ! My day has been great so far , and it's only going to get better . 
Ten thousand words already . Not bad . 
Poor Apollo < PROPFEMALE > . Accidents seem to find him . 
Oh . There was a fork in there . 
Verdict : good . I'll come up with a better adjective later . 
Nano , you were tricky this year ; I was trickier . 
7:30 final . The world is such a beautiful place . 
SIxteen hours of sleep and feelin ' good . 
I like how rounding up the cats is a sting operation . 
Watching the Knife Show after midnight is a thing of beauty . Redneck , dangerous , drunken beauty . 
Rolled out of bed at one with a nearly perfect faux hawk . It's gonna be that sort of a day . 
Red wine and a Drumstick : the most excellent late-night snack . 
Party for the Pack ! 
Who doesn't have tortilla chips ? This chick . 
I need moussaka and vodka . 
Artemis is currently the avatar of basement cat . 
Oh , ChaCha users . You think you're clever . 
I have a burrito problem . 
It's not fat , it's power ! 
