: settles happily in doomchair : Funny how I can have such distaste for a place , yet it's home and I'm relieved to be here . 

School starts in the middle of the week . What the hell ? 
Huh . Prototype is crazy . 
Hehe , casting when blinded and STILL hitting ? Man , my wizard kicks ass . 
Hm . Paper due in the eLearning dropbox by 5 on this day , Friday , the 26th of June and I haven't even started outlining . Oh , the cleverness of me . 
Ugh . Finished it , but barely . I reached five full pages when the minimum was six and turned it in five minutes late on top of that . The writing is probably the shoddiest work I've done barring that Chaucer paper I wrote last semester . I really need not cu 
MOMMY AND DADDY ARE BACK . I have missed them so . 
Piano covers of my favourite songs make me happy . 
... Someone please explain to me how I got a higher grade on my bullshit final essay than I did on my significantly better midterm essay ? I don't understand . THIS IS PROOF THAT I SHOULDN'T PUT THOUGHT INTO MY WORK . 
So , saw two movies for the first time last nigh : Mamma Mia ! and Howl's Moving Castle . Mamma Mia ... Just , if you haven't seen this movie , save yourself an hour+ and pretend it never came to screen . Howl's Moving Castle , on the other hand , was was beautiful 
Remember that Top 5 list I did for fears/paranoia ? I'd like to add parasites to that list , plzkthx -_- WHY AM I WATCHING THIS ?! : assumes a foetal position : 
ARG . 
is bad company ... till the day she dies . 
Zeese cysts are driving me CRAZY . 
Omg , I'm drawing . Action Darchala . 
\Experiments are now under way to grow a new strand of bacterium that feeds only on dead flesh . \ " -The Zombie Survival Guide " 
<3 Got back from the < PROPMALE > Potter midnight premiere a bit ago . So much love . 
Man , I want to see < PROPMALE > Potter again . This film's just too much fun . ALSO , Coraline's out on Tuesday ! 
Really tired , a bit behind on here , and not really noticing the world around me at the moment . Damn , I still have to drive home . 
-_- 
I hate this heavy feeling . Why do I get so paranoid ? 
Which is the more unbearable of the two , MTV or VH1 ? Discuss . 
Ever feel like you're just surrounded by poison ? It's heavy . 
Hey guys , I probably won't take part in a lot of the event and app invites I get . I'm not on Facebook often , and I've not been feeling it here lately . It'll probably pass . 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRR . 
MY CAR . OH GOD , MY CAR . Okay , so I don't know what's wrong with it , but still . I LIKE my Tracker . 
Well , that made me feel loads better , weirdly enough : Finally saw the Venture Bros . season four trailer <3 . So wonderful and HOMG NOVEMBER NEEDS TO GET HERE ASAP . 
I've been swinging horribly between mega outraged over nothing one minute , then feeling incredibly happy for no reason . 
Coffee is evil . My head hurts in longing for a cup . 
Sooooo , I'm thinking I'm gonna make a steampunk engineer costume for Halloween . Yeah . I've got an old pair of overalls I'm just itching to modify . 
Anyone up for a thrift store/secondhand store visit with me this Saturday ? I'm needing some old clocks , watches , and cameras for their gears and lenses ( wow , I hate that form ) . A good pair of non-denim overalls would be a nice find , too , but I'm not hoping for miracles on my first look . 
Also , what sort of costumes do you guys have in mind for your own excursions ? 
Ew , you people and your Starbucks . 
Oooooh , I'm excited for Friday : 9 and Inglourious Basterds we shall be viewing . Saturday's flea market day with part of the Comm Cot ; come join us if you wish to join my hunt for junk ! 
Oooooo , this English ( Pirate ) language setting is just about the greatest thing ever <3 . 
This is < PROPFEMALE > Darling , twelve years old and a Lost Boy . Neverland has been her home for untold years now , but she doesn't know it is ; < PROPFEMALE > knows nothing anymore . This is < PROPFEMALE > Darling , a girl who will remain forever a girl , a girl with eyes as lifeless as the Boys ' . The Neverland spell is strong . 
Why am I still awake ? Blarg . 
Um ... Where'd all the news feeds go ? Anyone having the same problem ? 
HOLY CRAP . This chai latte is amazing . 
St. < PROPFEMALE > of Lima's annual fall festival begins Friday evening ! Come out to < PROPMALE > to enjoy an international variety of food ! 
Feeling a bit reckless right now ; today's been an exhilerating ride . Who knows what confessions I may make . 
\The < PROPMALE > Bear Picnic\ " has been on near-loop in my head for the past week . " 
So , lately I've been craving some 3.5 D&D . 
Hooooly crap , I want to see Where the Wild Things Are . 
WHY ISN'T ELEVEN O'CLOCK HERE YET ? 
That was a damn good premiere ; Doc and < PROPMALE > know how to kick off a season . 
Not a good week , I think ; everyone around me seems to be in varying states of mad moods . Hard to keep one's self afloat around so much gloom and apathy . 
Shit . Losing my voice ; I think a sinus infection may be trying to move in . 
Soooo , anyone else suddenly seeing everyone's friending activity in their newsfeed ? Because suddenly I'm swamped with these updates and am facebook-stupid , so I don't know how to get rid of them . 
Oh ! Oh freaking yes , status updates only . Found it . I'm so Facebook-retarded it's not even funny . 
Another day , another children's show theme song in my head . You'd think that would make me hate the daycare , but you'd be wrong . God , I love my job . 
Well , since some of us are busy during the daylight , I had no opportunity to beat my fellow anglophiles to the 5th of November punch . Ah well . 
Totally want to see Men Who Stare at Goats . 
Holy freakin crap , I really love my department . The English instructors sere seriously kick too much ass . 
God , I hate slow days so much . 
Fuck all this . 
So my yoga instructor really seems to think I should try pursuing yoga instruction of some sort as a hobby . I'm inclined to say that the idea really appeals to me . 
Okay guys , after thinking on it a bit , I've decided that next semester ( spring ) , I'll take Yoga III and then take the certification exam for beginner and intermediate level hatha yoga so I'll have a < PROPMALE > to look for a yoga instruction job in Michigan when I go for grad school . I'm pretty damn excited , I must say . 
Soooooo , I have a challenge for you guys . Make a list of 1,000 things that make you happy , so if you find yourself in a rut and having a horrid day , you can look at the list and see that there will always be things that make you happy , even if everything's shitty at the moment . It's fun ; I'm on item 225 after starting at 1 this afternoon . 
Today feels like a Friday . Screw days off . 
So I think I know why I'm getting more impatient about moving . It's weird , really . I don't want to leave out of dislike for anyone here , but rather because I care too much , and it's getting to the point where it just hurts . So I'd like to leave this problem ; maybe a little distance will do me some good . 
XD Oh god , Empire Strikes Back in HD looks * hilariously * low-budget . It looks pretty awful . This makes my day ! 
Headache bulding . 
So my mom has Dragostea Din Tei as her cell phone's ringtone . I shouldn't be as amused by this as I am . 
: flails : Argh ! Insurance accident reports suck . 
FUCK . My car's been declared totalled . This is balls . 
One more week and I'm northbound for the holidays . 
And I can remember them , be it night or day , like lovers left holding on . 
We can make our lives sublime . 
T MINUS SIX HOURS TO LAUNCH . : rockfist : 
Think I'm opening a can of worms by making myself available to chat on MSN and Facebook , buuuuuuuut ... 
Man , I wish I didn't despise so many Christmas songs and movies . I'd like to enjoy them with my family , you know ? But I just can't stand the bulk of them . 
I keep hearing Leela's voice , so I get excited and look over at the TV ... But it's not Futurama , just Married with Children :( 
Okay , why does it seem like the world decides to go to shit WHILE I'm out of town AND sleeping ? Jesus Christ , Pcola , chill out for a bit . Also , snow's back : B . 
Well , nice to know that envdeavour was a complete bust . Glad to know I'm right ; hell of a time to learn it . 
I mean , ARG . I'm still pissed off about it . You can't go getting mad at someone about not trusting you after only knowing them VAGUELY for about two months and then go poking through their personal shit and act like that party is in the wrong . That just doesn't fly . 
Well . That's not annoying at all . 
How is it possible to check a schedule multiple times and misread it EVERY time ? I'm seriously beginning to question my sense of perception and it worries me . This isn't the first time something like this has happened . 
You know what I hate ? I hate being so grumpy and negative about little things . I mean , it doesn't immediately bother me , but I feel bad knowing that I ruin something for others just by constantly berating people on a reality show or shit movies in commercials . I'm totally cool with hating all that , but I wish I could enjoy it for the sake of the people who love that stuff . 
This is unprecedented ... I got a parking spot without trouble on the first day of class , in the afternoon , AND there were plenty of spots to spare . I fear the world as I know it is ending . Actually , screw fear ; I can live with this . 
It's cold in every building on campus . COLD , I SAY . 
I only wished to become something beautiful , through my music , through my silent devotion . 
Sorry I'm a spineless rat , you guys . 
So , anyone have any piano solo pieces or covers ? I like adding piano stuff to my YouTube piano playlist . 
Funny how easy it is to toss out a name that's such a lie . Maybe sometimes I believe it ? 
HOLY CRAP , I HATE DRAWING GUYS . WHERE ARE THE CURVES ? 
Oh no ! The social network is expanding ; I'm scared ! 
I feel icky :( Someone come over and play piano for me . 
Serious apologies to those of you who texted me yesterday . My phone cut off service without my reslising it , and going by the ealiest message I got this morning , it was out since 3 in the afternoon yesterday ! What the hell ?! 
Holy nuts , I can't stop scrolling through these urban exploration photography collections has me itching to see some ruin . What is my fixation with urban decay ? 
Have I mention I love Dr. < PROPMALE>'s classes ? Because I really , really do . Holy crap . 
Also , my goal for this semester is to read early popular British fiction on boys ' schools because the concept greatly amuses me . 
Running a D&D session is a weird experience . 
Hey , you guys know anything about Google Wave ? 
Oh that I will welcome the weekend with a sweet sigh , but a burdened air . The respite is short and the least of unaccomplished deeds , long . 
It goes like this : the fourth , the fifth , the minor fall , the < PROPMALE > lift ; the baffled < PROPMALE > , composing hallelujah . 
So my request to join Google Wave has been accepted and I have no idea what I'm doing , but I do have several invites to issue for it . Who wants in ? 
Seriously , internet , I just want to watch House , okay ? You can go back to being a < PROPMALE > once I've caught up . 
So , I have no idea whether this new watcher of mine on dA actually speaks like she writes , or if she's being an annoying shit on purpose . Regardless , I don't feel compelled in the least to respond to a post consisting of \KAWAII KAWAII KAWAII KAWAIIIIIIIIII !!! 1 !! make a yaoi of tehm ! that would be so awesum . \ " And I wish I were paraphrasing . " 
Hmmmm ... If I were a supervillain ( or a superhero ) what do you suppose my name and power would be ? I'm at a loss , personally . 
I'm sitting here at home with the complete House season 4 and only the finale left to watch . Oh , that I didn't feel obligated to wait for the firs t-t imer to be here to see it for his first time . 
I am a terrible , terrible fan for this , but I must say it : < PROPMALE > suffers so beautifully . And now I feel bad :( 
DEMON LLAMA . 
\The curse is come upon me ! \ " cried the Lady of Shalott . " 
: angry , frustrated , crazy flail : 
Spare me your space-aged techno-babble , Attila the Hun . 
Hehe : \Love lasts forever . Comas don't . \"" 
Hmmm ... Think I may have found a replacement car suitable for betraying my darling Corvus . Additionally , I think I'm going to try for something different when I head for Michigan ; I found some cute 1 bed 1 bath houses for sale that offer monthly payments ... I like that idea better than renting an overpriced apartment again . 
\ ... An elegant weapon from a more civilised age . \"" 
You know , I must say , \It's Raining Men\ " has to be the best music I've ever heard coming from a construction site . " 
Had a conversation with the writing lab director today and announced my decision to resign . The lab has caused me ridiculous levels of stress and anxiety , and I just can't balance it with full-time school ( literature classes , all of them ) and my job at the daycare . I don't think I'm being unreasonable , but apparently the director thinks it can be done if I \manage [ my ] time better . \ " I'm counting to ten slowly . " 
Hey , provided I'm not investigating cars this weekend , anyone up for perusing secondhand shops and possibly the Pea Ridge flea market with me ? I'm on a hunt for pants . 
I FEEL SO FREE . Who knew I'd feel so chained by something I thought I loved ? 
THIS JUST IN . MY NEW SCANNER IS GODLY . 
I'm thinking of submitting something to this year's Women's Studies Conference , but I can't decide whether I should submit my \Plastic Women\ " collage or my essay on the regression of female vocals in mainstream rock . " 
My milkshake bringeth all ye gentlefolk to the yard 
Well isn't this an odd little movie . 
Dear internet , Found a best of Craiglist entry that made me cry . Didn't know those existed . 
FACEBOOK , STOP SCREWING WITH STATUS UPDATES . 
Well , that was an amazingly epic failure of a sleep session . 
God , it's so hard to focus on schoolwork these days . 
I feel that something deep inside of me has broken beyond repair ... The L4D fans on deviantART * scare * me , mommy . 
And now the tentacle has me ! 
CRAP ! I forgot about graduate reading night at End of th Line tonight :( 
So , if anyone's watching the Olympic opening ceremony , I swear the fiddler in the canoe's shadow looked like Batman . This amuses me . 
So I cleaned out my car today to get ready for it to be taken away for good . I can't believe I'm in tears over a stupid car . 
Hey , Kumquats ! Remember to check the group < PROPFEMALE > occasionally through the week for announcements and such . I only now realised that we don't get alerts when something new gets posted on the wall . In the meantime , Jenn has a query that needs addressing in a timely fashion . Go ! Go ! Go ! 
Note to self : get replacement for Iron Giant and do not lend out movies anymore . 
Less than half an hour left with my Corvus :( 
I have lost faith in Concept < PROPMALE > . 
All this Dracula talk is making me hungry :( 
Wow , this guy from Japan in figure skating is pretty damn amazing . It's like watching water dance , so graceful and fluid . 
I'm so tired ; why am I still awake ?! I CAN'T STOP DRAWING . Also , my car is awesome <3 
Haha , guess who just realised she has a 4-5 < PROPFEMALE > exam paper due tomorrow ? I'M SO ON THE BALL . 
I'm the hero of this story ; don't need to be saved . 
As far as sleep goes , I hate this semester so much . Another sleepless night with nothing accomplished and I feel further behind than ever . Wonder if I'll ever get out of here . 
And yet I love this semester ... I'm so excited about the upcoming Hamlet gathering that the book club is hosting . 
So I learned something yesterday : Red Bull makes me tired . Incidentally , it also does awful stuff to my heart rate the same as Sudafed and Theraflu do . 
On Saw 3 : These people are retarded and deserve their crappy deaths . 
I give up . I am the world's to cast among the wolves and divide into lots . 
... WHY haven't I read Good Omens yet ? 
So it kind of sucks to see a movie for the first time when my only exposure to it prior was countless parody . Also , what would I do without film reminding me that everyone in the world who isn't North American is English ? 
I want to petition against the composition styling that < PROPMALE > colleges assign . 
Boo , Liv < PROPFIRST > . 
Captain's log , supplemental ... uh , bedoobeedoobeedoo . That's all . 
It's raining like a Bible story out there ! 
I'm pretty sure my computer doesn't like me this evening . Not very good timing , I'm not gonna lie . 
Time and memory are intricately connected . What is the artistic importance of this ? 
: bangs head : Can I give up now ? I'm sooooooooo tired . 
Uncross , eyes ! Uncross ! 
If there's one thing I've learned from my degree-in-progress , it's that everything is sexually symbolic . 
Wow ! I'm so sorry I wasn't around yesterday to thank you guys individually , but thanks so much to all of you for the birthday greetings <3 . 
Dear movie awards , I want District 9 to win . 
Rawr , I'm a monster . 
How can one person fail to properly calculate damn near everything ... and do it so consistently ? 
Hmm , Ides of March . 
For the umteenth time , I'll say that I adore Dr. < PROPMALE > . He's the only English teacher I know who revels in informality with group mail : \Yo . Guess what ? chicken butt . Which is to say ... NO CLASS on thursday . Which means < PROPFIRST > of Arabia is delayed a week . \"" 
Cities of the Underworld : Dublin . My night just got awesome . 
Hey , UWF , eat my fucking ass . 
Some say the devil is dead , the devil is dead , the devil is dead ; some say the devil is dead and buried in Killarney . 
Who are you calling a cootie < PROPFEMALE > , you lint licker ? 
Hey , Comm Cot , just a reminder , don't forget to check the group < PROPFEMALE > occasionally for updates . 
Here we are , born to be kings ; we're the princes of the universe . 
So two things : 1 . < PROPFIRST > of Arabia is kind of just wonderful . 2 . I feel like a Linkin Park song and the aforementioned film may or may not have been the catalyst because damned if that movie didn't strike a chord and end up meaning too much at just the right time . 
And even though it all went wrong , I'll stand before the lord of song with nothing on my tongue but hallelujah . 
It would figure that the semester I'm so overwhelmed with ideas for drawing is the semester I have entirely too many books to read and write on . Guess what gets more attention usually ... 
Hey , Facebook ? Why're you being a douche ? 
I hate TV Tropes so much . So . Much . Twelve open tabs ... GAH ! 
I think my < PROPFEMALE > would be awesome if she had pink fur . 
Ahem . I just thought I'd tell everyone that How to Train Your Dragon is a very badass movie . That is all . 
Making emote eggs . So cute ! 
I love HtTYD way too much . 
So I'm thinking I don't ever want to hear my mom vaguely suggest that a pair of fictional characters should incorporate another into a relationship to form a threesome . 
Totally just winged a poetry memorisation/dramatisation with music and poetry selections made just this morning . Living on the edge of academia can be exciting . 
Additionally , I hate that I can't just throw together a compilation burned CD ; I have to go through a visual process . The tracks need to all work together : grouped by stylistic similarity , similar pacing , similar volume level and rise , and as an entirety they should build to a climax while having an appropriate end piece . Makes for infuriating CD burning . 
Dear Drunken Asshole Who Took a Whiz on the Back Deck Bench : Thank you for reminding me that we as humans do , in fact , live in a glorified zoo . 
And another thank you , to the charming ladies who don't know how to flush . You guys are all class acts . 
So I decided to check my free disk space on C : ... I'm thinking I need to free up some serious space . 
You'd think with a shelf full of movies as big as mine , I wouldn't have trouble deciding what to watch . Sometimes I really miss the mindless joy of cable . 
All right , got some chai , dad found his old camera and gave it to me , and I just reskinned my gmail and Facebook , so I think the day's been salvaged somewhat . 
And yay for a somewhat cleaner kitchen ! Still a health hazard , but getting better . More on this tomorrow . 
Aaaaaand now I'm panicking . 
OH MY GOD . Blue Pancakes ! 
You have been weighed , you have been measured , and you have been found wanting . 
I sing a song of my impending doom . 
I have conquered you , project 1 of 4 ! 
Holy crap . I'm conflicted . One of my classmates copied , verbatim , a thematic analysis from a summary and book notes site . The instructor doesn't seem to be aware of this and the classmate proved that she hasn't read the book when aked to elabourate on the analysis . I don't know if I should be a tattle tale or just let it rest . 
All right , now we're on paper 2 of 4 and almost done with the outlining phase . 
I think I may have been too ambitious in choosing < PROPFIRST > of Arabia as my final paper's topic . There's just too much going on surrounding the actual events and the film's release date that I don't know where to begin , what to omit , what to focus on , and where to end . It's just too < PROPMALE > ! 
This is my displeased face . 
You're in my world now , not your world , and I've got friends on the other side . 
Rolling thunder and steady rain , House on the TV , and T.E. < PROPFIRST>'s Seven Pillars of Wisdom ... I think this might be a salvagable evening after all . 
FLOGGING < PROPFEMALE > IN JACKSONVILLE . Why am I just now hearing about this ?! 
I learned something today : Girls don't like boys ; girls like cars and money . 
I WILL CONQUER YOU , POETRY PACKET . 
Urge to kill ... Rising ... 
I did everything , everything I wanted to ; I let them use you for their own ends . 
This movie is seriously badass . 
I feel like I'm going mad in my own skin . 
Your apathy is neither cool nor appreciated . 
VENTURE BROTHERS , WHY MUST I WAIT UNTIL AUGUST 22nd TO BASK ONCE MORE IN YOUR < PROPFEMALE > ? 
It's what I expected , but actually knowing has made it much harder to remedy . I don't think I can do this . 
Here's to a miserable effing day : may the night be as awesome as the day was bad . 
@_@ new kids . 
I'm going to have a patio vegetable and < PROPMALE > garden ! Yay garden ! 
I feel exceptionally fat today . 
I am so awesome . 
At the risk of looking goofy , I'm buying that swim tank and those Superman swim trunks I saw at the store last week . I want to swim without my butt hanging out . 
My baby's sick :( . I never know what to do with a sick < PROPFEMALE > . 
Lordy , lordy , it's gonna be a long day with the munchkins XD . 
Guess who has a patio grill ~ ? 
I am amazed that this track STILL brings an overjoyed tear to my eye . 
Game tonight ! Yay ! And mini-cookout , yay ! 
Once I was the < PROPMALE > of spain ~ 
Wow . That was wholly disturbing . There's roadkill , and then there's plain old carnage . I think that was a doe at some point early this morning . 
Portaaaaaaaaal , load faster . 
So Gilderoy Lockhart was a Ravenclaw and McGonagall and < PROPMALE > Riddle attended Hogwarts at the same time . You learn new things . 
This just in : Sesame Street kind of weirds me out . Ithink it's some of the puppets and their strange movements . 
Someone shoot me . 
Okay , enough emo ... We have fireflies in the backyard . SO MANY FIREFLIES . I haven't seen them since Huntsville . 
Damn . I'm suddenly craving Lupin the Third like whoa . 
I have lemon drops . 
New word : dramotional . 
Baby likes to dance in the dark . 
I don't like the new Land Rovers ... 
Really , how much sense does it take to realise that if you have to * jam * you kid's toe into a shoe , maybe it doesn't freaking fit ?! Some of these parents ! 
Ahem . I've thought it though , and I'm now altering the spelling of my drag persona , Amadeus's , last name from Haden to Hadyn . I have my reasons for this :} . 
Oh , I am just about goddamn sick and tired of this shit . 
This afternoon feels oddly like October ... 
Seriously , if you insist on sprinkling liberal Japanese throughout your English speech , stop pluralising . 
Incidentally , I've come to realise that my phone hates being anywhere close to my body . No , really ; I lose my signal completely if it's in my pocket , under my leg , on my stomach ... Anywhere close to me , save for in my hand . Super . Lame . 
Somehow I know that we can't wake again from this dream ... It's not real , but it's ours . 
Never realise how much I use pockets until I don't have any . I have nowhere to put my hands . 
FYI , entitlement's not a good look on * anyone * . 
WHAT , NO . Ruuuuuuue T T_T T . How did I miss that news ? 
Maybe the difference between average and badass comes in the moments where you want nothing more than to give up because you * think * you've reached your limit , but you press on because you * know * you can still go much further . 
So , finally saw The Losers ... Haven't walked out of a theatre grinning that hard for any other film but HTTYD in quite a while . 
Ah ! Meet the Robinsons is on ! I love this movie ! 
Surely I'm not alone in my dislike of seeing \Jedis\ " as a plural for Jedi . " 
Halfway through an incredibly busy week . 82 hour paycheck coming up next week ; I can totally live with that . 
Dear UPS and Fed Ex : \ 
If I could bring the package in during your crappy business hours , I wouldn't be calling for an estimate on my effing * lunch * break . 
It's all right , Facebook ; I didn't want a confirmation text to know that my last post made it . No sweat . 
So I should be VERY asleep ... But I'm rediscovering my love for Donkey Kong music . <3 <3 Totally worth it . 
That's so fetch . 
I'm so relieved , I could cry : it's finally nap time . 
So this is just one of those days where I'm bored with everything , have nothing real to say , and get irritated by damn near everyone . :/ 
Reach out and touch faith . 
ASDFGHJKLKJUHYGTFRDEFRGH£$% !!!! 
Thank you for nothing , you useless phone . 
Wow , talk about cutting it close ... My phone's warranty has * two days * left on it ! Glad I called today XD . So I'm getting a replacement shipped within the week , and I managed to sort out a few other problems . I feel a bit lighter , not entirely , but much better than I felt when I went to bed last night . 
The Last Airbender tonight ! 
I may be an optimist here ( for once in my life ) , but after weighing it out , I give The Last Airbender a 6 on a scale of 1 to 10 ; it wasn't horrible , but with its clumsy pacing , awkward acting , and stale dialogue , the film didn't reach its potential heights . I think there's hope for the other two books , though , as they have room to improve and grow , and the effects were a pretty decent point in the film . 
Pepper-cat vanished this morning while our maintenence guy was working on the bathroom floor ... She's a weenie who darts for the bathroom to hide as soon as a stranger enters the apartment , and my apartment is built on a wood foundation , so the work in there required removing some of the flooring ... See where this is going ? 
Yay , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Overkill gets a bad rap . There's a difference between stupidity and\ 
nobility : stupidity is the < PROPFEMALE > to go into a fight on even ground . 
I love how life works . Get one financial crisis out of the way and encounter another one . Screw this . 
Situation's mostly under control , so to counteract the crisis ... \ 
~ What is love ? ~ 
So . Um . I had a * lot * of crap on my computer , so much crap that it was slowing down everything to a dial-up crawl , even file-browsing offline ! So I've deleted quite a bit and , wow , < PROPMALE > runs almost like he's a new computer ... Except , you know , the whole fried battery , gimpy screen , and right-clicking quirk . But still . 
Yeah , no , it's okay , sinus drainage ... I didn't really want to sleep . Thanks . 
And here we go again . I'm so sick of this sinus garbage keeping me up all night . 
So , I spend most of the time I watch Avatar : The Last Airbender forgetting that Zuko has a scar . I'm that used to seeing it . Overexposure , maybe ? : steps away from show for a bit : 
So , I think we have a good idea where we'll be moving next month . 
Really , < PROPMALE > ? Really ? Is this how we're going to work from now on ? My grandfather's tougher than you and he's over 80 . 
So I think I'm swearing off ground beef . 
And now < PROPMALE>'s making a chugging sound . 
Can I punch a video game ? 
Way to go , self ; it'd be great if I could properly remember my own freakin ' designs :/ . 
I'm so sick of these mood triggers ; I'm annoying myself with how suddenly I can go from feeling all right to suddenly feeling inconsolable rage of the tiniest thing . It's suffocating and cramping my social life . 
I'm ... Not hungry . This is a weird feeling . 
So , good news , we'll be moving in at < PROPFEMALE > Crossing ! Bad news : < PROPMALE > is finally dying :( . 
Attention everyone : My Pepper-cat has a cute , fat face . That is all . 
Guys , guys , guys , guys , guess what ?! I'M ON < PROPMALE > WITHOUT A POWER PLUG . 
Well hello , dreadlocked priest hiking Pensacola's sidewalks , going to my church ? 
All Dogs Go to Heaven is kind of awesome : they get a guy drunk and then kill him . You know , for kids ! 
So ended up getting a monitor for < PROPMALE > since the screen finally fried . I'm kind of amused at how much of a let-down my apartment would be for a prospective thief . 
Also , dammit Homstuck , stop engrossing me and taking my every spare minute ! You're so addictive >.< 
You know what I hate about forgettable , stupid movies ? They have an annoying tendency to have at least one relatively interesting character . 
I get this kind of sadness when I catch up with a webcomic ... Waiting for updates is very ulcer-inducing when the comic in question is story-driven and intense . 
Hahaha , I am triumphant ! I found a backlight display inverter for < PROPMALE > that is well within what I consider a reasonable price range for a five-year-old laptop . Fixing up my own computer is kind of exciting . 
WHY AM I SO REMISS IN MY MESSAGE-RESPONDING DUTIES ?! 
Yay , zombie walk tomorrow ! 
Movingmovingmovingmovingmoving ! 
Nomnomnomnomnom . Braaaaaaaaaaaaaaaainssssssss . 
Please , please , please , pleeeeeeease call us with good news and a key to the new place tomorrow >.< 
: B New apartment makes me happy . 
So , last night was our first night at the new place . I felt like I was sleeping in a stranger's room with the different light coming through my curtains and the unfamiliar scents . Doesn't help that I'm used to sleeping facing the wall opposite where I placed the bed this time . 
Eeee ! The new place is coming along swimmingly ; I'm so excited ! The cats are used to it already , I'm making headway unpacking , we have stuff hanging on the walls already , and the place smells so good ! Also , new couch , yay ! 
Please , just ... No more packing and moving boxes . No ... More ... Boxes . 
Oh christ ... I do fit in with this subculture better than most , don't I ? 
Being a moirail is an emotionally exhausting task , especially if you're in moirallegiance with someone of high emotional maintenance . 
Everything was burning bright ; everyone was frightened ... You said , \Stay strong . \"" 
And just like that , there it is , as strong and uncrontrollable as it was almost a month ago . Wonderful . 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH . It's official . Without easy access to internet , it's nearly impossible for me to sift through all these Facebook updates . You guys do a lot . 
Ho-lee crap . This is possibly the most saccharine kids ' show I've ever seen . Bluh . 
Oh man , nothing quite like putting on a pot of tea after getting home from work . 
Ugh . Vision's crawling and vibrating again . I hate when it does that . 
So ... Day three and Pepper's still missing . I'm not sure what to do ; I miss her , but Obi seems to miss her more . 
Heeeeeeeeeeey , we're officially moved in ! Boxes unpacked and out of the way ! 
Yeah , I'd just like to post a little thank you to the universe in the shape of my middle finger . Thanks a lot for finding any means necessary to screw me over . 
All right dudes and dudettes , I'm in a tricky pickle right now and am resorting to opening < PROPMALE > commissions again for the first time in over six years . 
I WANT TO WATCH VENTURE BROS TONIGHT . Also , Smallville is ending after season ten ... This makes me a sad panda . I need my cheesy superhero drama ! 
Also , you all now have \Conjunction Junction\ " stuck in your heads . You're welcome . " 
You know what this girl could go for right now ? A Hamlet viewing . Yeah ... 
Ever wake up feeling like something's just not right on your mind ? 
I've been feeling stagnant lately ... Like I want to talk , but there's nothing to talk about . 
: is a fatty : I can't believe I'm getting KK donuts at 1230 am . 
Sooooooo , even my peers are making me feel old . Taught two people how to tell if a VHS needs to be rewound and what tracking and autotracking on VCRs are . 
I swear , I get far too excited about Justice League blankets up here at the daycare . 
Man , I really wanna go to B&N or even Books-a-Million will do ... 
Woke up with Ace of Base in my head . Gonna be a good day , I think . 
Toy Story 3 on campus tonight ! Yay ! 
My dear there is no danger ... 
So , you guys are looking at a newly appointed assistant pre-K teacher :3 . I'm working full-time , duckies ! 
Dragonsdragonsdragonsdragonsdragons !!!! 
Also , < PROPFIRST > Bettany , y u so sexy ? 
Captain < PROPFEMALE > shirt sighting at the daycare ; this is a good day . 
I keep getting so excited when I see How to Train Your Dragon commercials ! Eeeeeeee ! 
Best class song , \Boulevard of Broken Dreams . \"" 
Holy crap , awesome effing episode . Is it possible for me to stop loving Venture Bros .? No . No , I don't think so . 
Also , tomorrow's my first official day as a pre-k teacher ! Yay me ! 
You know you live in a hick town when you hear \Cotton-Eye Joe\ " and \ " Thank God I'm a Country Boy\ " blaring on the loudspeakers at the elementary school behind the house . " 
Oh . Turns out my phone was in my pocket . 
Hey , poker's * fun * . 
Damn you , < PROPFIRST > Christian Olsen , now I feel obligated to watch NCIS : Los < PROPFEMALE > and I don't even like the show ! 
... I have an Eridan . Not sure how I feel about that . 
!!!!!! Smallville , I * knew * I loved you ; Booster Gold and Blue Beetle are very likely to make an appearance in this final season ! 
Hey , hey , hey , hey ! Guess what comes out tomorroooooooooow ?? HOW TO TRAIN YOUR DRAGON . 
I has a dragon :3 . 
The pre-k day simply does not have enough hours . I want to know which school board officials were smoking what when they decided that three hours was perfectly suitable for cramming in a syllabus that rivals kindergarten's . And the required teaching just keeps piling up with no extension of pre-k hours . Great idea there , state ; what a class act . 
Additionally , tomorrow and Saturday at 8 pm , Rosencrantz & Guildenstern are Dead will be playing at UWF mainstage . If you want to come , let me know which day will be better for you . 
Rosencrantz & Guildenstern are Dead , 8:00 tonight at UWF . < PROPFIRST > and I are going , anyone else wanna join ? 
You know what annoys me ? How people use OCD as an adjective for people who just happen to nitpick once in a while . 
Double rainbow all the way across the sky , yeah , yeah , so intense . Double rainbow all the way across the sky , waa , waa , oh my god ; look at that rainbow ! 
Everyone in my house is asleep at 10 pm . I wasn't aware I lived in a retirement home . 
I feel a sense of fulfillment in casting bullets succesfully . 
Bluuuuuuh . Halloween felt so ... short-notice this year . 
In a fictional group of kids , there's always The Girl and The Fat One . 
Fingers ... So raw ... Must ... Learn ... Card flourishes . 
Wow . Looking at Mr. Dasher's fan < PROPFEMALE > ( http://www.facebook.com/ < PROPFEMALE > s/Mr-Dasher/108206649227385)\ 
and seeing how many fans it has , I can only hope I can make even * half*\ 
the impact he's made when I go into teaching . If I can be a Mr. Dasher \ 
to even one kid , I'll be happy . 
Holy nuts , I'm so chatty today . 
You know , if I weren't so attached to my existing screennames , I'd make a new one : Coup de Blah . 
YAY , MORE CAMPING NEXT WEEKEND . 
Dude , dude , I just wanna keep goofing off with this NEW COMPUTER . 
HOLY CRAP . Why did no one tell me Windows 7's MS Paint is cooler than the old version ? I'M MAKING SO MANY SHITTY DOODLES RIGHT NOW , YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW . 
While I'm on the topic of Windows 7 ... I'd like to apologise for ever griping about having to upgrade to 7 . It's ... It's kind of awesome . 
Aaaaaand on the other end of the bitching-about-upgrading spectrum , I offer NO apologies to Media Player 11 : You are just as annoying and lame as I remembered you being from my brief stint owning a Vist-operated unit . No love for you , 11 . 
Man , I'm so over Florida ; even its wilderness is ugly . 
XD Tone-deaf campground host singing country karaoke shouldn't be this funny . This is totally my favourite campground . 
Fishing , fishing , fishing ... 
Boo , breaking camp means the end of an awesome weekend :( . 
Cowboy Bebop hankerings jump me out of nowhere . DAT ANIMATION . 
So , uh , Megamind . * Damn * , that's a good film . SO MUCH LOVE . 
I know how the world will end . Pixar and Dreamworks will collaborate to create the most amazing animated film that ever was and ever will be . Reality would divide by zero , and all would cease to exist , because nothing anyone would make afterword would matter . 
: cautious optimism : Is ... Is this real ? Am I imagining this ? A course I've been needing for almost five semesters is finally available ? And ... And it's available as a night class ? Holy . Crap . 
Guuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuys , why did no one tell me that the < PROPMALE > Potter midnight showing was TONIGHT ... or rather , NOW . This is like the official death of my childhood ; I haven't missed a midnight release since I first got into this series ! : sadflail : : goes to bed like a responsible , working adult : : sadly regards time : 
Soooo , the < PROPMALE > and Hermione dance scene was kind of awkward XD . 
It would be wonderful if my useless twat of an adviser would respond to an email of mine for ONCE in my time at this crap excuse for a university . 
... I'm watching my roommates shoot zombies while playing as JFK and McNamara . I don't know if what I'm seeing is awesome or incredibly stupid . 
And now I'm watching < PROPFIRST > Clooney fight vampire strippers and vampire Cheech < PROPFEMALE > . Two nights in a row of very bizarre horror scenarios XD . 
Hey , hey guys , guess who has two thumbs and is registered for her last two classes ? This girl ! 
ARG . Why do the card gods hate me so ? I WILL NOT LOSE ANOTHER GAME . 
I have to be the most maladaptive player in the history of gaming XD . I cannot play competently with a mouse , so I set up my keyboard in a little cluster of controls and aim with the touchpad . I HATE using a mouse . 
No , it's cool , Gulf Power , I didn't want to pay my < PROPMALE > anyway . Protip : fix your effing site . 
Nooooooooo :( . Poor little suicidal treefroggy ! 
Brb , weeping over a piece of fiction . 
And I've seen , OH ! Blue skies through the tears in my eyes . And I realise ... I'm going home . 
You know , far fewer people would have died if more would have paid attention to Benvolio . Poor Benvolio . 
Woke up this morning with \the Fresh < PROPMALE > of Bel-Air\ " stuck in my head . I think it's a good sign for therest of my day . " 
Okay , in a complete moodswing I decided to actually regard my grades from last semester and see just how badly I screwed myself over ... I'm going to have to be downright phenominal with my two classes if I want to repair the damage enough to make a B at most . Hell of a way to finish my undergrad career . 
Boy , it sure is nice to have a reliable means of contacting my housemates :/ . 
: screams in frustration : Just for ONCE in my life , can I PLEASE get away from the 145-160 zone ??? PLEASE ? I'm almost in a size 7 and it would be just WONDERFUL if I didn't have the weight of of a 50\ CRT television set . NOTHING WORKS . " 
So , depending on how things go in the front building at the daycare , I may end up being a lead teacher come January . I won't be assisting pre-k anymore if that happens , but moving from assisting to lead is a pretty sweet move . I like this resume I'm building :3 . 
Why can't I stop shivering ? I'm not even cold in here . Also , why can't I type today ? 
The greatest tragedy of my life was being born a female . No , I'm not coming out to everyone ; this is a lament regarding my unwilling inclusion in girl world . In case you didn't know , girl world is a nightmare . 
The story of Anakin Skywalker all suddenly makes total and complete sense : steroids . Or rather , Forceroids . As a young slave , Anakin longed to be a podracer , but such a dangerous sport required reflexes beyond human capability ... or at least , beyond NORMAL human capability . Thus a nice and brilliant boy grew into an angry , whiny , freakishly strong adolescent who would ultimately kill his loving wife in a ' roid rage . 
I hate luck : I can't punch it when it makes me mad . 
The next person to accuse me of hating baby Jesus because I think blowing electricity on Christmas lights is retarded is going to get my fist in their face . I'm not making anyone else stop , I just refuse to participate because I don't have the funding , okay ? Jfc , get off my back . 
Enough duplicate class items to craft cooler items ? < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to me : makes a Powerjack : . Hello , complete Pyro weapon set :} . 
Saw Voyage of the < PROPFEMALE > Treader today ... I think Narnia lost something this time around . Might be the studio change . 
I'm going to punch card games in the face . : rage : 
Here we start the ballad of the lonely kingdom of death : It starts with a man and gun and a mission . 
I'm currenty watching the live-action Tick . My night officially beats everyone's right now . 
Why can't I keep my eyes open today ? 
So for the most part , I really don't get * honestly * riled up about what happens on game servers online because it's just a game and that's silly , but when people start exploiting glitches and act like it's actual skill ... Well , it's hard not to get aggravated . Spawncamping is hard enough to deal with ; the campers don't need speedy health regeneration on top of that . 
So there's this eighteen-year-old kid who got separated from his dad on a hunting trip in the mountains and gets attacked by a grizzly bear . The kid's response to getting pinned by it ? 
This movie is too adorable . 
Oh my god , this not sleeping crap is getting so old . 
I can't remember what the world was like before I could read . Seems scary in its limits . 
\Don't you see the hat ?! I am Mrs. Nezbit ! \"" 
\I DIED for beauty 
So I think this milk I'm drinking is going bad , but my taste buds are off right now , so I'm not entirely sure . Haha , guess I'll find out later it was . 
Ten o'clock . Ten o'clock and I have nowhere important to be tomorrow , no work , no appointments ... No reason whatsoever to be in bed before midnight . Yet here I am , exhausted at ten o'clock and going to bed like an old lady . I'm too young for this . 
Wow , why am I sucking so bad on TF2 today ? 
I would like to approach whomever responsible for state daycare standards thought fifteen three-year-olds to one teacher was a good idea and punch him/her . 
I . HATE . Printers . 
And now for a moment of complete faggotry on my end : I love this cat so much ! 
Delena : But forth energy to hate a fictional character like you never have before . \ 
\ 
Eridan , you are dead to me . 
I know what kind of walls I want : two made entirely of dry erase board and the other two made of blackboard . Much fun would be had . 
And it now occurs to me that the dragon-related bumper stickers on my car could easily mislead someone into thinking that a furry/scaley/dragonkind owns the car XD . Oops . 
Wow , today must be whining day at the daycare . So many crabs today . 
WHY DO I LIKE \DYNAMITE \"??" 
Talk about lucky ... The afternoon I feel pretty much inconsolably yucky and miss work , my class wherein a Very Important Assignment is due is canceled . Excuse me while I faint from relief . Or maybe that's delirium ? 
Ugh , another day where I feel horrible . 
This is the worst possible combination for me : feeling rather sick while feeling irrationally angry and annoyed over nothing . And I'm shaking . Shit sucks , man . 
Guess who's spending all Saturday sleeping ? This lady , right here . I'm ready to be over whatever this crap is , and since I feel a bit better today than I have the last several days , I hope that copious sleep is all I need . 
How is it that I can love Lord of the Rings so much , but at the same time get such a sad and hollow feeling in my chest from it ? 
Whenever I blink , I hear the world around me warp in sound , like it's been filtered through an oscillating fan . My body goes numb for a split second , the insides of my ears burn , and my mouth tingles uncomfortably . Then it ends and repeats itself a minute or so later . What the hell ? 
I had no idea Hawaiian naming was once so complex . 
Thank you , Homestuck ; this is a wonderful update <3 
Okay , name a movie/comic/show/game/whatever that you know I like ( or think I like ) and I'll reply with the following :\ 
? male :\ 
? female :\ 
? least favorite :\ 
? who resembles me :\ 
? most attractive :\ 
? three more characters that i like : 
Wow , four-year-olds are exhausting . Twos have nothing on these guys . 
Why do I do this to myself ? Why do I peruse the pocket watch section of ebay when I know I can't buy any of them ? They're just so beautiful . 
Prophets of the old movements : \Writers Wagner and Ibsen had been reviled for their own critiques of contemporary civilization and for their warnings that accelerating ' progress ' would lead to the creation of individuals detached from social values and isolated from their fellow men . \"" 
I think today I'll experiment with automatic writing . 
Wait , what ?! CRAP . Ren Faire is early this year T T_T T 
Oh god , why can't I keep my eyes open ? It's seven p.m. , for crying out loud ! 
Nuking on computer in 3 ... 2 ... 1 . 
... Really ? It was just * Java * wanting to update and getting pissed at me for ignoring it ? /headdesk 
Why am I sick * again* ? 
Oh , sweet Cristabel , share with me your poems , for I know now that I am a puppet in this silent stage show , a poet , who failed his best play ... 
Holy god , if I could just stop coughing for an * hour * , I'd be very happy . 
: flail : One of my kids brought in a Batman and Superman World's Finest movie ... Part o he 90s animated Batman and Superman continuities ! Eeee ! 
RANGO . SO . GOOD . 
\Word's on the streets and it's on the news : I'm not gonna teach him how to dance with you . \ " \ 
Man , < PROPFEMALE>'s still one of my favourite villains . Can't really put my finger on why . 
\I have heard the mermaids singing 
Remind me that it's stupid to get so frustrated that I'm rage-crying from computer problems . Because this is just beyond ridiculous . 
... How do you not know where my computer is ? This is easily the worst repair experience I've had , and I've had several repair experiences in the last ten years . 
I'm not coming out of my apartment , maybe even my room , at all this weekend unless it's an effing emergency . Just a heads up . This week can go screw . 
Yesssssssss , Swat Kats ! 
I hate when I'm late to a philosophical realisation party that's literally followed me my whole life , lurking in the shadows and on the edges of my peripheral vision . 
Also , I think Tumblr was made for people like me . 
In what world is sending a package from Jacksonville , FL to Cincinnati , OH a shortcut to deliver to Pace , * Florida* ? 
Also , must be nice to be able to sleep all effing day and not have to worry about a job , still secure in the knowledge that you have a bed to sleep in and a roof over your head < /bitter disdain > 
Usually I don't do this , but it's cute , so I'll play along : You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well .. Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words is harder than you think ......! 
Seriously ? I mean , really ? Have I seriously not taken enough * shit * with computers ? Does my back-up computer's cord * really * need to die ? 
By this point it's too mind-numbingly * stupid * to be a coincidence . Who did I piss off in a past life ? A technician ? 
So I think \Dust Bowl Dance\ " is currently my favourite song . It makes me feel like I'm flying apart at the seams ; the only other piece of music to make me feel that way has been \ " Death is the Road to Awe . \"" 
So one of my coworkers has made my shitlist . Someone < PROPFIRST > , in pen , a moustache on one of my WIPs I forgot at work yesterday . Way to ruin my work , jackass . 
Why must I love cartoons so much ? 
: bangs head against wall : And upon renaming this new computer , I come across the system specs ... And find they gave me the wrong machine . 
: B Hey < PROPMALE > on instant play on Netflix . Yey . 
Okay , so I'm really confused about Hey < PROPMALE>'s time setting . It crosses the 90s with some older decades ; the vehicles are most notably dated ... But they have beepers . But the prevalence of jazz culture , the cars and buses , the < PROPFIRST > Sinatra-esque musician , the preoccupation with baseball , and even the way the kids occupy their free time isn't very 1990s . I'm so confused . It's just a cartoon , I shouldn't care ! 
Gah , I hate nights like this . Two hours in bed and still no tiredness to whisk me away . 
So it turns out that ltting me wander into a writing supply aisle is a bad idea . Impulse control plummets . 
* letting 
