created a fake account . 

finally home from < PROPFEMALE>'s . Loved the pool volleyball !!! 
According to one mr. < PROPMALE > Engvall , I must become a pilot . 
It aches in every bone , I'll die alone , but not for you My eyes don't need to see that ugly thing , I know it's me you fear If you want me hold me back Frail , the skin is dry and pale , the pain will never fail And so we go back to the remedy Clip the wings that get you high , just leave them where they lie And tell yourself , \You'll be the death of me \"" 
out for groups with a vengeance . Please suggest some for me if it crosses your mind . 
Going to see how to train your dragon with my mom's other daughter . Text me . 
If a person won't listen to another on an issue either because they don't have experience or because they do , so why are they criticizing you , then who does that leave ? 
is finally getting new games on her compaq !!! 
Go < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
God help those kindergarteners tomorrow 
I have no idea how many times I've voted for < PROPFEMALE > 
Omg . I'm being kidnapped ; but at least i have a bag full of random crap . Text me . 
Going to see how to train your dragon again 
Dont be like de bunnies 
How funny would it be if i was suspended for throwing air at kushner 
It's a bird , it's a plane , it's superfrog ! > : -> 
Why did he leave ? Was he failing ? Was he bored with everyone ? Was he ever worth this much thought ? 
Just got new shoes . they have a wicked design . 
Headed to the mall . Anybody else ? 
Really wants a ball python after seeing allysa's . 
Trying to come up with more pointless stuff to post on my wall . 
\Ahhhhhhhhh !!!!!!!! \ " \ " what ? \ " * whisper * \ " my air conditioner just cut off .................... \"" 
Great , now i want to watch all that . Can i find videos on youtube ? 
C'est < PROPFEMALE > vie 
OMG a branch 
Im not evil . Im angelically challenged . 
When you feel alone , just look at the spaces between your fingers and remember That's where mine fit perfectly 
Coffee ? whatyoumeancoffeewuzincup ? Inotknowwhatyoutalkin'bout . Thotwuzwatter . Yeah , watter . Mmmwatter . Watterwatterwatter . 
I gotz my box 
Fear my squirrelly wrath , fear it 
The hamsters maded a funny noise and i was scareded 
\I boop ur nose . \ " * boop * " 
\You fell\ " \ " don't judge me \"" 
Life is like a corndog . I don't know why , it just is ! 
Going to the drive-in tonight . Anybody else ? 
Are you fucking kidding me ? We waited a half hour just to be turned away along with at least ten vehicles . Might try to see shrek Tommorrow or next weekend 
Chaos , panic , and disorder- my work here is done . 
I'm a vicious pit bull . Fear me . Me and my tennis ball of terror . Afterwards , can we play fetch ? Please . Please . Please . Pretty please . Come on . Come on . 
* Person licks a rainbow * Blah you don't taste like skittles at all ! 
Can't believe tomorrow is the last day :( :'( 
watching shows I haven't seen in so long . 
Haha i hacked jamies facebook 
I don't do touchy-feely , i do owchy-bleedy 
Dont blame me blame the solar system 
Drive-in screen one tonight . ( gagging ) Hmu not now , but then 
It's so flufffyyy !! < 
They both are dead , in the very same bed , and neither one knows , that the other one's dead , ba-roooom ba-roooom 
Parasites : nature's agents to remind you that you can lose so much for something so small 
Going to see avatar the last airbender 
Eustronguloites 
Scratches all down my back , you keep me right on 
Get it shorty 
Sami has hijacked Jamies facebook :p 
is Looking for new songs . Any suggestions ? 
Momo has mad dance skills 
Is there anyone who could teach my friend to play guitar ? 
You betray me straw 
Going to b-dubs in a little bit 
Goofy Ignorant Robot 
Going shopping Blah 
finally got my heels and a new phone . 
Seeing the other guys at the mall theatre 
couldn't get my schedule today because i forgot a calculator from last year . Now , My homepage is taunting me with other people's schedules . I'll try again tomorrow . 
fishy bites !!! i need something spicy . 
:>( 
My mom and I are sizing each other up for a bite war 
feels british for a moment 
Just woke up and im already an epic failure 
If actions don't define a person's personality , then what exactly does . 
Heading to bdubbs . Does anyone know how busy it is . 
Does anyone know where I can find a \prohibido fumer\ " shirt ? " 
Who is on what team this year ? JV/V ? Who quit ? I wonna know so I can plan around the games this year . 
Seeing vampires suck at the mall . 
Finally managed to wake up at a decent hour . 
Millbrook is trying to < PROPFIRST > my mom out of her last back to school night . 
going to the game tonight . Who wants to be loud ? Who's starting this year ? 
Is so pissed off . We lost tonight's game and i cant go to ihop . But i got some mountain dew and mountain dew makes everything better . Woohoo md 
Nobody with eyes that beautiful should ever be single . I just don't get it . 
Children with special needs do not have an illness ... it is not contagious . They only want what we all want : to be accepted . Can I make a request of anyone who is willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour in Honor of Special Education week . I'd love to see ... EVERYONE leave it longer ! I dare you . 
Football is the only sport where a lotta boy on a little boy is encouraged 
Going to < PROPFIRST>'s tonight 
had an awesome time at the family bonfire and I can hardly wait for the next one . 
can't make cupcakes for tommorrow , so I have to settle for cookies . 
Thanks for the birthday wishes . 
* sniffles * 
Am I the only one not throwing around \I love you ? \"" 
Damn , that girl gets around doesn't she ? 
Off to fridays for a family date 
Off to dennys 
please tell me that we are having progress reports handed out and not mailed . :( 
Best of luck to all our boys playing tonight . 
Okay so now its okay to send someone to the hospital just because a team can't except a loss . Wtf is wrong with the refs ? 
Probably going to texas steakhouse for my sisters birthday 
At a volleyball game 
:'( 
Nice job to all of tonight's players and everyone who participated in the loud crowd . 
beta fish have such a sad life 
Who all is going to the game tomorrow ? 
Complete one eighty from two years ago . Nice job boys . 
Going to my first and final powderpuff game tomorrow . GO SENIORS !!!! 
Just got my homecoming dress and I can't wait to wear it Saturday . Now it's just taunting me . 
Please , put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease nor a choice . People who are gay are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS ... 93% won't copy and paste this , will you ?... Make it your status update for at least one hour . Promote Love & Acceptance , not hate . 
Okay people need to come to the practice softball feild soon 
having withdrawals so I'm heading to the library . I know , I'm a nerd . 
oh so now i find my card . I'll have to wait til monday . 
Waiting to watch my first cheer competition 
When do you think zombies will become the dominant race in < PROPFEMALE > ? 
It's time we got over this before our fists start saying what our mouths commit . With a little bit of courtesy , we can finally learn when not to speak . 
Really wants to watch some < PROPFEMALE > toons right now 
Is there going to be a tailgate this week ? 
Hey yo first things first , It's time to shake ground in the eighth round , Box battle & break down , From the beat & the wild tone , jump in the cyclone , Styles , yes , yes I know , Red beam , maxime , Pack red beam , Put ' em up , You plucked a bad seed , Off the wall spitting , in the gorilla tag-team , What's up now ? jump down , stuff they can't breathe , Yo ! you know the routine , the demon effect 
Dirty little freaks 
Can you look me in the eye and tell me those are not stoner animals 
dang you youtube for cockblocking me . 
Can someone eplain to me how I burned myself on my binder in Calculus ? 
How did the last three matches turn ? I had to leave early :( 
To < PROPFEMALE > , I hope that your injury isn't too bad and that you're okay . 
Is there no varsity cheerleading ? What's going on ? 
Oh yeah ... CUPCAKE TIME 
God saw you getting tired and a cure was not to be . So he put his arms around you and whispered come with me . With tearful eyes we watched and saw you pass away . Although we love you dearly we could not make you stay . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating , hard working hands at .. rest .. God broke our hearts to prove to us , he only takes the best . Put as your status if there is someone in Heaven you will miss this Christmas . 
Happy hanukkah , < PROPFEMALE > christmas and a happy new year 
Is about to head out for the wrestling tournament . How did it go yesterday ? 
Our basketball program rocks hardcore . 
Put this as your status & see what you get inboxed (: ( curious if this will work ... probably not :D) \ 
-white : I wanna see you more . \ 
-pink : I like you . \ 
-blue : i love you . \ 
-red : I used to like you . \ 
... -gray : I wanna be friends . \ 
-orange : I want to make you mine . \ 
-yellow : I think you're cute . \ 
-green : I want to meet you . \ 
-purple : I want to kiss you . \ 
INBOX ONLY ! 
Is off to the wrestling matches . Crap i forgot my face paint . Help 
Eighty one to thirty four . All i have to say is DANG , GET IT GIRLS !!! 
I claim profile rape 
Great job out there boys . Can some one comment the score from the girl's game some time tonight . 
What is the point in standing with the loud crowd or even coming to the game at all if all you're going to do is be buried in your phone or molest each other . 
There can be no other reason why\ 
You know we should have seen it coming\ 
Consequnces we can not deny\ 
will be revealed in time 
I've got a candle and I've got a spoon . I live in a hallway with no doors and no rooms . 
Hell yeah for no school , which means more time with the cats 
Withdrawals 
If we have a loud crowd , would it be on the left or right side tonight 
Now that I can finally upload pics from my phone , the sprint tower decides I don't deserve internet . 
The stands look sort of depressing for a playoff game 
It's not like I'm walking alone into the valley of the shadow of death\ 
Stand beside one another , ' cause it ain't over yet\ 
I'd be willing to bet that if we don't back down\ 
You and I will be the ones that are holding the Crown in the end\ 
When it's over , we can say , \Well done\ " \ 
Zoey has successfully kicked me out of my own bed ... ONCE AGAIN 
yay for a one-hour delay 
Off to my aunt's and soon-to-be uncle's wedding in a couple of hours . Can someone who is going to the game tell me how it goes ? 
Liquid lava ... AAAAHHHHHH 
I never had SEX , SMOKED WEED , been DRUNK , SNEAKED OUT , or SKIPPED CLASS . Copy and paste this as your status and who ever likes it , thinks your lying 
Was the baseball game cancelled or postponed ? Is the softball game still on for seven ? 
If I go to prom , then I already have my dress picked out . 
I am so sport deprived . I hope there will still be tennis matches . 
I'm betting on August 31 at 3:10 am 
I'm pretty sure mapquest is lying . I can't beleive I did 16 < PROPMALE > . But it would be awesome if I did . 
You're perfect , yes , it's true\ 
But without me you're only you\ 
Your menstruating heart\ 
It ain't bleeding enough for two 
