is ending another boring year completely bored .. :/ 

got a new haircut ! :) 
screwed up badly last night ... It won't happen again . 
-everything should be perfect now . I should be happy , right ? 
-- So many choices . Life's like 1 billion people telling you what to do , and you have to choose one voice to follow ... But which is the right one ? 
is watching Host Club . > v < 
has once again , hurt some one she loved . Why don't I feel the guilt I should ? 
All alone he turns to stone . While holding his breath half to death . Terrified of what's inside . To save his life . He crawls like a worm from a bird . 
-- Why can't anyone just leave me alone !?! I just want to be alone ! 
is going to see Transformers 2 . 
saw Transformers 2 last night . 
is sick of this crap ! I can't stand living like this . If this is it , what's the point ? 
All alone he turns to stone While holding his breath half to death Terrified of what's inside To save his life He crawls like a worm from a bird 
Crawling in my skin These wounds , they will not heal Fear is how I fall Confusing what is real 
wants to know if Transformers are superheroes . 
is gonna get a haircut possibly . 
had to fix her new haircut . :P 
is going to miss facebook next week . :'( 
Why can't anybody just get along anymore ? 
This is not how I wanted to leave for camp . 
is on her way to camp . :) 
is in Tennessee ! 
is off to Knoxville . 
is back home .. finally 
I don't want to be here , lying I don't want to be selfish anymore I want so much to change Learning your love everyday There's still so much to know 
Is so tired . :P 
..... He's angry ! 
who let out the chicken ?!?!?!?!? 
Is super bored .... I like my sitar , I like my sitar , I play the sitar , sitar , where ever I go , ohhhhh 
is exetremely bored ... there's nothing to do .. 
burned her fingers making Ramen ... lol 
just got back from shopping . Yay for new clothes ! 
is why the hell does my dad do this to me ? 
picked up her school schedule .... fun . 
It feels like I'm killin myself . Just willin myself . Just to pray for some help . I'd give it all just to have , have your eternity . Cause it's all that assures me . It's worth all that hurts me . I'd give you my heart , And I'd let you just hold it . I'd give you my soul , But I already sold it . 
This love , This Hate Is burning me away . It's hard to face that we're all the same . This love , This Hate Is Burning me away . It's harder times like these that never change . 
And now I try hard to make it I just want to make you proud I'm never gonna be good enough for you I can't stand another fight And nothing's alright 
is working today ...... 
\That doesn't mean I was eating it . You put lots of things in your mouth and don't eat it ... I could give you examples . \ " \ " Please do . \ " \ " .... The hands of a dentist ! \"" 
Why can't anyone see when I'm hurt ? Do I really hide it so well ? 
doesn't want to go to school tommorrow 
is sorry to all who care ... I never meant to hurt you .. 
is freezing to death ! 
is really bored ..... 
hates colds ... 
These are my friends , see how they glisten . See this one shine , how he smiles in the light . My friend , my faithful friend 
It all just hits so close to home , We all got friends but we stand alone , And your on your own From a broken home , You keep the truth inside And it stays unknown . 
is going to try to have fun tonight . Wish me luck . :P lol 
had fun at rock the light . :) 
wants to do something fun .... maybe I'll draw .. 
One-two-three-four ! I declare a dance war ! Dance or die ! Yeah it's five-six-seven-eight ! Now we're gonna celebrate ! Dance or die ! 
has a baby for the weekend :) 
Todd : Haven't you got poet , or something like that ? Lovett : No , y'see , the trouble with poet is ' Ow do you know it's deceased ? Try the priest ! 
There's a hole in the world Like a great black pit and the vermin of the world inhabit it and it's morals aren't worth what a pig could spit and it goes by the name of London . 
wants to write . 
wants to know why life's worth living .. 
I give up . I'm letting go , goodbye ... 
is sorry for scaring everybody . 
is extremely lazy . :P 
is pissed and sick of people making her do stuff when she feels like she's falling apart ... No one ever listens to me I hate it ! 
It's been much too long 
\Man who smoke pot choke on handle . \"" 
\Man who drive like hell bound to get there ! \"" 
hates getting sick all the time ... :/ 
is 18 !!! 
Thanks everyone for the happy birthday wishes . 
can say floccinauchinihilipilification 5 times fast !!!! 
is happily munching on pop rocks :3 
got a hair cut ! 
is drawing again 
is wondering if it's worth going to portfolio days . I mean it's not like I'm that good anyways ... 
feels sore and icky . I hope I get better for tomorrow . 
is going to portfolio day . Wish my luck ! X3 
had fun .. only got to see one college though . The lines were horribly long . :P 
Inside my heart is breaking ... My make-up may be fading .. but my smile , still , stays on . The Show must go on ! The Show must go on ! I'll top the < PROPMALE > ! I'll overkill ! I have to find the will to < PROPFEMALE > on ! On with the , On with the show ! 
has her phone back ! :D 
feels like crap ... 
is grossed out ... 
is not looking forward to tomorrowwith a hurt knee ... 
' s knee still hurts ... oh well 
had a good day today 
Parlez vous francais ? Konichiwa come and and move in my way 
feels like she's gonna cry .... 
is excited for next week !!! 
just got back from ushering at the musical 
just wants it to be Thursday 
is nervous and excited about tomorrow 
wishes he was still here 
is bored and tired .. 
hates today ... it's the worst day in a while . I should have just stayed home ... 
is excited for Thanksgiving ! 
just saw Paranormal Activity .. It's really good . 
is scared and lonely .. 
is wodering what's gonna happen with her life ... hmmm 
is thinking she might have insomnia :/ 
hurt her knee ... again 
is tired , sore , stressed out , and wants to cry ... I hate school 
thinks that today sucked . 
is missing a certain someone ... and trying to think of something to draw . :/ 
Maybe there's a devil ( or something like it ) inside , Maybe there's a devil ( or something like it ) inside of me , Devil ( or something like it ) inside . Maybe there's a devil somewhere really deep inside me , Devil inside of me . Jealous angel deep inside me . Time to make it burn ! This is how I burn ! 
is so stupid and worthless . She only hurts those close to her ... 
is glad to have worked things out 
is full , sleepy , and missing you . 
feels good about herself for once :) 
wants it to be friday . :P 
had so much fun today :D 
feels sick .. eating too many cookies and the smell of burnt food don't mix well :/ 
is so cold and bored 
is obviously useless and no good to anyone ... 
is bored .. 
is bored and seeing Avatar tonight . :) 
is tired .. Avatar was amazing last night though ! 
is tired of there being no school ... 
feels sick .. I obviously couldn't hold a camerafour years ago :/ 
is really bored :P ... someboy save me .. please ? 
loves her sister :) Jumping in the snow in a bikini takes alot of guts .. or stupidity lol 
feels lonely and wishes he was here ... 
doesn't want to go to school in the morning .. :P 
screwed up big time .. no suprises there 
wishes she could take it all back .. 
is debating how to draw her goddess .. 
misses him alot right now ... :( 
wishes that she could just get away and be with him ... 
hates it when people just talk to you to see if you're mad then leave when you tell them you're not .. 
just wants to talk to anyone for more than 5 freaking minutes !!! 
YESSSSS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SHE LIVES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! >:D 
I am the spider slayer !! 
wants to crawl in a hole .... 
had fun talking with her family when the power went out :) 
I'm finding it hard to hold on to you , like a dream that's fading away . I'm starting to wake , back to the nightmare called reality . 
made the biggest mistake of her life today ... 
has a cut gum thanks to her sister 
is tired and bored ... :P 
people are mean and horrible creatures ... 
I wish I kill all of me that hasn't been changed by you ... then I'd be perfect .. 
*~Let's be traditional , and non commissional . Got my elbows down , pinkies up . That's the way you sip my cup ! ~ * 
I feel like dancing the futterwcken ! CX 
doesn't know what to do 
bored and lonely 
is gonna act tomorrow ! wish me luck ! :) 
the drama went wonderfully ! :) 
... 
is wanting something to do :/ 
is looking for a prom dress 
had a good time talking to the best guy on earth ! :) love you hun ! 
helped dig up a bush in the rain 
has had it with people this weekend ... 
is just gonna cry herself to sleep I guess . Good night everyone . See you tomorrow . 
day went surprizingly fast 
really wishes he was on right now .. 
is having second thoughts about going to prom ... If the one you love isn't there , is it worth it ? 
had fun being hypnotised at after prom . :) 
just wants to escape ..... by any means possible ! 
is sick .... and is wishing this weekend was already over . 
just wants to run far far away from this ... 
hates thunderstorms ... they scare me * hides under a blanket * 
hates computer viruses .. (-_- \ " , 201 0-0 5-13 20:48:49 " 
is at home being bored to death . 
doesn't know what to do with her week off ... 
is getting a new bed !! 
is pissed and wants to distroy everythng ... Baby please call :'( 
is gonna < PROPFEMALE > with her Grandma ( hopefully Grandmas) !! 
had fun today ! 
has been cleaning her room since 1:00 . 
is nervous about Graduation . 
can finally relax :) 
totally feels like shi-crap now ... 
is EXTREMELY disgusted with her sister .... ew .. just ew .. 
where'd he go ? 
So don’t worry , even if the sky is falling\ 
down , down , \ 
down . \ 
Gonna\ 
be okay when it knocks you down , \ 
down , down . \ 
So baby don’t worry , \ 
it’s alright , a-alright when it knocks you down . \ 
When\ 
you go down , when you go down down . \ 
No need to worry , just pick back up when you’re tumbling\ 
down , down , down ( down , down ) 
hates it when old wounds get torn open ... 
is not amused :/ 
is so freaking stressed rightnow ! 
wants to cry .. 
wants out of this nightmare and can't get out ... help ... 
had a very ... interesting week . 
is wondering why he broke his promise ... 
is goin shoppin tomorrow !! :D 
is gonna be gone the rest of the week ... 
\You remind me of the babe . \"" 
needs to get volumes 1 and 2 of Blackbird . 
had tons of fun at the LARP , now on to vacation !!! 
is having tons of fun but strangely wishes to be back home ? O.o 
is glad to be home . :) 
got her computer back !!! Hooorayy ! 
Why are people so cruel today :'( 
Can I just crawl under a rock and stay there ? 
I believe in nothing . Not the end and not the start . I believe in nothing . Not the earth and not the stars . I believe in nothing . Not the day and not the dark . I believe in nothing . But the beating of our hearts . I believe in nothing . One hundred suns until we part . I believe in nothing . Not in satan , not in god . I believe in nothing . Not in peace and not in war . I believe in nothing . But the truth of who we are . 
I'm so lost right now . I have no options ... They told me lies about being an adult . It was all a big trap and now I have nowhere to go . I'm not prepared for this ... 
What does it matter where they build a mosque ?! Last I saw this is < PROPFEMALE > where we HAVE freedom of religion !!!! 
is SUPER scared and worried right now ... Where are you ?? :'( 
is READY FOR THE WEEKEND !!!! lol 
is sorry that facebook is spaming you guys on my account . : C 
it's just my luck that when I finally find my dream job , I may not have a ride to it ... 
just learned to dance the Charleston :3 Now I can actually dance !!!! XD 
isn't a zombie pinup but a crazy bird lady .... thank you < PROPFEMALE > 
Gwynn just threw herself down the stairs ... 
People with no humor need grow up ! >:O 
You think the only people who are people are the people who look and think like you ... 
Mom just schooled Indiain tracfone service . 
Mom just schooled < PROPFEMALE > in tracfone service . 
Crap ... no ride for haunt training tomorrow ... 
Yay ... 8 hours of work then training for god knows how long . 
what do you do when your heart says one thing and your mind anonther ?... 
well .... that sucked .. 
so ... Sabastian's a girl ... any names ? 
got a hair cut 
Got my phone back ! :D 
is watching her sister shoot a balloon with a bb gun .. they bounce back and hit her . It's priceless ! You can't buy comedies that great ! XD 
well so much for a fun day ... yay for being all alone ... 
why is everything so stressfull ... 
I like it on the floor by my bed . 
Thanks all for the birthday wishes . 
started writing again .. different . 
If You Want To Fix Me Push Me Into Your Fantasy You Try To Give Me Sell Me A New Personality You Try To Leave Me I Don't Get Better What's Making You Happy Is Making Me Sadder In Your < PROPFEMALE > Cage All I Feel Is Strange 
they had it coming , they had it coming . they only had themselves to blame , if you had been there , if you had seen it . betcha you would have done the same ! 
last week of wof ... I got used to it and now it's ending . Have to adjust to a new schedule . 
I sense there's something in the wind , that feels like tragedy's at hand . And though I'd like to stand by him , can't shake this feeling that I have . The worst is just around the bend .. 
Has my new ipod !!! yay X3 
isn't having the best day ... thank you grumpy ass old people who decide to yell at the poor girl taking your call . You remind me why I love my job . 
Is extremely pissed and wants everyone to just leave me fucking alone !!! 
Is done with her freak out moment . :) 
has just been scarred ... thanks mom .. 
I guess I'll do the number thingy too send me < PROPFIRST > people ! :3 @ 
#1006 I don't really know what to say ... You're a little crazy and fun ... A little fuzzy too x3 
# < PROPFEMALE > you're a bit strange but you're dating my sister so you'd have to be strange xD anywho you're pretty cool 
#13 you're pretty in every meaning of that phrase that's all I have to say about that :) 
#21 you're really quiet and sweet person I freaking love your artwork so keep it up . :) we live so close we should < PROPFEMALE > out some time . 
just woke up ... 3 hours early now I can't sleep 
#1121 you're easily one of my best guy friends even though you're a creeper :) stay away from Gwynn she's illegal !!! XD 
Is tired cleaning my room is a waste of energy :P 
Well I'm feeling rather bored so unless someone wants to talk I'll be calling it a night 
#1992 can I really fit this in a status ? You the only person who can cool my temper on a bad day make me feel like the happiest girl in the world yet make me worry so much . You're my whole world and I love ya bunches ;3 
Is watching the first movie she remembers seeing at the theatre :3 
Think that families should fucking accept each other rather than make fun other their interests and dreams ... 
Hey mom ... Dildo ... 
It's Friday !!!!!!!! :D 
had fun tonight :) happy 2 month anniversary sweetie <3 
\Squish squish squish squish\ " XD " 
Had a good Christmas even though it was missing a special someone <3 
\You put lots of things in you mouth and don't eat it . \ " \ " Like what ?? \ " \ " ... The hands of a dentist ! \"" 
Couldn't sleep last night wasn't feeling well ... I need a break .. 
How come when the lives of those around me get shaky , I'm the one who ends up in peices ? 
Weeeee that was fun I just fell down the stairs , hit my head then threw up , and now for lunch :3 
You know what ? I left work about an hour and a half ago , so sorry for not fucking screening your calls . I'm not your goddamn receptionist ! 
Is apartment searching , car searching , and let's not add job searching to that list 
You know you're a nerd when you make some achievement , you imagine exp points above your head .. XD 
I always needed time on my own , I never thought I'd need you there when I cry . \ 
And the days feel like years when I'm alone . And the bed where you lie is made up on your side . When you walk away I count the steps that you take . Do you see how much I need you right now ? When you're gone , the pieces of my heart are missing you . When you're gone , the face I came to know is missing too 
Imma get my haircut 
Life is bliss when you're here but hell when you're gone . 
Sometimes I wonder if this is worth it 
I'm making cake .. It smells good X3 
What's a bieber ?? 
.. Bless you peppers ... 
So basically I should have gone to college cause I'm a pretty good microwave cook ! lol XD 
Sorry for being concerned .... Sorry for caring ... 
Today hasn't been my day but tomorrow will be a clean slate 
Here we go , welcome to my funeral\ 
Without you I don't even have a pulse\ 
All alone it's dark and cold\ 
With every move I die 
She was a young girl in pursuit of < PROPFEMALE > and fame . \ 
She would do anything she could to feel the flame , \ 
When everybody knew your mood and the games you've played . \ 
She finally made all her dreams come true and then she screamed \Oh no this ain't paradise ! \"" 
So I work real hard each and every day\ 
Now things for sure are going my way\ 
Just doing what I do\ 
Look out boys , I'm coming through 
Don't be in a hurry to insult anything , you may also insult someon 
Don't be in a hurry to insult anything for you may also insult some one important . 
Just don't ask me for the truth if you choose to lie honey\ 
And don't try to open my door with your skeleton key\ 
Some folks seem to think I only got one problem\ 
I can't find nobody as crazy as me 
But the one thing I know : that when I , I turn out the light , \ 
Visions of you , dear , dance in the night . 
you were my best friend ... I thought you had my back ... but in the end it was your knife that made the wound . 
I'm sorry to all my friends ' news feeds I spammed with personal problems that should of been kept personal . 
Welp I'm out of a job .. 
The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return . 
Thanks for forgetting me guys .. I really appreciate it 
This is true love , you think this happens every day 
No one told me I was going to find you . Unexpected , what you did to my heart . When I lost hope , you were there to remind me This is the start . 
we all got friends but we stand alone , and your on your own from a broken home , you keep the truth inside and it stays unknown . 
Thank you for curing me of my ridiculous obsession with love . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ajuITcvjyPE&feature=youtube_gdata_player 
We could be heroes forever and ever ! 
Haha I have hacked your facebook I love you < PROPFEMALE > hall ; # 
Tomorrow's my last day at work .. I have mixed feelings :/ 
Has the best daddy in the world ! not only did he save me some ice cream but he put it a bowl in the freezer with hard shell :3 
Has no clue what to do with her week now that she doesn't have to go to work 
Hates technology sometimes ... 
Why does my heart cry Feelings I can't fight You're free to leave me But just don't deceive me And please believe me when I say I love you 
What have I done 
It's like last night was just a bad dream 
Dang you Vin Disel !!! You made my janga fall !!! 
Why is there THREE pieces missing from the brand new pattern I just bought ?!?!? 
I'm sorry if my < PROPMALE > offends anyone .. It's just how I see and express things 
Yay I finally get my apple 
Well the reenactment was fun .. But freezing cold 
And this is why I stopped reading I always end up in tears ... 
Ugh it's too hot in this house ... 
You know what ? God hates me ... and don't try to tell me otherwise ... 
Why does it feel like no one cares ?? Oh yeah it's because no one listens .. I could be screaming and no one would look up to see what's wrong ! 
It sounds like hell !! 
Happy mothers day mommy !! 
I love when you tell someone no but they do it anyways then claim they listen ... 
You know what ? I need to stop fooling myself ... I'm not smart I'm just a retard like everyone says ... 
so bored 
Has an interview tomorrow morning at 11 . Wish me luck ! 
So nervous ... Is there any way I can get out of going 
Don't you just love it when the people you trust let you down ? 
I'm impossible to forget , but I'm hard to remember . 
~ I forgot to say out loud how beautiful you really are to me\ 
I cannot be without , you're my perfect little punching bag\ 
And I need you , I'm sorry ~ <3 
Can't sleep tonight .. Oh well 
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn ; but that's alright , because I like the way it hurts . Just gonna stand there and hear me cry ; but that's alright , because I love the way you lie .. 
I need some quality girl time like in the good ol ' days . 
