is in Kentucky for New Years < PROPFEMALE > !! Happy New Year ya'll!! 

You cannot discover new oceans unless you have the courage to loose site of the shore . 
is showing someone how to use Facebook ! 
is at class right now ! 
loves watching our new kitten . 
is currently in class . 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTmas everybody !!!!! 
is playing/setting up her new computer ! 
hates the day before vacation because everything is WAY to crazy getting ready to go !! 
is at grandparents in North < PROPFEMALE > . 
Happy New Year !!! Hope everyones New Year was as good as mine . 
It's my birthday and I'm 21 !!!!!!!!!!!! 
I just wanted to say thank you to everyone that wished me a happy 21st birthday on tuesday . . . so Thank-You !! 
watching The Bachelor with Joy and < PROPFEMALE > . 
We are making this month anime month !!!! Change your facbook profile picture into an anime that looks like you and make this your status . :) 
loves thunderstorms !! 
Hey , I just wanted to say Thank-You to everyone who has been prayin for my mom . She is doin ' alot better , so Thank-You !! 
thinks she might have sprained her toe . 
It's the last meal of YCC !! 
YCC is over for this year , now its time to tackle my last week of school . Pray for me , I'm goin ' in ! I'll be out of my cocoon on Friday ! 
I'm so dead after a hard day of schoolwork . But its almost over !!! 
The power is out here . Should be fun . 
has enjoyed having family here ! 
Sometimes I think it would be interesting to run up to a stranger on the street and say \YOU'RE IT !! \ " and then run away as fast as I can . " 
They sell Universal remotes at Wal*Mart can you believe that power like that is available to just anyone ! Crazy . 
Bye ya'll , off to Cancun !! I hate flying , it scares me SO bad , so just pray for us while we're gone . Scary ScArY planes !!! 
Guess who is back in the US again . But now we have to go through customs . Wish me luck , they always stop me . Do I look like a bad person to ya'll ? 
We landed safely in MI . It is amazing feeling to know that we don't have anymore traveling . 
First day back , but I am still really < PROPMALE > on my legs from driving that stupid golf cart around on thursday . Ya'll would not believe how red I was and still am ! 
feels great being home !! 
is lovin this amazing day that God gave us . 
is watching the first reason of a show called < PROPMALE > . 
just got back from the Hartland Memorial Day parade . Just having fun spending the day with the family . :D 
has had an amazing Memorial Day with my family . I hope everyone else had as much fun as I did . :D 
You could play connect the dots with all of the mosquito bites I got yesterday . But I had fun and wouldn't change a thing . 
I have two new bumps from StUpId pinecones that somehow came in contact with my head ! And now a HuGe headache ! 
You would think that they would check to see if the McDonalds glasses were toxic B4 they started selling them ! Just sayin'! 
Is glad every lunch is not like this one . 
is currently at a concert . I'm having a blast . 
LOVED the < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Tomlin concert that I just went to . It was AMAZING . But I am now loosing my voice . 
getting ready for another week of camp startin tomorrow . 
Another week of camp has started ! 
The weekend cannot get here fast enough !! 
Happy Birthday Mommy !!!!! 
is sitting in the theater waiting to watch Twilight Eclipse !!!! I'm so excited , this is my favorite book out of all of the Twilight books . 
just got back from the movies . I loved Eclipse . It was a good movie . 
is sittin in Comerica Park waiting for the Detroit Tigers game to start . I'm excited about the fire works in the stadium after the game . 
The Tigers won ! YAY !! And the fireworks were amazing ! 
I feel horrible . I am hoping that I can sleep it off . I can't afford to get sick . Pray for me !! 
Hey does anyone know who the judges picked on Americas got Talent tonight ? Our recording thing stopped b4 we could see ! 
is not exactly ready for another week of camp . But never the less its here . 
I JUST WANT MY CAR FIXED . 
is not allowed to go to work . I have 2 pink eyes , to top it off I'm kinda sick . Can you tell how amazing week is so far ? 
is gettin ' ready to go on vaca tomorrow . 
is back in MI . It felt like it took forever to get back . Now I'm going to bed . Night ya'll!! 
back to school . . . yay . . . 
I have got to get a hair cut SOON . Should I get it cut shoulder length like I have had it b4 or get just a little off and continue to grow it out ? 
is watching the I Love < PROPFEMALE > marathon and lovin it . 
in class . Always in class . 
Wish heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again . I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories & a picture in a frame . Your memory is a .. keepsake from .. which I'll never part . God has you in his arms .. I have you in my heart ~ Re-post if you love someone in heaven ! Miss you < PROPMALE > 
They are trying to get me to sing with a mic . I'll have to do it eventually but I don't like mic's . They are evil things . 
is going to bed so I can get up at 5:30 to go to school . 
I'm ok with driving in rain , and I'm ok with driving in the dark . . . but not driving in the dark while its raining . You can't really see the lines on the roads . I hate it . 
I'm so bored . I'm sitting in LCC waiting for Joy ot get out of class . We ride together on Tuesdays . But it saves money , I guess that is the important thing . 
Its 7:15 and i'm at work . 
Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we respond to it . 
is surrounded by a bunch of nursing student while I'm waiting for Joy to get out of class . 
is surrounded by a bunch of nursing students while I'm waiting for Joy to get out of class . 
I give up . 
I'm headed to bed . Then to breakfast and the movies in the morning . 
Are you living like God is an idea or a reality ? 
I'm starting to feel really bad . I hope I'm not getting sick again . That would be tragic . 
My tummy hurts . . . still . I wish it would just go away . 
Has anybody else noticed how crazy all of the birds have been acting ?? 
Is worried about how big this storm coming at us is supposed to be . People are saying that it is supposed to be the perfect storm . Maybe thats why all of the birds have been acting crazy . 
I just got out of class . Now I'm just waiting on Joy . For those of you that would like to know , I did not dye my hair . I guess I'm just to chicken . 
has had pretty much the WORST day ever . I just keep prayin that God gets me through it . 
We had to put down < PROPFIRST > ( my 12 year old < PROPFEMALE > retriever ) last night . I miss her sooo much !! I just couldn't stop crying , even this morning . : ( 
I have been riding in my car with the windows down and the Christmas music station up . Its < PROPFEMALE > much fun ! 
Feels rather sick to her stomach this morning . Dunno why . 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING !!!!! 
has to do alot of schoolwork today . Last couple of weeks . 
Let it snow , Let it snow , Let it snow ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Claus is coming to town , so . . . RUN AWAY !!!!! I mean if he sees you when your sleeping , knows when your awake , and he knows if you've been good or bad , THATS SCARY !! 
Our power went out about 2 hours ago . It is horrible timing . I have so much schoolwork to do . My final is on tuesday . Sad day . 
I am SOOO ready to get my power back on . I had to come up to < PROPMALE > Evans to do schoolwork . Not fun . I feel helpless . :*( 
is planning on waking up at 2:30 am to watch the lunar eclipse . First time it has happened on the winter solstice in over 450 years . Looking forward to it , if the weather permits . :D 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !! What is one tradition that you do every year ? 
If I keep my eyes on Jesus I can walk on water . 
Thank-You everyone for the birthday wishes . I had a great day with friends and family . I am lucky to have so many people that care for me in my life . God has really blessed me ! 
So my dentist told me to get an electric Oral-B tooth brush , and I just found out that those things are like $100 at Walmart . No thanks , I think I'll just brush harder ! 
It's snowing AGAIN in Michigan . 
We're off to a clean start ! Lol 
We're off to a clean start on this road trip ! 
10 < PROPMALE > into Ohio and already seen 3 cops . 
10 < PROPMALE > into Ohio and already seen 3 cops . Don't you love Ohio ! 
Leaving Chick-fil-a . My turn to drive ! 
In < PROPFEMALE > now , having an amazing time with my cousin < PROPFIRST > . 
On the road again . Just left Lynchburg , now heading to North < PROPFEMALE > . 
We just got to our grandparents house in North < PROPFEMALE > . Yay ! 
Driving to meet with our cousin < PROPFEMALE > . Looking forward to seeing her again . 
I had such an AMAZING day with family . 
I'm packing up once again . Leaving North < PROPFEMALE > for Flordia in the morning . :D 
We are in FLORDIA !! 
On our way to the ship . < PROPFEMALE > excited ! 
Hey . Guess who is back in port . Just waiting for the OK to get off . 
Just got back home after leaving yesterday mid morning . Its like six am and i'm going to bed now . 
< PROPFEMALE > , we aren't in Kansas any more . Talk about a weather shock . Its freezing up here . Where did the sun go ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Rioux is an amazing best friend . . . and I miss her tons !! 
Just watching < PROPMALE > . Love this show !! 
Our TV was acting out , so I called the Pioneer TV help line yesterday , and waited on the phone for about 30 minutes for them to tell me that there is something wrong with our TV . 
Describe me in one word . 
Duct tape is like the force . It has a light and a dark side , and it holds the world together . 
