loves to take care of swords 

is writing a book . 
fells like he's in a fire . =-( 
is working on a song 
I manged to give out a gospel tract at Carowinds . I just hope he took the time to read it and hopefully get saved . 
Today is my oldest brother's ( < PROPMALE > ) birthday . 
I have to be nice to my brother today . =-( 
< PROPFEMALE > Point today 
is sunburnt , can't move my shoulders . 
Its my birthday . 
My dagger is finished . 
home alone , bored 
has blackberries growing around his house . 
my mom is overly upset . 
My brother is being kicked out . 
I have a doctor's appointment tomorrow . Why me ? 
can't wait for camp next week 
fell and scraped his arm 
camp tommorrow 
is back from camp 
has decided that if he doesn't outgrow the keinbox by the end of the school year he will get surgery on it . 
has been having a confusing year and made a big mistake by trying to get rid of one of his best friends . 
Praying < PROPFIRST > will heal quickly 
is worried about < PROPFIRST > , shes blaming and beating herself up 
is watching Gundam Wing 
is going to Sapporo soon 
went to < PROPFEMALE > Hollow at Hiddenite today . 
Christ's love went as far as to endure torment beyond our imagination just so we wouldn't have . He carried the cross to Calvary so He could < PROPFEMALE > us to heaven . He died on the cross so we wouldn't have to suffer the eternal death . During that whole time , He could've decided to do otherwise . Christ's love is infinite . 
Ben-Hur is a good movie 
I hate riding the school < PROPFIRST > 
I jammed my finger 
is pooped after the wedding rehearsal dinner tonight ( yesterday if u want to be picky ) . 
went to the Renold's House and then went to a familyfriend's house for a cookout . 
is writing a poem and hoping to get it published . 
' s brother won't take him to school 
hasn't been able to find his phone 
X in Greek is Christ , so when people say X-mas they're saying the 1st part in Greek . 
I think that red dye gave my hair a redish tint 
i wish my wrist wasnt white . :( 
Looking at replica double-edged katanas 
bored and confused 
This is a weird feeling 
why can't i get this feeling out of my head . 
y cant i get her out of my head 
Why is it so hard for me to tlk to people 
< PROPFEMALE > painted my pinkies pink 
Getting baptized on December 20 . 
Are you a Christian or an American ? 
Christmas is not about getting or giving . Christmas is about the birth of Christ . When we celbrate Christmas , it shouldn't be for getting presents , it should be for the birth of Christ the Savior . 
??? d ? no ? o ? uo sI ?? ?? s ? d pu ? ? do ? ' s ?? s s ?!? ???? ? no ?? n ? I ? o ? ?? nou ? ???? s ??? no ? ? I . 
Just got home fromWalmart ! THERES WAS A TON OF TRAFFIC !!!! but I'm glad theres snow , i can dump down my brother's shirt . 
My dad's here for Christmas . :) 
Is Mr Crosby Weird ? 
has had a unique day today 
got baptized tonight 
Avatar is awesome . I wish I was a Na ' < PROPFEMALE > . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas 
I got a sword , a camera , 2 ds games ( Chrono Trigger and Kingdom hearts 358/2 days ) , the kindgom hearts strategy guide , and 100 dollars . 
My house is noisy cuz of improvements bein done to it 
Copyy this into your statuss and see what people ratee you ... 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Weird . 7 : Moody . 8 : Dumb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Beautiful . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Tough . 17 : Cute . 18 : BF/GF Type . 19 : Player . 20 : The Best .. now choose one for me 
Happy New Years everyone ! Lets make 2011 a year we will never forget . Serve the Lord with all your heart . 
note to self , be careful not to cut your finger when you oil your sword 
I enjoy going out on Fishing for Men trips , today I learned how to share my testimony while giving out a Gospel tract . Its going to be a whole lot more nerve racking when I do it for real , but God will give me confidence . I can't wait for the first Friday of February , March , April , May , etc . I love Fishing for men . 
My heart feels like it is broken into a million pieces never to be put back together . 
I won a contest . I got 2 movie tickets and a gift card 
It's time to show the world that more of us support our troops than don't! If you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour ! And if you don't stand behind our troops , then please feel free to stand in front them !! 
< PROPFIRST > tried to scratch my arm off . R all girls like that when you try to take something out of their hands ? 
is working on a new wooden sword 
great , my phone is dead and the charger is broken . 
If i were to die tonight , how would you feel ? 
Im not going to school tomorrow so I can play the new game Im getting 
just got a new phone 
If we were going by the Bibles dress code , guys would be wearing skirts , and girls would be wearing pants . and no , im not joking . 
My hands hurt now 
Everything I do always seems to blow up in my face . 
to Sapporo's steakhouse 
What should I do ? 
Somedays , I glad to be alive , and others , I wish I never existed . Some people , I'm glad to have met , and others , I wish they would get a life . When I get rid of a friend , I don't do it right away . I wait to see a response or reaction , then I make my final decision . When I do get rid of a friend , that is one of the times when I wish I never existed . 
is varnishing a stump for a garden 
Had a power outage that fried the house's main computers . Went to Tennessea tuesday and came back thursday . Went to the Bush's Best visitor center while I was there and went gem mining on the way back . Got a good size < PROPFEMALE > now . 
had fun at UNC < PROPFEMALE > . Passed out flyers for a Bible Study Fellowship group there . < PROPMALE > went to but he didn't do much but complain about the shade disappearing . I'm also happy that I didn't have to go to school today . 
Life is always full of uncertainties . One thing I'm certain of is that Jesus Christ died on the cross so that we can go to heaven . Never get rid of a friend who sticks by you through thick and thin because you may end up regretting it . Even then you must walk with the Lord , and he will work everything out in time . 
Therefore , seeing we are compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses , let us lay aside every weight and the sin which doth so easily beset us , and let us run with < PROPFEMALE > the race that is set before us . ( Hebrews 12:1 ) But those who wait on the Lord shall renew their strength , they shall rise on wings like eagles , they shall run and not grow weary , they shall walk and not grow faint . ( < PROPMALE > 40:31 ) 
Me and my Mom were driving home from a jewelry party and found a dog in the middle of the road . Someone named < PROPFEMALE > called the police and we stayed til animal control came . 
I wish I could tell her sorry 
I hate being sick . :( 
Got a baby < PROPMALE > Shepherd . 
I wish there was another week off and the exams were on the last we were at school in December . :( 
