Wow , at a stoplight and a squirrel crosses the street on the crosswalk 

Wow , pirate English is so much better than US English . Arrr , This be pleasin ' to me eyes 
has resorted to covering his mug with a napkin so the ceiling doesn't fall into it 
Ergh ! I spend like every day making sure it isn't a street sweeping day except the day they do street sweeping 
has unfortunately had to revert back to English ( US ) . I don't think screenshots of facebook in English ( Pirate ) would bold well in presentations 
Thanks for the birthday wishes ! I have been given the wonderful gift of all day meetings ! 
can't believe his own cousin would rather run around in circles in Dalaran than to add me as a facebook friend 
my coworkers think i should watch Office Space , is that a good investment of my time ? 
apparently has a lot of spit . My mouth was just salivating eating some jalapeno chips , and out sprayed a whole bunch of saliva over my laptop keyboard . I wonder what IT would think if it started short circuiting 
what a stupid system , enter my license plate to pay a parking ticket , but only enter one number for each letter , no , I do not want to pay the ticket for the car 4VZS321 when my car is 4VXP321 <><> 
wonders what the girl equivalent is to a whole bunch of guys talking about the UFC 
Totally looking forward to this service project : bottle feeding baby sea lions 
can't stand people who smoke in front of kids , especially their own . 
Random Childhood Memory : Making Jello out of Minute Maid Orange Juice from Concentrate . The trigger : Thinking about encasing my boss's stapler in Jello 
You can check out the game here : http://apps.facebook.com/ticktockgame 
???? ????? ?????? 
for the first time listened to all of Verdi's Requiem . What an amazing piece ! 
Yay for no < PROPMALE > Strike ! 
is back from Blizzcon ! what a fun time , I'll post pictures later 
Today must be run over < PROPMALE > day . 1st Crosswalk : 1st car stops for me but 2nd car is on her cellphone doesn't see pass the first one and slams on the break just barely in time . 2nd Crosswalk : Car turning right , only looks left , and sees me last minute and swerves around me . 3rd Crosswalk : Car runs red light , totally ignoring that people are crossing the street . Despite that , I still J-walk the last crosswalk . 
Don't you hate it when you go to drink water , and there's a huge fly drowning in your water ? Today is not my day ... 
I'll be in Seattle for PAX for the whole weekend , call me if you want to do something ( Monday will be my free-est day as PAX doesn't go onto Monday ) 
really hates it when the bag of chips you buy from a vending machine is expired . ( the date was illegible from a bag wrinkle ) 
Finally watched Dr Horrible's singalong blog , Wow ! 
Why is it whenever i give plenty of my time to get to < PROPMALE > the train is late , and the times I'm 1 minute late , the train is early ... 
To all those in favor of the dislike button : Do you really want people disliking everything you post ? I can understand a ' I feel sympathy ' button or an ' I'm sorry ' button , but how often do you comment , ' I hate the thing you posted and wish you didn't share that ' . If people disliked things you posted , would that encourage you to post more things ? 
Weird revelation i just had , lol , if you already didn't know , I don't know how to type , but what people associate with finger-pecking is looking for the keys , I have a variation of that , I exactly know where all the keys are , I just don't ever associate the same key to the same finger , so need to look at where my fingers are going , since i don't necessarily use the same fingers to type the same key . 
What game to play , what game to play ? So many good ones ... How am I going to squeeze time to play these and finish my Torchlight Mod ... 
I'm still amazed how Beaujolais Nouveau Day came into existance . No complaints for more holidays at work . 
hmm , the problem with buying a 500 count daily multivitamins costco pack for just myself : They expire before 500 days . 
To all of my Everett/Seattle Friends and Family , I'll be home tomorrow until < PROPFIRST > 3rd , hit me up ! 
I'm going to miss being able to see the Mountains , back to SF tonight 
If you have a huge gigantic umbrella , and are short , please don't stand in the middle of a sidewalk when hordes of people are walking to work . Thanks . 
Really wishes there was a thought extraction device . Takes too long to communicate all my ideas out on paper . 
I enjoyed reading this line today : A statue of a bear in a city park is not better if it's so lifelike that it starts eating people 
Corn nuts breath x 1000 + cheap deodorant smell x 500 = agony x 5 ft^2 on < PROPMALE > 
Dreams are interesting . I was dreaming about a violinist , but when i heard her play something impossible on the violin , it turned into a synthesizer on the \strings\ " setting " 
dang it , no , I do not want to see Gold Farmers advertising on my facebook < PROPFEMALE > . The joys of targeted advertising ... 
Spontaneous sweating is an interesting feeling . Especially when it turns out water is leaking from your glass on your desk , and dripping all over you in random places . 
Thank you for all the birthday wishes ! 
Any Utah peeps interested in joining me while I explore < PROPFEMALE > square and SLC between 1:00 pm - 6:00 pm Saturday ? 
I really hate how delayed trains are a double penalty when you transfer , yay for 30 minutes of wasted time 
