i really want some squid , yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmyyy 

I wish that life would just stop and slow down for a little bit 
today is a sad day 2 celebrities have died < PROPFEMALE > Fawcett and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
not cool , i am definitely living past 51 . 
Yay , i might finally be getting a job , woo hoo !!!!! 
It is too frigging hot 
can't wait until fall when it is cool and not so dang hot 
mom is kicking me off , gotta go bye bye 
got scheduled for classes at college today , it will be english comp 2 , intro to lit , and math 91 which is elementary algebra- fun fun fun !!!! 
I am so tired , I need sleep !!! 
I need a new book to read , of course I need money first . Can't wait for college to start I am so bored . 
wants to put pics up but her sister ate up all the messaging money on the phone plan texting her boyfriend . 
Life is so awesome 
If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , POST A COMMENT with a memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you . 
Does anybody know of any jobs that I could get , I really need one . 
Can't wait till the apartment inspection is over with . 
had fun at lunch today , mole is awesome . 
needs to go school shopping 
needs to go to bed earlier than 12:30 in the morning so she can be ready when college starts 
is so tired but is waiting for her parents to get home so she can unlock the door for them 
has hit the loopy part of being tired-i wish my parents would hurry up and get home so i can go to sleep 
is making chocolate butterscotch brownies for a picnic tomorrow . yummy :) 
is getting her hair dyed auburn today 
Is really tired 
is extremely bored 
my aunts staying the night and shes drunk and funny , woo-hoo , ( With the greatest sarcasm ) 
is tired 
Time for bed night , night 
is bored 
is bored , why can't school start sooner 
Woo-hoo school has started , now to get through the week ! 
is coughing out her lungs , ouchy 
coughing hurts so much , i hate it 
feels pukey 
has to go do homework 
I'm tired of writing about literature and movies . Wierd how even when i don't mean it to English class sneaks into my life , I can't even craft a sentence without having my English textbook name in it . AAAAHHHHH !!!!! I need a large break from analyzing literature , I only wish it were that easy . 
Happy Birthday Miky 
is so bored 
¿Mi Grandpa está muriendo , qué yo hace ? Voy a ver que lo este fin de semana y yo asustan . I love spanish translators , especially the one microsoft word uses . leave comments if you understand what it says , if you don't you may ask me . 
life is sucky right now 
research paper finally done woohoo 
only one more final o go then im done for the quarter yay 
time to cook , yay 
ugh , mom and < PROPFIRST > r arguing 
woohoo finals r over , no school till january 4th , woohoo 
ugh my stomach feels weird 
follow me on twitter @kmd180 
follow @KMD180 
hey everybody guess what I got a 3.5 in both my english classes , and I got a 3.0 in math . Pllus I got on te Vice President's Honor Roll . Isn't that awesome 
ugh 
its time to get off the internet , i have exhausted my brain and it is late , not only that but i have a book i need to read , so night night to those who are online at this time of night 
I can't wait till Christmas , it is going to be so fun . Wooooooo-Hoooooooo 
one of my cats went missing 
old christmas cartoons are awesome , woo-hoo . get to see the miser brothers and isle of misfit toys . awesome 
had to dye miky's hair today and i broke my parents shower 
school tomorrow , yay 
ugh , i need a break , weekend is coming , yayay 
im tired 
school is slowly sucking away my social life , soon i will be only interacting with other students and books , oh how fun my life is 
i wish i could skip school tomorrow 
tgif 
i dont want to go back to school 
owey i got my hand burnt frying up chicken , it hurts 
My bday is on the thursday after this coming thursday , and I have an 11-hr school day on my bday . ugh . 
can i go to sleep ? No I am at school until 8:00 at night , man I just love this 
could somebody tell me what celebrity i look like so i can participate in doppelganger week . I would appreciate it very much :) 
I turn 19 tomorrow woo-hooo 
woo-hooo homework 
owey , i hurt like i just fell off a truck , karate hurts 
woo-hoo four day weekend 
owey , karate hurts 
signed up for classes today , all the good times for science were already closed , so I am taking American Lit ., Intro to philosophy , and General Psych ., woo-hoo . 
Happy b-day to my baby cousin who was born at like 3 o'clock this morning , I love you baby < PROPFIRST > !!! 
dang it , fox cancelled my favorite show on tv right now , past life 
english got cancelled today 
the projector in my english class got stolen , who would do such a thing ? 
LOL ....? (?????) ? Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness ...... 93% won't Copy and Paste this , will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
I have to download software to watch a movie for english 
I actually do read each one of my posts ... never doubt that I care for you greatly . I am not only glad to count you as family , but also glad to count you as friend ... I care for all of you !!! Let's see who in my Friends List actually pays attention . Copy and repost this as your status . Let's see who the true friends are !... 
wish me luc kon my math test 
im hungry 
I am bored 
My allergies are acting up super bad today 
is ready to go home , but still has over 2 1/2 hours left in school 
Homework should die > ( 
Todays game - PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence ... Spokane , Washington-totally not where I would have chosen to be born , I prefer Chewelah , WA personally . 
hmmm 
General Biology Final today 
woo-hoo im done with my bio final !!!! 
My math final is done , yay , only one more final to go !!! 
I bombed my math final , but I still passed the class with a 2.0 . I have to retake the class in the fall though because I need a 2.5 in it 
My grades for the quarter are a 3.1 in Bio 160 , a 3.9 in English 220 , a 2.0 on math 92 , and a 3.5 in karate . 
School starts again on monday 
Mis Abuelos casa es increible . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > day April 29th 
Allergies suck 
I have a date on Saturday :) 
i miss my mommy :( 
72% on psych final , not that great :( 
Facebook is at it again . Go to the top right of your screen , click Account , then click Edit Friends . Go to the left side of your screen , click Phonebook . Everyone's phone # is being published . Please repost to let your friends know of this change in security so they may remove their phone # or change their privacy sett ... ings . They can go back and delete their < PROPFIRST > off of their < PROPFEMALE > 
MUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA 
I hate adware 
How many of you personally know all the people of your friends list ? Welll , here is a task for you . I want everyone on my friends list to comment on this status stating how we met . I mean our first encounter ever . ( BE NICE)Then , repost this as your own status and see what kind of results you get . You'll be amazed ! 
FOR\ 
24 HOURS you can ask me one question ( only in my inbox ) . I will \ 
answer no matter what . You have my full honesty , but I dare you to \ 
put this as your status and see what kind of question you get ! 
Hello everyone . Look at your status , now back to mine , now back to yours , now back to mine . Sadly , yours isn't mine . But if you stopped posting about other things and made this your status , yours could be like mine . Look down , back up . Where are you ? You're on Facebook , reading the status your status could be . I'm on a computer . 
ugh , that is all i can say , ugh 
Let's\ 
see who is paying attention . Every single one of you are on my friends \ 
list , as a result of a conscious decision . I wanted you there ! I am not \ 
only glad to count you as friends , but also as family . Let's see who on \ 
my friends ' list actually pays attention . Copy & paste this as your status . I'll be watching to see who really is I ... < PROPFEMALE > family \ 
& friendships . Thank you for being part of my life ! 
Sewing up rips in a comforter is not an easy task , especially when the rips are like a foot long and there are two of them . 
Dude , the school's computers have Windows 7 . AWESOME ! 
No hablo ingles . Lo siento . Tu hablas espanol ? 
Blah . That is all . 
R.I.P. Grandpa Rancourt , you will be sorely missed by all who knew you , you were a great Grandpa . 
Memo to self : Must get Psych Homework done tonight ! 
Oh Tuesdays . How I love your long school days and hunger pangs . -sigh- 
ugh , I am just tired , I think i need to sleep for like 3 days . If only I didn't have school . 
I'm going to totally ace my math test today , this test is going DOWN , :) 
needs to go to bed 
As of right now , I have an 88.6% in Psych 210 , a 94.47% in Math 92 , and a 97.7% in Spanish 121 . Yay for me ! 
Jalapenos , Serranos , and Habaneros , oh my ! 
Mikayla < PROPMALE > turns 16 tomorrow , everybody go put things on her wall ! 
is about to fall asleep because of Nyquil 
Woo-Hoo , One class today ! Then I am coming home and sleeping . 
No math class today , woo-hoo ! 
I'm hungry ! 
Be ready Spokanites ! The snow is coming , in fact according to KHQ it might be coming Thursday . Get your shovels ready !! 
on't click on my previous status , it isn't real I checked , they just want you to do a quiz thing and do an offer thing or whatever , so yeah . 
I want cheese ! 
I am tired , considering skipping Yoga today , especially since I totally spaced this morning and put on clothes that are kind of hard to do Yoga in . -sigh- 
RAWR 
Virus spreading like wildfire on Fb and My Space ! It is a trojan worm called koobface . It will steal your info , invade your system and shut it down ! DO NOT open the link Barack Obama < PROPMALE > Scandal ! If SmartGirl15 requests you as a friend , don't accept it ; it is a virus . If somebody on your list adds her , you get the virus too ...! Please copy and paste to your wall . Confirmed on SNOPES .. please pass it on 
making apple pie today 
I hate my winter cough it sucks 
Mmm . Bubble-gum Soda 
blah ! 
Oh the weather in Spokane is frightful and cold !! 
ugh chest cold 
All Community Colleges of Spokane campuses are closed today due to snow . Yay ! Not to mention both Spokane SD and Mead SD , and a bunch of others ranging from places in Idaho to counties close by to Spokane . Geez , this was a big snow storm . 
Blueberry 
I am so bored 
Night Night world 
I can almost hit a good sounding C6 , it is off by some cents , but it is getting there ! \ 
I can at least recognize what it sounds like and how to make it , though my voice does like to drop down to B5 , but yeah . i almost have C6 ! 
Wrist braces are a pain in the rear . 
It's Friday . YAY ! 
Has a personal reason for asking if everyone could put this as their status for 1 hour . I'm pretty sure I know the ones that will . Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for 1 hour . To honor those who have fought or are fighting cancer . Hope to see it in your status soon . RIP ? Grandpa . 
School is boring . 
As of right now I have a 4.0 in my Business Grammar class . Hopefully I do well on the test today so it stays there . 
ugh , sore throat and my voice is gone 
Today is the last day of finals week , then I'm off for the summer . Yippeeee ! 
I just opened two cans with a hammer and a knife ! 
:) boo spuods ?? o ?? ?? s o ? ? u ?????? ? q ???? I ? haha sn ??? s ? no ? o ? ?? s ? d pu ? ? do ? ‘s ??? p ??? u ?? no ? ? I -- ? sod I ???? o ? uo ?? u ???? ?? d spu ???? ?? ? o ? u ?? ? oH 
