\Hurry ! Go hide and I'll come and throw rocks at you ! \"- my dad :P " 

Be tht dace you make every time I do something stupid 
Hangin out with < PROPMALE > and maby my dad latter . Txt it 
Board . Idk wht I'm going to do tommarow , I might just sleep :P but I'll probaly find something to do 
Hmm < PROPFEMALE > can't < PROPFEMALE > tommarow :/ thts sucks big ones 
Tonight was probaly the worst night of my life :/ I hate myife right now .. 
gona skate in a little bit , feelin a little bit better :P 
lol i feel preaty good right now :P anybody wana skate ? 
lol hmmmmmm old habbits with < PROPMALE > , or i could get high of life by my self ... lol idc :P 
lol saw this awsome dog just walkin around and chillin . it was a crazy day 
who unpluges the frikin tv ?!? like , really ? wtf ? 
had the stupiedist dream last night ... im < PROPFEMALE > confused , i know tht would nvr happen . i wouldnt let it 
lol might just sleep in today , cuz right now lifes kinda suckin 
well i can honestly say im preaty much over it :P 
lol found out i have a great new friend :P 
y is it , tht at any givein time , ther are at least two people pissed off at me for no good reason ? 
just chillin with < PROPMALE > today . goin to the movies tommarow :P 
lol lost my phone :P 
I feel like I've preatty much lost everything at this point ... 
I actualy wana just walk away from everything right now , just go find some hole to rot in ... I wana just die right now ... 
I wish the storm was still here .. It took my mind off all this crap 
Lol \wht do you mean ? An african or Europen swallow ? \"" 
y dosnt anything make me happy anymore . I try to talk to other people , but ther just not you .. 
fml . i cant sleep for shit any more 
Someone should txt me . I need to take my mind off all this crap 
Great . Seems like I fuck everything up for somereason .. 
fuck you 
lol im feeling much better now :P 
Lol j might go get waged latter :P help me forget about the dreams 
Lol well she helped a little I think (: I still don't know wht they mean though :P I'm glad I had someone to talk to about it 
Lol ewwww :pp tht fat stalker chick is txtting me :(( 
i feel like such an idiot .. y do i hav to say things like tht when i know she dosent feel the same .. 
y do i allways want wht i can nvr hav .. idk . im going to bed txt/call me i guess 
i cant sleep :(( 
hmm im soooooooo boad :/ 
errrrrr go away fat stalker chick , im not txting u :P 
anyone wana talk other then creappy fat chick :/ 
ugh ..... some one kill me please .... itll take her off my mind , and the fat chick wouldnt stalk me any more .. 
y cant i sleep 
fuck my life .... i just wana die ... maby then ill get to see asain agean .. tell him good-bye like i nvr got to do .... 
im glad your still my friend . i cant wait to see asians grave . i might finaly get to say good bye to him :] and im glad your still my best friend < PROPFEMALE > [: 
\The Day is Mine\ " finally has ther first song . I finally hav a reason to scream in a band agean :P it give my abs something to do " 
tonights dream was worse ... diffrent at least .. but still worse .... :/ 
i wana go skate with asain agean ... i feel like its my fault for somereason ... stupied dreams ... make me contimplate suicede sometimes .. 
god damit . first the night mares keep me from going to sleep . now im throwing up every wear :/ today is not a good day 
at least i still have my friedns :] < PROPFEMALE > who wants to talk about random crap :P 
lol well today should b an okay day . im not feeling sick any more so thts good . and i might go < PROPFEMALE > out with people :P maby < PROPMALE > if hes not doing anything 
lol im in a good mood . txt/call/chat :P i hope your back starts feeling better kid-o :) 
im having an okay day . just chillaxin :P txt it 
y ia it so easy to write a song affter you figuer out the first verse :P its crazy 
idc wht you say :p charazard is stilll badass 
lol im tierd :P im gona go work out , then eat something . peace 
lol great friends , magic tricks , music , and wht ever randim crap happens in front of the camera :P the store of my life (: gald i got to < PROPFEMALE > with you today ;) maby well < PROPFEMALE > out agean sometime :P 
lol me , some good friends , and a bottel full of shine . the perfect day 
lol drunk chicks do the crayzist things :P 
well arnt i the worst person ever . 
i hate when peolple think i get mad at them just because i start to ues reall words insteand of txt talk . 
sorry < PROPMALE > .. not even stupied drunk chicks can make me happy right now :/ 
god ... now the fat chicks txtting me agena . im not sure she gets the hint :P well dylans words of wisdom made me feel better . to bad he didnt finish wht he was saying ... 
hmmmm ... im soooo confused .... if dylin 
Hmmmmm .. I'm sooo confused .. If wht dylans said is true ... then y are tungsten the way they are .. 
Hmmm .. Wht should I do ..? 
Talking to an old friend :) :P 
lol i like talkin to people :P it fun (: 
lol yayy for friends :) 
lol to day was crazy :P 
Lalalalalalalalalalalalala :) happy 
Lol it's amazing out side :D 
Lol my moms going to a party latter and she's allready drinking :P lol I love my mom 
Lol I hate trimming my hair in the back :P I can nvr see wht I'm doing 
In order to do good , you actualy hav to try doing something . -- dude on tv 
Lol aparently I'm really sweet :) lol thanks , tht makes me feel good ((: 
lol this is y I'm < PROPFEMALE > good at slight of hand :P thers no such thing as are card game at my house , wher people arnt cheatting :P 
Lol my friends are the shit XD they do the stupiedist and most random crap ever :P 
A man is only as fath as his options . -chris rock . :P 
Men tell the most lies . Wemon tell the biggist lies- < PROPFEMALE > rock :P 
Omg I hate lightning when it'd really closed :(( 
Lol who do you think are the bigist liers ? Men ? Or Women ? Lol tell me wht you think and I'll tell you the actual answer . :P 
Errrr :/ I hate being sick . Every time Im suposed to do something I get sick :( this summer sucks :P 
OMG :DD invader zim is starting back on monday !!!!! Yayayaa :D 
\Fall in love or fall in hate\ 
Haha dispute being sick and missing a party , today was actualy a preatty good day :) 
I love how I gorw a bear exactlly the way I like :P I don't hav to trim it or anything :D 
I hate knowing a girls crying :/ 
Haha me and my dad hav matching goat-t's :p happy fathers day pop's :) 
11:11 people :P time to make a wish 
I hate when u hav super weired dreams about someone you like a lot :P 
Y is tht no matter how late I'm up talking to someone , jways wake up at 8:45 :/ it's really weird 
it penutbutter jelly time xD 
Talkin to an great girl and a great friend to whom I forgot to wish happy birth day today xP 
Lol I love talkin to Bri :P she awsome :D 
haha im board :P whos wants to < PROPFEMALE > out today ? 
my stomic hirts :// i feel so bleh today 
lol y wont 4 come faster :ppp i wana talk to her now :) i dont wana wait for her to get off work :P 
im gona take a nap ... i dont feel very good .... 
im board :/ cant sleep 
lol :P someone should txt me :/ my head hurts 
i wish i had a pet kangaroo , just so it could kick people in the face for me XD 
there is nothing darker then the shadow of one's owne soul 
im board :P 
new futerama tommarow night xD hellz yes 
lol im so fuckin conffused right now xD someone txt me :P 
yayy :D got the lap talk back :P 
hahah xD i love hulu :P 
god , im do fuckin board :// 
lol makin lunch :D yummy 
lol im tired :P 
hah im board :D :/ 
lol i hate how i shave , and the nxt day i already have stuble :/ haha txt me :P 
haha im < PROPFEMALE > board :P yayyy 
haha i love my great friends :DD they allways know just how to make my day :PP 
haha :PP im super board . but hair looks sick today :D ( no home'o ) 
haha chicken :P yummy 
Haha my sisters hav my labtop :P I hate facebook moble , so if you need to talk jus txt me xD (: if you need the Buber ask ur friends xD 
Haha I'm board :P I want my labtop back :/ 
haha :D \labtop\ " laptop\ " idc :P im just happy i got it back :DD " 
Omg I feel like shit D: I hate those fuckin crap :// 
hmm today sucks so far :// 
lol i need a hug :PP 
haha im board :pp and thts tht way i like to spell it , she knows who im talking too :PP 
haha im bored :PP 
haha xD storms are crazy :PP 
lol the people i was txtin feel asleep xDD now im bored :/ haha :PP 
haha xD i love adult swim 
haha :PP going to parkers latter , then going to the fair tommarow xDD its gone b awsome , and hopefully , ill get to see her (: 
Haha xD going to the fair tommarow wth < PROPMALE > , and I'll get to see her (: tommarow is going to b fuckin awsome . 
goin to the fair later :P gona b fun 
Haha today was preatty awsome :D < PROPMALE > out woh Bri and < PROPMALE > at the fair (: 
lol today was awsome xD im a little tiered now though :PP 
lol fuckmylife 
I hav a killer head ach and my stomic I'd killin me :/ and I feel whorable ): 
haha xDD 
the reason santas so happy , is cuz he know were all the bad girls live 
lol todays lookin to b preatty gnarly :P gona grill out , then go to a movie with my pops , then big ass fire works xDD hellz yeah 
awww no movie :P 
haha xD i love my life right now . it fuckin amazing (: 
haha xD had an epic day , i actually got to skate :DD im supper pumped for getting back in the sceane and some comp's agean this year xDD 
omg worst dream ever . i woke up paniced just know ://// 
lol i just realized how < PROPFEMALE > origanal all the things me and my friends say are . xD god were lame :PP 
haha xD i miss blunt slides 
i hate whn i cant get to sleep and the only people online are the people you dont want to talk too xD 
watching invader zim xDDDD 
Haha xDD omg !! Cat-dog came on !!! 
haha tht feeling you get whn you realize how stupied someone really is xD 
having a great morning (: txtin her 
lolz I'm really board :/ 
bless the fall = amazing xD 
Lol hav an awsome morning :D 
I need more people to txt xD :P 
Lol :P I'm watching dragon ball Z . I feel like I'm 8 agean but I love it xD 
I really hate stupied people . They nvr look at the whole picture 
only with you , whts left of me is yours to keep . whts left of me is yours . :P 
i love ramen noddles xD 
lol having a great night :DD she feel asleep talkin to ke xD lol (: I love my babygirl 
I'm sleepy :P 
im boared :P txt me . 
OH IM DROWNING , IM DROWNING , IM DROWNING ! FORGIVE ME ( OH ) FROGIVE ME , FORGIVE ME ! lol great song 
lol i love talking to her (: we allways find something reandom to talk about :P 
lol im laying in a chair watching dissny chanal cuz im to lazy to find the remote :P holy carp im cool (: 
lol im board xD who wants to talk to me ? (: 
i love whn lots of people talk to me at the same time :DD it makes me feel special :P 
paging docter fagit \ i should probally go .. \ " tht would b a good idea docter fagit . " 
lol shes one of the few things tht actually make me happy (: 
is excited cuz he might get to see her tommarow ((: 
lol why is chocholate soooooooo dam good xD 
it needs to be tommarow already :DD im so dam excited !! 
i miss how me and my friends would sit around the living room with with 24-pack of cheep beer , and play qurters allnight just sharing stories about the stupied stuff we did tht day :P 
hmmm im wonder if i should get my lip peirced :P wth do you guys think xD 
dam :P my baby feel asleep on me . lol its kinda cute (: 
i hav the world most randome head ach right now :// its horable 
lol i like talking to my friend from foirt campbell they allways seem to know exactlly wht i mean xD 
i wana see the scorcers apprentice xD soooo bad 
i love whn lots of people talk to me on face book (: 
Lol I just realized how much I look like shagy from scooby-doo xD 
hmmmmm I feel like shit :/ I hate being sick 
chillaxin at parkers tonight and miis in my babygirl :P lolz 
lol y do people think your yelling at them if you dont put a smile face in your txt a few time ?? if im yelling at you IM GONA TXT LIKE THIS . >:( 
egughhhhhh i hate stalker chicks :// the dont know whn to go away 
I hate tht feeling you get whn you < PROPMALE > know wht to do . Its really hard to know wht do you whn ur mind and heart < PROPMALE>'t agre 
is it weired to miss someone who dosent miss you ? 
cake is yummy (: 
i want more cake :P 
for the first time in a long time my mind is blank . it feels good to think about nothing (: 
Lol everything I say sounds better in my head :P maby I should keep it there .. :P 
lol I'm board :P txt me if you got the number . if not ask for it 
I hate whn people bring stuff up and then won't tell me the whole thing . it's so anoying :/ 
its not about how you play the hand you delt . its about how you stacked the deck befor the game started 
lol wow :P i jsut realized i hav a lot of shit to make up to a lot of people xD better get started then (: 
lol im bored :P like this status and ill tell wht i like , dislike and a confession 
my phone is being gay :P 
I just wana dig a hole and lay ther .. 
I want to know ..... How many of us really know everybody on our FB friends list ? Here's a task for you : I want all my FB friends to post how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status . You will be amazed at the responses you'll get . It's interesting to see who responds and remembers . 
i am bored xD 
i feel sick :/ 
yes , she used to matter . and now she dosent . its as simple as tht . leave me alone about it 
lol sick today :P txt me 9316249588 
sooo my life sucks :/ dam .. I miss her 
lol so im preatty sure im ether going to be a bartender or a cop :P but idk 
\i see her name and i still get weak .. \ " \ " pussy\ " \ " yhanks dude ... i really appreciate tht .. \"" 
well at least i got some closesure :D and i guess thts all i need to realize i actually dont need her in my life and probbaly nvr did (: time to move on 
errr :// cant sleep 
well dam :/ i dont even think Keth would know wht to do right now :// 
had a preatty good day :D yayy for music xD 
i am sooooo bored :P txt me 
I'm board :D txt me ! 
omg xD i found a wirking NES in my attic . < PROPFIRST > is the shit ! 
i am bored xD txt me 
lol i love new shoes xD they are amazing :D 
lol i need help . i hav to chosses for color schems for my shoes :P grey/black/red or black/grey/purple . which ones should i get ? 
its better to fail in originality then succeed in inmatation 
listining to MotionlessInWhite xD 
i love my < PROPMALE > Chriss xD he allways makes sure i leave Ohio lookin freash ;) 
lol about to go skate :P txt me 
I love tht feeling I get whn ever I land a nolie laser , it's like the world gos into slow motion for a few seconds .. 
hmm got a lot on my mind right now . I need to get my life back in focus 
sittin here with m dad makin fun of me exs xD haha god :P 
lol had an awsome day with the familly :P school needs to hurry up and get here 
haha I'm sooooooooo bored :P txt me 
lol I'm bored xD Cortnie should hurry up and finish working so I hav someone to talk too (: 
if you want to talk shit thts fine with me , but dont expect me to just sit ther and take it . 
lol I hate cheaters and liars . ther worth the time any spends on them xD 
holy crap o.O the dude in this movie just got his fucking legs cut off .... 
wants to see vampiers suck and < PROPFIRST > pilgram vs the world :P 
is nto excited for school -.- 
errr jus got woken up by my little sister to kill a spider ..... WTF >:/ 
lolz well today has sucked so far , I need to get out of the house for a bit 
lol had an interesting day today . talking to Cortnie , < PROPFEMALE > and other ppl :P txt me 
So aparentlly half the ppl at school think I'm cute , or like me for some reason or another o.O really coulda used tht info last year 
had the most awkweired dream in the world last night o.O 
lol dude , itts high school . chill the fuck out 
haha xD im gona b sick tommarow . only because its tradition :P 
haha just got my hair cut :P looks like it did at the begining of last year , just a bit longer though 
having a preatty cool last day of summer :P 
not ready for school :/ 
had a preatty cool day at school :P got my fav neclace back xD but no sing of my shirt :/ 
lol im tired of all the bs . layin down . txt me 
Omg xD doritos sounds somgood right now !! 
ive been up all night playing halo , on noting but monster and 5 hour energy shots o.o it is very hard to blink 
had a really good day at school today xD was really hyper and < PROPFEMALE > better mood then i hav been in a long time :PP 
txt me cuz you love me :P ask for the number 
i think i spraned my ankle xD 
im tired , my ankle hurts like hell , my sprits arew down , and im not in a good mood anymore . do you really think i wana deal with all your bullshit drama too ? 
\destany is rearlly left up to chance \"" 
every ones gona talk shit and every ones gona hav something to say , just rember you know the diffreanc between the truth and the lies 
All of a sudin I feel really depresed about everything , lol idk why 
chillin at < PROPMALE > Mcdowell s tonight . txt me xD 
guns dont kill people .... magic missiles do :P 
bored out of my mind .. nothing to do this weekend but sleep :/ 
watchin < PROPFIRST > the movie xD really really bored 
if you want something bad enough , eventually youll get it . just not allways in the way you expected too 
just go thome , bored out of my mnd , and thers nothing in the fridge :p damn it 
lifes to short to waste your time on cheaters and liers :p 
Sittng on the bus thmmng abut how epic I am xD wooo !! 
lol just chillaxin today . txt me :P 
I hate whn ppl try to walk all over me just because I nice and dont let stuff get to me easily . It's really starting to get old 
I hate my life 
lol bored as hell sittin here txtin my budy :P to day was really slow 
haha i hate whn ppl are fake :P its really ghetto xD 
i should probbaly learn no to open my fucking mouth whn its just gona piss someone off :P i feel like shit :/ 
Lol kickin it old school :P wow thts lame xD 
about to go take a night time stroll . maby the cold air can clear my head xD 
lol its like a woke up and the world was like good morning dumb ass\ xD " 
lol kickin it on the bus :P 
I'm so confused ... :/ 
Lol half the girls I've ever dated hav turned out to b whores :p wht dose tht tell you about my taste in girls xD 
today was pretty chill I guess , school tommarow then idk .. :P 
The bus is so fucking slow ... 
up ... up , wait for it ......... fuck you :D 
I'm so bored o.O 
Whn yor down , you gota rember tht it takes 42 muscles to frown , but only 4 to reach out and randomlly bitch slap someone . 
I'm so fucking bored .... xD txt me ? 
Had an amazing day but I don't wana go back to school tommaorw :P 
Tonight I got a kitten :D he's name is Mr. Socks :3 
you never know dude 
stupied white kids xD 
the world is darkist just befor the < PROPFEMALE > ... you just have to rember , theres always somwthing to hope for .. 
dont ask me for some ones number . idc who you are or whos number you want , im just gona tell you to go fuck your self . thank you and good-bye :p 
if you stop thinking about something long enough , it begins to no longer exist .... 
like this and ill tell you wht i hate , like and a secret :P 
Sooo bored ... Txt me ? :D 
I'm bored out of my momd xD txt me ? 
I hate whn stupid little bitches ruin wht could hav been a pretty good Friday :P 
I hate Mondays :/ 
my mom thinks im reteared :P thanks mom 
getting off :P txt if u got the number . if not ask 
Q and A . :P send it to the indox 
Q : hey sexy , whn you gona let me rub tht body ? \ 
A : as soon as tht stop being creppy as hell dude .. 
<(\) this is a penguin :P its for my friend tannew and no one else can hav it >:p " 
keep asking me questions XD 
im so tired but i cant frigin sleep :/ 
dude , ppl a so fuckin weired sometimes i swear ... xD 
Reincarnation : its like taking the batteries out of an old toy , and putting them in a new one .... i didnt know the univers was so damn lazy -_- 
fml .... 
wooo feel much better :D 
i hate being sick :/ 
ba dumm .... ba dum ... ba dum .. ba dum ba dum ba dum BABADUMBADUMBADUM DA DA DA DA (^^^) NOM NOM NOM xD 
Dude , my fever just broke and it woke me up cuz I got cold o.O 
Woo bored :P txt me ? 
lol I'm really bored :p 
I'm so fuckin bored It's funny xD 
lol watching ghost hunters :P its actuaally kinda fucked up :O 
Sooooooo bored :/ 
I love how ppl like to talk shit then not back it up xD 
blahh .. 
boomerangs .. there like frisbee's for ppl with no friends :P 
Feel like crap :/ blah ... 
I hate the cold -_- 
i just cant stop smiling :) 
Sick :( not cool :/ 
i hate cows -_- 
lol bored :P 
lol got a hair cut :P kinda bored 
... 
not feeing to great :/ 
sooo booored .... lolz 
feeling pretty awsome today 
water in the snow is as fun as a swift kick in the nuts -_- 
I need to fix my fuckin laptop -_- this mobile shit sucks .. 
Really dosen wana go to school today 
today turned out better then i thought :P 
Today was dull and boring :P 
Told to get off phone and go to bed .... now laying wide awake in bed -_- 
dude if you type your pasword < PROPFEMALE > comment it comes up stars ************* <- lol xP 
soooooooooooo bored ....... 
Kinda bummed 
feeling better xP but still kinda bored :/ 
Had a pretty cool day :P 
Hahah xD totally just saw some one wipe out in the middle of the road :P it made my day 
blahhh ..... lol xD 
eatting at hardies yum xP 
Sitting in Gnomeo & < PROPFEMALE > cuz I'm a dork like tht xP 
ewwww ...... creepy fat bitch xP 
Mr. Woodcook is still the funniest movie ever xP 
today is going so slow .... 
Really really sleepy .... 
This lame ... :/ 
Watching Tosh . 0 Being really board :P txt it ? 
Today was kinda interesting :P 
Fhgkslksdjpb rkkwjpdsklskbvsskegjik xP 
School is gona blow xD 
Supper bored xD txt me ? 
sooooooo bored /: 
la la < PROPFEMALE > la la la .... 
so im a man-whore ....? 
blah ..... 
i cant wait to see scream 4 :D 
i hate fake bitchs ... 
text it ? if you need the number ask :p 
had an amazing day xD 
in a dream she came to me ... 
Today sucked .... 
today is looking to be awsome :D 
lol today is so damn warm xD txt me ? 
