is wondering when < PROPFEMALE > Hope is planning on giving up the whole stalking thing ??? That's 5 now I believe :) 

is planning on having a good day . 
Please pray . A co-worker of mine just found out her new granddaughter was born with a fatal form of Brittle Bone Disease . She has maybe 2 months to live , and won't come home from the hospital at all . The whole family needs a lot of prayer . Thanks . 
is so excited to go running for the first time since being off crutches ! Yeah ! This is going to hurt ... 
East < PROPFEMALE > Grill for lunch , homemade tamales for dinner ... it's been a VERY good day . ( If you like < PROPFEMALE > n food , this place is in Fed . Wy . and it's SO good . ) 
feels very loved . Thank you all for the birthday wishes ! 
A young boy was just hit by a school bus in front of our church/daycare . He is moving an arm , but we are hearing that the bus ran over his legs . He was on a bike , and didn't stop before going across the street . Please pray for him . Also , there were several people who saw it happen , including children waiting for the bus , so they will need prayer as well . 
is officially addicted to genealogy research . I'm back 12 generations in some lines ! We're talking early 1600's here . I'm having way too much fun with this . 
Oh , my GOSH ! Preschool < PROPFIRST>'s party ... enough said . 
is in awe of God's hand . Speechless ... 
Waiting to put the kids on the bus this morning , I ask AAli if he wants to go to the movies after school today . We talk about what movie to see . He decides on Skittles for a snack . I say I'll pick him up after school . He says , \Okay . Where are we going ? \ " I stand in silence for a moment trying to figure out how he could have misunderstood this conversation ... I had to smile ... Smiling is better than screaming . " 
is praying about how long to stay in Romania . Lots of decisions to make ... 
is reading a scary book and couldn't sleep well last night . The random phone call waking her at 3:30 am didn't help ... grrrrrr . 
finds it funny that \Shambo\ " supplies our paper products . Couldn't ask for a more cheerful delivery ! " 
Worry looks around , sorry looks back , faith looks up . 
The most painful pinch I got today came from a 4-year-old girl . Little stink- that HURT ! I had a green sticker on my jacket !!! 
Praying for < PROPFEMALE > and family . 
Seattle SOUNDERS play TOMORROW !!! Woo Hoo !!! Get your scarves up !!! 
It's a WIN !!! Gooooo SOUNDERS ! 
What a great weekend ! Drove out to the tulip fields , Rad 80's party with friends and a successful Palm Sunday musical . Busy , but oh so FUN !!! Now , I need a serious nap . 
Looking down with longing eyes , mercy must have realized once His blood was sacrificed freedom would prevail . As the sky grew dark and the earth began to shake , with justice no longer in the way , mercy came running like a prisoner set free . Past all my failures to the point of my need , when the sin that I carried was all I could see . And when I could not reach mercy , mercy came running to me ! 
Be joyful in every circumstance . 
When life gives you lemons , keep ' em cause , hey , FREE lemons ! 
Going to the Mariner's game tonight . That means .... Thai < PROPFEMALE > curry ! Nummy !!! It also means they better win this one ! 
I'M SO EXCITED !!!!!!! Less than a week till ziplining ! YAAAYYY !!!! 
needs a time-out . Well , the good news is , in all likelihood , this day can only get better ... 
2 more days to sign up for the 5K FREE THEM fun run/walk . This Saturday morning , downtown Seattle , at < PROPFEMALE > ministries . Run or walk with us to fight against human trafficking ! Sign up at www.worldconcern.org 
No , no , no ... a knight in shining armor on a white horse ... not an idiot in tin foil riding a llama ! Try try again ... 
Spent the weekend taking care of grandma in her last hours . Glad her suffering is almost at an end . She's been so brave through it all . 
Thankful for rest . What a CRAZY week . So many blessings came out of such a difficult time . I love my family ! 
Do not be anxious about anything , but in everything , by pray and petition , with thanksgiving , present your requests to God . And the peace of God , which trancends all understanding , will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus . Philippians 4:6 -7 
Anybody have a good book/DVD suggestion for a small-group women's Bible study ? 
is wearing flip-flops , in hopes of sunshine :) Things are looking promising ! 
Random : AAli and I were discussing important things last night , and we decided that if we were to ever own chickens as pets , we would name them , \Kung Pao\ " and \ " Nugget\ " . -- I love this kid . " 
Having a great time in Romania ! Busy days , wonderful new people and lots of fun ! Thanks for all the prayers and support . 
We've seen nearly 500 patients in our first 3 days of clinics ! I love being a pharmacist :) Fast-paced and very interesting . I'm learning some new Romanian as well . Tomorrow is a much-needed day off . We're headed up to the citadel tonight and then back to watch the Germany-Spain match . Time is going by so fast , I have to remember to stop and enjoy these moments . 
HOT day moving , cleaning and hauling stuff around . We climbed way up into the wooded , muddy hills of a village to bring clothes , food and other items to a gypsey family . Thought the mud would suck the shoes right off my feet ! Serious respect for people who live here and make the best of it , towing children up and down these steep mudslides every day . 
So glad < PROPMALE>'s home safe and sound from Iraq . WELCOME HOME !!! 
Fun afternoon choosing cabinetry and hardware designs for my parents ' new kitchen . So many options ... countertops and flooring are next ! 
Just purchased a ticket to Romania ! So exciting ! 
An afternoon at Barnes and < PROPMALE > does a person good . 
is off crutches ... again , with only 3 days left till Romania !! Yay ! 
13 hours of aviation bliss ... add to that airport and train , and I am finally in Sighisoara ! Yay ! Thank you God ! 
Another full day packing shoeboxes . Can't help but love it . Met with < PROPFIRST > and Relu for lunch at Laslea . Had a nice evening at the home of new friends , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . < PROPFEMALE > used to live in < PROPMALE > , so it was nice for both of us , having someone around from home . 
This had been one of the best days of my life . It was just non-stop joy from the minute my feet hit the floor ! 
Another bright , shiny day in Sighi . ;) 
Going to Hotel Transylvania for dinner ! 
We are taking a day to rest , after a very busy , very productive week ! We have distributed food/clothing packs , installed a wood-burning stove , held a women's health clinic , packed over1000 shoeboxes and loaded/unloaded countless items to give to various people/organizations . God is an amazing provider . May He be glorifed always ! 
Hospital in Sighisoara now has a zero budget . They have NOTHING . No new supplies , no medications , not even soap for the nurses to wash their hands ! The DOCTORS are making only 100 pound a month ! This is a scary reality that is spreading across Romania . Poverty is not the word for it ... this is insane . How does the government expect people to survive , especially the winter months , without a hospital ??? 
Unloaded another semi truck full of donations from N . Ireland this morning . Lots of good things . Now , after tackling a load of hand-washed laundry , it's back to shoeboxes ! 
Off to the hospital in Laslea to do some crafts with the patients . 
You Know You're In Romania When : You can get $30 back in gas taxes IF you own less than 5 pigs and 8 chickens . WHAT !? 
Loaded a truck of donations and then built a doghouse this morning ! Now we're off to Sapte Noiembre and then Soard to do outreach ministries . 
1,660 kids ' shoeboxes , 146 family boxes , 300+ adult & elderly bags ... and counting !!! 
2,300 
So excited to spend the afternoon hiking tomorrow ! Should be grand ! I can't believe the absolutely gorgeous weather we're having . 
Went hiking in the Breite < PROPMALE > . Absolutely beautiful day . Stunning views from the top ridge . Perfect weather and gorgeous sunset ! Definitly time well-spent . 
BIG scary spider with striped legs ... dead ! < PROPFEMALE > mouse in the door of the storage room ... dead ! Bug bites all over me ... 24 ! I'm done- goodnight !!! 
Just got to talk to my family on the phone . So nice to hear their voices ! Thanks , < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
Thank you , O my Father , for giving us your Son , and leaving us your Spirit till the work on earth is done . When I stand in < PROPFEMALE > , I will see His face . And there I'll serve my < PROPMALE > forever , in that holy place . 
< PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and I went out for a day of walking the town . I love exploring new places . Now , we're watching \Mama Mia ! \ " Tomorrow : MORE HIKING !!! " 
Just went on one of the best hikes ever ! 13th century castle ruins !! Amazing views , including the Fagaras Mountains in the distance . Incredible ! 
< PROPFIRST > is off to Mures , in search of a turkey and sweet potatoes . Here's hoping he finds them !! We are going to attempt a Romanian-Irish-English-American Thanksgiving ! Can you believe these people have never heard of cornbread ??? 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING !!! \Give thanks with a greatful heart . \"" 
Success ! My first Thanksgiving away from home ( and first that I cooked ) went very well . Everybody's full of turkey and stuffing . :) Lots of laughs and endless blessings . I'm thankful to God for bringing such lovely people into my life . 
Good things that come from spending 2 LONG weeks with a rude , grumpy old man : I've had a lot of practice in < PROPFEMALE > , grace and just letting a lot of things go . And now , I appreciate the peace in this house all the more ! A certain somebody is flying away home . :D 
Spent the afternoon exploring the fortified city of Medias . Saw a beautiful old < PROPMALE > church , went to a Romanian history museum and then out to dinner . 
Went to see < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFEMALE>'s new house this morning ! They built it completely on their own . < PROPFEMALE > dug the foundation herself ! They have a lot to be proud of . < PROPFIRST > was praising God this morning in church ( next to tears ) for providing shelter for his family . These are unbelievably strong people . They have asked for nothing in assistance . We would like to reward their hard work with a new cook stove for their home . 
A lot has happened today , and we're only 1/2 way through ! A house burnt all the way to the ground in Tigmandru ( they were smoking a pig in the attic !? ) , the men finished sealing up < PROPFIRST>'s new house for the winter , we did 2 ministries at the Laslea hospital and are now working on a last-minute set of gifts for a school in Mulencrav . 
Yay ! < PROPFEMALE > and Andreea are coming to Sighisoara this Friday !! :D 
Having a wonderful weekend with Andreea and < PROPFEMALE > !! :) It's snowing again ! 
Andreea is gone , and I am sad . :*( 
Shoeboxes to several schools this morning . Some of these kids are in such a bad way , they didn't even have shoes in freezing weather . Also , delivered family gift/food parcels to < PROPMALE > Cel Mare homes . A beautiful experience to help in this way . Wonderful to see little ones wrapped up warm and snuggly in new hats , scarves and blankets ! 
Delivered Christmas packages to Sapte Noiembrie . Difficult to walk through these conditions , but so glad for the opportunity to share God's love with these forgotten people . I have never been so deep into the hills of these villages- it is heartbreaking . 
We're nearly done ! Finished up all but 1 village with shoeboxes . Completely done with food parcels and family packs . 2 families will hopefully move into their new homes TOMORROW !!! Finished off a busy day with a bonfire and chicken curry . :) God is GOOD !!! I feel SO blessed . 
We need PRAYER ! 14-year-old boy is out of coma after attempting suicide . Hospital says there is no room for him , though he says he'll try again if he is taken home . The boy's father is in Germany and his mother is possessed . Pray with her , and she goes into a demonic fit . The boy needs somewhere to go , where he can be safe . 
It is a whopping 15 degrees , and dropping !!! Brrr ... My toes are cold ! 
Went up to 3 churches ( protestant and catholic ) at the citadel for an evening candle walk . We prayed and sang carols in four languages . The snow all around was beautiful ! People came from all around , to worship together , which was even more beautiful . 
Can't wait to get home , see loved ones and start feeling Christmasy ! The work here is done . It's been snowing for days on end . Dinner with friends tonight , then it's time to pack up and move out ! :) It's been such a blessing to spend the last couple of months in Romania . There's a lot to miss and even more to be thankful for . 
TIRED and very happy to be home :) 
New Windows phone !!! :D 
It was a beautiful letdown , the day I knew , that all the riches of this world would never do ... I don't belong here . 
Oh , wow . Thank you all so much for the birthday wishes !!! It's been a good day . 
What are some things God did in your life when you dared to dream , expect , listen and obey ? 
Sitting at Starbucks , drinking a FREE mocha , and brushing up on my Romanian . A good way to spend a rainy afternoon . :) 
P.F. < PROPFIRST>'s . birthday lunch !!! Yum yum ! 
I just LOVE AAli & Auntie date nights !!! He cracks me up every time ! ;) Love , love , love this kid ! 
First trip to the dentist in over 6 years , and .... no cavities !! :D Whoo ! 
