tired of being sick !!! 

Needs something to fend off the cheating women ! 
needs to play more and work less 
Kooking a fat ass fillet .... nom ... nom ... nom 
at least one representative said what everyone else in the room was thinking 
Did you just see that play ?? 
is toasted cheese sandwitches ! 
Making cookies 
uh-ooo 
No more long hair < PROPMALE > ! 
I disagree with < PROPFEMALE > Jewelers . I would bet on any given Friday or Saturday night more kisses begin with Miller Lites than < PROPFEMALE > . 
Bazanga ! 
Cant get back to sleep . Not how I wanted to start my 4 day weekend ! 
Obama's plan for NASA ... fire 7000+ employees and funnel billions of dollars into private companies so they can build something we already have . brilliant < PROPMALE > brilliant . 
I would like to thank the US goverment for spending so much of my money ..... at least my taxes are done . 
My face is sunburned from driving around all day :( 
I gotta get a break from work .... soon ! 
great day for the top to be down ! 
Bored Bored Bored 
It's good to be home after a long weekend . 
I'm happy my foot is holding out its been a while since I could log some < PROPMALE > 
Boooo kicking ass at FIFA and the damn wireless reciever went out 
Work is finally setteling down from last week 
Draft ........ beer .......... repeat ...... until I fall asleep 
How do I get nats in my car traveling 80 with the top down !?!? Man I love living in mississippi 
bored on facebook 
hooray for chik breakfast borritos 
I'm paying for taking off to many days in a row ... good thing I'm going fishing this afternoon 
Napping ....... 
headed down the bay to gig me some flounder 
I'm bored ! 
I'm feeling like a change 
No more fishing this year ! 
running ! 
shark week ! 
looking at new jobs 
snorks 
boooo ! :( my weekend will be over in 6 more days . 
thanks for the happy birthdays everyone 
Life gives us walls so we can decide to break through them or turn in a different direction . 
Im liking the new android .... so far 
Happy my car is finally clean 
Great day for the top down ! 
Sticker shocked at the price of new shoes for my car 
Hmmmm Fort Lauderdale 
Has to move his office horray ! Can't you tell im excited 
My body is not the least bit interested in going back to sleep . Looks like its going to be a long day 
Who dat baby !!! 
P90x round 2 
Don't forget to vote today 
Geeeze < PROPFIRST > horton I only took 2 months off why must you make me < PROPFEMALE > sore 
in Mobile for the alumni football thing . 
Trying to remember how to beat piston honda for < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s punchout 
Watching my grand little brother strike out at the paino bar ....... funny 
Great weekend ! Now its time to nap watch football and nap . 
Sick .... :( 
Who dat ! 
Did you know if you hold your nose closed you can't hum 
Your killing me < PROPMALE > 
Few things in life are as good as banana bread just out of the oven with some butter ...... mmmmmm 
Great game ! Who Dat ! 
Is a packers fan today 
Just bought a kinect so I can hack it and do nerdy things with it . 
If anyone knows any computer people that are experienced good and want to work at stennis space center msg me . 
I picked the wrong time of year to burn off all of my insulation . Brrrr its cold out here ! 
Who Dat ! 
Dirty bird can't fly with no wings ! 
Off till Wednesday now its time to find something to do . 
Sushi and a movie 
I hope everyone gets to work safely to work tomorrow 
Poor dirty birds maybe next year they will have a stronger schedule so we do have to see them get embarrassed in the post season . 
Banannas ! 
I don't get it . Obama wants to invest in technology yet I'm having to plan layoffs for NASA ??? 
Awesome Outside ! 
I'm bored 
P90X , Shower , Mobile .... 
When i grow up I want to be one of the course operators for wipe out . 
I maybe at the doc all day but I can enjoy the weather driving around 
Well that big lump on my ribbs turned out to be some egyptian lipids protesting the genocide I have been committing tword the fat cells on my body . 
Sore tired and ready for a long weekend 
Im going to go spend some quality time with the gulf of mexico 
Waiting out the calm before the storm 
Wow had some fun in Mississippi tonight frost in a long time 
I can't . Sleep :( 
I need mcdonalds to deliver right now . 
Packing up the car to go to mobile 
Piano bar yay ! 
Mcdonalds delivers ! Come to me my burritos I want to show you a magic trick 
75 degrees with the top down driving home listening to mumford and sons on pandora . Life is good 
< PROPFEMALE > Monday ! Cha cha xha ! 
