turnin ' my life right round one cheezy r&b song at a time . 

Checked in bout to camp it at AMWAY gotta get my < PROPFEMALE > ticket !!!! 
fails at life american idol was a bust but don't worry because I love music not reality television . Ill find my own path . 
I'm not coming to your party girl , I'm not coming to your party !!!!!! 
Sex is the world's oldest profession so why reinvent the wheel YEA prostitution for everyone !!!! 
Watching Groundhog Day < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > you and my funny bone = best friends 
< PROPMALE > Harper you and Relentless 7 make my day i got ur white lies for dark times right over here . 
I realize now that I have become socially irrelevant which is kinda a sad thing . 
wants the girl of his dreams . I''m workin on it . 
ow is it i can get everyone i don't care about to talk to me but I can't seem to get my shit together with the people who matter to me 
Ya know what scratch that 
I hate aplia it is the devil and I want to burn the entire corp to the ground and I hate econ it is the most frustrating thing in the world 
off to work fml way overscheduled myself this week 
May never work again at this rate . Thank you very much finals 
Music sets the rhythm and makes the world go round . Can i get an amen . 
\so on a scale of one to < PROPFIRST > brown how mad are you right now\ " - < PROPMALE > \ " Ima < PROPFEMALE > campbell\ " - < PROPFIRST > \ " Oh Damn\ " - < PROPMALE > " 
I'm the Inelastic Portion of the Demand Curve . Suck on that . 
Thirty friends in common does not mean we know each other , you facebook friend collectors !!! 
Is killing ones self really that bad . Because I am considering it ; Hardcore 
The first season of power rangers is in fact the best . So suck on that you non zordon worshipping pricks . That is all . 
Library time means alienation and i dig it . God bless the lack of shame 
Talk Dirty To Me World . I Like It . 
If you could bang it out with one of your facebook friends who would it be ? Message me about it everyone I'm curious as to what kinda matches I'll get . 
Here is the deal world . I lost my cell phone hopefully I will get a replacement soon , but I'm gonna need all of my < PROPFIRST > back . 
So i think being diagnosed with strep and mono is a bad thing but im not sure . 
My baby < PROPFEMALE > is gone from my life at least for now but < PROPFEMALE > needs to come to the barber with me next time to make sure I don't fuck it up . 
is deleting his facebook as soon as he gets all the < PROPFIRST > he needs so the sooner that happens the sooner i can quit this online crap . 
Its gonna be real funny when you realize that you can throw your best my way , and I'm still gonna be on top . 
must see the movie Vampires Suck . Its just like twilight and true blood except good . 
is mourning the loss of one of the greatest loves of his life . 
is trying not to mess with people . 
I'm glad we elected Obama for his ability to bring about the great change he promised ... oh wait that never happened . 
so basically what I'm learning is that advertising is a monster , but also inevitable 
note to self : don't stay logged into fb at the verizon store lest some weird people post even weirder statuses . 
is in need of a fever reduction and a dominatrix . they look pretty 
and the phone is gone ... best day ever . 
Abort the mission . the phone has been found . repeat . the phone has been found . disaster prevented . 
is trying to find a better half . 
just wants a hug . 
What I'm doing is irrelevant . At least I know but the < PROPMALE > is half the adventure . 
\She's half asian looking\ " - < PROPFEMALE > " 
wants to get it in hahahaha 
wonders if its all worth it . 
is incredibly sick ... 
Who stole my damn cell phone 
everybody message me your < PROPFIRST > so im prepared for when i get a new one 
was just informed that the goonies was rereleased on blu-ray ... oh sweet childhood come on back . 
No car . no phone . but damn i love myself ... too cocky ? 
I mean Wow ! I am way too full of myself , its hazardous . 
What do I think ? perhaps that every living person can choke on my < PROPMALE > and die ! Ok i didn't get why people would steal my busted phone , but now my textbook . WTF really what could some random person possibly want to know about accounting & law for ? I would excuse the good honest people from this list , but I'm doubting that any of you exist . 
does not in fact have two tests tmrw . the sun just started shining a little brighter . 
talkin to my baddest bitch ! best time ever 
not concerned with who you are , but hey you got style 
on a lovely combo of codeine , muscle relaxers , and nyquil ... oooohhh life is good . 
Life lesson : the economy is stimulated by spending . who spends ? those with money obviously . so taxing the wealthy at a higher rate makes sense why ? oh thats right it doesn't . 
everybody loves raymond ... its true they do or should . 
My tooth hurts so incredibly bad ima go cast away style and bash it out with a rock ... 
is it post a cartoon character as your profile pic day 
ECON can die as far as I'm concerned . Money is the root of all evil . 
Please god just tell me when life is going to start . 
Is feeling alone like a pre-requisite for my life ? 
