so sick of all the bullshit that he told me and put me through . 

happy 4th everyone 
if u play mafia wars , plz send me a request ! I am trying to grow my mafia , i accept all . 
You know the games I play and the words I say when I want my own way \ 
You know the lies I tell when you've gone through hell and I say I cant stay\ 
\ 
- < PROPFEMALE > autumn opheliac 
R.I.P. my < PROPFEMALE > . You will be missed . \ 
To all , we had to put my dog down today . I'm so sad , and even though i havent seen her in a while , i wish i could have said goodbye . 
I have found him !!!!!!! I have never ridden in a corvette . We went to the beach and dinner . He paid for dinner and then we rented New < PROPFEMALE > and he knew everybody !!! He is on the wolf side , but he said I can convert him this weekend !!!!! < PROPFIRST > , you have my attention !!!!! 
lovely saturday night dinner with my wonderful boyfriend , then we went to see that new movie Inception , my god what a wierd movie , but it was awsome . we didnt talk the corvette tonight tho , but the H3 was totally awsome . 
starting on a book based on some crazy , freaky , scary a fucking shit , expirences tht a friend of mine had in San < PROPMALE > 
i gotmy tounge pierced on monday !!! it hurt like hell but i think that it was definitly worth it !!! 
my new profile pic is shitty ... lol cell phone pic . 
i think my tounge is infected 
lost 20 pounds in 2 months !!!! 
gots a new camera today !!! more pix coming 
more pix coming ... lol , ive gone camera crazy 
new tounge ring !!! 
im bored , wanna do something , but nothing to do !!!! 
I'm going to ding your < PROPFIRST > if you don't ding right ... wait ... wtf ... 
nothing like being up at 4 am to speak to the soul 
omg i did NOT know that would work , to all mafia wars friends , please send me a request , and to those of u who are in my mafia , i strongly recommend the mafia wars friends adder , no joke , over a hundred new friends in a few clicks !!! 
got a job !!! been working my ass off , and quite frankly i think that i am addicted to working , why spend all of your time spending money when you can be making it !!! I am currently contemplating on getting another one ... 
i just met 3 skater douche bags , 2 fat ones and a indian one , i named them butterball 1 , butterball 2 , and curry pie ... i wish i had my camera 
lolzzzerzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz yo 
If you can't dazzle them with brillance , baffel them with bullshit . 
it's cold out here .... 
\but still i gotta get out of this place cuz i don't think i can face another night\ " \ 
The You-tube Decrees ? of Commenting-\ 
I . Thou shall not ? make retarded ass Bieber jokes\ 
II .? Thou ? shall not comment on the ? dislike bar\ 
III . Thou shall not combine the first two decrees , EVER\ 
IV .? Thou shall stay on subject when ? commenting\ 
V . Thou shall not beg ? like a bitch ? for ? thumbs-up\ 
< PROPFEMALE > . Thou shall try thy best to keep the moron level at a minimum . 
HA !!! I just took < PROPFIRST>'s old mp3's rap virginity away !!!! 
whoever keeps hacking onto my girlfriend's facebook , you know who u r , well , we know u r doing it . 
bored .. txt ? 8035791575 
Your welcome . 
Happy last day of the year 
FW : From : 8034310423 Msg : Ill b fine we stopped at lowes hardware so my dad could take a shit\\r\\n*Art Saves * 
Need sleep ... 
All hail family guy 
Omg i cant wait to get out of south < PROPFEMALE > this poor state sux big time ... 
Omg i am so sick of my ex's bullshit idk why he wont leave me the fuck alone . Everytime i start to move on he has to remind me of shit that happened ... 
If u could have any one item what would it be and what would u do to get it ? 
Yo i think my mind fell out i see it rolling down the street . It should be kept away from ppl at all cost it is a danger to society if u see it run and call me 
Omg im broke with no cigarettes and i need on grrr im gonna be a super bitch tomorrow XD 
Omg deep dish apple pie ... mouth orgasm !!! 
Hmm things have changed 
Hey it turns out my best friend isn't a friend at all ... 
Omg strawberry cheesecake and a good cry fixes everything 
Puppies fix everything too 
Ha nothing like cleaning your room at 2:45 in the morning 
i love my new phone 
No jkjkjk lololol 
