Fun is deficient . No activities at Adelphi , no homework to do , plenty of people gone for the weekend . It's just me and my 360 . Modern Warfail 2 gets boring after a while ... I heard that there are two soccer games going on today , so I might go to one of those . 

I attended the 7:00 soccer game . The Panthers won 1-0 in overtime with an epic foul shot . I certainly can't say that they or their cheerleaders are the most competitive around , but it was entertaining enough to be a productive time-passer . I wish you guys would have seen it . 
For those who don't know , there is going to be a Giants season opener party in my room ( < PROPMALE > 303 ) today . Arrive before 1:00 PM so you don't miss out ! 
Watching < PROPFIRST > play MW2 right now while I do my homework . By the way , I need a good profile picture . The ones I have right now are decent but not satisfactory . 
I loved walking across campus to the gym while it was raining like hell . Not so much because of the rain , but because when I entered the exercise room , people gave me the most amazed look . 
It's pathetically sad when the local RA and student government president can't figure out how to open the mailbox combination locks . It took me one try to do so . By the way everyone , don't forget that we're having a Giants party in my room at 8:00 PM this Sunday ! 
No one around , nothing to do , no homework to complete . My parents are desperate to see me , so I may as well travel to my old home for part of the day . 
GIANTS PARTY @ 8 PM 
Life needs a fast forward button . 
Gah , Xbox servers are down . Anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out ? Leftover food is still in here and we need some eaters . 
\You have enemies ? Good . That means you've stood up for something 
I thought to myself , \Ah 
Marched through the flood , did my exams ... now it's time to restock on waters , get a haircut , and get some extra goodies for my room . Will probably be back later today . 
Raindrops keep fallin ' on my head\ 
But that doesn't mean my eyes will soon be turnin ' red\ 
Crying's not for me\ 
' Cause\ 
I'm never gonna stop the rain by complainin'\ 
Because I'm free\ 
Nothin's worryin ' me 
Lights out , girls ... ' cause here comes the \active shooter\ " . ;) " 
I've always thanked the universe for giving us posers . They prove , slowly but surely , that I'm the real deal . 
Time to get an essay AND a project out of the way today ... here I go ! 
I did a 10 < PROPFEMALE > project , SINGLE SPACED . Now I realized that my teacher didn't want this , so I converted it to double spaced and realized that I'm probably going to get extra credit . I love my life . 
\You have to have skill to be eaten alive by a dog . \ " - < PROPFIRST>'s girlfriend " 
Off to the gym with < PROPMALE > layton 
7 DAYS 13 HOURS 57 MINUTES UNTIL CALL OF DUTY BLACK OPS 
I will never surrender , not even to a problem with an invisible or nonexistent answer . 
Goodbye , MW2 . You won't be missed . May you die a slow and painful demise in the box from which I < PROPFIRST > you ; may this pain be equivalent to all of that which you brewed with unbalanced weapons , bad spawns , < PROPFEMALE > DC noob tubes , shitty maps like Derail and Salvage , deathstreaks , and ridiculous knife lunges . However , I will say one positive remark of you : long live the Riot Shield ! 
I may be an agnostic , but if there's any evidence in favor of God existing that I recognize , it's the existence of cream cheese 
“Thousands of years ago , the first man discovered how to make fire . He was probably burned at the stake he had taught his brothers to light . He was considered an evildoer who had dealt with a demon mankind dreaded . But thereafter men had fire to keep them warm , to cook their food , to light their caves . \ - < PROPMALE > Roark in The Fountainhead " 
I actually really appreciated the concert that I chose to go to for my English homework . It felt both relaxing and captivating to kick back to some music of the more inspired kind . 
Hooray for Thanksgiving , the holiday where we get to watch Christmas advertising ! :/ 
has quite a cold , the first in a long time 
Second time someone's thrown up on the floor in my room . I <3 ADELPHI 
Tired of this fucking bullshit 
I thought that random teammates on Call of Duty were bad at teamwork . I then realized that they offer no competition to the dimwits on my Introduction to Business team . Nothing quite like doing everybody's work for them ! :/ 
Got my psych stats exam out of the way . I deserve to kick back given all the shit I've gone through this week . 
would like a \nerd\ " / \ " weirdo\ " friend at Adelphi ... better go to the library more often " 
Just watched Gamer with Jory Engel ... on impulse I gave it an 8/10 , but after careful thought I'd give it a 6.5 /10 . It wasn't much more than an appeal to the senses ( with a notable focus on disgust ) combined with a stereotypical cautionary tale regarding technology . Frankly , it was just something fun to watch at the time , and it could have easily been replaced with a standard Schwarzenegger movie . 
Why the fuck do I keep forgetting to do my projects double spaced ? Overdid my work AGAIN . I swear to god , I'm tied up between laughing at myself for being - intentionally and unintentionally a hard worker and punching a wall because I wasted valuable sleep time 
Winter break nears by the hour . It'll be one hell of a < PROPFIRST > on the back for everything that I've done and I look forward to it 
Feeling fucking fantastic , only way I could possibly feel better is if I had a gf here with me now , no joke today was that incredible 
Haven't checked xkcd in a while , and I come back to this awesomeness :\ 
http://xkcd.com/829/ 
I had an 18 minute debate on the state of humanity after class with 2 other students , loved it ... definitely one of my more positive experiences here at Adelphi 
Straight A's in first college semester ... am I really that surprised ? \ 
\ 
Now my job is to figure out what the hell I want for christmas , which looks like it may be nothing given my infinite ponderance of the matter . give me ideas bros 
Excellent christmas , shoveled a billion tons of snow by myself afterward 
Apparently , there's going to be serious scientific evidence for ESP ( extrasensory perception / clairvoyance ) soon in a respected psychological journal . I have plenty of doubts , but I'm interested in taking a look when possible . 
Starting tomorrow , it's back to business . 
Nothing like oversleeping . Here's to migraines ! 
“Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds . ” - Einstein 
Is it really that hard to tell me the truth when I ask for it ? Just let it out 
Times are getting rough , but I don't plan on giving up . 
Pre-ordered < PROPFEMALE > vs . Capcom 3 
Well , computers have beat Chess grandmasters since the 90s . I'm not surprised in the slightest to see them beat Jeopardy's best . It's still amazing , though . 
Only 2 days into Spring Break ... and yet already , I couldn't have asked for better . 
Thank god I'm home for spring break . I'm not going to get pinched today for wearing clothes of my choice ! 
So Adelphi's security has to ruin my sleep schedule by waking up the entirety of Linen Hall at 4:00 AM just to tell people not to smoke cigarettes in the bathroom ? What the fuck is this world coming to ? 
