If we demand that all of congress ' health benefits will end until Universal healthcare is passed , they would take two weeks or less to get it done . Why did they have lifelong comprehensive health care approved by both houses years ago , paid for by the taxpayers , BEFORE US citizens got theirs ? 

Daily oxymorons : Free throw , monkey business , legal tender , politically correct . 
... AND THEN A BIG , BROWN SHARK CAME ... 
TODAY'S LIMERICK : There once was Absinthe from Nantucket , Which she fixed in a five gallon bucket , She'd louche for thujone , Then drink it alone , To derision , she'd grin and then duck it ! ( I made that up myself ) 
New movie quote \I have not yet begun to defile myself\ " . First one to get it wins . " 
Saw < PROPFIRST > Knopfler on Wed . with < PROPMALE > & < PROPMALE > . It was great . I worried a bit that they were letting in so many hippies , but I try not to judge . To the guy in row A of the balcony- sit down & stop playing air guitar to every single song . He's not going to look up from the stage , think \Whoa- I ought to give that guy an audition . \ " You looked foolish to the 500 people behind you . " 
TO ALL SCIO CENTRAL SCHOOL Class of ' 85- Need a place to stay ? We can put up 2-4 comfortably for free if you don't mind rooming with two hippie biker types from the Wellsville Boonies !! Get ahold of me on facebook for details and obfuscated driving instructions . I could also be talked into making an airport run or two . 
There once was a broad from the sticks , \ 
Who knew a few witchy little tricks . \ 
She was a reckoning force , \ 
But ever kind , of course , \ 
For troubles she liked to fix . \ 
\ 
( I decided Friday haiku's aren't my forte ' , cause < PROPMALE > has us all trumped in that arena . I'll stick with limericks- right up my alley . ) 
How do we justify allowing people who've never done anything wrong to be taken off life support and starved to death , when that method would be considered cruel and unusual punishment for our worst criminals ? Why do we allow the government to be involved in what is a heartbreaking decision that should be made by the patient and their families ONLY . Starving people is macabre and medieval . 
Seven come eleven- 26 years- NO WAY ! 
What ? Haliburton ? Involved with the oil gushing into the gulf ? NO ! What a shock . KBR , you've done it again . To what purpose , I wonder ? 
MY FAVORITE LIMERICK by Pamm Geffers , age 8\ 
\There once was a goat named ' Moat ' 
Deano , \ 
Never forget two things : it's mighty warm under the wing of a dragon , and a villian wears many masks-the most dangerous mask is the one that makes the villian seem nice . Watch your back , my brother . I will pray for you and the kids to the end of my days . \ 
I wish you well , always . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > 
There once was a < PROPFEMALE > from the hills\ 
Who had gotten too heavy from pills\ 
But she's back in SIZE 3\ 
So her hubby can see\ 
That she won her battle of wills . 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 
When left with no options , the decision becomes clear . ( I made that one up all by myself ! I think it's my best to date . ) 
NAME THE TUNE : \ ... In the darkest depths of Mordor 
Two heads are better than one , but one face is better than two !!!!! ( I made that one up myself , also ) 
I was glad to see the balloons come over the house as I was forced to boycott this year's balloon rally when I learned that BP ( yeah , THAT BP ) was in the rally and also sponsored the fireworks ! This is disdainful on so many levels I don't know where to begin . Way to use every < PROPFEMALE > you've got to clean up your friggin mess , BP ! 
BURN THE KORAN DAY ? Way to show the world who the better people are , you backwards , illogical DOUCHE . You yourself admit that not all Muslims are bad , yet you can't understand that that's who you'll be insulting . Way to show the world what love and Christian < PROPFEMALE > are all about . Go ahead- exercise those 1st amendment rights- as I here have exercised mine . I'll pray for your confused , egotistical soul . 
A thank you to all who have contacted me during my last two medical episodes . I still have a 103 temp , but hey , I got myself over to the computer for the first time in a few weeks ! Send < PROPMALE > all of your prayers as he shouldn't have to deal with any of this , but does , as always without complaint . I know that so many of you are dealing with some horrible heartbreaking things now , and all my love goes out to you . 
Wow-madfe it to the computer for the 4th time in 24 hrs . Doc just called . I've got to go to the hospital . Don't you fret , Amy-I'll be there for you tomorrow even if I have to sneak out . I'll post more when there is more . Hopefully , I'll be back soon . 
I'm back ! If they don't make me go to the hospital tomorrow , I should be in the clear . 
I'm sick of being sick . I'm sick of the thermometer , I'm sick of bed . It could be worse , so I'll < PROPFEMALE > on to that til I can get up and do something . 
Great- doc just called- back to the hospital for more blood work , more ct scans ... goody goody- I was feeling so bored . Hopefully , they'll let me come home when they're done- when they do , I'll let you all know . Wish me luck- AGAIN !!!!! 
What's on my mind ? Skull . The circle of willets . Ummmmm- hair . BIG MONEY , BIG MONEY , BIG MONEY , NO WHAMMIES- STOP 
Had a sore throat , swollen glands , and an excruciating back problem goin on day 4 now . No fever , but WTH ? I get to be ok for 3 days and then slammed again for the last month now . CALGON , TAKE ME AWAY ! 
NAWLINS !!!!!! \They call him < PROPFIRST > Brees ... \"" 
I now think , \ 
that the most likely reason of all , \ 
is because that her heart\ 
is NINE SIZES too small . 
I can't believe I'm not butter . 
I suddenly realized- this is the oldest I've ever been . 
I thought I'd procrastinate , but decided to wait til tomorrow . 
So many people in this world are like slinkys- not good for much , but they put a smile on your face when you push them down a flight of stairs . 
REMEMBER - You're unique- JUST LIKE EVERYONE ELSE ! 
As much as I try to be an easygoing , stretch your wings and fly type ... I just can't stop trying to burst people into flames with my mind ! ; ) 
I've said it before , and I'll say it again- REAL WOMEN STAB FROM THE FRONT ! 
If wood < PROPMALE > s CAN'T < PROPMALE > wood , then why are they called that ? 
I think the < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > story is misleading ... I was shocked to learn that he picked those pickled peppers NOT from a magical pickled pepper plant , but off a store shelf , which isn't really remarkable enough to be put in anyone's oral tradition . 
I see the glass not as half empty , nor do I see the glass as half full . The glass is obviously too flippin ' BIG . 
Tonight , my prayers and tears are with those Egyptian Mommies , who can finally , openly , grieve the loss of their children who were murdered by Mubarek's secret police for having the audacity to disagree with his methods . Those in our government who put and kept him in power should have to beg forgiveness at the feet of those women . Congrats , Egypt- may your future be your own ! 
HAPPY VD EVERYONE ! 
HE COULDN'T BE WRONG-ER IF HIS NAME WAS \WRONG WRONGERSON \"!" 
FRIDAY Haiku : Look at him- soooooo cute-\ 
Acting like he's got options-\ 
He still thinks he's right . 
http://apps.facebook.com/interview/?ref=bookmarks&count=0 
To any confused readers- my interview no longer seems to be available for perusal . I am working diligently on this issue , as I would be remiss not to share my thoughts and quasi-humorous statements with the marginally interested few . Wordy little thing , aren't I ? 
Remember- everything's legal . Just don't get caught ! 
OK , Dr. Fong- don't let me down . < PROPFEMALE > , it wouldn't surprise me if you knew this also : Movie Quote : \Go away or I shall taunt you a second time ! \"" 
I can't believe I'm not butter ! 
What was Captain Hook's name before < PROPFIRST > Pan cut off his hand ? 
