went into the kitchen to find the can opener ... which wasn't present ... Who stole the opener from the kitchen drawer ? Who me ? Yes you . Couldn't be . Then who ? P.S. Seriously kind of distraught about it though . 

woke up to a cute surprise this morning . What did he do ? He got it done . That's what men do . No steppin ' on his toes . Cute though . He's not even mad , he's impressed . 
is discovering new ways of using Photoshop while jamming out to < PROPMALE > Collins . What could be any better ? 
has an urge to go to the beach . A beach with a bonfire . A beach with a bonfire and maybe some fireworks . With the embers glowing and the sun setting . 
just wants to remind you that only you can prevent < PROPMALE > fires . He knows , Smokey told him . 
has a goal . And that goal is to get it done . Now ! 
is out of here for a < PROPMALE > of fresh air . Next stop , California . He's on the road again , ready to witness something phenomenal ! 
has a little more than a week before he heads home . He's just biding his time before that day comes . 
has one thing to say . PEACHES . God's < PROPFEMALE > wrapped up in a fruit . He now has every intention on attending the annual peach festival next year in California . Mmmmmhhh ... peaches . 
just found someone looking to sell a pair of monkeys ! We were also looking for roommates . That should settle the score . Heck , they're already diaper trained . 
just found they sell diabetic socks ! Who knew ? 
might just be his own worst enemy . He was born with a magnificent blessing , but it also could be seen as a curse . 
believes in a world that will take you high . He believes in a thought that can touch the sky . He believes in peace and < PROPFEMALE > ... 
is excited . Not just because peaches are $0.67 at Frys . Yes , that is one thing , but there are three other glorious , thrilling , and intriguing ideas that are superfluous above all the rest . 
wishes there were just a few more hours in a day . Then he would be a happy camper . 
and his training program has begun . 
got to watch the death of a camera as he forgot to take it out of a pair of jeans he just put in a washer ... suck . 
wonders why there aren't more elevators in Arizona . For them , at least you don't need a ticket to ride . 
still likes that old time rock ' n ' roll . The kind of music that soothes the soul . I reminisce about days of old , with that old time rock ' n ' roll . 
just heard of the concept of an electronic tatoo . A tatoo that changes acording to your emotions , your feelings . Quite intriguing . 
knows that its all starting to make sense . Simply amazing ! 
cannot wait for Saturday's freedom because the promise of seeing somebody special and a determination to dine at a luxurious Chinese buffet . Mmmmmmm ... 
seriously had to think twice about not just chashing the check so that he could swim in a pile of money . 
never knew how pesky ferrets were . Alas , it is here no longer . So long , farewell , auf wiedersehen , good-bye . Good-bye ! 
knows that we are merely phantoms of ourselves . We have an insatiable < PROPFEMALE > to feed what can never be truly fed , unless we are set free from that idiotic ritual . 
knows it's a little late now , but he is extremely grateful for the wonderful night last night ( GAP of course ) . We really do feel honored , thank you all . 
Dear greeting card companies , please stop producing queer cards lacking quality and thought . Normal people need cards and cannot write everything by themselves too . Another thought , hire someone with an actual sense of humor . Thank you . 
witnessed the leaving of two good friends today . He wishes them well on their exciting next stage in life . < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > , Godspeed . May your life in Hawaii be flippin ' awesome ! 
is completely stoaked about the chicken < PROPMALE > salad that he just created . Pan seared chicken , brocoli , romain , and calamata olives . Simply to die for . 
is so not a fan of the schedule is panning out this semester ... grrr . 
It's what we do in the worst of times that tells the world who we really are . 
is living a week ahead of himself ... wow . 
Yes , its that time again . The time that he must adventure . We've come to an age where society asks us to be sheep , keep our head down , and work . Work is a < PROPMALE > cause , but when push comes to shove , shove back and enjoy some time on this earth . 
does not diserve what he has been given . He should be treating it as a treasure not a commidity . For that mistake he feels the deepest regret . 
has seen the first day of people thinking that he has children . Does he seem that old ? 
Note to self . No , I am not a creatively artistic person . You dig yourself a hole when you pretend that you are one . Its better to leave it to the professionals than to burrying yourself . 
discovered extreme moose tracks and saw that everything was good . 
wonders when spring break will finally get here . He is starting to think that life is a little gnome who decides to lay a stick in your path , when you fall it starts laughing maniacally , and kicks you when you’re down . There are times when you think it’s all looking up , but that’s when he’ll plant a foot in your face 
is watching , waiting for the storm to pass . 
just created himself an amazing dinner consisting of manburgers and potato salad . He cannot wait until he will again live in a place where the kitchen is bigger than one you might find in a < PROPFEMALE > Pocket house . 
for the love of God and all that is holy ... SERENITY NOW !!! 
You're in Tempe and you want to get home ? Well , we have news for you . We decided to start construction before spring break for kicks and giggles . Yes , we could have used logic and commenced once the majority of people were gone , but where would the fun be in that ? We would rather make driving through Tempe your worst nightmare when it takes you 20 minutes just to get through one light . 
Take me out to the ball game . Take me out to the crowd . Buy me some peanuts and cracker < PROPFIRST > , I don't care if < PROPFEMALE > and I never get back . 
today was a really great day among all my working days . I had a song from the muppets stuck in my head , found a mechanical hopping rabbit to put on the conveyor belt , and was visited by a very special girl . My day was complete . 
is reminded of the days in Africa when he had to sleep under a mosquito net . It turns out , he might have to do the same thing here . When the new day came , he was covered with mosquito bites . At least I don't have to worry so much about contracting malaria in the states . 
its 2:00 AM , there is a bird outside my room that won't shut up . I'm about to go out there and show him what for . Oh , wait . Its 2:00 AM and I don't really want to move ... I loathe you Tweety . 
Dear IRS , thank you for rejecting my e-file tax form . I was able to assess the information and actually get a refund of $200 more than what I had anticipated . You have made me a happy camper . 
Wonders why he , the human furnace was born into a family who decided it was a good idea to move to Arizona . He's burning up with the AC going full blast in his apartment ... Although , he can think of one perk living in AZ , meeting that one special girl . 
this class cracks me up . No one has a clue of what the professor is saying , but his inflection and attempts at jokes are absolutely hilarious ! Yea dr. Kuo ! 
Its days like these that I think about my life and realize that I am a very lucky guy . 
I wish I had a roll of hundred dollar bills I could flush down a toilet just for kicks and giggles . Oh wait , that's basically what I'm doing to have a functioning car . 
that makes two down and two to go . Not bad at all . Almost time for me to take a breath . 
It is Tuesday , May 11th , another day in history to any other person . But to < PROPFIRST > Embrey , it is the beggining of summer ! Muhaha ! Freedom is here ! If you want to see excited , look at me ! WOOOOOOOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ! 
Perfect , just as he crawls into bed , his phone gets obliterated . It was on a bed ... how is it broken ? Its not like I threw it directly against a wall . 
Parking . $6 . All day locker rental . $7 . Spending the majority of a day with < PROPFEMALE > Clauss sliding down enormous water slides and endless laughter in the wave pool . Priceless ... and free . 
Give me the beat boys free my soul I wanna get lost in your rock and roll . 
Dear Rancho Murietta , \ 
When I come back from Michigan , I would prefer not to live in an apartment painted like regurgitated breakfast and a bottle of funky colored Gatorade . Don't do it . Thank you . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
< PROPFIRST > 
Airlines . Oh , how I loathe thee . Delay . 4 hours . How could you be that stupid . Give me the reason . Its ruining my trip . Grrrr ... Yup , somebody's bitter ... 
If I have to recharge the air conditioning in the Bronco another time , I will do one of two things . I will drive it to San < PROPMALE > , construct a boat for it , and send it out to sea ... in flames . Or I'll scream . More likely the latter , but the former is at least creative . 
I came to a conclusion . I would like to go back in time to tell the pioneer who settled in Arizona is a complete moron . 
Seriously ? I don't have vanilla ? This is unfathomable and unacceptable . Fine , instead of cookies , I'll doctor up some brownies by loading them with chocolate chips and walnuts . Take that ! I win . 
Hearing stories about < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > wanting to replace human vocal cords into his monkey bubbles , watching a crazy movie all about dreams , and being immensely tired from a long week make the begginings of a night of weird dreams . And no , we do not want english speaking animals , its weird . 
So , within a week I became a glorified babysitter while I'm on the job . Fantastic . 
Alas , the vampire cat is no more . ' Tis a sad day in the world . 
Seriously ? 
Yeah ... it is weeks like these that make me want to scream like a gorilla and throw it 3oo feet in the air . Too bad weeks aren't tangible or something you can beat into submission . 
Something tells me < PROPFEMALE > es no bueno when its getting to be that time to need to take a vacation from your \summer vacation \"." 
Ok , August . Leave us . I'm sick of the mind games you play with us . You bring the humidity and not the rain . Loathing comes to mind . Begone ! 
Wishes there were more hours to the day to accomplish more and actually enjoy some sleep , ie . more than 4 hours . C'est la vie . 
Woah there tiger , I'm sleeping in a bit tomorrow . I see 7 hours of sleep on the horizion . I am thunderstruck . 
ASU bureaucracy hates me and is a big waste of my time . I loathe jumping through hoops and acting like a seal at Sea World . Where is my easy button ? 
Damn , it feels good to be a gangsta . 
Life is funny , especially when you can look back at it from different perspectives . It may be a heck of a ride , but that's where the fun comes in . Underneath it all , whatever happened , I was and still am blessed . 
We're only two weeks in and I already feel like it is about time to take a little time off and clear my head . 
I'm starting to think that I am going to treat this weekend as a four day weekend . early release today for starters . Yes , I've got school tomorrow and work on Saturday , but we can all pretend . 
The new Buffalo Wild Wings is a great place to < PROPFEMALE > out ! What's better , they come armed with the local Oatmeal Stout from For Peaks . This makes < PROPFIRST > a happy , happy man . 
You know one of two things when < PROPFIRST > is at work blasting Anberlin , < PROPFEMALE > Jam , The Mighty Mighty Bosstones , Jay-Z , and Party In The USA by Miley < PROPMALE > . He has either gone off the walls crazy or he is in the most utterly fantastic mood ! 
Time and time again , we fall into the depths of who we are , but you can't keep running from what you're trying to find . 
Count it all joy , my brothers , when you meet trials of various kinds , for you know that the testing of your faith produces steadfastness . And let steadfastness have its full effect , that you may be perfect and complete , lacking in nothing . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > 1:2 -5 
Its slightly overcast and it is so beautiful out today ! Why can't everyday be like this ? Oh wait , that's right , I live in Arizona . We're cursed to live in an oven . 
Ehhehehehehe ! Torrential downpour at work ! working outside ! Amazing ! 
I walk around ASU , I hear the Democrats raising their voice . I wander outside of Tempe , Republicans chant their views over and over . Screw this , I've had enough . I'm joining the Rent is too Damn High Party . Cause frankly , the rent is too damn high . 
My trials and my experiences shape who I am and give me an opportunity to make who God wants me to be 
Well , since no one knows/understands what I was going to dress up as and the fact that the stores ran out of white hair dye , we might be revisiting an old costume bro . 
I'll take these storms away , start a brand new story . I'll make it \ 
through each day , singing death or < PROPFEMALE > . And though these clouds are \ 
gray that I'm living under , I know I'll be OK with the rain or thunder . I\ 
hear it calling me , I will march into the sound . 
Press any button to < PROPMALE > your dreams again . 
Boo school work and actual work . Doesn't business understand that I gotta uphold GTL in order to maintain typical bro status ..? 
Dear ASU , the fabled ' New American University ' , might I suggest to you an idea for good measure . When hiring professors require them to actually speak a new American language , ie English . I would prefer class not be like being taught in Seoul . Thank you . 
It just seems like just another nail in the coffin ... 
I'm in Sun City and I have no clue where I'm going ! Not necessarily the best thing ... 
Take heart , the lessons that you've learned have just begun . For a life of ease is not worth remembering ; its through the trials that we move forward . Rejoice and tha\ 
nk God for every breath you take . 
Is almost excited to write a paper for one of his finals this next week . He gets to write a business plan for a company he would like to start up , problem is finding out which idea to go with . So many to choose from ! 
Enjoying every moment of the calm before the storm . Pretty soon the hurricane will be headed this way . Bring it on ! 
Its time for some unicorn on cob ! 
To those who designed and engineered the newer generation of iPod Nano , I salute you . I accidentally dropped mine in the washing machine and after fishing it out , it still works . You are geniuses ! 
Only in Scottsdale , a man driving a Hummer H2 parks in the middle of the road ( not being facetious , actually blocking traffic ) , walk up to the < PROPFEMALE > ringer for donations , hand him a wad of cash , and then complain that the ringer wouldn't stuff the money in the bucket for him . 
Lookie < PROPFEMALE > , I gots me a package in them there < PROPFEMALE > ilbox ! Its a book and I just might start me some reading before the last minute , quite the surprise . 
You , in the yellow Camaro . I give you props . You are a person of my own heart and made my day . 
I really haven't cared so much about CD's of late . No offense , but bands are kinda letting us down for the most part . Though , there is one CD that I actually want to buy . Its \Science & Faith\ " by The Script . I applaud thee . Well done . " 
Well , what time is it ? Game time ... huh ! 
There is one thing that is true , this heart belongs on the open road . Where it is free as a blue < PROPFIRST > and it can rock out ... with my socks off ... Or on , cause I ain't no fan of your smelly feet . 
So yeah , I've been living almost 24 years and my instincts are almost always spot on . The problem is , I never happen to take heed to them . 
Microsoft , question . Why on earth would you make your programs infinitely more confusing with each new version ? This baffles me . 
School , school go away . Come back another day . Let me sleep some more today . And let me go and play . 
Today I saw a poster on the Arizona State University campus stating that 71% of ASU students have 0-4 drinks when they go out socially . So , does that mean that 29% are drunkards get blitzed every time they go out ? Way to go ASU . Might want to keep that under wraps . 
