Lounging on the couch , trolling 4chan , making fun of incompetents , watching 48 Hours , and being verbally abused . Egg-cellent way to bring in the New Year . Lulz :]] 

???? Happy New Years ! ???? 
I accidentally the coffee . 
thought she'd feel Troll's Remorse , but instead , can't stop giggling insanely . 
wants to eat a brownie . 
wants to have her cake and eat it too . 
Yeah ! All charges dismissed ! 
is glad the east LA police are fast to respond . Freaky . Very freaky . 
Hmmm ... vacation at last ! 
New week . New scores . Time to get even with The Sandbagger . 
is jamming out to the tunes ( when don't I ) and trolling the internet . Hmmm . I think I'll hit the pool next with my iPod & a book . 
is watching A&E . Love Mondays - great shows . 
is wondering if she's considered a geek since she knows all of the server IP addresses by heart . 
has been feeling rather reflective lately . I think I like it . 
It's on , Donkey Kong ... 
loves hanging with her biggest sister . She brings out the worst in me . What fun !! 
Blech . Need more sleep . 
Had a great time with my family this weekend . Although when the Fabulous Four get together , the volume level is VERY HIGH ! 
is tired of chewing gum and dum-dums . 
is wondering why she is such a clutz . Maybe if I ignore the stabbing pain in my ankle , it will go away . 
Hmmm . Eating a coconut lollipop makes me think that I'm sitting on a beach ... and eating suntan lotion . 
Going to see Tuesday's Gone , a Lynyrd Skynyrd Tribute band . Should be a blast ! 
nothing better than turning the tunes up and dancing . Happy 4th everyone !! 
I think today is going to be lazy day . Unfortunately I have no food or clean clothes , so I suppose I'll have to get motivated . Maybe after my nap . 
thinks life is lived best when one not only thinks outside the box , but steps beyond its borders and lives outside of it as well . 
Just another manic Monday ... 
Ahhh ! I keep loosing my internet every five minutes . Quite irritating , I must say ! 
Finally ! After two months of editing , the redesigned business cards have left the building ! Yeah ! 
Its a good thing I thrive on chaos . 
Ha ha . Kaytlin keeps getting told that she acts like her mother . Poor , poor child . 
Cooking breakfast ... pancakes , bacon , eggs and hashbrowns ... hmmm . 
Yeah , there goes my satellite again . Wonder if the internet is next . 
Brain fart ( n . ) : An involuntary release of idiocy . 
isn't a tailgater , she's an entrepreneur . 
the only meal I regularly cook these days is breakfast . 
is exhausted after 2 1/2 sets of tennis . Now it's time to cool down before Taste of Wilmington . 
My feet hurt . I hate heels , or any version of them . But it was worth it , what a wonderful evening ! 
Hmmm . I hope this dinner tastes as good as it smells . 
Copying from a single source is called plagiarism , copying from multiple source is called research . 
“The bowling alley is the poor man's country club . ” 
takes a step back , and with a slight shake of her head , thinks to herself , \Really ? \"" 
Is in button pushing mode again . And it's called Ctrl+Alt+Del . 
got out of yet another self-induced predicament with a smile and a wink . 
is in retro purchasing mode . Three Rush albums ( 2112 , Permanent Waves , Moving Pictures ) and a SNES controller . Bringing back memories of 10th and 11th grade ... hmmm . Will need to dig up the torn jeans , tie-dye t-shirts , and knee-high moccasin boots to co 
is googling SNES cheat codes . 
Giving the house a thorough cleansing . Be gone , there are other worlds than these . 
“It's not denial . I'm just selective about the reality I accept . ” 
“Won’t somebody please explain where I am and how I got here ? ” 
is wondering if the ice cubes in her freezer are dirt-flavored . 
is going to run out to Port City Java . No way I'm making coffee from the creek water that is still flowing from the taps . It's nasty , just plain nasty . 
is rather amused . 
has a headache that just keeps getting worse . Bah . 
forgot how much faster her laptop runs when it is working properly . 
has been run out of the living by two obnoxious teenagers . Hiding in the bedroom , watching TV , and reinstalling programs on my computer is much more pleasant . 
is going to be late for work if these girls don't hurry up . And I've discovered counting to three doesn't seem to work anymore . 
keeps being told to stay out of the gutters . Hum , I wonder if they are referring to bowling . 
is STARVING . Need . Nourishment . Soon . 
Getting a piggyback ride , $5 . Falling backwards down the stairs , priceless . 
Toilet paper , Little Debbies , and wine . Yet another random run to WallyWorld at an odd hour of the night . 
No < PROPMALE > for rain . Tennis ? 
Sometimes life's most embarrassing moments are also the most hilarious . 
is about to tear her hair out trying to figure out ActionScript 3.0 . 
Made it through to the third round at the bowling tourney . Was real close to making the fourth , missed the cutoff by less than 40 . 
is watching Narnia . Didn't even know I had this movie until I randomly found it in Kaytlin's room . 
keeps clicking refresh on the homepage of SNO.com trying to find her promo ad . Twenty-three tries , no luck . If you happen to see the marquee promoting our 20 new pages , please let me know . 
is thinking , \I don't wanna ... \"" 
< PROPFIRST > Hasselhoff gives me the creeps . He's , um , eewwwy . 
is wondering if turning on the left-hand blinker , when turning right , is an indicator of what to expect for the remainder of the day . 
is missing a few quackers . 
is wondering if running over a box of wood , going approximately 65-70 mph , will have any repercussions in the morning . Sigh . 
Cheshire Cat . Indeed . 
Wayyyy past my bedtime , but enjoying the late hour . 
has been completely unproductive today . 
Yeah . Finally cleaned up the half cup of coffee that got spilled in the console last week . Can't let the dealership think I'm THAT lazy . 
\The life of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ... it should be a sitcom . \"" 
Feels like someone hit her on the back of the head with a baseball bat . 
is going to enjoy an entire day of peace and quiet after an eventful weekend . 
is wondering if Intellitune can handle color correcting 984 photos at one time . Hum , lets find out ! 
Day two of trying to download almost 1,000 photos . There goes the bandwidth . 
needs more sleep and more coffee ... 
Aerobics : a series of strenuous exercises which help convert fats , sugars , and starches into aches , pains , and cramps . 
No air in the car , no air in the home , off to cooler places I roam . 
I believe our adventure through time has taken a most serious turn . 
Facebook needs a reboot . 
\An artist does not fake reality -- he * stylizes * it \"." 
To quote a dear friend , \AAAAAAGH . \"" 
Corporal Punishment . I should have used it more . 
is rolling on the laughing floor . 
is looking for a perfect nickname to describe herself . Please submit your entries here . 
Shower , then bowling . 
It's the small victories that count . 
really needs to lay off on the Port City Java and the Diet Pepsi < PROPMALE > . It would be nice to go to bed sometime tonight . 
\WHOOPS . \ " Great . " 
Sigh . 
What to do , what to do ... trying to figure out the evenings activities . 
wasn't aware how much she relied upon her phone for communication , until it stopped working . 
gets to try and cram 30 cases of soda , water and Gatorade into her car . Hmmm . 
finds it interesting that Kaytlin just joined the wrestling team ... JROTC , Future Farmers , and wrestling . Good . I don't like dresses either . 
is wondering why growling isn't considered an acceptable response to others . 
is at Verizon playing on their sample computer waiting to reactivate her phone . Yeah ! 
Help ! I need bail money ! Going to jail on Wednesday , November 18 ... 
can't wait until the weekend starts ... tick tock tick tock . 
Seriously ? 
Finally has her own hi-speed internet ! Wow . This is sooo much faster than the neighbors ... 
Raleigh-bound , then off to Atlanta !! 
is happy that the spork < PROPFEMALE > stopped by the StarNews . 
bowling , bowling and hopefully not blowing . My average , that's all I'm asking ... 
wouldn't trade her family in for the world . 
Huh . 
just got back from Noni Bacca . Personalized wine tasting ... how can it get better than that ?! 
Now that I'm home , I'm hApPy ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Krauss is keeping me sane today . 
bowled horrible two out of three games . But really , who cares when you're running around being Chucky ? 
Finally was able to clean the house ! Now , I'm going to kick back and pop a top . 
Shopping at Walmart is now more fun since I'm always on the lookout for PeopleofWalmart.com candidates . 
ADD is helping me multitask today . 
Is it Miller time yet ? 
\And don't cross the road if you can't get out of the kitchen . \"" 
doesn't understand why her computer can't run 20 applications at once without bogging down . I have to juggle 20 projects , it should keep up . 
JFGI 
Doesn't want to go to work tomorrow . Oh wait ... I'm not !! Seven more days of RE-LAX-A-TION !! 
hates it when the toaster oven catches on fire ... 
The Twilight saga should not make a grown woman cry . Now onto the fourth book in the series ... 
is debating whether or not to do laundry ( since she doesn't have any clean clothes ) or to find another book to read . 
Good grief . What's up with the tears this week ? I thought Marley and me was supposed to be a comedy . 
hopes Kaytlin does well in her JROTC Drill Competition in Lake City , SC . Go Scorps ! 
Back to work . Thanks everyone ! $260 was raised ! 
bowled ok ... fortunately , we took three . Hopefully that keeps us in fifth ... 
Primo with a shot of expresso , please . 
has a bucket of cookie dough and a spoon . Nom nom nom . 
Tonight begins the first night of the four day TANKSGIVING festivities !! And as dear ole Dad put it ... \AND ..... Let the GAMES Begin \"" 
has had the best day with her crazy family . Staying up til 4am , playing on the swingset , climbing trees , and kicking everyone's butt in cards . Yahoo !! 
is going to see 2012 with the entire family . Wonder if we'll get kicked out . The cackle is hereditary , you know . 
is planning on wearing her nifty new hat when she bowls next week . 
Just found $20 in the washer . Nice way to start out the morning ... 
is getting the heebie-jeebies from that creepy HVAC guy . It is NOT necessary to stare at me every time you walk by . 
Burnt dinner , so my mediocre meal turned into a horrible meal . Time to call delivery . Again . 
is wondering if her Facebook < PROPFEMALE > is going to be used as a good or a bad example in today's Social Media Boot Camp meeting . Lol . 
What ? Me ? Different & difficult ? Really ? 
Glee is killing me . They could at least match the movement of their mouths to the words . Ack . Back to my book . 
is looking forward to a rambunctious evening with the girls . 
Note to self : even if tired , don't fall asleep at 8:30 pm , unless waking at 3am is a goal you want to accomplish . 
For some reason , I find it comforting to have [ adult swim ] on in the background as I fall asleep . Sweet dreams of claymation , talking dogs and propane ... 
Atlas is Shrugging . 
It's about time they activated the privacy setting per post ... I like it ! 
What is wrong with Facebook ? Not only am I getting text notifications 12 hours late , but the ones online are completely out of order . 
Well that stinks . Google Chrome will only work on Intel Macs ( yes , yes and PCs ) . 
For many , Facebook is for social networking . For my family , it's just another avenue of abuse . 
< PROPMALE > . Pogo . < PROPMALE > . Pogo ? Where are you ? Here < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > . 
Scowl . 
\That's because you're an < PROPFEMALE > female . \ " \ " Alpha ? Me ? Really ?! \"" 
Cut . Paste . Cut . Paste . Mindless drudgery . What a complete waste of my day . At least I've got my music to entertain me . 
Pogo is stalking < PROPFEMALE > . Aw . How kewt . 
Avatar just made it to my favorite movie list . Loved it !! 
Waiting on 2am ( or so ) so I can go to Walmart without being surrounded by a mass of people . Tried shopping earlier , but the urge to repeatedly ram my buggy into people's heels made me realize that it would be better if I went home . 
Burnt pancakes , broken eggs and smoke from the toaster . Another breakfast well done . 
\It ain't easy bein ' cheesy . \"" 
liked the Grinch before his heart grew three times larger that day . 
Wow . Now that is a bright blue . Unfortunately , the furniture is green . LOL . 
Now if I were a ferret , where would I stash a pack of cigarettes ? [ Grumble , grumble ] 
Hangovers always feel better the night prior . 
Pit . The game of cards that will make you laugh so hard you'll cry . 
has been left in charge of taking the banana bread out of the oven . I hope I remember why the timer is beeping . 
sitting in the Duke surgerical waiting room with my dad and sisters . Computers , books , Palm , and iPods to keep us busy while Mom is in surgery . 
Someone needs to remake The Fountainhead because this version is the pits . It doesn't follow the book at all !! Horrible . 
Yay ! Mom is out of surgery and is doing well ! 
I have a feeling I pissed off a few people today . Oh baw . 
Should be going home within the next few hours . Mom is home and walking around . It's amazing what they can do nowadays ! 
I WAS RIGHT . YOU WERE WRONG . * eagerly marking date in calendar * 
I should really be cleaning and doing some grocery shopping . But hot chocolate , a fuzzy blanket and movie are calling my name . 
My family just stopped the car in the middle of the road to sing < PROPMALE > the Red Nosed Reindeer to a herd of deer . Lol . 
Happy New Years , everyone !! 
Played Catch Phrase and Dominos with my family . My sissie < PROPFEMALE > and I are the Ultimate Champs . 
Lets see how many times the Craigslist gods will flag my ad . Haaaa ! 
If you ever get bored , tie bells to a kitten . You won't be bored anymore . 
is drowning in gray . 
, aka Captain Atom , is firing energy blasts from her hands everytime she touches something . 
64 ? Really ? I think not , try again . < )) ??? C ?? r ?? a ?? y ?? o ?? l ???? a ?? ) ?? ?? )) 
is at work seeing how many clicks it takes to have an Xpance meltdown . 
\You know that feeling you get after you rip a hangnail off ? Yeah . That's what that looks like . \ " Great . More positive feedback regarding my cooking . " 
Heck yeah . Season premiere of Big Love in T minus three ! 
is trying to figure out what's worse , the inability to breathe or the ice picks hammering in her temples . 
Note to self : don't season to taste when your taste buds aren't working . 
Great . The cold from last week mutated into the stomach flu . 
Roll the dice ... H1N1 . 
Finally ! I feel normal ! 
Well , that wasn't a successful week . I guess thinking about exercising doesn't work as well as actually exercising . 
Ugh ! No , don't drop off an entire bag of Hershey chocolate nuggets with toffee and almonds filling . My willpower is weak ...!! [ munch , munch , munch , munch ] 
Hmmm . What shall I post today ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Way Fleamarket . First and last visit . EVAH . 
made tonight a Zatarain's night ! And wow , for once I wanted seconds ! Yay ! 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
I think that scale has a mind of its own and it's out to get me . 
is watching tv with Rehtard One and Rehtard Two . 
Just realized that \Hero\ " got posted on my < PROPFEMALE > . We were playing 90's boy band songs while singing and dancing in the kitchen . LMAO . " 
Superman ! Tigers ! Seriously ? Don't talk to me anymore . You are a < PROPMALE > retard . 
Mouth filter is broken . Please step back 100 feet . 
is glad that Lost gets DVR'd . Between loogies and a flying stale pancake fight , it was hard to pay attention . 
Hmmm . I must have a thousand emails saved in Lotus . Purging is going to take quite a while ... :/ 
is having issues with pretending she is ok with other people's stupidity . 
No , I'm not going to make you and everybody else an email sig . I have real work to do . Learn to Paint . Leave me be . Thank you , goodbye . 
How now Skinny Cow . Mmmmm . Mint . 
Don't you hate it when you type a word so many times it no longer looks like a word , but a bunch of letters ? That's happening to me right now with the word ' azalea . ' It looks , uh , weird . 
I don't think hot dogs slathered in peanut butter , mayonnaise and onions are on the healthy menu list , but they are damn good . 
Facebook seems to think I'm a Classy Cougar . 
can't wait for the Atlanta trip . This should be quite interesting . Muahahaha ... 
Whew . Even though I ate cookies , philly cheesesteaks , hot dogs with lard , ice cream and greek gyros , I was able to maintain the same weight . Let's see how bad next week will be . 
< PROPFEMALE > is here !! The two KB's are dropping off the littlest KB and then we are on the way to Atlanta ! 
wishes Wilmington had < PROPFEMALE > burgers . Because they are deriscious ! 
off to see Shutter Island and then bowling ! Dagnabit , I'm going to have to use a house ball since mine is 6 1/2 hours away . 
came as a rat . 
has a bed full of strawberry Pop-Tart crumbs . 
What is this \empathy\ " thing you speak of ? Sounds so ... impractical . " 
Just ordered the Samsung Rogue and the Motorola Droid . Can't wait to get our new toys !! :) 
\Today is a take no prisoners kind of day . \"" 
is jamming out to the new < PROPFIRST > Doughty album , Sad Man Happy Man . Very ' Skittishy ' . Much better than < PROPFEMALE > Delicious . 
Crapitism . 
I was told I was whining a lot today . So I went and bought some wine . 
is eating cereal for a snack . I think I'm going to join < PROPMALE > and become a weight loss detractor . To the winner , enjoy my $20 . :) 
There is a reason why companies put their I.T. guys in inaccessible caves . 
“Some cause happiness wherever they go ; others whenever they go . ” 
Que Sera , Sera 
has a wee bit of a headache this morn ' . 
Insomnia and a bloody nose . What a wonderful start ... have a feeling this is going to be a craptastic day . 
Rut Row . 
\A man who carries a cat by the tail learns something he can learn in no other way . \"" 
Ugh . I have to reduce my email down to 2/3 of what it is ... by the end of day . I hope I don't need that ... DELETE DELETE DELETE . 
Ugh . Again . After hours of deleting email , I'm still over the limit . Now I have Exchange and can't email anymore until I get it under 500 MB . DISLIKE DISLIKE DISLIKE . 
It's about damn time I had fun on a Thursday night . And I also like the fact I can choose who will see this post , and who will not . 
Star-News : There is a bad wreck on the Cape Fear Memorial bridge . Does anyone know what happened ? 
Muhahahahahaha ... 
Ugh . My car looks like a yellow peep on wheels . 
Yes , I understand it is a priority on your list . That doesn't necessarily make it a priority on mine . 
Insanity . That's what I'll plead . 
apparently is incapable of playing 99.9% of video games without dying in the first 60 seconds . 
is downtown feeling like The Count . One , one rehtard . Two , two rehtards . Three , three rehtards . Ah ah ah ... 
Come on people . My name is not Wiki or Google , so puhleeze try to figure it out without me holding your hand . 
This week is brought to you by the number \8\ " and the letter \ " e . \"" 
is about to throw her stapler at that creepy HVAC guy . 
Really ? You expect me to do that asap ? I expected you to turn your shit in on time , not three days late . Get the f #ck outta here . 
In honor of the old marketing team's lunch date tomorrow , I must post our favorite Christmas < PROPFIRST > from < PROPFEMALE>'s ... 
learned an important lesson last night . Apparently , I'm so out of shape I have to perform warm-up stretches before I bowl . 
can't believe her baby girl turned 16 today . 
wishes her back would stop hurting ... :( 
Thank goodness ... relief . And it ain't Rolaids . 
Single-handedly took down three RIPS at once . Ka-pow ! 
is going a hundred and fifty < PROPMALE > per hour ... vroooom ! 
For a source of late night amusement , I went through the Kicking Mule's drive thru and purchased a box of tampons . 
\My my my it’s a beautiful world/ I like driving in my car/ Roll the top down sometimes I travel quite far/ Drive to the ocean stare up at the stars/ I like driving in my car \"" 
I swear , I think my cat smokes crack . 
Boooowwling Tourney in two hours ... 
is being ... < PROPFEMALE > . 
thinks it would be quite appropriate if the marching band , that is practicing outside , marched right through this building . 
just ate a sales rep for lunch . 
My 12-year-old $5 fan from Walmart is making odd noises ... I guess sticking the pica ruler in it , while it was running , was not such a good idea . 
WTH . I thought only one < PROPFIRST > was going to be closed , not the whole bridge . This is ridiculous . 
About to head to Battleship Park for Paw Jam . Stop by the StarNews tent and say hello as we recruit contestants for this years Pet Idol ! 
is in < PROPFEMALE > killing time . Korn at HOB ... you won't be seeing me at work tomorrow . 
Some bands throw picks and drumsticks into the crowd . This one hurls bottled water . Lol . Pity the guy who fails to pay attention . 
I think i have spoiled my < PROPFEMALE > . Pogo now thinks he's entitled to half of whatever I eat . 
How annoying . No Facebook chat ? Nothing will connect . Firefox , Adium , nor my Droid . 
What better way to celebrate Cinco de Mayo than to be at El Cerro ... 
So , if a dream about being in a tornado is an indicator that you feel like you have no control over your life ... what about dreaming about preparing for a tornado that is about to hit , then \ 
disappears , mean ? 
<3 Healthy Harvest muffin's from PCJ are DEE-RICIOUS . <3 
doesn't want to be like everyone else . 
just ruined a childhood memory . 
\Those who can laugh without cause have either found the true meaning of happiness or have gone stark raving mad . \"" 
has finally sent off the last batch of business cards to the printer . Yeah ! 
is hanging out at TGIFs with < PROPFIRST > and the gang . Ole times ... 
Last night had to weigh whether or not to go home and study , or to continue to catch up with a much-missed friend . Uh , let me go ahead and say ... sorry Team A . 
is plumb tuckered out . 
finds it nice that the guys from AutoZone will put oil in a gal's car . It would be even nicer if they remembered to put the cap back on ... what a mess ! 
is at Taste of Wilmington helping set up . This evening should be a blast ! 
A free cup of coffee from PCJ , just because . I hope that is a sign for how the remainder of Monday will go . 
Mythbusters said you could polish a turd . So I washed my car . 
cleaned out her glovebox and found Kaytlin's video iPod Classic that has been MIA for 2+ years . Mine now . I predict today will be another good day . :) 
Pogo is a good < PROPFEMALE > . Pogo is a good < PROPFEMALE > . Pogo is a good < PROPFEMALE > . [ open eyes slowly]\ 
Damn . Still in Kansas . 
Soccer game , new car , soccer game , beach . My day in a nutshell . 
Sitting on the beach , sipping some Merlot ... 
\How ya feelin' ? \ " \ 
really shouldn't get so much enjoyment out of starting a marital dispute . Lol , she mad . 
Peanut butter and jelly . And wine . 
is wondering why she finds it so difficult to pour coffee in the cup , not on the ground . Every time I get a cup , I have to clean up a puddle . :/ 
has been stuck on 3rd for an hour . If a stalled truck is the problem , uh ... here's a thought ... move it . 
waiting for my sisters to get here for a fun weekend . When asked what our are plans are , my response is always , \Plans ? What's that ? I prefer to wing it . \ " It's always much more fun not to know what comes next . " 
Awful House , Kure Beach , < PROPFIRST>'s Seafood , Kure Beach , Tiki Bar , Avatar at < PROPFEMALE > Beach ... what a great way to celebrate such a GREAT DAY ! :) 
is still trying to get to the beach ... because going with my family is just as much an ordeal as it is an adventure . 
Thanks for all of the birthday wishes ... they've made a great day even better . :) 
is eyeing the house trying to figure out if she can ignore the messiness for one more week . Erm , yeah . I think I can . 
finds moving a parking ticket from one car and placing it on another quite amusing . However , the owners of the cars , probably do not . 
made it 24 hours without a cigarette or committing a homicide . 
has now made it 83 hours without a cigarette or poking someone repeatedly in the eye with an X-Acto knife . 
Just kicked off her heels after a beautiful evening at the Red Cross < PROPFEMALE > in Landfall . Wine , great food , and even greater company ... 
The only time I left the house today was to get two coffees and some Draino . 
is going 200 mph and is hoping a brick wall is NOT around that next bend ... 
ate quite a few Dum-Dums today . Instead of tasting like an ashtray , I now taste like butterscotch/root beer/cream soda/bubble gum/mystery flavor ... 
is glad that she knows how to drive a stick shift . Because right now , I feel like I'm switching gears every ten seconds . 
Uhhh ... I know it's being worked on , but this network slowness is killing my productivity . 
\How's the no smoking going ? Can you feel yourself gaining weight ? \ " WAT . Seriously ? That is your encouraging words ? I'd hate to see you talk a jumper off the ledge . " 
\I cared for eight seconds . Then I got distracted . \"" 
thinks that today sounds like a good day to do absolutely nothing . 
Just played her first 18 holes of golf . I was bad , but not as terriBELL as I thought I would be . 
So ... I'm thinking the ten Double Stuff Oreos I just consumed kinda cancelled out my healthy lunch and dinner . Oh well . I'm okay with that . 
just wants this day-long headache to go away ... 
Pender County Courthouse mugs ! $3 each or 2 for $5 !! 
My Pogo < PROPFEMALE > is missing . Must have gotten outside yesterday . For those living in < PROPMALE > , if you see a white < PROPFEMALE > with gray spots , please call me @ 264-8295 . 
is missing her Pogo < PROPFEMALE > . Come home Pogos ... ! 
is testing the power of social networking by placing an ad on Facebook for her missing Pogo ... ( cross fingers ) . 
I found my POGOS !! YAY YAY YAY !!! 
Okaaay . Deciding to not wear the patch today was not a good idea . PMSx10 is the result . Patch on . Hopefully bitch gone . 
An entire weekend with no air conditioning . Joy . 
Slow progress on 74/76 . Took 25 minutes to get from one < PROPMALE > exit to the other . 
Other than the fact that my air is STILL NOT WORKING , today was a pretty good day . :) 
has just settled into her new office in Accounting . I thinks I like it up here . :) 
Apparently the wiring is all screwed up in this place and the AC Guy has to come back and fix . He needs to hurry on up , so I can get to work ... 
( Insert expletive here ) . I thought the air was fixed . 
\Without a concise set of rules to follow we would probably all have to resort to common sense . \"" 
You know , the Twilight movie series would probably be better if the producers had cast people who could act . Enough with the constipated looks already . 
is having fun going through old photos and posting them on people's pages . 
is looking at the mile of taillights before her and is thinking that she should have laid off the snooze button . 
loves the smell of fail first thing in the morning . 
Finally . At home and the voices have stopped . 
is feeling mischievous today ... 
Yes Pogos , you are a serious pain in Mommy's ass . 
Golfing . In the rain . <3 
WHATEVS . Lolol . 
Yeah , probably shouldn't have done that . 
Instead of a sign that says \Do Not Disturb\ " I need one that says \ " Already Disturbed Proceed With Caution . \"" 
Alright . Good day . Didn't pick a fight with my new boss lady , nor start any family wars with the ex . Lol . 
dug through her purse to find half of a nicotine patch . Feeling evil this week ... 
just ate today's lunch and dinner . Dang , I feel like a big piggy . 
Only I could manage to have two pins left and only hit the sleeper . 
We should do this everyday ... !! 
Troll-lo-lol-lo-lolll ... 
is looking at her sliding glass door and thinking , this is about to be one hell of a mess . 
is watching 2012 again because the first time just wasn't bad enough . 
Lol . Went to browse 4Chan out of sheer boredom and discovered my IP has been banned . Thanks , Troll Guy . 
is relaxing while Kaytlin and < PROPMALE > cook dinner . I hope they do the dishes , too . 
Must be the day for popular Overheard in the Newsroom posts ... because this one is so me : “Wow . I just saw in your expression every single four-letter word you know . ”\ 
\ 
Who , me ? Nowai . I gotz a great poker face ... 
Just because I can , doesn't mean I should . But , just because I shouldn't doesn't mean I won't . 
Does anyone know anybody that plays the N.C. lottery often ( win or lose ) and wouldn't mind being interviewed for a story that < PROPFIRST > Gannon is doing on how much people play the lottery in Brunswick , New Hanover and Pender counties ? 
Feels like a tard because she never understood the usefulness of png files . Facepalm . 
likes commas . 
You need that when ? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA [ breathe ] HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA 
So , all of the aunties ( and mommies ) have been removed from < PROPFIRST>'s Facebook < PROPFEMALE > . He could have at least thrown us in a list where we couldn't see anything . But no . 
\The power of accurate observation is frequently called cynicism by those who don't have it . \"" 
Ahhhrgh . Why does there have to be a gagillion passwords and why do they all have to change at the same dang time ? 
Internet service is down so just tethered using my Droid . Hmm . Not bad . In fact , streams video faster than my basic DSL package . 
was trying to figure out what the burning smell was in the breakroom ... then realized it was her paper coffee cup baking in the microwave . Oops . 
Beer . 
Had a great day at the Today's Woman Conference ... ! 
+ three shots of espresso + large coffee = 
is watching the Bad Girls Club . Lol . Who knew that this show was going to be so entertaining ? 
Does anyone know of a restaurant in town that serves alligator ? 
Ummm , lets call tonight's dinner ... ah , blackened pork chops . Yes , that is what it is . 
was just called an internet goddess . Hmmm . Yes , I believe I like that title . From here on out , everyone must refer to me as < PROPFEMALE > , The Internet Goddess . 
is looking forward to going to lunch with one of her favs , < PROPFEMALE > Trowbridge < PROPFIRST > . 
My other personalities are trying to surface ... must suppress . \ 
? (????•?) ? ? (-???- ? ) ? ? (?????) ? ? (-???•?) ? ? (×?×) ? Ugh . I failed . 
is on autopilot . 
is at the Brunswick County courthouse hoping that bail money will not be needed ... 
Just watched < PROPFEMALE > Trolley try to beam somebody upside the the head with a SNV.com football . She is no longer allowed to throw them ... 
is contemplating changing her Facebook habits so that everything she says is happy , kind , and supportive ( ack ) . Thoughts ? 
To AT&T and to the generic phone book company : unless your book can perform amazing feats , don't leave it at my door or in my mailbox . I have Google . kthx . 
is officially on vacation ... 
has been buried in a book all day . 
Dearest child , yes you are grounded . Send me one more text and I'm going to cut your phone off . kthx . 
Clean house . Check . Plan the weekend activities . Check . Now off to the grocery and liquor stores before company arrives !! 
is eyeing her drink concoction and thinking it tastes a bit like an \Elliott . \ " Oh dear . This could be an eventful evening . " 
Last day of vacation ... had a great weekend with the family , fridge still stocked with leftover booze , and on book number three . Ah . Bliss . 
Would it be horrible if someone went to Walmart and opened up hair color boxes and switched the little tubes of color out ? Hmmm ... yes , it would be , wouldn't it [ twirls hair thoughtfully] ? 
just wasted 40 minutes trying to get the modifier keys to start working in Illustrator . Delete preferences , change order of program start-up , update software , restart , restart , restart . Ugh . 
is curious to know what paper Douchebagdesigner works at ... 
Old people shouldn't Facebook . You just . Do it wrong . 
Five days . Four books . What better way to escape reality than to emerge oneself in a book ? None , I say . Book number five tomorrow . 
is at an off-site ' Marketing Strategic Planning ' meeting with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . In actuality , we're plotting ways to take over the world . 
is watching Bless the Beasts and the Children . < PROPFEMALE > Byers Tolley put the song in my mind which made me think of the movie ... 
should be sleeping , but instead is watching her favorite animated movie , Watership Down . 
Over 200 channels and Dragon Quest is on each one . 
Well damn . That sucks ass . 
is missing < PROPMALE > Hatch right now . Because nothing made a hurricane better than leaving pictures of one at his desk , walking by his desk making loud wind noises , and periodically screaming ... \oh my gosh ! The hurricane is now a category five !!! \"" 
Mmmm . < PROPMALE > Capp Hot Fries rock ! Wish the bags were bigger , though . :/ 
just discovered my email from twelve years ago still works . Hi AOL ! 
is going golfing . Sorry houses ... 
How the hell do you spill coffee on top of your car ? I'm not quite sure , but somehow I just did it . 
is rolling the dice ... come on 74/76 ! 
Alright . Had my exercise for the day . Now on the couch with my laptop , a book and < PROPFEMALE > Trek on the T.V. 
\They really shouldn't say Red Bull gives you wings . What if a slow person thought it was true and jumped off a roof thinking they could fly ? \ " \ " Eh . For other species we refer to that as natural selection . \"" 
just updated her to-do list and discovered the estimated time it would take to finish everything on it would be 97.25 hours . Can I start laughing insanely at this point ? 
The Red-Eye will be needed this morning . Herro PCJ ! 
wishes the couch would stop eating the remote . 
Yes . I definitely have two left feet . This was confirmed today in < PROPMALE>'s square dancing class . In addition to that , I also don't know my left from my right , which makes it even more confusing ... Eh . Well at least I can provide some comic relief . 
Hello boys and girls . Today's word of the day is \CLUSTER .... \"" 
is now singing inappropriate songs out loud in her office ... what fun . 
... 
is not very fond of < PROPFIRST > . 
Sigh . This is beyond suck . I officially now hate Bingo . 
is already feeling tomorrow's headache . 
is hoping that Emimen's new album , Recovery , will help with her productivity level today . Type , design , research to the beat . 
\Noooo . Don't smile like that . Do the other smile . You know . The shit-eating grin one . \ " Wat ? Who me ? Lol . " 
\You're not so big that I can't still beat the shit outta you . Smart-mouthed kid . \ " I <3 my dad . Lol . " 
Ouch . 
just had an old boyfriend's dad hit on her via Facebook . Kinda creepy . No . I don't want you to be my friend . That's . That's . Ewwww . 
Four cats and a ferret . Sounds like a bad sitcom . 
Hmmmm . My work email doesn't appear to be working ... trying to debate if this is a good thing , or a bad thing . 
Stop by the StarNews Media tent at Riverfest and say hi ! 
just massacred some eggs . The good news ? They weren't mine . So , solly . [ snicker ] 
Kaytlin < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > Jones were having fun playing Scrabble until < PROPFIRST > pointed out that \ecrater\ " and \ " epon\ " were not words . Now they are playing Sorry ... " 
Windows down , Danzig and The Doors accompanied me on an aimless wander around Brunswick County . And a brief encounter with the Green Hill swamp people made the entire journey a bit surreal ... 
Holy cow . This morning , the line of Bingo people practically extended into the parking lot . I know what door this girl won't be using to get inside the building . 
Someone said it's 80s week ... I'll have to dig for a better photo . This one will have to suffice for now . 
has stumbled across a 64 oz container of vegetable juice in Accounting's refrigerator . Now she's eyeing the cubicles wondering where the rest of the ingredients are hiding . 
Yay ! Now officially on my five day weekend ... and I can't wait for my niece's wedding . Three days of my entire family in Kure Beach . My suggestion to all who live that way ? Leave . 
just had a tard moment . 
My dad just called me a prima < PROPFEMALE > ... :( 
To all of you who have normal families ... you don't know what you are missing . 
is enjoying the last night of her vacation . What an amazingly wonderful weekend ... 
Sometimes you just have to eat peanut butter out of the jar with a spoon . 
\When beetles fight these battles in a bottle with their paddles and the bottle's on a poodle and the poodle's eating noodles ... ... they call this a muddle puddle tweetle poodle beetle noodle bottle paddle battle . \"" 
is clock-watching today . 
Yay ! Free cookie from PCJ . Day off to a good start ... 
Loves it when she sees < PROPMALE > Blevins extension pop up on her phone . It always means good things . It also means I actually answer the phone . 
\Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent . \ " ~ < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > " 
Well , Advil hasn't worked to make my head feel any better ... but waking up to three kitties surrounding me on the bed purring at least helped . 
COFFEE . SYS Not Found : User startup disabled . 
Yes , sometimes chocolate can make things better . 
I guess the grinding , screeching brakes just adds another element of fear when riding the fair rides ... oh dear . 
Angry Birds . Who knew such a stupid game could be so addicting . 
It's hard to win the race , let alone finish it , when you are running Scooby Doo style . 
\I love pranking people and causing traumas in their life ... \ " ~ < PROPFEMALE > Manson " 
When I said this was going to die a painful death , I wasn't referring to myself at the time ... sigh . 
4.5% ALC/VOL . Not nearly enough . 
Only I could successfully flatten a tire as opposed to inflating one ... 
Trainwreckology . The study of impending failure and the \I told you so\ " s that follow . " 
< PROPFIRST > is here !! Yay ! 
Today is my Friday ! Yippee ! 
Black Friday ? I've got an app for that . 
Been sitting on 74/76 for 25 minutes . Haven't even gotten to the exit for Hwy 17 . Yay . Hope the remainder of the day progresses better than this traffic . 
To gas attendant guy at Kangaroo : \Oh wow . Now there are ... snowman peeps . \ " \ " Yeah . Such a . Creative marketing . Ploy . \ " \ " I sense a bit of sarcasm there . \ " \ " What . No . Not from me . \ " I think I will make it a point to stop by that particular gas station more often . ROFL . " 
After spending a half an hour searching Shutterstock for the perfect wine illustration , I'm st < PROPMALE > ing to wish I was a Geppetto of vector < PROPMALE > . 
My dearest Pogo , no , I do not think \smash the Christmas ornaments\ " is an amusing game . " 
Mmmm . Hot cocoa . Just need some Kahlua and whipped cream ... 
Why Illustrator ... why ? Every other program in the world saves a temp file . But you ? Nooo . You make us save every few minutes for fear of losing all of our work . Arrrggg ! 
Ugh , I play one stupid Facebook game ( not even sure why I do ... ) and it forces me to let it \manage my events . \ " I should let those fish die just because of that . " 
Cabernet Shiraz , brie , and green apples ... yum . 
Finally watching < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs . the World ... 
Curled up on the couch , buried under a quilt , reading a book , drinking coffee and occasionally glancing ( and laughing ) at the ugliest Christmas tree in the world ... For a rainy Saturday , I'm quite content . 
Another Red Box night ... nothing but crap on the television . This nights selection ? Toy Story 3 . 
My Christmas tree looks much better when I turn out the lights . 
is watching the original TRON ... 
Fish heads . Fish heads . Roly poly fish heads . Fish heads . Fish heads . Eat them up . Yum . 
is on a 5,000 calorie diet today . Yeah , baby . 
is almost done with the company \Holiday\ " ad and has decided that < PROPMALE > Hagerty gets the gold < PROPFEMALE > for the best photo . Nice sunglasses . " 
is wondering if posting < PROPFEMALE > Christmas on everyone's Facebook < PROPFEMALE > would be acceptable ... I forgot to buy Christmas cards again . 
just finished reading \The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo . \ " Now onto \ " The Girl Who Played with Fire . \"" 
I may not be a rocket scientist ... but I at least know to reboot my computer before putting in a call to computer support . Come on people ... 
Whoops . I just ate someone's Christmas present . 
Wat to do ? Read a book , watch a movie , or keep playing with my mini tablet ? 
wore her pjs all day long . 
Don't you hate it when 3pm hits and all you want to do is lie down and take a nap ? Oh wait . I'm on vacation . G'night . 
Archer . Why haven't I seen this show before ? It's so . So . Wrong . I love it . 
Oh , intuitive me . 
Happy Birthday , < PROPMALE > Connors . I would write it on your wall , but apparently I'm not on the right \list . \ " Lunch . Soon . :) " 
Freaks and Geeks ... love this show . 
Yesss . Early release from work due to snow . Whodathunk ? 
So , at what point will the roads be fairly safe to travel on ? Not particularly interested in parking my car in a ditch tomorrow morning . My tires kinda suck in this stuff . 
Just sat threw four cycles at 5th and Wooster . Accident ? Bridge up ? A jumper ? Guess I'll find out at some point . 
really feels like a fool . Live and learn , I suppose . 
Tonight is the first class of Introduction to CSS & XHTML and it starts off with a pre-course quiz . Let's see how much I retained from the 45 minutes of \Vaughn Training\ " a couple of weeks ago ... " 
Nothing like the smell of burning rubber and the sound of crunching metal to give you that early morning adrenaline rush . Thank goodness I wasn't texting , that two car collision could have been three . 
Whodathunk that the Commemorative Cup promo would generate so much business . Eight cups have now been sold out since the start of the ad run . 
Dots and spans and classes and selectors and tags and style rules ... oh my . Brain overload . 
Although I'm having fun testing out video chat with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > , I have a feeling that my co-workers are finding the BLIP , BLIP , BLIP , BLIP sound annoying as we adjust our sound levels . 
Wat ? I just looked at my cell usage online and discovered my kid has logged 7,155 texts in 15 days . Granted , some are from Facebook and whatever else she has signed up for . But ... seriously ? Thank goodness I have unlimited text and data . Otherwise , I'd be filing for bankruptcy . 
Hell yeah , W2 . 
Does anyone have any whack job repellent spray ? 
Paranoid and delusional ... 
Screw the diet tonight . I have a six-pack with my name written all over it . Sigh . What a day . 
\ ... you're not a screamer like Karen . \ " Lollll . Thanks < PROPFIRST > . I'm still giggling from that . Much needed . :) " 
Trivia . I just added that to the list of things I suck at . 
Lakeland has the radio cranked in the mailroom . Most noise I've heard from that side of the building in a looong time ... 
Exhaustion setting in ... 
Waaay to early to be up on a Saturday . Hopefully this Red Eye from PCJ will do the trick . 
Ok . Being hungry and standing behind a table covered in Hershey's Kisses is not a good thing . 
As of right now , Pepsi < PROPMALE > is in the lead for the best ad campaign ... 
Can Black Eyed Peas stop singing and let Slash take over ? Wow . They suck . It's like horrible karoke ... 
Just had some fantastic Brunswick Stew that < PROPFEMALE > Coffee < PROPFIRST > brought in . Rut Row ... < PROPMALE > Blevins , I think you have some stiff competition . 
Feeling like an ADHD Fraggle today . 
Number two in the Biggest Loser Contest ! I'll have to go find some < PROPFEMALE > and put it on Cece's desk ... 
Booyah . 
Um . That lady that works at the Belville ABC store kinda weirds me out ... 
Well damn . My FB friends are dropping like flies . ROFL . 
\Ummm . You've got some interesting things going on with your hair . \"" 
Go Watson , go ! 
Today . I think today is going to be a good day . 
Hermaphrodite , Aphrodite ... whatever . You know , that Greek goddress ... 
Lunch = all of daily calories . Damn , green beans for dinner . 
Eating healthy sucks . 
Got my Inspiron Duo ! Going to spend the rest of the evening playing with my new gadget . :) 
Is Atlanta bound ! 
Must be one hell of a fire on < PROPFEMALE > . The smoke on I20 is thick ! 
That sure was a lot of wine ... 
I think there is a can eating goat on the back of this train . 
Just found a station that plays 80s music . I guess this will entertain me for a bit on the way back . Bye Atlanta ! 
I've now become obsessed with this game called Blackboard for Windows Touch ... 
Hey , you . Yeah , you . The little guy with the needle that finds it funny to stab it in my < PROPFEMALE > , over and over . You really need to stop . The throbbing is making it difficult to concentrate on work . 
Ok . So the ads on the side of my < PROPFEMALE > are for weight loss , droopy bottoms , wrinkle reduction , and designer drugs . WTF ? 
Was about to go to bed , but then discovered Cujo was on ... 
Warning : Aggravation level is extremely high . 
Lets see how many programs my duo can run ... Illustrator , Photoshop , Chrome , Pandora , Digsby ... doing pretty good for a tablet/netbook . 
Almost have troll's remorse . Wait . Shake it off . Ok , it's gone . 
The great thing about branding is you don't have to spend an hour trying to figure out what font looks best . You always use the same ones . 
I think I'm getting sick ... blech . 
Let's see if I can stay awake for more than five hours today . 
Just wants to start feeling better . Yuck . 
Stuck on 74/76 ... its taken 40 minutes to travel from second LA exit to the Hwy 17 exit . At least my breaking news text let me know that there's 3 wrecks ahead . 
This whole ordeal is going to drive me to drink . 
Yay . Injured my back . Again . Get to spend the day hobbled over , looking like I have a stick residing somewhere it should not be . 
Ughhh . My back is killing me . The decision to sit on bleachers then on a bar stool for several hours was definitely a poor one . 
Watching the latest Saw movie ... soooo gory . But for some reason I can't stop watching . 
Now the lyrics of \Just What I Needed\ " are playing over and over in my head . Must find it on YouTube to make it stop . " 
Root , or not to root . That is the question . Hmmm . Wifi tethering ... 
You know those HUGE Reese's Peanut Butter Eggs ? Yeah . I just devoured half of one . And it was good . Real good . 
Sitting at Stevenson waiting for their shuttle to return so I can get a lift to work ... at least they have wireless and coffee . 
Trolololololo ... 
Ugh . IE6 . You suck . Do you know how much hack code I have to use just so you will display properly coded XHTML ? To all of you who are using it , please upgrade to a decent browser . 
Using HootSuite to manage SN Media Facebook and Twitter accounts . I just know I'm going to accidentally post something sarcastic and get fired . 
Stupid wrecks . I was going to get PCJ coffee this morning . But no . Ugh . Need another bridge . 
Working on my bullshitery degree . High five in place of an eye roll . Big smile instead of a loud snort . Keeping an uplift in my voice when I say \ha ! \ " to make it sound like it isn't all sarcastic-like . I wonder how long I can keep this up ... " 
Searching for stock < PROPMALE > for campfires and keep finding toasted marshmallows . Now all I want for lunch is a s'more . Melted chocolate , < PROPMALE > crackers and MARSHMALLOWS . YUM . 
Pretty cool . Just got back from the Mid-Atlantic N.A.M.E. Awards Banquet . StarNews Media took home four awards . 2nd place for our inEducation ad , 3rd ( I think , maybe 2nd , can't recall 100%) for a Neuwirth ad , 2nd for Living Here and 1st place for Wilmington Magazine's Top Chef issue . 
Watching the weather and keeping an eye out for flying cows . 
Well , it's a good thing that I have candles from all of those , um , ge t-t ogethers . Yeah . Ge t-t ogethers , that's it . Anyways . Power's out . 
What a perfect day to ask , \where's Waldo ? \"" 
For some reason , I thought we had Monday off . If I hadn't been informed otherwise , I would have been a no-show . Whoops . We changed that years ago ... DerpDittyDerp . 
Use #151 for Spray Glue : Re-adhere bandaid to skin when there isn't a new bandaid available . 
Was planning on going over to Gravity Records after work to try and snag some of the last Old Crow Medicine Show tickets ... but the line has already started . Seeing as I don't leave here until 5pm , that's just not going to work in my favor . Sad duck face . 
I think I'll just copy paste this particular lesson in my CSS/XHTML class . Sorry , if you're blind , mouseless , and use IE 6 , my website will not be for you . 
And for tonight's movie entertainment : A Clockwork Orange . 
So . I've noticed there are three reactions to my hair . 1 . Silence . Because they have no idea what to say , so they say nothing at all . 2 . Eyebrows raise and long stare . WTF did you do to your hair ? 3 . Mouth drops open . OMG , I love it !. Lulz . Oh wait . Forgot one . Hysterical laughing ... but that one isn't as popular . 
Hopes that all of our Tuscaloosa friends are ok ! 
Wow . Following The Tuscaloosa News on Twitter . The photos they are posting are devastating . 
Apparently today is \ignore the news feed\ " day . Blech . < PROPMALE > Wedding ? More like < PROPMALE > Pain in my ass ... " 
Today is the final weigh-in day of the Biggest Loser Contest ... hopefully I've shed those last few pounds that has kept < PROPFIRST > W . Raffone in first . Big Money ! Big Money ! Winners to be announced after 10am . 
Whew . It was so close ! But in the end , I pulled ahead . Fantastic job , < PROPFIRST > W . Raffone . Without our non-stop heckling , I probably wouldn't have done so well . Total weight loss : 30.2 lbs . 
Cheeseburger . Check . Salty fries . Check . A big bottle of wine . Check . 
My blood alcohol content says ... \g'nite FB peeps . \"" 
It's a good thing turkey is considered healthy . I just got a fifth of it . 
\Logic will get you from A to B . Imagination will take you anywhere . \ " ~ < PROPFIRST > Einstein " 
\When beetles fight these battles in a bottle with their paddles and the bottle's on a poodle and the poodle's eating noodles ... they call this a muddle puddle tweetle poodle beetle noodle bottle paddle battle . \ " Loved reading this book as fast as possible . " 
? \Don't ask me\ 
\STOP - please stop - If you are having an issue - please DO NOT reply to ALL\ " Bawhahahaha . I think I like that guy . " 
Sooo tired . And it's only going to get worse , I fear . 
For some reason , I like the smell of old books . Almost as much as the purple copying ink my elementary teachers used to use . 
Breathe . ( Sometimes I have to remind myself ) 
Heading to < PROPMALE > ... was lucky that < PROPFIRST > Blackwell didn't mind giving Kaytlin and I a lift . 
Oh yay ! Mom bought me some < PROPMALE > Beam ! 
Mom : \Would you have a nervous breakdown if you lost access to the internet and your phone ? \ " Lol . Is that a hint that I'm always on one ? " 
Almost side-swiped Mom's car , almost took out the mailbox , and that bush is now a little flattened . Then Dad kicked me out of the truck ... 
Dad's pulling out old videos and stumbles across one that was taken 17 years ago in the hospital ... oh wow . Kaytlin < PROPFEMALE > <3 you . :) 
Warning . About to hit I-40 ... move out of the way of the Budget truck . 
Oh , this could prove to be fun . Building's dark , I'm wearing dark clothes ... hehe . BOO . 
Meh . Not a good day for active directory to go bad . In the newsroom this morning so I can work on all of the Taste stuff . 
I need a beer . 
I'm thinking in fragmented sentences and running into doors . And still have hours of work left tonight ... 
Good thing about working on a Saturday is that I can crank the tunes as loud as I want ... 
Is it Monday , yet ? 
Bouncing around setting up the room for Taste of Wilmington . My tiredness has turned into giddiness . Maybe it's the lack of sleep . 
Hello there , Gatorade . 
Must be another wreck on 74/76 ... will be late to work . Hope I have enough gas . 
Sometimes , I just don't know when to shut-up . 
Vacation , baby . 
< PROPFEMALE > Beach bound . 
Just discovered the magic amount of time it takes to drain the car battery by playing music without it on ... 40 minutes . Dangit . I'm sitting in a parking lot near Oak Island . 
Sun . Rum . And after a few more glasses . A nap . Fantastic day . 
Was playing dominos until mom and dad realized that < PROPMALE > and I were paying more attention to the season finale of Family Guy . 
Last day at the beach . Sad duck face . This has been a much needed mini-vacation . 
If AdOps kicks back one more digital insertion order with cryptic instructions , I'm going to find that guy and kick him . Welcome back to work . Yay ! 
What an annoying day . Oh well . I found cake . Yum . 
Hmm . If you have to deal with me this week , it might be a good idea to keep some chocolate in your pockets . Just sayin ' . I realized the best part of my day was when I was snarfing down that chocolate cake . Coincidence ? I think not . 
Arg ! No air conditioning . Every year it does this . Thank goodness I rent . 
Ok , this is kinda fun . Picking out music tracks to go along with our commercial . 
Off to Fox 26 ! This is the fun part . I get to peer over their commercial producer's shoulder and help with the design . Cool stuff . 
Bawahaha . It's been ages since I've seen All in the Family . < PROPMALE > Bunker , you crack me up . 
“It is only too true that a lot of artists are mentally ill- it's a life which , to put it mildly , makes one an outsider . I'm all right when I completely immerse myself in work , but I'll always remain half crazy . ”\ 
~ < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Gogh 
Curled up reading a book , sipping coffee , and getting luvs from the kittehs . This is a good day . 
Read one book yesterday , onto the next . Ender's Game is an old series , but a good one to read . 
“I like nonsense , it wakes up the brain cells . Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living , It's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope . Which is what I do , And that enables you to laugh at life's realities . ”\ 
~ Dr. Seuss 
Fantastic day , I must say . 
Hum . I just stopped at a gas station near Bolvia and judging by the looks I received , I must be an alien species . Almost broke out into a song ... \one of these things are not like the others ... \"" 
My daughter's boyfriend just called me a cougar ... I lol'd . 
No adult supervision in the business office today . And it's a Friday . Yay ! 
I was watching the Green Hornet and my first thought when the car landed on top of the newspaper press in the middle of a run was , \Wow . That didn't even break a web ... \ " Next thought . \ " I wonder what kind of press that is . \ " Then ... \ " Where are the pressmen ? That can't run without any pressmen . \ " Final thought ... \ " I miss those guys . \"" 
I sure hope stupidity is not infectious ... 
Covered head to toe in Pender County dirt . I really need a shower , but I think I'll collapse on the couch instead . 
Yes , someone pissed in my Cheerios today ... did you have another point you were trying to make ? 
Just because you like Angry Birds does not mean you like Angry Moms . Trust me , you don't want to be the equivalent of a piggy . 
Rain . Puhleaze , rain . 
Today's to-do list : Sleep . Read . Eat . Sleep . 
Well , never got around to that house cleaning yesterday . I think instead of cleaning , I'll just watch Hoarders . Then my place will look clean in comparison . 
Arg ! Where's that melon ball scooper when you really need it ? 
... the moment when you realize it is Wednesday , not Thursday ... 
Transformers : Dark of the < PROPFEMALE > was actually very good . Ten times better than the one before . Maybe even better than the first one . 
Oh heck yeah . Google Chrome has Angry Birds . And I have a touchscreen on my computer . Yesssss . 
I woke up this morning and thought I was stuck in a 1980's horror movie ... 
My goal is to corrupt the new girl in accounting . Muhahaha . 
Why is it every time I cut up a fresh jalapeno the first thing I do is put my finger in my eye ? Then it burns and I rub harder . Owowowow . 
If you tell me I shouldn't do that , it is now more likely that I will . 
This weekend has pretty much consisted of watching every episode of this season's MasterChef . Totally rooting for Christian . 
Golfing ... or at least attempting to . 
Riding around town and I suddenly had this urge to throw my empty Powerade bottle through other car's open windows . Fun game . But I don't think I'd win a prize . 
Hell's Kitchen AND MasterChef ? Yay !! Good TV night . :) 
I am not a poo head . 
Energy ? Zilch . Throat ? On fire . Head ? Pounding . Ears ? Ringing and achy . I think I'll go back to bed . 
One doctor's appointment . Two prescriptions . Over $75 . Freakin ' fantastic . 
Maybe I shouldn't have slept all day ... 
Woah . At work and just realized that this decongestant has me in a serious fog . Not all brain synapses are firing together ... more so than normal , that is . 
Ugh . Tired of laying in bed alllll day . 
Just took an online test to see if I had ADD ... \it would be advisable and likely beneficial for you to seek further diagnosis from a trained mental health professional immediately . \ " ROFL . OMG . I can't stop laughing . " 
I was having a bit of a rough day , but < PROPMALE > Greene made me smile and made it better ... miss you , < PROPMALE > bo ! Béla Fleck , here we come ! 
I've named several filler ads \WT Filler\ " for WilmingtonTickets.com promotions . It was pointed out today that I forgot a letter . Lollll . " 
“The best way to behave is to misbehave . ” 
Just did a reverse Thorogood . Lololol . 
That nap was seriously needed . Hmm . What trouble should I get into tonight ? 
Seriously ? How many people are going to hit reply to all ? * facepalm * 
Hmmm . My entire newsfeed is filled up all my new MBTI frondz . My IRL friends have all disappeared . Lol . You know you're a geek when ... 
Maybe I need to use a different browser today . Even though I'm not checking Facebook , RockMelt keeps letting me know that I have notifications ... and its killing me not to check . Work work work . Yuck . 
It's a little warm in this closet . 
I LOVE POSTING ON FACEBOOK !!!!!!!!!! YAY ! WooHoo !!!!!!! \ 
^^ If you consistently post things in all caps and use a hundred exclamation points , I'm removing you as a friend . Or at least hiding your posts from my wall ... 
* Explicit word * 
So many idiots , so few bullets . 
I just love waking up in the middle of the night and not being able to fall back asleep ... 
To whomever tossed the < PROPFEMALE > in the ladies bathroom toilet : it is still there , even after the flush . I'm sorry to inform you that your wish will probably not come true . But , you probably already anticipated that ... didn't you ? 
Meh . After the torrential downpour last night at the Jamboree , my Droid is now behaving like it is possessed . It's now hanging out with some rice , maybe they can clear the demons . If not ... hmmm . Thunderbolt , maybe ? 
Kaytlin & < PROPMALE > brought home this pepper to try ... found out that it was called a \ghost pepper . \ " I'm still in agony . Milk . Check . Bread . Check . Tears ? Check . " 
Anyone know where I can get Lithium ? I really need to spike someone's drink every morning for my own sanity's sake . 
How brilliant . Close the Memorial bridge then shut down lanes on the road that leads to the other bridge ... 
Almost recovered from yesterday . Key word is almost . But it was worth it . 
I really think they should make the boats wait until after rush hour to cross ... 
So , everyone was asking ... \did you just feel that ? \ " And I didn't . Maybe I should lay off the caffeine since I couldn't tell the earth was quaking . " 
Ok . What's up with this mornings backup on 74/76 ? Wreck ? Bridge ? Crazy Walmart lady throwing shopping carts ? 
Kaytlin : \Why does it look like there are booby prints on the glass window ? \ " Silence . \ " Mommmmm !! \ " LOL . " 
Why , hello there , happiness . Where have you been ? I've missed you . 
Is it just me , or is The Weather Channel being overly dramatic about < PROPFEMALE > ? Maybe I'm just desensitized ... 
Bored . Wish a cow would fly by . 
I cleaned the house today and had to move a bunch of computers around so I could dust and vacuum . After moving the third one I stopped and counted . Eight . There are eight different computers/laptops/tablets in my living room . And that's not counting the ones in the bedrooms . 
Whoa . Just realized the we are off on Monday ... yay for three day weekends ! 
Was about to post that I was exhausted from going 150 mph at work for 10 hours ... then thought about the newsroom and what they did over the weekend . I'm all good . :) 
I think there might be something swrong with me ... lollll . 
