Napping on the couch . \ 
Napping on the couch . \ 
Looking like a fool while napping on the couch . \ 
Drool from your mouth\ 
Head in the cushions\ 
Looking like a fool while napping on the couch 

Time to write a DBQ whoo 
Life is like a box of chocolates . You never know what you are gonna get . \ 
Epic movie 
Life is like a box of chocolates . younever know what your gonna get . Like a two hour lay over in Atlanta , GA < PROPFEMALE > for everyone else . When your trip is the twin cities to Philidelphia . Its like What ???? 
Ah the morning . What a wonderful thing it is . If only I were able to sleep through it . Ah sleep another wonderful thing .... babble babble babble 
i needs to SLEEEP THEN BAND WOOT 
Time for Day two of band camp WOOT WOOT 
there is nothing like coming home showering and falling dead asleep after a 9 hour day of band camp WOOT zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
Guess what ? We have day three of band camp . YAY 
0.0 its crazy my quads are nt trying to eat me 
Ah First full day of Rest =D yay 
Woot woot 2nd week of band camp . AWESOME Piece for the closer . SO INTENSE . 
Guess what ! Guess What ! Guess What ! This one time at band camp .... there was rain clouds , rain , clouds , s < PROPFEMALE > , Dinner , ( Yummers =3 ) all good parts stripped from the music .... ( Rawr you woodwinds and your crazy < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > derstandable crazys spews of notes ) And we Marched almost the whole opener 0.0 WOOT WOOT \Take it from the top to HEAYA \"" 
After another tiring day of band camp ... Lets get up and do it again =D 
We did not start the fire but it has been always burning ever since the world has been turning . 
Tip of the day- try not to shove a roll of duct tape up your nose while taking your drivers test . 
Life is like a sewer- what you get out depends on what you put into it 
Why is it that when i need to go somewhere its always the way your not supposed to go to get there that seems like the only way to go ... life is very confusing\ 
Oh well =D if you make enough right turns you will eventually be going left =D 
Hrrrrrmmmm .... Not sure what to think right now . Come back later to find out . 
Tweet ... Again Tweet ... Again\ 
Whats that song called ? UUUUUUUUGGGGGHHH 
You've got weasels on your face ... 
I DONT WANNA GO TO SCHOOL =( Summer was too short 
Well one last bit of advice .. Watch out for albino dwarves trying to trade toothbrushes with you , To be honest you gotta watch out because they have some nasty teeth from all those raw mushrooms and whatnot .. its quite something .. So if < PROPFIRST > comes to meet you avoid trading toothbrushes with him because , he may be one of them and is conspiring to take us all down one by one by trading us poisen mushroom toothbrushes .. 
i luves my schedule 
Bionic Cats are evil masterminds of disguise . To avoid them youll need a Pitchfork a rubber band , crazy glue , duct tape , and a giant StayPuff Marshmellow Man costume ... If you can figure out a use for them ... You are a better man than I . 
KNIGHT OF SOUND =D you betta be ready everybody because here comes NPMK 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BESSY ... you are an epic sousaphone 
Ah life its like a bowl of assorted fruit snacks . There is always that one color that you really ... really love , and then theres the rest that sit and rot in the baggie because you do not feel like eating them . Ah don't you love the inevitable facts of life that you can't seem to escape . 
Ah the love of Bear bombing ... I cant wait for more of my wacky adventures 
You know when this is all said and done the only winner of the game will be the < PROPFEMALE > rotund humanoid creature whos physique is that of a great quantity of gyrating rubber disks . 
Youv'e got weasels on your face ... 
I have figured out Past , present , future , and middle . 
ah lightning =D its so beautiful to watch 
=( my phone is out of commission for the moment =( weep 
somehow won at the competion today even though he had a horrid show ... 
Ya that whole planned im gonna get my DBQ done today ... yeah about that 
gaaaah crazy crazy homework 
When fighting to believe in a love you can't see\ 
Just know there is a purpose for those who wait\ 
The pressure makes us stronger\ 
The struggle makes us hunger\ 
The hard lessons make the difference\ 
And the difference makes it worth it . - For those who wait 
i have a new phone huzzah 
Ninja Wizard Boxes ! 
Doctors appointments are so fun you hurry to a cramped waiting room to wait but if you are late you need to wait longer ... Then you get to the little room where you wait more ... I am sensing a trend 
YAY FOR PSATS ..... dang fluffing standardized tests . im going to look at you like a cow looks an on coming train and ill feel my future hit me right there ... like KACHOW ! 
Wow i just hibernated for 12 hours and im still tired 
Delay of the inevitable truth is pointless ... accept it and move on to deal with it ... \ 
EVIL HOMEWORK 
History .... its oozing im i can think no longer 
Ah the joys of having a fifteen year old sister learning to play a new instrument huzzah about the Tuba sounding like a duck 
huzzah 
This is an life-changing statement 
Hmmmm ... Thought escapes me at this moment 
The miracle is not to fly in the air , or to walk on the water , but to walk on the earth . ~ Chinese Proverb 
When one door closes another opens ... If thats the case . How am i supposed to heat my house ? 
Lets put this in perspecive ... I wore a big green hat wore a sticky furry fuzzy thing on my lip and overalls that were HUGE on me to dance with a ton of other people and then go to strangers houses demanding < PROPFEMALE > . I love halloween 
IT IS TUBA TIME 
Hahahaha . I'm happy 
Meh rererere =3 
Ah some days ... Don't you just feel like a rabid minotaur zombie =D 
Rawr with a capital w 
Game Over ... Would You Like to Insert Credits to Continue ? 
\Never trust a computer you can't throw out a window . \ " \ 
The light at the end of the tunnel is often the headlamp of an oncoming train . 
I want to drive a Zamboni ... You all are just jealous 
FlufferNutter ... Part fluff part nutter all awesomeness 
The pleasure of a dream is that it is a fantasy . If it happens it was never a dream . 
type your name-Patrick Martin\ 
with your elbow- ;;p ;[ sazgfgkl v , xzfgtghki nm\ 
with your nose- < PROPFIRST > martin\ 
your eyes closed- patruvj msrtin\ 
Put this as your status and DO NOT ERASE ANY MISTAKES 
Sleep ... The one thing that is able to consistently evade my grasp on a daily occurrence . 
Thinking about life , I began to wonder what is the point to it all . We go to school so that we can work . We work to gain possessions and in the end have to leave them all behind no matter how aggrandized the amount of wealth . All the time spent and interactions here are temporary . If everything in our society promotes and is structured around is not lasting , what do you strive for in the end that makes life worth it ? 
Everything you know is wrong 
When you think it is over it probably is . 
A red < PROPFEMALE > shall rise when war breaks out tomorrow when one geek must battle the other with marshmallow-shooting cardboard weaponry ... but for now * Under construction * 
You and I wake up in jail together . ( Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? ) Note : If you comment you must copy and paste this to your status so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along . 
This is quite something . 
Wow ... Relationships can be really great ... but they can be a total butt as well ... 
Whoo ... only one more OSR and i am done\ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Garrison is the answer if you did not know already 
This is not a status . 
I calculated the odds of success against the odds that i was doing something really stupid .... and i did it anyway 
Is epically confused on many things . 
Gah . Facebook you have sucked me into another liking spree . =( There went an hour i will never get back 
What is everyone's opinion of Holden Caufield ? 
My sister who is in 9th grade juat asked me what \forbid\ " means .... This is a new low " 
RAWR MASSIVE POKE WAR 
Work on the beta . Watch Bleach . Sleep . Sounds like a good night to me 
Watching snow fall from my roof is fun 
GO PACK GO . It is time to go get ready for the super bowl 
Awesome first half 21-10 Packers =D Lets bring it home to Title town boys 
GREEN BAY TOOK IT HOME TO TITLE TOWN USA !!! #13 NFL chamionship woot woot 
My birthday is in exactly 1 week Huzzah 
Thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday =D You guys are the best . 
Hmm ... Has thought evaded me today ? 
If i had any idea what I was talking about I would be dangerous . 
Go to your profile , the first five friends on your sidebar are your teammates for the impending zombie apocalypse : < PROPFIRST > Berg , < PROPMALE > Ruggieri , < PROPFIRST > Carpio , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Koeplinger . \ 
\ 
This can't end well . 
