u wana kno wat on my mind ..... Y AM I ON THE COMP AT 12 ! jesus fault ! lol jk ily ! 

getin license [ aug . 3 ] so excited ! (: 
going to NJ . the 5th cant wait ! 
wow there r some freaky ppl n perves ! lmao 
i got my license so happy ! (: 
going to NJ in a few hrs (: 
in NJ wit fams (: 
bord as hell ! 
homecomin tomorrow so excited :) 
homecoming :) so nervous ! 
pics from homecoming :) i had so much fun . 
Be strong and courageous . Do not be afraid or terrified because of them , for the LORD your God goes with you ; he will never leave you nor forsake you . 
finally in NJ ! (: 
going home ! (: 
Loves her boyfriend * Jb * and her bestfriend * Ale * :D 
beach wit fams !!! :) 
<3 
What's on my mind ... hmm ... how my bf makes me so happy :) 
Miss that special someone :/ 
My baby finally came back home and made my day :) 
CHEW UR NIPPLESSSSSS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SAID BY ME AT 3:17 AM ! WIT MY cuz vin jailbreakin ipod :D 
what's on my mind ?!?! Havin the best time going to mc ds at 12 pm wit my cuzin vinny :D and 2nd off spending time wit bf :) 
thank u everyone for wishing me a happy birthday :) hope you guys have a wounderful day as well ! 
< PROPFEMALE > me on < PROPFEMALE > Chat ! at ID : vero93 - http://pingchat.com 
I'm in DR so if anyone trys to contact me don't txt or call tlk to me on here :) 
Going back home monday can't wait to see my love <3 
Home finally !!!! 
Can't sleep !!! -.- 
School -.- 
movies (: 
Michael : i dont need to know about how you just molested jb you freak 
Pretty darn bored !!! -.- 
Wants to know the truth sometimes . 
< PROPFEMALE>' Bramwell = racist !!!! 
What is it wit women who say they love a man who beats them ?! -.- 
Honestly ?... I love my boyfriend with all my heart n if no one can believe it , it's cuz you don't know anything bout our relationship :) 
tlkn to my niece and my brother on OOVOO !! (: 
HOMECOMING !! (: 
so apparently i gota formspring ...? 
i would like to thank my family , Jb and Jorgie for being there i love you guys so much ! 
snow could be fun for a few mins , now its a pain in the ass . MELT !!!! >:) 
Home ! :) 
talking to the one and only LIL brother (: JORGIE !!! 
Y r girls so vicious to one another ? Wat jus cuz u think u better than them makes u special ? Guess wat it dnt . That makes u less of a person with no special quality . And especially bullying someone else n telling them they worthless guess wat ur worthless piece of crap for saying that , and no it's not cool u insecure cold hearted bitchs . Ur a disgrace to human kind . 
\Welcome to abrocrombie and finch here's ur flashlight and gas mask\ " Lmao good times with < PROPFEMALE > White :) " 
its not easy to write a paper if u have internet -.- 
dear god , if i gave all my love away .... could i PLEASE have a refill ? :D 
Best day ever with < PROPFEMALE > . And guess what .... Best friend here to stay for a longgggg time :) 
