TGIF can't wait for the weekend ! 

got my nephews back again their mom just dropped them off . 2and 4 i getting too old for this . but , I LOVE THEM 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JOVANY !!!!!! 
haven't done much today just chillin . nice to not have to think for awhile . monday will come to quick 
HAPPY BIRHTDAY < PROPFIRST > !!!!!!!!! 
Happy Birthday to my wonderful sexy husband . enjoy your day ! love ya baby !!!! xoxoxo 
Well the weekend is over . back to work < PROPMALE > . already know i have to work on the floor til 7p . wonderful . and its a monday , hope its atypical for a monday ... yea right .... 
Another day at work tryin 2 do 3 jobs like everyone . Is it fri yet . 
i just want 1 day where i dont have to worry bout working over . just 1 . 
gotta go do something < PROPMALE > . with my son could be bad ending . i hoping not . but out of my control . whoops ! there i just got 10 more gray hairs just thinking bout it . hope i don't come home lonely 
Back to work < PROPMALE > . already know gotta stay til at least 7pto work the cart . and maybe later . the mars and tars have to be done . another long one . Of course sat and sun will go by quick WHERES MY LOTTERY < PROPFIRST > . GOTTA PLAY GOTTA WIN !!!!!!!!! 
Thank you Lord for getting me thru this last week . I t was a stressful one . and thank you for Saturdays and Sundays !!! 
Just once I could seriously trust someone i love , you think that would be easy , ha ! not so as soon as you let your guard down boom ! then comes the diappointment , and you hear that little voice \told ya not to trust\ " when will i ever learn ?! " 
I wish my life was as exciting as everyone thinks . The things they say I do WOW !!!! I'm doing it and don\t even know it . " 
Life is full of surprises . some good ... some bad ... just gotta do what you gotta do to deal with theselittle surprises . 
I would just like to take a moment to recognize a wonderful man I call my husband who got up ay 7am to walk 2miles to go fix our car . Thank you baby for always doing what you gotta do even when you don't want to . I appreciate you and everything you do for me and our family . THANK YOU !!!!!!!!! 
Thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday ! I had a great day wit my baby n friends . A special thanks to my baby 4 making my day special 
