fuckin hates chrysler .... driving up to Memphis in a little while for some fucked up , boring ass class that will most likely have absolutely nothing to do with anything I do at work . Hell at least they're payin for it all ! Well all except the alcohol ... f 

is gonna blow some shit up ! As soon as the Grand Am Rolex race is over ! 
is ready for this fuckin leg to heal up ! I'm sick of limping around everywhere ... 
can't sleep .... damn it all ... 
apparently my blackberry pin is 31DB9A17 .... so if anyone gives a damn ... there ya go ! 
damn shitty hotel rooms .... i need a goddamn cigarette . 
Hate .... job .... need .... better .... paycheck .... damn .... chrysler .... must .... set .... building ... on .... fire .......... 
in memphis ... another chrysler class ... yay . 
I HATE my job .... here's a little sample ... straight from chrylser ... Enjoy : The voltage network used to transmit messages requires biasing and termination . Each module on the CAN bus network provides its own biasing and termination . There are two types of nodes used in the CAN bus network . On the CAN-C bus , a dominant node has a 120 Ohm termination resistance while a .... 
God , I CANNOT WAIT ' till I'm done with school !! Not this chrysler bullcrap ... I don't give a damn bout that shit ! Ready for a new , much more interesting line o work !!!! Better pay would be nice too ... 
damn its good to be back home !! It's such a beautiful day out ... maybe I should get off this damn fb thing and go do something ! 
En-route to Memphis ... while passing through < PROPMALE > , in rush-hour traffic , I spy a brand new Land Rover LR3 . I noticed it’s equipped with a “Senator” tag ( your tax dollars at work ) and swerving all over the road When I pull up next to the vehicle I notice the jackass is texting while driving I don’t even have anything sarcastic to say about this it’s just that fucking ridiculous !! 
I'm pretty damn sure this instructor is learning this shit as he's teaching it ... THANK GOD < PROPMALE > stopped by ! Maybe I'll actually be able to learn something !! 
I was sitting in my hotel room last night , trying to figure out which is worse , ignorance or apathy ... Then I realized I don't know and I don't care . 
These damn nicotine patches ITCH !!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > Schmitt , one of the sales managers here at McMullan Motors , passed away a few days ago from a brain aneurysm . Mugshot's is helping with a fundraiser to benefit his family . If anyone would like to help ; tickets can be purchased at McMullan's . The Mugshot's trailer will be here this friday , from 10 til 2 . Tickets are 10 bucks . 
Hundreds of years from now , it will not matter what my bank account was , the sort of house I lived in , or the kind of car I drove ... But the world may be different because I did something so bafflingly crazy that my ruins become a tourist attraction . 
When you wish upon a falling < PROPFEMALE > , your dreams can come true . Unless it's really a meteorite hurtling to the Earth which will destroy all life ... Then you're pretty much hosed no matter what you wish for . Unless it's death by meteor ... Then you're in good shape ! 
We are drowning in information but starved for knowledge . 
beer @ shuckuhs tonight .... good times .... good times .... 
\A drug person can learn to cope with things like seeing their dead grandmother crawling up their leg with a knife in her teeth . But no one should be asked to handle this trip . \"" 
I'd really appreciate it if all these pine trees would quit \nuttin\ " all over my car ... and everything else for that matter . " 
some people have a way with words ... I not have with way words . 
Attenshun all y'all K-mart shoppas ... be a-makin < PROPFEMALE > finul seelectshuns becuz we is a-fixin to close up in h < PROPFEMALE > e ... 
not everyone is as insanely in love with hair band music like you are ... so please stop trying to ram that crap down everyone's throat ... thank you . 
These odd FB status update things I'm always posting simply allow me to get the various garbage out of my head without cornering a friend or family member and subjecting them to some long-winded diatribe about my neighbor's dogs ' incessant barking fits . If I have to think about this stuff , so does everyone else .................... You may now go about your business as usual ... Thank you . 
\that's the great thing about < PROPFEMALE > ... cool shit just drops in your lap for no reason ... like the Nobel peace prize . \"" 
My house is in such a state of disarray that I can't find the hot sauce !! Not cool ! Maybe this is a sign I should straighten up a bit ' round here . Although , I did find a bottle of wood glue ... so that's good .. I guess ... trying to be optimistic .... 
' Mere boy ! Uncle Jesse'll give ya a cigarette ! 
Overwhelmed as one would be placed in my position , such a heavy burden now to be the one . Born to bear , and bring to all , the details of our ending . To write it down for all the world to see , but I forgot my pen . Shit the bed again ... Typical ... Strapped down to my bed , feet cold and eyes red . I'm out of my head , am I alive , am I dead ? Sunkist and sudafed/gyroscopes and infrared won't help the brain-dead ... 
Repugnant is a creature who would squander the ability to lift an eye to heaven conscious of his fleeting time here . 
I am not a social creature ... at all ... never have been . I seriously doubt I ever will be . I'm still trying to figure out why I keep attempting to change this . 
thinks life would be unbearable without beer , family guy , old dogs , turbocharged boxer engines , creek banks , and any member of my family ... 
Most firearm accidents occur in the home . Avoid becoming a statistic by getting shot repeatedly at work . 
I posted , not too long ago , that I felt there are more idiots in this world then there are people ... I know now this is FACT ! 
this damn impala I rented smells like a cheap hotel room . 
think it'll rain ? 
is enjoying a hefeweizen at the flying saucer off beale . 
beautiful day at Memphis Brewfest ... now that the rain has stopped ! WAY too many people tho . 
I just tried a beer that tastes like bacon ... wow ... 
Everything we've ever learned is simply that , learned ! It isn't necessarily the truth . 
Thanks facetoob for screwin up my quotes and shit ... nice . 
Why do oil rigs go so far out into the ocean to drill , anyways ? Wouldn't it be easier just to drill at the gas stations ? 
whoot ... whoot ... all aboard the pain train !! 
This country is run by corporations ... 
Why do women INSIST on talking through an ENTIRE movie ? 
Time is that quality of nature which keeps events from happening all at once . Lately , it doesn't seem to be working so great . 
Yo mama so fat , she sat on a quarter and squeezed a booger outta < PROPFIRST > Washington's nose !!...... happy mother's day ! 
couldn't have asked for a better weekend ! 
\People should not be afraid of their governments . Governments should be \ 
In an attempt to make things a little more interesting in my day to day life , I'm going to : 
is feelin ... not so bad !! 
While I'm lying here , pretty much stuck , under the dash of this minivan , my arm twisted up in all sorts of unnatural angles feeling for a bolt I'm not even sure is there , I really begin to realize the values of a good education . 
... I GOT BLISTERS ON ME FINGERS !!! 
......... When all else fails ....... LUBRICATE !! 
is enjoying just sitting outside listening to the wipper-wills .... that's probably spelled wrong . 
My a/c crapped out ... good deal ............................................... well ........... at least my power < PROPMALE > won't be all that high for a little while .... 
Dear God , thank you for cold beer , attic fans ...... and all those other miracles that aren't so obvious to me right now !!!!! 
I only posted this status cause everyone else had they're phones out ... I just wanted to be part of the crowd ... 
Customer decided to ventilate his jeep with a . 45 ... - Sent from my BlackBerry® smartphone 
Intension ... 
Commencing \not giving a shit\ " sequence in .... FIVE .... FOUR .... THREE .... TWO ......................................... " 
Twenny-fo hours , 3 minutes and 15 seconds .... 
waitin in line for the concert with < PROPMALE > ... been waitin for this for too damn long ! 
I hate my alarm clock ... especially when I forget to set it ... 
I've decided to stop using the phrase \common sense\ " ... I'm convinced it just doesn't exist anymore . Something like uncommon sense seems more realistic ... Suggestions ? " 
poppycock 
The scientific theory I like best is that the rings of Saturn are composed entirely of lost airline luggage . 
With my feet upon the ground , I move myself between the sounds , and open wide to suck it in . I feel it move across my skin . I'm reaching up and reaching out . I'm reaching for the random or whatever will bewilder me , whatever will bewilder me . And following our will and wind , we may just go where no one's been . We'll ride the spiral to the end , and may just go where no one's been . Spiral out . Keep going . 
If you're not scared or angry at the thought of a human brain being controlled remotely , then it could be this prototype of mine is finally starting to work . 
Electricity is actually made up of extremely < PROPFEMALE > particles called electrons , that you cannot see with the naked eye ... unless you have been drinking . 
\I just checked in to see what condition my condition was in ... \"" 
pancakes 
Heat index of 117 ? No , thank you ... 
damn phone crapped out ! if anyone needs to contact me send me a message on here ! 
can't frikkin wait to get home !! 
... and on the 32nd day , before he took his dog for his morning walk/BM , God created rice-crispy treats and yoo-hoo ... 
is sick and tired of being sick and tired !! 
I usually have no clue what it is I'm about to say until long after I've already said it . 
Run !! there's dihydrogen monoxide everywhere ! 
Thank you for calling the Poison Control Center's new automated emergency hotline ! Please listen carefully , as our selections have changed ....... 
FOR FUN LETS PLAY Like my status \ 
& I'll tell you : 1 . Something I've learned about you by looking at \ 
your wall for 13 seconds . 2 . The color you remind me of . 3 . My first \ 
memory of you . 4 . The animal you remind me of . 5 . Ask something I've \ 
always wondered about you . 6 . My favorite thing about you . 7 . Give you a\ 
weird nickname . 8 . Challenge you to post this . 
People should not be afraid of their governments . Governments should be afraid of their people . 
had a great thanksgiving with my wonderful girlfriend and her family ! 
I love my job 
why is it that I always get sick on the weekends ? 
Workin in a coal mine ; goin down , down , down ... Workin in a coal mine ; Whoop ! bout slipped down ... 
88% of statistics are made up on the spot . 
I'm burnt out ... 
I cannot fucking wait to quit this job and leave behind this smiley-glad handed , hidden agenda bullshit . 
Whitehouse announced new \environmentally friendly\ " Easter egg roll ... Sad ... " 
