is < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > from the Hangover ... Unfortunately only in spirit . Sigh . 

Every other city I go , every other video ... No matter where I go . I see the same ho . 
dropped his phone in a toilet . 
likes mice . They are uber cute . 
Munching on a bomb-ass breakfast sandwich for later dinner . Mmm . 
Found a good place to be . 
Man .... From 14-3 entering the 4th to losing 20-21 .... Tough being a Raiders fan . But it was close , was hopeful at the end ! 
No class tomorrow ? Guess I can use the extra time ... Hmm ... 
Can't focus on this paper ... So weird . 
Glad that the Raiders were able to win , despite the crap playing . Except for Huff , two interceptions , whoo ! 
Lost my left leg in a lightsaber duel with an 8 year-old . What a way to end a workday . 
Goin ' to seattle , I'm goin ' to seattle ! 
Kinda misses Seattle ... But still good to be home . 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT- if you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , post a comment of your first memory of you and me . when you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you . 
I don't believe it should be this dark before 8pm . It just shouldn't be allowed . 
Always appreciate being appreciated . It makes sense , doesn't it ? 
Never really liked V for Vendetta ... But I'll admit , even I remember the fifth of November . Mostly because several people reminded me through facebook status ... 
Anyone want a chihuahua puppy ? Someone dumped her out of a car in Windsor and she looks about 2-3 months old ... Looking for a good home for her . 
Should be sleepinnnnnnnnnng ! 
Love pool noodle fights oh so much . 
Credit cards = Money from the future !!!! OHMUHGAWD ! 
I forgot just how awesome it is to come home tired . 
If anyone's got any tips on job openings , I need more money ! 
I lost The Game . Again . 
RAIDERS WIN WITH AN AMAZING SERIES OF PLAYS !!!! YESSSSSSS !!!!!! 
Both of my teams win and I'm done with half of a final .... Today's pretty awesome . 
Snow , really ? Fuck ... I hate driving in snow .... Especially early in the morning , ugh ! 
Breathe in , breathe out ... 
All the lonely people , where do they all belong ? 
Dislike days off . 
YESSS !!! Another win for the Raiders !! Hell , < PROPFIRST > even came through in the end !!! 
After faking it for awhile , starting to actually love work again . YAY ! 
Life is amazing . 
< PROPFEMALE > outrageously commercialized celebration of what may or may not have been the birth of someone who may or may not have been the only son of a deity in which you may or may not believe in ! 
People are overrated . 
Back hurting . Feel like an old man .... Not cool . :( 
I suppose I may almost kinda sorta be ready to start seriously considering to begin thinking about making plans for a future . Maybe . 
No . 
Everybody's gotta learn sometime . 
Oh I wanna be inside of you . 
I kinda really don't like being tired and yet not being able to sleep ... Makes me come on facebook and post a stupid status . 
Finally ! A day alllllll to myself . 
It must be for real , cause now I can feel . 
Back into < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s dark dark world .... 
Cause without the sour the sweet isn't as sweet . 
Friends are definitely the people that , no matter what you end up doing together you almost NEVER regret doing it with them . 
Yeah , I played hide and seek at work today . 
A hamster with a kickass sword longs for his master . 
could use a second wind right about now .... Stupid crunch-time . 
My very first in-mail pre-approved credit card offer ... How does this make me feel ? 
\I know that life is beautiful around the world . \"" 
I forgot just how much 8 hours with kids takes out of you . 
I wanna go see the remake of A Nightmare on Elm Street the day it comes out ! 
I feel sad . And the need to cry , but I cant seem to get myself to cry . That makes me more sad . 
I dont want to let myself cry is more accurate . 
Bittersweet . I get to go to mexico again but it's to say my last goodbye to my grandma . I'll miss you Mama Meli . 
I sincerely believe there is a difference between changing FOR someone and changing BECAUSE of someone . 
And now to finish writing a paper ... Hey ! Why don't I waste time doing stuff on facebook ? I see no reason , so let's waste time ! 
I am uber-glad I wasted some time on facebook . I'm gonna see RX Bandits tomorrow !!! :D !! 
Don't say what you'll do . Do what you say . 
To anyone who may see me in the next hour or two : It only LOOKS like I wet my pants . Leaned too close to a wet sink and voila ! 
This night just got a million times awesomer !! As if RX Bandits tonight werent enough ... Now seeing Thrice in June !! 
Amazing show . Got the drumstick . Got a kiss . Tonight rocked . 
You don't have to be near death to be able enjoy the beauty found in the everyday . 
Sometimes , the best plan is to plan to have no plan at all . 
Great run , hearty breakfast , RX Bandits playing , a dog on my lap and another playing with my foot . LIFE ROCKS ! 
Let this day act as a reminder that the planet we all share needs us as much as we need it . Earth day can be everyday if you remember that every bit can help . 
Sad , the movie I ordered from Amazon arrived not working . No Cthulhu for me tonight . :( 
Cold = bad . Sun = good ! 
It kinda makes me sad to see the difference between how childcare should be and how it is ... But it also inspires me to do better ! 
Totally done with the rain . Come back sun ! 
Rain rain , go away , come again another day .... In like 5 months . 
I sit here clutching useless lists ... 
Just one more day in the workweek , and what better way to spend it than by watching a movie I've been looking forward to for awhile now ? A Nightmare on Elm Street tomorrow ! 
\So upset at the world and its mediocrity . \"" 
Keeping our feet on earth shouldnt stop us from believing we can soar . 
I find it funny how much can change from the smallest detail . 
\You're what keeps me believing this world's not all dead . \"" 
To my friend Procrastination , Thank you for the all-nighter I am about to recieve . Sincerely , < PROPMALE > . 
What's that Procrastination ? You wanna < PROPFEMALE > more ? Sure ! I have alllllll night , after all ! 
just saw the new Nightmare movie and ... It was better than I expected . I liked all the throwback scenes to the original , EXCEPT for the crappy wall scene . That one was better as a wall of spandex . 
How do you get over the fear of failing ... Without failing ? 
I rode a ripstick without hurting myself . Whoo ! 
I may have said it before , but its still true : theres not much in this world that tops the warmth of the sun on your skin . 
All we ever really need is inside of us , waiting . 
Our most difficult times allow us to shine brightest . It's beautiful , isn't it ? 
\They said you want it . They said you need it . But you don't need it anymore . And you never did . \"" 
shouldn't be up right now . Roar . 
Just 11 more hours ! 
Yay for good days despite having like no sleep ! And summer's pretty much here , if only the weather would show it . 
Man , i love a woman that could kick my ass . 
Yay for 8 hour workdays !! 
The way I choose to see it : This shitty day will allow me to appreciate the okay days when they come . 
The bitter taste of failure , but it's hard not to smile when the sun's shining in the bright blue sky . :D 
Gojira ! 
= Packrat . I still have notebooks from middle school . 
FIRE ! 
' s hand smells like some kind of smoked meat . 
Strength is two-sided , what can create can just as easily destroy . Remember the power you have and use it well , you alone reap what you sow . 
\I like apricots because i eat them with my tummy ! \"" 
Bald with or without a beard ? OR ! Completely hairless ? 
I love sunshine ... Its amazing ! 
Don't get so caught up in your somedays that you forget the now . 
Happy Feet . :) 
loves working at a new site for the first time . 
Ready to rock . 
First day of summer camp , yay ! 
Everyone has an off day ... 
\You gotta be able to smile through all the bullshit . \"" 
Watchin ' the Matrix for school , whoo ! 
Need something going on other than work or school . Totally open to suggestions . 
I love realizing something amazing , even knowing that pretty soon I wont be conscious of it , because I know that if I realized it now I'll realize it again sometime . 
can finally say he's spoken with a Mormon . :D 
Whether you look for them or not smiles have a way of finding you if you let them . 
Life is about moments so make yours good ones . 
Yay for hanging out in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > for unreasonable amounts of time because it's cheaper than making multiple trips between it and Graton and yay for overly long but not exactly overly detailed rambling word and phrase filled statuses ! 
Brinner is even better close to midnight . I have the best lil brother ever !! 
Tonight marks the first time I've seen a punchshot . It was awesome . 
One paper down , one more to go ! Then to memorize lines ... Yay !? 
Happy happy joy joy !! 
One step closer to the Dark Tower ... 
Hello facebook/internet ... Distract me ! 
Sometimes , all it takes to change someone's day is a hug and/or smile . 
Yeah ... Not the way I meant to spend most of the morning after the 4th of July , but I guess it's okay as long as I can laugh about it , haha ! 
23 years ago my mom gave birth to me and I wanna use this day to thank my mom , and all mothers , for giving the most valuable thing in this world : Life . 
I need a wig and/or glittery or fluffy dress for my Theatre Arts class . Anyone able to help me ? 
This is the life we have , so let's use it . 
I reallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyREALLY LOVE HUGS !!!! 
Worrying sucks . Yay for peace of mind ! :D 
It's so hard to care without being given a good reason to . 
The good thing about bad days is that they end . 
Half-empty ? Half-full ? I say both . 
All it takes to win me over is peanut butter cookies . They're amazing ! 
Awesome pool day today and the plan for tomorrow ? Cal-skate for free ! I love my job . :D 
is thinking about something totally amazing ! Ya wanna know what it is ? PENGUINS ! Amazing right !? Oh ... You were expecting something different ? 
A lazy sunday ... And im wishing i had something to do . 
hasn't stopped believin ' . 
has reached level 2 ! 
: I'm okay with nice guys finishing last .. As long as it isnt solely jackasses coming in first . 
is really hoping today wasn't the last time I get to swim this year ... 
Sebastopol cinemas now has < PROPFEMALE > vs capcom . Im gonna watch movies in sebastopol whenever i can ! 
My favorite way to end a great day ? Watching Happy Feet ! 
Waiting at least an hour and a half to see a counselor at the < PROPMALE > ... NOT COOL ! 
is easily distracted by pretty smiles . 
Stupid bills ... :( 
is punching debt in the face . :) 
Being alive is awesome ! 
hella wants to see The Last Exorcism , hoping to actually leave the theater scared . Is that weird ? 
Even with a Raiders ' loss , today was awesome . 
is ready for friday and the long labor day weekend . 
finally saw the < PROPMALE > Horror Picture Show ! 
thinks that having a plan is overrated . 
loves Thrift stores . THEY'RE AMAZING ! 
thinks the people in his life are amazing and wouldn't trade knowing them for anything . 
has a costume idea for this year , but needs a long sleeve lime green shirt in addition to some other things ... 
believes that something is working to make my car ghetto ... All the dings , dents , and scratches aside , I can't open the trunk or the driver-side door with my car-key and now my rear passenger-side door only opens from the inside . Poor < PROPFIRST > . :( 
\The word triumph starts with \ " try\ " and ends with ...? \"" 
finally made a Bitchin ' Meat Car again . Ohhhhhh yeahhhh . 
thinks that the next time you see me , you should punch me in the face . 
likes friends , especially the kind that seem to be all up in your mind renewing your hearts and thoughts . 
is gonna face a childhood fear ! 
is so close to being out of debt . I can almost taste it . 
is sad about losing The Game today . :( 
couldn't convince some kids that Happy Feet is my favorite movie . Are grown men not allowed to like singing and dancing penguins ?! 
Hopes he didnt get anyone sick by working today and looking forward to a weekend of relaxing at home . . 
had his first day subbing at the MCC today . Aside from a < PROPFEMALE > bit of paint on me , i felt it went well ! 
likes naps . Even the 10-15 minute kind feel refreshing . 
\Rather waste some time with you . \"" 
is gonna play some Reach on xbox live . 
considers people who do stuff together friends . Best friends are the people who can < PROPFEMALE > out doing nothing . 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? 
believes that it is worth it to try to change the world . Even if all you change is yourself that's doing something . 
Strive for perfection and you're bound to be disappointed but strive for change and you should never fail . 
Aquired an item : Plastic Spoon ! With this spoon you can eat breakfast as if you were at home ! +1 to cuddling (+2 if you're the big spoon ) 
There is nothing to find . 
loves tamales so much . They're amazing ! 
Yay pajamas ! 
has had an unusually large amount of good days recently . Yay ! :D 
can feel only two things : Burning thighs and acid lungs . Thank you < PROPMALE > Molyneaux , for motivating me enough to start running again ! :D 
Tin Man's on Netflix only until January 12th ... Has anyone seen it ? Is it worth four and a half hours of a life ? 
has to remember to wear clothes i dont mind getting dirty in next time i sub at a preschool ... 
Sad face . :( 
Thinking this weekend is starting to feel like it wants to be a Movie Marathon Weekend ... 
Got to see my amazing cousins and came home to a check and peanut butter cookies . Tonight rocks my socks off ! :D 
didnt think the Seahawks would pull it off , glad to be surprised ! :D 
Anyone wanna see < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs . The World in San < PROPFEMALE > next monday ??? 
Cant remember the last time i got home from a run feeling bad . :D 
I <3 Garden State . 
Feels like the moonlight is so bright that it would be a crime to not go out tonight and do something in it ! 
Sir < PROPMALE > and Dinobot 
Nothing to find . 
\Hey girl let me take you on a dork date . \"" 
Wow ! You can type your facebook password into a comment and it comes up as stars !! ********* hahahaha thats so cool ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Meyer's got some ' splainin ' to do .... Who wants to < PROPFEMALE > me Eclipse ? 
I stand corrected . Can someone < PROPFEMALE > me new < PROPFEMALE > ? 
' s name means \staff of the gods \"." 
Thank you for telling me I'm cute random guy with red stripes in your hair . It made me smile like this :) 
Black Swan , wow . Wow . 
doesnt need to worry about taxes anymore ! 
is going to try to sleep the majority of the next 24 hours . Hopefully thatll be enough rest to get rid of whatever it is im sick with . 
feels like with every mucus expelled I get just a little closer to feeling 100% again . 
Wait ... I feel like .... I've learned something . 
There should totally be like a monthly national pajama day . 
Gonz+Jen have popped my casino < PROPFEMALE > . 
Happy V-day to all my friends who have someone special that they share a life with . And to those who don't , Happy Singles awareness day ! :D 
has friday before 6 off ! Woot woot ! 
Netflix rules ! 
I like still having money halfway through paychecks , even after buying stuff ! Makes for one less stress in life . :) 
10 years coming back to town in may ! yessssss ! :D 
\your insecurities are concealed by your pride and pretty soon your ego will kill whats left inside . \"" 
\What good am I to anyone like this ? It's been a hard couple of months I'll admit . But after tonight I'm not so convinced that I'm wrong . \"" 
Warm weather , im totally ready for you to come back ! Show up whenever , I miss you ! 
First Aid+CPR certified for another two years now , yay ! 
24 hours from now after a long day of work , which will include overtime , an awesome weekend will be beginning . :) 
Another overtime day ? What an awesome start to the week ! 
Neither has got it right . 
Saving the big pieces . 
Why cant the weather make up its mind ?? 
Totally had a zombie apocalypse dream . I was betrayed and crushed by a machine . 
Anyone have a yoga mat that I can borrow ? 
