Movin to Bend next week !! I'm super excited !! 

Still super stoked about moving to Bend - I just really hate packing !! 
So tomorrow we get the U-Haul ( if anyone wants to help load it up !?! ) and then we're headed out Thursday morning !! I'm getting even more excited , and completely sick of packing !! 
We made it !! What a long day - a long week - no , a long month ! But we're here , and I'm finally gonna get some well-deserved sleep !! 
We just finished unloading the U-Haul into our storage unit . We still have to organize our stuff in the house , but that can wait until after a night of drinkin !! I think we deserve a drink ... or seven ... 
So , the plan was to organize our room today ... but we are working off a night of drinkin instead ... Just snuggling , watchin movies , and eatin pizza ! 
Pretty much a lazy day - homework , laundry , organizing our room ... Yep , that's about it 
We finally got our room all organized today ! It's starting to feel quite homey ! 
Grr ... Post Office ... Grr !!! Where's my money ? Grr again ... 
Getting ready to go camping for the weekend !! I'm sick , and I've never gone camping while I've been sick ... But hey , at least there will be a bathroom all around me ! And I've definitely gotten sick in the woods before ... So , I should be alright !! 
Just got back from campin and I'm totally exhausted ! I can't wait to hop in a nice hot shower and sleep in a real bed !! 
Just wanted to let all my friends in Reedsport know that I'll be coming home this weekend ! Miss you all ! 
You know how sometimes life doesn't just gives you lemons - it throws them at your face !?! Well , I've been hit by a few lemons and I just wanted to say thank you to everyone providing the sugar for my lemonade !! 
Sunshine please stay - Homework go away !! 
I'm missing my boyfriend like crazy right now !! Maybe it would help if I stopped watching chick flicks - hmm ... 
You know those days where you just can't seem to wake up ? Well , that's been the last few weeks for me ... I just hope this half-awake/half-asleep state begins to be filled with amazing dreams ! 
Spent the last two days at the lake and am getting nice and brown ! Yay for sunshine ! 
It's seriously the middle of June - Where's the sunshine ?! I can't wait til November when I go to Hawaii ! Until then I guess I'll just have to get my Vitamin D via the tanning bed ... 
Finally done with finals !! YAY !! Let summer begin ! 
Not only am I done with finals , but I just found out I got an A+ on a final exam and an A on a final essay !! I'm super stoked ! Only a few more classes to go til I'm finished with my BA !! 
Busy weekend ahead : Lake tomorrow , party tomorrow night , party Saturday , wedding Saturday evening , then headed back to Bend on Sunday !! 
Headed back to Bend tomorrow !! 
I'm back in Bend ~ Loving the sunshine and my man & starting summer term today ! 
Today is mine and < PROPMALE>'s 5 year anniversary !! What a crazy 5 years it has been ! 
Well ... I'm back in Reedsport for awhile ... I swear this town is like a black hole - but hey , it's home ! 
Had an awesome time camping at the lake and \ 
hanging out with friends this weekend ! Didn't watch fireworks , but still had\ 
a great 4th !! 
I still haven't quite figured out what \we're taking a break\ " means ... All I know is that it hurts like hell ! " 
I'm loving the sunshine !! Too bad it's a homework day . I wonder if my WIFI will reach to the back yard ?!? 
< PROPMALE>'s here visiting me !! :) 
What a nice day of homework in the sunshine with my < PROPFEMALE > dog ! 
I'm back in Bend for awhile ! 
Just soakin up the sunshine in Bend ! 
Grr ... I hate money ! No - let me rephrase that ... I hate not having money !! 
Relaxing last day in Bend floating the river ! It's back to Reedsport tomorrow ... 
Home Sweet-Bittersweet Home 
Surprise : The impossible is possible ! Despite being told I would never be able to get pregnant & despite being on the pill ... I'm 17 weeks pregnant and I just found out last week ! 
The ultrasound went good today ! Baby is moving A LOT , and the heartbeat is regular and normal . It was pretty awesome to be able to share it with my mom and < PROPMALE > - now they're even more excited ! 
Ugh ... Finals start tomorrow ... But then I have 2 weeks off from school !! 
My baby doctor appointment went well yesterday ! Everything looks good !!! I'm now 19 weeks - almost halfway there ... Due date is < PROPFIRST > 12th ! And the doctor's 90-95% sure it's a GIRL !!! 
Finished with finals ~ All A's!! Two weeks off from school and only a couple terms left ! 
Baby and I had the high-tech ultrasound this morning - It went really well ! Everything looks normal and the baby's growing perfectly !! Oh , and it's definitely a girl !! 
What ? Rain on my birthday ? =( Thank you all for your birthday wishes , it really means a lot !! Now I just wish for sunshine ! 
AHH !! My left leg , ankle , and foot have been swollen for 3 weeks now . My left ankle is 2 inches bigger than my right ! I have had 3 appointments with my doctor and finally saw her today for a total of 3 minutes . She tells me it is varicose veins ! No - I don't think so ... I have one vein in my leg that might be considered a varicose vein . Otherwise , my leg is ridiculously swollen , it hurts , and it's purplish ... 
So , I saw a different doctor today for my swollen leg . I still don't know what's wrong ... He wants to look at the results from my ultrasound and my labs . Hopefully I'll know soon - I'm so impatient ! 
Finally figures out why my leg/ankle/foot is swelling - I have an infection . So I'm out of commission for a few days and on antibiotics . Glad to finally know whats wrong !! 
Well , my foot and leg still hurts , but the swelling is better - Either way it's back to work tomorrow ! I still can't believe I had an infection for a whole month before the doctors figured out what was wrong ... 
Good news and bad news : Good news - I'm feeling the baby kick a lot now ! Bad news - I still have this damn infection in my leg ! 
So excited - Headed to Corvallis tomorrow to watch my Beavz !! Come on Beavers !! 
Today I'm 26-weeks along ! Only 98 days til the due date ! 
Go Beavz !! < PROPMALE > upset ! I'm lovin it !! 
Today is day one of the my third trimester - Only 13 weeks to go ! 
So exhausted - pregnant , sick with a cold , finals weeks , and working full-time ... I need to get some rest before baby gets here !! 
Just finished a 16 < PROPFEMALE > singled spaced , 10,000 + word American Lit final essay ... Wish I could celebrate with a glass of wine ! Instead I'm having some V8 juice and a Reese's ... 
Went to the Beavz game with Dad today ! Great game , we didn't even get rained on ! Now - Go Trojans !! 
I read in one of my baby books that one day of being pregnant takes the energy required to run a marathon ... Add working full-time and going to school full-time on top of that - No wonder I'm so tired !! 
Hawaii Countdown - 11 Days til we fly out !! 
In a week from right now I'll be watching a beautiful Hawaiian sunset ! 
5 days from right now I'll be arriving at the resort on Maui !! 
Lazy Day - Doing homework and gonna watch the Beavz win ! 
Really Beavers ? Washington State ? Super bummed ... 
Currently in Portland . Updated countdown : Will be arriving on Maui in 15 hours !! So excited !! 
Just wanted to say Aloha ! We made it here safe and sound . I'm currently sitting on the lanai in 77 degree weather and LOVIN IT !! 
Working on midterms during my vacation - Lame !! 
Getting ready for a busy weekend ... Civil War game tomorrow and my baby shower on Sunday ! 
Had an amazing time at my baby shower yesterday ! Thank you so much to everyone who came for making it so special !! 
I had an ultrasound yesterday . Baby is doing good - she's measuring perfectly , very active , and we could even see hair on her head ! But during the ultrasound I found out I have gallstones ... But atleast baby is healthy ! 
Had a baby doctor appointment today . Baby's doing good ! Only 4 more weeks to go and I'm already dilated 1 cm ! 
Had another baby doctor appointment yesterday . Doctor said my body is ready - I'm dilated to almost 2 cm ! So , now it's just a matter of when baby is ready !! 
Hope everyone had a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !! 
So far baby has been very cooperative ! She's waited til after I finished finals , and waited til after Christmas ... Now if she'll wait til we finish moving into our new house I'll be very appreciative ! 
After 28 hours of labor , Mikyla < PROPFEMALE > Moss was born at 7:54 AM on Sunday , January 16th . She weighs 6 lbs 10 oz , and is 19 & 1/2 inches long . She's beautiful , happy , and healthy !!! < PROPMALE > and I couldn't be happier parents - we're already so in love !! 
Baby Mikyla and I are doing awesome ! I can't believe she'll already be two weeks old tomorrow ... I'm loving being a mom !! 
Had my gallbladder removed today ! I freaking hurt and the pain meds aren't touchin it ... :( At least < PROPFEMALE > baby has an awesome daddy and grandparents to take care of her ! 
Crazy week !! Recovering from surgery , we all have a cold , started class , and trying to balance all of this and be a mom ... Each time she smiles though it makes me forget how stressed I am ! I love being a mom !! 
