is doing all his shopping on Christmas < PROPFEMALE > , of course 

turns out watching scrubs is a lot more fun than going to sleep 
continues to question his decision-making skills 
left his jacket at the rec ... 
let the drummer kick , the drummer kick that 
just received the worst haircut ever , compliments of < PROPMALE > Smith 
VOTE 5 FOR YELL ! 
really needs a bouncy ball right now 
seriously . a bouncy ball . 
V0TE ---> vote.tamu.edu 
one man , one research paper , one in the morning . sigh , one day until spring break . 
wait , what it was my birthday ? damn i forgot . Thanks everybody for the birthday wishes ! 
just got back from Dr. < PROPFIRST > Hawking's lecture on black holes ... yeah , it was cool . 
is reliving the < PROPFEMALE > days of The Office , thanks to a one-month free trial of Netflix ! 
28 episodes of the Office down , starting season 3 ... 
is in < PROPFIRST > - alone , taking taxis , and feeling all growed up 
got the internship in the texas governor's office . Moving to < PROPFIRST > for the summer ! 
lives in < PROPFIRST > now . I've got to decorate this freakin apartment . 
dear < PROPFIRST > energy company , please turn my power back on , I want to finish cooking my tacos . sincerely , < PROPFIRST > 
got his Russian < PROPFEMALE > stone software in the mail . now learning Russian will be really easy !... 
anyone know which pokemon gameboy game is the best ?? I've got a big decision to make . 
someone has been using my netflix ..... hmmm 
codathon 
flying to Moscow ! 
has just created the most delicious drink of all time . ( and it's non-alcoholic ) 
is camping , for the first to time forever 
owns way too much junk these days . < PROPFIRST > Durden would not be pleased . 
< PROPFEMALE > laptop just crashed , \unable to find hard drive\ " ... lolwut " 
lost all of his Russian notes and homework in the commons ... 
Community , 30 Rock , Fringe , The Office , < PROPMALE > .... man I love my fall lineup ! 
has a working computer again 
wishes he had some graphic design software ... 
shout out to facebook for wasting my prime study hours 
Shout out to Adnan < PROPMALE > aka Addymo for being the most legit friend ever . I will help him with his Pols 209 homework tonight , its facebook official . 
Chiddy Bang is coming to College Station !!!! :DD 
ravenclaw and hufflepuff are so one-dimensional , which is a pity . 
misses his roommate :( 
good game Texas , that was scary 
Chiddy Bang this weeeek ! 
just signed up for a crazy spring semester . 
the Chiddy Bang concert ... well , it was pretty much amazing . Final exam in 8 hours , so worth it . Videos up soon ! 
paper , consider yourself started . 
Guinean election paper canceled , I found The Lion < PROPMALE > online . 
iausgfasdknfbawe[piu 
American Ninja Warrior !! 
if Tron turns out to be as good as I'm hearing , certain other people are going to be eating their words ... 
annnd sleeping all day ... 
finally on my way . College Station has never seemed so foreign . 
straight talk , this is the best tuna salad sandwich I have ever tasted . 
wow I need to take this math class more seriously 
such is the way of the world , can never know - just where to put all your faith , and how will it grow 
is cool with Filipinos now 
lost my phone D8 
is an uncle ? whaaaaaat 
I'll just assume that , if there were no facebook , everyone who posted on my wall would have called personally to wish me a happy birthday . And that warms my heart 
is accepting recommendations for movies I need to watch . Be obscure ! 
bracing for the most productive weekend of my life ( which , let's face it , isn't saying much ) 
The heat and pressure of this schoolwork has turned my brain into a < PROPFEMALE > . Diamonds are worthless as brains . 
It's awesome when my small amount of car maintenance knowledge is put to good use 
magnets 
brb everyone , going to sleep for 48 hours #summer 
My little brother plays minecraft , what a badass 
London , Kiev , then Moscow !... now you know where to look if I don't come back in a month ... 
Welp , the 2012 Presidential campaigning has begun . BRB everyone , locking myself in my closet until January 21 , 2013 . 
Liftoff ! Bittersweet day for human space exploration , but as one < PROPFEMALE > ends hopefully another one begins 
The asian guy from the rockets retired ? A sad day for golf fans everywhere . 
Feel so fortunate to have grown up with the < PROPMALE > Potter series . Picked up my first book the third grade , and I guess tonight it's finally done . 
Lost my phone saturday night , so if you are desperate to get a hold of me please communicate by postcard . I will also accommodate mail by owl . 
