;p ; , aybe staying up all night wasnt such a good idea * passes out * 

you know what s annoing and creepy ? when people freind reqest you even though you have no clue who they are 
wow just finished a hard english project 
ugh have to finsh my english project :( 
SUPER exicted for saturday 
Todays a big day 
ug have to work today 
no school ! 
LIFE RULES 
YEAH MY BIRTHDAY 
saturdays gonna be fun 
ug my birthday 
yard work .... 
computer virus succk 
they still suck 
fINALLY VIRUS GONE 
McGill is over !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
todays gonna be fun 
saturday was awsome 
school ... ugh 
blood drive at school tommarow . sign up !!! 
i dontated blood . im a little dizzy 
:3 
windows 7 is so cool 
so .. me and < PROPFIRST > broke up ... 
whats differance between pancakes and flapback 
choclate or peanut butter ? 
that test was easy ! 
uh 45min of capture the flag , i hurt 
another test down 
almost friday ! 
atmcgills !!!! 
VIDEO GAMES RULE 
capture the flag is so fun ! 
you know what else is awsome books 
i finally got sleep ! 
spring break ! 
rickys over !! 1 
happy easter everyone 
ug school agian 
HSPE testing next week .... 
look up -hot chip - ' i feel better ' video your mind will be blown 
typing , typing on the computer ... ugh so much work 
man this personality test is amazing . you should try it 
try this awsome personality test its amazing 
yawn school tommarow 
WEKKEND finally . also famly over ... it sucks 
video game club was fun 
finally the weekend 
cats or dogs ? 
i have my licnese test tommarow .. hope i do good 
waking up at 5tommaroe ... fun 
i passed with a 92 !!!!!!!!! 
why are hugs so amazing 
homework is so stupid .. 
whenwill this week be over ? 
pizza , bestfood ever ? 
the weather sucks 
memorial day is tommarow , remember to pasy respect 
you know whats awesome ? CELLO\S " 
ALMOST NO MORE SCHOOL 
oh shiz nit .. so much homework over summer for ap classes 
< PROPMALE > IS OVER 
OMG SUMMER 
hanging with freinds is the best part of summer 
playing bass while < PROPMALE > dances 
and the heatwave begins 
and the heat wave is ending ! 
dominos pizza is amazing 
< PROPFEMALE > super sick ! pray for her if u have time 
THE COLONY IS THE BEST SHOW EVER 
our < PROPMALE > exchange student comes tommarow ! 
our exchange student is here ! hes tall ! haha and super nice ! he might come with us to church sunday so see u then ! 
does anyone else feel like their melting ? 
HANGING WITH brosiden < PROPMALE > of the brocean ! and mcgill ! and tal < PROPMALE > to < PROPFEMALE > about donunts ! 
awww registration , reminds me that school starts oh so soon 
I hate your moma oh snap 
wow working at the fair sucks 
work is finally over 
school just started and i already want summer ! 
it looks like AP US HIST is gonna be aittle more work then i thought ... 
youth group starts today yeeeeaaah ! 
SO much hw .. i might drown in it ... 
i should be going back to school monday .. lets hope it goes well . 
tomorrow i start school . lets just hope i dont get hit by a tsunami of hw 
doing tons of history notes . when i turned in last weeks notes they were 22 pages ... this is not fun 
youth group was a total blast , i didnt know < PROPFIRST > was so good at capture the flag ... man that kid can run 
Home coming and crazy red white and black say tommarow ! i hope < PROPFIRST > likes his first serpintine ! 
wow homecoming was fun . we won a game ( first his year ) and i didnt know Herpow could dance haha it was alot of fun . 
Which Evil , Evil Person in History Are You ? -- My Result : < PROPMALE > Caesar . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/53195/referrals/status?aid=100000732201803 
PSAT is tommarow morning . waking up at 6 to take a test ! exactly what i wanted to with my saturday 
so besides the fact it was like 39 deggres when we were taking the PSAT's it wasnt too bad 
man lots of homework , 6 < PROPFEMALE > s of notes for history , 900 < PROPFEMALE > orp book , essay , AP Chem stuff and more . this will be a fun month 
party at mcgills was awesome . strangly i bbrought 2liters of Mnt dew but came home with 4 lol 
the week just started but i want it to be over XD 
half days rock , i wish we had them every day 
schools going good finally lol 
just got home from the seattle auto show ! it was alot of fun 
man jsut got back drom the seattle auto show ! it was a blast 
hmmm should i fight zombies or kill terrorists ... 
MCgill ois over AWESOME 
also < PROPMALE > made the cheer team .. i dont know if thats good or bad 
the first snow of the year ! isnt it awesome 
levenworth was alot of fun ! really really cold though ! but rickys coming over before he heads back to Central so it will be AMAZING TO SEE HIM =3 
< PROPMALE > is here and its alot of fun to see him agian . < PROPMALE > stopped by to say hi and anyone who misses < PROPMALE > is free to come over 
school tomarow ugh i dont want to go back toschool 
you know whatsucks ? having your phone break =( i feel naked without it ! 
i feel like last week was christmas break lol , wheres my presents 
well have to go to school now =( . i wish it was christmas already 
food , < PROPFEMALE > good 
computers can be one of the greatest things you can own , that is when they are working . when they are not working it makes you want to throw them out a window 
tolo is today ! its gonna be a blast . 
on another note setting up christmas lights can really suck 
went to dinner yesterday and then tolo . tolo was alot of fun ! went to the movies afterwords and saw tangled , its really cute . 
man you know what rocks ? life ! 
* sigh * another all nighter of hw 
anyone lese think essaays suck 
you know whats awesome ? doing homework over christmas break ! 
one more paragraoh on essay ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Buckatcha hurts too :( 
just got back from levenworth ! man it was a lot of fun 
sooo tired .... hmm maybe pancakes will wake me up 
went to erins house today and it was alot if fun . she baked me like 15 cupcakes ! its awwwweeeeessoooooommmmeeeee 
another lazy day around the house , i should do hw .... but its too much work 
going to bed haha i wonder what ill get tommarow .... 
i love the snow , hope it keeps snowing . 
wait .... we have school tommarow nooooooooo 
you know what heaven is like ? Ipanema brazlian grill is heaven .... i think i ate my own weight in food 
no school tommarow =3 it will be nice to sleep in on a monday instead of going in at 6:30 for apchem 
guess what sucks , daymon needsme to drive it him to school at 5:30 in the morning 
just want you all too know that i dropped my phone in topramen ... i fail 
lol i think the phone is broken 
went to this concert venue , two really awesome bands played ! pave the earth and veerleaf four ransom ! 
so Mr. Bond decided to have a study meeting with the whole AP chem class at 6:30 pm today ... this will be fun 
got home from a study group with ap chem , gotta say it was the most fun ive had at school ! 
finally all my finals are over * sigh * lol i can breath easy once more 
texas , herpow we shoul all < PROPFEMALE > monday 
staying up all night ! woohooo ! 
has anyone else noticed how when you go long periods of time with out sleeping you start to see things ....? 
hanging out with my pals today =3 it will be fun 
today was alot of fun , glad you guys all were able to hangout ! we will have to do it agian =3 
i wish my phone hadnt exploded 
well looks like i have get on top of my hw and seriously work on some hw 
anyone else feel like the weekend should come quicker ? 
anyone else mad about all those fees phone compines make you pay ? im trying to get a new phone ( as you all know my old one was destroyed by delicious ramen ) and man its ridiculous costing . 
just got home from mcgills . it was really fun hahaha btw < PROPMALE > stop eating all thoose nutter buttersXD 
that was a great day hah steelers losing , brand new episode of Glee and no hw 
yawn , weirdly tired even though i got plenty of sleep 
lol still tired 
just got back from dentist ... they are so lame 
have you ever known someone that frustrates more than anyone else in the whole world ? 
all you complainers who said that imperialism essay was hard lol , im writing that thing in like 20min and haha it was easssyyyy 
today was a really good day =3 
just got back from Ixtapas i love that place ! sooo fulll 
staying up all night finishing up that essay for Aphist ... lol a essay everyweek in that class , isnt that just dandy ? 
had a whole bung of fun yesterday , < PROPMALE > out with mcgill and < PROPFEMALE > and her really cool freind < PROPFEMALE > ! i got a new phone ( props to < PROPFEMALE >!) but all my contacts are gone so if you could text me your number that would rock ! 1-425-268-3794 
getting ready for the dinner thing tonight . it will be alot of fun specially since mcgill and < PROPFEMALE > r going 
just got home . that dinner kicked ass ! 
you know rocks ? dressing up fancy for noooo reason ! 
jsut got home from anime club haha jjohny mcgill < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > r over its cool ! doing chem hw lol 
im in a awesome mood !!! 
wow hoework is so lame 
just got home from blue fire american grill its yum yum 
lol i got sick on m birthday woohooo 
had alot of fun yesterday , thanks to everyone who came !!! 
just woke up =3 i feel alot better today 
i had a great day < PROPFEMALE > ing with freinds . lol kimmi your mom is great and < PROPFEMALE > is always a blast to < PROPFEMALE > with 
so the snow is pretty bad in my neighborhood =( so i will be a hour late to school 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO SXHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL !!! 
hehe trapped in my house lol being buried alive in snow =3 sounds like a fun day 
all this snow .. but what to do in it ? 
another snow day ? wow 
lol im getting tired of snow days 
today was long but fun haha 
so since there is so much snow and its still falling lol im gonna make a fire and sleep hahaha seems like the right thing to do 
if we have no school tommarow im gonna be pissed yet happy at the same time 
now that all the snow melted it is kinda depressing and sad . 
so tons of hw , cms night and getting to school at 6:30 tomorrow for chem .. yeahhhhhh 
saw rango last night then went to dennies for some midnight dinner lol what a fun night 
top 5 friends on mylist that i would have to survive with in a zombie invasion are Herpao Xiong , < PROPFIRST > Herrick , < PROPFEMALE > Mcghee , < PROPMALE > rice , < PROPFEMALE > potter and < PROPMALE > gill\ 
i think with acouple losses we would survive 
another week of school lol < PROPMALE > year has been fun but super ruff 
had a great day hanging with all my super friends lol 
WEEKEENNDDDD 
SHS man thing tonight lol support < PROPFIRST > and go 
another lazy homework filled day 
what amazing rain today lol defendantly makes you feel safe about driving on highway 2 
YEAHH MCGILL AND < PROPFEMALE > AND < PROPFEMALE > OVER TO HELP WITH MY HW 
today was a good day but i think tomorrow will rock 
today has been a really good day and for somereason ive been in a realllly good mood lol 
today was alot of work but now i can just relax 
so yesterday i finally went to one of thoose new coke machines with over 100 flavors .... peach sprite is so amazing 
LIFE is complicated lol 
RIIICKKY is back from college for spring break and hes here !!!!! 
today was a great day haha specially love the sun 
haha taco time agiannn lol awesome none the lessss 
dudee i was so exicted for sun and nooowwww no sun =((((( 9 
hopefully ill manage to get some homework done to day haha 
i have nothing to do today :( 
soon i leave for california haha this will be fun 
just finished cleaning my lawn that was covered in tp , those who did prepare for some < PROPMALE > payback 
i leave tomorrow ... i should have fun but odly im not looking forwrd to the trip 
Good bye washington =3 its time for some sun ! everyone have a great spring break and i will see you all next week =3 
