is working at the sandbar til 8 then partying for kels 21st bday and then gotta get up early to work at the paper .... yucky !!! 

is on her way to zeeland to bartend ! 
is back , didnt go anywhere too interesting . working at the sandbar tonight , working cows tomorrow ... tired as all hell ... 
is SOOOO excited that tomorrow is saturday and i get to sleep all day if i wanna !!! working cattle was exhausting today ! sleep time !!! 
has a flipping head cold ... AGAIN !!!!! shoot me now !! i hate those damn things ! 
is tired from partying it up in biz the past 2 days .... im going to get new friends that dont drink so much !!! lol jk 
I wish I could date my high school teacher too ! 
is working at the sandbar tonight , then the pioneer tomorrow , and then bar to the sandbar tomorrow night . sat will not come soon enough ! 
is in pain ... and on CRUTCHES !!! i fell and went boom last night and sprained the ankle really bad and damaged nerves ... hurts like a SOB ! 
I smelled a noodle sliding down a hill because Big Bird said to and he's my leader ! 
is wokring at the sandbar tonight ... darts ( aka drunk fest ) tomorrow night ... cant wait lol 
is working at the sandbar ... and then tonight i get to throw a \few\ " brewskies back with kels !!! YES !!!! " 
is sitting at the sandbar working ... not alot of action tonight .... wish i was in rapid with everyone else ... :( 
is at work at the sandbar ... hopefully tonight is a lil less eventful that last night , dont think i could handle that again ... freaking ppl that think they need to brawl in the bar and hurt ppl piss me off !! ppl need to grow up ! 
is working the day shift at the bar ... then tonight throwin some darts ! FUN FUN !! However i hope that tonight is drama free FOR ONCE !!! Lets all get along for one night ppl ! THANKS !! 
is happy that things are starting to look up in life ! I couldnt be more happy right now !! YES ! 
So after 2 days of drinking , 1 full day of playing darts and hangovers from hell I am ready to do absolutely nothing ... I do have to say it was one of the best weekends I have had in a long ass time !!! 
is ready for some rest and relaxation tomorrow after a long weekend or dealing with drunks at the bar !! wow what a weekend ! 
is headed to biz in about 30 mins !!! wooooohoooo ! quality drinking time with tem !! anyone want to come with ? 
Is wondering where everyone is in pollock ... Its saturday night and town is almost dead !! Wtf ? 
is working at the paper today ... then tonight I have no idea what to do .... biz ? stay in pollock ? go to the farm n relax ??? no clue ...... 
Is working at the sandbar ... I need some sleep ! 
Is working at the Pioneer now til well who knows .... then tomorrow and wednesday out to the farm to play farm girl .... and maybe biz on wednesday night ... look out corral we are coming to sing again ... get ear plugs hahaha .... 
Trivia question : What happens to u up to 3 times a month , but u don't know about but someone has proof ? 
Is getting ready to give up on life .... just when I think things r looking up they take a turn right back to shit again ! Wtf ? 
Is a proud auntie of another lil boy !! Ace < PROPFIRST > . Born this morning at 716 7lbs 1oz . Woohoo ! 
is exhausted ... and tomorrow morning 6 am is going to come very early !!! i need a day off !!!!!! 
Is exhausted ! Having a few cocktails then hitting the hay to prepare for another long ass day tomorrow . Hopefully tomorrow runs more smoothly than today !!! Don't u think < PROPMALE > ? Lol . 
wishes that her \friends\ " would actually act like the friends they claim to be ! I would do anything for anyone of mine and on most days I have my doubts if they would all be there for me in the same way !.... hmmm maybe I need to evaluate my life and friends and do some house cleaning and get rid of people I dont need ! " 
Election day today ... playing farm girl again . Thursday it is off to wisconsin til sunday . 
Is wisconsin bound . C u all sunday ! 
Is back in pollock . Not so sure I'm happy about it tho . It was so nice to get away !!! 
Slept all day ... Literally ... I finally feel 100% again ! Now back to work work work !! 
is chilling at the rents with temree ... now the big decision comes ... what to do tonight ... so many options so little time ... hmmm ... eureka , hague , pollock .... 
is working at the sandbar ... a bit hungover from last night still ... to have a drink or not have a drink tonight ... will it make me feel better or worse lol .... 
had an awesome weekend .... work and having fun with some awesome ppl ... cant beat that ! hopefully the week goes by fast and is a good as the weekend was ! 
Y is it so hard to lose someone u love so much ? ..... U will always b in my heart !! 
I must be strong ... N < PROPFEMALE > on ... Bc I know ... I don't belong .... Here in heaven ......... 
.... Why is it somethings in life never get easier ?? 
tomorrow is going to be a long day ..... still miss u and love u uncle < PROPFIRST > ! RIP !! 
.... Used ... Betrayed ... Torn .... So sick of feeling this way !! I'm done . Just done . FML !! This was supposed to b a fun weekend ppl not one filled with drama n shit ! 
Pain is weakness leaving the body ! ... I keep telling myself that but spparently I'm not very convincing tonight !! 
As if 12:24 A.M. on Aug . 25 , 2010 I am a non-smoker !! < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Beek bet me $100 I could not quit smoking for 1 full year !! ... HOWEVER ..... He may b the start of my gambling problem .... haha ! he is going to lose !! 
Is confused ... Up or down ... Left or right ... What direction am I supposed to go next ???? One day I do everything right and the next nothing is right or good enough ! Make up ur mind already !! For f*cks sake ! 
is sore ! 
Thinks she is going to go back to drivers < PROPMALE > .... Haha ! 
Odde is SO DAMN HOTT !!!!! 
ODDE is a homo ! 
ODDE is a retard ! 
Loves ODDE !!! Muah ! :D 
Is combining ... The bartending tonight ! Gunna b a long day I have a feeling ! 
Is getting her ass kicked in darts ! 
headed to bismarck in the morning to try and find a vehicular device that can stay on all four wheels ... and maybe some shopping .... 
Is drinking in pollock with the best hair dresser in the world !!! LOVE u KELS !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Come on snow ... I wanna make snow angels !!!! 
... Dear God , please protect me from a painful thursday morning .... i would appreciate it .... thanks ... here goes week 2 of darts !! 
Laundry put away .. check , dinner made .. check , now for those damn dishes ! 
is not so sure she can handle day 5 of drinking ... but it is sunday funday might just have to < PROPMALE > up and do it !!! 
Is ready for darts tomorrow night !!! Gunna get shit faced like normal again ! Just wish kels was gunna b here :( 
You can only push a girl away for so long until she walks out of ur life on her own . So b careful & make sure that is what u want bc once she turns around she isn't coming back . 
Need to find the smile I've been faking for so long ... 
I'm gunna rape ur camera face .... 
Found it !!!!! ..... :D 
I pray for wisdom .. to understand the man , love ... to forgive him , and < PROPFEMALE > to deal with his moods ; because if I'd pray for strength I'd beat him to death !! 
I miss u already can't wait for u to b with me again ! Time cannot pass fast enough !!!! 
...... How can it be that after such a short time I cannot get u off of my mind !?!? Wish u were here right now !! 
... Has officially decided she can't wait to c u again ! 
..... Lying here awake . Thinking of u . Wondering if ur thinking about me too .... 
... what a night last night ... now i remember y temree is not allowed to come to pollock very often anymore .... haha jk . also i really wish we would learn that picture taking and drunk ppl dont mix ... when will we ever learn . 
Y am I the type of girl who can be so hurt but still look at you & smile . The type of girl who is willing to brighten your day even if i cant brighten my own . 
..... Not so sure how happy I am that my best friend is coming to pollock tonight ... bc that means I'm gunna feel like absolute ass tomorrow ... however .. ITS GUNNA B FUN !! 
Is feeling surprisingly way better than I expected to feel today ! Yay for me ! Had a blast last night with everyone ! 
< PROPMALE > odde is a homo ! 
hates being sick ... i just got over a cold and now i feel another one coming on ... this is so not fair . 
... ooo dart night y do u have to be so cruel ?!?! i need to find a new hobby darts are killing me ! 
.... Work tonight then SHITS GUNNA GET WESTERN tomorrow while I shoot darts and watch the STEELERS kick some ass !!!! 
Odde is SO HOTT !!!!!!! 
Dear dart night , \ 
Will u please take it easy on me tonight ? I would hate to have to go to the bar tomorrow with a bass drum player in my head looking for my liver under the shuffle board table ! \ 
Sincerely , \ 
Me 
Dearest dart night , \ 
Screw u !! \ 
Love , \ 
is thinking that today could be a long day , helping dad during the day and then bartending tonight ... wonder what kind of drunks i will get to deal with tonight ?!?! 
odde is so hot 
my little brother is gay and he wears little rubbers !!!!! :) 
..... SUNDAY FUNDAY !!!!! 
... tuesday , what to do what to do ?? anyone have any good ideas ?? 
.... Supper - check , dishes - check , couch - check ! Now I just need to find the ambition to shower b4 bed ! Been a long day ! 
.. ahh shit its wednesday again .. this isnt going to be pretty ! \ 
Dear liver , \ 
I send my sincere appologies in advance , i understand that u had no choice in whose liver u were . I am sorry that it had to be me that u got stuck with . Had u been lucky enough to be someone elses liver u may have lived a longer life , however i can make a promise .. ur life may be short but it will be one hell of a good time ! \ 
well another hard day , my imaginary friend was running with scissors , the voices in my head where fighting with themselves , and I'm still missing my helmet .... crap ! 
... one day u r going to wake up and realize how much u care for someone ; but when that day comes they will b waking up next to someone who already knew ... 
... anyone can do well when things are going smoothly ; it's when shit hits the fan that you see what a person is really made of ! 
... Wants to know where the cameras are when temree n I get to drinking !?! Another night survived ... Barely but we r alive ! 
Thought for the day ... Why do we always look for the light at the end of the tunnel when we know damn well its an oncoming train ?? 
Has realized booze was invented to make me feel young , but the < PROPFEMALE > over the next day is there to remind me I'm not a spring chicken anymore ! 
so the night didnt end too badly last night ... felt pretty darn good today for a change . so guess what liver ... look out for saturdaY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
PHAT 
Is ready for a weekend of drama free fun and lots of booze !! 
I'm tired of chasing my dreams , I'm just going to ask them where their going and meet them there later . 
Dear liver please forgive me for what I drank last night . I don't remember , but I'm guessing that's a bad sign . Sincerely hungover me ... Ps . Remember there is only 2 weeks of darts left for me to torture u with :) 
..... Quote of the day : you r not big boned ... Ur just festively plump . :) bahahahaha 
Penis 
... Good choices come from experience ; experience , on the other hand , comes from bad choices !! :) 
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains , because the average man can see better than he can think . 
couldn't ask for better friends ! I could ask for more normal friends , but that would be asking for the impossible ! And I wouldn't have it any other way ! Love u all ! 
:( ..... Great big huge sad face !! That's all I can say right now !! 
.. Nothing lasts forever , so live it up drink it down laugh it off avoid the bullshit take chances n never have regrets bc at one point everything u did was exactly what u wanted ! 
my thoughts and prayers go out to < PROPFIRST > and his family 
Be kinder than necessary for you never know what someone is going through . 
...... What a disaster !! 
.... We hide to see who will look for us ; we cry to see who will wipe our tears ; and we get our hearts broken to see who will care enough to fix them again ! 
... Sleep .. Please let me sleep ...... I would love to catch a few zzzzz's b4 the long day ahead of me but apparently my body thinks otherwise .. Fml .. 
... The hardest part about being a bartender is figuring out if someone is drunk or just stupid !! 
..... Funny how u can feel all alone in a room full of \friends\ " ..... Sad that I'm getting used to it tho ! " 
...... Thought for the day : Being the designated driver is not a desirable job ; but if you ever get sucked into doing it , have fun with it . At the end of the night , drop them off at the wrong house . heehee heehee 
This has got to b the stupidest flipping game ever invented !!!!!! 
Is hoping grandpa < PROPFIRST > gets out of the hospital soon ! Ill b praying for u that everything keeps getting better ! Love u !! 
..... Can't sleep , got too much on my mind !!...... and u would think that after how many brain cells I killed this weekend there wouldn't b hardly any left to think with lol 
