is really bad at staying in touch with people . 

the movie Repo-the genetic opera is one of my new favorites . Rented it then had to buy it cuz it rocked my socks off . 
Transformers 2 was good-despite the awful reviews . Worth seeing on the big screen . 
its hot .... and its not even noon yet . 
dizzy 
really wishes it would start raining money . Just not coins-cuz that would hurt . 
Baby #2 is gonna be a girl !! All looks good so far-baby is growing well . I'm a little scared by the fact that means I will someday have 2 teenage girls in the same house-but i'm still excited . 
Went to a great conference with my mom . Feeling inspired and sooo glad I went . It was awesome ! 
Excited . 
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
Tired of being pregnant . Not too much longer though . 
Moving in a week . Baby due sometime in the next month . Lots to get done . 
Gonna have the baby SOON ! Probably will have an induction on the 23 if shes not born before then . At least I'll be at home for Thanksgiving that way . I'm excited ! 
soooo ready to have this baby . 
Finally put up some recent pics . Some of Eza , some from baby shower , and a few random old ones that were still on my camera . 
Going in for induction on the 17th so < PROPFEMALE > will be born sometime on the 18th . Unless of course she decides to come on her own sooner . So excited ! 
Cannot stop eating today .... I keep eating more and more and not feeling full ... Guess I'll enjoy these last couple days of being a pregnant heffalump . 
is weirded out by the strange animal noises coming from the woods . 
mmmmm ...... cornbread . 
One more day .... 
Going into Reston Hospital at 7:30 pm tomorrow ( 17th ) to start the induction process . Send good thoughts my way that all goes well and baby is healthy ! 
Still in hospital-no baby yet . At least they have wi-fi . I hate hospitals . Should have baby around mid-day today . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Raine Silcott born Novemebr 18th at 3:07 pm , 7lbs 9oz , 19inches . Baby and I both healthy and doing great . Was BLESSED with an amazingly easy delivery . :) 
Glad to be home . < PROPFEMALE > is amazing ! < PROPFEMALE > is very happy to be a big sister . Will post more pics at some point . 
is stuffed . 
loves my girls . 
is amazed at how nice the people at the grocery store here were vs the Falls Church one . 
Good luck < PROPMALE > Webb and Senate < PROPMALE > 714 ! Hopefully they discuss the things Webb wants to include . Check out NORML for more info . 
Feels better after exercising . It sucks when you are too big for even your \fat pants . \"" 
Made gingerbread houses with Eza . It was awesome ! 
is peachy . 
is ready to sleep but < PROPFEMALE > does not seem to want me to .... 
really needs a new watch . 
Thats alot of snow !!!! 
Just put up snow pictures- I'm still thawing out . 
has a cookie addiction . 
loves my husband :) 
New year , new chances . 
This is wind is really getting old ..... 
really should quit smoking . 
mmmmm ..... bacon . 
I love love love my husband . :) 
Happy birthday to me :) :) :) 
is peachy . :) 
Is it spring yet ??? 
I love that < PROPFEMALE > \talks\ " to her mobile-but its not so great when I need sleep . I'm Tired . " 
Still loves peopleofwalmart.com 
Going to check out houses tomorrow-hope it does not snow . 
* insert something interesting here * 
Car had a flat tire this morning , < PROPFIRST > put the spare on and it was flat . Very uncool . Now the car is getting new tires . 
Cannot believe its snowing .... AGAIN . 
is tired . 
Just filed my taxes with Turbotax.com-Tax refunds are awesome !!!! 
HA ! And I thought we had alot of snow in December ..... 
Why must facebook constantly change its layout . Friggin annoying . 
< PROPFEMALE > is FIVE today !!!!! 
Hoping I get the house I want-find out tomorrow morning !! 
Anxiously awaiting an answer ..... 
Still waiting .... 
Didn't get the house . Guess it wasn't meant to be . Back to looking . 
Has glasses now . Did not realize how bad my vision was till I put them on . I can see-it's amazing ! Also have second car fixed . Whoo-hoo !! 
Made cookies with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > yesterday . I miss Occoquan < PROPMALE > :( 
rain , rain go away .... 
Got a speeding ticket yesterday ... and only a few months away from a clean driving record . Go me . 
Really getting tired of the house hunt . 
Has Dresden Doll's \Dirty Business\ " stuck in my head . " 
hooray for brownies !!! 
Going to Dads today for burgers , beer , and beautiful weather ! Yeah ! 
needs more coffee . 
< PROPFEMALE > is \not happy at me . \ " It must be so hard being five . :) " 
Getting really , really frustrated looking for a house . Ones on craigslist are mostly scams . Ugh . 
Going to look at more houses today-hope one is a winner . 
ewww rain . 
So we were going by some cows the other day and I said \mmmm tasty\ " and Eza goes \ " yeah ... espically with cheese . \ " I love it ! " 
Finally got a place !!! Happy Dance , Happy Dance , Happy Dance !! 
smells good smells coming from the grill .... mmmm dinner . 
There is a Sonic right across the street from my new place . You know you're jealous . :) 
Frustrated . Stressed . Tired . 
Got sunburn . Ugh . But my new yard is looking better . :) 
Have internet , but comptuer does not work . Borrowing neighbors for a < PROPFEMALE > . Ugh . Moving in is going well-almost all unpacked . Doing a Scentsy open house this Sunday-if you wanna come call me . 
Finally has internet up and running !! Thank you Dad !!!! 
Got new neighbors who managed to piss off the neighborhood in their first two hours here . Now that's talent ! :) 
New neighbors are now moving out ... they claim they don't want any trouble . Good riddance . 
so the neighbor saga continues . the landlord is crazy . he just moved in two new people-while the other familys stuff is still in there . this is just wacky . 
Thank you mom and wayne-the front yard looks so much better . :) 
Happy Mothers Day ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s Harder Lemonade , 8% A.B.V. , rock on girly drinks ! 
Are we sure it's May ? This cold weather is just stupid . 
Tired of the bad weather . < PROPFEMALE > NEEDS to play outside . For her sanity and mine . 
mmmmm coffee ...... 
sooooo very tired of rain . 
Just registered < PROPFEMALE > for kindergarten . Crazy ! She starts in fall . 
Its been interesting .... 
< PROPFEMALE > is watching a < PROPFEMALE > movie with the spanish language track on . An annoying movie just became pure torture . 
Put some more recent pis up . They are in the random pictures album . 
Time to pry myself away from the computer and go do laundry . ugh . :( 
Thinks Ash Hollow is awesome . 
I remember when Friday used to mean something .... 
is awesome . 
Melrose Place up in the Hollow . 
is me . 
Spending today cleaning the house . 
< PROPFEMALE > I love you , Your awesome , You kick < PROPMALE > monster butt . Happy now ? :) 
Its HOT today . 
roar . 
Put up some new pictures of course I'm not in an cuz I'm always behind the camera . 
pizzzzaaaaaaa .... mmmmmmm 
grrrrr .... 
Not used to the power going out for no apparent reason . There was a bad line in the ground or something and only our row lost power . GAY . It sucked to wake up without my coffee pot on . Caffinated and happy now . 
Monday . 
Anyone want a puppy six weeks from now ?? Neighbors dog just had 10 puppies-they are only keeping one . Dad was a Brendal Pitbull and mom is a Black lab . Puppies are various colors-black , greyish , brown etc ... let me now if you are interested . 
Sometimes being a grown-up sucks . 
is awesome . :) 
So proud of < PROPFEMALE > for teaching herself ( in about 10 minutes ) how to ride a bike with no training wheels . 
argh , matey . 
pondering the past ... looking forward to the future . 
New tattoo !! Woot !! 
Fluffy bunnies , rainbows , and lollipops . 
wants to know why it has to be a battle and not just a peaceful parting . 
Bored . Can anyone juggle or something ? Come and amuse me . 
Brains . mmmmmmmmm . 
Nachos = happy mouth . 
zombies are jealous of how awesome you are . 
Listening to Dresden Dolls , working on hemp jewelry , and enjoying the calm . 
Looking for < PROPMALE > Petty . Anyone know his whereabouts ? Would be helpful . Thanks . 
I was literally in an entire building of fluffy bunnies last night . It was amazing ! ;p 
IS . 
I knew you were taking the TV , but why did you have to take my food and knock things over . Douche . 
Ugh . 
The internet has something against me using utorrent . Screw you internet . Screw you . 
french fries . 
no wait ... waffle fries .... 
or maybe pancakes .... 
the fridge is broken .... lost all the food in it .... Murphy's Law runs my life . Ugh . 
Happy Birthday Eireanne !!! I <3 ' s you 
feels lost . 
woot ! 
Really digging Hollywood Undead . How have I never heard of them before ? 
headache ... ouch . 
The truth is that our finest moments are most likely to occur when we\ 
are feeling deeply uncomfortable , unhappy , or unfulfilled . For it is \ 
only in such moments , propelled by our discomfort , that we are likely to\ 
step out of our ruts and start searching for different ways or truer \ 
answers . \ 
- M . < PROPFIRST > Peck 
this too shall pass .... 
Have to be out of the house by Monday . So far , have no where else to go , a house filled with stuff that needs to be packed and put somewhere , and no income . Isn't life grand ... 
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !!!! 
Wow . Just wow . 
Finding it all really difficult . 
Ready to just pour gasoline on all my possessions , light a match , and walk away . Don't freak out people-I won't actually do it-but man I bet it would make me feel better . 
What's on yours ? 
Is that what you call a getaway , tell me what you got away with cuz I've seen more spine in jellyfish , I've seen more guts in 11 year old kids .... 
Each day is a new < PROPMALE > . 
Will be homeless starting Monday . It's kind of scary . 
Things are looking better already . :) 
Has no phone . < PROPFIRST > strikes again and I'm without a phone for the moment . I'm going to get a pay as you go phone but it will be a new number . Argh . When it rains .... it pours . 
Ok so $120 and a few hours later and I have a phone again . Message me and I will send you the new number . 
Strange dreams . 
Hmmmmmm .... 
Mindless Self Indulgence ... YES ! 
Robot Unicorn ....... ATTACK !!! 
Another sleepless night left contemplating my choices ... 
Out of Ash Hollow and back at my mom's ... glad to be done with the packing and moving . 
So good to spend today with my girls . Eza got her ears pierced ... she was awesome ! 
Time to work on my resume and start the getting-a-job-again process . 
Just applied on-line for Borders . Hitting up the Leesburg outlets tomorrow . I am sooo ready to make some money ! 
Interview/floor time at BCBG tomorrow ... see how that goes ... I mean look at BCBG.com and then picture me selling that .... hmmm . But lots of other possibilities also . AND I'm all registered to take the GED on the 19th . All in all a successful day so far . 
Is feeling confident and optimistic ... the future is looking bright . 
Yeah !!! I rock !! Less then 48 hours and I'm employed again . Got hired at BCBG . Start next week . Did two hours on the floor today as part f the interview process . It felt good to be selling clothes again ( never thought I'd say that . ) :) 
Pretty sure I have a sinus infection ... ugh . 
mmmm ... cheese . 
Lmao watching Cops . There's two little kids getting busted for stealing and throwing rocks . The tough little mo-hawked 11 year old who had half a cigarette and a stolen lighter in his pocket is bawling his eyes out for mommy ... priceless . 
Wit makes its own welcome , and levels all distinctions . No dignity , no learning , no force of character , can make any stand against good wit . \ 
- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Just went on a great field trip with < PROPFEMALE > and have a full work schedule for the next week . If I was not sick ... I'd say life is great a the moment . 
really need to quit smoking ... but I don't wanna . 
is going to bed finally ... gotta get up early in the am . 
Had an AWESOME first day of work . I think I'm really gonna like it there . :) 
Ready to be over this sinus infection ... isn't a week long enough . grrr . 
phone just took a swim in the toilet . hoping it will dry out overnight but for now have no phone . :( 
Yet again a new phone and new number ... I lost all my contacts on the phone that went toilet diving . Everyone please send me your < PROPFIRST > in a message and I will give you my new one as well . Thanx . 
GED test tomorrow then work till close . Gonna be a long day . 
Passed the parts of the GED I took yesterday ... will know later today about the parts I just took ... pretty positive I passed though . YAY ! 
YYAY ! - officially passed the GED ... I am awesome . :) 
mashed potatoes ... mmmmmm 
My feet hurt . Would not recommend that anyone wear heels for 7 hours of walking around . ouch . 
should really do better at keeping in touch and not blocking the world out . 
loving my girls . :) 
needs a job ASAP . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas 
getting ready to eat some Christmas dinner . nom nom nom :) 
hope everyone has a great day 
Going to work for Express again !! This time at Dulles . YAY ! 
PLEASE put this as your status if you know someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable , and in case you didn't know , they can totally breathe fire . 60% of people WON'T copy and paste this because they have already been eaten by dragons . 38% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers . The remaining 2% are awesome and will re-post this . Please share-knowledge is power . 
just had my first day as an administrative assistant for sequoia property management company . went great .... think im gonna like it there . :) 
Eza has strep throat :( 
I HATE facebooks new profile style . they always say the are making it \better\ " . I think this is way worse than the way it was . " 
Long night with one sick kid and one who kept waking up crying . sooo tired . 
getting over the flu . 
sick and in the hospital ... not how I want to spend my birthday . :( 
sooo ready to be out of the friggin hospital .... wanna go celebrate my bday . prolly will not be out till tomorrow though . ugh . thanks everyone for the bday wishes ! 
its taking forever to get out of the hospital . doc said i can go but then they keep doing more things ... im ready to yank the iv out and run . 
ready for spring to come . 
missing my girls ... excited to see them tomorrow . 
Had a great belated birthday dinner at dads . it was awesome ... im soooo stuffed . 
should not have drank that coffee at 6 before work ... now works done and i wanna sleep but can't . 
wish my camera worked . 
pancakes . 
go away wind ... it would be a much nicer day out . 
can't wait till tax return money comes in . 
Parent teacher conference for eza tonight ... hopefully its all good news . :) 
New clothes ! Yay ! Extra associate discount days rock . 
So tired of closing shifts . To all you people that must try on the same exact pants and shirts in every color and then make the clothes look like a laundry pile ... just stop ... have some respect for the fact that we have to refold them when you leave . 
Thank you guy closing starbucks for my free drink BUT now I really wanna sleep . 
closing AGAIN tonight but then off for two days ... YAY !! 
Today has not been a good day . Tomorrow , i have high expectations for you to be better . 
ugh ... i feel yucky . 
last load of laundry in the washer , eza playing happily , and < PROPFEMALE > napping ... still feeling sick but all is good for now . 
