Work flow all week and tired ... 
missing my Girly :( 
fed up !! 
Can't believe I went to bed so early and now is 5 am everyone is sleeping and I can run a marathon if there was one . I hope I don't burn out by the end if the day . 
It's amazing how a dog can be like a child , Taking as much care possible of Miyuki today because she's sickie . ( stressed ) 
trying to get over my cold ... I'm so sickk 
Great night ! But I have to go to bed I have a big day ahead of me tomorrow ! 
I Want a new home in Gliese 581 c 
Sweet game :) 
Trying to get back with my schedule , it's been a hectic week 
Feeling Happy I just woke up to more voicemails and texts that my phone can even handle literally .. which means people know I'm still alive :) 
Laughing because it's been 9 months and I'm still trying to teach my dog to bark instead of the Purring , meowing I usually get from her ... 
Lets all play a game ! Hopefully it goes a long way and last's a couple of days . The task is the following : With Career choices and changes we may all want to start something new , but with so many choices we may not consider some that are good for us and simply overlook it . Out of curiosity tell me what you see me doing(nothing fresh people ) and in response I will tell you what I think you might be good at 
We break up with a love interest when we find we are no longer compatible . We break up with family when we discover that we either exceed or don't meet there expectations . We break up with friends when there is no longer any common ground . But the toughest break up is that of breaking up with your identity ; because if we don't break up with who we are , we could never open our arms for who we want to be . 
Thanks to all for the warm wishes , posts , messages , voicemails , and calls . To those who remixed the happy birthday ( you know who you are ) it was great ! I could not have asked for anything better than everything I received . Dinner , Flowers , Cake , gifts , and a new job + all the love ; it's going to take a while to removed this smile off my face . 
Dear FB friends .. I am writing to tell you that I am not adding any community applications at this time . It's just not going to work . After being involved with Farmville , Yoville , Fishville , Cafeworld , Sororitylife , and Superpokepet It is time for me to take a break . I am just not ready for such a commitment . I don't want to hurt your feelings and hope you understand that it's me not you and want to still be friends . 
My all time crush Andy Pettitte is Pitching and there playing with the move or I'll move you attitude .. I love it .. We got this one tonight 
If what you are doing is not moving you towards your goals , then it's moving you away from your goals . - Brian Tracy 
“Winter is nature's way of saying , " Up yours . ” - Robert Byrne .... ? Stay warm people and try not to slip in all this snow !!! For all the Brittany Murphy we are in mourning ; may she rest in peace along with Michael Jackson and all the other greatest that have passed this year . Also for the family may the lord be by tía Matilde's side in P.R we are praying that she gets better ? 
Wow Sh*tty day everything all around >_< Stood in the dark all day my eyes hurt , the rain hasn't stop . Tomorrow best to be a better one ; otherwise I'm going to loose the bit of sanity I have left ( no more pork for me ) Damn allergies , stupid swelling and evil hives I hate this 
Ani con cramberry Who sonlin son berry Baby you spaghetti ? Les’t go im ready Tirame por el blackberry ( 24244389 ) Vamonos en el ferry Be happy don’t worry Watagatapitusberry 
Wishing every one a Very Merry Christmas 
Families and friends are like fudge ... mostly sweet with a few nuts ; Yet we could not be happy with out them and I am thankful for them everyday not just on the 4th Thursday of November . 
Happy Birthday to my adorable baby cousin Ezekiel and my Beautiful aunt Yvette . 
??? d ? no ? o ? uo sI ?? ?? s ? d pu ? ? do ? ' s ?? s sI ?? ???? ? no ?? n ? I ? o ? ?? nou ? ???? s ??? no ? ? I 
cold and afraid of thunder can't wait for this season to be over with ugh ! 
" God , Grant Me The Serenity To Forget The People I Never Liked Anyway ; The Good Fortune To Run Into The Ones I Do , And The Eyesight To Tell The Difference ... " 
The Ground is spinning under my feet and I haven't even had a drink ! So many things so little time to catch on . They say don't blink because things change ; I think my eyes were closed for to long . I could harbor hatred , confusion , and negative sentiments but I am enjoying this too much to be anything but happy , excited and ready for what ever comes next . Bombastic !!!! 
Next life time I want to be reincarnated into a bear so I can sleep in the winter and wake up in spring ; I really don't like winter . I wish it stays nice like this outside . 
1 day and a 1/2 dealing with a stomach virus , I do realize that the toilet is indeed my very best friend ; who else would take so much crap from me without complaining ??? ( feeling dizzy and hungry -_-) 
R . I . P tía Matilde you will be missed . You won our hearts with your great personality & kindred spirit . Today I thought of the 5 months I lived with you , how you'd wake me up by pulling my toes at 6am so I can walk miles on the carretera to get to school & how you yelled at me to stop running around the house when I crushed lizards ( priceless ) you always shared the hamaca with me just to keep me happy . 
" Messy and everywhere " 
" Even a fool knows you can't touch the stars , but it doesn't stop a wise man from trying . " 
Eating Rice , Beans and Steak for breakfast 
Awesome laid back day at the tat shop . Watching wrestling eating chinitos and getting a new addition :) 
I Can't wait to have a phone again ... it will be the same number just not a broken phone , for all of those who have been texting/calling bear with me because I simply can't use the damn thing and noo I'm not ignoring anyone ( I've gotten a lot of that too ) 
“Happy is the person who knows what to remember of the past , what to enjoy in the present , and what to plan for in the future . ” ~ Arnold H . Glasgow 
RealFeel® : 17 °F Right now / Tonight's RealFeel® : 4 °F mother nature is trying to preserve us allright by the end of the week I will have a permanent lifestyle lift ; guaranteed no wrinkles for years to come ! Oo0 wait and it's stargazing condition for the first time in months , I've been waiting for it and now its here ... excellent now how the heck are you supposed to stargaze in this cold ? 
“Work like you don't need the money , love like your heart has never been broken , and dance like no one is watching” __ Aurora Greenway 
O0o london fashion week how I wish I was with you :'( 
Why is it that when we really like someone we tend to get extremely jealous ? This includes friends , partners , and family . When we care about someone a lot we naturally tend to get jealous . I'd like to know why we as humans are like this ... why do we still have our doubts and that little green monster that comes out even though 90% of the time we know there are no threats . 
Lost in fashion : leather I love you and will always wear you if you make it in or not ... but I'm glad you did :) boho you made the cut but I see metallics taking over !! I see a lot of these and I remember the Jetsons and I think they have inspired some of these new designs , now all I need is my rocket ship . 
Met up with Vitico and Yeslenny the day wad pretty cool ... I've also been listening to Nirvana most of the day and I know who to blame :) 
Nothing like pain to remind you that you are still alive and help you appreciate the good moments in life . 
Note to self :: chapped lips and lemonade cause an excruciating sting :'( 
~ Boys like girls ~ 23 and invincible Got the world figured out and a bird on my shoulders Told me everything's gon ' be alright ( Whoa-oh ) And when is everything gonna be alright ? Now she's got a boyfriend And I've got a rock band Cause nothing really ever goes the way it's planned Yeah she's in Ohio and I'm on some back road Driving to the city and then who knows Cause that's all she wrote 
My little brother volunteered to read me a night time story yay me is been a while no one reads to me :-) 
Crazy night saw candido who remembered me and brought me some goodies back from PR . Then Darelis ' babyshower was hot and sweaty fun . Kidnapped Yeslenny and ended the night with some races . 
It is and old superstition that if your ear itches is red and hot , someone is speaking bad of you(This is annoying me right now so .... ) where ever you are bite your tongue off and remember If you act nonvirtuously , suffering results will await you it's called Karma ! 
Got my grandma from the emergency room and took her home ( all that cause of a shrimp shell ) lol now I'm with my boys giving relationship advise , lol who tells me how to be happy O man counseling mode . . . At the taller , people learn to grab their girl or their man say ILY and let all that negativity go . 
Will I make it home before the storm , hmmm ... NWS says small items like a bin may fly around due to the wind >_< I'm 125lbs and not that much taller than a bin eekk 
Vous êtes très accueillis mon bel ami ... Yeslenny 
Off to work ? 
? I still believe in fairy tales ? :-P screw all the miserable people 
thinks that my attention span is so short I can't even remember what this Facebook Status update was going to be about ... 
I think I should know How To make love to something innocent without leaving my fingerprints out Now L-O-V-E's just another word I never learned to pronounce How Do I say I'm sorry ' cause the word is never gonna come out Now L-O-V-E's just another word I never learned to pronounce ~ starstrukk- 3oh ! 3 ft katy 
The secret side of me , I never let you see I keep it caged but I can't control it So stay away from me , the beast is ugly I feel the rage and I just can't hold it I feel it deep within , it's just beneath the skin I must confess that I feel like a monster I hate what I've become , the nightmare's just begun I must confess that I feel like a monster ~ SKILLET ~ 
At the office from 10-1 pennstar I tried calling you back but no answer , when you wake up ... You know i'll be waiting . Today is going to be beautiful definitely not a stay home day , enjoy fbf I know I will :-D 
So the Dominican festival on the concourse is still going after that rain ? That's crazy 
Surprised about everything I got done yesterday and Happy to see and spend time with my very good friends Penny , Darelis , Jessi , Yeslenny , and even Alta , a trip to the park , a trip to the museum , and driving around the city blasting music just like good ol ' times 
I used to be indecisive but I am not sure anymore ? ? ? 
With our economy already in shambles this is not a bill we need to pass , americans depend on internet for things way beyond social communication we can't afford $$$ to lose it not one day 
http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-501465_162-20030143-501465.html 
( Inner thought ) out on the wall = Rodriguez , Agosto , Gonzalez , Vazquez ... could I get any more Puerto Rican/ Latina ? answer is no but I love what we're made up of :: Fam[ily ] <3 :: 
Wow thats a lot of rain ! 
Happy 1st full moon on a Sunday after the spring equinox a.k.a Happy Easter/resurrection day anniversary , everyone enjoy and go safe on the chocolate bunnies . I'll be on my way to visit my brothers and sister its been a while :) 
In order to reach the top you must get rid of everyone and everything that holds you down 
Well the winter solstice(first day of winter ) isn't here yet but geez it's freezing out I call this winter .... 
Nemo sailing home Nemo letting go Oh , how I wish For soothing rain All I wish is to dream again My loving heart Lost in the dark For hope I'd give my everything My flower , withered between The pages 2 and 3 The once and forever bloom gone with my sins ~ Nightwish 
" I am proud to say that I am a fortunate homosexual man . I am very blessed to be who I am _Ricky Martin via twiiter " ( Not that anyone is surprised , but why wait 38 years to say it ? ) " Prefiero que los niños se mueran de hambre antes de ser adoptados por una pareja gay _Paquita la del Barrio stated last week " ( I wonder how she feels about Ricky raising his twins lol ) 
Going to pay some bills buy some stuff for Miyuki and then Life as We Know It .... 
Out with mom and the boys 
Yess a fresh smelling air conditioned subway cart 
Iron 
Man 2 is sweet ! 
Discovered that when crossing a bridge water blows at you from all four directions and I got an idea of what it feels like if I was a car in a carwash (: -\ 
Happy summer solstice everyone A.k.A longest day of the year :-) lets enjoy this summer 
Love life and life will love you back *?* 
When there is no enemy within , the enemies outside cannot hurt you 
Kill hannah ~ See I’ve waited for all my life , To be here with you tonight Just put me on my back Knock me out again . 
Have you noticed that you are only seeing updates or getting comments from the same people lately ? Facebook made a change . You only see posts from people you interact with regularly . TO CHANGE THIS : Scroll down to the bottom of News Feed on your homepage and click ' Edit Options ' , click ' Show Posts From ' and change setting to ' All Of Your Friends and Pages ' . * REPOST TO LET YOUR FRIENDS KNOW 
O no thunder :'( 
Great summer storm on it's way for the whole weekend ×__× 
?? (????•?) ?? going to go harass my grandma today with kisses I am feeling way to hyper for my own good ..... OMG my brother Jeffrey Laboy got me drinking four loco last night good but not good those two cans were like drinking a box of gasolina if I had a low tolerance to alcohol I would have gotten smashed and or alcohol poisoning as per Natasha Sagandee you were smart not to drink any lol 
Ahhh a 6pm good morning ( rise and shine ) Hey where is everyone in my house ? Blisters on my feet are itchy and bloody fresh >_< I just want to relax and get me some breakfast/lunch/dinner ... thinking some authentic italian yumm ... Great night I'm wondering if my dear Aisling is even home yet ;) 
Cool sleepover although the fourth kind is scary and kept me and melissa up for a while lol the ice cream with coconut rum didn't help woo talk about sugar rush 
Wow enrique Iglesias took his mole off and got some hair restoration LOL ... Looking at Push ft . Liil wayne 
There is nothing else to proof Now you still deny the simple truth Can’t find the reason to keep holding on Now that love is gone Love is gone 
Woohoo yanks 10 to zip at happy hour with Arturo , Delilah and Jr 
Lambrusco is tottaly like cranberry juice 
Listening to the game in the office not the same as watching but atleast im not missing it 
Errands , and more errands woo hoo lucky me >_< lets go ... 
A happy Bday to my gr8grandad who would have been 92 today it's been 3 yrs since your passing but we will never forget you <3 
I <3 this weather 
En el amor no se manda El corazon no entiende de palabras Tan solo vuela donde dice el alma Y no es tan fácil cortarle las alas En el amor no se manda Quisiera amarte como tu me amas -Yuridia 
JURY DUTY day 3 ... When will it be over I want my life back I actually want to go back to work 
The worst feeling in the world is when your in the middle of a dream , dont have to wake up yet but someone decides to bang on your door and wake you anyway for something unnecessary >_< I want my dream back you theif ! 
pal Trabajo 
is going to sleep now yes now because I have to wake up in a few hours to be on my way for this NYPD physical in west bubba fux at 5:30 am >_< goodnight people !!! ( This also means texts and phone calls will not be answered ) 
There is no greater feeling than knowing that your thoughts belong to you and only you can tell them how to behave in your head :-P 
Winter once again >_< 
Spending christmas with my aunt , cousins and grandma ... in baking mode . Best wishes to all for the holidays . 
Last night , I saw a butterfly in my bedroom wall . So I decided to write my name on it .... It died :-( 
Mood : distraught , confused , uncomfortable , and worried 
Eating mcdonalds popcorn lol 
Stupid insomnia why don't you let me sleep , if I could wrap my arms around you I'd hurt you ... O well Happy Morning . =^_^= 
@ bar XII finishing up what we started last wednesday 
Yum carvel ice cream wednesday 
Went out to bjs with my auntie and ive been home ever since ... But I must have been on cloud nine because I just passed my lil brothers room and noticed theres a whole extra kid in there lol >_< play date time ? 
Yumm sushi 
last minute shopping it is so pack we at the mall I dont get why the lines are , so long this a " recession " people should be home . 
Why are the new ; New York license plates yellow and black like a bumble bee they are hideous 
Out with boss , my great coworkers and the lovely delilah awesome food and drinks :) yum 
“Have courage for the great sorrows of life and patience for the small ones ; and when you have laboriously accomplished your daily task , go to sleep in peace . God is awake . " __ victor hugo 
I see a red door and I want it painted black No colors anymore I want them to turn black I see the girls walk by dressed in their summer clothes I have to turn my head until my darkness goes I see a line of cars and they're all painted black With flowers and my love both never to come back I see people turn their heads and quickly look away Like a new born baby it just happens ev'ry day ~ Rolling Stones 
Magic happens when two hearts align , i've met you in my dreams but not in my life ... ( going to work ) 
Better things come when you let go of everything and everyone that made your life miserable in the first place . Starting a new stage in life ... 
Today is beautiful outside I don't mind the overcast and damp air at all :-) Eating spaghettios before I head out to work ... A happy Monday to everyone 
Karaoke and drinks with melissa 
“This is the way of peace : Overcome evil with good , falsehood with truth , and hate with love . ” 
Work at noon , Hoping the thunderstorm waits for me to be indoors before it pours . 
I had an exciting day yesterday seen a real deer and actual chipmunk that was so cute too bad I couldn't bring it home , and a police squad was on there way with guns and a shield to start a riot just like csi only live lol ... 
I am enjoying the new simpsons episodes :) 
Anyone know what kinds of birds sing at night and can be found in NYC ? it's definitely not mockingbirds >_< but there seems to be a min of one hundred of them that won't shut up outside my window . ( Wishing for a tippmann right about now ) 
Sleepy ... 
* :::: IMPORTANT ::: OKAY SO MY PHONE WENT OUT OF WHACK AND I HAD TO DO A MASTER RESET AND MY BACK UP FILE FOR CONTACTS IS NON-EXISTENT BECAUSE I CAN'T REMEMBER MY GMAIL PASSWORD SOOOO FOR ALL THOSE WHO HAVE MY NUMBER KINDLY TEXT ME YOUR NAME IN A TEXT MESSAGE SO I CAN SAVE IT OR SEND IT TO ME IN A PRIVATE MESSAGE ( THIS INCLUDES FAMILY YES MOM , AUNT'S , SISTERS , BROTHERS AND SOMEONE SEND ME GRANDMAS #)I HAVE NADA !!! 
Transmogrify me into a pillar of salt so that the rain can wash me out and I can be as free as the ocean breeze 
I really dislike snow ... So when will it stop 
Waiting for the metro because the subway isnt working uptown on the 2 line ugh 
Feliz 
cinco de mayo 
Gym time with Melissa 
I got kicked out of Barnes and Nobles cuz i put all the bibles in the fiction section __textsfromlastnight . com ( I would so do this ) 
Waiting for my Melissa Torres who had a rush to go to church today :) that's always a good thing !!! Painting today how much fun bring on the brushes rollers and turpentine O0o yeah and the pink paints ( 3 shades of pink this will be fun ) 
Saw Yazaira today after like forever and although the day wasnt the best it brought thoughts to a new light if something isn't working out for you don't work so hard for it and in order for one to find themselves they have to get lost a little first ... out with the old and in with the new and it isn't new years yet ! I got the need for speed right now 
So I am got home it's 11 pm and my 8 year brother is awake laughing at what I thought was a cartoon but I just noticed he's atching the Mummy lol , what the heck is wrong with these kids now in days 
Actions are louder than words ... It's clear to see who's really there for you easy to know who really cares and also easy to see who pretends to for their own benefits and fake personalities ... The clock struck 12 ; who called to wish me a happy new year ? No one but it's okay . I didn't call this year for a change . My new years resolution ** I'm not kissing ass nomore ** calls , hi's , and how are u's work both ways !!! 
Soooo sleepy stupid drowsy allergy pills took the life out of me . 
Good night last night swung over by candido's and saw my baby miyuki took her for the longest walk in history lol and I had awesome dinner now off to work and I sorta kinda am starting to see a good weekend in front of me :) yay me 
Wow it feels like just the other day i was changing diapers ... Time flies , happy birthday nicholas turns 7 today 
Euri Hernandez 1 more day can't wait ... 
So I have to verbally confirm with my brothers school that it is okay for my aunt to pick him up ... Im thinking to myself no one will try to kidnap nicholas because they will quickly regret it and bring him back 
Legalize it , and I will advertise it . ~ Peter Tosh ... It's been five years for me w/out but for everyone else happy 4/20 
“Beauty is how you feel inside , and it reflects on the outside ! It is not something physical nor something you can buy , and there is no other feeling so great than when you know nothing about you is fake and you keep it real with yourself and everyone else in your life each day” 
Lights , Camera , Ice Cream ! 
No more sleep deprivation after my eleven hour sleep 
So cold i'd like to stay under the covers 
Quick stop at angel's school and then to Darelis's house :) Pennstar I go to work at oneish so call me or Dees 401 # if you wake up early . Disfrutando la lluvia ya que no hay mas nada ... 
Don't settle for what you could live 
with - find what you cannot live without . 
music ? 
family ? 
food ? 
good friends ? 
health ? 
<3 ? 
Life is like candy it comes in different flavors but it's overall yummy 
eek Jury duty and I can't postpone FML ... atleast I slept well sort of with the exception of some strange dreams 
If they say life's a dream 

Call this insomnia 
Cause this ain't Wonderland 
It damn sure ain't Narnia 
And once you cross the line 
You can't change your mind 
Yeah I'm a monster 
But I'm no Frankenstein 
And quite frankly 
I've been feeling insane in between my eyes 
I really cant explain what I feel inside 
If you knew what I was you's would run and hide ~ Bruno Mars- The other side 
Llegando a mi casa wow sunrise beginning earlier so nice , ahora como duermo con mi cabezita llena de pensamientos . 
For every dirty and slush filled path made in the snow from previous foot prints , there is fresh clean white snow not to far away to make a neat and unique path of your own <3 
They say life is a highway so we should expect potholes , bumps , and some accidents along the way . Also when we miss an exit we have to work twice as hard to get back to where we were going and every now and then you go the wrong direction but that doesn't mean you'll never find the correct route and when you finally reach your destination it is then that you feel the accomplishment of all your effort . ~ Elise 
A period of excess when everything in nature brims over . Emotions , psychic energy , physiological activity - everything s at its maximum . This is the time of increased creativity , but with those who are prone to high blood pressure , epilepsy or over excitement , this Full Moon period can be problematic :: Full moon till the 29th my head hurts :: 
Yum Doritos thanks Aisling Ni Cholúim . Having a good day so far Yeslenny Muñoz let me know if you'll be home , glad your feeling better . Euri Hernandez I am not going to do it anymore . 
I don't ask for much 
I just want to be 
a stain in the world 
that doesn't wash away 
long after I am gone <3 Elise 
headed to pennstars maybe riverbank park or something else ... Who knows 
A bachelor asked the computer to find him the perfect mate : " I want a companion who is small and cute , loves water sports , and enjoys group activities . " Back came the answer : " Marry a penguin . " 
One day your life will flash before your eyes . 
Make sure its worth watching . 
Okay so I went off the map a little this weekend but I'm back , so what didn't happen while I was gone ? Trying to spend my last day off wisely Yeslenny call me . . . where are you ? 4th of July was a memorable day considering I'm normally scared of being surrounded by fireworks a mini road trip with dinner , a movie was just right . 
Will Youtube discovery project eliminate pandora and slacker radio ... 
Ah I sense this long day ahead of me already ... but got to be thankful for the good and bad . A very Happy birthday to my BFFL Penny whos another year wiser today ILY 
It's crazy I'm getting all these bruises coming out four days after the acccident and I feel sore now ; I always thought the sideeffects come right after ... 
Not enough rain for my umbrella yet still annoying :-/ off to work 
Making cheeseburgers for my lil monsters , my little brother nick really loves gaga lol 
" God , grant me the serenity To accept the things I cannot change Courage to change the things I can And wisdom to know the difference " There is a thin line between hobby and lifestyle . You got a hold on me and i've given you the benefit of doubt . My intuition says your worth it But my mind says be very careful now dont let him become your addiction ; I'm listening to both 
QUE BONITA BANDERA , LA BANDERA PUERTORIQUEÑA <3 
OMG is pollen gone wild , I need a face mask 
Feliz día de las Madres/Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers of the world and the ones around me that hold a place in my heart ; my aunties Yvette and Abigail , My best friends who are on their way to motherhood Penelope and Darelis , The sisters Amelia and Linda , my step mom Dulce , My Grandmother the most dedicated mother I know and My very own mommy I <3 you 
You can write me down in history with hateful , twisted lies , you can 
tread me in this very dirt , but still , like dust , I'll rise ~ Maya Angelou 
There is a spanish phrase that says when you don't want broth you get three cups full . Some of us don't want this snow but yet it is still here and snow showers in effect friday through saturday , we need to learn to love and make peace with the fact that it doesn't seem to be finishing anytime soon 
Edy's Limited Edition Girl Scout Cookie Ice cream ; OMG yumm 
Every girl wants the guy they can fall for but I want the one to make me stand , because I dont want to fall in love I want to rise _ Elise 
If you are still talking about what you did yesterday , you haven't 

done much today . 
Real feel 42° grabbing 
my coat and I'm off to work ... 
WOW woke up from that nap like I slept a million years lol Melissa Torres lets go to white castle Biatch meet me by yonkers lmao 
Its an off day for everyone this full moon in sagittarius has everyone on asshole/bitch mood god people learn to control yourselves , going to attempt a peaceful environment this weekend ... To my surprise coffee rid me of my migraine and im feeling better physically anyway 
Am I the only one who didnt really like Gary Coleman , i'm sort of happy I wont be hearing him seeking pity from people now when im flipping through channels 
From the 22-29 of November change Ur profile pic w/ that of a cartoon of your infancy and invite Ur friends to do the same . The objective ? See no human face in facebook but an invasion of memories for the fight against CHILD ABUSE . 
Beautiful day outside . . . Off to the race track 
Great night finally thanks to the girls :) and Vitico . Happy birthday wishes to my lovely cousin Rosa and the awesome Jay , have a great day guys . 
Going to work , I don't know whats worst a 15 min walk across a bride in the snow and cheek cracking cold or one with sweat that feels like your crossing a desert o0O NY I hate you sometimes damn this heat wave 
Going ghost today and hopefully a clean house lies in my future ????? A botar m ! erd@ se ha dicho ; no one hit me up unless .... 
In altagracias house with Penny , Yeslenny , and Jessica who just finished cooking a yummy meal going out to enjoy it even if it rains 
hmmm DRIFT COMPETITION on August 7th and HONDA DAY on the 15th of August at Englishtown I smell a roadtrip and some munchies from Wawas better schedule that in now ... excited 
Had an okay day at work sat at the Irish fun fair it wasn't much fun but leave it up to shrek to find free food the penne a la vodka and the shepherds pie were delish : ) 
Jammin .. Its just one of those days When you don't wanna wake up Everything is fucked Everybody sux You don't really know why But you want justifyRippin ' someone's head off No human contact And if you interact Your life is on contract Your best bet is to stay away motherfucker It's just one of those days ! 
Reading the host will be pretty much unavailable until I finish since im lost inside the book be back after 619 pages ... 
knows it's 2:35 but after walking a lot I could use a cold beer yes beer 
Needs a Coffee Coolatta ASAP 
My teacher told us today we should get used to examinations because we'll be taking them forever and the last one we'll ever take is an Autopsy then he promises we won't take anymore ... thanks man :-/ 
In darelis's con pennstar I love my besties :) 
R . I . P 
George M . Steinbrenner it's a sad day for all fans of the NY Yankees . 
Thanks to everyone for all the Birthday posts , Inbox messages , phone calls , emails , and surprises that really made my day (????) .... I'd individually thank all wonderful friends back but I also might be done in time for my 24th .! I'm really 23 ?? I don't feel it or look it they still ask me for ID everywhere I go ; like Sorelys Rosario lets do this backwards ! 
Que noche Buena going to sleep with the itis :) 
Just got a card in the mail from my sweetheart so awesome , so romantic and the best recipe for a perfect day :: feeling so loved :: 
" Up and Atom " 
___ Radioactive man 
My ears are burning , someone is talking about me . Que se muerdan la lengua lol 
I believe that everything happens for a reason . People change so that you can learn to let go . Things go wrong so you can appreciate them when they’re right . You believe lies so eventually you trust no one but yourself . And sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together ~ Marilyn Monroe 
Victory doesn't mean winning over someone else , but overcoming one's own self-sabotaging tendencies . 
I Do Whatever My Rice Krispies Tell Me To . 
" Its a full moon out there tonight be careful theres a name for people who go out at night they are called lunatics " ~ as per Tom to Aisling and me 
If you're brave , copy this nto your status . See what people rate you : ( 1)crazy ( 2 ) wish we went out ( 3 ) talkative ( 4 ) sarcastic ( 5 ) lovable(6)sexy ( 7 ) strong ( 8 ) dumb ( 9 ) spoiled funny ( 14 ) awesomely ( 15 ) amazing(16 ) beauitful ( 17 ) cute ( 18)best fb sister/brother ( 19 ) mature ( 20 ) wish we hung out ooooooorrrrrr ( 21 ) horny 
Why does everything open at 9am :( I really wish I could check my POBOX today and can't , they should have a day or two in the week where it opens before 9am . 
Estas cuatro paredes no me aguantan hoy se bebe . Quiero correr a muchas millas por hora . La vida se contradice y hay cosas que uno tiene que amar y no tratar de cambiarlas . Yo seguire real hasta el fín y lo que no me matara me hara mas fuerte , un dia voy a entender todito lo que no entiendo ahora 
" Instant karma's gonna get you ... you better get yourself together . " ___ John Lennon 
I m a l i t t l e s p a c e d o u t a t t h e m o m e n t b e b a c k l a t e r w h e n y o u a r e n o l o n g e r b o r i n g m e . 
I'm like a rainbow in the sun or in the rain my true colors will show bright , beautiful , and out of your reach ~ Elise <3 
If you judge people , you 
have no time to love - Mother Teresa 
Office is open on Columbus day so off to work I go ... 
is Attempting to give a give a damn : 
??????????????????? ] 99% Complete ... ERROR ! : Unable to give a damn . 
That's a lot of rain . . . 
Expandables ... Movie flow * con yeslenny 
Así es la Vida De caprichosa , A veces negra , A veces color rosa Asi es la vida , Jacarandosa , Te quita , te pone Te sube , te baja Y a veces te lo da Asi es la vida 
All glory comes from daring to begin ___Shakespeare 
Roses are red . Violets are blue . Friend requests are great . But who the hell are you . 
Work ; then I must try to go see the bestie darelis and little Aiden born on 10/28 finally . O what a night a water bug attack and my other bestie vitico came to bring me much needed gifts thank goodness for great friends . Hope every one along with me can enjoy this day . 
If my mind can conceive it 
and my heart can 
believe it 
<3 I know I can achieve it <3 
14 you are super cool so i hope you dont take it the wrong when i say i'm not playing this fb game lol 
Does anyone Know where a friend of mine can purchase a fake I'd ? PM me thanks . . . 
Poke 
me if , youever had a crush on me . LIKE this status , if you think im 
cute . INBOXme , if you ever wanted a relationship with me .... Now 
lets seewhosbrave enough to copy & paste this on their 
status .... 
is cutting unnecessary ties . I cut my friends list by over half today , If I erased you I won't add you again . It's time to evaluate myself and " follow my heart " Learn to let go and embrace all changes _MOOD : Indescribable_ 
A very Happy Birthday to my mother Noemi Agosto your 3,000 miles away but right here in my heart ; I love you very much and wish you many more and hope you find many ways to enjoy your day . 
If You Sneeze on Monday Proverb(I can't stop sneezing it better be a good letter lol ) 
If you sneeze on Monday , you sneeze for danger ; Sneeze on a Tuesday , kiss a stranger ; Sneeze on a Wednesday , sneeze for a letter ; Sneeze on a Thursday , something better ; Sneeze on a Friday , sneeze for sorrow ; Sneeze on a Saturday , see your sweetheart to-morrow . 
I <3 potato chips 
Why lie to people who don't deserve it when I know where my heart and my mind is ? 
They say everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking & never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live , & they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy but you will ALWAYS love them . Re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends . 
Fed-up 
Tired 
Sick and twisted 
One-man army 
I'm enlisted 
Trust 
yourself trust no one else 
Fuck a hero be yourself ~ Popa Roach 
“Only an Aunt can give hugs like a mother , can keep secrets like a sister , and share love like a friend . ” ~ Spanish Proverb 
Happy Birthday to my lovely aunt Abigail Agosto today , wishing you many more years and lots of warm wishes XOXO 
work .... 
I don't suffer from insanity , i enjoy every minute of it ????? 
Its 10am I officially hate the snooze button , curse the person who invented it . Running late to work literally >_< 
Feeling thankful that the wind delivers a feeling of happiness , while the sun traces its light upon my skin letting me know it's still shining , and I am reassured that the best things in life are truly free . Thank God for every new day you awake . . 
I think I'm in love with my radio 
' Cause it never lets me down 
And I fall in love with my stereo 
Whenever I hear that sound _ Beyonce 
I won't justify The way I live my life ' Cause I'm the one livin ' it Feelin ' it , tastin ' it And you're just wasting your time Trying to throw me a line When you're the one drowning I like where I'm at on my back Floating down in my own riptide The water is fine ~ Riptide-Sick Puppies 
Just found some old photos you may or may not be tagged in ????? this will be fun ... 
So someone calls the office and says I cant talk for too long because I'm driving , my thought ( why do we insure you why ? ) 
Euri Hernandez eres mio :) 
keeping a positive outlook , when you believe there's a light at the end of the tunnel you eventually start to see it . Going to need a mean dark pair of shades soon :-) 
INBOX ONLY : Tell me something you always wanted to tell me . I'll keep it between us . Post this as your status and see what you get 
So I got a letter from St. Barnabas nursing home they claim to have no recent phone numbers for anyone in the family ( my first thought was that isn't true these jerks ... ) and then I'm laughing because now that I think about it everyone in the family got a new # this year LOL no worries I'll handle it I will be updating with them so they can contact us :-) 
Going to spend time with the girls ? ^ ??? ^ ? 
" Some pursue happiness , others create it . " ___ Anonymous 
Breaking news :: By ( MJ ) after hearing the new release with my room mate we noticed it was off I threw on my Dre beats and I noticed that the only breaking news is that it isn't my idols voice !! been listening to him for like ever , do they thing a true fan won't notice SMH ... he is still immortal in my heart 
Lead , follow , or get out of the way 
__Thomas Paine 
HAPPY FRIDAY THE 13th 
Because I get stoopid , I mean outrageous Stay away from me if you're contagious ' Cause I'm the winner , no , I'm not the loser To be an M.C. is what I choose ' a .... Woooo Rockin and studying school day 3 
In dreams , we enter a world that's entirely our own . ~ Harry Potter 
Facebook is the only place where people talk to walls and it's considered " normal " 
I'm starting what I like to call project 365 I got the idea from my friend David Aldaz he has a awesome album already . I will take one photo daily for 365 days(1year ) as a way to tell a story of my daily life this is a difficult " commitment " I have to throw a twist in it ; I may not upload it daily but it will definitely be taken daily , I will try to include what I was thinking when it was taken as well 
Just got up at Altagracia's house had a awesome little night , Penny's shower turned out great ILY my girls and thanks to candido watching my little monster gives me a peace of mind because I know he does a great job . 
Happy Winter Solstice everyone(first day of winter brrr here come cold ... longest day of the year ) !! For those who missed the Lunar eclipse last night I've seen some nice Videos online so far ... :-D 
Life lives , life dies . Life laughs , life cries . Life gives up and life tries . But life looks different through everyone's eyes . __Unknown 
So I go to rite-aid trying to get the cheapest glue and I pick one up for $0.50 and when i'm ready to pay the cashier says its on sale for 12 cents ... Wow don't I feel like a big spender 
FML 
Excited because Aisling Ni Cholúim got us the highly anticipated PINK SHARPIES ; feeling loved ? _ ? 
Let's get this week over with ??? on may way to freeze my a$5 off 
Why is the girl across from me on the subway wearing ugg boots ? 
Happy St. Valentines day the Saint we know almost nothing about . but of course this day is a symbol to celebrate love . a very profitable day of the year for just about any business selling flowers , chocolate , heart shaped objects . etc ... Hope that everyone enjoys but also remembers that Love is around us everyday . So while my love is working hard all day I'm off to do the same school day 6 ... Wall St bound 
Ooblar , these humans look so scrawny . Hardly very appetizing . Are you sure they're yummy ? 
I assure you , my slimy sovereign , Poultra will be quite pleased . 
Humans are mostly water , with a crunchy bony center . _Jimmy Neutron : Boy genius 
Y yo sin conexion .... 
I'm a hott mess but I wont admit it 
Put up a front like I'm the best just so you'd be with it 
Deep down inside don't know if I should keep going or quit it 
but the only thing you can do with life is live it 
I will never be the first to give in 
Just took my momma n the boys to the airport . Miss ' em already 
Lindsay Lohan a jewelry theif now lol http://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/lindsay-lohan-jewelry-thief/story?id=12821851 
Why would a mother feed her children sour straws and capri sun for breakfast smh 
Calling the night short day was okay after all boss man came back from vacay and brought me a mug with saltwater taffy yum :) and I got to chat some online ; which is not my norm but what ever yay me . 
A peanut is a legume and therefore a fruit that grows under the ground Almonds , cashews , and sunflower seeds are " seeds " why do planters ® and other companies throw them all in one can and call them all mixed nuts like there all the same thing ? 
Is getting tired of people assuming she is a spoiled little 
white girl that has had everything handed to . I have worked and earned 
just 
about everything I own for quite some time ; I have a baby face but that 
doesn’t 
make me innocent or anyone's responsibility I know how to care for 
myself . 
So if my parents don't talk I 
certainly don’t 
need strangers doing it . Fu%k off people . I am an adult ! 
Con Yeslenny Y Vitico finding Nemo @ prime time fun . 
Just got home from work ... My babie said he wanted chili for dinner so that's what he's going to get :) cooking time 
Rain yes Rain :-) 
Yesterday is history , Tomorrow is a mystery , Today is a gift - that's why it's called the Present . 
Showered by the darkness that is an essence in me , I sit back and embrace life's mystery , call me cold , evil , and mean but I wouldn't change myself to be anything but me I will not conform to anything that stops me from being free . 
Beautiful outside :-) 
" You cannot find peace by avoiding life . " — Virginia Woolf 
So apparently 3-5am was the designated time last to call/text/Message me ; even mom called me ( 4:30 am really ? ) Well sorry I missed everyone's attempts to contact me . You guys can call me back now that I'm awake !!! Also happy 71st anniversary for the Wizard of Oz . 
Just noticed that john mellencamp-Jack and diane and jessica simpsons-I think im in love with you have the exact same instrumentals ... 
69°F feels nice I love a good overcast dont care what anyone says 
Running on low time to regain some power , awake since 4:00 A.M but all for good causes so I'm smiling <3 
Magic happens when two hearts align your in my dreams but not in my life ... <3 
_________________ _________________ ___________________ 
p . s still trying to regain lost contacts if you haven't already done so text me your name so I can save your number or send a private message ; thanks . 
It's best not to fight things and go with the flow because when you push , drag , scream and fight you only prolong what your destiny holds . I keep on making moves and plans but seems like fate has it all mapped out for me and it doesn't necessarily have to be bad I guess things just fall into place . 
Happy Valentines Day to me cuddling up with my text book and Notes , they replaced my boyfriend this weekend/week ... Midterm tomorrow 
For those of you still trying to text , and call me my cellphone is not connected and I am not ignoring anyone ... Thanks . 
With our thoughts we make our life 
Dime con quién andas y te diré quién eres .... very true :) so ay muchas gente con quien no andare mas 
((( O0o ))) excitement my house mate is back home thank god she's back because my love is gone back to Harrisburg after our extended weekend <3 it was a happy one month anniversary :-) now I am enjoying girly time hair , nails , sims on gamecube and halloween decorations for holiday cheer yayyyy 
[ P]ositive [ E]nergy [ A]ctivates [ C]onstant [ E]levation ? 
Off to the office ; I need a red bull lol . Melissa Torres what time where you thinking about for life as we know it ? 
My brain is going way faster than my body is . Sometimes I wish i could move at the speed of light , I'd get so much done if i could ! 
Chicken of the Sea for dinner ... 
" keep your friends close and your enemies closer " _Sun-tzu 
If I know you are fake I wouldn't tell you , I'd keep you guessing for my own amusement mood :: bitchy :: 
What's that I hear ??? My intuition telling me someone is fake :) forewarned is forearmed I'll listen to my gut instinct ; it will make it impossible for them when they try to bring me down . 
Things I love about myself : I have a bullshit detector 
lets see who is paying attention . Every single one of you are on my friend list , as a result of a conscious decision . I wanted you there ! I am not only glad to count you as friends , but also family . Let's see who on my friends list actually pays attention . Copy & paste this as your status . I'll be watching to see who really does cherish family & friendship . Thank you for being part of my life ! 
Had a great night overall now to fully wake up is the challenge . 
Mi vida es una gran aventura y empieza cada día :-D 
So Beaches and Pools are officially closed and I didn't get a chance to go :( ... I feel the need for a small get away hopefully sometime soon . 
RIP to Rich Cronin from LFO ... 
INBOX 
ONLY : tell me something you've always wanted to tell/ask me . I'll keep 
it between us . Post this as your status and see what you get ** 
Well I hope that ground hog doesn't see his shadow today because I really don't want another 6 weeks of this s# ! t on another note with the sun and moon back in aquarius we're ready for another cycle Happy New Year everyone :) its officially the year of the rabbit again woo hoo ( excited because I'm a rabbit ) 
o YUM lunch on the boss :D so sweet of him to make sure we don't starve while he is off to playing golf ... 
Feeling some a sort of sense of accomplishment for doing nothing today yet walking 134 blocks all over NYC with Yeslenny Muñoz I'm feeling fit !! Now if I can only get rid of worlds biggest headache and hear a little of something from a certain someone special that would make my night complete ..... 
Off to the office .. Yeslenny G . Muñoz I just finished the jugo de avena he he , I miss my baby Miyuki but I know she's fine ! Thanks candido for the pic :) Hope everyone enjoys their day 
" The best way to predict the future is to create it . " - Peter Drucker 
Happy 12th Birthday to Google you're one of the best teachers I've ever had and you make my life much easier . 
Odee Oldies album is back into full effect ? (????•?) ? who will be tagged next , the world may never know 
Everyone should take a moment today to remember the greatest musician that ever lived , Happy birthday Michael Jackson ILY 
Aisling Collum .. But countries do have capitals ?? :-P 
The trip is never as fun when the destination is back home and away from my sweetheart 
Sometimes I'm just one of the boys , there is something relaxing in drag racing an adrenaline rush is great therapy when your behind the wheel 
I <3 freezer bags because of them I can cook dinner in less than 30 minutes :) 
It's starting to look like a triple rainbow 0_O .... 
Air wick is a genius brand for making vanilla snow & soft cashmere scent it's like heaven just touched my nose lol 
Blah fml :-/ 
I'm spaced out in a day dream waiting for my train when I notice that down on the track a rat is staring at me ... No I'm not looking at you figures NYC even the rats got a rude temper 
OMG the BFF is having the baby .... can someone freaking call me not even sergio picks up the phone >_< Yeslenny ? There is no one at her house ??? Grrr this is frustrating Jose Rafael Pichardo Llamame !! 
? 9/ ?? Remember to keep at least one moment of silence today in memory of all the lives lost on this anniversary day that we will never forget . 
New York is named the most stressful city in America ... 
El amor tiene un poderoso hermano , el odio . Procura no ofender al primero porque el otro puede matarte . 
A Happy Birthday to my Beautiful Sis Amelia Pedrosa and an awesome veterans day to all 
T-Mobile® myTouch™ 3G 3.5 mm Jack - Black for sale(used but in great condition ) .. best offer hit up the Inbox 
Q : Did you get my inbox question ??? 
A : Yeah and I am not going to answer !!!.... geezuz people do something a little more productive with your spare time a second job or a new hobby maybe sometimes it feels like middle school all over again SMH ( walks away ) 
Well even though the sun is going away early still can't help but feeling good :) 
(\_ (\* : 
(= ’ :’) : *• .. 
( , (”) (”) ¤° . ¸¸ . •´¯`»Where words fail music speaks it makes my world go round I <3 my radio 
“Time is too slow for those who wait , too swift for those who fear , too long for those who grieve , too short for those who rejoice , but for those who love , time is eternity . ” 
Sushi = <3 
So now that a lot of people are talking astrology the point of a sun sign is what house the sun was at the moment of your birth if the cosmos change which is normal every age that should only influence those born now . There are many constellations far beyond our sight that have always existed along with there ruling planets 
Forget Halloween today is a better holiday it's my babie's ( Euri Hernandez ) day . Happy Birthday mi vida XOXOXOX : -* 
wants a burger and fries and its still 8:30 and must wait to order it later ... >_< 
BAD LUCK ONLY EXISTS FOR THOSE WHO ACCEPT IT . 
<3 great day yesterday hopefully a better tomorrow 
_Moral Support_ is a way of giving support to a person or cause , or to one side in a conflict , without making any contribution beyond the emotional or psychological value of the encouragement . There is always two sides to a story ; so it's best to contribute nothing than to support someone whom you know is partially in the wrong . 
A lie may take care of the present , but it has no future 
The Zuckerberg fan page hacked ? That is so not a good sign ... 
http://mashable.com/2011/01/26/mark-zuckerberg-fan-page-hacked/ 
Quiero mi cafe :-( ... soooo sleep deprived home improvements are not as exciting as they are on TV I still have paint on my hand and my job is no where near done it looks like another late night after work that is ; My room mate is lucky she can catch more zzz'z 
Is at a great party where all the good songs are flowing salsa , bachata , and merengue but everyone here is white or asain and needless to say confused lol 
is headed to a golf outing although I'm not playing any golf ... This is going to be a very interesting day ; out of the office for a change . :-D 
Cause you feel like paradise 
I need a vacation tonight 
So if I said I want your body now 
Would you hold it against me __ is Britney B*tch ! 
I like it hanging from my doornob 
' Cause you're love , you're love is my drug <3 
O NYC I got to love it ... get some flip flops , a pair of boots , an umbrella , a tank top , sweater and a coat so I can be ready for all four seasons in one week 
mmmm melted cheese and flour tortillas 
My confidence is crazy Penelope Rodriguez Nuñez and Darelis Arias ( ladies ?? ) 
Yum onions , celery , carrots , cabbage , bean sprouts , chicken , garlic and shrimp with Rice I love experimenting in my fave room of the house :) 
I'm being held momentarily by the trains dispatcher and they want me to please be patient ... someone wake me up when this damn thing decides to move again 
Everything we do is infused with the energy with which we do it . If we're frantic , life will be frantic . If we're peaceful , life will be peaceful . And so our goal in any situation becomes inner peace . ___Marianne Williamson 
IS EXPECTING !! I know it's crazy isn't it ? I can't believe it myself I wasn't going to put it on here but it's getting obvious , and I wanted to make it official . I mean who would have guessed that i would be expecting !!! Yup , it's official . We're expecting snow again this weekend ! ** Re-post if you have any sense of humor !!... 
Its beat goes on and its RED 
So excited Friday is here <3 
" Live your imagination out loud " <3 Elise 
LMAO my dog Miyuki just had a cheeseburger deluxe thanks to my housemate Melissa Torres and her clumsiness 
Harrisburg bound 
Back in NY means back to the office ( walks away from fb ) ..... 
Confession of the day ... I may really be addicted to sushi LOL 
Woke up with a strange craving for a frozen lime margarita ughh wait .. it's Monday ?? hmmm Friday feels so far away right now :( I'm to hyper to early and too soon into the week geezuz what to do ? 
Mexican beans , rice , steak and tortillas with eel and spicy tuna rolls im officially a fat a#* lol but yummy 
Cellar door 
I really do wonder sometimes what kind of mailing list I am on because I keep getting senior citizen magazines and offers for AARP ... etc ... 
Wow Wesley snipes going to jail for 3 yrs for not paying taxes 
Had a Strange dream that we were under a biological attack , Obama was no where to be found , Capital hill was destroyed and the water was contaminated ...... Wtf ... Ugh only me 
Here something much more interesting than Columbus day its the 35th anniversary of saturday night live >.< 
Skygazing at the pink and lavender clouds ... So pretty 
feels like my heads been spinning in a rotisserie oven and my body feels sore like a train just rolled over me >_< 
Press any key to continue , where's the any key ? __ Homer 
And that's about the time she walked away from me Nobody likes you when your 23 And you still act like you're in Freshman year What the hell is wrong with me ? My friends say I should act my age What's my age again ? What's my age again ? 
feel like I'm in Narnia and this winter is going to last forever 
Running my behind to work .... beautiful weather 
Harrisburg bound to welcome the new year and spend the weekend with my love . 
Roasting at the office .... all I need is some garnish and I'll be good enough to eat ( darn boiler ) 
Best thing anyone has ever told me in a long time is " your Juror service is over " and you need not repeat it for six years ... phew :-D .. In the office now feeling a lot better having some tea and a chocolate bar yay 
Depression is not a sign of weakness , it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? Most people won't , 1 in 3 of us will suffer from it at some point in our lives . Show your support and repost . 
hmm I just came to the conclusion that I can live off of chocolate , tea , and sushi lol 
I am not buying any more clothes for a while ... ( at least I am going to try not to ) because washing them has become my part time job ... almost done with my Sunday chores now going to buy toothpaste and all sorts of cool stuff like that >_< kinda want to make myself more useful and go back to work . Is it Monday yet ? 
Margaret Thatcher : " If you want something said , ask a man ; if you want something done , ask a woman . " 
Sometimes to get a sweet treat in life you gotta put up with the unwanted pain ( outside on break school day for loving my oreo ice cream shake but I think I'm going to loose my fingers ) 
Crossing the bridge of salty wind madness and trekking mountains of ice and slushy snow is not an easy task ... can't wait for the weekend already .... 
Wishing everyone a Happy Thanksgiving day ( although it should be like this everyday ) 
•oño k mi3rd@ esta m*ldi+@ nieve no se quiere ir WTF >:-[ 
No way my boyfriend is a Ophiuchus and I am not a Libra F&*k the new Zodiac -_- 
more snow Tuesday night and Wednesday :'( 
those who think history doesn't repeat itself will be in for a huge wake up call 
http://darkstarastrology.com/uranus-square-pluto-horoscopes-2011-2012-2013-2014-2015-predictions/ 
So amazed @ how great the new year has started ... But it's already the 3rd really ? I feel like if I blink it will be 2012 I don't want this year to go by as quick as 2010 did but I can already tell it's going to be a heck of a lot better . 
oo my cousins are a year older today a very happy one to them both Margarita Vazquez & Richard Vazquez :) 
Anyone know where I can purchase a nail polish from the New OPI Shatter collection ? I'm going mad over here I want one :) but I can't find it ... Is it released yet ? 
What's it like to be the oldest person in the world 
http://article.wn.com/view/2011/02/01/114yearold_now_worlds_oldest_person/?section=TopStoriesWorldwide&template=worldnews%2Findex.txt 
Lola Glitter-Fire 
Paid my outstanding balance of $10 to the New York Public Library for the book I checked out in 1999 
Egypt prepares for an even bigger day 
http://www.commondreams.org/headline/2011/01/31-7 
Oo0 GaGa you're so crazy lmao ... so mother monster is working on a perfume to smell like Blood and Semen YUK ! pretty sure it will still sell out but YUK ! http://m.aol.com/popeater/default/article.do?artUrl=http://www.popeater.com/2011/01/26/lady-gaga-fragrance-blood-semen/ 
Now that Ophiuchus is a constellation again just at the dawn of a new age(the aquarius age ) will Pluto be considered a planet again since it is the ruling planet ... or will Planet X be revealed its : X . .... Only time will tell 
Th ? Dept ? f Sanitation ?? now accepting applications f ? r work removing snow fr ? m streets . Th ? job calls f ? r ? ll registered snow labores t ? ? h ? w ? t th ? sanitiation garage ? t 8am starting Tuesday , Decemeber 28th . Th ? ? l ? t ?? apart ? f Mayor Bloomberg’s attempt t ? g ? t th ? snow out th ? way ?? soon ?? possible . Pay ?? $ 12 ? n hour ? nd increases t ? $ 18 ? n hour ? ft ? r 40 hours . 
Call 311 for the nearest office to register 
Robot waiters huh ? 
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/howaboutthat/8220797/Chinese-restaurant-hires-robot-waiters.html 
O yay -_- More snow tonight and tomorrow 
The snow is really falling like mini-marshmallows . I HATE IT :'( that ground hog better not have a shadow next week or I'm going to grow insane . I want to soak up the sun already 
Just ate approx 1500 calories at Mcdonalds and it was good :) School day 2 so far so good 
Now Im not a highly metaphysical man 
But I know when the stars are aligned 
you can bump into person in the middle of the road 
look into their eyes and you suddenly know ... 
>.< Insomnia me and you are going to fight ... How dare you keep me up all night !! 
If you begin the day with love in your heart , peace in your nerves , and truth in your mind , you not only benefit by their presence but also bring them to others , to your family and friends , and to all those who's destiny draws across your path that day ~ Unknown 
Snowy day but still needed to get out the mad house so I came to work .. feeling a lot better today . Wishing the best to my cousin Rosa M . Pantoja with her surgery ; your in my prayers . Hungry for spanish food now :( where to get it in mini ireland lol 
Andy Pettitte is retiring :'( why ??? 
It's been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . These friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live , and they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy .. but you will ALWAYS love them . Re- post if you have at least 1 of these friends , they will know who they are 
Lmao Mark Zuckerberg had to put a restraining order against his stalker see even the CEO of FB has one http://m.thehollywoodgossip.com/2011/02/pradeep-manukonda-no-longer-allowed-to-stalk-mark-zuckerberg/ 
Ex-President of Haiti ... What are you doing back now ? 
http://english.aljazeera.net/news/americas/2011/02/2011217025580425.html 
I'm supposed to be reading and catching up on some study and my quiz tomorrow but the only way to get this music out my head is to write it down or sing it out !! Tired -_- Zzzz night night FB 
Wow What a night spent at the ER till 4am laid god I hate IV's ugh never again lucky to be alive so that's the first blessing of the day but the game aint over so school bound day 8 here I go 
yummy chinese food malta and steroids for dinner O_0 
Confidence is the key you need to open all doors <3 Elise 
Making Pastelitos and French Fries 
Finally FB Friends its Freaking Friday woo hoo and it is beautiful outside ! School bound day 10 already half way there , taking a detour to harrisburg after class Sweeeet :D 
Woo hoo toast to new friendships and success in life that was the theme of our lunch today classmates decided to get together for a drink and share goals , helps stimulate's the mind I love it !!! 
Bye Bye NY Hasta luego :-) 
I'll never get over how well music soothes the soul let me re-phrase that I meant how much it soothes my soul :-) got my Dre . beats on along with a sunset view , nature surroundings , fresh air , enjoying life to the fullest 
Mm , mm , yummy Starbucks in my tummy 
Why is it that every time I leave NYC when I come back there's snow all over ( freezing in my spring jacket ) this is torture !!! 
let's all take a moment to pray for the 65 dead and many injured and trapped due to the New Zealand Quake today 
School Day 12 my boredom level is so over threshold right now listening to music on yet another break ... can we learn some more anytime soon ? 
Tonight Gotta Leave That Nine To Five Upon The Shelf And Just Enjoy Yourself C'mon And Groove Yeah Let The Madness In The Music Get To You Life Ain't So Bad At All If You Live It Off The Wall Life Ain't So Bad At All . 
Your always there when I get home and keep me warm through out the night in the morning is always a fight to let you go and I know you want me to stay just as much as I do . You always make me feel comfortable and warm and I love you because I can always count on laying upon you with no complaints :) I <3 my bed 
The CPE is not required for CUNY students anymore ?? That's not fair I had to take that s# ! t the other students should too !!! http://www.theticker.org/mobile/about/2.8215/the-cuny-proficiency-exam-is-discontinued-by-the-board-of-trustees-1.2454295 
Who needs an alarm clock when these idiots decide that 645 am is the perfect time to start drilling on the construction/repair site ( I hope they drill a body part off for waking me up extra early ) any who day 14 at school can't believe this class is just about over praying I pass my final on Monday 
To go shopping , or not to go shopping ; that is the question ... hmmm I guess not , I don't really need anything . ( thanks god for tempting me ) maybe I'll just peak at what the stores have .... -_- 
while talking about the power rangers in class and sharing who was our favorite ranger I said I liked the yellow ranger that chinese girl had all the best moves , then a student goes they actually made the chinese girl the yellow ranger and another student says and the back ranger was a the black guy -_- we'll never think back at that show the same way lol ... going to the office !! 
Beautiful day Outside and I'm inside studying I pray its worth it I so hope this studying works and that I remember all this stuff >.< 
I did it :) 
I love my dog she responds to Miyuki , My yukie , Me you key , yuck , yuckie , Mimi , and now also Mickey I'll never get bored with her 
Where am I , where am I going , I totally got CRS Feels like my brains deteriorating at a rapid pace and the whole week went down the s# ! tter and not a lot of work got done thank god tomorrow is friday I need a desperate getaway wish I could leave my thoughts at home though , next week has to be more productive .... Heading to the office -_- 
Its March 4 already omg today my nina is a teenager 13 >_< gotta call her this afternoon and wish her a good one . I really don't care if its a little cold I'm wearing shorts with stockings ( spring better hurry up though ) getting my stuff ready to go see my <3 for the weekend :) 
Harrisburg bound 25 minutes till I arrive ... I so Hungry X_X 
#WINNING Charlie Sheen officially fired from Warner Bros . Way to go looser SMH 
Celebrate International Womens day 
• 10:30 am : Check-in at Cadman Plaza Park , Brooklyn ( High Street stop on A , C Subway is the closest ) . From there we'll walk together , across the Brooklyn Bridge , to City Hall Park in Manhattan . 
• 12:00 pm : Festival begins at City Hall Park , Manhattan . ( If you're skipping the Bridge Walk and just joining us for the Festival , check in at City Hall Park at 11:45 . ) 
Hide this 
Women perform 66% of the world’s work , produce 50% of the food , earn 10% of the income , own 1% of the property http://ow.ly/4ajtS 
Damn ! Niggaz wanna stick me for my paper #Biggieday RIP <3 
Que todo el mundo cabe en el teléfono que no hay distancias grandes para nuestro amor que todo es perfecto cuando te siento tan cerca aunque estes tan lejos . ~ Sin Bandera 
So happy I got a kindle from my mom :-) I <3 Reading and it just got easier 
So girls night out was okay the drinks were alright although I couldn't have to many of them . The higlights were seeing Veronica & Yazaira a must repeat sometime . Now its 6am and I'm up and getting ready for work today doing an expo so we're out of the office still the bed did feel quite good o well maybe later right ... 
http://www.voanews.com/english/news/Japans-PM-Urges-Evacuation-Near-Nuclear-Plant-117850648.html 
My Prayers going out to the asian community for yet another loss http://www.ny1.com/content/top_stories/135439/bronx-tour-bus-crash-kills-13 
WTF everyone went to bed after 12 and its technically still 9 why do I have to wake up early on my only day off everyone is so inconsiderate sometimes 
A 718 # calls my phone I pick up . Lady : hi I'm calling people in your area to see if they are interested in a free trial to the nypost ... Me : not only is the nypost like the worst paper after daily news written on a 3rd grade level but my number is registered with national call block and I'm reporting you for illegal telemarketing without a 800# lady : O shit and hangs up ... Lmao 
I thank god so much I'm not in Japan , two Nuclear blasts in Japan have left at least 10,000 dead 17 US military tested positive for radiation poison and a volcano in southern japan erupted today http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/03/14/japan-nuclear-plant-japan-earthquake-2011_n_835279.html 
The Aura's are darker stonger it's mind boggling what is our sky trying to say shades are the strangest ever ... 
" Ultimately love is everything . ” 
~ M . Scott Peck 
Euri Hernandez , Emely Garcia , Esther Mercedes .... Is it friday yet ??? :-/ bored .... 
Hi LORD , its me , things r getting bad here , gas prices r too high , no jobs , food & heating costs r too high . I know some have taken U out of our Schools and Government . But LORD , I'm asking U to come back & re-bless America , we really need U . Thanks LORD , I love U . The LORD says when 2 or more r gathered in My Name , there I will be also . ( Let's see how far this goes . Please Re-Post . ) 
I've got hoes I've got hoes , in different area codes # R . I . PNate Dogg 
Nice orchestra in the sky with sounds of love late , late at night 
It's 9:30 AM and everything around me is painted green , and our NYPD have already decided to hit the pubs in uniforms lol enjoying the view from the office window Happy St. Paddys day every one 
It's like Christmas on McLean lol 
If a weak person turns to " the father of lies " for help and success they sign up for the biggest failure of all time if they have no power in the beginning they will have even less afterwards .... 
I'm so sick ugh this cold won't go away !! 
Never set aside your wants and needs to make people a priority when all you are to them is an option in the future you'll live a life full of what if's and regrets only to find they won't or remember or appreciate anything 
My brother gets home from school Me : Hi Nick how was school Nick : get away germs ( walks away ) I love you ... such a sarcastic little person he is 
Think my cold is tamed and I'm ready to go back to work now to go out in winter again ... 
So Charlie Sheen is going on tour " My violent torpedo of truth " Tickets on sale now lmao , who's going ? 
My lil brother Nick saw me drinking tea and eagerly wanted to try so I thought no harm right ... ( so I let him try ) then he tells me it tastes like poison -_- 
Stupid F#*%n train I could walk to yonkers from my house faster then this piece of S# ! t thiefin my money every month always making me late and why does every cart stink ugh !!! I hate NYC 
Please put this on your status If you know someone , are related to someone , and adore someone who has ASD , PDD , ADHD , ADD , Autism or Aspergers . These misunderstood , so called " trouble maker " kids just want to be treated like everyone else and can't speak out . But we can raise awareness ...... 93% won't copy and paste this !!! 
M&M cookies and colorfully frosted cupcakes with sprinkles for breakfast can anyone say sugar rush O_0 
High school student tells me I'm to beautiful to swipe my own metro card so he swipes his school freebie . while I have an unlimited anyway if he needs one of those rides later he's screwed -_- 
Times are tough the pizza shop and building near my job burned down they discovered that 15 guys were living in on of the apartments yikes talk about a full house 
Come On Yanks !!! 
Yankees WIN Wooo Hooo 
April 1st is not only fools day but also the day girls get to use there victoria secrets rewards <3 did someone say shopping ... 
Will the April snow showers bring May flowers ? hmmm 
Thank God the week is done 
I feel like a zombie gone back to life ( back to life ) ..... Can't wait for my sweet heart to get home to me tonight :) 
After seeing my bf lift up a washing machine like as if it were a small item today I won't ever under estimate his ... 
I find some comfort in getting creative with a tasty bottle of cointreau 
Ever just wake up with a bad feeling like the day won't go your way ?? ... trying to keep positive 
Let the rain fall down And wake my dreams Let it wash away My sanity ' Cause I wanna feel the thunder I wanna scream Let the rain fall down I'm coming clean , I'm coming clean .... Absolutely Beautiful outside :) 
Feeling like sh ! t but I want to go to work so I guess I need to be getting ready because I don't want to stay in again 
Dear Mr. President , I hear you would like to freeze pay rates for soldiers starting next year . Would you also consider cutting your own pay to save more money for our country ? While you're at it , lets cut down all congressman's pay too . If the people who risk their lives don't get an increase in pay , why should we continue raising pay for those who take no risks and reap the benefits ? REPOST if you support the troops 
People in NYC are so dirty sometimes like if your in a tunnel underground don't smoke ass hole now the whole station smells like that and if you got to spit why not in a napkin better yet swallow that sh ! t you dirty mother f* #ker you are already sick dumb asses 
While looking out my window I noticed one tree has got a bra on it and another tree has got a pair of boxers on it ..... That is when I stop looking out my window 0_o 
I just opened my grandads wallet to find 3 pictures of me inside , I know he loved me and the family as much as he could love anyone . Like my little brother said this morning I'm going to miss him and his round puffy nose . I'll miss him singing , and lecturing on how I should use my artistic talents and stop being a bizzy body R.I.P 1/25/1936-4/13/2011 
For all the family members and family friends that knew my grandfather and wish to share your lasts respects the viewing will be on April 16&17 , this Saturday and Sunday from 4:00 pm to 9:00 pm at : 
Ortiz Funeral Home 
524 Southern Boulevard 
Bronx , New York 10455 
Very thankful for all th family and friends that showed up last night to say there farewells 
Well somethings are strange today we had a family meal in honor of my grandfather durring the gathering we noticed that all males of our family are left handed ..... also for some odd reason my brother has taken a liking to chinese nardo cartoons and well he's beginning to understand it :-/ I thought he'd start understanding spanish first 
Cuddling with my furry child ... The one with four legs :) while I create my own little sims world to get away from the real world till about 12:00 pm then I have to get ready to hit the office and do some actual work 
How do u expect kids 2 listen 2 their parents when : Tarzan lives half naked , Cinderella goes home @12AM , Pinocchio lies all the time , Aladdin is the king of thieves , Batman drives at 320KM/h , Sleeping beauty is lazy & Snow White lives with 7 guys . We shouldn't be surprised if kids misbehave @ times ... They pick all this up in storybooks ! Re-post if u agree ! ;-) 
I will always let you know 
That the place where I am is never far 
You know , you're not alone , don't be alarmed 
I'll find you no matter where you are 
So please remember that I'm gonna follow through all the way 
Oh my love , if it's all I can do , I'll take the fall 4 U 
Cos I will soar when I lay down with you and give my all 4 U 
~ POETS OF THE FALL ~ 
So nice to see that americans give more attention to Obama's " authentic birth certificate " than all the people starving , and dying . Now that he spent an estimated 2 million producing the long form released today did anyone really care if he was born in hawaii or not ? .... I mean our other choice was Mccain who was born in panama -_- 
Loving the fact my babie made me breakfast mmm ... good * lucky * :) 
War is about who's left not who's right .... be strong and never give up 
In honor of Mother's Day , we are trying to see how many of you are willing to change your profile picture to a picture of your mother and keep it there till May 9 . Please repost this as your status so everyone gets the word and see how many beautiful mothers we can get on FB .. I got mine 
What would your liqour do ? If it could , it would probably drink you too :P 
>> happy cinco de mayo people << A divertirse los k beban 
Happy mothers day to all the privileged beautiful moms out there I wish you all pleasant moments 
