I never expected to be mothering one of Bella's kits . The responsibility is stifling . I can't even concentrate on getting better anymore . I just have to feed and keep warm this poor deformed creature . It is against what I believe to let it live , but it is against what I believe to just let it die . I'm not sure what I am getting out of this . 
I hate being sick . I swear that my body hates me . I couldn't last a month without coming down with something . Maybe this is the sign of a decline . Maybe I'll slowly go crazy . I already feel stupid enough . 
As a veil removes itself from my face , I can breathe at last . I am starting to function again . I wonder what this means . 
Do you have a favorite condiment ? If so , what is a wierdest thing you put it on ? I eat sourcream with meatloaf and mustard on my hashbrowns . 
The life of a writer has never seemed so stifling . I have so many ideas . So little time . I hate the fact that there is something I could lose and have it never be the same again . It is best when I write down the ideas exactly as I make them , but it seems like my words are all scattered . Especially around them . 
I know that I have changed , but does that mean I have to readjust my beliefs ? I feel like there is nothing for me to justify however , so where do I start ? I'm tired of avoiding the cracks . It's time to improve that sidewalk . 
I hope that I did enough of my homework last night . I seriously couldn't remember all that was supposed to do , but I got my World Geography , my Biology , my English , and my Geometry homework done . I mean , how many other assignments could I have possibly had . I guess , I'll find out . * gulp * 
What do you do when you have nothing but time ? The long interrupted hours seem suffocating , but then again , I am freer than ever . Maybe there is much that I can accomplish , if only I would stop staring at the wall with my head as blank as white paint . 
Nothing but blankness apparently =.= 
Nothing is better in this world than a plate covered in pancakes . 
Let's make the world blank , and then watch as it slowly destroys itself again . 
Forget about the Mad Hatter . I should have been the rabbit . I'm LATE ! 0.0 
Facing the world seems like a good choice for today . Putting my best face forward , I step out the door , ready to rock a view people's worlds with my prescense . ^^ 
What isn't on my mind at the moment ? I wonder , while I watch as another day passes . 
Invalid . Again . * coughs * 
Getting things back into gear . Wow , I do a lot of work ^^ ; But soup makes it all better ! 
D: It's only been a week , and I have already come down with something again . I want to go to school !!!! 
What am I supposed to say when my thoughts race as frantically as my pulse ? * soft smile * 
If love is considered a currency then , yes plz :D 
* hums * Today is going to be a good day . I can tell :3 
Why am I tired of music ? Why is my body so weak ? Why are my thoughts disappearing ? At this rate , I'll die in a week . 
Music's coming back . Maybe I can handle the rest . 
Worst luck won't happen , if i just remove it . Wahaha :D 
Look , just rock this boat so that it can tip over . That way I can finally drown . 
It's so nice out outside . Can't wait to start walking around . 
Another day with weary bones , but somehow I can get myself to smile . Maybe I'm just a hopeless cause , but at least , I can still share some warmth . 
Kodocha is my anime addiction . Skip beat ! my manga addiction . Art really doesn't make the world always a safe place . NEED MORE !!! Happy B-day Ms. Gabrielle , my trouble-making baby sis :D Love ya ! 
" I don't mind it . Still don't mind at all . It's like you're the swing set . I'm the kid that falls . " * I Don't Believe You - Pink 
Ah ! The weekend of the musical . Everything seems way too good . Happy B-day , Emily Cardot . :D I'll be seeing you later . Lol . Talking to someone who doesn't even have a Facebook account . NICE ! 
I just can't pretend to sleep anymore . Today is a day where it seems I have everything ... yet I am still missing something ... The thing I don't think that I ever could have , yet I'm irrevocably consumed . I really hate having to feel , especially for you . I sorely lack as a person . Is that something bad ? 
I'm so angry and helpless at the same time . You don't even seem to know what you did , having toyed with what I had thought to have been long forgotten . Now , I have no choice but to bear the onslaught of emotions you brought . 
" You know what ? I'm frusterated with this . Can't bear to think about the taste of your lips . It's sin , making me want all of you , hoping you'll long for me too . " Made to Resist - Written by : Me :) 
F < TheNunnery > 
I hate/love to write , and with around 4 to 5 papers to do , I wonder why I'm so " lucky . " 
I'm falling , and I know that I should stop . But , but flying seems impossible when I've never sprouted wings . An angel I am not , and no angel's there to save me . 
" All you have to do is close your eyes and just reach out your hands and touch me . Hold me close , don't ever let me go . " More than Words - Extreme 
Don't care what anyone may say . Ozzy Osbourne is a BEAST ! 
" I would do it . I would kiss a frog . I would kiss a hundred frogs if I could marry a prince and be a princess . " 
" I can't believe the prince has a younger brother . Now , how old are you . " " Six and a half . " " Well , I've waited this long ! " 
I successfully worked out how to use SMS for Facebook . Yay ! Things made easier . :3 
Importance of Being Earnest = Serious Inbreeding . 
Sibling war ! Copy and paste this if you are the best and smartest of your siblings . If this stands for one hour without your brother(s ) and/or sister(s ) protesting , it is so . 
" Had the notion that you'd make me change my ways , and the bad habits would be gone in a matter of days . Had the feeling that you'd open up my eyes to a whole new world that has since then been disguised . " 
Em and I are going to make amazing rice balls ! ÜÜ 
Foreign Language Fair awesomeness :D Ohmm .... 
It looks like today features cannibalism ... * sighs * It's not that it bothers me . It just reminded me of something else . Will the scars ever leave ? 
Reading ' Paradise Lost ' by John Milton 
You can't have none of this applicious popsicle . Yum :3 Apples ! 
Blueberry >.< 
Projects always make me feel really nervous . Well , here goes nothing . 
" Why , I am sure , if he forfeit , thou wilt not take his flesh . What's that good for . " 
Mwahaha ! " SkipBeat ! " volume 13 shall be mine ! Em and I shall be eating some good grub . :3 
Wow ! Bitchy cashier lady at the bookstore . I'm sorry you had a bad day , but it was no reason to ruin mine . It's called caring about the customer . 
I love me some octopus . 
Waiting for what you want is so hard . >.< 
Watching Ghost Adventures . I want to hunt ghosts ! 
The correct plural form of the word ' octopus , ' is ' octopods ' not ' octopi . ' 
Feel highly successful . My AP book report is the bomb .... maybe ? 
With the invention of the Wii , battery sales must have had quite an increase . " Come on , my handy-dandy remote . I don't have the funds for this . " >.< grr 
A similarity between my sister , Callie , and I has finally been found . It's called a dimple . Lol . :D 
8 oz of popcorn = two huge bowls o.o How can I possibly eat all this ? 
" I don't care what you say . I don't care what you see . All I know's that inside there is space to bleed , and I don't ask forgiveness cause that just isn't me . But I stand here before you , and I think you understand . " 
Something in me's churning , burning , turning . There and always yearning . 
Life wouldn't be the same without my sisters . >.< Egh . Still haven't gotten my book . 
Happens everytime . =.= Jerk . You make me hate listening to music cuz I hate the shit you listen to 24/7 . 
I'm not sure what to think . Do you even care anymore ? Do I even still matter to you ? 
I jumped on a phone in a hole because that's the way I roll . 
Somehow , I knew you'd betray me . Doesn't stop the hurt as I know that it will all happen again . 
Okay cuz I hate those peepz who have to keep complaining to facebook every five minutes about the same problem , I will be posting my last status of the night . Promise . :) So here it is : 
I can't pretend I'm okay when I am nothing but completely shocked and broken . It's like a piece of me has finally died , tired of continually trying to catch its breath . The sad thing is ... we both caused it , and I wonder when that piece died in you . Did you even notice ? There's no point hiding my tears . 
It seems like my book is all I have left to make this break amazing . Please , come in the mail today . :3 * watches for mail truck through the window like a dog eagerly awaiting for its master to return . * 
Excited cuz I finally bought that Jennifer Lopez cd that I had always wanted as a child . It has a lot of songs that I know and like . Also has some different ones that are either likable , okay , or boringly repetitive . I , however , love this new one ( to me ) called " Ain't it Funny . " 
" Ain't it funny how some feelings you just can't deny , and you can't move on even though you try ? Ain't it strange when you're feeling things you shouldn't feel ? " 
Grr . I hate how other people clean . At least , I pay attention to what I throw in the garbage which , by the way , is not someone's BIRTH CERTIFICATE !!! 
Well , I can already tell that today is going to be great . Woke up at 2:30 in the afternoon and had a glass container of salsa drop on my head from the top of the fridge =.= Yay , braindamage ! 
Yo Facebook , where are my photos ? Cuz I ain't seeing them and I've been sending them to you for the past THREE days ! Still no sign of the tea party pics :'( 
The Ipod Challenge - Asking my Ipod's shuffle feature questions such as : " Ipod , will I ever get married ? " Ipod says , " Myspace Girl - The Afters " O.O Damn . Looks like I'm meeting my husband on Myspace . Weird =.= Anyways , like this status , and I'll ask my Ipod what it thinks of you . Feel free to comment questions to ask a s well . Fun fun . 
" Talking about the dream like the dream is over . Talk like that won't get you nowhere . Everybody's trusting in their heart like the heart don't lie . " All I Need - Matchbox Twenty 
These pain pills are epicly failing at their job . I look like crap , I feel like crap , and therefore , must be crap . 
Yea , I eat my emotions . It's a lot easier than actually having to think about how I feel . Plus , food is really yummy :3 
Skip-Beat ! Volume 13 , I order you to show up in my mailbox right now !!! 
iPod Challenge #2 - And this time it's all about ur pants ! Using your iPod on shuffle , write down the titles of the first 18 songs . Then , finish each song title with the phrase ' in my pants ' and see what you get , posting your results via Facebook ! Feel free to tag others into taking the challenge . Mwahaha ! 
I guess , I should be happy that you really are a great man ... I guess . Excuse me , that's just the sound of my longing , the frantic beat of my heart . She really is quite lucky . 
I hate how when I close my eyes I hope I dream of you . 
Brrgh , it's cold . Where's my pants ? 
The dinner debates ! Every night at my house . Topic : Your mom can never cook anything right ! 
I should never have to apologize for how I feel . I'm just sorry that you assumed that I was looking for you to agree with my opinions . It's called being open-minded and respecting what another person has to say . How sad this world is ... 
Is it possible to love someone and not even know it ? God , I'm such a bitch , but this is a different kind of love . I just don't want to see you go , yet I know you deserve better . Why am I so selfish ? 
No , Mr. Twinkles , I don't want you following me to school . =.= 
I couldn't even look at you . You make me so nervous . It's so right , yet very wrong . 
I give up . My house isn't the place to do ACT prep . No one but me fucking cares . 
Drowned all my responsibilities out by playing Ape Escape . I love it ! It's been a while , but I'm kicking some serious video game butt . I want to have the option of Monkey Soccer again :3 
It's Friday , and it's so beautiful :) 
The word of the day is ' rudesby . ' :D 
Ahh ! My head is completely empty right now . Think it's time to sleep . I miss you Ape Escape 2 :( See ya soon . 
Why do I feel that I could become addicted to you , like a drug , if given the chance ? 
" Can you hear the sound ? Rain is falling down as the thunder cracks . I just can't relax because I know that it will end to be never seen again . I just close my eyes for dreams that will never come . " 
" Real men just laugh . " xD omg . I love this show . 
There are really no words to explain it . I'm just a hopeless cause . 
Yes , I believe empty is the right word for it . After all , it's been the right word for quite some time now . 
" Meet me halfway , right at the borderline . That's where I'm gonna wait for you . I'll be looking out night and day . Took my heart to the limit , and this is where I stay . I can't go any further than this . I want you so bad . It's my only wish . Oh , I can't go any further than this . I want you so bad . It's my only wish ... " 
Just be a good boy and throw the yogurt cup away ;) k ? 
Jealousy is a really scary thing O.o especially for someone who has no right whatsoever to feel possessive . 
" You're so hypnotizing . Could you be the Devil ? Could you be an angel ? Your touch magnetizing . Feels like I am floating . Leaves my body glowing . They say , ' Be afraid . ' You're not like the others , futuristic lover . Different DNA . " 
Why do they insist sleeping with the window open ? :( I couldn't sleep at all and don't want to leave the little warmth of my covers >.< 
I'm a player , and if you don't like that , don't roll my way . I'm only here for the fun . :3 
I don't think you're ever far from my thoughts ... 
" I'll reach out if only you touch back . When I push you , I need you to fight back . I'll have hope if only we prove that , despite all the odds , we can make it , despite all our fears , we won't fake it . If I offered my heart , would you take it ? " Desperation - Rachael ( aka : me ) 
Dear Borders , I'm honestly starting to feel like I'll never get my book . Almost 3 weeks :( 
I SHALL NEVER USE A FORK AGAIN ! MWAHAHAHA :D 
So pathetic . All I want to do is make you happy . >.< 
Blue , purple , or orange ? Not sure which to choose ... hmm 
Decisions , decisions , decisions . What the hell am I doing ? 
" I'm tired . Tired of playing the game . Ain't it a freaking shame . I'm so tired . " 
Since when have I become something I'm not ? I'm currently very scared of life . 
!?! EL PULPO !?!?!? ADONDE ?!? 
There's more to a person than what meets the eye , and that's not always a good thing . 
It's like a slap in my face , a jolt to my bloodstream , an onset of hyperventilation . Am I supposed to give this up ? It's frustration I can't bear . 
Mmm . Cold coffee . 
Wonder what summer theater will be about ... 
" Touching on My " - 3OH ! 3 
Well , auditions were fun :3 
Can't stop sleeping . Oh noes . 
Just once I'd like to make a decision and have everyone else just mind their own fucking business . =.= 
Drown , drown , drowning and no I can't handle this cuz the only way out is to swim . To swim like everyone else for no reason . 
Furry walls - Aldous Snow 
" I remember years ago someone told me I should take caution when it comes to love . I did . " 
Uhoh . Knew that I was forgetting somethin . Yay ! School's going to suck today . Dx 
Ah ÜÜ Naptime . My favorite time of the day . It's when I just forget everything . 
There's something that I have with you that I couldn't have found anywhere else , and I think ' Maybe I was always supposed to love you . ' I guess , my heart just missed the memo . Sorry . 
I'm like really hungry but too lazy to want to make myself food . Where's a live-in chef when you need ? Yo , mom make me some mac+cheese . :3 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric ward . What are the four words you say to me ? 
18 is a scary number that I have found myself being unable to get out of my head for the past month . 18 , 18 , 18 . Damn , will I really be that old soon ? -Drowning 
I know you want me baby . I think I want you too . " I think I love you baby . " I think I love you too . 
And now , I can't stop smiling . Geez . x ) 
I'm starting to think that maybe things are all okay . 
It bothers me , and I know it shouldn't . But , why don't you just tell me about these things ? We are supposed to be friends , right ? Are you trying to make me jealous ? How do I even know who you are if you keep leaving things out ? Grr . I hate what you do , but I know that I treat you the same . Is this what this is all about ? GRR . 
I love my daddy , and I want him always to know it . :) 
" When you're out in the club , don't think I'm not , and when you're out making love , don't think I'm not . You're feeling good in somebody's spot , getting hot . Don't stop . Just don't think I'm not cuz I'm getting mine . " 
BACON !!! 
Ah ! House of horrors today . Who knew laundry could be such a hassle . 
I'm so tired xD WAKE UP ALREADY ! 
Me + Purses = Failure 
I just saw a commercial advertising Burger King's " new and improved " chicken tenders , and I swear that they look just like Chicken McNuggets from McDonald's . I'm sorry Burger King , but even though you are totally better than Mickey D's , I'm not sure how this new advertisement will pan out . I know one thing though . I WANT SOME !!!! 
Happy Easter to all my homies , peeps , and pimps :D 
Dear people of Facebook , I would really like your opinion on a matter . If you could please spare some time and choose which of these poem titles you like best . Thank you . The titles are : " Behind this Grin " " The Delusional Murder " " It's Snowing " " Buried Alive " or " The Voodoo Doll . " Your help would be much appreciated . Thank you :) 
I remember when I wasn't able to keep my shiny stuff out for fear that my cat would steal it ... Life isn't quite the same without Autumn . She was a one of a kind feline , and even though I guess that every animal is probably one of a kind ( I mean , look at Mr. Twinkles ) , she definately made quite an impact . She was like my first baby . In fact , I often called her my Autumn baby . :3 
I might just start waking up this early everyday . It's great not to feel the rush of being late . I'm ready to beast some tests ;) 
How terrible that I could feel like I would cry . I miss your eyes , and your name makes me cringe . Guess , it can't be helped . 
Yo Stefanie Flory and Allison Flory . R U TWO EXCITED OR WHAT ?! One more day lol :) 
If my book is in the mail tomorrow , it would be a birthday miracle . x ) lol 
Life is not a fairytale . There is no such thing as a happy ending . I've seen this , watched you hurt . Why am I here ? Why was I born ? There is always so much work 
I'm going to get AIDS in the mouth from icecream . Oh wells ÜÜ Today was fun :D 
Thanks to all those who wished me a happy birthday . Made me turning 18 totally Facebook official . :) 
Covered in cake batter >.< and my hands are numb . What a wonderful day ! I HAD CABBAGE ROLLS ! 
I'm a human with no soul , wondering how long it can last . 
Jade doesn't like my penis >.> 
Had an awesome party yesterday :3 Too bad I have to clean up the mess today >.< Got to get ready for prom as well . Thank you to all those who came last night ! 
" Don't you know ? So many things they come and go . Like your words that once rang true , just like the love I thought I found in you ... " 
When does the aching stop ? Maybe I made a mistake , but prom was totally great as my body swayed to the beat . I won the first doorprize . Mwahaha . 
Truth is ?? 
Geez today is just terrible . 
I really want to know if I am on your mind as much as you are on mine . I hope that it's not one of those things that I'll never know . 
Land of the Lost is amazing ! * sings * :D 
Word of the day : Thug . In reference to ' thugging it out . ' In reference to ' drinking Dixon's water . ' 
Finished my Animoto . Have been working on it since school got out . Paz better appreciate those vid clips that were such a pain in the butt to put in . 
Currently wishing that I had more guts . Damn ... 
" I'm not annoying . I'm cute and sexy . ;) " -Tommy Mayo , 12 years old 
I'd hoped that you would know better than to play with fire . Despite that it's warmth may draw you in , there is nothing to be gained but burns . Man shouldn't touch what shouldn't be touched . 
>.< If that wasn't a headache . Geez , why do geniuses have such faulty memories ? 
If eyes are really the windows of one's soul , I wonder what he sees in mine ... 
Eating awesome food , thinking about some things . Hopefully , Im not makig too many mistakes . ACT scores came in . I did better than predicted by the PLAN test . 
Woohoo ! I went almost a week without my phone . Gladly have it back now though . 
Waiting for the day we meet again . We will meet again , right ? 
I will never understand people who want to eat the same thing everyday . Mixing up my food pallette is one of the great joys I have in my life . I LOVE FOOD ! 
Watching The Regular Show and I love the character Pops . He is so adorable/awesome ! 
Since when is it more comfortable to sleep on the sofa than in my bed ? Definately got to fix that . 
Wow o.o I didn't have much faith to begin with , and you just proved that I shouldn't have even bothered with faith to begin with . My disappointment means nothing to you . I hope your disappointed with yourself . Pathetic . 
Suddenly , everything seems to be falling into place . Ah summer ^^ I'm officially excited . 
I don't have homework . So weird . >.< 
It really feels like maybe you were never there to begin with . I keep looking for signs of your existence , but even when I'm looking at them , it all feels surreal . Please , please don't vanish from my life . I couldn't bear the pain of this twice . Please , please I want/need you in my life . You're the fire . I'm the ice . 
Wah ! D: Someone deleted my recording of American Idol's Season Finale . I'M SO UPSET ! I MISSED IT !!!! WAHH !!!!!!!! 
I used to believe my life held so much promise . What happened ? 
Mm . Charleston Chew . :3 
I remember last year when it was you and me . I miss that . The time when I thought my love for you would last forever . 
I lost my nerve ! D: 
" Kind of faded , but I feel alright . Thinkin ' about making my move tonight . I can't pretend that you're only my friend when you're holdin ' my body tight . " 
Holy Cow ! I just saw Crystal Vrtis's twin of facebook . Creepy =.= 
I just luv it when the mug I'm drinkin my tea from says grandpa . Yep . :) I'm that awesum . 
Another day passes , but now , I can stand . The smile resumes . 
Grr ... I'm so angry . 
What is wrong with the world ? Why must it insist that there is something wrong with not wanting to live ? Forget it . I'll shut up . Keep breathing . It hurts . 
I beg for your mercy . I would have gone to you if I could . PLZ FORGIVE ME !!!! D: 
I caught the ball today in flag football . Hell yeahs ! ^^ I'm the bomb ! 
A decision is made . I wonder where it will take me . 
Wahaha ! Lots of chaos . Lots of fun . All good :D 
" Tell me now . Am I feeling what I'm feeling ? ' Cuz my heart's on fire , and it will not fade away . Only you could be my one love forever . Just tell me you'll stay , and the two of us will dance the night away . " 
My body aches as emptiness consumes . Where is my heart ? 
I make you hate me , and I'm sorry . You just don't know me , and I'm too tired to let you come into my shell of an existance , especially when you are so determined to break it . I'm sorry that I can't be what you wanted . You're older sis is a failure at best , if only I could make you see how past years have tortured me . STAY AWAY FROM MY DAMNED SHELL ! 
The brain wraps around in many ways . The question is when should I stop avoiding the most terrible paths to follow . My insecurities could eat me alive .... hmm .. that sentence seems like something I've heard before in a song ... so true . Anyways , silence only weakens me . 
It hurts 2 use my eyes . Guess , it's time 4 bed . Night folks . Play was fun . 
I feel at my best , but then also , at my lamest . How long will it take me 2 accomplish the works that I value ? 
One day , I was offered a bottle . It was sealed , but it was empty . " What is this ? " I asked , twisting the bottle around to get a better view . " Those are your wishes , " he said . It was too bad that he wasn't there when I let them flutter all away . A wish is such an empty thing . I'd rather see what life will bring . 
Now that the rain is gone , I wonder when it will come again . I can feel the static in the air . The stars are shining , but they might as well not be there at all . Clouds are rolling in . When does the storm begin ? 
If only I could write something through this thick mind of mud . Blegh . I need more tea . 
Today , I have to get things done . No fun for me . :'( Now if only , I could get myself outta bed ... Must need coffee . D: 
Anime joy :3 
Why does it seem like everything is boiling down to the end ? I hate you . Do you know that ? But that is just the cover on the surface . The frustration's growing stronger . 
By Sunday , I'll be in ARKANSAS :D 
The bird's sound literally beautiful as they sing in the early morning . I didn't know that I missed that until now . * sighs * So much is taken for granted . 
I'm exhausted . Time for some shut eye . I'm going to hate having to go to bed earlier when school starts cuz then I don't seem to conk out as easilly . 
I don't want 2 share mi Mio . No touchy >.< 
Maybe now , I will finally have some answers . The needles always hurt . 
Ok . Here we go . Like this status and I'll tell you what I like about you . 
Beautiful warmth :D 
Why do I get stuck playing so many games ? Can you just tell me when this is over ? 
It's been awhile since I dreamed of him , his odd name rolling easilly past my lips . I guess , you can never forget that first crush . 
The books I got at the bookfair were great . Can't wait 2 collect more . 
" I adore you . " " In ur pants . =.=" lol :D 
Sometimes , it is so great knowing that you can pull off one hell of a puppet show . Yay :D I have lives under my control . 
Don't break me cuz I'm already cracked and bleeding from the memories of my past . Is it too much to ask ? 
Now that I have paid my homage to my buddy , I can go back to being normal , or at least , normal for me . 
All I want for Christmas is a pair of headphones , a pair of headphones . I want a pair of headphones . All I want Christmas is a pair of headphones because my stupid cat had to chew through mine =.= * twitch * 
To see my status , read my note called ' A Random Good Thing . ' Main debate : a salad or not a salad . 
Apparently , I'm loved 0.0 
With visiting family , shopping trips , present wrapping , it's definatey feeling a lot like the holidays >.< Now , where do I find a good book to read and cozy corner to hide in ? 
I hate how matters of the heart are so complicated . I'm tired of not being sure about anything , but how can I return someone's feelings when I don't love ? 
This Christmas I learned something , and maybe next Christmas I can show what I learned . 
I have blue in my hair . I'm not sure what to think . Now , if only my sister would keep her fingers out of it . Apparently , she's obsessed . Lol :3 
Roulette - System of a Down 
Not being racist or anything but , I think it would really awesome to wear the kkk robes as seen in the movie Blazing Saddles . You know , the ones that say , " Have a nice day ! " on the back . xD 
What would you like to try and do ? I dare you to do it ! Make a list :D 
I made water into broth . Beat that Jesus ! Antichrist strikes again . 
I wish that I could call my iPod , so that it could ring when I lose it . I'm so sorry Piki . I'll find you ... eventually ... I think >.> 
I guess , I've gone through another year . Heh ^^ ; Why doesn't this feel like a success ? 
I'm sorry mother , but there's nothing I can do . Your life is one of your own making . Quit expecting me to pick up the pieces . You have to stand on your own . I've groomed you to be strong . 
Why is it that this bubble blowing pipe makes everything better , or maybe it just my accent . lol :D 
Mi bola de ocho es muy importante . Donde esta mi bola de ocho ? Quiero mi bola de ocho ! lol I feel so sorry for my sister Brookey . Now , I am going to complain in spanish whenever she takes something away from me . Mi libro esta solo . Solo . Solo ... heehee :D 
Ok . This quiz is so accurate wit its results that its creepy . Go 2 colorquiz.com and take their test . I promise u wont b disappointed . Can go 2 this site on ur phone or on ur comp . Both work fine . The test itself is very simple . 
" You traded in your wings for everything freedom brings . You never left me . You never let me see what this feeling means . Everything that you feel is everything that I feel , so when we dream , we shout . " 
Red popsicle , red popsicle cuz cherry is amazing ! * sings to the tune of ' Oh Christmas Tree ' * :D I'll grape you ! O.o 
" I'll be coming home just to be alone cuz I know you're not there , and I know that you don't care . I can hardly wait to leave this place . No matter how hard I try , you're never satisfied ... " ~ Three Days Grace ( 2nd day of not being able to find my sneakers =.= ) 
Surrounded by children and stressed beyond belief . Help ! Terrible start to my summer . 
I once thought that my life was rapidly becoming destroyed , but you know what ? I'm here . I'm breathing , and for once , it doesn't seem like a bad thing . I will continue on my path and help others find theirs . 
My head is pounding in disbelief as I hear the sound of crickets ' chirping in my ear . Since when have I had luck ? 
She likes cows and chickens . It's no wonder we're friends . ;) 
It's humid , hot , and sunny . I hate it . =.= 
Why can't a guy and a girl just be close friends ? I only crave the attention of mi Mio as more than that . Get over me plz . I'm really not worth it . 
However shall I cope with these insecurities ? Mio , I need you . 
I don't know where I am heading or what to expect . Sometimes it scares me , but sometimes things just happen . * shrugs * Hopefully , I can ride out the storm . 
" Just fake it if you're out of direction . Fake it if you don't belong . Fake it if you feel like infection . Whoa , you're such a little hypocrite . " 
Wow . I havent felt this awake in a while . Did the aliens decide 2 give back my brain ? 
" Brookie can you cut this while I go off to fart ? " <- my little sis really just said this 
Sometimes I wonder what it would be like to fall to my death . Would I have the nerve to jump ? 
I'm used to turning everything into nothing , including you . 
I'm sexy like a lion . Too bad I can't roar . Lol . Randomly screaming at 7 in the morning . Fun ! 
The word ' control ' popped in my mind , and I imagined myself sleeping in a bed of Carmellos . Is this normal ? 
Totally better than that one time at Casey's . Unfortunately , however , I couldn't stay longer because I happened to forget that I am 17 not 16 anymore . Oops >.< I dedicate this status to you . lol 
Ah ! Trying to locate my stuff in a strange house . >.< 
It feels good 2 be in love . :3 Nothin but happiness tonight . How creepy . Lol :D 
" There was a piece of lettuce in the urinal . Who eats a sandwich while going to the bathroom ? Seriously . " 
Twitterpation . =.= It's something this world needs more of . What is it ? Bambi has all the answers lol . 
Time 2 get my brains on ! 
I luv my bed . It is so cozy that most of the time I never wanna leave . In fact , today I'm not gonna . :) Wahaha ! Time 2 get some writing done . 
It might as well be like we never met cuz I swear that it's like I no longer know you . 
Choose the colors that match wut u think of me . Black = I hate u . Pink = I like u . Grey = You're pretty . Purple = I would date u . Orange = I like talking 2 u . Blue = At some point or time , I did like u . Silver = We're close . Red = I love u . White = I really care about u . Post this as ur status and see wut others think about u . :3 
I will start off by writing alot . >.< So much work to do . 
I want 2 see someone get sunburn during an Illinois winter . 
If there is one thing that I absolutely love in life , it's manga . I can't stop reading . 0.0 
First person at the bus garage . It's kind of creepy . 5:51 a.m. 
Who's going to be there when I fall apart ? cuz the only one I have ever trusted was you . 
I can't believe how you betrayed me with that angelic smile still on your face . I understand he comes before me , but that doesn't lessen the sting . I guess , I just was never really important . It can't be the same now . All I wanted was for you to spare some time for me . To shed some light for me . Have fun as I'm sure when you're dead you'll cling to his corpse . 
I wanna go back to sleep ! D: 
Beautiful lethargy is flooding through my veins . Sailormoon is ringing in my ears . Terrible poetry is burning my eyes . 
I guess , everyone's helpless when in love . * envies * Then again if there's one thing I hate , it's helplessness . 
Grr ... 
>.< How weird that I just woke up this morning and couldn't go back to sleep . Oh well , maybe next time .... or maybe not .... sleeping in isn't of my best interest on a school day 
Fave Bands : 1 . Staind 2 . Disturbed 3 . Three Days Grace 4 . Linkin Park 5 . Tatu 6 . Orgy 7 . Nickelback 8 . Trapt 9 . All Time Low 10 . Sum 41 
Oh and btw , I can see o.o it's a miracle ! :D 
This little girlie's finally getting ready 2 play in the snow :3 
Its nice 2 have good music thrummin in my ears , not so good that the summr seems like its over as I prepare 2 return home . If I culd pray 2 God , I wuld ask 4 a miracle . I need one . Only 4 days left and may I prove that I'm worthy . 
All good things come to an end . In fact , all things good or bad come 2 an end . Why do I always find myself waiting for the end ? I can't be this happy for long , right ? 
Like this status and I'll tell you what I like about you . :) 
I curse the day that Adam and Eve got their first toe cramps . Damn sinners . =.= 
Poor Rachael doesnt get 2 go 2 the ball . 
Ah >.< my poor throat is killing me . Looks like I'm sick . Yay . * obviously no real enthusiasm * 
Living off of soup . Yippee =.= 
" She keeps her distance and sits on fences . Puts up resistance and builds defenses . " 
And I found another Krystal Vrtis lookalike , though this one is all stylish and posh . Hmm . Who would have imagined that hairstyle would go so rockingly with her facial structure . I'm so weird xD 
Funny how my head can rip me apart , and no one ever knows . Maybe I deserve to suffer . I mean , after all , I'm losing what I loved most . 
Im goin 2 see my dad . This fan makes the room 2 cold , but deliciously so . Why does my stomach hurt after i brush my teeth ? How annoyin . =.= ... My blanket is really soft and fluffy . I hope it stays really soft and fluffy 4 a really long time . Maybe I shuld go 2 sleep . I wonder why she does it . Wow . I really need sum sleep . 
Plz tell me you're not going to cry even though the world is falling apart . 
" I've had reoccuring nightmares that I was loved for who I am and missed the opportunity to be a better man . " 
" I mean , what can I say ? " Richman - 3OH ! 3 
" Falling slowly , eyes that know me , and I can't go back . Moods that take me and erase me , and I'm painted black . You have suffered enough and warred with yourself . It's time that you won . " 
My iPod , Picasso , finally got arranged wit a better selection of songs . Yay . Though I no longer have any space left 2 add more . =.= Darn it . 
Have no fear ! Wonderbra is here ! And I currently have no idea why I said that >.< Fail 
It's funny when you find yourself having scars from something that never seemed a big deal . Scars that leave you terrified as you watch them appear and sense that they may never leave . 
I never knew until today how appropriate that nickname was . I have turned into an Ice Queen . It's warm emotions that I lack . 
Last weekend before school starts . >.< I'm already dreading the homework . 
I much prefer the dark over the light cuz shadows cushion the harsh lines of reality . 
" Too late for the other side . Caught in a chase 25 to life . " 
Learning how to play an acoustic guitar is painful , but I'm kind of getting the hang of it . My fingers hurt like hell and have become very sensitive even to the lightest of touches , but I know that it will all be worth it in the end . I shall develop the roughened fingers of a man ! Mwahaha/Gross . 
I'm so tired . It hurts 2 do anything . 
I'm hungry for the yummy polish food in my fridge :3 
" Yeah , I'll always be waiting for you ... " 
Uhoh O.o I wanted to make Spaghetti O's in the microwave , but there is no Spaghetti O's button . Whatever shall I do ? Lol jk :D 
" Insane in the membrane . " - Cypress Hill 
Do you know how to get to the Physics room ? To find out how to get to the Physics room say , " Map ! " Ready , set , Go ! 
Oh , the humanity ! Someone opened my can of V8 , took a sip , remembered they didn't like it , and , then , left it on top of the microwave for who knows how long . Such a beautiful treasure wasted . )': 
Watchin some good anime after the 2nd night of the play . * sighs * There is still a lot of work 2 b done this weekend . Damn and I was hoping 4 a nap . 
For so long now I've been wanting to let it all go . 
Today was a bad one , and I'm not sure if I'll be better off tomorrow . This whole week sucks >.< and what's with this number thing ? 
Home again . My bed is still as comfy as hell ... Wait . I dont think hell is supposed to be cozy . Guess that means Satan's awaiting for my arrival . 
I find myself wondering why it never occurred to me to fight back ' cept in my dreams where the weapons were forks . I remember too that she would always lie to me , leaving me confused and open for another painful blow . My anger replaced by the sorrow of betrayal . Even in my dreams , I couldn't fight . 
" He said it was a one-night stand , but the alcohol didn't let her understand . He said it was a one-night stand , a one-stand . So what made you think that he couldn't find a door in the morning when he found that bed so easilly in the dark ? " 
It's been awhile . Lol . Anyways , currently wondering why I couldn't have passed that damn driving test . Would have made my life a whole lot easier =.= at least in some aspects . 
I just heard the most funniest thing on the radio . Some little girl from Dublin , Ireland called a demolition place to see if she could have them blow up or knock down her school . She wanted to know how much it would cost and whether or not they could manage doing it with the teachers still inside . Lol . You got to here her convo with the people at the company , and it was so hilarious , especially with the Irish accent . 
Christmas Eve gathering of friends and family . Boy , was the feast good :D 
My antique archaeology hat makes me happy :3 
Slowly , I find myself able to cope again . After all , if I can get through this days successfully , I must have done something right . ^^ Hunny Bunny , I love you . You kept all my empty spaces in check . 
Right after school , I trudged my way home and took a 30 minute nap . Couldn't be too long cuz I have lots of homework and play rehearsal later today , but I dressed in my pajamas for the occasion . Thinking about the play , I began to wonder why my character , Etta , would wear to bed . To my embarrassment , it occured to me that she would just sleep in the nude , Aka : the birthday suit . 
Fill my head with knowledge and forget about the rest . I don't want to feel , so rip the heart out from my chest . It was never in my nature to give unto such madness . I choose my sanity today . 
I much prefer the dark over the light cuz the shadows cushion the harsh lines of reality . 
I don't know what to think anymore . Just let me take a nap for once . 
I get three days of relaxation . AWESOME !!!!! 
So much work ...................... 
Must remember to get to work , but I don't want to . At least , I want to do other types of work . I want to read what I want , write what I want , say what I want , etc . If only I could .... 
" You're just another pretty face in a room full of whores . ( No , you don't mean much . ) Used to be so naive . Catatonic now . You seem to be so much better than before . " 
Tonight there's meatloaf . Smells amazing . O.o 
" Roses have thorns , and silver fountains mud ... " -Shakespeare 
" I've spent the night dancing . I'm drunk , I suppose . If it looks like I'm laughing , I'm really just asking to leave . " ~ MCR 
Remember keep secrets secret . 
Watching the Nanny . Got to love it . :) 
Oatmeal is a food of champions . >.< You don't like it ? Suck it up =.= 
" It's like you're a leach , sucking the life from me . It's like I can't breathe ... I know I let you have all the power , and I realize I'm never gonna quit you over time . " 
Autumn is always so beautiful , but what we're witnessing is death . So Autumn's a beautiful death ? 
Tsk . Tsk . When will people learn it's not good 2 play games with me . I rise up to the challenge . 
Ah ! Where are my sneakers ?! 
" I believe I have an issue ... " " What ? " " I can't get no satisfaction . " " Wait . What ?! " 
I just don't know what to say . It's like the world is crashing down , and I've been crushed underneath the rubble . I'm not dead . I'm struggling to reach the top , but I can't make it . I'm not good enough to make it . I'm stuck having to fail , having to live and know this . 
" Did you know that goldfish turn white if they're not exposed to light ? " " No , but I guess now we know what happened to Michael Jackson . " 
Why do I feel like sometime soon the world is going to come crashing down on me ? 
Time passes by and I keep on thinking about how much pulling a blanket over my head and calling it a night appeals to me . 
" Can you tell me softly how you always haunt me ? " 
I miss flag football D: 
" Tell me , please . Who the fuck did you want me to be ? Was it something that I couldn't see ? Never knew this would be so political . And please , I'm still wearing this miserable skin , and it's started to tamper within . But , it's obvious that doesn't bother you , so please . " 
" I want to be in your dreams , in your dreams . Just wait and see you can count on me , count on me . I know just what you're after . My heart keeps beating faster . I wanna see you in my dreams " 
Emmy is the bomb :3 
Ah ! My love in a cup tea has been misplaced ! 
Grr . Why is nothing I do good enough ? These people don't even care 2 know who I am , and yet they can blame me so easilly . Um ... hello ... I do have a brain , and I've done a lot of shit in this household . Not my fault that every1 else does everything half-assed . 
Play's over . Can't wait for the next one . 
Rockin it out in the kitchen while cleanin and makin breakfast ^^ 
I love learning , but all the work can be so overwhelming >.< Okay . One step at a time . Get your calculator . * stares at it from across the room * 
Contrary to what they may think , most adults are stupid . Grr . 
Grass is so beautiful * eyes glued to the ground outside * o.o I want to play in it ... >.> 
Heehee . I guess there was a Lady Snaga this year after all . * rofl * xD 
Two Things : 1 . Apparently the dog loves my cooking , but now I'm stuck cleaning up the mess without the wonders of a full stomach . 2 . Smith would be so proud of me . I watch cartoons that use the beautiful word ' corraborate ' :) 
As I find the end of another year drawing close , I'm not quite sure what I think of it . Therefore , I have decided to list 5 good and bad things about this year . 
And so another member of this family tries the cinnamon challenge . And fails lol xD 
It seems like forever since I've seen your face . Strange to say but I miss it . 
Just foiled Mr. Twinkles attempts of seducing his sister . 
" Drink lemonade ! Vitamen C ! " 
Wah ! D: I have to learn how to dance ! 
Grr . Why can't people just tell you how they feel ? It wuld make a few things in the world a lot easier . 
" When it's over , is it really over ? " 
My dad's weekly menu : Mon - Burger Tues - BLT Wed - Burger and Fries Thurs - Burger and Burger Fri - Pizza Sat - Cheeseburger Sun - Burger , Burger , Cheeseburger , and Fries 
I have no idea why I'm such a spoilsport . 
We women are very vile creatures * sighs * Seems like I will never be happy . 
" He knows you like to sleep on your left side . He's heard you talk to yourself in your dreams . I guess , by now , he's called you lover , turned into that other guy that I used to be . " I Wish I Didn't Care - Lovesick Radio 
Gawd , Puddles . Why are you such a strumpet ? >.< 
" Holding my last breath , safe inside myself are all my thoughts of you " My Last Breath - Evanescence 
I want a pillow pet ! D: Preferably a lion . 
" Woah oh . Can't let you go , my little girl , cuz you're holding up my world , so I need you " 3 Door Down - So I Need You 
I can't get down from this sugar high . I swear , it feels like I'm goin to die . This sugar high . 
Just escaped a close call of skunk rabies . 
Today is so strange . Nothing's going right , but things aren't entirely bad either . 
So much to do and it's only the first day back >.< 
Winding down while the rest of the world around me chaoticly shifts . That's strange . I can't keep my eyes open . 
I love me some pie :) 
How cruel ! Why must you tease me so much Skipbeat . Now , I need to collect the anime version of you too . D: 
" I'm sitting at a bar on the the inside , waiting for my ride on the outside . She stole my heart in the trailerpark , so I jacked the keys to her f***ing car . Crashed that piece of s *** and then stepped away . " Bartender Song - Rehab 
Having a little sister can be so fun :3 Today instead of being a princess , she's Mrs. Rainbow . So cute ^^ 
OMG !?! I JUST SAW AN ELVIS OBAMA ON FAMILY GUY ! O.O Pelvic movements , screaming girls , and everything . 
I just don't know . 
SKIP BEAT ! IS SO AWESOME !!! MUST KEEP READING ! 
" I sit alone and watch the clock , trying to collect my thoughts . All I think about is you . " 
So much fun to be singing all terrible like and not caring . :D Hahaha . I now gots me a driver's license . Next step >.> Get job so I can pay for my car using ways . 
Hate having sisters that take my clothes . Wasted two hours of my day washing and drying my jeans when they should've been clean this morning . Thanks a lot Callie . Try to delete this hoe biscuit . 
" The drinking bone's connected to the party bone . The party bone's connected to the staying out all night long , and she won't think it's funny . And I'll wind up all alone , and the lonely bone's connected to the drinking bone . " 
Nothing symbolizes Christmas more than a faulty heater . 
" l'll be with you girl . Like being low . Hey , hey , hey , Like being stoned . " Low - Cracker 
" How you turned my world , you precious thing . You starve and near exhaust me . Everything I've done , I've done for you . I move the stars for no one . You've run so long . You've run so far . Your eyes can be so cruel just as I can be so cruel , though I do believe in you . Yes I do live without your sunlight , love without your heartbeat . I can't live within you . " 
If you asked me what I thought of you , I don't know what I'd say . You make me nervous and afraid to speak . It's no wonder I end up acting like an idiot . You'll probably never like me too . 
Today , Mr. Twinkles tried to follow me to school =.= again . I kicked him . 
" I feel angry . I feel helpless . Want to change the world . I feel violent . I feel alone . Don't try to change my mind , no ... " 
" We won't stop until somebody calls the cops , and even then , we'll start again and just pretend that nothing ever happened . " 
Describe me in one word by using the 1st letter of your name . Then , repost , so I can describe you lol :3 
2010 is almost over so message me one thing that you've been wanting to say to me . Then , post this as your status . 
This chocolate pie is so yummy :3 Tomorrows going to be fun ! 
Agh ! My phone keeps sending my messages more than once to people ! O.o 
What music allows you to calm down ? For me it is Coldplay's Parachutes Album or Waiting for the Night to Fall by Depeche Mode . 
Waiting for my pink shirt to dry * twitch * 
