wishes her computer didnt get wiped ... such a pain 
is watching the Michael Jackson special on Max ... i lead a very exciting life 
got the course she wanted :) ... get my holidays back 
so much for holidays ... 
still has to pay rent even tho there is someone in my room ... so crap 
is glad wolfman shaved his beard and got a hair cut :) 
haha QLD , dirty wankers 
is watching disturbia 
is glad to be home 
is going to sydney tomorrow to watch eels vs panthers :) 
cant believe her lap top crashed again 
go scott :) 
just came back from the eels and doggies game :) 
is going to Armidale tomorrow 
found jeremy 
go the eels :) 
hopes she doesnt get what jadyn has and that he gets better soon 
is going to a nutrimetics party tonight and is really hoping the game is on the tv there ... 
got taylor swift tickets this morning :) 
exams tomorrow oh no :( 
is bored 
Green Day Tonight :D 
had a great night out . Merry Christmas :D 
as grazes everywhere from where angus knocked my off the trampoline ... all jadyns fault . 
thanks for the birthday msg's :) 
just bought the best looking mud cake , cant wait to eat it :) 
feels much better today . never drinking again . 
angus tried to eat my camera .. there is a big dint in the front and its got a cracked screen ... silly dog 
Taylor Swift concert tonight :) 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? deserves ? a ? smack ? in ? the ? face ? with ? a ? shovel ? 
Happy 3rd Birthday to little Maddy for tomorrow :) 
funny how someone can start something , yet everyone but them gets the blame . glad to be rid of you . 
All Stars :) 
thankyou jadyn for giving me ur sickness ... atleast the footy show is on tonight :) 
just had a nice little visit from Shikarn :) 
just had the best visit from Kahny :) 
Happy Birthday Aunty Fi :) 
Happy Easter 
wolfman on matty johns show ... yum 
wondering why lizzy keeps stealing tissue and eating them ... spastic dog lol 
just watched my Aunty Fi and her UFO photos on Kerryanne ... kinda freaky 
went on a really funny road trip today with mum , aunty sue and uncle dooke ... was funnier when we had to pull up 3 times coz mum and aunty sue were car sick lol 
This ref is a tool 
up the dogs :) 
Please put this on your status if you know or are related to someone who is a QLD MAROONS supporter . They adversely affect the lives of many . There is still no cure for this terrible affliction , but we can raise awareness . 93% of ppl won't copy and paste this as they are afraid , but we can live in hope that one day the world will be free from this terrible disorder . Support NSW BLUES 
Jadyn just made it into the Western Public Schools team 
Hopes Nan had a good 72nd birthday today ... even if lunch was crap 
off to tamworth tomorrow and armidale the next day , what a boring drive . 
Happy Birthday Mum . 
Up the roosters :) 
cmon parra 
not watching X Factor anymore , my favourite got kicked off :( so annoyed 
jadyn just made the group 10 footy team 
haha storm 
Happy Birthday Dad 
Congratulations Nessa & Ben :) 
this assignment will be the end of me 
go the roosters :) 
got my full licence , no more p's . worst licence photo ever . 
off to merriwa 
took mum to the hospital after she burnt her hand in oil at work and she was off her face on endone after having it under a tap for ages and ages ... funniest trip to the hospital 
Just kicked my toe and ripped my nail off .... trying really hard not to cry . This freakin panadol isnt so " rapid " . 
all the teams i have chosen for the finals have failed so i shall now go for the roosters ... for tonight haha 
off to see Toy Story 3 with Maddy & Renae 
Happy 18th Birthday Mandy :) 
Goin out for dinner tonight to chinese in blayney , yum . 
Success :) 
I'm awesome . 
Looks like a tool unlocking my car from the passenger side and then going and getting in the drivers side because it wont unlock , only lock . And thankyou loser p plater from hitting the trolley with ur car that then rolled and smashed into mine . 
Just saw eclipse , wish it was a bit closer to the book but it was still great . :D cant wait to go again 
Off to see Eclipse with nan :) 
Merry Christmas :) 
Thanks for the birthday msgs :) 
got out of map interpretation early , thanks nick haha 
Happy Birthday Jadyn 
didnt get sick at all this winter ... waited till the first day of spring how annoying . i hate being sick especially when i go away next week , atleast i get to stay in bed and watch vampire diaries :) 
Been sitting in this geology room all day , now doing geological map interpretation and am so bloody bored and have a head ache , all on a nice saturday 
dropped my phone down the toilet , first time ever , so annoyed . 
Happy 21st Birthday Laura :) xox 
I love it when someone says one thing and does another . Not . 
Still have same phone number but lost everyone else's so send of a msg with ur number 
Happy Birthday Erin :) 
Off to the Super X at Parra :) 
Taking jadyn to the hospital for a suspected broken toe haha looks so gross , thats what he gets for being naughty lol 
Happy birthday Kade 
Saw a guy hit 2 cars tonight and try to leave after i watched black swan . Stupid guy . Cant even speak english 
Thankyou to Rohan and Simon for fixing my first flat tyre tonight when no one else would answer me . 
" JamesOConnor832 hey @amadzi happy bday for tomorrow !!! " My Birthday msg from James O'Connor :D :D :D so happy . 
Happy Birthday Rod . :) 
Waiting at the dentist , this receptionist is the biggest bitch . Like her job is so hard she has to be that rude . 
Just watched Piranha ... wont be swimming for a while . 
Happy Birthday Maddy 
Thanks for everyone who came saturday night :) Hope you enjoyed seeing my mum sloshed coz i sure did haha 
Happy Birthday Jay :) 
About to cook some Kruski , by myself coz Mum's sick . Lets hope this ends well . 
Most definately over these bloody early mornings , stop waking me up at 6 dad . 
just got a nice big bunch of flowers and no idea who theyre from ... the florist knows but cant tell me ... why would anyone send me flowers ? 
Congratulations Nikki and matt on your little girl isabella molly :) 
Been at the hospital for hours , tiarne crashed her car but is ok , just about to leave and mum and jadyn come in , putting jadyn on a drip and should be ok . 
Happy birthday sam . 
" Hell is empty , and all the devils are here " 
It takes more than a good memory to have good memories . 
Happy birthday matt :) 
Happy birthday aunty val 
So sick of ungrateful people . 
Who's stupid idea was it to be up at 6 ? Fml 
Cant . Keep . Eyes . Open . 
Think it will be death by wisdom teeth . 
Sharks won . Im sorry what ?? 
Happy Birthday Kade . 
off to somewhere next week doing mineral exploration for work experience . free food and motel :) nice 
Dont you just love liars . 
Off to michelago where ever that is 
1St day of work experience over , didnt actually do anything except take forever to get here , have a massive spider on my wall in this super tiny room , made friends with a puppy , got attacked by a butterfly and got lost going to and from dinner in canberra . Great . 
Here's hoping I survive the night and there are no serial killers coz it would sure be the perfect place lol if u dont hear from me then he got me . 
Actually working today , off to look at some rocks . 
Need some muscles . 
Want another party like my 21st , except im not sick and have a great time . 
Being chased by cows 
0691762 6011596 
On my way home finally . May even hug the tv when get there . 
Why cant anyone else have all the bad karma ? 
Just realised I have my cardigan on inside out and i've even buttoned it up . Idiot . 
still laughing at mum and aunty linda with their call for their cleaning business ... guy wanted to pleasure himself while watching them clean hahahaha yuk 
" Mental aerobics are always tougher than physical ones " 
You're not the good kind . 
About to watch never say never with little miss Taylah Allen 
Off to oberon for a footy carnival . Its too early . 
Laughing at jadyn trying to work the crutches lol mum smacked him in the face with them after he smacked his head getting in the car haha 
Trying to work out if this lady is pregnant or just massive ??? 
First in line for miley tickets for me and miss taylah 
On my way to armidale . First stop wello maccas 
In armidale finally . 
One question to go on the assessment sheet and the rock is missing . Good one . 
Got an early mark and dont have to be back till 1 tomorrow . Awesome . 
Been waiting for my meal for over an hour . f this im starving . Must be bloody catching the cow for my steak . 
Gems and sapphires practical . My favourite . So pretty . 
Happy birthday uncle steve and nan . 
Happy birthday dad . 
Very long day out and about armidale/inverell all different rocks and in and out of an arsenic mine . 
Day 6 of residential school out in the middle of no where . 2 days and im free 
Off to hanging rock ... But not for a picnic 
Last day of uni then a test then to newcastle . 
Survived the intensive school . Off to newcastle . 
Will not be driving from armidale to gloucester again . Fml 
Me " I hate driving at twilight " mum " yeh I hate driving at vampire diaries " lol think we're a bit bored 
On my way to forster 
Our family has always had the tradition to buy presents for easter christmas and birthdays until we are 18 . jadyn may be bigger than everyone but he is still only 12 . People should stop forgetting that . 
Happy easter . 
Back to armidale 
Thanks for the 2 fuel vouchers aunty sue we just got at the raffles 
Almost 13 hours at uni for GIS . On the plus side only 1 question in the project tomorrow morning to go . 
Fell down the stairs at the motel . Can see where my feet slipped still 
Res schools done . Off to drop aunty sue home in medowie 
Off to lithgow to surprise dad and jadyn at footy 
can finally have a rest ... falling down stairs is hard work 
Guaranteed every time I go to the movies I think about catching nits off the head rest . Yuk . 
Just finished reading water for elephants , off to see the movie tomorrow night . Should be even better with rob in it :p 
Helping mum and aunty linda with their cleaning job . Better get my cut haha 
Just saw water for elephants , such a good movie . Rosie the elephant is beautiful :) rob pattinson is alright too lol 
