Don't stop me now Yes I'm having a good time I don't wanna stop at all !!!!!! ( 8 ) 
Have you any idea why a raven is like a writing desk ? -- Mad Hatter =) 
And now it's your chance ... To move on , change the way you've lived for so long , Find the strength you've had inside all along .... Cause life starts now ....! 
HEY SI EXISTO Q LES PASA A TODOS ! Q me meta a facebook 1 vez al mes no quiere decir q no exista !! pshhhh 
“I don't wish to be everything to everyone , but I would like to be something to someone . ” -- Javan 
You don't have a soul . You ARE a soul . You have a body -- C . S . Lewis 
" That’s the best revenge of all : happiness . Nothing drives people crazier than seeing someone have a good fucking life . " -- Chuck Palahniuk 
Dieta empieza HOY !! Lo hago publico pa q no me dejen comer plis =) 
Cancion d la semana --> Kings & Queens ; 30 seconds to Mars !! 
We've got to hold on to what we've got .... ' Cause it doesn't make a difference if we make it or not . We're half way there -- Livin ' on a prayer ....! 
Oh , I bet you thought that I was soft and sweet .... ' Ya fallen angel swept you off ya feet ; but I'm about to turn up the heat ... I'm here for your entertainment !! ( 8 ) 
We were the kings and queens of promise ! We were the victims of ourselves !! Maybe the children of a lesser god !!! Between heaven and hell ...! -30 secs to Mars 
Ooh this could be messy 
.... But you don't seem to mind ! Ooh don't go telling everybody and overlook this supposed crime . We'll fast forward to a few years later , and no one knows except the both of us ! And I have honored your request for silence ... And you've washed your hands clean of this .... -Alanis Morissette/ " Hands Clean " 
But you'll just tight and watch it unwind ... It's only what you're asking for ... And you'll be just fine with all of your time ... It's only what you're waiting for ..! -- Vertical Horizon 
Blame it on the pop , blame it on the dance , blame it on the rock and roll ! 
Blame it on the rumba , so in sync with the symphonic soul ! I like that 
pop , I like that bass , I like them rockin’ electronic club beats ..! Blame it on the hip-hop music with the future flow !!! -- Dj Earworm ! 
And if I only could , make a deal with God , and get him to swap our places ... Be running up that road , be running up that hill , be running up that building , if I only could , oh ... -- Placebo 
MUCHAS GRACIAS A TODOS !!!!! =) 
