Life is something that happens to you ... when you are too busy planning for other things .... 
WANTED : A Goose That Lays Golden Eegs !!!! 
One Week Into College ... Still I am Asking The same Question ... When Will our Classes Start Regularly ?????? 
Its a miracle : We Had All classes Today !!!! 
Breaking News : We Had Classs today in The Last Period !!! 
Shobai Naache Pujo Ashche ... ami Naachi college aasche ... err college khulche ... 
Sweet November Rain !!! 
Hazra Law Club !!!! 
If you travel in canning local u r bound to smell different after u get off from the train .... 
plzzzz vote for me in orkut ..... 
I have only one new orkut invitation left to give up .... who wants it ?????? 
I Have Got The New Orkut !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Hav you ???????? Its Cooooooooool !!!!!!!!!!!! 
May your troubles last as long as your new year resolutions !!! HAPPY NEW YEAR !!! 
Lyf's At a crossroad .. but I am stuck in a traffic jam ....... 
hate it when strangers sms me and ridiculously ask me to be their freinds ... 
Imagaine there is no exam ... No internals to study for ... Imagine all the students ... Living life in peace ... You may say that I'm a dreamer ... But I'm not the only one ... I hope someday you'll join us ... And the world will live as one ... 
Well behaved people never changed the world ... 
When I get older , when I get older I will be stronger , just like a Waving Flag , Just like a Waving Flag , just like a Waving flag Flag , flag , Just like a Waving Flag ... had a date wid the FIFA world Cup !!!! 
Bongaon Local Was Emptier Than Metro .... 
The ever eluding freshers welcome ... to be sighted tommorrow 
Phone bills are an infringement upon our fundamental right !!! 
Today I have learnt what cruelty is ... 
A hard rains gonna fall ... 
Keep the smile , leave the tear , Think of joy , forget the fear ... Hold the laugh , leave the pain , Be joyous , Coz its a brand new year ! HAPPY NEW YEAR !!! 
Feels nice to go to sleep in one decade and wake up in another ... 
CCTVs in a mall are not an invasion of privacy but such measures in a college are against basic rights of an individual ... 
Wow ! 
Double standards personified !!! 
We were good fellas . Wiseguys ... 
haar ne aye hain , haar ke jayenge , unme se hum nahin jo jeet payenge ... 
To be willing to march into Hell ... 
For a heavenly cause ... 
Because the things you say and the things you do surround me 
While you were hanging yourself on someone else's words 
Dying to believe in what you heard 
I was staring straight into the shining sun ... 
legislation , precedent and custom are the three main sources of misery ... 
:( 
Horrid election campaign songs are drilling a hole in my head ! 
Democracy is a system where people get a chance to elect their DICTATORS !!!! 
wathched guzarish today ... awesum movie 
:) 
Over confidance ruins the match ! 
Mission accomplished !!! 
:D :D 
hubba hubba !!! 
:D 
I wish a slow and painfull death for all those people , who are responsible for this terrible train accident . 
Dhur ! abar train accident ... :( 
Silence is argument carried out by other means ... 
One of the most productive and fulfilling and enjoyable days spent in recent times !!! 
awesome day ... 
:P 
A big Thank you to all the people who wished me on my birthday 
The Social Network !!! 
Two good results back to back !!! Can life get any better ???? 
My sincere apologies to all those people who have been falsely led to believe ( intentionaly or otherwise ) that 

1 ) My advice to bring Rs . 100 extra on the day of form fillup was made with an intent of personal gain . 
2 ) The sum was to be submitted to someone other than the college authorities . 
Dhus ! 
Happy independence day to all !!! 
Know ye not that ye are the temple of God , and that 
the Spirit of God dwelleth in you ? 
Never felt so helpless ... 
Testing times ... 
To all those who may contemplate suicide any time in the future .... please spare the metro ... 
1 down ... four more ... the battle gets tougher !!! 
GO ! Vote ! 
Esplanade circus ... 
i am on the right track !!!! 
Happy about it 
CU creates a new world record ... Shedules semester examinations after only two working days of the publication of exam notification 
0-2 !!! 
Responsibility should only be given to those , who can handle it ... 
Retail Therapy !!! 
;P 
Iraq fell , Saddam fell -- the only thing that didn't fall was the price of oil .... 
To , all those ' intellectuals ' who were sympathising with the maoists till now ... 
To , all those so-called ' maoist ' , who are no better than butchers ... 
To , all those in the ' Government ' working on a ' limited mandate ' 
" HOW LONG CAN I STAY ALIVE ? " 
Life is like a box of chocolates . You never know what you are gonna get . 
You are , what people perceive you to be ... 
i know what i am and i know what i want and i know what i feel ... ar ke ki bollo chera geche ... 
Ubuntu 
0-4 !!!! 
:D :D :D 
0-3 !!! 
:D :D 
We r lucky .. 
jar ja paona , take tai diyo ... 
All Hail Germany ! 
a student looses one of his eyes , courtesy a bunch of 30-40 yr old outsiders ... on protesting , hired party leaders , goons with guns ( automatic ) surround a bunch of greiving college students ... yet none of this is in the news ... THIS IS DEMOCRACY !!! 
More victims will soon be claimed by those same 30 - 40 year olds ... 
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO EVERYBODY ! 
Sometimes i feel like ... screaming !!! 
Virus 
A bad day .. 
onek din por bhalo bangla chobi ... 
i am feeling happy , without any reason ... strange !!! 
In memory of every 
cancer patient , family member and friend who has lost the battle with 
cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it ! Putthis on your page 
for 1 hour if you know someone who has or has had cancer . Many won't 
copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? 
You must remember this 
A kiss is just a kiss , a sigh is just a sigh . 
The fundamental things apply 
As time goes by . 
The 
number of nuclear warheads in USS Trident is more than the total number 
of warheads Pakistan and India have together ... and still its us who must 
sign the CTBT ... 
Gal mitthi mitthi bol , Bajne de taashe dhol .. 
Had a very economical exam ... Used less paper ... less ink ... 
I can’t remember if I cried 
When I read about his widowed bride , 
But something touched me deep inside 
The day the music died .... 
After a few hours from now , either a country of 16,445,593 strong or a country of 45,555,716 strong will lift the world cup , while a country of 1,139,964,932 strong will keep on dreaming about qualifying for the world cup ... 
You can checkout any time you like , 
But you can never leave ... 
4th dimention , a student oraganisation , presents a seminar on ' KASHMIR : A PARADISE LOST ' tommorow at Academy of Fine Arts at 11 am . 
Come 4ward ... be heard 
Grt day ... watched a good bangla ' boi ' at nandan ... followed by something which i had long expected ... and then i saw sense !!! 
thinkin ' about all our younger years ... We were young and wild and free ... 
The worst thing about life is that you cannot undo what you have done ... 
Hey Soul Sister ... 
let us die young or let us live forever 
we don't have the power but we never say never ... 
... That it only takes a minute of your precious time 
To turn around , I’ll be two steps behind 
... 
The more you try to esacpe reality ... the more it tightens its grip on you ... 
Legal method diche mathay bhison load .. 
Cardozo ( and Dadu ) boleche ... law is a living growth , not a changeless code ... 
i hate rainydays and mondays ... 
It's okay if we mess up . We should give ourselves a break .. 
I feel happy without any reason ... again !!! 
:p 
strange !!! 
What if God was one of us ? 
Just a slob like one of us 
Just a stranger on the bus 
Trying to make his way home .... 
Catching up with memories ... 
How do you feel when a 45 rupees Lassi tastes like a 10 rupees one ?? 
Women upset 
everything . When you let them into your life , you find 
that the woman is driving at one thing and youre 
driving at another .... 
You fill up my senses 
like a night in the forest 
like the mountains in springtime , 
like a walk in the rain 
like a storm in the desert , 
like a sleepy blue ocean 
you fill up my senses , 
come fill me again ... 
" There must be some way out of here , " said the joker to the thief , 
" There's too much confusion , I can't get no relief . 
Businessmen , they drink my wine , plowmen dig my earth , 
None of them along the line know what any of it is worth . " 
Ni ryari izuba , Rizagaruka , Hejuru yacu , 
Ni nd ' uzaricyeza ricyeza . 
And now I understand what you tried to say to me 
how you suffered for your sanity 
how you tried to set them free . 
They would not listen 
they did not know how 
perhaps they'll listen now ... 
Ami ar tumi ... baki shob harami .... 
Watching you is the only drug I need ... 
Never knew our college produced such brilliant actors ... 
From tollugunge to mudially ... there is one vishwakarma puja every 10 meters ... work culture is improving ... 
Takes more than combat gear to make a man ... 
Takes more than a license for a gun ... 
Confront your enemies , avoid them when you can ... 
A gentleman will walk but never run ... 
All of our politicians play KBC in reverse manner . They make crores and crores first and then answer the questions later . 
just discovered that each tic tac tablet can keep you unusually happy for around fifteen miniutes 
This time the juice was not worth the squeeze , lets see how the story ends ... 
shob pele nosto jibon .... 
This 
diwali I have given up fire crackers as a part of my initiative towards 
saving the environment ... although it is a very small contribution , but 
i would request all of you to join the cause to make it a big one !! 
illish bhapa and khasi mangsho ... 
PM finally breaks silence . The only 2G I know is SoniaG and RahulG . 
On a long enough time line , the survival rate for everyone drops to zero ... 
Hok Kolorob !!! 
emono ki din aste pare , jokhn gari chapa pore manush mara gele , loke bolbe aha bari theke berotei ba gelo kano ? 
All in all you ' re just ... another brick in the WALL ... 
Abhijeet shot ACP today ! 
OMG ! 
Kal hobe porikha sesh , anonde nache mon 
Law is nothing but common sense , which is very uncommon ... 
Freedom from all social obligations ! 
Beware : Today is Rajnikant's birthday ! 
is wondering whether there are any exceptions to the greneral rule of good always triumphing over evil ... 
The cheapest thing available in the market - HUMAN BEINGS . 
What is the most resilient parasite ? Bacteria ? A virus ? An intestinal worm ? An idea . Resilient ... highly contagious .... 
Shanti ! 
Et tu Brute , then fall Caesar ... 
the demand of the exams are not being met by the supply of my studies ... 
Jhor ke ami korbo mite .. 
Dorbo na tar bhrukuti te ... 
It's not personal , Sonny . It's strictly business . 
Other conditions remaining constant , the driving habits of auto drivers remain similar throughout this country .. 
I can hand out a million vaccinations 
Or let'em all die in exasperation 
Have'em all healed of their lacerations 
Have'em all killed by assassination ... 
like begets like ... 
y do they call it western disturbance ? this rain is hardly any disturbance ... 
When the shit hits the fan , some guys run and some guys stay ... 
amar akaash dekha ghuri kichu mitthe bahaduri ... 
amar chokh bedhe dao alo dao shanto shitol pati ... 
tumi mayer moto bhalo ami aklati poth haati ... 
Neither money pays , nor name . Nor fame , nor learning ; it is character that can cleave through adamantine walls of difficulties ... 
Prithibir sob rong nibhe gele pandulipi kore ayojon 
Tokhon golper tore jonakir ronge jhilmil ; 
Sob pakhi ghore ashe - sob nodi - furay e jiboner sob lenden ; 
Thake sudhu ondhokar , mukhomukhi bosibar ... 
puran e ache mahisasur bodh er age se naki mahis er roop dharon korechilo ... but ultimately more to chilo ... 
We have seen the times ... Of inaccessibility ... Of guileless divinity ... And yet you believe ... To desire is worthless ... 
there must be some kind of way out of here ... there's too much confusion here ... 
All my despair , depression , anxiety vanishes just upon the sight of you ! 
:D :P 
My grandfather once told me that there were two kinds of people : those who do the work and those who take the credit . He told me to try to be in the first group ; there was much less competition ... 
The juice is always worth the squezee ! 
This is what leaders are made of ... 
And how can you mend a broken heart ? 
How can you stop the rain from falling down ? 
How can you stop the sun from shining ? 
Its like older days ... kkr is loosing again .... 
Yesterday was some of the best moments i have ever spent in my life ... 
talk myself in ... i talk myself out 
i get all worked up ... then i let myself down ... :D 
telegraph e choy pata dhore raja ranir biyer goppo ... colonial hangover ta mone hoy ar kono din e katbe na ..... 
