I would love so much to have this wind at my back during a track meet ! 
At the cadillac basket ball game ... i dont see a single student that i would say hi to 
So what would you do if you knew you had three days before you died ? 
So does anyone know if school is canceled for tomorrow in mt . pleasant ? please let me know 
Really wish school hadnt been canceled ... really wanted to go to the cmu indoor meet ! 
So .. you people out there that are workin on characters for my story , take your time but i would like to start compiling at least a basic profile for the characters so that i can go more in depth for my plot . if you could get me the basic info at least , that be great 
Not feelin so good .. i think iv made myself alergic to lifesaver spearmint mints 
Well isnt this cool . my genius of a sister stole the ds from my room and dropped it off of her bed breaking the top screen off 
Anyone have any random names that i could use in a story ? its a fiction 
Workin on the map of one of the worlds in my story . i got 20 some cities , and only thought of 2 names .. ideas ? 
TGIF .. im so sick of not bein able to do things cause of days off from school 
So , if a giant yellow blueberry sang a song that sounded like grapes and had hands made of " twinkle twinkle little star " and had a hat made of cow feet and was sitting next to me on a spaceship to jupiter , i would give it a high five and eat its fingers ... :-) 
Anyone else notice that theres Disney and then theres Disney XD ? for those to thick to see it , XD looks like someone laughing or cryin or somethin ... 
Lol i like mt pleasant cause its not snowing :P 
Ok im thinkin of names for different races for my story . so far iv got Elvysyder , Algron , Woldersii , Shal ' Zum , Ahmundai , and Teancur . any ideas would be nice , would like some help thanxs 
I wish i had a blue orange that had apple strand hair and lemon peel fingers with a pinch of pomagranate color for eyes and a hat made of pink velvet glued on glass and singing row row row your boat to the tune of twinkle twinkle little star and has a square carved out of its back with a tv screen there showing whats happenin in my finger nail and a voice that sounds like bananas eating cherries ... 
This lightning is some epic stuffXD 
Really wish i could see myself how girls see me , then i could know myself even better and be less paranoid 
Lovin my new phone !! 
Just played jenga with eight year old sister ... 27 levels , and then she dropped it . It was intense !! 
Its ridiculous . Little kids love me , adults seem to like me better than others my age , but the youth ? Very few of them who know anything about me . Its rather hilarious i think 
D&C 93:36 " The glory of God is intelligence , or , in other words , light and truth " 
Christmas shopin with grandpa ... Dont know what i want to get . Help me please !! I need ideas !! 
Now i remember why i dislike the majority of people . Is it a commandment of God to have friends ? Cause i doin just fine without them . And yes , i do have some friends , but how much do almost any of you really know about me ? Not that people try very hard 
Mosiah 29:10 And now let us be wise and look forward to these things , and that which will make for the peace of this people . 
1Nephi 15:23 -24 ( 23)And they said unto me : What meaneth the rod of iron which our father saw , that led to the tree ? ( 24 ) And I said unto them that it was the word of God ; and whoso would hearken unto the word of God , and would hold fast unto it , they would never perish ; neither could the temptations and the fiery darts of the adversary overpower them unto blindness , to lead them away to destruction 
So what would happen if the tvs of everyone who is watching the superbowl Just turned off and wouldnt turn back on ?? 
hmm ... i dont recomend anyone try that . jus sat through 40 minutes of my 4 , i mean 8 , year old sister screaming and wailing . why ? cause she didnt want to read 3 verses of scripture . is it wrong that i laughed after she got spanked ? 
Bored ................ FROSTED FLAKES !!!!!! So good :) 
What if ... 
Why did God give me the life i have ? He shouldve let me be a hermit during the middle ages like i asked 
Hate and disgust :-[ 
I definantly dont eat enough ... One plate and im stuffed ! Now justgota wait till track starts when i need the energy to whoop everyone again lol 
Just built a snow cave big enough for me to lay down in . first time iv made one since i was 12 lol 
Getin ready to go play basketball ... I gona win lol ;-) 
1 Nephi 8:10 , 12 10 ) and it came to pass that i beheld a tree , whose fruit was desirable to make one happy . 12 ) and as i partook of the fruit thereof it filled my soul with exceedingly great joy ; 
Listenin to carol of the bells and beethonen on youtube ... Love it !! 
Yippee . Its Christmas . Woohoo . So excited . 
L.O.L. I might have to skip the december dance to fix our wii . Right when i decide i dont mind dancin lol 
Just got to the thirtyth floor in jenga .... So suspensful !!! 
Christmas . X-mas . Hmm ... Looks to me that you are X ing out Christ from Christmas 
If oranges were purple , would they be called purples or would what we call now purple be called orange ?? 
D&C 93:28 " He that keepeth his comandments recieveth truth and light , until he is glorified in truth and knoweth all things " 
Watchin how to train your dragon . On the way to the dentist 
For little bro .... Hopefully it doesnt take four adults to hold him down again lol 
Hmmm .......... What if your back was skined and you were thrown into a bed of salt ? 
Thinkin bout emotions . Does anyone else think they dont feel any emotions ? 
HAHA Cadillac !! You got school and i dont . I so happy :) Lol 
So bored ... read a 500 page book today and now nothin to do lol 
Sucks how i cant like funny stuff form my phone :-P but ... if you tickle me im not responsible for your injuries !! 
