Registering for stuff takes so much energy out of you !! Whew ! 
need coffee .............. bad ! 
is off to Church ! Teaching preschool kidos today :) 
I have way to much crap that i'm so not taking with me when i move out . I need to have a garage sale ! 
Chocolate really is the answer to everything :p 
Peace out Michael Jackson . 
Omg . I bought my wedding dress today :) So much fun !!!!! 
Why am i awake right now !? 
Yay !! 19 years old today !! :) It's going to be a great year , i know it :) 
Finally got some coffee inside of me ... now I'm ready for the day . 
Blaa . Been lethargic all day with no signs of improvement . I hate feeling crappy . It feels like a waste of a day :( But God is good , and at least the weather is nice . 
Job interview @ 3pm ... then off to the beach for the weekend !!!! So excited to get away ! 
Just got back from the Mall ... I'm starving ... time to make some popcorn :) PS : i would love some Starbucks coffee right now .... but I'm poor and even if i had the $ , i shouldn't be spending it on caffeine ..... i lose :( 
Waking up , going to get a coffee , wedding decor shopping , hanging out with a friend , then Harry Potter with my buddy , man , & brother .. doesn't sound like a bad day :) 
Interview went great ! Now off to Ocean Shores until Sunday !! WHooo :) 
is going to Starbucks before her boy comes over :) 
The Lord is close to the brokenhearted and saves those who are crushed in spirit . Psalm 34:18 
I've had better days . 
Insomnia 
feeling good today :) 
Why am i still tired >:( I crashed at 8pm last night and got up today at 11am !!! That's what ....... like 15 hours !!! I don't understand !!! 
making cookies for her hard working fiance 
When will i accept that having ice cream for lunch is not going to help me fit into my wedding dress this October ;) 
Ahh . I love my Fiance :) 
10 days until i get to pick up my wedding dress and bring it home !!!! 
Please pray for my grandpa . He went into the hospital and the doctor is 99% sure he has pancreatic cancer ... witch is terminal at his age :( He is such a joyful man . i love him lots . 
feels blah 
Home from the beach . Now back to reality . 
Alright all you married girlies , or soon to be Mrs. , what's the antidote for wedding planning stress ? 
I had fun today hanging out with my mommy :) Now i'm on my way to church ! 
It's really pathetic that i just watched Bride Wars and cried at the end . Lol . 
well .. $ in the bank is running low . Time to get a new job . 
Had a good time teaching preschool this morning at church :) 
What's the best remedy for fading scars ?? 
Is going to bust this bride's belly ...... starting tomorrow since the ice cream in the freezer looks very appetizing .... ;) 
Off to go job hunt and do some deep cleaning in my man's apartment . I love cleaning :) 
Sucky day . Tomorrow should be better . 
Interview @ 2pm !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Just took a 2 mile walk in my " hilly " neighborhood with my mom :) Trying to get in shape for the wedding . 
sleep , sleep , sleeeeeeep . 
I wish there was a song about insomnia .... it would be the soundtrack of my life :/ 
Made a chocolate cake with cream cheese frosting for my hard working man :) 
What places are hiring ??? 
Tummy ache :( I think i need to consume less dairy . 
Continue to send out resumes and cover letters . Still waiting for a call back . Remaining faithful that God will provide . Johnny and i had a good prayer session last night :) 
Therefore we do not lose heart . Though outwardly we are wasting away , yet inwardly we are being renewed day by day . For our light and momentary troubles are achieving for us an eternal glory that far outweighs them all . So we fix our eyes not on what is s 
" Therefore do not worry about tomorrow , for tomorrow will worry about itself . Each day has enough trouble of its own . " Matthew 6:34 I need to remind myself of this more often . 
Note to self : go easy on the tanning lotion . 
Jesus replied , " What is impossible with men is possible with God . " Luke 18:27 
I'm trying to pick out a song for the father-daughter dance , but everytime i listen to one , i get all emotional and cry ... uhh .. typical . 
" Commit to the Lord whatever you do , and your plans will succeed . " - Proverbs 16:3 
36 . What good is it for a man to gain the whole world , yet forfeit his soul ? Mark 8:36 
Do not be anxious about anything , but in everything , by prayer and petition , with thanksgiving , present your requests to God . Philippians 4:6 
Remain in me , and I will remain in you . No branch can bear fruit by itself ; it must remain in the vine . Neither can you bear fruit unless you remain in me . John 15:4 
Spent the day decorating votive candles with ribbon for the wedding . Also made bouquets for myself and my maid of honor with my mommy :) 
I suppose since it's September 1st , i can officially say that I'm getting married next month ..... insane !!! 
doesn't feel well :( 
I decided that i hate Summer . I much rather be cold and try to find warmth , then be uncomfortably hot and search for a way to cool off . I can't wait until Fall ! 
Interview went well .... now i just have to wait a couple days to see if i nailed it . Praise God for giving me this opportunity . And please pray i get the job :) 
Excited to see my parents tonight . I haven't seen them since Thursday . 
" O LORD my God , I called to you for help and you healed me . " Psalm 30:2 
Heard this phrase in a sermon today and now I'm making it my favorite quote : " I proclaim salvation through Christ crucified " . 
Do you not know that your body is a temple of the Holy Spirit , who is in you , whom you have received from God ? You are not your own ; you were bought at a price . Therefore honor God with your body . 1 Corinthians 6:19 -20 
Went to Mt . Rainier today and is burnt pretty darn good :( 
Happy that Starbucks is selling Pumpkin spice lattes . Can't wait for the peppermint mochas to come !!! 
Let us not become weary in doing good , for at the proper time we will reap a harvest if we do not give up . Galatians 6:9 
Look to the LORD and his strength ; seek his face always . Remember the wonders he has done , his miracles , and the judgments he pronounced . 1 Chronicles 16:11 -12 
God has put so many people on my heart this season ! 
sickness :( 
Interview went well . There are other's who have yet to be interviewed . So i have to wait until Friday to see if it's a thumbs up or down . I pray that it's a thumbs up :o / 
My mom woke me up with a Pumpkin Spice latte . Ahhhh ... it's going to be a good day :) 
2:35 am ... still awake :( stupid insomnia . 
" We come to love not by finding the perfect person , but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly . " 
Accidentally made myself sick from too much cake batter : x But it was sooo yummy . The cake will be much appreciated by the soon to be hubby :) 
Trust in him at all times , O people ; pour out your hearts to him , for God is our refuge . Psalm 62:8 NIV**Cast your cares on the LORD and he will sustain you ; he will never let the righteous fall . Psalm 55:22 NIV**So do not worry about tomorrow ; for tomorrow will care for itself . Each day has enough trouble of its own . Matthew 6:34 
A new job possibility has revealed itself . I wonder if this is the one God planned for me to have during this time in my life .... 
Lord , please relieve my anticipation for tomorrow's interview . Give me strength and courage to be confident in my abilities . Instill in me a sense of peacefulness knowing that your greater plan is at work . If this is not the door you want me to open , then i pray you will make that evident . Please provide a job for me so that i can help support my husband and not have to struggle financially when i first get married . 
is feeling inadequate 
It's all in His hands . 
Tomorrow is October 1st !... which means we will have entered the month in which i am getting married 0.0 So much to do !!!!!! So insane ! 
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change , courage to change the things I can , and the wisdom to know the difference . 
Psalm 37:7 -9 7 Be still before the LORD and wait patiently for him ; do not fret when men succeed in their ways , when they carry out their wicked schemes . 8 Refrain from anger and turn from wrath ; do not fret—it leads only to evil . 9 For evil men will be 
12 days :) 
1 Timothy 6:9 -10 . People who want to get rich fall into temptation and a trap and into many foolish and harmful desires that plunge men into ruin and destruction . For the love of money is a root of all kinds of evil . Some people , eager for money , have wandered from the faith and pierced themselves with many griefs . 
Philippians 4:19 But my God shall supply all your needs according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus . 
John 15:18 -19 If the world hates you , keep in mind that it hated me first . If you belonged to the world , it would love you as its own . As it is , you do not belong to the world , but I have chosen you out of the world . That is why the world hates you . 
I know what it is to be in need , and I know what it is to have plenty . I have learned the secret of being content in any and every situation , whether well fed or hungry , whether living in plenty or in want . I can do everything through him who gives me strength . Philippians 4:12 -13 
Not feeling well :( sad day . 
Busy busy busy . Less then 3 weeks left ! 
<3 TEN Days <3 
Pretty dang ready ;) 
Freakin stupid jelly face mask crap stuff ! " Make your skin flawless in minutes " ..... yea right > : { Gave me an allergic reaction . Red blotchy face . It burns . Not fun . * sigh * Going to the store first thing in the morning to get some Benadryl to help with the swelling . 
Dear dentist , thanks for taking away all the feeling on the left side of my face . I really enjoy drinking water and watching it drip down my shirt . I had a great time sitting in your chair for 120 minutes while you messed up twice . I like how you didn't give me shaded glasses . I guess you know how much i love bright lights shining in my face . 
Feels very sick . All of a sudden i feel like I'm going to throw up x ( 
is getting married this week ! Oh my gosh !!!!!!! 
We are in the single didgets people !! 9 Days O.O 
6 . Last Church service 
I hate how emotional strain makes me physically sick . 
Doing laundry today so i can pack clothes for the honeymoon . THREE days !!!!!!!!! 
Hurricane Rick ? Are you serious !? Pray it doesn't interfere with honeymoon plans !! 
SORRY FOR THE WIERD POSTS , MY ACCOUNT GOT HACKED . PLEASE IGNORE THEM AND DON'T CLICK ON THE LINKS . 
1.5 hours till interview 0.0 
Hubbo is taking a nap :) Mexico is amazing ! Happy Hour is in 37 minutes . Time to head on down to the swim-up bar ! 
Coming home tomorrow :D Can't wait to see my family ! 
The Fiesta last night was INSANE ! Mexican buffet and a free shot of tequila ! Johnny and i participated in a couples competition where we had to dance for 30 seconds to " La Bamba " and share the most passionate kiss in front of half the people at the resort ! Good times , good times . 
It will be nice when all this planning is done . My brain is fried . Too many details for something i want to be so very simple . 
Going to visit my Grandpa in the Tri-Cities . 
is really clam for how close it is . 
15 days . 
Worked really hard all day to get the house clean and organized . There is still stuff to do , but i started at 7am so i think i will be done now ! So exhausted . Time to cuddle with the husband :) 
One Week Left !!! Last Saturday as a single perseon FOREVER !!! 
Had my first Bridal Shower tonight !! It was so cool ! Thank you Church family for sharing my joy and excitement !! And thank you for all the great gifts ! I love you <3 
Just finished creating the music playlist for the wedding . I must say , it's very interesting . The Mr. and I have totally different taste in music styles :) 
Nails done today , set up is tomorrow , then Staurday ........ :D 
God's timeline is so difficult to understand 
Pretty much like 19 days until i'm a wife . 
Listening to Christmas music 0.0 
11 dayzzzzz 
Woke up a little to late . Lots to do today . But first thing's first ... going to make some freshly-brewed Starbucks coffee in my new coffee maker ............ and add a little caramel apple creamer to it ;) Yummy ! 
How sad is it , that since i'm too lazy to add water to the instant pancake mix , i choose to instead toast two pieces of bread , spread peanut butter and syrup on them , and call it breakfast ? 
Found a candy cane ... I know it's a little too early ... but i'm eating it anyways . 
EiGhT days left . Time to start thinking about packing for the honeymoon :D So Excited !!! 
I Love My Husband !!! :D 
just strained a pretty important arm muscle . Dear swollen tenderness : Please heal before the wedding :( 
I wish it would snow . It's not allowed to be cold outside and not snow ! 
Being sick is boring . I like the occasional day of being lazy in bed , but it gets old really fast , especially when you can't control it . 
Chestnuts roasting on an open fire , Jack Frost nipping at your nose , Yuletide carols being sung by a choir , And folks dressed up like Eskimos ........... 
Engagement dinner tonight :) ... Mmmm Olive Garden bread sticks ! 
I'm MARRIED !!!!! 
Sick :*( 
I love Washington . I especially love Washington in the Fall . 
Brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr . 
I <3 IHop :) 
Screwed up my foot after doing a workout video w/out wearing shoes . Blaa . Silly me :( 
I added a few pics in my new Wedding album for family and friends who are interested . :) 
Trying to decide if chocolate is a blessing or a sin ....... :/ 
Get to see someone today who i haven't seen in a while :) 
About to make fudge :D 
There is always some madness in love . But there is also always some reason in madness . 
Hubbo and I are getting our first Christmas tree as a married couple this weekend :D 
Aww yay ! We have been married for 2 months :D 
Hubbo and I just made our first batch of Christmas sugar cookies as a married couple :) Decorating them was so fun ! They turned out very ... umm , interesting ;) 
Made a bet with the hubbo that i could go pescatarian for 30 days ( starting 01-01-10 ) . What's in it for me .....? Health benefits and an hour body massage if i am successful . Bring it on :) 
Exhausted . I'm going to bed . Sleeping in tomorrow for sure . 
Just finished typing a 7 page recap/testimony of year 2009 . My fingers hurt . 
Starting day 5 . Feeling good . Not missing my little farm dwellers a bit . 
I think it's a bit obsessive that I'm already excited for tomorrow's morning cup of coffee . 
Drinking 3 cups of fullly caffeinated coffe under an hour is NOT a smart idea if you don't want to run around the house compulsively cleaning furniture that is already spotless . I'm just saying . 
Hanging out with a good friend today , then Church tonight .... and consuming lots of caffeine in the middle :) " A mirror reflects a man's face , but what he is really like is shown by the kind of friends he chooses . " - Proverbs 27:19 
is crying herself to sleep tonight 
Terrible headaches for the past 3 days . Might be skipping the morning coffee for a while to see if it's contributing to the problem :( 
Thank you Excedrin® P.M for getting me through last night . Missing my usual morning macchiato . Going to walk to the store to get some groceries . I'm makeing a 1/2 vegetarian pizza for dindin . ( Only half b/c the hubbo loves chicken on his ) :D 
Being productive today :) 
Craving oreos 0.0 
" One day at a time -- this is enough . Do not look back and grieve over the past for it is gone ; and do not be troubled about the future , for it has not yet come . Live in the present , and make it so beautiful it will be worth remembering " YAY ! :) 
No consumption of birds or mammals . Day 1/30 complete . 
Ok , so what would be a good middle name ? Adam ______ Yarringon . [ I know this is thinking ahead :D ] 
Has been up since 7am making her house a home . Still folding piles of tissue paper and trying to sort through all her fiance's new tools and camping gear . 
Feeling a bit weak today . Wishing i didn't feel sick 80% of the time . I think I need to buy a new immune system . 
It's been a week . Going strong . If by the end of the month i feel as good as i do now , i just might transition from pescatarian to vegetarian .... the hubs wouldn't like it , but we will see . 
Things i would like to do this summer : Take an art class at the college , successfully maintain a small garden , camp a lot , make a fun scrapbook of all my 200+ wedding pics 0.0 , and read 5 books . 
<3 Lemon Water <3 
3/30 
You stand in the line just to hit a new low / You're faking a smile with the coffee to go / You tell me your life's been way off line / You're falling to pieces everytime / And I don't need no carryin ' on 
Don't know what to do . Today is day 30/30 of the pescatarian .. ( which became vegetairan ) challenge . Trying to decide if i want to make this a permanent dietary change ... 
Why do i do this to myself ? I stay up late watching psychological thrillers and then i become too disturbed to fall asleep . It's 4 in the freakin morning !! I'm a retard . X/ 
2 Corinthians 4:8 -9 8 . We are hard pressed on every side , but not crushed ; perplexed , but not in despair ; 9 . persecuted , but not abandoned ; struck down , but not destroyed . 
Job Interview on Wednesday ! Please pray for me ! I really need this . 
Well . Half way through the pescetarian challenge . I think for the last 15 days i will skip the meat altogether and follow a vegetarian diet . 
Troubled mind . 
Headache :( 
God , I fail to control my life . I need you to take the reins and direct me . In desperation I ask you to please open doors of opportunity for me and more then anything , help me conquer my overwhelming anxiety . Help me to be a better wife and to have more faith that you will take care of me . Forgive me for being a mechanical Christian . Help me have Joy in my heart . I want to Live , not exist . 
Made Vegetarian stir-fry for dindin . SO good !!! Might have been a bit ' too ' healthy for the hubbo ;) 
Sick 
I got hired . God is good . 
Going to have a ' girls night ' with my sister . Saw VI , Mt . Dew , and Cherry Pull N ' Peel Twizzlers :D Whooo . Going to be up all night from sugarrrrrr overdose , then crash at 4am . 
Grocery shopping today :) 
IDiscovered that eating a mexican veggie burrito as the first meal of the day is NOT a good idea . : x 
Going to buy a Juicer and fruit and ...... well ....... juice ! :) 
Really dislike the new Facebook setup . 
Experiencing some interesting eyeball malfunctions 
Please let tomorrow be better then today :( 
My day has consisted of 3 things : Coffee , wedding scrapbook , and 90's music . Nothing more , nothing less . 
What's on my mind ? Hmmmm , too many things . But anyway ... I'm seeing Avatar tonight . 
Ready for tomorrow to come and go so my mind can rest and i can feel more at ease . 
Ok . so some random person just called me and it sounded like he needed to say something important but i couldn't understand what the crap he was saying .. then the connection was lost . Interesting . Anyways , work doesn't start until 12 today so that's amazing . Went to bed last night at 10pm and woke up at 10am . I still don't feel caught up on my rest . 
Day 1on the job : going well so far . Kiddos are napping . I need a nap too . Got one single hour of sleep last night . Boo . 
God , grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change ; courage to change the things I can ; and wisdom to know the difference . Living one day at a time ; Enjoying one moment at a time ; Accepting hardships as the pathway to peace ......... 
Busy day with the kiddos so far . Spongebob , Wii , pretend restaurant , walk , outdoor treasure hunt , school work , dollar store , Macdonalds , cops and robbers , pirate chest craft , pretend doctor , and Finally Nap time !!! 3 hours to go :) 
Yay for yogurt and Ritz crackers :) 
hates how difficult is it to forget things that happened in the past . 
Whoo ! Now i know how to Salsa !! :) 
I'm never posting a serious question on a message board again ! People are so mean :*( 
God , you have blessed me with a great opportunity . Today as i begin the process of adgusting to this new job , will you please grant me peace . Would you calm my fears and worries and be with me as i take the steps that i tell myself i can't take . You are in control . 
8:30 pm and I'm ready for bed on a Friday night . I blame waking up at 6am and running around the house all day playing nurf wars with a 6 and 3 year old . 
It's nice when the hubbo stays up until 4:30 am playing computer games . It means that i can get up at 8am , steal his cash , get my hair done , and buy a coffee without him even knowing i left ;) hehe . 
Got off early today . Haha . Went shopping , got a coffee , and am waiting for my hubbo to get home so i can cuddle him . 
sleeeeepy -o- 
2 days until Alice In Wonderland :D 
Trying to fight old habits . 
I must say , this week was far better then last week . Now i'm ready to enjoy a relaxing 3-day weekend with the hubbo , and start my new job on Tuesday :) 
I wish it was MY nap time :) 
The bummer thing about a little boy spilling his Starbucks hot coco is not that I had to clean it up , but that the poor kiddo lost his whole drink : whip cream , sprinkles , and all :( 
Praise God for tax returns ! :D 
Today could probably be better .... much better . 
An ok day becomes a GREAT day when you find out you get a 4 day weekend !!!! 
Yay for the sun :) 
Its sucks when dreams are so bad you WANT to get out of bed at 5:30 in the morning . 
Movie tonight with hubbo , friends , and brother :) 
Long day ..... 
New job starts tomorrow . 7:30 - 4:30 
Curse you late night munchies . Curse you . 
Grateful for my day off today . ( Thanking the snow for that one ) And very grateful to have a loving family and a husband who makes up for everything I'm not . 
Have faith in your dreams and someday , Your rainbow will come smiling through . No matter how your heart is grieving , If you keep on believing , the dream that you wish will come true . <3 
When a 4 year old throws up all over you in the middle of a parking lot and the only thoughts in your mind are of the child ( not the fact that you will smell like puke the rest of the day ) you have experienced love . 
Ecclesiastes 5:10 
Whoever loves money never has money enough ; whoever loves wealth is never satisfied with his income . This too is meaningless . 
Matthew 6:31 -33 
“Do not worry then , saying , ‘What will we eat ? ’ or ‘What will we drink ? ’ or ‘What will we wear for clothing ? ’ “For the Gentiles eagerly seek all these things ; for your heavenly Father knows that you need all these things . “But seek first His kingdom and His righteousness , and all these things will be added to you . 
“There is no security on this earth ; there is only opportunity . ” 
I wish i were capable of controlling time . 
" Success in marriage does not come merely through finding the right mate , but through being the right mate . " 
" If you’re going in the wrong direction , God allows u-turns . " 
" Today is the tomorrow we worried about yesterday " 
" Whatever you hold in your mind will tend to occur in your life . If you continue to believe as you have always believed , you will continue to act as you have always acted . If you continue to act as you have always acted , you will continue to get what you have always gotten . If you want different results in your life or your work , all you have to do is change your mind . " 
" It is a glorious thing to know that your Father God makes no mistakes in directing or permitting that which crosses the path of your life . It is the glory of God to conceal a matter . It is our glory to trust Him , no matter what . " 
1 Peter 3:3 -4 ( NIV ) 
" Your beauty should not come from outward adornment , such as elaborate hairstyles and the wearing of gold jewelry or fine clothes . Rather , it should be that of your inner self , the unfading beauty of a gentle and quiet spirit , which is of great worth in God’s sight . " 
" I don't care how poor a man is ; if he has family , he's rich . " 
Praying about some big decisions . 
If God sends you down a stony path , 
may he give you strong shoes . 
" A fear of the unknown keeps a lot of people from leaving bad situations . " 
Ugg . Monday . 
Now i remember why i drink coffee every morning . 
James 1:12 
Blessed is the man who remains steadfast under trial , for when he has stood the test he will receive the crown of life , which God has promised to those who love him . 
I think the 29th should arrive faster so i can feed my Tangled craving :) 
Dinner with Dad tonight :) 
Banana 
So putting coconut creamer in my coffee was a bad idea . It tastes like i'm drinking my shampoo X { Bleck ! 
Feels good to be back into school :) 
Charm is deceitful , and beauty is vain , but a woman who fears the LORD is to be praised . 

Proverbs 31:30 
" No one can make you feel inferior without your consent . " 
Learn from your mistakes 
I actually enjoy doing my homework .... I'm such a weirdo . 
I <3 Saturdays 
Chris Tomlin concert last night ..... amazing and inspirational <3 
56 study questions and 2 quizzes later .... i don't think my mind can take any more math for today . 8 { Off work in an hour and am going to enjoy this sun ... while it lasts :) 
I have high expectations for this week . 
Breathe , Dream , Pray , and Love . 
Today , think about your attitude . How often do you hear yourself complaining ? Do you appreciate the little things ? Can you find positivity even in the midst of despair ? " Life is a shipwreck but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats . " 
Are you burdened by something in your past ? A mistake ? A regret ? Something you said ? Something you didn’t say ? Don’t let your past define you . Dwelling on what has already happened is useless . Learn from your wrongs and focus on making things right . Let go . And forgive yourself . 
“Some of us think holding on makes us strong , but sometimes it is letting go " 
" Practice makes perfect , so be careful what you practice . " 
God gave you a gift of 86,400 seconds today . Have you used one to say " thank you ? " 
Seems like a good morning to make beer bread ..... perhaps the wonderful warm scent of freshly baked dough will awaken my sleeping husband :) 
Summer classes online or on campus ? Or some of both ? 
2 hours till Midterm . Im gunna kick math's butt ! ( Hopefully ) 
" Live today to it's fullest , yesterday is gone and tomorrow might never come . " 
Anybody know of anyone who would be interested in a full-time childcare job ? 
Friday please come faster . 
Psalm 34:17 -18 
When the righteous cry for help , the Lord hears and delivers them out of all their troubles . The Lord is near to the brokenhearted and saves the crushed in spirit . 
" In three words i can sum up everything I've learned about life : It goes on . " 
Wants to lay in bed , read , and drink coffee ... too bad it's Wednesday . At least we're half way to the weekend ! :) 
Glee gave me mixed feelings . 
Is being entertained by her husband attempting to make cookies all by himself :) 
" Life is like a mirror , we get the best results when we smile at it . " 
It's an amazing feeling when you realize that your dream life isn't to far from the reality you're living <3 
" I'll see you in another life brotha ! " 
First married camping trip = fail . Lol . Forgot a lighter and our new chairs ! Hubbo forgot his Pj's and basically got hypothermia . Our fire wouldn't burn b/c the wood was damp , and we didn't bring any games so we sat there laughing at how newbish we are at camping . But good times :) A learning experience and something to laugh at in the future . 
Please pray . I desperately need some good sleep . If my condition doesn't improve by morning i will be going to the hospital . I'm scared :( 
Ear infection ? :( Idk . It just hurts . 
Watching 5 kids is WAY different then watching just 2 ... 
About to brew my second cup of coffee . I'm actually excited to go back to work tomorrow . It's been a weird weekend ... 
needs to hold on for 90 more minutes . 
Probably going to a doctor today . I feel weird . 
This week's Glee episode made me feel uncomfortable . 
Feeling so bad today . So sick . So tired . Can't do kids today . can't do 9 hours of kids :( 
Dear pain : I do not appreciate you pretending to go away then coming back . 
* sigh*Long day 
Went to bed at 9pm last night . Woke up sick 3 hours later at 12am . Have been in such excruciating pain ever since that i've not gone back to sleep . I did not expect to spend Easter weekend curled up on the bathroom floor . Fail . 
The hubbo and I are going on our first Married camping trip !!! So excited :D Got our little tent and camping chairs ! Bringing LOTS of blankets ! 
Insomnia is stupid . x_x 
breathing ......... 
cramping is less frequent . Feel very sore and worn out . But i think the situation is improving . I woke up starving because i couldn't eat yesterday . The hubbo made me bunny pancakes <3 Going to try to go to church this morning , then rest . The heating pad will be my best friend . 
3 hours of work left , then its time to clean the fishtank , do the laundry , make dinner , do the dishes , exercise , shower , and spend time with my best friend :) 
3 down , 2 to go . 
Is blessed to work for someone that cares about her and gives her 2 days off to rest ..... lets hope things are better by tomorrow . Thanks to everyone for your prayers and concern these past few days <3 
Woke up this morning and DIDNT want coffee ! What's wrong with me ?! 
This weather is pissing me off ! 
Today is better :) 
Come on week ... are you kidding me ! Improve right now !... please 
Back to work . 6am is too early to wake up . 
Learned the true importance of having ' girl time ' . 
OMG . i seriously just finished a 782pg book !!! First book ive actually finished since High school ! I'm so proud of myself :D <3 <3 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes guys ! :) 
Hot cocoa = <3 
Had an amazing time with my husband tonight ;) 
Up and ready to go by 6:40 am ... now that's just not right . 
never felt pain like this in my whole life . 
So the doctor said to just rest . wtf . You don't go through pain like this randomly for no reason . But i suppose he couldn't diagnose me . Now I'm in pain and pissed off . 
Had a super amazing weekend with her husband ! <3 <3 <3 
World of Warcraft needs to die . 
Enjoying the weekend with my hubbo :) 
weird night . 
Got screwed over by trail mix . 
Ok . Pretty much anemic , but pain is almost gone ! Finally . Thanks for the support guys . It was a pretty scary weekend . 
Lots of people i know are either pregnant or already have kids . I keep having to remind myself that i just got married 6 months ago and that I need to wait a few years before i get too excited about having a baby . Hehe :) 
Off work early due to sickness . Time to get back into bed & sip on a warm beverage . 
3 years ago on this day , Johnny and i started dating . Look at us now , almost married a year and closer then ever :) I love my husband <3 
Is cleaning Easy Mac off the floor . 
2 days left until my week vacation !!!! <3 
0__0 
Feeling tired today . Did karaoke for over an hour last night so my throat is messed up . Worth it . 
Running and swimming tonight with the hubbo . 
I should probably work out , but i feel like eating chocolate instead ... :) 
Dislikes when life is black & white . Either everything is great , or everything sucks . Why does the happy-medium seem so rare ? Freakin makes me mad >:( 
Working a 17 hour day really makes an induvidual , such as myself , truly appreciate the weekend . 
Romans 12:12 
Be joyful in hope , patient in affliction , faithful in prayer . 
Going to a baby shower today with Mea !!! 
Absolutely adore Naked protein juice smoothies !! :D 
Excited to get an iced coffee and walk around the C . lake tonight with the hubbo <3 
1 John 4:18 
There is no fear in love , but perfect love casts out fear . For fear has to do with punishment , and whoever fears has not been perfected in love . 
“Nobody can go back and start a new beginning , but anyone can start today and make a new ending . ” 
3-day weekend come faster ! :) 
" Hope is the thing with feathers 
That perches in the soul , 
And sings the tune -- without the words , 
And never stops at all " 
Starting out the day with some hot cocoa <3 
Romans 3:23 
for all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God ... 
Is it 5:00 yet ? 
" Failures are divided into two classes - those who thought and never did , and those who did and never thought . " 
20 yrs old in one week ! :D 
So glad tomorrow is Friday ! Pumpkin Patch on Saturday with the hubbo ! Yay ! 
Cup Noodles vs Top Ramen ??? 
Hebrews 13:5 
Keep your lives free from the love of money and be content with what you have , because God has said , “Never will I leave you ; never will I forsake you . ” 
Well , this weekend seemed pointless . 
Despite my Monday morning , this week is turning out to be splendid : It's sunny , my work schedule is awesome , my friend is freakin pregnant :D , i finally found motivation to hit the gym , and i have new recording equipment coming my way ! Whoo ... Praise the Lord for weeks like this . 
Feeling sluggish 
I wish every weekend was 3 days <3 <3 <3 
Working 10 hours today vs the usual 9 . * sigh * Tired + sick + work = stupidness . 
Ahh November . A new month . A fresh start . 
Interview tonight . Hopefully going to get me some more kiddos to watch through the summer since the hubbo needs to cut his hours for his CNA class . 
“I can't change the direction of the wind , but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination . ” 
Fall work schedule starts tomorrow :D 
Weekend i <3 you . 
Lost season finale = Fail :( 
Monday : Hair dryer burnt out . It's going to be one of thoes days :/ 
Well , i enjoyed my 4 days of feeling well . Now I'm sick again . Can't wait to move out of this apartment with it's stupid moldy windows . 
Ok week , today is your last chance , if you have anything else you would like to throw at me , go at it . Cuz tomorrow is the weekend and im not putting up with your crap ! 
" It was the best of times , it was the worst of times " ... nope , it was just the worst of times . 
Glee was poop this week :( 
Had to go to work early so i make myself a cup of coffee at home and it sucked . I decide to go to Starbucks instead and order a Caramel macchiato . Upon my first sip i realized i was given hot watery milk . Screw this morning . 
Got home from work , fell on my bed and slept for several hours . Felt good , but i still feel crummy .... curses ! Thankfully it's Friday . 
Its only 1:30 on Monday ..... * sigh * at least its sunny . 
I love to walk around in neighborhoods filled with $ 350,000 -$ 400,000 houses and dream .... then again , its kind of depressing . Lol . One day .... one day .. ;) 
This week probably couldn't be any slower . 
It's been a rough day . But i didn't cry ! So i win this round . Kim : 2 
Week : 2 . Friday is the tie breaker . Working till 8pm tomorrow night :/ I can do 
this ..............? 
Going on a journey for the next month . Time to shed some newlywed lbs :) 
This week WILL be better :) 
Finished book 3 ! On to book 4 tonight :) > 
Book 4 done . On to book 5 ! 
<3 cough drops . 
Round 2 
You'd think by now , after a few fractured toes , an almost broken nose , countless sprained ankles , and now a torn muscle in my back , i would have learned that freestyle dancing in my living room is not a good idea for me . oh jeeze . 
Sundays are lovely <3 
Feeling very mellow today . This is a good thing . 
When love is lost , do not bow your head in sadness ; instead keep your head up high and gaze into heaven for that is where your broken heart has been sent to heal . 
Well , last day of vacation . Poop . But Im so glad for the time i had off :) 
Yay ! Twilight movie in 2 days ! Go ahead and make fun of me .. lol 
Its a good thing i still can't bend my finger after a week of it being swollen with no known cause . I mean , who wouldn't want to wear a finger splint ? >:{ 
3.5 hours to go . 
really just wants to get back into bed . 7 1/2 hours to go :/ 
Going to be watching 5 kids Wed-Friday . Any fun activity ideas that are free and not extremely messy ? ;) 
My dream situation : to be laying on my couch with my husband , reading , sipping on a chai latte , listening to soft meditation music while its raining outside and the house is full with the scent of Fall spices . * sigh * If only ........ 
Wow . I'm pathetic . My husband got a needle poked in his arm and I almost passed out . 
Yay for Friday !!!! 
week 3 . 
Done with book 5 . EEEkkk ! So excited for book 6 ! Sissy says some really intense stuff happens ! 
Disciplining kids is so hard sometimes :( Especially when they aren't your own and you know you're going to have to tell their mom & dad about the misbehaving and the kiddo will prbably get a harsher punishment from the parents :( 
full of pancakes . 
Romans 12:2 
Do not conform to the pattern of this world , but be transformed by the renewing of your mind . Then you will be able to test and approve what God’s will is—his good , pleasing and perfect will . 
Week 2 begins . 
Oh weekend i LOVE you sooooo much !!!!!!! 
Miss my husband :( 
Left over b-day cake for dinner ? I think so . Haha :D 
I <3 my family 
Omg peppermint mocha i <3 you 
Going to my cousin's wedding today :D Omg so excited ! I just love weddings <3 :) 
Probably one of the worst days at work i've had in a long time . 
Feeling kind of ill , but in a good mood , for now :) 
Missing my grandpa today . 
So fortunate to get a pay raise during the summer . It will be nice to have the money we need to pay for Johnny's CNA training . 
Day off tomorrow :D 
I love the smell of Christmas trees :P 
8:30 and i'm ready for bed . Lets get this week over with . Just one more day !! 
Barely making it through today . Just barely .. 
Had a severe and painful reaction to cheddar cheese :/ Wont be eating any more of that i suppose . Anyways .. tired and so not ready for another day with 5 kids . But ready or not , here it comes . 
I love Johnny 
The way to get through life is to just keep going . 
Loves it when the kids play well together , especially when there are 5 of them . Makes my job SO much easier ! 
Just b/c you're married , doesn't mean you should stop dating each other . I had the most amazing date with my husband last night . Dinner and a walk downtown Oly by the water . <3 <3 <3 
Now this is my kind of weather ! 
Grandpa went home to be with God this morning . I'm glad he is no longer in pain . I have so many amazing memories of him . He will be missed so much . <3 
Making some important life decisions . 
Heading to the Tri-Cities tonight for Grandpa's memorial service . 
One year ago today i married the love of my life . He is my shoulder to cry on , my security , my joy . He tells me I'm beautiful everyday even when i look like crap . He is my inspiration and my motivation . We laugh together , and are a team during tough times . I can't believe how blessed i am to have such an amazing husband . I love you more then this silly post can express , Johnny . Happy Anniversary <3 
Didn't have to go to work this morning until 10 :) This week is awesome ! And Tomorrow is Friday ! 
4 hours of sleep last night . Probably going to need some of that coffee =) 
Got back from sister's birthday camping trip at 11:30 pm last night . Hubbo left at 6am this morning for a three day hike with his friends . I miss him already . 
I don't like this heat . Is it Fall yet ? 
This is LOVE MY SISTER week ! If you have a sister who has made you laugh , 
wiped your tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , 
cheered you on and kept you strong , copy and paste this to your status . 
Sisters are a promise that we will have the best friend you could ever 
... ask for , forever ! There is no stronger bond . 
This is the first day in weeks where i have absolutely nothing planned . It feels soooo good . Im just going to stay in my pj's all day , drink cocoa , and enjoy being with my husband in our cozy Christmas-decorated home :) Thank you God for blessing me with this relaxing day ! 
Romans 8:18 
I consider that our present sufferings are not worth comparing with the glory that will be revealed in us . 
Sugar high . Going to be up all night . Note to self : chocolate cannot be consumed in large quantities at 10pm . 
Got a second job ... well ... more or less . 
Having an amazing weekend !!! 
Feeling pretty dang crappy . Ahh poop ! 
Slow week . 
pray . Tuesday is hitting hard . 4 kids from 7:30 am- 6:30 pm . No power . it's going to be tricky . 
Too much lemon ..... : x 
Welcoming September with a PSL from Starbucks <3 Can't wait to get my Fall box out this weekend and decorate my house in autumn colors ! been waiting all summer for this moment :) 
1 John 4 
Beloved , do not believe every spirit , but test the spirits to see whether they are from God , for many false prophets have gone out into the world . 
Today is the worst :( 
I absolutely LOVE sleeping in ! 
Warm fuzzy socks :) 
John 16:33 
" I have said these things to you , that in me you may have peace . In the world you will have tribulation . But take heart ; I have overcome the world . ” 
I can tell this week is gunna go by way too fast . 
Romans 8:38 -39 
For I am sure that neither death nor life , nor angels nor rulers , nor things present nor things to come , nor powers , nor height nor depth , nor anything else in all creation , will be able to separate us from the love of God in Christ Jesus our Lord . 
I'm too impatient . Christmas decorations go up tonight !! :) 
Officially on Christmas break :) 
Dear Monday , go away . 
So i wake up late , drop everything i pick up b/c of my stupid fat finger split , start driving to work , hit a freaking deer , spill coffee all over the inside of my car , and now have stained clothes . Oh , and it happens to be a bad hair day as well . I though Monday was supposed to be the hardest day of the week >:( 
SOoooooo excited for the Tri-Cities !! 8 hours !! 
You know those mornings when you wake up and you know the day is going to suck ?..... well ... that's today . 30 min down , 9 to go . Poopinmymouth : x 
God , 
I can't do today alone . 
Be my strength . 
Psalm 118:24 
This is the day the Lord has made ; let us rejoice and be glad in it ! 
So ... the week could go by faster .. i mean , if it really wanted to ... 
1 Corinthians 6:19 -20 
Do you not know that your bodies are temples of the Holy Spirit , who is in you , whom you have received from God ? You are not your own ; you were bought at a price . Therefore honor God with your bodies . 
1 Corinthians 10:13 
No temptation has seized you except what is common to man . And God is faithful ; he will not let you be tempted beyond what you can bear . But when you are tempted , he will also provide a way out so that you can stand up under it . 
i neep a nap 
It's hard to be strong for the people you love when you feel weak yourself . I suppose that's where God comes in . 
Spent over an hour scrubbin our bathtub and now it freakin sparkles . Take that soap scum !! 
James 1:19 -20 
My dear brothers and sisters , take note of this : Everyone should be quick to listen , slow to speak and slow to become angry , because human anger does not produce the righteousness that God desires . 
Thanks to my sister , Im now addicted the the House of Night series . Started book one on Sunday afternoon , and am now 50 pages into book two . Coming from someone who doesn't read a lot , that's pretty amazing :) 
MMmmm dark chocolate orange .. reminds me of the holidays : ) 
Today was Hell personified . I was so emotionally and physically drained after working 11 hours , that by the time i got off work and got out of my car to go inside my house , i just puked . Right there . Next to my car . Then i continued on , and went inside the house . 
3 days and im off to the Tri-Cities . 
Wow . This snow is really making things crazy ! But it sure is beautiful :) 
so far , today is ok ... but mostly because it's Friday ! 
It feels good to cry sometimes ... just let it all out . Very refreshing . 
Made it through another day . 
Pumpkin spice coffee on a Friday morning :D 
Needs more then 6 hours of sleep each night 
I wish i could do today differently . Oh well , there's always tomorrow ....? 
I'm way too excited for Thanksgiving !!! ... mostly because it starts a 4 day weekend ! 
A swollen finger with a sore joint ? What does this mean ? 
I never used to believe in the saying " live for today " . But i realized that if you always live for the future , you are going to look back on life and see that you never really lived at all . It's great to set goals , but if working to achieve those goals takes away daily joy , then perhaps your goals are not worth reaching . ( speaking to myself ) 
Im going to conquer this week one day at a time . Challenger #1 : Monday . 
So .. i pretty much stubbed my little toe on the couch . It's insanely purple . 
I don't rock the Christian station that often , but i was flippin through the radio and heard Sanctus Real- Lead Me . It brought me to tears . 
Today is randomly emotional . I keep crying out of nowhere for no reason . It's kind of annoying . 
2pm already !? Wow . i love days when time goes by fast . :) 
Had the most amazing day yesterday and thought the main celebration was over . But when i got in my car this morning to go to work , there was a beautiful bouquet of Lillies sitting in the front seat . <3 <3 <3 I am so blessed . 
Sisters function as safety nets in a chaotic world simply by being there for each other . 
:*( 
Death is probably one of the toughest things to comprehend . 
The weather today fits my mood . 
Tuesdays are annoying . 
sweet . My car wont start . 
2 Corinthians 6:4 -6 
but as servants of God we commend ourselves in every way : by great endurance , in afflictions , hardships , calamities , beatings , imprisonments , riots , labors , sleepless nights , hunger ; by purity , knowledge , patience , kindness , the Holy Spirit , genuine love ; 
Well , Wednesday punched me in the face . Today is challenger # 4 . Thursday . And i expect it to hurt b/c it's first move is an 11 hour work day . 
Galatians 2:20 
I have been crucified with Christ and I no longer live , but Christ lives in me . The life I now live in the body , I live by faith in the Son of God , who loved me and gave himself for me . 
I want to be excited about the snow . But the more it snows , the tougher my job is :( conflicted much ? I think so . 
“Courage doesn't always roar . Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying , " I will try again tomorrow . ” 
Jeremiah 29:11 
" For I know the plans I have for you , " says the LORD . " They are plans for good and not for disaster , to give you a future and a hope . 
" A peacefulness follows any decision , even the wrong one . " 
I am feeling very blessed . 
2 more days :) 
1 Corinthians 13:12 
Now we see things imperfectly as in a cloudy mirror , but then we will see everything with perfect clarity . All that I know now is partial and incomplete , but then I will know everything completely , just as God now knows me completely . 
It's nice how a Christmas tree can make your day merry and bright :D 
Proverbs 3:5 -6 
Trust in the LORD with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding ; in all your ways submit to him , and he will make your paths straight . 
Psalm 23:4 
Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death , I will fear no evil , for you are with me ; your rod and your staff , they comfort me . 
One day at a time ..... one moment at a time . 
There have been days far , far worse then this one . And there have been days much , much greater . 
Ephesians 4:2 
... with all humility and gentleness , with patience , bearing with one another in love ,. 
1 Corinthians 13:4 
Love is patient and kind ; love does not envy or boast ; it is not arrogant ... 
No sleep last night . Sometimes i wish i could shut my mind off . 
1 Peter 5:7 
Cast all your anxiety on him because he cares for you . 
Psalm 139:14 
I praise you , for I am fearfully and wonderfully made . 
Wonderful are your works ; 
my soul knows it very well . 
If God is for us , who can be against us ... 
Philippians 4:19 
And my God will supply every need of yours according to his riches in glory in Christ Jesus . 
Philippians 4:7 
And the peace of God , which surpasses all understanding , will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus . <3 <3 <3 
I'm going to state the obvious : Tomorrow is Friday !!!!!!! 
