is in the Philippines . 
hey just because I said I'm going to major in Nursing , doesn't mean that I actually WANT to ( I want to major in Music ) . I'm only doing it for " financial stability " , aka the safer , sugarcoated way of saying " doing it only for the money " . But hey , I do need 
q 
wants to put a paper bag of shame on her head after receiving her AP scores . 
North Korea must have read George Orwell's 1984 lawl 
is watching Filipino dubs of Korean dramas . 
came back from the Philippines on July 7 
was SO CLOSE to going to San Diego Comic Con ... but unfortunately couldn't go :/ 
newest pet peeve is dealing with annoying counselors , phone calls and whatnot that have to do with the colleges getting my application or whatever papers wrong . it's like LVA-first-3-weeks-of-senior-year ( actually two months -- because the counselors back t 
wow a lot of people are actually gonna go see the midnight premier of harry potter XD 
doesn't understand why Draco Malfoy was in a suit ALL of the time during Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince ... even inside school grounds ! 
is excited to see the premier of Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince ... it's about time the fandom came back ! 
wishes she had Mr. Gorman's AP U.S History packets ... it would make my life easier . oh well , at least I still have my AP Government ones ... I think . 
why must everyone be at UNLV ? :/ 
most of the people in my med . term . group so far seem to be of ... like , Q-sensei's , Lee-sensei's , and Mr. Dokken's age ... yeah . ? ____ ? 
online classes are boring . 
I'm sorry folks but .... I don't like most of George Gershwin's compositions . 
Army ROTC : to join or not to join ? 
Biology teacher reminds me of Mr. Keller ....? _ ?. ? ________ ?. ? _____________________ ? 
just the other day I saw this kid , probably in his preteens or early teens , walking around with a HUGE pompadour hairdo , and looked as though he came straight out of a high school edition of Grease . lol 
whatever happened to my AP scores ??? I want my credit . I got a 3 on my AP studio art portfolio . I should at least get something for it ?? 
feels like her classes has been like Mr. Kline's so far ... yeah . and wishes that she would have taken Anatomy class back at LVA , just cuz . and it would give me some credits too . 
The devil hates me . He really hates me and doesn't want me to succeed in anything . That's why I EPIC FAIL at life . 
I have an epiphany : I saw the forest for the trees , but not the trees for the forest . 
Does anyone here know how much LVA band and orchestra tickets usually cost ? 
had a feeling that she would get another Mr. Kline-like history teacher ... 
* sigh * should have taken Political Science 101 instead of U.S. History 101 ... I'm really missing some Mr. Dokken-style lectures right now D: 
today I was going over my Medical Terminology textbook , and today's chapter was on mental and behavorial health . It talked about the Rorschach test a bit , and I couldn't help but think of Rorschach from Watchmen XD 
suddenly became cold in Vegas , so I had trouble sleeping fully for 2 nights now becuase of the severe lack of heat . 
Mozart's Requiem is making me " lacrimosa " ( pun intended ) . 
US History 101 was like going to hell and back , what with my history teacher reminding me of Mr. Kline . D: Bio is almost a joke , like a watered-down version of AP Bio . My Bio teacher reminds me of Mr. Keller both in looks and acts . Then next year I'll have to take 3 English classes at once . It will be like being in Ms. Hampton's class , haha . Someone plz lend me that AP English shirt that has Ms. Hampton's face on it . 
The upside to being an Intuitive-type person is seeing the big picture and understand abstract , theoretical ideas . The downside to being an Intuitive-type person is missing out on the details and having a disinterest in the concrete , factual statements 
Manny Pacquiao vs . Miguel Catton boxing fight : winner is Pacquiao !!!!!! 
hates her college life . I feel like a 35-year old who has to take online classes due to taking care of 3 kids and and having a full-time job Except I'm not 35 , have no kids and no job yet . Please let me experience college life the way that an ACTUAL freshman should ! Let me dorm ! Let me join clubs ! Let me watch college sports ! Let me rush into a sorority ! Let me get involved in campus life ! I'm so transferring to UNLV 
Going to Disneyland and other parts of Cali for two days ! 
back from Disneyland ! 
Supporting the troops in Iraq ? I've always wondered . I cannot completely support all of them , for some of their actions seem contradictory . An artcle in a newspaper -- about a group of soldiers gang-raping an innocent Iraqi CHILD -- then blasting her head to pieces with a rifle , killing her parents and setting her house on fire -- did she ever took away our cherished freedom ? So are the banes of American Exceptionalism . 
epic flashmob alumni meet-up @ LVA was epic failure ! we got separated by a shooting that happened near the school ( watch it on the news tonight ) and so Dyron , Jennalee , Cazeloo , Stacy , and I got stuck in Q-sensei's class for 3 long hours !!! 
black 
is there anyone here that has joined any sort of club at CSN ? did anyone join Key Club/Kiwanis/Circle K/whatever ? I wanna know if there's one at the Cheyenne campus , what day , what time , etc . thanks . 
A very long winter break can give off that feeling of not wanting to go back to school . 
wow , I just checked my e-mail and received a letter from Mr. Diamond ... really now ? It's about LVA holding a shoe drive for the Haiti crisis . 
I wish college lockers . My room is starting to get crowded with huge stacks of textbooks occpuying large amounts of space in my room . 
okay college kids . If your college/dorm diet consists of the stereotypical ramen noodles , at least dine on it in a more aesthetic manner ! Go drag yourself to Chinatown and get some authentic noodles at a Japanese restaurant there . authentic > than that cheap crap called " cup ramen " . Plus authentic noodles have more veggies in them too . 
used to not like Utada's recent English album , " This is the One " , but after repeat listenings to it , it started to grow on me . Merry Christmas Mr. Lawrence - FYI ?????????????????????? 
crap ! 202-747-7314 from the Washington DC area keeps on ringing my phone today . No other person on the line answering though ... just ... dead air . wtf . I thought you want my opnions for your poll ? Leave me ALONE !!!! If its political , you really don't want to hear what I think of you right now . 
has a Ms. Parlak-like Anatomy & Physiology teacher ... 
Mr. Dokken : how is college so far , good ? Yes ( internal voice : No . It's not how I envisioned college to be ; doesn't go by my ideals . You know , that perfect college experience that high school counselors talk about . I would describe it , but I've already been too idealist about it that some people don't completely understand my intent . If you're enjoying college so far , then you should know what those ideals are ) . 
Sparknotes and Cliffnotes , to the rescue ! 
doesn't see too many scene kids anymore , especially in college . That's a good thing . 
? FYI , we kept Utada up all night , the fans went ooooooh ' aaaaah ~ ! ? hahaha good concert night it was ! I wished I caught a Kuma baseball though , and that Hikki would sing ????? :\ 
Is thinking about sending possible spam e-mail to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue whenever a suspicious offers website asks me for my address . The offer is also asking me to put my full name in , so I'll have to use one of Obama's daughter's name . Hey , she gets some free college info and college soliciting from the University of Phoenix that I don't need anymore ! 
Someone at that Utada concert kept shouting for her to sing , " ????? " during the breaks . but if you look at it the other way he's literally saying , " I'M A BEAR !! I'M A BEAAAAAAR !!!! " rofl xD 
The upside to being a Judging-type person is meeting deadlines and doing well-thought planning . The downside to a Judger is close-mindedness and inflexibility . The upside to being a Perceiving-type person is flexibility and gathering the best information possible before making a decision . The downside to a Perceiver is that this information gathering may lead to procrastination and missed deadlines . 
everyone's college life seems to be miserable so far . One of my NU friends gets a low grade on her Physics test , my UNLV friend is struggling with history , my two CSN friends need to retake calculus before transferring to UNLV , PSU friend has no friends ... freshman year sucks much ? I went through another epic fail mode too . oh and then there's also the dreaded " Freshman 15 " . 
pissed off she missed the meteor shower last night ! Oh well , as if I would have been ever to see it under Vegas lights , and as if my mom would ever let me drove out to Red Rock late at night just to see it .... * sigh * 
how many times have I heard " Oh Canada " in the Olympics games these past 2 weeks ... now it's stuck in my head . 
the Koreans are really hating the Olympics speed skating events , especially if Apolo Ohno's in it , lol 
FERPA doesn't really apply to me if I have my dad taking the same online class as I am . Which means he gets to check my work ... ugh . I hate it . Stupid criticisms . My teacher said to be really expressive and honest , and I just followed what he said . But dad doesn't like my negative opinion because he thinks I'll get a bad grade for it . So much for being honest . 
Hey did you guys hear ? A parent filed a lawsuit against Green Valley high school for showcasing The Laramie Project for their 2009-2010 theatre season because of its " mature topic of acceptance being too much to handle for teens " . Now didn't LVA do The Laramie Project 5-6 years ago ? 
Avril Lavigne to be at the Olympic closing ceremony again !? She was there back in the Torino 2006 closing ceremony 
yeahhh Shaun White tonight on Jay Leno ! 
Why is everyone ( especially you Zama American High School -Japan- kids ) going to Florida for Spring break ?? whats going on , the opening of Harry Potter theme park ? 
I missed the Oscars again . 8 ( 
Olympic figure skaters : please stop using " Requiem of a Dream " as you background music over and over again . Yes it's a great piece of musical composition , but it's OVERRATED p.s. I can't get enough of snowboarder Shaun White , hahaha 
I HATE ENGRISH 
SNAP I WAN TO GO TO THE MAGICAL WORLD OF HARRY POTTER IN UNIVERSAL ORLANDO 
Is there anyone here that's planning on seeing West Side Story at LVA on Friday ? 
someone at church choir today asked me to insert an ' innuendo ' on the music sheet . I asked him if he knew what that word truly means . He said no . I looked around and asked the rest of the choir . They didn't know either . Keep in mind , the person that asked was in his senior year of high school ; the next person I asked is an underclassman . I am appalled . folks , this is something you should have learned in high school . 
I forgot that today is Daylight Saving Time . .___. 
today is the ides of March . BEWARE THE IDES OF MARCH ! 
what's up with everyone having baby pictures as their profile pics ? 
Chem class is not ' omoshiroi ' . 
So this Physics professor walks into my Psychology of Sex class during a lecture on Freud's penis envy theory . Hilarity ensues . 
The only reason I would ever want a child is to make my parents happy . 
is thank God the brightness control on my newly installed Linux Ubuntu OS - netbook edition finally works ! 
is Post to : facebook , twitter ... 
I'm not surez about that medical illustration stuff Ms. Mabel yaps to me about . The field is very competitive ; there are only 5 schools in the country that offer a Master's degree in Med . Illustr . Sure , I have an edge from taking advanced high school art for 4 years & by currenty taking years of medical hell . But I got a C+ in Anatomy & Physiology I . * ORZ * I'd rather deal w/the human psyche than the human body anyday 
I hate it when parents take my pictures instead of me or a professional photographer , because I always end up looking crappy . 
uggh why can't Rememberance Day weekend be all four days like back in grade school ? stupid uni , now I have to go back to school tomorrow . Dx 
Haha I blocked my parents from looking at my face book wall . 
SHAKING AND CRYING TEARS OF JOY FOR SPAIN 
I pity those who didn't catch on that the movie , Inception , IS speculative fiction ; it's supposed to leave you all lost and speculative about things at the end , whether the dreams really were dreams or a reality . it's supposed to get you on to discussing theories , a la Kingdom Hearts -style . but ahh , what to expect from simple people who favor 300 over such an in-depth movie such as this ? 
????????????????????????????????????????????????????? 
Summer classes ended today . No more math , foo's and suckas ( at least for now) !!! Best math teacher I ever had in a long time . 
Dianne Marquez should go check out my answer for the formspring question about Jennalee Bauman . it's on my facebook wall XD 
I see a lot of people posting stories of procrastination on their news feed . 
What i hate about Disneyland is how soccer moms NEVER stop their strollers for other pedestrians . Talk about getting stroller rage . 
Is at Disneyland . 
/STRUT STRUT STRUT 
West Side Story is SOLD OUT !? NoooOOoooOoooo 
I think the only type of life science course I can stand is anything that does not have to do with the human body . 
You know what , I think out of all the Final Fantasy Cosplay far , Final Fantasy XIII & Final Fantasy versus XIII seem the easiest to pull off . Because I have seen waaaaaaaaaaaay too many people pull off some amazing Noctis , Lightning , and Vanille cosplays . 
To join or not to join a sorority ? I know some people here are in one . Please tell me how it is like . Thanks 
I kinda miss being able to actually sleep in class ... too bad all of my professors have been interesting so far . 
wtf I didn't know Miss Universe was today . ._____. I can't believe I missed it . But then again I had night class . 
Disney princesses , from MOST to LEAST Mary Sue-ish : Snow White , Aurora , Cinderella , Jasmine , Belle , Ariel , Pocahontas , Mulan , Tiana 
I really want to draw , but uggghhas ; dklfj ; laskdfjsa ; dflkj college homework . ngggggh ~ 
You know what's sad ? Most of my campus classmates so far have been oldies . They keep on babbling about how they have to work while going to school , how they're back in college for the second time to get a degree in a higher-paying job , how they yap about their 2-year old or 5-year old ... WTF , where are all the 17-19 year olds !? does not feel like college so much 
needs to start listening to some K-pop . any recommendations ( NO Wonder Girls PLZ) !? 
PLZ DO NOT BOTHER ME WHENEVER I PLAY KINGDOM HEARTS : BIRTH BY SLEEP . KTHXBAI ~ 
thinking about switching to Psychology ... meh . i think i'd rather just go back to being " Undecided " . 
OM NOM NOM NOM 
physics professors should not teach math . 
meh I prefer the social sciences over the natural science . Perhaps my least favorite natural science subject so far is anatomy & physiology . 
" You're fooling yourself . " 
?????? 
ONLY 2 MORE DAYS UNTIL THE RELEASE OF KINGDOM HEARTS : BIRTH BY SLEEP UWAAAAA ( ; A ;) 
Night classes FTW ?? 
YO , CURRENT & FORMER STUDENTS OF MS . MABEL AND MS . TREAT : Do any of you still have that packet that contains instructions guidelines for the " four-skin exercise " ???? 
I can't believe The Twilight Saga : Eclipse made more money worldwide than Inception did . >_> 
watched the film adaption of George Orwell's " 1984 " last night . My verdict ? Hmm ... " good plusungood " ( no official Newspeak word for " mediocre " ? ) . The scene in the woods ( you know , the delibrate " sexcrime " that Julia and Winston enacted ) was a bit corny . 
ESPAÑA GANA ! 
I knew I should have taken Ms. Johnston's AP English class instead of Ms. Miller's busywork class so that I don't have to sit here and write a bunch of BS essays for ENG 101 and 102 . 
So cool , I get to do art activities for my occupational therapy classes . Will totally use my former art major skillz to blow everyone else's self-exploration collages and occupational timeline pictorials out of the water . I'm so glad I changed my major from nursing to occupational therapy . I'm loving all of the psychology stuff so far . 
I can't believe it . I still can't believe it . I love both teams so much but man , Germany lost to Spain ... there goes my bet ... 
I hate professors who treat their 101 classes as if they were 400-level classes . 
Finals are over . 
everyone's all watching Glee now . 
????????????? 
test test test 
Never date a Lohan guy . 
I see all ya'll trying to pull all-nighters tonight . 
All this time ... up until now , those pipe dreams about my future ... I feel so disillusioned . Real world , how cruel you are . 
I miss watching Sailor Moon . :( 
Did dad just put in a Miley Cyrus Christmas CD in the car's music player !? WTF !? Truly a nightmare before Christmas . 
Dew Tour : Shaun White is 1st place !!! 
Needs to find someone to go see Apocalyptica w/Dir en grey next month @ House of Blues - Las Vegas . Apocalyptica has been here twice ; I missed both concerts . Diru has been here once , but I missed that , too . Hopefully , someone can give me a ride going to & from the concert . ??????? Although I am more excited to see Apocalyptica than Diru , so ... Olen niin innoissani ! 
I see all ya'll are REALLY pulling all-nighers tonight . My status page is flooded with nothing but last-minute , BSed assignments and various late night study session stories . s'yah , let's start and all-nighter party yes ? I won't be sleeping until 6am . 
I know you blocked me from viewing your facebook Wall . You know who you are , ??????? ????? 
" I need your love , I'm a broken rose ... " 
I ... I GOT A 50/50 ON MY PSYCH 434 PROJECT . BUWAAAH HOW CAN THIS BE !? I MESSED UP MY APA FORMATTING FOR MY REFERENCE PAGE , I MESSED UP SOME CITATIONS . I DID THIS PROJECT THE LAST MINUTE , AND I GET A PERFECT SCORE . ??????????? ??? ??? ?? ´A ?? ?? ; A ; ? 
It's quite dampening on the spirit to have to constantly hear ? and ? ' s criticisms . Sometimes I wish I could just run away from them , because it drives me insane . 
my math professor is letting us out early just so we can watch the FIFA World Cup . how amazing is that !? 
Had only on week of summer break . D: Started sophomore year this week . No classes on Fridays though , so that's good I guess . 
hey Japan military brats , remember Space Available travel , ya know , those military flights ? Or how some people like to call it , " Mac Flights " ? I was reading a National Guard booklet , and it mentioned that . It brought me back to the days where I had to go on a ghetto military plane from Japan to Singapore just for a vacation . No windows , gun-metal gray walls all around , loud noises , ghetto rationed food ... lame ! 
I'M FREE AT LAST NO MORE FINALS 
Mom keeps on telling me to improve my communcation . Yes , hold on ; just let me see if COM 434 - Conflict Management & Negotiation is open for the spring semester . 
I don't understand why the United States is more open towards violence than sex . 
I just had this dream where I was living in the world of George Orwell's " 1984 " -- not exactly Oceania , but a super-nation similar to it . Oh boy were the conditions so terrible : talk about living in a mega-slum city with Big Brother's face plastered all over the place . There was a resistance group trying to set up grassroots efforts of changing the government little by little , but all hope to do so was always lost . 
i can't believe it , Great Octopus Oracle Paul . you betray your own country , Germany , for Spain !? 
tonight's Glee episode ... :'( 
2 things one should avoid debating about : 
religion & politics . 
just watch . these 5-minute breaks will soon turn into procrastination ... 
what the heck man ? I saw the trailer for AVATAR : The Last Airbender , and they took out the " Avatar " part ... >:\ 
ngggh Avatar theater re-release is beating out Inception . IMO , MORE PEOPLE NEED TO SEE INCEPTION . LIKE , WTH , AVATAR IS WAY MORE OVERRATED THAN INCEPTION 
Las Vegas Academy class of 2010 , congratulations ! I'm so happy for all of you !!! 
While taking my nursing school entrance exam , I wrote this on my scratch paper : ??????? " The name's Axel . " Commit it to memory . " ~ commit , committ , commited , committed ... etc . ~ " Got it memorized ? " ( was trying to see how the past tense of " commit " was correctly spelled ) I turned in my paper to the Korean proctor lady , and she looked at it with a WTF !? expression on her face XD . 
LOL ENGLAND IS TRIPPING BALLS 
ENGLAND VS AMERICA , A DRAW !? FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU ---- 
All you emo kids that are wannabes w/your clothes & actions ... i'm the real emo kid around here . And it's not a nice feeling at all . 
ROCKY HORROR GLEE SHOW !!!!! 
I'm so nerdy , I tweeted Tom Felton on Twitter for the second time . he hasn't replied back to any of my tweets yet though , haha . I would die if he did though ; I still find it awkward talking to celebrities on Twitter 
I don't want to start schooooooooooooooool 
??????????????????????????????????????????? ??? ???? ?????? 
Vaginas look ugly 
Test 
Someone at the CSN computer lab is watching Fullmetal Alchemist on their computer . :) 
CURRENT & FORMER STUDENTS OF MS . MABEL & MS . TREAT : do any of you still have the insructions and guidelines for that " four-skin exercise " ? 
Axis Powers : HETALIA has forever changed the way I view the world cup . For instance , England vs USA makes me reminiscent of US/UK shippers . Today's match was a draw , so I guess both of them have to take turns being the ultimate seme , haha 
&Shy extraverts : once they warm up to you , they can become very annoying , unless you're already the type that absolutely needs to be energized by people e 
Like this status and I'll confess what I thought 
about you when I first met you . Post it as your status and take the 
challenge . 
??????? 
I lie because I don't trust you . 
Your mom goes to college . 
I knew my parents only wanted to watch Glee for that stupid Sunshine Corazon character . I hope they don't bring her back , ever ( hates Charice ) . 
prefontal cortex is heavily under-stimulated . so freaking much . NGGGUUHH poor organization and planning , procrastination , short attention span , poor time management .... daydreaming too much in class , my brain refusing to stop chattering and cycling all these countless thoughts of mine at night that I can't sleep until 6am , having trouble reading certain materials unless I find it interesting ... * headdesk * 
haha no Charice/Sunshine Corazon on Glee tonight , so parents change the channel . It's all about Brittany/Britney Speeeeaaaaarsss bbs ! 
? ????? ????????? ????????????? ????? ??????? ?????? ?????????? ? 
Good riddance to the year 2010 . 
???????????? Amen ???????? 
There were some days where i still felt like i was in high school than in college . Today i found out that one of my classes are located at Green Valley H.S. 
DIE MANNSCHAFT GERMANY , DIE MANNSCAFT AGAINST LA FURIA ROJA 
HAHA SO MANY YELLOW CARDS 
I don't understand why parents even bring their babies to Disneyland . it's not like the babies will remember anything , let alone eve understand the experience . 
All of you that just graduated from high school : once you start college , you're going to get addicted to face book and start going on it more often . 
after seeing the movie , Inception , I could't concentrate on math homework anymore lol ... oh boy , I'll be theorizing in my mind for days . I haven't delved into speculative fiction in a while . 
All these nurses that yap about Twilight like it's the best book in the world ... really now ? I find my anatomy textbook to be a much more interesting read 
So hungry .... 
who's going to First Friday tomorrow ? 
I hate having to file for the FAFSA every year . 
Texting during class . 
Oh oh oh , did i just see another ANGRY ! David Beckham face at the World Cup today !? xD 
I need to see Scott Pilgrim vs . The World . 
GUYS I AM EXCITED ONLY 30 MORE MINUTES TO GO UNTIL HARRY POTTER & THE DEATHLY HALLOWS BEGINS ! 
what do you all think about taking nine classes for the fall ? 
Is at Naval Base San Diego now . 
People say that the director of The Last Airbender doesn't care about the race of his actors , but I see some Indo-Aryan favoritism going on ... 
Germany wins 3rd place @ the World Cup . BZZZZZZZZ 
???? 
???????????????????????????? 
YESSSSSS SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIN 
lol omg I haven't gotten a Mafia Wars invite in a long time . 
???????????? 
I just had the best Harry Potter dream last night . First it began as an America's Next Top Model dream , then became a mix of Inception , Harry Potter , and Disneyland , where I take the dream elevator to the Harry Potter amusement park and meet up with all the actors and actresses . What a way to start off my Thanksgiving ! 
Since Japan and USA are no longer in the World , I’ll be cheering for these countries : DEUTSCHLAND UND SPANIEN 
Gonna show my COM 101 class how to do the " four-skin " exercise that Ms. Mabel taught me & my art class a few years ago as my demonstrative speech topic . 
Lakers won . BZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ 
A real Spider Man is on ABC's 20/20 right now ! He's scaling sky scrapers right now 
I want to take the official Myers-Briggs Type Indicator personality test @ CSN but have to pay $40 to do so . 
NAF Atsugi Japan military brats living in Las Vegas : Janet Conte , Mellisa Deang , Jeremy Feliciano , Anyza Liceralde , and me . 
KEEP CALM VILLA . IT WILL COME . 
SPAIN , TRAIGAN LA FURIA POR FAVOR 
I'm kind of getting sick and tired of all these Japanesey visual kei stuff . 
1 . SPAIN/GERMANY - I'M GONNA BARF I'M CHEERING FOR BOTH OF THEM 2 . DON'T 
HATE ON ME , BUT EVERYTHING HAPPENS AFTER NANDO IS TAKEN OUT 3 . 
DAHVEED , TAKE ME TO YOUR VILLA ! 4 . PRAISE SAN IKER 5 . SOMETHING 
ABOUT HOW I LOVE SERGIO RAMOS 
The Christian Right is hardly ever right . 
I want to take a Life Drawing class . 
I am fed up with some of these NAF Atsugi Japan people . 
CROWNING MOMENT OF AWESOME FOR SPAIN @ THE WORLD CUP RIGHT NOW . 
that was an intense game . it was a pain to see Germany and Spain go agaist each other . in the end , La Furia Roja beat Die Mannschaft ... 
Nggh , Apocalyptica is coming to Vegas on 9/5 ; Dir en Grey is coming on 9/7 . I can't go to both . May as well choose Apocalyptica over Diru ; getting tired of VK 
is currently watching Shaun White skate at Dew Tour right now on the NBC channel . ngggggh . I'm seriously hoping that I'll be able to watch him skate live ( and get a hug from him ) once Dew Tour comes here to Vegas next month . 
Why is the facebook news feed font so small now ? > \ 
TSUKARETEIRUNDAAAAAAAAAA DA DA DA DA DA DA NEED NEMURI RIGHT NAO 
I want Mr. Coates as my CHEM teacher so bad . Mr. Coates ( or now shall I say , PROFESSAH Coates ) , I'm going to attend UNLV summer session just for you . 
I will NOT be using Adobe Photoshop until I have enough money to buy a tablet . It's so hard to shade and draw consistent lines with a mouse , so yeah ~ 
SHAKING AND CRYING 
" You musn't be afraid to dream a little bigger , DARLING . " -- Eames to Arthur in the Inception movie 
butt-load of 300 level and 400 level Psychology classes , BRING IT ON 
Dayum Dickies ' got some really nice scrubs : http://dickiesmedical.com 
The annoying part of changing my major to Occupational Therapy is that I have to explain to people all the time on what is OT . 
I hate morning classes . 
Once more the humble will rejoice in the Lord ; the needy will rejoice in the Holy One of Israel . Isa . 29:19 
Just found out The 
Social Network might be nominated for an academy award , and it's from the director of Fight Club 
back from California . 
Harry Potter AND THE DEATHLY HALLOWS PREMIERE IN TWO HOURS !!!! 
My math professor looks like Dr. House . 
I love professors who grade easily . 
so what's this " J-team " all about ? 
" I consider that our present sufferings are not worth comparing with the glory that will be revealed in us . " -- Romans 8:18 
My Psychology 240 professor looks like one of those mad scientist professors . 
Wants to see Inception on IMAX . 
Always wanted to be an extra for a Harry Potter film ... 
Just came back from another day of COM 101 . Totally did everything last minute again , as always , hahaha , and still manage to get an A , as always , lol . Thank God the last day of presenting is over ! No more speeches ! 
Just when I thought MLA formatting was grueling , APA formatting is even worse . 
What's up with thiiiiisssss ? Every single person I ask who wants to go to the Apocalyptica w/ DIR EN GREY @ House of Blues concert , seems to be in the same boat as I am ... NO PERMIT , NO RIDE !! FFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU --- 
I'm taking a 400-level college class . :\ 
Dianne Marquez and Tarah McNamara , you guys were thinking about rushing into sororities , right ? So did you rush ? 
Things I hate about the days after Thanksgiving : over-crowding of the shopping centers on Black Friday , that small 1-2 week time frame of BSing a bunch of projects for school , and final exams . 
If there's anything I hate more in this world , it's writing essays , term papers , etc . The only type of writing I like are writing blogs and fan fiction . 
I'm going to go home tonight and take an indefinite nap . #Inception 
Wth i just saw like , about 14 skaters whiz at by at this shopping outlet I'm currently at . California sure has a lot of skaters . 
The heck i'm like the only Filipino Occupational Therapy major in my class . Everyone else is a Nursing major . 
Las Vegas Academy and it's long , pretentious title : Las Vegas Academy of International Studies Performing and Visual Arts HS . Sometimes I ponder if I should write out the full title whenever I have to write a paper that deals with my old high school life , just so I can piss my professors off , haha . 
RESEARCH . RESEARCH . RRRRRREEEESSSSSEEEAAAARRRCCCHHH 
I can't believe I missed the Superbowl special on Glee . >:\ 
WTF my radio station just Rick Rolled me ... FFFUUUUUUU -- 
I LOVE YOU TOO , APOCALYPTICA . <3 I'M SO GLAD I FINALLY GOT TO SEE YOU AND DIR EN GREY LIVE !!! 
College algebra is basically high school Algebra II Honors . 
Currently listening to ' Bittersweet ( Bonus Track )' by Within Temptation 
I never condemned the soldiers that had multiple sex partners out of wedlock , nor the married soldiers who cheated on their wives , nor drunkards , drug users and every other sin . They are allowed to serve their country . Now with the " Don't Ask , Don't Tell " policy repealed , every sinner is allowed to serve this country . And if you don't like it , then you don't have to serve . 
Sharron Angle lost to Harry Reid ! 
anime I'm currently watching reminds me of Silent Hill ... * panic * 
In Japan , their Disney channel there is the real deal Disney . Here in the States , we get crap like Hannah Montana and all those other Disney pop tarts . 
Let us hold unswervingly to the hope we profess , for he who promised is faithful . Hebrews 10:23 
Oh snap , I'm in Carlsbad , California now . that's where Shaun White used to live * fangirl* ! ( * o * )/ 
" History merely repeats itself . It has all been done before . Nothing under the sun is truly new . Sometimes people say , ' Here is something new!' But actually it is old ; nothing is ever truly new . " — Ecclesiastes 1:9 -10 
" I now realize how true it is that God does not show favoritism . ” - Romans 2:11 
bored at college , ALL ALOOOOONE . I need new friends ... 
met a British version of Ciarra Shoemaker . 
being heavily sedated . 
catching up on homework , as usual . 
people at Nevada State College are boring . I haven't found anyone yet that shares the same interests as I do ( Anime , Video Games , Steampunk , Gothic Lolita , etc . ) 
/STRUT /STRUT /STRUT 
We're living in a Brave New World . 
Please put this as your status if you know or are related to someone killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death Star . My wish is that people will understand that the Empire is a band of murdering scum . The Rebel Alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy , but the evil Empire continues to kill innocent civilians . 93% won't copy/paste this . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
Man I have a hard time sleeping now . I think I may have insomnia . Mind you , as of now , I'm texting this status update at 5:30 a.m. , and I'm wide awake . 
BSing my assignment and paraphrasing like hell on earth . btw Happy Thanks giving everyone ! 
Dr. Phil , PhD , just recently spoke out his concern on how watching the film , " Twilight " , has had him creeped out by Edward's actions of stalking Bella every night for 3 months , just watching her sleep . Mind you , this was all part of his " abusive relationships " episode . Comparing his client's relationship issues to the one depicted in Twilight , he couldn't see the glamour in all of that . 
 Man it's so hard to sleep on these ghetto couches in the school cafeteria ; I don't know how the other students manage to do it . I need to crash someone's 
Math 124 ( College Algebra ) = high school Algebra II Honors . 
I hate going back to school . 
I saw someone playing Kingdom Hearts : Birth by Sleep during lunch today . 
Distant Worlds : music from FINAL FANTASY is the classical music concert I MUST see in my lifetime , and with a VIP pass to a meet & greet with Nobuo Uematsu , my greatest musical inspiration . 
just as I thought , my Filipino parents are now watching Glee just for Charice/Sunshine Corazon . =_= 
Luke 2:10 -11 - " And the angel said unto them , Fear not : for , behold , I bring you good tidings of great joy , which shall be to all people . For unto you is born this day in the city of David a Saviour , which is Christ the Lord . " Merry Christmas everyone ! 
 ird of the class here . Wtf no one did the homework i guess 
Man I hate Charice . She's overrated & I don't like her super belty voice . She's also the only reason why my parents want to watch Glee . After my parents could no longer find Charice on Glee ( since she appeared only once ... WTF what's the point of having Sunshine as the new character then ? ) , they automatically changed the channel and asked my why on earth am I watching Glee if it has no Charice in it . 
 My anthropology class is so pitiful . I did my homework an hour before class & finished 5 minutes before . I come to class just right now & i see only a th 
Every time I see someone walk around campus carrying a huge portfolio -- and I mean HUGE -- I know right away what their major is : art . 
Protect the seniors , but give young people a choice to opt out for Social Security . 
I went to Las Vegas Academy today and visited Mr. Dokken class with Stacy Honaker . He has two kids now . His 2-year-old girl is now 4 years old , and his new kid is a 2-year-old son . How cute . Oh , and he gave us gum drops ! 
There's someone here at College of Southern Nevada that looks a lot like Kiyone Nomura . BTW I would really like to take a Life Drawing class , but ffff no money for non-credit stuffs . 
man I can't believe there's only 4 weeks of break left . I need 3 months of break . 
Justin Bieber on the Grammys .... yuck . 
Put this as your status if you know or are related 
to someone who was killed at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry 
when it was under siege by Death Eaters in The Second Wizarding War . 
Over 50 witches and wizards died in this attack . 93% of people won't 
repost this , but will you be part of that magical 7% that will ? Repost 
to show your support of Dumbledore's Army . 
" For where your treasure is , there your heart will be also . " -- Matthew 6:21 . This bible verse appeared in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows . It was engraved on Harry Potter's mother , Lily Potter's tombstone . 
Geez I hate people who are so intrusive on me , my personal space , or in nearly everything I do . It's like having to deal with Gavin Chaeng all over again . 
holy snap , KevJumba wasn't kidding when he said that he'll be on The Amazing Race . I just recently tuned in and he's racing with his dad . 
? can be so anal-retentive at times . Or more like nearly everyday . 
Engineers tend like Windows ( those that don't hate it of course ) , and artists tend to like Macs . One of these days ( when I stop starving ) , I'm switching to Mac ; all of that spiffy graphic designer stuff on the Macs are tempting me too much . 
  dorm or something haha 
You cretins need to tell me when class gets cancelled so I can sleep in . 
&very . single . day . and find the idea of privacy to be such a foreign concept . 
Who here is going to see Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows this weekend !? 
( ? _ ? ) 
; adslkjf maybe I should just go to my school's free counseling and psychological services once and for all for anger management , possible mild depression , and possible inattentiveness , because I'm not putting my education in jeopardy just because my mom thinks that counseling is for those who think that they need to be put into a mental asylum and seems to have an air of disapproval to it . /upset 
I hate professors who directly read off Power Point slides . it's the most boring & least effective teaching method . 
I was watching 300 on this Spanish channel , and the part where the king makes love to his wife got cut out . Hey , at least they did it in wedlock ! 
Only 3 hours of sleep on Black Friday , but it's worth it 
astrology is to astronomy as alchemy is to chemistry . AKA it's psudoscience . I put my trust more in personality tests offered by the social sciences than those offered by the stars . 
1st day of school blah 
eww Justin Bieber got nominated for the Grammys . 
Not a lot of people at CSN during lunch time today . Is everyone taking exams or something ? 
I believe in Jesus Christ . One Facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall . The Bible says , if you deny Me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my Father . This is a simple test . If you love God and you are not afraid to show it , re-post this . 
I am required to watch Glee and write a television reflection article about it for my Intercultural Communications class . How awesome is that !? 
I hate quantitative research , esp . the stats stuff involved in it & ya'll know how daunting statistics can be . I aced the qualitative part of my Research Methods finals , though . BTW , my professor for this class is a raging hippie complete w/the hipster long hair . He even showed us " The Coporation " , lol I remember watching that back in Ms. Treat's class . He's a cool brah though , would recommend him for PSY/SOC 210 
Please do not remind me about FAFSA on New Year's Day . 
Who here goes to CSN Cheyenne campus ? 
What the hell do communications classes have to do with psychology ? ???????? 
Justin bieber movie ... uggh NO . 
Late night . <3 
Even the main page of YouTube is now promoting the Egyptian revolution . 
I'm like , " baby , baby , NO Justin Bieber PLZ kthxbai " 
Best birthday present ever : cancellation of my Organic Chemistry exam today , meaning more time for me to sleep in . EFF YEAH 
Guys which place to eat is better , Ichiza or Shuseki ? 
My mom didn't know what " 69 " was until this year . And yet my Psychology of Sex professor knows was it is for as long as the rest of us have known what it is . 
I also talked to my mom once about what I'd want to do with marital sex in the future , and then she got appalled at the things I wanted to with future husband . Sometimes I wonder if the only type of sex she ever had was plain ol ' boring vanilla sex , but I'd rather not think about the way I was conceived . < /Psychology of Sex class > 
??? are trying to dictate what appropriate things I should put on my facebook . wth man , I've already reached ???? I don't need no parental control , just because they got uncomfortable with the human sexuality stuff lolz . 
I wish it was spring break alreadyyyyyy * OTL * 
is Hackin ' my Mac like yeaaaah 
Who here has " am2007771 " as their Skype username ? This person keeps on calling me and not tell me who they are . 
UNLV , CSN & NSC students : Who's going to the Carson City trip to fight against tuition hikes of 80% The cost to student for the bus ride and everything is free . 
I've never smoked weed , been drunk , snuck out , or skipped school . Copy & paste this as your status . Whoever likes it thinks your lying . 
You people underestimate the power of prayer . ?????? #prayforJapan 
Life is so full of irony . Seventy years ago the Japanese Air Force destroyed our Naval Fleet at Pearl Harbor . Today our fleet left Pearl Harbor to help save Japan . 
I feel like crap . 
You know what , ?????????? I don't care how much you shake your head at my decision to seek ???????. My issue extends beyond ??? Call it melodramatic if you will , but I can't late this self-hatred go on any longer . I can never do anything right , & that includes your ???? come out of ?? with ????, because I am incompetent at keeping interest in certain subjects . I know you're ???, and I'm ??? at myself for that as well . 
That slow song that Rachel just sung on Glee = story of my life , beginning yesterday . And yes , I know , #THEYKISSED 
Texting in awkward situations . 
Or more like : pretending to text in awkward situations . 
I HATE ALLERGIES 
What can you do when your good is not good enough , when all that you touch tumbles down ? Because my best intentions keep making a mess of things ; I just want to fix it somehow . But how many it times will it take , oh how many it times will it take for me to get . it . RIGHT ....? 
How the heck am I going to say to my parents that I want to be a sex therapist ? Talking about sex with parents is like going over junior high sex ed again or asking where do babies come from . AWKWARD 
So where can I find this magical , hot K-pop or J-rock boy to go out with ? 
I always had this feeling that I was a bit different from my peers , once way or another , and have had problems with it growing up . I once remember my youth leader telling me that I should get rid of my introversion in order to rid of my problems . You can't get ' rid ' of a personality temperament ; I let his ignorance slide though since he barely knew basic psychology . Actually , this is how I became interested in psych . 
Victory for people of faith ! FOX drops Beck http://salsa.democracyinaction.org/o/2518/p/salsa/web/common/public/signup?signup_page_KEY=5935 
I want a Libertarian candidate for president . 
I'd rather if things like abortion and gay marriage be settled at the state level than at the federal level . 
I once had a math professor that looked like Dr. House . Now if he were only as awesome as Dr. House . I want House as my anatomy professor . 
Does anyone here know how I can enroll into UNLV's Air Force ROTC program ? 
Why has it been cold in Vegas lately ? It feels more like autumn instead of spring . 
Julia Shapiro , ya know what , screw youuuuuu as well lol . NAVY NAVY NAVY ALL THE WAY 
man I hate chemistry . I'd rather take physics over chem . 
pulling off that classic all-nighter ... * sigh * maybe I really should take a break from college . 
I think this month long cold in Vegas must have something to do with the earthquakes lately . 
Salary of the US President ... $ 400,000 . Salary of retired US Presidents ... $ 180,000 . Salary of House/Senate ... $ 174,000 . Salary of Speaker of House ... $ 223,500 ... Salary of Majority/Minority Leaders ... $ 193,400 ! Average US Salary ... $ 33,000 to $ 77,000 . I think we found where the cuts should be made . If you agree , repost . 
I see a lot of people have been sleep-deprived lately ( I , too ) . 
I hear rumors of Nevada State College selling some boba tea today . Is that true !? I want bobaaa 
I find it highly amusing whenever an unsuspecting professor from another class would step into my Psychology of Sex class in the middle of a lecture about human sexuality , especially if said lecture is chock full of references to penises . Then said unsuspecting professor yells , " WOAH " then turns away . He just got Freudian duped . 
there was this amazing multicultural food schmorgisboard that went on at the liberal arts & sciences building today at Nevada State College , but I didn't have any money to buy any of the food . :\ 
When I was a kid I didn't have an XBox or Wii . I had a bike and a curfew , the street lights . Mom didn't call my cell , she yelled outside , " Time to come in . " I played outside with friends , not online . If I didn't eat what my mom made me then I didn't eat . Hand sanitizer didn't exist , but you COULD get your mouth washed out with soap . Repost if you drank water out of a hose ... and survived ! 
Z-scores , t-t ests , chi-squares , the standard deviation of a population , null hypothesis , central tendency .... Ahhh , statistics . 
Stats , stats , everybody hates statistics 
Can I start again , with my faith shaken ? Because I can't go back and undo this . 
I know it's bad to laugh at this , but I can't help but laugh at my substitute teacher's very Engrish accent ( she's Japanese ) . 
Tiem to pull off another all-nighter and BS three papers . =.= 
Stupid printers everywhere won't let me print my project brochure . FML 
Ah crap I can't believe I like ke$ha's crap . :\ 
Listening to the Inception soundtrack while writing crap for my Psychology professor makes everyone much more epic . I feel like I'm Ariadne sitting in the lecture halls of Penrose University whilst doodling some dream mazes . 
Is there anyone else besides me at Nevada State College that enrolled into that parntership program thingy with UNLV's air force ROTC program ? If not , then I guess I'm FOREVER ALOOOOOONNEE 
Tonight's the royal wedding of Prince William and Kate , everyone ! Broadcast begins @ 1 a.m. PST on all major networks 
I like having my specific alone spot at my college's lounge area , and I hate it when random people bother me when I'm all alone . 
only 25 more minutes until the commencement of the royal wedding in the UK ! :DDD 
OH SNAP ROYAL WEDDING IS FINALLY ON ! Tune in to any major network to watch it : NBC , ABC , CBS , FOX , etc . 
eww David & VIctoria Beckham are at the wedding ... I used to like Posh Spice , but now she's become rubbish . The other Spice girls are better . 
Watching the royal wedding makes me wish I was stationed in England right now . 
So many bloody fancy hats present at the royal wedding ... #royalwedding 
Ok , I understand William & Kate and also Westminster Abbey trending worldwide on Twitter now , but Posh Spice ? seriously ? I hate her . 
OMG MR . BEAN IS AT THE ROYAL WEDDING !!!!!!! XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD 
OMG ELTON JOHN CAME ON TV . I WONDER IF HE'LL PERFORM " Can You Feel the Love Tonight " FOR THE ROYAL COUPLE OMG . LION KIIIIIIING 
Oh gosh , I really have the urge to dress up in Victorian Lolita right now ... at 2 in the morning due to all this royal wedding madness . 
I don't like how skinny Victoria Spice has become . Her hat is ugly as well . 
I wonder if we'll see any of the Harry Potter stars at the royal wedding today ! :DDDD #RoyalWedding 
Prince William looks absolutely smashing in this royal military uniform . OH , I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE THE WEDDING ARCH OF SWORDS !!! :DDD ? 
I want to ride in those British buses . #RoyalWedding 
I swear , all these British people with their dandy hats and smashing clothes ... #RoyalWedding 
I love a fine gentleman in uniform . #RoyalWedding 
OMG , I don't care about all these people driving up to Buckingham Palace at 5 km/hr . Can we hurry up and get to the actual wedding already !? 
AWWW little boys in military dress reds ! how adorable ! #RoyalWedding 
OMG OMG we finally get a glimpse at the princess bride ! :DDD #RoyalWedding 
man , the flower girls and little boys are so adorable . #RoyalWedding 
OMG OMG OMG the princess bride is about to walk down the church aisle ! #RoyalWedding 
OMG OMG I'm am getting quite excited ! It's so near now ! Their day of holy matrimony ! #RoyalWedding 
omg omg I'm gonna cry . Prince William & Kate just said their prayers & stuff . NOW THEY'RE ABOUT TO KISS . #RoyalWedding 
Oh wait , gotta get through more flowery words first before they say their vows . AND THEN THE KISS HECK YEAH . #RoyalWedding 
Aww , boy's choir . <3 
Asian boy in the royal choir , heck yeah lol #RoyalWedding 
The reason why I'm excited about The Royal Wedding of Prince William and Kate Middleton is because this is the first ever wedding I'm invited to . I've only ever been to funerals , so yeah ... 
I'm sorry , but whenever I hear " God Save The Queen " being sung , I go by the words " My Country ' Tis of Thee " instead . #American #RoyalWedding 
OMG is it balcony tiemz soon !? #RoyalWedding 
Goodness gracious , I swear , some of these hats that these British women wear are ridiculously outlandish . #RoyalWedding 
oh crap it's almost balcony kiss tiem !!! #RoyalWedding 
Oh , Royal Navy ! #RoyalWedding 
That's it . If I ever get married , I'm going to have it at Disneyland . #RoyalWedding 
Man , now I want those fancy hats these British women are wearing , haha #RoyalWedding 
Oooh , it's the Royal Army ! #RoyalWedding 
And now we wait for the famed balcony kiss from the royal newlyweds . #RoyalWedding 
Only 14 more minutes until Prince William & Kate Middleton finally kiss ... #RoyalWedding 
Prince William & Princess Kate finally kissed ! :DDDD #RoyalWedding 
Holy crap , it's the Royal Air Force ! They're doing an air show for the royal newlyweds . <3 #RoyalWedding 
Hmm , I guess it's over now . Oh well . Time for the royal wedding reception , and time for me to get some slumber . #RoyalWedding 
That was a sweet , fairytale wedding . Now I crave one . #RoyalWedding . 
I was actually expecting there to be an arch of sabres at The Royal Wedding of Prince William and Kate Middleton since Prince Will served in the RAF and was all decked out in dress reds . 
Alright , so two things : If I ever get married , I'm having it held at Disneyland . Why ? because ( 1 ): I blame disney for my high expectations of men , and because of ( 2 ): The Royal Wedding of Prince William and Kate Middleton . 
lmao my mom actually said , " Who's getting married again ? Prince Harry Potter ? " XDDDD 
Sami Ann and JoJo Mortensen : look at the front of your profile pages and see wut I did thar , lololol xDDDD 
My Top Profile Viewers : 
Delaney Patterson - 652 views 
Ciarra Shoemaker - 423 views 
Andrea Pinuela - 345 views 
????????????? ??? - 241 views 
See who views your profile @ http://www.facebook.com/pages/My-Visitors/168489886543000?30253 
PICS OF OSAMA BIN LADEN DEAD OR ELSE IT DIDN'T HAPPEN 
OH CRAP THE PREZ IS SPEAKING NAO 
BUT STILL , PICS OF OSAMA BIN LADEN DEAD OR ELSE IT DIDN'T HAPPEN . 
OKAY , SO NOW I AWAIT FOR THE PEOPLE OF TUMBLR TO REBLOG OSAMA'S DEAD BODY . THIS WILL BE EPIC 
It's been almost 10 years and finally , Osama bin Laden is no more . 
Okay people of tumblr , I expect the LULzy pics of Osama to roll soon . 
Osama bin Laden is finally dead ... now on to Tumblr to reblog it like crazy 
Actually , you know what's even better ? OSAMA ON 4CHAN 
LMAO .... Bush . Who cares about him now 
k I did it , I reblog a tumblr post that's related to this recent news of Osama bin Laden's death . 
It has begun ! The people of tumblr are now reblogging Osama LULZ . 
I had a feeling that the people of tumblr would also blog about wank . Let the political debates and conspiracy theories begin . 
dennggg look at all these people crowding the White House right now lol 
Did you hear that ? Osama bin Laden was hiding in a mansion . A MANSION !!!!! /insert lulzy party pic here 
reblogging on tumblr like crazy rn 
The world is going crazy right now with all these current events happening at once . Why can't we just all have a week off from school then ? 
On May 1st , 1945 , Hitler was confirmed dead , May 1st , 2011 Bin Laden confirmed dead . 
tried so hard not to cry in class today . the supression is insane . 
First Sarah Palin , and now Donald Trump for president ? This is getting ridiculous . 
Oh snap , Rammstein and Glee cast are touring Las Vegas on the same night . I'll take the Rammstein concert over the Glee Tour , kthxbai . 
I might as well not ditch my appointment with the school therapist then . 
I don't want to do anything anymore . 
Can this most depressing semester just be over now ? I seriously don't want to do anything anymore . 
Oh thank God my old coot of a professor bought my BSed excuse and accepted all of my BSed papers . Never have I BSed so much in an entire semester . 
Fear and self-loathing in Las Vegas . 
So I see that every Filipino is busy today cooking food up for yet another Manny Pacquiao boxing match . 
Goin ' to Joliebee's on Manny Pacquiao night . 
My bet's on Pacman tonight ! 
You know you're at a Filipino party when : you have the Pacquiao fight on the illegal cable boxes on the 70 " LCD in the movie room , the 10 yr old 50 " CRT in the living room , the 15 yr old 30 " tube in the breakfast nook , the 20 yr old 15 " tube in the kitchen , the 30 yr old 13 " tube in the garage . 
Manny Pacquiao boxing after-party at the Mandalay Bay pool ! 
I really don't want to be in Stats class today . 
omg tonight's Glee episode ... ( ; 3 ;) 
Man it takes forever to just log onto CSN's computer network . 
I just had a dream within a dream last night ... just like in Inception . 
I hate dealing with UNLV counselors 
I really don't want to look at my grades right now . 
Was at UNLV today w/JoJo Mortensen & Nicole Ocate : waited inside a nearly empty Student Union ; strutted around the new Greenspun building ; went inside a completely empty AFROTC building ; dealt w/admissions & whatever people ; stalked JYP entertainment at the library ; ate at In-n-Out ; got rejected some store credit by Buffalo Exchange's buyers because my clothes weren't " hip " enough . 
RAMMSTEIN CONCERT IN 20 MINUTES . HECK YEAH 
Didn't know there'd be a headlining band for Rammstein since they didn't say anything about it . 
Idk who's headlining for Rammstein ... 
Headlining band sounds ok ... Idk who it is though 
Headlining band kinda sucks ... 
Is waiting for an hour for headlining band to finish & for Rammstein to come on stage here @ UNLV Thomas & Mack Center 
Headliner's done playing . Finally 
What's up w/all these ppl dressed up ? I dressed down cuz I don't want my clothes to get ruined at a metal concert 
All these goth & metal chicks wearing 6-inch fetish heels like wth I should have dressed up all hot then 
But then there's no freakin way I'm going to slip over in fetish boots while moshing 
Waiting for Rammsteinm to come on stage here @ UNLV's Thomas & Mack Center 
Listening to all these people babble behind me in this stadium while waiting for Rammstein ; interesting convos ... 
Spotted a 9-year old in the crowd for Rammstein ... Kid's got good taste in music . 
I would definitely like to get stationed at Ramstein Air Base , Germany because of Rammstein . 
DU HAST MICH 
Would really like to rock out to Links 2-3-4 & Du Hast , but people in my section are dead .... 
ICH LIEBE RAMMSTEIN 
Rammstein was great , but the balcony crowd in my section was so dead . Worst concert experience so far 
NO RAPTURE ON MAY 21 PROOFZ IS IN BIBLE : “No one knows about that day or hour , not even the angels in heaven , nor the Son , but only the Father Therefore keep watch , because you do not know on what day your Lord will come So you also must be ready , because the Son of Man will come at an hour when you do not expect Him . " - Matthew 24:36 -44 
I believe in Jesus Christ and have accepted him as my personal Savior . One facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall ... In the Bible it says , if you deny me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my Father at the Gates of Heaven . This is simple ... If you love God and you are not afraid to show it repost this . 
I NEED TO SEE Rammstein AGAIN 
Katy Perry is my guilty pleasure 
Is currently at Las Vegas Academy . Walking among all these little high school kids is so weird now haha 
 ? Just saw a teen couple hold hands ... Oh plz trust me folks , high school sweethearts are a rarity for a reason ( I learned why in my adolescent psychology c 
 ? lass ) . Try college dating instead . 
Just got approached by Mr. Keller ... I knew from the THUDS of his footsteps that it was Mr. Keller . 
I just told my high school Chemistry teacher that I failed college chem ... Now he gives me the " I AM DISSAPOINT " look . 
Well Mr. Keller , if you woulde have been a better chemistry teacher then I would have passed it in college ! 
Let's see , what did high school chemistry teach me ... Something about mol city & Les Miseramols . And sleeping in class & getting lectured for it . Yeah . 
Gosh it's so hot outside . I hate how the weather went from being cool to suddenly hot 
Currently texting in awkward situations ... 
So what else did Mr. Keller teach ? That not getting enough sleep one night while getting enough the next day causes the chemical imbalances in the body . 
 ? is class back then . 
 ?  Mr. Keller also taught that it's bad for teens to not get enough sleep . Well if LVA had a lighter class load then we all wouldn't have been sleeping in h 
I have not met even one LVA student , either current or former , that got 8 hours of sleep every night . Except maybe for Xueting ... 
San Diego this weekend ! 
I hate it when parents tell you to get ready right now , but then 
I hate it when parents tell you to get ready right now , but then they're the last ones to get dressed . #roadtrip 
I feel like it's Grad Nite all over again with this complete lack of sleep going to & from Cali 
Clark air base ( in the P . I . ) & March air force ( here in Cali ) base have got to be the ghettoest military bases I've ever been to . 
March AFB's BX is so freaking ghetto . It looks like a really run-down , super small K-mart 
Is finally at San Diego ! 
What I hate about whenever I go to San Diego is overhearing my relatives ' drama stories . 
My 6-year old nieces and nephews have their own iPhones . When I was their age , I had a Gameboy instead . 
I hate going to Naval Base San Diego NEX ; it's always so crowded here . Too many Filipinos 
