" The sun and the sand and a beer in my hand " ....... 8^) 
Cruisin ' 
" And like the rain .... " 
Is covered in welts from paintball .... B^) 
' s " Theory on Rapid Limited Adaptive Evolution through utilization of ' junk dna '" - to respond to changes in an organisms environment or simply perfectionization of an organism's biological features to increase functioning efficiency in its habitat - " le 
Stranded in chatanooooooogggaaa . Staying in some random persons house who my sister housesits for and is out of town for the week , and wrighting this on their Grandmas laptop . * sigh * Life could be worse . : ^T My random life . 
Has read 2 Chronicles of prydain and Harry Potters 1 , 2 , 3 , and 4 all in one week , in between the rest of my somewhat busy schedule ... 
Finished The Book of Three for the umpteenth time 
Needs to reread Harry Potter .... 
Will be in B-Ham for half the week ... 
going to " Camp Fox " 2morrow ...... 
could tell you all about a veritable cornucopia of species ....... 
Just went and watched Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince for the second time .... 
.............. Kaput 
Is already quite depressed about Saturday .... 
Finally rolled around to getting his learners over a year late ..... 8^P 
.... Yawn .... 
Friday's I can do , It's always the Saturdays that stink ... 
8^l 
did 11 1/2 hours of house work today ....... no breaks ..... Ugh .... 
Steak dinner .... 
Is giving out free Madagascar Giant Hissing Roaches ( horned males ) to anybody who wants one , they are the ultimate low maintenance pet !! 
Just looking at getting a really sweet scorpion that can not only deliver a potentially lethal sting , but can also squirt it's venom with great accuracy into it's target's eyes . Dont think the parents will let me go through with it though .... B^) 
Watched an extremely cheesy Macbeth movie for brit-lit yesterday , not what we expected but still lots of laughs ! :^) 
Is quiting his job today !!!!! :^) 
Often feels like school is a pointless affection ..... 
Wants a pet Badger . 
* Yawn * 
AAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH > ( 
Direct qoute from my chemistry book - " Now if all this seems rather easy to you , ({ Which it obviously DOES NOT , you Stupid book }) dont worry : This subject gets a lot harder " 
RRRAAAAARRRR !!!!!! 
meaningless .... 
efiL si ! yzarc 
The lake in my front yard froze over completely today . 
Kicking off my NEW blog , since I deleted the boring old one . Follow me , follow the future . Um ... actually just follow my blog . And that will be totally fine . 
Is feeling a little depressed with everyone going back to college . :^/ 
Misses the SAV and all my " friends " 
Has decided to forget about jobs and social security and loans and payments and just win the dang lottery ! 
Go Colts , Go Colts , wait , ummm , go New Orleans , Go New Orleans !...... I cheer whoever is winning ;^) 
POW ! 
um ..... yeeeaaahhhh 
Apperently I'm the Doctor and Inigo Montoya . At the same time . wow . 
Is buying an ALIENWARE aurora desktop TOMORROW ! 
Is pioneering a new brand of canned ice-teas . Its going to be called " NasTea " 
Zero hour is fast approaching . 
The internet connection on this computer is stupid . ssooooooooo stupid . 
* YAWN * 
Money is the root of all Evil , so I just spend all of mine :^P 
Has waaaay to much caffeine in his system ... 8^P 
wiped out ... 
Is keeping it Rad ... 
I've got the Madness , now all I need is the Method !! 
Just watched the movie " The Birds " . Basically two hours of people getting attacked by flocks of birds . Incredibly boring . The people pretty much offer themselves to be eaten . And , as if the mindless people weren't bad enough , the movie ends abruptly with the main characters driving off in their car while surrounded by millions of crazy birds No explanation as to WHY the birds are attacking and NO solution whatsoever ! 
Ah , just what I need . More coffee . And coffee cheesecake . wow . 
Had a blast at the aquarium with Elsie and Eric ( and Amy , and Mom , And Dad) !! 
Today is Absolutely Retard-o . 
* QUO * 
" So do all who live to see such times , but that is not for us to decide . All that we must decide is what to do with the time that is given to us . " -Gandalf 
Needs to find a new beryllium sphere ... 
Hahahahahahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
Just played a CRAZY game of Command and Conquer 3 against a Brutal enemy . While struggling to build my base the Brotherhood had been secretly constructing a nuclear missile ! Calling in an orca strike and a blast from my ion cannon was to no avail ... 4/5 of my base went up in a mushroom cloud . 
Is writing this status from his Brand New $1600 Alienware Desktop computer ! :^) 
Has a newfound obssesion with dark blue . Its just dark . and blue . 
About to watch a Dr Who with Amy , Eric , and Elsie ! 
is Petering out 
It was FREEZING at ultimate this , morning . My hands are still numb ... 
" And like the rain ... " 
" What would you have me do ? " - King Theoden 
My eel jumped out of his tank last night while being fed . Very difficult to pick up ( As slippery as an eel ! ) , and rather painful too ! ( They call them " Spiny Eels " for a reason ! ) 
Cant sleep ... 
Finally got the speakers built into my monitor to work . They are pretty bad as expected . oh well . In 30 days my Best Buy reward points will finaly activate and I will use them to get a decent pair for FREE . By Grabthar's Hammer , Oh what a savings ! 
My ALIENWARE should be getting here anytime between monday and next Friday . The specs are as follows : 1 Terabyte Hard Drive 9 Gigabytes Triple-Channel DDR3 SDRAM Intel core i7 920 NVIDIA GTX260 1.8 Gig graphics Windows 7 Liquid cooled CPU 22 " 120 Hz monitor Oh yeah , and the whole thing is NVIDIA 3D vision ready , so sometime this year Ill be playing all my games and watching movies in stereoscopic 3D ! 
I ... Need ... Coffee ... :^P 
That was , um , long ... 
Hates getting a late start on school :^( 
Is going to become a Rapper . Call me DJ-PJ . B^) 
Watching the mist rise off the lake in the early dawn ... 
A qoute from " The Natural History of Madagascar " speaking of local beliefs about the striped mongoose or Boky-Boky --- " There is also the common belief that these animals are good rat hunters and kill rodents occupying burrows by passing gas directly into the chamber ... " 
Is wishing the parents would go out so Amy and I can watch Dr Who tonight : ^J 
So theres this deer carcass thats been floating in our lake for about a week .... 
Slow day ... 
What ever you do DONT BLINK !! 
Hey ! Who turned out the lights ? Hey ! Who turned out the lights ? Hey ! Who turned out the lights ? Hey ! Who turned out the lights ? Hey ! Who turned out the lights ? 
I keep catching myself THINKING with a British accent !! ... Must be watching too much British " Tele " :^P 
Finaly got to drive the truck today , I'm meen we've had it for like two months now ... Fun , but a little interesting on some of these hilly , curvy , and narrow back-roads , not to mention that we were running on empty half the time ... 
Is a Parseltongue . 
Is about to go use his amazing culinary abilities to warm up some chicken sandwiches for supper ... 
" Nothing is more painful to the human mind than , after the feelings have been worked up by a quick succession of events , the dead calmness of inaction and certainty which follows and deprives the soul both of hope and fear " - Frankenstein , or , the Modern Prometheus 
I am , Therefore I Think . 
What's on YOUR mind ? 
loves storms , but not when they wake me up at 3 in the a.m !! 
Is in a fey mood ... 
HAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHHAH !!!!!!!!! THIS COMPUTER IS AWESOME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I get on FB about 35 times a day . What does that make me , a Face-aholic ? 
Is offering free canoe trips thru his front yard .... 
Cant think of anything witty to say at the moment : ^T 
This weather reminds me of staying in that seaside cottage on the Island of Chiloe in Southern Chile ... 
Just finished watching a couple of Dr Whos with Amy ... 
This . Feels . Wierd . 8^) -> :^) 
Over the past couple of days I have played 90 games of computer solitaire . I've won six . Ouch . :^P 
Fell asleep listening to the rain whilst curled up in my armchair staring blankly at my chemistry book .... 
Has the Lord of the Rings theme-song running through his head ... 
Thanks to taking chinese , I now know enough to say " Nar you piju ? " ( Where is your beer ? ) and " gei wo you qian ! " ( Give me your money ! " ) ! Yay ! 
BEWARE THE IDES OF MARCH . 
roCkiN tO BaSsHunTeR ! 
Why do winky faces - ;^) - have to look so mean ?!!?! 
Any more rain and our house really will be a " Lake House " !!!! 
Sooo ... I'm Inigo Montoya , The Doctor , Aragorn , " Guy " , AND Jack sparrow . Boy , do I have an Identity crisis !!! 
- I spend waaaay too much time psycho-analyzing myself ! : ) 
: x ) 
While moving Books in the basement this morning , I came across such interesting titles as " A Chance to Die " , " The Chance to Survive " , " Barbarism , With a Human Face " , " Waking the Dead " , " Summon the Shadows " , and " Flee the Coming Darkness " ..... umm , yeah . 
Awww , darn ! I get to miss all the drunks staggering around River Street this year !! : P 
No , I'm not on Facebook 24/7 , I just leave it open and check it ( and go online ) every once in a while . :^) 
Is going to start calling my massive , beast-of-a-computer , " The Genesis Ark " . ( Dr. Who connotations there , (( Not the Biblical sort )) but dont worry , it does not contain an army of daleks , I checked ! :P ) 
Frisbee wasn't so great today . A fell wind was in the West . 
Last night was great ... Chatting with several of the coolest people in the * World * Drinking IBC rootbeer , eating popcorn , and listening to BASSHUNTER about 200 times , turned up real loud !!! 
Ultimate ! 
" Yet these men speak abusively against whatever they do not understand ; and what things they do understand by instinct , like unreasoning animals - these are the very things that destroy them " -- Jude , verse 10 
Just spent forever downloading a game demo . In German . oops ! 
Now that I've got contacts I''l have to really work to rretain my * amazing * Ear-Wiggling abilities !!!! 
" You do not want to sell me Deathsticks . You want to go home and re-think youre life " - Obi-Wan-Kenobi 
Totally feels like it's still six o'clock and I need to go back to bed . 
Wait , you got those out of Tim's locker !?! 
7 assignments in three hours = dead tired . :| 
Listening to Secondhand Serenade . Never ceases to amaze me the number of good bands out there ... 
Is all our Life , then , but a dream ; Seen faintly in the golden gleam ; Athwart Times dark resistless stream ? Bowed to the earth with bitter woe ; Or laughing at some raree-show ; We flutter idly to and fro . Man's little Day in haste we spend ; And , from it's merry noontide , send ; No glance to meet the Silent End . -Lewis Carroll 
Wants everybody to start referring to me as " The Asset " ..... :D 
Gets to sit around and do school while Will plays MY xbox games all morning .... : ( 
Finaly got out to Oak Mountain today , along with half the population of Birmingham ... 
Feelin ' a little better now . Just a little . 
" No matter how far we've come I , 
I can't wait to see tomorrow 
With you " -LP 
Back from the ' nooga ... 
Accidentaly Poured a cup of Ice-water on my head @ 2 a.m this morning ... 
" It's not as easy as willing it to be right , 
Gotta be more than hoping it's right . 
I wanna hear you laugh like you really mean it ... " 
-Snow Patrol ; Hands Open 
My favorite TV shows are British . My favorite actors are British . My favorite bands are British . My favorite books are British . 

.... I'm thinking this is becoming a pattern :P 
had to delete that last .... not interested in the side-effects ! 
Writers Block . ( If it's for writing on a blog , would you call it " Writers Blogk " ? ) 
Job Interview today ... 
... The most amazing person you never bothered to get to know ... 
Researching the venomosity of Vaejovis Carolinianus , Chelsea's native scorpion species . Just considering getting a sting ... 
I hate missing Frisbee ! : ( 
You have absolutely no idea just how heavy a huge , sopping wet bag of composted Cow Manure really is !!!!...... 
" The Circle must be broken . " 
" CONSTANT VIGILANCE !!! " - Mad-Eye Moody 
I hate it when you get on castle age to get your demi-blessing and it says " come back in 0 hours and 10 minutes " .... :O 
Peter , Peter , is NOT a pumpkin eater ! :[ ] 
" Darkness was cheap , and Scrooge liked it " -> " Coldness was cheap , and my parents like it " 
Moved ferns today ... lots and lots of ferns ! 
Great ! Got my cheesey Romanian techno Profile Song on ! B ) 
All this homework , but I dont even exist . :| ... What a miserable day . 
Hmm ... the sirens are going off , but there arent any tornado warnings ... must be an air-raid , or aliens . I'm betting on the Aliens . 
Wishin ' Chelsea had a beach ! :'( 
When the Light goes out , in comes the Darkness . Is , then , the light the source of the Darkness ? Or is the Darkness always there , lurking in some forgoten corner of my life , waiting to overtake me the moment the Light begins to dim ? It is an enigma that I , perhaps , will never fathom ... 
Is now working at Hanna's Garden Shop . I " Applied " , was interviewed , hired , trained , and put to work all in just One afternoon !!! ( Must be my striking good-looks ! :D ) 
Pretty psyched about my brand new , 4th gen 32 GB IPod touch ( from which I'm typing this of course !! ) :D 
Aaarrrrggg ... so annoying ! I have to sit around and do Math while Elsie and Eric watch Stargate in my room !! 
Just got back from an afternoon of sorting trash for recycling at the Indy race that was going on over the weekend here . Nasty stuff . Smelled almost exactly like Port-au-prince Haiti , or maybe some of the slums Ive been to down in S . America . 
Why do animals at zoos always have to do nasty , obscene things just when you walk by ? 
Gotta love a book that has a whole chapter devoted to Spider-fly endoparasitoids .... 
. 
" In the memory you'll find me , 
Eyes burning up . 
The darkness holding me tightly , 
Until the sun rises up . " 
Off to the Chatanooga zoo today ... 
Was , sadly , unable to find " Bo , the Face of " in the phonebook . Maybe I should check the one for New-New-New-New-New-New-New-New-New-New-New-New-New-New-New-York . 
I HATE our Iguana .... X [] 
New Blog post ! 
Wednesday is probably the best day of the week . But not this Wednesday . Today is probably going to be like the third or fourth best day of the week . Which is awesome !!!! :D 
<-> Meter Parshall 
There was just a Murder in our front yard ....................... ( Of Crows of course ! :P ) 
" It's a Great , day , to be alive , I know the sun's still shinin ' when I close my eyes . There's some , hard times in the neighborhood , but why cant every day be just this good ?... " 
" I hate diet drinks , they have those phykywykyloneurotics or whatever they call ' em " . :P 
Caught you a delicious Bass ... 
Had a blast tonight ... :D 
" ... Sometimes it's lonely , sometimes it's only , me and the shadows that fill this room . Sometimes I'm falling , desperatly callin ' , Howling at the moon ... BUT IT'S A , GREAT DAY TO BE ALIVE , I know the sun's still shinin when I close my eyes . There's some , hard times in the neighborhood , But why can't every day be just this Good ? " 
Listening to Coldplay " Strawberry Swing " and playing solitaire . :) 
OOOHHH ! HAIL BABY !! 
One day , and $20 the richer .... hmmm , what should I buy ? :D 
This is what I love about Homeschool ... Sitting in my lazy-boy in my room eating warm Home-made chocolate chip cookies , reading a good book ( For " British Literature " ) , and listening to " Nach Duetschland " from the Bourne Supremacy sondtrack .... :D 
Playing golf . On my dinning room table . SKILZ . :D 
My lips are numb . My teeth ache . Thanks Orthodontist ! : B 
The Darkness is failing , the Light is overtaking . And all will be made Right again . 
Aaarrrrrggg !!!! You BEASTLY internet connection !!! Someday I'm going to go bomb the at&t headquarters !!! 
Has watched quite enough 70's sci-fi for this year ! 
Just bought an Amaaaazzzzzing new pair of speakers for my computer today !! 
It's true , the way I feel 
Was promised by your face 
The sound of your voice 
Painted on my memories 
Even if you're not with me 
I'm with you 
You , now I see , keeping everything inside 
* With you * 
You , now I see , even when I close my eyes 

-Linkin Park , With You 
... Has been listening to non-stop BASSHUNTER for an hour now ... Dont be surprised if I randomly yell " ARRRRE YOOOOOU REAAAAADY TO PAAAARTY ?!?!?! " :P 
Getting my drivers sometime in the next couple weeks :D ' bout time ! 
Somehow manages to get soaking wet every day ... The plants hate me ... :P 
New Blogger Post ... 
I'm already not liking today . At all . 
I didn’t have much to say , I didn’t give up the light , I closed my eyes and closed myself , And closed my world and never opened , Up to anything , That could get me at all , I had to close down everything , I had to close down my mind , Too many things to cut me , Too much can make me blind , I’ve seen so much in so many places , So many heartaches so many faces , So many dirty things , You couldn’t even believe . 
You could die today . 
It's been a rough day . 
" I look up to the sky , 
And now the World is mine , 
I've known it all my Life , 
I made it , I made it . 
I used to dream about , 
The life I'm living now , 
I know that there's no doubt , 
I made it , I made it . " 
Is going to have a hard time getting used to not being constantly surrounded by a dozen little kids ... 
Just sawed my hand open ! :D 
" You do not want to sell me Deathsticks " .... " You want to go home and rethink your life " -Obi-Wan-Kenobi 
txarra otsoa , ??? ????, ?????? ????, ?????? ????, llop ferotge , ??, ??, Stygge Ulv , kuri hunt , masamang babae , paha susi , ????? ?????......... BAD WOLF 
Laura Beth Askelson - Time to pull out the pen , Set away my old project , and get started on some real cheese ! :P .. Once school is over of course .. 
Death to Sea-serpents Everywhere !! :D 
Just got home from " Converge : The Great Sin Retreat " It was amaaaazing ! 
Family photos . A terrible end to a tragically short life . 
Typing in time to the music ..... I start every time I begin listening to the song " Fighting Man " ..... Irresistable beat ! 
Listening to Snow Patrol :) 
Life is Beautiful . 
Stephen Vainas ..... Stephen Vainas is wierd . 
Calvin and Hobbes . How Life * should * be . :) 
Ugh ... cant believe I'm missing Ultmate ... again ! :( :( :( 
So far today I have been told I look like a Wolf , a Poor Orphan Boy , and a European .... 
Busy day . 
Has got a new pair of sunglasses . For the first time . In my life . B ) 
... Gone to Florida ... 
Linkin park concert in Atlanta on january 23 !!!!! Anybody want to go with me ?? :D 
Feels about as awake as a dead-person . 
No Ultimate . So lame . 
Is listening to " VI Sitter I Ventrilo Och Spelar DotA " ...... Uh ..... Yeah .... wierd Romanians ... :P 
FourthMeal ! :D 
More Mowing !!!! Yay* !!!!!....................................................................................................... (* Lie . I HATE ALL THIS MOWING ! X [] ) 
I need a T-Shirt that says " No , I dont work here . I'm just watering all these plants for fun . " 
:O --> :( --> : T --> : I --> : J --> :P --> B ) --> :) --> :D = My Day . 
" The love of Knowledge is a kind of Madness . " - C.S. Lewis , Out of the Silent Planet 
Just returned from the wilds of Sopchoppy Florida ... Yes , I survived the gators , ' skeeters , and ..... White Squirrels ?!?!! 
New Blog Post ... :P 
" I'd follow you back to the beggining , Just to re-live the start , 
Maybe then we'd remember to slow down , At all of our favorite parts ... " 
- Paramore 
" Reality is that which , when you stop believing in it , doesn't go away . " 
Watching Spiderman 1 ..... Classic . 
Full moon .... I'll be heading out to the Shreaking Shack tonight ... 
Is going to the Black Market for a bit shopping ... 
" It's easier to run , 
replacing this pain with something numb . 
It's so much easier to go , 
than face all this pain here all alone ... " 
- LP - Easier to Run 
" * One minute you're on top * 
The next you're not , watch it drop . 
* Making your heart stop * 
Just before you hit the floor . 
* One minute you're on top * 
The next you're not , missed your shot . 
* Making you're heart stop * 
You think you've won , 
And then it's all gone . " 
" Things , aren't , the way they were before . You wouldn't even recognise me anymore . Not that you knew me back then . But it all comes back to me , In , the , End . " - Linkin Park 
I stood in a fire-ant bed today . :) 
Time couldnt go any slower , or move any faster , than this . 
Looking forward to tonight . :) 
I throw my hands up in the air sometimes , sayin " Aaayy-o , Gotta let go " 
I wanna celebrate and live my life , sayin ' " Aaayy-o , Baby lets go " 
-Taio Cruz , Dynamite . :P 
" I , will never be afraid again , 
I , will keep on fighting ' till the end , 
I , can walk on water , I can fly , 
I , will keep on fighting ' till die " 
-BASSHUNTER 
Apparently my hair looks like that of an Anime hero . Now I just have to dye it blue .... :P 
Bleh . 
' cause I dont know how else to say it . 
" I just want a Pepsi " 
Life .. yeah .. wow . : T 
I am 
A little bit of loneliness , 
A little bit of disregard . 
Handful of complaints but 
I can't help the fact 
That everyone can see these scars 
What I want you to want , 
What I want you to feel 
But it's like no matter what I do , 
I can't convince you , to just believe 
This is real 
" Sing sing us a song , and we'll sing it back to you , 
We could sing our own , but what would it be without you ? " 
Apparently I'm now an important enough person at work to get a radio . Now I just need to implement a system of codes ... " Roger that BlueDragon ... we have a Situation 5 in the hydrangea house ... Plant down , Plant Down , I need backup ! " 
Today has been good . and busy . and good . and-Mia-you-dont-have-to-comment-on-this-status . Just IM me if you want . :P 
Sitting in the Mousecave , drinking cold black coffee . 
Night swim . 
The paychecks are rolling in ... " Ima bee brilliant with my millions ... " ... Or hundreds . :P 
aaaahhh ! I can't feel my nose ! 
It's super pretty outside . 
Still recovering my hearing , please be patient if I have to ask you to repeat your question multiple times . Better yet , dont talk to me at all . 
The Newsboys concert was ... loud . 
FRIENDS , ROMANS , COUNTRYMEN ! LEND ME YOUR EARS !............................................ Thank-you ! 
Snow Patrol . is . amazing . 
My hair was too Anime . I got it cut . z :) 
" The Sun goes down , 
I feel the light betray me " 
-Papercut 
John 15:13 . 
" I remember the days , 
When I had no hope . 
I remember the mornings , 
When I didn't get up . 
There is so many things , 
That I'd like to do . 
You are my life . " 
- Basshunter - Dont Walk Away 
:| 
Time is moving insanely fast and super slow . It's " wibbly-wobbly Timey-wimey " . :P 
Tonight was awesome , tommorow is going to be awesome , and life in general is very awesome now ... So much awesomeness ! 
" When you try your best but you don't succeed , 
When you get what you want but not what you need . 
When you feel so tired but you cant sleep . 
Stuck in reverse . 
And the tears come streaming down your face . 
When you lose something you cant replace , 
When you love someone but it goes to waste . 
Could it be worse ? " 
-Coldplay ; Fix You 
It was just suggested to me that when you arent sure wether you want to talk about something then just talk about lettuce . Amazing . :P 
. Lonely Shadows . 
: J 
Change your fb profile to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on fb until Monday , December 6 . Join the fight against child abuse and copy and paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same . - For all the poor little kids who can't help themselves . 
FarCry 2 on a loaded Alienware desktop = Awesome . Graphics all set to Ultra High , 8x Anti-aliasing , and still running smoothe . 
According to one of the customers where I work thinks I need to know the name of EVERY plant we carry . Hmm , I guess I should get busy on that ... 
" Its a new day , Its a bright day , 
Even when you stand in the dark " 
Has played 1362 games of solitaire since buying my computer . Wow . 
Crazy how some people can just go pick up an instrument so easily . Still , I have yet to see anyone pick up a piano . ;) 
Too many plants at work have overly-creative names like " Rum Punch " . Talk about torture to a thirsty soul ! 
IT'S SNOWING . Yay ! :D 
Sunny + Snowy = Awesome 
It's been a fun and busy day . Nice to have people getting back . 
I bought an ascot cap today . It's pretty swell . 
" I will never know myself 
Until I do this on my own .. 
I will never be anything 
`Til I break away from me 
And I will break away 
I'll find myself today " 
-LP Somehwere I Belong 
:) 
" I woke up in a dream today 
To the cold of the static 
And put my cold feet on the floor 
Forgot all about yesterday 
Remembering I'm pretending to be where I'm not anymore " 
" 1 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 
We are nothing but numbers . 
Calling you , Calling me . 
2 , 6 , 7 and 8 , 
I'm sorry but i'm running low , 
Got to go " - Numbers 
" You didnt look out below , watch the time go right out the window ... " - In the End 
" I don't know you well enough for that yet , Princess , but I look forward to the day I do " -- Prince of Persia 
We just sold our house in Savannah ! ... about time ! :) 
Will Marshall : You give me the Willies ! 
" Honestly , can you believe we crossed the world while it's asleep ? 
I'd never trade it in , 
cuz I've always wanted this . 
And , It's not a dream anymore ! 
No , It's not a dream anymore ! 
Its worth fighting for . " 
-Paramore 
Huh ? Oh , sorry , I didn't know you were talking to me ... I was thinking about something else ... :P 
I like good days . :) 
Wednesday = :) 
Now I get to wait a whole year to get this many posts on my wall at the same time again ! :P 
" It's a good day to fly today .... " - Slipstream 
" Like a phoenix , from its ashes , we will rise .... 
Now I've been shaken , but I'm not broken , I won't be breaking , anytime 
I have fallen but I'm not ruined , I keep on movin ' into my , resurrection . " 
- Resurrection , Lupe Fiasco 
Had a blast today ! :D 
I feel kinda like someone stuck a dozen needles into my mouth , turned my face into a ballon , cut my gums to ribbons , stuck pieces of metal in me , and then threaded a needle through my face . Oh wait , they did ! 
" And the Shadow of the day , will embrace the world in gray ... " 
Linkin Park may have A Thousand Suns , but Snow Patrol's got a Hundred Million . :D 
" I've got a tight grip 
on reality but I can't , 
let go of what's 
in front of me here " 
" Work was murder " -The Green Goblin 
" I won't try to philosophize , 
I'll just take a deep breath and I'll look in your eyes . 
This is how I feel , And it's so surreal . 
I got a closet filled up to the brim , 
With the ghosts of my past and the skeletons . 
And I don't know why , You'd even try . 
But I won't lie , You caught me off guard , 
Now I'm running and screaming . 
I feel like a hero and you are my heroine ... " 
Enjoying listening to Story of the Year ... 
Having a time of prayer and fasting .... 
... Praying that someone will make me supper , and fasting until they do . :P 
Fail ... Fail ... Epic Fail ... Fail ... bleh , Life . 
" She's ripping wings off of butterflies " 
Inception : DANG GOOD MOVIE !!!! 
Mondays .. :| 
( This morning at work ) " Hey Peter ! how are you today ? " ... " EXCELLENT !!! " ... " Whoa , what's so good ? " ... " Ohhh , um , Just probably going to be a good day or something " :D 
Keeps getting this crazy urge to use the term " LOL " in normal conversation :P 
Feeling good about how I did on this ACT . I expect that to last three to eight weeks . 
Spent the afternoon baking cookies and listening to Sean Paul :D 
Amy - " Wow , you can sing as high as Katy Perry !!?! " 
yawn-sies . 
" Risk somethin , Take back what's yours , 
Say somethin you know they might attack you for ... 
' Cause I'm sick of being treated like I have before , 
Like I'm stupid standin for what I'm standin for ... " 
- Hands Held High 
Eating dinner at a Bob Evan's somewhere outside of Indianapolis ... 
Reading Calvin and Hobbes while jammin ' to a techno remix of Pachelbel's Canon in D . This is the life ! :D 
You know you're going crazy when you go to microwave something and you start punching in a phone number :P 
I have exactly 100 Facebook friends . 
I like that number . 
Yayness . 
If I get another I'm gonna have to delete someone . 
:D 
Very very confused . 
Just got back from the first ever Alabama- Auburn hockey game . Bama won 11 - 2 . ROLL TIDE !!!! 
Spent the morning shopping ; joining as one with the holiday spirit of frenzied consumerism . 
Pizza and Jackie Chan tonight . Gotta love when the parents go out . :D 
Apparently I'm a con-man . Yay ! :) 
Had an aammmaaaazzzzing week ! :) 
Off to Clarkston for the missions trip today ... 
Sooo ... I've pretty much got the most amazing girlfriend in the world . :] 
From my Fortune-Cookie : " Faint heart never won fair Lady . " ( grammatical errors included :P ) 
" Explain to me , this conspiracy against me . And tell me how , I lost my power . Where can I turn ? Cuz I need something more . Surrounded by uncertainty ... " - Paramore 
I've been playing so much rockband the past few days that I'm getting a blister from the drumsticks . :P 
Sick of being sick . :( 
Taylor Swift , It's no wonder Juliet's dad told Romeo to stay away , the jerk was throwing pebbles at her .... 
thinks The Reindeer Section is pretty swell . 
I LOVE Charleston ! 
Awesome evening out on the town . 
" The bedroom light is flickering , 
To the pounding of your heart . 
You close your eyes and count to ten , 
When they open you are steeled . 
Slow your breathing down to meet , 
All the shadows and the ghosts . " 
- Tired Pony 
Thankful for good friends , good parents , and a Great God . 
You know how some days you're doing all great , and then you see something , and it feels like someone just punched in the stomach ? 
Yup . That's today . 
Why the heck do you want to know what's on my mind you stupid little gray letters ?!?! And how on earth do you actually think I would write it in this little box just because you're asking ?! Ha . I thought so ! ... creep . 
Gone camping ... :) 
Just did the worst I have EVER done on a test . Ugh . 
" I've got the magic in me ( I got the magic , baby ! ) 
Everytime I touch that track it turns into gold ( Yes it turns to gold ! ) 
Everybody knows I've got the magic in me ( I got the magic , baby ! ) 
When I hit the flo ' the girls come snappin ' at me ( They be snappin ' baby ! ) 
Now everybody wants a burst of magic ! " :D :D 
Feeling optimistic today . 
Y'all get scared now !! 
( insert generic holiday greeting here ) 
Apparently Ke$ha dances like she's dumb . 
Somehow I dont think that would be very difficult for her . 
Sick of hope , and sick of losing it . 
In Jamaica they call him the Muffin-Mon . 
Thinking about how embarrassed my kids will be when I'm fifty and I break into song when " Dynamite " or some other now popular song comes on the radio . :P 
Mmm ... If they still * have * radio ... 
Anyone who eats yogurt must be a genocidal maniac . Just think of all those Live and Active Cultures you're destroying !!! 
" Do I trust some and get fooled by phoniness , 
Or do I trust nobody and live in loneliness ? 
Because I can't hold on when I'm stretched so thin 
I make the right moves but I'm lost within 
I put on my daily façade but then 
I just end up getting hurt again 
By myself . " 
-LP 
Just discovered " RED " Freakin ' awesome band ! 
Oh , how I love you , Heavy Metal ! xD 
GE T-T HAT-CORN-OUTA-MY-FACE !!! 
" If it's not real You can't hold it in your hand , 
You can't feel it with your heart , 
And I won't believe it . 
But if it's true , You can see it with your eyes , 
Oh , even in the dark , 
And that's where I want to be , yeah . " 
" a little piece of paper with a picture drawn , 
floats on down the street , 
till the wind is gone . 
The memory now is like the picture was then , 
when the paper's crumpled up , 
it cant be perfect again , " 
- Forgotten 
School starts 2morrow . Finaly . Can I get another summer break in a couple months ? :) 
We watched " A Knight's Tale " today for Sociology class . Who said college was hard ? :D 
" I wanna run away , 
Never say goodbye . 
I wanna know the truth , 
Instead of wondering why . 
I wanna know the answers , 
No more lies . 
I wanna shut the door , 
And open up my mind . " 
-Runnaway 
" I find the map and draw a straight line , 
Over rivers , farms , and state lines . 
The distance from ' A ' to where you'd be , 
It's only finger-lengths that I see . " 
I <3 Rain 
If " All the worlds a stage " ... 
The acting stinks . 
Misses Savannah . :( 
" Just because I'm losing , doesnt mean I'm lost . Doesnt mean I'll stop , doesn't mean I'll cross . Just because I'm hurting , doesnt mean I'm hurt . Doesnt mean I didn't get what I deserve . No better and No worse . " -Coldplay , Lost . 
" Six on the second hand , to New Years resolutions , And there's just no question what this man should do . Take all the time lost , all the days that I cost . Take what I took and give it back to you . " - One Republic < \3 
First day of college . :D 
Listening to Linkin Park's new album " A Thousand Suns ' and totally psyched about it ! XD 
feeling . down 
Live , Laugh , Love . DIE . 
They usually seem to forget that last one . X ) 
All new duds . :D 
" At night when the stars light up my room , 
I sit by myself , Talking to the Moon . 
Trying to get to You , 
In hopes you're on the other side . 
Talking to me too . 
Or am I a fool , 
who sits alone , 
Talking to the moon . " 
" When I see your face , 
there's not a thing I would change , 
cuz you're amazing ... " 
" Woke up in London yesterday , 
Found myself in the city near Piccadilly , 
Don't really know how I got here . 
I got some pictures on my phone , 
New names and numbers that I don't know , 
Address to places like Abbey Road . " 
SAT tommorrow . I feel sick . 
" Let's waste time , 
Chasing cars , 
Around our heads . 
- 
I need your grace , 
To remind me , 
To find my own . " 
-Snow Patrol ; Chasing Cars 
Fall is coming . Yay ! :) 
To the cold and the static 
Forgot all about yesterday ... " 
- With You 
GRRRRR day . :\ 
My friend is IMing me and watching " 10 Things I hate about You " at the same time ... hmmm ... :P 
So what do Rihanna and Bourne have in common ? 
Well for one , neither seems to remember their name ! 
" You're the only thing I love , 
Scares me more every day . 
On my knees I think clearer . " 
- Snow Patrol 
Yesterday was Frisbee , making tacos , baking my specialty chocolate chip cookies , and watching corny sci-fi 
Off to a Group One Crew/Fireflight concert with Amy !! :D 
My bio teacher discussed heart attacks in today . I quietly stepped out for a few minutes to stop myself from passing out . Yup . I'm cool like that . 
Watch out Linkin Park . Move over Coldplay . One Republic , you are now officially my favorite band . :D 
" For this dance we'll move with each other . 
There aint no other step than one foot , 
Right in front of the other ... 
We're marching on " 
" I'll leave when the wind blows , 
Take a breath and there it goes . 
Ill be outside of your window , 
I'll pass by but I'll go slow , 
I'll leave when the wind blows ... 
On every face you'll ever know , 
And everywhere you ever go , 
Youll feel when the wind blows . " 
-All American Rejects 
Somebody seriously needs to make a computer program that writes English papers for you ... 
I have 216 unread e-mails in my inbox . 
0 of them are from actual people . 
Hmmm ... 
I tagged 256 pansies at work today . Yeah . 
.. Oh , and that's the flower , I dont work in human resources ... ;) 
.... African-American Friday .... O . 0 
" In other news , the mysterious snow-clad figure , alias " Jack Frost " ( better known as " Jack the Nipper " ) was arrested today , after he reportedly bit a mail-man's nose right off ... " 
My speakers just made a string of odd beeping sounds . I MUST BE RECIEVING CODED MESSAGES FROM EXTRATERRESTRIALS !!!! 
" I won't say I'm sorry , 
I'll be alright , 
Once I find the other side of , 
Someday ... " 
The God of all grace , who called you to his eternal glory in Christ , after you have suffered a little while , will himself restore you and make you strong , firm and steadfast . To him be the power for ever and ever . Amen . 
1st Peter 5:10 -11 
" You're the only thing I'm sure of , 
And it makes it all so hard . 
All the other things are broken , 
Out of focus . " 
Too full not to eat .... A paradox ! 
" Darkness was cheap , and Scrooge liked it . " 
" I tried to paint you a picture , 
The colors were all wrong . 
Black and white didn't fit ya . 
And all along , 
You were shaded with patience , 
Strokes of everything ... " 
OR - All We Are 
Grrr ... stupid question game !! :P 
" I get lost in the beauty , 
Of everything I see . 
The world ain't as half as bad , 
As they paint it to be . " 
Looking at Cray supercomputers for sale . They have a 36-core , 24 gb ram , model for only $ 50,000 !! :D 
" Days feel harder , night grows longer , 
Summer says its goodbyes . 
Darkness cover , we find shelter , 
Our own place to hide . 
... Oh as the light goes out , 
Facts turn to angels on the run . 
Oh as the night comes in , 
Dreams start their drifting and you hear a lullaby . " 
- One Republic 
I shot myself in the stomach at point-blank with an airsoft shotgun today to see if it would hurt . It did . :D 
Love with Hope , and Hope with Love . 
I feel like beating my head against a wall . What a frustrating evening . 
M[i]LK day ! 
" I Have a Drink ... " 
hhhhhmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm 
" For once I want to be the car crash , 
Not always just the traffic jam . 
Hit me hard enough to wake me . " 
I <3 Snow Patrol 
I really hate days like today . Very much . 
Friday can't come soon enough ........... 
Gone Christmas shopping . :) 
" I feel like I am watching everything from space , 
And in a minute I'll hear my name and I'll wake . 
I think the finish line's a good place we could start , 
Take a deep breath , take in all that you could want . " 
- The Finish Line , Snow Patrol 
Classes have been cancelled three days in a row ! Freakin ' awesomest start to a semester ever ! Now I just have my fingers crossed for a blizzard on Thursday ... .. . 
:P :D :P ;D 
Okay , question ; what did BF originally stand for ? Best Friend , or , Boyfriend ? 
Well , my wish of no classes four days in a row came true . Instead I get to sit at home barfing into a bucket . :| 
" This town is colder now . 
I think it's sick of us ... " 
- O.R 
Life is .... confusing . 
" The President called an emergency meeting today with top Pentagon officials to discuss a strange epidemic that has swept the nation this holiday season . Known only as " glowing eye syndrome " , currently this rare disease is only known to effect tiny tots . " 
I now have four favorite bands , in this order : One Republic , Linkin Park , Snow Patrol , Coldplay . Apparently I like " Experimental " music . :) 
Piano mixes of Linkin Park songs ... XD 
I think I have more blisters on my feet than skin . Ice skating was excruciatingly fun . 
( Facebook status that says nothing and means everything ) 
" Another pale moon , 
Shines like high noon , 
Midnight never felt so cold alone . 
... Just tell me something new , 
Forget about the sunshine when it's gone . " 
-AAR 
" I love weddings ! Drinks all around !! " 
- Capt . Jack Sparrow 
Back on the islands . :) 
At Lou Malnattis pizzeria , in downtown Chicago ... :) 
Breakfast at Ekklesia with Amy :) 
" The earth is warm next to my ear , 
Insect noise is all that I hear . 
A magic trick makes the world disappear , 
The skies are dark , they're dark but they're clear . " 
" I'll be alright , once I find the other side of ' Someday ' ... " 
" Has nobody asked you how you are ? 
You look like you might not last the day . 
I wouldn't have made it very far , 
So we'd make a good team right away . " 
I've been reading this book on biology . It just so happens to be my college textbook for this semester . Which hasn't started yet . Yep , I'm crazy . 
Getting tired of the crowds ... :| 
The awesome weather today is giving me this insanely strong urge to go hiking on mountains . .... But instead it looks like I'll be spending the day in our basement and walmart . I dislike reality . * sigh * 
So this morning I get a surprise and find out I'm graduating highschool in two days . Then this afternoon we decide that I'm going to stay in highschool for the next semester . This has been a reallyyyy zonky day . 
A dark room , Freecell , and beautiful sad music . Strangely comforting . 
It's snowing ! :D :D :D 
Ridiculously awesome weather today for Frisbee and airsoft ... 
" I . can't . get enough , I can't . get enough , I can't stay on the ground , This is taking me now , It's taking me higher , higher , higher off the ground " 
:D :) : J : T :| :\ : L :( :'( :[ .......... Progression of a day . 
I made dinner : Spaghetti , Garlic bread , and an italian carrot salad . 
Glad that's over ! :P 
Not a big fan of being sick . 
Spring weather , shorts , and Basshunter turned up loud . I haven't felt so STUPIDLY HAPPY in months .... B ) 
So happy for my Valentines Kitty ! :) 
Grrrrrrr ... hiccups 
... sooo not gun ! 
Tommorrow . 
It's going to be one of those days . 
Yuck . 
Cooking pork-chops and mashed potatoes for dinner . 
And I don't smell smoke ... Yet 
Getting psyched about Borneo ! 
Butt Cast ! :P 
This skinny white-boy needs to get his tan on . :P 
I hear the ice-cream truck !!!! IIIIIIIICCCCCCEEEEE CREEEAAAMMMMM !!!!!! 
If I were rich I'd eat chocolate chips all day long !!!!!! 
I see Vultures . They are Vultching . 
Made poppy-seed chicken for dinner . 
My hair looks so awesome when I first get up in the morning . As Eminem might put it , " that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano " 
Precal test . : I need I say more ? 
Has a soap-headache . Not cool . 
There's a dude working on our basement that looks just like Chester Benington , lead singer of Linkin Park . Maybe I should ask for his autograph :P 
" There must be somebody back there waving a Magic Wand " 
- My college bio teacher , describing the infinite complexity of cellular respiration . Evolutionists have such great theories :P 
I get tired of being an idiot . 
Not liking this weather ... 
Black Khakis . 
They make me look fat . 
Dear On-Clearance Walmart Tie bought the-night-before-the-wedding ; Somehow you have earned me an inordinate number of compliments today . I do not understand you . But ... okay ! :P 
Lying in the front yard watching the clouds roll by , drinking a cherry coke and listening to Basshunter . An almost idyllic moment . :) 
" We also rejoice in our sufferings , because we know that suffering produces perseverance ; perseverance , character ; and character , hope . And hope does not disappoint us , because God has poured out his love into our hearts . " 
- Romans 5 : 3-5 
Woke up in London yesterday 
Found myself in the city near Piccadilly , Don't really know how I got here . I got some pictures on my phone , New names and numbers that I don't know Addresses to places like Abbey Road , Day turns to night , night turns to whatever we want . " - One Republic 
Dentists with smelly breath . Not cool . 
Starting back at work . :| 
I got a little tiny sunburn today ! Yay ! I don't know why , but this makes me happy !! <3 :D 
I wonder if foot-in-mouth disease is contagious to humans , because I sure do it a lot . :| 
Dear Walmart : why on earth must I SHOW ID to buy COUGH SYRUP ?!? 
Cooked Cajun catfish for Dinner , but I didn't eat much of it . Any meat that I cook scares me :P 
HAAAAHHHHHHGLKGPIJN !!! I discovered tonight that Amp does not give " energy " but it DOES give HYPER !!!! I BE RATTLIN ' YOUR WINDOWS !!!! 
Today = Epic 
Sketchy : When you drive into a Mcdonalds and they have a huge faded sign that reads " Experience our Drive Through " . 
Dissapointments . 
Killer headache . 
Oh yeah , I'm gonna go look something up on " Whackipedia " now ! 
Listening to Simple Plan and Air Traffic . Great bands . :D 
Spent the morning among the alien race known as " Wal-Martians " ... 
Listening to Stone Sour ... 
dear annotated bibliography : I hate your guts . 
Big storm . I like it . 
Aaaah ! Kenney Chesney " Somewhere With You " has been stuck in my head allll day . Oh well , couldn't pick a more awesome song to drive me crazy :P 
Continously re-spawning monsters . I hate them . 
Just got my full ride scholarship to Jeff State . Woot Woot ! 
Irony : When you're stuck in 280 traffic and " Free and Easy down the Road I go " starts playing on the radio . 
WOW . 
" I love this crazy , tragic , 
Sometimes almost magic , 
Awful , beautful life " 
Loading soil at Hannas brings to mind that old adage : 
" It's all fun and games , until somebody gets dirt " 
You know you're cool when : 
You can walk through doors that say " Authorized personnel only " 
8 months , today . 
Family picnic . 
I hate that random bug that flies up , stings the top of your head , and flies away . 
Like , WHAT THE HECK ?!?!? 
Today = Lame-o 
Grillin with the fam . 
Restless . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmrTUXbGGpQ&feature=youtube_gdata_player 
Listening to OneRepublic's old " Dreaming Out Loud " album . It's been much too long . Good stuff . 
My evil english final paper . It's evilness confused me into thinking it was due TOMORROW , not a week from now . Well that wasted my only completely free day . 
<3 The Reindeer Section <3 
Happy even in this weather :D 
My morning so far : Cup of coffee . Breakfast and dishes . Laundry . Shower . Wading barefoot through a bed of Poison Ivy and into our creek to try and catch a 4 1/2 ft . water-snake , with a 50/50 of it being a harmless Brown or a much nastier Copperhead . 
There's no better way to start your day than a good ' ol snake hunt !! 
Leaving for Converge TODAY !! WOOT ! Praying not only for an AWESOME time with friends but more importantly an AWESOME time with God , and a much needed recharge of my spiritual batteries . ( excuse the cheesy metaphor :P ) 
Tired . 
:( 
I can't turn on the radio without feeling sorry for all those poor Pop-singers who have stuttering problems and other speech impediments ... :( 
I don't want to wake up . 
Crud it all ! I can't find my Moss-Covered Three-Handled Family Gredunza Anywhere !!! 
Graduation Party tonight ! :D 
What's better than Evanescence ? Evanescence feat . Linkin Park !! 
And that link totally disappeared ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wXcdYBh3hgg&feature=youtube_gdata_player 
Yawn . 
Went swimming in our pool for the first time this summer ! It was freeeeeeeeeeezing cold but it felt reallllly good . 
I'm HOT . 
No no not like that , I mean it's warm out :P 
Really wants to be on the beach at Tybee Island Georgia , catchin ' some waves and rays and hanging out with Stephen Vainas . 
Like right now . 
The Witcher 2 : Assasins of Kings comes out in just a few days !!!!! Can you tell I'm EXCITED ? 
Oh , you cant ? :/ 
WELL I AM !!! :D 
I feel ... so ... empty ... inside . 
It must be lunch time !! :D 
One by one the young trees in our front yard are being felled by the powerful mandibles of ... The NightBeaver 
Just Graduated . Hmmm . 
Two days until The Witcher 2 hits stores !!! Aaaaaah !!! The suspense is killing me !!!!! ¡¡¡¡¿ 
Back home from graduation , got off those uncomfortable clothes that are baggy in all the wrong places , put on some comfy jeans and my favorite hoodie grabbed some hot chocolate and am now sitting in the MouseCave gloating over the awesomest new game that will be mine in two days :) 
Connor McCullers . 
Now dominating your newsfeed . 
" It's beginning to feel a lot like Christmas .... " 
Brrrrr . 
Just ordered my new Kodak MAX camera . Can't wait to try out that sweet 30x optical zoom !!! :D 
I have come to the conclusion that Great Value chocolate milk is one and the same as Great Value chocolate Ice-cream . They just melt it and put it in a milk jug . :P 
Did I mention that my new camera has a 12-MP BSI CMOS Sensor , 28 mm Wide angle lens , 30x optical zoom , and shoots 1080p HD video ? ( Not to mention a whole slew of other features like a built in panoramic shooting ) . 
Well it does . 
This has been a wierd afternoon . 
" At a moment like this , I can't help but wonder , what would Jimmy Buffet do ? " 
If you don't see me on Facebook or IM very much for a while , it's because I've got higher priorities . 
Like The Witcher 2 : Assasins of Kings 
A customer had me buckle the seatbelts in his car around his plants . He must have been a very bad driver :P 
" Like Saturn's rings 
An icy loop around me 
Too hard to hold ... 
And it's beginning to get to me 
That I know more of the stars and sea 
Than I do of what's in your head " 
-Snow Patrol 
" Some things I'll never know , And I had to let them go . 
I'm sitting all alone , Feeling empty . 
I can feel the pressure , It's getting closer now . 
You're better off without me . " 
Relaxing on a float in the pool with an ice cold coke and a bowl of ice-cream really wears me out :P 
Going on an 8 day cruise in the Galapagos next month ! :D 
Verrryyy sleeeeepyyyy ! I wonder why ?!?! :) 
Doesn't get it . 
" Somewhere weakness is our strength , 
And I'll die searching for it . 
I can't let myself regret such selfishness . 
My pain and all the trouble caused , 
No matter how long 
I believe that there's hope 
Buried beneath it all and 
Hiding beneath it all , and 
Growing beneath it all " 
Once you get five FB " check ins " at Ekklesia you get a free drink of choice ! Yayness ! :D 
I like fall . It's not hot , and you can wear awesome clothes like hoodies and jeans without dying of heatstroke . 
" ... I can't do this all on my own , no I know , I'm no Superman . " 
Just a few days until the Galapagos . Crazy . :D 
Not sure why they just had to have the New Zealandic Driftwood-Art exhibition ( with live music and lots of wine ) in the hallway right outside of our hotel room tonight :| 
Tomorrow is my eighteenth birthday . In Ecuador you are legally an adult at eighteen . But the day after tomorrow I'm flying back to the U.S. and it'll another three years . 
Either that's really great or it really stinks , I'm not sure which ! But yay for my one day of being an adult !!! :D 
Home-sickity-sick . :( 
Ecuador sure was fun , but yay for being home !!! 
Rocking to Paramore . And unpacking . And rocking to Paramore . 
A Haz-Mat suit would've been useful for unpacking those socks . 
And a Flamethrower . 
Crysis 2 is an awesome game . Especially when played on an Alienware at the highest graphics settings . 
You may now take a moment to ponder this and be jealous . :P 
I hate error messages like this one I just got : " Object reference not set to an instance of an object " 
Like whaaaaat ??? 
Alienware + Nvidia 3D Vision = A killer combination . 
But enough FB , back to 3D dragonslaying . :D 
