is pretty exhausted after having a massive toothache last night . Looking forward to bed . 
is expecting to wake up tomorrow and feel very silly . 
is wishing he had better ( cheaper , with less cap ) internets so he could download the Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas soundtrack . Also : Writing . Heaps . 
is sleepy and waiting for a shirt to dry in front of the heater so he can shower . No writing today . I don't write when tired and/or hungover . I should drink more sugar .. (-ry drinks . ) 
is no longer loving it =/ And my v key isn't working ( cheated with on-screen keyboard for this status ) 
is looking forward to getting more sleep tonight -_- 
is kind of >.< Drinking a second night after 6 hours sleep . Drinking games = = intoxication . Eek . At least there's someone new .. 
is considering putting uni off till next year so I can have a car again and ( hopefully ) get a place all to myself . 
Wow . Jackson's dead . Holy shit . I hope he's remembered for his accomplishments and not the rumours .. 
would like to meet an engineer willing to hack Aurora PAYG power cards 
Is never doing a weekend like that again . My head feels strange . Then again , I broke my glasses .. probably has something to do with it . 
has just finished the second draft of his book and is * looking for people to read it * ( Get your attention ? ) Yeah . I'll give you details of the kind of feedback I'm looking for when you get in contact =) Thanks . 
just slept fifteen hours . Brain is all ' Wow . Fresh face!' 
woo house to myself until Friday 
another dozy weekend day after drinks . Glad its still only Saturday . 
is very cold and very tired and looking forward to getting back to work 
could do with some sleeping pills 
is not a question mark , he is an exclamation point . 
is sleepy and kind of looking forward to his week in a house by himself 
Myspace is for networking , Facebook is for friends . With that in mind , I'm considering deleting some here .. 
may not be on the net for a couple of days . We're out of bandwidth and little cash until Thursday . 
is waiting for the jaw/tooth pain to fade so I can eat breakfast . Goddamn it . 
Some ask : What if you could be god for a day ? I ask : Why not be god everyday ? 
Shit . The bank took the last of my monies for transaction fees :( 
is sleepy and about to go to bed . Meanwhile , as ambitious as ever . 
Elizabeth Harbin , North Carolina . On people criticizing her for being into me : ' I tell them to fuck off and see if they can find someone as good for them as you are for me . ' <3 
just found out the people I were planning on drinking with tonight are broke -_- 
is thinking it was a bad idea to stay up writing instead of sleeping .. now its midday and I'm too tired to concentrate . Oh well . 
is cracking bad taste jokes with Pud as usual . I swear half ( three quarters ) of the world would want to kill me for some of the shit I come out with . The rest would pay to hear it . 
" Whats the hardest bone in a Tasmanian girl's body ? Her brothers " - Ellie Young 
is tiring of being woken to a neighbourhood bogan revving their car 
27 hours since last cigarette . Thanks to the miracle of antidepressants , I dont feel shit . Just a bit antisocial , a bit distracted , a bit paranoid . Tomorrow morning it will be gone . Looking forward to it . Sigh . I love you Mrs. Towns . 
proposes that " I " and " will " are the two most important words in the English language 
just got home from a second night of drinking 0_o Well actually , my eyes are more like 0_0 
is working on going to bed * yawn * 
slept on and off through most of of the day . Intending to write for a couple of hours . I have a horny teenager on my back , though .. 
Rawr . Looking forward to drinking tonight . 
is slightly drunk , stoned , sleepy and heading to bed 
its in the vaganus 
4 am .. what the fuck am I still doing up ? 
As beautiful as a church packed with dynamite 
is sleepy , is smoking again , is planning to have the first writing binge in two weeks tomorrow morning 
needs more sleep :( 
just did his tax return . Wish my refund was going to be bigger .. 
is taking a break from writing to talk to his " internet girlfriend " as people call her . 
is sick of being tired =( More sleep tonight plz . 
just had his shit tooth out . Lol mouth numbness . 
Hello , my name is Kyle and I'm a workaholic 
Those that are reading my book : How is it working out for you ? 
just finished five hours of writing . Loving it . I'll be even happier when I'm getting paid . 
is sleepy , stoned and intoxicated once again . 
is sleepy from writing all day . Also , addicted to Monster Magnet . 
is going to fuck you with a lightsaber 
can't sleep . Getting up until 6 am . 
if something is a threat to your relationship with the world either conquer or destroy it before it drags you down 
in Burnie until Monday . If anyone wants to meet up and hang/drink , I'm in . ( But I am unfortunately also broke .. ) 
I don't care if this or that person has been abused . Don't invite me to causes . Being abused , abusing people and getting over it when it happens to you is a part of life =/ I wish you would all get over it . Also : Please see previous status for important information . 
I wouldn't hesitate to kill to get what I want , as long as it didn't compromise my interests . Never underestimate me . ( Simply stating whats on my mind . ) 
is probably going drinking soon . What a week . Sorry to everyone for being a cunt , the storm is slowly blowing over . x 
is listening to Nine Inch Nails with the tempo set to 115% Sounds like dance music with guitars . 
Drinking and in a good mood . Sorry to everyone for being a cunt this week , the storm is slowly blowing over . x 
is thinking his sister resembles Marilyn Manson having a really bad day w/out makeup . Feeling a bit hyper . Sleepy . The end . 
I should be ignored . Seem to be in some kind of transitional period digging massive holes for myself with everyone close to me . Take this is as a warning . I'm very serious >.< In other news : Slept 8 hours , still feel like I need to sleep for 15+ 
is excited 
Rawr . Drinking in penguin tonight . Looking forward to some fun tiems . 
4 am : wants to shoot whoever is responsible for waking me up at 3 am with a sub . 5 am : New plan : Stay awake and play games until 9 . Appointment at 10 . Sleep . Write . >.< 
in case anyone is interested - I'm close to finishing the first rough draft of a trilogy . Plan is as follows : Finish this one , write first draft of second book . Go back and polish my first , separate book . Write the third rough draft of the trilogy and then start rewriting/editing . Once I'm done , * then * I think I'll feel its time to seek out an agent . 
having trouble leaving comments etc . =/ 
is kind of lol and facepalm and .. shakes head at sister who ran away from home 
is about to go to bed , missing one entire night of sleep . Staying with parents in Burnie indefinitely , scored loan of my sister's boyfriend's laptop w/ wireless so I shall be lounging around loving it for a bit . 
' I'm witteyy .. witty and complacent .. I'm witteyy , witty and complacent . And we don't careeee . ' ? 
needs a ride from the Burnie cinema to three mile line tomorrow ~ 4pm . Let me know if you can do it . ( Text ) 0448756200 
I like what I do , I do what I like . Bemused by my Dad's angst and getting up early because there's so little to do here , it doesn't really matter if I'm awake or sleeping . 
is sick of hearing about this Sandilands guy . Its not like a 1/4 of the population don't crack bad taste jokes anyway . Let him go . 
Ugh . Uninspired . I miss being a smoker . 
' Fuck ! Eat ! Kill ! And do it again!' 
ended up grabbing around five hours of sleep in the middle of the day . No writing occured until 2 am . Staying up with coffee as I type :o ) ( It needs to be done ! ) 
just woke up after sleeping 14 hours . It feels weird being all energetic at 8 oclock at night . Looking forward to partying =) 
is exhausted . New glasses , yay ^_^ 
is sleepy and tired of reinstalling everything =/ 
is chilling , listening to Triple J's Hottest 100 Of All Time . Currently on Led Zeppelin - Stairway to Heaven . 
says life is too short to waste on strangers 
This is business not pleasure , baby . This business of pleasure , baby . 
is lol at people taking over my facebook 
is still awake and drunk + tired at 6 am . Just mildly f***cked up . Fitting end to the f***ked up week . Oh look , I censored myself . 
ACE VENTURA ! PET DETECTIVE ! 
is about to get on a bus to Launceston because tonight I'm going to be a pirate . Yarr . 
Just fully realised it was Friday night . Hmm .. If anyone in Burnie wants to do something , I now have a car . 
is amazingly sadistic without a lot of sleep . Watching Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas , listening to Manson and loving it . Burnie in an hour . 
is pondering the fact that I don't truly have any empathy , I'm only afraid of what I stand to lose and I'm wondering what the end price will be in the number of relationships destroyed . Because I am capable of valuing a person , even if I can't truly care like most of you . 
Spare Manson ticket . Brisbane , October 17 . Contact Jassy Jay 
Internet forums : Its all about asskissing , oppression and dog-eat-dog dramas . Sometimes the human race depresses me . 
is bored of people with no sense of humour 
Not sure where my earlier status update went but yeah . Back in Launceston . Pirate party tonight . Pumped . 
sleepy , seedy Sunday . Had a good night . I have no phone credit until further notice . 
was offered a laptop for $1500 . I countered with a hire-purchase agreement of $25 per week for two years . Lets see if he goes for it . 
Danger : self-obsessed egoist on the prowl 
Dont change yourself for the world , force the world to change for you . 
has ( temporarily ) misplaced my phone . If you've texted me since yesterday and I haven't gotten back to you , yeah .. Leave a message . Soz . 
nearly 36 hours awake . Wow . ... You know , if you haven't tried pot its like a really light version of being extremely tired . Except your eyes feel normal when you're stoned , and you don't lose your intelligence =/ I have a hunch this status is good testament to that fact . 
is waiting while his computer recovers 20gb of lost data 
is really friggin ' tired . Yes , I'm sick of saying it . Sleep tonight . 
ever notice the first to advocate forgiveness are often the last to grant it ? 
Whats on my mind ? A shitload . Ended one ( best ) friendship this week , gained another , endangered a third . My car is finally fixed . I'm not sleeping enough and .. what happened ? This week has been mental . 
just tossed his " one ring " into the fires of Mount Doom . I destroyed " my precious " to save myself . One less friend , to be exact . 
is getting just a little tired of pulling knives out of my back . You know who you are . And so do I . 
is once again finding himself wanting it all done NOW . And reminding myself that time isn't short , that I've accomplished more this year than many manage in a lifetime . 
Whatever doesn't kill yoouuuu .. is gonna leave a scar 
woof , woof , woof .. woof , woof , woof .. This neighbourhood dog has been barking for so long I think I'm beginning to understand . Girlfriend shut him out of the kennel and he's afraid of the full moon . 
Slept ~ 12 am - 5 pm . Decided to go back on sleeping pills for the time being . * yawn * 
I don't write for my audience , I write for me . Any true ' artist ' creates only to satisfy his or her own passion , to liberate their imagination and maybe to capture a moment of pure , unadulterated personal expression . If you write for fans , you're nothing more than a glorified journalist . 
is sleepy at a friend's house . Woken up early ftl . Listening to Manson on laptop before leaving . Apparently he's a " faggot " xD 
started work on the second draft of his new book today . Wish I had more ( quiet , alone ) time to work on it ! 
still has a lot on his mind . Still feel like I need to sleep through a day . All life-changing decisions are now on hold before I fuck something up . 
is feeling irritable . Stuck in writing limbo for a while . 
convinced friends to come over . Sitting around my bedroom floor with music pumping and bourbon dripping from the bottle \m/ 
just isn't in the mood to work today . Bleh . Oh yeah , its Sunday .. xD 
is listening to the Presidents of the U.S.A. and thinking this guy totally has the same accent as Kurt Cobain . It'd be amusing if either band had covered the other xD 
I'll be your lover , I'll be forever , I'll be tomorrow , I am everything when I'm high 
is looking forward to things being good again . Shouldn't be long . I'm the guy that builds the light at the end of the tunnel . 
I can see clearly now the ( insomnia ) is gone .. 
has pruned this status down to : I am good , about to sleep . Not a lot of work is being done but I'm confident the obstacles won't last long . Take two adventurers contemplating crossing a mountain ; one plans the shit out of that idea , the other just sets his sights on the end goal and rushes off confident he can improvise and overcome whatever hits him along the way . For better or worse , I'm the latter . 
SAVE A PENGUIN - FUCK A SQUIRREL 
sleeeeeeeeepy . Funeral and family shit all day . Cool to see people though =) 
Gah . My comments and the fact I've read my messages won't ' save . ' 
now only 90% inappropriate 
Evan Rachel Wood naked =O < end perve > 
less drama plox 
just wrote a letter and drew a picture for his girlyfriend . Along with presents , its going in the mail tomorrow . 
just looked through the blacklist of internet sites to be blocked by the Australian Government . I'm disgusted and offended that anyone dare try to take my * internationally free * right to free access of information away from me . If Australia lays down and cannibalises itself of its freedoms I will say to anyone that chose to be ignorant or chose to let it slide : you deserve everything you get . Liberty will die . 
I am made of scars . Armored like a tank and built for destruction , rebirth and enlightment ; you pointed out the wounds of the earth . 
had a busy day . Went to Launceston and back and is now officially a Burnie resident again . Relative died , girlfriend's birthday .. 
woke at 7 , writing ^_^ 
gets annoyed by cops and concerned citizens in newspapers . I thought peer pressure was supposed to end in highschool ? Fuck off and let me do my own thing in peace . 
I'm one of those rare people that watches a good vs . evil movie and truly feels a passionate empathy with the bad guy . I think if you use intelligence , wit and cunning to achieve something then you deserve it . All I can do is analyze why the majority of people disagree . 
Retweeting Elizabeth Harbin from Twitter : kyle_towns and I are the Mickey and Mallory of a new generation . Be very , very scared . 
Just a shout out to anyone who just received an invitation to ' become a fan ' of me . This is my writing page and I'd ask you to check out my stuff , see what you think . I've got the first chapter of a book out there , more coming soon . Thankyou . 
finds it amusing I've been voted ' most absentee ' ie . most likely to skip class . Just on the notion itself - it depends if there's anything worth learning ! 
every person that tries to convince me I can't do what I want ( e.g. be an author ) is only going to make me more determined . I look forward to ignoring those that will turn around and compliment me . Fuck backstabbers , fuck socialism , fuck conformity and fuck all claims of power . 
suddenly feels like having a drink with David Shore . 
is pondering self-publishing with lulu.com 
and Elizabeth Harbin - the Mickey and Mallory for a new generation . Hands up ! 
getting there , getting there , getting there .. Looking at my future is like looking at the horizon , out at sea . Its a long way off and there's a lot of crap to wade through before you get there . And then BAM (!) tropical island . ( Hopefully without things that will eat me . ) 
You know you must have been drunk when you don't remember 90% of the photos from the night before =/ 
Writing today . Listening to Rob Zombie's new track ' Sick Bubble-gum ' on bravewords.com KnuckleTracks . 5/10 . 
is having trouble finding a job and REALLY needs $2k to get myself in a good position to continue writing . Any ( decent ) suggestions ? 
is hoping to get more work done soon . Also : I love laptops . In my parent's basement with my mum , smoking a cigarette before I go to bed , on wireless internet . 
" I will tell you what I will do and what I will not do . I will not serve that in which I no longer believe , whether it call itself my home , my fatherland , or my church : and I will try to express myself in some mode of life or art as freely as I can and as wholly as I can , using for my defence the only arms I allow myself to use - silence , exile , and cunning . " James Joyce - A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man 
" Its nice to be important but its more important to be nice . " I always thought this was stupid . I counter with : Its great to be liked but its more important to be happy ( and in my case , successful . ) 
Reading this makes me want to punch someone . Really hard . http://bit.ly/7E4ETG 
For once I don't have enough time ( mainly because Adobe Acrobat is HUGE . ) Reminder to self : Make sample and full book PDFs , finish up kyletowns.blogspot.com . Organise release . 
" I watched Inglorious Basterds the other day . Cool movie , bro . .. Brad Pitt was the worst part of the film . He reeks of black kids . " - Genna Derry 
Conflict charges me because it reminds me that my position is often controversial yet no less valid than any other . I'm often forced to fight for my equal standing just for being different . I won't be destroyed . The events behind this statement are coming soon . 
Just spend a while buggering around with Facebook code . Now I have sexy boxes with book information on my Facebook Page and profile . Hooray ! ( Yeah , I'm blowing time ;) 
is perving on Elizabeth Harbin .. >_> 
<3 Miss Elizabeth Harbin 
Just had an idea so simple , I don't know why it never occurred to me . I need $2k to move forward , right ? No job opportunities , slow income . But I'm a self-motivated writer with potential . All I need is a few months of ( alone ) time . So .. I need to be an investment opportunity . Calling all rich grandmas , Kyle needs a loan . Will pay 15% interest . Return in under a year . Yeah , I wish . 
Fill in the blank : Before the end of 2009 , you and I should _____ . 
" As things stand now , I am going to be a writer . I'm not sure that I'm going to be a good one or even a self-supporting one , but until the dark thumb of fate presses me to the dust and says ' you are nothing ' , I will be a writer . " — Hunter S . Thompson 
Elizabeth Harbin is one of the very few people in the world that I've disagreed with only once or twice . I love you , honey . =P to everyone else . 
Had an idea when I woke up this morning . Human Pool : Toss a coin for Yellow or Red to pick your town . First to kill seven cops outside their station . Two shots to your competitor if you fuck one up . The black ball can be a public figure but they have to be at least a Mayor . 
" What's on your mind ? " Nothing that I want to discuss in public . 
has felt apathetic all day today and its scary ( but being calm is nice , I guess . ) 
Christmas sucks . One person gets stressed and snappy and then everyone is wired and jittery . I should be used to it . 
Goddamn it , just realised most of my posts and status ' etc . would have been invisible to most of you since the privacy settings change . 
Hurrah , first chapter of my second book finalised . Loving it =) 
Facebook will never start charging you . Joining a group will not change your profile colour . Are you people really so daft as to believe these things ? 
I think I put too much salt in this curry . Tastes sweet . 
is sleepy and intoxicated and oh , wow .. its 5.30 in the morning . 
is checking in from Burnie . Moar internets later . 
So , going back to Harry Potter : If J.K. Rowling's " spells " are real , why can't I kill people simply by saying ' Avada Kedavra' ? I'm certainly not lacking in willpower . How handy would that be ! 
Currently playing the five hours sleep song . 
Looking forward to another night of drinking . Was already loving the writing , day just got even better . 
Slept 12-6 pm or thereabouts . Tonight will be a couple of hours gaming an early night I think . 2010 ? Its a chance to finish what I started in 2009 . 
When you think about it , Mary , mother of Jesus , was probably the first case of date rape . Innkeeper slips something into her drink .. Tada ! 
I don't understand why people are proud of Australia . It could do with a LOT of improvement . Which brings me to a point - why do so many blame America ? Glass houses and all . 
is about to head out . Drinking goon and one dollar coke at the moment . Lol . 
Isn't gluttony a sin ? Yet on what used to be a celebration of Jesus ' birthday , we eat like pigs and roll around in self-indulgence ( greed . ) ( I'm actually anti-religious . The thought amused me because it seems a hypocrisy is formed . I'm told sinners have no excuses yet here we are . ) 
Dropped one Cassandra Barrett at the airport for a 6.30 am flight . I haven't been up this early ( woke at 4 am ) in years . Sorry to see you go ! I know I'm an insensitive ass but you had your moments =) 
is so incredibly exhausted . Why , oh why , did I decide to pull a 24 hour day ? 
has met and is helping a thirteen year old escape an abusive home . I can't really say more without giving them away . We won't abandon you . 
Doing some maintenance on Cassandra Barrett's computer . You owe me , Cassie . 
Caught up with 10 hours of sleep . Could still sleep another 8 xD 
Max Barry : ' I am in Melbourne Australia and it is 2010 and OH GOD THE ROBOTS ARE KILLING EVERYONE ' 
The virgin Mary claims she gave birth to Jesus without having any sexual intercourse . ' Rohypnol ' - Confusing women for 2000 years - @Funnyjoker 
MAX Employment in Burnie have the worst customer service ever . 
URGENT : Would anyone who has a copy of my first book mind emailing to me ? I had to reformat the main drive in my computer .. not sure how recent my backups are , so just to be sure .. 
Passed download limit for the month :( Damn internet sharing xD 40gb is not enough for three teenagers and an adult . 
is tired and sick of having computer networking issues >.< 
Monetization + the internet = Sometimes you can never tell the difference between someone who is sincerely bad at English and/or a n00b compared to a fake account . I play it safe and go with the latter . 
This is my I-am-emotionally-retarded face . Reserved for strangers and photographs only . 
Capitalism : if you won't do it , someone else will . 
" Socialism is the doctrine that man has no right to exist for his own sake , that his life and his work do not belong to him , but belong to society , that the only justification of his existence is his service to society , and that society may dispose of him in any way it pleases for the sake of whatever it deems to be its own tribal , collective good . " - Ayn Rand 
" Life isn't about finding yourself . Life is about creating yourself . " -George Bernard Shaw ( I don't even know who this dude is , I just saw someone else quoting it and I agree =P ) 
wishes people weren't so negative , especially about themselves . 
found a microphone ^_^ ( Yes , Phillip Bunton , technically you found it . ) 
Couldn't sleep so I found a unit to apply for . Finishing the application later today . 
random night . Was in the emergency room 1-4 am with sister and her boyfriend . Misdiagnosed severe tonsilitis - he couldn't breathe in the end . 
David Shore says : fucking windows safety scanner bullshit . its a fucking text document Kyle says : rofl 
Thoughts ? " The rich get all of the money , pay none of the taxes . The middle class pays all of the taxes and does all of the work . The poor exist basically to scare the shit out of the middle class . " - George Carlin 
Christianity would have you believe that if you commit sin and do not ask forgiveness from God , you * will * go to hell . God's existence has never involved hard evidence . One statistic says 1 in 2 car trips end in a car accident . Now does that stop you from driving ? 
Bought kyletowns.com =D 
is going to marry Elizabeth Harbin one day . I guarantee it . 
loves Elizabeth Harbin 
It's hotter than Emma Watson in here =/ 
Roses are red , Violets are blue , I've got a knife , Now get in the fucking van - @Funnyjoker 
Hey what . New design . Hmm . Win . 
Inspecting a flat for potential rental Friday . KyleTowns.com live and 99.9% finalised . Already completed the design for next book theme . Preparing parents's old house for potential sale . I <3 productivity . So busy ! 
Resolving lethargy with Coca-Cola . Another family reunion . 
I heart chicken . 
I'm in a state of personal head-desk over the past couple of days . Its a pity the me-with-no-sleep never listens to the directions of the normal version . 
Kellie Broadby : " Why is it considered completely awful to tell the truth if it's a negative ? Like telling someone they've put on weight ? " Kyle Towns : " Because people can't take the truth . The world is dominated by people who hate liars yet want to dress shit up as gold . In other words : go figure . Either way I think we're undeserving of criticism for saying it like it is . " 
When you want it , it goes away too fast . Sometimes you hate it , always seems to last . Just remember : when you think you're free .. 
My tweet-mouth is jammed . Oh dear . Well : Yesterday went by in a fog from lack of sleep . Today , I sat around the hospital , bored , with Dad . Next week , I move . 
Meant to post this yesterday : spent most of the last 12 hours either sleeping or in the emergency room . Parents both had issues . Non life-threatening . Looking forward to some decent sleep tonight . 
Am I the only person that thinks female teachers sleeping with male teenagers is hot ? I mean , come on , they're young , horny , the teachers are hot . As if there's any " taking advantage " involved . 
Ugh , so hot . My face is sunburnt >.< Hung out with Ali Haze today =) Good times . 
' I went to god just to see .. ' 
3 AM update : Reinstalling Windows ... xD ( No data loss involved , however . ) 
I'm not at liberty to share whats on my mind BUT I'm now renting a place . I move next fortnight . For those interested : Dad is recovering well . 
Never let it be said I have no self control . There's something I want to do VERY BADLY .. but I just have to wait . Strategy : the best way to win since year 0 . 
Two cigarettes and I'm quitting ( pre-moving and writing again . ) This is going to be a tough week . 
$400+ power bill . One bedroom unit . Something isn't right here . 
Spent the early hours of yesterday morning looking after an abandoned kitten I found outside . So tired >.< Kitty is now at the shelter . 
Australia is so small . Guy bought my washing machine on eBay , moved here from Queensland , turns out to the father-in-law of my cousin . Wtf . 
Most say give freely , love your neighbour . I say denying yourself & your own importance is the first step towards depression . 
Sleepeh . 
I went to God just to see , and I was looking at you . 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes guys =) Much love xox 
Phone and internet finally up at my new place . I move my stuff in Tuesday/Wednesday . 
Now I remember what seedy feels like . 
Shorewell parents make me lol with their inability to direct and/or raise their kids without screeching , yelling and/or hitting them . Seriously , they almost need a subspecies for lack of intelligence . 
Hooray for sleep ! 
There's nothing cooler than being someone's masturbation material . So ... why do ( some ) girls complain about it again ? 
Anyone want to give me a hand moving ? Only need a hand shifting some larger stuff ie . bed , tables etc . If you have a ute/van/truck/large car that would do . 
is back online and .. 85% settled in at the new place . Phwooar . Now to relax . I'll start writing again in the next day or so =o ) ^_^ 
Needs two ' business ' references for a rental application . Of those of you I've worked with , would anyone be interested in helping me out ? ( They may not even call you , of course . ) 
I need someone willing to edit fiction for fun . Find flaws in my stories , notice typos , help make make a work saleable . I will give you 5% of my gross profit for your full commitment . 
Advice from experience : Burn your past and move on before it destroys you . 
Lol at the parent next door . ' Get in the fuckin ' bath ! Get in the fuckin ' bath!' * kid starts crying * ' Do you want me to hit ya ?! ' Useless . 
thinks Kelly Elizabeth Hines is the most fantastic girl on this planet . That is all . 
Resumes work on Novel 2 tonight . Pumped =) 
" Last month , Time Warner Cable in the United States had to apologize after it put out restricted porn on children's television for two hours in the state of North Carolina . " XD 
" I had a good shit . " 
Just woke up after sleeping 12 hours . Go messed up sleeping patterns ! Now to do some writing :3 
1107 : The last time I hung out with you was .. xD Jesus . Nearly seven years ago . Holy shit . You seemed rather spontaneous , intelligent , interesting . I doubt those traits would have changed much . 
Exhausted , but content . 50% of moving complete . Tomorrow is an unavoidable break .. for the most part . 
Blarg . Insomnia . Blarg . 
One third through my third draft . Loving it . 
Again , for the comments since the last time I said this : Thankyou for all the birthday greetings =) Heading out soon . 
Yeah , just fyi : I'm working on my next book . And probably another after that and so on . I'm going to be quiet for quite a while . A preview of any/each will be available when I'm done . I'm back on the train . ( The destination , to state the obvious , is a book deal . ) 
sleeping patterns have been all over the place the last few days . Other than that : life consists of writing , eating , sleeping and spending time with the girlfriend . Life pretty much couldn't be better . 
fdfhfjklfjkl ; dfsjlasdfl ; 22 hours awake . 
My creepy , fat , 40 year old , male neighbour asked me out to dinner >.< Doesn't take a hint . 
In case anyone gives a shit : I moved ( again ) . I now live alone . I'm writing again , second book ETA 2-3 months . Previously unfinished work will be making an appearance . I am no longer engaged . Four year relationship ended on bad terms . Now with Kelly Elizabeth Hines , couldn't be happier . We shall conquer the earth together . Or at least develop large bank accounts along the way . Money is Freedom . 
Looking forward to going to the doctor Tuesday . So tired of being tired . 
in an attempt to head off a food shortage , improvised and baked his own bread . Tastes fucking epic . 
Oh yeah : flour+water smells like sperm . Or vice versa . Kyle Towns : sex education for the underpriveleged , or so it seems , sometimes . 
Easy way to rid yourself of a stalker : eat a mouthful of garlic and kiss them . They'll never come near you again . 
Any major operation comes with casualties - sounds like something out of the army . Well - I've moved . At the expense of damaging the insides of my left wrist and having a computer that won't start xD 
Just dreamt I was at a deviantart.com theme park . Fuck , that was cool . 
So you burn one bridge and eventually you find another . 
" To love a nude model's body is no more degrading than loving a 
physicists mind . " - http://pelicanh.deviantart.com/ 
Just watched my old Youtube vids . Man , there were a lot of fun times . And I'm not friends with 99% of those people anymore xD Oops . Also : Every single cool event filmed involved alcohol . Such a pity . 
Apparently ' I want to rape you with my mouth ' is not a good pickup line . I kid . 
Woke up with bitter memories of someone I used to know . Its probably a good thing the law exists because a bathtub and a few bottles of drain cleaner seem awfully appealing . 
Read through the first 1/4 of my newest book for the first time in a few months . And : I love it ! And then I needed to rewrite some . Laid down to plan out the best way ... and fell asleep >> 
Apologies for the spammy page invitation I just sent out . I * knew*the page was dodgy , I was just trying to get far enough to have something to report it with . 
Just thought of what my next ad is going to read : Fuck Twilight , Read Tadpole . 
I guarantee you by the time Natasa Kopcak and I are done , its going to be a much better book . 
I think its rather inconsiderate to play rock music at 11.30 pm when your neighbour sleeps directly above you . Oh well . 
Now playing : Marilyn Manson - The Reflecting God 
is having another week of insomnia . For your reference : I'm not ignoring anyone on purpose , I'm just not awake . Will reply to any messages eventually . 
; now with more rage than a Melbourne taxi driver 
Just announced the fourth winner of a copy of my first book ! One week left ! Hit ' like ' to be a winner @ http://bit.ly/6kM3q4 
Third draft down . One more to go before I pass the book to my editor . Working title : The Rockstar 
was still logged into Facebook on my housemates MacBook .. 
So , according to Wikipedia , I've just learnt that novels only have to be just over 40,000 words . Whew ! That's a relief . I was aiming for over 80,000 . You might see the book sooner now , folks . And with a better ending . 
16 : You're short , hot , intelligent , and intellectual . What better combination of traits is there in the universe ? 
So much for reverting my sleeping patterns to normal . I can't sleep tonight . Blegh . 
has returned to Burnie . Here until New Years Eve . Let me know if you'd like to hang out . Literally , anyone . I'd like to take this opportunity to meet up , because I won't be back again for a while . 
Has a severe itch to get back to work . Hoping to access my files this afternoon . Hooray for Windows Live Sync ! 
Curious to hear RiotGod's new album in September . 
Loving the Antichrist Superstar this week . 
Lol at the football . 
Random Burnie person : Please turn off your alarm . 
Slept eight hours , hurrah . Now of course , I'm going to rush around doing stuff and burn myself out before morning xD 
" PriestsRapeBoys.com The Catholic Church : the 
largest , most well-funded and organized pedophile machine in 
history . " 
I lold . 
48574875847283947298 : You're one of my best ever friends , and despite our relatively recent falling out , I hope I know you for my lifetime . You're one of the few people I know where we have that twin complicity . We understand and relate to each other 99.9% of the time , without explanation . I'd like to continue being close friends , if nothing else =) 
Testing 
Settled old issues with an ex . Now that was intense . 
Settling in at the new home . Pictures later . 
" I just closed my eyes and woke up eight hours IN THE FUTURE . " - Max Barry 
When the world beats you down , beat down the world . 
Merry christmas . Except to that guy playing horrible Christmas ballads at high volume down the street . Fuck you . 
I'll be your lover , I'll be forever , I am tomorrow , I am everything when I'm high . 
Trolling the fuck out of Omegle with Ellie . Good times . 
Do not want toothache . At least its an excuse to take codeine . 
101 : You have a fantastic smile and I'd like to hang out . 
" To love a nude model's body is no more degrading than loving a 
Ended today's writing progress by burning my hand . Well , this is fun . 
blinding blue flash and bang from my kettle . .. I have a feeling that's not supposed to happen . 
Hello brisbane . 
2 : Well , we're very different people , but we did always get along . I'm not sure how xD I keep forgetting this is supposed to me stating what I like about people . Well , you never take a bad photo . You're quite intelligent , although you don't reveal it often . And you have nice eyes =) 
Look down at me and you see a fool ; Look up at me and you see a god ; Look straight at me and you see yourself . 
This may sound familiar , but , I'd rather be hated for what I am than loved for what I'm not . .. Though any and all adoration is good fun . 
Can't sleep . Caffeine : always a bad idea . On a related note , reported in the news two days ago was a study proving humans literally never learn from their mistakes . 
Pulling 24 hours awake to get back into something resembling a normal sleeping pattern . I do this at least once a week lately >> ( I stay up working too much . ) 
Finally slept . Double-dosed on my medication by accident and now I'm extremely hyperactive . Oops . 
64 : You really are cute . And despite our great differences in perspective , and the wide canyon between our worldviews , I think you're an intelligent and thoughtful human being , intrinsically capable of great things . I like that I sat down next to you at that party and we were near instant-friends . 
Garden City in Brisbane always reminds me of Sonic the Hedgehog . 
My first christmas present involved being very sick . I'm glad it only lasted a day . 
Sex with a condom is like rain under a raincoat . You can * just * feel the rain hitting the outside . I'm very much looking forward to the male pill . 
Antichrist Superstar and novel editing . 
Transcribing music would be so much easier if you could split beats in the time signature . E.g. 3.5 /4 
Dad : So you came inside to go to the toilet , did ya ? 
Me : I didn't want to shit on the lawn . 
Dad : The dog does ! And he doesn't wipe his ass either ! 
This is actually quite a normal conversation within my family . Just thought I'd share . 
Really digging Slipknot's first album as I type . Funny how tastes change , it did nothing for me a few years ago . 
Can't sleep . More writing . 
Lol . Ignore that last status . It was intended for a specific someone as a joke . In other news : yay ! I resolved something today that'd been bothering me for quite a while . 
Wtf . Indian called me claiming he was from Google Adwords . Wanted to help me out . 
Like this if you want to know what I like about you . Comment if you'd like to know something I dislike . 
Just checked out https://register.facebook.com/download Reading messages I sent and received when I opened my Facebook . Ex-girlfriends , ex-friends .. Eep . 
Today is hate day . Someone hates me and ( for once ) I'm not happy about it . 
quit smoking and drinking . Time to phase out the pills . 
May be without a phone for a while , misplaced my battery last night . If you want to get in touch , best to email :) 
I * hate * people invading my privacy . 
The world would be a happier place if everyone loved , and paid more attention to , themselves . 
Job interview in twenty mins . Sitting nearby . Someone tell me ten years ago that planning and being organised pays off . 
RT @OldFunnyJoker I was talking to Stephen Hawking today and asked him if he was still able to masturbate .. Computer said no 
I won't let you stop me . 
Worked three blocks in rich suburb . $50 per signup w/energy company . Reconsidering job . I can be paid more for less elsewhere . 
9 : I like that despite everything you've been through , you remain a very positive person . You have your ideals and your goals , and you stick to them . You bring something good to the world =) And you give excellent advice , and you're a great friend :) 
Ellie moved out , and I'm moving soon myself . Anyone in Brisbanetown know of any cheap one-bed rentals coming up around Christmas ? Or flatmates in need of somebody . I'm more partial to living alone , though .. 
I figured out a way to discreetly kill my annoying neighbour . But I can't erase ALL suspicion . 
So the annoying neighbour is in hospital .. and now I'm woken up by another one > < I need a " do not disturb " sign or a door answering machine or something . Hell , maybe I should have just put up a sign when I moved in : I am antisocial and working hard at self-employment . Please fuck off ( unless you want to give me free food . ) 
Note : If you're a friend , however , lets make a date =) 
Katrina Duck Isherwood and Heather Sierra Fellow : Happy birthday :) 
Struggling to get our power on . Real estate : power company should have key , we don't . Power company : real estate needs to unlock . 
XD 666 : You're honest , frank , intelligent .. and I guess , a lot like me . You have a similar sense of humour as me , a similar take on life , we've been through a lot of the same shit , which is partially why I guess I care about you more than most . 
would have slept great for the first time in a couple of weeks but some asshole is using a chainsaw at 7 am . Hur . 
Girlfriend's parents insist on making life hard for us . Does anyone have a weapon ? Or a hitman ? I'd honestly be happier if they were dead , mostly . 
I have the perception that most female musicians seem to focus on relationships . Am I wrong here , or am I missing some subculture of non-breakup-and-boy-obsessed female musicians ? This is an open invitation for debate . 
Coming close to the end of a draft , this song is stuck in my head : http://vimeo.com/12506090 
If you're out in burnie , say hello 
note to self : go to bed earlier 
Was parked in carpark , back door open trying to fit a large cardboard box inside . Bogan clips the door with his 4WD , gets out , screams at me and threatens to hit me because he wasn't looking where he was going . WTF . 
Repeating from Samuel Garrett : 
Truly great people often lurk in the shadows of societies that espouse corrupt or superficial standards of existence . 
" Look 
at my horse . My horse is amazing . Give it a lick . Mm , it tastes just 
like raisins . Have a stroke of its mane . It turns into a plane .. " 
Completely ignoring the football and visiting the museum . Find out if I get my place tomorrow , woo ! 
Actually , you know what , I have something of substance to tell my friends - I'm likely moving to Queensland in september . Let me know if you want to hang out or something beforehand :3 
House-hunting on Defiance Rd 
Marilyn Manson BIOGRAPHY channel documentary @ http://www.mansonwiki.com/video.html This was great . Not the whole story , but a good overview . 
Heard rumours I've been convicted of possessing child porn :S I guarantee I have not . Feel free to ask the police . 
" Dude , 1 megabit per second , I'm jizzing so hard right now!' - Elliephant Young 
IKEA is so odd . Even the saucepans have manuals . Who the fuck needs a manual for a saucepan ? 
What an insane day .. 
When I was younger I said and did some pretty stupid things for infamy . Also thought that , since I was incapable of being socially accepted , it was easier to be a proud outcast and made myself as abhorrent as possible . Kind of biting me in the ass now . 
Woke at 5 again . Ugh . Tired at 9 am . I am scheduling a day off . Tomorrow : More job hunting ! ( .. Oh god , they've infected me with that phrase . ) 
Another week until I can resume writing again , maybe less . Anyone want to meet up in the meantime ? Now in QLD . 
Shrank my modest music & movies collection by 100 gig . Do I get a reward from the RIAA now ? 
Woke to bogans SCREAMING at each other for a second time . What is it with these people ? Incapable of settling disputes without losing control . Its pathetic . 
Had some brisbane photos and footage to share but just lost the camera : x 
Let Ellie convince me to invest in a modem ( instead of stealing wifi ) and now I can't afford a keyboard . ( Mine broke . ) Buh . 
Happy birthday Soph Milne and Tameika Shaw =) 
Having a shitty day . Ellie woke both of us at five am . Tired of being tired . Its midday and I wish it was bedtime already . I normally avoid bitching in public but fuck it . Bring on tomorrow . 
226 : I like that we can talk really easily , and that 99% of the time we're on the same wavelength . You get me , and I get you , with no errors of translation or explanations required . Geeks united (?) To some extent . 
First meeting with a giant tree frog , sitting on my window sill , watching me on my PC . I jumped . Then freaked . Then googled . Then petted it . Not sure how to communicate that I want it to leave so I can shut my window before sleeping . I'm working on it . 
16 : Another I don't know that well XD But I wanted to meet you for a long time , because I found you interesting and attractive =) I think we would have hit it off well . Maybe in another life . 
Cleaning out the messiest computer ( software , and spyware-wise ) I've ever seen . 
Love yourself and others will join in . If they don't , if they dislike the attitude , they're practicing self-hate . 
So , I was on a plane earlier . Pilot : ' Good afternoon , you've just lost The Game . ' 
54290380 : I guess I like your innocence and naivety . You blame yourself for things , but really , its probably never your fault . I get the impression that you don't think you're worth a whole lot , which is incredibly wrong . You're beautiful , and a great person =) You may have changed , in which case none of this will be relevant . 
1 : I like that you're intelligent , ahead of the game , and always honest . Every day I spend with you is a pleasure . You're cute , and exciting , yet wise , and one of the closest friends I've ever had . I feel that with you on my side , we're capable of anything . Oh , and I adore your smile , and your eyes . 
is now staying in Tasmania for a while . Sadly . Hooray for bills ! On the plus side , most of my friends are here :) 
82 : Frankly I don't know you that well , but I haven't seen anything to dislike . You're good looking and I get the impression you're a little vulnerable , which is interesting to me . I'd like to know you better :) 
Lets do the numbers thing . I've been tempted for a few days now . A number in my inbox gets you a public message on what I like about you , tagged with said number . Brutal honesty , as always . 
You know its Christmas at my parents house , when you wake up and Dad is already stressing out and ready to yell at people xD 
At the Jolly Roger's Cafe in Boat Harbour . The barista's aprons read ' Barista's own milk . ' The lattes should be interesting . 
Does anyone have an older computer that takes IDE drives ? I need to test a usable-until-recently IDE drive in a machine . I only have a USB interface . 
Spent the last week working and training door-to-door sales for a power company . Commission only . Didn't make a sale , and quit yesterday . I don't have time/can't afford a job without a salary atm . I don't think I've spoken to/met so many different people in the space of a week before , though ! 
So .. What are Burnie peeps doing for New Years Eve ? 
My car broke down in the Burnie CBD . Lawl . The trouble never ends . 
6790 : I like your looks , and your style . That's what drew my attention first . I could tell there was something there , that we'd be able to relate . Other than that .. I guess you're a cool human being . 
44444 : You're ... quiet . Obviously very creative . Probably very intelligent . You intrigue me a bit and I wish I knew you better . 
Maybe I should have paid more attention in music . Figuring out time signatures is a pain in the ass . 
On the Get Revealed app just now : " Do you think that Kyle Towns is smarter than George W . Bush ? No " ! Someone obviously doesn't know me very well . 
My New Years resolution : Make as much money as possible by 2012 . 
Search : tts1 Result : Did you mean tits ? I love the internet . 
So I'm talking to a friend on MSN and she stops and says , " Nathan ..? Why is our four year old running through the backyard , naked ? " 
Three hours sleep , bleh . Today is cancelled . 
Could anyone spare a broadband ready laptop or desktop computer for a couple of days ? In return , I can do maintenance , repairs , upgrade quotes and work etc . I'm qualified . 
If anyone can give me a ride to ridgely and back this afternoon , it would be much appreciated . Will pay you petrol money . 
Why take drugs when you can have sex ? No side effects , free health benefits , and on longterm dangers . On that note , I would totally advocate sex to a teenager , if it was a choice between that and drugs . 
is resolving boredom by being a Wikipedia nerd 
I wonder how long it'll be before I get bored of Wikipedia and move on . Last time I was there I wrote eight articles , in the past few days I've written fourteen .. If you're geeky enough to want to contribute to the project , start here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Articles_requested_for_more_than_a_year 
So I woke up and there's a naked black woman sitting beside my head . She's looking at me intently . Then she starts purring . And she's about two feet tall .. 
Made $100+ selling parts from my laptop . Buying a new one is going to be relatively easy :) 
Job interview today . Couldn't sleep well , so I'm rescheduling my interview for the morning , if I can > < 
Daddy , would you like some sausage ? 
30 Day Song Challenge Day 15 : A song that describes you . 
I don't know of one . Would anyone like to make a suggestion ? 
Inspected new flat today . If all goes well I'll be in it within two-three weeks . I am so looking forward to it . 
tweets : PlasticJupiterLand won't be updating for a few days ( read : a week or so . ) Thirty-seven pages so far . www.plasticjupiterland.com 
has been hired by McDonalds xD 
Thanks to everyone for all the birthday wishes =) 
Felipe Quintana González & Nicholas Anderson : Happy birthday , guys =) 
Sorry to anyone who received spam from me , by email >.< I've changed my password . No idea how they got in ! 
PLEASE put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by a Koala . Koalas are nearly unstoppable and they can also breathe fire ( you didn't know that huh ) . 93% of people won't copy and paste this ( because they have already been eaten by Koalas ) , 6% of people are in their wardrobes armed with fire extinguishers , and the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost . 
Just finished playing through The Legend of Zelda : Ocarina of Time :3 
I wasn't invited to Mars , so would anyone like to come to Venus with me ? We'll turn around , set the world on fire , have sex and be rock gods . 
Won't be writing for a while , and decided to put my books down to $10 each . Details and purchase @ www.kyletowns.com 
Intel chip breakthrough - guessing we're going to see a huge jump in processor speeds again . http://bit.ly/k3QqYd 
