is veeerrrryyy tired . Only feel it when you stop working !! 
has just remembered how borrriiinnngg trust inductions are .... No way can I take two more days of power point !!!! 
Can't believe my babies started nursery at school today . Only 14 more years of school for them LOL 
Just wanted to say a late Thank You to everyone who wished me happy birthday . Another year older eh and Im still in education . How sad :( 
Communal Bathroom in apartment 
Finally finished assignment .... well ... gave up would be more precise . Printin off then gonna curl up and die somewhere :) 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer ! ? All I wish for in 2010 is a CURE ! ? Dear God , I pray for the cure of cancer . Amen . ? 93% WON'T Copy and Paste this , will YOU 4 just one hour ? 
Hates havin to sit in the library doing an assignment i dont have a clue about ! 
Aaahhh school is closed all week an I got an assignment to do for start of next week ( which I had taken the week off work to do ) No chance now . Im fooked !!! 
LOOOOVVVVVEEEE YYYOOOOOUUUUUU !!!! :) 
has two brave little girls who have just had their ears pierced !! 
some people take the piss ... and sooner or later I'm gonna blow my top !! 
wonderin what could happen next ?? this day is jus gettin worse 
just had the longest sleep in at least 5 years ! must of needed it . 
work tomorrow - for a strange reason I think it may be therapeutic ... nothin to do with me bein surrounded by mental health professionals .... honest !! 
does anyone know if I'm looking at a social work case study in relation to child protection and care proceedings with a parent who has mild learning disabilities whether it makes sense for me to use a biopsychosocial disccourse , ecological/exchange model of assessment using PAM and then task centred intervention or do they all contradict each other . AAAARRRRGGGGH ! I wanna cry :-( 
some people need to get a life rather than snooping on peoples profiles . 
woooo ! things are really comin together for the wedding now . let's jus hope I can get my fat arse in the wedding dress in 12 days time lol 
:o oh dear mr brown what a sad decision to have to make 
that big - they've gotta get leggings on prescription .... haha 
4 weeks and 6 days ....... 
just because gordon brown doesn't have the looks or the charm don't be fooled ... its just like with men - the pretty boys usually turn out to be idiots !!! 
free to a good home - 3 children ( sorry no refunds/returns ) 
my little princesses r in the messenger :-) 
Time for a bit of Dexter lovin ' mmm mmm lol 
Wedding pics up courtesy of Sue , Jim , Daz and Jayne ... Thank You !!! 
omg its just hit me !! IM GETTIN MARRIED ...... 
sooo tired . Food shoppin on the bus is a nightmare !! Can't wait til I'm well enuf to drive again . In the meantime I'm gonna make the most of bein allowed daytime naps and waiter service lol 
appears x-factor is operatin a pub style karoke night ! 
feels like death ... 
can't believe I have changed my mind so many times regarding what I'm doin with the wedding , not havin dif songs an dif customisation to my dress lol . eek 
dunno how but I just nearly knocked myself out with the ironing board - I knew ironing was bad for you all along :p 
law revision sucks :( only 1 day left til the exam eeeek ! 
aww kristiana is sayin happy easter to a'keighlah in her sleep ... no doubt she is dreamin bout her easter eggs lol 
awww my little man is sleeping in a big boys bed tonight . cot is finally down :) 
nothin like snoring to keep you awake . :( 
migrane :( 
oh dear mr brown you've gone and done it now . :s 
how do u lose 3.5 lbs in just under 48 hours ? easy ... get a bloody gastro bug :-( 
soooo tired ..... 
hen do finally booked :) lucky I didn't leave it any later or they wouldn't have any bookings free !! 
managed to set the oven gloves ( and nearly the kitchen ) on fire !! thought oven gloves would be fire proof ? obv not lol 
gym time 
broke a chunk of my tooth off eatin peanuts :( 
watchin monsters vs aliens wit the kids 
ace ventura :) trip bk to my childhood ! 
on iiiitt wit my hens :) 
YAWN !!! 
ok ... so now the kitten keeps tryin to sit on my head . clearly I'm viewed as just a piece of furniture in this family lol 
watchin dog the bounty hunter - one word - LELAND <3 
has officially finished work . Gonna miss everyone in the team dearly . Couldn't wish for better colleagues :-( 
had an enlightening conversation with Kristiana today whilst buying the kids a new toothbrush . After picking some , Kristiana said ' Mummy , you could even get a round one an ' they remove twice as much plaque as the normal ones ' . Needless to say I think she has been watchin too many ads for a 5yr old haha 
25 days an countin :) 
totally and utterly lost the will to live ... I give up ! even my own children don't listen to me . 
jus dropped my mini foundation bottle into my brew :-( 
back on home turf :( had a lovely time but missing everyone already . xx thanks for all the lovely messages and kind words 
hopes my hubby to be is enjoyin his stag do :) 
lovin family day . had lovely meal , nice walk round shops an now to sit down wit kids an watch shark tale . :) 
has spent the night sh*t shovelling .... literally ! oh the joys of being a mother lol 
has had a lovely fathers day with my husband and 3 little monkeys !! day out at the summer fiesta followed by enough tgi's to feed a small army !! £100 lighter now but was worth it for a very rare family treat . 
mmmm milka :) 
12 hours of cleanin in 2 days ( and a cut on my arm later ) and I've decided my wifey chores are done until after cuba haha 
I forsee dark dark times ahead :s 
blackberry is workin ... not sure how long it wil last tho lol . 
iron man 2 looks really good .. really wanna see it ! 
quiet down ... its just a fur wound ! lol . love you Alexander meercat 
too early to be up ;-( 
talk about political voting on eurovision can these countries actually hear or what !! 
uugh worst stomach pains ever ! can't wait for my op jus so I don't hav to put up wit this agony any longer :-( 
not happy at the fact kristiana has used my nail varnish as paint to decorate her wall , plug sockets , carpet and body with !!!! she even went to the efforts of sneakin into our room when we were asleep to get it ! 
will be gettin ready to leave for the church in 21 days time eeeeek !!!! 
starts placement on friday !! eeeeekkk 
just ran out of zinfandel so looks as tho I'm gonna hav to crack open the moet that's bin sat in the fridge since the weddin :-) good job its my last day at work tomorrow 
finally got an outfit for the hen do :) 
mmm irish soda bread ... oh how I have missed you 
ok , so its forecast to rain on our wedding day and on top of that I've got loads to do before monday and my only free day is sunday :( STRESS is not the word ... 
is blamin claire khodna for givin me the idea of pizza hut ... nachos , pizza and choc fudge cake later an I'm feelin like I'm gonna burst . ALL YOUR FAULT CLAIRE lol 
got up this mornin to find a blow up doll in the hall ? I hav vague memories of dancin wit it last night but haven't got a clue how I ended up with it :s 
spendin a few hours at a party with like minded people ( children ) 
sean lock was awesome !! An our second row seats actually turned out to be front row . :-) 
4 weeks 3 days .... eeeek 
surprise surprise ... terror twin has gone and done it AGAIN - this time breakin the reinforced glass on the lamp !! 
can't believe I've only just finished the kids homework with them ... so much to do .. don't know how I am supposed to fit everythin in ! Fat chance of uni work gettin done now when I got washin an dryin to do an kids stuff to sort for tomorrow . :-( 
Bugger all on tv , feel sick and totally knackered so I think I'm gonna go bed with a bit o dexter :-) . ( not the cat but the serial killer lol ) 
best start to my birthday ever :) great night 
16 days :s 
25 days til CUBA BABY !!! 
death was never a sweeter word than today 
just booked girls birthday party !!! so glad I did it early as they were nearly fully booked 
Many thanks to all of u for your kind words for today . Nerves are kickin in now :s 
eeeekk in an hour ill be knocked out . goodybe world incase I don't wake up :-s 
has amazing work colleagues !! thank you all so much for my wedding gifts . You caught me well and truly off guard . I was speechless - not often that happens is it . 
mmm home made scones .... scrummy ! 
Blackberry not gettin signal over here even tho its same sim card ive used for years and never had probs before - so I am not contactable until I return lol !!! Suppose it might do me some good considering my dependancy on it . xx 
tired tired tired ... now what to do with my 3 munchkins today ? haha 
kids just gone to bed , gonna treat myself to a curry and YES CLAIRE .... I will try to uphold my promise to you haha 
oh my goodness ... the public need to sort their heads out !! 
there are certain people in life I'd jus love to punch and wipe the smug bloody smile off their face !! 
R.I.P. John 
oh dear .. I've managed to nearly recover from this awful bug an now kristiana has thrown up all over her bed , the carpet and dantes blanket :-( poor baby . 
soooo happy :-) today is one of the best days of my life !! Shame I'm stuck at home with kids as I'd love to just party allll night !! 
sooo wish I was at glastonbury :( watchin muse now an it looks awesome 
had a brill time at the opera house tonight watchin my niece dance in snow white ! kids loved it too :-) 
its officially only 7 days til I'm gonna b chained to the kitchen sink haha !!! ( as if that's gonna ever happen ) .... although I might stretch to the odd bit of cookin in the microwave - oh how times change ! 
got tons of uni work to do today an dante decides at 3.30 am its time to get up :-( I feel like death 
first day back at uni and stressed is not the word :-( 
would like to emigrate ... NOW PLZ ! 
Just had the biggest spider EVER in my bathroom . Only one I ever seen that big before was a tarantula !! 
has the best husband ever who has made my day :) 
had a lovely wedding day thanks again everyone . I'm totally drained of energy now lol 
in pain and hoping my scan comes thru tomorrow :( 
wants to be back in cuba :( will be back again I'm sure - but with the kids next time :) 
soooo sleepy :( 
6 hours of cleanin today - well - wonder if the hubby wil recognise the house wen he comes home on Mon ?? haha 
fffrrrreeeezzzziiinn .... ( brrrrrr ! ) 
Tony : " a'keighlah , guess what , mummu and daddy are goin on a plane tomorrow - do you know where we are goin ? " . A'keighlah: " YEAH ! ARGOS ! " . Haha that's jus tickeled me for the day :) 
my beautiful son has just shat on the floor and then proceeded to call me , point at it and state ' look banana poo ' 
need my bed so bad .... 
Now knows why my little man been so poorly - chickenpox !! got up this morning and he has it all over his chest and legs :( 
I hate Mondays . In fact - hate early mornings full stop :-( 
wot a sad sad person I have become ... that I need to get at this hour in order to ensure I make it to work tomorrow . night all ! lookin forward to some dexter time lol 
OMG wot the hell is goin on with x factor this year ????? 
altercations with strangers in legoland lol who'd of thought it !! 
350 quid to repair my tooth :( must the the most expensive nuts I've ever eaten !! 
sorry to say it but that was a fine example of a sore loser if ever I saw one !! 
feel . like . death :-( 
work tomorrow :( if only money grew on trees eh 
well I'm well an truly shattered after the girls birthday party !! xfactor , I'm a celebrity an bed for me ... 
can't believe I'm awake ... been up an down with kids messin about an havin tantrums since I came to bed and now I can't sleep - an I'm up in 3 hours for work . NOT IMPRESSED !!! 
I think the fact that I've jus seen a baby boy running around with his hands covering his ears verifys just how noisy it is right now in legoland !!! It always seems these places attract little brats ( includin the one who continued to kick my daughters even tho I was watchin him ) * tut * 
omg wot is goin on with the weather ?? its literally pouring it down ... roads look like they flooded haha 
John Bishop <3 ( shame ur scouse tho ) 
back to school for me :-( 
pissin myself listenin to that bint on one born every minute lol 
nearly 5 o'clock in mornin an my darlin hubbie is still lookin after me :-) 
sat night tv on sofa and a bottle of wine :) yum yum 
my oh my is gillian that stupid that she thinks ppl wil fall for her lies ??!! 
mmm budweiser :-) its the small things in life that make me happy 
oh dear ... my lovely little boy has transformed into a 2yr old little deamon - shrieks an all !!! 
dom joly ur awesome ! haha . only one wit balls to tell it as it is ... 
stuck on m6 :( 
' sticking a feather up your butt does not make you a chicken ' :) 
you can tell your pissed when ... it takes over 40 minutes to eat a folded doner kebab !! lololol 
thinks yea it may be a hard life for those mums that hav to sit on their bums all day and endure daytime tv , but surely they should make an effort to set their kids a good example by actually gettin dressed before walking them to school ! 
if I did it all again I'd be a nun 
: actually feel like I'm dying . Love the fact I always get ill at the weekend :( 
finally arrived !! 4 an half hrs later 
chest infection :-( 
bleurgh !! think someones given me the lurgy :-( 
loves it how whenever I'm comfy an jus wanna relax watchin tv , dexter always comes up to me purrin an rubbin his bloody arse ryt in my face !!! 
really at a loss as to what to do with my kids to make them actually behave for once !! 
feels sick .. bleugh !! 
just submitted my assignment ... THANK GOD !! only prob is all that studyin tonight has made my head spin :-s 
jus smashed a mirror - 7 yrs bad luck :-( story of my life 
<3 josh todd <3 
jus been told I'm gonna hav ' a lovely hangover in the mornin ' somethin to look forward to then lol ....... 
don't know what's more worrying - the fact that my 4 year old daughters know who lady gaga is or the fact that they think she is keith lemon in drag haha 
I'm that cold I've actually burnt myself in the shower tryin to get warm :-( 
is not a happy Mummy . My little man is really poorly :( 
another day of torture at uni .... dreadin havin to endure groupwork with some of the most egotistical people I've ever met !! :-( 
what on earth made me think it was a good idea to stay on at uni . totally sick to death of readin an feel like I understand nothin :-( 
just poured boiling water into the teabag jar whilst trying to make a brew * pfffft * someones still half asleep then .. 
float like a butterfly , sting like a bee ! 
I may be fat but you're ugly and I can diet :p 
heeerrreesss JOHNNY !!!! 
bleeuuurrgghh 
jus come to the realisation that people- in general- irritate me . FACT 
Kids asleep .. now the question is do I get all the Uni work done that i've ignored for the past 2 weeks or watch Dexter ... Dexter or work , work or dexter ? Easy decision ... bed and TV every time lol 
hot/cold/hot/cold/hot/cold :-( 
dreamin bout bananas , dreamin bout bananas , singing my banana song . 
god my head is spinnin ... sat in uni waitin room an every single person is talkin really loud in other languages :( 
' all I see is pork swords ' haha 
panic over .. dr says dante had a viral rash . As soon as I walked in drs I checked to see if it was still there and POW ! its gone ! lol 
got chatted up by the old security guard .. wtf's that all about ?? lol 
a whole day of essay writing - I couldn't be happier ... NOT 
; anies got a gun , Janies got a gun , whole worlds come undone .... 
4 years living here and I finally get my first trick or treater :-) bless him he was so cute ( and shy ) 
:( 
evacuation at lowry - bloody great . I don't half pick the wrong day to go places . that's 3 evacuations I've experienced in 10 days :-( 
is sick to death of reading and writing about bloody social work discourse !! Heeelllllpppp :-( 
home at last !! kids enjoyed themselves so was worth the 500 miles I drove lol 
god ... crimewatch is so disturbin 
my voice has finally gone and I'm feelin so ill . shame the kids are takin advantage of fact it hurts me to try an talk ( I.e. tell them off ) an jus ignore me 
thanks everyone for my bday messages both on and off facebook :) 
happy new year ! 
lager , crisps saturday night tv & sofa allll to myself :) can't complain 
so .. I survived my first day on placement and I actually enjoyed it :-) 
really don't wanna go work tomorrow :-( feel like crap 
really wanna go bed but jus realised celebrity juice is on next :-( 
so sad watchin dispatches an that 16yr old heroin addict that's been on it since she was 11 :-( 
6 hours of tirelessly typing away and I have 2000 words of complete sh*te and have given up .. until tomorrow that is !! :-( 
finally found the sean lock tickets for tomorrow night PHEW !! altho I hav managed to greatly embarrass myself by blamin everyone but me , an even made the box office re-print tickets as I was adamant we mustnt of received them :-s 
jumped up healthcare assistants at the drs piss me right off !! 
life's a journey not a destination 
is wonderin if its normal to feel roastin now whilst wearin a strappy top anmd pj bottoms !! feel like I'm somewhere tropical lol 
sat night tv , wine and chocolate :-) seems my life is starting to develop a bit of a routine lol 
decoratin gingerbread men with my terror twins :-) 
can't believe I'm up this early on a sunday :-( bloody kids eh ! 
attempting to explain middle eastern politics to one of my 5year old daughters .... 
feel like death ... certainly not looking forward to supervising a coach full of little kids for their xmas trip whilst I feel this ill ! 
haha can't wait to see Gillian faint the clip looks hilarious !!! 
brrr its freezin - that snows comin down fast ! 
eeek waitin to go to my placement interview . let's hope it goes ok :-s 
BRRRRRRRRR 
they've accepted me !! more fool them lol . can't wait to start placement now 
watchin tv in my pjs with my feet up . I could so get used to this lol . 
nooooooooo !!! go away wagener 
mmm meat n potato pie with the lid cut off an tomato ketchup mixed inside :-) jus like my dad used to make me as a kid 
is it jus me or does cheryl cole look like she has had a spray tan whilst wearin glasses - she has an orange face and white circles round her eyes ! 
just been BULLIED by my own children for threatenin them with the boogey man wen I meant bogey man :-( 
yum yum lots of healthy home made lamb tangine all cooked and ready in tubs in fridge and freezer for meals this week :-) 
feels guilty for indulging in a bit of TV rather than carrying on with my assignment ... but I'm hanging onto my sanity by a piece of string so I guess its gotta be done :-s 
woo hoo !!! 80% on my framework for practice assignment . :-) 
had a productive 4 hours - kids ready , fruit smoothies all round , washin and dryin nearly finished , clothes put away , cat litter sorted , an jus finished hooverin an mopping all of downstairs :-) 
reindeer food - check , milk- check , mince pie - check , carrott - check and santas key - check :-) looks like our house is all ready for santa to come - kids asleep already as they don't want him to fly past our house !!! 
here comes claire's fave man WAGNER lol 
cream crackered ! been fightin the urge to go to sleep all day :-( 
phew ! can't believe I jus nearly missed misfits . panic over :-) 
Well .... I braved the snow and now I'm all shopped out - I'm proppa hardcore like that ;-) 
can't believe my little princesses are 5 tomorrow ! How life changes in such a short period of time :-) 
pissed.com 
tomorrow - bk on placement , mon - bk at uni . shed loads of work to do , very little time or motivation to do any :-( 
findin ' professor brian cox strangely attractive :-s must be his intelligence 
strangest thing just happened - totally spooked now 
my idea of a Christmas ' break ' does not , ( and never has ) include the propsect of spendin the best part of a tonne on tyres :-( bah humbug ! 
tired .. and so much to do ! Already been vets an post office an no one in the house except me is even dressed ! 
sick of bloody assignments . I want my life back now please ... :-( 
god there's some desperate women on take me out tonight .... uurrrgghh 
assignment finally submitted ... now to start on my next one to be handed in for wed , along with the massive task of updating my portfolio :-s 
need ideas of a comic character to dress up as ... and unfortunately I'm being deadly serious :-( 
just seen a bloke point to evans and ask his size 8 girlfriend if she wanted ' a look in there ' the look on his face at her reaction was priceless haha 
well I officially passed the first half of my placement today .... I even heard the sentence , ' when you're qualified ' so fingers crossed that's what I'll be in 16 months :-) 
completing a CAF whilst dressed as batwoman is not something they teach you at uni :s haha 
writing up two CAFs in my own time is not my idea of a ' chilled ' day off :-( hoping this is not a sign of things to come ... 
looking for poo in case its ' rolled ' under the sofa - hightlight of my day ..... NOT :-s 
gettin nervous :-s 
doped up with a little help from my friend - morphine haha 
roughest night ever :( 
no matter where u go there's always one employee who's a slight liability issue - like the elderly hca who decides to write on ur fluid/pain score charts without speaking to u then continues to repeatedly drop the charts before offerin u some burnt toast several times as she forgot ur answer * tut * 
Dante was more excited to tell me the childminder took him to McDonalds than actually seein me for the first time since 06.30 friday :-( kids eh haha 
what goes around comes around ( eventually ) ..... 
my poor A'Keighlah even manages to cheer me up wen she is poorly . got in bed with me while Kristiana went to school and sent me to sleep reading me ' we're going on a bear hunt ' . <3 cutie pie . <3 
Happy St. Patricks day !! 
just made my contribution to comic relief .. :-) 
home again at last :-) wouldn't miss hospital if I never got to set foot in one ever again 
8 bin bags to charity an I'm only gettin started haha 
Undervalued .... 
