Long week in Vacation Bible School doing missions ! Now to send off 5+ care packages to soldiers in Iraq . 
Nothing but bluebirds all day long . 
So , I'm a reporter for the school newspaper now ... I think ... anyone know anything about orchestra music ? 
I now know more than I ever wanted to about the evolution of the classroom . yay . 
Humanities is canceled . Whatever will I do ? 
Long day ahead ... 
Hmmm .... I don't know how I'm going to get all this ink off my arm .... and I really miss my crazy friend ! 
Never regret ; simply learn . That's my motto ! 
Got to go to Jay's in the morning . yay . 
One of my best friends just got back into the country for the first time in 6 or 7 months , and I can't get in contact with her !!!! 
We're babysitting a chocolate lab mix and a dachshund . They're adorable ! 
Life's rough , it pays to have amazing friends . 
Can't wait to go to the comedy club tonight ! 
is realizing the similarities between my quesadilla rellena and poulet provencal . Yum . 
is extremely worried about her neighbor .... 
Now completely incensed that I can't talk to a friend in the hospital two minutes after 10 !! 
Red !! : ) 
I over-analyse life .... 
Quid est veritas ? 
Relaxing before my next test today . 
S'Wonderful , S'Marvelous 
Back from the old haunts . 
car crash . yucky day ... 
History . War . Family . France . Antique . Intrique ! 
The last few days have been too eventful . I'm almost hoping for a little mediocrity . 
Excited about the map . Now to get it framed .... 
Netflix makes life amazing . It truly does . 
Really ? What a crazy wild happenstance ! 
Just another manic Monday .... 
Looking at Barbara Streisand makes my brain hurt .... 
Jousting ~ ! 
Wow . People will make movies out of anything ! I can't stop laughing now ... 
You must have been vaccinated with a phongraph needle ! 
stroganoff and bela lugosi . : ) 
Three . 
John Hughes marathon and blueberry honey . What a way to alleviate test anxiety . 
3 in the morning and I'm correcting students work . I feel like a teacher already ! 
Making poulet provencal and watching Robin Hood : Men in Tights . Cary Elwes looks so much like Flynn it's awesome ! 
Cow fields , Coral , pennies on the railroad tracks .... Archer , here I come ! 
Lisa is a funky monkey candlestick head ! hehe I still love you though ! -Love lala 
empty heartless malcontent 
Absolutely livid . 
Reading Rebecca . 
I hoped this day would never come . Prayers and best wishes to the Frazee , Brown , and McGrae families . 
Panic-stricken , I just remembered I have a million things to do before the end of the semester and there's only fourteen days left !!!! 
Diabolical ! 
Yo kenbe jis li vini . 
LEAVE THE BRONX ! : P 
I'm going to miss tae kwon do with Ms. Marshall , but I'm excited to hear that there maybe a new instructor ! 
Awesome day . Harbinger of the storm to come ... 
Lisa is a funky monkey <3 love lala 
May came home with a smooth round stone , as small as a world and as large as alone . 
what a productive day . 
21 days until I'm 21 ! 
... like honey to the throat but poison to the blood ... 
Amanda Ann Paredes and I made Käsespätzle for dinner and it's awesome ! 
placid lake 
21 days until I'm 21 . : ) 
Visually-striking Violent Thrillers / Quirky Foreign Films / Cerebral British Films Based on Classic Literature .... Netflix knows me way too well . 
Alright . It's on . I dare you to login on my computer again . I dare you . 
Happy Birthday to Justin and Keifer ! 
Science fair tomorrow ~ ! Everyone should come . It's at the Santa Fe Watson Center from 9-3 . Completely free and surprisingly fun for people of all ages . : ) 
Myspace wants me to learn Chinese through instant immersion .... 
Happy Anniversary Mom and Dad ! 
Lisa is funny looking !!! :P 
If you have one good memory with me , send it to me in a message . I'll write back my favorite memory of you . 
Family dinner in archer ! : ) 
Facebook has suddenly decided to revert 4 years back into the past for me . What the heck ? 
Blood and destruction shall be so in use/and dreadful objects so familiar/that mothers shall but smile when they behold/their infants quarter'd with the hands of war 
We must not look at goblin men ... 
Ugh . 
My kingdom for a horse ! 
I want a crossbow . 
Go to Google . Just do it . : ) 
Grr ! : ( 
Taekwondo went a lot better tonight . Here's hoping that's a harbinger . 
Welcome to another episode of Blood , Devastation , Death , War , and Horror . 
I miss my nintendo glasses .... 
Happy Father's Day to all you lucky guys . ( Especially soon-to-be Dads Kilby Kehoe and Corey Ryan ! ) 
Hmmm . I wonder if July 15th will be doubly special day .... 
Lana sucks ! 
Ugh . What a terrible day . 
Switzerland is a place where they don't like to fight , so they get people to do their fighting for them while they ski and eat chocolate . 
Caroling on horseback last night with Wanda Weintraub , Mya Dossat , Ashley O'Steen , Hannah Lee , Lana Manley , and Spencer Lee was really fun ! : ) 
Happy Christmas everyone ! : ) 
Happy Birthday to Lana Manley and Keith !! 
I got the job ! : ) 
Myspace.com/sonicpulverizer Go now and listen to some amazing music from a local artist . : ) 
Watching transformers with trey and court . 
Whomever decide that it was a good idea to name two states Washington , was an idiot . 
: ) 
I miss my Nintendo glasses . : ( 
It's going to be a very very long week .... 
Interview in the A.M. !!! 
Craving sopapilla .... 
Congratulations Lana !!! 
