It's time I fire up this life I'm livin ' in ! 
Cuando la vida misma te ha puesto en un aprieto , ¿qué es lo que se debe hacer ? 
Que es lo que en realidad se debe de hacer ? Lo que el corazón dicta o lo que la razon te dice ? 
Es momento de aprender a dejar ir las cosas . Por favor , que aquella luz , guía mía , me lleve a los lugares indicados . 
Oscilando entre la infinidad de la mente y la infinidad del sueño ... 
Hay veces en las que simplemente quisiera olvidarme de todo y refugiarme en la profundidad de mi mente ... 
Meus somnerium ... En busca de un pequeño momento de comprensión ... 
De vuelta al mundo interno sin límites ! 
Por favor , que las cosas mejoren ! Si es que en verdad alguien puede ayudar , que le otorguen lo que necesita ! 
Getting ready for the fun ! Escapada espiritual al corazón del oráculo ... Riviera Maya ! Meus somnierum ! 
I want to reconcile the violence in your heart ! I want to recognise your beauty is not just a mask ! I want to exorcise the demons from your past ! I want to satisfy the undisclosed desires in your heart ! ( Gracias a Sofi por la canción tan genial ! ) 
I just ... Don't know what to think anymore ... 
Life truly has special ways to show us what we need ... in the weirdest moments//f i n a l f a n t a s y// " I know . I'm not alone ... not anymore . " 
Back to the routine , then ... 
O.o Weirdness in all the meaning of it !!! 
Shall we dance ? 
Let us become one with ourselves ... 
Those who have understood that in death there is sacrifice and the beginning of a new journey have become true heroes // " Embrace your Dreams ... " 
Just erase school forever ! >.> TEENAGE ANGST ! 
The Skies Above ... <3 
Dawn of Sorrow // t h e b u r d e n e d 
t h e b u r d e n e d 
Answer our call in desperate hours ! Shelter our fall from earthly powers ! Temper our souls with flame and furnace ! Bear us toward a noble purpose ! 
I have truly decided that I want to give my life to help others . Even if it means returning 
to my essence in the process . 
" Let me leave behind some reasons to be missed ... " 

-Leave Out All the Rest , Linkin Park 
t h e b u r d e n e d ... What now ? How did this happen ? 
Newsflash : Internet's screwed because of unknown reasons . 
Excuse me please . 
I swore I wouldn't let it show , but damn does it hurt . After all has been lost , why should someone else care ? Why should someone do the right thing if the right thing might bring him problems ? Why should someone do what he must if he knows it will end up in misery and pain ? 
" Every man is guilty for not doing the good he could have done . " 
-Voltaire 
It is our own decision to be inFamous . 
t h e b u r d e n e d // " Hey ... Would you say ... I became a hero ? " Zack Fair , SOLDIER 1st Class // f i n a l f a n t a s y 
Somewhere , down the road , I lost myself in time . 
t h e b u r d e n e d // f i n a l f a n t a s y 
I'm just wondering ... Is the face under my skin really wishing to see me lost and weak ? 
Status : excited . 
Subject is about to try his new wax seals set . 
Diagnosis : nineteenth century mode ON . 
Creo extrañaré a mis alumnos del Tepeyac . Nunca pensé que me fuera a encariñar tanto con un montón de niños de 9 años . 
Ser un Teacher es algo más que esneñar simplemente inglés . <3 
" So I won't give up . No , I won't break down . Sooner than it seems , life turns around ... " 
" ... You don't dream in cryo ... " 
-Jake Sully , AVATAR 
" Demons await where the mighty rivers run ... " 
Mighty Rivers Run - Globus 
" What do you say to taking chances ? What do you say to jumping off the edge ? " 
-Taking Chances , Céline Dion 
SCREW IT ! SEND IT TO BURN IN A FIERY PIT ! I REALLY DON'T WANT TO DO IT ! DX 
Why do thesis had to be created ? I'm so fed up of them ! >.> 
" Sería una buena oportunidad , pero lo estaba contemplando mucho ... Como todo lo que hacía en mi vida . " 
Elior Ambroix 
Cerby's got this awesome string braid he had wanted since January ! 
Eff the others , they can say what they want about it ! 
The face inside is right beneath your skin ... 
Tired . First weekend of Christmas break , and I will hit my bead early . Why ? 
... Ask Basilica . She will know . 
What am I supposed to do when everything suddenly collapses ? 
Wishing life was easier ... Feeling nostalgic for once in my lilfe 
You were long for quite some time , Eltiask . Where were you ? 
" Lost in the vast endlessness of your mind . Of that I'm sure . " 
Ser un Teacher es algo más que enseñar simplemente inglés . 
Lived one of the best afternoons of the year . Mrs Farewell , thank you so much for the scarf ! =D ! 
Venarum pulsus in terram fluens . Parvus , parvus pulsus cor mortem ducens . Vita mollis in stellam redeunt . <3 
Tasmin Richards is just biased . I am in no way an awesome singer , my voice is terrible . - . 
I will PAY to be taken to the WIZARDING WORLD OF HARRY POTTER ! I'm serious about it -.- 
I totally love the moon that shines brightly in the sky against the darkness of the night ... <3 Lone Wolffe 
" ¡Defiende a tu hija como lo que eres : una leona ! " 
-Andrés Quintana Roo 
Cerby finally has Internet ! 
INFJ // Finalmente he comprendido que , a pesar de que siempre busque una respuesta , probablemente viva para encontrarla ... 
Totally , completely , and absolutely excited ! Rafting , here I come ! 
Thank you for showing me in those times of need that I must never let go of my dreams . Thank you for shwoing me how to stand up for what I believe . Thank you for being a guide in those times of need . Thank you for being there , and thank you for just being yourself . // f i n a l f an t a s y // Zack Fair 
It had been a long time since I had last read a book in a day ... Now I remember why I love reading so much ! <3 
" Human nature is one of the most complext things to learn and one of the easiest things to lose . " 
- E.A.W. 
" DIE YOU MOTHAFUGGA FAL'CIE OF DOOM ! " 
-Cerby fighting Dahaka as Hope pwns him with 10k+ spells such as Aeroga , Blizzaga , Firaga , Thundaga , and Waterga . 
Status : in vigilance . 
Subject's mind seems to be restless , even if his whole body is begging for rest . 
Diagnosis : unknown . 
Quiero eseguir jugando Dragon Age Origins : Awakening . No puedo evitar pensar en ese maravilloso juego ! 
Kyrie , ignis divine , eleison ! <3 
Goddess of Life , cover me with your silvery light ! Help me overcome this challenge I face today ! Let me be victorious in my day ! Guide me through the day ! 
When you want to do many things life always restricts you to only one . Why ? 
I ... 
Now more than ever I still think that Final Fantasy is one of theb est game franchises ever . 
Have a peaceful crystal slumber , Vanille . <3 
Muse <3 
Barthandelus is no more ! =D 
" I am the one . I am the one who will straighten all that is wrong . I am the one you will all hear about someday . 
... Someday ... " 
- E.A.W. inspired by Dragon Age Origins OST 
Y ahora qué ? Qué se supone que tengo que hacer ? 
Tellus dormit , et liberi in diem facciunt nunquam extinguunt ... <3 
" Una buena filosofía no es la que instala una realidad definitiva ; es la que produce una inquietud . " 
" It's not whether you want to do it or not , you just do it because it's the right thing to do . " 
- E.A.W. while he talked with a classmate . 
" Lift me up , let me go ... " 
" Will we burn inside the fires of a thousand suns for the sins of our hands , the sins of our tongues , the sins of our father , the sins of our youg ? NO ! " 
-The Catalyst , Linkin Park 
A punto de que empiece el concierto de Camila ! 
Status : stressed . 
Subject seems to be stressed due to several projects which will start in two weeks . 
Status : severe obsession disorder . 
Es diferente pero a la vez es igual . Justo como hace dos años . Ahora más que nunca comienza el final . 
Deseo que nada de esto hubiese pasado , que todo solo haya sido un mal sueño ! 
Uno de los mejores conciertos de mi vida ! OV7 regresa a los escenarios ! 
Por qué me pasa esto ? Acaso no les ha pasado a los demás ? Ou es-ce-que je doive aller ? Q'est-ce-que je trouverais celui ? Il y aura un lieu idéale pour moi ? 
I just lost THE GAME ... >.> 
Terminé por fin mi atlas de anatomía ! Creo que sonaré con venas , arterias y músculos ! 
Eltiask 3-1x10^n Thesis 
I'm THAT lame , Lucy Chen ! 
Je veux tous les yeux fixés sur moi ! Oui , c'est EW , c'est notre player ! 
Coeur , pour quoi tu dites une otre chose et ma tête parle d'otre completement different ? >.> 
" Why the bloody hell is it only an arm ? O_o " 
-Cerby encountering Seekers in Oerba , Final Fantasy XIII 
Animam sacrificare necesse est ? Cur in gremio haeremus ? Cur veniam petimus in Terram Fatali ? <3 
Status : lazy . 
Subject refuses to do homework or any ripe of work . He is seriously going to throw everything out the window . 
Diagnosis : extreme laziness . 
Keep the beat up loud ! Make me feel the rush of adrenaline on my veins ! Pump that music out ! 
Dance out the way how you feel . 
<3 
If only people could the the life through the glasses of a Fantasy ... 
" I won't let you murder it ! Our time is running out ! Our time is running out ! " 
-MUSE 
T_T 
Algo me pasó en mi tobillo y no sé qué es . No puedo bailar ! 
Et nocte perpetua ... <3 
Wow . Chu read minds . No lights at home . Had a bad dream a while ago . It creeped me out . 
" Human nature is one of the most complex things to learn and one of the easiest things to lose . " 
- E.A.W. December 2009 . 
" ... aunque para el caso podría haberles hablado en chino por las casas que pusieron los gorilas . ' Espiritualmente ' tenía seis sílabas , por el amor de Dios . " 
XD 
Siento que terminaré explotando . Los niños en verdad son muy lindos , pero ya no hay nada que enseñarles ! 
Imaginación , te veré en unos meses . Tal vez así te recuperes del desgaste de esta semana :S 
Et nocte perpetua , ehem vel vera visione . 
Par oram videbo te , mane tempu expergiscendi ... 
-Final Fantasy Versus XIII , Somnus Nemoris 
LOVELESS , the tale of the Goddess . 
LOVELESS , the tale of two friends . 
LOVELESS , the tale of the Sky . 
Where is my LOVELESS ? 
" I am the one . Now and forever , I will triumph . " 
- E.A.W. inspired by ' I Am the One ( Dark Fantasy Version ) , Dragon Age : Origins OST 
Wow , I just experienced the Action Dream with Inception the app http://inceptiontheapp.com 
" When prayers turn to promises , not even fate can stand in their way . " 
-Oerba Yun Fang , Final Fantasy XIII 
Have a peaceful crystal slumber . Both of you . 
Adiós exámenes ! =D Hola vacaciones ! ^^ 
Wow , I just experienced Limbo with Inception the app http://inceptiontheapp.com 
" You're a good soldier , choosing your battles ... " 
-Shakira , Waka Waka ( This Time for Africa ) 
Ultimo día de prácticas , ultimo día en que los veré . 
Simplemente se que los extrañaré muchísimo . 
It's raining . Once more , it cleanses the surface . Would it be they want to tell us something ? 
Rain , the language of the deities . 
Second time I try Kinect . First time I try Your Shape : Fitness Evolved . My sentence ? 
EFFING AMAZING ! =D 
" The whole world's against us . " 
-Vanille , Final Fantasy XIII 
" HOLY CRAP ! IT HAS FACE ! " 
-Cerby talking about Cryohedrons in Final Fantasy XIII 
Ahora recuerdo el por qué suelo guardarme mis comentarios ... 
" Maybe we wouldn't make it . Maybe we'd fall short long before we could make it . But someone , someday , would know we'd tried . " 
-Vanille thinking after their battle with Barthandelus in Oerba , Final Fantasy XIII 
Pues ... Aún así , yo lograré mis objetivos ! Cueste lo que cueste ! 
With such radiance coming from the Lady of the Moon , I would not be surprised if I suddenly turned into a wolf and chased after a smoky dream . 
I have truly decided that I want to give my life to help others . Even if it means return to my essence in the process . 
I'm feeling good ! ( 8 ) 
" The whole world is against us ... " 
Oerba Dia Vanille , Final Fantasy XIII 
Feeling weird/odd/annoyed/sarcastic . I apologize beforehand for any inconvenience . 
Ma chérie Goddess , ou est-ce-que je te trouverai ? Ou est-ce-que tu reste toutes les nuits ? Sur les étoiles ? Sur la lune ? 
Oh , ma chérie Goddess , tu es vraiment ma LOVELESS ! 
A todas aquellas personas que hicieron este año completamente inolvidable : les deseo lo mejor del mundo en este año nuevo que comienza y que todo lo que aspiran a ser se haga realidad . Nunca olviden que cuentan conmigo para lo que necesiten . Feliz Navidad a todos , y les deseo un próspero año 2011 ! 
" Cur veniam petimus in terram fatali ? " 
< Why do we beg for forgiveness in the fateful land ? > 
[¿Por qué buscamos perdón en la tierra del destino ? > 
-Final Fantasy VII Advent Children , The Promised Land 
Status : exhausted . 
Subject's body seems to be using more energy than it has , causing an immense wish for sleep . 
If I were a wolf , I'd run away from house and keep on searching for the Lady of the Moon . I wouldn't mind to chase a dream . 
Hey , what day is it ? 
Oh , fuck ... It's Valentine's Day ... 
Alright , I'm just missing Etymologies , Health Sciences lab report , History project , and Health Sciences exposition . Someone shoot me please ? 
Pour quoi quand tu est très heureux tout finis ? 
Puerto Vallarta , éternellement dans mon cour ! 
Banish them . You can do it . 
Oh , my dear Godess , where is your LOVELESS ? 
Linda ilusión . Lastima que éstas nunca duran . Perdieron , pero muy dentro de mi , sient que todos perdimos . 
Lo digo abiertamente : perdimos . 
It's as if Gaia is punishing us for our sins . Those small droplets hit us with blindingly speed , hurting our beings . 
Oh , dear Gaia , what have we done to you ? 
In need to blur the lines between reality , creation , and imagination . 
Mrs Farewell , we have a meeting with Power and Wisdom ! 
" A Thousand Suns " coming out on September 14th , 2010 ! 
Feels like organizing a Flash Mob ANYWHERE . Who's in ? :D 
“In war , victory . 
In peace , vigilance . In death , sacrifice . ” 
-Grey Warden's Oath 
Join us , Brothers and Sisters . Join us in the ultimate sacrifice . 
To be surrounded by nature ... The most beautiful wonder of all . 
Is it normal for wolves to love rain ? Oh , dear Goddess , forgive us sinners . 
Lone Wolffe , soft drops of meditation are bliss . 
<--- Idealista de corazón , humanista al extremo , químico por naturaleza , médico por vocación . 
" In war , victory . 
In peace , vigilance . 
In death , sacrifice . ” 
No soy un verdadero fan del fútbol , pero hoy traigo puesta la verde y traigo a México en el corazón . Por siempre MEXICANO ! 
Vamos México ! Vamos a ganar como en las batallas de antaño ! 
Eff this ! 
I should stop playing Alan Wake at night , but i can't help it . 
Psychological thriller anyone ? 
Una vez mas , cuando uno confía , las cosas salen mal . Para que confiar en algo que simplemente no vale la pena ? 
Oh , Goddess , where are you ? Have I lost your benevolence ? Why have you forgotten me ? 
My Goddess , am I not your LOVELESS ? 
Found , once more , motivation . Let's rock this world ! 
It's a new dawn ! It's a new day ! It's a new life for me and I'm feeling good ! ( 8 ) 
I hope that remains just like hat it is : a dream . 
" Amen ! Ah , men are free ! Faith found ! Amen ! " 
Sarebande Suite ( Aeternae ) , Globus 
" Tenía un acento horroroso , como centroeuropeo o algo así , pero era perrunés al fin y al cabo . " 
Por esto adoro a Eoin Colfer ! ( H ) 
Come ... 
Come down to Earth , precious gift from the Skies . 
Pour down salvation on all of us . 
Cleanse the world from this corruption that breeds hate in our lives . 
Oh , Goddess , is this your LOVELESS ? 
Eltaisk 3-1 Thesis . 
Just one more ! 
Status : overjoyed . 
Subject's mind has been blown away by such impressive graphics with a high-velocity gold-plated HD cable together with a PS3 . 
Thinking of a choreography . Epic music really inspires me ! 
Creemos , we believe , nous croyons ... 
In which language do you want it ? The meaning's the same : I believe . 
Antonio Avila Carbajal Carla Celina Gabii Ale Gabo Bellamy Black 
Que tengan todos un excelente inicio de semestre ! Disfruten al máximo y no se arrepientan de nada ! Recuerden que la vida es un regalo que tenemos que cuidar para poder entragarla a los que siguen de la misma manera en que nos la dieron a n ... osotros , y nunca duden de ustedes . Vamos , que lo último siempre se disfruta más ! 
Cristian De la Rosa Luis Enrique Ochoa Avendaño Ferchas Real Alfredo Sánchez Carmona Mafer Cherry 
Todo indica que será un año de lo mejor ! Vamos , vamos , que aunque no lo notemos , el tiempo sigue corriendo ! 
Vamos , área 2 ! Si se puede ! 
" Probando , probando . Uno , dos . Uno , dos . Los troles traen terribles trastornos con sus traumas . " 
-Holly Canija , capitana de Reconocimiente de la PES : TE 
" Por tantas cosas , gracias una vez más . " 
-Alex Ubago 
" Wisdom , Justice , and Love " 
-Linkin Park , Martin Luther King Jr. 
Cerby officially recognises he is a gleek , and proud to be one ! 
Final Fantasy VII 
Mau Fdz Aún no termino la tarea de Biología ! D= 
" Omnia dividit , tragedia . Coram amandum quae ! 
Et nocte perpetua , ehem vel vera visione . Par oram videbo te , mane tempus expergiscendi ... " 
Somnus Nemoris , Final Fantasy Versus XIII 
" What makes us human ? It's the strength of the human heart that makes us human , nothing else . " 
Preferí quedarme en caza un sábado por la tarde/noche , terminando mi tarea de Biología , la cual comencé haciendo con gusto , después comencé a odiar , y terminé enterándome de muchas cosas interesantes sobre bacterias , plantas y animales . 
Yup , definitely a nerd , Lucy Chen ! 
Status : awed . 
Subject can't imagine his life with the new music he's just discovered . 
Feels like writing , but can't do it properly ... =/ 
" Poco a poco , hice mío ese humor negro tuyo tan característico , aquella introspección de la que haces gala , tu aislamiento voluntario y eterno . " 
E.A.W. 
Oh , bella luna ! Limpia con tu suave luz argentina el mal de este mundo ! Protege a tus hijos , los moradores de la noche que lloran por tu ausencia ! 
Diosa eterna , ¿por qué nos abandonas ? 
Eltiask Wolffe : Eres un maldito bastardo ! 
RiCky ZuÑiiGa : Pero por qué ? 
Eltiask Wolffe : Porque yo quiero ! Verdad , Fer Brito Jiménez ? 
Fer Brito Jiménez : Sí ! 
Que genial estuvo eso ! 
" My plug in baby crucifies my enemies when I'm tired of giving ! " 
-MUSE , ' Plug in Baby ' 
" Just let us start it over again , and we'll be good . This time we'll get it ... We'll get it right ! It's the last chance to forgive ourselves ... " 
MUSE , Exogenesis Symphony ( Redemption ) 
Mariel Mmi Armando Eliu Lopez Hernandez Luis Enrique Ochoa Avendaño Mafer Cruise Emilio Rosillo 
Que tengan todos un excelente inicio de semestre ! Disfruten al máximo y no se arrepientan de nada ! Recuerden que la vida es un regalo que tenemos que cuidar para poder entragarla a los que siguen de la misma manera en que nos la dieron a nosotros , y nunca duden de ustedes . Vamos , que lo último siempre se disfruta más ! 
Definitivamente , hubiera escogido área 4 ÚNICAMENTE por la posibilidad de estudiar Lenguas Clásicas . 
Adoro el latin ! <3 
Esta sensación de pérdida me invade , me corrompe , me ahoga ... 
Eltiask 4-0 Thesis 
I'm THAT great , Lucy Chen ! 
Is listening to Exogenesis Symphony . 
Definitely one of the best songs he has ever heard ! 
" People die , and Yuna dances . When will Yuna stop dancing ? 
That day , I decided I never wanted to see Yuna dancing again . " 
-Tidus , Final Fantasy X 
Nunca antes me había sentido tan feliz y tan cómodo en un salón de clases . Por primera vez , entiendo lo que se siente ir a la escuela con gusto . 
Loving each and every moment of his life . <3 
Mea luna ! Mea luna ! <3 
Third book done . Status : in stasis . 
En el concierto de OV7 ! 
Status : worried . 
Subject's mind is clouded with doubts and thoughts about his nephew's sudden convlusion . Subject doesn't seem to care as of right now of his life . 
Diagnosis . unknown . 
Amigos viejos y nuevos , personas conocidas y que conocí en este año , familiares nuevos y viejos ... ¿Qué haría yo sin ustedes ? Muchas gracias por enseñarme que en la vida hay personas que en verdad se preocupan por el otro . Felices fiestas . 
¿En dónde han quedado todos aquellos idealistas ? ¿Qué es lo que está mal con todos nosotros , habitantes de un mundo sin sentimientos ? 
... ¿Será que tener sentimientos es una rareza de la naturaleza ? 
To all those people watching the eclipse right now : thank you for sharing this moment with all of us who are watching it too . God bless you all . 
Status : sleepy . 
Due to legal identification , subject couldn't get enough sleep . 
Diagnosis : exhaustion . 
Ya casi es el concierto de Aleks Syntek ! Feliz , feliz ! 
" Let your feelings flow like water , and don't worry about where they will take you . " 
I'm a little bit closer to understanding who I am . Just a little closer ... 
Ma chérie Déesse , ou est-ce-que je te pourrais trouver ? Sur la lune ? Sur les étoiles ? Déesse , comprend ma supplication ! Nous souffrons sans ta présence ! 
Où trouverai-je ma déesse ? 
LOVELESS 
" Infinite in mystery is teh Gift of the Godess ... " 
-LOVELESS , Act I 
I believe in this world . I believe there is hope , peace , and love for everyone in this beautiful world . I believe we can find a place where we belong , and I truly believe in humankind . 
What about you ? Do you believe ? 
" If you want to become a Crusader of the Light , you must become firstly a Crusade or the Darkness . " 
" Dear Calculus , grow up and solve your own problems . kthxbai . " 
" ... And with the cataclysm raining down , 
Insides crying : " Save me now ! " . 
You were there , impossibly alone . " 
-Iridescent , Linkin Park 
Whoa . Coincidence ? Not at all , just necessity . 
" El único acordeón es el de la mente . " 
-Frases Célebres del Maldito Bastardo 2010 
Verdad , RiCky ZuÑiiGa y Fer Brito Jiménez ? 
There is just necessity in this life , Jaco ? o I ? arra That's the way life is , and if we met yesterday , it was because we both needed something . Thank you for sharing your knowledge with me . 
Lucy Chen , will you be my eValentine ? 
=D 
Like my status & I'll tell you : 1 . Something I've learned about you by 
looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 . The color you remind me of . 3 . 
My first memory of you . 4 . The animal you remind me of >.> 5 . Ask 
... something I've always wondered about you . 6 . My favorite thing about you . 7 . Give you a weird nickname . 8 . What's on my shirt now . 9 . Challenge you to post this ! 
" When my time comes , forget the wrong that I've done . Help me leave behind some resons to be missed ... " 
Final Fantasy XIII ... 
Who would've ever thought a simple game would be able to stir the essence of my life ? 
Feeling weird ... Elior Ambroix , how come I know you so well but you know nothing about me ? 
" Embrace the Lifestream ... " 
Cold as ice , tranquil and dangerous as water . Annoy me and you'll meet the powerful torrent of Nature . 
" No one's ready to let go of this life . No one will ever be . There are times , however , in which letting go is the only way to be free ... And to live . " 
Miguel Garcia Goya Necesito que mañana estés en la escuela a las 11 de la mañana , Goya . Tu cabeza pende de un hilo ! 
Welcome back to life , Eltiask Aleksei Wolffe . 
Mauricio Rivera Uribe send me the heart dissection lab report if you have it ! If you don't , then we're screwed ! ( Not really , but I just wanted to see a lab report of a dissection xD ) . By the way , done with Anatomy , History , Health Sciences and AP Bio . Lots of stuff left . 
" Why did you have to leave this place ? " 
Have you taken a glance to the skies tonight ? Can you feel it ? Just listen ... Listen for a second , and you will understand what life is about . 
" In the arms of an Angel ... " 
Elior Ambroix , are you watching over me from the skies ? 
" Thinking ? of you , wherever you are , we pray for our sorrows to end and hope that our hearts will blend . Now , I will step forward to realize this wish And who knows ? Starting a new journey may not be so hard , or maybe it has already begun We are not in the same world but we share the same sky one sky , one destiny . " 
-Kingdom Hearts 
Ah , Miss Mata ... Gracias por compartir con todos nosotros aquellos libros y aquellas obras tan bellas ! Acabo de leer nuevamente " Prohibido suicidarse en primavera " . Alguien se apunta ? =] 
" It's because of hardships that one learns to raise our voice . " 
Animam sacrificare necesse est ? 
Oh , Dios ... AHora necesito encontrar cuatro libros de la serie de Artemis Fowl a la voz de ayer . ¿Alguien coopera ? : B 
" Words like violence break the silence ... " 
Note to self : never stop believing . One day , maybe not tomorrow or the day after , I will remember all those things and understand they have made my life much better , and they've kept my hope in times when my dreams were shattered . 
Status : in stasis . 
Mental waves indicate a sudden outburst of nothingness followed by a big void inside the patient's mind . 
" Every man is guilty for not doing the good he could have done . " Voltaire 
Damned true . Right , Elior Ambroix ? What about you , Alistair London ? Eltiask Aleksei Wolffe , what do you think ? 
For once in your life , SMILE when you're feeling down , LOVE when all you're receiving is hate , and CARE when no one else does . ^^ 
This app is awesome ! 
Wow , I just experienced the Travelling Dream with Inception the app http://inceptiontheapp.com 
Finalmente lo he logrado ! Director del Hospital San Mungo ! * O * 
Waiting for the eclipse to begin ... Has anyone seen anything ? I haven't! 
Two days , two books . Here I go for the next one , then . 
-¿Qué tengo que hacer ? Ya he donado la grasa , ¿no ? 
Mayordomo entronó los ojos . 
-Por favor , no . 
A Juliet se le escapó una risita . 
-No te preocupes , Dom . No recordarás nada . 
-Noquéame -dijo Mayordomo- . Derpsia . 
-No hay de qué -farfulló Mantillo , tratando de rascarse el trasero . 
U_U 
Why time has to pass so quickly ? 
Gamer mode OFF 
TLOZ : PH definitely was a lovely game . Good job , Nintendo ! 
" Any man can handle adversity . If you want to test a man's character , give him power . " 
Abraham Lincoln . 
Status : unknown . 
Subject's mind has turned into a mayhem of ideas , feelings , and values . 
I'll follow you into the dark ... 
Wow , I just experienced the Still Dream with Inception the app http://inceptiontheapp.com 
GAMER MODE : ON 
The Legeond of Zelda : Phantom Hourglass won't last long ! 
Y pensar que la vida se esfuma en un segundo ... 
Once more it comes to an end . Once more , a new beginning dawns upon us . What are we supposed to do with it ? Only you know what to do . What you do will shape you , what you say will talk about you , and what you think will make you grow . Stop . Think for a moment . Take this new chance to change . Have a wonderful new year , and God bless you all . 
Status : extremely sad . 
Subject rejects any attempt of medication due to his last day of break . 
Diagnosis : school . 
Wow , I just experienced the Quiet Dream with Inception the app http://inceptiontheapp.com 
Status : in deep brooding session . 
Subject seems to be thinking deeply of the meaning of his latest dreams . 
Me sorprende que Emilio Rosillo y Rodrigo Suárez se conozcan y yo ni enterado ... o.o 
Status : waiting . 
Subject is waiting for the release of Final Fantasy XIII-2 and Final Fantasy Versus XIII . 
Diagnosis : gamer addiction . 
Status : hysterical . 
Subject's mind seems to have endured an excessive amount of stress and could not stand the pressure of it . 
Status : enraged . 
Subject's temper has gone wild due to certain issues with relatives . 
AVPM rocks ! 
Great for those who unnderstand ! Those who don't , go and search right now ! 
Ferchas Real Alekz BathOry Miguel Garcia Goya Tomorrow James wants to speak with me at 11 . It'd be nice if you were there too , but I don't know what he wants to talk about . His face was serious , something uncommon for him . 
Subject's mind is dying due to extreme stress and work . 
Diagnosis : severe mental exhaustion . 
Status : in deep thought . 
Subject seems unsure of how to act in the following day . 
Such a beautiful sight ... I have this sensation , a sensation which is telling me this year will be awesome ! 
Status : weird . 
Subject's mind is clouded with several thoughts and nothing at the same time . 
Ars medicina ... 
" Están en el corazón de los sextos . ¡Háganlo vivir , latir y vibrar ! " 
Al parecer , mientras más se filosofa , más se desconoce . 
Es en estos momentos cuando en verdad necesito comprender y recordar ALGO de lo que he visto en formación cristiana ... 
So what now ? Where am I headed ? 
Lucy Chen , I'm listening to Bu hui fen li right now ! =D 
And now in AP Orgo we're reviewing alcohol and its production ... 
Life is good . 
Subject is quite excited about DA2 demo's launching today . Can't resist the urge to play XBox . 
Gabii Ale , cómo has estado ? Qué día es tu examen ? El mío es el domingo ! Espero que todo esté bien por allá , te deseo éxito en tu examen y espero que pronto podamos compartir historias tomando un buen café de Starbucks ! =D 
HUNGER ! D= 
I still don't understand why I find Medicine so amazing . 
Definitely , being a medic is my future . 
Después del estrés del examen de Ecología ... 
El análisis literario de " El mundo de Sofía " . 
A todos los que presentan examen este finde : 
Les deseo mucho éxito en el examen ! Vamos por nuestro futuro ! 
Status : occupied . 
Subject is studying and preparring for his college application exam . 
Diagnosis : nerd mode ON . 
Carla Celina , Alex Vargas Pineda , Pau Delgado Rubio : éxito en su examen ! =D Les deseo lo mejor y que consigan su futuro ! 
Fer Brito Jiménez También a tí ! =D 
Gabii Ale ! Amiga ! Te deseo mucho éxito en tu examen ! Ya verás cómo todo salrá de maravilla ! Un abrazo ! =) 
" It's in the blackened bones of bridges I have burned ... " 
" It's in my pain alone of bridges I have burned ... " 
" So don't apologise , I'm losing what I don't deserve ! " 
Gabii Ale ! Amiga ! Estás en tu casa para marcarte ? No te puedo llamar a tu cel ! D= 
Después de un millón de miradas , ciento cincuenta minutos , un millar de latidos y una multitud de pensamientos , me encuentro rememorando lo sucedido . Gracias , LOVELESS , por permitirme lograr mi misión . 
Final Countdown ! 
Eight days until Dragon Age II ! 
" Remember all the sadness and frustration , and let it go ... Let it go . " 
" And with a burst of light that blinded every angel , as if the sky had blown the heavens into stars , you felt the gravity of tempered grace falling into empty space , no one there to catch you in their arms ... " 
Final Countdown Status ! 
Seven days until Dragon Age II ! 
Final Countdown Status : 
Six days until Dragon Age II ! 
Status : Delegate God Mode ON . 
Subject is definitely involved with research , investigation , intuition , and possible solutions of three issues which will become his life for three days . 
Diagnosis : MUN Mode ON . 
WARNING ! 
Do NOT disturb subject , else he might kill you . 
On our way to Lomas Verdes ! COLONMUN 2011 , here we go ! 
First day : DONE ! 
Awesome ! 
Rocking like a hurricane ! ( 8 ) 
Day two : DONE ! 
Rocking each moment , dudes and dudettes ! 
Day Three : DONE . 
Definitely , loved this COLONMUN ! 
Angelica Gonzalez , Mauricio Rivera Uribe , Lili Hernández Ramos ! Ya me llegaron las etiquetas ! mándenme su correo en inbox , que no me acuerdo ! D= 
Mirrodin Faction , just got my Mirromancy intro pack . Hell , now I'm starting to like artifacts ! =D 
Luis Enrique Ochoa Avendaño ! Maldito ! Phyrexia me ha quitado The Tangle ! Te maldigo por ello ! The Quicksilver Sea y The Anvil conquistarán a The Tangle y a Phyrexia ! The five suns shine on . We will triumph . 
Gah ! Mañana ! Mañana ! Dragon Age 2 mañana a la venta ! Mañana ! :D 
Después de una clase asesina de baile , nada mejor que Dragón Age II 
Enchantment ? 
Ebchantment ! 
Gente ! Japón necesita nuestra ayuda en estos momentos de necesidad . Por favor , organicemos una recolecta de víveres para nuestros hermanos ! Piensen si a ustedes les gustaría que los demás no les ayudaran si algo así les pasara . Seamos humanos ! 
Detengan la matanza sin sentido de animales para fosilizar en la Escuela Cristóbal Colón ! 
NO A LA MATANZA POR EDUCACION SIN JUSTIFICACION ! 
Wait , what ? Dragon Age II is OVER ?! So quickly ?! I want MORE ! This can't end like this ! 
With Dragon Age II over , I proceed now with Assassin's Creed . 
Definitely gamer mode ON . 
" It's a Keeper's job to remember ... " 
Merril , Dalish Pariah . 
Holy shit ! The Hero of Ferelden and the Hawkes are FAMILY ! I would have NEVER thought Bioware would be able to do something like this . Of course , a true family of heroes never disappears . It's in its blood ... >=] 
Alright , I won't have lunch tomorrow . Say , do you even care ? You've got nothing to reclaim , so let it go . 
Geez ... 
Gah ! Matt Pokora etáis au Mexique ! Pour quoi ?! D= 
Needs more fucking sleep . 
Shave : DONE 
Suit : READY 
Mood : Not really ... 
Can't believe it's coming to an end , guys . I refuse to believe it . 
Will not gen enough sleep today ! ( 8 ) 
Gleek power ! ( 8 ) 
Es en estos momentos cuando me doy cuenta de lo poco que sé y de lo mucho que ignoro ... 
Definitely needs much more fucking sleep . 
* resolviendo guía para ENLACE * 
Donnet : Ya lo hiciste ? 
Ismael : Sí , ya lo hice . 
Donnet : Cuánto te dio ? 
Ismael : * inserte valor aleatorio aquí* , y a ti ? 
Donnet : * inserte valor aleatorio aquí* . Martha , a ti cuánto te dio ? 
Martha : Nada . 
* en clase de Ciencias de la Salud , método clínico * 
Richie : * usando un baumanómetro * No se infla ! 
Fer e Ismael : Se esta saliendo el aire ... * Ismael cierra la válvula de escape de aire * 
Y que pierdo algo importante ... 
Tell me , would you kill to save your life ? 
Tell me , would you kill to prove you're right ? 
Crash , crash . Burn ! Let it all burn ! 
This hurricane's chasing us all underground ! 
( 8 ) 
" C'est pas la realité ... Cest un rève . " 
" Todo dentro de este corazón está a punto de convertirse en llamas ... " 
" Toute qui reste dans cet coeur s'enflammera bientôt ... " 
FFXIII OUT TONIGHT AT STORES ! 
( 8 ) Digimon , digital monsters ... ( 8 ) 
Fat pack ! Fat pack ! Fat pack ! =D 
So yeah , after some years I've learned to admire and respect the Mirrodin Faction . We will fight back all intruders ! Long live the Five Suns ! 
Mörgan Stanislaw , a ver cuándo nos vemos , hermano ! Ya hace falta , no lo crees ? ^_^ 
The Alan Wake Files ... 
" When you think you've written everything , something mysterious , cryptic , and unusual pops out of nowhere , haunting your dreams , leaking your mind and sanity . " 
" Jump and touch the sky . " 
-Thirty Seconds to Mars 
Sometimes , all you gotta do is believe . 
Sometimes , when the world seems to be crumbling , all you gotta do is keep dreaming . 
Sometimes , when everything is going the wrong way , all you gotta do is smile . 
Sometimes , when no one believes , all you gotta do is believe . 
You'd be surprised by the amount of people who ignores this . Believe . 
" One night of the hunter ! One day I will get revenge ! " 
-30STM 
The honorable delegation of Japan will be present and voting at TECMUN 2011 ! United Nations Ecological Program , here we go ! 
" Welcome to the family . " 
=) 
" This is a call to arms ! Gather , soldiers ! Time to go to war ! This is a battle song , brothers and sisters ! Time to go to war ! " 
-Vox Populi , 30STM 
Alright , my rightarm is down . Dunno why . 
Algo qué hacer , algo qué hacer ... 
Por favor , que alguien me dé ALGO qué hacer ! D= 
" Can you imagine a time when truth ran free ? " 
-Closer to the Edge , Thirty Seconds to Mars 
Status : Incredible pain on his right shoulder . 
Subject seems to be worried about upcoming results . 
Diagnosis : Restlessness and worriness . 
Después de nuestras boberías , creo que todos nos merecemos un descanso . ¿No es cierto , Angelica Gonzalez , RiCky ZuÑiiGa , Fer Brito Jiménez y Brian Dark ? 
Mi caída ! En el escenario es danza , en la escuela es tontería ! XD 
" If you make a promise to yourself you have to keep it , no matter what . " 
Mi pobre corazón está a punto de estallar en llamas ... 
Y esta espera me vuelve loco , consumiendo todo mi interior , desgarrando mi confianza y esperanza , desterrando sueños e ilusiones , destrozando fe y pensamientos ... 
