Come tomorrow I will be home , and therefore displeased as to the distance away from Bryan I will thus be . 
Boat was canceled due to Hurricane , I shan't be home until friday . 
Found a bunch of fireworks in my closet 
How much longer must I wait for my PRECIOUS BOOK !? 
Home from the cottage , where dust is bountiful and takes it's toll on my face . Didn't feel it yesterday as I was outside all day , but after the second night it unfailingly hit me like a train . 
Finally , on break at last ! 
It's been THREE WEEKS ! Where are my god forsaken aquarium plants !? If any of them are dead I will be SO PISSED OFF . 5-12 days my ASS . 
Applying for college to be a ' Computer Electronics Technician ' . Also taking : French and Chemistry Might also take : Programming concentration Hoorah 
PEEPS IS AN AWESOME FISH 
Found my sata cable so was able to get my old PC running and relived years 06-08 . It was pretty awesome , but I'm going to put the hard drive in my new PC so I can relive the past with more ram and better hardware . 
Blah blah blah blah blah 
God I HATE haircuts . I ask for one thing and they do something completely irrelevant . She actually had it the way I wanted it for once , but then went on to snip off what I liked about it , had I known her intentions I would have said something . and from there she went on to make my bangs uneven and look like shit . I think now more than ever I distrust hairdressers with ANYTHING more complex than a simple trim 
Learned my great great great grandparents were both from germany . And my grandfathers side either came from Russia(most likely ) , Germany , Brazil , or Scotland(rather unlikely ) . Pretty interesting to know 
SUM BICTH TALKN SHIT 
At Bryans haus for the summer . Then back to school for me . 
Why the hell does sarah palin have her own tv show ? 
Coming home next week , probably Thursday . 
Drowning in math 
I just heard some swiss guy on the TV say : " These guys .. They have really balls . " 
Can't stop the Peeps 
Test #2 this week , Physics ! Wish me luck . 
Bleeblaablooblaa 
So happy I took chemistry , it is fun times . Physics can be my friend too , but not you math , you're like trench warfare in my brain . 
R . I . P Leslie Nielson , you made me laugh harder than most 
Thank you for all the happy birthday wishes ! 
I've decided to apply to SMUniversity to study History instead of computer electronics . I hope very much to be accepted , as it would be so much more rewarding a career to pursue as opposed to being a computer tech , for me personally that is . 
Exterminieren ! Exterminieren ! 
Halt ! Sonst werden wir Sie exterminieren ! Sie sind jetzt ein Gefangener der Daleks ! 
I'm feelin ' CRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAZAAYYYY ! 
I don't like it doesn't , but it does really bad .. TEACHERS HAVE SOULS ! 
Going to Saint Mary's in the fall to start a long and glorious journey of learning . 
I want to major in Classical History and Minor in Philosophy ; 
And what a fun ride it will be . 
: ? 
