Met a girl , fell in love , glad as i can be met a girl , fell in love , glad as I can be But i think all the time , is she true to me ? Cuz there's nothing in this world to stop me worryin bout that girl 
Manning back for another Super Bowl 
do Geese see God ? 
I will say this about Tarentino : he has the best ear in Hollywood for music , sound effx , and sound editing . So , what the hell , people ? What am i missing that everyone else seems to see ? 
Ah , Satan sees Natasha ... 
Worst Actor on Lost : whoever Sawyer is in real life . I mean , how over the top can you get ? 
You Are Entitled to My Own Opinion : To Bookface , cc : movie enthusiasts everywhere : What is it world ? Why do I seem to be the only one who doesn't see what is good about Tarentino's new film , Inglorious Basterds ? I went into the movie very interested . First scene : awesomely depicted tension , great acting . The rest of the movie : stupid , messy crap . 
And now ... getting my drink on , getting my Lost on 
First of all , why does the SUBPLOT take total control of the movie ?? It's entitled IB , yet the Basterds boast a total of twenty minutes saved from the cutting floor . And half of them are missing in between cut-aways . So , we're led to believe half of them died ... might've been cool to watch , rather than the looooong , boring scenes following Blonde Cinema Owner and Irritating Socially Unaware Nazi Sniper . 
And the Blonde Cinema lady bent on revenge , falling for the bad-guy-playing-possum ? Even in the Forties , this was a cliche ! And what the hell is up with killing Hitler ?? That's like slapping the faces of every Jew and Gypsy family that suffered the Holocaust ; it cheapens the reality of what happened , borderline mocks it . 
I'll find it before i float around the tip of their tongue 
So i finally watched the movie Witness for the first time , where Harrison Ford hides as an Amish man . As many of you know my past w/ the Amish , you should not be surprised to hear I was disappointed that they , the Amish , were portrayed in a positive light . When will we get the balls to make a movie that shows them in their actual radiance : 
You know the worst part of any State of the Union Address ? The fact that this is a democracy and we have to wait for every opinionated heel-nipper to stop clapping before a sentence gets finished . I've said it before : democracy ... simply doesn't work . 
Imagine that , Stan : Karate Jesus ! 
There's no room for cursing in a civilized world . UNLESS , Brenden , UNLESS u know how to do it right . It's called creative use of words . It's like poetry , like Robert Frost : Stopping by the woods , on a snowy fuckin evenin . That kinda shit . 
Satan oscillate my metallic sonataS 
Can someone please tell me why Bookface is playing us off one another by having us answer questions that are either obscene , ill-humoroed , or just downright mean ? And to what ends ? So we can find out who ELSE is answering questions about us that is none of their business ? The whole interaction seems to acheive nothing but the further spreading of narcissism . 
Okay , so i finally have Bookface . It is only because certain people continuously pester me to create an account . If you ask me to be your neighbor for some stupid-ass game , i will probably not only say no but laugh at you because you obviously dont me . So live it up , those of you who know to whom i am speaking , you broke my impressive wall built against the technological ages . 
Every " suspenseful " scene , e.g. Basement Tavern , French cafe Cream scene , etc ., is entirely too drawn out and ridiculous . What happened to the clever hilarious dialogue and shifts in expectation that we've come to accept from Pulp Fiction , Res . Dogs , hell , even the Kill Bill movies ? 
Anyone interested in seeing a new movie , but can't decide what's worth watching , I suggest A Serious Man by the Coen Brothers . Hilarious . 
making their sons smoke at the age of 12 ( and that's not " machine-rolled cigarettes , English ) , standing RIGHT NEXT to the target while their friend sights in his single-shot rifle , their lack of hygeine , spiteful disregard for property lines , neglecting American laws that dont suit them while taking advantage of ones that do .... 
Okay , least favorite character on Lost : Kate . What a dumb ho . If there were to be a picture next to the exemplar of why Good Intentions aren't always a good thing , you'd see her dumb ass . 
" Are you BLUE ? " 
" Only in color , Michael , only in color . " 
Jai guru deva ... Om . 
Nothing's gonna change my world . 
I'm gonna give you some terrible thrills , like a : Science Fiction Double Feature 
Got new ( well , new to me ) furniture for the new apartment . This place is gonna look like the mismatched set of Sanford and Son . 
In Titusville , PA bitches . Saw leaves fall off a tree for the first time in over a year . 
SO sick of this weather . 
And the eyes in his head/See the world spinning round ... 
New simple plan to resolve the issue in the Gulf of Mexico : just rename it the Black Sea 
Bruins score 5 goals in the third period ? Kiddin me ? 
Showered and ready to drink to the patriots ' imminent slapdown . Which reminds me of those Slap Chop commercials . which I am now posting . 
Second attempt this week to watch Annie Hall . WHAT is Woody Allen's appeal ? I can't stand listening to his pretentiousness for more than 12 minutes . 
I forgot how good of a movie Falling Down is . It's practically an allegory . 
Oh my Glory ! new Venture Bros episode was hilarious 
It rained so hard today the roof at work couldn't even restrain it from hitting my head while inside . And I come home to find the swimming pool has overflowed all over the courtyard . At least there's no lovebugs pissin me off . 
At work for the .... tenth day in a row . Yeah , this is fun . 
Look , Zero ....... Searchlights ! 
Aaaaaaaand officially moved in . Try moving everything you own in 95 degree heat all in one day . Nope , I couldn't do it either . 
My fingertips are holding onto 
The cracks in our foundation 
Ewwwww the Lovebugs are back ! What's that Mr/Miss Notfromflorida ? Think it sounds cute ? Try walking out onto your balcony and having your face come into contact w/ 500 organisms fornicating like it's National Entomological Orgy Day ! Cute ...? 
Rereading Ellis's The Rules of Attraction . What a sad bunch of morons . Actually , it'd be sad if it wasn't so hilarious . 
Blue is the color of the sky-y-y-y 
In the morning , we when rise 
That's the time , that's the time , 
I love the best . 
It's so much fun seeing everyone's great halloween weekends posted while I sit here at work . 
Called into work today . All plans eliminated . 
How do these people decide : Hm , think I'll go into work at 4:09 in the morning ...? Seems pretty arbitrary for work run by dozens of people with doctorates in various sciences .... 
Ah what a nice morning . Birds are chirping . Bees are trying to have sex with them -- as is my understanding . 
is too old for this shit . 
Professor Impossible : You see , Dr Venture , I found your father's machine in my foundation years ago . Then I thought about you in Physics class ... You were a daydreamer , a sassmouth , and not infrequently a bit of a gigglepuss ... Somehow I doubt twenty years of amphetamines and failure have done much to improve that . 
Far from ... Our home ... A heap of flash ... Behind the dash ... It gathers . 
The culmination of my week of working Shades of Green : money that my boss forgot to file w/ Payroll , 50 hours ' practice to be one of those Buckingham Palace guards that never move , and read the first 3 books of the Torah . How absurd is Leviticus ?? Anyone ? 
Here's how life works : you either ask for an apology , or you shoot people . You don't get to do both . 
One sound can hold back a thousand hands , when the pipe plays a tune forlorn , and the thistle is a prickly flower , aye , but how it's sweetly worn ... 
Lots of people think we're invincible ... we're vincible ... 
Doesn't drop below 80 degrees until after 2 a.m. I love living in the bowels of satan 
Ugh , terrible musicians ... it's not bad if you only know three chords , but at least play them in the right order . Think your music is what's killing the tree outside my window . 
Nice , Stillers , nice . 
Amazing what a mercury plummet can do for my power bill . Saved $30 by pushing my AC switch a centimeter to the Off position . 
" There , I just sold you for a cigarette -- and I DON'T SMOKE ! " 
And while I'm at it , why don't I just take a whiz on this $3500 suit ! COME ON ! 
That night we anchored in a woody bay 
And sleep no more around us dared to hover 
Than , when all doubt and fear has past away , 
It shades the couch of some unresting lover , 
Whose heart is now at rest : thus night passed over 
In mutual joy : around , a forest grew 
Of poplars and dark oaks , whose shade did cover 
The waning stars prankt in the waters blue , 
And trembled in the wind from which the morning flew . 
Overheard tonight : So at what point does CPR become necrophilia ? 
Gary Coleman died . What fools he made of us all : he knew EXACTLY what we were talking about all along ... 
November 2010 : Dennis Lehane's latest ( and perhaps Last ) Patrick Kenzie novel arrives . After only ten years of waiting . 
All the white girls trip when i sing at sunday service ... hahaha thank you , Jack White 
A man came up to me at a gas station today , waving , and abruptly stopped and said , " Oh , I thought you were someone else . " And I replied , " I am . " 
Someone said , This'll take till kingdom come ! 
I said , " Shit , I don't have that on my watch . " 
I don't get it =) 
And they're all made out of ticky-tacky , and they all look just the same ... 
Discovery : Whenever you may find yourself in a situation where youre hungry and have no food around but do have computer , just watch that McRib commercial . You won't wanna eat for at least half a day . 
Yes he's leavin ... leavin on the midnight train to Georgia 
despises multiple choice questions where none of the offered answers comes close to what I would say . 
GOB : So you're telling me , Michael can't go anywhere AND he's incommunicado ? 
Narrator : And that's when GOB decided to steal the yacht and go to South America for the summer . 
Apparently they're just GIVING AWAY hat tricks these days . 
Hangin with the McKees and our little Lyddi-Bug ... 
Wish I was in Cairo right now . They even have nobel laureate rallying , his eyes on the presidency . Good luck to you poor bastards . Rabble ! rabblerabblerabble . 
Okay , wtf is the deal with all the stupid cartoon icons , guys ? 
Well I managed to take out the tiger with some Mace , but the sweetshoppe owner and his son were an different story altogether .... i had to beat them to death with their own shoes ... nasty business , really . BUT we got the M'n'Ms to Ozzy and he put on a great show ... 
Another uneventful Halloween come and gone . I'd go into business for myself so I could call off whenever I wanted , but outside of killing strangers for money I lack the wherewithal for business . 
Blah . 
Moving into the new place today . 
Ooo , you know what's always sexy ? Fingerless gloves .... 
Pens w/o Crosby AND Malkin and guess what ? They still won , haters . 
First day off in two weeks . Literally . I'm gonna get drunk . 
Live every week like it's Shark Week . 
And please don't tell me ... Perhaps , Perhaps , Perrrrhaps .... 
Love how my Last.fm account not only knows the music I'd like , but also the music that is so bad it'd actually make me laugh and enjoy despite my musical taste , like for instance : MGMT 
She with all the female guile led him helpless down the aisle , she had finally made a Conquest . 
hahaha I missed Free Pretzel Day at work ! I wake up every morning in a bed that's too small , send my daughter to school that costs too much , and go to work for a job that pays too little , but on Pretzel Day .... well , I like Pretzel Day . 
Best midday coma ever . 
I swear to christ Joe Buck jinxes the steelers better than anyone else on the planet . 
Twenty-five wives in the lake tonight 
Raw bark in the water of the marble shrine 
You know youre exhausted when you spend ten minutes trying to finger out the spare shard of eggshell from your mix and finally say , screw it -- sorry gums , and start cooking 
We live in a world where the word " univocal " has more than one definition in the dictionary . And Facebook doesn't even recognize it as a word . But then again , Facebook apparently doesn't recognize Facebook as a word either , according to these red underlinings . 
So just realized my second twelve-hour shift this weekend is actually thirteen hours . Daylight Savings ends ? Are we really still doing that crap , despite the fact that the world did away with farmers the same day the first android was hatched ? COME ON ! 
" Oh , that's just Li-Li , my longtime com-panda . I won her from David Bowie at one of his trivia contests . This was 1980 perhaps , long before the big Trivia Craze ... but then , Bowie always was a trendsetter . " 
Leaving work . Breakfast . Sleep . Workout . Steelers ' Victory celebration with friends . 
Walkin on down to the buryin ground , it's a very old dance with a merry old sound . 
Excuse me , is your refrigerator running ? Cuz if it is , it probably runs a lot like you : very homosexually . 
Hahaha " The Final Countdown " came on the radio while I was in the shower and all I could think about was GOB Bluth ... " She's not THAT Mexican , Mom , she's MY Mexican ... and she's Colombian or something ... anyway it's over . " 
Easily the most beautiful day of the year here in T-Vegas FL ... Not even Dick LeBeau's stupid call can ruin such a day . 
What's this ? There's white things in the air ... 
Back from the hellish week . Trivia night at the Shamrock & Thistle . Yes , I agree , no pub should have a name that long . 
Psycho Killer - Qu'est que c'est - Fa fa fa FA fa fa fa fa FA fa far better 
Happy Birthday , Shawn . 
Another awesome weather day . 
I did some research and it turns out divorce is the #2 stressful event in a person's life . Of course , marriage is #7 , so .... Look out ... everyone . It's alllll bad . 
Xander Crews : Hey , Douchington ! I bet I bag more birds than you ! 
Killface : HA ! The swamp will run red with the blood of my vicious slaughter ! 
Have the first weekend off since I got this damn job . Mark it down . One for the Ages . 
Hank : So this has nothing to do with Triana and her dad piling junk on our front lawn ? 
Dean ( nervous ): Oh , is she out there ? 
Hank : Dean ... dean , dean ... when are you gonna admit it ? 
Dean : Admit what ?! 
Hank : Admit that I can still rock a kerchief ! 
Aaaand back to work at midnight . 
Filed for Tax Return . " So swirl that softly and slowly around your erect nipples . " -Xander Cruise 
Xander frickin Crews ! Do you SEE the bigass sign on the front of the building ? Does it say Stan the Big Fat Stupid Jerk Liar who Tried to Steal My Company ? NO--Building's not tall enough !! 
Halo Social Slayer is the only realm on Earth where the people who have absolutely no lives can make you feel bad about how inept you are at something . 
Ran in the rain today . Feel like a twelve year old again . A twelve year old who smokes three packs a day . heh . Ah : runs ... 
Ah , nothing like sharing an office with someone who smells like their wet dog . 
Still one of the best things to do : Enjoy the sunrise while listening to the second half of Abbey Road . 
B-b-b-benny n the jetssssssssssssssssssssssssss 
Maeby : But we don't have to go , do we ? 
Michael : C'mon , this is a Bluth family celebration ... this is no place for children . " 
So much for a cool breezy autumn in New Spain .... Sweatin my ass of at five in the morning at the end of October . 
If there is one thing that can be learned from EVERY action drama in the history of American television , it is that women are easily kidnapped . 
NO residence should lose power as much as mine does . Soon as I get around to resetting the clock in my kitchen , damn power goes out again . 
Advice Over the Phone - 
Me : Just , you know , free your mind . And the rest will follow . 
( Pause . ) 
Jon : Are you reciting En Vogue ? 
( longer pause . ) 
Me : ... No . 
If I had the money , I'd pay back every dollar on Richard Seymour's fine for punching out Fat Head . Hahaha He's been deserving it his entire life . 
My bad , everyone . Definitely jinxed that game . 
Four more days and I'm back in PA . The good side this time . Cannot wait . :) 
In the time of chimpanzees , I was a monkey ... 
There's a destination a little up the road from the habitations of the towns we know ; a place we saw the lights turn low ; the jigsaw jazz and the jetfresh flow 
I shall be strutting in Pittsburgh 23 hours from now . October in PA . Nothing better to me . 
My absentmindedness , in cahoots with my coffee maker , will be my undoing . 
" You wanna know what a rash is , Brendan , I'll tell you . You get a rash , on your body , and it hurts so bad ... you go blind . That's how bad it is ! You blow up like a balloon , you look like a circus freak -- know what I'm talkin about ? -- next thing you know , you're IN the circus , touring , making good money ....... You know my life , Brendan . 
Can I get ya a drink , Eddie ? Fix ya something to eat ? Drive ya out in the middle of nowhere , leave ya for dead ? 
Naw , I'm fine , Clark . 
Uggghhh ... Attempted cure : Soup , dextromethorphan , Tar Heels sweater w/ beanie , and good old Marx Brothers movie -- Night at the Opera . 
Jonathan Franzen's The Corrections . Sometimes there's a very good reason for mass appeal . 
" And in her eyes you see nothing , 
No sign of love behind the tears ; 
Cried for no one , 
A love that should've lasted years . " 
Who's ready to see Aronofsky's new film ? Looks creepy as hell . 
Gorgeous outside . This is much more like it . And I've had about enough of everyone badmouthing the snow . You think it's yucky now ? In't even December yet . At least enjoy it now , before it's just brown sludge in February . 
It's official : I have my first cold in over a decade . 
Goddammit , get a new punter Jets ! You could at least do that if you can't play a football game 
Sonny : I think I can deal with these guys . Is there any special country you wanna go to ? 
Sal ( pensive ): ... Wyoming . 
Sonny : Wyoming is -- that's not a country ... That's okay , I'll take care of things . 
Off we go in Foxboro ... 
Give in to what you cannot fight ; Walk Among Us ... 
I learned something in that explosion : beauty doesn't last ... it can get blown off your head at any moment . 
Dear Michael : This is a reminder that Wal-Mart NEVER has what youre looking for . Yet every two months you find yourself wandering back in there like a rat in a maze with short term memory loss , about to have another nervous breakdown . So remember : Wal-Mart Sucks . 
Sweating my ass off . Still no empirical sign of any physical improvement . 
I'm the Hiphopopotamus , feels a lil like phosphorus poppin off the top of this esophagus , rockin this metropolis , i'm not a large water-dwelling mammal , where did ya get this preposterous hypothesis , did Steve tell ya this by chance ....? hmm .... Steve .... 
You said , i must eat so many lemons , cuz i am so bitter ... 
As much as I've outgrown the mentality of their music , oldschool From Autumn to Ashes still made some great songs 
Feels like my anatomy tailor screwed up measurements when he did my skull-fitting ; my brain's bout to pop out through my eye sockets . 
It beginnnnnnnzzzzzzzz yinnnnnnnnzzzzz 
Well apparently I'm getting the new profile whether I like it or not . Why give us the choice in the first place ? 
The ornaments look pretty , but theyre pulling down the branches of the tree . 
" I couldn't figure it out at first , but then I had a brainwave ! " -quoted from Hitchcock's Dial M for Murder . hahahaha ohhh 1950s science-minded society ! Running on single sporadic brainwaves , poor dullards . 
" In the Beginning , the universe was created . This made many people angry , and has been widely regarded as a bad move ... " 
Michael : Gob , I'm not going to turn this mock trial into some kind of ... 
Gob : You were going to say mockery , weren't you ? 
Michael : I was in trouble like three words into that . 
Just read a 6 1/2-page paragraph and realized at the end that no new information , apart from the motivations of a completely irrelevant character , was gained . Counting the time it took me to complain about it on here to no one who cares , Dostoevsky just wasted fifteen minutes of my life . 
Wrecking and ravaging , savoring-savaging . 
People I can do without : Men who call their wives Mama or , worse , Mom , even when their kids aren't within earshot . You're middle-aged and married and what you are doing is creepy . Every time you refer to your wife as Mama or , worse , Mom , you should schmanked across the mouth with a partially-thawed trout . 
hahaha " Red meat has been found to cause cancer in white rats , maraschino cherries have been found to cause cancer in white rats , cell phones has been found to cause cancer in white rats -- could it be that cancer is simply hereditary in white rats ? " 
Arthur : Right , we can talk about normality til the cows come home ... 
Ford : What IS normal ? 
Trillian : What's home ? 
Zaphod : What are cows ? 
There he goes : one of God's own prototypes , a high-powered mutant of some kind , too weird to live , too rare to die . 
" The great fall of the offwall entailed at such short notice the pftjschute of Finnegan , erse solid man , that the humptyhillhead of humself prumptly sends an unquiring one well to the west in quest of his tumptytumtoes : and their upturnpikepointandplance is at the knock out in the park where oranges have been laid to rust upon the green since devlinsfirst loved livvy . " -James Joyce 
After this weekend , finished with Astrotech ... Acabado ... And next weekend , first full weekend off since I have no idea . 
" No one in government takes responsibility for anything anymore . We foster , we obfuscate , we rationalize : Everybody does it , that's what we say . So we come to occupy a moral safehouse where everyone's to blame so no one's guilty . I'm to blame . I was wrong . " -Martin Sheen , The West Wing 
Every night , a truck pulls up to my neighborhood bagel shop and pumps about a ton of flour into underground tanks , and the air is filled with white dust that never seems to land -- why is that ? 
" When the going gets weird , the weird turn pro . " 
" Oh ... we were the best , huh ? Did you hear that , Robin ? WERE the best ... DON'T YOU EVER TALK TO ME LIKE THAT AGAIN ! I'M BARRY F-ING GIBB ! I'M FROM THE STREETS OF SYDNEY , AND I WILL PUT YOU IN THE GROUND ! ( singing ): I'LL PUT YOU IN THE GR O-O UND ! " 
Just went out to my courtyard at four in the morning to shake trees and throw rocks in an attempt to silence or kill the birds who decide it's cool to wake up and start screaming at 2 AM . No luck . Seemed to have awakened their spiteful side . 
Dr. Girlfriend : Sweetie , isn't that the guy from Depeche Mode ? 
The Monarch : Oh no , wait , where ? Holy crap , he's with a girl ! 
Dr. Girlfriend : Oh yeah , that guy is totally straight . I saw a whole thing about him on the VH1 . 
The Monarch : But he's the guy from Depeche Mode . That's impossible ! 
Dr. Girlfriend : Straight ! 
The Monarch : Come on ! He's in Depeche Mode ! 
Just rewatched a West Wing episode that plays that stupid Hallelujah song . I mean , has there been a tv drama in the last ten years that DOESN'T have an episode where that ridiculous song gets played ? SO SICK of it coming back . 
" If you should go skating on the thin ice of modern life , dragging behind you the silent reproach of a million tearstained eyes , dont be surprised when a crack in the ice appears under your feet ; you slip out of your depth and out of your mind with your fear flowing out behind you as you claw the thin ice . " 
" With a bit of luck , it'll ruin his life -- forever thinking that just behind some narrow door in all his favorite bars , men in red Pendleton shirts are getting incredible kicks from things he'll never know ... " 
" For Iris has learned that to experience a thing is not to know it , or even to have the power to remember it coherently . Still less the power of language to express it . " 
Hunter : Are you prepared to do whatever your country asks of you ? 
Brock : Yes . 
Hunter : CAN you keep your mind about you when confronted w/ mind-blowing weirdness at every turn ? 
Hunter : Are you ready for anything ? 
Brock : YES . 
( Pause ) 
Hunter : Are you STILL ready for anything ? 
Brock : Y- 
( Hunter hits him in the crotch ): WRONGO ! 
Dear New Spain : ENOUGH w the humidity ! It seals the remittance envelopes for my medical bills before I can even fill them . EVERY time . 
Hi ho , hi ho , it's off to work me go . 
Announcer : Ladies and gentlemen , the inventor of the environment and first emperor of the moon , Al Gore ! 
Al Gore : I have ridden the mighty Moon-Worm . 
( APPLAUSE ) 
Fry ( clapping ): Good for him . 
Just found out you can watch Where the Buffalo Roam in its entirety on GoogleVideos 
Outstanding 
" Gasp . Are you God ? " 
" That seems likely . " 
" You know , I was God for a while . " 
" I saw that . You were doing well right up until everyone died . " 
" Kif , I'm headed to the men's room and i'll be needing an attendant , so I -- oh , i'm sorry , you were crying like a woman . " 
" Why don't you make like Siamese twins and SPLIT ... and then one of you die . " -Peter Griffen 
" You are entering the vicinity of an area adjacent to a location . The kind of place where there might be a monster , or some kind of weird mirror . These are just examples ; it could also be something much better . Prepare to enter : The Scary Door . " 
There are no jokes . Truth is the funniest thing of all . 
That was a hard game to watch . Kinda hard to beat a team when you dont bother covering the 3 pt line . And how did this Harrelson kid make it playing basketball ? Talk about being in the wrong sport . 
things just aint the same for gangsters 
The righteous man was beat with many stripes , pipes 
Take in my energy , breathe but all the rest 
Cause the good die young and the hard die best 
