is totally dissapointed had money on a knockout in round 3 
so over summer already i dislike mowing lawns and wish they would invent a self mowing lawn 
SO over not working 
wtf xt down yet again 
need texas holdem buddies 
needs 10k of poker chips 
is thinking of growing his hair and doing a Slash 
when i want to let people know what i am up to i tweet . In all other cases . Facebook it is 
Games are a welcome distration 
Never a Doubt 
mmm magnum gold 
Reminder - TO MY NON-GAME-PLAYING FRIENDS : I play games that may generate a lot of posts . This can be irritating if you don't play . If you don't want to see these , move your cursor over the game message and the word " Hide " will appear . Click on " Hide " for the game name - and not me ! Future messages from that game will be hidden !!! 
Insanity is only a problem for those not there already . 
Thinks santa owes him a 3d tv 
3 , 6 , 9 , the goose drank wine the monkey chewed tobacco on the streetcar line the line broke the monkey got choked they all went to heaven in a little row boat 
listening to John Butler and wondering why cant i sing like that 
searching for that elusive anti-sick pill :( 
dhal soup from denny's ..... Suprisingly good :) 
After 3 days without you i finally have you - oh how i have missed my coffee - never leave me again !!!!!!!!!! 
Dare to live the life you have dreamed for yourself . Go forward and make your dreams come true . -Ralph Waldo Emerson 
I give up 
<- people who don't know him , think he is quiet , people who do know him , wish he was 
confission ..... not a mistype 
macgyver vs chuck norris . Who will win ? 
predators , hmm i wonder if arnie makes a cameo 
Humbleness 
stupid lost finalae . Im even more lost now 
Clear , clean and rebuild 
mmm macas ... upsettingly good 
the light fantastic 
" Remember to keep yourself alive , there is nothing more important than that " Afeni Shakur 
Is going to have something wet , warm , and very tasty ! mmmmmmm coffee ............ What else did you dirty minded people think 
Life's a crazy roller coaster ride , and I'm just along for the ride ... But I know that at the end of the day I'm right where I'm suppose to be ... 
is patiently waiting for life to finish kicking his ass ! 
Gunnery Sergeant Hartman : Are you quitting on me ? Well , are you ? Then quit , you slimy fucking walrus-looking piece of shit ! Get the fuck off of my obstacle ! Get the fuck down off of my obstacle ! NOW ! MOVE IT ! Or I'm going to rip your balls off , so you cannot contaminate the rest of the world ! I will motivate you , Private Pyle , IF IT SHORT-DICKS EVERY CANNIBAL ON THE CONGO ! 
House 
mmm lemsippy goodness 
Spoon !!!!!!! 
Someone needs to invent an Amnesia Pill 
to caffiene or not to caffiene that is the question 
is trying to hold himself together when in all reality has already fallen apart 
A discussion is an exchange of intelligence ; An argument is an exchange of ignorance ! 
to err is human , to forgive , devine 
is wondering why some days you can be totally alive to people and other days its like you don't exist anymore .. the world is a tuff place me thinks :-/ 
The optimist says ' The glass is half full ' . The pessimist says ' The glass is half empty ' . The realist says ' The glass is twice as big as it needs to be ' . 
1st day back as a barista . Wonder if i remember how to stretch milk 
What we see when watching others depends on the purity of the window through which we look . 
The strength of a man isn't measured by how many beers he drinks but by how many beers he buys for you . The strength of a man isn't in the gentle tender whisper of his soft words of affection spoken while holding your hand by candle light on a moonlit evening , wearing a pink shirt and gifting you a cardigan that he had knitted himself- cause that would make him gay . 
my friends , I wish you peace , love and health . Blah , Blah blah ... screw that ! I wish you lots of sex , booze , orgasms and hope you win Lotto :-) 
Go the Redbull 
I know she loves the sunrise , No longer sees it with her sleeping eyes , And I know that when she said she's gonna try , Well it might not work because of other ties and 

I know she usually has some other ties , And I wouldn't want to break ' em , nah , I wouldn't want to break ' em , Maybe she'll help me to untie this but 
Until then well , I'm gonna have to lie to you 
Aw Oh look at the star ... Not me stupid , the one in the sky . :P 
Says .. don't be depressed , just remember this ... no matter how fucked up you think your life is someone else has got it worse ! 
Dear Warner Brothers : Now that I'm an adult , I feel I'm am old enough to hear what the " Beep Beep " is hiding when Road Runner talks to Wile E . Coyote . 
Every experience , no matter how bad it seems , holds within it a blessing of some kind . The goal is to find it . - Buddha 
Go to your profile page and scroll all the waydown 
to the bottom . On the bottom left corner in little blue letters , click " English 
UK " When the language selection appears , click " English Pirate " 
then watch what happens . When you've stopped laughing , pastethis on 
your status to let others know ! :) 
There's a new way to hack your Facebook account . A 
Notification will be sent to you that one of your friends has 
commented on your status , it will open in a new page & tell you 
to re-enter your Facebook username & password . The page looks 
just like the FB login page so Be CAREFUL don't enter your user ID 
& password it will be hacked . Please read & pass it on to 
everyone .. Thanks ! oxo , T 
So you think you can tell Heaven from 
Hell 
blue skies from pain 
Can you tell a green field from a cold steel rail ? 
A smile from a veil ? 
Do you think you can tell ? 
And did they get you to trade your heroes for ghosts ? 
Hot ashes for trees ? 
Hot air for a cool breeze ? 
Cold comfort for change ? 
And did you exchange a walk on part in the war for a lead role in a 
cage ? 
R . I . P Gary Coleman 
If life was ment to be simple it would be signposted 
all right .... who stole my coffee ?? Give it back i NEED it 
has given up on happiness 
Reduce Reuse Recycle 
" It's impossible . " said pride . 
" It's risky . " said experience . 
" It's pointless . " said reason . 
" Give it a try . " whispered the heart . 
i loathe the frost . Love the snow 
Be who you want to be ! You are always going to be hated and loved by equal amounts so you may as well live according to your expectations 
You have been given 278 weapon parts for the changes made to the weapon 
shop . 
" Oh , squiggly line in my eye fluid . I see you lurking there on the periphery of my vision . But when I try to look at you , you scurry away . Are you shy , squiggly line ? Why only when I ignore you , do you return to the center of my eye ? Oh , squiggly line , it's alright , you are forgiven . " — Stewie Griffin 
prince of persia .... Yawn so should have waited to hire , yes hire on dvd 
Police Scanner just reported a drunk naked idiot wearing snow boots , singing free bird , riding a lawn mower down the road ! Where the F *** ARE YOU GOING ? 
i so need a bigger mafia 
fresh powder to the doorstep :) 
Go the Deluxe Cheeseburger 
Alice in Wonderland Container : 
MKV | Video Stream : x264 | Audio Stream : AAC | Resolution : 1280 X 720 | 
Size : 700 MB i love Matroska 
When we remember we are all mad , the mysteries 
disappear and life stands explained . - Mark Twain 
Never make the same mistake twice , 
There are so many new ones , 
Try a different one each day . 
woop woop mafia wars just credited me 60points and fixed my account so now bangkok works 
Brutal Honesty . is that too much to ask for ? 
Facebook gave you 25 free CreditsYou received 25 free Facebook Credits ( a $2.50 USD value ) . Use them to buy premium items in Many games on Facebook . Go play ! MINT 
watching napoleon dynamite 
Vote Pedro 
lazy day planned :) 
R.I.P. Dennis Hopper 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes peoples :) 
is looking for his marbles , can you give me a call when you find them please , they could be anywhere 
To design or not to design that is the question for today 
Rodeo 
beer , food nd fireworks :) 
I want to see John Butler Trio perform at the itunes Live Concert 
mmm new chch wendys 
If you and I woke up in jail together . Using only FOUR words , what would you say to me ? ( NOTE : if you comment you have to paste and copy this ; put this in your status . Fair is fair ; play along ! ) DARE YOU ALL !!! 
Sorry everyone , I'm not super superstitious , but this year October has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is money bags . So Copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one who does not copy , ......... will be without money . I ... ca ... nnot let t ... hat person be ... me . ... Copy within 11 min . See More3 hours ago · 
VIP for Nitro Circus >.< 
I feel a night of youtube and Nate 
Otp 
Please put this on your status If you know someone , are related to , and adore someone who has ASD , PDD , ADHD , ADD , Autism or Aspergers . These misunderstood , so called " trouble maker " kids just want to be treated like everyone else and can't speak out . But we can raise awareness . 93% won't copy and paste this , so lets , see who the 7% are that will stand up for them 
