I wish I wasn't so hopeless in talking to the person i like :( 
Las Vegas was so musch fun , I wish I could stay longer ! Stupid summer school .... 
is working on my grandma's online driving class ... ugh ... 
both of my knuckles have tons of split open blisters from boxing today and it hurts so much that i can't even put water on them !! :( 
But it was really fun punching the crap out of the punching bag though :D 
when 
my sister watched the trailer for inception , she said the most funniest 
thing when she heard the main theme song , " that should be your world 
domination song ! " lol , she knows me too well !! 
Even though it's the first day of school , i already hate it . it's just too much for my mental stability to handle 
The Girl in the Mirror was really good ! I loved it alot ! 
I finally grew an inch after being the same height since freshman year !!! I'm so happy !!! XD 
alright , who answered on 21 questions that i cried on the Titanic movie !?! very , very wrong ... 
" One morning , I shot an elephant in my pajamas . 
... How he got into my pajamas , I'll never know . " 

Such a hilarious quote !!! XD 
Black = Ihate you . Pink = I like you . Purple = I would date you . Blue = I 
did love you . Red = I do love you . Orange = I like talking to you . White = I 
really care about you . Silver = We're close .... Green = You're sexy . 
Yellow = I couldn't live without you . Clear = Friends . Grey = We're best 
......... friends ... * Set this as your status and see what colors you get 
back ;)) 
I finished my US history poster at 9:30 , it's the earliest i've ever finished a project !!! 
Watched the Birdcage movie yesterday ... Jacqueline Marianes's first rated R movie ! It's one of the most funniest movie I've ever seen !!! 
my brother and Morgan are coming to my house today ! yay ! 
STUPID SUMMER !!!!!!!! IT'S SSSOOO HOT OUTSIDE !!!!! i wish it was winter ... sob 
did anyone hear the thunder or even see the lightning at 5 pm ? it was awesome !!! :D 
why do people make fun of emo people ? they're just hurting inside and way too many people do not understand how much they are suffering inside ( well , some of them are though ) . 
my mom gave me and my sister nicknames that suits us ! my sister is chaos and i'm mayhem , lol , i love it !!! :D 
i FINALLY saw Inception today ! It was the best movie EVER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D 
at 10 p.m. , I hear my next door neighbors yelling at each about depression for a half an hour because one of the daughters was having problems with or something and it was interesting to listen too , but WHO IN THE HECK YELLS AT EACH OTHER ABOUT MENTAL PROBLEMS AT 10 O'CLOCK AT NIGHT !!!!! 
Why is having a romantic relationship with someone better than having friends ? i never really understood why ... but suggestions anyone ? 
" You better check yourself before you wreck yourself " 
does anyone know what's going to be on Hessom's benchmark ? he didn't really tell us in my period . 
