Yes Horns , Hook ' em ! Hook ' em Good ! muu ha muu ha ha muu ha ha ha ha ha ! 
Ha ha ! me too ... flesh colored . lol figures 
There is not a box big enough to contain my curiousity ! 
Golly there's babies everywhere ! Its as cute as it is crazy ! HMMM same timing ... must have been something in the air or water ... perhaps the cycle of the moon !?! 
Gee have to say , that " Answering Questions About Your Friends " game is too crazy for me ! " Thanks , but no thanks ! 
Rah Rah Roo Yippy Yay Yippy Yay GRRRR GRRRR RA RA GRRRRRRRRRRRR !!!!!! Go Saints ! 
Love how as you add more to your info , it starts to look as though you are a rambling fool !!! Fun Fun Ra Ra Roo Yippy Yay Yippy Yay ! ;-) 
Going do a CEU class at TLC on Burnet in Austin ... parking .... Aaaaahhhhhhhh ! Done at 5pm Maybe I can get drop the info at work before they all leave !?! 
is feeling nastalgic for the days of going to walmart dressed in full costume ( blood , torn skin , or whatever it was we played at the time ) after " Final Exit " aka " Hellhouse " . The responses/looks were to die for !!!! 
Going to work from 4pm-10pm ... grind grind grind away ! 
Going to the laundry mat ... HEB here I come ! GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR 
Oh I love it ! " How its made " marathon on science channel !!!! 
" I'm thinking about my doorbell , when ya gonna ring it wheeeen ya gonna ring it ? " lol 
AAAAAHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!! Hick-ups !!!!!!!!!! ARRRRRRGG !!!! 
I wish for all to live free and wiggle their @$$ ! 
Soooooooooooooooooooo depressed !!! I will miss my friend !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :-(( 
Ashley now down to 130lbs and dropping ! Yay !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Hard to believe I was like 167lbs at one point ... still taking forever ... lots of plateuing on this journey to better myself , but I will make it no matter what comes my way ! No bulgy veins , too ripped to move without sqeaking look though thats just SICKO !!!!!!!! 
It's movie line week here on Facebook . Copy and paste this to your status . In your comment box , type your favorite line from a movie and see how many people know the movie title ! Don't forget to comment on your friends ' movie lines too 
Feels a few looney toons short of a merry melody ! 
It's " Show the love " week on Facebook . Only copy and paste this and put it as your own status if you don't hate me . If you don't copy and paste this , it means you hate me . I probably hate you , but isn't Facebook the place to post things that you mildly care about but can't really do anything in person so you copy an ... d paste things to make yourself feel good about something you can't change ??? 
Arrrrrrrrrggggggggggg !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Someone got into plastic ! Hmmm who could it be ? * sarcasm * Oh Lois kitty so crazy ! 
" If only " ' s suck ! 
Hey Everyone I would like ya'll to meet someone I met today ! 
Fung-Laven !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
OMG found some more cool apps ... for all those app lovers out there ! 
Ah hah ! Take that you wascally clothes you ! Victory is mine ! 
Ahhhhhh ! still clothes EVERYWHERE ! I keep folding and this pile keeps growing ... wtf am i doing wrong !?! It must be the cousin of the sock thief or something ! 
So coffee machine ... we battle again ! Oh how I loath thee !!!!!!!!! 
It is better to remain silent when your life is not COMPLETELY your own yet !!!!! 
Leaving this coming weekend . Going to Louisiana to visit the peeps and take nature pics by the water's edge while staying in a lake-house ... w/ a dock ( thanks Linda Chevallier nda , my beloved Mom2 ) . Yay ! Peace and quiet ... No sirens ! lol 
Wow ! There's money in them there pockets ! Whoo hoo ! For money we forgot we had ! 
is aiming for RTF internship in Los Angeles ... taking forever to get there !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
oh dang it just removed my status ... I am sooo not awake ! 
Brain : Do you what tomorrow is , Pinky ? Pinky : Uh , yeah right right it is the day they let us eat all the cheese we want day !?! Brain : No . Pinky : Uh , gah Brain I dont know huh ha ha ZORF , but what are we going to do today ? Brain : Huff , no you bafoon , tomorrow we rule the universe ... And today we do the same thing we do every day Pinky ... TRY TO TAKE OVER THE WORLD ! Pinky : Oh Brain , kee heehee ha ha ha ha eh NARRRRF ! 
wants to go skating !!!!!! 
Go to UrbanDictionary.com, type in your first name copy/paste this as your status and the definition as your first comment : 
misses the Guadelupe River 
La giggity giggity GOO ! 
" I would rather that my lyre be out of tune and that the greater part of mankind should dissent from me and contradict me , than that I should be out of tune within my own single self . " - Socrates 
is doing the Snoopy Happy Dance right now ! 
needs a scooby-snack to first , get through the last little bit of homework , but second and mostly to get through the rest of the day !... the apartment is a ghost town so after homework and cleaning ... * Soon to be BORED * 
says to the 2010 Census , " Looking good barcode ! " 
Yay to being home again ... oh but I had fun ... ;-) 
... thinking about recycling an old saying as a new slogan for the dildo company ... " If you build it ... they will cum " He he he he he ! 
Random comment of the day : Old man lingering outside of HEB says to me , " Ima gonna use my viagra to pay MY bills ... I might be 70+ , but I am not like the " ones " in the ol ' homes yet hun ! " My response , " Lol wow , well what do we call that ?... Bigolo " Ol ' Man " Gigolo ??? " Oh HEB , how paculiarly entertaining are thee ! 
I am sooooooo hungry and home alone with no transportation ..... AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!! Suggestions ??? Where is the food fairy when you need her !!!!!!!!!!!! 
is wondering , did you ever notice when you put the 2 words ' The ' and ' IRS ' together it spells ' Theirs . ' ??? 
is mourning the passing of Saturday & Sunday . * pours out a bit of coffee * " I enjoyed the times we had . You'll be sorely missed . " * Glances at Monday . * * Monday stares back . * " Awkward . " 
has her thoughts on North and South Korea right now ... if you do not know what I am talking about ... check out ANY news source . 
... wonders if anyone has a kit kat !?! I need a break !!!!!!! 
says to all mateys , " On your homepages , look to the Bottom Left of the screen where it says , " English ( US ) " and click on it . When the menu comes up , select " English ( Pirate ) " and join in on the fun . Now check out your facebook ... pretty cool huh :-) 
We must forgive and watch out for the ignorantly narrow minded , high horse-ing individuals in this world ... for they know not what they do ! 
is out in the DSA area ( on-campus ) for those fellow DSA'ers who have nothing to do right now ... the time is 10:33 am * Looking to chill * 
... life gave me lemons . Tried to make lemonade . Cut my finger with the knife , got juice in my eye , sugar spilled and broke the pitcher - F*in lemons !!! You may have won this battle , but the war IS SOOOOO NOT OVER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ;-) 
" Certainty of death , not likely to succeed ! What are we waiting for ? " * in character * 
is thinking brunch ... but where ???? 
is buckling down today -- focus is everything ! Basically , once you figure out what comes next , all it comes down to is forcing yourself to do 
whatever it takes to get to the finish line . 
Is wondering do people that have ridden through life on a donkey , suddenly think they are riding on such a high horse , and furthermore realize how long of a fall that is ? And Oh the fake pocket on my pants , what purpose do you serve other than pissing me off every time I try to put something in you ? Ok off to the laundry-mat ... wish me luck !!!!! 
Children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure & it's not contageous . They only want what we all want , to be accepted . It's Special Education week , and this is in honor of all the kids ... who need a little extra help and understanding . I do not have to have kids to be understanding , encourage , and love them ! Do you ??? 
Telemarketer for rug cleaning called , I responded : " Can you get out blood ? Can you get out goat blood ? How about human blood ? " 
I have found my HAPPY PLACE ... spending time by myself & left alone ! I have found my HAPPY THOUGHTS ... Thinking that people who wrong me are amusing & ignorant ! 
Oh yeah take that you dirty kitchen ! Now its off to Starbucks to reward myself ! 
They say freak , 

When you're singled out , 
The red , well it filters through . 
So lay down , the threat is real , 
When his sight goes red again . 
Seeing red again , 
Seeing red again . 
This change , he won't contain , 
Slip away , to clear your mind . 
When asked , who made it show , 
The truth , he gives in to most . 
Dang it I can not believe I went to the wrong place to vote !!! Ahhhhhhh !!!! This is what happens when you early vote one year and not the next ... you ... uh .. mainly ( I ) , tend to forget where my real location is !!! Grrrr !!! 
Go ahead and drop me like a hot potato ... obviously too hot for you to handle in first place ! Edit your friend list now or forever hold your peace ... I guess . ;) 
Went kareokeeing ... first time ever ... loved it ! Ego's , I will be back to your warm-welcoming enviroment ! 
Going finish cleaning ! Errrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr !!!!!!!!!! 
" I would rather that my lyre be out of tune 
and that the greater part of mankind should dissent from me and 
contradict me , than that I should be out of tune within my own single 
self . " - Socrates 
Kinda ... sort of ... in a way , but not really !?! 
... Yeah , but I'm taller than you on the inside ! 
on my way to Kerby Lane !!!!! 
Black Swan was a good movie ... if you like psychological thrillers ! 
Oh Magalina Pagalina Moonshiner-rhinodiner Oka-poka-loka was ' er name - For a Dear friend , Angie , here's to making you smile ! ;~) 
The thought manifests as the word . The word manifests as the deed . The deed develops into habit . And the habit hardens into character - Buddha 
is just about done with everything , but believes a detour to Kerby Lane for breakfast and coffee is a well deserved break ! See you there ... 
I wish Heaven had a phone so I could hear ur voice again . I thought of U today , but that is nothing new . I thought about U yesterday , and days before that too . I think of U in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories & a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , from which I'll never part . God has ... you in his arms , I have you in my heart . Re-post if you have someone in Heaven ! 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a 
man wishing he could talk softly in her ear ... While you HUMILIATE , 
OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her 
how wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing 
he could make love to her . While you make your women CRY there's a man 
stealing smiles from her . Post this on your wall if you're against 
Domestic Violence ? 
Sad day on campus ... send your thoughts , prayers , or whatever it is you do please it is all welcome at such a time . Thanks 
says , " I want to be loved/wanted for who I am , NOT because of or for what I am not ! ; though this is usually a compliment , you owe it to yourself and to me , not to settle for me in this light ... thank you " 
REALLY !?!?! REALLY !?!?! CAN NOT FIND AN F'N JELLY-ROLL ANYWHERE IN AUSTIN !?!?!?!?!!?!?!?!?!!!!!! AHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
" Be your own flying saucer , save yourself " 
Off to to my first class .... Coffeeeeeee !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Ahhhhhhhhhh ! Just great ..... my i-pod is completely frozen up ... WTF !?! 
Some new quotes I am adding to my favs : 
1 . " It is easier to build strong children than to repair broken men " - 
Muhammad Ali 
Thanks to all for the Birthday wishes ! 
is trying to get to DeRidder , La ASAP ... I need a car dang it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I have an i-phone I have an i-phone ! * excited * 
I will be out of town for a bit see all ya'll crazy people when I get back 
Just for the record , I would prefer having a gun ( Licensed and all ) , on my person on campus to protect myself . After all we hear how well the authorities took control of the situation , but come on he took care of himself ( the Shooter ) . Fox news once again frames it the way they want it by interviewing only students who support the ban ... so do you hear all viewpoints and concerns for safety ... uh NO ! 
just finished " Little X : Growing Up in the Nation of Islam " Great book ! 
I finally got to see my youngest sister after being separated for 16yrs ... wow everyone has kids but me . I have 3 younger sisters and 6 nieces and nephews ! Where is the time going !?! * Extremely Excited * 
Good Mernin ' er'body!!!!!!! 
Assume - ( Ass-ume ) - to be an ass . 
IS SO GLAD MY EXAM TODAY WAS DELAYED 
It's CHRISTmas ....... not X-mas !!! Don't remove Christ from HIS birthday ! Post this if you agree . Please don't X out the Lord !!! I want to see this on everyone's wall . 
K I am re-posting this in agreement Chris , however I also ask that we acknowledge that DEC 25 is not Christ's birthday . 
Going in to do an exam ... wish me luck ! * feeling confident * 
Good morning everybody ... apt to my self for a day or so ... time to read read read !!! 
is awake and packing ... ugh ... not again ! 
Taking my last final at 7pm ... so glad this will be over soon ! Looking forward to leaving this week for Louisiana !!! 
Continued Still more quotes : 
3 . “A sincere repenter of faults is like him who hath committed none . ” 
-Muhammad the Prophet 
4 . “He is not a perfect performer of the duties of relationship who 
doeth good to his relatives as they do good to him . He is perfect who 
doeth good to his relatives when they do not do good to him . ” -Muhammad the Prophet 
Aw man ! I have not been able to experience the Trail of Lights here in Austin yet and probably wont get to if they cut it from the city buget . Is somebody raising hell yet and if not who wants to shout ?! Somebody please tell me if I will not be missing something cool here ! 
thinks it is sooo nice to finally relax ... knowing that I have been sucessful in raising my GPA this semester and am as of now back on ' Good Standing ' . Social sacrifice has been worth-it ! 
OMG ! The NERVE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! An immediate editing of friends ! NOT cool ... SO NOT cool !!!!!!!!! 
About to leave for Toledo Bend ! Then its back to Austin , Tx ! If I did not catch ya this time round let me know and I will try heading your way the next time I get a chance . Good night everybody ! Hope all has had a wonderful year and here's to next year ! 
is in Grand Lake , La now ... more visiting ! :) 
loves all of you reading this right now ! 
Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr !!!!!!!!!! 
Some new quotes Continued : 
2 . “Whoever desireth the world and its riches , in a lawful manner , in 
order to withold himself from begging , and for a livelihood for his 
family , and for being kind to his neighbor , will come to God with his 
face bright as the full moon on the fourteenth night of the lunar 
month . ” -Muhammad the Prophet 
Well back to wearing my leather jacket ! As temperature drops I reminiscence ... 
Merry Christmas E'r Body !!!!!!!!!!! 
I'm done ... no more finals till next semester ! Hoahl-right ! Giggity ... 
Did my good deed today ! The eyes of the car burglar met mine . He try's to look natural , but I scream " I saw you . I know exactly what you look like ! " And he almost gets hit by a car as he darts off across the street , but he gets away because someone was parked down the way waiting for him ... the tires screach and I could not get the friggin plate number ! 
is about to watch " The Devil's Rejects " ... Unrated ! Wish me fear ! 
says , " I hate when my favorite classes have cancellations ! However now I can use this time to make up my Exam . These rapids are cold , dark , and harsh ; but I feel I am as the worker of the coal of my own soul as I am chip away my dark course outer layer finding inside a diamond of value ! " 
I have gone to look for myself . If I get back before I return ... please tell me to wait ! 
... frustrated ... worried ! If anyone in DeRidder , La can get a phone number that I can reach someone who can reach my Aunt Donna-Gail ( Cooley/Townsley ) concerning my mom J . Renell ( Sigler/Townsley ) ... I would be ever grateful ! I lost my phone which means ALL my numbers ... * Desperate * 
Now off to Toledo Bend ! 
Ok going watch TV till I fall asleep ... have a great night er'body! 
Weather in Austin , Tx is feeling great today ! Boutsta get some sun ... and its not too hot awesome ! 
When your trying so hard to be normal , you wont know how extraordinary you are !... Well said , Ellen . 
ponders , " Apparently I do not like it anywhere ! " 
Yay ! Common sense gives rise to a snow day ! 
" Who-do . voodoo . what you dont dare to people " ! or in my case ' what I dont have time to and cant afford to ' lol Congrats to all who get to go to Voodoo Fest ... * jealous * 
Cant wait for SXSW ! Gonna be a BLAST ! Especially with an ALL-inclusive business package . They can not keep me out of ANYTHING from the Music ( tons of stages/bands ) and Film parts all the way to the Interactive parts of meeting others in the business and checking out new gear for our own studio ! So STOKED ! Austin is where its at people ! Thanks to those who are making this possible . 
OMG America's Test Kitchen ... live on KLRU right now ... I'm in heaven !!!!! 
Happy NewYear ! :-) 
going to Toledo Bend camp yay happy turkey day everyone ... see ya'll when I get back ! 
Back to school back to school back to school ... 
Back home ! Hope everyone had a wonderful break and turkey day ! 
wow feeling so wired now ... How am I going to sleep after that ... great movie ! ahhhhhh whoally showsers 
Another day of class is at the end ... phrases . Now to get out of this cold , bus don't fail me now .... buuuuuuur 
just because you find me wondering aimlessly , does not mean I am lost ... ok 
Please for the love of God ... lets record some drums to our album ... waaaaaiiiitttting ... * anxious * 
Lake Charles keeps looking smaller and smaller every time I get back here ! lol 
" Watt's a beiber !?! " - Ozzy 
I find myself between ' The Stranger ' and ' The Fall ' #Good Books To Read 
is off to DeRidder now ... no phone and no internet so if you have not contacted me on here with-in 1 1/2hr then you will not be able to 
Where are my keys ..... ahhhhhhhhhhhhh !!!!!!!! Can't fn believe I have lost my fn keys on the coldest fn day ..... oh did I mention ... it's fn cold out here gaaaalllllllyjeeeeeeewiiiiiz !!!!! 
is going to be playing the new CoD on Xbox tonight !!!!! * so excited * 
Good night Gracy 
I do not think UT should make students drive to the university in this weather ! The news says PLEASE DONT DRIVE unless you have to and drive slow .... well that sounds theoretically nice , but Ice is ice and people are people ( speeding , playing in streets , etc ) Crazy if they do ... alot of accidents over 100 by midnight ! 
Coffee ... I am getting some , but none yet ... mean people be ye warned ! 
PLEASE put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower , armed with fire extinguishers , and the remaining 1% are awesome and will re-post this 
Sunday-gonna make a fricassee , rice for the juices . Should I do some sort of bread this time or crackers because they are faster . Ooooo no .. Homemade biscuits ! Yes ! Now off to the kitchen for an inventory check .... 
The bank robbers are probably out in full force today .... they can blend in better today lol bahahabaha 
lets see . 2-Electrical power plants with no sense to leave the water dripping when there is a high freeze warning + the Super Bowl - the amount of energy it takes to run residents homes , smaller businesses , AND the Super Bowl = Rolling blackouts ;) lol 
Have fun Jared , but know I plan on taking full advantage of being home alone he he he he he ;) lol ..... oh yeah dang it I got homework for class ... already ! 
WIPEOUT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Go Big Balls ! 
JubilantGravy 
There are significant conceptual and institutional differences between these regime types , although in terms of the history of state/society relations some of the differences have been more apparent than real . 
I can breathe now ... phewwwwww ! 
For those who can see this status ... Well for my birthday I have decided I am going first to the Catfish Parlour ( South Austin ) . Second , going to the movies Cinemark Tinseltown 17 South Austin to see a psychological thriller titled " Black Swan " at 6:20 it starts . Come if you want come if you can but I expect nothing at such a last minute stand and to all of you have a great day ! :) 
dirty martin's here I come 
LMAO ! 
" Some days you da ' windsheild and some days you da ' Fn ' Bug ! " - Sonny Rose 
Slam slam , oh hot damn What part of party don't you understand , Wish you'd just freak out ... ( freak out already ) . Can't stop , coming in hot , I should be locked up right on the spot ... It's so on right now ( so fuckin on right now ) 
Party Crasher , Penny Snatcher , Call me up if you want gangsta Don't be fancy , just get dancey ... Why so serious ? 
brushfires 
just want some fun ... k ?... ok , go ! 
Laissez les bon temps rouler !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ~ Giggity , giggity , goo ! DO NOT FORGET TO TIP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Starbucks here I come ! Dry over-read eyes calls for a break and hot wet coffee ... 
I hope you dance 
Stay just a little bit longer We want to play just little bit looonger - who can resist this song ... not me love it ! 
SXSW-from film to music , here I come ... look out Austin ! Wow this next week is going to be soooooo busy , but I get to stay in a hotel int the middle of everything ! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh so stoked ! 
Just picked up my platinum badge ! 
Platinum badge is worth it ... can you say " open bars " ! 
Is downtown lunch anyone ? 
Omg who knew private parties downtown are the bomb !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Having a fn blast right now !!!!!!!!!!!! 
ONLY AN AUNT can love like a mommy , keep secrets like a sister , and behave like a friend ... If you're an aunt that LOVES your NIECES and NEPHEWS , post this to your status !! ? I LOVE YOU ALL !!!! 
Come on red river bus I need to get down town I must I must ! Anyone else gonna be downtown tonight ? Got my number , call me and lets meet up ! All abooooooaaarrd ! :) 
Neon Trees kicked major ass ! What a great performance ! 
Rock , Pop , and Doo Wop ! Oh yeah , the best ! 
Why am I still awake !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!? 
Ok full moon ... lets dance ! Hope its clear enough for pics ... wish me luck , adventures in the night to kill insomniac boredom but purely for fun ! 
At laundry mat ... wishing I had a washer and dryer of my own ... + who says women can't fantasize lol 
Now Off to the lab for some credit and a bit o fun 
Blueberry 
Can it be ? Might I actually be tired and sleepy at a descent time , but must be ironically when I am studying ... ugh 
Sinuses ! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Blueberry !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Lost plus traffic ... great just fn great 
having burritos for this evening ... off to the kitchen ! 
going to the roof gonna take me some pictures , of the universe and some of its nifty lil ' niches ... jk ... but seriously , I'm excited ... ON THE ROOF BABY ! lol cheap fun 
Freedom we are all cursed with it . Why try to tame such beautiful wildfires all the time ? Even the most successful fruitful fields need to be completely burned and put to peaceful rest now and again . It is , after all , this balance that produces diverse beauty . 
Wish me luck on this GEO-science test on Climate past present AND future ! ANd I thought this looked like a nice narrow topic ( easier ) ... hah , I should know better by now ... when am I gonna learn ? - Piece o ' cake ! ;) 
Groovy #mood 
is on a Deep Purple kick ... this sh-t JAMS ! How could I have forgotten ! 
Anyone else miss Bob Ross and his entertaining joy of painting or is that just me ? You know " let's put a happy tree or two ... or three .... or put as many as you like . I can't because the crew might get mad at me ... only got so much time so , well put em in there like that there we go . Ain't that something " ; I love it , everything so happy and free ! 
Had 2 repost : It has been said that everlasting friends go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . These friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live , and they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy and you will ALWAYS love them . Re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends . They will know who they are . 
Comfort zones are like umbrellas , they are great when its raining , but can block you from much needed sunshine if you don't venture out from time to time . ~ Me 
OMG awesome ! I am staring at a tarranchella how ever you spell that .... big spider . Posting pics in a sec . You just never see these in this area ... UT campus that is 
will be in Louisiana this summer and while there demands to see all the babies ... period . I am getting behind or all of ya'll are too fast ! lol I mean as it is I dont think the ones I have met even remember my name its been so long . The love is coming ! :) 
is looking for an efficiency apartment ... anyone know of any that are cheap ? They are like searching for needles in a hay stack .... jeez #goingnuts 
Fortune says " You are exploring new ideas , whether you like or not . Things might seem to be somewhat beyond you , but your big brain can absorb what it needs before things start to change in a big way . " 
I'm your huckleberry 
Good morning people , Oh TGIF ! 
is watching " Americas Test Kitchen " right now ... #theshowsyoulike 
turn to klru , " Primal Grill " with Steven Raichlen is on ... salivating already ! 
Happy Easter Er'body!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I'm listening to " Lightning Crashes " by Live http://bit.ly/hNbP3b 
I'm listening to " I Will Buy You A New Life " by Everclear http://bit.ly/dZjKe5 
I'm listening to " Gel " by Collective Soul ... jammin now ! http://bit.ly/gOIltr 
I'm listening to " Selling the Drama " by Live http://bit.ly/dS9a18 
I'm listening to " Sex Type Thing " by Stone Temple Pilots http://bit.ly/gTwrFj 
I'm listening to " Sitting , Waiting , Wishing " by Jack Johnson http://bit.ly/gx8bYS 
I'm listening to " Better Together " by Jack Johnson http://bit.ly/hr45hE 
I'm listening to " Wicked Garden " by Stone Temple Pilots http://bit.ly/ejeGbr 
I'm listening to " Snow (( Hey Oh )) " by Red Hot Chili Peppers http://bit.ly/hwfoib 
I'm listening to " I'm Just Me " by Charley Pride http://bit.ly/i6cBWa 
I'm listening to " The Devil Went Down to Georgia " by The Charlie Daniels Band .... I LOVE DANCING TO THIS SONG ! http://bit.ly/grVOoI 
" I Think I'll Just Stay Here And Drink " by Merle Haggard http://bit.ly/eTIW3X 
I'm listening to " Personal Jesus " by Johnny Cash http://bit.ly/eMoOIs 
I'm listening to " Subterranean Homesick Blues " by Bob Dylan http://bit.ly/dVvRfX 
I'm listening to " Act Naturally " by Buck Owens http://bit.ly/dOdwIZ 
I'm listening to " Like a Rolling Stone " by Bob Dylan http://bit.ly/fy4voR 
I'm listening to " Ain't No Sunshine " by Bill Withers http://bit.ly/enPkBp 
I'm listening to " Highwayman " by The Highwaymen http://bit.ly/g4cp3D 
I'm listening to " King of the Road " by Roger Miller http://bit.ly/e0yGBd 
I'm listening to " Fortunate Son " by Creedence Clearwater Revival http://bit.ly/i1Q4i2 
I'm listening to " Black Rose " by Billy Joe Shaver http://bit.ly/ew6DJu 
I'm listening to " The Times They Are A-Changin '" by Bob Dylan http://bit.ly/ggXhzw 
when i get the blues ... " Get Rhythm " by Johnny Cash http://bit.ly/fNCES2 
I'm listening to the fast version of " Tangled Up in Blue " by Bob Dylan #fastlovin http://bit.ly/hd5geF 
I'm listening to " Rest Your Love On Me " by Conway Twitty ... love it http://bit.ly/gDrXmt 
Interesting fact for the day : Estrogen in the males brain is responsible for facilitating male behavior . 
I do this not for that I remember , but for that I often forget ~ Me 
I need to get some money and figure out where I want to go ... my passport will expire by 2005 . Hope they do not make it harder to one . Check out link below 
Oh brb I have to get another photo of snow !!!! 
Dang I will probably miss Sherwood Forest Ren Fest ....... Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !!!!!!!!!!!!! Working hard now to have a great life later ... I guess * sarcasm * 
Watchin me some Forrest Gump and lovin it !!! 
Yay !!!!!!!! Alien coming on cable ... un-cut ... huuuuuuh , and no comercials ... mmm ... nice . Sooooo taking a break from charmed for this ! :-) 
One this first day of MY weekend ( ha in a manner of speaking ) , starting right now with disc 1 from season 1 ... I am watching charmed and will see how many I can get through before having to go back to work Friday . 
