woo-hoo i got the laptop for the night :) 
:P i am board but listening to some good music :) :P tomorrow should be better 
ronin i am for i have no one but myself 
feels like a duck in this trench coat weather , hell gain 2 pounds in water wight lol 
slayer makes the time to by so quick :) metal makes me happy 
what female should i go after , hmm ? ones very flighty the next one is very fun and the last one is one i've know sense forever but she dose not realize i got a crush on her hmm ? who they are is for me to know and others to find out hahaha these next few w 
I am finely in MT and cant wait till monday this week should be fun and interesting woo-hoo metal and book work fun . just trying to servive CT for another night 
hopefully going to the fair tonight with any luck and idk just chilling later . hmm realized rhode island is to dam small i keep running into people i know argh 
sad a friend leaving the state again over stupid shit i miss them all ready hope that are safe and stay out of trouble 
long week the fair was ok . i think people are going crazier then normal who knows , and relatives are driving me up walls 
board but at lest i got music going to my ears drums :) 
happy that some of my old friends are ok and are alive and well 
missing my old friends and so much more and feel like crap 
Dam it vacations almost over :( i want to have fun this coming weekend 
enjoying MT the cnc machine is fun and ankrom is not that bad i am just waiting for the the other machines to get fixed :{ 
just wondring whats going to happen this weekend and this coming week . thinking about going to kp next week who will i run in to ??? i tried of racking my brain over some people argh 
missing people form my past old friends and so much more i feel like crap . i wish i knew who was my friends and who's my foes the line has become blurred to me wtf this screws with my mind 
i am the King of Mars and I am on the hunt 
when to see saw6 last nite gross . long week long day and i miss old friends 
long day long week long month oh happy hallween , i hate stupid people . whent to NE tech yesterday for a tour it was fun cant wait till next week 
rough few weeks and going crazy oh i am angry again 
i am happy for all my friends that are gradutaing to day and i hope they vist more often lol hope they do well . i am still on the hunt 
oh what fucked up people i know . oh the joys of being me , this is going to be a loooong weekend oh my . just have to survie till monday wooo hooo :) 
rough week , mucanx is my friend :) cant wait to get back to jc more things to do then there at home here got to make some cheesecake for people beownies , and the normal things also 
soul cailber 3 its like crack but better lol board 
got make some cheese cake and browries long week :( 
like me hate me i am who i am 
i need to find a place to stay in prov tommarow nite let me know if you can help thanks 
long week sleep goooood dam rain cant wait till sunday 
here is the joker and the thief , i stand alone because i think and i see with eyes of watchful its been a year and a day since ive contaomplate on life with so much zeal i wise consul about my problems maybe i will find what i am looking for under the full moonlight 
:) good times :P 
doa2 and gauntlet fun times a head hope to pass out at 2 in the morning lol 
COPY THIS INTO YOUR STATUS AND SEE HOW PEOPLE RATE YOU !!! 1 . Nuts . 2 . I'd Marry You . 3 . Talkative . 4 . Sarcastic . 5 . Smart . 6 . Moody . 7 . Dumb . 8 . Spoiled . 9 . Mouthy . 10 . Random . 11 . Hot . 12 . Funny . 13 . Fit . 14 . Amazing . 15 . Tough . 16 . Cute . 17 . Bf/Gf Type . 18 . The Best . 19 . Freak . 20 . Quiet . 21 . Sexy 
got done with the academic Olympics in jersey and got 5th place out of 7 oh well fun and so much more . get back home tomarrow and going to the fair tomarrow or saturday and sunday who knows woohoo :) 
oh what good times ive had in the last 2 days :) cant wait to get to back up here again in the next few weeks thank you my favortie frend you know who you are hahahaa :) happness is atanable if you let your mind go :) 
long day dumb people whoo hoo just another day in school :( gag me 
the differnce between a friend and a best friend are a friend will help you move , a best friend will help you move a dead body what do people consiter you a friend or a best friend and how many best friends do you have ??? 
haten no internet at school , none at home and i am haten the stupid people i am around most of the wek by , cant wait till i go to another state 
rough few weeks and going crazy 
going crazy and can't wait till i find what i am looking for 
vealentins day is a hoilyday of greed and ignornce , the joys of being single , i do what i have to so i dont feel the slings and arrorows of life espealy in love . i am waiting for the right one but not looking for drama , whatever happens happens i am just try to make my life more fun and share it with a good one but were are they ???? guess i will just spend time with my music and wait for things happen :( :) :P wtf 
metal makes me happy :) 
one bad week and long day crazy is as crazy do , hope next weeks better , tomarrow cheeesecake and brownies to make cant wait 
life is so odd at time i just dont know what to do about it , just got to get threw it , cant wait till next week 
life is suffring ; love , sex , death , volance , choas and dissorder make life interesting . life is to short for the bullshit that other put you throught , live life and move on when others hold you back 
board wtf i cant wait to later 
cant wait till 9 
i cant wait till later i got lots on my mind and yeah waiting for ............................. 
full moon tonight :) 
offline till tuesday i hope monday is not that bad :P i hate having nothing to do on long weekends i hope monday will be fun lol ;) anyway hopefully i can avoid getting my hair cut ........ cant wait to tonight or later :) 
my weekend lost 13 months of grow out , now look like shaggy ; barking dogs an headachs fun with someone i find so great :P can wait to do those things again lol just a up and down weekend lol 
having a really fucked up day i hope later makes it better then how its been going anyway got this wonderful chick on my mind and i dont know how to say the right things to her i always get my foot in my mouth every time well i hope everything comes out right later 
feel like crap cant wait till later and i have too much on my mind fml i miss some one close but they are far away :( 
this is trench coat weather and it blows i would rather get soaked in a better way lol ... anyway i can wait till later :) hopefully it will be a good night :) :) :) 
feeling like crap too much in my head emotions like a rollercoster and my hart in my mouth i hope today ends well i dont want to go to sleep feeling like this roadkill and crap stew 
this weathers for the dam ducks its treanch coat weather cold wet and damp this weather just blows an not in a nice way , i cant wait till later when i am talking to someone thats so fun and smart an makes my days and my nights i miss them 
today has been interesting thanks to some people to say the least anyway had Chinese and got a weird fortune " :) You will inherit some money or a small piece of land . :) " wtf i hope this comes true lol looking forward to later ;) ahh fun times i hope :) :) :) 
i can wait till later :) 
i hope my favorite person feels better after her nap other wise my days been shot to hell and back well i hope later makes up for that :) i cant wait 
board as hell realizing how much i miss her XP my days been draging i cant wait till later hopefully i have some fun then talking on the phone all night :) i just hope she feels better soon :( 
had a very interesting weekend to say the least , i found another person for my shit list an missing my favorite person and just feel like shit i cant wait till later so i can feel better also planning my trip to the wild west me and my future partner in crime lol cant wait 
cant wait till later 
having a very weird and fucked up day i cant wait till later and i hope the weekend gets over with all ready :( XP this weather and crap is for the birds 
zen zen zen i going to try to be zen tonight since i miss my other half going for an all nigher of meditation and metal till like 4 or 5 in the morning cuz of the time change i cant wait till next weekend so i can have some real fun :) i hope i just hope i can make it thought tonight because its going to be a long one well see you all on the other side of the void :) a week to the full moon cant wait :) :) :) :) 
enjoying this comply shity weather :) :) :) 
have a crap day and missing the warmth of the other day 
hahaha just thinking of how much or a cheep shrink i could be and am to others lol i could work for dirt cheep ask about the payment methods if interested quiet and discreet :) just inbox me lol anyway cant wait till later and just hope i can have a better night then i had of a day up till 2am bug me if you know how to get at me :) i have nothing to do besides talk to my favorite person till they go to bed 
missing my favorite person and hoping she feels better soon and cant wait to talk to her :) 
hmm i guess i am not that good for some ??? what hell is wrong with me ??? today blows wtf ..... 
i want to scream and shout but nothing leaves my throat i want tears to flow but just my eyes well , i feel like nothing and i dont think i am good for whatever reason I just feel like crap ..... a big old pile of it thanks honey 
i love her and i want to talk to her but i dont know what to say too her i love and miss her i just dont know what to say i feel like the deer in the head likes when i am thinking about her and she makes me happy most days and i cant get her out my mind , my head my hart and my body all pulled here and there i want to feel full not hollow 
i cant wait till 9 then i should start to feel better :) i miss her :( 
all ready up for an hour and i ready to go till 3am again 
cant wait till later :) and my cell phones dead till next month woohoo lucky me fml well hope tonight i can have a good night 
missing my other half and cant wait till later i miss her and cant wait till i hear her voice :) love you honey :P 
:) cant wait till 9 :) miss and love her 
feeling like crap and i want to feel better i miss her so much it hurts 
i miss her and i love her cant wait till 9 and hopefully tonight will be better then last <3 just can wait to the weekend now 
:) 
i think i saw a ghost from many moons past earlier today and my minds all over the place missing my number one chick and hope she fells better for tomorrow cant wait till then and :) up till 3 so bug me if you know how to get at me :) 
:) doing good going on 4 hours sleep 
my girls starting a porn company 
:) ploting mehhhahaha 
cant wait till later :) i miss ct 
going to be up till 3 woohoo cant wait till later and i hope everyone has a good night tonight i know i will because i be thinking of someone dear to me :) miss her and cant wait to talk to her :) 
i miss her and love her 
missing my sunshine its been a long day :P treanch coat weather and all XP still trying to find paper and and get my gold :( i cant wait till i can find my pot of gold :) oh well back to hunting for that green 
missing my other half :( i cant wait till tomorrow and hopeful not so much rain :( its going to be a long night XP but i had a very thought provoking converstion early made me forgot how crap of a day ive been having :( well i miss her and i love her and i cant wait till i hear her voice :) 
:( missing my favorite person and shes having a rough day and i cant help her that much :( i cant wait to later when i get to talk to her and see whats up in her mind tonight :) i hope she feels better soon well today was good otherwise lots of sunshine and fresh air :) hope tomorrows good too :) 
12 hours ago i got bombed and shocked with bad news :( i hope its just temporary oh i hope it dosent stay so bad i going to read the Diamond and Heart Sutras 
mind over matter everything will be fine if not great be happy be positive :) :) :) its all just a hiccup 
bones bones bones i hate my bones 
cant wait till the full moon :) 
i feel like crap and i cant wait till the weather improves , 38 more days 
420 all the stoners come out of the wood work 
hope i can fine a job soon this job huntings a bitch and i cant waittill later 
cant wait till it gets real warm its going to be cold tonight :( missing my heating pad 
bad night last night and tonight is not looking much better why am i like a clock turned so tight my mechanisms are all screwed up and out of wack 
up till the sun comes up fml why do i do this to myself 
had a better night then last but not by much yahoo for 330 am 
:( the weather sucks happy for my trench coat , cant wait till 7 to talk to a ray of sunshine in my day and trying to stay happy to then but i just XP 
Easter bunny that's whats for dinner tomorrow lol meh haahahha if not steak :) 
experiment of the day trying something different today i going to try not to talk to anyone just for shits n giggles i wont bug anyone but i will only speak if i am spoken to , called , imed , or messaged , i wonder whos the fist one to try make me talk ??? 
i think i can do this whole mute thing on facebook but its whatever i hope tonight is better then last night :) well bug me and i get back to you , message me or call me if you want me :) 
contemplating life , thinking about next month and what i need an how to get what i want and the list goes one ..... I am happy i got at lest one thing in my life that makes me happy :) so at least i have some where to start from :) :) :) :) on to the few things :) 
enjoying the thunder and the lighting i hope this keeps up all might or till at lest 9 
:) rains going to stop by 1am :) 
in the last 11 hours i have had one panic attack , stayed up to 2 woke up at 530 ( 2 1/2 sleep ) and have been thinking about i million fucked up thoughts i dont want to dwell on .. and so on i want to go back to my happy place but its far away right now ; and worst of all i am being doubted for my patience and willingness to go though the bad times in order to get to the good I am willing to commit to something longterm 
not feeling so fucked up as a was earyer this morning :/ i just hope it gets better 
i love her i love her i love her i dont want to lose her she is my sunshine and she makes my world go round i need her in my life like the air in my lungs she makes butter flies grow thrive oh how i love her so I need her like the moon in the sky 
happpy :) :) :) :) hope i can stay like this till next month and beyond 
happy that eveythings going good i hope my things can work out soon too oh give me strength and the will to do what i have to do i need my serenity so i can be completely happy 
confused and worse my mind is not in a bright or happy place , what a void what an abyss and so much more this is not good ..... oh give me the ability to not lose control of myself ........ 
wondering why is it so hard and difficult to get honest answers or civil converstions form people like i cant event get answers form someone i want them from so like i feel like i fucked up yet again , like if you love someone why treat them like a stranger ??? to many unaswered questions 
i wont find the answers i want any time soon but i know i just keep my questions to myself well i better find something new soon 
Still on the hunt and cant wait till next saturday dance till dawn 9 :) 
hide for the night sleeping in tomorrow and I dont care woohoo reading another 400 pages :) bug me if you want to :P 
when to the beach to day did not get a sun burn ??? who knows guess i am a day walker :) woohoo whent to galilee it was nice today in prov for like another hour and back home by 6 what a day hopefully newport tommrow or maybe sk ??? who knows :) 
i got my tips so now i can find a job that serves alcohol woohoo then its off to be a bartendeer :) oh what fun 
9/16/08-5/7/10 R.I.P free at last free at last , out of job corps free to be myself and no more bs now to live life in the big old world , no worries no problems 
tierd ran around the state today portsmith and prov and back home :P this stuff is for the birds 
happy to have gradutated to day and hope everyone else that did to is doing well and are happy also its been a cazy year and change , hope next year will be better lol 
wet and more wet may it rain and my it flow , may the wet go to thouse that need it 
ebb and flow life has rythem , to find and go with do as you want and be happy have the people you want with so you can share the good times and bad an enjoy what unfolds 
confused to say the least 
when will I find order in this sea of choas and discord ??? I am looking I am hunting and I am still not shore if I find what I am looking for , I want to find the other side to my coin :( where is it in this place or in an state ????????????????????????? 
the sun is out the weekend looks good and cant wait till next week :) hope ill have some fun in the next few weeks , hope things work out on this sea of chaos i am on :) 
:P bite me 
as above as below , the things you learn from the arcain what a crazy chart i have ; horoscopes are very intresting indeed 
my cell shit the bed oh joy :( sad pandas and crapy day hope tomorrows better :/ 
still on the hunt for what i am looking for wtf my plans shot to hell and board , people make life difficulte for themself wtf why dont they be happy got some people that care about them wtf 
rain , rain , rain mother nature must think i am a duck , well at lest i wont melt , i hope ; i think i will put aquaman to shame with this wether 
if crazy is as crazy dose then where dose that leave sane ??? 
hopefuly running around the state tomorrow hopefully , 530 is a bitch to get up to :P 
why are people so dam shollow like wtf people are strange they want what they can give to others like its boggling my mind when did shollow become deep ??? 
new year goal yet to think of one ..... hahha 
confused and trying to find my way can wait till sunday no more broadem , hope some people are back to normal soon 
plotting and board , almost saturday :) I wonder if I get bugged by anyone this weekend ??? 
still on the hunt 
6.4 mile walk last night in the misty rain SUCKED the state has horable public transportion fuck my boondock life well my feet will stop hurting by tomorrow i hope portsmith you can get lost there :( yeah long day yesterday :P 
You 
and I wake up in jail together , using only 4 words what would u say to 
me ? ( if u comment u have to copy and paste as ur status , fair is 
fair ... lol ) 
in prov till like 4 chilln at the libary hoping the weekend just get over with tomarrows going to be :P with a chance of crappy oh the joys of turning 21 lol 
HA HA HA HA HA oh what wheels turn inside and out the games will start soon enough 
trying to figure out what to of my birthday next weekened 21 any ideas ??? 
thinking about later and have a few scorpios on my mind i wonder hmmm .......... oh well happy cuse i got metal going in my ears and around my brain no more pop songs lol :P XP 
going crazy and on the hunt but not shore if i will find what i am looking for :( hope to find answers soon :P its day like these i hate , for thouse how know my probelm give a few leads thanks 
:P 
How many of us 
really know everybody on our FB friend list ? Here's a task for you ... I 
want all my FB friends to post how you met me . After you comment , copy 
this to your status . You'll be amazed at the responses you get 
lost in the ozone :( 
trying to figure things out just some people are being durr they dont see the oppertunitys and realize some deals are just what they need oh well 
tierd from runny around prov today well hope every ones doing well 
to some i am the devil but to others i am a saint i do as i please and i try to help those that want my help ; so dose this make me good or bad ??? oh what thoughts that go in my head and out my mouth , oh how life is funny :) 
to all my friends that like alcohal who would like to make and brew your own beer ??? I got idea message me If you want to know more so let me know 
depressing trench coat weather :P XP i hope spring is alot nicer i hope 
thanks guys :) hope you guys have alot of good days and see you around sooner or later thanks for putting up with me 
enjoying the treanch coat weather :) 
tomorrow sould be better ??? who knows 
:P people suck , when will they ever learn ??? oh well cant wait till next week going around provand stuff cant wait 
waiting and thinking all day long oh my at least tomorrow will be more fun 
i had a very very interesting day a year and a day lol wtf hope that i wont have to ever repeat that again yep i hope no one askes lol but i doubt that lol 
hahaha its offical i am a day walker an hour and fourty minutes in the sun yeasterday and i only got a redneck from that hahaha i dont mind the sun :) soon i wont be a pale white boy yahoo i just hope i cools down a bit 
fucking lighting sucks ; pretty but it sucks oh well at least the weather will be better in a few hours 
advice of day play russian rollette with an ak-47 :) and have fun with life lol :) 
oh what shollow water we tread in this dam state . the picking is slim and it hard to find some thing to put your mind at ease oh the horrors of look for some one to make summer fun :P dam boondocks FML 
trying to figure stuff out :( wtf my brains in overload :P this sucks 
real odd day oh may my sanity come back soon the bottom fell out of my day may it wilderness thak the choas and make it into some thing good nature nurtures the hart i hope 
cant wait till thursday 
my town blows 
what a day :P 
people are going crazy or is it me what strange people i have seen today wtf tomorrow prov :) can wait 5am is too soon :P 
great i have some one stuck on my mind well cant wait to talk to them latter and yeah popiness and all i cant think of a better person to talk to all the time with :) 
a very interesting and wonderful day ive been having i just cant wrap my mind around it see why i cant have more days like these 
board out of my mind I hate being stuck in valley when fun stuff is going on :P wtf why dose this always happen to me ??? 
no more snow for now :) 
woohoo found out I am the Black sheep of my family great whats next become rouge or a senater 
sanity sainty sainty where did I leave you this time theis past week sucked and was a big headache argh 
omg water from the sky oh nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo its not thats bad :) its going to be a fun day 
listening to hardstyle and dubstep online fun stuff next figure out how to suffle lol that will be fun 
:P what dull day 
whent to the fair saw 15 20 heads i know oh wat a day , and today just was just :) god i havent laughed so hard in a while , oh how i i miss an old friend and they know who they are i am looking at you nh try harder and i cant wait till you get back down here 
PUT 
THIS AS YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU : 1 = crazy 2 = I'd 
marry you 3 = talkative 4 = sarcastic 5 = I miss you 6 = I'd kiss you7 = 
moody 8 = smart 9 = energetic 10 = spoiled 11 = random 12 = hot 13 = funny 
14 = fit 15 = amazing 16 = tough 17 = cute 18 = beautiful 19 = freak 
20 = I love you . 
its going to be a long night my moms in the hospital and I am going to be so board :( 
I feel like crap its going to be a long day but i am happy that tomorrow i can rest alot more then today 
advice to my scorpio female friends you just have to hook the right one but you got to fish a sea of frogs good luck with that this why I am happy to be lone hell of a lot less hassle :) but do cheer up lives to short :) 
board and waiting to figure out what to do next 
bah bah black sheep of the family I only got to cook for two people woohoo turkeyday sleeping allday afterwards lol offline till saturday got afew books to read bug me if you want 
wird dreams and cloudy thoughts I hope to nights better then last :P 
woohoo tonight 600+page novel and the time change i am going to be having a long night :) and cells working too :) double happiness 
:P what week of hell I had , welcome home ( Sanitarium ) woohoo I am the only sane one in the fam this week :/ 
:) treanch coat weather :P i been having a fun time for this past week :) 
had a good day in a other wise crapy week with the whole death in the family did a lot of traveling and saw lots of intresting sites I was just a bit to cold up in the city :( long day in a long week :( 
:P i cant wait till monday :) hmm tonight staying up till 3am yet again lol :) good times 
recovering form yesterday the bite marks are almost gone :) but my neck is still a little stiff though all and all fun times 
reading gray's anatomy for giggles this should be fun 
this weather is for the birds I am happy I got my treach coat though :) its going to be a long few days 
blah Christmas sucked its cold and I feel like an abominable snowman mmm blood lol i hete being snowed in on the weekends :/ 
its water from the sky get over it , its cold ; weather sucks please stop acting like crazy monkeys thanks , you all suck at this game that is all 
2 to 4 inches of snow tomorrow oh well i cant wait till march 20 spring time bitches 
happy but confused , waiting to start this wild ride and so much more ; I hope I can take my time with this , oh how i want the good times to go on and on i am enjoying myself way to much :) :/ :( :P :) yay the insantity coming back to me :) 
hmm contemplating if i should make some cake or brownies later its been i few months since i was last baking ???? oh wait i have no one to bake things for lol silly me maybe Monday but i doubt that timing works ether haha just my lucky who likes my cooking ?? 
still going crazy so that makes me sane lol for know at least 
hahaha today's been a good day :) i can't wait till tuesday well bug me if you need anything :P 
