im sooooooooo bored !!! 
these quizzes r addicting 
happy thanksgiving ! 
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year !!!!! 
Merry Christmas !! 
would you rather destroy twihards or find waldo ?? 
If Tom Hanks was a boat , he'd be Tom Cruise . 
........ oh right . i never did say yes . forgot about that part , didnt you ? 
:P 
life is like a penis . its short , but it seems so long when it gets hard ;) 
There are 4 things I'm not good at : faces , names , and numbers . 
Believe that person when they show you who they are , not when they tell you what they're about ....... 
Pretty good march 5 , considering it's significance :) 
Peru ...... Boredom . 
HOME finally :) definitely don't mind spending a day in Miami :) 
Eccedentesiast . There are enough people who fake smiles for there to be an actual word for it . 
Matthew vanderender is the best and i loove him 
Im a lesbian and i think matthew vanderende is the fucking best 
Thx Matt :P it's very much appreciated :) 
Would you try a burger with donuts for the bun ?? Only in America would they eat that with a DIET pepsi 
New phone !! Text your name 905 550 6927 
realized : the tooth fairy encourages us to sell our bodies . 
I miss you so much already <3 
2 days left . Cant wait <3 
toniiiight <3 
remember : having the mondays is still better than having crabs . 
Beiber nail polish ? Wtf is wrong with us ? 
in texas , there are no laws . there are only chuck norris ' rules . 
Jonas brothers , then Justin beiber , then Rebecca black . 2012 must really be the end . 
If you watch Bin Laden's life backwards , it's about an ocean zombie who builds skyscrapers out of airplanes . 
marriage is a relationship in which one person is always right and the other is the husband . 
There are 3 types of people in the world : the ones who can count and the ones who cant . 
Why do they say opposites attract even tho people break up because of their differences ? 
Maybe UFOs aren't aliens ...... Maybe they're future humans who managed to create a time machine ..... 
69% of people find something dirty in every sentence . 
When you decode your own dream and it turns out to have some strong message , you feel psychic . This is fact . 
Fuck , my mouth hurts ..... 
Anyone know what time everyone gets back from wonderland ? 
If I was in a room with Justin beiber , bin laden , hitler , and a gun with 2 bullets , I'd shoot beiber twice . 
Twilight is like soccer . They run around for 2 hours , nobody scores , and it's billion fans insist you just don't understand . 
I hate when people say to drink lots of fluids . What else would i drink ? Solids ? Ionized gasses ? 
" slutface " " my face is not a slut , my vagina is . Oh wait nvm , my mouth is too . " interesting .... 
What number confuses stupid people ? 82 
lets see if this actually works .... ;;) me gusta . 
=D > 
If nothing is impossible , is impossibility possible ? 
Realized : the human race kills people that kill people to show people that killing people is wrong . 
" I'm positive I'm missing an electron ..... " That's what taking chem in summer school does to your brain . Keep an ion that . 
Dear Horton , does it go for penis's too ? A penis's a penis , no matter how small ..... 
If you try to fail and succeed , which one gave you done ? 
Your wall on G+ is heretofore called your g spot . People who won't add you into circles are called circle jerks . 
Stop saying you just had a newborn baby . The newborn part is assumed . No one thinks you just pushed a 12 year old out of your snatch . 
Done with school ! Now summer can ACTUALLY start :) 
If life gives you lemons you make lemonade , so if life gives you gators can you make Gatorade ? 
Am I the only one who falls asleep after having caffeine ? 
if watermelons are full of water , what are kumquats full of ? 
iF sHe StIlL wRiTeS lIkE tHiS sHeS tOo YoUnG fOr YoU bRo . 
Boston pizza !! :D 
Only 12% of people can solve this in 30 seconds . Write the opposite of each word : 1 . Always 2 . Coming 3 . From 4 . Take 5 . Me 6 . Down :) 
" I feel really bad for tampons . They visit the best place on earth , but only during renovations . " random guy walking by my house ..... 
Oxygen hydrogen sodium sodium , what's my name ? 
No woman will ever be fully satisfied with any man , because no man has a 15 inch chocolate penis that shoots money . Sorry guys . 
Twinkle twinkle little slut , you like dick inside your butt . Sliding in the hole so high , feeling good you can't deny ? Twinkle twinkle little slut , you like dick inside your butt . 
" needles are for sewing , not for putting into people !! " Cala A-f 
never . again . ever . 
twilight or harry potter ? 
its not easy to get close to anyone . everyones afraid of everybody else ...... maybe because were all afraid of ourselves . 
was hacked by Tristan !!!!! Muhahahahahahahahaha !!!!! <3 
apparently my new nickname is the partier ....... LOL Monisha Pathak :) 
damn phones broke dont text 
" flight attendants are ..... overpaid vending machines . " oh google (: 
why do people say life is short when its the longest thing anyone ever experiences ?? 
" but lollipops are junkfood !! OMG , CHOCOLATE PUDDING !!!! " Cala Alfonso-Francis this is why we love you <33 
say no to drugs , because if the drugs are talking to you , youve probably had enough . 
trees hate me :( 
ICE CREAM !!! 
WTF there was an earthquake ?? 
happy ninja day ! 
-__- 
christmas music has gotta be the most annoying thing ......... but merry christmas anyways :) 
i havent texted you back in months , ive never replied to your inboxes , and i blocked you on msn . im not gonna fuck you . when are you going to give up ?? 
H a p p y H a l l o w e e n ! 
all i want for christmas is you <33 
one good thing about coughing , it gives you abs :( 
its quicker to count the things that aint wrong with you than to count the things that are ..... 
.... 
You can ask me ANY three questions you want , but ONLY inbox (: and I'll answer no matter what . put this as your status and see how many you get :P 
Sick :( 
today , i ran into a door . it was open . 
type your name : megan rogers 
with your elbow : , mdehgswnj tfrolhgretrfdsd 
with your nose : kj34tywqn rogerse 
with your eyes closed : megan rogetrs 
put this as your status and dont erase mistakes and put your name not mine ! 
gahhh 
" if i cant run , i want to 
scream . i want to scream , 
but i cant find my voice , 
hidden somewhere 
in the indigo sea that has 
swamped my brain . 
blue . blue . deep dark blue . 
the blue that fills me with desire , 
the desire to find a small , 
sharp blade and watch the 
blood run , red . " 
- Ellen Hopkins 
wow 
Julia Krumma is a pyromaniac :) 
hair smells like fire ...... 
tristan's bitchy friend texting me lol :) 
" THE EARTH IS BIG !!!! " XD 
Julia Krumma you make my life :) 
when a smurf is choking , what colour does it turn ?? 
" HE GOES TO CHURCH ?!?!?!?! " 
hmmm ......... 
" Mr. McCallum , i think sara has problems . shes been laughing for 20 minutes straight . " 
is bored to death 
dad , no one cares if you dont like my clothes . shut your face . 
my bestest friend in the whole entire world is Sky-La PeterPan Marr !!! :D <3 
Cala Alfonso-Francis Sky-La PeterPan Marr Teagan A-f i like pigs :) 
really wants to try chocolate covered bacon now ........ 
" thats how you show love in my family . we throw balloons at each other . " gotta love 60 year old guys who made magic and balloon animals into a career . 
virginia -__- dont text 
OMFG its magical :) 
thanks for hacking me Sky-La PeterPan Marr <3 
RIP Jacob <3 
single liiiife <3 <3 
its way too hot outside :( 
why you like the way regrets taste ?? 
how could they remember something ... that theyve been forced to forget ??? loooool the fourth kind (: Cala Alfonso-Francis Julia Krumma Teagan A-f dont get abducted by aliens xD 
buskerfest w/ Cala Alfonso-Francis Sky-La PeterPan Marr and Teagan A-f was goood <3 
is failing english 
dont take shit from no one . 
september ......... thats depressing . 
fuck 
cows , horses , and windmills . what state am i in ?? 
my life has been made XD 
Cala Alfonso-Francis , shooting arrows in a floor length white skirt is not smart ..... 
i dont give a damn what you think , im doing this for me ......... 
why did the condom fly across the room ? 
im fucking going crazy . 
whitewater rafting with Cala Alfonso-Francis and Teagan A-f :P 
:) 
Dear society , how have you managed to make girls feel bad for being virgins AND for losing their virginity ? Sincerely , what doyou want from us ? 
happy condom day ! 
2nd sem : 
english- lundy 
sci-radovic 
history-lyons 
com tech-vandendool 
ninjas or pirates ?? 
vampires suck was amazing XD Melissa Mangos 
" laziness is nothing more than the habit of resting before you get tired . " best fortune cookie EVER . 
" isnt march 3rd in february this year ? " whoever that was , you fail . like , epically . 
just found out february 14 is national condom day XD 
M&M = Marshall Mathers . just realized . 
got a fucking knee brace ....... 
exam week , im so looking forward to you . 
just realized that the main chip company in england is Walkers , but in america its Lays .... 
happy birthday Proof . rest in peace <3 
trick or treating was siick :P 
just gonna stand there and watch me roar , but thats alright cause im a dinosaur :P just gonna stand there and eat you alive , but thats alright cause im a carnivore inside xD 
" WHY DOES THIS TRAIN STOP AT EVERY STATION !!! " " .......... because thats what trains do ....... " Julia Krumma Cala Alfonso-Francis Pinja A-f 
Looking happy and being happy are not the same thing . Open your eyes , you just might save a life . 
potato 
on this status : smash head into keyboard , post results xP 
Happy new year I guess . Why is it such a big deal ?? 
im not creepy , your just retarded . 
new msn add megan-rogers1@hotmail.com :) 
How do the people in a bubble wrap factory not pop the bubble wrap ? 
caramel coffee werthers originals actually taste like coffee ....... 
* insert thoughts * 
So pissed I'm shaking .... 
3 blondes , eating ice cream cones . ones sucking on hers , ones biting , and ones licking . which ones married ?? 
It's not about the length , it's about the special characters ;) 
