is depressed for no reason he can put a finger on exactly something about school and friends and music and family 
has the most awesome homework asignment ever ! He has to play a video game ( of his choice ) for a couple of hours 
I've come to the conclusion that I either have nothing important to say really crappy friends or there was a third one but I can't remember what it was 
today seems to be one of those days that the universe is conspiring to piss me off . first I'm late for class installing a program that I need for the class just to realize I was thinking of the wrong class the program fails to install properly by the way . then the class I WAS in is a fucking art class ... READ PREVIOUS POST IF INTERESTED IN THE REST 
I just randomly started crying . not sad or depressed just very confused . if anything I'm just apathetic right now 
no issue with art or anything but I suck at art classes and we were given a particularly difficult assignment today ( which I didn't finish ) then when I get back to the dorm my fucking key wont work in the door had to get my neighbor to open it for me . and you know what ?! the days still fucking young T_T 
Learning to play Hall of the Mountain King on guitar ! It's one of the songs I'm obsessed with ^_^ 
I'm trying to get up the energy to restring my guitar 
so I just got kicked out of a class for saying " that's a bull shit rule " ... I said it calmly and wasn't yelling or anything 
would someone kindly explain to me why when I'm 19 jail bait decide to hit on me ? 
would someone ANYONE my own age actually hit on me please ... I'm really tired of the jail bait ! you don't even got to mean it ! 
question for people with the double X chromosome if your name was Morgan would you like it if you were called Fata Morgana ? it's Morgan Le Fey in Italin as well as being a type of mirage on the ocean where it looks like theres land when there really isn't 
the power adapter for my laptop died ... again 
WE'VE ACHIEVED TELEPORTATION ! no joke I just checked CNN.com and it has been conformed we are able to teleport atoms around where we want them too ! next step cells ! 
I'm getting a mandolin for Christmas ! I completely forgot my dad is so into music ( playing not listening ) pretty much anything I ask for along those line's I'll get XD 
I feel sorry for John Travolta ... your son dies and then some fucking paramedic decides to black mail you ? ( if your curious the paramedic was threatening to lie and say that the death of his son was Travolta's fault ) 
I picked up my guitar looked at the strings and realized there shot ... I REPLACED THEM THREE WEEKS AGO . Maybe if I had been playing near constantly I'd understand but I've barley played AND I've cleaned it every time afterwards .... I hate restringing the damn thing 
Has finally gotten around to watching Supernatural again ... and subsequently remembered why I stopped watching ; it creeps the fuck out of him when he watches it alone . 
any one know why just about everyone I meet says there bi ( ok I'm exaggerating a bit but it is the majority ) and bi people are supposed to be a minority 
I was just told that I look like a girl ... and that it's a bad thing 
Like a shotgun I kept on singing ^_^ 
I just took a test on wbmd answering truthfully ... by the end of the third question they asked me to call a suicide hotline XD 
so ... my phone fell apart and dropped into my coke ... and the doctor cut off about 1/4 an inch of my toenail . 
I watched a show called " top 10 vampires we love " and Lestat wasn't even on the damn list ! As popular as The Vampire Chronicles are I'm surprised ... kind of annoyed me . 
I just found out my family thinks I don't talk much and that I'm soft spoken XD 
singer's have slightly disturbed me ever sense I read this book that had a children's quire were the children had certain vocal chords removed so they could hit the note perfectly ... when there wasn't pain killers or anything 
My number's changing so for all you who have it ( and for some who don't ) it's going to be 512-239-9959 from tomorrow on 
why is it most of the girl's I know have had some sort of sexual abuse ? I didn't think that was that common 
my toe hurts it's all green and pussy ... I hope amputation is not in order T_T 
There's a Blue Moon next month ^_^ in 2018 there will be two in one year ! ( impressive because they're only supposed to occur once every 2.7 years ) 
anyone want to hang out ? 
I'm sitting at computer staring blankly at the screen with no idea what so ever of what I should do . 
I'm currently obsessed with the song Pure Morning by Placebo 
I just translated Semper and Fi and I now have NO idea what those military types mean when they say it . Any one care to take a crack at it ? Semper : Always Fi : happen , come about ; result ( from ); take place , be held , occur , arise ( event ); be made/created/instituted/elected/appointed/given ; be prepared/done ; develop ; be made/become ooh always be prepared ? wounder why they started saying it in latin . 
why does everyone I know who is feuding try to drag me into the middle of it when all I ask is to be left out ?! 
I am bored and want do something . P.S. for once I gots money 
my dog is currently owning my sister's two dogs in a fight ... it's funny because he weighs half their weight 
I have gas ! and a tiny amount of money ^_^ wow it takes very little to make me happy . apparently a bowl problem and a bit of cash ... 
I want to be president ! they get out of Jurry Deuty 
I've been using facebooks messaging system to chat with someone and I just got a message saying that I'm sending to many messages and that I would get blocked if I don't slow down ... aparantly because it COULD be annoying to others ... I've been messaging ONE PERSON 
one of the best quotes ever " my closest relationship is with my black berry ; thank god it vibrates " 
I just realized that college has pretty much made me a vegetarian 
a man was court ordered to attend every doctor visit for his unborn child XD 
I'm typing this with a plate balanced on both of my hands I be the awsome 
every time I play fast my finger's tighten up 
I are hungry 
how does one go about having 2.5 kids ? 
I heard Harley Quinn will be in the next Batman movie . It would be awesome but how could they now that Heath Ledger died ? I mean you can't have Harley Quinn with out The Joker ! You just can't! 
tired ... slept all day and I want to go BACK to sleep ... stupid doctor's apointment 
" Are you trying to say Jesus can't hit a curve ball ? " 
Hacker's is one of the best movies ever 
My laptops wireless driver refuse to work and for some reason Damn Small Linux wont show anything past the boot screen ! 
There is nothing like a fresh install . 
So ... I got told that I am wanted out of the house for the 3rd time in 24 hours so I think I need to get a job and apartment ASAP ... This time it was because I set my phone to silent which I was using for an alarm clock and ended up sleeping through my first english class T_T 
Anyone know why firefox thinks every word I type is miss spelled ? 
The doctor told me Switch from Hydrocodin to Asprin and then he said showers over baths and briefs over boxers ! XD 
Hyundai's are South Korean cars ? I always assumed it was Japanese .... 
I just had possibly the best night of my life . And I'm not even sure if a so far should placed in that statement 
Just read an awesome quote from a SciFi book " I'll have far less to say . How can one say anything about what never happens ? That would be like writing a history of a place that never existed . " 
01010100011010000110100101110011001000000111000001101111011100110111010000100000011010010111001100100000011010010110111000100000011000100110100101101110011000010111001001111001 
When I die I want people to throw a party and dance upon my grave . 
I didn't know that Neverwhere was a TV series too ! 
I actually qualify to repair computers at best buy 0 . o With about 5 out of 7 of their perfered preference thingy's down 0 . o 
I was told by someone who was high as a kite that I look like a movie star ... at least I think he was high ... I know he got high latter . 
Seth Rogan as green hornet ? I'm saddened greatly 
piss of you little shit ! 
Well you are shit tastikly slow at that ! 
inteligence : building guns with built in bottom openers . a company in Israel makes a gun called the Guiel ( not sure on the spelling ) which is a machine gun that can double as a rocket launcher has built in wire cutter AND A BUILT IN BOTTEL OPENER ! it's not something that CAN be used as it but was BUILT into it -_- 
Talk about crappy dreams ; I had one last night in which I was downloading music on itunes . And then realized I spent more money than I had in the bank . And yes that's really what I dreamed . 
so I fucked up and left myself about 12 hours to do 200 math questions ... I'm an idiot 
" Art school ... it all comes down to your bluff check " XD 
Dogs just came in from a romp in the snow . 
Funny the memories that Bachs Minuet in G major brings back XD 
Ya know what would be an interesting cross over ? Inch-high private eye and Inch-high samurai ! 
aparantly I type fucking furiously ! 
Anyone up for a Serial Experiment Lain marathon ? 
and that's the only fucking thing we could understand that he said ! 
I'm an idiot . good night . 
So , yesterday i was busy studying for the A+ cert when all of a sudden my mom started screaming at me " what did you do to my computer ?! How can I have this many viruses ? " I walked in took a look at her laptop and her browser was sitting on one of those false virus report pages . I just laughed for a good ten minutes 
is it wrong that when I find out a friend is in a relationship my first thought is something along the lines of " I give them 2 to 3 months " ? 
I just realized ; all of b-52's songs sound the same . 
Oi ! 
is it sad that astra informs me of people's posts on here before facebook does ? ( astra trillian ) 
the movie Chasing Amy is a study in contradictions for me . On the one hand I find it hilarious . On the other it hits a little to close to home . I'm currently half way threw watching it so we shall see 
ass hole ! 
just checking something ; someone please comment this . what ya post doesn't matter 
do ANY of you fuckers play AND own a set of drums damn it ! 
Amazon's tech support is awesome ! I dropped the kindle and the screen broke . I called them up told them " My screen is broken * insert what screen looks like here * " and no questions asked they said " That does indeed sound like a broken screen give me a credit card number as collateral in case you do not send back your broken kindle within the 30 days of receiving your new one . " So they be replacing it for free ! 
I was just thinking " I wish the volume on the TV was a bit higher but I'm too lazy to get up and walk over to the remote . " then the volume on the TV just started going up ! I freaked out then realized the remote wasn't where I thought it was and I had accidentally hit the table with my hand and knocked something on top of it . 
Anyone have a POS computer they wouldn't mind giving to me ? I need to make a linux box . 
mother refuses to buy caffinated beverages anymore T_T except coffee she's not THAT evil . what this means is currently I'm going through cafiene withdrawal 
One of the best lines ever " You don't seem to understand . I'm not locked in here with you . You're locked in here with me ! " 
brain dead moment I tried to put mouth wash on my tooth brush instead of toothpaste XD 
I'm debating switching my laptop over to linux . I don't use it for gaming and I really want a linux box for some other reasons ... 
" oh shit I was supposed to read the comunist manifesto for poltical science ! " " just read a windows manual same thing " 
I'm eating a bowl full of Watermelon ! Yes that's right lady's and gentleman a bowl full ! It does come in bowl form . 
" Dude , on a scale of one to bad , this is pretty fucked up . " ~ Thor , SGVY 
This is my fucking shtick ! 
interesting thing . you know your popular when your friends actually respond to posts on here XD 
I think I drank to much coffee -_- NOT cause of the cafine but because of something else XD 
I found a comic I didn't know I owned worth a couple thousand bucks ^_^ 
I just realized I have no roots ... I mean to say if I was to move I don't think I'd talk to any of my friends . I never did before what's different now ? Eh , I'm just depressed a bit depressed because of a webcomic called Pictures of You ... 
I have decided : you can go take a long walk off an extremely short pier while wearing cement boots . 
I can quote lyrics too " But I just can't get no relief , Lord ! 

Somebody , somebody 
Can anybody find me somebody to love ? " 
going to an iron man showing before iron man 2 was awsome ! no one went and we got the best show in the house 
found some COOL do it yourself thingy's 
Nate says I say fuck almost as much as danny does when he's tired 
" We must settle this like real men ; with stupidity and violence ! " 
if your curious I found an app that determines what percantage of facebook you are that cusses and I want to get to 99% bitch ! 
ass holes ! 
I love sandman .... Death is soooo pretty ! 
HOW COME IF SOMETHING FUCKING GOOD HAPPENS TO ME NO ONE GIVES A SHIT BUT ONE OF MY FUCKING FRIENDS ! 
I'm listening to white noise by static XD 
94 on the asvab and i fuck it up in medical by telling them about a concusion I got 4 years ago XD 
what is it about the unobtanable that makes me want it so much ? 
TigerDirect seems to be better to newegg 
I have an urge to start watching Digimon Series 1 again for old times sake ... I used to have a massive crush on sora XD 
something is missing ... not sure what but something feels out of place 
too many vampire tv shows 
Why do I only have access to 33.33% of my hard drive ? 
rereading megatokyo and as whinney it gets latter I keep forgetting it used to be sooooo awesome in the begining XD 
Can someone explain why we found steaks and ribbs easier to cook than the hamburgers ? We grilled steaks ribbs and hamburgers yesterday and the steaks and ribbs came out perfect but we never got the hamburgers right ! Hamburgers were supposed to be the ones there in case the OTHER two sucked . -_- 
iTunes showed I had $50 in my account I try to buy a cd for $12.99 I get a message saying " insufficient funds " and it now shows I have $ . 79 in my account 0 . o 
I can't get God , Steve Mcqueen by guttermouth out of my head it's getting really annoying 
I just finished a 500 odd page book today ... Also started it today . 
Stupid Pizza and your deliciousness ... it's STILL playing havoc with my stomach T_T 
I love neil gaiman ! during an interview by some reporter on the similarities between Tim Hunter and Harry Potter he said that he thought they were bot hripping off T.H. White 
why does trilian get someones facebook post update before my facebook account ? 
hey should I get microsoft office certified ? 
My rooms unbearbly hot 0 . o 
who wants to make plasma arc speakers with me ! 
is any one else fucking annoyed by this too ? 
I'm almost fucking there ! 
I'm A Evil Overlord ! 
They're making a Smurfs movie 0 . o 
Any one know if a good ska band will be in town any time soon ? 
My favirote artist is now Nat Tate 
hell on earth 
this is getting really fucking old and annoying ! 
damn it ! 
Thinking of buying an $800 computer case and I figure if I'm spending THAT kind of money I want it painted . Anyone who's good at art want to volunteer ? 
http://www.complexactions.com/comic/101.jpg 
son of a bitch patrick don't copy me ! 
Three hours of math hell ... is two and a half hours too long 
ok iTunes has SERIOUSLY pissed me off ... I get a 10 dollar allowance every month on there on the first of the month I logged in to see if it had gotten in yet accidently clicked to buy a cd WITH NO ARE YOU SURE MESSAGE IT GAVE IT TO ME . The problem you might ask ? The allowance hadn't hit yet . that meant it came out of my bank account WHICH HAD NO MONEY . I now owe the bank $120.30 
Is it sad that I took an extra large slice of brownie to have some where in the box to put the knife I was using to cut it ? 
Any one know why I can't seem to sleep through the night ? I go to sleep at around 8 or 10 and end up waking up at 1 or in tonight's case 3 ! 
Bordom + lighter + paper + granite trashcan = fire in bathroom 
There was a bubble of something in my left ear ! It didn't hurt but felt strange ... just popped it ... 
I'm sitting here watching the muscle in my leg twitch 
Mother is being strange ... all friends got banned from the house because aparantly some flap thing was folded up under the pillows on both sides . No idea how that happaned and it didn't actually damage anything . 
ok I'm fucking bored of this now 
slut ! 
I just had to rescue mother from a big bad baby garden snake that somehow got into the house . She was screaming " behead it behead it ! " I just took it over to the empty lot down the street . 
THE TOSSERS MUSIC IS IN THE RISE OF TAJ ! 
he agreed to marry me ! 
bull shit 
I hate being sick damn it ! 
This will be weird but I just remembered Prozzac XD The err band I guess 
My cell phones screen stopped working last night . I can't call you or look at texts but I guess you guys can still call me . 
The Greenhornet watching Batman on TV XD 
Ok I need to find a way to make this shit amusing 
ok , this is getting anoying . My thigh then foot then pinky all spasmed ... then this muscle on the side of my face . Any one got any ideas why my muscles are spazing ? 
I say fuck a lot 
nate can go suck a duck ! fuck ! 
I type so fucking fast I make the flash look like he's taking a shit ! 
shit faced ! 
something must be up with my shoe because my dogs been sniffing it and my pants since I got home . 
Aphrodite is snoring ! Kind of cute ... ( the dog ) 
Just finished reading Beck ... not depressed for once after finishing something ! ( Normally after finishing a really good series I get depressed ) 
Just went on a quick trip down Memory Lane . I'm rather disapointed in the Power Rangers franchise now ! The first six seasons are all related to eachother , then the 7th has NOTHING to do with the others ! After that they go back and forth mixing and matching characters from different seasons . I only watched the firs t-t hird seasons . 
Math while 11/12 asleep does not work ! 
Carson is talking about last night and the closesst to any one calling him gay was I told him that one of our other friends when he was HITTING on her thought he was gay . 
So I just accidently formated my laptop while trying to fix an issue I caused when installing the OS . Apparantly I had only used half of the harddrive . I used gparted to extend the partition to use the other half and somewhere along the way my data got ireparably corupted . I wasn't too upset because nothing on there was that important . Then I remembered my bookmarks . 
I just grilled 3 steaks ! Well ... they were huge pieces of steak . each could feed about three or four people and they all turned out well . 
I got a question for you guys because of an argument I got into with Fitzy . I called Sun Wukong Goku . Sun Wukong is the monkey king from journey to the west . a list of alternate names for the monkey king : Goku / Kongo / Monkey / Monkey King / Son Goku / Son-goku / Songoku / Sun Wu Kong / Sun Wu-Kong / Sun Wu-kung / Sun Wukong . Does it really matter which name I use when referring to any of the characters ? 
I don't know why I want to be at 99 fucking percent but I really do 
the bitch tried to give me herpes ! and the other one hurt it ! 
Do any of you who are female have a crush on nate ? if your not sure that means you have boobs ( not because your fat ! ) and lack a penis ! 
bitch 
Having issues with BackTrack and conecting to the internet T_T 
Oh , figment of a vast majority of the worlds imagination , how I love coffee ! If there was one thing that could get me to believe in you it would be coffee . One sip ( or cup ) and I feel the warmth I'm more awake and everything seems so much sharper . I swear if everyone just drank more coffee there would be piece on earth . 
ALL YOU WHO LIKE iTUNES GO TO HELL !!!! Except Stephi . 
FUCK ! FUCK ! FUCK ! FUCK ! FUCK ! FUCK ! FUCK ! FUCK ! FUCK ! FUCK ! FUCK ! FUCK ! FUCK ! FUCK ! FUCK ! FUCK ! FUCK ! FUCK ! FUCK ! FUCK ! FUCK ! FUCK ! FUCK ! FUCK ! FUCK ! FUCK ! 
Took me about four or five hours of searching for drivers and banging my head against the wall to figure out that my microphone was just on mute -_- 
I'm 
pissed at my English teacher and feel like writing an essay for 
him ... I have decided it shall be a persuasive essay . 
I 
have not decided if I'm going to write one persuading him that his 
rules need to be changed because they are draconian or if I'm writing 
one or persuading him he's a dick . Not quite sure if I used the right 
tense on draconian . 
My coffee pot is fixed ! Almost enough to make me believe in a divine being ! In fact I do ! I shall name him clay ! For he is the one that realized it was just clogged and needed to be cleaned out . 
Paul Smecker used to be Jesus ? 0 . o 
If ninja's drove cars they'd drive a prius . 
I swear if I read one more post on a friends status or update like that again I'm going to kill someone ... And this was left ambiguous so as not to piss certain people off . 
Why do I ALWAYS get depressed after finishing a series ? It's gotten to the point that when I KNOW I'm near the end I put off finishing it . I have books I started years ago that I've always been meaning to go back and finish . Sometimes I think it's because I get emotionally attached to the characters and if I finish the series we will never have any new interactions . 
The Devils Advocate is pretty good . 
I've noticed that a lot of Ska songs feel like they're building up and then while still in the process of building up all that energy and potential just sort of disperses it to no affect . 
A car ... that updates you ... on your facebook status ... 
0 . o Tony Ja is a big enough star to be referenced in the tv show Castle ?! 
Father be hearing things . He came in and told me that if my sister calls while they're gone it's my fault . I said OK he leaves the room and then storms back in and says " what did you say ?! " I hadn't even had a THOUGHT . 
currently sitting at my laptop trying to listen to non-existent sound that is coming from my laptop . 
Why is it the more I don't want to be alone the less people are avalable ? 
Why is it the guys job to make the romantic gestures ? Especially on Valentines day or things such as that 
Some one please explain to me on what planet col makers a cer sound ?! If you don't get it , I'm complaining about the spelling of colonel . 
I do NOT have a problem with gay people . I have a problem with my sister and her boyfriend constantly asking me " So when are you going to come out of the closet ? " and things along those lines . They don't seem to be able to get it threw there heads that I AM NOT GAY ! 
Did carson delete his profile ? 
I'm learning Money by pink flyod on the bass . 
My family has been calling me about video games to get for other people for Christmas XD well video games and video game consoles . 
I do in fact seem to learn at least one new thing a day ! Who would have thought that that old saying would turn out to be damn near true ! 
About ten minutes ago when I was unloading the car I tried to pick up a small bag of cat food with my left hand . As soon as I started to lift the bag my wrist felt as if someone had just smashed it with a baseball bat . I haven't injured it as far as I'm aware and I just put my full weight on the hand with out it hurting . Anyone know what might have happened ? 
GAH someone get me out of the house ! 
No one is responding to me when I message XD 
Some god damn machine for some website just called my cell phone at 4:00 am I be pissed and heads are going to role ... If I can find them that is . 
Wow .... they are REALLY jumping around in the Discworld series tv adaptations ... They started with Hogfather the 20th book in the series then The Color of Magic which really spans the first two books . Then they did Going Postal the 33rd and now they're doing Unseen Academicals the 37th book . 
Some one just said " Is the moon round " in the same way that someone would say " would a bear shit in the woods ? " I answered with " Nope it's spherical . " 
My parents be gone ! 
FUCK IT Sabayon isn't working any better than Ubuntu did . Though I did figure out that the reason I only had access to half my hard drive was because Sabayon decided to cut my hard drive in half and give half of it to Root . 
I hate you all ! Yes you . 
I'll make something homemade fo the first five people who comment on my status . If u comment you have to copy this into your status 
I bow to the emperor of San Fransisco ! 
I both loath and love the night ... I'm more awake during the night but I'm also rather lonely and depressed then too . My family avoids each other so I may live with my parents but I might as well be living by myself . I don't get any REAL social interaction most of the time so I end up being a complete ... uh ... something or other at night . 
Any one else remember Goodnight Moon ? 
I am saddened ... I like the song lovefool T_T 
HOLY SHIT ! China is AWESOME ! They had a guy in a transformer costume WHO TRANSFORMED ! On TV ! 
I found FreeBSD 8.1 and Slackware 13.1 for $30 and $40 respectively at fry's electronics . Seriously WTF ?! 
All those who know anything about linux , Sabayon specifically , Any ideas why my laptop will drop it's connection and then refuse to connect to my wireless router while being able to see it . It's not a problem with my router though it could be an issue with my wireless card . 
So Sabayon doesn't have sound drivers for my laptop natively . Less anoying than Gentoo's lack of wireless driver's but still anoying . 
I love how video games keep introducing me to old bands that I end up loving ! Mostly Tony Hawks Pro Skater but what ever . 
Explain why I put off doing my 5 assignments for 3 weeks because when I attempted them when I was well rested I couldn't answer any but one of the questions and then was able to knock out all 5 assignments with in a couple of hours after staying up all night reading . 
Oh , my niece is back . YAY ! Everyone can sense the sarcasm right ? Good . 
Is anyone else annoyed with windows acting like they are the only ones capable of cloud computing ? 
I had a fun day today . 
False alarm . not depressed just physically sick . ODD makes it so I have to judge emotions based off physical reactions that my body makes so I assumed my stomach being in turmoil was because I was depressed ... turns out it's because I'm an idiot who thought they don't put enough real cheese inside pizza rolls to set off my allergy ! XD 
I seem to like rolling onto my hand when I go to sleep . Every morning I've laid on it long enough that when I wake up I can't feel a thing below my elbow . 
Perfect weather for an anime marathon ... I'm thinking Gundam ( all of them ) or tekkaman blade ... 
POKE ME if you ever had a crush on me ... LIKE THIS status if you think I'm a good friend ... MESSAGE me if you ever want to date me ... COMMENT if you ever had good memories ... Now let's see who's brave enough to COPY and PASTE this to their status . yeah I'm that bored 
I just realized that I've been awake for 26 hours and I haven't been tired at all in that period . Kind of strange because I haven't been sleeping more than 4 hours a night all week and have been extremely drowsy during the day . 
my headphones are starting to hurt my ears . stupid library and your silence policy ! 
So my 13 year old niece apparently doesn't know how to use a door . I walked down the hall ( which her room is directly at the end of ) and saw her getting dressed . It was kind of funny how she jumped when I said " you might wanna shut the door . " 
I have determined that Coffee is magical . It tastes great hot or cold yet really crappy at room temperature ! 
How you know you're reading a manga for chicks ; the dating adds all have guys in the pictures and have the caption " see who's checking you out " 
I have no idea if I actually slept last night . I don't THINK I did but I feel rested . 
I hate it when bands get credit for songs they only covered . 
Forgot what I was going to say so I'll post this instead . 
Please 
put this as your status if you know or are related to someone killed on 
the Death Star when it was obliterated by the Rebel Alliance . My wish 
is that people will understand that the Rebel Alliance is a band of 
murdering scum . The Empire wants to bring peace to the galaxy , but 
the ... Rebel Alliance continues to kill innocent civilians . 93% won't 
copy/paste this . Will YOU make this your status ? 
My cell phones screen wont come on now . It randomly restarts itself and I got no screen . I be a wee bit upset with it . 
The tv info button says I'm watching comedy central . In fact the channel I pushed into the damn remote was for comedy central . The station tag on the screen says TNT . 
" You're sweet . You're like a horny little care bear " 
Why is it that no matter HOW my life is actually GOING I'm almost always depressed for a reason I can't seem to put my finger on . Or maybe I'm just confusing boredom with depression ... I MAY do that because I find when I'm depressed I tend to be bored . Can't think of anything to do ! And I be unhappy . 
I just got a job ! And I didn't even have to apply for it ! 
Look up the CIA spy project Acoustic Kitty . It's disturbing what people will do . Plus $ 10,000,000 down the drain . 
If I had to make a battle outfit out of something I'd make it out of spider silk produced from a Darwin bark spider . There silk is ten times stronger than Kevlar ! It's also lighter . Completely impractical I know but it would be awesome ! 
http://easiersaid.net/comics/2010-06-02-terminal.jpg 
Oh , I know she didn't KNOW when she suggested it but a friend of mine just suggested I drink a glass of milk to settle my stomach .... it would settle it all right ! settle it right into the hospital ! XD 
" wait ... does this mean you don't want me to go down on you now ? " 
" no , please continue " 
Let us all go to hell . I'm pretty sure they have a group discount . 
Haven't eaten yet today AND my sister ordered pizza didn't give me any on top of using both ovens so I can't even cook . 
Guitar Hero Warriors of rock just throws you in . No gradual increase to difficulty 
I'm BORED 
Finally going to sit down and actually RUN a DnD campaign anyone interested hit me up 
Having your door shut is awesome for two reasons . One : It warms up the room in winter . Two : Advanced warning when someone is coming into your room . 
Bet NO ONE guesses what show mines from ! Mostly because EVERYONE who I've talked to about it has never heard of it . 
I mentally and verbally say " Odin's Day " When I write wednesday ... Mostly because that's what it means . 
I remember back when I was a kid being the first one up and waking everyone up for Christmas . This morning I got woken up by my parents ! Merry Christmas . 
I have an issue with NwN2 that only just occurred to me ; Race doesn't matter . There is no stigma for being a Drow or Yaun-ti even though both are supposed to be extremely evil and what not and a massive stigma against them . 
I hate someone . No idea what their name is , what they look like , or really anything about them such as political stance , view on gay marriage or any other reason anyone could possibly think of to hate someone . Has nothing to do with race or religion either . 
I'm trying to learn I'm a Believer and I fought the law ... ran into an unusual problem on both songs . Well unusual for me . Most times I can't read the tabs and therefor get discouraged and give up . I can read the tabs because I actually KNOW all the chords . Can't figure out the damn strumming pattern though . 
I just had an awesome dream in which magic was real . It wasn't very useful ... I could teleport really light things short distances and never to where I wanted and I could summon really low heat flame around my hand that required constant concentration to keep it there ... 
Good night ^_^ 
I can't wait till tomorrow 
Phone rang I was so bored I answered a servy 
Who want's to hang out February 30th ? 
Does the sound of a brush on teeth bother anyone else ? It sets me on edge . 
I just realized I'm beyond redemption . I always jokingly called myself a nerd because I thought I had a few nerdy interests ... I have realized at this instant that I am way beyond just a " casual " nerd . The worst of it is I don't really care if I get redemeed as long as I can get me a set of bone die ( d20 , d10 , d8 , d6 , d4 ) or read my next comic/book or watch the neweswt episode of the most obscure anime I can find . 
Seeing as I watched the tv show before reading the books ... I never noticed how FAR OFF the show is from the books -_-; 
Bohemian rhapsody get's you all ready for an easy song at the beginning then turns into an epic bitch in the middle 
$220 for a stuffed animal 0 . o I hope this manga is just exaggerating -_- 
I've started a DnD campaign if anyones interested . 
I just got hit on by one of those people that go door to door . Then she said I should go meet the girl who lives two doors down from me and date her XD 
NEW GOLDEN SUN IS OUT ! 
Ya know ... I just realized the vast majority of people I know never ask to hang out with ME ... is that because they don't want to or I ask first and thus don't give them the chance ? 
My sister is having morning sex ... on my bed ... again ... IT'S MY BED AND I'VE NEVER HAD SEX ON IT ! 
I need to find something effeciantly disturbing that I can use the line " I don't want to sleep anymore " while cowering in terror . 
Found a free online cardgame called Elements and in the game has a card called Schrodengers Cat who has on death an affect that activates saying it is still alive . XD 
I'm half tempted to post " good bye cruel world " and then never log on to facebook again just to see what happens . 
wow play way to many games ... saw my age and thought it was my level XD 
I'm BORED ! I stayed up late to talk to someone and now I can't sleep T_T 
everquest II is now f2p ! 
BEST BEST BUY COMMERCIAL EVER ! " what's a bebber ? " " I don't know but it kind of looks like a girl " 
I'm fucking depressed ... just ... not in a good place now . 
I only JUST realized how fucked up my pinky is sense I nearly cut it off ... it bends farther in the wrong direction than it should . 
Not sure but I think I'm a piro . I've burnt myself 3 times today lighting random shit on fire . 
Belt loops suck ! Digging into my back when I'm laying on the ground . 
Bo Burnham is awesome . 
Who likes The Iron Giant ? 
Is it just me or do an insane amount of anime/manga characters have no idea how to swim ? 
I need a bass without a thumb rest ! 
Hey everyone you just lost the ... OK this is just getting old , but I'm pretty sure you all lost any way . 
Roast beef + toasted bread + cheddar cheese + mustard + manayse = love ^_^ 
Awesome a shawshank redemption reference in a manwha ! 
Why the hell am I asking for advice until I get the advice I want but know I shouldn't take so I don't feel as guilty when I follow my advice . 
I can't wait for Game of Thrones ! It's being turned into a tv series . 
I haven't cried from pain in a LONG time ... but that hurt so much T_T 
There is an official comic book award for webcomics ?! 
Found the remote ... apparently when I stripped my bed looking for it I never moved the pillow . Which is weird cause I stripped it to the mattress . 
the left side of my chest hurts 
Goodbye , cruel world 
I'm leaving you today 
Goodbye , goodbye , goodbye 
Goodbye , all you people 
There's nothing you can say 
To make me change my mind 
Goodbye 
WTF Why haven't I been watching before ? 
My cat is insisting on sitting on my nuts which still HURT 
I want to start a ska band ! 
I think the size of my stomach shrank with out me lossing weight . I can't eat as much as I used to ... 
Fucking doctor telling me to take baths ! baths suck ! They make me all itchy ! 
According to the pope beaver is a fish . 
You and I wake up in jail together . In only four words , what would you say to me ? Note : if you comment , you must repaste this as your status so * I * can comment . Remember : only four words !! 
I saw a comercial for Open Season 3 ... my first thought was " There was an open season 2 ? " 
stupid face book chat ... can't tell if it's acting up or not 
Wow ... I would have never thought that the same actor played Syndrom from The Incredibles , Banky from chasing amy/Jay and silent bob strike back , and earl from my name is earl if it wasn't for IMDB ! XD 
How sad is it that I wait up every night for the new comic of my favirote webcomics to get posted ? 
Oi , I'm bored ! 
G'night . 
I wounder ... would Worcester sauce work as a cologne ? 
WTF Jackie Chan PLAYING A COWARD ?! 0 . o ok not unusual for him except this time he's not being funny . 
If you have guns and you're fighting someone using a sword ... WHY would you charge the person ? 
I'm HUNGRY feed me ! pwease ? 
Yay for creepily cyber stalking people out of boredom ! 
I was reading these wrong number text things . I now feel like typing random phone numbers into my phone and inviting people to dinner . 
Laptop just broke . Stupid air mattresses . 
Wow , that was quick . I called YESTERDAY about my laptop and the guys in my living room fixing it now . Normally it takes 3-4 days . After the phone call . 
I'm sick ! 
Shifting through abandon ware archives looking for gems . Man I'm bored . 
For a second I thought the wind was my dad snoring . I'm not sure if thats a statment on how strong the wind is or how lad my dad is ... 
I only just realized how much X-men references some rather ... mature ... things . And to think the kiddies idealize them ! ( I'm talking about the Hellfire Club right now ) 
MY BED ! It's mine again ! And my back is soooo happy ! 
WHAT'S THIS !? FIREFLY MIGHT COMEBACK ON THE AIR ?! OK , it IS back on the air but I'm talking about NEW episodes 0.0 
I just read this : " JUST because two girls hug , Doesn't mean they're lesbians . 
JUST because a girl hugs a boy or a boy hugs a girl doesn't necessarily mean they're dating . 
JUST because two guys hug , Doesn't mean they're gay . 
Like if you want peace and to end bullying ! :) :) :) " And for some reason can't see what their reason for liking it has to do with the rest of the damn message -_- 
If I implement a rule in which I inform a person that they have three warnings . If they use up all three warnings I will then punch them would you think less of me ? ( Warnings shall be used up by insulting me in some way ) 
I done fucked up . If you want to know how just ask but don't want to talk about it in public . I'm rather bored is all . 
I wish you could comment on the liked link thingies ... I so want to ask " really ? come on ... are you *^&$ing serious ! 
Anyone know if there is a list of the weird shit google translator does ? like the german to german translation thing with the beat box and the germ to turkish with click german to turkish . ההההההההההההההה being translated as pokemon ? 
Can't remember where I put the remote . need to get Dr. Phill off the tv 
The music video for True Faith by New Order is just weird 0.0 And you all probably know the song it's the one that has in the chorus " I used to think that the day would never come " 
Anyone else find the band name " Katrina and the Waves " a wee bit ... ironic ? 
When did disney get the rights to star wars ? 
Ever since I moved into my new room I'm hearing noises ... just at the edge of hearing . Mostly beeps or things that sound like alarms going off but currently I hear what sounds like the wind sort of but it's coming from my left which is towards the center of the house ... 
LoTR extended edition marathon ! If that doesn't put me to sleep I don't know what will ! 
Somebody stop me ! 
I finally found the manga for 3x3 eyes 0.0 
Wow ... our tastes really DO changes as we get older . I just ate a bowl of cereal that I used to love and the entire time I was thinking " this is WAY too sweet " 
mmm ... penis ... 
Who wants to watch Marry Poppins with me ? 
Ironman stole Wolverines line before he ever met wolverine 0.0 I'm reading the Ironman comics from the beginning and in the 4th one at the end he thinks " that's what you think bub . " 
Seriously Ironman of the 60s ... TRANSISTORIZED TEAR GAS BOMBS ?! 
When will I learn not to bring real world science into comic books ? When ? 
holyshit . this is the most friends I have had on in ... o wow ... there are duplicates of just about every one nevermind 
sandwich or cereal ? 
I woke my parents up by knocking one plate against another on accident when making my midnight snack ... wasn't that loud . I think something else really woke them . 
I've learned my lesson . Never look into the love lives of your favorite super heroes . 
If Singapore only has one train-station does that mean it's like those toy tracks that we used to play with as kids ? 
Interesting ... I want to read Sappho's poems damn it ! 
COFFEE FLAVORED PEZ ! 0.0 ; I think I'm in love . Well I AM but now I mean besides that . 
Wait ... so the asians in the group weren't the ninjas ?! They were the mages ?! 0.0 
She's a lesbian 0.0 and here I thought books and comics couldn't throw me for a loop anymore . 
" i thought you could only summon it after you bleed .... oh that time of the month ! " XD 
How sad is it that I'm almost 21 and I only just now read the The Conscience of a Hacker ( A.K.A. The Hacker's Manifesto) ? 
I made espresso ! 
yay depression ! 
Strangly no longer depressed ... just frusterated I guess ... keep wanting to throw my laptop across the room 
Does anyone think that the partridge family is a bit ... creepy ? 
Eating breakfast . Got a bit detracted and screwed up on which hand had the food and which had the remote . 
Neither one of my parents thought I'd notice a big swivel chair in my room if it was there . I have a big near empty room . 
BAD AMERICA ! How dare you keep making bad live action versions of anime ! Fist of the North Star , Crying Freeman , Dragon ball ... Soon Akira ... 
Why am I more awake at night if I'm also depressed then ? 
One of my favorite authors ( Robert Asprin ) died in bed while reading a book by ANOTHER of my favorite authors ! ( Terry Pratchet ) 
I'm watching an old dubed kung fu movie and a little boy was obviously voiced by a women -_- 
I have a snake in my pocket . 
Robert Asprin wrote a Catwomen book 0.0 
Matt : justin bieber has more fans the the beatles 
nenohantar : No he doesn't 
Matt : yeah 
Matt : on fb 
nenohantar : I just checked 
nenohantar : the beatles have two pages 
Matt : oh thats why 
nenohantar : he has more fans on one but on the other the beatles have 14 million 
Matt : wiki says 77 thousand 
Matt : oh 
Matt : kk 
nenohantar : almost 15 million actually 
Why is BBCA airing episodes of The X-files ? 
Who would have thought pounding on the key would fix it XD 
The Pirates of Penzance is hilarious ! 
There's a mapple story anime 0.0 
I'm weird . I'm happy and depressed at the same time . Smiling and on the verge of tears . Laughing as my body aches . I find the whole thing rather bemusing . 
I want those noodles that got the holes in them and are round covered in meat sauce now 
Who remembers the old cartoon Wackey Racers ? If Dastardly ever just tried to win with out cheating he would well WIN ! He's constantly getting in front of the other racers to set traps ! 
OK , I made a mistake and thought people could take a joke . Apparently they can't . 
Had fun today . Twas a bit too short though . 
I feel like shit . 
I might be getting my money back from itunes 0.0 
I feel like a taco . Eating one . Not being one . 
" Say the f word maybe that''ll help " XD 
I have the strange urge to attack my bed with a pair of scissors . 
I'm lonely ! I HATE being homealone . 
Maybe I wouldn't feel like I'm constantly in the dog house with people if more than half of them responded when it clearly says they're on ! Or they ever messaged me . One of the two . Yeah yeah I probably DID piss the people off knowing me . 
I hate being alone , I hate night , I'm breathing fast and freaking out pacing and worrying about nothing which mean IGNORE ANYTHING I SAY TONIGHT . 
I want Kingdoms of Amalur : Reckoning ! Need a job to get it T_T not that it's OUT yet ... 
I just spent half an hour trying to put the arrow key back on my laptop after my dog popped it off . talk about a pain in the ass . 
Just watched the first episode of both the Iron Man anime and the Wolverine Anime .... Iron Man they got down perfectly . Wolverine ... they gave him a mullet ! 
Fuckity fuck fuck . Carpal Tunnel is annoying -_- 
" It runs on breast milk but can still go through steel " 
Apparently I'm chopped liver . 
Funny all it takes to make me feel better is a ten minute conversation . 
XD " Jesus died on the cross so he could live with his dad forever ! " 
My sister decided I'm watching my niece all weekend with out having money to feed her . My parents left and gave me enough money to feed myself . 
So many of my friends are posting on their walls that they love people . Well I'm here to inform you that I hate you all . Every . Last . One . Except you , you're cool . 
Note to self ; talking about feelings makes you feel shit . 
For those of you who know me at all in a way we could classify as " well " you know that I'm a curious sort . So I've decided I'm going to ask you some questions and see what I get . First ; How many kids do you want and what names ? 
Interesting how I'm depressed and then I go watch some Zelda related shit and all of a sudden I'm happy . 
I've the strange urge to watch the mortal kombat tv show ... 
Things I've learned from books and video games ; never trust a Barron . 
Mortal Kombat : Konquest reminds me of the story for Jade Empire ... or does Jade Empire remind me of Mortal Kombat : Konquest seeing Konquest came out in 1998 3 years before Jade Empire . 
I slept ! 0.0 
OMFG I totally forgot that Mario's full name is Mario Mario . XD And Luigi is Luigi Mario XD God you got to love that movie it was soooo bad . 
Funny how my parents KNOW my sister is full of shit and side with me against her XD 
Kelgar , Elanee , Neshka and Slaan ROYALLY fucked me over . 
I heard something about three new eagles hatching in some state park . I miss heard it as " three knew evils are about to hatch " And I was all ' That's a rather poetic way to put it ... ' 
I was just told that I need to find out what's wrong with me that makes people not like me after getting to know me ^_^ 
I thought it's supposed to get better with time , not worse . 
I take the A+ cert tomorrow . Wish me luck . Or not either way . 
I'm watching face off ... It has a few good scenes but other than that the movie is completely over rated . 
I pissed essentials failed practical . taking it again friday . 
I feel like such a failure . Not just the A+ cert test ( Which I JUST barley failed ) but life in general . 
Just deleted all of Babara's contact information I had . I came to the realization that I couldn't move on unless it was gone . 
Sleep aludes me ... the bitch . 
I want Red Vines for some reason ... 
Interesting what the emotional response I got to the line " Love is having someone to help you dispose of the corpses " is . 
Drunk Again ! 
My parents are out of town . Anyone want to hang out tonight ? 
So my computer is no longer booting my 1.5 tb harddrive . 
America needs more voice actors . I'm getting tired of recognizing them in EVERYTHING . 
Late and cookies and cream ice cream ^_^ 
I did NOT take the exam today took a pretest last night and didn't feel I did as well as I should . THis is more or less my last chance . 
Yet ANOTHER Fast and Furious movie ?! The first one was decent 2 sucked donkey balls dipped in the essence of ass three was good four the best of them ... Will it be another 2 or a 3/4 ?! 
Two words ... well after these words anyway ; emotions suck . 
OK , first I score a 78% when I needed an 80% study more take a practice test score a fucking 72% when I need an 80% study more take another practice test . score a 68% when yes I NEEDED FUCKING 80 ! WHAT's WRONG WITH ME ! 
Anyone got sleeping pills ? 
I DON'T feel like shit ; shit feels like ME . 
Tell me , what good is an alarm clock when I'm still awake when it goes off to wake me ? 
I used a converter to turn an ebook into a PDF file well every now and then there are a few miss spellings . My favorite so far is Captain Toilet . 
I can't figure out what to eat 
FUCK . I'm finally tired enough to go to sleep I pass out except I made the mistake of doing so too early ( 9:30 abouts ) and woke up at 2 ! Just spent an hour tossing and turning on my bed with my eyes shut . Still going to be awake when my alarm clock goes off too ! 
YES ! Chrome FINALLY changed their input system so that you can use the fucking arrow keys to navigate ! Or the website I was trying it on did . either way no more relying on the mouse ! 
I'm now A+ certified ! Now to study for net+ 
Wow ... apparently the Asian guy from The Green Hornet WASN'T the Asian from Harold and Kumar . That's according to IMDB anyway . 
A game of thrones finally started ! Well yesterday but watching it now XD 
Colbert is awesome . No beyond awesome . He out geeked ME on LoTR trivia 0.0 
random bouts of depression ! 
So , THIS is why I haven't eaten at baskin robins in years ! XD 
My remote control disappeared 
I finally found my remote control 
My mom is a non technical manager at dell but she's learned a few things over the years . Such as she has all the RAID levels memorized and when to implement them if not HOW to . Yet she just asked me " Why can't I use an XP disk to fix a windows 7 install ? " 
I WANT TO GO TO CALIFORNIA DAMN IT ! 
I might have a job an enterprise level job at dell for server support ! 
my stomach is unhappy 
New conan movie and Arnold isn't in it ! 0.0 
Gentoo is a type of penguin ! 
Should I upgrade my laptop to windows 7 from xp ? 
My dad said with a serious expression and a rather bland voice " Use that drive to back up . It's only 4TB so use it sparingly . " I cracked up hard . XD 
0110100101101110011001000111010101100010011010010111010001100001011000100110110001111001 
I'm trying out the alpha version of the new bittorent , and I gotta say ; I like it ! 
Dark chocolate is WAY too sweet . I just ate a piece for the first time in years ! 
I just sneezed so loudly that my mom on the other side of the house yelled " god bless you " XD 
WTF ?! Topspin 4 ?! I haven't even played two yet and didn't know three was out ! 
I'm ashamed of men forgetting their anniversary ! They should celebrate the day they got their very own sandwich maker ! 
I'm in bed and the world is spinning . In the wrong direction . 
Fell down the stairs . My ass broke my fall . 
twisting knee hurts it ya know ... <- was posted on a wall by me in a group . Did it yesterday . Thought the groups wall was mine XD 
" Prescription-strength assault ! Side effects include joint pain , loss of mobility , and fainting . " 
I just found out my moms restraining order on my step mom covers contact with my moms family ... should I be a vindictive bastard ? 
I just scratched my ass ... it was weird . It scratched the itch hurt like hell and tickled all at the same time . 
Anyone know a good book on RAID ? I need to learn them inside and out for an interview . 
Seriously they rhymed Dragon and Bragging . 
http://i7.photobucket.com/albums/y273/nendil/40555025.jpg?t=1305877051 Not sure if you can see this from your phone but this is the girl I'm interested in right now ... Seriously Dan forgot about my Asian fetish XD 
Kaine 3ui > 9u 
I normally hate it when people post quotes but this one just struck a chord . 
Annie Dillard ~ 
" An Inuit hunter asked the local missionary priest : If I did not know about God and sin , would I go to hell ? No , said the priest , not if you did not know . Then why , asked the Inuit earnestly , did you tell me ? " 
Is Neil Patrick Harris A list or B list ? 
Something I found interesting ; Ryan Reynolds and Nathan Fillion both were on the show Two Guys a Girl , and a pizza place and the both played Hal Jordan ! 
Eliot can't see this post ! 
Getting a mandolin for my birthday ! I've been wanting one for years ! 
Mein Kampf manga ?! 0 . o 
