VBS was good ... the last day usually is ... 
There is a new penny with Lincoln on a log . Kinda weird . I like the orig . better . 
Is back . Six Flags was three-two-fun ! Hah . But yeah .... :) 
So we are back from camp yays . Met some amazing homies ! :) 
Let me take you down cus I'm going to strawberry fieldsss . Nothing is real . 
Ehh ... Why do I even bother ?..... 
I tend to not like the Fourth of July due to past occurrences , but today was surprisingly good . :) 
Is home finally haha . 
Boondock Saints is so good . Good thing I have two brothers with good movie choice . :) 
I might get to go see Never Shout Never next Monday . People should go tickets are cheapness . 
Deff . amazing lock in kidsss . Haha . I have a whole new opinion and outlook on the song Painkiller . Shanaah I'm really freaking tired ...... Lahh . :) 
I love thunder . :] 
Pool party-my house-eight o'clock [ Aquabats fest ] 
I love Blessthefall . And they are Christian for church goers hah . 
I think I would have died if today wasn't Friday . My teachers are nerds . 
Today sucked . :/ 
Ick I have to singing abilities . :/ 
I dont practice santeria . I aint got no crystal ball . I had a million dollars but I'd , I'd spend it all . 
Just ate a grape and I ... 
The hair is purple once again , a lot of people told me I should have kept the pink . :/ Today has been .... ugh-ish . 
Holy guacamole ! Weve got chips ! 
Chesss !!! half day . 
Today was hella dank . <3 
Whats up with everyone and playing FarmVille ? hahaha 
I'm in my room watching Disney VCRs on an old 12inch screen . Thats pretty legit . 
I had a surpiringly good after noon ! :] 
Happy Halloween ! :D This is my favorite holiday ever . :DDDD 
When theres no where else to run , is there room for one last sun ? 
I totally scaled a wall by the freeway for a picture lol . 
Best pick up line ever : " You look like my sister !! " 
I love trampolines ! :] 
Green beansss . Canned fruitt . Cream corn . All for youuu . <3 
Tonight was actually pretty cool . :) 
The cardnal mascot totally blew me a kiss because our hair matches haha . :] 
Thanks to all who went to Dance for Darfur . I hope choir was okay lol . Gah I'm so tired now . 
I figure I'm hyper since it took 20 minutes to walk to QT and after I get a slushie it takes 5 to walk back . :D 
Tonight I really support people to come to Dance for Darfur ! Its a really good cause and its only $5-6 and all the proceeds go to helping out Darfur . They need all the donations we can get . Please please come and have a good time . The performances may not be perfect but no one is going to do homework till 10 anyways so please come and show your support . :D Help stop the genocide . 
I <3 Sarahs roof . We had lunch up there lol . :] 
Accomplishment of the day : Saying " Mary Anne " Exactly the way the white rabbit does . :D 
First Friday was FUN but soooo colddd . :p 
Grr power out . 
Half days are amazing . So far I've done good in teh finals . :] 
I love pineapplesss ^^ 
Bleh I hate when friends change ... into something you don't know or want to know . 
I hate how I have like 150 friends on here and talk to like 3 . Hah . 
Merry Christmas and stuffs .. :] 
It all comes back to you you're gonna get what you deserve . Try and test that you're bound to get served . Love's what I got , don't start a riot . You feel it when the dance gets hot . :] 
I just watched a 3 hour movie called Meet Joe Black . It was somewhat awkward , but Brad Pitt was reallyyy attractive in it so I felt better aha . 
All I want for Christmas is youuuu !!.... And you and you and you and you .... 
Blehhh . 
Grrawwrrr . 
If anyone has me added on myspace then look at the new blog . :] 
I'm stressed outtt . :/ Maybe you don't know me ? Please stop criticizing the person I am even if you DON'T like it ..... 
Oh and I'm never eating butter again ... I still can feel it on my hands and can smell it .... Disgusting . 
I did not mean . To blow your mind . But that stuff * happens to me awl the timeeee . :) 
Cereal <3 
Its raininggg !!! :] 
Now Paul's line is going to be stuck in my head ... ( talking to David ) He says " I'll be your cowboy " :) 
im peeing 
She ;s a dime they say 
I feel special . :] 
Happy Valentines <3 
Hmm so I guess I'm 15 now lol . 
My late-birthday lunch with Linda was nice . We went to Wildflower and I got a parfait for the first time . (: 
" Today , a man I don't know came up to me and started screaming about how " all you ' darn ' Mexicans were stealing American's jobs " and he stormed off . I'm Native American , and I'm pretty sure we've been here longer . FML " Hahaha . 
I feel so naked without all my makeup on , and I look really bad haha . People at school said I look sad . 
Ave Marrrrriiaa . :D 
Well this place is old , feels just like a beat up truck . I turn the engine but the engine doesn't turn . 
I went black . 
Some guy said at First Friday that I look pregnant ..... And I really don't look like Juno , huh ? lol . Idk why everyone says that . 
The Neon Phenomenon was amazzzzingly fun . Though , the music was bahhddd . :] 
Went to the Sevendust concert <3 It was awesome but I got hit in the face soooo many times . And I felt dumb cus I slipped on the beer in the mosh pit and fell haha . 
I have some rope up here , but I do not think you would accept my help , since I am only waiting around to kill you . 
She listens like spring and she talks like June 
She was buzzin all over me , like she fell in love . 
I did a line of FunDip . Afterwards I was like " I feel like its gone to my brain making me happy " Haha . 
Just opened my 8th season of Smallville , this is gonna be sick . 
Sorry if I spammed anyone's pages ... I got bored and became a fan of like a million pages .... haha 
But see they don't know we know they know we know . :] 
I'm wearing so much pink today , its like obnoxious . :] 
Degrassi and a half asleep Lisa . Now gonna get candy . 
Dance for Darfur was amazing . (: 
And the outfits were all cutee . 
No , no number game . 
And what's the point of sending a number to be anonymous if you just comment on what they say 10 seconds later ? 
Anyways , had fun having a connect four fight earlier lawl . 
Once you party with us , youll be fallin in love oh ah oh ah oh 
Ahh convention todays . Choir is going to be good , hopefully lol . 
They call me Dr. Love . lol . 
Like my status , and I'll write you a letter . 
Dear______ , You have a cute___ . You make me_________ . You should 
be_________ . You & Me should___________ . I'd get your name tattooed 
on my ______ . You are ____________ . Love , __________ . (: lol . 
Sometimes I wonder if my life is like " The Truman Show " and they made that movie just to be ironic . 
Basically I spent 14 hours at the convention today , and I wasn't even staying there lol . I'm tired . 
Hmm like this anddd .... 
I'll post a memory that we had together on your wall . (: 
Home . 
Brad Pitt is like ... amazinggg in Troy :]]] 
I got my new-old glasses . Though I don't get why my mom is so angry about loosing the old ones since I PAID for the new ones . >.> 
I have the same birthday as Justin Beiber O.o 
Well I'm stupid . lol . 
Its hard walking with pants around your anckles . 
Is it bad that I'm kinda proud with getting a D on my Alg II final ? lulz . 
I pretty much liked anyones status that has anything to do with GLEE . But it was AHmazinggg . 
Choir concert tomorrowww . People should go haha . 
I'm so fucking annoyed with myself . 
Happy Christmas and all that good stuff . 
Lol my new default is silly . 
If you were a webcam ... where in my room would you be hiding ? 
Falling , yes I am falling and she keeps calling me back again . :] 
Rofl I love Glee . I wish our school had a Glee club . 
I ride the bus too much , I'm starting to recognize the same crazy people ... haha . 
Had fun getting lost on the bus with Lisa Fries and Sarah Hansen way out in Mayo or something . 
The game was fun , now I'm sitting here in boxers eating Pizza Rolls lmao life is good . 
Ahhh I love First Fridayy (: So much fun . I am really tired now haha . 
Rofl I need to remember I have church people on here and to not join groups that are " inappropriate " 
Look at me , look at me . Hands in the air like its good to be alivee . 
Bowling was fun , tiring but fun . And I was very dancey for some reason haha . 
Going to be a longgg day . 
Dinner was nice , made me feel really white though in comparison . lol . 
On the walk home I saw someone who looked exactly like Logan Echols from Veronica Mars lol . 
I wish I was British , it would make life so much better . I could say things like snogging and bloody hell and actually sound cool (: 
In the course of a life-time , what does it matter ? 
Ahh that was so longgg . I'm really tired now . But I think it was okay . Hope people liked our singing haha . :] 
Well I guess this is growin ' upp . ? 
On Jersey Shore when they all were trying to get the ball to " have fun again " , haha that was so cute . 
Getting slizzared aha . 
I can't stop laughing today , it's crazy . 
Mm I'm freezingg . 
Smallest VBS everrr . But the sailor hats are cute (: 
DUDE I just saw Mr. Rhymes on the TV . He was doing a commercial haha . I'm kind of overexited about this . 
My hair is so boring lately , I needa dye it D: Then again its kind of dead but whatevah haha . 
Watching Donnie Darko (: 
At the DMV there were 3 15-16 large girls , they were loudly talking about weed and piercings in weird places , one of them had a son that was at least 2 . I'm worried for the future . 
I hate the little diamonds you get imprinted on your skin from wearing fishnets . 
I'm officially a loser ; my brother goes out more than me . lulz . 
* I go wake up my mom by shaking her * 
My mom : " Oh you want hot chocolate ? " 
Me : " No .. its four in the afternoon . " 
My mom : " Dang it I was just eating ice cream ... " 
Me : " Wait , what ? " 
It was so gangster riding Sarah Hansen's mom's tricicle to Circle K with Lisa Fries ridin in the basket behind me . (: 
I had a really good day <3 but I kept getting called a fucking nerddd . haha . 
Chef Ramsey stresses me out when I watch Hell's Kitchen haha . 
So when we were at the fair today , I was falling asleep waiting for my friends to get off a ride and some lady sat next to me with her kid and was like " Wow , are you okay ? You look messeddd up . " Lol other than a million headaches , my Halloween was great . 
" Faith is not something to grasp , it is a state to grow into . " 
I'm feeling burnt out . 
Lisa Fries was talking shit about Asian and Irish people . : c 
So I had to put her laptop and cat in the trash . 
Going on an on foot adventure . 
Flagstaff today (: 
Linda made my day today haha . :] Too bad she doesn't have a facebooky . :/ 
Apparently the average person lies 3 times in 10 minutes of talking . 
My blonde moment for the day : I poured soda onto a cup with a lid on . 
Going to school with an hour of sleep .. awesome . :| 
I'm trying to enjoy the little things instead of letting insignificant things bother me . 
I got a book at the library called Wide Awake : A Guide to Buddhism for teens . I think it sounds interesting haha . And the first day of school went okay . lol . 
' I Love You , Man ' is pretty funny . 
I'm home . I miss the weather of California . The mission trip was overall good . 
I feel really stressed out -_- 
* Walking through the mall and see a tall white guy and short Asian girl * 
Lisa Fries : " Hey look its Chris Delarm and Maria ! " 
Grandma : " So does your mom make a lot of Chinese food ? " Lisa Fries : " I thought you were Asian " Me : " I am . " Lisa Fries : " Wait , are you Chinese or Asian ?? " 
? You tell me its the institution , well you know you better free your mind insteaddd . 
I do an awesome rain dance . :p 
I can't believee we lost our homecoming game , as anyone knows who was in a 20ft radius of me I was pissed lol , and someone threw gum into my clothes , disgusting . >.> 
Almost went the first three weeks of school without falling asleep in class . But the 10 minute nap in Biology was totally worth breaking that lol . 
Today was awesome . (: 
While I was waiting for a friend at the park-who didn't show up- I was sitting on a bench , apparently half in the sun half in the shade since only half of me is sunburned . :| 
I saw a teacher from Squaw Peak just now while in the car , like one of those ladies from the welcome center . I guess she knew me too cus she yelled my name O.o 
Homecoming was SOOO much fun . Everyone's true beast comes out on the dance floor lmao . 
Holy crap . I just looked up the sunglasses that my mom just found and gave to me to see how much they are worth , its $120 for a new pair .... O : 
I ate an entire pizza plus one slice from Lisa then a large bowl of Captain Crunch and a taco . I have intense munchies . 
Walked home in the rain with Lisa Fries , life doesn't get much better than that . 
Oh and I got stuck in a baby swing at the park haha . 
“People are like stained-glass windows . They sparkle and shine when the sun is out , but when the darkness sets in , their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light from within . ” 
Today I sprayed my eyeshadow glitter all over my friends . And when Lis and I were at the bus stop some guy came up to us all close and this other guy saw him and threatened to " put " him with his golf club O: 
Me : " I'm watching this video of a dog opening a freezer and like eating everything in it . " 
My mom : " I wouldn't want that dog . You know what I would do if I had that dog ?... cook him . Put him in my oven . " 
My hiccups sound like a dying dog 
I can't say that was unexpected , but it still was a hard blow . 
Aww Lisa Fries so pwetty she got so many options (: 
I'm watching American History X . I prolly won't see Glee so DON'T ruin it for meh . 
First Friday was good . We saw some vegan video , it made me feel like a horrible person . 
1 . Guys make the stupidest choices and don't think of whats going to happen because of them . 2 . Winston Purkiss sings Queen better than anyone I know . 3 . It was amusing scaring freshman in my bloody mess-ness . 
Watching Dexterrr (: 
Old people kinda depress me lol . 
Ahh ! The webcam works . (: 
Its been a crappy Saturday , but at least I make an awesome fairy . :D 
Too bad I don't have a picture of me being one . I got third in a little kid costume contest aha . 
Today was awesome minus getting sick 
This is a long morning ahhh ! Lol 
Apparently Afroman Maine has a fetish for only my feet hahaha . Today was so random . 
For only have had an hour of sleep I have been in a super good and awake mood awl day ! (: 
I'm incredibly jealous of anyone going to the premiere tonight . :[ 
I'll just be at home wishing I was there D; 
If you have my myspacee added , check out my bulletin lol . Its just a picture . 
Fucking raspberry alcohol mixed with other shit hahahaha I'm so wastedddd broo talk to uss ( me and Lisa * 
I was walking around outside , so naturally I now look like a fluffy cat that was left in the rain . lol . 
Last night- hella dank shit . 
Black Friday was like fun , I got Smallville seasons . I'm really tired now . 
A guy on the bus asked me if I was wearing all black because I was getting high ... does that even make sense ? haha . 
I want you to come online and talk to me so I know you are okay . I hate worrying . :| 
To the people at my ghetto laundry mat , 
If you need a dolly to carry your laundry , you need to do it more often lmao . 
Kthxbai . 
Last night I had a dream that I dyed my hair this beastly reddish brown and somehow my bangs were streaked the Gryffindor's colors . :D 
I'm generally probably the happiest I've been in a long time . 
Why do I always act fucking stupid on shit ? lmao . So annoying . 
New year , new day , same old shit . 
Had a really good day with Chris and I got to see Harry Potter with him (: 
So tell me what you want to hear . 
I have a fever D: haha . 
Driving is scarehh , even when going 10 mph >.< 
I'm off to get something magically delicious from QT (: 
Watching the nightmare before christmas at lisalees 
Saw Harry Potter finally , it was really good (: 
http://www.facebook.com/pages/100-Cool-Things-About-Being-A-Guy/243474020921?v=wall 
This made me laugh . 
Mm I just had yummy Chipotle , was it worth having my parents making a big scene in the restaurant ? Not really . 
Come with mee and you'll be in a world of pure imaginationn . 
I don't care if the Earth tilted , I'm still a Pisces . :( Aquarius is just a guy pouring water . 
In my biology class , my teacher said I looked bored out of my mind and I agreed that I was . Then she said she would let me play with one of the lighters haha . But she never did . :( 
I don't like waiting around for things that aren't going to end up happening . :/ 
My nose hurtsies . But at least its not broken haha :] 
