i am desperately looking forward to going home next week . seeing jada and the kids , sleeping in my own bed , and ... maybe some chocolate mint stuff . 
new mexico is hot tomorrow i'll be in texas i can't picture it cooling off a whole lot 
the last two nights have been heaven . york nebraska was the first place i have slept with a blanket in weeks and last night in salt lake city there was thunder and lightning . 
whats on my mind ? lets see . it contains the letters X S and E it an be very hot and makes me sweaty . hint it is not spandex , exercise , or taxes . ifn you're like me the first thing that popped into your head was tEXaS and if that is what you thought you were right . i swear oklahoma means hotter than hell in some cherokee dialect . it was over 100 there yesterday with 60% humidity . so fsr cooler here in missouri yay 
the first law of location states that : no matter where you end up , thats where you are . the second law of location states that : no matter where you are , if it its not where you want to be , it sucks . right now houston sucks . 
i work hard long hours driving trucks to pay the bills , however my living is made by collecting thoughts of you and cherishing your love . 
my wife , my kids , friends , love , kindness , the scent of fresh rain in the desert , honor , valiance , Truth , benovelance , the dancing flickers of light as the sun teases the horizon , pleasure , anticipation , dreams , the infectious laughter of children , eachother , understanding , compassion , and the enigmatic jest of the existence of thought , these are but a few of the wonderous gifts from God that i am thankful for today 
i am trying to think but nothing is happening 
jada wants me to get a completely subdermal frenum ladder . for those of you who don't know what that is it is little metal rings that go around the shaft of the penis and acts like a ribbed condom minus the latex . if i get this i wouldn't be able to take it out without minor surgery ... but sounds kinda fun ... and it doen't actually pierce anything but the skin . what do you all think ? 
once upon a time there was a little cat who wandered too close to the freeway . the end 
i had an epiphany today . children are a pain in the ass . no really , read genisis 1 . in the beginning god made a bunch of stuff . after the heavens and earth , god didn't take a break . not after the birds and plants or even the sun and moon . but after 24 hours of having one kid he had to take the next day off . 
CLEAVAGE !!! 
CLEAVAGE !!!!! 
dont look at the gray hairs they lie 
well yesterday while i was in philidelphia i ate a colorado omelet for breakfast and now that i am in baltimore i had a philly cheesesteak sandwich for dinner . maybe if i get out to texas i can have some new england clam chowder . 
pondering weatheror not time and space are warped in minneapolis . yesterday we asked someone where thenearest restraunt was and they said there was a burgerking 3 blocks away . my student set out . several hours later he returned , not happy , the bk was several miles away not 3blocks . so today we ordered chinese they said half an hour . been 3 1/2 still waiting called them again said it was coming . 
I once cried because i had no shoes , then i met a man with no feet . 
dont order green chicken enchiladas ... i did ... the sauce wasn't green . 
romance movies are like pizza , it can have almost anything in it , but still its mostly just cheesy . 
sometimes bad little monkeys just need to be spanked 
when my mind begins to become a jumbled mess , i have to slow down , take a deep breath and think to myself , " how many ways can the letters x s and e possibly go together ? " 
pork rhinds .... why the hell do they make them and how the hell do the companies stay in business 
eating dessert 
has a thought : love is like diarrhea : you're not sure you're gonna make it , but you're always glad you did ... 
So I have the urge to shave my legs . Why , you ask . Simple , I was walking down the street , in Fort Worth Texas , a man pulled over and propositioned me !!! I wasn't even wearing my favorite heels . 
penisland.org based on the name alone would you let your children go to this website ??? what were they thinking lol . 
i think we should change the you might be a redneck if ... to you might be a pervert if ... so ... if you ever been taken to court for a paternity test by sheep , you might be a pervert . 
Do I really have to get out of bed ? 
i think we should invent a new sport . its calld hug-of-war . the idea is to see who can hug the longest . 
penguines in a bubble bath singing twinkle twinkle little star 
i think we need to petition to have a national fast food workers appreciation day 
thinks being home is more satisfying than sneezing . 
Everyone should thank God they are not God for at least 1 reason . My first reason is that we have light . I think i would have started with women and then got distracted . 
cheese the other white meat 
i have come to the conclusion god was a chick . if you look at mans house who lives alone(when he isn't expecting company ) and a womans house who also lives alone . overwhelmingly , the mans house will be overrun with clutter , while the womans house will be neat and orderly . if you look at how neat and orderly everthing in the universe fits together , do you really think a man could have done that ? 
i met an amazing man yesterday . his name was steve . he had 3 anuerisms in his brain and left him pretty much a vegetable . his wife never gave up on him they worked hard and brought him back . he has severe short term memory loss but still has very high functionability . 
if you observe a sad smurf would you still say , " gee he looks blue " 
i love my job ... i love my job ... i love my job ... * sigh * i don't think repeatedly telling a blatant lie to my self is working 
started my semi new job today ... hopefully i will be getting home a little more than once a month or so :) 
I am in a little town , Otay Mesa California , its on the mexican border , pretty sure this is where Buckwheat was born . 
, my brain is on vacation so pretend that this message is something that is witty and makes you laugh 
confucious say : beware of bald man in hair net 
chocolate syrup 
i wonder if chickens ever use hair when they want to be kinky 
this unintelligent rooster vacuum told me that synonyms don't always get the point across . what does he know . 
Invictus is latin it means inincible . there has been many songs , groups , plays , nicknames etc ... with the word invictus in it . My favorite of all of them was the poem by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow . I'll see if I can remember all of it in the comments . 
can i get a list of good double entendres 
OMG !!! I have mixed feelings here , I am getting old and no one will let me forget , and , i am so blessed that no one will let me forget how old i am . 
i believe the world is flat 
when you are feeling hurt , angry , and frusterated , always remember to do unexpectedly nice and thoughtful for someone who needs it . it will always make you feel better as well . 
recent studies have shown that 9 out of 10 people who read this post are absolutely AWESOME !!! 
what is the difference between red and blue ? the question is odd but if you ask different people you would get different answers . ie . someone from an inner city might say the difference between red and blue is wich group is shooting at you . ask Neo and he might say the difference is either satying in wonderland or getting a good nights sleep . 
twitterpated 
i'm trying to think but nothing's happening 
I may need a psychological evaluation . I had a freaking nightmare last night , I was stuck in tubby land , eating tubby custard , watching the noo-noo clean up messes , and those fat ugly things saying , " uh oh , big hugs . " 
margaritaville ... i know it can't be too much farther 
i think that they should make it a law where bills should be printed on softer paper so everyone has something to wipe with during rough times . 
I am an actor on a sitcom , and only God watches every episode . 
bologna 
I wonder how many children in the U.S. throw up the day after halloween . 
my brain is like a sponge , its full of holes , leaks everywhere , and never keeps anything in it for long . 
if anyone out there wins the lottery will you please adopt me 
I've got sunshine on this rainy day :) 
did the little pig really go wee wee wee all the way home 
my brain is a junk yard and there is no telling what you will find inside 
i had a great " bimbo " sandwich for breakfast ... will post pictures later . 
once upon a time there was a little monkey who loved to frolic every day . Until his mischieviousness started getting him and his master in trouble . He began getting beaten more and more often . Now he rarely is let out , and most days can only look forward to being spanked . 
i completed a very important run this morning . it was critical that it was delivered by 8am , and i pulled in at 7:49 . i dragged my cargo half way across the country . along the way i endured many adverse condions such as ; icy roads , blizzard conditions , -20 temps , horrid passes , etc ... i perservered , and now you all can rest assured that your local market will be well stocked with beer . 
I'm thinking about starting a support group called STD's for life ( super truck drivers ) . i think it will spread , do you ? 
i bought a powerball ticket . if i win , i wonder if they would understand if i called in sick tomorrow . 
most people would be pissed if they were stuck because of an avalanche . Me , i feel blessed , i was suppose to leave a couple hours before i did , and had i , there is a good chance that i would have been in it instead of stuck behind it . 
i think life would have been easier if my mom would have hooked up with bill gates in the 70's 
for the last couple week i have been trudging through some pretty severe northern weather . i finally got a load going to sunny california YAY ... i got here yesterday and it has been pouring rain ever since :( i feel like daffy duck with the clouds following him . 
finally , on my way home ... its been way too long , i think almost 7 weeks this time out 
I often think of my friends . Like Kim who is such a Kind Intelligent Mother , and Dave who has recently Discovered Adult Virtual Eroticism , and Shannon who is always Smiling Happily About Naked , Naughty , Or Nasty things . But today I am missing my sweetheart who will be my Joy And Dreams Always . 
everyone should smile because God loves a sinner ... i do too :) 
upon pondering poderations of epic proportions i came to the conclusion that some blockbuster movie titles would have been better x rated move titles . for example ; Deep Impact , The Fast and the Furious , and ( of course ) X-Men . Can you think of any more , i could use a good laugh . 
after driving through dallas yesterday with all the construction and wrecks and people driving like jerks i decided i was going to add a new contraction to my vocabulary . F'all short for fuck you all . 
spam will never make my top ten favorite food list 
here is a poem we wrote earlier today while talking amongst ourself 
SAD NEWS - Please join me in remembering YET ANOTHER great icon of the entertainment community . The Pillsbury Dough Boy died yesterday of a yeast infection and trauma complications from repeated pokes to the belly . He was 71 . Dough Boy is survived by his wife Play Dough , three children , John Dough , Jane Dough , and Dosey Dough , plus they had one in the Oven . Services were held at 3:50 for about 20 minutes 
what are some good products and slogans for the name of a penis ? for example : Snickers- it satisfies , Skittles- taste the rainbow , or Secret- strong enough for a man but made for a woman . 
i need a list of ways you can tell you are getting old ... mainly because its 6pm and i am heading to bed ... goodnight all 
never fight with a couch in the rain 
i was thinking that " ding dong the witch is dead " that song from the wizard of oz , might be inappropriate to play at someones funeral . 
so my to is all purple and black , diagnosis : TOElio . the pain is raidiating all the way up my to my knee , and i am praying that i don't get KNEEsles . i guess at this point i should be counting my blessing in that i have already had SMALL COX . 
i need a long vacation ... any well off people out there of the female persuasion willing to be my sugar momma , and that doesn't mind the fact that i am married ? 
watch out for the pink flamingo and his long legs 
if ever i was to find myself home alone , and i accidently burnt my nipple , i don't think i would ever tell anyone , because i am not sure i would want to explain how it happened ... just saying ... IF it ever happened . 
" p " words lots and lots of " p " words . i wrote a kids poem with 159 words in it 85 of wich start with p . going to have cyan illustrate it for gabbys bithday . cyan want to have it published ... who knows :) 
i live in a relatively little place . everyone is different , and difference causes conflict . it also creates diversity . difference makes us strong . it is this difference that , makes me confident , that no problem is to great for us to overcome . i would gladly help any of my roommates in need , if i could , and have faith that the kindness would be returned . it is this faith that make me proud to call earth my home . 
i want to make a web page called " who responds ? " . it will be whoresponds.com.it will be an opinion based Q&A page that we can dedicate to hookers and little puddles of water . ( why hookers and puddles of water you ask ... look at whoresponds.com a little closer ) 
so last night after listening to a bunch of metal i think my darkhalf stayed awake after i went to bed . this song called " my troubled mind " magically wrote itself and has a very catchy , distinctly metal beat to it , i decided to write it down because it's been stuck in my head all day . 
i jut realized that i never posted " My Troubled Mind " yeterday lol . 
pondering pros cand cons . and with con being the opposite of pro , was thinking about the opposite of progress . is there any wonder or country is dysfunctional . 
ding dong the dick is dead 
for all the dirty diapers , vomiting kids , wet beds , scraped knees , broken bones , calls from the school , dirty laundry , obnoxious friends of your kids , etc .. etc .. all moms get to share a day of thaks ... personally i think you get shafted but thank you anyway :) and i hope ally you mothers out there enjoy your day 
i was in line to buy a couple jalepeno hotdogs and rockstar at about 9 am . the woman at the register had been been joking with all the customers before me , and when i got to the register i was no exception . she said " breakfast of champions i see " to wich i replied " no , its what all great lovers eat for breakfast . didn't you know that ? " needless to say she turned red and busted up laughing 
poly means many right ... and tics are little blood suckers right ... hmmm wonder how they came up with the word for politics 
i once heard a poets song . 
lolli-pops are better than men because ... 
alcohol is a depressant right ... why do they call it happy hour then ? 
so i have been waiting for a load all day . i decided to test murphys law . i went into subway sat down to eat and bam i have a load . so i wrap my sandwich up rushed off to pick up the load . i get here and am told that my load wont be here to pick up for another 4 hours ... i hate you murphy 
i feel like complaining but don't have the energy 
969,696,989 another big prime number loaded with 6's and 9's where you get 8 at some point ( my previous favorite was a palindrome 96869 ) 
696,969,697 don't quite get 8 at the end of this prime ... must have been an interruption ( seriously need a different hobby last night while i was doing some research online i came across a spiral graph that i have been working on for the last couple years and it was printed on the cover of a magazin in 1964 ... wish i would have know before i started this obviously not original train of thought ) 
once upon another time 
when i finally found my mind 
with torrents of sunlight 
caresing my soul 
and the shaded paths 
of a shattered past 
all turning gold 
and the music flies 
with angelic cries 
and the trump tames the hounds of hell 
and for seven years 
there is mortal fears 
in all manners of plague and plight 
but if , before that day , 
you learn to pray 
i promise it will end all right 
you ever get irritated at someone who just won't shut up , and then you realize you've been talking to yourself 
i was going down a one lane , one way road today , and i passed a sign that said , ' right lane closed ahead , ' was i wrong to panic ? 
my momma always told me sex was like a box of chocolates , when it gets all heated up , it makes a sticky mess ( it's hard to do a forest gump impression in text ) 
getting a crash coure in creative C.P.R. ( computer problem removal ) my partition for recovery has been deleted , and it was impossible to open any program . including thing like task manager and system recovery tools . i started in safe and got restore to work hoping i can root out the virus b4 it strikes again 
we should start a national cookie day , because everyone deserves cookies at least once a year . 
infinite curls , blacker than midnight , flowed to the knees in a meticulously choreographed dance . the eyes were flawless globes of polishes lapis lazuli . lips were naturally the color of overly ripened strawberries . flawless skin , shaded in tones more fair than milk . " may i help you came the question " i blinked in that awkward moment of confusion and comprehension . 
i would wish upon no mortal soul to suffer that of a poets heart 
if it weren't for the necessity of finding a restroom i don't think i could conjure the motivation to actualy do anything today 
two penguines were in a bathtub one says " will you pass the soap ? " the other says " what , do i look like a toaster ? " 
if you could write your own epitaph what would it say ? would it be funny , poetic , sad , or something ele ? i kicked around alot of ideas and decided something poetic would be best for me . no name no born on _ died on _ just the following script : Here lies a man whos life was colored in the shades of passion and his name is written on the wind . 

close 2ond was : if you can read this you are standing on my grave 
well i had a VD , hope it is cured now , and can play again ... ( vd = virus downloaded ) 
so my VD is definately cured however i seem to be suffering from general ED . so not much play for me ... btw ED = electronics dysfunction 
there once was a man named david 
who really liked to shave it 
but upon his sack 
he did go whack 
and there was nothing they could do to save it 
a poem for jeanie who thinks there is such a thing as too raw to publish 
i think my power animal is a banana fish 
things i have learned 
1 ) clean towels are nice to have 
2 ) picky people suck 
3 ) the world is flat 
4 ) time and gravity work longer hours than i do 
5 ) there is only 1 Jada Rogers , and i wouldn't trade her for the world 

p.s. don't argue #3 until you have looked at the box 
i was talking with my brother the other day and have confirmed that my typical area of confinement is aboput half the size of a prison cell . and he gets to spend a comparable amount of time outside his cell as i do most days . SOOOOO if you have a choice between a life of crime and truck driving , take crime , the prison cells are more luxurious . 
What is time ? i mean really can you describe to me time without using synonyms for way to measure it ? ie . a period , moment , second minute hour etc ... even things like an observance is not accurate because there does not have to be an observer on mars for time to pass there . so what is it ? 
my delivery tomorrow is at 12 noon ... 9/10/11 at 12 i should ask joe if this is some sort of portent about the return of elvis 
i am looking very much forward to being home next weekend i haven't been home in so long i hope my kids remember me :) 
Just thought I'd pass on some totally useless , yet amusing trivia about critters : A pig's orgasm lasts 30 minutes . ( O.M.G. !!! ) A cockroach will live nine days without its head before it starves to death . ( Creepy . I'm still not over the pig . ) The male praying mantis cannot copulate while its head is attached to its body . The female initiates sex by ripping the male's head off . ( Honey , I'm home . What the ...? ) The flea can jump 350 times its body length . It's like a human jumping the length of a football field . ( 30 minutes . Lucky pig ! Can you imagine ? ) The catfish has over 27,000 taste buds . ( What could be so tasty on the bottom of a pond ? ) Some lions mate over 50 times a day . ( I still can't believe that pig ... quality over quantity . ) Butterflies taste with their feet . ( Something I always wanted to know . ) Elephants are the only animals that cannot jump . ( Okay , so that would be a good thing . ) A cat's urine glows under a black light . ( I wonder how much the government paid to figure that out . ) An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain . ( I know some people like that . ) Starfish have no brains . ( I know some people like that , too . ) Polar bears are left-handed . ( Talk about a southpaw . ) Humans and dolphins are the only species that have sex for pleasure . ( What about that pig ? Do the dolphins know about the pig ? ) Now that you've smiled at least once , it's your turn to spread these crazy facts . ( and God love that pig ) 
