:D 
" Get wasted on love , get wasted on life , get wasted on anything that's right . " Best . Theme song . Ever . 
I was born in the arms of imaginary friends . 
Free to roam , made a home 
out of everywhere I've been 
homework , more homework , then Harry Potter later with Holly K Dodge ! So excited I can't wait to see it ! :) 
is in Band final where we do nothing the whole time ! :) 
Keep drinking coffee , stare me down across the table 
While I look outside 
So many things I'd say if only I were able 
But I just keep quite and count the cars that pass by .... 

So let me thank you for your time 
And try not to waste any more of mine 
Get out of here fast 
I hate to break it to you babe 
But I'm not drowning .... 
You've got the talking down 
Just not the listening . 
Somewhere , Christina Aguleira is probably thinking " The National Anthem is a dumb song , anyway .... " 
Don't waste your time , no friend of mine , untill you love me just the way I am . <3 A good song . 
wants to know why my dog Lily insists on eating things that aren't edible , such as pieces of rope . Why , Lily ? Why ? You'd think by now she'd realize eating rope makes her throw up , but nooooo , she likes it because it's chewy .... * eye roll * 
I'm gonna go out foraging 
When i come back , I'll show you what I've seen 
I just know we can't stay here 
The cobwebs are getting everywhere . 
mahhhh 
just got back from my last day at Grossman Camp as a C.I.T. in Arts and Crafts . I miss all my camp friends already ! :( 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YIfcUHG_dvA&feature=player_embedded 
Driver's Ed tomorrow <3 
Stop and stare . I think I'm moving but I go nowhere . Yeah , I know that everyone gets scared . But I've become what I can't be , oh . 
Stop and stare . You start to wonder why you're here not there . And you'd give anything to get what's fair . But fair ain't what you really need . Oh , can you see what I see ? 
I swam in the rain yesterday . So fu ! :) 
eh , fuck it . :/ 
What do you do when your life's a disaster , and time's moving faster , and it's getting harder to breath ? What do you say when someone is right but , you disagree , even if it's the tru-uuth ? 
" No war is holy " -- James Carroll 
chillin and listening to Metrostation <3 
A tired song is playing on a tired Radio , and I won't tell no one your name .... Now we're grown up orphans who never knew our names , and we won't tell no one that's a shame ... Don't it make you sad to know that life , is more than who we are ? 
Midterms tomorrow . 
Black birds singing in the dead of night , take these broken wings and learn to fly 
all your life , you were only waiting for this moment to arise 
the dawn is breaking , and it's no surprise , the landscape looks like nothing I've ever dreamed ,... the air is clearing , and it's becoming increasingly obvious , that i never belonged here , anyways 
doing homework and stuff , then going over to Harley's later :) 
" A human being is part of the whole called by us universe , a part 
limited in time and space . We experience ourselves , our thoughts and 
feelings as something separate from the rest . A kind of optical delusion 
of consciousness . This delusion is a kind of prison for us , restricting 
us to our personal desires and to affection for a few persons nearest 
to us . continued ... ( stupid facebook's character limit ... ) 
<3 John Mayer ! 
SCHOOL IS OUT FOR THE SUMMER !!!! Yes . :) <3 :) <3 
* fun 
PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE 
RATE YOU : 1 = crazy , 2 = I'd marryyou , 3 = talkative , 4 = sarcastic 
, 5 = I miss you , 6 = I'd kissyou , 7 = moody , 8 = smart , 9 = 
energetic , 10 = spoiled , 11 = random , 12 = hot , 13 = funny , 14 = 
fit , 15 = amazing , 16 = tough , 17 = cute , 18 = beautiful , 19 = 
freak , 20 = I love youu ? 
just watched " The Gods Must Be Crazy " with my family . It was soooo good , my new favorite movie , possibly !!!!! It's an 80 ' hit , a cultural movie , and apparantly the most popular movie to ever come out of Africa . :) :) :) :) :) <3 <333333 
You don't have to lie to me again , you don't have to try to be my friend , you don't have to tell me that you're better off alone , so don't ... and it's not easy , but nothing ever is , and it's not my mission to make this any worse , but I've tried every trick that I could find , and it still hurts ... <3 
Just chilling and listening to music-mostly the Goo Goo Dolls ( <3 their name ) . I <3 finals week , no home work except studying a little ! 
Tell me - did you sail across the sun ? Did you make it to the Milky Way to see the lights all faded ? And that heaven is overrated ? Tell me - did you fall for a shooting star ? One without a perminant scar ? And did you miss me while you were looking for yourself out there ? 
" imperfection is beauty , madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring . " 
Fireworks in Walpole later ! :) Went to fair in Franklin earlier with Ben <3 , then with Gabriella and Shannon . :) Overall , today is a great day . 
The snow is soo beautiful !! :) 
just got back from camp Grossman C.I.T. overnight 5-6 hours ago . <3 been napping most of that time . :) 
going to the Grossman C.I.T. overnight tommarow ! Can't wait for the dance ! :) 
This world will never be what I expected , and if I don't belong , who would've guessed it ? I will not leave alone everything that I own , to make you feel like it's not too late , it's never too late . <3 
Poke me if you ever had a crush on me . Like this status if you think I'm agood friend . Message me if you have ever wanted to ask me something . Comment on this if we have good memories . Now lets see who is braveenough to copy and paste this on their status . 
just got back from Ohio . It's good to be home . <3 
This is cancer awareness month . In memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who has lost their battle with cancer ? and in honor of those who continue to conquer ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy & paste . I was proud to . Will you ? 
Got a letter from Camp Grossman =) 
just got back from C.I.T. camp overnight . :) We went to Canobe Lake Park , and met some hot German guys there . ;) Tie-Die tomarrow ! :) 
What ever tomorrow brings I'll be there , with open arms and open eyes . 
I'm going to see how long I can hold up against the new profile before facebook makes me change it ... who's with me ? :D 
I just worked in Arts and Crafts as a C.I.T. for the first time today . It was fun and interesting , I liked it a lot . I saw " Despicable Me " yesterday night , it was funny . :) 
Degrassi the Boiling Point blows my mind 
I want to be an astronaught and get high ! Break the barrier of sound into the sky . Just want to be free from the confinds of gravity . <3 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UMJk4Edm8rU&feature=related 
A great song . It's so deep and insightful , I love it . <3 
Going to Ohio to see relatives tomorrow , leaving in the early morning , won't be back for like eight days 
" An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind . " -Gaundi ( I heard it on Degrassi , though . <3 Degrassi ! ) 
Tomorrow , Oct . 20 , 2010 , I will be wearing purple in rememberance of the teens who took their lives due to intolerance and bullying over their sexuality . Purple represents Spirit on the LGBTQ flag . You don't have to be lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgendered , or even questioning your sexuality ; wear purple in support of those who are . On Oct . 20th help raise awareness of this serious issue ! 
Loving is what I got . I said remember that . <3 
The weather is so beautiful . All of the tree leaves and trigs and the bushes are encased in a thin layer of ice , it's so gorgeous ! <3 
is spending the afternoon in Boston with the fam , plus meeting my aunt Jeanie there . ? 
3.14159 ( haha , math related humor ): I don't know you all that well , but you seem very nice , and I like that you share my opinion on wall-mart . =] I hope college is going well for you , and I enjoyed being in marching band with you back when I was in 8th grade and you were in 12th . <3 
I saw this and thought sure , why not : For 
24 hours you can ask me ONE question [ only in my inbox ] I will answer 
it no matter what . You have my full honesty . I dare you to put this in 
your status and see what people ask you ! " 
Inbox only : 2010 is almost over . Inbox me one thing ( or more if I'd like ) that you could not , or were not able to say to my face this year . It stays between us two and I wont judge . Repost this and see who surprises you ! 
" The opposite of war is not peace , it is creation . " --" Rent " the movie <333 
Type your name : Rachel Geiger 
With your elbow : rachel Gdekigedr 
With your nose : Rachel giger 
With your eyes closed : Ravhel Geiger 
Put this as your status : Don't erase your mistakes . 
I like it on the chair by the kitchen table . 
No school tomorrow !!!!!! :) Anyone wanna make plans ?? If so comment , message me , or text . Just contact me somehow . :) 
I am loving this snow ! <3 
Midterms are finally over . :) 
and I don't want the world to see me ( but I do ... ) 
because I don't think that they'd understand ( I wish they would ... ) 
When everything's meant to be broken ( and it is ... ) 
I just want you to know who I am ( I want to know who you are , too ) 
" Dogs are the leaders of the planet . dog shits , human cleans it up . you tell me who is in charge ? " ..... lolz 
1 of every 10 people born is gay . That means 1 of every 10 people is instantly put down , given bad labels , left alone , put in a minority , and so much else , all for something they didn't ask for . Many gay teens are going to suicide as a way of escaping . If you want to tell them life will get better and you respect them for who they are , copy and paste this 
I just want to be happy . 
BROTHER WEEK . If you have a brother who has made you laugh , tortured you , stuck-up for you , drove you crazy , hugged you , watch you succeed , saw you fail , picked you back up , cheered you on , made you strong , & you cant do without , copy and paste this to your wall . 
<3 Elijah 
I have seen at least three or four posts of people saying " I like it on the bed/desk/in the closet/on the floor/ect .. " Would someone please tell me what this is a reference to ? I'm so confused . 
111111 I also miss you and can't wait to work with you at Grossman this summer ! You are an awesome friend and I love our little talks at Grossman . I wonder if our little plaque is still hanging up at A & C . xD <3 
Special needs children are not sick or gross . They only want what we all want : to be accepted . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it as your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education Week , and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way . ? 
I just found out it would be John Lennon's birthday if he was alive ! <3 
Little Lion Man .... And it was not your fault but mine . And it was your heart on the line . I really fucked it up this time , didn't I my dear ? 
Most people have 1000 wishes for Christmas ; a cancer patient only has one , to get better . I know 97% of you wont repost this to your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who has died , or is still fighting , or survived cancer , copy this to your status . 
Please put this as your status if you know or are related to someone who was killed in Hogwarts when it was under siege by the Death Eaters during The Second Wizarding War . The Order brings unity , but the Death Eaters continue to foster division and hatred . 57 citizens died in the ... terrorist attack against Hogwarts . 93% of people won't repost this . Repost to show your support of Dumbledore's Army . 
today is gonna be the day when they throw it all back to you 
and by now you should have somehow realized what you gotta do 
and I don't believe that anybody feels the way I do about you now 
Life is like a watermelon , eat it and it bleeds , eat it and it bleeds , eat it and it bleeds ... lol , i just randomly remembered this . Ariel Hathaway 
idk what cartoon from my childhood I should put up to fight child abuse ... suggestions ? homework now , Harley Rose Egerton's house later with John Marino Montagno , then pops concert . :D 
Thank you everyone for all the wonderful birthday wishes !!! <3 
And all of our parents , they're getting older . I wonder if they've 
wished for anything better , while in their memories , tiny 
tragedies .... They love to tell you stay inside the lines . Well 
something's better on the other side .... I wanna run through the halls of 
my high school . I wanna scream at the 
top of my lungs . I just found out there's no such thing as the real 
world , just a lie you've got to overcome . 
Like this if you think I should make my dog a face book page . 
is an official staff member at Camp Grossman for the summer of 2011 !!! :) :) 
The dawn is breaking , the light shinning through . I'm barely waking , and I'm tangled up in you . 
Even the best fall down sometimes . Even the wrong words seem to rhyme . Out of the doubt that fills my mind , I finely find , you and I collide . 
Of 
every 10 people born 1 is gay . That means 1 of every 10 people is 
instantly put down , given bad labels , left alone , put in a minority and 
much more , all for something they didn't ask for . Many gay teens commit 
suicide as a way of escaping . If you want to tell them life will get better and you respect them for who they are , copy and paste 
this . Many of you won't , but let's see who will . 
whats worse than annoying Christmas music ... Taylor Swift Christmas music ! :/ 
post 
this to your status and see what people rate you .... ( 1 ) Crazy . ( 2)Wish 
wewent out . ( 3 ) Talkative . ( 4 ) Hot . ( 5 ) Beautiful . ( 6)Loveable . ( 7 ) 
Adorable . ( 8 ) Sexy ( 9 ) Dumb . ( 10 ) Pretty . ( 11 ) Spoiled . ( 12 ) Wanna know 
you more . ( 13 ) Wild . ( 14 ) Goofy . ( 15 ) Funny ( 16)Awesomely ... awesome . 
( 17 ) Amazing . ( 18 . ) Best friend . ( 19 ) I Love You . 
I need another story 
Something to get off my chest 
My life gets kind of boring 
Need something that I can confess . 
So do we have a one hour delay or school or a snow day or what ??? 
If you message me with a number I will do the status-number-thingy because I am bored . =] 
I worry , I weigh 3 times my body , throw my fears around . But this morning , theres a calm I cant explain . The rock candy's melted , only diamonds now remain ... By the time I recognize this moment , this moment will be gone . But I will bend the light , pretend that it somehow lingers on . And I will wait to find if this will last foreverAnd I will pay no mindWhen it wont and it wont because it cant it just cant . Its not supposed 2 
" This bed is on fire with passion and love , the neighbors comlain about the noises above , but she only comes when she's on top ... my therapist says I shouldn't see her anymore . He says I'm getting so obsesed that I'm becoming a bore ... oh , no ( sarcastically ) " ... I haven't really paid attention to the begining lyrics to this song before ... I just thought it was kind of funny . xD 
Happy Chanukkah everybody !!!!! :) :) <3 
A 
true friend doesn't care when you're broke , if your being a bitch , what 
you weigh , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or 
if your family is filled with crazy people . They love you for who you 
are . Re-post if you have at least one true friend . :) ? 
Let me take you down , cause I'm going to strawberry fields . Nothing is real , and nothing to get hung about-strawberry fields forever . Living is easy with eyes closed , misunderstanding all you see . It's getting hard to be someone but it all works out , it doesn't matter much to me . 
It's ironic how we ignore those who want us , want those who ignore us , love those who hurt us , and hurt those who love us . 
Still " everything happens for a reason " is no reason not to ask myself if I am living it right ? Am I living it right ? ? Am I living it right ? Why ? Why , Georgia , why ? 
... No cell phones , just 20 thousand light , swaying on a Saturday night , alright ... Hey there sing me a song , when we were everything . We were more than just a slice of American Pie . 
Happy 2011 to all ! :) 
It seems like everywhere I go , the more I see , the less I know . 
Strawberry/blueberry 
No , facebook , I do not want to try the new profile , so stop trying to introduce me to it ! 
just had a pretty awesome weekend . :) 
I finally got home from Thanksgiving with my Grandma and Uncle in Ohio , I'm sooo happy to be home !!!!!!!!!!!! :D 
YOU AND I WAKE UP IN JAIL TOGETHER ... Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well . 
Love is loudest . <3 Please post this as your status for a week to show your support for abused children , and to raise awareness of child abuse . 
Dear Prudence , won't you come out to play ? Dear Prudence , greet the brand new day . The sun is up , the sky is blue . It's beautiful and so are you ... Dear Prudence won't you come out and play ? Dear Prudence open up your eyes . Dear Prudence see the sunny skies . The wind is low , the birds all sing 
that you are part of everything . Dear Prudence won't you open up your eyes ? <3 
lol , " The vampires must go fucking crazy when Bella gets her period . " 
if you think I'm cute like this status . if you love me put a ?. if you are my friend put a :) if you want to go out with me poke me . if you miss me , put a :/ if you ever had a crush on me , message me saying you did . if your not scared , post this as your status and see what you get . I dare you . 
Typical Super-bowl Bud light commercial : * something dumb promoting and normalizing alcoholic behavior , such as a man choosing a beer over a girlfriend * Narrating guy " Drink responsibly " .... hypocrites 
Don't it make you sad to know that life is more than who we are ? You grew up way too fast , and now there's nothing to believe , and reruns all become our history . A tired song keeps playing on a tired radio , and I won't tell no one your name . <3 
Uh-oh , uh-oh , here comes tomorrow . Uh-oh , uh-oh what will we borrow , now ? And pay back somehow ? 
Imagine there's no countries , it isn't hard to do . Nothing to kill or die for , and no religion too . Imagine all the people , living life in peace . You may say I'm a dreamer , but I'm not the only one . I hope someday you will join us . And the world will live as one . <3 
And I wonder if I ever cross your mind , for me it happens all the time ... 
Going sledding with my neighbor and his friends , a bunch of eight graders . I'm such a nerd . xD But I don't care if you think I'm crazy for sledding in this weather , Harley Rose Egerton ! 
I'm so glad it's finally Friday afternoon . :) 
