Cruise to Canada on Saturday ! W00t . 
Cruise in 3.5 hours ! w00t . 
Back from the cruise ! Pictures soon ;) 
Babysitting my brother until 4:30 :( 
I am exhausted .... and mildly frustrated that my " x " key on my laptop sticks . It's really hard because everytime I try to log into my email , I have to do it twice . lol :) 
RIP , Percy boy ... I love you . ( Percy Truax : May 6 , 1996-September 10 , 2009 ) 
Finally bought my first ipod ... I am no longer inferior ! lol :) 
OODLES of homework :( at least its something to do . 
RIP Rusty Truax ~ 1998-2009 ~ 
Tired ... at mikes . going home later to paint Percy's cross . 
Feeling much better today :) 
Tired :( 
Its soooooooooooooo hot :( 
back from school 
Sick :( 
Dylan is creepy . 
there should be a " Stupid Remark " tax . 
Pleasure of love lasts but a moment , Pain of love lasts a lifetime . 
' Tis strange what a man may do , and a woman yet think him an angel . 
Within the sweetest apple , lies the blackest core . 
Love makes time pass ; time makes love pass . 
getting ready for the New Year's Eve party :) 
A wise girl kisses but doesn't love , listens but doesnt believe , and leaves before she is left . 
school ... then dylans w/ mike for some homework :ppp 
tired tired tired :) and mom is reading this from her facebook in the other room ! 
Picked up the new pups yesterday ... Zeus and Caesar ! ( The most adorable Min Pins on Earth ! ) 
Best day ever :) Woke up at 2 , spending the rest of the day with Mikey and my dogs :) Life is good . 
I have chicken noodle soup :) it makes me happy . Ravyn owns ;) 
AHHHHHH ! my mom is on facebook ! 
Pleeeaaaaseee help my socialvibe cause !!! SPCLA , help me feed abused dogs in the system :) 
14 and a half hours left ... getting a little nervous :( 
soooo tired . just got back from PA . i hate the thruway . 
Midterms suck >:( 
I hate people . I really do . 
watching cesar millan ! 
Sitting around at home ... Megan's party at 2 :) 
I hate people who think they are important when they aren't . 
Out with Mikey and Marta ... 
My mommy is giving me a back massage ! Yay :) lol . Rochester tonight , I deserve some BK . 
Meeting up with an old friend :) 
Stomach hurts :( Tired as hell ... I need sleep . 
Who are you calling a cootie queen , you lint licker ?! 
you tell her , mr. rivera ! best game ever :) 
writing an essay ... :( 
That's not a paper cut , that's what you call a blood sacrifice . 
Damn skippy , BitchCakes . 
Suddenly nervous about sectionals :( School , Cheer , bed early ! Sectionals tomorrow . 
Sectionals are over ... As are my days of varsity cheerleading ! :'( very upset . Need a nap ... 
Slept for 19 HOURS ! I feel amazing :) 
I am not familiar with this " Sponge-Bob " ... is he dark ? and disturbing ? 
" Do you know how hard it is to pick Skittles out of your crotch ? " -Michael Crowe . 
Congratualations to Trevor Bayne ! Way to make NASCAR history :) 
Bah . College shit :( Cleaning for a while . 
off to the doctor ! 
waiting for the doctor ... with a huge poster about prostates covering the wall next to me ... 
Toddlers and Tiaras :) Cleaning for a while . RAIN tomorrow with Mikey ! <3 
Sooo ... Mike's car broke down . Stranded in a gas station in weedsport >:( 
Finally home ... 
Foamy be with you ! 
If I couldn't sleep , could you sleep ? 
We must see if she is morally , ethically , spiritually , physically , undeniably and reliably dead ! 
AHHHHH ! THERE WAS A POSSUM ON MY PORCH ! omg :( it was terrifying . I saw it's teeth and everything . 
Bed time ! Preparing myself for possum-filled nightmares :( 
Had a relatively good day :) time for a shower ! 
" ... With plumping hydration . " 
Most definitely bed time :) school in the morning :/ 
Things I am Not Allowed to do at Hogwarts #25 : It is not necessary to yell " BURN " every time Snape takes points from Gryffindor . 
Time for bed ! Lots of work tomorrow ... 
I love my gold pass :) 
ugh :( Senior Option . 
Facebook Break ! This senior option shit is making me ill . 
Finally done with my paper !!! JOY :) 
" I can photoshop tits on a rhinocerous ! " -Eric Cali 
Numbing the pain for a while will make it worse when you finally feel it </3 
For a few minutes you made me feel as though I actually meant something to someone . 
Going outt ! :) 
Best night in a LOOOOONGGG time :) 
Laundry , Cleaning , whatnot :) where is this optimism coming from ?! 
* sigh * <3 
What the hell am I doing here ? I don't belong here ... 
You learn to like someone when you find out what makes them laugh , but you can never truly love someone until you find out what makes them cry . 
Everyone is rubbing their boobs on me ... I don't know what to do ... 
I may be cheap , but I ain't free . 
Bought a hot prom dress , got a hot date ... life is perfect :) 
I'm not bipolar ... I'm bi-winning . 
When you've got tiger blood and Adonis DNA , it's like ... get with the program dude . 
As the days go by , I think of how lucky I am that you're not here to ruin it for me . 
bitch ... you make me sick :) 
Fell down the stairs first thing this morning :( what a wonderful start to my day ... 
You make me perfect ... Help me become somebody else . 
The only thought I get of you sickens me ... Everybody knows your fate , you're everything I fucking hate ... And I'm everything that you could never be . 
Even if you justify every fucking bullshit lie , It only makes me want to break you . 
There is no turning back now ... You've woken up the demon in me . 
Quote of the Day : " I've never been hamster shopping ! " - Wesley 
Ha . And today was supposed to be a good day ! Fuck it . 
You don't know how sick you make me ... You make me fuckin ' sick to my stomach . 
And now I tell you openly , you have my heart so don't hurt me . You're what I couldn't find ... A totally amazing mind , so understanding and so kind ; You're everything to me . 
Sleep ? HA ! I have some thinking to do tonight ... 
' Cause when I stage dive people are scared to catch me :) 
Everywhere I go , bitches always know :) 
Rum and Pepsi got your perception of me sketchy ;) 
This is what you wanted all along , wasn't it ? 
I'm losing my sight , losing my mind ... Wish somebody would tell me I'm fine . 
I think your subwoofer's sexy ;) lol . 
This time somebody's gettin ' hurt ... Here comes the next contestant . 
" I'm gonna die over here and you're gonna have a biscuit ! " -Wesley . 
I'm dealing with fools and trolls . 
India foxtrot yankee oscar uniform charlie alpha november uniform november delta echo romeo sierra tango alpha november delta tango hotel india sierra charlie oscar papa yankee alpha november delta papa alpha sierra tango echo tango oscar yankee oscar uniform romeo sierra tango alpha tango uniform sierra 
( in honor of our military wherever they may be ) 
let's see who gets it and follows the instructions . 
“The only thing I’m addicted to right now is winning . ” 
I'm in love with somebody , found someone who completes me . I'm in love with somebody ... and it's not you :) 
I been through hell , shut the hell up ! I'm trying to develop these pictures of the Devil to sell ' em . 
“If you’re a part of my family , I will love you violently . ” -Charlie Sheen <3 
Help me ... I broke apart my insides . Help me ... I've got no soul to sell . 
“Dying is for fools , amateurs . ” 
My Fair Wedding ! :D <3 <3 <3 
Something like this just don't exist between a backwoods boy and a fairy tale princess <3 
She's in love with the boy ... And even if they have to run away , She's gonna marry that boy someday <3 
“I’m tired of pretending I’m not special . I’m tired of pretending I’m not a total bitchin’ rock star from Mars . ” 
It's like a fruit bat dream come true ! 
I wish him nothing but pain in his silly travels , especially if they wind up in my octagon . Clearly I have defeated this earthworm with my words — imagine what I would have done with my fire breathing fists ! 
If you only knew how much I hated you ... 
Bitch , you're dead to me . 
The way you lie ... Well it's what you do , it's who you are :) 
I told you once you son of a bitch , I'm the best there's ever been :) 
Woww :) Best day of my life . I can't wait to see how this plays out . LMAO ! 
I'm going to sit back and watch this like a soap opera ... Because y'all belong on General Hospital :) 
March 5 & March 12 of 2011 ... Gifts from God . Hallelujah :) 
“I’m an F-18 , bro , and I will destroy you in the air and deploy my ordnance to the ground . ” 
I blame the system ... man . 
Sorry my life is so much more bitchin ' than yours :) 
We're born alone , we live alone , we die alone . Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone . 
Gotta love short tracks :) 
had a shitty fucking day . 
Had a busy day :) 
fly like a G6 ;) 
Alanis Morissette is GOD !!! lol :) 
Sick again ... 
NEO ... * ba na na na na * ... SPORIN ! 
CPI project COMPLETE ! :) 
Oh , facebook ... how talented you are at keeping me from cleaning my room like i should be :) 
Went shopping yesterday ... and bruised a rib in the process ... lol :) 
Sometimes I just want to punch people . People twice my size even ! This time I just might do it . 
HARRY POTTER AND THE DEATHLY HOLLOWS PREMIERS NOVEMBER 19TH !!! GAHHHHHHHHHH :) 
with mike ! watching him play black ops :P 
I was walking into Mrs. Fitzsimmon's class . ( If you remember what you were doing when the Twin Towers were hit , post it as your status . ) 
Mike's graduation today ... I don't know if I'm happy or depressed ...? 
Hang my head ... Drown my fear , ' til you all just disappear . 
Do the creep :) lol . 
Off to get my hair done in a bit :) 
i need some ambition ... 
Watching Dining with Death :) 
At Marta's with Michael :) More shopping in the morning ! 
Pepper is staring at Ravyn with a look of complete disapproval ... LMAO :P 
just ate mako shark ... on a STICK . and it was delicious :) 
was just told that bass playing is pointless . haha ... by someone who doesn't know the difference between a treble and bass clef . 
Wants to go decide on paint colors ! Global went well ... I think ... And health was one of the easiest things I have ever done ... I guess it's just earth science to worry about . 
I have to read all of the Harry Potter books before Deathly Hallows Part One hits theaters ... and as of tomorrow , I only have 10 days ! I should have planned this better :( I am so disappointed in myself . 
FINALLY homework is done ... 
Me : " Look ! Naked men ! " 
Ravyn : " Really ?! Where ?... awww , they're only HALF naked ... " 
Me : " But they're still HALF NAKED ! " 
Ravyn : " ... not the GOOD half ... " 
LMFAO ! XD 
By the way , i can't stand you . You make me sick to my stomach , and if I could have one wish ... it would be to never see your fucking face ever again . 
" Let's leave New Jersey out of this ... " That's what the Constitution should have said ! " ( Gotta love Patterson on SNL <3 ) 
Starting to get nervous ... I've got a feeling this will be a bad day . 
If anyone REALLY loves me ... buy me an upright bass ! 
Si-a-lent Night ... I said a Si-a-lent Night . 
Birthday plans just got cancelled ... Looks like I'm going to be totally alone . 
Seriously . How important is it to get to Tops ? Douchebag . 
Got my license , my nails done , hair done on Thursday , and a brand new wardrobe :) Senior year , here I come ! 
Mike's making me a mixtape :P this is soooo 90's . 
Done with accounting homework :) on to english ! 
Shower in a sec ... then off to the ithaca commons with Mikey and Ravyn :) 
" that's a mighty nifty couch you have , sir ! " -mike crowe 
I get to see Mikey tomorrow :) <3 <3 <3 
WHYYYY ?!?!?!? My grandma is on Farmville ... 
Stitches in the mouth are DISGUSTING . 
I must have been possessed to forgive you . Just because I forgive does not mean you can keep betraying me . Just because you have the small-dog complex and need to feel important , does not mean I will put up with it . “Not forgiving someone is like drinking poison and expecting the other person to die . " I like the taste of my poison , thanks . 
I'm in love with somebody ... Found someone who completes me ... I'm in love with somebody , and it's not you . 
Good job ladiesss ! :) 
Soooo I just found out that my dad thoroughly enjoys iCarly ... 
Pissed ! Game was cancelled , and DAVID RIVERA ran me over in gym , so my ankle is 3 times the size it is supposed to be ... 
" You have terrible yamming skills ! " -Saige Vest 
About to go pick up Ravyn ... Off to the mall and then Sea Breeze :) 
" serenading ? isn't that something you do with meat ? " ... wow Jake . Laugh o'the day . 
school in the morning ? this can't be correct ! the calendar must be wrong ... 
You don't lose when you lose fake friends- Joan Jett 
" The hottest love has the coldest end . " - Socrates 
Angels are ill-equipped ... Lmao :) 
this isn't good for my self-esteem ! 
michael just admitted to me that he is a huge liar , and is in love with my best friend :P 
seriously , i don't care . 
Got my class of 2011 stuff in the mail today :) sooo excited . 
Happy :) had a good day for once ! New phone wednesday , quiznos cookies ( huhuh . ) and a new collar for the world's best schnauzer ! Yesterday was AMAZING as well :) 
ok ... i have been doing homework for almost 2 hours . this is ridiculous . 
What in the world you thinking of ? Laughing in the face of love ... What on earth you tryin ' to do ? It's up to you ... yeah , you . 
Gave me your hand but realize I just wanna say goodbye ... Please understand I have to leave and carry on my own life <3 
Why must my house be so cold ? Getting ready then off to band practice :) 
" That's like saying ' I like so much pulp in my orange juice I can chew it ' . " 
Mikey's 1st day of classes :) State Fair today with Ravyn . School in 7 days ... 
" he's my BUTTER FRIEND ! " -haydan truax . 
Zestra commercials should be banned . 
fell asleep at 4 ... can't sleep now ... 
" Sunshine , daisies , butter-mellow ... turn this stupid fat rat yellow ! " 
Exhausted and missing Michael . Appointment with my doctor in the morning , and band practice after school !!! :) <333 
skypin ' with mike ... exhausted :( 
Good deed of the day : Ravyn and I saved a dog :) A very dirty , smelly , Amish dog . 
Global project ... :( 
Off to Ithaca to see some family ... then to the mall ! yay :) Michael is singing " it's raining men " and i'm frightened ... 
I have a shell in my hands ... That clearly means I am invincible ! 
Shopping with grandma :) 
Douchebagg of the day flicked his cigarette on my car ... asshole . 
At least it doesn't hurt anymore ... I just look like a freakin ' CHIPMUNK . 
US essay :/ 
Yayy ! Mike is taking me shopping on Saturday :) 
writing an essay and waiting for dinner :) yay . 
There's no pain and there's no pressure ... No verbal humiliation ... There's no fear and there's no shame , there's no pulse , now is it so strange ? 
" A lot of bands use a drum machine " ... " A lot of elevators play Celine Dion , but that doesn't make it right ! " LMAO ! 
have you ever felt so inraged that you felt the blood pulsate behind you're eyeballs ? yeah ... i'm there . 
Though there's a pain in my chest , i still wish you the best ... with a fuck you ! ooh-ooh-ooh :) 
some old guy at mcdonald's is trying to give me mustard ... 
just ordered my new cheer stuff :P 
Sooooooo exhausted from band practice ... 
Ok , yet another shitty movie . After . Life is sooo stupid and pointless . It literally pissed me off . I am in a terrible mood now . Thank you , Agnieszka Wojtowicz Vosloo ... for ruining my night . 
had chinese :) 
" It's not yoga , it's HURTING . " -Michael Crowe <3 
My face is soooo bruised :( 
Helping my Grandma with her thesis paper ...? Since when do Grandmas write thesis papers ?!!!?! 
" I have this strange craving to see a really fat person go down a slip n ' slide ... " LMAO XD Texts from Last Night . 
I am going to kick some ass on that global tomorrow ! 
yay :) getting my hair done tomorrow ! stuck at mike's work ... waiting on him :( 
Has anyone else seen that commercial where the guy gets hit in the crotch with a ferret ? I just did . LMAO !!! 
Exhausted :( night . 
I thought I would never believe in hate . I guess I was wrong . 
Hell yeah ! Cut me off , gangster in a 1994 Chevy Blazer !... douchebag . 
Kid Rock is getting more annoying every day . 
My freak-of-nature fish died this morning :/ since when do betta fish live for 4 1/2 years ?! 
Went to the Wells Hollow concert !!! Bought a shirt , too :) 
Finally this is over ... 
Can't sleep :( 
Study Hall ... too distracted to do much homework :( Sicker than yesterday . 
2 weeks and my room will be complete :) FINALLY . yay ! 
so tired ... practice tomorrow :) 
With RAVYNN tonight :) Cleaning a little- mall in the morning ! 
" Don't listen to the box . The box doesn't know what it's talking about . " 
babysitting ... then band practice :) \m/ 
Rochester with Michael for the day :) 
God , grant me the strength to not punch this bitch in the face . 
I will give you anything to say you want to stay , you want me too . Say you'll never die , you'll always haunt me . I want to know I belong to you ... Say you'll haunt me . 
School is finally over ! For the summer , anyway . Earth science regents ... eh ... but i kicked ass on the spanish ! 
Off to House of Guitars & Guitar Center :) Then Darien Lake with Mikey and Marta tomorrow . 
My doggies are lying here next to me ... and they are making the cutest little doggie dream noises :) 
It's like a dream- you try to remember but it's gone . Then you try to scream but it only comes out as a yawn . 
Love me or hate me , still an obsession :) Love me or hate me , that is the question ... 
Shopping w/ Mike & Ravyn todayy :) 
" That was easier than winning the Nobel Peace Prize ! " 
You're gonna lose that girl , you're gonna lose that girl , if you don't take her out tonight , she'll change her mind . 
Dear Michael , my dog's name is CAESAR , not SEIZURE . thank you :) 
rearranging my room to fit the treadmill ... joy . 
" Hey ! Your ass is hanging out ! " ... " I know ! It ALWAYS is ! " i love you cheyenne :) 
I saw Wilford Brimmley on a bike today ! 
DRYER IS FIXEDDDDD ! yay :) 
Paranormal Activity 2 : the first horror movie to make me cry out of fear . Kudos :) 
Go to your room , listen to My Chemical Romance , and smoke a doobie because it's SOOO hard growing tits ! 
Slept in today :) about to go get ready , take peppy for a walk and then off to band practice ! 
I just need to take a day off from life ... 
Just finished swimming with the band :) now ... Off to practice ! 
Economics essay complete :) Now for US :( I'm starting to wonder if graduating early is worth it ... 
Road test tomorrow at 11 ... :/ 
chinese fooddd ! 
EASSAY PARTY !!! 
OMG . my boyfriend loves paramore ... 
This is incredible ... I just got a haircut that I actually like :) 
Glenn Beck , I love you :) lmao . 
Driving with my dad today :) 
Is it normal for my boyfriend to take longer getting ready in the morning than I do ? 
Today really needs to end . 
senior pictures in the morning :) 
Like if you passed the Earth Science Regents ! woot ;) 
Just write it down in that stupid little book ... with all your receipts for your lollipops and your pretzels ... idiot . 
Don't listen to the douchebags of the world . - George Takei 
Honey , Doctors are sadists , who like to play God and watch lesser people scream . 
in disneyworld . going to have a magical fucking weekend ;) 
Wisdom teeth are out ... my face is swollen and i'm in sooooooooo much pain :( 
it must be your face ;) 
Good job , ladiess ! Made me proud :) 
swelling is even worse today ... 
the guy in the car in front of me is either rocking out to a really upbeat song ... or getting into a really intese fight on his bluetooth . 
WR2R videos are up ! Search " Draconian Kiss " and comment ! 
HATE chemistry :( 
wow . i don't know how much longer i can deal with this ... 
Yay ! Uproar Fest with Mikey and Ravyn on Sunday :) 
Mikey's grad party at 2 :) <3 
You know what ? Fuck you . You're a sexist prick , and you make me physically ill . Do you see what you do ? How much you destroy ? Go ahead and keep doing what you do , see what happens . 
just got back from my great uncle's funeral ... not a good day for me . 
" Well pardon me , Miss Snooty Cat ! " -JiJi 
" I'll knock your tooth out ! " -My Mother . LMAO :) 
" How do the people feel about this ? They think it's ... JUST FUCKING DANDY ! " -RIP George Carlin 
Finally got my license !!! Thank God ... 
It could be worse ... You could be John Stamos . 
Off to the State Fair with Ravyn :) " Something egged on your window ... " 
" oh ... i thought it said ' feed my starving chicken . ' nevermind . " LMFAO ! love you , ravyn ! 
snookie is writing a novel ... she should be snookied for this . 
EXHAUSTED . I should be cleaning my room ... probably wont . Taking a nap :) 
fuck you , green bay >:( 
i will smack you burrito ! 
i REALLY need to stop biting my nails . 
finish ALL of my homework :) looks like I'm going to bed before midnight ! 
I can't watch Deal or No Deal anymore ... It makes me too nervous . 
at grandma's new house for lunch :) elmira later to buy my homecoming dress and put a down payment on my new bass ! 
exhausted :( today was just not my day . 
this damn car ... 
Think of me as the Barbie you never get to play with ;) 
If you have awonderful man who isn't perfect , 
but is perfect for you , who workshard , and would do anything for you , 
who makes you laugh , who is yourbest friend , who is your world , someone 
that you're thankful for everynight , then post this as your status .? 
what is the point of the reap paper ? just wondering . because i'm sick of writing . 
damn ! my GPS doesn't allow me to download different voices ... i'm pissed . 
Taking a break from cleaning my room :) English midterm in the AM ! Going to bed early ... 
Do not , under any circumstances , watch the last exorcism . THE DUMBEST , MOST POINTLESS movie EVERRR . It's not worth $10 and 91 minutes of your life . 
Crocodiles will stone cold eat a bitch . 
so . much . homework ! :( 
You're the guy who lives inside LizardBerry ! 
Dear Jimmie Johnson , 
How is this even exciting for you anymore ?! 
Sincerely , Pissed Off Nascar Fan . 
Watching Anaconda 3 ... So stupid it's entertaining . 
bah . high school :( 
You don't die from a broken heart ... you only wish you would . 
" I'm like and eel ... an electric eel . I can fit in such tight spaces , it's SHOCKING ! " 
exhausted ... with about an hour's worth of homework left to do . 
singing " free falling " in the car with my mom ;) lol . 
can anyone just take me seriously ? 
can't sleep :( 
has anyone taken accounting ? 
it's no surprise to me , i am my own worst enemy ... ' cuz every now and then i kick the living shit out of me . 
Cheer competition :) 
01001000 01101001 00100000 01010010 01100001 01110110 01111001 01101110 ! <3 <3 <3 
The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandyyy ! :) 
going to BED . sooo exhausted :( 
Wrapping presents ... i feel like making cookies . 
Finished with my accounting homework :) on to economics ... 
mhmm . I see :) Grow up , bitch . Seriously , no one wants to put up with your juvenile drama . This is why you're life is that way it is . 
Let's talk about women ... let's talk about love :) 
" These are angry hands ! " 
" I'm like , OMG ... Becky's not even hot ! " 
Run an ' tell dat , homeboy ! XD 
Still haven't done any of my homework ... 
You are a senior in high school ... Grow the fuck up . 
off to the doctor :( 
Voulez vous coucher avec moi ce soir ? 
Soooooo much homework :( 
just had the best chicken parm EVERR . 
All I can do is sigh and be glad I will be rid of you in June . 
" There's just this random girl sitting here singing about how much she loves fiber ... " i <3 texts from last night :) 
in floridaaa :) 
wednesdays are AWFUL . thank god it only happens once a week ... 
School needs to be over ... 
If you're gonna be dumb , you gotta be tough . 
" Never trust anything that can think for itself if you can't see where it keeps its brain . " 
ehh :( zero ambition . 
Don't stub my toe , my achy breaky toe :) 
Florida smells like ferrets ... 
Done with accounting homework :) 
" Someone is eating washcloths ... if it's either one of you , eat food . " -the wonderful words of my mother . 
Dear Obama , I'm really happy for you and imma let you finish , but Franklin D Roosevelt had one of the best economic recoveries of all time . Of all time ! -Kanye . 
Stop looking at me , SWAN !!! 
I have 5 black and parti-colored kittens ... free to a good home :) they desperately need families . 
Volleyball game later with Ravyn :) Mike's coming home tonight ! <3 <3 <3 
College Applications :/ 
What happens when he is Prince Charming ... but I'm not Cinderella ? 
See you at the bonfire , bitches :) 
excuse me , i'm sorry ... i'm really such a lady ;) lol . 
last day in florida ... kinda missing the cold and rain of new york . 
Damn you Facebook ... I have homework to do ! 
How the hell can you list " Amish " in your religious views on FACEBOOK ? 
About to get on a plane to Florida :) yayy . 
joined cheer leading today ;) 
Off to get my wisdom teeth out :( 
Electrolights , turbolights , powerlights .... more lights than YOUR BODY HAS ROOM FOR ! 
if you have a bmi higher than 25 , for the sake of those around you , please dont wear jeggings . thank you . 
don't you just love being lied to ? 
I can hear the sounds my brain is making ! 
my dogs just got into a HUGE fight ... over a sock monkey . it was intense . i have never been so afraid of two 7 pound dogs . 
" Renamed my iPod as ' The Titantic ' ... so when I plug it in it's says ' The Titantic is syncing . '" <3 texts from last night . 
Pure exhaustion :( Girls basketball tomorrow ! 
having lunch at the Three Broomsticks :) and finally found my wand ! 
just watered my moss necklace ? lol . i love you , ravyn ! XD 
Looks like I'm alone for Valentine's Day :'( 
" everyone should have a big jar of pickles ! " 
i fucking love my boyfriend :) <3 <3 <3 ( even though he is completely absent minded ... ) 
" I won't get Mononucleosis , will I ? " 
UNCOMFORTABLY ENERGETIC . 
More college applications tomorrow ... University of Tennessee ? Why , yes ... yes indeed :) 
" I will split their skulls and use them for bowls ! " - Castro ( Black Ops Zombies ! ) 
No , I run LA . 
Hanging out with my great-grandparents :) 
HATE chemistry :'( 
Der Wahnsinn ist nur eine schmale Brücke . Die Ufer sind Vernunft und Trieb . 
You look like a potato with bad circulation . 
" The only way to stop these corrupt banks and credit card companies ... is to pardon Richard Nixon ! " 
coolest bass line EVER ... December 1963 :) 
" You have a wedgie ? " " Yeah ! A deep one ... " LMAO ! I <3 cheer practice :) 
Das Sonnenlicht den geist verwirrt ... 
i SHOULD be cleaning my room ... again : Damn you Facebook . 
Watching Fatal Attractions :) 
What's in your head ? In your head ? Zombie ... Zombie ... Zombie . 
Nay , he is incapable of deciphering my gambling visage . 
once again ... i get free coffee for being cute :) 
car shopping with mikey :) 
mom says she saw a ghost at work :) lol . 
" Honestly , I won't get to sleep tonight . It's killing me ... Boy , can't we make this right ? " 
" Your excuses are lamer than FDR's \nlegs . " 
Strike at 10:30 , then going somewhere with Ravyn :) 
" Aww Snap ! He said trailer ! " 
" Next , you take a fish and some toothpaste ... " 
" I'm an equal-oppurtunity ass kicker ! " 
I don't know how i managed 63 happy birthdays ... lol :) thanks everyone . 
I need Love Hate Sex Pain bass tabs :( I can't find them ... 
i just watched my boyfriend eat an entire McDouble in one bite . He just ... shoved the entire thing in his mouth :( fml . 
Upside of being hit on by a cashier : free coffee ;) 
watching Predator Raw ... 
currently watching Mean Girls :) " it's not my fault i've got a heavy flow and a wide-set vagina ! " LMAO . 
Going to have some cheesecake ... then bed :) joy . 
At target in Big Flats . Some bitch got punched in the face over a TV . I love Black Friday :) 
home ... exhausted :( i need sleep ! 
We don't get along that well ... Not much for talk , But you're hot as hell :) 
Music should not be a fad . 
out with Mikey ! <3 
Back from school for my appointment in Rochester :) Legally Blonde and cleaning until then . 
Steelers , bitch ;) 
A million words wouldn't bring you back , I know because I've tried . Neither would a million tears , I know because I've cried . 
I love lava lamps ... I love lamp . 
YanYan say : " Mole- in a hole ! " :) 
" Epic Mickey is an irritating waste of potential- like a used condom resting on your forehead . " -Ben " Yahtzee " Croshaw 
at walmart ... looking at nail polish . they have the WORST names ! " kiss me here " " first time " " no means no " " strip tease " " wet t shirt " and " in the mood ? " OMFG . 
The worst thing is holding on to someone who doesn't want to be held on to ... </3 
Took Mike's dog to get a haircut today ... Superbowl Party tomorrow . STEELERSS ! <3 <3 <3 
" Your wife swallows pineapples for donkey rides ! " XD 
you have to shed some tears before you can really smile . good job , romulus varsity cheerleaders :) 
so I'm definitely wearing a tie-dye shirt and zebra stripe pants ... time for bed :) 
it's too damn sultry in here . 
" And oh , my dreams ... It's never quite as it seems . ' Cause you're a dream to me , dream to me . " 
Quick nap ... then off to the movies :) 
If I said I want your body now , would you hold it against me ? ;P 
Officially have been cleaning my room for 3 hours and 13 minutes . facebook break :) 
Yeah ... sleep isn't going to happen . not with you on my mind :'( 
" ... and the Packers win the Superbowl ! " ... fml . >:( 
