MY GUITAR ROCKZ !!!!!!! 
eek ! Green Day Concert at 8pm tonight !!!!!! I can't wait !!!! 
is listening to Breaking Benjamin 
Also listening to the pure poetry that is My Chemical Romance those guys got some serious talent 
is tired 
misses her puppy and kitty 
Just Watched Marley & Me I haven't cried that much since grandma died 
listening to gangsta music ... lol 
also , there was this preacher dude outside of the venue telling everyone that if they went in they were going to burn in hell for all eternity(no joke , I am not kidding ) I said that it was all a bunch of bullshit and he got mad , which caused mom to practi 
is watching south park 
woke up at four fucking am this morning .... you can guess that I'm not in the best mood right now . I got in at one and went to bed at two am . Currently listening to MSI . 
went camping on friday , had car trouble , and my mother bitched and complained the whole way home other than that , it was EXTREMELY fun 
Citizen Kane Rockz !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Callouses hurt like a bitch on steroids , I swear to god 
GOING TO A FRIGGIN GREEN DAY CONCERT THIS FRIDAY !!!!!!! I'M SOOOOO EXCITED I COULD PISS MYSELF !!! 
is listening to muse 
way too tired to sleep .... if that makes any sense at all .... 
watching clerks !!! 
is bored shitless 
Ok , Escape the Fate is officially one of my top five bands 
woke up waaaaay too early 
watching watchmen 
Shit , Shit , Shit . I do not want school to start . 
I think I willplay my guitar , which is named rosebud , by the way 
farm town is so addicting 
listening to Hollywood Undead , Drawing some pictures for Lee . Experiencing the full impact of carpal tunnel but completely loving it non the less . 
playing " Basketcase " on Rosebud(my guitar ) . Yeah laugh all you want , but I think Rosebud is a damn cool name 
YAY ! Today i officially become a fossil ! 14 is the new 50 , you know 
is drawing an awesome picture of the Beatles . YAY ! 
saw funny people yesterday . It was crude , and they dropped an F-bomb every two words . My type of movie . 
That old lady down there reminds me of the jackass that used to own anakin skywalker before he became a jedi 
Have you ever noticed that in the Nightmare on Elm St films there's always pictures of dogs hanging SOMEWHERE and yet not one of the main character even have a stupid dog to begin with . Why the hell would you have pictures of dogs in your house , if you don't even have a goddamn dog ? 
FRANKENBERRY !!!!!! 
I swear Green Day washes all sadness from your life ......... that sounds so fuckin emo but it's true for me 
no offense to any rednecks in MICHIGAN . I was talking about FLORIDA rednecks . We have pretty nice rednecks here in michigan . 
We're disposable teens 
Is now watching Desperado 
Breaking Benjamin's new album is rocking the abnormally fuzzy socks off my feet 
again , no offense 
Watching The Silence of The Lambs , Hannibal's completely butchering these two cops 
“We don’t need no education . We don’t need no thought control . No dark sarcasm in the classroom . Teachers leave those kids alone . 
Itunes sucks incredibly hairy balls ..... excuse my bluntness 
I feel sad 
J and Silent Bob rock !!!! 
is totally lovin life !!! Cant wait until my mommy gets home !!!! 
I wish I weren't so ' sick ' today 
watching Children of Men .... good movie so far 
Spent 3 hours in the office today 
Nearly choked over a skittle 
I FIXED MY COMPOOTER !!!! 
juzz got back from pickin ' up my daddy 
The world cries on this day . Steven Tyler has left Aerosmith ..... :( 
' Come mothers and fathers throughout the land , and don't criticize what you can't understand . Your sons and Daughters are beyond your command ' 
is also working on her sci-fi story 
I FINALLY got done with the essay from hell ... 
is curling her hair for no apparent reason 
certain people are shouting in my ear ...... may need a hearing aid soon 
THE FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear . the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! put this as your status if it worked for you ! dude im not kidding this isnt like a chain thing its like lens glare 
is laughing her ass off about shit 
is Fucking bored out of her mind 
Listening to the Black Eyed Peas right now , life iz good 
listening to Powerman 5000 
Somehow , I don't think I'm getting any sleep tonight 
today is a very heavy metal day 
Writers block sux balls . Big ....... fat ....... hairy ....... balls 
Iz now watching WINNIE THE POOOH !!!! He's the best fat yellow bear around ! 
is worried , scared , and unsure of what to do right now 
iim freezing my ass off in my room listening to Octopuses garden(Beatles , if you're not cultured enough to know ) 
is planning to learn some new songs ... YAY !!! 
is dancing in the desert , blowin up the sunshine 
is enfuriated 
" IT LOOKS LIKE A GODDAMN MUDERSCENE !!! " ....... honestly , I love rednecks , lol 
I love Queen ! Brian May iz the shiz , Freddie rocks a falsetto , Rodger beats a fawesome rythmn , and let's face it .... nobody could live without John hammering his bass . I know . Melodramatic as hell ... 
so darken your clothes , or strike a violent pose . Maybe they'll leave you alone , but not me 
im sad 
mmmmmm ... coffee 
Mortal Kombat iz being a jackass right now 
listening to eric clapton , making pies 
saw Paranormal Activity last night w/ Megan and Jesse . Not really as outwardly scary as the previews made you think , but it definitely got you thinking . 
Goodnight world . Live well and prosper <3 
working on a devil for art . He looks too happy to be a devil ..... I'll just say he's drunk . 
listening to the who , taking a break from rolling out dough and cutting it(u'd be suprised how tired you get after just an hour ) .... Tommy is definitley one of their best 
playin my guitar 
I spent about an hour trying to figure out why my tuner wasn't working .... it wasn't turned on . I feel really stupid right now . 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO EVERYONE ! 
Going to a wedding today , I have to get all dressed up 
... and buddy has just changed the channel ... again 
" They call me The Seeker I've been searching low and high I won't get to get what I'm after Till the day I die ' -That song is stuck in my head right now 
Is feeling very sick 
I ... Love ... Daft Punk 
is listening to forest by system of a down 
You'd be surprised how much the words ' You're stupid ' can bring you down 
is Really wishing she had her computer back so she could get some sleep and work on this stupid history essay later , but that's not going to happen any time soon 
eating chili that i just finished making . Added hot sauce and onions !!! Im in heaven ! 
listening to a Quick One While He's Away by the Who ........ new favorite song other than Last Night On Earth(that song is so sweet :) 
Can't sleep 
... Andy's over , cooking stuff ..... doing other random stuff ... 
I don't know why nobody told you how to unfold your love I don't know how someone controlled you they bought and sold you 
Feels like a complete piece of shit right now because Someone trusted me with something and I betray that trust ... sorry 
And your mom would drink until she was no longer speaking And dad would dream of all the different ways to die Each one a little more than he could dare to try 
is currently watching Star Trek episode 44 , Trouble with Tribbles . Call me a gueek but Im a bit of a trekkie .... so what ? 
now listening to the Beatles 1 and singing to eight days a week . I know all these lyrics like the back of my hand . 
im really loving neutral milk hotel right now :) 
Losted her ipod ... :( 
is soooo tired 
i feel like my heart just sank even deeper into my stomach than it was before 
listening to A Day At The Races .... haven't heard this one in a while 
I love being alone . It just makes me feel so wanted(not really , everyone hates me ) 
inside I hope you know im dying , with my heart beside me in shattered pieces that may never be replaced , and if i died right now you'd never be the same 
listening to NOFX , still can't find my ipod 
Loves the Fur Elise 
the people who are on Jerry Springer right now seem to think that beating the shit out of someone who says they don't love you will make them love you .... what's new ? 
tired , baking cookies and drinking black coffee :) 
Is watching Weeds :) 
I love family guy :D :D :D :D :D :D :D 
I literally just had a huge cup of black coffee and about thirteen large glasses of water .. . I'm HYPER !!!!!! :) 
And when some local kid gets down They try an ' drum him outta town They say , " Ya coulda least faked it , boy " Fake it , boy ( Ooh , stranger , boy ) At an early age he hits the streetWinds up tired with who he meetsAn ' he's unemployed ( Unemployed ? ) Ow ! 
Just got back from the Green Day concert it was absolutely brilliant The opening act sucked though , Well , the band was good but the lead singer sounded as though he was either getting castrated or he was constipated or possibly both but they only played 
Tux is sucha scared little kitty ... he's adorable though !!! 
god my feet hurt like a bitch 
HUNTINGTON BEACH , Calif . - The drummer with Avenged Sevenfold , a rising force in the heavy metal scene , died on Monday at his home in southern California , the group and authorities said . James Owen Sullivan , nicknamed " The Rev , " appeared to have died of natural causes , Huntington Beach police Lt . John Domingo said . He was 28 . The Orange County coroner's office is investigating the death . 
In liht of the new year i think we all must pay our last respects to Michael Jackson , Jimmy ( the Rev ) Sullivan , Brittany Murphy , Farrah Faucette , and B Arthur(laby from the golden girls ) 
My mom is buddhist , and apparently it is against her religion to watch south park .... so im stuck watching the three stooges .... THIS IS CRUEL AND UNUSUAL PUNISHMENT !!!! SOMEBODY SAVE ME !!!!! 
Happy New Year!!!!!!Let's hope its waaay better than ' 09 !!! 
I love the moments that ur with ur family and you wish they would never end cuz ur having a good time , but I hate when everyone leaves . It makes me feel like somethings missing . 
old Dexter's Lab episodes and a pack of raw mushrooms ..... HEAVEN 
is tired and cranky because the f*ckin deusche bags outside our room will not shut the hell up and go to bed 
is watching napoleoon dynamite and slowly cheering up ..... you'd be suprised at how much a picture of yourself can bring you down 
I cant keep holding on to what you got , when all you've got is hurt 
tofu chili !!!!! YAY !!! 
re-reading the Catcher In The Rye , TRYING to get back to sleep but so far I am not having any such luck 
fell asleep for an hour , had a horribly bad dream involving rosie o'donnel giant misquitos and the dude from slipknot , then i woke up 
i officially have the gayest , most AWESOME dog in the world !!!! Love you Buddy <3 
watching old pokemon until my eyeballs bleed and pop out of their sockets 
Dexter has balls of steel . We dont close for anything .... unfortunately 
Currently listening to the Beatles 1 . The only thing bad about this album is the Ballad of John and Yoko ... 
just saw avatar , it was awesome :) :) :) :) :) :P 
listening to manson , watching football , heavily disliking the Dallas Cowboys cuz they're bastards and they're winning D: 
just woke up like ...... an hour ago at 3pm lol 
listening to Radio Head ..... cleaning my room ..... drinking water ...... bored ... as ... hell 
Im the class of ' 13 in the era of decent A hostage of the soul on a strike to pay the rent the last of the rebels without a common gound , I gotta light a fire into the underground ! 
is blessing her ears with the godly melodies of Jimi Hendrix . Peace :) 
Downloading more queen on itunes , other than that i am not feeling very good 
listening to MC5 ..... doing my history homework for once :) 
I would really like to punch Donovan McNabb in the face right now 
Beatles , a carmel latte , driving , and batman pj bottoms ..... im in HEAVEN 
is in love with Jake & Ellwood .... if you dont know who they are , you are suffering culturally 
I LOVE Ann Arbor . It's the awesomest place in ze world 
looking at houses ... surprisingly this is more fun than it seems 
' It's a matter of professional integrity ! No girl wants to marry a doctor who can't tell if a man's dead or not!'-Sherlock Holmes 
watching young Frankenstein !!! Love this movieeee 
JD Salinger is dead :( RIP 
Juno is sooooo cute ! :) 
is no longer in heaven , infact , this could very well be considered hell by any standards 
I AM ON A MISSION FROM GOD !!! lol 
I'll wait in this place where the sun never shines ; Wait in this place where the shadows run from themselves . 
listening to Viva La Gloria ... awesome song 
Oasis rocks ........ life is comparatively OK 
hates living in a world full of selfish egotistical people 
listening to paramore 
The stupid computer is being a dick , but what else is new 
Life is too short to wake up with regrets . So love the people who treat you right . Forget about the one's who don't . Believe everything happens for a reason . If you get a second chance , grab it with both hands . If it changes your life , let it . Nobody said life would be easy , they just promised it would be worth it . Post to your wall if you agree ! 
watching Bonnie & Clyde 
I love the Doors :) 
' McLovin ? What kind of name is that Fogle ? What , do you want to be some sort of irish R&B singer ? ' lol i love superbad 
fingers stopped tingling ... I guess that could be considered a good thing 
Is Listenin to A7X ! Critical Acclaim , to be exact 
I love Marty McFly lol . 
I tear my heart open , I sew myself shut my weakness is , that I care too much 
In the end , im just another fucked up little human , why should I matter to anyone ? 
looks like a cool drink of water , but he's candy coated misery 
is laughing her ass off watching Shane Dawson(thank you lee ) 
is shopping for a cheap desktop computer 
Purple haze all in my brain lately things don't seem the same Acting funny and i don't know why excuse me while i kiss the sky 
You'd be surprised at the great amount of lyrical inspiration one gets from going to church ( and not because I liked it either ) 
Even though I severely dislike Journey , I cannot stop listening to ' Don't Stop Believing ' ..... what is the world coming to ?!?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (infinite exclamation points to over exaggerate this problem I am having with stupid 80s power rock ) 
in that virginity thingy , I meant to say old maid 
I love Roy Orbison 
Words are pouring out like endless rain into a paper cup , they slither while they pass they slip away across the universe , pools of sorrow waves of joy are drifting through my open mind possessing and caressing me 
blech ... sick . Ugh , at least I have Invader Zim and late work to keep me preoccupied 
the cat is very amused by the string i am dragging on the floor ... 
One last chance to reverse this curse , you stole my heart but i had it first 
is drinking one huge cup of strong black coffee ... YUM !!! 
I hate Axl Rose , but I love Guns N ' Roses 
izzzzz listening to fall out boy , and has lost her ipod 
listening to Taylor Swift , she's actually really good 
While cleaning my room I have found 30 empty cans of diet dr pepper , 40 bottles of water , 1 American Idiot cd , 1 pink Ferbie , my printer , numerous gum wrappers , 1 empty sourpatch box , tons of homework , my history book , and my lost copy of Master of Puppets , Among all this useless crap I still have not seen the 8 gb of my life that went missing two days ago it very sad . 
I luuuuuuuuuuve the Office ...... and skittles . I like other things too , it's just that thoae particular things are alott better . 
Taylor Swift is awesome to my ears right now :( 
Modest Mouse rocks 
hahahahahaha , shane dawson :) 
Since I'm stereotyped to kill and destruct , its one of the main reasons why I don't give a fuck ( Love N.W.A. , 100 miles and runnin ) 
Now you don't talk so loud Now you don't seem so proud About having to be scrounging for your next meal . How does it feel How does it feel To be without a home Like a complete unknown Like a rolling stone ? 
watchin the dark knight :) 
watchin the red carpet . gettin rid of a stupid headache that i got from dehydration . I think spending the better part of my day at the mall had something to do with it too . 
A part of me just died a little inside :( Bob Bryar is no longer the drummer of My Chemical Romance . It seems to me that lately all of the bad stuff is happening to the best bands . This stinks . Im gonna go drink a two liter bottle of Dr. Pepper . When life pisses in my face , Dr. Pepper is the key . 
I love Robert Allan Zimmerman ( props if u know who that is :) 
I love Mott The Hoople 
my nose feels like an inflated red balloon :( at least I have Puffs plus with the comforting scent of vicks to soothe it 
Do or die , you'll never make me Because the world will never take my heart Go and try , you'll never break me 
made a pizza , listened to one of the worlds ' best composers , watched south park , and cleaned the kitchen a bit . I'm tired . 
so tired , tired of waiting , tired of waiting for you 
I just got Fable 2 !!! so excited ! 
I extremely dislike being sick :( I seriously feel like Ive just blown my brains and possibly a good fourth of my guts out of my nose ..... Also , being sick puts me in the mood to listen to tons of old school rap music ..... interesting 
Had tons of fun spending the day in Ann Arbor w/ Free Prevost :) :) :) :) :) :) I love that place!It's soooo awesome :) 
A seven nation army couldn't hold me back :) 
Listening to the white stripes , attempting to organize all of my school work 
I fail to comprehend the logic of using spoons instead of an actual scooper to scoop ice cream . Especially when the spoons get all bent up and ruined in the process . 
I have the best dog in the world :) 
no sleep for me tonight 
Listening to the Wall .... Such a masterpiece of an album :) 
going to watch code geass while spending all night on algebra homework that I really should have done ages ago .... 
I'm tired of being drowned by people who are trying to help me , who only ever end up pushing me deeper into the water 
see you , space cowboy ...... :) 
on to homework ... and more code geass for the next ten or so hours :) 
I love my family . Enough said . 
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha ......................................................................................................................... lol 
I don't like cold coffee .... :( 
My thoughts are for Japan and it's citizens :( mother nature is a bitch 
We constantly want more material items , but in a time of chrisis would our ipods , cellphones , computers or gaming systems really be that important anymore ? Thousands of people in japan are confirmed dead , even more so are missing Think about that the next time you complain about not having what you want . 
I'm absolutely in love with Jar Of Hearts right now :) 
I swear my dad bitches about every damn thing under the sun .... 
:) Listening to the Spill Canvas :) 
Edward Cullen = Overgrown Dead Fetus 
watching the Girl with the Dragon Tattoo .. :) 
watching the Rocky Horror Picture Show ..... pretty good movie so far :) 
Bakin a birthday cake ... :P 
had sooooo much fun in ann arbor yesterday :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) 
You only hear the music when your heart begins to break .... 
there's no such thing as undying love or everlasting friendship 
I have Friday stuck in my head , and it WILL NOT leave ...... I have been blasting Cradle of Filth for the past HOUR and it's STILL THERE ..... somebody PLEASE SHOOT ME D: 
Green Day , Pink Floyd , Led Zeppelin , U2 , MCR , A7X , the White Stripes , the Black Keys , the Doors , Metallica , the Beatles , the Spill Canvas , the Who , the Clash , Van Halen , the Strokes , Cream , Jimmi Hendrix , Rage Against the Machine , Linkin Park , Disturbed , Tool , AC/DC , GNR , Fallout Boy , Daft Punk , the Gorillaz , Marilyn Manson , Five Finger Death Punch , Megadeth , Alice in Chains , the Rolling Stones , the Eagles , 
I miss my Buddy and Smokey :( 
I am in LOVE with Bailey's coffee creamer :) :) :) :) 
I has fun bashing stupid Politicians ... :) 
Why is it that technology is continuously srewing me over today ? 
I just found THE BEST website for free dubbed anime !!!! This makes my day ... or at least the hour 1/2 left of it at any rate ... 
now watching Rear Window ..... I love Hitchcock 
Now watching A Clockwork Orange , and I love it :) :) :) :) 
Give me your heart , make it real , or else forget about it :) Song of the day : Smooth By : Santana 
Watching Weeds , waiting for my creme brulee to be done :( it's taking forever 
trying in every possible way to forget about the assholes in my life , and making an effort to be happy for once with out them bringing me down 
feels so happy about the rescue of the chilean miners today :) 2nd highlight of my month , next to my insanely fawesome sketch pad 
I really really really do not like twilight :( 
My dad is blasting Alan Jackson ..... I'm pretty sure I have died and gone to hell . 
Before I run far away 
I need to take a holiday 
Maybe it's a fall from grace 
I gotta find a new place 

Holiday- Boys Like Girls <3 
Lestat and Dracula could kick the sparkling pansy(Edward Cullen's)ass 
lol ... I left the volume on the tv at 34 and my dad just turned it on and got blasted with Perfect Weapon by the Black Veil Brides ...... I'm evil :) 
watching the Exorcist 
watching Bored to Death lol :) best show ever next to Mad Men and Fringe 
people who were once my friends now seem like vacant houses on an old and abandoned road , they leave me stone cold and do not welcome me in anymore 
woke up this morning feeling less like P . Diddy , and more like Tupac 
I hate how my ipod only has 8 feeble gigs of space on it 
why do i care so much about the judgement of someone who hates me ? 
top 15 tv shows : 
1 ) Family Guy 
2)Mad Men 
3)Bored to Death 
4)Project Runway 
5)True Blood 
6 ) Anderson Cooper 360 
7)the Osbournes 
8 ) South Park 
9)Daria 
10)All That 
11 ) Real Time With Bill Maher 
12 ) the O'Reilly Factor(because I like laughing at Billy Boy ) 
13 ) Fringe 
14)Tim and Eric 
15)the Venture Bros 
you father's rage and your mother's love made me the idiot america 
I cant believe I lost my Fellowship of The Ring disc ! Right when I really really really really really really want to watch the whole trilogy ! I hate myself right now 
making a new itunes library , so far I have downloaded Bob Dylan , Cream , Led Zeppelin , Green Day , the Who , and the Beatles only about 75 more bands to add ! Yippie ! I could possibly be done with this tedious task in the next 10 hours 
is listening to Toxicity , pretty good album :) 
feels really sick , but cant stay home because the people i live with won't let me . 
Hollywood Undead rock :) 
Billie Jean is an AMAZING song ... I love MJ 
yum ... coffee and dr. pepper :) 
I swear to god , teen pregnancy has probably gone down by 50% since Black Ops came out .... 
jam :D ude Looks Like A Lady , mood : deprived of coffee 
Had the best time ever at treya's .... The Crow is my new favorite movie .... lol ! 
It's times like these when i am reminded of how music is the air I breathe , and how without it I would not exsist 
My ipod ( aka 8gb of pure evils that seeks to destroy me ) just gave me the black screen of death 
I have just discovered the awesomeness of Audioslave . Haha 
I just found a library book that was due on April 24th , 2008 ..... 
Listenin to old school Costello ... :) 
I knew that ass had it in for the dog ... 
I was officially ungrounded as of a week ago so u can stop hiding the xbox cable 
Just found and downloaded Appetite For Destruction ! Makes me smile :) 
In less than twenty four hours I will officially be halfway to thirty .... yay , im old . 
Working on my power point for english 
anxious about life right now 
Left my jimi Hendrix shirt in mi :( 
listenin to the Gorillaz ...... Thinkin Im gonna watch Die Hard later 
10 things I love : 1)music 2)family/friends 3)the smell of hyacinths 4)my guitar 5)my dawg Buddy 6)my cat Smokey 7)horror movies 8)my plants 9)my pretty bed sheets 10)Dr pepper 
Listening to the Marshall Mathers LP .... the first album I ever fully remember listening to on a constant basis on the way home from catholic school when I was a kid ... :) 
is now watching the most epic battle known to mankind 
Song of the day : Angela by : Jarvis Cocker :) 
Watched ' I Love You Man ' for the first time in months , and now I can't get Tom Sawyer out of my head 
Jam : Voodoo Child , Mood : Sleepy 
dying .... of .... boredom .... Gonna go listen to Led ZeppelinII , hopefully that will cure it ....... I love Black Dog 
You've been Thunderstruck 
I love staying up late 
Watching Dr. Strangelove :) I love Kubrick 
unleashing my inner jedi at the moment ... 
i hate everything about me 
in five hours I have listened to : Zeppelin , Aerosmith , Metallica , the Beatles and Clapton 
owwwwwww ..... tooth ... hurts ... REALLY BAD :( :( :( 
watching No Country For Old Men . What's the most you ever lost in a coin toss ? 
going back to mi today , nothing could be more depressing 
SYSTEM OF A DOWN ROCKS !!!!! 
inside your restless soul , your heart is dying . Little one , little one the sky is fallin , of love and razorblades your blood is searching . Runaway from the river to the street , and find yourself with your face in the gutter . You're a stray from the salvation army . There is no place like home , when you've got no place to go - Little Girl by : Green Day . -song of the day 
listening to Prince :) 
Watching Interview . Im addicted . 
mom is having a major nostalgia moment , It is extremely uncomfortable :( 
Jam : Scream , Mood : sleepy Goodnight ! 
is madly in love with Ronnie Radke's voice 
Woke up at 6am this morning ..... This is not supposed to happen in the summer 
downloading Iron Maiden and Megadeath , next will be David Bowie and U2 
I must say , my Ramones poster looks utterly radiant next to our favorite little Hobbit , Frodo :) 
Life is the savage garden . Full of Flowers which , from a distance are breathtaking , but up close we find that they are ugly weeds which will prick at our fingers with their sharp thorns . 
Now watching the Blair Witch Project 
I cannot believe that Franken Berry is only sold on amazon . com and for $28.00 !! this is highway robbery ! I shouldn't have to pay that much to taste the delight that is my favorite pink monster 
I . LOVE . MOVIES . 
Must watch every movie on the American Film Institute's list ... this may take a while 
just watched Iron Man 2 ...... It was FAMAZING ! 
feeling very glum 
moving four months before school ends is really going to screw me over ..... ugh 
lovin Floyd right now :) 
gollum has a freakishly HUGE head ... 
Lil Wayne and Young Money :) 
just watched the Return Of The King .... I'm still crying 
youtube is being a complete bastard right now ... 
Lady Gaga scares me :( ...... but I should be used to it , I listen to Manson 
Song of the day : Vampire Money by : My Chemical Romance :) :) :) :) 
Weighed my DM's today . 1lb each haha 
I think today must be asshole day 
is watchin Bleach 
watchin 8 mile 
reading the funniest essay ever on deviantart and laughing my ass off while doing so ... 
awesome family = awesome xmas !! I LOVE YOU ALL !!!! 
Bakin bread :) 
119 schools closed .... still no dexter 
List of things that Best Friends are : They are the people who can make you scream in the middle of a crowded hallway , they are the people that you can have crazy iside jokes about pickles with , they are the people make you lol over insane obsessions or random-wig-wearing , and most of all , they are the best people you will ever meet . So never let them go :) 
I give up 
Iam lovin Ziggy Stardust :) 
count on death note for some very dramatic chocolate eating scenes ... 
burnin an Aerosmith cd :) next is zz top , then Van Halen , then U2 :) :) :) :) 
Cannot sleeepppppppppppppp . AT ALL . I wish I could be watching Harry Potter And The Deathly Hallows Part 1 right now ......................................................... 
SOmebody please tell me .... is there school or not ? 
has just realized how awesome the old ETF stuff sounds :( to bad it can never be that way again , but the new stuff is awesome too 
Delaware is NOT my home , nor will it ever BE my home . But fuck my opinion , right ? I'm used to dropping everything Ive ever known for other people so this shouldn't be a big deal for me 
im tired but i cannot sleep ....... huge effin headache to deal with right now .... :( 
is falling in love with the White Stripes :) 
I love listening to the Smashing Pumpkins :) 
power school is being a bastard :( 
FEVER IS GONNNEEEEE !!!.... had a great thanksgiving besides being sick most of the day , and not being able to eat the meal . I love my family . Y'all are amazing :) 
I do not understand why we have to leave at 4am when we have the whole goddamned day tomorrow to spend ten hours in the car listening to shitty music and slamming on the breaks so hard it makes the passenger in the back seat's head hit the floor 
1 math review , 1 science review , late work to catch up on , english work .... what to accomplish first 
Jam : La Grange , Mood : Rockin :) 
trying to find a place to hang MCR ..... I have realized that I have more shit than I thought I did 
has california dreaming stuck in her head D: 
hates it when little children use obsessive amounts of curse words just to make themselves sound cool .... 
When all you know is so far away and everything is temporary 
I love Modest Mouse right now 
Inception was AMAZING :) :) :) :) 
Hates being the fly who always gets caught in the middle of a web of bullshit 
Thinking about heavy metal , and death note ..... and anime club ..... mostly anime club :) 
Watching Bringing Up Baby :) hehehe 
school time .... yippie ... 
is currently Drawing :) 
Had a dream the other day that Darth Vader was sitting in our kitchen eating lucky charms ... 
Can't nelieve school's almost over :( Im sad because I know there's a good chance that I won't any of you wonderful people ever again :( 
I'm not broke , but you can see the cracks 
I still can't belive I'm seeing U2 on the 30th , it will be the most amazing day this year :) 
Song of the Day : It Was Written In Blood by : Bring Me The Horizon 
And if your head explodes with dark forebodings too , I'll see you on the dark side of the moon . 
I love Coldplay :) 
Stupid activation code for classzone ISN'T WORKING!It's funny how they decide to pull this shit right when I actually WANT to do my homework .... like they have somesort of ' Screw Up Laura's Life ' beeper that goes off every single opportunity it gets or something ... 
Looking at houses in connecticut :) 
im fucking up left and right today ...... ah well , must watch more Star Trek ... and drink more coffee 
I vow to always stay faithful to my friends 
I vow that I will tell someone how I really feel , even if it means they might get hurt 
I vow to not be coward 
I vow never to be a fake 
Like my status and I'll tell you : 1 . Something I've learned about you from looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 . The color you remind me of . 3 . My first memory of you . 4 . The animal you remind me of . 5 . Ask something I've always wondered about you . 6 . My favorite thing about you . 7 . Give ... you a weird nickname . 8 . Dare you to repost 
like a friend , we saw it through . In the end I gave my life for you . 
Listening to Disturbed :) :) :) :) :) :) :) 
goin to dexter :) :) :) :) :) :P 
I used to be an ok kid . Then I got hold of a manson tee shirt and a copy of Dookie ... All moral values were flushed down the toilet . Probablt mom and dad's sanity went with them ... 
Jam : Animal I Have Become , Mood : satisfied :) 
Metallica :) 
Oh my dear coffee , whatever would I do without you ? 
THE MOUSE WORKS !!!!!! 
the Girl With The Dragon Tattoo is amazing . Easily one of the best movies we own :) 
FIVE MINUTES LATE !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I really want to watch 30 Days Of Night right now . I've been suffering from gore deprivation syndrome for too long .... 
my room has now been officially declared dangerous to walk through . YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED ! 
I HAVE A LAPTOP CHARGER THAT WORKS !!!!!!!!!! :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) 
I slept for four hours .... now I won't be able to sleep at all .... Internet is being a huge pooshitter , and before you ask , yes , I did just say pooshitter . Don't ask , just another example of how random I am ..... 
I can see my floor .... this is an epic day indeed :) 
All I want is a little of the Good Life 
I really do not like Vince Vaughn at all ... 
facebook stalking people is soooo fun :D 
damn science homework .... grrrrrrr .... but at least I get to watch Bleach while im doing it ... YAY .... lol , im a nerd ... 
I hate hypocrites 
apparently I'm weird .... I knew that already , and actually , I am quite proud of it :) 
MIGHT see Avenged Sevenfold !!!!!!!! And Hollywood Undead !!!!!!!!!! arrrrrrghhhhhhhh .... if I cant go im gonna be sad :( 
wants very badly to snuggle up in her nice , warm bed with her lovely animals <3 
MADLY in love with This is War , by 30 seconds to mars .... amazing song 
My American Idiot CD seems to have sprouted legs and run away from me :( 
is watching oprah :) 
so glad I don't have to go to gym tomorrow ... 
ok so it's almost 5am , I have to leave for a seven hour long trip in less than three hours , I haven't even begun to pack , and my shit is literally strewn out across the entire room .... Do I know how to prepare or what ? 
is waiting for her best friend to get online !!!!! gahhhh !!!! 
Jam : Icky Thump , Mood : Rockin 
Is reading the Iliad :) :) :) :) 
American Idiot , poprocks , and coffee just made my day 
watching the Departed .... 
2001 definitley goes on my list of all time favorite sci-fi flicks :) :) :) :) 
I am such a nerd :P 
Wastenaw county , do not fail me now . I flushed four icecubes down the toilet today ! FOUR . 
summer makes me want to listen to AC/DC , the Beach Boys , and Led Zeppelin 
Jam : Enter Sandman , Mood : life is a bitch 
of all the rediculous band names Ive heard , Dead Fetus surely takes the cake ... 
I <3 the White Stripes :) 
I LOVE MY NEW SKETCH BOOK !!!! THANK YOU TREYA'S GRANDMA !!!!...... also thanyou Erika for being the delivery person , and Maitreyaaaa because you are AWESOME ! 
is drawing princess Leia 
Now listening to the ORIGINAL Sweet Child Of Mine to hopefully repair atleast half of the damage that my ears were just subjected to fifteen minutes ago .... 
drummer for Slipknot just died . Prolly over dosed , because there was drug paraphernalia at the scene . Honestly ? What is the world coming to .... 
Jam : Coma White , Mood : bored 
is now drawing Lestat :) 
I don't deserve the life I have . I don't deserve the family I was born into , they're all too nice and kindhearted and Im such a mean person to them 
I love writing essays <3 
Who would go out to the store at midnight just to buy Eclipse ? 
Life does not need a definition like normal or weird , it just needs to be lived with love and kindness 
.... I miss my babies :( . Buddy and Smokey , I love you <3 
for some reason I really want to listen to The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust ..... I will when Im done listening to Danger Days for the second time :) 
is listening to the Smiths :DDDD 
At least now that it's the summer I wont have any of my parent's little spies on here telling them when Im online . 
I am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together ... I love John Lennon 
I hate listening to rap without profanity , it's like Peanut Butter without Jelly ... 
haha ... apple whithdrawl symptoms .... 
Deathly Hallows Part one was amazing ... Beutifully acted , and it definitley captured the feeling of the book :) I want to see it again :) :) :) 
does not plan on getting any sleep tonight .... 
drinking some very strong coffee ...... ** wails**I MISS REDBULL !!!!!!!!! **sobs ** 
Wants to know how it'spossible to type in Jimmy Page , and get a picture of Mark Hamill ... 
... I ... Want ... Coffee ... 
TOOTH HURTS !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
L died ..... Im crying :( 
New MCR album released today :) :) :) makes me happpyyyy 
PANTERA <3 one of the bestest metal bands ever :) 
is still having a hard time believing Jimmy Sullivan is gone :( 
Carpal tunnel is a five letter word D: But rockin out to vivaldi helps the pain numb down 
I am thankful for my best friends this thanksgiving . You guys make me laugh when I feel like crying , live when Ifeel like dying , and you force me to see the sun on a cloudy day . The best part is , you don't even know the half of how much you all mean to me . I would be nowhereright now if not for you guys :) to- Lee Cannarella , Erika Bowlsby , Maitreya Menge , and Adrianna Crick 
According to my lovely sister Megan Helena Comisiak , the roads are " TRECHEROUS " ... Let's hope Dexter schools think so too . 
Phase one of the rubber band ball project has begun 
Snap , Crackle and Pop are gay with the Keebler elves .... 
HOLY SCHNITZEL !!!!!!!!! WE GOT A SNOW DAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I Hate James Joyce 
I have Purple Haze stuck in my head 
ICP makes me SICK . I dont know how people can fathom listening to them for more than 
a MICROSECOND . 
Parental unit #1 lives in a diffirent state , parental unit #2 works from 2- 11:30 at night , sibling unit is either at work or at library . That is why I don't plan dinner because reason A ) there's nobody around , and reason B ) I'd bet you my life that if I did make something nobody would touch it anyway , so stop complaining 
listening to manson and cleaning :) 
..... I miss my star wars poster :( 
Put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay . My wish is 
that people will understand that being gay is not a disease or a choice 
-People who are gay are not looking for a cure , they are looking for 
ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS . 93% won't copy and paste this . 
... Will you make it your status for at least one hour ? Promo ...... te 
Love & Acceptance ! NOT hate . Period . 
Listening to Slipknot ..... Poor Paul Gray :( 
You know you've watched too many horror movies when water starts dripping from your sink and the sound freaks you out ... 
Listening to Enema of The State ... this is like a flash from the past 
Jam : Ghost of The Navigator , Mood : Peace :))) 
nobody in their right mind would compare JK Rowling to Stephenie Meyer 
I'm so damn bored I'm going blind 
Another Brick In the Wall 
finished reading V For Vendetta :) Alan Moore is hands down one of the best comic creators of all time .... Listening to Cream now , trying to sleep . It's not working 
Watching Aqua Teen .... I can literally feel my brain cells whithering away in my head 
Watchin Aliens :) :) :) :) :) I love sci-fi ! 
Saw Eclipse ..... My eyes are still burning , but the dude who plays Jasper is Hot :) 
SO TIRED 
about to make some vegetarian pizza 
:) 
Has been listening to Mott and Led Zepp nonstop all weekend :) 
I swear to god if I listen to another minute of According To You , I will become clinically insane :( This is coming from someone who survived THE 90s ..... 
ahhhhhhh metalocalypse .......... it's been far too long 
I am now going to have nightmares about skiing ostriches for the rest of my life ..... o . 0 
Metallica and Sabbath .... All I have to say is ... AMAZING :) 
has come to the conclusion that too much caffeine and horror movies = really cool , yet insanely freaky dreams about zombies . I am not talking Night of the Living Dead zombies either , Im talking scary scared-you-for-life zombies ..... 
Song of the day : Crazy Bitch by : Buckcherry :) :) :) 
watchin Fringe :) 
Let me take you down cause I'm going to strawberry fields , nothing is real , and nothing to get hung about , strawberry fields forever 
just got done cleaning my carpet w/ bleach and oxy clean ... IT WORKED !!! No more coffee stains !.... but now the upstair hallway smells like bleach , and so do I so that part sorta sucks ... 
Just got Nightmare in the mail :) Already importing the disc on itunes :) :) :) :) :) :) 
Song of the day : Kids In Love by : Mayday Parade 
Always quick to defend yourself , always quick to blame another person . That's how selfish you are . 
huge huge HUGE mfin centipede !!! I swear to god this thing is like Terminator centipede or something ..... It's scary :( 
Bruce Springsteen rocks :) 
HITLER FISH !!!!!!!!!! 
I want to know how Storm Troopers , with tons of armor and ammo , get taken down by Ewoks .... It doesn't make sense 
my mother just said that metallica sounds like ozzy ...... We cannot possibly be related 
attempting to master the art of the tofu burger 
I don't call it praying ... I call it hoping like hell 
in need of a feel good movie , so im gonna watch Misery 
lalalalalalala .............. booooorrrrrrrrrredddddddddd 
gaahhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!Writer's block is thee worst ailment known to humankind !!!!! 
I'll wait in this place where the sun never shines , Wait in this place where the shadows run from themselves- White Room , Cream 
Viva La Vida 
Jam : Prom Queen , Mood : chillen 
3more days of freedom before I get sent , completely unarmed , into HELL ... 
Daft Punk :) 
It really peeves me when little children use obscene amounts of profanity just to sound ' cool ' ...... It's aggravating as hell , and it gives me headaches . You don't sound cool , you sound stupid . 
Watching SpongeBob makes me feel like an intelligent human being 
has a major headache from assholes who decide to turn on their brights when they really don't need to .... 
Went to see Guys and Dolls last night . It was amazing :) 
Grrrrrr .......... Woke up this morning with wwhite black and pink colors on my laptop screen and I don't know how the hell it happened :( 
soy un perdedor 
Downloading October :) :) :) I love U2 :) 
listening to Buckcherry . Josh Todd's voice is cool :) 
My amazing mom pre-ordered Nightmare for me .... I will listen to it nonstop when it gets to the apartment :) :) :) Too bad it will most likely be their last album as Avenged Sevenfold :( 
music is definitley my drug of choice 
Had a sudden urge to revisit the days of old and decided to listen to old Britney Spears hits . Makes me remember that , once upon a time in a galaxy far far away , I owned a copy of baby one more time . Not my choice , but I cant say I didn't enjoy it all the same . 
Just heard that they're doing a remake of child's play .... What is the world coming to ? 
We are going to have school tomorrow , No ifs , ands or buts about it . If Ann Arbor hasn't closed , we sure as hell won't so there's no point in getting all excited about it 
STAR TREK !!!!!!!! :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) 
the Beatles , or Led Zeppelin ? Pick which one you like the best . 
screw it , im staying up 
limewire is being a bitch right now :( 
Pan's Labyrinth is amazing 
I get really peeved when people sit around and complain about stuff , when it is in their control , and they can do something to change it . Be proactive , not reactive . It's not that hard . 
Love is blindness , I don't want to see 
Here comes the Sun Kig 
May the force be with you 
ugh .... toothache .... 
Fifteen favorite albums : 
1 ) American Idiot 
2)Abbey Road 
3)Welcome to the Black Parade 
4 ) Avenged Sevenfold 
5 ) Achtung Baby 
6 ) Ocean Eyes 
7 ) Blue 
8 ) Van Halen 1 
9 ) Sweet Baby James 
10)Who's Next 
11 ) Straight Outta Compton 
12 ) Discovery 
13)Blood On The Tracks 
14 ) Pet Sounds 
15)Master of Puppets 
3rd cup of coffee this morning :) 
Watching Daria :) I missed this show so much 
Song of the day : Search and Destroy by : Iggy and the Stooges :) 
LalalLLLalalalalalAlLalalalalalalalalaaalalahdhdgehehejwbdyxuwmdhducjdjuwuiqwertyuoopasgdhfjfkglncdn/)/)627/ ! $/8@/)/$ : $ -!/&- 8 :) 36366718&1&&&$$$)/)/&& : 8&)$/)/)/$ 
I don't love you like I did yesterday 
has a headache .... hoping some heavy metal will get rid of it :) 
People are not cereal boxes ... we don't need lables 
my soda can seems to have sprouted legs , and walked away from me 
New ipod :) 160 gbs of awesomeness :) YAY ! 
Has a fever ... this is the best day of my life 
Big fat thankyous to all the wonderful peoples who wished me a happy birthday both on facebook , aand anywhere else !!! You guys are awesome :) :) :) 
R.I.P. Nick King 
listening to Nightmare(album ) is so weird because the Rev's voice is in every song .... :( 
Song of the day : the Guillotine by Escape the Fate 
Song of the Day : When I go Out , I'm Going Out on A Chariot of Fire by : Escape the Fate 
just realized that blood is pouring out of her nose ... FUN 
I reallt hate crying 
Naruto :) 
Song of the day : Hurricane by 30 Seconds to Mars(feat . Kanye West ) 
SUCKIEST . MOVIE . ENDING . EVER . 
R.I.P. Sean Haviland :( 
Gonna see Harry Potter Seven part 1 in less than a half hour !!!! EEEEEEEKKKK !!!! SOOO EXCITED ! 
New single by My Chemical Romance is amazing ... the New album is gonna be orgasmic .... 
Song of theday : You're Gonna Go Far Kid by : the Offspring 
Hates racist conservative assholes ..... at least , at 12 am , anyway .... 
Watching Scott Pilgrim :) :) :) it rocks so far :) :) :) 
Let It Be is the most overplayed Beatles song ever ......... 
it's sometimes overwhelming when I think about how much my friends mean to me . Before I met them , my life was dull , now that I know them , I can't imagine living without them . It would be like a butterfly without wings . I want you all ( you know who you are ) to know that you are my wings , and without you I cannot fly . Just sayin ' 
I hate when people take pictures of me , and yet they insist on doing so anyway ... Believe me , nothing is more depressing to look at . 
I just had a daydream that ulysses(aka the most sloggish book i have ever attempted to read ) sprouted legs and arms , and began smacking me upside the head ..... 
Watching Meet Me In St. Louis :) 
apparently nobody in this house actually knows how to knock on a door before they barge in except me ... can get really annoying sometimes 
Song of the day : Stay Together For The Kids by : Blink- 182 :) 
has officially fallen in love with the first Boys Like Girls album all over again .... 
Song of the day : Tik Tok by Ke$ha 
ahhhhhh Linkin Park :) It's been far too long ... 
I just ' liked ' about 20 something diffirent things .... I'm officially addicted to ' liking ' things on facebook 
Dude from cellphone commercial : It makes sense when you don't think about it .. 
Me : pshhhhhh , yeah , so did the Bush presidency ... 
has a thousand regrets , and can't let them go 
If the music is too loud , then you're too old 
Cracking up over funny quotes that I'm reading online ... LOL 
Essay is DONE . Now I have to work on those damn sentences ..... booyah , i can't wait .... 
Death star shine , ligt up the sky .... Song of the day : Give Me A Sign by : Breaking Benjamin :) 
Song of the day : Like a Stone by Audioslave :) booyah 
I swear , Tomo Milicevec's guitar solos make me cry sometimes 
Just got Danger Days in the mail :) ..... I can alreadytell that I will never regret this purchase 
i miss limewire .... my life is empty now :( 
the town od dexter has zero cultural diversity .... it's actually quite boring 
Can't wait til HP 7 part 1 comes out :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) 
NEEDS . COFFEE . NOW !. 
We're Sgt . Pepper's lonely hearts club band , sit back and let the evening go ... 
It's a pathetic world we live in today . 
Song of the day : Na Na Na by My Chemica Romance 
Exciteeeedddddddd .... new story ideasssssss :) 
lol .... metallica in history today . Even if it wasn't nearly as loud as I sometimes blast it in my room , it's still cool that my history teacher likes them :) 
Mean Mister Mustard sleeps in the park 
Shaves in the dark trying to save paper 
Sleeps in a hole in the road 
Saving up to buy some clothes 
Keeps a ten bob note up his nose 
Such a mean old man 
I wonder if ipods can sprout legs ...... 
Song of the day : All Because of You by : U2 
Song of the day : Black Betty by Bad Company 
Who stays up til the wee hours of the morning on a coffee high wrighting crappy poems and lyrics ? Pshhhhhh .... not me ;) 
listening to the Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone audio book ........ This makes me feel old :( 
listening to Kill Hannah .... and I am loving what I'm hearing , I am quite happy to say 
Is watching Soul Eater <3 it's amazing :) :) :) :) 
DEATH NOTE ..... greatest creation known to makind :) 
Had a slight dispute with Mi Madre , and it seems like I'm puking my guts out every hour .... This is going to be one helluva night , I can already tell :( 
animes to watch or finish watching 
1)Bleach 
2)Naruto(1st series ) 
3)Ergo Proxy 
4)FMA : Brotherhood 
5)RomeoxJuliet 
6)Rurouni Kenshin 
7)Blood+ 
8)Cowboy Bebop 
9)Helsing 
10)Soul Eater 
about to watch Let The Right One In :) 
Please put this as your status if you know or are related to someone who was killed in Hogwarts when it was under siege by the Death Eaters during the Second Wizarding War . The Order brings Unity , but the Death Eaters continue to foster division and hatred . 57ish citizens died in the ... terrorist attack against Hogwarts . 93% of you won't repost this . Repost to show your support of Dumbledore's Army 
Song Of The Day : Telephone by : Lady Gaga featuring Beyonce 
Song of the day : Airplanes by : B.O.B. featuring Hayley Williams 
the only person I'll ever really hate is me 
R.I.P. Jim Morrison , an american poet and dreamer , and one of the best musicians out there 
Song of the day : Suffragette City by : David Bowie :) 
I <3 Led Zeppelin !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Song of the day : I Don't Love You by : My Chemical Romance 
Ipod on shuffle ..... playing some awesome shit .... Still waiting for a certain friend to get online , but in the meantime I suppose I could suffer through cleaning my room D: 
Officially My Chemical Romance's New Album is the shit . If you haven't listened to it , you are culturally deprived . Enough said . 
hanging out with my mommy , ltening to aerosmith , and cooking ...... Life is good :) Happy New Year ! 
just woke up :) 
Guitars are epic . Nothing more to say :) 
Song of the day : Sgt . Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band by : the Beatles :) 
Song Of The Day : Stairway To Heaven by : Led Zeppelin 
just got through a half and hour of people forcing their beliefs on me . Just because I don't pray , doesn't mean that I'm not thinking about someone who is in pain . I don't care if you are ashamed of me because in my eyes , this is what makes me happy , so you shouldn't be . I love you for you , and you should feel the same for me regardless of our religious diffirences . 
I <3 INVADER ZIM !!!!! 
Bet nobody 
can answer ALL of these questions right . Full Name : ________Age : _____ 
Birthday : __________ Nickname : _________Favorite Color : __________ Favorite 
Sport : _________Favorite Song : __________ Favorite 
Number : __________Favorite Person Ever : _________ Post this as your 
status , ... and see who know's you best 
is going to revisit the old days and watch the first episodes of South Park :) 
Dexter schools is thinking about starting up GLO again . I can't remember what it stands for exactly , cuz I'm just awesome like that , but I do know that it is a support group for homosexual teens/ teens who wish to take part in it . Anyone who would consider joining please comment on this post or send a private message to me . This is basically just to get an idea of how many people would like to join . 
good morning , my precious minions ! Let's start the day with a nice cup of super hot black coffee , shall we ? 
having fun on mibba right now :) 
I miss limewire ........ :( 
today is not a day for going to school ..... but I'm going anyway . 
107.1 is playing some good music ... they must know I'm listening :) 
Listening to the Silence in Black And White by Hawthorne Heights ..... Reminds me of how much I miss Casey Calvert :( but it's an amazing album :) 
about to watch Children of the Corn :) 
this little usb hub person is soooo cuuute ! I think I'm gonna name him Ferdinand !! Thankyou Michele and Jonathan , you guys are awesome :) 
At a really boring party right now ........ :( 
be who you wanna be , and love who you wanna love 
Song of the day : Hey You by : PINK FLOYD !!!!!!!!! :D 
Song of the day : Paperthin Hymn by : Anberlin :) 
is missing her bestfriend right now *** sighs *** living 700+ miles away makes it hard to see eachother :( 
Everybody , flush an icecube down your toilet pronto ! We need to have another snow day , it is necessary . 
sipping coffee with a straw :) yum 
Finger on the trigger to my dear Juliet ...... I love Escape the Fate 
I feel so stupid rigt now ... 
** sniffles**the White Stripes broke up**sniffles ** :( 
Wow ... I was thinking about Nightmare by Avenged Sevenfold , I turned on the radio , and it was playing ...... o . 0 
just saw a commercial for an on demand coffee maker . COFFEE . ON DEMAND .... I want one of these babies for my birthday . 
I miss my mommy :'( 
Fergie is singing Sweet Child Of Mine ...... D : I NEED AXL ROSE !!!!!!! :( :( :( :( :( :( 
I just watched someone completely butcher Evanescence and Lady Gaga on American Idol .... 
sometimes I wish I could actually think before I talk 
Algebra , cappucino and anime ..... doesn't get much better than this :) 
Just took some medicine ... hopefully theurge to vomit will go away now 
Constructing a cd full of heavy metal so that a certain friend of mine can piss off her father :P 
valentines day is a bitch ... 
A fire burns today , Of blasphemy and genocide :) 
ok , I have just downed about 1/2 a pot of coffee . I am not sleeping , and I don't feel like doing my homework so there better be a damn snow day tomorrow or else I will be pissed 
listenin to N.W.A. and lovin it 
im watchin America's Next Top Model , and sewing dots on my dice :) , 
