dislikes how he feels when the house is being refloored ( allergies and the house is a mess ) :( 
really only know the basics of his friends lives not specifics :( 
8 others but I don't know them ( at least by name ) and I am in Mike's old room :) 
Finally I have more than 10G of memory ( around 1T to be exact ) :) 
hate when work is slow because I don't work :( 
just got a new binder ( too many of them now ) 
had his first fire Alarm as a CL ( just glad I wasn't sleeping yet ) 
just had a Chem lab and was able to speed ( legally ) towards the end because of how much set up I did :) 
another wensday another fire alarm at 11:43 which diverted fire trucks from a car accadent :( 
* screams * " Thank you everyone for the Birthday wishes " * stops screaming * 
for all those that care ( mostly upcoming Cls ) I will not be on line for the next few days and will hopefully be on campus by 9:00 am on Friday ( hope to see you all there ) :D 
I am cold and going to bed 
just got a good collection of posters :) 
found out that I have credit for most of the labs in physics this term ( extremly happy ) 
off duty 30 minutes late when our supieriours saw that we were still having a flood of people at the door and told us to leave as we had done our duty 
redvsblue for the win :) 
Just got windows 7 ( and already installed it ) and it is awsome :P 
The Halo anime rocks :) 
This was a triumph , I'm making a note here ... Huge Success 
finished my lab write up before 4:30 am the day it is due ( man I am having trouble spelling most of the words in this post ) anyway I am happy :D 
is happy he has the " One Piece " theme songs he wanted :) 
just had his second fire alarm of the night at 2am ( 3 if you haven't changed your clock ) and is more rested because he had 30min of sleep ( now to try and sleep ( again )) 
just walked out of his Chem final felling more confandant than he has in any of his previous finals ( even Elec ) :D 
just watched Bill Nye's Chemical Reactions as an excuse for studying :P 
has to keep reminding himself what day it is or else he will miss his final on friday ( It is not friday yet right ? ) 
just realized that he is one of the last people leaving campus ( exept for the people staying for the break ) 
think about it this way 1 ) my last final tomorrow 2 ) home in 2 and a half days 3 ) Chrismas in ONE WEEK 4 ) The New year is in TWO WEEKs ... Man a lot of things are happening soon :P 
??? d ? no ? o ? uo sI ?? ?? s ? d pu ? ? do ? ' s ?? s s ?? ???? ? no ?? n ? I ? o ? ?? nou ? ???? s ??? no ? ? I 
I know I got B- in Chem but I can't find out what my exam mark was ( If only I had remembered to do the last two online quzzes ) 
pritty much packed and going back soon ( see you all there ) 
Good to be Back ( I missed you computer ) 
just finished Assassin's Creed 2 and it set its self up perfectly for a 3rd one ( I can't wait ) 
Usource Sucks . 
Let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . Bring the words boys and girls :) 
I just passed Calculas ( I can now do a harder course ) 
I like the new face book layout ( still wish that events was above suggestions though ) 
' s movies to look forward to : Harry Potter 7 in 3D and 2D parts 1 and 2 and the Hobbit part 1 and 2 . Check wiki for detail and tell me what you think 
is Tired ( vary ) 
Paint Ball was Awsome !!! 
had a fire alarm and now needs to both ; stay waked and also sleep , so watch while he weeps ( but maybe will still fall a sleep ) 
first snow fall for victoria happening now :P 
I hate knowing that it will only take half an hour to complete a physics assignment as that means I put it off till before bed the night it is due :( 
Paintball is so fun :) 
I want to watch " lie to me " again :( 
FUN THING 1 ) go to google.ca 2)type " how to find chuck norris " 3 ) click the " I'm feeling lucky " button 4 ) read ... cool right ? 
Spent 2hours looking for a bug in my Csc assignment on Sunday . Went to see the teacher today to find out I needed an E instead of a T at one part ( yeah I cried a little on the inside ) 
I did it I finally did it :) ... I stopped playing minecraft before it was time to get up :) ( I have had a few sleepless nights because of saying I will play for only 5 mins . so today I just started playing at 9pm and could force my self to stop at 12am ... barely ) 
just counted the amount of chess boards I have ... turns out to be 6 ( but the marble board only has a few of the black pieces and no white ones so I can't use that board ) and one board is 4 player so it should technically count as two 
found out that I have a 73 . something% in Japanese ( ie a B ) :) 
Just calculated that I need to get less then 10% on my CSC 230 Final to fail the course ... sweet :) 
so unless I completely failed my CSC final I have a B in PASS 130 , a D in math , a D in Econ ... Which means I completely passed my semester :) ( hasn't happened in a while ) 
" you can't be young forever , But immaturity can last a lifetime " :) 
1f u c4n r34d d1s u r3477y h4v3 n0 71f3 
FINALLY HAS INTERNET AGAIN :) 
- And now to lighten the mood -Lets see who truly reads my status . You and I wake up in a psychiatric ward together . Using FOUR words only , what would you say to me ? NOTE : If you comment , You must copy and paste this to your status so I can comment on yours as well . Be a good egg and play along . ( 4 words are harder than you think ) 
seng265 Midterm means lots of arguing with people after about what the answers are 
just finished 4 and a half hours of Final Fantasy XIII and I am not even a 7th of the way through :) 
why are philosophical thoughts fun to think but not fun to share ? 
IF YOU ARE BRAVE .... Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Pretty . 7 : Moody . 8 : Dumb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Sexy . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : F ... it . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Beautiful . 17 : Cute : ) 
seems that " Lie to Me " is coming back on June 7th I can't wait :) 
What reason is there anything ? 
Answer What reason is there not to ? 
ohhh you are tricky :P 
Finally finished physics labs :D 
Amazing is the race we did ( almost won exept that we didn't get one of the riddles right ) 
I think I might have past my academic probation :) ( and I got a B- in English ) 
My Econ 103 final went better then I had hoped :) 
it is 3:30 am and I just finished a 9 and a half hour shift ( mostly I was kept on because of how buisy it was ) and I am tired 
Just found out I passed Physics :) now I have more reasons to slack off :P 
Got my first A in a seng265 assignment :D ( not easy ) 
back at home and now needs to unpack :P 
sometimes I think that it is to much work to be happy all the time ... Then I think of all the good things and I just can't help it :P 
THis is my day so far : wake up two minutes before my In class essay starts , run and am tree minutes late and finally finish my essay ten minutes before class ends so in total spent 37 minutes writing nonstop 
Fire alarm :( 
Fluff conversations are like Pillows . Things like " hey how is it going .... good were you heading ... well see you " are just there to comfort you on the bed of life . 
I have this amazing ability to stay awake when I am tired and keep sleeping long after I am rested :S 
Just read an article from someone who has never played Humans VS Zombies and was putting them down :( Then I read the comments and felt better :) 
just a little bored 
I have changed my facebook to be in Japanese and am amused that it adds " san " to the end of everyones names :D 
I have a new watch that has so many features that it is not even funny :) 
Just got a really nice card from one of my leaving residents and am moved my the thought :') 
now works at McDonalds 
FF14 is failing ( might have to do with the boring game play or the fact that it has a fatigue system to help moderate players keep up ) 
is playing Halo Reach Beta all day join me if you want to play/ find me :) 
wishes that Status Shuffle changes my Status instead of just making a wall post ( used to change my status and now doesn't ) :( 
if you are going to have regrets make sure that you have enough room for all of them ( or just get roommates who don't come in sets of overwhelming ) 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH 
seng265 assignment :( 
A-Team and Karate Kid are comming our this Friday ( the only question is which one to see first ? ) 
the power nape was a calculated risk ( It took a lot of effort to get out of the warm bed after only 45min of sleep ) 
Human Vs Zombies Epic ( so much fun ) 
How many of us really know everybody on our fb friends list ? Here's a task for you ! I want ALL my fb friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same to you . You will be amazed at some of the answers you get 
just found out that the first part of the final movie for Harry Potter is coming out this November :) 
I got in to all my courses :) ( though I had to stay up to 2:40 am to fix all the problems with my schedule and find new sections when the ones I want were full ) 
How can you tell f you understand other people ? You take personality tests so much that you can read the questions and know how much it will effect the outcome 
Halo Reach coming Sept 14 ( I know everyone will not like it but I will ) any options ? ( and please be educated ones not just " Halo Sucks " as that is you bias and you will just be spamming unwanted hate ) 
The hardest part about the race ... starting 
:) 
The saddest part about writing an update is how mopey you sound in your head ( this is the more thought filled one then the one I was going to write ) 
just went on facebook and realized that " hey it is 12am on October 1st " so I guess it is my birthday :) 
I am studying SENG using binary study technues :P 
HALO REACH'S soundtrack is out but ITunes Canada doesn't get it now and isn't telling me when * RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA * 
doesn't have Internet at his house now 
using U-turns and right hand turns I can get anywhere 
Thinking is sometimes harder then not thinking ( though they are both hard to continue doing for any length of time ) 
UVic Lipdub going online at 12:00 am tonight so look it up on Youtube and set the settings to newest :) 
Using my iPod touch to update my status :) 
UVics Lipdub Launch this Friday :D 
Just finished Halo Reach campaign on Legendary Solo ( the last level took me 3 hours ) 
I have changed most of the things I use regularly to Japanese ( my cell phone only has english or french ) 
for the people who like reading about Will Stammers ( which is every single person if I remember right :P ) if you go to my profile page and click " myPersonality " you can get to know me without asking all kinds of weird questions ... HAVE FUN 
How many people know that I like hugs ? ( I don't usually show this side to people as I am VARY self conscious about how others will interpret my actions ; not that I am shy about things I just don't like forcing people to accept things like hugs but I usually accept them easily ) THIS IS ALSO A TEST TO SEE HOW MANY PEOPLE READ MY STATUS UPDATES ... leave a comment :) 
This is the best Video game commentary dialoge I have heard in a while 
" But it washint , I put it togethar with tar and shtuff it wasn't put togethar by a facto- Oh god ! Oh god ! Oh god , oh god oh god . What ? What ?!? What ? What . What do you mean ' Find a place to-' Oh god oh god . You ... don't you come i- don't you open my freaken door ! Ha-hah ! Hahahaha ! He has no I- Oh god . " - Toby 
got a B's in two courses and an N in one and I am off the wait list for the one I failed now I can start this term 
