What the caterpillar calls the end of the world , the master calls a butterfly . 
It's strange how music can make the time fly by . 
One down , one to go just another bullet in the chamber . 
What you've just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things I've ever heard , everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it . May god have mercy on your soul . 
Sphygmomanometer ... say that five times fast . 
Cognitive neurobiology , lets see who understands this term . 
Neurocardiogenic syncope , you may suffer from this and not even know what the hell I'm talking about . 
" That is not dead which can eternal lie , and with strange aeons even death may die . " 
Killing a man with your bare hands says : we're all equals as men except I'm slightly more equal because I'm still alive and your dead . Of course dropping a nuke on them from 50'000 ft . is perfectly acceptable , I mean lets face it there's not enough time in this busy world to show everybody the courtesy of a good strangling . 
Tattoos ... I'll stick with scars and road rash any day , ink is for pussies . 
Just when I think I'm the only one around 3 people walk out of the shaddows with brooms in hand then they stop , strike a heroic pose and then one of them yells THUNDER CATS HOOOO ! and they all take off running .... its too early for this shit . 
Today's notable bumper sticker : My bird is smarter than your honor student . 
Just won a years supply of toilet paper , think I'll go tp the white house . 
Here is a fun fact for you surface dwellers that I encountered after having a flare roll off into a hole near a colony's abandoned roost , Guano aka bat shit is highly explosive . 
" You've gotta have a nice rack to bounce the big ones " . Only one person on here will know what I'm talking about . 
It's not the height I'm afraid of , falls have never killed anyone .... it's hitting the ground that bothers me . 
That is the last time I run a pair of insanely over sized underwear up the flag pole at work , how the hell was I to know that people were going to stop and salute ? I don't know who's worse me for running it up or them for saluting . 
The beating will continue till morale improves !!! 
Funny bone ? It's not so humerus once you knock the hell out of it . 
lame duck , Chicken crap ... is it me or has the house started using more fowl words here lately ? 
Don't you hate it when you put on your boots and only after you lace them up do you realize there's a big damn scorpion in the boot you didn't shake out . 
Halt ! lassen Sie mich sehen in der Dokumentation Ihres Schnurrbart . 
Chemolithoautotrophic bacteria ..... Proof that life isn't " as we know it " Who says there is no life on mars ?, Planets we deem uninhabitable could very well support other variations of this bacteria . 
