R.I.P. Michael Jackson . Thriller and Beat it are the 2 best songs I have ever heard and the videos are second to none . Soulja , Beyonce , or any other pop star wouldn't be here today sans Jackson . God Bless . 
is soooooo tired from golf . It's harder than u think to play that game 
leaving 4 vacation . Will try to update in Slovakia but consider me gone 4 the next 2 months . This is Michal Kononenko signing off . I love u guys . 
Yo , still in Slovakia livin it up . 1337 vacation . 
Bazant Pohoda was theeeeeeee best music festival I had ever been to . Caffeine torqued and high on muzak , It was ooossim 
I r almost finished my vacation and flying back on sept . 8 
livin easy in high . IB is challenging 
Dammit I cant believe I lost the game again 
WOOT W00T I can't believe an FX hig school teacher dated Miss Toronto AND ITS ON UTUBE LMFucking AO 
Thx for all these replies to my birthday , I has great friends . 
In November , the Space Shuttle retires . Let's take a moment to reflect on Columbia , Challenger , Discovery , Atlantis , and Endeavour . These ships , their crews , and the talented people at NASA have made the impossible seem routine , and how the Shuttle program has helped humankind learn more about living and working in space . Here's hoping that Ares is just as good a ship . 
I hate being preached to . You're not being told to think , you're being told how to think . 
You know some days when everything in your business clicks , and the result is a beautiful , well-oiled moneymaking machine . For us , today was on the other end of that bell curve . 
I just had an idea , that the birth of a true IB student must be like Dr. Manhattan from Watchmen . " I felt stress and pressure at school for the last time . " LOL 
Ob-la-di , Ob-la-da , Life goes oooooon . Lalalala life goes on . 
New pics , as usual . Come check them out . 
I got 96% on French Exam , 97% on science exam , 100% on math , and 97% on religion . Post results if you want to . BTW , I know it was a bit of an oversight so to the people that wrote that notice which I removed , I say this . F**K YOU ! 
" We are just an advanced breed of monkeys on a minor 
planet of a very average star . But we can understand the Universe . That 
makes us something very special . " 
-Stephen Hawking 
" Quickly , bring me a beaker of wine , so that I may wet 
my mind and say something clever . " 

-Aristophanes , the " Father of Comedy , " ( 446 -386 BC ) 
I got a 91% in civics . I am sooooooooo happy . I was initially expecting like 75% cuz I kinda slacked , but I am sooooo happy . WOOOOOOOO ! 
Fine times here , was in the Aegean sea when I stepped on a sea urchin . :( but , the good news is that it wont stop my touring of Greece because it only sorta kinda hurts . Still though , :( 
I just found out that the OSSLT was established in 2001 , but the best part is that it had to be postponed for a year due to a leak of the questions onto the internet . FAIL ! TAKE THAT TEACHERS ! 
The cities were abandoned 
And the forests echoed song 
They danced and lived as brothers 
They knew love could not be wrong 
Food and wine they had aplenty 
And they slept beneath the stars 
The people were contented 
And the Gods watched from afar 
The amount of work I can do in one night is scaaaaaaaary ! I just did a 6-page science review , all tonight !! 
What is the CandyStop , you might ask ? It is a great candy store set to open on Tuesday ! Buy some delicious candy , and support your local charity ! We hope to see you there ! 
FOUND IT ! Could not be happier ! Grade 9 memories still intact ! 
I'm getting a 100 in Careers despite the fact that I am covering my assignments in so much BS that you wouldn't understand it , and that Im doing them on the night that they are due ( online course ) . I'm using paradigm several times in each thing . 
OMFG !!! After 2 hours and 24 minutes of thought , I realized why my math answer was wrong !! Because I never factored into account that y = f(x ) . So 1/2 y = 1/2 f(x ) . My solution said that 2y = f(x ) , meaning that it was 2/ ( 1/2 ) , or 4y more than what it should have been . This makes sense because -3*4 = -12 
Going to Quebec tomorrow !!! YAY !!! 
Today , I did something monumentally stupid , so if you want lolz , read on . I updated my cell phone firmware through the PC suite that came with the phone , but that also means that I enabled the SIM lock on that phone again . Its 2 weeks before my vacation and I am stuck with a phone that only works with Rogers , and I use Fido . FML . Now , I have to figure out how the hell I can get that phone unlocked again . 
IM freeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ! No more civics !!!! 
REPORT CARD AVERAGE 95.8 WOOT WOOT ! 
Today I shut my mouth in the first annual Xavier day of silence . My silence during school hours echoed the silence that lesbian , gay , bisexual , and ... ah , forget it ! I just jumped on the bandwagon and got some pizza in the end . XD 
OMG everyone , you should totally watch this ! It's soooooo awesome . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ 
If stress is related to 99% of all illnesses , I should be dead . 
Just got speech recognition running . This software is the future . I absolutely love this thing and it says it learns my voice , that's double awesome . I just tripled my productivity when doing hw . 
2 Days left , it's down to the wire . One section on the portfolio left to go . Hmmm , online courses remind me of that South Park episode " Make love , not warcraft . " 
After watching Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy , I realized that wikipedia should have the words " Don't Panic " on its home page . 
How much do we have to pay for DECA ? 85 or 75 ? 
Few know about Sauron's second evil instrument of terror other than the ring of power . In total secrecy , Sauron made an instrument made to be unleashed upon the world at a mass gathering of people all around the world . I am talking , of course , about the vuvuzela . 
623K on fb poker . I doubled my bankroll at 1 table ! Man , I got sooooooo lucky . 
We've taken care of everything 
the words you hear , the songs you sing 
The pictures that give pleasure to your eyes 
It's all for one , and one for all 
We work together , common sons 
Never need to wonder how or why 
The one thing to remember about driving . " When everything is coming your way , you're in the wrong lane . " 
Back in Slovakia from Greece after all-night road trip . Epic times , epic pix . Coming back to Canada on Wednesday . Time to get to work again soon . :( 
Not going tomorrow , didnt say which Sunday , lol . 
FIFAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA LA WORLD CUP ! 
Congratulations to all the Grade 12s who graduated today from Xavier . It has been an honour to play for you . May you all succeed at whatever you want . 
5 Days till online course freedom . Dobby will earn his online course graduation sock . DOBBY WILL BE FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE ! 
just got portfolio back with a 95% grade attached to it . I AM FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE ! NO MORE ONLINE COURSE , I can finally have a social life . WOOOOOOOHOOOOOOOO ! 
Came to Thessaloniki , chillin with the Baclavas and Tzatziki in Greece . Going to Pella tomorrow , still got uncle's camera working , will try to post pics . Sea urchin sting healing well . 
But the winter fell upon them 
And it caught them unprepared 
Bringing wolves and cold starvation 
And the hearts of men despaired ... 
If I could use one word to describe life , it would be " meh . " 
Dance number aside , I'm so not gay . 
Living on a lighted stage 
Approaches the unreal 
For those who think and feel 
In touch with some reality 
Beyond the gilded cage 
OMG ! Sprott's over . It was so cool , I really want to do this game again . 
Science class Unit 0 . I feel so motivated 
Who has the rubric for our science project ??? I need it to ... God , you know you're in IB when ... 
Unsmart persons unbellyfeel 1984 . 
T- 3 days to course completion 
Tonight is the end . Tonight is when I hand in my summative . It all comes down to this . This is where we hold them ! This is where we pass ! THIS IS WHERE THEY FAIL ! LEAVE BLANK NOTHING BUT ANSWER ... EVERYTHING ! ATTAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACK ! 
Have you ever considered the possibility that there is intelligent life outside of their solar system ? Can they ever be our friends and allies in the same way that we treat partner nations ? Would they ever want that kind of a relationship ? 
I just got my report card and I must ask , why the hell do they have the credits to the thousandth !? How can you get 0.001 Credits !? Why do they do this other than to waste toner by writing zeroes on people's report cards !? 
" To do is to be " -Socrates 
" To be is to do " -Sartre 
" Do be do be 
do " -Sinatra 
OMG , there was an EARTHQUAKE in toronto . I was making my lunch when I felt it . It was uber-cool , but it was only a magnitude of 5 on a logarithmic scale . Let us take a moment to reflect on those who have suffered in the earthquake that struck Haiti , and all the hardships that it caused . When I get older , I will be stronger , they'll call me freedom , just like a wavin ' flag . 
My phone number is still the same as it used to be . 
Dr. Sheldon Cooper , I wish to argue the point that the institution of gift-giving is a fruitless one . I have observed that a gift acts in a similar way to a boson particle ( photon , gluon ) that mediates the force necessary to keep two people pair-bonded . Ergo , the institution of gift-giving , along with other tasks which reciprocate , are necessary in order to create stable relationships . 
Everyone , let's start a trend . Write a quote dear to you in the box where you can write something about yourself . I credit Mark Asfar for the idea . 
What is human ? 
Back from Quebec , came home just now . w00t w00t , will upload pics soon . 
Wikipedia should be renamed to " The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy . " 
Look around at this world we've made 
Equality our stock in trade 
Come and join the Brotherhood of Man 
Oh , what a nice , contented world 
Let the banners be unfurled ... 
Hold the Red Star proudly high in hand 
Going to Grade 12 grad . I with the band . Have trombone , will travel . 
2nite , I shall leave for Slovakia . This means that my facebooking will be slightly intermittent . I do not guarantee that I will be online . I hope that you have fun and that you all succeed at whatever you put your mind to . Enjoy your Grade 9 summer , there's only one of those . 
Nothing to report 
Well , I´m there . Now typing from Slovakia . Expect online pics soon . 
My latest quote on my profile is about my thoughts toward finishing Grade 9 . 
I finally figured out how to cook escargot , yum ! 
Bags packed , insurance worked out . I guess I am ready to go . DONT NOBODY TOUCH MY STUFF WHILE I'M GONE ! :P 
" You solve the bonus question ten seconds after you hand in your test , " a fitting metaphor for life . 
I just went to buy a new cell phone SIM card . My new phone number is +0904-016-611 
SD card reader found , will try to put online pics on every day . Recently put up new ones , come check them out . 
Is going to go chop down a christmas tree ! W00t snowball fight ! 
HEEEEEEEELP ! I lost my yearbook ! If anyone finds it , can you plz tell me ? I will b looking 4 it tomorrow . :( Imma so sad . 
The lead is lost . There is no hack on the internets to unlock my phone . All is lost , although this means Im getting a new phone ! yay and FML at the same time . 
Day 3 comes to a close , and the end of the beginning approaches . I , for one , am glad that it is not the beginning of the end of my vacation to Greece . Its a beautiful country with an even more beautiful history . Writing at 10:30 pm , all I want to say is " Kalinichta , " and stay tuned for the second batch of fb uploads from Corinth . 
Next year , the Space 
Shuttle retires . Let's take a moment to reflect on Columbia , Challenger , 
Discovery , Atlantis , and Endeavour . These ships , their crews , and the 
talented people at NASA have made the impossible seem routine , and how 
the Shuttle program has helped humankind learn more about living and 
working in space . Here's hoping that Ares is just as good a ship . 
Hello !!!!!! 
Omfg , Rush concert 2nite was betr than epic . It was GODLY !!! They played ALL of Moving Pictures . It was worth every damn penny . :) :-P 
Finally re-introduced Monty Python back into my life . Got copies of Holy Grail and Life of Brian . I suggest to you that you watch those films . British comedy at its Best . 
I have a lead , ladies and gents , the hack for unlocking the new , " updated " software . If all goes well , my phone will be unlocked once more . 
Xavier peoples , U guys want chill at mall tomorrow ? After we get report cards ? 
FIFA LA REVULCION ! 
Sunburned shoulders , no SD card reader 2nite so no online pics , but I am chillin like neva before . Truly , good times are had by all !! 
Quickly , bring me a beaker of wine , so that I may wet my mind and say something clever . 
Landed in Greece . Now , I am the farthest from home I have ever been . Chillin in Athens , the acropolis looks better than in the brochure . 
Pre-Regionals was awesome !! How was yours ? 
Why do I feel that I am the nerd who the video is being sold to in a nigahiga ? 
just cooked some homemade pizza and pan bread . Mmmmm , they're great . 
" What's up ? " 
" I would say ' the positive y-axis , ' but that is dependent on the frame of reference . " 
Bazinga ! 
Well , I welcome myself home . I am in Canada . I am jet-lagged , weary from travel , and sad that I had to leave , but it was all worth it . 
My camera battery died so no more pics on my profile . Other than that , the vacation is going great . 
Uploaded new pics , come check them out . Stay tuned for episode 2 , Corinth . 
Spent day at the beach getting a tan . Looking forward to more chilling and coming back to CAD . Greece is awesome but I miss my friends from FX . 
My grandfather gave me the greatest gift ever , a retro math tool from a time in which the calculator had not yet been invented . He gave me a slide rule . 
Happy new year everyone !!!! :) :) :) 
Made it to Bratislava . Leaving for Greece on Sunday , I am so excited ! Btw 
Q : What is ductility ? 
A : The ability of a material to be made into ducks . For example , rubber has a high ductility because there are lots of rubber duckies ! :P 
Still having a great time in Slovakia 
Got my x-ray results back , so it's not a wrist fracture , but a sof t-t issue injury . Yipee ! 
First day of school has come and gone . How was it everyone ? 
Visited Pella and Vergina . Paid my respects at the tomb of King Phillip II and Alexander The Great . May they live forever . 
is going out for dinner W00t W00t 
Hi ! 
Tomorrow I leave , be back at 3:00 pm , around tea time . My next update will be from Toronto . Good night everybody . 
You can live in grace and comfort 
In the world that you transform 
The people were delighted 
Come forth to claim their prize 
They ran to build their cities 
And converse among the wise 
But one day the streets fell silent 
Yet they knew not what was wrong 
The urge to build these fine things 
Seemed not to be so strong 
Golf is the only sport where you yell Fore , score a six , and write down a five . XD 
Exams done , content with results . 
going to Quebec City on Sunday !!!!!!!!! 
Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition ! 
Why is there so much protest around a mosque being built NEAR , not ON ground zero !!! I know a few Muslims , and I am sure that many are just as shocked and appalled at the devastation as everyone else , so why shouldn't they be allowed to remember the day in their own way ? Keep in mind that this isn't being built on ground zero itself ! 
I bring love to give you solace 
In the darkness of the night 
In the heart's eternal light 
You need only trust your feelings 
Only love can steer you right 
I bring laughter , I bring music 
I bring joy and I bring tears 
I will soothe your primal fears 
Throw off those chains of reason 
And your prison disappears 
We are the priests of the Temples of Syrinx 
Our great computers fill the hallowed halls 
All the gifts of life are held within our walls 
When our weary world was young 
The struggle of the ancients first began 
The gods of love and reason 
Sought to rule alone the fate of man 
They battled through the ages 
But still neither force would yield 
The people were divided 
Every soul a battlefield ! 
I bring truth and understanding 
I bring wit and wisdom fair 
Precious gifts beyond compare 
We can build a world of wonder 
I can make you all aware 
I will bring you food and shelter 
Show you fire to keep you warm 
Through the endless winter storm 
They see me mowin ' 
My front lawn 
I know they're all thinkin ' I'm so white and nerdy . 
" ... And the meek shall inherit the earth . " 
Today , I put four meatballs in my hand and said " It's an alpha particle . " :P :P :P 
The greatest contradiction in terms ? " Microsoft Works " 
Remember Remember The Fifth of November 
The Gunpowder , Treason , and Plot 
I Know of No Reason Why the Gunpowder Treason 
Should Ever Be Forgot . 
Are you a magnet ? 
Would you say that I'm too predictable ? 
Got a suit for DECA !!! W00t ! 
The wise men were consulted 
And the bridge of death was crossed 
In quest of Dionysus 
To find out what they have lost 
What is the CandyStop , you might ask ? It is a great candy store set to open on Wednesday ! Buy some delicious candy , and support your local charity ! We hope to see you there ! 
I Wanna Rock and Roll All Night and Party EVERY DAY !!!!! 
CHA-CHING ! 
Wanted , Schrodinger's Cat . Dead AND Alive . 
Our whole universe was in a hot , dense stateThen nearly 14 billion years ago , expansion started , Wait ? The Earth began to coolThe autotrophs began to drool ... Neanderthals developed toolsWe built a wall ( we built the pyramids)Math , Science , History ; unraveling the mysteryThat all started with a Big Bang ( BANG ! ) 
Begin the day with a friendly voice 
A companion unobtrusive 
Plays that song that's so elusive 
And the magic music makes your morning mood 
Our whole universe was in a hot , dense state 
Then nearly 14 billion years ago , expansion started , Wait ? 
The Earth began to cool 
The autotrophs began to drool 
Neanderthals developed tools 
We built a wall ( we built the pyramids ) 
Math , Science , History ; unraveling the mystery 
That all started with a Big Bang ( BANG ! ) 
The nerdiest thing I ever said was right now when I was working on finite differences . I found a function for the finite differences of ANY linear and quadratic function and I said " they want us to find these differences by recursion , Bullshit . " 
I was doing my DECA written and all of a sudden , the computer quit on me ! Thank God it submitted ! 
All work and no play makes Michal a dull boy . 
has found the awesomeness that is the Outlook Calendar and phone syncing . 
lulz . Sending this message from my new phone !! W00t 
Exams are making me testy , but I'm holding up . How are exams working for you ? 
Facebook app on me new phone is awesome 
Hi 
Happy Christmas and a Merry New Year ! 
I'm so obsessive !!! I still remember that math problem from DaCosta's math class from September with the cable , and I know there is a way to apply calculus to solve it . 
If I could be any superhero , then I would soooooooooo be Green Lantern !! 
