finds the 399 emails she's been letting accumulate for the past few days a bit daunting . 
Sleepy ... 
realizes , thanks to Facebook , that a LOT of her friends have insomnia . 
is glad Big Fish seems to be enjoying the company of his new fish friend , Pat . Thanks Madisson & John ! 
wonders if her dad is really going to be pleased with her brother's choice to grill tomorrow afternoon , since the heat index is supposed to be 110 or something other-wordly like that . 
is talking to the fish . It's probably time for bed . 
is sorry to say the fish didn't make it . Next tank is going to be bigger and without goldfish , and there's going to be a sick tank , and a plant tank . You know , the old " if you fail , next time aim for something much larger and more complicated " principle . 
is trying to wake up . 
would like to go to bed , but agreed to stay up until Eric is finished installing some lights in the bar . 
just woke up from a nap and is still feeling kind of blah . 
is bummed that the recently-acquired kegerator shot craps . We need another small fridge to convert - anyone happen to have one they want to sell ? 
is sleepy . 
and Eric now own a kegerator ! 
I'm awake really early considering I'm off today . 
has nothing but good things to say about the South Kingshighway Jiffy Lube . And to think I dreaded going . 
realizing Eric's new schedule may mean more time to spend with Eric ... but less writing time . 
is watching Elroy and Leroy hang out with their " other family " across the street . 
Work , work and more work . 
says 2 out of 3 isn't bad when you're talking about batches of blackberry wine . We know which recipe to make with this year's berries ! 
is thrilled that Eric once again fixed her car problems . And that she is listening to the new Eminem , knowledge of which she has Starky to thank for . 
is helping Eric bottle the blackberry wine so we can take some out to Dad's tomorrow night . 
Hops that are used for their aromatic contributions are aroma hops or finishing hops . 
hates it when the answer to " What was I thinking ? " is " I wasn't . " 
is happy to have the weekend off ! 
was wondering who the heck trims their lawn at 7:30 am on a Thursday , and it turned out to be Eric . 
' s fish are battling ick again - we caught it a lot earlier this time . Keep your fins crossed . 
is trying to stay awake long enough to ensure she doesn't wake up at 10:30 tonight , feeling as if she had a nice nap -- again . 
is painting . 
from a friend ... Facebook has agreed to let 3rd party advertisers use your posted photos WITHOUT your permission . Click on SETTINGS ( located on top of page in blue bar , next to logout ); Select PRIVACY SETTINGS ; Select NEWS FEEDS and WALL ; Select the TAB th 
hears a duck quacking outside somewhere . 
just ordered a laser printer to replace a dead inkjet . 
needs a nap . 
wonders where Eric is ... 
is off to work . 
really enjoyed Spelling Bee last night . Now looking forward to Heypenny next week and Farm Aid in October . 
is reviewed out . 
can't wait to see Jason S . and Heypenny tonight ! 
Remembering Bill Dudash : December 17 , 1965 - July 11 , 2008 . 
We are now the proud owners of a Beverage Air BM23 , which more than makes up for the nonworking converted fridge kegerator . ( Thanks , Robin ! ) 
loves coffee . 
doesn't want to hear any complaining when she gets to work , because she heard enough for the entire week yesterday . 
Nap time . 
The only two things in life that make it worth livin ' ... 
is going to step away from the computer and do something . Any minute now ... 
is listening to Waylon and wishing he was still around - and looking forward to seeing Willie . 
is terribly attached to the baby fish in the new tank . 
really dislikes door-to-door salesmen ( as I'm hiding in the kitchen to avoid one right now ) . 
gives you Falco and Taco . 
is trying to help Eric deal with netbook and hops problems without doing all the research herself . 
is going to read in bed . 
loves the lace curtains her mom gave her for the dining room . Window covering problem solved ! 
enjoyed a tasty dinner and wine on the patio with Eric and exactly one moon flower . Also , we fed the neighbor's dog , Mac , who appears to be starving . :( 
is starting her vacation with beer and pizza . 
loves a room full of sleeping cats . 
Ready for bed after two long days . 
Pumpkin ( baby fish ) is all grown up now and swimming with the big fishes ! ( even if he is still staying mostly in the plants ) . 
almost has a clean house , thanks to Eric's help . Two more rooms and the whole damn thing will be clean . Usually this only happens at Thanksgiving , when everyone is coming over . 
is amazed at how quickly the house can go from neat to messy . 
is on vacation !!! 
still doesn't feel fully awake and hopes exercising will help . 
has a new keyboard on her laptop - again - and is therefore happy . 
wonders how she can be so sleepy and still so resistant to going to bed . 
is taking her writing groups ' advice and moving on to Chapter 2 without revising Chapter 1 . 
is having carrot/raisin/almond salad for lunch . 
is packing . 
cleaned half the house . The eastern half . 
is heading out to Villa Ridge . 
is home from camping . 
is going to Lemongrass for lunch with Eric and some friends . 
has to go to work , but would rather stay home and help Eric brew beer . 
Dreamed I was in a bicycle race and someone stole my bike while I was in the bathroom , but I didn't really mind . 
just got back from an awesome run/walk - beautiful weather ! 
Awake already ! Guess I must be excited about cleaning the house today . 
enjoyed being downtown tonight . 
hopes it storms again after she goes to bed so she can listen to the thunder , because she really doesn't want to go to bed at all . 
is trying to make her first spiked watermelon . It's slow going ; the melon does not absorb alcohol like I want it to . I'm trying to lead by example and still , only resistance . 
will be without a phone for a couple days , until the new one arrives . 
is also ready to fight . 
had a great day at the AGD reunion and at Bottleworks afterwards with friends - and the night's not over yet ! 
misses the noise of the birds . Now that the A/C is on , the house seems eerily quiet and calm . 
needs a class on interpreting tropical fish behavior - they always look hungry to me . 
It's my Friday ! 
really wants a Lekue silicone-mesh cooking bag , but can't find a store in the US where she can buy one . Is anyone going to Spain or France anytime soon ? 
thinks it's strange to get an email notification saying someone added you as a friend , then to log in and find they apparently don't want to be your friend after all . 
just received aquarium fish via UPS , alive and seemingly well . 
hoping to get more writing done today . 
I am not going to wake Eric up just because I want to go the Cardondolet Book Fair now . I am not going to wake Eric up just because ... 
is going to bed early . 
Sleepy . 
thinks one of the tiger barbs in the fish tank is pregnant ! 
Excited about Hop in the City ! 
is ready to forgive and forget - whether or not you give in to freedom , but especially if you see the many sides of humanity ( and poetry ) . 
going to a work party tonight . 
Hey good lookin ' , watcha got cookin ' ... 
Tired today . 
Leave a one word comment that you think best describes me . Only one word , no more . Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a comment about you ..... 
is making kale pie , with kale and watercress purchased this afternoon at the Maplewood Farmer's Market ( at Schlafly Bottleworks ) . 
had no idea probriotics were so powerful . 
wishes scheduling conflicts only happened to other people . 
Hanging out with my brother . 
just woke up from a two hour nap . Maybe a record this year ! 
has a lot to do today . 
is tired . 
is super excited about seeing Farm Aid tomorrow !!! 
is writing . 
is writing . And MAYBE sending out that story ... 
wants to spend the rest of the day reading . 
going to bed - and this is what I want to leave with you all : No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the next 24 hours . 
is taking my book and going to bed . 
is also taking a vacation from " serious " writing ( the novel ) and , not surprisingly , finds herself actually able to write . 
is cleaning . Fun , fun ! 
looking forward to having our parents over for dinner tonight . 
loves the Tower Grove Farmer's Market and estate sales . 
Fish tank is back to normal , blackberry is back to normal ... things are good . 
has been avoiding sending the story out by revising everything else . Guess it's not a total waste of time ... 
' s faith in sweepstakes has been renewed . 
is really sleepy for no apparent reason . It's only a little too early to go to bed . 
Brrrr .... 
should be in bed already . 
loves Bernard Sumners all over again as part of Bad Lieutenant . 
doesn't want to go to bed . 
needs a day off at home . Or someone to clean the house and cook . 
wonders if anyone has the Sonos home-stereo system . Because I'm really tempted ... 
is mostly unpacked , mostly caught up on the mail . And now I'm writing . All I need is to take a shower and for the laundry to do itself . 
A little reading then sleep . 
Back from book group , getting ready for writing group tomorrow morning , then lots of work . 
I sure hope my voice is back to normal tomorrow . Someone ( you know who you are ! ) said I sound like a Muppet . 
Back to work today . 
Just found the house next door was sold at a foreclosure auction today and is slated to be rehabbed . If they can get the dogs out ! Should be interesting ... 
Come on , come on , come on , get through it . Come on , come on , come , love's the greatest thing . ( Blur ) 
is enjoying a glass of wine while Eric makes miso soup for dinner . 
loves the lemon tree/birthday gift from Eric ( yeah , it's early ) . 
is too tired to do anything useful . 
can hardly believe summer's over . 
woke up with a sore throat . Hopefully nothing hot tea can't fix . 
Nothing like a lot of traveling to make me appreciate quiet nights at home . 
has been remembering her very strange , very vivid dreams for days now . 
Blah . 
Henry's back from the vet , minus a few teeth . He doesn't seem to care . 
Rainy days are good days for reading and writing . 
is going to have lunch with a friend and get a long-overdue haircut today . 
hereby declares that there will be no cleaning of the house today , and only writing of the fiction . 
Home from work and getting ready to go out to celebrate three birthdays ( mine , Mom's and Dad's ) . 
Such a beautiful day today . 
getting ready to go to work on a sad day . Services for Marie are tonight . 
Just got back from Tower Grove Farmer's Market and Taste of Missouri at MoBot - go if you can ! Lots of cool stuff . 
writing , writing , writing . 
is going to bed soon . Very soon ... 
is planning another trip to Detroit . 
will post more NY pictures later ... stupid easy uploader isn't working for me and the slow one is REALLY slow . Have to leave for work now . 
Going to finish the book I'm reading and go to bed early . 
should be in bed . 6:30 is only 6 hours away ... 
hates to disturb the cat sleeping in her lap just because she has to leave for work . 
I'm kinda happy that it's blah outside , because I feel guilty when it's nice out but I'm too exhausted from work to do anything . ( Which is a long way of saying I'm exhausted and not doing anything . ) 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
is getting out of cleaning up after Thanksgiving by going to work . Seems like a decent trade off . 
needs coffee . Tea isn't doing it this morning . 
wonders if she has any friends in DC who would let her sleep on the couch the night of October 27 . 
can't wait to see Jason S today ! And it's my Friday . Everything is just wonderful . 
is thankful to have the option of not reading the comments on St. Louis Post Dispatch articles , although I read them way too often . What a bunch of idiots ( commenters for writing and me for reading ) . 
is happy to be awake , because in my dreams , I overslept for work , which didn't really matter anyhow , because a tornado had destroyed my car . 
The oven is broken . Luckily we can use our neighbor's oven to make Thanksgiving dinner . Eric doesn't think it's funny at all , so I'm laughing in the other room . It really is pretty funny that the oven woud die on Thanksgiving day . 
Split days off this week , and tomorrow's the first one . Things could be worse . 
Going to the Atomic Cowboy tonight . Voices from the Underground at 7:30 and Clownvis Presley's Freaker's Ball at 10:30 . 
Had the fan in my laptop replaced ( and a large plug of cat hair removed ) , and so far , so good - no noise . 
Getting ready for Thanksgiving - cleaning , baking bread and drinking coffee . 
got up at 3am to go to work early , only to find a message that the person who was supposed to work with me called in sick . So , I got some writing done instead . And it's my Friday , so things could be worse . 
excited about New York but not really feeling like doing laundry , checkinng the weather , packing or otherwise preparing to go . 
Why , oh why , do I dislike revising so much ??? 
Very glad today is my Friday . I need a weekend ! 
started reading a novel about high school last night , then had weird , stressful high school dreams . 
is up early and ready to write . 
Eric fixed the oven , thanks to the internet and a $50 part . 
slept for twelve hours - guess I was tired . 
is ready for a day off work ( but doesn't get one until Tuesday ) . 
Come on , January ! 
wrote all day AND has a clean house now , thanks to Eric's help this evening . Too bad every day can't be like today ... 
committed to buying a new ( to me ) car today . 
is sure a swimming pool in the backyard would fix everything . 
finally made it home ! 
is thinking about making chili today . 
is finding it difficult to write today and is blaming it on the weather . 
has had too much coffee . And is probably going to have more . 
just discovered Lily Allen and is madly in love with her . 
is making Southern Style Great Northern Bean Soup . 
" That doesn't matter one bit , " she said , she was holding the crotch of my new swimsuit open so I could step into the legs . 
is happy to have a Sunday evening off work . 
Glad I don't have to leave the house today ! 
sent out two stories . That's enough for one day , right ? Submitting is more of a headache than writing . But , I don't see any no point in writing without submitting . 
is making a vegetarian version of something called " Lion's Head Meatballs , " basically Match vegetarian pork meatballs and sauteed greens . 
is restless . 
is going to drink a beer , read a little bit , take a nap , then go to The Royale with Jason S tonight . As far as rainy days ( or any days ) go , I don't think this is a bad plan at all . 
would be at dinner w/ aforementioned family , except my brother was late getting to my parents house , causing them all to be late getting here , causing Eric's family to have to wait at the bar . So I'm forced to have another beer at home to kill time ... You know how it is . 
is getting the garden cleaned up for winter and encouraging Eric in his efforts to recover the garage ( it's well beyond being just a cleaning job ) . 
is thrilled to report that Jay Int'l has expanded their veg selections to include ( fake ) bacon bits that are really , really good and super-cheap ! 
is awfully tired . Going to eat dinner and go right to bed , since I have to open tomorrow ) . 
While I was at work yesterday , my husband and my motherinlaw cleaned my house . :) 
is going into work an hour early ( 4 am ) to work on a project . Looks like I've lost my mind . 
slept for more than 12 hours last night and still feeling pretty groggy . 
is going to bed . Have to get up early to take a cat to the vet to have his teeth cleaned ( hopefully this will help his bad breath , too ) . 
would like to see some measurable snow , but isn't counting on anything . 
Joined Farm Aid so I can try to get tickets tomorrow morning . 
is going for a walk . If that doesn't settle me down , I'm having a drink . Actually , I'm having a drink whether or not the walk works . 
wonders if any of her friends in St. Louis have karaoke cd's she could borrow . I'm picking up a new hobby . Just kidding . A friend needs them for a NYE party . 
is looking forward to mimosas tomorrow morning with Eric . 
is going to work while Eric goes out for last-minute gifts . Not sure which I'd want to do if I had a choice . 
loves the cover of the new Natural Bridge , which came in the mail today . If the cover's good , the contents kick ass , right ? 
Left my car's headlights on while I was at work . Neither me nor Brian could figure out how to jumpstart my car , so he gave me a ride home , and I just realized I left my purse in his car . Sheesh . 
After five hours of procrastinating , I finally got some actual writing done . 
Going for a walk in the snow ! 
Up early to write . It seems to be working this way . 
loves the new fish tank . 
thinks the pumpkins that have been on the front porch since before Halloween look pretty in the snow . 
has too much to do on her day off . 
is annoyed that the guy she bought her car from didn't give her the code to reset the stereo - meaning she has to drive around in silence until the new stereo is installed ( although it is lucky that the new stereo was already ordered ) . 
Got a lot done today - worked on the novel , went to the dentist , Honda got a tune-up , Eric's picking up pizza , and it's still early . 
I don't want to go to bed , but I'll be really sorry tomorrow if I don't . 
had a great time hanging out with Dave and Jaime . And I'm sorry Eric went to bed early . 
lacks motivation . 
is ordering heirloom seeds for this summer's garden . 
We just rescued a woodpecker from the garage . He was trying to get out a closed window ( after going in an open window ) , with a cat stalking him . Now he's recovering ( I hope - doesn't seem to be injured ) in the neighbor's tree . And all the cats are inside . 
The lemon tree started to bloom and I pinched the blooms off per instructions from the lemon tree people . But it was very difficult . The little blooms smelled great . 
I fell into a burning ring of fire ... 
Two days off in a row ! Now that's cause for celebration . :) 
I can hardly believe how cold it is ! 
Going to bed . Gotta get up kind of early tomorrow . 
Killing time at Bread Co . between work meeting and actual work . 
Eric did it , so I'm doing it , too . OK , here we go ... HOW DID WE MEET ? Copy and paste this phrase on your profile after you answer for me . 
is trying to be disciplined , but it doesn't come easily . 
We are going down to tour the A-B brewery today . Who knows how this happened , but I've never been . 
Wondering how the roads are , and if I should be planning to leave really early or just kind of early . 
More facebook comment fun : Leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me . Only one word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . 
Tomorrow is my Friday ! 
thinks Bell's Special Double Cream Stout rocks . 
had a good dinner with Eric and now we're planting the Prepara Pro ( small hydroponic growing device ) . 
Reviewing yesterday's to do list , I see I completed 3 1/2 of the 13 things I thought I needed to do . To do lists suck . 
Met all of my writing goals for the day , so I'm now free to ... clean ! ( Doesn't that sound exciting ?!? ) 
This has been one of the best Christmases ever ! Thanks to everyone who was part of it . 
just spent way too much time sending out a story , thanks to rampant indecisiveness and various insecurities ( wrong story , wrong market , wrong time of day , etc ) . At least I'm finished submitting for this week ... 
is awake and has accomplished something . Okay , it was just installing a micro sd card in my phone , but it's something . 
is going to get some writing done or else I'm going to be very disappointed in her . ;) 
Setting up my new laptop . It's HUGE compared to the old one . 
Why do some cats feel the need to clear everything off the table they are sitting on ? Anyone want a cat ? 
finally lives in a ( legal ) two-driver household again . ( And no , we didn't get another roommate ! ) 
Weekend !!! 
Back to work today ... 
Move to new laptop is complete ; Eric is happily taking over the old one . 
Someone should make a program that hides the comments on online news articles . Because I can't seem to not read them and they make me miserable . 
Two friend requests in the last half hour from people whose names I don't recognize and with whom I have no friends in common . How does that happen ? 
wonders if anyone belongs to Fair Shares or another CSA ? 
is up really early , considering it's my day off . 
has a cat who thinks he's an alarm clock , who is trying to put me on his schedule , and whose method of waking me up is chewing on me . 
We're brewing today ! Eric's first all-grain batch . :) 
should have asked for an Aerogarden for Christmas . 
is really good at wasting time . 
is finally giving up on using Firefox with Windows 7 and is trying Google Chrome . 
is tormenting herself/trying to submit stories . 
Back to work ... 
more tired every moment . 
watched two movies last night . So that makes three I've seen this year , which is roughly equal to the number I saw over the last five years combined . 
spent two hours running around using coupons and gift cards , not spending much money at all but getting a lot of stuff . Love it when that happens . 
Copied from David and other pages : It is WAYBACK WEEK !!!!! Change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young !! Copy and paste this , and let's see how adorable we all were ! 
wonders what book you are reading now . 
has spring fever or something . 
getting ready to celebrate my brother's birthday tonight , during the 20 days each year we're the same age . 
doesn't want to pay bills , but can't keep putting it off forever . 
did not enjoy the drive home tonight and is quite pleased to be inside the house and away from other drivers . 
just woke up from a nap . 
is very , very sleepy ... 
is trying Open Office . Anyone else use it ? 
just got home with her new car and wishes it already had tags and insurance and all that stuff . 
" There are times when we must sink to the bottom of our misery to understand truth , just as we must descend to the bottom of a well to see the stars in broad daylight . " -- Vaclav Havel 
loves Jay International and the kitchen full of mysterious ingredients that follows . 
can't wait to get to New York ! 
" Basically I am one of those people who cannot bear to be anywhere and are happy only between places . " - Thomas Bernhard , Wittgenstein's Nephew 
is sorry Eric went to bed already . 
Enjoying leftovers and beer while Eric works on sealing the front porch ( finally ! ) . 
So far , so good with Open Office . I've been able to open all my old files and can do all the things I'm used to doing with Word and Excel . Some things are strange , like the word suggest feature - I can type nearly as fast as they can suggest , and it's disconcerting to see their word under what I'm typing . And the margin black box , also strange to look at , but I haven't put a lot of effort into making it disappear . 
I woke up at least an hour before my alarm went off , two days in a row , and I don't feel tired . For someone who usually sleeps through the night for at least eight hours , this is very strange . 
wonders why it's so difficult to think clearly while congested . I broke down and took a decongestant so I would be able to write , and it worked . 
wishes it was possible to photograph a baby fish , but it's only about a 1/3 inch long , 1/16 inch wide and mostly transparent . I think this one's a guppy . 
spent the day knocked out by a cold . I'm feeling much better now ! Colds suck . 
It's my Friday !!! 
thinks finding usable stuff in the alley rocks . We got shelving for under the bar and a great wine rack that matches the rest of the bar and holds two cases . Of course , we only have five bottles and two are Shaw . 
I'm free ! I'm free ! 
" A morning without coffee is like sleep . " ~ Author Unknown 
Pablo Picasso : My mother said to me , " If you become a soldier , you'll be a general ; if you become a monk , you'll end up as the Pope . " Instead , I became a painter and wound up as Picasso . 
should be in bed . 
It's a sad day when I don't immediately recognize the abbreviations in my Dad's email forwards . 
will be reading tonight at the Tap Room at 7pm as part of the Riverstyx Schlafly Microfiction event . 
Back to work , back to work , back to work ... ( day after day after day ... ) . 
is thinking . Thinking , thinking , thinking ... The more I think , the stranger the word " thinking " looks . 
went running and took the cats to the vet and doesn't feel like doing anything else today . 
Sunshine makes everything better ! 
wants to read a music blog by someone who likes the same kinds of music I like , that can keep me updated on the news I want to know , but nothing else . 
has the next four days off work , including one evening of live Willie Nelson . 
Should I spend the rest of the day working around the house or sitting on the front porch , reading ? I already wrote and worked out . 
tasted a couple Charville beers tonight and has only good things to report . Also had a Bells 9000 - very interesting - with brewers ' licorice ! Looking forward to a Frambozen ( raspberry brown ale ) . 
A quote from someone who goes by Hans Blix on my neighborhood email list , regarding a conversation about when one should take down Christmas decorations : " I don't know about a fire hazard . It's certainly a hoosier hazard . I'm all for festive lighting but there's a reason you don't see cardboard Elviras at Shop n ' Save in June . " CON'T BELOW 
was expecting rain and instead sees more sunshine . Door open , birds singing - gotta love this time of year . 
Willie was awesome last night . Now for a fun-filled day of switching from MSMoney to Quicken and cleaning the house . 
Waiting for Eric to get back from this morning's " holy cow we're out of coffee " run . 
Willie Nelson tonight ! 
is wildly fond of New Belgium's Frambozen Raspberry Brown Ale and could drink it forever . Or at least all night and into the morning . 
sees signs of spring ! 
Relentless internal conflicts . Sigh . 
has once again wandered down the path of 80's rap music . 
is headed over to Bottleworks for the indoor farmer's market . Can't wait until the summer farmer's markets are going again ! 
will be reading at the Tap Room on Monday , March 8 as part of the celebration for the River Styx Schlafly Micro-brew Micro-fiction contest . 
Off to my parents ' house , gifts for everyone , ham for them , and vegetarian Match roast for us in tow . 
Made labels for this year's Christmas beer tonight - Crazy Cat Cream Ale . 
Taking two cats to the vet today . I'm sure they're very well hidden in remote parts of the house , because I got the cat carriers out earlier . 
is making homemade applesauce with all the apples from Fair Shares ( our CSA ) , which we weren't otherwise eating . 
Beer after work ... ahhh ... 
I can tell my mother-in-law has been here : things are centered on windowsills , my plants are now organized by type and sitting on trays , and the recycling bags are nowhere to be found . 
doesn't want to go outside . Unfortunately there's no way around it . Gotta go to work . 
loves Eric Janssen II . 
" Multitasking can actually lower your performance on IQ tests -- by about 10 points . Smoking a joint only costs you 4 points . So if you have to choose between multitasking and marijuana , the choice should be clear , although your boss and your government probably see things differently . Bosses and governments love multitasking . " ( from Randy Ingermanson's Advanced Fiction Writing newsletter ) 
thought today would never end ... 
New air stone , new air pump , and the addition of a large rock we already had , and the tank is better than ever . ( minus Siamese Algae Eaters , RIP ) . 
Where , oh where , has my motivation gone ??? 
keeps having dreams that seem like great ideas for stories or novels , which is depressing , considering how little writing I've been doing lately . But I'm writing them down , just in case ... 
has the weekend off ! 
It's my Friday and I just took my last antibiotic . Yeah to both ! 
Ed's big day - back to the vet to have his pompoms removed ! 
went jogging , did not get bit by any dogs , started our taxes , got depressed , went for a walk with Eric and saw some nice dogs along the way . We just had dinner and I'm planning to read until I go to bed . 
Sometimes all it takes to get what you want is to post your wants on FB . I can thank FB ( and Robin and Peggy ) for our kegerator and the treadmill . On the other hand , I can probably thank the kegerator for making me need a treadmill . Hmmm ... 
Using my usb mouse on the left side of my desk sucks , but there is a cat sleeping on the right side . And no , I can't just move the cat . He's sleeping ! He's all stretched out and comfy . 
Internet shopping - definitely a love/hate relationship ... 
can't take seriously any reviewer who calls something " a hoot . " 
All it takes is a little break from my routine to make me happy to get back to my routine . 
Who wantes rhizomes from the nugget hops ? They've been coming for about two weeks and they're halfway up the garage . Let me know and we'll make arrangements . 
Nothing like a stupid dog bite to ruin an otherwise perfectly fine day . 
Getting ready to go to writing group . Seems strange to need a sweatshirt ! 
is freezing ! I'm going to have to turn on the heat before I go to bed . 
Four day weekend ! 
Love this weather ! Glad it will be nice tomorrow , too , when I'm off work . 
I'm pleasantly surprised by how good this gluten free beer is . I guess that's what happens when I haven't had beer in months . 
is happy we'll be walking where we're going tonight , given the beautiful weather . 
Illinois , defined by Eric : It's a big place across the river , you know . 
needs to write , doesn't feel like it , and can't seem to force it . 
had a great weekend and is not ready to go back to work tomorrow . 
is going to sleep well tonight . 
I ran 2 miles in my huaraches just now and it felt great . Bottoms of my feet were a little warm toward the end , but nothing too bad . The rest of me felt amazing , like I could have gone on forever except for the hot feet . 
Yippee ! Five day weekend ! 
spent the evening helping Eric clean the garage , because he spent an hour replacing the rotors on the Civic . Soon there will be space in the garage to park a car ! 
Today I learned that it is possible to walk from our house to River des Peres ( approx . 2 miles ) all on grass , except for street crossings , thanks to parks and graveyards . 
It's so nice out , I would sleep on the porch , except I'd have to get up and move when the sun comes up tomorrow morning . 
Home from work and enjoying the nice weather and a beer while Eric grills portabellas . 
is recovering from the fun of Terry's party in Coffeen , Illinois . 
wants a fountain , a bat house , more time to write , someone to adopt Ed , and someone to take some baby guppies . That's all . Thanks ! 
Loving the coconut milk coffee creamer I bought bought yesterday . Very smooth and tasty . 
It's my weekend ! Time to start sleeping ... 
After years of disliking my endocrinologist and his bitchy office staff , I'm finally changing doctors ! The woman who answered the phone at the new doctor's office was so nice , I almost cried . 
Bottling beer tonight ! 
Really enjoyed the reading at Duff's tonight ! 
I wish I had a treadmill . I didn't get up early enough to go running before it got hot . 
Finished the rough draft of a story today . Now , on to the exciting task of plotting my novel ... 
Doing an event for work at the Museum of Transportation today . Should be fun ! 
is going to sit out back around the fire pit and have a glass of wine . 
So the kitty has his claws after all , but is apparently reluctant to use them ( enough so Eric was confused , at least ) . Pictures coming this afternoon . 
definitely won't be needing rabies treatments . Whew ! 
Back to work ... 
We're back from Detroit . 
is hoping to get a lot done today . Writing , running , errands , gardening , and maybe some cleaning ( at least some laundry ) . 
I'll be out on the porch reading . 
" There are no passengers on Spaceship Earth . We are all crew . " ~ Marshall McLuhan , 1964 
got up early to go to garage sales , but it was worth it . Found some good stuff and even lucked upon a perennial plant sale ! Of course , I've already forgotten the names of all the plants , so it will be a nice surprise when they bloom . 
So it turns out the stray kitty we've been feeding is declawed ! But not neutered . Who the heck does that to a cat ??? Our cats all have their claws , so we'll have to find him a home . 
The stray kitty ( Ed ) is begging to come inside and his sad meows are breaking my heart . 
feels much better after going for a run on this gorgeous afternoon and then finally taking a shower . 
We finally have a vinegar barrel ! Now we can make red wine vinegar with leftover wine . 
Laughing at the end of this AP article on the flooding in New England : ' Demetri Skalkos , c o-o wner of McNamara's liquor store , said about three feet of water stood in the basement . He said he was worried about losing business over the traditionally busy Easter period . " This is the Holy Week , " he said . " ... If we don't do business now , when are we going to do business ? "' 
is laughing at the neighbors ' 3-yr-old granddaughter , who is calling our cat . " Le-loy ! Le-loy ! " This is an quite an achievement since last year , when she called , " Le-woy ! Le-woy ! " 
Ran the first mile or so of my run today in the huaraches , then switched back to running shoes for the rest . The huaraches felt so good , I may try to do my entire run in them tomorrow . My running shoes felt heavy and awkward in comparison . 
really wants to see Roger Waters/The Wall in October . Really , really , really wants to . 
Apparently , we have the same problem with gardening that we have with cats ... We're starting more seeds ! 
is going to spend the rest of spring hanging out on the patio drinking beer , as long as it's not raining . You're all invited to join me . 
Well , I made it through another aquarium crisis , but not without losing a few fish ( all the Siamese Algae Eaters , unfortunately ) . 
Hoping to get lots of writing done today - I cleaned the house yesterday so I wouldn't have any excuse not to write ! If all else fails , at least the house is clean , I guess . 
So nice to be back to the regular routine - two days off in a row and time to write makes me very happy . 
First load of laundry is now on the new clothesline ! Exciting - or about as exciting as it gets around here during the day . 
Goldfinches all over the yard ! 
is home again . I have to admit , it was nice to get off work an hour early . 
really likes the new Yahoo Mail format - if you're using Yahoo , switch to the new format ! More like Outlook ( preview pane , automatically checks for new messages ) and easier on the eyes . Calendar opens in a new tab , too . 
Just got back from a great walk around south city with Eric . So many Bosnian bakeries , bars and pizza places ! 
Two stray cats are arguing in the back yard ( one who's been hanging around and another I haven't seen before ) . We're hoping we can get the one who's been hanging around into the vet and get her spade soon , preferably before she has kittens . 
Getting ready to go out to lunch with our moms to celebrate Mother's Day . 
The dining room table . 
is still thinking about sleeping outside . 
I have the creeping crud that's going around at work ... 
If I count the meeting last Wednesday , this is day 7 of work ! I sure am looking forward to being off tomorrow ... 
is behind a warehouse near soccer park , where Eric buys grain for brewing . strange watching lots of people buy what I guess is black market grain . 
Thanks sooo much to whoever called in this morning ! Now I get to go in early !!! 
Dear Ed : Cat food is supposed to be eaten on a plate , not moved to the floor and eaten while standing on the plate . Thank you . The management . 
Eric made me a removable clothesline for the backyard last night and I forgot to take it down . Oops . 
Got some funny looks today while running in my huaraches . 
On today's agenda : homemade mozzarella , brewing and maybe - please let this happen - blackberry wine . Half of our freezer space is taken up by blackberries . 
Hanging out at the Embassy with good friends . Brings back memories ! 
I'm up to 75 fiction submissions for the year ( I sent 5 out today ) . My goal is 100 , so assuming I won't be sending anything out the weeks of Thanksgiving and Christmas , I've got a lot of work to do during the remaining weeks . 
This is kind of last minute , but I'm reading at Duff's tomorrow night ( starts at 7:30 ) with Catherine Rankovic and others . We'll be reading from Are We Feeling Better Yet ? Women Speak About Health Care in America , which was published by St. Louis's own Penultimate Press . My essay is about the exciting times I had with thyroid cancer . I think the cover charge will be $5 . 
Two more shifts , then vacation ! 
I cleaned my car today , inside and out , for the first time since I got it last year . Now it's all shiny and weird looking . 
Day 2 : Errands , pizza , then the Fair Shares ( CSA ) picnic . We'll get to meet some of the farmers ! 
I am so glad coffee is part of my life . Without it , I'd still be in bed . 
Today I made strawberry preserves ( with strawberries from our garden ) and turnip greens from Fair Shares and the farmer's market as part of dinner . Tomorrow Eric's brewing beer and I'm helping ( helping him drink beer , that is , but don't tell ) . 
Celebrating the beginning of staycation ( I hate that word - can't I just use vacation and you all just know I'm not really going anywhere ??? ) with Schlafly Schwartz Beer . All is well in the world - except that word , of course . 
had a great time at Johnson's Shut-Ins and is sorry to be home now . 
Today is Ed's big day - he finally gets to go to the vet ! ( Ed's the stray cat we've been feeding . ) 
on page 175 of 336 of Packing for Mars , by Mary Roach http://bit.ly/b3eetH 
The new LCD Soundsystem is a lot better than the new Band of Horses . 
ran 3 miles in the huaraches ( longest yet ) , plus a 1 mile walk home , because I'd planned to run 4 miles but the heat got to me . I will get up earlier tomorrow morning and try again . 
I can't decide what I want to do first today : run or write ? 
We just put a little , bitty baby bird back in the nest its parents built in our eaves on the back of the house . Hope it survives ! 
is only one shift away from vacation/staycation !!!! Hoping tonight will fly by - or at least pass without any major incidents like last night's power outage . :) 
Remerch complete ! Now on to my weekend ... 
I set a goal to make 100 fiction submissions this year - so far I've submitted 44 times ( I had a few bad weeks and got a little behind ) . 17 submissions are still out . Three stories have been accepted for publication , and one has been a contest finalist twice ( one of the contests hasn't been decided yet , so there's still hope ) . Whether this is good or bad , I don't know , but it's what I'm doing . 
I spent the entire morning updating my blackberry and now I have Rhapsody on my phone ! So much better than Pandora ... 
is making banana bread . 
Christmas Part 2 - Eric's mom's house . So far , so good . 
Phase 1 of strawberry cordial making has begun . Unless you want to call the sort-of-embarrassing part where I bought Everclear at the liquor store Phase 1 - in which case this if Phase 2 . 
on page 64 of 334 of Eat , Pray , Love , by Elizabeth Gilbert http://bit.ly/9fgtFf 
I'm watching a hummingbird enjoy the morning glory blooms in the neighbor's overgrown back yard . Pretty ! 
is going running before it gets any hotter outside ! 
on page 23 of 240 of Men and Cartoons , by Jonathan Lethem http://bit.ly/bUZG3n 
Happy Veterans Day to all the veterans in my family ! Thank you !!! And a special thanks to my cousin , Jake , who is in Iraq right now . 
Is a $25 outfit still a great deal if I bought $50 boots to go with it ? 
Some weeks are longer than others . Glad I have the next two days off ! 
Enjoyed the cherries from Fair Shares so much , I'm going to try to start some trees from the seeds . 
would rather garden than go back to work , but will go back to work anyhow , because she said she would . 
picked up some Ozark Forest Edlerflower Cordial at the Bottleworks farmer's market this afternoon , and it's pretty damn tasty . 
Lots of stuff to do today : errands , laundry , cleaning ... So why have I been sitting around reading all morning ? 
I seem to have mysteriously picked up two friends on National Unfriend Day . 
Weeding the garden today and trying to decide if we want to be on the neighborhood garden tour ... 
Making sunchoke and leek soup for dinner , but after standing over a hot pot of soup , I think it's too warm for soup ! 
Last day of staycation ... 
It's my weekend !!!! Not that I'm happy about that or anything . :) 
Holy Schalfly Pumpkin Ale ! I'm in love ! 
The mockingbirds have decided it's car alarm time ! 
finally ordered blackout curtains for the bedroom - no more waking up at sunrise every day ! I feel better already . 
has gotten a lot of sleep lately - I went to bed before 9 last night and didn't get up until 7 ! 
It's my weekend ! I think a beer is in order ... 
Cleaning and drinking , drinking and cleaning . 
Homemade strawberry liqueur - who knew how good it would be ??? 
Rough work day is over . Now I am going to be disciplined and write ( instead of having a drink ) . 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only four words , what would you say to me ? ( Note : If you comment , copy and paste this into your status . ) 
I don't want to do anything else today . Maybe I need a nap ... 
enjoyed a great dinner of fresh pasta from Mangia Italiano , roasted peppers , sun-dried tomatoes and olive oil . 
Recovering from an awesome weekend - old friends , new friends , a fun party , good food , a bearded dragon - what more could a person want ? 
Another experiment in my ongoing attempts to use up all the food we're getting from Fair Shares . Who knew corn pudding baked in a cast-iron skillet would be so good ? The only non-FS ingredients were sugar and salt . If I'd been thinking , I probably could have used a sweetener from FS . 
The garden is weeded once again ( including giant tree-size weeds that I think are coming over from the abandoned house next door ) . I wish it would stay that way ! 
Having a beer while my summer squash and polenta casserole bakes . This involves three of my favorite things : using the vegetables we get from Fair Shares , casseroles , and , of course , beer . 
is hanging out with 2 kids watching Curious George . Worse things have happened , right ? 
Change your profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood . The goal is to raise awareness about child abuse . ( I was in college when The Tick was on , but that's kind of like extended childhood , right ? ) 
About to do something productive ... any second now ... 
Any of my writer friends doing NaNoWriMo ? I'm thinking about trying do some writing every day , but not doing a novel . 
My Friday has finally arrived . 
Started coffee this morning , ran outside to rescue a tiny mouse from the cats , came back in , forgot about the coffee , then wondered why I was still half asleep . Finally have coffee and feeling better . Hopefully that mouse is , too . 
Barndominium : a type of house that includes living space attached to a workshop , a barn ( typically for horses ) , or a large vehicles such as a Recreational Vehicle or a good-sized recreational boat . ( Thanks , Wikipedia ! ) 
Why is the ice cream truck still cruising the neighborhood ? Don't they know it's cold out ? And why does the song it plays sound so much like my phone ? That's just annoying . 
Especially thankful for this cocktail after one of the longest days at work . Nothing went wrong , but time crept along in such a way that looking at the clock was torture . 
We had a good time at the neighborhood picnic/National Night Out , but it sure is nice to be back in the air conditioning . 
We've got new guppies ! Six fancy ones . They're purty . 
Submitting takes so much time , but I only have 13 to go and I can call it quits for the year . 
Tried to get up at 5:30 ( when Eric gets up ) so I could run early ... but ended up sleeping ' til 7:00 . Still got my run in but it was already hot and sunny on the trail at 8:00 . 
Why am I not in bed already ??? 
Said by a customer at the store today : " Do you know why I can't find the pine nuts ? " Well , no . Not really . 
Day 3 of a 4-day writing week . Wish every week worked out this way . Of course , this also means I'm not decorating for Christmas , sending out cards or wrapping presents , but I'm okay with that . 
This evening I knitted something ( on a knitting loom ) . Not anything recognizable or usable , but something all the same . 
Once again , running destroyed my ability to focus on writing . Why why why does that happen ??? 
I love the spectacle of summer storms . Not having to water the garden today is a nice bonus , too . 
Looks like it's going to be another beautiful day ! 
Went on a very nice barefoot walk with Eric this morning . It's a beautiful day . We saw way more cyclists than usual , and in big groups , too - guess there's something going on in the St. Louis biking world today . 
A man in the restroom here at work just called the store to ask if someone could bring him more toilet paper . 
Eric called and I realized when I started talking to him that I have laryngitis . He said I should have known that , because I should have been talking to the cats , and now the cats probably think I'm mad at them because I haven't been talking to them all day . :) 
So my day of no electronics went well . It's nice to be back , but it was also nice to be away . I guess it is like a mini-vacation of sorts . 
doesn't understand why people feel compelled to ask grocery store cashiers if they " believe . " 
I'm writing today - and I'm no longer going to mention that other thing I do in my status , even though I'm going in this afternoon . 
is exhausted and ready for this week to be over . 
Remerch tonight ! Woo hoo ! ... Sigh . 
" Ideas are like rabbits . You get a couple and learn how to handle them , and pretty soon you have a dozen . " -- John Steinbeck 
Heading over to John and Lori Madisson Maisey Montonye's house , then to the wine and cheese party . Should be a fun night ! 
We went to the zoo for the first time in years today . A lot has changed ... But most importantly , I saw two baby lemurs ! 
Off to the vet with Ed . Poor little guy is dizzy and seems to have an ear problem . :( 
One nice thing about the neighbor's overgrown back yard , which I have a clear view of now that I moved my desk , is that butterflies love it over there . 
Steps toward revising my novel : taking notes on Eric's thoughts , printing up various sections for cutting , buying a book on revision . Now all I have to do is start revising . 
On Saturday we got Ed a nice red collar . Today , I get up and there's Ed , sitting in the kitchen , naked again . No red collar anywhere . 
Going to get my hair cut by the fabulous Marybeth today ! 
Any minute now , I'm going to feel wide awake and motivated to do something . Yes , any minute now ... 
Had a great time tonight at The Royale with Eric , Terry and Lindsey . 
Zucchini bread turns out to be a great way to use all that summer squash . I used a recipe that included cinnamon , curry powder , nuts and dried apricots ( the recipe wanted dried ginger , but I had apricots on hand ) . It's quite tasty ! 
I need a nap . 
I slept so much the last couple days that I felt like I was drugged . Then I dreamed that someone from work was slipping me pain killers . Hmm .... 
Can't believe my weekend is over already ... and guess what ? I'm opening AGAIN ! 
Day 2 of my 5-day stretch of all opening shifts - so far , so good . We survived the big meat/cheese remerch . 
Looking forward the tonight's " deck people " reunion at the Embassy ( and also to the nap that will happen after work , before the party ) . 
“If A equals success , then the formula is A equals X plus Y and Z , with X being work , Y play , and Z keeping your mouth shut . ” ~ Albert Einstein 
If you're at the grocery store and you decide you don't want something in your cart , please don't leave it in the frozen section , because that's what everyone else does , and you want to be different , right ??? 
So nice to be off my feet ! 
It's a gorgeous day for a nap . 
Did my first truly barefoot outdoors run today ! Only one person asked me where my shoes were . 
Back to work . 
Going to the Festival of Nations today . 
Snow ! :) 
Ed and Meep Meep are wrestling in the nearly dark living room . Meep Meep is solid black , so it looks like Ed has lost his mind . Poor Ed - collar and mind in only two days . 
One more day of work , then my weekend ! Then one day of work followed by a 5-day weekend . I guess I can't complain . 
A reminder to my writing friends - Small Press Publishing Panel at UMSL tonight at 6:00 ! All the details below . 
So it turns out I like eggplant if I prepare it myself . Who knew ? 
Making vegan pizza - Eric has high hopes for the Daiya " cheese " we picked up at Whole Foods . 
I love my new phone ! 
Is it bad if all I plan to do today is kill time until my new phone gets here ? 
How come it took me so long to discover that tea is better than coffee for hangovers ? Guess I shouldn't complain - at least I know now . 
Got my new pedometer last night and wore it all day today . I think it's going to work . I may be a tiny bit competitive , even with myself . 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! I love Facebook birthdays . :) 
Somehow I let myself go from revising my novel to reading about revising novels . I think that's been going on for weeks now . 
Looks like our dryer is broken - it tumbles but there's no heat . Should I see if it can be repaired , replace it , or switch over completely to line drying ? I line-dried everything this summer but it takes a lot longer now that the temperature has cooled . 
Neighborhood garage sale today ! Hoping for lots of good , cheap stuff ( I mean stuff that is a good value , of course ) . 
Just got back from a nice walk to Carondelet Park with Eric Janssen . It's such a beautiful day ! 
I've had a productive morning - I organized all my bookmarks ! Fun , fun . 
Looking forward the reading at Duff's tonight - Ryan Stone and Mary Troy . Hope to see lots of UMSL people there ! 
We're back from the cabin in Steelville , but I wish I was still there . 
I probably should have taken a nap instead of drinking a pot of coffee . 
Going across the river for my cousin Alan's wedding reception , the kind of reception you can wear jeans to because that's what they got married in . So I'm wearing jeans . Which is weird . So I put on some makeup and jewelry to compensate . 
Yesterday I received the fastest ever rejection on a writing submission - 24 hours ! 
Just finished my first workout in nearly a month ! Why do I ever stop ??? I feel great . 
I wrote something new this morning . It probably sucks , but it's out there and that's always a relief . 
Why didn't I go see roger waters do The Wall tonight ? Why why why ??? 
Who knew steering wheel covers were such a PITA to put on ??? And now it's slightly crooked so all the little skulls look like they're tilting their heads quizzically . 
Crazy neighbor who abandoned his house earlier this year is back today . He's mowing his lawn - that makes twice this year , I think . 
So this day five of a green tea and lemon juice fast - one , I survived , and two , to my surprise , I feel great . Looking forward to eating tomorrow , though ! 
Get out and vote today ! 
To write or not to write ... 
The cats wait by the vents for the heat to come on . It's pretty cute . 
Our cat Elroy is missing . We haven't seen him since before we went out of town this weekend . If you live in the area , please look out for him . He has short yellow-orange fur with white stripes , and the stripes make circles on his sides . He's wearing an orange plaid collar with a bell and tag . 
“The road to hell is paved with works-in-progress . ” —Philip Roth 
All that work sending out submissions is paying off . I've got stories forthcoming in The Linnet's Wings , Natural Bridge and Hayden's Ferry Review . 
" Drag your thoughts away from your troubles ... by the ears , by the heels , or any other way you can manage it . " Happy birthday , Mark Twain . 
I just had the best fruit salad ever and the secret ingredient is coconut milk . 
Nothing quite like waking up at 2am for a 5am shift and not being able to go back to sleep . :( 
A cat " chirping " at birds always makes me smile . 
on page 49 of 576 of Freedom , by Jonathan Franzen http://bit.ly/gFzRSS 
Nothing quite like coming into work at 5am only to find that the power is out . Fun , fun ! 
The father of the man who more-or-less abandoned the house next door is in the backyard , cutting down the overgrown weeds with a small hatchet . Should I be worried ? 
Ed lost another collar . Some of the other cats have had the same collar their entire lives and Ed can't keep one on for three days . 
Time to start revising my novel . Eric Janssen was kind enough to read the first draft and give me feedback , so I've got lots to work on . :) 
I did it ! 100 submissions sent out in 2010 . Six acceptances . 40 submissions still out . One story went to 17 markets , was twice a semi-finalist in contests , yet still hasn't found a home . Another was accepted the second time I sent it out . Such is the writing life ... 
Ew ! Dead mouse gift on the porch mat this morning . 
Had a nice dinner at Hawthorne Inn last night - they can make even the bland food Eric and I are eating taste good ! 
Nice relaxing Thanksgiving so far . Let's hope it stays that way ! 
Going to read for a while and then do nothing for a while ( thanks for the great Nothing plan , Rosetta Cipponeri ) . 
You know those chirping noise cats make when they watch birds ? Ed is making them for the aquarium fish . 
At Eric's Dad's house - Christmas Part 1 . 
Happy Anniversary , Eric Janssen ! Thank you for the best seven years of my life so far ! 
“The man who cannot visualize a horse galloping on a tomato is an 
idiot . ” —Andre Breton 
I'm only 14 submissions away from my goal of 100 submissions this year ... 
Going caroling with the neighbors tonight . I'm not sure I've ever been caroling before , and I can't sing , but I've been assured that won't matter . :) 
From the comments on a Lifehacker article about Android phone annoyances : " My biggest problem is that it lets people call me and interrupt my game of Angry Birds . If I'd wanted a phone I wouldn't have bought a small computer . " 
One of my resolutions ( borrowed from a friend - thanks Maria ! ) is to go electronics-free one day a week . Tomorrow will be that day . No laptop , phone used only as a phone . Honestly , I ' m a little nervous about it , which I'm sure means I really need to do it . 
Three days off ! I'm so excited I woke up at 6am ... :/ 
Snow day ! Thanks to Capt . Dan for letting me stay home today . My driving-in-a-blizzard skills are completely untested and I'd like things to stay that way . 
Christmas Part 3 - at my brother's house . 
Anyone thinking about staying up to see the eclipse tonight ? 
I'm ready for spring ! And I'd like to stay inside until it gets here . 
I need a name for a fictional bar in the Ozarks . Any ideas ? 
I love revising . I love revising . I love revising . ( If I say it enough , it will come true , right ??? ) I love revising . I love revising ... 
What is this all this snow doing here ?!? Three inches here in the city and it's still coming down . 
I just made a huge batch of applesauce with all the apples we've been saving from Fair Shares . It turned out great ! 
Good news - my flash fiction " Lost " placed second in The Borges Prose Contest at Caper Literary Journal . It will be published online and in the 2010 anthology . 
is kind of curious how the cats are making so much noise in the other room ... but not enough to get up and check . 
This is perfect weather for running - and just about anything else . 
I'm ready to start gardening . Guess I'll get out the seeds and , like I do every year , start about ten times as many plants as we have space for . 
I made homemade tapioca pudding for the first time today . Next time I'll make a double batch so Eric can have some , too . ;) 
" You can indirectly describe what frightens you by what surrounds it . " 
finished with The Samaritan , by Fred Venturini http://goodreads.com/user_status/show/5159135 
Vacation ! FINALLY 
I need a bigger suitcase . Or less stuff . 
High altitude drinking - holy shit ! Happy inlaws ! 
Ski school tomorrow at Copper Mountain for me . Here's to not breaking anything ! 
To recover from yesterday's skiing debacle , I'm going hiking today . We found an 11 mile trail right behind the condo . 
Next up - tubing . 
Dreamed I was neglecting housework and the cats and plants were dying . I may not be the best housekeeper , but everything is still alive . 
Packing up the van . We'll walk around until Eric is finished snow boarding , then we're staying with some relatives outside of Denver tonight . 
Spending the day reading a good book is a pretty good way to transition from vacation to work . I think . We'll see how work goes tomorrow . 
We got a package in the mail today , which means the cats are in for a wild night of box hopping ! 
I still hate going to bed early . I'm starting to think I might not outgrow it . 
Sending stories out is just so much fun , but I'd rather be outside . Almost finished ... 
I just ordered a North Star Cherry tree for the front yard . They only get 10 ft . tall , which is a lot better than the 30 ft . apple tree I also considered ! 
Trying to write this evening , after working all day . Nearly impossible ! 
I just woke up . We did a remerch last night and I didn't get home until 6am , but it feels strange to be just now waking up . 
Is there anything in the world that would make me actually want to revise this synopsis ? Major lack of motivation going on here . 
I've gotten up from my desk three times to get something , and three times I've made it back without the thing I need . 
Damn clouds . 
St. Louis friends ! Great view of the moon now ! Hurry ! 
Estate sales this morning ! Plus a little Junque and Bike Works later . 
Writing is fun , but revising is work . 
It seems to be nap time . 
Dear men : If it's a unisex bathroom , please put the seat down when you're finished . I mean , you've already touched it once , right ? What's a second time going to hurt ? 
I don't really mind the snow , but I am looking forward to visiting our friends in Singapore around this time next year , where I'm sure it won't be snowing . 
Estate sales this morning , then work later . 
This may be the prettiest snow I've ever seen , especially on the trees that had bloomed . It's like larger-than-life snow or something . 
Angry cat is sitting on my desk , staring out the window at nothing , and growling . It's only a matter of time before she attacks ... my hands . 
I'm tempted by this Amazon Cloud Android music thing ... anyone signed up and using it yet ? What do you think ? 
Resurrecting an old , nearly forgotten story . The revisions it needs seemed impossible two years ago . Today they are easy . I guess setting work aside helps . 
I cut my finger on a can last night and the cut's not that bad , but it hurts like crazy . I can feel the pain all the way up to my elbow . Actually , it would probably hurt less if I'd stop typing . 
I don't know if this will work for everyone , but when I went to Ebay , I got a notification that Groupon was offering $15 of Ebay credit for $7 . I can't find the deal on the groupon website , so if you shop at Ebay , check the Ebay site today and see if it comes up . 
I love windy days and wind chimes . 
So I've got plans to ... spend the rest of my life revising this novel I wrote , or so it seems . 
Slept until 10 yesterday . Up at 7 today . Went to bed at the same time both nights . Sleep is a mystery ... 
Ha ! I managed to find a hammer AND a couple nails , despite Eric Janssen's attempts to hide the household tools from me . :) 
