got a new laptop :) it's heavy nice . yaaay ! 
is having a nice laaazy day !!! Getting new laptop tomorrow (: Can't wait for tonight either , cuddle up's and movies ! 
Tonight was nice (: !! Can't sleep again and got Mr Happy snoring his head off beside me D: rofl ! 
This may be rude , but if anybody wants to take up on the offer of washing the dishes , ken ... feel free !! You's created concentration camps then Hitler thought " Oh ! Thats a good idea I'm away to gas some Jew's now ! So if anybodies scum mate it's you . " 
pure booored . too tired to dae anyhing !! hobnobs <3 hahaa .. GOLLY !! 
ill ill illll fuckin ILL ... Maaa took me shoppin the day (: haa new shoes . And apparently Uncle John's gonna post on this tae everybody that we watch deal or no deal ): " Waitwaitwait ... rewind back to 1785 ... so you're actually scum !!! " 
i actually am SO bored !! I want abit of yaknowwhat nomnomnom (; . right then pal !! 
and a furgot tae add ... wish a was in leith right now :( !! 
so ..... tired ): ! and my tongue hurts where its pierced . why is all a do on this is complain ??? 
what's on my fucking mind ? well ; apparently MrHalliday has done nothin but " work his baws oaf over the past nearly3year " ( work ? HAHAHAHA . Brilliant . keep ' em comin ) , ill be gawn roond makin him oot tae be the bad cunt ( LOL nivir denied i wasny a wee cow sometimes , certainly didny deserve what yi done tho ) , and i should huv the decency tae tell um we're over ( almost as if he hasn't realised - take a fuckin HINT son ! ) . 
and I make superhero comic-book noises . OOFT . POW . cheers ; nice hat , calamity jane . 
newww laptop (: tiiidy . 
i should probly sleep soon ... 
And another fucking BELTER - we can remain friends as well ! oh how about we talk aboot that yin whilst holdin hands over a coffee ? Somehow ; I DON'T THINK SO . 
Not slept probably in like 5 days ! Over-active brain LOL ): ! Heid's a bit minced , keep seeing white dot's when I blink rofl ... Time for bed and some tunies me thinks :) x 
right , well thats the sleepin idea right oot the window ! heid is fuckin buuuuzzin mate ! 
Lisa's AnnSummer's party Thrusday ; drunk ! Friday ; My bday - melted ! Saturday ; uptooooon here we come raaaa :D . 
" lisa isnt workin wit me we in the state bt she workio wh the work im in x " apparently that means " mum im stayin at lisa's tonight " . When a read it this mornin a wis creeeeased !!! 
I've discovered something AMAZING ! 
ooooomg parrrrtytime the night :) eeeeeee !!! if anycunt wants t come then ehh send ehs a message . startin at mines fir aboot half 7 ... 
Severely gutted !! I can be such a mong ): ! 
I really do think too much like ): !! Fuuuuck ! 
5 days till my birthday ! unbelievably excited rofl 
ken that raj feelin you get when yir heart pure sinks :( just got that heavy disni feel nice ataw ... why meee ! ): 
" You know how you get those bag's with wheels , well if you have one that DOESN'T Have wheels ...! " Aye , that's a bag pmsl ! 
TONY IF YI SEE THIS GIT IN TOUCH ASAP YA WEE FLANGE ! IMPORTANT NEWS HAHA !! Well thats the weekend sorted then (: yeeeeeeha ! bring on the party !! 
woooork is actually geein me a heavy sare back from standin aww day :( 
RIP John Faver 1953-2010 ): will miss arguin with you Dad ! x 
apparently - me fallin asleep , makin a pure fucked up noise like " NYAAA ! " , then wakin up wi ma wee brer like " yi orite ? " and am like " aw ... what the fuck man ... a just hud a dream ... it wis like .... aw fuck .. " and then fallin back tae sleep almost fuckin instantly - is the funniest hing on the planet atm rofl ! btw Mr Antony Robertson Faver the dream wis aboot a shower haa . 
my brother is a fucking shitebag btw ! i actually had to use every single last bit of willpower to stop myself from ramming his face through the fucking patio doors , honestly ! that boy is in serious , SERIOUS need of a good beating like . 
just dropped like 20 cans of juice on my foot . haha ouch 
infact , just realised - i am such a fuckin RETARD !!! omg ! sat and admitted summin i didnt do just to get out for a jobcentre appointment , fuck i would've been out at 4 if i had just kept my fuckin mouth shut ! what a fanny ! i really REALLY didnt do it !! 
apparently i've been speaking to my ex fuckin non-stop . oh aye ! thats right aye ! oh wait , must've spoke to him but just not realised i was doing it cos I CERTAINLY DONT REMEMBER . 
could really stab someone right now ..!! seriously i wouldn't even go neaaaar my ex ! eugh nut , no daaanger !!! 
shteaaamin !! 
didn't realise just how hard writing a funeral speech was !! 
is veryveryvery angry/upset the now ! once again , i think too much ! 
thinks the NHS should go fuck itself like ! 
Ok . How did i get intae bed last night ?? how was i no wearin a bra and had a tshirt on back to front ?? why did ma fingers smell like mint when i woke up ? got farfarfar too drunk rofl ... huv tae say tho - birthday wis good ! (: 
Now i think aboot it , least i didny spend Valentine's Day on my own haha ! 
" she'll be lying flat on the ground kicking her legs about " .... " AZARIA ...! How can she do that if she's in a fucking WHEELCHAIR , completely paralysed from the waist down . " ahaaaa imma idiot . 
gutted i couldny go to Standin Order the night ): ! actually fancied a drink as well . ohwell , just means theres more time for it tomorrow 8 ) 
loves the fact her ex think's that he can pour out a few pathetic sorry's and thinks she'll go crawling back ! hahaha ! sadly mistaken mate !! 
cant believe how well she and her brother is dealing with this ! 
how the fuck is my ann summers delivery turned up at someone else's house !? 
just out the cells and been charged for something I DIDNT EVEN FUCKING DO !!! this is a miscarriage of justice i swear ! arresting me at 9 this mornin , arsemonkeys ! 
burnt myself with the steamer at work today ! shit myself hahaha was heavy sore !!! and once again it was freeeeeezing today ! 
swears she will pull a sheet of clingfilm over her mothers face ... 
JUSARASCALHE'SJUSTARASCALJUSARASCALDIZZEERASCAL ( 8 ) haha yaas ! why are all my pals turnin into creeps and flirting with me !?!?! wheres this all comin fae ??! 
now having to stand up and make a speech at da's funeral ! ohhh god ! 
For an easy adrenaline rush , try eating After-Eight mints at around half past seven ... 
Help . Please sum1 i have nae cash and wis just threatend 2 gt mi throat cut if i drunk anymre milk . I have no muney and havnt ate in 4 days cos i spew wen i try . The number i last txt mum 6ff is t numbr u kin get me on help plz 
Ken wht fuk it im gna go raj ! Fae the moment i wake up til i go 2 bed aw i hear is ' do this , do tht , oh u'v dun it but its wrong ' so ken wht mate GOFUCKTURSEL . 
back home !! fuckin grannys dog sunk his nashers intae my wrist and nearly tore it off whilst i was screaming in the car thinking this cunt's comin through the windae next this is fuckin game over ! hospital tomorrow to get a tetnus ! AHHH ! 
REVEREND GETTIN FUNKY WI A PIPE ORGAN 
tme to go to hospital !! ahhh :( 
he got oot on bail and has my fucking bank card , AND i get paid the morn !!!! WTF !!! 
I got the ipod working !!! troubleshooters ACTUALLY WORK !! 
You ken that awkward moment when someone makes a comment hinting that they wanna have sex with you but you just CANNOT tell if their bein serious or no !?! wtf ! 
You know , when i'm standing here completely still , it's not me . it's a shell , i'm actually in Timbucktoo havin an out of body experience . woosh . 
Staind - Outside .. <3 what a song . 
Fucking nhs24 told me to go to some hospital in musselburgh , so me and tony walked there , got lost . Turns out nhs24 gee oot false info and sent me to a fucking CARE HOME !! Do I REALLY need a tetnus ?? just noticed a bite mark on my stomach as well . 
Can someone tell me wtfs happening ... everytime i google something and click on the link , Nno matter what it is , it takes me to some shan search engine page !!! ey single fucking link ! wtf !! 
it stops me from sleeping . 
Timeto go get a doobus de junkus !! 
Got my tetnus haha ! and my weeeed man yahooooo !!! 
never thought i'd see the day where my wee bro taps money oaf me haha . my dealer said i wis beautiful and now im well chuffed haha !! 
eh-eh-eh-eh-yeh-yeh-yeh-yeh-yeh-yeh-yeh huh-huh-huh-huh-ha !!! 
Woke up this mornin , my right arm in so much pain ! Damn you tetnus injection thingy , damn you to hell !!!! 
Got some goooooood plans goin here !! Keepin it oan the down-low the now but i look like iv been sleepin wi a coathanger in ma mouth !! haha this is brilliant x ) 
my mind is like a fountain of idea's !! dont give a shit what anyone say's im doin this ! just be another thing i can throw back in their faces when im doin well & prove everbody wrong haha , quaaaaaality x ) 
ever just listened to some music and thought this is depressing , i want to cut my wrists . radiohead is the fucking top contender , their music is depressing on a colossal scale like . 
Its half 8 on a Sunday ... Why am I awake ?? I can smell the roast fir tonight & now i feel sick !! :( 
flllly away on my zephyr I feeel it more than ever and in this perfect weather we'll find a place together ( 8 ) 
You ken its strange , i'v lived either near or in edinburgh my entire life , and not once have i actually been to edinburgh castle . hmm . 
must ... pick ... scab ... cant ... resist ... >:( 
Finally got a fucking freeview box for ma room , goodbye channels 1-5 !! you are dead to me !!! 
just looked in ma rollin tray , the look o disgust on my face must have been a fucking picture when i realized i only have like a particle o green left D: 
If you can play the guitar , you cant play guitar hero . and if you can play guitar hero , you will almost certainly be shit at guitar . Fact . I have gathered this info from many sources over a number of years . If you CAN infact do both - pat yoursel on the back , seriously . 
soz cant reply 2 people , been makin plans all day jeeeezo got ma thinkin cap on here ! 
Eva Cassidy has the voice of an angel . 
lol . somebody just phoned the house 3 times and sat in silence on the phone for 30 minute , so me and my mama sat barkin and makin ghost noises doon the phone . lmao got a vague idea of who it is , fuckin saddo !! pmsl . 
lol . just found a way of seeing who looks at your profile the most ( none of this application shite ) . very very simple , a baby could do it . but guess what the best fucking part is ?? I'm not telling anyone :) haha . 
Can't believe it , norton ran out and now have 25 viruses ! Can't system restore , netbook can't take disks . Won't let me use ie and avg won't install :( 
Up so early , even though I went to sleep really late . Wtf man . 
got some good news today :) roll on thursday !! 
we come in peace shoot to kill shoot to kill shoot to kill ! 
Shower then back to work ! I have a full day of counting and multiplying ahead of me , damn numbers ! 
WARNING PLEASE READ ! I don't usually re-post these , but ... If someone comes to your front door and asks you to remove your clothes and dance in your front yard with your arms in the air , DO NOT do this !! It is a scam ! They just want to see you naked . Please copy and post this to your status . I wish I had received this yesterday . I feel so stupid now 
Am I the only person in the world that fucking LOVE the gocompare adverts !? seriously !? 
lol ronnie in eastenders in the police cells ... Since when do they have pillows to rest your head on in the cells ?? haha . 
lol love how tony described my life " from riches to rags to riches to rags to riches to rags to riches ... AGAIN " 
hahahahahahahaha ashleigh wallace did a big stinkin watery shite in a bed in someone else's hoose while she wis sleepin and it wis all over her back and in her hair now ive remembered it i cant stop laughin . locked hersel in the bathroom and cried for an hour LMAO 
no bein funny but im turnin 20 next year , lol i like MEN over the age of 21 not boys . 
right , scran , family guy then bed !! 
Next person i find out has a pic of me as their background even AFTER i deleted them and put my profile on private , I'll take the jaw clean off their fucking face . They will get the kicking of a lifetime , and i dont make threats sweetheart , only promises ;) 
Oh , and Lady Gaga is a HOUND . honestly just seen a pic of her wtf !? LOL i really dunno how folk find that horse attractive !! 
ive been sunbathing for 15 minutes and now my face is covered in freckles ! ALREADY !? 
my bro telt me if you have freckles it means you had black ancestors . so i asked cos i have more freckles than him , do i have more black ancestors ? to which i got the reply " azaria , we're brother and sister , we have the same fucking ancestors ! " D ' : 
lol money management for junkies " your all shooting up , why not share needles ? more money in your pocket , more drugs in your veins ! " hahaha 
I want to laminate my hair , then go into the hairdressers and ask them to straighten it . 
I just weighed myself , and when i stood on the scales it came up " error " :( lol nut man nut !!! 
This netbook is seriously testin my FUCKING PATIENCE >:( its never endin wi this shit !! viruses ! crashing ! deciding to not tell me when i need to plug it in !!!!! AW WHAT !! And WHY do i have 8 biro pens in my room !? wtf !? 
maaate shes that much o a tramp she doesnt even have a washin machine , she just takes her clothes doon to the creek and beats them wi rocks !! 
Just searched my name up on urban dictionary and am pleased ! " awesome beautiful girl with sexy eyes , a cute smile and a face that will take your breath away . someone great to have around and a great girlfriend . one of a kind , very hard to find someone as good as her " 
beeen at work all night , money management and statistics and shit are hard man :( my fingers well sare from writing ! 
Oh and goodnight 
Anycunt ken where I can get bit weed ? In Edin or east Lothian ?? PLEASE !! 
just dropped the hoover on my toe :( OWWWWWWW 
lolol just got a message " hey babes , you ever watched secret diary of a call girl ? i think you'd be good at it , you can make upto £2000 a week ... " LMAO NAWWWW HEN !! 
Copy and paste this if your Dad is in Heaven . If roses grow in heaven , Lord , then pick a bunch for me . Place them in my dad's arms and tell him they from me . Tell him that i love and miss him , and when he turns to smile , place a kiss upon his cheek and hold him for a while . Think of u always Dad ... miss u not being part of my life xox 
lol just logged into ma bebo for the 1st time in ages , behold the rants of my ex , i've been getting my kill all day . " wish she wasnt so beautiful ! " aye so dae i mate , you'd probably stop bein such a pathetic loser if i wisny eh : L 
pop out for a smoke and then get ready !! 
need to take the goddamn dog out >:( 
" The forum requires you wait 60 seconds between sending messages . Try posting again in 1 second . " O_O dont know if I can wait that long like ... 
none of my messages are comin through ! says i have them but not showing up ! wall posts please 
lol i've had sex with what .... 2 people over the past 4/5 years . And I'm a slag ? pmsl . seriously , pissing my fucking pants laughing here . 
Sod men like ! They go on how " lassies are heidfucks " , quite clearly no the entire female race's fault is it ? we're no all the same guys ! Fuck this shit , I'm sticking to women !!! 
Just got a few plans goin here . someone's gettin taken apart the morn like ;) 
LMAO just found a fat version of me hahahaha !!!! like my spitting image but a size 4000 hahahahaha 
I wish I didn't care , but I do . And it keeps me awake at night . Ho-hum . 
went to view that place today , it's perfect ! ^___^ 
Cant believe they've already made a movie about the royal wedding ! wtf !!! it's not even happened yet ! No suprise that it's going straight to DVD then . 
might have a snoooooooze 
Fuckin ... 
Having to stand outside to have a cig is really starting to irratate me now , it's freezin outside ! I'm gonna go out one day & not come back in cause I'll be frozen to the spot !! 
Bedtime , g'night x 
This is so sad : Please put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who suffers from stupidity . People need to understand that stupidity is real and should be taken seriously . You could be sitting next to a sufferer right now . There is still no known cure for stupidity and sympathy does not help . But we can raise awareness . 93% won't share because they don't know how to copy and paste 
got my tan done hmmmmm x ) 
Went into B&Q and their selling garden knomes in suits and wedding dresses with union jack hats on for this royal wedding shit !! Thought it couldn't get worse , until I went to the cig counter in asda and seen " royal wedding stickers " . WTF !?!?! 
Love how an ex from years ago adds me , then deletes me . Just havin a nose at what you cant have , buddy ? lol . I'm too cocky for my own good but fuckit !! 
LOL quote of the day ; " I wis gonna go for a dump , but I'll wait till I have a smoke and the nicotine stimulates the glands in my ringpiece " 
Anybody else noticed in Friends , how much the lassies are sluts !? Seriously , in the 10 years that show was on air , their characters must have shagged like 400 people !! 
too early , far too early . 
Benefits of being up so early = Spongebob Squarepants is on x ) hahaha it really is hilarious 
Just found out the sleepers the doctor gave me have the same chemicals in them as magic mushrooms . Nae wonder I've been tripping balls when I take them !! 
I just tried to commit suicide . Not doing that again , I almost killed myself !! 
The ice cream van that comes up this way needs a bit of autotune like . That wee song he's playing is FUUCKED !! 
Just stuck my fingers on the iron to see if it had heated up . And now I'm regretting it . 
Just looked on a dream analysis website to see what my raj dreams are about . Apparently having sex can mean it's been too long since you've had sex . I didn't need a website to tell me that -____- 
C'mooooon mum i want ma indian >:( 
Just seen a shooting star ! Tbh was shitting myself a bit cos I keep havin dreams of seein one , then it just gets closer and closer to earth and crashes into it , then we all die . Nat good . 
mmm toffee yogurt 
Absolutely boilin outside !! 
Time to clean my room , get ready and enjoy the sunshine . Cant wait for the hot tub to get put in x ) 
Thats like the millionth time Ive walked in on my brother ... y'know V_V I should probably learn how to knock doors before I go barging in . 
omg , I'm sick to the fucking back teeth of " FACEBOOKS SHUTTING DOWN ON WHENEVER . FACEBOOK ARE GONNA MAKE YOU PAY " . Are you stupid ?? The guy who made this site is now a millionaire , so he's clearly smart enough to know shutting down/charging folk for this would be a huge mistake . Jeezo man . 
got a serious spot on my lip . not a coldsore , an actual spot . and it is SOOOOO sore :( 
Right anyway ; thank you auntie ron for reminding me . I'm currently doing a massive cull . Anybody I don't speak to/have never spoken to , weirdo's , folk I generally don't care for or freakshows will be gettin deleted as in from now . Leave me wi like 5 friends , dont care . 
Lucky bastards over the fence having a BBQ and I'm stuck with a salad ! 
Time for my shitey salad * sigh * 
Notifications keep coming up 20 minutes after they've actually happened . Aye , nae bother facebook , ken ! 
lol . Got a tarot reading done thinking it was gonna be a load of balls . Extremely creepy how accurate it was . And I mean like , times , dates , people . Wtf ? 
Ironed all my clothes yesterday ; and now have just stuck them in a huge pile on the floor . Ohwell . 
I swear to god one more " I killed the easter bunny ! " or " I'm with the east bunny ! " , and I will track your ip address , find you , tear your arm off and beat you with the hand end !!! ITS ONLY EASTER !! 
aaaaand a message from my ex claiming he wants no strings attached sex . aye riiiiiiight mate . somehow , I dont think so : L 
Tidy weather yesterday , and today it is shit !! Scotland's weather is schizophrenic I swear it ! 
I've just finished writing a 600 page novel using invisible ink . 

Unfortunately I didn't realise my pen ran out after the second page . 
hmmm time for a scran and a smoke .... 
Feel sick :S owwwww 
Just noticed they've put the buses up by 10p again ! £1.30 !! compared to the rest o the country's bus service , not too bad . But I mind when it was 80p for an adult and 50p for a bairn :( 
Hmmm . Time for some music I think .......... 
Fucks wrong wi my facebook ? It's havin a spaz attack :S 
was about to jump into bed there , then realised i still need to put the sheets on . Dammit , Canni be arsed x ( 
lol . apparently a kidnapper rollin around port seton tried to get 3 boys from the young team in his car .... They kicked the shit out of him : L 
I hate when people steal quotes from movies , it makes me angry , and you wouldn't like me when I'm angry .... 
Looks like it's beddybyes for me then ! Nanite ! x 
I hate how people just assume because im not working , i must be sittin on my arse all day gettin stoned . its called studying at home -___- i cant afford to sit and watch tele . 
Why do I never put on weight ?? :( WHY !? I want to be a size 10-12 again D: 
time to clean the entire house , then back to work . oh what an exciting life I lead . 
wee night in with a bottle o vino and a smoke wi the ladies ;) 
I AM A HANDFUL !! ( Unfortunately most women WON'T re-post ) I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken , and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle but I love and give with all my heart . If you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you are a HANDFUL , re-post ! I dare you .. I'll be looking for the ladies who re-post 
Seriously dry mouth . 
Hehehehe theres the hot tub gettin put in x ) 
Computer fucked up bad ! Actually had to turn it off before it went through my windae !! :( damn netbook !! 
WHOS COMIN FIR A DIP HAAAW !!! 
Haircut and tan tomorrow and then chill time :) 
netbooks wrecked , wont even restore now . havin to run everything in safe mode >:( 
lmfao just had another look at her pics , hahahahaha cant believe she had the cheek to call me ugly wahaaaa she's got pure droopy eyes !!! 
I used to care ; probably still do care , but i just dont care about caring . its not my thaaaang . lulz . 
Honestly , the mere thought of someone I don't like having an absolutely miserable time is enough to make my fucking day :) 
BBC NEWS : Man found dead in closet . 
Some people just can't handle Narnia . 
Bit of family guy , fanta lemon and bed i think ;) 
Just went to turn on jeremy Kyle , And it's cancelled :( . Getting my hair done today so don't care x ) 
Haircut hmmmm <3 I have a fringe eeeeee ! 
just back after a weekend of constant bev , sat for an hour on the train back wanting to punch the child next to me . How dare it scream when I am hungover !! 
Scran & bed . <3 Then lots of studying tomorrow oooh god ... 
omg . Hahaha . I just worked out what he's dain !!! Hahaha ! Yas ! Oh the hilarity , that has truly made my night !!! Hahahaha !!! 
Keep seeing status updates for people cheesin cause football factory's on . Danny Dyer is a straight up pussy like , a serious weed . If I met him , I would knock his teeth out one by one . 
lol at bin laden , lol 
lololol and as if the US army offered him the chance to surrender before he was shot . Aye right then ... 
Just out the shower mmm . Will have new pics for nuts uploaded in the next couple of days guys <3 
hmmmm I have 21 unread inbox messages . lol 
Bairns in the hot tub , bairns eatin banana's , bairns everywhere and still more to come AHHHHHH !!! 
Made the mistake of saying the word " pedophile " infront of 3 kids all under 7 . Told them a pedo was a bad fat man with a beard and glasses , they are now scared of Santa . Well done , Azaria . 
I am ... Exhausted . 
I genuinely think I had more fun at the playpark today than the kids I took . I wish I had my own kids so I go go and have a shot on the swings more often without looking like an absolute weirdo . 
lol , love how the citizens of new york thought it was a good idea to go dancing in the streets over bin ladens death , as if there isn't any other turban wearing , bearded muslim extremists in the world . 
" 20 HILARIOUS things not to say during sex " , turns out it isn't so fucking hilarious . I've said worse than that ¬___¬ 
Housework ... Nooooooooo :( 
Whats on my mind , Facebook ?? Well ... I ate a hot dog for breakfast and now I feel sick .. 
I just spent the past hour roaring obscenities at my netbook , the piece of shit !! 
Annnnnd my bro's doorhandle just jammed so can't get in his room .. Thought about climbing from the bathroom window into his room window , looked how high it was and went " ok ... Nope " . Sorry mate , you're on your own . 
Have to give a huge thumbs up to the dafty's that made these viruses . They've created a virus that actually stops me from going on ANY anti-virus website . Kudos , guys . Seriously . 
" The BBC believes most people have only read 6 of these 100 books " ... lol , I've only read 1 , and even still I'm not sure . Where the fucks To Kill A Mockingbird !?! 
was stupid enough to click the " look what you'll look like in 20 years " . what a moron i am . It's now sending out wall posts to all my pals , DONT CLICK IT !!!! 
Anybody see that giant mushroom cloud thats currently forming over Prestonpans ? Sorry about that , but I've just fucking exploded !! Some people man HONESTLY !!!! 
woke up this morning , thought I was gettin cuddles of a nice warm man . nearly shit my knickers when i turned around and it was a teddy bear . I wanted real cuddo's :( !!! 
my facebook is lying to me and saying i have comments on a status i posted , but according to facebook the status was never posted . fml :( !!! 
MEANWHILE , AT THE LEGION OF DOOM .... 
just been informed when I fell asleep on the couch when I was drunk on saturday , I started giving my thumb oral . Like a proper blowjob wahaaaa !! 
south park , then sleepies ^____^ NIGHTNIGHT 
Far too early ... Messed up dreams ahhh 
Mmmm nice day , I think this calls for a severe lack of clothes . 
Can't believe it . Finally got an antivirus that works last night , got rid of all the virus . Turn on my comp this morning and turns out some virus has corrupted my entire hard drive :( 
She's getting leathered like . 
FUUUUUUUUUCK !!!!!!!! FUCKFUCKFUCK !!! FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK !!! 
Got a cold :( 
South park and beddddddd i feel ill man :( 
Carpet fitter woke me up :( was bubbled last night <3 
Hate the cold !!! Runny nose ahhh :( ! 
Bad weather , but it's good enough for the hot tub 
Wow . Totally cannot be bothered the night like .... Got fake tan done to try and cover the shitness the cold has left me . 
I only just noticed Fb's added a Dislike button ... lol . 
Right ... I better start replying to all these messages . I have 22 unread or something lol . Oh and I know I said a couple of days but pics up over the weekend hahaa sorry 
Sore throat , thumping headache and I swore that dream lasted a decade , no 30mins :( 
My bro lost tomb raider D: that deserves a skelp across the heid tbh 
i still have this cold , so i might just go back to bed and watch the entire 10 series of friends whilst cursing the day i was born LOL 
>:( windows 7 can sook my fuckin nips like !!!! bastard !!! 
Ken what ?? I am sick to the fuckin back teeth o hearin about Bin Laden . Aye its good he's dead , but it's not gonna make any difference , if anything it'll make everything worse , cause now we've pissed al-quaeda off they'r gonna retaliate . I dont care if he's alive , or dead , i dont care about these jokes , i really just DO NOT care so stfu . 
eeeeee oh ma daddio back tae bed a go 
So bored . In the mood for going out , finding a random person and decking them for no apparent reason . But I am ill , so will save that for another day :) 
dirty thoughts lolz ha . It's been too long man . 
Scran then im getting back into bed .. damn cold >:( 
No bein funny ... But see the black eyed peas , the guy with the long hair - What is his purpose ??? He just dances and pulls faces in the background . Nobody actually gives a shit about him . 
O AND . Lady Gaga is nothing compared to Gwen Stefani . I think Lady Gaga should just sit in the corner and play with her balls for the rest of her life . 
Shit san !! It's the 5-0 !! 
Had a horrible dream last night that my teeth were falling out D: eww 
Goddamn cold !!! Go die !! 
And I don't get how Americans can eat pancakes with bacon and egg wtf ??? They should only be eaten with nutella . Lots of nutella . 
Just stood reading my brothers tarot cards . Apparently all he's good at is love affairs . Wonder who he takes that from hmmm .... Haha 
AHHHHHH !!!!! 
Hmmmm I'm starving 
Lookin at make up tips online .. " NEVER apply mascara whilst driving , you could poke your eye out ! " yeah , because all I'm gonna worry about while smashing through a windscreen into a flaming pile up is " shit !! Got mascara in my eye ! " 
Hmmm cuddles are good . Damn shame I don't get any , hahaha . 
just thinkin about the good ole ' days where Dad would pick us up at the weekend , drive us down to leith docks and say " come on kids , laugh at the prostitutes ! " haha 
It would be a different story if that person knew what that other person physically said to my face . 
Anybody had an OBE or any idea on how to do astral projection ??? 
LOL I <3 my brother ! " I'm gonna go astral project my bowels . Technically it's an out of body experience ! " 
Just tested my iq , am now suicidal . 52 isn't a low score , that's mental retardation . 
Hmm . Sleep is good . Waking up baaad . 
Bought my bro a sweetie in tesco's , as we were coming out he turned and said to me " cheers mum " , just to see the reactions on people's faces haha !! 
Ahhhh hungover 
I can safely say this is the worst hangover I've ever had , ever . It will not go away >:( 
Choppin boards are made tae no gee a fuck aboot kitchen knives !! HAHA 
Genuinely never laughed at south park like I did last night .. GODDAMN MONGOLIANS !!!! HAHAHAHAHA 
so bored and still got this cold !!! 
OH since when did my saturday nights got boring ?? Since I discovered that lying in bed is like ... hmm , lying in bed , which is ... um ... JUST LYING IN BED !!! 
Chill in the hot tub me thinks x ) !! 
I love music , so much !!!!! So SO much !! 
my mum made a ton of these TIIIIDY peanutbutter cookies , but the ole ' hag took them into her work and let the cookie -theivin bams there scran them ! cheers mum !! 
Grids thumpin owww 
Fuck Amsterdam , we're hittin Jamacia this year !! 
Dunno why folk insist on posting status updates aboot the football scores etc when you could just turn on the tele and look , ken ?? 
Got the doctors tomorrow , dreading it . Had this cough for a few months now and can barely walk 20ft without having to stop for a breath . " stop smoking " naw pal . Just naw . 
It's a shame when something COULD have been . But that's life I suppose , just get on wi it . 
Right so just discovered you can see where you last logged in . The dickhead who's been logging into my account fae milton keynes , london and reading better hope they stay in those places , cos they'll get done like . 
EVERYBODY . Account > Settings > Account Security > Change . See what fuckers have been logging into your facebook , the location and time . ANYTHING SUSPICIOUS , CHANGE YER PASSWORD !!! Dirty bastards man , nae need like . 
According to my ma I'm great with kids cos I have the same mind frame as them hahaha 
Why do I keep wakin up so early ?? WHY !? 
Miss it . lol . 
had a strange dream that I found like £200 . Then I got my hands on that dickhead I want to smash . Then I was indecently touched by a fat Jakeball wearin a purple shell suit . Wtf . 
Just watching Jeremy Kyle and wondering how the fuck I am still single when these monsters can pull O__o ?!?!?!!! 
Just said to my auntie that I have no photo I.D. To which I got the reply " go up to St lenoards police station and get your photo Id there , along with your fingerprints " . lol cheers 
Ohhh so hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii 
Think he kin talk to me like that ?? He'll get my ragin fists of fury rainin doon on him if I swear it . Could've rang the front door and got let in but naaaw . Where the fuckd he go for aw those hours , the city of DUUUUUUUH cos that what it seems like . Bam . 
Locked my brother outside for 7 hours last night in a pair of shorts . Couldny hear him shoutin cos I fell asleep with the tv on . Whoops . 
Housework to do . Oh no . 
I will never be able to apologise for locking my brother out all night . Everytime it's mentioned I burst out laughin lmao . Hahahaha . 
HAHAHAHAHAHA Tony just informed me he slept in the dug's kennel in his shorts usin the towel as a pillow HAHAHAHAHAHA 
Hmmmmmm bored 
Woooooweeeeeeeee . sare finger :( 
Where have all my bra's been disappearing to ?? Seriously , wtf ?! 
Norton Antivirus can lick my fuckin rim like . 
I'm itchy I wish you would come scratch meeeee <3 
I miss my baaaaabe man !! She needs to get out more ! 
Beddybyes . And up in the morning to save my bro's shoes from off the roof . 
Okay noww i understand he's on his way now , but jeez louise i mean today now i cant wait i wanna play now <3 
Why do people fucking insist on posting shit about The Scheme , when half of you could walk across the street and see it for yourself ?? Jesus christ you's go on aboot hating junkies well clearly no that much if you'll spend precious time watching them . 
I said " bed " , I meant more Facebook . 
" You make me feel like Romeo & Juliet " Soo ...... Dead ??? HAHAHA tony . 
Still tired . AHHHHHH !!! 
Hahaha . 
Hmm . Shame . 
Ooooh goin to see that place the morn x ) SO much bigger as well hehe fingers crossed we will be up and running soon ;) 
mmmm Sprite is the best juice ever 8 ) 
I'm getting bored o the hot tub . Might wait for my ma to come hame , and lie face down in it to see her reaction . 
Perfection is a concept that was derived from something you decided was ' good ' , and what your doing now is being compared to that decision . But really , perfection is nothing but an idea . 
Anybody got any idea who got stabbed in leith ?? 
i wish someone would let me twist their nipple just to see if the radio station changed . HAHA wut . 
I HATE GLEE . IT SHOULD BE BANNED . ANYBODY WHO SHOWS A SLIGHT INTEREST IN IT SHOULD TAKE A GOOD LOOK IN THE MIRROR !!!!! Unless your Gay , then it's fine . 
Lets get it oooon it wont be long till we are gooone 
I might go to bed . Hmm . Decisions , decisions . 
" if you want a joke Azaria just look at your sex life " ... Touché , son . Touché . 
http://www.thebricktestament.com/the_law/beastiality/lv18_23a.html 
LOL LEGO BIBLE 
actually gawny bed noo . nightnight . 
SINGLE OR NOT put this as your status & see what you get in your , it stays between us . inbox me the answer ? = I want a relationship$ = I'm falling for you :) = Hug me next time you see meO = I want to kiss you ...... :o = I hate youA = I like youB = I have a secret to tell youC = I like you but I'm shyD = You're cute . E = I regret leaving youF = Your a good friend 
Far too fucking early man . Far too early . 
RAGIN !!! Fuckin estate agent just didn't turn up !! What a knob . And he better no even pull this " OH it was in my diary for half 4 " cause that is just simply bullshit . 
Just realised how awkward the camera angles in Banjo & Kazooie are . >:( 
Sooo bored . Can actually feel my own hair growing . 
off to go shopping . i bid thee farewell , facebookers . 
I thought I would try writing with my left hand the other day 
Soon decided that a pen would work alot better . 
I was sat watching TV with my dog's head resting on my lap when I thought ... 
Why didn't I bury it with the rest of him ? 
mmmmm sweet thai chili pringles mmmmm <3 
mmmm chinese chicken pizza 
Chinese chicken pizza wrapper lied . It was shite . 
Why's it so hard to find lesbians in edinburgh ? And as strange as it may seem , most girls in gay bars are actually straight , they prefer goin there so they don't get sleazed over by men . So ... WHEREZ ZE LESBIANZ AT ?? 
O and i love how i can dance like Shakira . Haw . Well proud of myself . 
It would be hilarious if the world actually did end on Saturday . Not that I should be smiling , because God's already booked me a VIP ticket straight to hell . 
Chickity China the Chinese chicken . have a drumstick and yer brain stops tickin .. 
OOOOOOH yi canni push yer granny oaf a bus woo-hoo OH yi canni push yer granny oaf a bus YEEHA oh yi canni push yer granny , canni push yer granny , canni push yer granny oaf a bus !!!! 
lol my wee brothers burd has him whipped like . WHOOPAH 
The rapture is coming . This would be a good time to roll around in some nuclear waste and see if I develop super powers . 
Jesus Christ half 4 in the morning and for once I can't sleep . I'm actually goin into a state of mania here , can't stop laughing , yet no idea why .... 
So tired yet so awake . Keep yawning . Must sleep . Have sleeping pills but I cba hallucinating or having a rank taste in ma mouth ... 
Awww man like 4 hours sleep or summin :( 
Sooooo people judgement day is approaching . Preparing a few bags to take with me while I go looting . Either that or I could repent my sins . LOL JK . 
Shower and stuff then out . hm . Cant be assed today like :/ 
haha in ma granny's and she handed him a pack o dog treats like " here yi go son , just incase yi get hungry while your sleepin in the kennel " 
Anybody ken where tae get a bit of the el ganj ?? :( gaaaaggin mate 
teehee , am in a good mood , even if those negative bastards try and drag me down to their level of depression . bring it mate ;) 
Not many " scary " things scare me . I've watched hundreds of horrors and never really flinched , even the " really scary " ones . But nothing has terrified me more than the game Alone In The Dark . I need to wear a nappy . 
Ahhh so tired . Have a Jay then off to bed man . 
Angie Quinn you are a star <3 hahahahaha 
Got my smoke now I'm happy haaa lazy weekend hmmm ^_^ 
Waaasssdted haha I'm so happy .!! 
Just woke up and my heads banging . Feel like shite ahaa but all in good cause !! 
ahhh just completely wiped that hangover with one puff haaaa yaaaaas 
Been waiting on that fucking delivery guy all morning , i swear to god if theres an orange notice through the door saying he's been then i will cry . 
time for a jay and scran me thinks ;) hmmm then back to bed 
High maaaan ... 
I need to sleep more . Ate too much shite owwwww . 
Hmm hung 
After years of deep thought over this topic , I have finally came to a conclusion - Lemon Fanta is the only fizzy juice I can drink flat . 
lol some people . They just aren't worth my time like . Fuck off man hahahahaha 
And again , some people . Think they can pick you up and use you like a toy whenever they please ! Hilarious . 
Hmm Sunday's are SO fucking boring . 
Hmm get paid on Thursday . Might go out , hmm . Dunno . 
Omg I have an actual weirdo stalker wi a pure shan haircut sendin me friend requests constantly and messages on every website I use . Wtf . Looks like someones gettin blocked . BYE NOW . 
Aw man some people are so easy to wind up . I get a great amount of joy from it , along with a nice smug feeling . Haha . 
HMMMM my ma made this lemon sponge hing MMMMMMMMMMMM it's tidy 
Feel so fucking ill . Ouch . 
Need a smoke man . Someone go tae the shops and buy me fags plz 
Woke up at 6 this mornin , picked up my quilt , ran through the hall with it in my hand , dumped it on ma brothers bedroom floor , went to pee , then went back to bed and wondered where my covers went . Why ?? 
Think I'd be quicker standing outside with my arms spread and letting the wind carry me to edinburgh rather than getting the bus . 
Just back in wahaaa feel like shite 
I'm sure the weirdo sitting behind me on the bus leaned over and licked my earlobe , positive that's what he done like but didny wanty turn roond and punch um in case he didny O_O 
Just realised I'm gettin £200 the morn . YAY . 
GOODNIGHT . I will return in the morning armed with a functioning brain x ) Tata ... 
lololol love how some folk jump to conclusions . Maybe if they actually had a look they would realise that they're wrong . 
Omg some people btw !!!! Need a good brick in the face like >:( ken what a mean !! Fuckin radges everywhere these days man BOLT . 
" I must say that this is the first time in my long career that I’ve met someone as promising as you , who is at the same time surrounded by so much adversity . " LMAO fuck off hen . 
So tired . Didny sleep enough :( 
" don't worry Azaria , there's nae spiders in ma house " . Aye so that's why I seen a big beasty yin in the corner , before my life flashed before my eyes . 
Just back from the shops hmmm got my lemon Fanta now I'm well chuffed hehe 
Jesus I cannot finish ma chippy :( 
THATS FUCKIN TEAMWORK !!! 
Weed , anyone ?? 
On the bus .... So fucking bored ... 
Got ma jaaaay , noo am happy :) 
Hmmm stoned . Bed time . 
Back tae bed for a couple of hours I'm bubbled haaaaaa 
Out of bed hahaa still shattered tho 
fuckin hell maaan just got hame feel like shite ahaa x ) cant even mind friday just my eyes rollin in the back o my heid ahaa and spewin yuck 
hmmmmcim away for lots of scran and hot tub nightnight 
NIGHT !! 
Fuckin hell man not happy . No happy at all . Fb messages aren't coming through either ... 
Goddamn boredom !!!! Need a cuddo :( hahaha naaaaaw mate 
Time ta gouch hahaaaa mmmm bed 
Teeheehee got a place teehee just need a joiner hmmmm 
Well ikea was a fucking disappointment . 
Aw man some people like !!! 
mmmm ikea meatballs mmmmm 
Oiii just seen a page " any girl who knows what COD stands for is worth talking to " . Wait wtf ? I just assumed that every girl knew what it was cos they complain about men talkin about it all the time .. 
Off to bed I go .... Hmmm I say this now but I probably won't for aaaages 
just past midnight , GOODBYE 
Man I have some fucked up dreams . 
Aw mate ... Nothin . Hahaha my brother can't walk he can't understand why paraplegic's smile so much . 
Time to scrape the grinder and sit outside hmmm in my non-matchin bikini haha kooshty catch yiiiiii 
Naaaah too cold now n ma fingers smell like fanny wtf :( 
Anywaaaay I'm away to tidy and smoke and tunes anaw and scran and probably mare sleep and mare raj dreams tata 
Why dae i keep havin dreams aboot the world ending !? Every single night man WTF huv the feeling im gonna be like " oh who cares it's just a dream " until i watch in horror as the ground tears itself up infront o me and the fire burns all the oxygen in the sky . Great , just great . 
Hmmm I might get a new tattoo .... Dunno what though ... 
Lmao . Still cant believe she called me ugly , what a cheek hahahaha . 
Just went to see the place teehee . Got a whole day of actual physical work tomorrow wahaaa aw naw . 
Ha life is so boring sometimes . 
FRAPEED !!!!!! 
type your name : azaria 
with your elbow : aszxasrfkiaz 
with your nose : aqzaria 
with your eyes closed : azaroa\ 
Hahaha omg I fucking love Karl pilkington hahaha he's just hilarious HAHA omg what a mong !! 
Hmm time fir bed I think SHATTERED nightnight 
Sooo tired and lots of work to do :( humph 
Want to sleeeeeeeeeeeeep but can't ahh cba the day 
Time ta get ready and stuff ; hmm I'm in for a fun day :| 
Tedious work aye ??? My hands are red raw and blistered waaaaah :( 
owwwww im hungry . scran time hmmm tata 
Drinking . Ahh . 
Steamboats hahahahahha !! 
Sassan drunk y motherfucker suck ma nips envying ya cunt 
Sore heeeead , 
Need a punching bag . Human , preferably . 
A job that took me 3 hours to get a quarter of it done , took my mum half an hour to complete . FML . 
Hmmm home now bed I think ... In a bit , after food . 
Getting pissed and charging into people only to be tackled to the ground was a terrible idea . 
Roastin the day , sitting in the back frying myself ! 
Walking home in horrible weather wearing shorts :( WHY GOD WHHHHY 
What have I done ?? Apart from invest pretty much all of my inheritance into it , then not much . Maybe if someone actually bothered to phone and told me I had to be there , then I would've went . Duh . 
What a shite weekend . Seriously . Spent the whole of yesterday evening arguing over some lying scumbag who is adamant that his junkie-self had sex with me . No , just no mate . 
I am like SO close to the edge , resisting the urge to get a gun and walk around blasting people with it . 
Bedtime . Night . 
Im SICK of folk expecting shit from me . Always expect me to be " happy " and joking around and acting like i shit out fucking lollipops . Because Im supposed to take all this stress and not let it affect me ? " but wot hav yoo got 2 b stressd bwt ? " do you think I CHOOSE to feel this way ? Seriously ?? Do you think I spend every waking moment feeling guilty just because I can ? Fuck off man . 
OMGOMGOMGOMG NEW TOMB RAIDER OMG IM PHYSICALLY SHAKING WITH EXCITEMENT OMGOMGOMGOMG !!!! One problem ; Lara croft is a fucking dog , they've changed her completely !!! But still OMG NEW TOMB RAIDER SO HAPPY . 
Still can't believe they've completely changed Lara croft . Seriously , why ??? I am going to write a very angry email . Not even kidding by the way , the makers are getting it tight , her new appearance is fucking disgraceful . 
Its not so much the person who lies , it's the people who believe it !! 
To the old witch who complained about us banging a hammer ; if you want peace and quiet , portobello high street just isn't the place to live . She'll no ken what noise is once I impale the fuckin hammer in her head . 
Have to say ; new Tomb Raider graphics are fucking IMMENSE . altho you can hear Lara panic all the way through , wtf ?! It's LARA CROFT !!! Lara Croft doesn't panic !! And again ; not liking the image change , I no longer want to do rude things to her !! Get it sorted !!! 
http://angrybeegaming.files.wordpress.com/2010/12/jan2011_cover_b_front.jpg 
Nah , really not happy with this like !!! Seriously considering an angry email !! 
Sent my angry email , apparently I'm not the only one who doesn't like change !!! I will never warm to the new Lara !! EVER !! 
Really can't hack this sleep paralysis shit anymore . Never been so terrified in my life ; and it's every night man !! :( 
Spongebob Squarepants always cheers me up . 
Sittin in this shop on a concrete floor wishing it was my bed . Thinking up ways to annoy Count Dracula who lives up the stair , old hag . 
Somecunt fancy comin to porty and helpin me scrub dried in paint off concrete slabs plzzz 
I JUST GOT MENTIONED ON THE RADIO !!! forth 1 hahaha I'm cheesin !!!! And the best part , he pronounced my name properly !! HAHA YAS so easily amused !! 
Slammed a brush into my foot while sweeping , got dust in my eye , cupboard door took a spaz attack and fell on my foot , then walked straight into a set of solid wood ladders . 
Word of the day : " Ouch " 
The guy who delivered the till must think we bought it just so we could make swords out of receipt paper and batter each other with them . 
Better watch I don't blink too vigorously incase the noise disturbs the auld fart wi super-sonic hearin up the stair . 
This is seriously fucking boring . 
I know I'm not GORGEOUS or anything ; But some people in life are so ugly , all you can do is laugh . 
Oh how i would love for some man to come and sweep me off my feet . Unfortunately i dinni expect that to happen for years , but I live in hope . 
Need sleep . Hmm . 
2 strips of zopiclone left , don't want to waste them , yet don't want to hallucinate , or have a rancid taste in my mouth . Hmm . 
Some people are so pathetic it's just Bizarre , being around them feels like your in the fucking twilight zone . Losers , srsly . Should take all that energy they use for wrecking people's lives and put it to some good use - like suicide . 
Off to do my a wee bit voodoo . Tata 
ken what if yer gonnae dingy me why bother talkin tae me in the first place fuckin arsehole !!! seriously folk like you need a fuckin bullet in the heid !! 
Aw mate RAGIN !!! Actually gotty go radge !! 
my babys got summin wrong with his leg and i dunno what :( i let him out the kennel and he hopped into the house and now he's lying on his bed with a pathetic look on his face and he cant walk :( and i dunno what to do !!! needs to go to the vet O_O 
Back hame , was gonna go out tonight but supposed to be at the shop at 8am . Goddamn you !!! 
Really hungry , but what to eat ??? I have gotten bored of children's souls . 
Owwwwwwwweeee my fucking stomach , can't handle anymore of this sacrificed goat . 
Why can't I eat hot food , not spicy , I mean temperature ?? Ma belly can't hack cooked food it's horrible . 
Chris Scott It's hard to explain to someone when they have no clue , it's a daily struggle feeling sick on the inside while u look fine on the outside . Please put this as your status for at least 1 hour if you or someone you know has an invisible illness : Anxiety , Agraphobia , Bi-polar , Lupus , Fibromyalgia , Endometriosis , Crohns , UC , MS , Diabetes , Arthritis , Epilepsy , Depression , Aspergers , Autism or ADHD 
lol . Declining my calls because I was at the shop today and couldn't make it to hers . And she has the cheek to call me childish . I'm not even angry , because it's fucking hilarious . 
My dog must think I'm fucking mental . Guaranteed he wonders what the hell I'm saying to him . 
I'm not going to care for people who don't care for me . Quite frankly , they aren't worth my time . Good day , Sir . 
Got a call from the bizzies , apparently I'm due in court over some incident at the west end .. Wtf !? First I've heard of it !! 
And that's the second phonecall the day , now this yin over that fuckin murder . Didny even see the guy once in ma life , wtf ?! 
spent the day painting ; think i got more of it on myself than the counter . How i got it inside my ear is beyond my understanding ... 
just read in the paper that some daft MP is trying to ban Jackass ' Steve-O from coming to Edinburgh !! Fuck off mate !! 1 
4chan is fucking hilarious . 
hahaaaa think i should try get some sleep but doubt it hmmm feel like shite 
Got 27 unread messages . lol . Whoops . Sorry folks . Dunt mean it .... 
Just realised what I might have done on Morrison street . Random flashback . Oopsie daisy .... Nothin I should be in trouble for tho .. 
Police just left , and they were right - it did take literally five minutes ! I was expectin a full blown interrogation wahaaa looks like I've got some customers for the shop though , accordin to her " all bizzies like sweeties " . Good job there's a station across the road then eh ! 
Turns out scrubbing the floor wis a waste of time , now laying down laminate ! And painting the counter as well , standing sanding the fucking paint off !! Sake man ! 
Anyone ken where I kin get weed man ?? 
NEED A JAAAAAY 
Suck ma nips ya fuckin dafty . Jesus christ man away and shite . 
Hmmm might go out , might not . Depends . Can I be arsed ?? REALLY ? 
Ragin . 
Go fuck yourself . Goodbye . 
lololol night night . Well happy haaa 
Shouldn't have ate all that popcorn before bed like ... 
Hmmm what a shite day , pissin doon . Gonna do my ironing , then clean , then get my weed then go out ^_^ bring on tonight haaa 
Oh and the police message was wrong . By " incident " they meant " the murder at lauriston place " , and by " Morrison street " they meant the station that's on that street , and by " your due in court " they actually meant ... Dunno . But they got mixed up . PHEW . 
See folk that lie over TINY things , no need !!! Thats what irratates me the most , cos theres no point in lyin about it !!! Fair enough if it was something big or you were tryin to hide somethin , but it's like sayin you had a steak for dinner when you had cheesy pasta .... POINTLESS !!! 
lol . Wee wifey must be in her 60's just walked past the house tokin on a doob hahahahahahaha !!!! Thats just mentally hilarious . 
If you cant be good , be careful . Ahhhh oh yes , i am . Very lol x 
It's depressing when I see all these " nan " pages and I think to myself ; " Thats actually the kind of shit I have to say to my granny " LOL 
right facebookers , i'm away out to treck in the rain and indulge in some ganj . catch yi versace !!!! 
Just got hame - sore head !! Shouldn't have had that booze ! 
Angieeeeeeeee Quinn you wonderful woman I love you ! You came to me in my time of need ha x 
Just let rip at waldo . He got telt . Bang out of fuckin order like . He'll stop talking down to me like a piece of shit , trust me . Dick . 
Ragin . I genuinely don't think I've clamped anyone so well . Proud o myself . 
Haha night night all x 
Just back from court , and I have to say his lawyer was shite , to the point I started laughing . Hahaha I'm lying ? That's a bit rich coming from a defence lawyer ! 
lol today has been a barrel of fun ha . time to chill now , in bed already hehehehe but it's allowed cos I had a stressful day soooo shup x 
Hahahaha snooooooooze . 
Good sleep hmm j time 
Slept for like 13 hours . Think that's sorted my sleeping problem lol yas time to make myself look good cause I can ha . 
mmmm chips 
" why are your fingers all different lengths ?? But they're the same length when you bend them ?? Aw that's fuckin queer that is " . lol ok granny . 
Hm nightnight x 
hmmm to go out , or to not got out , that is the question ... 
See some folk man honestly !! Sittin blamin facebook for your relationship problems , well here's an idea , brightspark ... How about you log the fuck off !? And then sittin postin a runnin commentary about the argument they've just had with the bf/gf , asking for everyone's opinions on " who's right " . Aye well here's my opinion ... FUCK OFF . 
Ohwell better get myself ready and shit . Up early tomorrow dearie me cba ! 
Quite literally weighed my boob on the scales . Wasn't that accurate cos I kept moving , but roughly one of them weighs in at 2.4 pounds . Haha . 
I fucking hate walking home sober . 
Woke up with a banging headache . Wtf . Wasn't intoxicated last night , so how ....?! 
LOL Tony fell in the shop crowd of people outside standing laughin , and instead of standin up and walking away wi a red face , he crawled along the floor trying to hide from the laughing stock and hid in the back . HAHAHA strange boy . 
Nearly done FINALLY . hmmm hometime and back in tomorrow for the sign writer eyyyyyyyyyyy 
Just stood building the pic n mix stand . Imagine not sending any instructions , dafties !! Now time to sit and make flyers oh joy . 
When a computer syas " This may take a few moments " , it really means " Hope you've got some Red Bull , this is gonna take all fucking night , biatch " 
Bedtime . Sign writers coming tomorrow , still can't figure out if he's American or canadian though .... 
Went to the ice cream factory the day , I have never been so excited ever . The guy let us in the back and let us try lemon sorbet straight from the machine OMG MMMMM . so want to go back 
100% sure the sign writer isnt Canadian , his head doesn't split in half when he talks . 
Nearly done for the day wheeeey then off out to get shitfaced ha :) 
Back in from my weekend of fun , probably the last one for a while . Sweeties might be getting delivered tomorrow haha yas ! 
Just realized it's Fathers Day . RIP my Daddio , will never forget you . Ken I was quite possibly the worse daughter in the world for quite some time , and it's a damn shame I'm only making you proud since your gone . I love you xx and miss you so much x 
Still struggling to think where all my money went to this weekend . I need to work out some sort of budget , srsly . This is gettin beyond a joke now man . 
Might get a new tattoo soon as I have cash . Dunno where to go though , I have always been loyal to Utopia Ink , but it's a bit of a trek ! And I have no idea about good places in Edinburgh :( 
hmmm . i have a strange feeling that ive been completely wasting my time here .... 
O____O Men . lol . 
Right well just past 1am , so must be off to bed . Sweeties being delivered tomorrow hopefully , so will have lots of unpacking to do considering theres near enough 200 jars . Oh joy . 
Up and no money to go anywhere . Great . Just great . 
Ha don't need to go in the shop today anyway hawhaw !! I would say lazy day but shit still needs done ... Ahhhh 
Ironing done . Shower done . Hmmm what to do now . 
Ryan Dunn died omg :( 
Hmm . So tired and not a clue how ... 
Hate it when you take the dog out for a walk and he stands there plopping out a massive hummin shite , no matter how far away you stand the smell follows you around . Then people expect you to pick it up . Don't think so . 
Hmmm early night for me i think .. I say that , but guaranteed i'll still be sitting awake at 2am . 
Right starving now , so scran THEN bed . Nanite 
So tired . Waiting on sweeties , probably gonna be all day . Fucking hell man . There's no even anywhere to sit down in here yet . 
Ahhh words cannot describe the boredom right now . It's excruciating . And gregg's bacon rolls have far too much salt on them ! 
Curdled milk geez me the fuckin heave like . 
Love how I get bored so I start doing things that should take hours to complete , but I end up finishing them in 15 minutes . Sake ! 
On my " lunch break " after a hard painting session lol . 
Might be opening on Monday ha , just no ice cream for another week :| considering the weather , not having the ice cream machine isn't too bad . 
sweeties came , in two huge palettes that were actually taller than me . Then sat filling the jars up , 2 hours of work and not even halfway through it . AHH . Back's killing me :( 
Well , looks like I'm gonna have to go get my jawbone realigned . Dammit . Been putting it off for years almost but now I cant barely open my mouth without it cracking . SAKE . 
right BEDTIME . Goodnight . I will return in the morning with acid breath and hair like Don King . Don't even think I'm joking . 
Had some mental dreams , trying to save tiny people that got swept away in a tiny boat . Head is thumping :( 
Hmmm . Time for munch then have to go sort out sweeties . Gonna be allllllllll day haha . 
right well this is a joke now !!! need to get to the shop !!! 
Finally finished with the hundreds of jars and sweeties and all the things that come with it . Now just have to rearrange them -_- . Guess who's gonna be having the time of her life tomorrow .... Riveting stuff right there . 
Food then I can lie back and do nothing for the next few hours . Apart from consume more food . 
You ken that great feeling when you look on someones profile and think to yourself " I don't care about you anymore :) " hahaha , great !! 
Just cant be arsed the night like . So bored . 
HMMMM TIIIIIRED . up early again waah :( 
nightnight . sleep tight . dinni let the bed bugs bite . or me . i would ... probably . 
been gettin pretty pissed off with hearing about this sarah lyons pish . then i looked at her profile . must admit it is fucking hilarious . hahaha . this is what you call entertainment . 
Shops nearly finished eeee !!! Definately opening Monday ;) Oh & would just like to say to all those wee bams who looked down their nose at me like I'm a piece of shit ; Who's laughin now ? LOLZ , OWAIT , I AM ! 
To sum up my day in a status . Handing free lollies to kids who were pressing their faces up against the window , telling several folk who just walked in that we aren't open till Monday , waiting on the sign-writer who was LATE , complaining about a sore head , working out how to work scales . And still more to do haha aw nooo . 
Everybody in the house is in a mood with Alfie because he battered the baby gate down , threw it down the stairs and made a huge hole in the wall . That's after he chased the delivery man into his van . Nobody's talking to him now , but I gave him a secret scratch on the belly and kiss on the nose shhhh ;) 
see peepul dat tawk lyk dis seeruslay g0 ahnd g3t a phuckiin dickt1onery yhuu buhnch ov 1lliit3rate wankuurz . 
Thought I had lost £50 there , near enough gettin carted out of here in a bodybag . I need to start remembering where I've put stuff . Don't see the use in having a purse , it would only become home to many moth's bathing in cobwebs . 
Nearly done and I am nice and tanned as well hehe . Roll on Monday ha ! 
Crowd of kids standing outside the window chanting " WE WANT SWEETS ! WE WANT SWEETS ! " hahahaha , made my day ! 
Home . So tired . So very tired . Cba ! 
Right well done for the day AHHH finally . Eventually got a pricing gun wheey now it's time to sit and do absolutely nothing all night , apart from waste away on Facebook , obviously . 
Still need to get a phone , badly . I have no other form of communication other than Facebook or the occasional use of my brother's phone . Might make my own out of two plastic cups and a bit of string . 
Anybody got any idea how much a train is from prestonpans to edinburgh ??? 
fuck sake man trains !!! looks like im gettin the bus then !!! 
Fucking orange lodge and their damn marches !! My bus got diverted :( 
Again , fucking orange lodge !!! A ten 
Minute journey took half an hour , just trying to avoid them , it's like a game of pacman !! 
Such a sore head . Only way of fixing this pain is with a j ... 
Back's killing me as well . It seems today I have nothing better to do apart from complain ! But I am female and thus only happy when I'm moaning , so it's cool . 
Swear cba today . Sunday is resting day for everybody else but me 
lol , some people are pathetic . Hahahaha I would be so raging if it weren't so funny . 
Behold !!! I HAVE A NEW PHONE !!! 
Mmmmmm salted popcorn 
Nah shouldn't have ate all that popcorn . 
Right thats the 3rd time I've tried to message all the non-weirdo's with my number , ultimate failure . If you want my number , ask and you shall recieve . 
lol just took my boy out for a walk and he got his paw stuck in his collar wtf how'd he manage that lmao 
Mmmmmm music 
Hmmm just had my j chill time ha 
Mmmmmm cashew nuts 
Fuck sake man . 
Open now lol oh dear 
Why is it empty then like loads of folk bundle in at once ahh 
£100 in 2 hours I'm well happy haha . Just been threatened off an old man LOL 
Can't believe the amount of people coming in !! 
Never seen so many kids ever . They were literally backed up into the streets . Stress isn't even the word . 
HOME . HOME !!!! 
Ouch . 
What's on your mind ? 
Cannot get the tune from 2 girls 1 cup out of my head D: 
Night 
Ok day number 2 ... This should be fun . 
Ew someone just came in reeking of stale piss tuck 
And now I have had my Bacon roll , I am ready to face the children ... 
Ahhh my legs are sore . 
Who ate all the pies ? I did . 2 . Ha 
Bed mmm 
Mmm sleepytime , goodnight all . 
I was awake at 7 this morning ... Oh how times have changed 
Soooooooo slow in the morning nearly falling asleep 
Swear I'm gonna kill the guy sitting outside playing the tune from the Godfather on his accordian . Asshole . 
Half an hour till we shut the door , completely sold out of rainbow lollipops . Tis been a hard day , backs killing me !! 
Hmmmm WASTED 
Half an hour late today . lol WHOOPS 
GOSH 
Phones ran out of battery :( FUCK SAKE MAN 
Just been offered £20 to go down leith docks with the pricing gun and price all the prostitutes . Haha . 
I get to go home early today yay ! And lie in the hot tub cause I'm cool like that ;) 
Hmm hehehehe 
Dying my hair hmm exciting . 
Black hair again , yay 
Nanight 
Feel sick ;:( 
Finally got tablet , raspberry ruffle , soor plooms , berwick cockles , lucky tatties , toffee doddles . Now people can stop asking for them . 
Stop eating my tater tots GOSH 
And amidst the piles of children , a glass jar is dropped and the lid smashed all over the tablet that was just put out . Great 
Weed , anyone ? 
Half an hour till closing , can't wait . Then I remember I'm working all weekend , so no fun for me ... Unfortunately . 
Hmm sex .. 
lol , got my ex threatening to send naked pictures of me to my mum because I declined his invitation for sex . Haha , grow up mate . Loser . 
Whole day off tomorrow . Words ... cannot ... describe ... happiness 
Mum and wullies away out , tony's going out so looks like it just me and my smoke tonight . No complaints . 
My day off and I've been wide awake since half 8 . Not pleased . 
Just up , now lying in the sun Ahhh I am gonna burn 
Far too hot for my liking tbh . 
Too early ... Want a cuddle :| 
This guy just fell in the shop , his legs took a fit and it was like he was breakdancing . Actually HILARIOUS . 
Home , finally . And in bed of course 
For some strange reason , I am in an incredibly happy mood today . Can't stop smiling . Something is clearly wrong here ... 
Can safely say that happy mood quickly disappeared when the ice cream machine broke and the place was heaving , and I was on my own . 
Dear Bruno Mars , you overrated little prick , I have seen more talent in a used tampon being gnawed at by rats , please shut your cakehole before I do . Cheers . 
Bed for me , SHATTERED 
Well that's me all wrapped up and cosy now , night night ! 
Got a creepy ass kid staring at me on the bus . Bet you any money his names Damien . 
Love how we entertain ourselves at work , putting a sweetie into a huge bag of plastic spoons , shaking it then timing how long it takes for us to find it . 
My brother just let me slap him , for entertainment purposes of course . 
Well that's tony away . Another hour and a half in the shop on my own . Then I get to spend all day tomorrow in bed , might treat myself cause its payday ;) 
Just went into superdrug and spent more money than an epileptic at an auction . Quality . 
Anybody know where I can purchase a bit of the good ole ' ganja ?? 
Well productive day off . Had lots of fun this morning ;) got my tan , spent £50 on make up , painted my nails , wheey back to work the morn :) 
I have an 80gb iPod , yet insist on only having 126 songs on it . Wtf . 
I want to make a complaint to the News of the World , but I don't know how . 
So I'm just going to leave them a message on my voicemail . 
Back to work , oh joy . 
Haircut , massage , make up in a fancy salon for £30 ?? Well chuffed . BARGAIN . 
I have just seen Mr T getting some petrol . I pity the Fuel . 
Traumatic experience . Got swooped on by a huge moth , proper attacking me ! Jumped up and there was a huge spider on my seat . Nut , just nut . 
Just cannot be arsed with work today like 
Can't believe the bank didn't have any £5 notes , wtf ! IT'S A BANK !!! 
I went to buy a bag of peanuts the other day , and noticed on the back it said " WARNING : May contain nuts . " 
Thank fuck I read that , I'm allergic to nuts ! 
You know when people ask you a question and the answer is clearly " How about no " . 
lol , group o boys came upto the shop door one by one to stare at me and shout " she's well tidy " . lol instantly put me in a good mood . Hahaha . 
Soooo Soooo can't even describe but ahhhhh ¦) ha 
Just ate a whole Chinese , have a feeling I'll be seeing it again later , coincidentally while I have my head in the toilet , spewing violently . 
Hmmm don't start till 12 tomorrow yay 
I was awake at 4am , fml 
Just no point in work today , the weathers shit and porty is literally empty ! 
Hi 
So bored !! Shop is empty today and just want to sleep :( 
Another 3 hours left in this place fuck sake man ! 
Actually want to punch someone in the face . Don't get how I can't do it but that Dick can kwam !! 
Wow , what a great audience . 
Came into work to discover I left my baccy at home ! FUMING !! 
Word of advice to those who plan on using an icecream machine ; Don't leave the handle down , there will be a nice pile of Mr Whippy lying on the floor . 
 ? N'AWWW . Wee boy and his mum came in , she asked my name when I was talking and the wee boy said " that is the most lovelyest most beautiful name ever " Aww 
 ?  :) cute ! 
Offski !! 
LOLOL should see this guy on the bus , spitting image of Where's Waldo haahaha Omg trying not to laugh but its too funny !! 
Just realised how short I am when I went in Phil's shower and had to pull the shower head down right to the bottom :( lol nut !! 
Well , I've cleaned and hoovered and mopped and washed clothes and gutted my room so therefore I am DONE for today , time for a scran me thinks ... 
I often wonder why people have children if they aren't going to look after them properly . 
There should be a mass-sterilization of these people . 
Anybody play bakery story or restaurant story on Android ? 
Big shopping spree on next.com ;) got some tidy stuff 
Game ... So ... Addictive . 
Well the Next site fucked up , and out of £600 worth of goods for everyone in the house , only mines will be getting delivered . Hahahahaha !!! Yesssss ! 
Payday ;) time to treat myself !! 
Safe to say that was a successful shopping trip ;) 
That horrible moment when you're trying a corset on in the Ann summers changing room and you can't get it off ... 
Fuming bubbled man can't be so wastedbhksb its Luke a fuckin mind blog men why a mean 
Me : Summin have my let's keys man so r u in math x 
This is why I shouldn't have a phone when I'm wasted 
I'm not hungover at work , I'm still half pissed 
lol see some people ! Proper hypocrites . 
Having a binge tonight ;) smoke , victors and other things obvvv . I'm gonna be on Pluto 
Wasted 3 days in a row yeehaa !! 
Wasted but its my last day off as working all week so why no eh !! 
Wasted . Stripped off , ran to the bathroom to spew . Turn round and there's my mum covering her eyes asking if I'm okay . AWKWARD . 
You know when you find something out about someone , and you can't tell a soul , but you wish you never heard it ?? :( 
Really can't get it off my mind .. :-/ 
Ken what Facebook just fuck off right . 
WTF . Fb sent a txt sayin I had a request and to text " add " to confirm . So I did , get 1 back saying " add who ? " . So that status there was just telling it to bolt . 
Dunno wtf happened there but as soon as I sat on the bus I felt WASTED . Like couldn't keep my eyes open ! Wtf !! 
Well got the house to myself for a week , which also means I'm on my own in the shop for a week . :( 
Shattered !! Slept like a baby last night but still got my head up my arse ! 
Love how yer pal asks what you done with his charger , even though he knows you were completely off your face on victors . OHAYE COS I'M GONNA REMEMBER !! ha . 
Turns out I put his phone charger in the washing basket in the bathroom . Lol wtf !? The stuff you do when you're wasted ... 
Thought cause I have the house to myself I could walk round naked after my shower . Then noticed my neighbour was staring at me . You wish mate , you wish ... 
Early night for me . Nanight x 
Rammed my face into a jar of extra strong mints to try and wake myself up , for some strange reason . It didn't work ... 
Omg heard about that 6 year old that died at the caravan park just seen his pic , I served him on Monday :( helped him count his money . What a shame :( 
Baguette express , I wanted a baked potato wi cheese , not a charred tattie wi an entire block of mature cheddar covering it . Just sayin . 
Blood donor van outside . I would donate blood but the poor souls who would get it would probably spend the rest of their life wasted . 
I just sat in my hot tub , drinking champagne from a fancy glass and smoking a j . I iz a G . 
And would also like to add , I am pretty wasted . 
I made Phil pancakes last night , and guess what ?? He actually survived !! 
In an extremely happy mood today . Morning " fun " works wonders ;) haha 
I swear i was put on this earth to be a counsellor . It's really strange . It's like I have this uncontrollable urge to help people . Wtf where'd this come from ? 
I just ordered pizza , chicken strips , tattie wedges , juice and a tub of Ben and jerrys . Yum . 
Had a good nite . Sitting taking uppers lol buzzing . around canny stop 
Can't ... Sleep ... Hahaaaa well worth it tho 
Got 2 hours sleep . Still buzzing around ha . 
couple of tourists just asked to take a pic of the shop , then asked me to get in the photo and make it look like I was putting a jar away . lol . Wtf . 
Here is that guy who apparently dropped his bairn spam ? Cos er'bodies posting it . Calm doon eh . No that excitin . 
This woman in her 30s let out a huge fart while I was weighing her sweets . Physically started shaking tryin to contain my laughter . 
Amy winehouse dead . Two words for that - not surprised . 
Another night on uppers . Whoops . Hahaha quality . 
lol . Some people * facepalm * . 
Was woken up at 4am , knob sending texts to the house phone saying " fucking bitch . " Take a wild guess who it was .. 
My granny just said " Azaria , this is dolphin-friendly tuna :S ... Does that mean its made with dolphins ?? " Hahaha Nah granny its no ! 
David Guetta dead , apparently ? If this is a hoax then I'm gonna be pretty angry . I'll have to re-cork the champagne . 
Just been chased out the toilet at work half way through a pee by a fucking colossal spider . Omg no :( 
Damn comedowns . Damn 3 day binges . Damn everything !!! 
I bought a new necklace earlier that made my skin go a funny blue colour so I suspected it was a rip off . 
Turns out it was a 24ct gold bracelet . 
My left eye has been twitching for days now .. why ?? 
Got para last night thinking somebody was in my back garden , ran out wi 2 huge kitchen knives to discover the noise was coming from the gazeebo -_- 
Goooooood day off . Back tomorrow . Oh well . Goodnight all . 
Amish paradise . 
Well can't be arsed . Need a jay . And a wee pipe . 
I would just like to say I love you all ! You are all amazing , every single person I know ! 
Hmm dunno if I can finish this j . Gonna spew i think .. 
Got up at 7 thinkin I start early today , turns out I start later -_- 
Hate it when you know summin about someone , and you just don't want to believe it , but you know its true . 
Guess who's been asked to make a small appearance in Nuts magazine ;) 
Sleep time for me . Bit high ha . ¦) 
Lothian buses ! Shower of arseholes , the lot of them !! 
I just want 1 night without any hassle ! Just 1 night !! 
Slightly wasted . Spewed as soon as I came home . Bed for me .. nightnight !! 
Time to get ready for work . Oh the joys of Monday morning ! Got a wee night oot planned for Tuesday so no too bad ! 
Am I the only person who thinks Taio Cruz without sunglasses looks like a straight-up down syndrome ?? 
" Down's Syndrome Scotland Our phone line is unfortunately down today . " 
Oh the irony . 
Anybody know where to get a bit smoke ?? GAGGIN . 
On the bus . But really . on plabetv Pluto lol tunes mm 
If anybody comes in and buys an ice cream today , I will have to slap them . 
This ice cream machine is SO fucking annoying !! 
Fat burd on her phone claiming she's no daft & has a brain . Obv no 1 big enough to ken when to stop buying sweeties . Proper fattyboombatty . 
Happy birthday Dad . I love you , and miss you so much . RIP xxx 
Had a good night considering I was first to go to sleep ahaha 
Wasted !! 
MATE . Hangover isny even the word . 
Sore head . Waiting for lunch . HELLO GREGGS !! 
I miss it , I really do . 
Some people . What the actual FUCK . Need a good kicking . 
Bedtime . NIGHT . 
Greggs for breakfast yes !! 
Finally got a chance to add a few tunes onto my 80gb iPod , as it only has 126 atm . Turn on the computer and BAM . Roll a doob instead . Music can wait . 
Aw man . 
Managed to get a Sega Gamegear emulator on my phone . Playin Sonic all night , should see the smile on ma face lmao I'm cheesin 
Woman just came in with a wee lassie , and her name was Azaria . Omg . Day made ! 
Just put hair dye on have to wait 25 minutes then discovered an unusually large moth , which then proceeded on to chasing me out the bathroom , and is now holding my shower hostage until I find a way to kill it without actually going in there . 
Okay , spring just went in my bed . Still convinced there is something large and terrifying underneath . 
Bus full of people watching me dance to Deadmau5 in the shop . Couldn't care less . 
Romanians : the biggest scroungers on this planet . 
Goodbye . 
I need someone so badly right now :( 
Really don't want to get up ... 
Anybody fancy getting fucked on the weekend ?? Don't care who , I wanna get hammered . Get away from it all ahh <3 
Hate tying my hair up then havin to put my hood up , look like Im on my way to a KKK meeting . 
Just witnessed my 73yo granny pick a boy up by the collar and quite literally THROW him out the shop . 
Just heard on the radio , Liberton's head teachers name is Ronald McDonald's . HAHAHA Unlucky mate !!! 
Havin Chinese for tea . Mmmmm . Lemon chicken and fried rice mmmmm . 
Just spewed on the bus . Yuck 
Feet up , time to relax . I should probably be doing some work ... 
Nice wee night planned chillin with philly and his mad catzzz that jump on my head when I'm sleeping x ) 
That was a hell of a weekend x ) 
Just been raged at by a pensioner in the bank for asking her if she was in the queue . She then went into a rant about " young people these days " . Wtf !? 
Home . Food . Shower . Bed . 
Some folk need a beating . 
Testicles . That is all . 
A future without children ... Our future generations will thank us .. 
Clearly wasting my time . Fuck men . 
Wish I had someone to cuddle in the morning . 
That awkward moment when your stepdad offers to take you uptown on Saturday to find a new man !!! 
Oooh the jambo's are gettin bent over and shagged tonight ! Hahahaha !! 
I go into Boots to buy mascara , and come out with £38 worth of make-up . Whoops !! 
havin some gid fun with my big cuz Leeanne Aimers . tunes up , tiidy !! :) 
Totally regretting getting mangled last night ... 
Had a gid weekend oot on the rampage , shaking ma wee behind & flirting my ass off !! Roll on next week !! 
Wish some folk would understand I need time to myself !! It's pathetic !!! 
If a guy ain't willing to treat me like a princess , he ain't worth my fucking time ! I am worth a hell of a lot more than that !! 
Well after letting oot some rage , time for food , Family Guy and bed :) 
Mmmmmm bed . 
Think I'm gonna whitey .. 
I need a massage . 
Actually got an admirer , and he's like 80 years old ! Keeps smiling at me and staring across the road , go away !!!! 
Imagine stealin off your own family , fucking pathetic !!! 
Watching a lass give birth on tv . Definately not doing that till the VERY last minute . No way . No fucking way . 
Who the hell just phoned me twice and said nothing ? 0131 number so its Edinburgh . Just gonna block it , idiot . 
Gettin food with my ugg boots on , in preparation for any giant spiders I've seen roaming around recently . lol jk , I'll still kill myself . 
Last week I spent nearly » 40 on make up I don't need , this week - » 20 . Tune in for next week ... 
That smug feeling when people are jealous . Just cause you'll be getting yer tits oot and working in subway for the rest of your life . lol . 
On the bus home , another successful night wi ma wee chick ehhh !! :)) 
Fancy shuttin the fuck up about the rain . You're all acting like it never happens in Scotland . Wee bit o thunder never hurt anybody , so shup :) 
I love the power trip I get when I ban someone . Hehe . 
Well Facebook , aren't you being an absolute dickhead tonight :) . 
Finally home ! Good day the shop was heaving :) off tomorrow YOSSSSSSS 
 ? %Well just to let you all know , my wee brother , after stealing 30 fae work , has now stole my the last of my wages . Just to let you all know how " honest " h 
 ? %e is . Theivin off family , dirty bastard :) . 
Random porn website I've never visited saved to favourites on my phone . Wtf . 
Home . Bed . Work tomorrow . Great -_- 
Would someone inform my dickhead of a brother that if he's no in the shop in the next half hour , he won't have a fucking job . He won't reply to me . Cheers . 
Chased a pigeon out the shop today , tried to guide it out with my foot , then when it started flying , I tried to punch it out the air . Not good in a shop full of glass jars . 
Halfway through squeezing strawberry sauce onto an ice cream cone in a strange wanking motion , the guy says " bet you've done that before " ... There is no comeback to that . 
So ill . 
Big gap in it next to the blackboard ;) ! Easy stuff ! 
* cough cough * was about to upload a picture of it fixed . * cough cough * why the hell are people pointing out faults in this picture lmao :( 
Been ill all day , didn't get up till 9pm . It's now midnight , so back to bed . Up at 7 for work 8-/ 
Fucking hell bedcovers . WHAT THE BELLS GOING ON HERE !? 
Ok well more money magically gone from the till today . Hmm , wonder who it was ... 
Mmmm deep fried burger and chips mm 
Holy shit . Fucking tarantula sitting outside the patio door . Get the nukes ready . Seriously 
Please . 
I should probably stop smoking . 
But I won't . 
Getting my hair cut today . After 4 years of growing it I am taking the plunge and going back to short ! Long hair too much hassle .. 
Time for food nomnomnom . 
Just been to see Planet Of The Apes . Don't waste your fucking money . Don't even waste your time illegally downloading it . 
Oh my god . Just when I thought my day couldn't GET ANY FUCKING WORSE !!!!!!!!! 
Went to pour a guy a cone . The machine had a fit , exploded over me , & I emerge looking like a pornstar after a cumshot . Great . Just great . 
Hame . Bed . Mmmm . 
Facebook app for Android . 
Well ain't that some bullshit . 
Aw man I hate folk who think your stupid ! 
Watching that thing about Fred and Rose West . Dirty bastards !! Its just sick !! 
Ragin . Came home yesterday & Mr Snuggles was lying in the garden >:( 
I don't give a fuuuuck ! :)) 
Peacocks openin in Mussy on Thursday . Same day I get paid . What a beautiful coincidence =) . 
I'm actually going to explode !! Everything's always my fault eh , never anyone else . Oh of course not ! Silly me !! 
Right that's it . Can't be bothered with this shit anymore . I try and fucking try , but apparently there's no point . Can't take it . Sorry . 
MIGHT have a job @ the shop . 3 days a week . Email cv azariarobertsonfaver@Hotmail.co.uk or pm me . 
Had a gid nightnight with Debbie , Ronnie , Pedro , Mikey & the rest . Those cunts are like my second family :) always love them !! 
Fuckin spot on my eyebrow OUCH feel like turning a double barrel shotgun on it and blasting it off !!!! 
Mmm I have the bestest wee pal ever she's making me beef and tatties and veg NOMNOMNOM ! !!! 
No tryin to be ignorant , but I'm no replyin to anybody today . I feel like shit so just leave me alone . Cheers 
Still feel sick :( 
Omg see some folk !! So full of shit its incredible !!!!! 
Guess who's opening a new shop by November ;) 
Canny sleep so just being a nosey wee bitch as usual . I ken what your all upto noo ... And I'm telling yer ma's!!! 
We now have gift vouchers in ! Yes , gift vouchers for a sweetie shop !!! And on that note , we already have a wedding booked :) ha ! 
My excitement over Peacocks opening soon disappeared when I had to hand £60 of my wages to the cashier . I only wanted shoes D= 
Just ran down the street chasing my dog , because he has selective hearing and chose not to hear " Alfie , stop . Alfie , stop ! ALFIE HEEL !! ALFIE ! BAD BOY ! STOP ! " 
My poor mum had to take the bus today cause she sold the Mercedes . She's actually distraught after the experience . Described it as " travellin wi the tramps " . Cheers ma ! 
Time for a jaay me thinks . 
LPLMS24F liveprofile add mee <3 
I got paid on thursday , and now have £3.70 left to my name . 
Just spent my last pound on my first scratchcard & won a Tenner !!! Can't stop smiling !! 
Gonna spend my £10 winnings on going out again tonight :) haaaaaa I'm so happy never won anything before x ) 
Honestly I'm sick o my brother thinkin he can help himself to my stuff ! Next time it happens he's getting a doin !!! 
Good day off , back tae reality the morn :( 
When I get home I'm making a new fb . I'll add you if I know you , or add me . Whatever . 
Just had a crazy American lady try & convince me to " get in touch with my destiny " or some spiritual shit like that . Fuck off . 
Quote of the day : " A clean bin is a clean mind " . 
Next shop opening November . In Edinburgh's Grassmarket :) eeeeeeee !!! 
Serious writer's block . 
Uninstalled liveprofile . Such a pain in the hole . 
And now I've finished work , hink its time to roll a big doobus de jenkus . Mmmm . 
Goodnight . 
Mmm Mac and cheese . Plus a really sore arm :( 
Had that tune fae the Toyota advert in ma head all day . Stupid wee song . 
Haha , like I actually give a shit . 
I want a maaaan !!!! 
I am really , really kind of wasted And I'm also about to dye my hair . Let's just see how this works out . 
Just canny be arsed the day like . Ma brain feels like its swollen , its raj :( . 
So tired 
See some people !! Fuckin unbelievable !!! 
New live profile pin - LPQ9EP7O . Add mee . 
Fuck sake man 
Got my finger stuck in the fucking radiator , don't even know how . 
Hate these burds who pay a photographer or suck him off for a few pictures and then claim they model for a living . Fuck off , just fuck off man . 
Omg Facebook , GONNAE NO DAE THAT . 
ahhhh im sosoo hiiigh my eyes keep closing gradually by themselves and im completely obvlivious to it hmmm i think i should raid the fridge 
ken this sounds pure straaaange right but i dunno if im hungry or no . im fuckin starvin but as soon as i go ta the fridge i just donot feel hungry at all and im wastin a lot of effort that could be goin into my pornography search >:( 
take a run and fuckin jump mate if yer no likin it 
thought you's got rid o me eh ? 
just say what am hinkin .... 
runnin ooty stuff tae say now 
i fancy abitof youkenwhat but unfortunately , but it seems i have accidently been spraying myself with sex repellent for the past year or so , and it seems to be working 
my heeeead . 
got her hair cut its tiiidy (: welllll chuffed 
managed ta lock mysel in the dog kennel whilst outside smokin a doob tryin ta shelter from the rain . shouted on my mum , June Robertson , for 10 minutes but she kept looking oot the window and couldnt firgure out where i was so ignored my pleas for help . was too wasted and coulny for the life o me out to open it . 
first thing in the mornin there wis a tap on my door . funny sense of humor my plumber has . 
Just found oot mr Chisholm died Wahaaa I'm pure stunned !!! 
Woooow 
my ma's makin apple pie mmm <3 anycunt want a bit il post it tae ye's! 
anycunt tries tae crash the party tnite kin bolt or i'l make yi bite the kerb HAHA 
actually canny really mind much aboot last night ... :/ hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiigh 
fuckin hell haha just missed gettin crushed by an avalanche o snow fallin off the roof by seconds rofl just came in from my joint and heard this almighty noise : L shat my arse man 
is away out ta destroy my liver in some pub in edinburgh and get superdooperstoned the night even though i still feel like SHITE x ) hmmmmYES <3 <3 <3 
fuckin hell why dae SO many folk care aboot the xfactor !? And then post what happens in their status , oh aye mate like i didny catch it on national fucking tv or in the newspaper ! Fuck off , bunch o fannies anyway like this Cher bitch wtf some daft fucking wigger wi pencilled in eyebrows ! heard her singin i thought it must o been a full moon that night cos that bitch HOWLED mate ! AHHHHHHH I FUCKIN HATE THIS SHITE ! 
is it sad that i canni wait tae put on my new foam stuffed push up bra cos it'l make my boobies look bigger ahaa (: 
just had a tiiiidy scran nomnomnom . Now time for a smoke and some watermelon (: haahaaaa life is gooood <3 
ill start diggin this 6ft deep hole for him once ive finished annoyin you lot 
hiiiiiiii . i am typin wi ma eyes shut ahh 
just woke up , hello shower ! HMMM wonder what underwear i'l pick the day 
anybody got any idea if theres been a serious fire or car accident in east lothian ? its not in gullane or the pans man and me and Carolyn Saunders are wonderin what the FUCK has happened , haha help ! somecunt must know SUMMIN !!! 
on way back from glenrothes what a day !! Find oot if i got eh job when i get back ooo 
so tired but i need to phone my sexxxxxxy babe ta make sure i can get wasted at her's tomorrow <3 and feel her boobs she has AMAAAAZING boobs !!! 
loves ebay again <3 
seriously lisa , go find that fuckin cub scout who telt yi smokin walnuts would get yi high and give um a fucking good , hard backhander from me ! Moron ! 
why do people try and kick you when your down already ? fuck off mate , really just canni be dain wi this shit ! 
just realised that instead o standin on the rug pickin up every single bit of the broken glass that used to be a vase , then walkin all over the tiny bits i missed and draggin blood across the beige carpet ; could've just picked the rug up and tipped it into the bin . GOOD IDEA , 15 hours later ... 
i got really nice uncerwear but i need ta ram my hand between my legs every 2 minutes and sort it x ( . ahhh i feel like a magician pullin aw those scarves oot my sleeve . ' cept im pullin french knickers oot my foof . AHHH : @ 
FUCKSAKEMAN ! KENT THAT WID HAPPEN FUCKIN KENT IT AHHHH ! 
frostwire it is then x ) 
' s mum just cant fuckin help hersel !! can never be happy wi the hoose she's got always has to go around knockin doon fuckin walls doon and addin bits on ! MUM ITS FINE . 
right so glasgow on monday instead then !! <3 
haha sooo bubbled 
fuuuck stayin at lisa's go up and all u hear is sirens every 10 minutes . haha nae joy hen . 
joint&tunes . bed . GOODNITE . hopefully i wilny wake up durin the night , get up too fast , pass out and burst my lip like that fuckin MORON Andrew Saunders 
' Why do old people have such big ears ? They shrink , their fuckin ear's grow ! And they hear LESS!' ahahahahaha im in tears omg cant breathe ahahaha ! 
how the FUCK dae yi take oot a whole double-glazed window and bail across the back green wi a boiler n copper pipes in a quiet cul-de-sac withoot ANYONE hearin it ?! wtf ! 
waking upto a joint hmmm 
" yi hink karma's a bitch , take it yi'v no met azaria yet then .. " LMAO 
bath . bed . GOODNIGHT . tomorrow i will return with new hair =D 
RIGHT change plans again ! Gettin hair done on Tuesday hmmm cannot wait . shoppin tomorrow ahhhh <3 
gawn on a massive deletin-facebook-friends spree again . dont care if your not there , fuck yi's . 
hahaha i swear posting a picture o my underwear daily is my new hing rofl x ) 
Finds satisfaction in sexual activity , but is emotionally detached which prevents her from becoming too involved .. arrogance causes her to take offense quickly . Only those closest to her know deep down she is sensitive and sentimental .. Seeking an escape from the things that are bringing her down , but is clinging to false hopes and pipe dreams . " lol . fucking shrinks : L 
so tired . and hungry . g'night . 
Its a fuckin guy :O !!! 
" However , 81 per cent agreed it was important for recovering addicts to be ‘part of the normal community’ " . even tho 41% dont wanna live next door to an ex-addict and 41% dont wanna work with one . lol . fucking idiots . how are they sposed to blend in with the community if you treat them like animals ??? 
WHY CAN I SMELL DOG FOOD AND THERE IS NO DOG FOOD !? 
went ta the new tesco in musselburgh the day . and i quite literally got lost in the CAR PARK !!! was pure baffled could not find my way oot at all . walkin aroond in circles proper STUNNED like wtf :'( where am i !? 
steamgn ma drhemds ya fuajjer 
and again , can't remember much bwt last nite apart fae spittin half a hotdog intae a argos bag cos I wis gonna spew and gawn raj cos I stomped on my shotty ahaa 
' s stomach's makin the rumblies that only a bacon piece could satisfy 
My stomach made a noise and it sounded like predator 
Andrew Saunders sent me a message tellin me ta suck on his wrinkly plums . images in my head are so fuckin disgustin right now 
ahaa my ma just clamped wullie when he said " d'yi ken how much it costs ta run aw these fuckin lights ? " aye , 11p a kilowatt ahaha he wis speechless 
HEEEARTSHEAAARTSGLORIOUSHEARTS <3 <3 haha well played , jambo's , well played :) 
appleeeeee nomnom tidy <3 haha and its like pure scraped my gums whilst eating it OUCH 
Workin 12 hours a day everyday is heaaaavy speakin ta someone who's 6'8 '' the whole time is takin it's toll on ma neck ahaaaa 
here anybody has the cunt " LIAM GOODALL " on their friend's list , send um this message fae me cos i dont have the dirty bastard !!! Callin me a dog is 1 hing mate , but sayin I need to get tested ? LOOOL says the cunt who looks like a pure aids-victim ! nah mate ken what IM NAE SLAG dinny just shag folk willy nilly . fucking STALKER WHO STALKED ME FIR A WEEK COMPULSIVE LIAR ! 
ahhh good morning ..! 
fuckin hell why does tony have to come in just while im rollin a joint so noo i feel compelled tae share it wi him :( 
seriously FUCK THE JOBCENTRE LIKE . that daft specky cunt'll no need his glasses when i rip his fuckin eyes oot . ahhhhhhhh !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
GOODNITE . 
ran outta hot water halfway through my shower . hud tae do a pure matrix backwards-bend movement to wash the conditioner out my hair cos it was FREZING . waaah , 
this nacho kit was supposed to be like for 5 people and iv just demolished the lot haahaaaa and i wonder why i canny bend my legs in my jeans ahahhaha 
SPIDER . SEND HELP , PLEASE . 
Do not care . Really just dont like o_o why the fuck should i , not my problem . 
soooo stoned . im lucky but cos my auntie threw my weed in the bin by mistake an i had to go fishing it out . ew . then she put my brothers mobile in the washing machine for an hour and a half . she was on a mission today like . 
flomr fls so bomfy .?! 
I know ya luke ta thank yur shit dont stink but roses really s mell likee 
actually got paid ! hahaaa aboot fuckin time anaw ! hmmmmm <3 
im off to bed to go and masterbate . goodwank <3 
bus ta lisa's takes so fuckin looong ! :( 
just had ta run for the bus in the fuckin snow x ( all in the name o cannabis . Desperate times mate , desperate times . 
so .... fucking .... tired 
why do all the fat disgusting ugly people get sex more sex than me :( 
' s Mum , June Robertson , read a horrific and graphic-detailed text sent fir me on her phone about what that certainSOMEONE wid dae to me sexually . Shes now scarred fir life . And shes jokin wi wullie that she wants a good " poundin " . HAHA : $ 
nearly tumbled down a steep nettle-infested fuckin hill when her dog took her for a walk . arsehole 
swear i've twisted my ankle by doing .... NOTHIN !!! walkin aroond wi a limp like a diseased old frumpy zombie , and the pain hus me howlin like one tae . 
I am sooo tired ah x ( got 2 joints left but il save them .. 
EXHAUSTED . WHEN WILL IT END UHHHHHH . I'v been rollin this over a period o an hour fuckinhellman just FUCKING WORK DAMMIT ! 
I dunno why I do it . Guess I just think they'd be better off without the long trail of destruction I leave behind me wherever I go . The thing is I try so hard and this feelin wont go away . Im so , so sorry . 
anybody else ken that south african lassies when they start their period huv tae sit in a bath for half an hour everynight o their period and yank their flaps so they've got big flappy fannys EHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH x ' ( 
just dropped it like its hot ahaaaa TUBULAR 
omgggg fuckin shite maself there cos o tonys wee pals > : @ bangin their fists on the front door like a bizzie ahhhh . thats enough SHIT for one day . 
Lure ha mqtebfuxkj . Vorlliant 
no jokin either 
got the bodybags lined up 
so fuckin try it 
ken this sounds stupid but im dain my ipod and iv forgot all the music i like HAHA goan remind me what music i like PLEASE ! 
hmmm thinkin boot it >:) deffo mate deffo ;) 
just tried ta type ' haha ' on this iPhone and it came up ' ghana ' instead hahahahaha well done Tony for stubbin a j oot on a plastic box 
swear a just looked ootside and seen a Wu Tang Clan tribute group bouncin doon the road 
oooooh interview tomorrow . i should probably sleep soon .. 
seriously WTF ! Phonin dean terrace and its sittin ringin for 2mins , hang up , phone back straight away and ITS FUCKIN ENGAGED !! Twice now ! I need this implant sorted ! 
I saw CountDown yesterday , he's Dracula's spastic brother . ahahahahaha 
e that fuckin jobcentre : @ cunt wait till i go doon the morn ill finally give that fuckin fat fuck o a security guard a reason tae throw me oot . BAMS 
cannot sleep o_o kin only flick ma bean for so long , accordin to SOMEONE : L 
FUCKSAKE KIN I NO MASTERBATE IN PEACE EHHHH 
I get tae open my presents the night ahhhhh how gay am i 
we have the internet back , finally and i think im gettin tonisilitis no danger :( 
" fucksake iv forgot how tae put a kilt on " .... just pull it up like a skirt tony !... " aye ma usual thursday night then " 
Ommmg cani wait to eat and go to bed ! 
" btw i am an exerbitionist and b4 i have any shallow men who are obsessed with looks i do nt shave down there so deal with it .... " EUGH thats fuckin sick shave yer flange ya smelly cow O_O 
woow booze mmm 
back through ta glenrothes the day ahhh ! 
just got in ! got £50 worth o clothes vouchers the day for £20 , needless ta say they're all GONE and in a till now . Got tiiiiidy new shoes and my GioGoi jeans that arrived yesterday are a heavy struggle to get inta , keep forgettin im no size 8 anymore lol .... 
i lost a stone in weight eeee ! I am so incredibly happy rite now :D 
what the FUCK wid posses someone ta buy a vibrator that looks like corn on the cob ?!???? 
I took some more coedine for this back ache , thinkin it wid help me sleep . Well apparently 150mg gives you an eckie effect . So tired yet so fucking ZONKED !!! 
mmmmmmm thats the 3rd chippy i'v had this week <3 it'll never get boring . 
make sure i'm on time and STILL have to run for the bus ! 
out tomorrow out tomorrow out tomorrow x ) lovelyyyyyyy ! HELLO CANNABIS . 
oooh that job want me ta go in on thursday . Oooh 
im actually kindae missing my dark hair now .. i wid dye it back but i ken a week later i'd be like ' aw man i wish i was blonde ' 
actually changin plans again . doob , heavy scran , shower , fake tan , some funny shit , bed . oh aye . im good mate , im good >:) 
facebook messenger ... get a grip buddy eh !!! 
i have tae admit ta my mama June Robertson , i left the GHD's at hollies :'( . im sorry . PLEASE MUM NOT THE WHIP , ANYTHING BUT THE WHIP >_< 
oooooo start the new job the morn hahaa 
Next application form is actually so long . Just looked out the window and seen my life fly by . 
try and make a new record 
ahhhhhhhhh 
hahahaha i forgot how funny spongebob is rofl im such a bairn 8 ) 
now am hinkin o a carton o milk tippin over 
just got inta lisa's fuckin EXHAUSTED no stopped aw day man ! 
g'night . hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm (: 
is dain it again fuckers 
awwww see you's men and yer mixed signals and shit can fuck right off !! you either want the goods or you dinny mate , it really is THAT simple !!! 
" Azaria . Me . You . Loads of sexy fun time . Now " .... hahahaha i wish pal I really do :') 
Can't actually wait 2 get money haaa . 
is so jealous of Antony Robertson Faver after lookin at his pictures fae New York :( waaah i wanty go . 
dunno WTF am smokin nearly whited on the bus ahaa thought a wis dyin mate . 
i am sooooooo stoned right now 
time for a doooooooooooooob motherfucker and some fake tan hmmm 
i hate touchscreen phones ahhh ! i cant text wi my feet O__O SERIOUSLY theres nothin stoppin me fae usin this chair as a fuckin launchpad , steamin intae space and buryin this bopter in the suns core maaaan ! 
PIZZZZZA HUT :) hahaha 
mmm hehehehehe 
Harold & Kumar hahahaha 
hmmmmm munchies and a joint and bed <3 <3 
VVVV thats whats in ma heid 
just found a battery and licked it to see what wid actually happen . no that excitin . 
thats what a git fir huvin a short attention span 
Wow . Thats taught me never to actively pursue anyone i fancy . Yup . I have infact got time for weed , seroquel and back-to-back episodes of Monk . Leavin glasgow the morn , byebye 
fray bento's ur a legednd ! Wen thd pimps ix the crib ma drop it kgke itr hot dqmp it like hts hot drmp ht kgke gts hot ohh yea scsan tym the dogs bed feels fkn tidy ma man cunt aadomfier thn myn ! 
apparently tae start a lesbian fling i need eh delete my facebook LOLOL ! Bolt ya freak if i wanted yer hole that badly i'd just pop intae the fishmongers in porty hen !! weirdo ! 
EBAY ..... SO ..... ADDICTIVE .... 
bit o family guy before bed <3 
oooooo i love my new boots i wish i had an excuse ta wear them .. " just put them on and go hing aroond wi the rest o the prostitutes at leith docks " CHEERS TONY MATE <3 
dinny hink iv bin this high in donks ahhhh how good izzz masturbation haha I feel like a born again virgin aha 
the doctor gave me pills to ' calm me down ' . cunt , tryin to get inta the actual tub's got me more stressed than i'v ever been in my fucking life . 
i knew tellin my feelings was a bad idea ! should've learned that fae the past but whoops i never learn ! 
tony i'm really hopin ya read this before you get home , cos i dont want you dead . i advise you sneak in while i'm occupied otherwise im gonna take yer jaw clean off yer face . 
I should also really start replying to people on this . I have 21 unread messages . Cba just now , because I have a blue flag hangin on ma ' backside but only on the left side yeaaaaaah thats the crip side . 
how has a random freckle just appeared on my boob ?? wtf , where did that come fae . 
fuckin jobcentre pays ma money inta a certain DICKS bank account even tho iv already fuckin changed the bank account on it !! RAAAAHHHHH never gonna get that back . oooh just wait , karma's a BITCH mate 
got the job hahaaaa I'm buzzin !! woooooo 
is back motherfuckers !! Haha loveit . Need a doob tho .. 
Went into a bookstore to find a Where's Wally ? Book but couldnt find it . Nicely done , Wally . Nicely done . hahahahahahahaha 
never got id'd at the shop at the top o the pans today ! makin progress people X ) 
had a seriously fucked up dream that i prostituted mysel ta get my dad's name tattooed on my wrists . and the guys wife was goin raj about it and then we were in holyrood park and i stole mums car and was carryin it aroond over my shoulder cos i crashed it . WAAAAH wtf 
i cba sleepin 
oooh . TECHNICALLY im self-employed so can take as much time off as i want . But i wilny . Why dont i ? 
mmmm bacon n egg mm nomnomnomnomnom 
is actually mortified her wee brother has shares in british gas and is sittin checkin the stock market wahaaaaaahahaha quality 
BBC NEWS : Parachute team die in plane crash . 
Couldn't they have just jumped oot ? 
hmmm dont care mm (: 
i just spent like 10 minutes wondering why i couldny hear any music on my earphones . would've helped if i had actually had them in my ears . 
my back :( workin 2 much im seriously reconsidering this 60hours a week shit 
Glasgow eh morn wheeeeey x ) 
ee ah ah eh ah oo ah ah eh ee LOOOL 
You know you're having a bad day when you butter your toast on the wrong side 
I think people who have sex with children should be shot . 
Preferably on a high definition camera . 
i think i should eat now ... mmmm <3 
i swear i seen a down syndrome dog the day ! the way this thing wis walkin had me in stitches on the bus ahaahahaha 
just tried on the size 10 jeans i got the day and toiled ta get them over my fuckin thigh wahaaaa wheres this sudden fat came fae ilikeit <3 <3 
OMGGGG its national dress up your pet day . Now i have an excuse to humila 
and it has been proved again - a joint will make everythin better . and using my friends massive boobs as cushions <3 someone come and feed me grapes by hand 
right definately going to bed , up early for my hair 8D going blonder ooooh 
new hat ! new hat ! its well warm ;) 
ah work ffs ! 
ANYCUNT GOT MA MOBILE NUMBER HAHA !? And no the yin a posted earlier ! 
ma wee bro's off 2 new york in a few days . Told um the national dress is a burkah , wrapped some red candles aroond his waist 2 look like dynamite and told um to spread the word o ' bring ur plane 2 work day ' on the top floor o the highest skyscraper . 
iv just spent the last hour an a half sittin watchin nuclear explosions on youtube . And have nae idea why O__O 
mgakn meawballs am mar vin mamn micro such a gd in8ention ! 
thinks the fact her Granny has been in the jail is fuckin hilarious hahahahahahahaha 
thank god im not living in Gullane anymore , with this weather there would be no chance i would be able ta contact the outside world . 
got her da's wedding ring . Considerin my ma found a way o turnin it intae a lethal weapon and impaled it in his heid alongside a stainless steel candlestick and a kettle o boilin water , its in pretty good nick . Rofl and she wonders why im a sandwhich short o a picnic .. 
ooh I dunno what ta do x ) rofl . say yes and fuck up spectacularly or say no and ...... hmmm . there are more downfalls ta yes than no I suppose but I just dinny ken ! I think I need some assistance 
im gawn tae the panto the night haha ! 
TRICKY DISO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
mmm iv got the comfiest bed in the world 
Ah !!! need a shower , JOIN ME FUCKERS 
Just up and out the shower after a night of sharin a bed wi sweaty betty !! Haha . Its my bday the morn hmm . 
Ahhh ! So tired ! 
is gonna keep postin status updates tae be nippy and fill up yer front page wi shite ! 
just fell off ma chair 
has just realised there's no been 1 minute the day where i huvny thought aboot sex . wahaaa creep x ) 
This is CANCER awareness month . IN MEMORY of every cancer patient , family member & friend who has lost their battle with cancer , and in honour of those 
who continue to conquer ! PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS for 1 hour if you love 
someone who has or had cancer . Many people won't copy & paste . I WAS PROUD TOO . Will you ? 
nanight world x 
Time for an el doobius . Love how kev sits and rants at me for playing my music too loud through my earphones , yet fails to realise the entire time I have them in my ears playing music at an unreaonable volume . 
just applied for a job at that health club at newcraighall ahaaa hope the health plan includes a fuckin bulletproof vest rofl . i crack maself up mate :') 
got her implant taken out , fucking TRAUMATISED !!! turn around and she's got a wee pair o scissors right up my arm cuttin the skin away thats grown around it and then yankin it oot ! waaah new one wasny so bad tho haha 
hahahahahahaha actually CANNOT stop laughin man wtf haha 
hahahaha !! wullie just said he'd be better off payin for a prostitute every night cos its cheaper than my ma hahahahahahahaa ' cant even use ma ain fuckin bankcard!' aha 
i'll fuckin take the lot eh yeez AHHH 
is back in lochend for the nite woo 
put the wrong mob number on this earlier SORRY FOLKS !! 
i was sucking the burd off last night when i thought " wait a minute .... " 
New NERD album fuckin YUM , Pharrell Williams is a fine specimen like oohya <3 <3 <3 
might browse the next website and see what i can get my unusually small hands on <3 
kooooooooooooshty 
i actually LOVE Peter Griffins voice ! That laugh is so funny hahaha 
and now that i think about it , my grinder went missin the day she cleaned the house ..... 
several joints , too much food & cant sleep . oh dear . 
" Hey azbo look behind you " . Hahaha ! 
what yeez gonna do aboot it ? 
time for a joooooint i think hmmm <3 <3 
wher tq penhs ? 
got heeeeavy munchies after that joint nomnomnom 
karmaa police , arrest this girl , her hitler hairdo is making me feel ill ( 8 ) 
I cannot eat !! I've been like this for ages now I feel absolutely STARVING but as soon as i put a fork in my mouth i feel like my stomach's gonna burst open :( the past week i'v lived off a couple of packets of crisps and a pot noodle , i couldny even eat my xmas dindins ! wtf is wrong with me !? i cant eat , i cant sleep HELP 
fae what i saw , rihanna looked like fucking sideshow bob . 
interview at 3 the morn . seriously hope it doesny clash with my hair appointment !! 
i built a time machine next wednesday 
last joint last joint last joint ... maybe i could squeeze 2 outta it .... :( waaah 
stop the microwave at 1 second just to feel like a bomb disposal expert wahahahahah 
got an interview fir a lapdancer WAHAAAAAA this'll be a laugh 
Anybody wanty exchange a 3 bedroom flat at leith links ?? Got a balcony and a back green . Tiidy wee flat . PM @Wilma Blyth Thankyou . 
Dear God . I got everything I want from santa , and I would like to mention I have been VERY good this year apart from a couple of episodes . It's just well it's my birthday in 5 weeks and if I don't enter the 5th Feb straddling a man with a large penis , then I will not be happy . I have not had sex in over 8 months now . Please rectify this issue . thanks . 
Clocks go back this weekend , better git outside an adjust ma sundial . 
EH ? 
naaah seriously im bored now gonnae roll a smoke 
YOU'V GOT YOURSELF A RING-A-DING DEAL . Fuckin talk tae me people am bored ! 
really must stop puttin off phonin this fuckin lapdancin bar and just fuckin DAE IT >:( 
' s hair is actually fuckin BLUE . like proper electric blue . ahahahaha and theres fuck all i can do aboot it rofl 
is runnin aroond in blind panic cos her implant runs oot the day & just remembered . canny believe its been 3 years already . just gutted cos i didny even get much baby-free guarantee'd action waaaah 
Naebody talkin the night then ??? 
ALLAN NAIRN JUST RUINED MA TRAIN EH THOUGHT 
wtffff fanny 
Swear I'm gonna crack sumone hahaaaa 
Needs a joint badly 
call meee so i can make it juicy for ya <3 
well , looks like i've well and truly fucked my ipod charger . and it's nearly ooty battery :( 
wheres all the lesbians at ? :( 
payday tomorrow and i plan on gittin wrecked over the weekend <3 hmmmm (: 
held my scarf over ma eyes ta avoid bein blinded by the sun . it just filtered the sunlight directly inta my fucking retna . ahh ! 
needs to sleep too stoned & traumatised after a night of abuse from Andrew Saunders the fuckin tosser haha my new stalker apparently . dick . 
swear ta god the jobcentre actually have a random problem generator like >:( 
still cant get over what i found out about that person last night . hahahaha fucking hilarious . rank like . 
got heaaaavy giggles now hahahahhaah 
" i ken wen he does that stupid crip walk dont you just wanna dek him " wahaahaaa Keiran Mclay truer words huv never been spoken , think we should knock his wigger arse oot >.< 
just spewed up her insides . Alan Nairn I think I caught your cold via facebook you bastard !!! haha x 
would like tae apologize in advance for my behaviour at this party tonight , im a very annoying drunk . 
anycunt fancy joinin me tae go dae some drive-by joustlin ahahaha FUCKIN REBELS 
I had an old man in the persevere tell me that all his kid's done at xmas was nag him , so i should not nag my dad at xmas apparently . it was like wtf what do you expect me to do mate , go to the plot where he's burried and stand shouting at the ground " A CARD WOULD'VE BEEN FUCKING APPRECIATED " ? hahahaha 
just ate and now i feel huuuuge ( N ) 
oooh ooohh ! NEARLY ! fuckin NEARLY ! 
' s FAVOURITE auntie , Veronica Wright , has turned out tae be one of these weird facebook stalkers . maybe thats cos i put a picture o her massive plastic chebs up tho , just tryin tae git her own back ..... 
FUCKIN IPOD MAKIN ME SPELL EVERYTHIN WRONG 
wonder how long a could sit n dae this fir ? 
LIAM GOODALL STALKED ME . HE WOULD ACTUALLY SNEAK AROOND THE SIDE O THE HOUSE TO SEE IF IM IN . WEIRDO . SAYIN YI SHAGGED ME N THAT PFFFFFT DID YI FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK MATE !! HAHAHAHAHA TALK SO MUCH WET . 
replaced my mums bed wi a trampoline . she hit the roof . AHAAAAAA 
cheers mum on your decision to do FUCK ALL about my room being unbearably cold . Its like a fuckin walk in freezer honestly . Well if you think im gettin up the morn yer wrong , im jammed between the bed and ceilin by my nipples its actually that cold . Nae sleep 4 me then .. 
is havin a late night scran hahaa fuckin tidy mate . 
aye thats sound pal . send ehs a link ta a shite song and compare the lyrics ta the way you feel aboot me , aw wow how CUTE . fuckin grow a pair mate eh . 
wait fir ma return tho fuckers ill be back wi a vengance 
gay 
Hmmm joint mmm 
what a relief 
oooooh 1 day till i get ma flange waxed . i am giving it as much special attention as possible before i angie tears it off , i cry like a baby and question mysel over why i got it done when there's naecunt ta look at the result . if i could give myself head , i probably would . 
is drunk ! fuckin lightweight 
fkn drnink ru mm 
wullie just threw me oot in the snow in my jammies and locked the door , nearly fell on my arse in the minutes of desparation i spent runnin tae the front o the hoose hahaha 
NEW EYELASHES !!! NEW EYELASHES !!! they are fucking huge . cant wait ta give someone heid so they can look down while im doing it and think " damn , those are some nice eyelashes like " :D 
drinkin aw that vodka didny seem too great an idea when i was spewin up my load this mornin . 
nae dope til the morn :( waah 
my kind mother informed me today that i have fat legs . cheers for that : L 
loveit when folk talk shite and say i shagged them <3 it's actually hilarious 
2010 is almost over . confess something you've always wanted to tell me ( inbox only ) and i promise it will stay between us . put this as your status , you might be suprised :) .. 
just got innn .... whatta daaaaay man fucking jobcentre 
isnt it funny how everything goes in slow motion and you scream ' NOOO ' in a really deep , slow voice as you rush to get the charger for the xbox controller when the battery dies 
fuckin gutter fell off the roof last night Ahhh x ( fuckin snow !!! 
is fuckin sick o this blue hair and this dud baccy i got is fuckin HUMMIN mate and i think i caught a cold fae runnin aboot a hill ootside the powerstation in my bra last nite . Swear if i wisni guzzlin this lemsip id probly b lickin a windae man . Spaz 
unfortunately fir you lot i suffer from insomnia 
see what happens 
lol " shut it azaria or i'l crack yi ... an egg to scramble " 
wow . summin really shit happened last night ; and due tae that i cannot be fucked with the day !! fuck off wooorld i need hugs me thinks 
ahh i mite just go ta hollie's in ma jammies 
iv got my wee brother whipped like . haha . Heidi Schøtt will never huv a chance o pryin him fae ma controllin hands . mwuhahaha . 
well that peroxide was a good waste o money . back to blaaack soonish . 
is it too early to start drinkin inta oblivion ??? 
hiiiigh . and got serious munchies my ma better've kept some cake for me that's pure shan if she husny like . 
Knockin back the vodkas n coke ooh yeah 
has had Snoop Dogg in her head ALLLLL FUCKING DAY and cannot get it out haha . 
plllllllleaaaase we're fuckin desperate for info we're that sad hahahahaha andys been out for 3 hours kennin him he's probly made it worse rofl fuckin fireman sam . images in my head of him steamin inta a house witha minor kitchen fire and then a big fucker of an explosion LMAO .. pleeeease somebody has to know smmin maaan we're so nosey this is fuckin UNBEARABLE 
Little boys - fuck off !! I like MEN kthnx !! Dinny worry I'm sure ye's will understand when ye reach 20 . Until then , nash mate !! 
I need some cannaaaaaaabis . but i need money first . unless anycunt's nice enough ta stop this torture in exchange for a good deek at my eyelashes & a flash of my boobs . doubt it but x ( 
halfway through dyin ma hair black , starts turnin blue . Apparently the color ' midnight oasis ' just IS NOT black and shudny be used on blonde hair due to its vibrancy . Shit . 
SAKE !!! hurry up domino's im staaaaaaaaaaarvin 
weekend with my lovely bubs Lisa Fotheringham & a VERYSEXYMAN ;) <3 hmmmm haha 
hmmm bed <3 i dunno how folk kin wear clothes in bed ! 
had it brainwashed into me as a child " NEVER ACCEPT A LIFT FROM A STRANGER ! " well i kent his face from somewhere it wisny till i actually got out the car and said my goodbyes that i finally realised who it was ahahahaha 
time to celebrate wi a jaay tonight on account that i am just amazing . I always wis a cocky wee bitch tbh . 
ahaha santa claus at strawberry corner " MERRY CHRISTMAS YOUNG LADY ! " ahaha he wis buzzin 
aaah hurry up i need my badge dammit ! 
just scratched ma chacha 
' s mum , June Robertson , has just updated me that the candlestick she battered my dad wi was not steel , that it wis infact IRON . honestly mum , please dont decide ta become a defence lawyer , ye'd be shite at it . 
i feel really sick :( 
me & lisa treckin aroond sex shops lookin for white stockin's for our nurse outfits for goin upthetoon , HAHA hard to belive NO sexshops selt stockin's O____O am i the only one who finds that REALLY FUCKIN STRANGE !??! ended up spendin like an hour admiring wee nifty pillows you can hide vibrators in LOOL 
Has a cold and it's a badboy Ohhhh I'm no gettin piece fae this yin waaah :( 
is lucky if her heart beats once a year . waaaaaaaah . 
thinks Andrew Saunders should stop comin on and offline like a bitch . spose old people struggle with technology these days tho ... 
http://m.youtube.com/index?desktop_uri=%2F&gl=GB#/watch?xl=xl_blazer&v=V0MjH05iliI 
ahaahhahahahhaa pmsl at the dyslexic version ahha 
HAHA nah am kiddin am gawn allllll night 
cos yer love is sweet like candy and I WANT ME SOME . haha TUNE mate ! Just ate a pizza feel like i've gained 40stone in the last 20 minutes . Currently havin to replace walkin with rolling to get around the house . Gettin up the stairs is gonna be a bastard ... 
Ken what I wis thinkin ... What if I wis stuck on a desert island and didn't have a footstool ta rest my feet on ??? I'd be fucked mate O_O 
think's he's OBV no that bothered otherwise he'd have bin in touch by now . Haha . Like I give a shit (: ! Briiiiilliant . 
this is borin me now 
well i suppppppppppppppose i should get ready ............ :/ tata 
hmmm 
haha tony's status aha im still hammerd fae last nite rofl 
must confess my sins . cannot live with myself any longer . Mum , it wasny the dog who took a bite oot o the chocolate cake yi ... it was me . )': i just wanted ta try it & couldny be arsed gettin a plate and fork . but it was fuckin hooftin so thats why i didny eat the rest . i hate dark chocolate ... 
ius wnderin wher thes obsessio n wi pharrel wiliams hs came fa !! 1 
badly needs tae sleep .... but cannot stop eatin ahaaaa nomnomnom 
should really start gettin ready ...... left myself wi an hour thats naewhere near enough time tae cake ma monster face in ridiculous amounts o makeup 
just spewed . AGAIN . Must get better , I've got drinks tomorrow with Nathan Smith !!!! 
my throooat :( 
mum better hurry up im starving and that dinner wont make itself >:( 
GFUCKIJSDFHBHNJM FUCKIN SKINS AHHHHH FUCKIN VGYFDSTVGFYBNJUHM FUCKIUN SHITE SKINSS FUCKINR IZLAS PILE O SHITE ! 
daily pic will have tae wait folks :( fne's nearly oot a battery and im stuck in edinburgh ... 
is being stalked haha ! Like properly stalked mate it's creepy as fuck ! O_O Gonna bail under the dining room table next time like . Somebody help ??? 
ahhh im oan a mission tae find this fucker ! AHHHH it had so many crystals in it :( 
i would have sex with lil wayne's voice if i could , honestly 
hmmm middle eh the nite munchies . i am craving sex . why will naebody have sex with me . whywhywhywhy ? 
If you want me you kin watch me on your videophoooone <3 CAN YOU HANDLE IT ....... doubt it mate ;) 
tired masel oot aha 
FUCK YOU EBAY 
ahahahahahahahaaa !! 
i like this bra , it makes my tits bounce when i walk <3 hmmmm 
and why did my maw have tae buy SHITTY rizla skins : @ 
quit the job haha ! couldny hack that shit rofl 
yaaay new hair ! Back tae brown&blonde <3 
i want this implant oot my fuckin arm ! NOW !! >:( a whole year i wis free fae tampons and ruined sexual experiences , and I DIDNT EVEN GET ANY !! This has just reinforced my fuckin life o celibacy . FANTASTIC . 
i cannot sleep on an empty stomach . HELLO FRIDGE . 
bet ma mum wishes she didny get facebook now , cos she's just gettin RIPPPPPPED (: i love her really .................... 
happy christmas dad x hope christmas in heaven is just as good as christmas here . well i imagine it would be considering it's jesus's birthday , but i know you don't believe in all that shite . we miss you and love you lots , wish you were here x 
Anybody ken where i kin get weed ? Dealer got busted n me and ma babe are gaggin , just puffin on the last doobie now and no amount of zopiclone will fix this ! 
ma 1st xmas at hame in like 2 years o_o pure strange maaan 
daily photae should be back tae normal x ) 
ma dog just teabagged ma packet o crisps . yuck . 
ahhh i lutv ma baabe whdr is pphshe xxw 
Just woke up ahhh ! 
Sooo hungry but just CANT EAT . 
what the fuck ever happened ta just sex ? why are folk gettin all emotional on my ass ???? jeezo 
actually dinny hink i can dae this anymore O___O .............. LIFE IS SO CONFUSING 
joint . scran . bed . 
entered the new year wasted . now time for a doob <3 
WTF ?! she's a 27yo smackheid and her fiance's 70+ odd LOL . Poor , poor man . 
interview noooooooo dontwannagodontwannagodontwannago nonononono 
Managed to lose lisa's house key's and lock her out up at slateford hahaha I wis nearly greetin cos I felt that bad lmao x ) 
got peroxide on my arm , so fuckin itchy . 
actually just binged on cheesy pasta , crisps , biscuits , spagetti , sausages and tweets . and im walkin like a hunchback , this pain is brutal man 
Hmmmm I wish I had huge boobs like angie ! just wait till I get this money HELLO PLASTIC SURGEON 
how pathetic are some folk x ) hahaha 
early night for me im waaaasted , watch some funny shit and bed <3 
wud just like 2 say a late but huge HAPPY BIRTHDAY my wee bro !! dont get paid til next week so u'l need 2 wait ! canny believe he's 16 , even tho he's bigger than me and smokes&drinks like a motherfucker . il still be gawn oot leatherin fuck ooty folk 4 lookin at um the wrong way wahaa 
my brothers a FOOOOL ! Offer him a FREE holiday in amsterdam next year and he turns it down O_O ! so anybody else wants ta come feel freee my friends !!! 
trust the bus i jump on tae be part route and leave me stranded at eastfield ! god bless taxi drivers <3 
I often say to myself , " I can't believe that cloning machine worked ! " 
" Due to suspicious behaviour , you have been temporarily banned from Omegle " . OH so WE'RE the ones pointin oot the weirdo's and now we're the bad cunts ? pffft 
cant wait 2 get my new phone so i can take this fuckin piece o shit ootside and smash it ! 
everybody's sooooooo borin the night . seriously , lick my fuckin rim mate !! 
hahaha . aw man i could laugh forever . time tae gee the fridge its usual night visit . and if my mama hasnt got any decent scran in , the only hing she'l be unwrappin on xmas is her fucking bandages . 
Stranger : prob a bush anywayz You : mate you probably have a fucking jewfro so shut it 
fuuuuuuuckfuckfuck me 
joint&scran&bed . mm . 
What do you do to save the life of someone who is bleeding to death ? 
Give him an erection 
8 ) 
lost ma grinder :'( 
hehehehe . so dirty minded LOL heheheh ^____^ 
i love how people tell me i'm a dick as if i dont know already . haha . run and jump soon or i'l boot yer gooch ya fuckin banger 
Angie Quinn , I hope yi realize when yi were pissed last night yi promised me a free waxin for my vajayjay !! just Ta let yi know I will not be washin for the next 2 days so yi have ta touch a big smelly fanny wahaaa !! 
shavingrash nooooo :'( !! actually wanty scream AHHH ! 
My next song is about subtraction . 
Take it away .... 
there is nothing to eat :( 
Fuckin tomb raider aaaahhhhh !!!!! 
thinks the way Lisa Fotheringham makes " mmmmm " noises the whole time she's eatin is HILARIOUS !!! another night like last night , minus the baby screaming plz <3 
just missed the bus cos it came early : @ watched it steam along the road as i wis basically breakdancin doon the road tryin no ta fall on the ice x ( 
fucking false eyelash half came off and poked me in the eye when i wis blinking . cheers for successfully ruining the make up that took 45 minutes . 
I had such a fucked up dream that included so many irrelevant people :S I better get weed the day but this snow's set to fuck that up I imagine x ( waah 
MATE IV GOT WEED !! " boy breaks speed of light runnin from glasgow to Prestonpans " ahahaha 
ahahaha nae gritters up this way so wullies away oot like a 1 man band clearin the snow off the WHOLE road with a shitty wee shovel ahahaha he's lost it 
i just tore through those presents like a motherfucker ahaaa NEWLAPTOPNEWLAPTOPNEWLAPTOP . Aaaaaand im goin doon tae newcastle next year for lee evans EEEEEEEEEEEEEEE 
hmm havin an indian for xmas dindin's the morn (: 
please copy and paste this as your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone who needs a punch in the fucking face . People who need a punch in the fucking face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for people who need a punch in the fucking face , except a punch in the fucking face .. 93% of people won't re-post this Why ? Because . they probably need a punch in the fucking face . 
LMAO wullie bought my ma men's aftershave ! The perfect husband eh ! 
i am such a mongo !! other day wis like to tony " ehhh tony hink the heatin's on , it says 25 on the thermostat but i'm no sure if thats in celcius or farenheight ... " LMAO he just shood his head and walked away 
boobies <3 
Fool people into thinking you've been to Madame Tussauds by having your photo taken with various celebrities . 
well i spose i should take the fucking dog out then . i just took coedine and i am wasted 
i really fucking hate snow like 
doooooooooobie time x ) ... BYE NOW 
just joined a group and a picture o a giant fucking spider popped up .. actually screamed , started crying and ran away from the computer until i got the balls to come over and click it away :( 
who cares its only fuckin snow man ! 
time for sum booze x ) 
all done . there is now no need for the friends list i made named " fannies " >:) 
ahh munchies ! 
i am sooo high right now haha 
FUCKIN LIMEWIRE : @ FUCK THE COURT OF LAW LIKE !! I want ma tunes :( and they'v banned limewire now noooo 
lollll im " babe of the week " apparently . haha . 
oooh getting my fake tan done the day .. might stand infront o angie swaying back and forth goin " OHHH ANGIE THAT FEELS GOOD HMMM YES " 
i could murder somecunt but i'd rather sleep <3 
nah mate never goin shoppin in ggow again wis ready ta go pluggin folk i got that angry and now the trains just stopped fir nae reason ! 
i have a bottle o vodka and naecunt to share it with . ho hum :) 
I just rolled a fucking huge doobie . mmmmm <3 
Damn , 3D is good . The part where the staff threw me out the cinema for masterbating was so realistic . 
i dunno wtf just happened , but i just all of a sudden realized how much i miss my dad . hmm . 
LOL my IQ was like 140 when I was 12 and now its doon tae 98 x ) wahahahaha 
i should probably be sleeping right about now . hmmm goodnight 
Its nearly 6am . I . Cannot . Sleep . Ahh ! 
my bro's just came in fuckin steamin and told me the same story bwt 40 times lol 
omgomgomgomgomgomgomgomg first xmas at hame in 3 years i wanty open my presents NOW >:( 
Hmm , i could leave glasgow today but i cba . Check the nick eh me lololol 
is that a guy or a burd on Jeremy Kyle ??? Looks like a bloke but as soon as he/she opened his/her mouth , it has a female voice . WTF ??? 
accordin tae liam goodall , i'm a dog . well i'm obv no that much eh a dog if he stalked me and went aroond braggin aboot the apparent sex we hud LOL . honestly mate yi talk that much shite im considerin callin in the mythbusters ! better hope next time yi come tae the door its no me that answers trust me ;) 
3 hours worth o ironin tae be done !! fucksaaake !! canni wait for Ma joint hmmmm 
just cut my gums by taking a pair o chopsticks , putting them in my mouth and pretending i wis a walrus . pretty sare like . 
If the zombie apocalypse ever happens , I'm just going to surround my house with outward facing treadmills . 
I should be fine . 
is anyone elses facebook being a dick ?? mines keeps crashing every 2 minutes and generally broke :( 
whoever made the giant snow cock at the tellytubby hills doon the road ; it would be an honour to meet you . 
she'll deny it but angie really did cop a feel in that wee room . gaggin for it , so she was 
Im gettin £250 the morn and i can either 1 ) put the majority of it into alcohol/drugs fund get wrecked and spend the rest on stuff i need or 2)Go tae the court and pay my fines . Hmm . I'm liking the look of option 1 . 
ahhh . standing here unemployed and ironing men's clothes . What a woman should be dain |= ) 
really wish i had lisa's tits tae smother my face in bed . but this blow up doll will dae nicely :) 
and now thats done , time to shut the curtains and go straight back to sleep . wilny be happy if i wake up and its still daylight liiike . 
i wanted a lie in the day but im fucking wide awake 
hahahaha can safely say i've scarred my bro for life LMAO . 
i am goin tae see my 1st 3D movie the nite wooo 
I had amazing sex last night , then I woke up .. That weed's a heaaaavy creeper like ha 
ahhh SO bored !!! cannabis or masterbation is the only cure . AND I CANT HAVE BOTH :'( or i can but i just dinny 
how good are radiohead haa <3 
LOLOL . just speakin ta Hollie there , police paid her a visit the day , lookin for me lol but they dont know it's me ! They'v been hunting edinburgh for months now looking for " Gemma " LMAO they're fuckin stumped mate ! And it has it down on her record that me and her are buddies , so if they knew it was me they would've been here by now . LMAO . fucking police , bunch of morons !! 
just back from the panto lolol its well funny 
aww what my minds just went pure blank i canni think o anythin im tryin to think aboot summin but i dunno what to think aboot and the more i think the more i forget and then i just CANT THINK >:'( 
goooooodnight world :] sleeeeeeeeeepybyes for awa . 
spent the majority of the weekend in bed whilst realising that in future i should really start washing the cleaning stuff off the baking tray before making food . ugh yuck . 
" azaria , i've got an early christmas present for you " ... i jump up and down in excitement when he passes me a draw of a menthol fag 
When Muslim parents have to use the , " Open wide , here comes the air-plane ! " technique , do they just smash it in their face and make explosive noises ? 
I just used eardrops and it feels like somebody's just raped my ear and sprayed their manjuice all over my brains :( 
hollie just text me asking me to do an " azaria faver " . what the fuck is that ?? according to her its shouting at people . 
LOLOLOLOL my ma giving me tips on how to budget my weed hahaha pure grass-management classes x ) 
I just realized it's nearly a year since Dad died . Hmm . Never thought I'd ever hear myself saying that . Strange . 
i dont think men quite understand the complex task of shavin yer foof in a shower !! all the awkward positions and squatting and hard to reach places that if i wasny able to get my legs behind my heid i would be fucked :( !! then the itchiness afterwards OMG ahhhhh >:( we go to a lot of effort and that should be ignored !!! 
uptoon for new year wheeeyyy . gunna get hammered x ) 
spent the past 4 days gettin wrecked and sleeping . i think i can safely say those were the best four days of 2010 
just finished the ironin x ) now time tae clean everyhin else 
my mother has put my duvet cover set from next on ebay because she's just decided she's doin up my room . bitch , they were my favourite one's they were tiiidy x ( . I'm thinkin aboot logging onto ebay so i can buy them back . she'd be gutted if i got the winning bid . 
hmm i should probably sleep . 
moneymoneymoneymoneymoney . dopedopedope . hmmmmm just got up x ) 
AHHHHH 
humiliate the dog andWTF is up wi my facebook 
sittin waitin on the courier comin up to pick up my mums ebay stuff . sposed to be half and hour ago !! >:( bored oot ma heid 
lolll . i just found something out about someone ;) and im the only person who knows haha ! thats well emabarassin like . i think this calls for a bribe . 
awww man I know i dae stupid shit everyday but it's trivial shit like leaving my straightners on or walking into the patio doors . But I've just realized how stupid my actions were this weekend . Like seriously , seriously fucking stupid . I may aswell sit in a wheelchair , flap my hands about and dribble . D: 
ahhh get my hair done tomorrow then x ) 
me and tony playin hide and seek wi the dugs shit LOOOL canni find it but ken its in this hoose somewhere dammit >:( 
A guy broke into my apartment last week . 
He didn't take the TV , just the remote . 
Now he drives by and changes the channels . Sick bastard . 
Joint and tunes = heaven . 
Seriously . What the fucks happening ??? 
