loves Johnathan soooooo much !!!! <3 <3 <3 
Put this on your status for just one hour if you know someone who has or had cancer , PLEASE LET THERE BE A CURE FOR CANCER IN 2010 !!! 
God forbid you ever had to walk a mile in her shoes , cause then you'd really might know what it's like to have to choose ... 

I've seen a rich man beg , I've seen a good man sin , I've seen a tough guy cry ... I've seen a loser win and a sad mad grin , I've heard an honest man lie ... I've seen the good side of bad and the down side of up and everything between . 
At least you'd might know what it's like ... 
Some bitches need to castrated and put in their place . Try to fucking threaten me , and see what happens . Not only will you loose your face and your job , you'll loose your family and friends ; and if I succeed , YOU WILL loose your fucking life , you dumb bitch . 
Moving to Paris with Evelyn Coreas !!! Hell YA ! Free health care , more money , and gov't workers to do your laundry , make dinner , and watch the kids ! 
9 Inches ... :( 
? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? It's all because of you <3 
" Salty means beautiful ... " 
" Well , then , you must be soy sauce babe . " 
I hate SallieMae ! 
Why , oh WHY , must people lie ??? 
RIP Paul Gray ( #2 ) ! We'll miss you !! ( for real , you were the best bassist in the world .. ) 
I hate people . 
2 reports done , 3 more to go ! Oh , how I looove school ! <3<3<3 
I get amused when I think of how many people I fucking hate ( including you . ) :) 
N/V , HTN , fever , congestion ... UGHHHH 
Just got off work . Where the hell is my ride ?? I need to get out of these damn scrubs !! 
" Will this love pendulum ever end ?? " -Becca Overton 
" I don't want it to ... " <3 
Mommy , kailangan ko ng bagong kotse . 
Johnathan in a dress ? Transvestite for the Party ? YES ! 
Thanks to all the people that actually said Happy Birthday to me . And FUCK YOU ALL to whomever did not . <3 
I fucking hate my life and I'm so god damn sick of how " great " every god damn person ' summer is going ! Why doesn't anyone shut the fuck up ?! 
Flu anybody ? 
I hate pediatrics . Nitra !!! I met your Vernon last Monday !! Be Jealous ! <3 Josefina , we are so switching externship sites ! <3 Popeyes chicken anyone ? 
I still remember those looks and those calls in gym class . I still miss those late phone calls and those early letters in the mail . I wonder what happened . What happened to us ? I remember your tears and mine , when my father made our love a crime . You were hurt and so was I ; or are you just another lie ? You may not see me now , but I see you . It still hurts me that I can't say " I love you too " . kkk kkk 
Got a 100 on my final and a 99 for my overall grade girls !!! 
Dinner for tonight : Raisin Bran cereal with vanilla soy milk , Orange Juice with 110% Vit C , and rice pudding ! Yumm ! lol 
So , pretty much , to sum it up : I was given the SQ , and it hurt like a bitch . My arm bled like crazy . And so did my vein-it would not stop bleeding for two freggin minutes . Then my breasts were exposed in the daring cold for 15 minutes . Well , at least I didn't have to get a gluteal !!!!! Ladysss ! I'm still here ! 
Someone rescue me from this perpetual hell you call life . Release me from it's lively grips and set me free into a world of numbness . Give me the death I long for . 
On my way to work .... ugh too earlyyy ! 
I'm gonna fuck up your relationship . Make her hate you . Make you mine . Destroy everything you ever had with her and laugh in her face . I'll make you forget her , forget who she is , forget how she looks , forget everything . Cause when I'll say her name , you'll think of me . And when we're in bed together , it'll be my name you're screaming . Then , I'll kill her . Why ? Because that's who I am , that's what I do . See you soon . 
Redbull & Gin 
TATTOO PARTY !! My House , In Woodbridge . 10AM-2AM . Message Me for the address !!! 
I NEED A RIDE TO STAFFORD ! 
I like it in the car . 
Mahal Kita <3 
I finished my Externship , Ladies !!! Got 200+ hours ... way to go ! 
Happy Birthday Daddy ! <3 
A penny for my thoughts , I'll sell them for a dollar . They're worth so much more after I'm a goner . Maybe then you'll hear the words I've been saying ... Funny when your dead how people start listening ... 
Poor Ashley is sick .... :( 
Ashleys still in the ER ... theyre taing forever !! I hate stafford hosp ... 
IM A FUCKING CRAB ??!!!! 
If you love me - comment this status . 
If you think I'm a good friend - like this status . 
If you have ever had a crush on me - poke me . 
If you absolutely hate me - then message me & tell me why . 
Post this as you're status , if you're not scared 
