And I awake from a good night sleep . Earned $60 from working . Sure it was a tad tiring , but it was nothing I couldnt handle . Oddly , I was dead tired after sat on the couch with my dad at midnight . Bah . I dont care . I had a good time , proven myself worthy for the work force , earned money , and made my father proud . 
can't frickin ' find a PAR T-T IME Job ANYWHERE ... 
Happy Thanksgiving , people ! Stuff youselves with lotsa turkey !!! Peace and Love !!! 
Aahhhh ..... It is awesome being a Senior . ^^ Class of ' 11 !!! 
Uuuuugh ... Again ?... Really ?... This had better be last time I . feel like shit in the morning ... 
Me looooooooooooooves teh piccie that Shelby made me , & me loooooooves Shelby anyway ! ^w^ <3 
Oh my gosh .......... Left 4 Dead doesn't work anymore .... Fuck you Valve . Fuck . You . You just HAD to " fix " the mp3 for the menu theme eh ? >:| 
Bella ................ 

I hope you will be okay ............. 
Halloween is over . Back to the hell-hole er , um , SCHOOL ! Yeah , school . It is already November ... Time seriously moves fast once one gets older ... Jeez it seemed like only yesterday that I was on the beach ... Next thing I know it is Christmas and then my eighteenth birthday . Shit ... I am getting old and life is moving too fast . 
Ffffffffrick back to school ... Aw well ... On the bright side after 22nd of Dec . I get TWO months off !!! How awesome is that !? :D 
All I am trying to do is relax ... Of course I am worried sick ... But ... All this stress .... 
I got myself a new freakin ' phone !!! Samsung Galaxy S !!! With a free Avatar movie ! 
IT'S SO FREAKING HUMID AND HOT !!! 
play the colorgame . (: Copy this into your status & see what people rateyou . :) * Red = I love you . * Pink = your cute . * Green = your funny . * Orange = Ilike you . * White = I use to like you . * Yellow = youramazing . * Black = I hate you . * Blue = friends for ever . 
Well , I went to Best Buy to buy me a webcam . Turns out THEY WERE $75 -$135 !!! WOT ?! Until I found one that was $30 , so I'm short another $15 
Well , no school due to possible eye infection . 
Crap , man . I am starting to get flaky for waking up in the mornings ! Stupid me ! -slapped- Aside from that , I am loving this weather !!! Too bad today is the last day ... 
And today brings another story my friends ! 
-sniffle- ........ Bella ........ 
Holy Crap ! 12 days until I am 18 !!! D8 What to do !? What to do !? 
-eye twitch , eye twitch- ... 
Uuuuugghh ... No school for today ... Bad bad stomach ache ... Ehh .. But nothing much was going to happen today anyway ... It is a shorten day ... Crap ... This sucks ... At least if I werent sick , I would have something much better to do ... Sickness < School . Anyway , how are all of you ? 
STIFF NECK !!! STIFF NECK !!! STIFF NECK !!! But beautiful day and great mood today ! 8D 
God , I'm loving this laptop !!! 
Call of Duty : Black Ops is released today ! ... Am I the only guy who actually came to school ? Call of Duty is too frickin . easy to own in !!! Blagh ! 
The Walking Dead ... What !? Only two more episodes !?!? Damn !!! I was hoping for alot more !!! Well , at least there is a greenlight for season 2 . This episode ... Shit ! Two survivors dead ... -left 4 dead death soundtrack plays- They are in a shitload of trouble now . 
is thinking of what he's going to do after high school , & possible par t-t ime job right now ... He is hating this pressure ... 
Well , I found a job !!! Toys ' R Us !!! 8D 
Damn working aint too bad ! Makes me feel so .... Useful ! 8D 
Now , my wall is looking sexy , minus the SPAM . XD 
Plans for my birthday ? Eh , possibly going to Dave and Buster's , if not then dinner at Olive Garden . 
I am short 10 credits from graduation . Due to missing the finals , my grades dropped drastically . My mom is doing everything she can to set a date so I can take those finals . However , fucking LAUSD has their heads up their asses and won't cooperate ! Scared a tad here . 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SHELBY !!! LOL YER 16 ! I LOVE YOU WITH ALL MY HEART !!! <3 <3 <3 
Okay , details about my job . I DON'T HAVE IT YET . My grandpa has known the manager ever since it first opened . SO ! My grandpa is going to ask the manager when they will be hiring & sending out applications . Once he gives the manager of my info & gives me that info . I'll be set to get my job . 
is feeling shitty eversince he came home yesterday at 10:30 ... 
Frick ... Frick ... Frick !!! Had another college spokesperson come into my class today ... Now I dont mind them coming , in fact , I feel blessed when they do . But all this information is overwhelming ... I just learned that community colleges are incrediblily overcrowded ... So yeah ... Very frightening for me ... What am I to do now ?... 
Oh my god ... -.- This loser of a chick on the otherside of the street . Walked over to my side and walked in front of me . While she was walking , she was all shaking her ass at me ... WHORE ! XD 
No words can describe my happiness ! My sister is returning home today ! For Christmas ! She is going to be okay . Thank you all for your prayers , and thank you , Lord , for being merciful and leaving Bella with us . 
Dang ! My wall has alot of purple ! 
Finally done with my first job . I CANNOT FEEL MY FINGERS !!!............. DELICIOUS !!! 8D 
Ennnnnnnnnnnngghh ... such tempation to pre-order Battlefield 3 !!! Must ... save ... money ... still ... GOD !!! < /dorky gaming FPS nerd > > w < 
Oh by the way , in the midst of my nerdiness , I love you , Shelby <3 
Christian Cordero : Whatcha doin' ? : > 
Shelby Corley : Playin ' Alice is Dead . You ? < : 
Christian Cordero : Sittin on my butt , being tempted to play Mabinogi :3 
Shelby Corley : Don't you dare >> 
Christian Cordero : lol I won't 
Christian Cordero : ( Rrrrrrrg ... Soooooooo tempting ... >.<) 
FRICKIN AC ON RIGHT ABOVE ME IN THE FREEZING MORNING !? GAAAAAAAAAAAAH !!! SO DAMN COLD !!! But now I am warm and toasty in the counseling office . X3 
Ehh . I feel like today will be a " another day , another dollar " day . But aside from that , I must continue my doodle dumps for more basic anatomy practice . 
Attempting to find all family members here on facebook ! :3 
I HATE YOU ALL !!! 
Christmas Eve ! Christmas Eve !!! 8D 
LEAVE MY WALL ALONE 
Schoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool ... This Monday . Senior Year ! Here I go ! 8D 
STOP SPAMMING MY WALL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
STOP . SPAMMING . MY . WALL ! 
Ohhhhhhhhhh man I am loving SOCOM US Navy SEALS : Confrontation !!! Such a fun game with mandatory teamwork !!! 
Peace as fully entered my mind . Meaning , I am done with all this war crap , politics , and the other crap . I'm like a hippie now . XD I don't want to pick fights anymore , no grudges , and all I want is peace and love ! In fact , I feel like changing my screen-name ( SkunkofWar ) . To something else . |3 
Thank God ! Bella is in remission !!! 
Man , sometimes I can get so deep into things . In fact , this sixth period at school today , I had talked to a classmate of how I lost most faith in the human race due the corruption , lost of integrity , and boundaries between people . Shit ... Frickin ' A , man ... What has the world come to ?... 
Happy Friday ! :D Ohai , school security ! What !? Random search !?!? But I got a test !!! Dont care !?! What !?! Nooooooooo !!! -taken away and " searched " - I didnt get in trouble , but , I didnt finish my test so I gotta take it home and shit . Fuckin idiots ... I could have been in class doing and finishing my test but noooooooo ! Security want to be asses and do these retarded " random searches " Aw well . It is friday ! 
NO HOT WATER AT 6:00 AM !!! WHAT THE FRICK !? S-S-S-SO FREAKING COLD !!! GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH !!! I AM STILL FREEZING !!! 
I want a blanket damnit ... 
Been awhile since I updated . I am ready for 2011 , sick of this year . Far too much drama and problems ... Hopefully this New Year will be better . Happy New Year , people . 
Oh yay ! I get out early today ! 
Note to self : Copy your ranting status before you share , otherwise it may be too long ... Anyway ... Tried to make a rant for a status but fucked up TWICE so screw it . Tired , pass bedtime , gonna get in trouble most likely , morning is gonna be a pain , and another tedious day of high school ... Sweet dreams and goodnight , f'ed up world ... 
Oi ! When I say " Feel free to text me , guys , " it means FEEL FREE TO TEXT ME !!! Jeez ! These nights are seriously depressing without anyone to talk to !!! So , again , Feel . Free . To . Text . Me ! A bit of a lame night but I have had worst ... Oh well ... Anyways ... Night , people . 
Another day , another dollar ? I dont know ; it seems like today will be one of those . XD 
Praise the Lord for giving me all the hot water in the world this morning ! My gosh it felt soooooooooooooo gooooooood ... No homo or hetero . 
Am I the only one who thinks it is Friday when it is really Thursday !? Gaaaaah ! I hate when that happens to me ! XDXD 
... The most sad and fucked up ending I have ever encountered ... Red Dead Redemption ... The government ... What are we to make of it ? Evil ? Good ? Or Neither ?... Are we truly the government ? Jeez ... Red Dead Redemption has one of the most deep and most sad storylines I have ever encountered ... 
Ugh ... Gosh dang insomnia ............ How I will get through the day I will never know .... 
Christ Almighty ! I HATE waking up butt-early in the mornings and not being able to sleep again for no apparent reason !!!!!! Insomnia much !?!!? Gaaaaaaaaaaaah !!!!! -stomach growls at 3:53 AM- ........... Just what I needed . 
Off to breakfast recess ! 
Look at me ! I'm on Facebook during my service period !!! 8D 
Sleep through twp alarms , get to school late , and I went to bed earlier than usual . Congratualations , Chris ... You are more of a frickin idiot than before . 
Happy New Year ! 
And Give Peace A Chance ! 
Woke up late , stiff neck , gloomy day , still fearful , and praying my eyes out ... God , help me . Well .... At least it is Friday ... 
Actually wide awake and a bit hyper today . VERY hopeful today will go by quick and everything will be good . A bit motivational too . I dunno why I am like this today but I dont care I just want this day to go by quickly and make it one day less until I go off track ! 
Finished the Ballad ... Very interesting story to say the least 
I can see my breath . Is THAT cold enough !? Frick !!! Christmas is-a-comin'!!! Yay !!! Need to nab our tree and make our lists to Santee Claus ! Happy Holidays , everyone ! 
Woke up at 6:30 with the TV still on with Kilplix playing ... XDXD Beautiful day so what to when ALL your friends are busy with the Halloween weekend !? Cuz I dont have any plans ... So what to do ?............. -goes for a walk- Joy ... But beautiful . 
Frick , damn sound packs effed up my Left 4 Dead game . Now , I need to either get the original sounds from Shelby or just uninstall the 
damn game and reinstall it and start all over again with re downloading 
updates that had not come with the game originally . I pray that it doesn't come down to reinstalling it , though I have a bad feeling it will anyway , it'll just suck up both my dad's and my time on the computer . 
Senior Portaits ... Freaking hair style ... Ugh ! 
-yaaaaaaawn- What a good day and night !!! Crappy Custom Left 4 Dead Campaign played with Shelby amd had fun ! |3 Afterwards , more fun and hilarity ensued and the day ended with a bang ! 83 
Well , hmmm ... New art posted up , HW was done , and boring day ........ Thats good enough for me ! 8D Jeez after three months of doing doodle dumps and practicing anthro , I think I am ready for start making decent pictures ! I will be completely set when my dad allows me download GIMP 2.6 ! 83 Now with male anthro mastered , it is time to move onto female anatomy and feral forms ! 
... My God , I cannot getvover how cute I look ! -^w^- Thanks again to David Aleman for the accepting my request ! Keep up you epic art , buddy ! > w < * stares at profile picture * TOO CUTE -^W^- 
You know that theme that plays when Sheik appears in Ocarina of Time ? That theme is like the theme for me today . I dont know why . Dont know what I am talking about or how it sounds ? YOUTUBE 8D 
Okay a little help from friends , mainly asking for my Skype posse , please ? Kay , I'm planning to buy FRAPS , a video recording program meant for games on the PC . That itself is $37 . Now , I want to buy $20 game to go along with it . I cannot decide between Amnesia : The Dark Descent , Team Fortress 2 , or Minecraft . Amnesia and Minecraft are favorable . Which game should I choose or should I choose none of them ? 
That tears it , I gotta play Amnesia after playing the demo . > w < 
BTW Marshall friends of mine , when do us A-Trackers go back ? 
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFRICK !!!! I could not find my jacket today . < : '' c So much looking like my fursona today . In spite of finding a decent hoodie replacement , I still would prefer my original jacket . Ah well , a new look for Chris the Skunk ? I will post up a few pics of me looking like him . Aside from that , time seems to be moving quick this Friday ! 8D 
Well the computer is out action . It will he for a long while . Now , I am lucky , my christmas wish of a laptop will compensate and suffice . If not , then you know what that means ... 
As for Bella and Tyler ... I am trying not to think about it ... It just ... Makes me ... Yeah ... You know ... 
< : '' < " The Walking Dead " is amazing . It perfectly follows how a zombie apocolypse would be . However , what really appeals to me is the surv 
Ohh my God ... These past weeks have been so damn stressful . I just want Christmas to come and have my 2 months of break . I need it . Eeesh . 
My sister's rabbits had a litter . Discovered only 15 mins ago , but the litter were already killed by the male's tramples . Bella is taking it very hard ... Prayers to you , Bella , and the litter . 
Ohhhhh boy . 3 Months of a vacation and now back in school for 4 months . Then I'm home free . Man , that's heavy . Once I'm done I'm kinda on my own o.o But I worry about that when the time comes . 
Frick . Frick . Frick . What is up with my head ? I mean , I am all find and dandy yay :D . Then I am all depressive and I go and just burden a friend with it ? What the frick ? That is NOT in my nature ! So again , apologies , friend . 
We get out A BIT earlier today , dont see why bother , it is only like 1 hour less . But I have all of this next week off yay !!! 
Mission Start . 
Ohh ... I hope you are okay , Bella ... 
SENIORS !!! YYYYYYYEEEEEEEAAAAAAHH !!! 
I gotta update a little more often . Anyway , slept in til 11 . First thing to do for the day ? BROTHERHOOD . Hahaha ! XD 
Yeah ........ 
Rain ... I love ya and all but kindly screw off . I don't exactly like having tainted water fall ontop of me when I am cwanky from waking up at 5:45 in the morning . :D ( Needs to update more often < /lazybutt > ) 
18 years old ! Sweet ! Thank you , everyone for your wiahes and happy birthday's 
is missing his boo <3 
Ohh okie-dokie now ... I get out early today , I have a substitute for the teacher dislike the most , wide awake , and not cwanky . So far so good . :3 I still miss my boo . X3 
Passed by two story houses with a lot of green and ... Just .... Wow ... Beautiful sight ......... Rich snobs >.> 
I ... am ... HATING this essay right now . I love writing , but for the love the God , it is ridiculous how stupid I am right now . I cannot even make a simple sentence explaining my own opinion on a quote . WHY !? 
Midnight ... It is time .... For Halloween ... Mwuhahahahahahahaha ! Time to slay some zombies ... 
Agh ... Not a good day so far . Roughish start but I am determined to see it all the way through . YOU will see that I will >.> Hmph ... 
Yeah . Do your thing . Okay . Whatever . > n > Hmph ... 
Mannn ... I am so sleepy ... So tired I am losing balance ... 
OH WHAT !? " A " FOR ALGEBRA 2 !? WOOOOO !!!! AWWWW YEAH !!! IMMA PARTY AND PARTY AND PARTY AND PARTY AND PARTY !!! OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!! 
I doubt I will after that ... 
Hurry up , Sun !!! Come up !!! Presents !!! 8D The skunky wants his presents !!! 
Mom : It just ... makes me sad to see you tired , or sick . It's like someone just coming by and kicking me in the balls . 
Bella : You don't have any balls . 
Mom : Yeah , because someone came and kicked them off ! 
Me : -chuckle- How can you have balls if you have boobs , mom ? 
Bella : They're implants ! :D 
Me : OH HAHAHA !!! 
Mom : What did she say ? 
Me : They're implants ! 
Mom : OHH ! THESE ARE NOT IMPLANTS ! 
Ohhh my God .... This fucking stress ... Ughhh .... 
Cold , cold , COLD !!! 
A higb of 90° F today ! Perfect weather ! ^^ THIS is California's real weather ! God I love it today ! ^^ 
Oh okay ! Students totally dont have other resposiblities , friends , or have any other classes other mine ! So you know what !? Let's set the test to MONDAY along with all HW due then too ! 8D Fucking ass of a teacher . EVER FUCKING THOUGHT OF THAT !? /rant 
PRESENT OPENING TIME !!!!!! -GIR laugh- 83 
Pardon the swearing in my last status . I was very upset , stressed , and very angry at my teacher at the time . Normally , I would not swear in a status , or at all for that matter . Please forgive me for being rude and using foul language , friends and family . 
... What the freak is going on !?!?! I just finish Brotherhood and I am confused !!! Why did Desmond stab Lucy !? What just happened !? What are those women talking about !? Who are those voices at the credits !?!?! FREAKING CLIFFHANGER !!! GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHH !!!!!!!!! 
No ... No ! NOOOOO !!! BELLA !!! NOOOOOOOOOO !!! 
-sits in bed with laptop on my lap- 
Let's see ... 90 , 110 , 130 , 150 , 170 , 190 , 245 .................. I have $245 dollars , guys ! :D 
My friends on Skype : You SUCK !!! > n > 
3:19 AM Finished the storyline ; CoD : Black Ops . Eww but fooking trippy . 
T.G.I.F. no more to say . :3 
Sorry I wasn't there for you , Shelby ... I didn't know what to say that wasn't said already . So much of a boyfriend I can be , huh ?... 
Am I no longer whom I used to be ?... God save me ... 
Alright ... I need some suggestions on what to ask for Christmas . Like now . Any suggestions !? 
It all ended well ... But ... Why do I still feel all down ?... 
Cheesey relationship + joke about cheese = delirous hilarity !!! XDXDXD 
First paying legit job , Tuesday Night . $10 an hour . 5 PM to Midnight or later . Nervous but I feel more at ease knowing the details 
Off I go to my first job . 
It just came to my mind , what you people gonna get for me on my birthday ? Legit too . 
Ahh what a Christmas . Scored with the presents . It was great but I just wish I could have spent it with my friends and my Shelby-Boo ... I mean , one friend didnt have a single thing he wanted plus it was told ahead of time for him ... I miss you all and hope to talk to you all soon . Off to bed for me ... Good night , sweet dreams , and have a Happy New Year ... Zzz ... 
Earbuds combined with a hoodie ???!!! Genius !!! 8D 
Mmkay , just finished mini golfing . Off to go eat then home 
Scoreboard : Colin 1st with 41 strokes , 
Bella 2nd with 44 strokes , 
Bebe ( grandma ) 3rd with 46 strokes , 
Mom 4th with 55 strokes , 
Me DEAD LAST D: with 57 strokes . 
YOU SON OF A BITCH , PSYCHO MANTIS !!! -on knees , pounding the ground- 
