wants to float her house to paradise falls now . 
really really hopes she gets the exact same schedule she planned out . 
ohhhh noesssss ! i have to go back to school on sunday . this is so depressing . we never seem to be able to catch each other . :( how's life ? miss you lots . 
wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
realized her class is 9 weeks long , not 8 . deatttthhhhhhhhhh 
wonders why there's a comment option for wall posts . 
awesome night ! 
loves the summertime . 
they definitely make time pass faster 
how i met your mother at haines !!!!! darn you cecilia , and your picture !!! 
is sad about school on Monday 
is packing for her " eminent " return to the bubble . 
feels the weight of all her childhood dreams being crushed by reality . 
why isnt it sunny in california ? it's summer ! 
hates how the status is right about the wall . so stupid . 
another theme park !!!!!!! 
is starting to feel too old for roller coasters . 90mph in 2 seconds is just too damn fast . 
thinks conan o brien is a weeeeee bit scary looking 
dodgers dodgers dodgers :) 
Michael Jackson was in MIB2 ? What ?! 
Brian Boitano has his own food network show ?! 
wonders if there's anything more to life . 
is having a miss my long hair moment . 
All this bad air quality is making me really sad . Damn fires ! Stop burning down all our forests ! 
loves taking Benadryl when she can't sleep . 
DAMN FIRES ! Stay away from Mt Wilson ! 
is no longer excited about going back to school , and wants to stay home an extra week . 
Lucky Charms : Magic in Every Bite !!! 
?????????? 
Is so sad that she's gone now that every one is done with exams . 
is tired and sleepy but cannot seem to fall asleep . wtfuhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
went hiking 3 miles ... and then had a croissant . lol . 
i disagree with you , weather . 
no pain no gain ! 
i wanna be a mighty morphin ' power ranger ! 
just started the quarter and is ready for winter break 
hates the new non-grid ucla agenda . where's my time grid ?!! 
okay ... 90 mph in 2 seconds is still pretty awesome . 
wishes there was a way to sound proof the windows . 
hates how there seems to be fire in the nearby mountains every year now . sooooo hot . 
wants to catch all those stupid chirping crickets and burn them alive . 
had a " moment of sudden revelation or insight . " 
On-campus housing regulation : B . 11 Pets Students may not bring or maintain pets in residence halls/suites except fish in small tanks not to exceed ten gallons . Roommates/Suitemates must agree to have a fish tank . There cannot be more than one fish tank per bedroom and tanks may not be kept in bathrooms . 
ugh ... only one more week ... NOOOOOOOOO . 
Every time I've said " This day can't get any worse ... " dun dun dun ! 
i hate my life (!) 
apparently it isnt just allergies . damn you common cold . 
wants to not have 8:00 classes 
has had her mac for a year , and didn't know until today that it came with a chess app . wow . 
has faith ... in her team !!! Come on !! 
Row , row , row your boatGently down the stream . If you see a crocodile , Don't forget to scream . 
will look on the bright side . " Wait ' til next year . " 
stupid school at 9 o clock and being responsible . this makes me so sad . 
2 wins in one day ?! one of the best days ever !!! 
totally did the right thing today . * gives self a pat on the back 
spends a little bit of everyday wondering " Gee , WTF am I doing with my life ? " 
is there a type of dyslexia but for numbers only ? 
ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
f . m . l !!!!!!!! 
no message could've been any clearer , " if you want to make the world a better place , take a look at yourself then make a change . " 
oh nooooooooooooooooooo 
so sad right now ... just so so so so so so so sad . 
Brrrrrr ...... 
is an underachiever ! (?) 
has decided that she no longer cares ! 
weekends go by wayyyyy too fast . 
I was angry with my friend ; I told my wrath , my wrath did end . ;D 
can't wait until this blasted horrible month is over ! 
is looking at all her little brother's candy and wishing she was ten years old again . 
The woods are lovely , dark , and deep , But I have promises to keep , And miles to go before I sleep , And miles to go before I sleep . 
is so glad caffeine exists . 
does not want to go to stanford because it means finishing all homework tonight . 
too much food ... 
8 o clock class ? fml ... 
loves her view of the school . :D 
it's that time of the year again , and I'm on facebook trying to evade the eminent doom called studying for midterms . 
tireeeeeeeeeed 
is finally going to get some sleep . YES ! 
finals and being sick - life is being so good to me . 
is starting to think productivity comes in waves ... very low frequency waves ... 
has no work ethic . 
Smarties are made in Canada ?!!! 
wishes there was a button to poke all her friends with one click . 
change of plans !! homeward tonight . :) 
depending on what standing means , julie fears that she may just be GORDONe for . 
headache ...! ouch . 
we spend a third of our lives asleep . :( 
is already bored of being home and it hasn't been a week . sighs * 
needs to learn how to sleep at night and not during the day . 
if my head wasn't attached to my body , i'm sure i'd lose that too . 
productivity evades me . 
Goodbyes are not forever . Goodbyes are not the end . 
??????????? 
"' til all my sleeves are stained red , from all the truth that i've said " 
why isn't the medicine workinggggggggggg ??????! 
risk nothing , gain nothing 
new year , new beginnings ? ... nahhhhhhh 
parrots are so fun ... when they're not biting you . :) 
curse you , cold weather ! 
Another , if I would , I could not find , And I am grown much older in a day . 
is sure math will be the death of her . 
that was an accident 
blue 
he's winnie the pooh , winnie the pooh , willy nilly silly old bear 
this year , my resolution is not to get sick . FAIL . 
the sky is crying . :( 
poncho and rain boots please ! i want to go play outside 
Without rain , there would be no rainbow . 
Paul Addleman and Leah Hartwick ARE AMAZING ! 
there aren't enough hours in a day 
thinking ahead hurts my head 
hates notification * spam 
do i use sarcasm at the wrong times ? " yes " 
is really starting to regret the coffee ... 
is officially burnt out - paper , please write yourself for me ? 
stop raining ! stop raining ! stop raining ! stop raining ! stop raining ! stop raining ! stop raining ! stop raining ! stop raining ! stop raining ! stop raining ! 
how does the cow jump over the moon , and why does the dish run away with the spoon ? 
happy new year ! :) 
is livin ' la vida loca !!!! 
RedBull gives you wings ! 
hates life !!!!!! 
nothing to stress about today . what a funny feeling . 
is going to regret procrastinating sooooo much tomorrow 
has a serious addiction to caffeine . 
is so excited for Alice in Wonderland ! 
Time needs to stop fleeting . 
congratulations julia for managing to get nothing done today ! 
Belief is a beautiful armor But makes for the heaviest sword 
darn germany and canada with all those golds ... 
school makes me die a little everyday ... 
been up for only 19 hours ... soooooo tired . Is this normal ? 
so many decisions to make , so little time ... 
nessun dorma !!! 
needs another pair of girls to get an apartment with next year . if you have anybody in mind , CALL ME ! 
dead week ... feeling kind of tired 
one would think after so many all-nighters one would learn their lesson and start early ... 
note to self : don't forget to schedule time to sleep 
sleep , let's strike a deal . i'll sleep twice as much as i owe you ... if you let me stay up for the next 5 days . 
32 hours studysprint to the finish ! 
anyone looking for apartment roommates ? 
boom . my gpa just imploded on itself . 
these facebook apps need to all be removed . 
1 ) you would think they would plan a 2-day weekend event for drake stadium any other weekend other than finals 2 ) you'd think that they'd put off construction for any week other than finals week 
noise cancellation + music = <3 
for the first time in my life , i am glad i showed up unprepared for a test . albeit it wasn't for a grade anyway 
life , can you stop destroying my life ! 
I like it on the coffee table . 
this summer is going to be amazing !!!! 
i need roommates . 
chowing down on food you made yourself is not the same ... 
whoa . 
is going back into the black hole . 
sitting in a very well lit room on campus wondering if the lightbulbs are CFLs ... probably not 
is at the Night Powell with Mackenzie Menia ! Study .... party ... 
spring quarter ? laughs hysterically * 
last one tomorrow . any motivational speeches for the burnt out ? 
@ Powell with Mackenzie !!! 
spring break is almost over ... WHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY ?????!!!!! 
i dont wanna grow old ... 
great day , yesterday . :D 
alllll nighteeeeeeerrrrrrrr 
sometimes things fall apart ... right ? 
this time in 48 hours ... 
still having 3 left is kind of ridiculous ... 
17 days ... the countdown begins ! 
so the birds know how to bark now ... i'm not sure if i'm okay with this ... 
It's starting to look a lot like summer ! :D 
killing baby seals for their fur , hunting polar bears , whaling , polluting ... as a species , we're just bad news . 
Cap’n Crunch’s full name is Captain Horatio Magellan Crunch . Isn't that cool ? 
is anyone free at 4:00 tomorrow ? i need a favor ! 
wants to go to the zoo and visit see the tree kangaroos . 
working on a class schedule is like playing jigsaw with your life . FIT TOGETHER , DAMNIT ! 
carrie underwood puts on one hell of a concert ! 
higher education is taking my sanity . 
" I had a nightmare about split ends . " " You need to get your priorities straight . " 
life satisfaction : 15% 
.... my life . 
knowing that i probably wont start being productive until midnight means knowing i'm going to seriously be paying for this at 3 in the morning ... 
Pixar , do you realize how far away June 18th is ? 
i managed to get nothing done today ! 
i just got slapped by life . 
Had a blast with Yvonne Liu at the Bowl and kind of wants to go off and look for snow leopards in Pakistan now ... 
who else is feeling burnt out ? 
whoops . 
if there were a way to simultaneously add more time to the day while not aging in the process ... 
good for nothing printer wont scan ! 
hm ... a fan ... where do I put it ? 
why ... caffeine , it's so nice to make your acquaintance . 
mismanaged her time . ahhhhhhhh 
by my desk 
tuesdays kill me a little every week . 
? i wanna be a billionaire ? so freakin ' bad ? TOO CATCHY 
who's still in westwood ? 
Row , row , row your boat , gently down the stream ... 
just watched Toy Story 2 again with Brieanne Painter ! Can't wait for Toy Story 3 !!!!!!! 
why are people already starting school ? 
@1215 walked out of the wooden center to the sight of a half-naked crowd chanting wooden . <3 
late nights and early mornings are the hardest to get through ... 
does anyone else always feel like they're running out of time ? crashing into deadlines ? 
i forget that normal people sleep at reasonable hours . oh , college <3 
I saw somebody today and was like ... wow , she's really short , and then I looked at our reflections on the glass door ... we were the same height . 
I'm already back to procrastinating . Why do I never learn ? 
torrential flood on Veteran . picture time ! 
Every time I read about the environment , I get really really sad . 
26 hours until freedom ! 
unwilling to return to school . week 1 , again ? 
i must've done something terrible , because karma's a bitch 
Time moves too fast . Where did the last 7300 days go ? 
oh , BP , i can't wait until you become a verb for " severely f***ed up , and blamed ' that ' guy " 
wow . famous people do go in threes . 
pumpkin cheesecake takes 4.25 hours . who knew ? apparently Bonnie Mac did . thanks for making me do all the work . ;) 
next 24 hrs : quiz , 3 hw assignments , and final --- What doesn't kill you makes you stronger !!! 
having a great time wall-spamming with Shireen Malek and Joe Casillas ! 
spends more time at Powell she spends sleeping at night ... 
i hate how they always choose to have campus events right before finals . 
abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz 
oh , common cold , how long has it been ? 13 months ? welcome back . 
" stop being a little bitch and just do it " said Mackenzie Menia . best motto ever <3 
A huge thanks to Justin Lam and Tom for taking the futon down 5 flights of Sproul stairs ! You guys are awesome ! :) 
conclusion : facebook is a voluntary invasion of privacy . 
time is not my friend . 
9 o clock bedtime sounds really good right now . 
It's just one of those days when nothing gets done ... 
????? 
and my 14 hour day continues ... 
how might i be able to nab a raccoon dog ? hm ... 
there's nothing good about getting your finger bitten by a parrot ... 
got my index finger chomped on by a parrot . one thing to be thankful for : it's still numb 
back ! 
??, you're my hero ! 
what is up with frogs and purple nation ? CRUSH ' EM ! 
do normal people think before they speak , speak before they think , or speak while they're thinking ? 
won monopoly tonight ! nothing feels sweeter than owning the whole block . muahahaha ... 
These Covel study room walls are paper thin . Dear girls next door , I don't care what " He " texted you nor do I care how you interpreted it . Your " who made out with whos " and what's " SO A THING " are distracting me . 
thus far ... last summer > this summer 
Approximately 400,000 people live in Brunei Darussalam , and I didn't even know of it's existence until today . fail . 
cat chased squirrel . cat perhaps caught squirrel . squirrel was perhaps eaten by cat . cat & squirrel are not friends . 
guess who's done ! muahahaha ... 
always running out of time . always . 
if the mind is a muscle . and studying is like running . would brains sprint study and take a lot of breaks or marathon study and take no breaks ... 
FINALLY watched Inception ! Kind of want to watch it again ... 
hakuna matata means no worries ! 
i keep thinking an earthquake is happening . there is no way that is normal . 
I kind of want a Lots-o-Huggin Bear ... mmm smells like strawberries ! 
thank you , betty crocker and duncan hines for saving me from sifting flour , you have no idea how much i've grown to appreciate this . 
now i know why tom hanks in castaway became friends with wilson , the volleyball . 
loves Summer ! 
weekend , why arent you here yet ? 
at Powell ( hardly studying ) with Sam Tamashiro ! 
feels a little giddy every time she presses the hide button on people with REALLY annoying status updates every 5 minutes . 
whooooo , thunderstorms on tuesday . EXCITING ! 
The average person laughs 13 times a day . WHAT ?! 
i dont know how my family enjoys ufc ... 
what is up with this weather , westwood ? 
??????? ?????? 
they better not include the epilogue in the last harry potter movie . that'd just be as lame ... as the actual epilogue . 
is having a great time with her language partner Lee Shing Yan ! 
???????????? 
???????? txt ??? grrrr 
good work ethic , why do you evade me so ? 
dear musical singing neighbors , tune it down . 
being locked out takes such a different meaning when you no longer live on the hill 
in times of great academic peril , i always ask myself , " WHYYYYYYYYYYYY ?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! " but i never get an answer . 
3rd year ? where did all the time go ? i want it back ! 
??????????????????????????????????? ?????? 
it's kinda cold outside . 
is finally actually on summer break ! feels odd ... 
Facebook tells me to " Reach Out " and " Say hi . " by writing on your wall . 
why do textbooks describe graphs on one page but put the actual graph on the next page where you cant see it while reading the text ? 
week zero preparing to destroy my summer . 
i should be at home eating moon cake and drinking tea with the fam . curse you , fall quarter ! 
So over this rain . It needs to stop . 
loves modern family . 
my neighbor is laughing like a madman . i'm sort of scared for my life . 
I kinda miss B.O.O.T. 
apple just covered my laptop repair <3 
Freshman are so excited about class . Amusing but very annoying . 
Could sleep , OR could stay awake and be SOOOO academically productive ... decisions , decisions . 
????????????????? 
It's already september ? Where did the summer go ? 
Pokemon : preteens going off into the wild and battling strangers ? Somehow that doesn't make much sense . 
does anyone still remember the " superpoke " app ? oh jeez . 
when the parrots think i'm spending time with the dogs , they start barking ... 
They should've had a GE requirement on time management skills , because I never learned any . 
Is Powell-ing it up , once again . Yay , school . 
they should find a way to genetically modify bears to make them smaller . i want a pet bear ... would totally name it Teddy . 
????????????????????? ??? 
pshhh all you people going out ... My midterms , quizzes , homework , 250 pages of reading and I CURSE YOU ! 
feels bad everyone who wore flipflops to class and also feels bad for everyone without an umbrella today ... well ... NOT really 
i hate that feeling ... where you think you're almost ready for a midterm , and then you start reviewing the day before and suddenly feel completely unprepared . 
really starting to miss Sproul 5 South 09-10 ... and swipes , of course . 
i have a hard time getting over the fact that there will be no polar bears in 50 years . 
something about wednesdays and antiproductivity ... 
we're sick like animals , we play pretend 
is not a fan of " See Friendship " 
powell , we meet again . 
thank you , time warner . i really appreciated the 3-day internet outage . 
mow your lawn , rent a goat . never thought of it . 
" workaholic : one who is addicted to workahol " cleeeeverrrrrrr 
steelers lost AND i'm back at school . ugh . 
great day catching up with Vivian Lam and Brieanne Painter ! oh yeah , and harry potter was AWESOME . 
can we just fast-forward and see how this all ends ? 
my dear macbook pro , please dont be irreparable , my life would suck without you . 
?????????? muahahahaha 
Dinner and Mamma Mia with Anne Pham and Amy Chen . LONG OVERDUE !!! 
being busy is too much work 
????... 
sometimes while studying , i wonder if i will retain or use any of this ever again 
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand back to the books . goodbye , thanksgiving weekend . hello , finals . 
kpop is really catchy . 
Is going to Utah to take care of shelter animals this Spring Break and I think Mackenzie Menia , Vivian Lam , and YOU should sign up to go ! 
too much " nomnomnom " happened today 
finals .... should i be more stressed out about this ? 
let it snow , let it snow , let it snow 
I love Christine Kitkat :) 
curse you , time warner 
study time with Vivian Lam ! 
bruincast means not going to class and watching the lecture at 12:24 in the morning . a ; klsdjfa ; a . ; , gjv a ; fgja ; hn 
Why did I just have to drink the coffee ?! 
oddly enough , academic health > physical health 
I'm so good at breaking things , I even broke my foot . :D 
loves my older sis ! 
apparently , crutches make fun toys for those who don't actually need them . 
Bose earphones : didn't know I needed them until I tried them . 
being an adult requires too much work and paperwork 
[ ? ] have lunch in my apartment with a squirrel 
just had the best time with Rebecca Toda talking about everything and nothing . <3 
one hour less . sigh * 
so much yelling 
wonders if/how this whole video scandal is going to affect our incoming class of freshmen . 
goodbye , winter quarter ! 
fully recovered !! 
i knew better ... 
OHHEY Cameron Moore's on UCLAradio right now . Go listen ! 
The longer I'm in school , the more stupid I feel . 
wake up in the morning feeling like pdiddy ? 
smells like strawberries . :D 
many an all-night i have spent realizing i should've started studying much much earlier , still this lesson has not been learned 
Was going through the " Notable deaths of 2011 " slide , and found out that Brian Jacques died in February . :( 
Pressed the ' Reply All ' button on accident . I totally get why it can be problematic now . 
they have a youtube video for everything . 
so many things to get done , so much time already squandered ... 
they're doing a TED event at UCLA in june ! 
wth , facebook . what is this message-chat hybrid cr*p ?! 
adele is only 23 ??! what ?! 
3rd year is almost over ? Where did all that time go ? 
