Next few days are going to kill me 9 hours of a day and up going to die !!!!!!!!! 
is being driven crazy can't get my online banking account to work grrrrrrrr try tomorrow 
DAY OFF YES WHOOOOOOO HOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!! 
back to work I go !!!!!!! 
Is off of work and out for the day whooo hoooo 
is not feeling well right now 
is bored 
2 weeks til I have 7 days off who hooooooo 
is dying 
Missing my boyfriend ! get to see him on monday if not sunday if he comes to the water park with me 
is saying why can it not be next week already 
is dying of working to much need time off next month can't wait 
Happy 4th of July everyone !!!!!!!!!!! I will be at work all day 
Families in town 
is dying being sick sucks 
I survived work yeppie all starts again tomorrow 
Hi everyone . I am wondering if anyone can help me out . My bf and I are heading to new york Sept . 30 it's a wed . need to be at airport at 4:30 pm then coming back Mon Oct . 12th at 9:44 am if anyone can help me out I would appreciate it . I can give some gas money out if you can take us . That can be negotiated when I hear that I have ride . If anyone can help me out please write back asap thank you 
17 more days til my family comes down 
is excited for many reasons and a little nervous 
.... hmmm let me think I have no clue how I am does anyone else know ? 
is excited for many resons and a little nervous 
can't with for my vacation . a month to go 
Halloween a week away can't wait going to have so much fun ut have to fing my two chargers for my cameras 
Going to New York today !!!!!!! 
feeling as bad as yesturday hopefully sleep will help 
Vacation Tomorrow !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
can't wait til my vacation 
I don't want to go back to floida . I want to stay on vacation but back to florida I must go and back to work I go see everyone at work tuesday 
is trying to feel better 
hmmmmm I heard that johnny depp is going to be the riddler for the new batman movie That is going to be interesting since I couldn't see him doing that scene . but then again I still think Jim carrey was the best riddler 
Happy thankgiving everyone 
uneventful day today 
need to start looking for a new car that I can get mine is a piece of crap but I have no clue on cars so sad 
going out with jarrett on his birthday 
One day off and back to work yuppie so sad 
I got a honda element today so happy 
got Got the next 10 days in a row working :( 
another week almost past but still more work to do 
another long day at work tommorrow then my birthday the next day hopefully I can survive tommorrow 
My birthday finally here yay days off won't be back to work til saturday ! thanks everyone for the happy birthdays ! 
sneaking up behind you ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh heeheeheehee 
run for your lives it's the chupacabra ! ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! run away run away 
Is in new york and it's cold very cold 
run away ! run away ! 
going to halloween horror nights . Can't believe I am going to it oh my god people are going to scare me i am going to cry and they r going to laugh why did I agree to go with them grrrrrrrrrrrr . Hopefully it won't be that bad at least I won't see chucky not going into any of the haunted houses hopefully but they might be better then the streets hope I survive tonight 
My boyfriend is the most hot , attractive , nicest , honest , most awesome person in the world . I promise from now on I won't walk with a frown on my face because being around him makes me smile ! ... P.S. This is really Amanda . 
days off wooooooooo hoooooooo 
Day was fun today 
stupid boyfriend hacked my facebook 
day off time to relax hopefully 
finding a second job is hard so sad really need one 
Days off yays ! 
dizzy and lightheaded since I woke up don't like the feeling 
Vacation starts now 
" I changed my profile picture to my favorite Verragio engagement ring and now I am one step closer to winning a Verragio Engagement ring ! Become a fan of Verragio , change your profile photo and post this as your status to be eligible to win one of ten exquisite 18K gold and diamond engagement rings ! http://www.facebook.com/Verragio " 
short day due to severe headache 
Hey if anyone can take me to the airport on June 2nd Wed . I need to be there at 8am or earlier . if anyone can please tell me at work or write back asap . Please I need help getting to the airport I don't care how early I get to the airport thank you please help 
Survived Work today 
wanting to kill my stomach today die stomach die 
Heading over to tattoo place now 
Waiting at the airport dont want to go back 
its an eeyore type of day for me 
I got almost everything pack 
in new york now 
on my way to the airport 
Home 
going to have fun in a couple of days 
i got the red wii for christmas so happy now to get the wii fit and a couple more games 
Found out what is causing my dizziness . Supid sun stupid heat and stupid humidity . Did I say Stupid heat 
I want my vacation 
Hi everyone HI I am just wondering if anyone could take me . It will just be me on June 2nd to get me to the airport I cna give you all the flight information when you get back to me . I need help asap but the day I leave is a wed . June 2nd the plane leaves at 11:25 am I need to be at the airport by 9:00 am please can somebody help me write back if you can 
So yeah my one foot has stop hurting me for now but now my other foot heel is killing me 
I feel worse then yesturday grrrrrrrrrrrrr thank god it happened early this time so I could call out of work then ros 
so got the outline done now in two weeks i am getting it filled in so right now you can see stitch under the cobra 
Cant wait to move back to ny do not want to stay in florida anymore to got among other things 
Too hot today was dying outside today 
Second job search today 
can't wait for vacation 
confused about many things hopefully everything gets strighten out soon 
Just finished making my bag that was fun i think i am going to make more for a hobby to pass my time making bags and scrapbooking two fun things to do and keep me active 
And back to work i go tomorrow yippie why oh why do i have to be north side tomorrow 
hungry and bored 
Stitch is my favorite of all time yays 
Just watched avatar awesome movie so good but very sad 
So tired right now 
Going back to tattoo place tomorrow after my 4 hour shift at studios 
saw a dead river otter on the side of the road so sad stupid people watch when you are driving 
got my internet working on my laptop finally 
finished save the dates now to hand them out and to get stamps to send them out 
hope my coming days get alot brighter then they have been lately 
think I am going to see a couple of movies tomorrow 
Another long day at work welcome to my real monday 
Stupid rain never came so sad so hot today thought i was going to die 
Please let people be right and let it rain today i cant deal with the heat today 
Now to find people to take me to the airport on wed and pick me and jarrett up from the airport on saturday 
Another day at work hopefully overcast all day no sun 
so tired right now going to bed 
Very very tired 
My arm itches 
Day off what to do what to do 
Sleepy time 
Tomorrow i go to new york and i get to see jarrett tomorrow 
Getting a oil change 
head is killing me right now uggggggggggggh 
Lots of thinking to do since i can do something now i hope 
Is sleepy 
want to go home 
Anyone can take me to the airport next wed june 2nd need to be at airport at 8am please write back asap he you can need help please thank you 
tax return got accepted 
Can the first part of my day be over yet want to go back to bed 
think I found someone to pick me and my bf up from the airport but still need someone to take me to the airport on June 2nd . Need to be at he airport at 8:00 am dont care how earlier I get there please if you can help please let me know asap 
I think when it gets this hot outside everyone should be inside and not having to stand outside all day people could melt away out there 
very tired right now wish i was home and in bed sleeping but alsa i am still at work 
My sisters wedding is tomorrow 
Another day of boredom 
Jarrett is leaving for buffalo today then canada dont get to see him for 3 days so sad :( 
see i want to plan everything and someone wont let me keeps yelling at me to stop but she knows me to well for me not to stop 
One more day of work them vacation 
At star wars weekend 
5 days before vacation and still need a ride to the airport 
going to be a long day today 
Bored as of late 
Changes need to be made in my life starting today 
Back in florida so sad :( 
Getting closer to my vacation 
15 more days 
This is bad 4 days til i leave and still no ride to the airport if anyone can help please write me back 
You know after i got some bad news on wed i come to realize that i cant defend myself all that much you know that is going to change very soon you cant be to close to some people cause then they turn around and be not nice to you well i say he that happens then i will make the best of it but i will distance myself from those people i am a change person and if people dont like it then to bad deal with it 
My boyfriend is driving me crazy 
So I think someone tried to hack my account . idiot people who I don't know 
well couldn't get my tattoo done since tattoo artist wasn't there due to reasonable cause . So if he is there tomorrow I got to reschedule for another day so this helps so I can recover from this cough 
missing jarrett 
OK THIS IS THE LAST STRAW THIS TIME I AM GOING ON A DIET I'M GETTING SICK OF THIS CRAP HAPPENING TO ME . THE WEBSITE I WENT TO I JUST NEED TO GET PADDING IN MY SHOES REST PUT ICE ON MY FOOT AND SOME PILLS AND I SHOULD BE OK SO I GOT PADDING FOR MY SHOES A WRAP FOR MY FOOT NOW I ONLY NEED SOME SLIPPERS AND I BE SET AND I ALSO RECORD WEIGHT LOST 80 POUNDS I NEED TO LOSE SO PRAY TO GOD THAT THIS TIME I CAN STICK TO IT . 
Getting closer to my interview saw toy story 3 i didnt like it but good for kids 
Back to work i in ready to ask everyone for a ride if they can take me to the airport 
Going out with a long time friend 
Things are looking better for me slow but sure things will work out 
Found someone to take me to the airport 
Going to new york today yays ! 
lets see if this day is any better then yesturday 
Rain rain please rain all day today no sun i beg you dont be out to long today you are killing me and i have an eleven hour shift today 
another boring day nothing new and exciting 
Well i should know if i get the job by wed hope i get it 
bored want to go home dont want to work this second shift plus dont feel good 
Feeling much better today 
Does this day have to end 
Now if you see someone standing in the middle of the road what would you do go around them or run them over ? Run them over i say since that is what happen to me by a wheelchair today 
Well went looking at the houses near my house that are for sale say one that we both like now just need him to say lets get out of this house hopefully before halloween them i can do a halloween party 
I have an interview on friday really hope i get the job really need it 
This sucks it is way to hot outside where is the breeze at least stupid sun go away 
relaxing in new york still having a good time 
don't want to go back to Florida tomorrow want to stay here in new york so sad 
power went out need power 
To anyone interested I have changed my email address from aclark1985@yahoo.com to bunnies066@yahoo.com I will be deleting the other account 
Another short night for me but i had a good time 
I know before i leave florida i am going to get two new tattoos plus fix up the one i an getting a snake around my wrist and a butterfly on my hand then celtic symbol around stitch 
5 layers on and still cold 
I think my bf and i found a house that we like to get that we could afford 
Ok people i need help starting tomorrow i an going on a diet i need help by if you see me with to much fatting food stop me from eating it all i need to lose weight aiming to lord about 70 pounds help me stay motivated 
Guess i didnt get the job back to searching 
Working not so scary halloween party tonight 
sad and scared but please don't ask to why 
Is dying so hot outside stupid sun bring on the skin cancer that is most likely what i have still have to go see a doctor about it 
I love the people i work with they are the best meaning all of entertainment and photographers thanks everyone and the most thanks to the entertainment cast members who helped me out today 
I want a second job why is it so hard to find one 
My fridge is filled 
Its sad the person who i would love to help i cant help 
So i an thinking i want to do the not so scary halloween party this year thinking a tuesday or wed night anyone interested in joining me there i will let people know when the time gets closer just really would like to know if anyone is interested in going with me besides the bf 
tomorrow is my Friday 
Can my day be over with now want to go good and sleep 
going to be a long week 
I can't believe christopher lloyd 
played in the movie Piranha 3D 
I don't think I am going to make it til my doctor's appt . My coughing I swear is getting worse stupid cough stupid sickness I can't deal with this anymore grrrrrrrrrrrrrrr can it be 6:30 tomorrow already hope I get through work tomorrow 
So yes i need to lose 75 pounds to get to my ideal weight thinking positive i can do this got to keep this motivation with me at all times and avoid temptations of the food i love to eat 
Well not having the best of days hope my day looks up for me . 
Well so far coughing not that much i think it knows its going to be looked at by the doctor well today i should know what i have and how to deal with it 
going out to put some more applications tomorrow and going to see decpictical me can't spell so sue me u know what i am talking about 
Well going out to hard rock cafe 
My weekend is over now back to work lets see how bad this week is going to turn out . Hopefully not as bad as last week . but then again with my luck it will be the same without getting some things that I got last week which I will not say what for those who know then keep it to yourself for I really don't want it to come back to some people 
Is really not feeling well going home and laying down 
tis funny that i just got jury duty in Rochester NY I am not going to that one don't live there anymore told dad to fix it don't no why everyone wants me for jury duty bah humbug to them 
Bored right now thinking about school and my soon to be tattoos I know I am getting the snake on Sept . 9th then I think I am getting the butterfly in December . both are going on either wrist . Decided against the hand tattoo 
Very dizzy right now don't know why 
I want to go home can i go home yet ? 
my arm is killing me and the tattoo is still not done 
I wonder what happen on john young parkway today had to find another way to the loop man did i get lucky i found my way but at the end it was a waste of my time to go there but at least i got out of the house 
Wish i was home with the boyfriend we barley see each other anymore since our work hours are different 
Why do people try to friend you when they don't know the person they are trying to befriend when they know that when that person goes on that they will just ignore the person Never invite someone to your profile that you do not know if you question send them a message if you can or just ignore them but don't add anyone you don't know because you could regret it later 
At house of beer right now 
Doesnt know how she feels so sad bored right now 
Well i went to the tattoo place and he is going to draw something up for my arm 
Being out in the hot sun all day sucks 
Well my dad survived his knee replacement surgery 
Ten hour shift today going to die but today is my friday 
My foot is killing me I hate pain go away pain 
Feeling a little better then yesterday 
Bed time 
Movie scared the death out of me made it a little to good 
Getting in a better mood 
finally get food today yays ! 
is wondering where jarrett is so sad 
Ok so third day I called in to work sick still dying but only have a really bad cough and a little dizzy but otherwise fine . But I have taken three different medications and so far none of them has worked on this cough going to kill it it killing my throat . but I should be into work no matter what tomorrow since I have no freebies anymore 
very very tired right now 
Feet feel better right now 
Serving now wants to do something but doesnt know what to do or where to go 
jarrett and i decided that our wedding is going to be in niagra falls new york side now 
Stupid a@@ cars people dont know how to to drive 
Home nothing to do 
birthday is tomorrow and still don't know where i want to go at least i don't have to work 
one more day one more day one more day one more day .... 
At magic kingdom right now 
Want to go home now 
happy new years everyone 
Well no more dizziness but now there is pain in other places sucks to be me right now 
So today i am suppose to get my tattoo finished today 
Goodbye stitch hello snake 
Well i made a doctors appt tomorrow so its going to be another restless might tonight 
Found a shift at toontown to work on thursday 
Might be making my tattoo appt tomorrow he i have the courage to in there by myself tomorrow or i will wait til thursday to in and talk to him with jarrett 
Found a really good school for exotic wildlife training and management but it's in California and it's a 2 and a half year program 365 days a year to get my associate degree yes it's every day of the year but it would land me a job if I decide to go and do it and if I can afford it 
my pillow cases are getting it the black of my tattoo is going onto them so said maybe I can find a shirt that I don't care about to wear over it tonight 
Going to make my tattoo appt soon so i can get that finish and taken case of so my tattoo wont be faded anymore 
Do not like people who wear all black at night 
going to the not so scary Halloween party soon 
Is extremly tired hope to make it through the day 
Not a good day not a good day at all 
Going to tattoo place today to see what he did and to make appt 
Going to tattoo place tomorrow 
Well now we are at the house of blues 
Well going to the tattoo place after work today 
Two days before my tattoo gets done 
Well out of jury duty and did nothing 
So happy I got engaged 
Bored at the court house done nothing yet can this be over yet 
Feeling a little better today not as hot as i was yesterday so fever going down 
might jump the gun on feeling better I am starting to feel worse again arrrrrrrrrrgh this has got to go away I can't call in tomorrow 
hope it's fun working a not so scary Halloween party since I am working one tomorrow 
Oh my god this cough has got to go away its killing me 
Running out of food and cant go shopping til the 4th 
yup getting sick and fiance is really sick tis the season 
Not coughing as much as I use to yeppie finally getting over my sickness 
Thank you all for the likes and congrats 
So got 15 more minutes before they dismiss us or use us and noone was used so far waste of a morning 
It's the first year I ever missed the apple fest so sad 
So officially so I can look good in a wedding dress I am going to go on a diet . I got to push myself to exercise and eat right I need to lose about 70 pounds so I can get my wedding dress hope I can do it in a year . I already lost about 8 pounds so that is good for me now to lose the rest 
Happy halloween ! 
found the best site that sells cups and saucers and cake server sets awesome 
well this time around i went through the scanner wasnt bad very easy but now i waiting my plane says on time hope it does not get canceled with this snow 
so boring today 
starting of a 54 hour week yeppie hope it doesn't kill me 
At jury duty 
I hate this I get to report for Jury duty . I swear they need to learn to get volunteers to do jury duty for one thing I won't be a good jury I don't want o say guilty or not guilty that isn't my way I try to stay out of it . Stupid state getting me for jury duty on the same day as my party let's see if I can get out of it tomorrow 
i think today was the best work day i had in a long time 
trace adkins is going to be at epcot dec 19th to dec 21st excite 
d hopefully go see him since i can get in free 
Bored today 
better not be getting sick 
at work then heading to get supplies for save the dates 
Tattoo is done and it looks good 
to early and to cold to be at work park should not be open at this time to cold outside should say park close all day and everyone go home 
Made it 
shopping today woooo hoooo plus got my wii fit plus plus board now to ust set everything up 
home but still cold 
Working at mk today today 
merry christmas everyone 
its raining its pouring ... 
i am layered and still cold and numb 
have to go back to florida today so sad 
it's freezing and i have to stand outside all day warm up weather we don't want to be cold stupid cold stupid weather 
heading home then who knows 
I got the last how to train your dragon for the wii console at game stop they are sold out like everywhere and I finally got one plus for a cheaper price then some of the stores yeppie i am happy plus found the perfect wedding cake topper for my wedding and got it 50% off since I got it from disney 
missing jarrett wishing he come home soon 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes you are all awesome 
jarrett should be home today very excited to see him 
thinking she is doing something wrong this whole day to everyone 
errends to run today 
can it be thursday yet 
Just got my tax return done 
101 
going to the altamonte mall today 
still cold but should be ready 
my stomach is winning its killing me 
days just getting better and better .... not 
going to the park today yet disapointed that my camera didnt charge 
alcohol = 1 me = 0 
bored 
out of curiosity i went online to see what type of exotic animals were for sale in usa and cotton top tamerians came up there was three different sellers selling them but i think they were trying to sell to zoos or sanctuaries if not shame on them 
Back to work I go for another week need a second job anyone know anywhere that would be hiring ( without food ) that would let u work only two days ? 
well back to kissimmee I go today Jarrett will be back tomorrow 
so made it back to orlando from brooksville woke up and left at 430 in the morning made it at 530 here start work at 745 got here a little to early maybe i get an hour of sleep in the car before i work 
so tired 
interview then work hope it goe well today and i get good news 
computer is fixed so happy 
in 2 days the walking dead comes out on dvd cant wait 
finally got to pep boys left at 7:30 this morning got here at 8:45 stupid traffic never seen it like that in the morning 
so bored and lonely 
Since i called in twice more I once again can't transfer from photo pass got taken off the wiatlist for front desk grrrrrrrrrrr back to the drawing board 
Hey I am bowling in the bowl-a-thon for work . as well as Jarrett it is a charity that we do to help people . We both need at least $20.00 to bowl if anyone would like to donate please send me your email and I will send you the link I would need the donations by the end of march since we bowl by April 2nd Please help us raise some money for people who need it thank you 
had fun this time off spent it actually doing something fun and not being bored 
so yeah been thinking about my snake tattoo and thinking that it just looks a little undone . great work but needs more so maybe i was thinking on getting a sleeve done before i leave Florida get another cobra on my lower arm then combine it with lotus and a design to bring it all together for one big project it would look awesome but i know my mom will kill me 
oh got my hairpieces for my wedding 
