Hey Everyone ! Just joined Facebook ! Feel free to ask to be my friend if you know me 
Par-tay <3 
I LOVE the song Drops of Jupiter by Train .... " Tell me , did the wind sweep you off your feet ......... and did you miss me while you were looking for yourself out there .... " haha 
Shees ! I have such a freakin busy summer , I dont have time to hang out with friends ..... although there is that plan to hide in my friends car and go back to MI .... 
Just wanted to let everyone know I was in a minor car accident on the way home from swim today . I am fine and my driver is fine too , but I thinkwe both will have some nasty bruises . No concussions though , so I think we are good . 
Ever notice how a little good news makes a whole day epic ? :D 
is thinking about her future right now . ' Cause I'm deep like that ;) 
Awesome time at the party tonight ! I love all of you who know what I am talking about :) 
is gonna drop 5 lbs this swim season hopefully :) 
Swim Banquet and a Party today ........ homework ..... house cleaning .......... sheesh this is one hectic day ! 
Social Dance <3 
Just figured out that she gets about 4 exercise seasons a day . Yay . 
Lagoon tomorrow :D 
Rrrrrrr I dislike fasting . 
Well life has just pulled a fast one on me . To all you Gator swimmers who weren't at practice today ........ JOSH LEFT GATORS SWIM TEAM . I am in shock :( 
* sigh * I HATE HOMEWORK WITH THE DEPTHS OF MY HEART !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I just joined , like , a MILLION fan pages ....... I feel at whole with the world ...... haha jk . 
Alright ! Now that Easter is almost over i shall now proceed to do 1,000 pushups to work off the chocolate ! haha :) 
I just found out that June 5th is the Festival of Popular Delusions day . I feel slightly offended . 
So I am NOT looking forward to Trek on Monday ...... hiking 5 miles ( at least ) a day up in the mountains ..... not exactly my idea of fun ...... but I am spending time with my friends so it's all good I guess . 
:) awake at 11 o clock with 6 o clock practice tomorrow ... stupid soda 
Guys my schedule has changed a bit , I am taking Social Dance 3rd hour . 
States was a blast . Although I still feel like Saturday Finals shoulda been canceled ..... 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA ! My day has been made ! 
' Cause we belong together now , yeah , Forever united here somehow , yeah , You got a piece of me , And honestly , My life would suck without you 
Church is totally boring when none of the other Mia Maids are there ....... worse than usual haha 
Alice In Wonderland + Wizard Of Oz + Sky View Orientation = WIERDEST DREAM EVER 
Ever wonder if you have the same birthday as a famous person ... well I have the same birthday as Draco Malfoy . I don't think anyone else born on June 5th is more famous then him haha 
Hot chocolate is the best thing ever ! 
Less than a week before my teammates become my rivals and my ex-teammates become my team ..... life is gonna get intresting haha :) 
Singing a song that's for sure gonna get stuck in my head ..... hehe remember Teenage Dream Hailey Pabst ? ;) 
I got my new swim gear bag !!!! I now have something to carry all my swim stuff and sweats in :) 
So energized ! Tomorrow is my last day at school for a while !!! 
Spring Break is sooooooooooooooooooooooooooo boring this year !!!! 
Life is good , at least it's at its best for me . 
Starting Marlins today !!!!! 
Spring Break is for staying up ' till midnight and waking up at noon ...... so mom please let me sleep . haha ;) 
Hey , if anyone out there has some awesome songs that they think I should listen to please comment ! I need some new music for my Ipod . 
Planning some soon-to-be trips is fun ! 
Today I got called both cute and weird ......... haha 
Yikes ! I cut my hair ! And it is wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy shorter ! Love it though and I can't wait for you guys to see it !!! 
I just started watching the movie Remember Me and it already seems so sad ! :( 
* sigh * Another two hour swim practice ahead of me ......... I think it should go back to being and hour and a half ..... because as if that wasnt hard enough !!!! 
I can't wait ' till school starts ! ( Yes I sound insane , I know ) 
Voice sounds very hoarse 
* sigh * My parents are making me be in the Health Days parade tomorrow . I get to join the Gators swim team in throwing out candy . Joy . 
is ready for Girl's camp tomorrow ! 
So .................. tired ............. vacation homework .......... can't fall asleep ..... zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
My mom is making sign up for summer camps ..... doesnt she get the swimming takes up enought of my time ! * rawr * 
No swim practice today ! I really don't like it when Coach Josh has us do strength training . 
Yikes ! School is tomorrow and everyone is going to see my awesome spikey hair ! 
I found something strange on Wikipedia today . Supposedly in Swimming " Height is generally considered advantageous in swimming . Taller swimmers with longer arms are able to achieve better leverage , hence more acceleration , in the water . This is especially true for freestyle . " And in Artistic Gymnatics " It is advantageous to be shorter " So why was I better at Swimming then Gymnatics ? * confused * 
I am super excited for this school year ! Gonna be a Sophmore ! WHOO ! :) 
Swim meet Friday ! But I have to swim the 1500 . Joy ......... 
SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO BOREDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD ! 
I am so bored ! Grrrrrrrrrrr , I havent done anything this spring break ! 
So freakin ' tired ! Note to self : Never to Seeley homework at 12 in the Morning ... even if it is extra credit ! 
HAWAII !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Surfing lessons were awesome and I haven't gained weight , despite all the food ! So far , so good ....... ;) 
Wow all of my friends have had some awesome parties .... it's making me rethink whether I should celebrate my birthday this year like I usually do , or with a party ... 
Hum Dee Dum :) 
The Spanish Trip to El Toro Viejo is today ! I can't wait ! 
Swim practice didn't suck today ! Misson accomplished . 
Sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo ... etc . tired !!!!! I was kinda sick this morning and that wore me out !!!! Stupid sea water , the salt is killing my throat ! 
Birdseye view , awake the stars ' cause they're all around you , 
Wide eyes will always brighten the blue , 
Chase your dreams , and remember me , speak bravery , 
Because after all those wings will take you , up so high , 
So bid the forest a fond goodbye , as you brace the wind and , 
Take to the sky 
:D 
Actually got a good night's sleep for ONCE !!!!! 
Working at the library on my birthday ? Really Mom ? 
I AM BACK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Life absolutely SUCKS today ! GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR ! Alright , I feel much better now , haha . 
Joy . Injury doesn't feel good , even if it's only small . Let's add this to the list of things in my life going wrong . 
Ahh life sucks . 
Gosh , I NEED to get a new picture for my profile :p 
I don't wanna go on Trek ! But my parents probably will make me ......... hmmm maybe I will get " sick " ...... ;) 
" And she ain't shy , apparently " haha 
Ugggg ...... When I eat after fasting I always pig out ....... 
Got to sleep in today , had a awesomely fun time at the dance last night , and dont have almost any homework . Life is good haha :) 
Not to brag ....... I FINALLY BEAT THE 6:00 IN THE 500 FREE !!!! :D 5:58 baby :) 
Got my sweet new bed covers . They are absolutely gorgeous and 100% me !!! I love them :) 
Sundays are the most boring days of the week . 
" I can't remember when the Earth turned slowly , So I just waited with the lights turned out again . I lost my place , but I can't stop this story , I've found my way , but until then , I'm only Spinning . Spin beneath the rooftops , Hold On , Wait until the room stops .... Spinning . " 
" Chloe : One who is incredibly short but has the cuteness to fill up a cyclops . Often moves like an ungraceful fairy but is lovable none the less .... " urban dictionary.com 
Haha my cheeks are all swollen so now I have an ice pack wrapped around my head . This is the joys you people who haven't gotten your wisdom teeth out have to look forward to X ) 
is getting excited , cause ' there's only 4 more days of school ! 
Tryouts tomorrow ...... :/ 
Facebook is for 2 kinds of people . Those who have no life and those who choose to procrastinate while you are supposed to be doing something else . ;) 
Sooooooooooo tired ...... why can't I ever get sleep ! 
Ahhh ....... practice was intresting . 
" Do ya ... do ya love me ? Anyway ... I'd like to think so , Do ya like the way I go all shy , I just can't look you in the eye , I'd like to think so , will you stay here for a while , so I can watch you when you smile , I'd like to think so ... " 
" ... They say that it's just a phase , They tell me to act my age , Well I am , On this perfect day , Nothing's standing in my way , On this perfect day , When nothing can go wrong , It's the perfect day , Tomorrow's gonna come too soon , I could stay , forever as I am , On this perfect day " 
I am never gonna be able to wait until next Tuesday :p 
The parade was much more fun then I thought it would be ! haha 
is Statusless at the moment , thank you very much ! haha jk 
Sundays ....... that one day of the week you can sit back and think about how complicated your life has been lately . haha jk 
I need to talk to some of my close friends RIGHT NOW 
All in favor of going to a movie next week say " I " haha 
Who wants to go see Tron on friday ? Message me if you want to go or comment . 
Is thinking of going to EFY .... who's going when ? 
I am so freakin tired ! 
Who knows me best ? my Full name , Age , Birthday , Eye color , Bestfriend , & nickname ! Copyto your status & see who knows you best ! 
Is , frankly , irritated at some people for not telling her they were going to Oktober fest . You people ........ 
* sigh * 
Fell down the stairs yesterday when I tripped on my flip flops . This is what I mean when I say that I am clumsy ! 
This is one of the cutest songs ever and one of my favs ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ur0RMitdArc 
Swimming+Running+ Just Dance 2+ not enough sleep = Slightly sick Chloe . :p 
Here's the deal everyone , I took my story off of Facebook for copywrite reasons . If anyone wants a sneak peek though , feel free to let me know and I will send you an email . 
PASTA PARTY :DDDDDD 
Grrrrr ... packed schedule tomorrow .... gonna be late for a party because of it . :p 
So if you want to go to the dance the real open dancing starts at 8 45 with dance insturuction at at 8 . 
Had a GREAT DAY !!!!! Sadly , I am feeling homesick for Michigan . Kinda ruined the end of the day , but oh well . 
Working on one of those Tag pictures ......... it's harder than I thought ! 
I'm only human . I make mistakes . But if you can't handle me at my worst , then you don't deserve me at my best . Vain maybe . But a truth . Haha I am feeling inspirational tonight I guess . 
Concessions tonight at the game . Yay . My life is complete . 
How is it that I can still be tired/sad , even on a fabulous day ? Must be the exhaustion from swimming getting to me . 
is FREAKING OUT BECAUSE SHE HAS A B+ IN MATH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I BROKE MY IPOD :( It can be sent in to get fixed , but it will be a couple of weeks . I don't think I can wait that long ! 
is for some reason in the best mood :D 
Ahhh feeling much better thanks to some sleep . I can feel the stitches in my mouth and they are bothering me so bad ! Haha I still have only eaten a smoothie and some water though , and don't feel eating anything else .... it's weird cause I love food haha 
Hmmm I need to chat with someone ... 
is ready for a summer of volunteer work and swimming . Sort of . 
" Let's get it started .... HAH ...... Let's get it started in here .... " -Black-Eyed Peas , Let's Get it Started 
" My momma told me don’t lose you , ‘cause the best luck I had was you , I said Hey I'll be gone today , But I'll be back all around the way , It seems like everywhere I go , The more I see the less I know , But I know one thing , That I love you " Say Hey , Michael Franti 
5 Days before I school I get to get Surgery . Oh that is going to be so much FUN :P 
Such a freakin long swim meet ! 
Last day of swim team before break :) Don't worry though , Mike , I will be practicing next week . 
Mmm did pretty good at the meet .... no best times though . It's all good because the Girls took 1st place ! Oh and the guys did pretty good with a 2nd place as well . ;) 
YES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I got an new Ipod Touch ! Apparently , Apple couldn't fix my old one so they sent me a new one ! I am happy haha . 
Maddi , I ment it ! I am gonna teach you how to play poker tomorrow ! :) 
Hmmm it feels good to actually be enrolled in a class at USU ..... even if it actually is at Sky View haha 
Why is it everyone has to have a boyfriend/girlfriend ? Honestly ?! 
I've got drivers ed tomorrow followed by my permit test . I am super excited ! 
Drivers ed must be the most boring class in the world ! 
Hmmmmmmmm I am thinking I wanna put streaks in my hair again ........... expensive but SO worth it . The real question is what COLOR ??? ;) 
Summer has sadly been boring so far . 
I passed my Photo State Test !!!! Did pretty well for not studying too ! 
WHOO the Stomp was a party ! Everyone who didn't go .... we are TOTALLY going next time ! 
is totally psyched for her b-day ..... but still insists that her friends don't have to get her anything no matter how bad they want to ....... Maddi , Rachel ..... haha jk 
Whoo top 25 in both my events for the entire state :) Yay Swimming ! 
has decided that she needs to find some people to hang out with before she dies of boredom . 
I get a break from swimming ! :) I can finally start spending time with friends more often 
Hmmmm so I threw up , transfered teams , and was grounded all in one day . Not the best day of my life ...... haha all's good though :) 
My head , throat , and body hurts . Yet I feel accomplished ..... hehe dropped 4 seconds on my 500 Freestyle again and a couple tenths on my fly . Not to mention a 1:00 on my 100 Freestyle Relay !!!! Boys took second overall , and we chicas ' took first . Great job to EVERYONE !!!!! 
Wisdom Teeth Surgery tomorrow . Oh and for those of you wondering , yes , my Mom Is going to tape me :p 
I must say , Letters to Juliet might be the best chick flick I have ever been to . Thanks for the b-day messages everybody ! I really appreciate it ! 
* RAWR * I am kinda mad at the dentist right now for drilling into my jaw bone . 
is feeling better :) 
final cuts friday for swimming . I DONT WANT TO WAIT THAT LONG !!!!!!!!!! D: 
is tired , even though I slept in till noon . 
Friends .... they are there for you if you need to spill your guts out about something or if you just want to party <3 
Hmmm I'm in the mood for ........ pizza haha 
Ahhh swimming starts tomorrow . Not to sound crazy , but I miss it !!!! 
doesn't know why but she really want to go to Lagoon ......... 
feels like someone punched the back of my head and then cracked the top of my neck bone . owwwwww 
I have never been more thankful to see a shower in my life !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Swimming with the Marlins tomorrow .... uggg so outa shape from these last 3 days of non-stop eating :) 
Possibly one of the scarier Lie to Me episodes , only scary because of the creepy voice . But I still loved the episode : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hiwYrogZAb0 
Well ............ sorry swimmers who weren't at practice this morning . We went to IHop haha ! Uggg I am so full I could pass out . Of course , eating an apple right when I got home might not have been the best of ideas either ....... 
I got my permit !!!! WHOO ! I can drive legally now !!!! 
I have decided watching America's Next Top Model may not be good for my self-esteem haha 
The Demolition Derby was absolutely EPIC !!! Haha whats even better are GIRLS won the Car Derby and Free-For-All contest haha :D 
Put this as your status and see what people rate you : 1 = crazy : 2 = i'd marry you : 3 = talkative : 4 = sarcastic : 5 = i miss you : 6 = club head : 7 = moody : 8 = dumb : 9 = mouthy : 10 = spoiled : 11 = random : 12 = hot : 13 = funny : 14 = fit : 15 = amazing : 16 = tough : 17 = cute : 18 = gf/bf type : 19 = player : 20 = i love you ! 
Okay so I went and saw Eclipse . The BEST part of the movie was when Jacob was like " After all , I am hotter than you . " Sappy romance , so of course I loved it . Thought the movie Knight and Day was just as good , if not , better though . 
started writing a book on this idea I have had for awhile . Hoping it turns out well :p 
Hmm .... what to do tomorrow ...... 
What kind of mask do you wear ? -- My Result : Innocence . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/141089/referrals/status?aid=100000835917136 
Trek is tomorrow . :p Walking 14 miles up a mountain . joy . ;) 
just discovered she has bruises on her spine ... probably from doing situps 
The 4th = Fireworks , and loads of food . I need to go exercise before I gain 20 lbs :p 
School clothes shopping with Maddi :D 
Hmmmmmmmmmmmm so I told Coach Yolanda I had taken 52 strokes during a sprint 50 in a meter pool . Then Jake goes and says " 52 strokes ? Wow . " And Yolanda says " Hey she has short arms . " Thanks Yolanda , I really appreciate that haha 
Some of the 333 Ways to Get Kicked Out of Wal-Mart : 
#41 : Dress up in a trench coat & wear sunglasses . Walk up to someone browsing and say " The rooster is in the nest " Wait for a reply . After they finish talking , hand them a cap gun and whisper " use this wisely . " 
#10 : Hide between clothing and then jump out and yell " PICK ME " 
" I don’t wanna dance 
You blew your chance 
To rock my night away 
I want some fun 
But you’re so not the one 
I don’t wanna dance 
So let it go ... " 
I get to see some old friends this summer ! :D I am freakin out for when they come out !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
mmmm ....... pasta <3 
hehe ahhh swim team , how I have missed you . 
mmmm .... life is confusing 
Whoo ! It's the day before Christmas ..... also known as the longest day of the year :p 
" Alright everyone . I wanna spend winter break in MI !!!!!!!!!! Who disagrees haha " 
haha a kid threw up in sacrament today . Poor boy , and then my mom was like " Let's go home , I feel sick . " My mom is squeimish . 
It's a really sad day when you have a song stuck in your head that just isn't good . 
Lol I love it when you try and text people about someting sort of urgent and they just ignore you :p 
We need to go out and see Vampires Suck this week ! 
" ... My pulse shoots straight up to the moon , when you're in the room .. and it's all because of you , my friends say I'm crazy , they all try to save me , there is nothing they can do , everyone else is boring , not even worth ignoring , it's just what i'm addicted to ... " 
Ahh one of those days :p 
is getting psyched for swimming states coming up in a couple weeks . 
Is getting excited for school even though it's like a month away . Sad to say , but I am tired of summer . 
The dance was a complete PARTY !!!!! We need to have those more often . Oh , and for all of you who know what I am talking about , I do NOT have a boyfriend . Just to clear some things up 
" I'm just your average , ordinary , everyday , superhero ...... " Love that song haha :D 
At lagoon : Bre " Don't worry Chloe , you won't get very wet on Rattlesnake Rapids " Me after Rattlesnake Rapids : " Bre , my shirt is , like , clinging to my skin ! I'm soaked ! " 
Three weeks :p 
How are you guys getting on powerschool ???? It keeps saying error :( 
I went biking down to Sky View today , and Lexie wanted to go see the Gators Practice , because she's intrested in joining . I didn't even realize I wore my Marlins State Shirt haha . I got many glares from Mark and the rest of the guys , a couple " CHLOES !!!! " , and a few smiles . I don't know whether to feel loved or hated :) 
It's offical ( Sort of ) . I am 8th in the State of Utah for fastest time in the 400 IM for 15 and older girls . :D 
Sky View Sophmore Orientation is exactly 1 month from today . I don't know whether to be excited or bummed . 
I get my schedule soon :D super excited for school 
I did pretty dang good at the swim meet . Made the 200 fly state time so i guess that's 2 . But I still have a meet tomorrow :p 
:) 
Mushy Food is tasty :) 
Just got back from states . Tell ya how I did tomorrow ...... 
" You stole my happy , You made me cry , Took the lonely and took me for a ride .... You had my heart , now i want it back , I'm starting to see everything you lack , Boy you blew it , you put me through it , I wanna undo it ! " Possibly one of the best country songs ever :) 
:( 
" And suddenly I become a part of your past , I'm becoming the part that don't last , I'm losing you and its effortless , Without a sound we lose sight of the ground , In the throw around , Never thought that you wanted to bring it down , I won't let it go down till we torch it ourselves , And everyone knows I'm in , Over my head " 
WHOO ! Just got some great news , so I am so freakin ' happy ! :D :D :D 
Quad Stake Dance on the 14th everyone ... at least as far as I know 
is in a simply cheerful , happy mood . :D 
I am going to be put asleep for my surgery this friday . No one should call or text me that day cause I am going to be in Lala land for basically all of friday 
" ... Tell my mother , tell my father , I've done the best I can , to make them realize , this is my life , I hope they understand , I'm not angry , I'm just saying , sometimes goodbye is a second chance ... " 
AHHHHHHH State is coming up and I am getting excited ! I have a sneaking suspicion I will beat my best times in the 200 fly and 400 IM :D 
I wanna see Step Up 3D tonight . Anyone wanna go see it with me ? 
Grrrrrrr , up at 5:40 AM for swim practice .... and this is taper . So freakin tired :p 
Mom's angry because apparently the college math at Sky View is full and shes blaming it on me for not passing the test during the school year . :p 
So , after swim practice , a friend showed me some cool robotics . Thanks Ben Stewart !!! 
I just got a new phone and need everyone's number !!! Please comment with your number below . 
just found out she's gonna need wisdom teeth surgery very soon . Oh the happiness that is in my heart right now :P 
Hug A Swimmer Day is Wednesday !!! Now , some of you may wonder why there is a day dedicated to hugging swimmers ...... it's because we are just awesome like that . Be there or be square !!!! ( Although why being square is a bad thing , I am not sure ... ) 
I slept in till 3 in the afternoon :D 
My mouth hurts , and I am extremely drowsy . I don't feel like eating at all and it's all that sedation's fault . Blah 
now be speakin ' the tongue of Pirate ! 
now be speakin ' the tougue of Pirate 
: l 
Dude : " So when is the swim season over ? " Me : " It's never over . " Dude : " What do you mean ? " Me : " We get a 2-3 week break in August , and sometime in Spring . " Dude : " Oh . " Me : " Yeah . " 
Can anyone name this song ? 

Where are you now ? 
As I'm swimming through the stereo 
I'm writing you a symphony of sound 
As I rearrange the songs again 
This mix could burn a hole in anyone 
But it was you I was thinking of .. 
Hmmmm . 
You're not alone , 
Together we stand , 
I'll be by your side , 
You know I'll take your hand , 
When It gets cold , 
And it feels like the end , 
There's no place to go , 
You know I won't give in , 
No I won't give in , 
Keep holding on 
Throat hurts really bad ..... I REALLY hope I am not getting sick 
Do YOU love your neighbor ? 
" We are all a little weird and life's a little weird , and when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours , we join up with them and fall in mutual weirdness and call it love . " by : Unknown 
is craving oreos ....... but we don't have any :'( How sad . 
Oh joy . Got back today to realize that I have a fever . I am sick and of course it happens during a holiday weekend ! :P 
Oh my schedule is so funny ! 
1 ) Photo 1 
2 ) Computer Tech 
3 ) Digital Photo 1 
4 ) Chemistry A 
5 ) Fitness for life 
YUM !!!! I love making cookies and eating hershey kisses ! 
Uggg think I ate a little too much ......... 
Stake Dance tomorrow :D I haven't seen you people all summer , so it'll be great ! 
Painful swelling :p 
Today while on the computer this morning , I noticed the anti-virus system on my laptop is called Luke Filewalker . Made my day :) 
Love is the condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own . ~ Robert Heinlein 
Hey guys , if anyone wants to come see the movie Red friday with me ( and possibly my family ) Let me know 
I have a feeling that by the end of Holloween , I am going to have to go on biggest loser ........ lol jk mmmmmm pumpkin muffins ... 
Stake Dance Saturday , Church Sunday , Exam for Wisdom Teeth Monday , Humane Society Tuesday + Young Womans , More Humane Society Thursday , and Surgery Friday , followed by pain Saturday and Sunday ;) 
XD 
Oh joy . Got back from fly-fishing today to realize something , I have a fever . I'm offically sick . Of course this happens during a hoilday weekend . 
Homecoming Dance tonight :) Super excited ! 
has a stupid cough that won't go AWAY ! 
I love love love peppermint !!!! 
Tomorrow ...... Swim results ..... only 11 girls make varsity ..... blah 
Hug A Swimmer tomorrow !!!! 
N . A . P : National Appreciation for Pajamas 
Sulfer smells really REALLY bad and it gets in your lungs and makes you cough :p Still the mud volcano was AWESOME and so was Ol ' Faithful 
Since I am not going to be able to do anything with anyone next week , we should all see Vampires Suck tomorrow , guys . 
It's offical .... the swelling will be either gone or mostly down , so I can go to school on Wednesday !!!!! Oh , and Maddi , Sidnee , and Rachel .... I ordered what we were talking about . I'll send you guys the one I picked . :) 
Distance Varsity Team :) Oh boyy though , 11 practices a week , two at 4 45 in the morning :p 
Haha I finally beat my 100 fly time .... by 4 hundreths but still ! 
............................................ hi . 
went hiking in the mountains .... it was more fun then I expected :) 
Learned a wicked awesome stunt move in Social Dance :) I think many of the girls and most of the boys are scared to try it though hehe 
A mostly good day . The PLAN test was stupid and i missed my three favorite hours of the day to take it , but Aaron and Jaiden helped me figure out the moves in social dance ..... I don't know if I'd trust many guys to flip me though .... 
Well ... today just plain sucked . Oh well , go with the flow I guess . 
is soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo tired :P 
I found a chewed piece of GUM in my PROTEIN BAR !!!!! EWWWWWWW D: 
is debating whether or not to go to the movie on the field tonight ... hmmm who else is going ? 
Hmmm I feel like I have a stitch in my side , only this one has lasted for DAYS . Wonder what I did :/ 
* sigh * gotta say ...... crushes are so infuriating ...... ah welll life goes on as usual . 
November and December : Those Months when you gain all that weight you've been trying to lose ;) 
Feeling better :) 
Grrrrr .... I have to wait until SATURDAY to find out what my placement on the team is ...... 
Bored :p 
....... Swim meet this week . Innersquad though so nothing special haha 
is too happy to care about the future right now .... :) living in the moment . 
Well thunderstorms are awesome and all ... but i need to do my photography project ..... please stop raining ? 
Haha poor Jaiden .... 
:) Variety show tomorrow 
Everyone should attend , Hug a Swimmer day ! :) 
You people should come check out my blog . I would post the site , but I am too lazy . Just look it up on my " Info " in my profile haha 
I love swim team haha 
Most Emo Song ever : Pain by Three Days Grace : 
Pain , without love , 
Pain , I can't get enough , 
Pain , I like it rough , 
Cause I'd rather feel pain then nothing at all 
Heading to Yellowstone in an hour . Luckily I will have internet so I will not be lost to the world . Lol 
Found out swimming cuts are tomorrow . Super nervous ..... 
Cinnamon Rolls .... :) Yum <3 
Let's take a vote .... should I take Social Dance 2 instead of Seminary 3rd tri ? I would just take morning seminary of course .... 
Chilling at the hotel for the meet ..... and drinking a mountian dew ..... gonna be so hyper tomorrow ! 
I believe in Jesus Christ . One of my facebook friends challenged all believers to put this on their wall ... In the Bible it says , if you deny me , I will deny you . This is a simple test . If you love God you are not afraid to ... show it , repost this . 
Had a super weird dream last night ....... Some my friends from Sky View and Mountain Crest were at our Sky View Lunch Table . Long story short , at the end everyone was doing the Samba .... 
Saw the movie Red yesterday . Would recommend it for anyone who wants a hilarious action movie :) 
Oh swim team ............ 
BE HONEST ! If you think I'm cute , like this status . If you love me , puta ?. If I'm your friend , put a :) . If you ever wanted to go out with me , poke me . If you miss me , put a :/ . If you ever had a crush on me , message me saying so . If you're not scared , post this as your status 
feels like she's getting sick ........... ugggggg :p 
So here I am sitting here at the stupid computer and shivering my butt off , dreading the blizzard coming tomorrow and swim practice in the morning . WHY ???? haha 
Guess who's gonna watch Inception today ?! I <3 that movie :) 
Just looked up Paranormal Activity 2 , the movie thats coming out in october ... safe to say i wont be going to see it 
I don't like falling asleep at night in hotel rooms .... I always think some creepers gonna get in to the room .... 
Urm ..... Feeling sick :p 
Hm ... well now that the swim team isn't going to Cedar City , my weekend is free ....... haha which either means trick-or-treating or a party ....... 
Another good meet . Everyone did great , and we took 1st for the boys , 2nd for the girls , and 1st overall . Awesome Job ! 
Okay so I ate WAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY ( etc . ) too much tonight at Vannah's ...... I am gonna be sick I bet tomorrow from sugar and pizza and subway sandwich withdrawls 
I must say , the Variety Show was Spectatcular ! Great job to everyone in it , you were amazing :) 
Ugggg ...... not such a good day at school ..... sick and emotional :p 
Going to Salt Lake with our Youth . Gonna be a blast ! 
Awwww no notifications ....... how sad . 
Best day EVER !!! :) Did my personal bests at the meet , and got a freaking awesome time on my 500 freestyle . Got a cute suprise in my locker today that totally made my day .... oh and got to help one of my besties do his Western Swing Test ..... Yeah I think I am happy :D 
Mmm .... so who's going to the stake dance tonight ? 
WHOO !!!!! I am ranked 6th ! If I hold my placing at State , I will medal and stand on the podium ... well not ON it ... but next to it :) 
YAY BLIZZARD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I feels sickish . Stupid germs 
Well , my room is getting ripped up , due to the fact that my Christmas present is actually a bit of my sweet 16 present , just getting it done earlier . And yes , that present would be that I am pretty much getting a new bedroom . Furniture , flooring and all . :) 
:) Candycanes are one of the best parts of Christmas ! 
Sometimes I think boys have more drama than girls . 
Mmmmmm ....... a special bread roll and a cup of hot chocolate with whipped cream .... YUM ! 
" I dreamed I was missing 
You were so scared 
But no one would listen 
Cause no one else cared 
After my dreaming 
I woke with this fear 
What am I leaving 
When I'm done here 
So if you're asking me 
I want you to know 
When my time comes 
Forget the wrong that I've done 
Help me leave behind some 
Reasons to be missed 
And don't resent me 
And when you're feeling empty 
Keep me in your memory 
Leave out all the rest " 
Better meet than last week , but not too terrible . 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The Goal ? To not 
see a human face on FB until Monday December 6th . Join the fight 
aganist child abuse . Copy and past to your status and invite your 
friends to do the same 
Dang . I can't go to Senior State for swimming because I have lifeguarding training . Oh well , I get a job this way so I guess it's more important .... 
Practice ............ soooooo ..... hard . * dies metaphorically * 
* skip skip skip * 
Party tonight at Vannah's , but until then , I have to take pics , do homework , and run out and do errands .... busy day ahead ! 
Like this status and I'll write a letter to you . Dear ___ , you have a cute___ , if we were in a room together___ , me and you should___ , if you hugged me I would___ , you are___ , I'd get your name tattooed on my___ , and you have just been dared to make this your status :) 
One meet down , one two0-day one to go . I did pretty good on my 100 freestyle though for not being a sprinter and I beat my best time last year on my 200 freestyle by 10 seconds ...... 
Christmas Tree tonight ! 
Death of a Distance workout today . 
Is aggrivated ............ haha stupid cold 
Possibly , the best Christmas EVER ! I got a bunch of new furniture for my room , an Itunes giftcard , Goldeneye 007 , some clothing , a new digital camera , and the coolest charm bracelet I've ever seen . Best of all , my Dad got Call Of Duty Black Ops ..... yeah he hasn't played it yet :) 
" When my time comes , forget the wrong that I've done , help me leave behind some reasons to be missed ..... and don't resent me , and when your feeling empty , keep me in your memory , and leave out all the rest . " Leave Out All The Rest-Linkin Park 
Some MORE of the 333 Ways to Get Kicked Out of Wal-Mart : 
77 . Smear ketchup on yourself , lie on your back in the kids aisle , and pretend to be dead 
66 . Take a friend with you and a younger child and start arguing over who gets custody then have the child run away and out of the store and yell CILLY COME BACK !!! 
If you want to see the rest , I am posting it on my Notes . 
* sigh * Sucked it up at the meet . Ah well , I always seem to do horrible mid-season anyway . 
So .... in the upcoming horror movie dream house , apparently there is a character called Chloe Patterson . She is either a ghost or a person who get's killed , I am guessing . 
I like my beats fast and my bass down low . 
My hair is gonna be intresting tomorrow . 
" There's the snow , look out below , and bundle up , cause ' here it comes , run outside , so starry-eyed , a snowball fight breaks out , and winter has finally begun ..... I twirl through the driveway with angelic grace , till ' I slip on the sidewalk and fall on my face ! This peppermint winter is so sugar sweet , I don't need to taste to believe ... What's December without Christmas Eve ? " -Peppermint Winter , Owl City 
You wouldn't peg me for a Call Of Duty Black Ops kinda girl would you ? ;) 
I love Just Dance 2 . It's the best :D 
Stupid College level Spanish test ...... * grumble grumble * ...... keeping me awake ...... * grumble grumble ..... must get A ...... * grumble grumble . ( I sure am doing a lot of grumbling today :p ) 
Can you imagine no love , pride , deep fried chicken , your best friend always sticking up for you ... even when I know you're wrong , can you imagine no first dance , freeze dried romance , five hour phone conversation , the best soy latte you ever had ..... and me ? " 
Donuts in the parking lot plus me all hyped up on my swimma taper = extremely fun X ) 
2010's almost over , so copy & paste this as your status and see what colors you get : 
Red : I love you 
Pink you're cute 
Green : funny 
White : I used to like you 
Yellow : you're amazing 
Black : I miss you 
Blue : friends forever ! 
Purple : you're nice 
Brown : you're awesome 
I think people are avoiding me ..... 
Don't you hate it when people fall asleep while they are texting you ? Haha 
Soo bored .... but seriously what else is there to do at 10 other than text people and facebook ? 
Getting ready for the party tonight .... It's gonna be EPIC :) 
Region tomorrow ... I get to miss 4th and 5th hour , plus get to see my Mountain Crest Buddies ! Oh , and despite how I love them so , we are going to kick their butts . 
So I had a dream last night ..... I went to prom in a wonderfully white dress .... well not exactly a dress but it was still cool :) 
AWKWARD 
NEVER crack your head on the Lifesaving/spinal board or whatever you want to call it . It only brings pain in your head and a very tired attitude . :p 
Tomorrow is going to be super fun and super stressful at the same time ... oh and I have a new idea for my sweet 16 ! Two words ..... nerf guns ;) 
Well , next time you see me , you'll be looking at a certified lifeguard :) I passed ! 
Oh ... the things we do at parties these days :) 
Uggg ...... I REALLY don't wanna study for my spanish midterm tomorrow ...... 
Would anyone be willing to see Tangled tomorrow during the afternoon ? 
I have My First Kiss by 3OH ! 3 stuck in my head .... HELP 
Alright , what pool should I apply for a job at ? 
Hmm anyone intrested in seeing I Am Number Four ? 
Ugg ..... I hate bucket sets . 
I Am Number Four : A pretty awesome and slightly suspenceful movie . I give it four stars haha 
Mmmmmmm ........ I love chocolate chip cookies . Yummy :) 
I am such a dork haha 
Hmm school was , as usual , intresting but today it was in a nice way haha 
Wow . We got through the Mambo in Social Dance 2 super fast ! Literally , we started on Monday and we have our Skills Test tomorrow and Sequence Test friday . Oh well , I have a good partner so it's all good :) 
Hm ............. * lost in thought * 
Friends , we need to do something this weekend . 
What's a good movie for a bunch of people to watch ? I'm thinking of actually having a movie night at my house soon and was wondering what some good movies are to watch . 
INSTRUCTIONS : Go to your profile . The top 5 friends that are in the left-hand sidebar are now your team in the upcoming Zombie Apocalypse . No refreshing over and over to pick and choose ! That's cheating ! 
My team : Alec Nielsen , Bronson Fife , Mike Benson , Maddi Lynn Radford , and Tay Swenson 
Okay . Tron tomorrow at 7 15 PM at the University Stadium 6 in North Logan . Who wants to go ? 
If You're Not Scared , Put This On You're Status And See What People Rate You ( 1) = Crazy 
( 2)=I'd marry you 
( 3) = Attractive 
( 4) = Sarcastic 
( 5) = I miss you 
.............. ( 6)=I'd kiss you 
( 7) = Moody 
( 8) = Smart 
( 9) = Energetic 
( 10) = Random 
( 11) = Hot 
( 12) = Funny 
( 13) = Fit 
( 14) = Amazing 
( 15) = Tough 
( 16) = Cute 
( 17) = Beautiful 
( 18) = Nerd 
( 19) = Adorable 
( 20) = I love you 
* sigh * Why is it love has to be so complicated ? 
Found a awesome hiding place over at Mountain Crest today . And it's the perfect size for her too ! 
Ug . WSI is such a drag . Luckily , this weekend seems like its gonna be fun :) 
I'd say yesterday night was a success :) 
Oh no ...... it's official .......... Mike Benson and Anthony Swenson , you guys got me addicted to Black Ops . 
I can't seem to get warm AT ALL ..... sheesh maybe I am getting sick again :p 
States tomorrow !!!!!!! I am finally done packing and am super excited . My 200 IM is tomorrow ... and if I hold my 6th place I will MEDAL ! Good luck to everyone going to states . GO SKYVIEW ! 
Is pretty glad she got to skip swimming today . Though , she needs the exercise haha ;) 
I love a girl's night . Watching movies with extremely attractive guys in them and talking about life . Oh , and me , * Sierra Howe , Lizette Larned , and McCoy Hawkes ' backpacking trip to Europe . Now all we need is a couple thousand dollars and we are set ! Anyone want to donate ? ;) 
Well ..... today's meet was a super bad meet for me . Ah well better luck next time I guess . 
I started shivering horribly today . I don't know if it's exhaustion or something else but I am running a over 100 degree fever and my parents want me to go to school ..... 
Well , it's offical . I am sick . 
Okay . I went a 5:38 on my 500 freestyle , which is dropping 4 seconds . I went a 2:19 on my 200 IM , which is dropping 6 seconds , and on my 400 freestyle relay , I went a 58 low on section of the 100 . And instead of taking home two 6th places , I have two 4th places to show for my hard work . Oh and if you are a not a swimmer , you will not understand how outstanding I did at this meet :) 
Had a good time staying home and playing Assassins Creed and Just Dance 2 . Of course , now that the mysterious fever and weird dreams have disappeared , she will probably be at school tomorrow .... :( 
WSI is DONE today ! :) Whoo technically I could be a swim coach now haha 
Just had a brilliant idea . Who's in town for Spring Break ? 
" Baby close your eyes , don't open till the morning light . Don't ever forget , we haven't lost it all yet . All we know for sure , is all that we are fighting for . Baby don't forget , we haven't lost it all yet . " 
I'm FREE ! I wonder if people know what I am talking about hehe ;) 
Hey sorry if people are getting mad cause I am not answering text messages , these last two days have gone by really fast :p 
So far my week has been pretty boring . Let me know if you wanna hang out or something . 
Mysterious hooded man watches ( from a disssstance ! ) 
Not all of us girls can be the little size zero models on TV ! Seriously if anyone ever says you aren't beautiful don't believe them ! And frankly , I am not going to be anorexic just so I can be " stunning " by the World's standards . You girls out there are gorgeous and don't ever believe otherwise ! 
Just finished applying basically everywhere I can for a job . Well , guess it's time to sit back and pray that someone wants to give me a job haha :p 
Is debating whether or not she should take some actual ballroom dancing classes ........ on the pros I might get to meet guys and I love ballroom dancing , on the cons I might have to suffer through a VERY busy summer and that might cut in on swimming .... :/ 
Coach Yolanda wants to kill me in a painful way ...... with dryland . X ( 
The Tango is ......... very entertaining ;) 
Whoo ! Got two job interviews coming up :) 
I looooooove doing funky things to my hair .... although I think this is one of the weirdest trends I've ever seen , I kinda love it :) 
Ima going back to Marlins tomorrow !!! I get to see my Mountian Crest buddies :) 
Can I help it I think you're funny when your mad ? Tryin ' hard not to smile though I feel bad ............ 
Stake Dance ..... pretty sweet .... not the best but not the worst either ! :) 
Hope all you people who went to Prom had a fantastic time ! And I know you all looked absolutely gorgeous ;) 
Krista Larsen and Sierra Howe .... yeah you know how we were talking about that really attractive man in my social dance class ? Well oddly enough my partner has his first name ...... dang I was so close !!!! 
Tango Skills Test on wednesday .... dang now I have to prepare to be dead serious while flirting ........ 
The Last Night by : Skillet , One of my favorite songs ever !!!!!!! It's sweet in a slightly weird way haha 
My friends are insane . In a good way , but still . 
Ahhhh ! Interview tonight ! I'm so excited ! 
Karma è orribile . E a volte va un po ' troppo lontano con la vendetta . I love spanish and it is an amazing language haha . Somehow all the words flow together and allow one to express one's true feelings . It's amazing , but Spanish 1020 is a real pain sometimes . 
has a feeling tomorrow could either be really good or really bad . Well we shall see how the cookie crumbles . 
So my day ? Yeah it was both suckish and amazing . How weird is that ? Ah Chicos son muy volubles haha 
Social Dance 2 is the best class ever ! I love my entire class and our routines are amazing . Now , if only I could find a partner for the routine we have to make up ..... 
" Now you'll never see , what you've done to me . You can take back your memories they are no good to me , and here's all your lies , you can look me in the eyes , with the sad sad look that you wear so well ............... " 
Pretty awesome dance . Gotta say I had a blast ! 
Yeah I love the movie Tangled .... so adorable :D 
Yuck . Swimming is horrible when you suddenly go from easy workouts working on technique to grossly long sets working on stamina and speed . Not to mention a super hard dryland set that has given me blisters on my hands ....... 
" We all have the fun-sized friend , the skinny friend that eats like a pig , the dirty minded friend , the retarded friend , the random friend , and the friend that is all the above ... and sometimes it's you . " Personally I think I'm the fun-sized friend .. what do you guys think you are ;) 
Just wants to say she loves her friends . Yes , all of them haha 
So what are you wearing tomorrow : yellow , red , or green ? ;) 
Ohhhhh crud . We have our choreographed performance for Social Dance tomorrow . Triple Swing/Lindy Hop with the Motorcycle , Tabletop , Around the World , and Dip Drops thrown in . To a really fast song . Well let's see how well this goes .... 
Mmm ..... taking some photos tonight with friends then idk what to do . Anyone wanna do something tomorrow ? 
:D Today is going to be intresting to say the least . 
Could never eat something on Epic Meal Time . It would make me sick 
Wow . So ..... sophmore year has been quite intresting . Other than me getting sick all the time it has been a lot of fun though . Social Dance , lightsabers , friends , dances , drama , and all of that haha . Can't believe it's almost summer though .... course that in itself brings more fun then school X ) 
