you know , that quiz is eerily incorrect . . . and also eerily correct . 
If the different fields of science contradict one another , is science doomed to fall as it is an example of the dualism which inevitably destroys everything it touches ? Or something else ? 
is amazed it took her so long to join this site . 
is taking lots of pointless quizzes when she should be doing this physics problem . . . fml 
Calvin and Hobbes : Calvin : It's not denial . I'm just very selective about the reality I accept . t.t I wish I exercised this latent human ability more often . 
Emily ( my little sister who's pestering me ): If reality is false , and everything false is NOT reality , then what is it I ask you ? The answer , of course , is TORTELLINI ! 
just learned that the Cheerios bee has lied to her - by exclusion - thousands of times . ( mla ) 
hopes that the cast of Clue will have a wonderful time practicing and performing their show without her . < :) 
feels so loved from all these birthday messages - thanks so much , everybody ! :D 
loves Colby the Cat very much and always will . He is not gone , he is simply not seen here any longer . 
Please , God , save me from my everlasting boredom or my kitchen will be a pile of ashes in 4 seconds ! 
can't laugh because her daddy will hear her being evil . How unfortunate 
can't stop thinking , " O-HA ! " 
is going ( stag ) to Charity Ball . :) 
just asked her dad , " You tryin ' to pwn my Bible , fool ? " 
is still a huge Disney fan . 
has suddenly both been very saddened for the second time and come up with an awesome song idea for the second time . . . TODAY . O.o Awesomeness abounds . 
TToTT 
is having difficulty with the knowledge that , apparently , she is Tim Alexandrovitch Millerman's number one fan ( read : STALKER ) . . . and that she seems to be the only one not laughing her head off about it . 
Sa ------ mpson ! 
wishes she understood why she shows up on all of Tim's stuff and Chloe still hasn't murdered her . . . 
wishes people would stop sending her weird looking videos of what appear to be green-eyed alien slideshows . 
Does ANYONE know where that " Song of Myself " piece for American Lit is on Moodle ? I can't find it anywhere ! 
. . . . . . sooo . . . you like . . . stamps ? 
Abigail - UrbanDictionary : A super-sweet girl . Extremely gorgeous and tons of fun . When you meet one you will want to be a huge part of her life but you would have to be very lucky for it to happen . An Abigail will stay on your mind forever so you will know when you meet one . 
is USING THE INTERNET IN HER VERY OWN ROOM :D ! Cool !! 
. . . DUCK ! DUCK !!! Ahiru !!! 
will miss being able to watch Jay Leno live , despite her joy at his return to his superior show and time slot . . . Goodbye Frog Man ! < :D 
You remind me of the babe ! What babe ? The babe with the power ! What power ? The power of voodoo ! Who do ? You do ! Do what ? REMIND ME OF THE BABE !!! . . . . I love Labryinth :D 
There's a reason we're called the right . It's because it is right . 
is rewatching all the Kim Possible episodes . Because yes , she's THAT cool . T.T 
shall not join another game on Facebook because they are slowly and painfully consuming her soul . 
FORMATTING QUESTION for WL1 : What's our header supposed to be again ? I forgot to take one of the sheets home D: 
will shock and amaze the IA upon her return ( hopefully ) . 
Thank you to everyone who remembered my birthday , either on here , to me in person , or privately in their minds ! I've never felt so loved . :D 
I like being Abby . I play all her games and make her send me gifts ! >:D 
exists . 
is an administrator on Only At IA now - because she's on the staff too ! Also , she enjoys being able to use third-person on Facebook statuses . 
will not be on Facebook for awhile to focus on the rest of life . She will entrust her profile to her younger sister , who has promised to change the password and not tell it to her until she is prepared to return . She humbly asks your help by contacting her by phone or email until her return , and thanks you for your support in her endeavor to be more awesome . :D Ja ne , minnasan ! 
is not playing FB games anymore - all notifications are from my little sister sending herself gifts on Farmville . 
must prepare for the father's birthday ! 
can't believe she is growing up in this world of corruption and crushed dreams ... 
is banned from the Internet , anime , manga , fanfiction and everything else distracting while school is in session . So . . . bye . ( Oh , and my sister is still running my 2 games ) . 
just saw L die . . . . . . . * bawls brain out * L ! 
is worried about , of all things , cutting up straws for chem class . 
has measurements for the straws Brie Jones and Daisy La Rocco ( lazies ! ) , so fear not ! 
KNOWS THE GERMAN HOMEWORK FOR B2 SOPHOMORES ! It's exercise E in the blue workbook ( p . 112 ) and reading p . 318 in our textbook , " Tipps " , to prepare for reading next class . 
is leaving this Friday and will not leave her house until then , except for church . 
Yami ga mou hitori no jibun o tsukuru ! I love Season 0 of YGO . 
First all-nighter ever . . . I'm gonna pass out in the middle of German . . . grahk . 
needs anyone from her Math Studies I class to email her the questions for Review E - I don't have them , and I'm not at school ! Someone please email me them ! ( Thank you ) 
is amazed that emailing multiple people to ask about homework missed on two sick days doesn't seem to work anymore . I mean , yeesh , guys , how hard is it to give a sick friend homework ? It takes like 5 minutes , tops ! * cough * < :( 
will see y'all July 11th , if not sometime in August . Much love ! TO CLC ! 
is sixteen today . . . . So , now what ? :D 
MS . GUEST LEFT THE IA ?! * cries * 
has returned . Yayz . 
School : DO NOT WANT . 
ain't going to Winter Ball or whatever it was called . Doing HW from the two days I was out sick this week . * cheers sarcastically * 
" Soon you will die . . . and then you'll be dead ! BECAUSE I KILLED YOU !!! " 
Go Anubis , go go ( abridged ) Anubis . 
* cough * 
baby breadloaf ! 
wants to know why IB1 History students don't know how to put in PARENTHETICAL CITATIONS when they make charts . Grr . . . 
will murder math ( and maybe German , she forgets if there's a midterm . . . ) and then sleep for several hours guiltlessly . 
loves Gargoyles - and Futurama - and Keith David's voice . That is all . * squee * 
knows ( as you should ) that Kato from " The Green Hornet " kicks ass , both in the movie and in real life . Jay Chou . . . wow . Just , wow . Check that guy out . 
