Highschool of the dead has everything . headshots , gore , comdey , drama , i guess horror , lots of boob action :) , awesome story ? hot chikcks , and its just like epic . 
Now I lie to myself , so I can believe her 
As she disassembles my life . 
" Ask not what your country can do for you , ask what you can do for your country . " -JFK 
I'm Batman ... ( with Wesker's powers !!! ) 
You Ain't got no grilled cheese ! 
So if your on my family on Facebook , you must really mean something to me :) 
Oh my god !!!!!!!!!!!! Its a fish ! 
Valentines day " I love you !!! " ..... The day after valentines day " I fucking Hate you !!!! " .... That's the world for you :p 
It's Beauitful Outside tonight . 
Good Luck tomorrow All my fellow ROTC friends , kick-ass tomorrow , and bring home the cup ! 
Poke me if you’ve had a crush on me ; Like this status if you think im cute ; Inbox me if you’ve ever wanted a relationship ; Put a smile if we are friends :) ; Put an angry face if u dont like me : @ ; Put a heart if u want to be more than friends ? 
Bryan Landherr Ed Harris voices CIA Agent Jason Hudson . 
The Best part about is Christmas is .... 
Now look at this Beauitful weather people ! 
Humanity is disgusting . 
hacked by emmy ! love you <3 
Mike Oberholtzer , David Tinney , Amber Janine , Shana Jaggers and Emily Landherr-Workman Made my night tonight , had such a great time falling on my ass and getting my ass kicked in air hockey . 
Ashlei ? Paige great job tonight , your solo was awesome ! Emily Landherr- Workman awesome job at singing tonight ! 
Had a good weekend i guess got sick though , shit !!!, but friday was awesome thanks to Austin Leach , one day i will beat him in a race !!!! thanks for the advice , showing me awesome GTA 4 clips !!, be safe , stay strong and see you in december !! 
David Tinney , I have no clue whats going on at all , but if you need a partner , a friend or just a simple person to talk too i am here , you know how reach me or find me , if shit hits the fan ill take that punch or whatever for you , other wise stay strong and kick ass !!! 
It's just inside , it's all inside my head , it's just imagination . 
I need a bullet and a gun . 
It's only the end of the world . 
Lying to yourself again , 
Suicidal imbecile . 
Its not till we wake up and realize something is actually strange . 
Load , and cock a bullet , refuse to be ignored . 
A hug , ice cream and a movie would be nice . 
So few Rules for certain people in my life . 
sure , why the hell not . 
Today on what grinds my gears ! " People who text like this --- tht , nvm " what is so HARD about writing the full word out ??? 
Which batman are you ? -- My Result : Christian Bale . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/930429/referrals/status?aid=100000907983551 
Alex Jones is god . 
An Officer and a Friend - PFC-Austin Leach 
Future solider training tomorrow , Thursdays from now on . 
Why the hell not !, numbers ??? 
Best Inception Song , " Time " from the Inception Soundtrack . 
Adagio In D Minor 
It's killing me to see I'm killing you death is magic , say abra cadavre now . 
Albert Wesker : " Well isn't this one big 
family reunion ? Chris and Claire Redfield , you've really become quite an 
inconvenience for me . " 
Alice : " I told you I'd be bringing a few friends . " 
Albert Wesker :( removes sunglasses ) " You should have brought more . " 
Dose anybody have good ideas for a facebook picture ? 
To get a job , you need to show them your papers ? really ? so if i want to make a ice cream i need papers for that ? Get the hell outta here !!!! 
Whaaaaattttttt the hell ? 
That's Nice . 
So its a new year ? big deal . 
Some People don't belong in Rotc ... damn i miss the good ol ' days . 
Take a stand , the consequences maybe never ending but those who saw will stand for you . 
No future soldier training tomorrow . 
To return , to the cold 
It isn't much , but I'm free at last . 
That awkward Moment when you get that awkward moment . 
Lets All hide inside a closet . 
Does anybody know where i can watch a moive online instead of youtube ? 
So i herad there is riot tomorrow in lincoln , damn that is a good school . 
Hope those basteds who punched that chick get what they fucking deserve , assholes , never hit a women , real men know that rule . 
Art Corevelay listin dildo , you are cool ass black man lol but if you keep calling yourself a loser and that shit your going to feel like douche for the rest of your sad little life , if you want to fix that , change your mind set , don't think negative don't doubt yourself it leads to failure , trust me , stay strong darren ! 
So dead rising 3 already in the making ? sure . 
Detention from 8:00 am till 3:10 pm today ? have to love the sytem :) 
Never again , that bullshit " Get Schooled " show wasted 2 hours of my little life for what ? goddamn , can't kids these days do anything right ? so they get rappers ? to convince them to do good in school , The little fuckers should already know that , of course rappers come though , how about the real music , like Disturbed ?, Muse ?, Breaking Benjamin ? or Coheed ? 
Thanks to James Klemmer Anthony Gambone and Mike Gucci Oberholtzer for making it a awesome ROTC night !, ture friends right there , after hours in ROTC is always the best when you have he right crew . 
Ever just there and think and think .... and think ? 
This guilt trip is really annoying . 
I need to rest !!!!!!!!!!! 
Hacked by Emmy ! Cause he wuvs me :D 
So , i want a facebook family lol , anyone want to be in it ? if so lke or just comment my stauts idk 
Nirvana is just annoying now . 
Austin Leach this for you ..... " Lengends are not simply born ... they are willed into existence " 
Under Cover Of Night . 
Escape the fate sucks . 
One more thing lol , the " Get schooled " thing was to promote the website and the Artist(s ) new albums coming out anybody notice that ?, basterds . 
Future soilder tranining was effin ' awesome ! 
The economy turned around and prospered during the Kennedy administration . ----- Just amazing how one man changed the United States , and how one man destroyed his work ... rest in peace JFK , we need you more then ever . 
Santa is coming to town ... that's what she said !! 
Are Bryan Landherr and i the only people who can actually 
appreciate Adolf Hitler's rise to power and just be amazed of how he conquered Europe ??? 
We won't find out till 4:45 am tomorrow if we have school ? like really ? 
I try and that's never good enough , i try harder and that never works . What is my problem ? 
Good mood ? what good mood ? 
So 50 years ago today JFK did his Inaugural Address , 50 years later what happened to the United States ??? 
Austin Leach I'm batman ! 
First nut shot in combat arms ? i jizzed !!! 
..... ok then . 
Ev­ery­one tries to hold onto their lives , When no one's alive . 
Austin Leach and Andre Jevon Cordier have a good veterans day !!! 
They replace freedom with fear . 
So your asshole for plenty of reasons but they didn't deserve that . 
Inbox only . 2010 is almost over so confess something you always wanted to tell me . It will be between just you and me . Post this as your status and see who surprises you . 
Today's top story , Emily and i went to Lincoln today thinking we had school , when the news said all public schools open , as Lincoln is a public school , so we showed up with no one there ...... EPIC FAIL LOL !!! 
Because your the god ... of a shrinking universe 
William White next time you cut can i be in the closet with you too ? 
Funky looks ! 
I really can't talk can i ? every time i do people have to give me their attitude . 
Parents Should really stay off their sons/Daughters facebook and mind their business , Jesus can't we the " Kids " have some privacy for once ??? 
Fade to black .... best Freaking Metallica song .... HANDS DOWN ! 
210 pounds ? lol 
I'll Be spraying and they will be praying . 
" Haters gonna hate " -The Fatman . 
Better stay on the top or life will kick you in the ass . 
its almost Valentines day lol , i wonder how many people are going to give it a bad name this year . You don't need a girlfriend or a boyfriend for valentines day , you don't need that at all , why not love your family ? just give them hugs ! or your friends ? you can love your friends and family . You don't need to be in love for one holiday . If you hate it show much just deal with it and stop bitching . 
Greatest movie inception , greatest soundtrack inception . 
So whats wrong if the word Awkward these days ? 
Silent Hill V.S Resident Evil ... One Epic Brawl .. Who Will Win ? 
I'm Nicholas Cage and i smoke me some weed on the con air ! 
Facebook as over 500 million Uesers , and i am part of that ? awesome <3 
:( <------ That's me right about now . 
I can't fly but i can Kick your ass . 
it only takes 3 inches of snow to cripple the city . 
There is a slight chance we could have a delay tomorrow of school , 3 inches ? you never know lol . 
I am the real batman ! 
It's snowing !!!!!!! 
For my family on facebook , if you guys can never sleep at night , have any problems or struggles in life don't be afraid to call me or text me . I will always be there for guys when you need me , you guys are my life and blood . 
Seems you have a problem with change . 
I’m entitled to overcome . 
Why am i up this late when i have school in 6 hours ? 
The only verdict is vengeance , a vendetta , held as a votive not in vain . 
If you believe in global warming you will be so shocked that its not real and never was , wait ! and also that your a idiot for believing that . 
Behind the gun , I'll make my final stand . 
It's like going to the grocery store and a hour later leaving the grocery store with your grocery list . 
How does it feel to be alone now ? Sad isn't it ? 
I flee the light but without the sun , Your view of me would be gone . 
Its Like ... i just don't know . 
It's not about the money . It's about the ... 
Text me if you want fellow facebookers , i am out for the night . 
Why do people always blame lag , if they die on online ? lol 
Sometimes your only friend can be your music . 
Is telling the truth to somebody you know the right or wrong thing ? 
Showers are so ... hot ! 
Keeping it real in 2011 . 
Why do people talk shit ? anyone care to answer ?? 
Justice ... with a side of spaghetti !!!! 
Your body’s built just like a weapon and you’re using it - My darkest days <3 
Just because a guy wear's black nail polish doesn't make him gay , you must be the one in the closet then . 
It's past my bedtime ... wait ... its Friday ... i can stay up late !!!! whooo !!!! 
I killed Victoria's Secret . 
Questions , just waiting to be asked . 
Life for you as been less then kind . 
Just deal with it , or stop your bitching and deal with . 
Japan went under . 
So the Dark Knight Rises the squeal to the dark Knight will have Bane , and cat women , I wonder now ... 
Inception Better win Best Picture ! 
Japan is just lol 
The Japaneses don't go to the ocean , the ocean comes to them ! 
Bryan Landherr yo , they are rebooting the doom movie , hopefully it isn't has crappy and is based off the game this time . 
Stop your bitching and deal with it , or jump off bridge . 
I'm not quite myself . 
All the sudden i like Linkin Park again lol 
SAT ---- Shitty Ass Test . lol 
Donald Trump brings up good points . If we are protecting a country how come they are not paying us ? 
Well , i am on a Hans Zimmer Spree again , his music is just to freaking good . 
Suicidal Maniac ? 
You got the girl ! 
The new Resident Evil movie coming out on September 14 , 2012 ? Yeaaaahhh ! Wesker better come back ! 
Girls well never understand why guys like video games ... 
Give or Receive ? 
Nobody even liked the joker till they saw the dark knight . 
You dare to dream but still you're too afraid . 
I really hope the Hangover 2 blows so everyone can shut up about it . 
Garbage is so much better then Nirvana . 
Lol , That why i deleted them off my ipod lol . 
I can't even walk to class without ghetto ass kids getting into a fight every freaking 2 minutes , what the hell man lol 
If you are on my family on facebook , i will write on your wall why you are my friend and why you have pancake mix . 
With all your intelligence , but still you will not find love . 
“There is no excuse for the Senate not to vote on going to war before we go to war " - Rand Paul ( The son of Ron Paul ) 
My history teacher called me sick today lol , it's just a holocaust lol . 
Text me or something , i don't know lol 
What is this 30 day challenge ? 
Your soul can not be found . 
Somebody didn't sign out of facebook :D lol love you hunny <3 
Bryan Landherr I want your opinion on this : do you think the united states should become a isolated country ? and just foucs on our issues instead of the worlds ? 
Modern Warfare 2 soundtrack <3 
NIGGER - A black man with a slavery chain around his neck . 
NIGGA ? - A black man with a gold chain on his neck . 
So france is pretty cool , the new law require's all muslim people to take off that towel on thier head , so now we can see thier face ! lol , good job france . Now if America could do it . 
Bryan Landherr Do you beleive that heatlh care should be a civil right ? 
I rate the Lincoln shirt 2/5 and the new issue of the Lincoln log a 4/5 
HALT ! 
Nigga !! 
After watching inside gaming , i must disagree with the dead pixel , battlefield 3 will destory black ops . 
Sex ? 
Darth Vader- Luke ... i am your nigga 

Luke- Thats impossible !!!! 
... And you jerk it out ! 
Just saw the new blacks ops zombie tralier , blacks ops zombies better not turn into shit now , who cares if they are using actors ? just let us zill zombies instead of trying to win over eveybody . 
" Hiiiiiiiiii " Bryan Landherr 
So i went to the flower shop for the military ball , and this guy called me gangster because i am wearing my unifrom to the military ball ... lol 
Who wants to dance with work it at the military ball ? 
Gladiator <3 
Military Ball bitches !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Thank you to all my fellow ROTC brothers and sisters for a awesome military ball ! Hoorah ! 
Centillion : 1 followed by 303 zeros 
Text me people ??? idk lol 
America ... FUCK YEAH !!! 
Watching the human centipede 
Hey man , Nice shot ... kick ass song . 
Am i a normal man ? 
Why not , Like my status and i'll tell you what i think about you , no lies just the pure truth . 
If i don't talk to you , why do i have you on facebook ? Interesting . 
Yeah , Tim Burton didn't make " The Nightmare Before Christmas " so give Henry Selick , the guy who did make it some credit too , Tim Burton is half ass anyway . 
Earthquake ? What earthquake ? 
If you have to tell me something then text me it , don't waste your time posting it on my facebook , unless it is a video or something . 
Sometimes truth isn't good enough , sometimes people deserve more , sometimes people deserve to have their faith rewarded . 
Rubber pants ? And karaoke ? Whattt ? 
1 day down , 179 to go before graduation . 
I'm just gonna do the " To be honest " thing randomly 
Never done drugs ; 
Never drank alcohol ; 
Never broke the law ; 
Never skipped class ; 
Put this as you're status , and who ever likes it thinks you're lying . :) 
True blood season 4 finale tonight ! 
So the True blood season 4 finale ... was pretty awesome , Freaking Cliffhanger's . 
And I Thought My Jokes Were Bad . 
What a day man , everything is just so much bullshit ! lol . Good thing i have people like Mike Oberholtzer David Tinney and Lisette Wolfenden to make it a fun ass day ! yay lol , oh i'll be at work later , text if you want to talk peoples lol 
I'll confess this : you're my tragedy , I laid you to rest just as fast as you turned on me , Gone forever , banished the memories , Displays of pleasure are masked by your misery . 
Chances : Low , Faith : Lower , Hopes : Low , Confidence : Neutral , Pride : At it's highest . 
Any ideas for a profile picture peoples ? 
MISS WOLF 
? (????) ` ~ ~ 
Y U TREAT US LIKE KINDERGARTENERS !!!! 
Y U NO WORK !!???? 
Friday cannot come sooner ... Y U KNOW here !!??? 
You jelly ? 
Mike Oberholtzer Congrats to Obie for getting the job at Sweet Lucy's :D 
Time for a wawa run ! 
Who wears short shorts ? 
Like my status for ... 
Nickname : 
Do i like your profile picture : 
... First thought about you : 
Best feature : 
Do i love you : 
Truth is : 
Are you important to me : 
Nice or mean : 
Friend or stranger : 
Chill or ditch : 
Hug or kiss : 
How we met : 
Do i regret meeting you : 
GRENDEL ... she stalks us , even has i post this she stalks us ... be warned my fellow warriors .. 
Awesome : Very Much so . Understanding : Very Much so . Funny : Yesh . Good lucks : Of course . Gives good hugs : Yes . Am i happy : Yes :D . Strange : Yes <3 
Stupid cancer . We all want a new car , a new phone . A person who has cancer only wants one thing ... to survive . I know that a lot of you " who think you're too cool " probably won't re-post this . But a very little amount of my friends will . Put this on your wall in honor of someone who died of cancer , survived , or who is fighting against it now . 
So i like Eminem now ... what the hell happen ? 
I love to get called out in class , how about you face me like a man and stop hiding behind your queen . 
Like my status so you can give me a to be honest :) 
