Thanks every one ! It was a great birthday , had lots of fun ! ^ (^.^) ^ 
Just got back from the moves . Wached " Night and Day " It was realy funny , cheesey , but way worth it . ^.^ 
merry christmas and i hope it a good one . 
was on a trip with my dad the past few days . had lots of fun . We did some surfing and lots of other thing . One geting hit by a car in my dads nice car . we are ok , and thare is way more to the story , but thought share a little . 
T.T im sad ... i just finished waching Kekkaishi ... guess thare is like 52 episodes ... and i finish it all ... and the ending it self made me sad too ! T.T ... i just cant win -sigh- 
^.^ yes !!! school is out !!! now on to bigger things ! hope every one had a good time ! 
-,- im tired ... realy need to get out of the house and do some thing .... T.T 
What sword would suit you - My Result : Bastard . Hand and a half . http://bit.ly/ae1Weg 
-.- im on face book now , happy . 
I found out that my cat Nala died today . 
whent to Anime oasis to day . it was ok , last day so every one was packing up . got a Death note and a sword thing . 
-,- ya i had a little to much fun with all the quiz's .... 
Im in Reno ... its hot ... T.T miss home ... but other than that me good ^.^ 
ever had one of thouse days when you feel or know more is going on then your seeing ... but for what ever reson , you cant find out what it is . ya ... -shrugs- T.T i hate that . 
cant sleep ... haunted by my oun thoughts and worrys . -sigh- I knew the mind was a powerful weapon ... but seems to hurt me as much as it helps . -,- just cant win ... anyway going to lay back down ... 
fell for the first rule again ... -.- darn ... 
Hi , im Alex and i may have a Pieces of Flair problem . (( yes even apps should have ther AA meetings )) . 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment you must copy and paste this to your status so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along 
Ever had one of those days that every thing seems to go wrong and some how you still get what ya need done , done ? Well so far to day has been that way . Got up at 3 am and could not get back to sleep , get ready , go to the car early to get it warmed up . Now it would of been just fine thare if , my car started ! -,- so i spent the the 40min tell i go to school trying to get it to start . Turns out in needed some oil . 
T.T missing dnd .... been reading dnd and pathfinder books ... whant to play sooo bad ! -rolls d20 gits a one- -,- and thare is no hope in sight ... 
Yay more school ... = T.T kill me now ! 
" You want to be healed , now ? Or would you prefer to bleed to death so I can try my hand at resurrection ? " -Nathan (-,- seem cleric get to try resurrection a lot .... -sigh-) 
What is Your Inner Self ? -- My Result : A Moonlike Person . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/93348/referrals/status?aid=100001067245647 
Got back from the BSU Orientation to day ... ooo what a long two days that was .... T.T never again ... 
things that burn and go BOOM !! hehe fun ! 
raining and storm warning down here ... then back to crazy hot in like a min of each other . 
-cheer- HI EVERY ONE !!! IM BACK !!! ^.^ happy to be home , missed you guys . 
I just got word that im heading down to my dads tomarrow ... T.T im a little sad that i cant go to dnd and hang out ... but it will be good to see dad again . 
T.T wish the weekend was here ... dnd i miss you so ... T.T 
Not feeling so great to day . Not sure why . Some thing just feels off . -shrugs- -,- 
Coming home to day ! ^.^ 
-,- ... -sigh- 
I got a cell ! now people can call me dont mean that thay will ever get a hold of me but ... thats not the point . 
To day is the best day ever ! Why you ask ? Well today , after weeks of eating at the same place for lunch , I have had my first FREE meal . Thay even know what i'll have . ^.^ Now i have reach the place of greatness and it tastes so good . 
T.T sick threw the weekend ... 
T.T still feeling crapy ... can hardly talk ... being sick sucks ... 
whats your dark power - My Result : Hunter http://bit.ly/b0jYD8 
-.- back to school ... like giting hit by a bag of bricks ... 
If you could have any type of Kinesis what would it be and why ? I would pick Cyrokinesis - The abitity to create and control ice . or maybe Chronokinesis - The ability to slow down or speed up ones perception of time . You could also create time warps or worm holes . 
It is official !! June 17th 2011 the first Annual Mike Ohge/ Pancreatic Action Network Golf Tournement , Boise Idaho . For those that don't know Mike is my step dad , and his best friend David workd to make this happen , Thanks David ! 
Happy thanks giving 
Happy Halloween ! 
T.T school paper done ... time ... 10:47 ... will to live -89% or in other words ... shoot me now . 
level 80 cleric ... ha im ready for pathfinders now 
o.O just got done reading my Bestiary 2 of the pathrinder books .... some realy cool constructs ... T.T so wish i could make them in some campain ... but think i would need some big time resorces in order to do it ... -sighs- one can dream 
T.T need to make it threw to day and early part of friday ... so close to freedom ... yet so tired ... need to work on paper T , T im so behind .... god school sucks ... 
IT FINALY FRIDAY ! Thank god .... dont know how i made it threw the week but finaly the spring break , and once more DND !!! ^.^ things are starting to look up . 
im flying home now ! o and my cell is dead ... 
T.T some one kill me .... school sucks ... been stuck in the library trying to find books for a paper ... for what feels like ever ...... seeing i started at 12 and its now 5:20 ... it has been for ever .... T.T 
-sigh- heads up to any one trying to call me , house phone is not working right for some reson . thare not ringing .... that and my cell is dead ... so ya ... T.T im cut off ... ill post some thing when we fix it or know more . 
