mmm ... haagen-dazs ice cream 
will be flying to taiwan on sunday and won't be back until 20th Aug . 
one word to describe today : yawn 
(>< lll ) 
is having free period now instead of History . And that's why she's online . 
Is it right , to choose what I really excel at instead of choosing what I enjoy more ? Should I opt for security or exploration ? 
onemoredayonemoredayonemoreday ! 
took a nap today during History and slept through the whole double lesson 
doesn't get why RISS has a " Prayer Room " 
simply adores her new printer 
Triumphant . Finally able to return to Facebook . 
is going to watch the film " 2012 " again in 2013 and laugh her head off 
tried to control her desire for shopping but nonetheless bought 6 pieces of clothing today 
?????????? ??????? ????????? ?????????? 
feels good to be rehearsing again . 
Delegate of Austria ( MUN ) 
Finally sees why flute players are often labelled as ' airheads ' 
MUN positon papers . Dunno what to write . Should've chosen a LEDC instead of Austria , there's much more to complain about . 
Realised that I haven't written anything in this box for almost two months now 
is going to bed earlier than usual today and tomorrow to conserve energy for the performances , which = no playing games on FB 
Ctrl A , Ctrl C , Ctrl V , Ctrl S . Assignment complete . 
My account was ( literally ) flooded with birthday wishes yesterday . Thanks to all you wonderful people for making my 17th such a memorable one . ???????. ?????! 
fell down half a flight of stairs today 
family in Taiwan , me home alone in VN 
finally on " holiday " 
will head for Taiwan on Thursday . Contact me via FB , MSN or email if needed but not through cell phone . Cheers . 
2010 ? 10 ??????????? : ?? 5 ???? 5 ???? 5 ?????? 823 ?????? 
Finally found classical music on the radio :) It's on FM 99.9 from 9:00 - 10:00 in the morning just in case anyone is interested at all ... 
????! 
Orchestra tomorrow ... seems like eons since I last played in one . 
Oh my goodness , Trevor Wye actually responded to my article suggestion ~ 
Facebook unblocked ! 
Hope all of my friends in Japan are safe and well ... 
had a wonderful time eating and ' wax-skating ' with Tina Chung , Juju Heaven and CheeKiong Chan (: 
