Comin back from London on Friday uve been doin looooooooooads of shoppin ! 
Completely knacked me audition ;'( 
IM WRITIN ON EVERY SINGLE 1 OF MY FBKS FRIENDS WALLS 2DAY 
OMG I GOT FACEBOOK YAY WOOHOO YAY THIS IS TOTALLY MINTA MINTEST OR JUST PLAIN MINT 
Im so upset i cant add Barack Obama hmmmm maybe David Cameron ...... 
Somebody pls help me pick a name plsssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss 
HIYA PPL CHANGED MY PROFILE AGAIN BUT U KNOW IS ANYBODY ELSE UP 
Hiyaaaaaa ppl just been to a castle it was mint this women took a roof of her house cause she didnt like her sons wife strange aint it 
anyone wanna a chat x <3 
i fink the clocks go back now or at 1 really confused :S 
Is watching bb wiv a bag of malteasers this is the way god planned it lol 
;'( hwk is to hard 
Sm ppl make me wanna screeeeeam 
if anyone sees mr vintis tell him sam needs 2 talk 2 him 
WATS UP EVERYONE 
Comment if u got the injection and it really hurt cause I missed my second 1 XD but I gotta go 2 the docs 2 get it : L 
Bored so ..... 
like my status and I'll rate u out of 10 and put wat I like love and HATE about u <3 
3yrsold : " Mammy , I love you " . 10 yrs old : " Mam whatever ! " 16 yrs old : " OMG ! My Mam is so annoying ! " 18 yrs old : " I wanna leave this house . " 25yrs old : " Mam , you were right . " 30 yrs old : " I wanna go back to my Mam's house . " 50 yrs old : " I dont wanna lose my Mam . " 70 yrs old : " I ...... would ...... give up EVERYTHING for ... my ...... Mam ... to be here with me . " U ONLY HAVE 1 MAM ! Post this if u Appreciate your Mam ?? 
Has turned 2 family guy OH NO RUPERTS DEAD 
hiyaaaaaaaaa 
soooooooooooooooooooooo tired 
Yay bedes closed 2day just got me txt wooooo 
back to 13 
I dreamt about u last niht but I'm not sure I shud tell u how I feel cause I don't fink u like me in the same way : L 
Not at skl 2day hurt me neck ;( 
is listenin to her music and dancin like a crazed lunatic :P 
<3 
Pls bede I'm now beggin pls dnt snd me 2 skl 
depressive music on , feel depressed finkin of the futuer stuff like tht dont fink itll go as planned damn growin up 5 yr old sam thought life wud be a brezze god 
OMG in the bb audiece 
Anyone wanna chat :D 
red is anger blue is sad yellow is hope black is death white is nothing green is jealousey and pink is love <3 comment pls 
SOMEONE TALK 2 ME PLS 
That's it I'm putting the song ' all by myself , don't wanna be aaaaaall by myyyyyself ' 
Is skl closed 2moz cause ppl r sayin it is but I don't trrrust them ? 
Anyone who finks i cant sing like this 
Goin 2 newcastle 2moz wiv hannah woohoo i get a starbucks thy shud hav 1 in blyth 
Wokeup the mornin thinking it was Friday damn 
Hiya ppl wuu2 
Tis dy is dragging by soooooooooo slwly I've already gt me stockin at th end of me bed ! Can Santa nt cm in the day like ! 
let it snow let it snow let it snow ;) <3 
wow the second day of skl was excacly the same as the 1st :'( 
Niht ppl sleep tight luuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuv u all hav good dreamz ! Sunday 2moz grrrrrrrr hate sundays ( damn sundays ) hope u enjoy ur sunday 
Is awke and ready for anything 
Wishes we had a few more weeks off :( 
just found out me chat was broken 4 all of this morning if u were tryin 2 talk 2 me soz its only just workin now 
Not at skl 2day so it looks like i getta miss the carol service woop woop . Nt skyvin like im genarally ill 
Goin 4 a midnight marathon of friends season 1-4 xD x <3 c yas 
Finkin bout gettin black ops . Anybody tell me if it's gd or nt 
has spent most of the day in bed fenk god theres no skl 2morrow mornin 
HELLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ANYBODY THERE 
smbody added me to the joseph cast ( which im not part of :( 
who tf is jessica and wat the hell did her dad post on fb tht was so terrible : L 
Got me jab 2day god it hurts my arms dead im doin this 1 handed lawl 
Answering doors 2niht woop woop <3 x 
Inbox is ur mobile numbers 
y cant 2day huzy up already :( 
NEXT TO THE SHOE RACK 
Damn it fb chat aint workin any ideas how i can make it work wivout it endin in a broken computer 
was dreamin bot fb last niht and other dodgy fings i shud reslly stop stayin up till 2 it knacks me dreams lol 
I WAS NEVER BORN CHECK MY PRFILE C Y 
Has just been kicked of the wii lawl 
im up 4 a chat 
Is readin one of the sadest books I own it mks me wanna cry :'( 
is watchin bb wiv a bag of minstrals mmmmmmmmmmm :D x 
Had just woken up and can't wait to go on the boat 
thinks if their is a god every1 at bede shud go into heaven cause we aint gonna spend so long at a christian skl only to find out were goin in a eternity in hell 
R we off all week or nt cause looooooads of ppl r saying we r 
is actually down on her knees begging for it to snow all niht 2niht ! PLS BEDE WE CANT GO IN THAT ITS FFFFFRRRRRREEEEEEZZZZZIIIINNNNG ! although its diff wen were havin a snowball fight ;) 
Pls tell me were of 2morrow then I will be HAPPY !!!!! 
Mornin ppl x 
:( do not want the day 2 end its been a gr8 day :D 
Damn it bein beaten on will by dad lol defo christmas 
IM SO SORRY 
AAAAAA a 
IT'S SUNDAY 2 DAY 
OMFG ITS SKL ON TUESDAY I HATE TUEDAYS AND SUNDAYS 
Oh god another science test I CANT DO SCIENCE I GOT A D why am i in set 2 i shud be in set 8 
OMG i got cadburys milk 2 say happy bday 2 me check it out loads of random ppl hav wished me a happy bday 
Really wants 2 chat wiv someone 
I havent actually realized its 2011 yet it just doesnt feel like a new year :P 
Im stiil awke ppl get up and talk 
LMAO WHO GOES RUNNING WITH SHORTS ON IN THE WINTER ! :D 
hey who got caleed to reception da moring 
WTF ITS SNOWIN ! :O 
Skl 2moz ;( 
I want to be Oli he is awesome :D 
Just got me 2nd injection woo , where Is this pain everyone was complaining bout 
Is at pleasure beac riht now in line for the big one been on it be4 but really glad she's goin on again ! Wooooooooooooohoooooooo ! 
OMG BRIAN WON 
Bede pls let me of 2 day it's cold outside :( 
Arrrr i dnt want christams to end its such a happy holiday plus i dnt like boxing day . It just a day but noooo it gets a name :( 
Is soooooooooooooooo tired 
im nakerd slepp tight facebookers xxx 
Tired :[ 
if ur my m8 like my status if u think im awesome nd/or u r rel8ed aswell comment on this . put this on ur status and c wot u get 
is lookin 4 a chat and is so glad she doesnt have to go to skl cause she cant be BOVERED 
Tryin 2 pick a new name leave ur comments of wat u fink i can put as ma new mane cause ma mind is blanc 
PPL PLSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS TALK 2 MEEEEEEEEEEEEEE 
Is sittin on her bed and watchin season 2 of friends :D 
Has just been out 4 a meal in blackpool . goin to blackpool tower 2moz ! Woohoo 
guy 1 : OMG his head has been smashed open , call 999 its a freakin emergency !!! 
guy 2 : Dude chill its a snowman -.- 
hiya everyone like my status and ill tell u wat i think of u xx 
My book better come 2 day i realllly reallllly want it 2day 
i mean name 
Is goin 2 an animal sanctuary 2day wiv jack 
just had the best ice cream ever , wild cherry 
:) 
ARRRRRR i wanna go back toooooooooooo bed but im up now damn stupid sleep clock 
Pls keep liking my previous status I'm bored again 
Lmao at friends lol joey 
OMG blacpool tower was amazin the circus was brill ! headin back now don't wanna leave :( 
Hi 
plssssssssss dont ignore me ppl 
Still wraped up in bd hd realy weird dremz last niht 
Heyaaaaaa like me status and I'll tell u wat I think of u 
wants to go back to bed but cant be bovered to move from computer 
n o-o ne will get this all right ! - My name and surname , my age , my primary and secondry school , my birthday , my favourite colour , eyecolour , my favourite drink , my mums name , my bestfriend's name . Put this as your status and see who knows you best Comment below .....? 
Wats everyone doin 2day ? 
grrrrrrrrrrrr just been knocked of the computer by the internet 
Finks if ppl don't like is they shud say it 2 me face 
ANY1 IN 8.2 HISTORY WAT KINDA FACTFILE DOES HE WANT LIKE THE 1 8.2 DID 4 GEOGRAPHY OR A HUGE 1 
tired now i just wrote this wivout lookin its really hard 
Night night ppl have a good sleep and enjoy ur hols I'm goin 2 Newcastle 2morrow whoohoo I'm gonna buy loaaaaaaads more clothes 
Hiya ppl ugh 2 weeks left then back to .............. ughhhhhhh really dont wanna fink bout that whos wiv me 
Is findin out wat time it is 
GOOOOOOD MORNIN PPL HOPE U ALL HAD GOOD DREMZ , SATURDAY 2DAY SOOOOO MUCH BETTER THEN SUNDAY AND MONDAYS I HATE SUNDAY ITS LIKE A GRRRRR DAY FOR ME ! 
362 days i fink woop woop cnt wait 
Can't wait untill tue ilyooooo Hannah and Jack can't wait to go to blyth ;) 
hiyaaaaaaaaaaa every body wats u all doin 
WOOOOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOOO BRIAN WON !! 
PPL TALK 2 ME THIS IS RUNNIN REALLY SLOW SO I CANT PLAY ON ME NIGHT CLUB ;) 
is lookin 4 someone to chat pls talk to her 
ANYONE WANNA CHAT ANYONE 
PPL ADD UR SELF TO MY EDWARD PICS IF UR ON HIS TEAM PLSSS 
Can somebody tell me the time cause the iPod says it's 17:53 
LIKE MY STATUS AND ILL TELL U WAT I THINK OF U 
haha my hairs been wet since last year 
Goin to the metro centre to day can't wait wats everyone doin to day ???????????? 
Like my status and I'll tell u wat I think of u 
Aaaaaaa it's Sunday 2day ( I hate damn Sundays ) I've got a tough choice 2day ...... Shud I get outa bed or not ? =\ 
if your single put this as your status .. And if someone inbox's you a ? They want to change that :) ?? 
im kinda tired but a cant be bovered 2 go 2 sleep 
Riht just foned bede says there makin a decison 2moz at 6:30 
PPl y do u go 2 sleep its booooooooooooooring stay up and talk cmon 
Oh man where did all me credit go ! Oh yer I keep foneing people wen I don't wanna fone them I'm like walkin doon the street and I hear ppl talkin on me fone turns out I rang them bout half an hour ago 
Heyaaaaaa ppl anyone up 4 a competiton 
PPL talk 2 me soacil contact neeeeeeeded 
Do ppl not like talkin back to me on the chat thing i mean im kinda annoyin but thats just plain rude 
Is happy cause she's allowed sugar after Friday :) 
Pls pls 
IM FREAKIN OUT ABOUT GOIN BACK TO SKL CAUSE I DONT HAVE A DAMN BIBLE ! if anybody doesnt hav pte on the same day or same time will u pls lend it 2 me ! pls 
Somebody talk 2 me 
Niht niht 
Back from Blackpool ;( really upset hloiday blues 
If ur my m8 like this if ur a bezzie comment if u luv me do both ;) 
Oh gawd a need a boyfriend desparately :'( 
anyone wanna chat pls im desprete ive been talkin to my bedroom wall for half an hour before i realized " oh i hav fb " 
hi ppl ugh y do ppl sleep there were like 20 odd ppl on the chat thing now there r 13 wake up and talk ppl ;) 
change your Facebook profile picture to a 
cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the 
same , for the NSPCC . Until Monday ( December 6th ) , there should be no 
human faces on Facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is a campaign 
to stop violence against children 
is not tired and wishes there was no such fing as tired ] 
heya ppl goin to New york in america on wed 1st september till sun 5th september cant wait x 
merry christmas eve every1 <3 
OMG they were terible that group wiv the small Ginger lad 
Like this and ill rate u outta 10 
Mock the week makes me lawl . GOD im soooooo tired 
hmmmmmmmm there r voices in my head and they say ... hiyaaaaaaa 
is upset that skl is 6 days away 
to all the ppl who didnt say hi bk :'( 
It still doesnt feel like christmas : L 
Nothing 
hiya ppl wat u all up 2 
and pls talk to me 
oh god its only 4:11 and its already friction dark 
I'm in London riht now it's sooooo much fun 
:D :) :D :) 
Is upset that we hav to go to sklin a few weeks :( wanna stay off for a year that sounds fun don't it no skl for a whole year 
:'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( skl is on Tuesday 
Like my status and I'll tell u eat I like luv and hate bout u 
i dnt understand y u go2 sleep wen u get a lie in , bt i stay up till hlf 1 nd i hav 2 get up at 6 : L 
Who's done their ti hwk 
gonna go watch corpses bride c ya fb 2moz ;) 
;D HIYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA 
Heyaaaaaaaaaaa eatin aeros at the moment there luuuuuuuuuuuuush 
ok my new year revolution is a clean slate wanna change everyfing this year and try to fix fings ;) 
Just woke up feels like death 
hiya ppl if ur me m8 like this if u think ur a bezzie comment if u luv me like and comment x :p 
BEEN 2 NEWCASTLE 2DAY BOUGHT A BOOK , EAARINGS AND A PENCIL CASE WHICH MEANS ............. 
anyone wanna chat plsssssssss 
Goin to Newcastle 2moz 4 skl stuff :( oh well I get to go to the apple store and clothes shoppin but we still only hav a week and somic left . Why cudnt the skl hav like 12 weeks of like they do in America :( 
i get called fake by a group of guys wen walkin wiv em is a lass tht looks like an orange barbie doll : L 
is it just my fb fing or is fb in pirate 
i hope the sun stays much better wen its hot : L 
ive made so many regrets in the past tht im annoyed wiv myself ! how annoyed is future sam wiv me :S 
I'll get b , y I'll survive , When the world's crashing down , When I fall and hit the ground I will turn myself around , Don't you try to stop me I won't cry 
tht feelin of losin ur best friend nd realising ther gone for good :( 
It's nice to know you were there 
Thanks for acting like you cared 
And making me feel like I was the only one 
It's nice to know we had it all 
Thanks for watching as I fall 
And letting me know we were done 
Is in love ...... wiv money ;) 
???????????????????????? 
??????????????????????? 
????????????????????? 
???????????????????? 
A girl asks a boy out . He says no . She feels awful for a while , maybe cries for a bit , but eventually gets over it . 
A boy asks a girl out . She says no . He takes it to heart , and is forever fearful to ask again . 
^ This is why boys are always afraid to ask girls out . ^ 
^this is a like which is so rong girls feel heartbroken 4eva so thy cn stuff themselves 
meeting random ppl on pgs lol 
walkin bk 2 car nd opened door , sat down only then 2 c ma mam callin on me tellin me i was in rong car : L 
havent actually slept yet i fink ill do tht now :) 
Is actually fallin in love wiv her bed but doesn't want to go to sleep 
Goin 2 grans c ya fb b back soon 
is in her pjs wrapped up in bed watchin friends where chandler and monica get together wiv a bowl of aero mmmmmmmmmmm 
Mornin ppl I reeeeeeeeeeeeealy don't wanna get up cause in 2 more days ...... WE GOTTA GO TO SKL :'( 
off 2 watch final destination 3 :D 
Is glad the x factor is over some ppl really shudnt sing 
I cant resist buterkist :D 
Is gettin ready 4 skl ;( art 2day baaaaaad 
Eating burgers while lighting fireworks happy bonfire night 
Lol just killed me sim rip Rick rip <3 
an argument is 2 sided incase SOME PEOPLE didnt know 
Open your eyes and look outside , find the reasons why . 
You've been rejected , and you can't find what you left behind . 
Be strong , be strong now . 
Too many , too many problems . 
Don't know where she belongs , where she belongs . 
She wants to go home , but nobody's home . 
It's where she lies , broken inside . 
Sm1 help me did mr hall collect our books in pls tell me 
is so dammed annoyed god sm ppl 
anyone in set 2 history wat did mr leverton say was the ddue who started the slave trade or did somic wiv it ' sir Fredric ?..... 
like this nd ll rate u outt 10 nd tell u wati ike luv nd hate bout u 
I didnt even stay up l8 last night , i cba 2 even get outa bed : L 
16 
like his ndill rate uoutof 10 ndtell u wat i like luvnd hate boutu : L 
15 to 13 then back to 15 make up ur mind 
i dont wear me glasses wen i go out , i dont hav my hair up and i wear Normal clothes pls think bout tht next time u look at me ! 
any1 in 8.2 math dn hwk yet ?? / : L 
Cud sm1 get me frame for is from engineering thx <3 
Boyfriends may come and go , but if you love someone you will do anything to keep them by your side :) 

Copy and paste this as your status if you love someone you never want to loose and you always want a relationship with 
It may not last long but keep the hope and be happy whilst you do have it . ? ? 
LOL hearing ppl go on bout how gr8 wensleydale was then ppl from deleal tellin every1 how crap deleval was LMAO 
ok is ay1 elsegettin tese random fingspoppin up in chat sayin this blah blah fingy shud b stoned ??? 
Trust no one except yourself , never let anyone to close itll hurt when they leave , never cry to much save it for a big event , dont live life to the full just enjoy it then on ur deathbed u can say u enjoyed it : L , try to look at smone on the inside not on the outside , if u dont like me tell me im a big girl , i dont wanna sit here and cry i wanna stand and laugh , dont change stay the same i like u 4 u . 
is watchin ugly betty . Soooooo tired 
at the beach last niht wiv Jack Vintis , Jessica Connelly and more random ppl lol best niht ever 
OMG i gotta go 2 skl 2moz :'( and i gotta sing to mr dobson i thought it was a good idea at 1st so i sang to me family yer it turns out its a baaaaaaaaaaaad idea 
i waiting 4 Hannah Kate Absalom 2 cm on , my hw ntdo itself -___- 
like this if you would be upset if i died , put this as your status and see who really cares about you ? 
Heyy eery1who a at bac 2niht wer goin at 4 inste of 5 now :) :) <3 xx aboloutly min nihtlik wiv Jack Vintis and Jessica Connelly lmao u wer soked 
finally my hair listens 2 me :D 
playin just dance ffs im tired 
Sooooo tired 
wednsdays r me faaaaaaaave why were ppl starin at me and max 2day in science ? 
Newcastle won 
Gt my new fone cove lks abs brill :D 
Ppl staring at me thru the winow while playin jst dance 2 -____- 
If you're not scared put this on your status and see what people rate you . ( 1 ) Crazy . ( 2 ) I'd marry you . ( 3 ) Loyal . ( 4 ) Sarcastic . ( 5 ) I miss you . ( 6 ) I love you . ( 7 ) Pretty . ( 8 ) Smart . ( 9 ) Imaginative . ( 10 ) Random . ( 11 ) Smexyy . ( 12 ) Funny . ( 13 ) In need of medication ( 14 ) Amazing . ( 15 ) Tough . ( 16 ) Cute . ( 17 ) I'd hit you . ( 18 ) A BFF 
Ahhhhh grandparents been new pjs for 2niht , luv christmas :) 
Goin 2 skl soon :/ 
the feeling of defeat when ur grandma beats u at just dance :( 
night facebookers am gannin 2 sleep wait nooooo im not am ganna watch tv ill go to sleep wen i really need to 
Is newsham on 2 day 
whos in 8.2 engineering cause i cnt find transisto sheet : L 
18 ppl wooooooohooooooo 
has got the hiccups any ideas how to stop em 
PUTTHIS AS YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU ! 
1 Random l 2 Babe l 3Sweet l 4 Beautiful l 5 Talkitive l 6 Hot l 
7 Fit l 8 Funny l 9 I Love You l 10 Gorgeous l 11 The Best l 
12 Awsome l 13 Amazing . ??? 
13 ppl on and i wud like to say im not a cow 2 anyone confused out there 
doin this cause me game aint workin 
like this and ill rate u otta 1o and say wat i love <3 like xx and HATE >:( bout ya 
Reall wishs bde Acadmy wud stop doin musicl productions i cnt sing :( 
who goes trick or treatin ive never done it b4 
i had a really weird dream last night , bede academy closed and we were all like in are 30s and ned flanders was there ? 
Te quiero mucho para que el bebé . i te extraño y te necesito de nuevo que no puedo vivir sin ti ! a boysn this to his ex nd she didntundersand waht it sed nd wnt offine , it says I love you so baby . i miss you and I need you again I can not live without you ! 
Is lookin outside with her fingers crossed ! I am nt goin 2 skl 2moz and THATS IT ! 
any1 goin 2 the beach 2day : L 
Like my status and I'll tell u wat I love like and HATE about u ! 
it seems a certain Jessica Connelly has copied my profile picture :P xx 
i it to late to go to bed or to early to go to bed : L 
fink mayb its tme 2 go 2 slee now 
R IZAAC AND DANNI GOIN OUT OR R THEY BROKE UP CAUSE IM REAAAAAAAAAAAAAALY CONFUSED :S 
this is funny ! I got cadburys dairy milk to widh me a happy bday ohnestley type cadburys dairy milk in the search engine and like em if u havent then go down untill u see the post happy bday sam . AM SICK OF PPL GETTIN SHOUT OUTS SO NOW IT WAS MY TURN LIKE THIS WEN UVE READ IT AND ALL DA COMMENTS 
is watchin glee with a mini cake 
Wishes life was like a movie sometime : find perfect guy huge twist but ever1 ends up happy , romantic movies :P 
Is very annoyed wiv bede ! Hav u seen the weather 
is absolutely disgusted- Muslims broke the 2 minute silence in Central London with banners saying " British Soldiers Burn In Hell " and the burning of poppys . If you don't like us english people paying respect for our brave fighters then you know where the airport is . Put this as your status if you're English and proud - R.I.P our brave fighters ????? 
I really hope sm1 I like is in mr turnahms group otherwise this is going 2 be soooooooooo boring ! 
depressive pics 
DAMN NOTIFICATIONS I HAV ALREADY SEEN U ! 
nt long now :D 
Sunday 2 day damn hate Sundays there sooooo annoyin 4 more days of skl wooooo can't wait for it to be over and have 1 week of no hwk gettin up early doin work but still it's a Sunday so DAMN 
I hav spent all day 2 day inside and I don't feel like breakin my inside time 4 skl thx u very much 
I don't wanna go 2 skl bede 
how many ppl have had a 13th bday since goin back 2 skl 
is sitting on a sofa in the middle of a forest with a purple pig and an elf who is holding a chicken that barks 
Lawl elf so funny lmao 
Hope u all hav a brill christmas lmao of wat a got ! Got everyfing i wanted actually this is me fave christmas 
i can feel it entering my mouth slowly lickin the top of it , in and out out in and out god i luv ice lollys :S 
MAKE THIS YEAR THE BEST 
4GET THE MISTKES MADE IN 2010 
COPY AND PASTE TO YOUR STATUS B4 MIDNIGHT ON NEW YEARS EVE 
^^^^^^^^^^^| 
| Coca-Cola Truck ‘|” " ” ; .., ___ . 
| ______ ===|= _|__| , ] | 
“ (@) ’ (@) ” "" *l'(@)l'(@)**l'(@) 
Holidays are coming ..... Put this as your status and keep the truck going ... yay xxx 
:P tired woke up at 7:30 couldnt get back to sleep 
I Am Boring Okay . :P Copy this onto your status and see what people rate you . :D 
|| Red - I Love You . ||Pink- You Are Cute . || Green- You Are Funny . || 
Orange - I Like You . || White- You Are Crazy . ||Yellow - I'll Kiss You . || 
Black - I Hate You . || Blue - I Want A Long Lasting Relationship With You . 
||Purple - You Are ... ( answer pleas ... 
Seriously losing my mind hurry up I need to know !!!!!!!! 
Nobodys comin 2 me hoose , we got loooooads of candy 
DESCRIBE ME USING ONE WORD !.... Set this as ur status and see how many replies u get ; ? :) :) 
sittin nxt to the computer and the fone went off i jumped and fell on the floor 
Omg such pretty fireworks 
How annoying would it be if you got an I.O.U. on Christmas morning ? 
ur so lucky skivers but bedes onto u 
fantastic christmas got a new fone me sis got an ipod absolutely fantastic christmas 
just finished watchin final destination 3 and 4 . didnt know u cud fit tht much gore in a movie lmao 
OMFG ME MAM JUST PUT FRICTION SNOW DOWN ME BACK ! :O 
I have hypocondia ;) 
Best christmas ever thx to me mam and dad and lil sis ! Thx for my new fone and all the other fantastic prezzies ! 
where the hell did all this snow come from ! :O 
On me new fone god love christmas family comin over soon ahhhhhh more presents :) 
like this if your glad we met , 
put this as your status and see how many likes you get xx 
inbox me ur numbers 
HAPPY NEW YEr rip 2010 u were amazing 
Ok u may be a dame for 2011 but it doesn't mean ur gonna suddenly look good ! :P 
Like my status and I will write our friendship percentage on your wall : 
10% - I don't know you . 
20% - We don't speak . 
30% - We say hello sometimes . 
40% - We talk sometimes . 
...... 50% - We're friends . 
60% - We're good friends . 
70% - We're close friends . 
80% - You mean a lot to me . 
90% - Best friends . 
100% - I would take a bullet for you ???? 
<3 s it wen those pants u havent worn since middle skl still fit u perfectly 
Absolutely full havent even had christmas dins yet wat did every1 get though 
spent the whole day in newcastle 2day wnt to see santie :D hawkins bizzare is mint 
Riht I am offically sick of st. bede academy . Every time I type in bede they cm up . It's so annoying 
Thank u bede academy so much 
inbox me ur numbers pls 
Yes were of just gt me txt wooohoo 
Ok bede lk outside it's really bad does anyone know if bede r finkin bout letting us off : L 
OMG I'm so hungry , I haven't eat since last year :O 
whos wiv mr turnahm 2moz 
POKE ] me if you ever had a crush on me or still do . 
[ LIKE ] This status if you think am a good friend . 
[ MESSAGE ] me if you ever wanted a relationship with me . 
[ COMMENT ] On this if we have had good memories . 
NOW LET'S SEE WHO'S BRAVE ENOUGH TO COPY THIS AND PUT ON THEIR STATUS 
... xxxxxx ? 
for gods sake y cant christmas be 2morrow this week is draggin :( 
is watching a dog meow at a cat tht barks 
I may not beleive in a God but im sure theirs someone watching over us now , tomorrow and forever 
like : if were friends :) 
comment : if were good friends :D 
poke : if you ever liked me :P 
inbox : if you like me xD 
copy and pasted this to your status and see what you get :D ?? 
Ive just realised tht were off skl 4 two friction weeks ! Thank god ! 
Gr8 day wiv Hannah Absalom and Matthew Butcher freezin me ass of ! Wrapped up really wrm and still cold never goin to the beach agin 
niht fbookers im bored now :P LOL 
is bored wishes tht bede wud close 45mins earlier :P 
Just woke up ;) goin to me grans 2day more prezzies <3 
Just got me new laptop how long till i get bored of it ? ;) 
-__- 
1st to like this - freee hugs all week :D 
2nd -i will write a little paragraph on your wall 
3rd - will get an interesting inbox off mee 
4th - gets to say what my status is : L 
ok im bored cause my gaames went dodgy so .... 
like my statues nd ill write on your wall .... 
:) - were gd friends 
:/ - were ok 
:( - i wish i knew u better 
>:( - i really hate u 
<3 - i like u 2 much 
OK THTS IT IM OFFICALLY SIK NOW 
I GET IT I HAV SPOTS I HAV BRACES ND WEAR GLASSES BT DO U FINK I DIDNT REALISE U DNT HAV 2 POINT THEM OUT FFS 
lmao at peter allan in art 2day absoloutely class 
1st person to like my status - Can choose my next status on comment :) 
2nd person to like my status - Can be my middle name NEXT week :P 
3rd person to like my status - I'll write i love you on youir wall ? 
4th person to like my status - I will answer any question ( inbox only tho ) : L xxx 
