I can't wait to spend my life within your arms my Saviour ... whatever it takes I wanna make eye contact with you !! 
Would you please hear me my Lord ... 
Michael Jackson .... so sad ... 
Hold on , There will be tomorrow , In time You will find the way ... 
Julie where are you !!! 
In love with this song cause .... tu tienes la llave de mi corazon 
Give me eyes of faith and a tender heart , so that I may always be sensitive to opportunities to minister Your love and truth . 
Oremos por Honduras !!! es hora de actuar !! que Dios tenga misericordia de nosotros y confunda la mente de los que solo piensan en su bienestar 
Cualquier tribulación momentánea produce en ti un cada vez más excelente y eterno peso de gloria . 
UNA VIRTUD OLVIDADA JOSUE 24:14 Si caminas en integridad , andarás confiado , más si perviertes tus caminos serás quebrantado . Si detestas la mentira , serás un hombre bueno , más si mientes continuamente , serás un malvado y quedarás en vergüenza . No 
Paris make me cry !! 
People dont change , they just become more of what they really are . 
Bien Ramon si Joni no me llama esta semana for real I'm not going a tu graduación !!!! 
He's Irresistible , You can't get Him out of your mind , You can't get Him off your hand , You can't outlive Him and you can't live without Him . Death couldn't handle Him and the grave couldn't hold Him ... That's my King !!! 
Take me to a place without no pain ... 
Somewhere over the rainbow ..... way up high .... lalala 
Take me to a place without no name ... lalala 
Dios nuestro que tu Justicia siga cayendo sobre nuestro Pais , Ten misericordia de Honduras , cuida a las personas en la Frontera , Declaramos Victoria sobre Honduras = Tu Justicia . 
Dios guardara en perfecta paz a quien en ti tu pensamiento persevera !! Justicia Señor Justicia !!! 
" When you don't know what to say , let My Word do the talking ! " 
Going back home soon very sson !!! yeah !!! 
is listening Blind by Lifehouse 
Goodbye !! 
Smile , what's the use of crying ? You'll find that life is still worthwhile If you just smile 
Changing Changing tired of some people but finally got it 
Wow it seems that everyone has a LaToya in their families .... go figure ..... 
TTYM LOL LIZZY 
Love , liberty Disco !!!! 
Dying for a frozen mokka 
God will make a way !! 
" You'd never know , should your pain quickly flee , What it means that My grace is sufficient for thee . Yes , your dearest dreams overnight would come true , But , oh , the loss , if you missed what I'm doing in you . 
Perhaps they feel that if they don't expect too much from God , they can avoid the pain of being let down ...... 
Never fails me , NEVER DID , NEVER WILL Jesus blood never fails me 
I wish the official Michael Jackson Opus for my B-day ..... 
Goodbye for now ... Goodbye for now so long ... 
For sure you rock my world ... lol 
" If you enter this world knowing you are loved and you leave this world knowing the same , then everything that happens in between can be dealt with . " MJ 
Let God araise !! 
Freedom !!! Justicia y Libertad !!!!!! 
Carlos Costly will you marry me ??? lol 
Happy Happy ever after ..... !!!! 
So , be silent , my child , and in time you will see That the greatest of gifts is to truly know me . And though oft My answers seem terribly late , My most precious answer of all is still . . . Wait . " 
¿Quién es ésta que se muestra como el alba , Hermosa como la luna , Esclarecida como el sol , Imponente como ejércitos en orden ? CdC 6:10 ! La voz de mi amado ! He aquí él viene Saltando sobre los montes , Brincando sobre los collados . CdC 2:8 
My King was born king 
If everyone will stop and listen , Break the cycle , Find your rhythm , Share the gift that you been given ... You can ... you can change the world , You can change the world with Love , with everything you are made of . 
Short memories harden the heart . Make careful note of God’s blessings . Declare with David : “[I will ] daily add praise to praise . I’ll write the book on your righteousness , talk up your salvation the livelong day , never run out of good things to write or say” ( Psalm 71:14 -15 MSG ) . 
La creatividad nace de la angustia asi como el dia nace de la noche . Albert Einstein 
12 Ahora vemos por espejo , oscuramente ; mas entonces veremos cara a cara . Ahora conozco en parte ; pero entonces conoceré como fui conocido . 13 Y ahora permanecen la fe , la esperanza y el amor , estos tres ; pero el mayor de ellos es el amor . El amor nunca deja de ser ; pero las profecías se acabarán , y cesarán las lenguas , y la ciencia acabará .... I Cor 13 ( 12 , 13 , 8 ) 
kind of sad i guess ... pms ... who knows ?? lol 
May the Lord bless you and protect you . May the Lord smile on you and be gracious to you . May the Lord show you his favor and give you his peace . ’ Num 6 : 24-26 
Me lo dijo Adela ..... hahahhahah sure Jules 
New look jajajaj 2010 para south africa 
George O´Malley Died !!! why .... 
Ensancha el sitio de tu tienda , y las cortinas de tus habitaciones sean extendidas ; no seas escasa ; alarga tus cuerdas , y refuerza tus estacas . Porque te extenderás a la mano derecha y a la mano izquierda ; y tu descendencia heredará naciones ( Isaías 54:2 -3 ) 
Does he love us because of our goodness ? Because of our kindness ? Because of our great faith ? No , he loves us because of his goodness , kindness , and great faith . John says it like this : “This is love : not that we loved God , but that he loved us” ( 1 John 4:10 NIV ) . I’ll call nobodies and make them somebodies ; I’ll call the unloved and make them beloved” ( Rom . 9:25 MSG ) . 
Lord Help US !!! 
El futbol es el opio del pueblo big time .. whatever hay que trabajar eso es lo que este pais necesita . 
Smile .... if you just smile ..... 
No mires a su parecer , ni a lo grande de su estatura , porque yo lo desecho ; porque Jehová no mira lo que mira el hombre ; pues el hombre mira lo que está delante de sus ojos , pero Jehová mira el corazón . I Sam 16:7 
Alguien sabe que signfica un calendario de 45 Dias ?? ya google it y nada 
He stills moves stones ..... 
Insolito !!! me comi una baleada entera ..... que no se entere mi entrenador !! LOL 
Does the future press you with its worries and its care ? Are you tired and friendless , Have you almost lost your way ? Jesus will help you , just call on Him today . He is always there hearing every prayer faithful and true Walking by our side in His love we hide , all the day through . When you get discouraged just remember what to do , Reach out to Jesus , come on and reach out to Jesus , 
Heroism on command , senseless violence , and all the loathsome nonsense that goes by the name of patriotism - how passionately I hate them ! Albert Einstein 
Christ grew in Mary until he had to come out . Christ will grow in you until the same occurs . He will come out in your speech , in your actions , in your decisions . Every place you live will be a Bethlehem , and every day you live will be a Christmas . You , like Mary , will deliver Christ into the world . ML 
I've got a home in the sky , Gonna tell this world good-bye , You see I'm gonna fly away , One glad morning , When this life is over , I'll fly awayI'll , I will be free , free one !!! 
It was rather ironic that teenage girls with breast implants and rappers with violent and misogynistic lyrics spent the whole night thanking Jesus Christ , of all people . It's clearly by unchristian means that these alleged " friends of God " have made their " millions " . Marilyn Manson 11/27/99 after an award show .... not a friend of God at all but he get it .... 
I looked in the mirror , I saw average You looked down from heaven , you saw A gift Still can't figure out why you Loved me so but that's what makes You God I guess I'll never know `cause 
It’s the season to be jolly because , more than at any other time , we think of him . More than in any other season , his name is on our lips . And the result ? For a few precious hours , he is beheld . Christ the Lord . Those who pass the year without seeing him , suddenly see him . People who have been accustomed to using his name in vain , pause to use it in praise . . All of a sudden he’s everywhere . ML 
God’s plan is worth the cost of a delay . ” Hebrews 6:12 
sick sick ..... 
Everybody with your fists raised high ... stand beside or step aside ... We are on the frontline ... 
Now that I know what I'm without You can't just leave me Breathe into me and make me real Bring me to life , Frozen inside without your touch Without your love , darling Only you are the life among the dead 
Bastate mi gracia porque mi poder se perfecciona en tu debilidad . 
TAYLOR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! pura hombre vos ..... lol call me 
Soon very Soon we are going to see the King !!! no more crying , earthquakes .. etc ... I'm going to see my King 
God help Haiti .... let's Pray for those people who desperately need you 
I may not be perfect , but Jesus thinks I´m to die for !!! 
Hey Lizzy Let's go to the Milpa hahhahahhahahah 
At times life is wicked and I just can't see the light , A silver lining sometimes isn't enough To make some wrongs seem right Whatever life brings I've been through everything And know I'm on my knees again 
Beige/Pink 
mas cuando venga lo perfecto , entonces lo que es en parte se acabará 
see this jurney may not be easy you did not say that it would be sometimes i get so lonely and dishearted , oooo lord , and I just dont wanna be bothered then i began to think lord what have i done , to make this race so hard for me to run then i say to my soul , soul take courage The Lord will make a way somehow 
Lizzy ... Romea .... Romea .... Donde estas que no te veo ... pero si la policia te ve te agarra ??? Tocation a las 6 right ? lol call me 
Para los que desean en su corazon ayudar a Haiti el Miercoles Street Reach sale para alla , asi que si quieres ayudar con ropa , sandalias ( 7-10 ) y toallas sanitarias , pañales ... cosas que no son pesadas por favor call me at 3392-4959 o mandame un correo por Fb ... Dios te bendiga y muchas gracias por ayudar . 
If we cut up beasts simply because they cannot prevent us and because we are backing our own side in the struggle for existence , it is only logical to cut up imbeciles , criminals , enemies , or capitalists for the same reasons . C . S . Lewis LOL 
Loving you more my sweet saviour !!! 
Aquello que fue , ya es ; y lo que ha de ser , fue ya ; y Dios restaura lo que pasó . Ecle 3:15 
Oremos por Lester para que Dios lo protege y confunda las mentes de aquellos que por su ignorancia tomaron una mala decision : meterse con un hijo de Dios !!! La sangre de Jesucristo sobre tu vida amiguito !!! Es mas que obvio que estas destinado para algo grande solo a los grandes las cosas se les ponen dificiles pero nada que Dios no tenga en sus manos . 
Death couldn't handle ? him and the grave couldn't hold him !!!! THATS MY KING !! 
Single doesn't mean Available !!! lol 
El Principe Azul se destiñe con el primer lavado lol hhahahha 
Gracias Señor por ser tan fiel y misericordioso , Lester its back !!!! 
No , you may only call me " Mrs. Darcy " when you are completely , perfectly and incandescently happy . Mr. Darcy : And how are you this evening ... Mrs. Darcy ? 
Lord !!!! Te amo !!!! Te necesito !!! 
Experience : that most brutal of teachers . But you learn , my God do you learn . C.S. Lewis 
Please Sweet Saviour help me to stay awake .... this night !!! cafe cafe uhhhhh 
“Do not worry about tomorrow , for tomorrow will worry about itself . ” ( Mt . 6:34 )He should know . He is the Author of our story . And he has already written the final chapter . 
I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen : not only because I see it , but because by it I see everything else . C . S . Lewis 
... Perece el justo , y no hay quien piense en ello ; y los piadosos mueren , y no hay quien entienda que de delante la afliccion es quitado el justo . Entrará en la paz ; descansarán en sus lechos todos los que andan delante de Dios . ( Isaias 57:1 -2 ) 
so sad ....... to good to be true ..... elemental ..... not ever again !!! MCA 
The Pharisees couldn't stand him but they found out they couldn´t stop Him , Pilate couldn´t find any fault in Him , Herod couldn´t kill Him , Death couldn´t handle Him , and the grave couldn´t hold Him !!! That´s my KING !!!! 
So sad and tired de tanta gente hipocrita en este mundo por suerte esto va a acabar muy pronto 
There's gotta be more to life ..... 
Mira que te mando que te esfuerces y seas valiente ; no temas ni desmayes , porque Jehová tu Dios estará contigo en dondequiera que vayas . Josue 1:9 
Being kind to the poor is like lending to the Lord ; he will reward you for what you have done . Proverbs 19:17 
When you take food to the poor , that’s an act of worship . When you give a word of kindness to someone who needs it , that’s an act of worship . When you write someone a letter to encourage them or sit down and open your Bible with someone to teach them , that’s an act of worship . 
In the end , the prayer of Simeon was answered . “Simeon took the baby in his arms and thanked God ; ‘Now , Lord , you can let me , your servant , die in peace , as you said’” ( Luke 2:28 –29)One look into the face of Jesus , and Simeon knew it was time to go home . And one look into the face of our Savior , and we will know the same . Amen ML 
Julia espero que entendas mi mensaje subliminal hhahhaha reportate !!! call me 
Rather than see the man born blind as an opportunity for discussion , Jesus saw him as an opportunity for God . Why was he blind ? The man wasn’t a victim of fate ; he was a miracle waiting to happen . Jesus didn’t label him . He helped him . Jesus was more concerned about the future than the past . ML 
As I look up to the sky today , Well I can see you looking down on me , It brings a smile to my face again 
Dios bendice con tu amor y con esa paz que sobrepasa todo entendimiento y logica a la familia Suazo , Hector estas en casa . 
Not by might nor by power , but by my Spirit ... " Zechariah 4:6 
Loving and missing Peter Panda 
I wish I could stop dreaming with you and just see you and be in your arms forever my Saviour , my dream . 
Is it true today that when people pray 
Cloudless skies will break 
Kings and queens will shake 
Yes it's true and I believe it , 
I'm living for you 
“Trust in the Lord with all your heart , and lean not on your own understanding ; In all your ways acknowledge Him , and He shall direct your paths . ” ( Proverbs 3:5 -6 NKJV ) If we want God’s best for us in our situation , then we must put aside reasoning and rationale , and we must ask the Lord to cause HIS will and purpose to prevail . 
Mira que te mando que te esfuerces y seas valiente ; no temas ni desmayes , porque Jehová tu Dios estará contigo en dondequiera que vayas . Gracias Dios por otra oportunidad !! 
You are the only one who make me feel this way , You turn my night to day and I just came to say that you are the only one who took me in you been that kind of friend you are the only one !! 
There's gotta be more to life ...... 
Father Father help us 
All I need's another day 
Where I can't seem to get away 
From the many things that drag me down , yeah 
I'm sure you've had a day like me 
Where nothing seems to set you free 
From the burdens you can't carry all alone 
In your weakness He is stronger 
In Your darkness He shines through 
When you're crying He's your comfort 
When your all alone , He's carrying you 
All about Steve ... lol i love this movie 
Hypocrisy turns people away from God . When God-hungry souls walk into a congregation of wannabe superstars , what happens ? When God seekers see singers strut like Las Vegas entertainers . . . When they hear the preacher—a man of slick words , dress , and hair—play to the crowd and exclude God . When people enter a church to see God yet can’t see God because of the church , don’t think for a second that God doesn’t react . 
" Do not be afraid of those who kill the body but cannot kill the soul . Rather , be afraid of the One who can destroy both soul and body in hell . " Matthew 10:28 
I don't wanna Let You Down , 
But I can't even pick up myself . 
I only wanted to make you proud , 
But I don't think I can do this anymore . 
Por la fe Abraham , siendo llamado , obedeció para salir al lugar que había de recibir como herencia ; y salió sin saber a dónde iba . 
Por la fe también la misma Sara , siendo estéril , recibió fuerza para concebir ; y dio a luz aun fuera del tiempo de la edad , porque creyó que era fiel quien lo había prometido . 

Hebreos 11 : 8.11 
No one knows what goes on inside of your head 
And everything seems to be ok . 
And your the same as you've always been ( your the same ) 
If I'd listened , would you have talked to me ? 
skype : vanessa . lopez1982 
Someone once asked Billy Graham , " If Christianity is valid , why is there so much evil in the world ? " To this the famous preacher replied , " With so much soap , why are there so many dirty people in the world ? Christianity , like soap , must be personally applied if it is to make a difference in our lives . " Billy Graham 
“Even when there was no reason for hope , Abraham kept hoping—believing that he would become the father of many nations . For God had said to him , ‘That’s how many descendants you will have ! ’” Romans 4:18 NLT 
Jesus se que estas riendo y tomando cafe con mi abuelita , te amo . 
“You will not have to fight this battle . Take up your positions ; stand firm and see the deliverance the Lord will give you Do not be afraid ; do not be discouraged . Go out to FACE them tomorrow , and the Lord will be with you . " ( 2 Chronicles 20:17 NIV ) 
Esperad aún ahora , y mirad esta gran cosa que Jehová hará delante de vuestros ojos . 1 Sam 12:16 
“Speak , Lord . I am your servant and I am listening . ” I Samuel 3:9 
We expect God to speak through peace , but sometimes he speaks through pain 
We think we hear him in the sunrise , but he is also heard in the darkness . 
We listen for him in triumph , but he speaks even more distinctly through tragedy . 
And I pray they'll see Your grace 
Someday someday 
Someday 
May Your grace shine on me 
May Your grace shine through me 
You're everything I want to be 
And only You can set me free 
And I don't care what you think about me 
' Cause my Father knows me 
And I will be whoever He wants me to be'Cause I don't care 
What you think of me 
I don't care 
My Father , He knows me well 
Please God give me strength I can't do this anymore 
Pero ellos se alegraron en mi adversidad , y se juntaron ; 
Se juntaron contra mí gentes despreciables , y yo no lo entendía ; 
Me despedazaban sin descanso ; 
Como lisonjeros , escarnecedores y truhanes , 
Crujieron contra mí sus dientes . 
Señor , ¿hasta cuándo verás esto ? 
“I recall the many miracles He did for me so long ago . Those wonderful deeds are constantly in my thoughts . I cannot stop thinking about them . O God , Your ways are holy . Where is there any other as mighty as You ? You are the God of miracles and wonders ! You STILL demonstrate Your awesome power . ” ( Psalm 77:12 -14 TLB ) 
He´s Indescribable , He´s Invincible , He´s Irresistible , You can´t get him out of your mind , You can´t get Him off of your hand , You can´t outlive him and You can´t live without him , The Pharisees couldnt stand Him but they found at they couldnt stop Him , Pilate couldnt find any fault in Him , Herod couldnt kill Him , Death Couldnt handle Him and the grave couldnt hold him That´s My king !!! 
Nothing .. in the whole world will ever be able to separate us from the love of God . Romans 5:39 Even after generations of people had spit in His face , God still loved them . After a nation of chosen ones had stripped . Him naked and ripped His incarnated flesh , He still died for them . And even today , after billions have chosen to . 
Con todo mi corazon les agradesco sus deseos son el mejor regalo de cumple que Dios me dio les amo y que Dios llene aun mas sus vidas de bendiciones 
La vida te será más clara que el mediodía ; Aunque oscureciere , será como la mañana . Tendrás confianza , porque hay esperanza ; Mirarás alrededor , y dormirás seguro . Job 11:17 -18 
I need a Job ..... 
Ecclesiastes 3:7 says there is " a time to be silent and a time to speak . " We need to offer our lips to the Lord each day , and ask Him to make us sensitive and obedient to the leading of His Spirit in this area . I often like to pray as David did in Psalm “Set a guard , O Lord , over my mouth ; keep watch over the door of my lips . ” 
" A truly wise person uses few words . " Proverbs 17:27 
Happy are the people who walk , O Lord , in the light of your countenance . Psalm 89:15 , NRSV . Jesus didn’t fit the Jews’ notion of a Messiah , and so , rather than change their notion , they dismissed him . They expected lights and kings and chariots from heaven . What they got was sandals and sermons and a Galilean accent . And so , some missed him . And so , some miss him still . ML 
And my enemies , tried to come for meAnd they thought that my world was coming to an endAll the while you knewThat I would make it throughI feel closer to you now than when I first beganJesus you are , ( Jesus you are , Jesus you are)You are my sun right after the rainWherever you areI just wanna be near youI'm so glad I can hear you 
Julia .... Itzel que masculina esta tu voz ..... I miss the other one hahhahahahhah 
please voz de ardilla come backkkk hajjajajja 
You are the strength , that keeps me walking . 
You are the hope , that keeps me trusting . 
You are the light to my soul . 
You are my purpose ... you're everything . 
How can I stand here with you and not be moved by you ? 
Would you tell me how could it be any better than this ? 
Ray ray ray lol only two weeks y sera hecho , so excited 
Sabia que era la maldad etimologicamente hablando pero jamas la habia conocido de tan cerca .... 
Lately I've been going through some things that really got me down . I need someone somebody to help me come and turn my life around . I can't explain , I can't obtain it . Jesus your love is so , it's so amazing . It gets me high up to the sky , and when I think about your goodness it makes me wanna stomp , Makes me clap my hands . Makes me wanna dance and stomp , My brother can't you see I got the victory . STOMP !!! 
Hoy soñe con una persona a la que realmente no he tratado no se pero estaba bien raro el sueño I guess I should quit taking those pills para dormir lol 
No puedo encontrar una razon para seguir pero te encontre por ti puedo ver que hay un camino para mi me das razon para vivir , pues es ese amor que me rescata de la miseria y del dolor , I´m in love with you my Jesus 
No puedo hablar .... quiero mi voz again 
So blind , wish I could see you and hear you .... 
Behold , I stand at the door and knock . Revelation 3:20 , NASB 
Jesus always knocks before entering . 
He doesn’t have to . He owns your heart . 
If anyone has the right to barge in , Christ does . 
But he doesn’t 
That gentle tap you hear ? It’s Christ . 
La muerte tiene GPS ..... LOL 
God never gives up . When Moses said , “Here I am , send Aaron , ” God didn’t give up When Peter worshiped him at the supper and cursed him at the fire , he didn’t give up So , the next time doubt walks into your life remember the cross , where in holy blood is written the promise , “God would give up his only son before he’d give up on you . ” ML 
Once there was a little bunny who wanted to run away . So he said to his mother , “I am running away . ” “If you run away , ” said his mother , “I will run after you . ” “For you are my little bunny . “I am running away . ” “If you become a bird and fly away from me , ” said his mother , “I will be a tree that you come home to . ” 
Yo iré delante de ti y enderezaré los lugares torcidos ; quebrantaré puertas de bronce y haré pedazos cerrojos de hierro . 
Te daré los tesoros escondidos 
y los secretos muy guardados , 
para que sepas que yo soy Jehová , 
el Dios de Israel , 
...... que te pongo nombre . Is . 45:2 -3 
No me puedo dormir .... Idi es tu culpa 
He was born to be a man and became like a servant . Holiday travel . It isn’t easy . Then why do we do it ? Why cram the trunks and endure the airports ? You know the answer . We love to be with the ones we love May I remind you ? 
Life .... 
The sign of the saved is their concern for those in need . Compassion does not save them—or us . Salvation is the work of Christ . Compassion is the consequence of salvation . Max Lucado 
If an unrighteous , ungodly judge is willing to answer someone’s pleas for help , how much more will a holy and just God be ready and willing to answer His beloved when they cry out to Him for help ! ( Luke 18:1 -8 ) The Lord not only desires us to call on Him for help , but He encourages us , and challenges us , to call on Him with expectancy . 
Viendo el eclipse lunar bello !!! Jesus wink his eye for me awww aunque sea solo mi imaginacion , que bello seria ... 
Gracias Padre amado !!!! otra oportunidad para encontrarte 
Amo a Jesus pero esa gente que se las tiran de santos haciendo obras y haciendo las cosas para el Señor son lo peor de este mundo ... no hay que ir al mundo como dicen ... en las Iglesias y Ministerios hay mas maldad que afuera .... que pena por eso la gente ya no creen en Dios ni nada ... si no hay Amor que es equivalente a Jesus en estas personas y en estos lugares then .... help me Lord no quiero ser asi jamas 
A marvel that will tickle the mind , It´s unaccountable in actual time . 
But when we're free They will see What we were destined to be 
Cesia is the best sister in the world !!! 
Cada pueblo tiene a las gobernantes que se merece que Pueblo tan respetable el de Egipto !! 
Empty nation just a phase , redemptions on it's way . The people love to talk but they don't got that much to say . Generation of orphans whose hearts are all ablaze , Little light in a lot of darkness goes a long way . Freedom , hearts bleed , and I see them feedin poison . 
La iglesia está llena de varones cobardes , que tienen miedo de asumir una familia ; no quieren trabajar , prefieren que los mantengan los papás , tienen 30 años y lo único que quieren es " tocar la música " , que " Dios los lleve a las naciones " , sacar un disco y vivir del evangelio . Por eso se levantan tan pocos HOMBRES de DIOS en esta generación . Reaccionen , viejo , pongámonos serios una vez . Dante Gebel lol 
I try to give to the poor people for love what the rich could get for money . No , I wouldn't touch a leper for a thousand pounds ; yet I willingly cure him for the love of God . 
Mother Teresa 
What’s the cure for selfishness ? Get your self out of your eye by getting your eye off your self . Quit staring at that little self , and focus on your great Savior . Isn’t that a work of the Cross ? A smaller “I” and a greater Christ ? Max Lucado 
Life ........ 
Dios hara Justicia !!! Orando por la familia del pastor Marroquin 
A todos los que viven en la Colonia Trejo y Rio de Piedras desde el Miercoles anda un carro corrolla blanco vidrios obscuros 4 puertas , sospechoso . Que Dios nos guarde 
“Many seek an audience with a ruler , but it is from the Lord that man gets justice . ” 
Quien toma green coffee 800 ???? 
You calm the storms , and you give me rest . You hold me in your hands , You wont let me fold . You steal my heart , and you take my breath away . Would you take me in ? Take me deeper now . And how can I stand here with you and not be moved by you ? Would you tell me how could it be any better than this . Cuz you are all I want You're all I need , You're Everything 
life ..... 
Me volví y vi debajo del sol , que ni es de los ligeros la carrera , ni la guerra de los fuertes , ni aun de los sabios el pan , ni de los prudentes las riquezas , ni de los elocuentes el favor ; sino que tiempo y ocasión acontecen a todos . Eclesiastes 9:11 
It's the fire in my eyes 
And the flash of my teeth 
The swing in my waist 
And the joy in my feet . 
I'm a woman 
Phenomenally . 
Phenomenal woman 
That's me . 
-- Maya Angelou 
Su presencia : donde el arca esta donde las palabras son inadecuadas donde yo me rindo donde yo me entrego donde entonces yo disfruto donde ya no son mis acciones son las del en mi ! 
Que Calor !!!! 
If half the people in a room leave at the end of every five-minute interval and at the end of twenty minutes the next to last person leaves , how many people were in the room to start with ? A . 32 B . 28 C . 16 D . 12 E . 8 
Praise the Lord , O my soul ; all my inmost being , praise His holy name . Praise the Lord , O my soul , and forget not all His benefits -- who forgives all your sins and heals all your diseases , who redeems your life from the pit and crowns you with love and compassion , who satisfies your desires with good things so that your youth is renewed like the eagle’s . ” ( Psalm 103:1 -5 NIV ) 
So sad pero la gente ve semana santa como tiempo de playa y de fiesta ... la verdad es una verguenza que los satanistas sean mas solemnes con sus ritos en todo el mes de Octubre y esta solo es una semana y nada ok Jesus is alive !!! pero que lame excuse para no enfocarse y darle valor a su sacrificio .... as if el sol y el calor de esta pais se fueran a ir anytime soon 
He's Indescribable , He's Incomprehensible , He's Invincible , He's Irresistible , You can't get him out of your mind , You can't get Him off of your hand , You can't outlive him and You can't live without Him , The Pharisees couldn't stand Him but they found out they couldn't stop Him , Pilate couldn't find any fault in Him , Herod couldn't Kill him , Death couldn't handle Him and the Grave couldn't hold Him , That's my KING !!!! 
Gracias Señor por la vida del Pastor Wilkerson los angeles cantan ahora con el 
Jesus !!! Near enough to touch . Strong enough to trust . 
Malditos !!! esos dueños de Jardines del Recuerdo como espero en Dios que tengan su castigo , tan muertos de hambre estan por pisto que se inventan cosas para sacar mas dinero , mañana es dia de la madre y por eso lo hacen sin llamar ni avisar quitan y arruinan lapidas solo faltan que saquen al muerto y uno lo encuentre alli tirado , 
Well understanding You is somethin ' that will never happen 
I can't comprehend an inch of what You mend 
Eternally inside me grace so sufficiently 
That I am amazed at the fact that I exist 
raise the Lord , O my soul ; all my inmost being , praise His holy name . Praise the Lord , O my soul , and forget not all His benefits -- who forgives all your sins and heals all your diseases , who redeems your life from the pit and crowns you with love and compassion , who satisfies your desires with good things so that your youth is renewed like the eagle’s . ” ( Psalm 103:1 -5 NIV ) 
Calor Calor !!! o es la menopausia o realmente esta horrible LOL 
You must always rembember , confidence is knowing that your good , arrogance is wanting others to know your good . You decide ! Ramon Ramon Argenes Yacab 
“Oh , that we might know the Lord ! Let us press on to know Him . He will respond to us as surely as the arrival of dawn or the coming of rains in early spring . ” ( Hosea 6:3 NLT ) 
Cuando brotaron los impios como la hierba , y florecen todos los que hacen iniquidad , Es para ser destruidos eternamente . Salmos 92:7 
.. The sky grows 
Shadows , rising 
With the passing of time .... 
The sky sighs , 
Ebbing with tides 
Of predawn nothingness , 
And yet , 
Seas of everything created , 
" I have felt the presence of God my whole life . Even when I didn't have a name for it , I could feel the voice bigger than myself speaking to me , and all of us have that same voice . Be still and know it . You can acknowledge it or not . You can worship it or not . You can praise it , you can ignore it or you can know it . Know it . 
" La envidia es el homenaje que la mediocridad le hace al talento " 
God is for you . Not “may be , ” not “has been , ” not “was , ” not “would be , ” but “God is ! ”“If God is for us , who can be against us ? ” Romans 8:32 
El PORTAL deli !!! 
No , he is kind to you . Why don’t you be kind to yourself ? He forgives your faults . Why don’t you do the same ? . . . He believes in you enough to call you his ambassador , his follower , even his child . Why not take his cue and believe in yourself ? ML 
