If facebook was created earlier , would leonardo da vinci paint Monalisa ? 
5 automatic rifle lang sa mafia wars . Tapos check mo na rin yung vault and collection . 
melvin , penge automatic rifle sa mafia wars . 
7-Eleven Philippines 
Think Yellow ! In celebration of the EDSA People Power Revolution , Get 2 for P25 on Del Monte Fit ' n Right Pineapple 330mL . Let's drink to the strength of the Filipino people ! 

... just check their page . 
Understanding is the first step to acceptance and only with acceptance can there be recovery . - Dumbledore ( HP and the Goblet of Fire ) 
Trust but verify . 
- An American President 
What is more lonely than distrust ? 
The Emir had let his finger rest on the page of the Koran . The chief of the Ulemas then approached , & read in a loud voice a verse which ended with these words , " And he will no more see the things of this earth . " 
" Russian spy ! " exclaimed Feofar-Kahn in a voice trembling with fury , " you have come to see what is going on in the Tartar camp . Then look while you may . " 
- excerpts from Michael Strogoff by Jules Verne 
Attention Backyard Monsters Fans ! Im giving up my b-yard along with its op's . You may try visiting 473x422 , 474x423 , 474x422 , 473x421 , 472x422 , 472x423 , and 473x423 yards . This includes 1b-yard , 3no starter kit , 2 lvl2 starter kits and 1 lvl1 starter kits . I dont know but BM yards seem to have diff maps . Total capacity for each resouce for the whole lot is 40,815,000 . Total loots may sum to about 60,000,000 . 
Harry potter believed that Snape is an enemy until he founds out the bitter truth . ( SHAME ) 
" something need building ... me happy too . " -Peon of the Orc Clan , Warcraft 
" Freedooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooom ! " - from the movie Braveheart 
?????????? 
we met , 
became friends , 
exchanged smiles , 
and moments of laughter 
but now 
the frienship 
comes to be so silent 
that's why i text 2 remind you 
that i will always be a friend 
no matter how silent it becomes 
( thanks for the reminder ) 
???????????? ; ) 
" Your failure as a son is my failure as a father . " - from the movie Gladiator 
April Fools ! :-) 
vincent van gogh is amazing ! 
Today will be World IPv6 Day . People might find it difficult to enter some sites . 
Short Story 
Writer : Will you publish my story ? 
Editor : No . 
The end 
- Cabanonpress.com 
if you want a person out of the system , simply saying it is enough . no need to destroy reputations . 
- anonymous 
yung pina-coconvert niyo pong file nasa address na ito : C:\MARK'S FOLDER\black and white . hindi ko po kasi ma-upload sa fb . yung picture ni camille na may piano , hindi ko pa nagawa kasi may error kapag dino-download ko . 
???? 
When I was 5 , my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life . When I went to school , they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up . I wrote down ' happy ' . They told me I didn't understand the assignment . I told them they didn't understand life . " -John Lennon 
From BBC - " The Code " 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBL3pyosp8Q 
Tarpaulin File Locations 
C:\MARK'S FOLDER\excelpoint\2 x 3 tarp 09.01.11 \lividyneTarp-DaisyPanganiban . jpg 
C:\MARK'S FOLDER\excelpoint\2 x 3 tarp 09.01.11 \lividyneTarp-noName . jpg 
" when the unlimited becomes limited . " - anonymous - 
nami-miss ko na ang Levomepromazine 
remembering and commemorating 9/11 . 
Files for the upcoming ps 23/91 anniversary . 
Files included : 
a ) movie invite 
b ) shirt 
C:\MARK'S FOLDER\ps 23.91 10thYr Files 
‘Hear , now , and I will speak ; 
I will ask You , and You instruct me . ’ 
- Job 42:4 ( New American Standard Bible ) 
