I did not get the job . Guess I'm thankful that I'm stuck where I am , tho ' 
Up again , going through stuff about work . Crap ! 
My firstborn turned 21 years old today . :} 
Happy Thanksgiving to all my facebook friends and family . I am thankful for all of you ! Have a wonderful day with yours ! 
Aristotle is following my curser . He's blocking my entire screen . I can't do anything here ~ get away , kitty . You'll never catch this mouse ! 
Thinking of Cheryl all day today ... 
These old sandals feel real good , the toes are set free again ! 
would go with the flow , if there was one ... 
Say a little prayer for two-year old Rylee ... she has a diagnosis of Rett Syndrome . 
Burn Notice tonite ! 
One of the cats chewed thru the phone cord ... trying to find an adaptor . All landline phones are dead . 
Walmart gas station has a help wanted ad for cashier there ... 
NOT in a good place right now . Need to make some big changes . Re-evaluate in 4hrs & 18 mins ... yeah , take it minute by minute-I'll get thru ' thanks to my bestest friend who seems to have a sixth sense :) 
Thanks for all of the birthday wishes ! I wasn't having a great day at work , but got home to find Becky had baked my favorite cherry chip birthday cake and everyone sang to me-I was very happy ~ :D 
Oops ! Lost my composure 
Got my car washed and found an old fashioned picnic basket at Paradise Animal Rescue's fundraiser today . :) We have too many pets now , went from three to five recently- they have many available :( 
if I don't get to sleep in the next 3-1/2 hours I will be up for 24hr straight . It is completely silent outside , but too cold and still snowing a little . 
Dad's here ! Been enjoying his visit very much , wish I didn't have to work ... Happy 101st B'day Grandma !!! 
Had a nice time with Karie & Kim yesterday ! Got a real tour of the Hallowee displays @ Past Tense-just as much fun as going through the haunted house almost and it's free , but you will be tempted to buy SOMETHING ! Good cider made right on site , donuts , too-yummm 
Yesterday we toured the old neighborhood w/Dad & Aunt Marilyn , had lunch at Rosie O'Grady's . 
No , they're not mine . Becky's own design .... 
Happy Birthday to my wonderful daughter , Becky , who is 18 years old today ! 
Only an Aunt can give hugs like a mommy , keep secrets like a sister , and love like a friend !! If you're an Aunt who loves her nieces and nephews , post this as your status ... I love them very much !!! :) XOXOXOXOXOX I miss them very much ~ 
Children with special needs don't have an illness , so they are not contagious . They want what we all want , which is to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . But will you please do it and leave it on your status for at least one hour ? It's special education week ... and ... this is in honor of all those kids . and their dedicated parents and teachers !! 
Feel HORRIBLE ! Been ragging on Jim for mismanaging the grocery money . Turns out he'd gone out and bought me this lovely antique victorian terrarium that I'd told him I saw months ago at the local antique store for our anniversary ... I was VERY surprised to find that in our living room this morning ! 
Research for Rett Syndrome was granted the $ 250,000 funding from Pepsi Refresh for the month of September . This is being matched by another agency . Thank you for all of the votes ! 
Change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood & invite your friends to do the same , until Monday ( Dec . 6 ) . There should be no human faces on facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is for violence against children ! 
tossing & turning for hours disturbed by crap from work ... its my day off ! 
Mourning the loss of grandmother 10-29-10 Verna Mae b . 5-14-1909 , age 101 . What a remarkable woman ! 
Cannot believe I won a Wii game at the Christmas party last night ! Thank you UAW Local 6000 District 1A1-you made my Christmas !!! Can't wait to go home and play ! 
