tick tick tick tick tick tick tick boom 
is going to Madrid tomorrow 
is sick of michael jackson's fans already . Rest In PEACE Anyone ? 
FACEBOOK has agreed to let a third party advertisers use your posted pictures WITHOUT your permission . Click on SETTINGS up at the top where you see the Log out link . Select PRIVACY . Then select NEWSFEEDS and WALL . Next select the tab ( not obvious ) that r 
wants to be a math major ... 
put an end to the bourgeoisie , and death to everyone who's never heard of me . 
Se vende perrita pug de 6 semanas ! 
no se quiere ir de espania =( 
I don't believe in magic , in I-ching , in Bible , in Tarot , in Hitler , in Jesus , in Kennedy , in Buddha , in Mantra , in Gita , in Yoga , in Kings , in Elvis . in Zimmerman , in Beatles ... I just believe in me ... and that reality 
suck on it , gringos 
Paul McCartney today ! Cs tomorrow ! 
no soy Miguel , soy Michael : @ 
5 papelerias and not a single one of them sells USB's . Wtf ? 
You know that I could use somebody , someone like you ( 8 ) 
come to the Corner Bar on Northgate tonight at 11 ! We are in the finals for the Wednesday Battle of the Bands . Come show your support and rock out with us for our half an hour . Hope to see you there ! 
' s dad was awesome 
Best ... Night .... EVAH ! ~!!~ ! 
A HUEVO MEXICO 
is playing at schotzi's tonight ! Everyone in Cs come out and have a drink with us ! 
extraño España 
you might think that I'm a dreamer ... but I'm not the only one . Maybe one day you will join us , and the world will live as one . 
is the 21th century's Jack Bruce 
got to get you into my life 
A peticion de Pepe , chupenla , gringos 
I know if I put my mind to it , I know that I really can do it . I've got my mind set on you .... 
hasta la madre de estar enfermo 
just found out he has an exam tomorrow he hasn't studied for , a homework due tomorrow that he hasn't started , and a movie due today that he hasn't seen ... 
How happy is the blameless vestal's lot ! The world forgetting , by the world forgot . Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind ! Each pray'r accepted , and each wish resign'd 
I dont like to whine ... but let's see ... a broken pc , no phone , no wallet , no motivation , an exam tomorrow I'm about to study for , a homework due tomorrow , and another one due thursday that I should've done earlier , an exam on friday where I have no idea what's going on , and a couple of shows this weekend Stress mode , activated , WHOOOOSH ! 
missing out on a George Harrison resurrection concert , passing out in some weird town in spain , boarding human flesh-powered boats , all a masterplan of an evil white bunny , which I ended up throwing into a battery acid tank ... wtf is wrong with my dreams ? 
mas rara que yarza = <3 
Weird Dreams + Sleeping for over 12 hours and still feeling awful + Headache + Tons of other stuff = I'm getting a fever the day before the FE 
it's nice to know really nice people every once in a while ... people who are willing to answer and help you in every one of the questions you have ... who will advice you about stuff you didn't ask for , but you were curious about ... people who will give me 300+ songs of the beatles .... =) 
We all have Hitler in us , but we also have love and peace . So why not give peace a chance for once ? 
what was I thinking when I decided to take a class about shitwater ?... Retard , thy name is Jorge Urquidi 
you will suck the life out of me 
Show tonight cancelled . This rain is getting more annoying than people that keep making Kanye West interrumption jokes ... but not there yet ! 
Ugh ... Mexican flag + Mule Stomper + Kamikaze + One too many beers = ... what ? 
Professor : " Some people consider that not eating animals contributes to environmental ethics " ; Guy next to me : " If we weren't meant to eat animals , we wouldn't have TEETH !! " .... Graduating with an engineering degree doesn't mean you are smart , it just means that you are a licensed RETARD . 
Flu + AWFUL HORRIBLE TERRIBLE Badminton partner ( how can someone suck so bad at this sport ? It's a little ball with wings that floats ! ) + Laziness = Not going to school today :) 
the mexfro is gone 
No phone ... no computer ... Yay ! 
is going through a quarter-life crisis 
show at the Corner Bar tonight at 9 P.M !!!!!! Acoustic Full Band !! 
just registered for his last semester in A&M ... 
I've never liked probability . Screw the mysteries . Screw the games . Screw the chances . Screw what we can't foresee . I NEED to know . 
actually had fun at the A&M game ... who would've thought ? 
and we stare at the sun , but we never see anything there , all of nothing's become all that we'll ever see there 
It's funny how everyone's sick of the things I have yet to tell you 
10² + 11² + 12² = 13² + 14² 
T-2 weeks :) 
Music at the CE Lab = Awesome 
Women : Don't you know how to be alone ? DANG 
Be yourself . Everyone else is taken . 
hit the road jack .... don't you come back no more no more no more no more ... ( I have the weirdest dreams ) 
gimme a new project ! Anything ! 
nothing you can know that isn't known , there's nothing you can see that isn't shown , there's nowhere you can be that it isn't where you're meant to be , it's easy ... 
is officially going to a Paul McCartney concert 
is back 
is an unnourished INTP 
how did I choose to study engineering , when I can't even fix a freaking air mattress !?!? r23yrqogjdoiuyt3iytgpodsvkbsdafadc AAARGH ! 
is an Engineer In Training :) 
And in the end , the love you take , is equal to the love you make ... =) What a concert !!! 
back to reality 
is obsessed with the myers-brigg indicator 
No me quiero ir .... 
I'd like to be under the sea in an octopus ' garden in the shade 
odio el frio , odio el frio , odio el frio , odio el frio , odio el frio , odio el frio , odio el frio , odio el frio , odio el frio , odio el frio , odio el frio , odio el frio , odio el frio , odio el frio , odio el frio , odio el frio , odio el frio , odio el frio , odio el frioooooooooooooooooo 
anyone has a google wave invitation they want to share ? 
I only know as much about myself as my mind can work out under its current conditions . And its current conditions are not good . - Zaphod Beeblebrox 
MAHNA MAHNA ~ !!!!! 
Man is born , man lives , man dies .... and it's all vanity 
Juarenses : Se rentan cuartos y departamentos economicos cercanos a la UACJ , con gas , agua , cable e internet inalambrico incluido . Interesados favor de comunicarse al 616-2045 , o contactenme por aqui para darles informes !! 
Everyone has their obsession , consuming thoughts consuming time ... 
Religulous is awesome 
Gracias por las felicitaciones a todos ! / Thanks for the birthday greetings to everybody ! =) 
Something made me break my thoughts and look up to where you were walking , and it’s been hard to look away ever since . 
Good weekend , finally working with spanish-speaking children , AWESOME team for my senior design class , Hitch-Hiker's guide to galaxy was on the mailbox , as well as the notice that I passed the F . E .... This is a good day :) 
is thinking of starting his own business .... 
Ay que fea es la CRUDA realidad .... 
ENTJ mode : ON ! 
Cough cough cough cough 
“If there's anything more important than my ego around , I want it caught and shot now " 
There are enough love songs out there already . When are caffeinated squirrels gonna get the attention they deserve ? 
Anyone has a PS1 Memory card I can borrow ? This game won't do PS2 cards for some reason .... 
is divided by zero 
I tried setting my password to penis .... it said my password wasn't long enough =( 
I don't mind God , it's his fanbase I can't stand . 
I love Zooey Deschanel 
:) ^ (?- 1 ) 
is celebrating 5 de mayo with Norah Jones ... AJUA ! 
Well its 1 2 3 4 take the elevator at the hotel yorba I'll be glad to see you later , all they got inside is vacancy 
Beginning to realize that Enneagram is really a load of bull ... 
Theory proven : Luna IS racist . 
Yup ... grad school is getting real just about now ... wahhhhhh :( 
Jai guru deva om 
She says " come and kiss me by the riverside , bobby says it's fine he don't consider it cheating " 
Organized people are just too lazy to look for stuff 
Glad to know our cops are vigilantly watching over us by catching those " 60-on-a-55 INTERSTATE " criminals . Who knows ? Maybe they are probably in a rush to KKK meetings , go molest a kid , or some sort of atheist thingie . Thank you cops ! And no , I don't think that 3 cops watching for speeding in a 2-mile stretch , where there are no speed limit signs in the first place , is taking it too far . GET THAT QUOTA SON ! 
When she told me I was average , she was just being mean . 
Going to see the strokes next Thursday !!! &%$638@ ; 7$84 ; @7 ....!!!!! 
is really getting sick of people eating my food , drinking my alcohol and playing my things in my own f'n apartment . 
Sweetness , sweetness , I was only joking when I said by rights you should be bludgeoned in your bed 
Got tickets to go see Primus :D 
No phone .... since wednesday ! Sorry if I haven't gotten back to anyone , I'll let you know when it's back . 
Has had one of the most awesome weeks in quite a while :) 
My new phone came with a free copy of the movie inception ... hell yeah !! 
Tonight by your side , it's such a heavenly way to die ? 
Oh MATLAB .... I didn't miss you ... 
Adam probably accepted the forbidden fruit from Eve , because she had pms . Can't say I blame him ; I'd choose the wrath of God over a woman with PMS any day . 
Waiting around to meet a professor for an hour , just so I had to talk to him for 2 mins = not cool 
Happy World Water Day ! 
One hour presentation in two hours = BLAH ! 
You can't spell ' nitpicking ' without ' INTP ' :) . 
is going to test-drive some equipment be measuring CO2 concentrations at the dog park ! 

Yes , I know . I do like being a geek though ... 
All of my contacts are gone ... send me your numbers 
Overthinking , overanalyzing separates the body from the mind / Withering my intuition , leaving opportunities behind . 
Send me a private message if you are interested in answering a small survey for a study to understand the ways in which a person affects the indoor air quality within their home . 
I'm beginning to understand how Research = Having no idea what you're doing ... 
... wow ... I'm officially old enough that I have to check for engagement rings when I meet someone ... 
Stupid 20's . 
Disappointed at the lack of pranks in FB ... 
And so it starts ... the vegan week ! 
I need about 5 clones of myself right now to finish everything I need to do in time :\ 
I love how everyone suddenly became A&M's Female Basketball biggest fan , when this is probably the first time they've ever seen one of their games . 
Third day as a vegan : this is hell 
Should I even get my aggie ring even if its been one year since I graduated ? 
I would go out tonight , but I haven't found a stitch to wear 
Ducktales , WOO-HOO 
Vegan week might become Vegan tri-week ... 
Wow ... I really hate country music .... 
Interpol in Austin ! :D 
15 minute nap ended up becoming 3 hour nap .... awegd988923nmjp2 
I really don't care about residential ventilation standards in California right now ... 
Just discovered Gogol Bordello ... I'm in awe :D . 
Can somebody explain to me why Mac's are better than PC's ? I seem to have missed something ... 
Words with friends ? Look me up as jorgemojo 
screw this ... 
How did I wake up from a dream about fighting an evil gecko as some sort of final boss , who would try to jump into my ear and change my looks , and also make me masochist , but I won because there was an alligator under a couch , waiting until the gecko would jump close to it so he could eat it ... then I see some ending credits ? 
Live a good life . If there are gods and they are just , then they will not care how devout you have been , but will welcome you based on the virtues you have lived by . If there are gods , but unjust , then you should not want to worship them . If there are no gods , then you will be gone , but will have lived a noble life that will live on in the memories of your loved ones . I am not afraid . 
WHY AM I AT MY MOST PRODUCT PHASE AT THIS TIME OF NIGHT !?!?! 
Dear Polo , 
Where the FUCK are you ?! 
-Marco 
Hunting : Because everybody knows you wouldn't be able to kill that animal with your bare hands ... 
Bunch of wussies . 
:) 
Alright , insomnia it is .... 
Happy Zombie Jesus Day ! 
It's always nice to wake up to the sound of domestic abuse chirping out your window :\ 
Yay . 
-Gloria Morse 
lululu , I've got some apples , lululu , you've got some too 
NI ! 
I hate group projects .... I really do 
Busy as hell for the next 10 days ... 
Fuck you , Donald Trump 
You know , we have actually met before . Remember the dream you had of the perfect guy ? I was the guy standing to his right . 
Alguien que me recomiende una buena pelicula mexicana ? No importa que tan vieja 
Oficialmente enamorado de Ana Claudia Talancon 
¿Y sí me voy al df ? 
If I fell 
The weekend I have the most SHIT to do ... 
Osama is dead ? 
Yeah cool story , so how does this change things then ? 
accidentally made a joke about 5 de mayo and how everybody beats the french in front of a french colleague ... Fml 
Particle Emission Rate ... Sources ... Ventilation Rate ... terpenes ... 
I really am about ready to wake up without having to think intensively of these terms ... 2 more days !!! 
Yo : " Si pues estamos midiendo con el sistema de cro ... croma .... " 
Leticia Mena : " Cromatografia de gases ! " 
Yo : " Si ! eso ! Despues lo pasamos al esp ... espeeeee ... " 
Ella : " Espectrometro de masas ! " 
Yo : " Andale ! " 
Mi madre es la unica que entiende mi investigacion de las personas que conozco :p jajajajaja 
If i told you things i did before , told you how i used to be , would you go along with someone like me ? 
Just as expected ... no hispanic person even said anything about cinco de mayo , but white people are on their phones posting about getting shit-faced celebrating it ... 
FELIZ DIA DE LA INDEPENDENCIA !!!!!! ;D 
Survived my first semester as a grad student :) . 
Ehm ... mexicanos ... nuestro dia de las madres es el 10 de mayo , por si se les habia olvidado ... 
6-string bass or a cello ? 
Alguien sabe algo de UNAM Campus Morelia ? 
With your feet on the air and your head on the ground ... 
Just found out there is actually an abbey road , a penny lane and a blue jay way here in Austin ! 
We have enough singers who croon about the roses ... we need people who love to sing about the other side of life and love , the darkness , the confusion and the doubt we all may feel as we trip around life searching for the perfect beat to call our own . 
I really hate you right now texas ... I really fucking hate your guts this instant . 
If we really are to keep " freedom of speech " , we really need to revisit our definition of the word " democracy " . 
A 70 year old browsing through a victorias secret catalog , drinking MY frap is a bit of a scary sight 
Regression Coefficient = 0.998873 = HELL YEAH 
PRIMUS TONIGHT ! 
Say baby do you want to lay down by my side ? 
Let go of conscienceness ! 
Primus+salad fingers = fuck yah ! 
At Subway , some random hipster : " Do you guys have vegetarian bread ? " 
o.O 
Fpl 
Just bought tickets to see Arctic Monkeys 
A la chingada pues ... 
sampling for sVOCs at the apartment :D 
" Apparently , the highest compliment our culture grants artists nowadays is to be in an ad — ideally , naked and purring on the hood of a new car . I have adamantly and repeatedly refused this dubious honor . " - Tom Waits 
And this is why i love Ne 
Better know nothing than half-know many things 
- Nietzsche 
X-men : First Class or Thor ? 
And the earth died screaming while I was dreaming ... 
Hello Nostalgia , it's been a while ! 
Brisbane , Australia next year ? I believe so ! 
Did I do anything wrong today , or has the world always been like this and I've been to be wrapped up in myself to notice ? 
WHY is Sarah Palin still on the news !?!?! Ugh .... 
I wish I could program my dog to wake me up at a given time . She's more reliable than both my alarm clock and my phone . 
overwhelmed ... 
Juarez , nos vemos en Agosto :) 
Yay , gasoline prices are no longer higher than my gpa :) . 
When there's nothing left to burn you have to set yourself on fire . 
Good Idea : Booking a plane to Juarez from July 28th to August 6th :D . 
Bad Idea : Booking it the same week I had tickets for the Arctic Monkeys ... :( 
Incubus in austin ! 
Papa's got a brand new bass :D 
Woke up to hear that Rick Perry is planning to run for president ... Is this still part of my nightmare ?! 
Awesome , I'm wearing two different types of shoes , and no , it wasn't on purpose 
Pobrecitas gringas :( 
ft09uy398qgujboew0h9235bdsb3 ... Rawr 
Por mas amante de los animales que soy ( en especial de los perros ) , se me hace algo sorprendente que una noticia acerca de como le dispararon a un perro haya causado mas conmoción en mi Facebook que cualquiera de las docenas de personas que han muerto en todo este año ... 
Juarez en una semana ! 
" I'm against picketing , but I don't know how to show it " 
Headache + delayed flight + a bunch of crying babies everywhere I go + non stop ringing phone + ... = a que la chingada ! 
I miss Luna :( 
Please make a donation to the people in Somalia , their people will run out of food in the next three weeks . The UN is far short of the amount of money it needs , even a small donation of a few dollars can save a life and make a difference . You can go onto CNN to make a donation or text the word " SURVIVE " to 20222 to make a $10 dollar donation . Do the right thing and make a difference in someones life . 
It's a The Cure kind of day . 
I really hope next semester doesn't kick my ass . 
Molotov in Austin ! 
" I never worry about the future . It comes soon enough . " 
Felices 59 años , Jorge L Urquidi . 
" Are you suggesting coconuts migrate ?! " 
Bringing an A&M thermos to UT might not be the smartest thing I do today ... 
It's kind of funny how people care more about facebook changes over politics 
Extraño juarez ... 
It's a beatles kind of day ! 
Moving to Austin today ! Sayonara College Station ! 
DAMN IT !!!!! 
This is the 21st century ... how do you NOT take credit cards ? #$45%87 & : + = #35 
In these bodies we will live , in these bodies we will die . Where you invest your love , you invest your life . 
I guess people don't even know how to say " hi " back nowadays ... 
I should've wore a mexican flag today on my cap .... or a " fuck arizona " line made out of beans . 
How does it feel ? To be on your own , with no direction home , like a complete unknown 
I just got admitted into the UT's Environmental and Water Resources Graduate Program !!!! :D :D :D :D :D :D :D 
Hay forma de darle a un jugador el premio al " PEOR jugador del juego " ? Osorio y Bautista son mis candidatos . 
I'm not a sexist , racist , or even speciesist .... I might just have detached opinions on issues ... but mainly , it's just that I hate everybody equally =) . 
How do you go from almost getting into a catfight , to making out with a girl , to grab a guy's ass while he's not watching , to dance with a girl ( the same one you almost got in a catfight with) ? American girls ... 
5 weeks ... just 5 more weeks ... EXACTLY 5 weeks ... 
All through the day , I me mine I me mine I me mine . 
is over the hills and far away ... 
got pulled over three times in a 80 mile drive ... FPL 
No papa , no te lloro , no se lloran las cosas buenas que nos da la vida .... 
Alguien tiene experiencia pasando mascotas de El Paso a Juarez , y viceversa ? 
To begin with , a dog's not mad . You grant that ? Well , then , you see , a dog growls when it's angry , and wags its tail when it's pleased . Now I growl when I'm pleased , and wag my tail when I'm angry . Therefore I'm mad . 
:D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D ^ exp(infinitum ) 
Research : the systematic investigation into and study of materials and sources in order to establish facts and reach new conclusions ( Oxford ) 
Please stop misusing this word . Thank you . 
The only thing we can learn from history is that we don't learn from history 
One thing I can tel you is you got to be free .... come together , right now , over me 
I don't like country music , but I don't mean to denigrate those who do . And for people who listen to country music , denigrate means " put down " . 
Its so easy to laugh , its so easy to hate , it takes strength to be gentle and kind , over , over , over , over ... 
Without music , life would be a mistake . 
If I strangle a smurf , what color will he turn ? 
Toasters don't toast toast , toast toast toast ! 
I miss school ... 
Why is it that people just want to share their personal life as soon as they meet me ? 
When there's nothing left to burn , you have to set yourself on fire . 
I don't think you're special , I mean ... 
I think you're special , but you fall within a bell curve . 
Anyone has a blazer I can borrow just for today ? 
Pay attention to your surroundings and do the thing that will have the 
most interesting results . Don't be dumb just because you don't have any 
experience . 
Calderon + Obama = A bunch of words with absolutely no meaning behind them . 
CUJOOOOOOOS|||| 
I think my dog is a lesbian ... 
Graduating today ! Congrats to all graduating aggies AND miners ! 
Is an austin city employee :D 
SQUIRRELS WITH MINIATURE WEED WHACKERS !!!! 
Religion is like a penis . It's fine to have one , it's fine to be proud of it , but please don't whip it out in public and start waving it around . 
And PLEASE don't try to shove it down my children's throat . 
I have 17 friends who like lady gaga . That's 17 too many . 
Esos errores no deben de ser aceptados .... ni del arbitro ni de Osorio . 
It's not what " you " wanted , it's what the emerging causal harmony of the music wanted . " Your " only job is to create faithfully to that emerging harmony -- to follow the groove . 
oh how the mighty have fallen ... 
Descansa en paz papa . Aún despues de 8 años , me sigues sorprendiendo ... jajaja 
... wow ... I'm actually scared stupidity is contagious at this moment . 
How do you call cheese that's not your own ? NACHO CHEESE ! 
Me voy a perder el partido de Mexico y Sudafrica por mi primer dia en el jalisco =( 
Moving to austin in two weeks . 
En route to college station ! 
I might have carpal tunnel syndrome .... 
I wish I could be the Patriot Act so I could violate your privacy . 
Is a dirty burrito with physics on the side . 
You know , I'm sick of following my dreams , man . I'm just going to ask where they're going and hook up with ' em later . 
Damn you gravity ... I've FALLEN your victim once more :( . 
last weekend in college station was amazing ... but that's probably because I didn't spend it here haha . 
Tomorrow Argentina will taste our chorizos ! 
SHOW TONIGHT !! Cypress saloon with SEAN MCCONNELL !!!! Be there ! 
.... que es esto !? 
Don't you know there is no devil , that's just god when he's drunk 
Juarez este fin :D ! 
SHOW TONIGHT at The Tap with Sean McConnell !! Be there ! 
Vamos mexico ! 
Meetings , driving around austin all day , walking around with a popped blister on your ankle and an exam ... all while sick ... 
Dazed and confused ... 
I still don't see how posting cartoons works against child abuse ... 
Don't take life too seriously . You won't get out of it alive . 
This weekend is going to SUUUUUCK 
" Do they have fridges in Mexico ? " God damn it ... really ? This is the type of people I have to work with ? 
I forgot how much I had in common with aggies .... NOT ! 
How is someone cold when it's 89 degrees outside ? Stupid flu ... 
I have a sombrero . Your argument is invalid . 
I hate everyone today . 
Naaaaaah naaah naaaah nanananaaaa nanananaaaa heeey juude 
Is a student again 
I need a dogsitter for tonight ... 
So long , and thanks for all the fish . 
Are Kindles worth it ? 
En juarez del 2 al 5 de septiembre ! 
Is at aerosmiths concert ... and you're not ! 
Peace corps ? seattle ? australia ? austin ? music ? graduate school ? Mexico ? 
I like it on YOU'RE ALL BANDWAGGING WHORES . 
Irony : going to Mexico for the weekend , and getting my bass stolen on my first day here in the U.S. 
You can't be a real country unless you have a beer and an airline - it helps if you have some kind of a football team , or some nuclear weapons , but at the very least you need a beer . 
Was offered a position as a indoor environmental quality research assistant in UT :D 
If I am the wisest man , it is because I alone know that I know nothing . - Socrates 
20 ways to see the world , or 20 ways to start a fight . ... Sit me down , shut me up , I'll calm down and I'll get along with you . 
Te extranio ... idiota . Feliz cumpleanios Jorge L Urquidi . 
I reaaaally want : 
- ACL Friday tickets . Carolyn Wonderland , Blues Traveler , The Black Keys , Amos Lee , Nortec Collective , Sarah Harmer , Sonic Youth , Vampire Weekend , The Strokes , Robert Randolph & The Family Band AND Phish !? Holy poop ! 
- For my stupid neighbors upstairs to stop stomping around their freaking apartment 
- A job/To be accepted in UT's grad school . 
- A Fender Jaguar bass/To recover my stolen bass :( . 
There is a 70% chance I will never use probability again ... owai . 
Is gonna miss the spain v . Mexico game ... damn it !!!!!! 
Wow .... Fergie is horrible 
Is it wrong if everytime I see someone is sitting in a bathroom stall , I just want to pull their feet and run away going ' hihihihi' ? 
I'm sick to my stomach ... I don't know if its the red meat I had earlier , or the people here . 
Not feeling all that great ... 
has been so busy lately that he hasn't found the time , to open up his eyes , and watch the world spinning , gently out of time . 
HEY ! You've got to hide your love away ! 
Grad schools or an engineering job ? :\ 
Rumbo a juarez , por primera vez en 9 meses :D 
It's official . I am now the 22nd trainee for the Indoor Environmental Science and Engineering program in UT Austin :D !!! Grad school here I come ! 
I formally declare war on alarm clocks ... grrrr 
whoaaaaa , the people driving in front of me just got into a bad car crash ( no injuries ) ... and it totally could have been me .... but since it wasn't me ... that was AWESOME !! 
Anyone feel like getting good karma , and donating me a acl ticket ? :D preferrably for today but I'm not picky ! 
Chris cornell + santana covering a led zep song = not as good as it sounds . 
En juarez por una semana en 12 dias :D 
Well it goes like this , the fourth , the fifth , the minor fall and the major lift ... 
If I hear ONE more person smack their lips .... yuidwsawjudehyf$45678%# 
Hello . I love you . Let me jump in your game . 
Puppy time ! 
I hate ENFJs ... 
Oh mother I can feel the soil is falling over my head . 
JUAREEEEEEEZ :D Ya te quiero ver ! 
Whooop ! Good job ags ! Great season ! 
First day of grad school is done ! 
A maroon shirt and an a&m thermus ... let's see if I make it out of my first week in Ut alive .... whoop ! 
Mahna Mahna 
Please post a picture of your ( or someone else's ) ass for colon cancer awareness . The goal is to see nothing but asses on Facebook by January 1st . We're not sure how , but somehow this will surely cure colon cancer for good . Repost if you're not an awful , terrible person who hates puppies . 
Smart phones : Your solution to awkward moments with acquiantances 
How do people go through 20+ years of their lives without someone telling them " Eat with your mouth closed , you sound like a fucking goat ! " , and not learning from it !??! WAH !!!!! 
It's official ... my dog is racist . 
If you're from Houston , you're not Mexican . Nuff said . 
Real life sucks 
Oye cucu ... prende la luz , que tengo miedo ... 
might be a 9w8 ... hmmm 
Climb the highest mountain , punch the face of god 
To the people that keep sending these free southwest flight things : 
IT'S A SCAM ! Stop sending these out . 
Juarezeandola :D 
Back in Austin .... after 575 miles since 4 AM ! 
Is a philomath 
Seattle for Spring Break ? I think so ! :D 
Stephanie Carter 
Anybody wants to go to a Two Door Cinema Club concert in Austin ( La Zona Rosa) ? 
Good times for a change . See , the luck I've had can make a good man turn bad . So please , please , please , let me , let me , let me , let me get what I want this time . 
Haven't had a dream in a long time . See , the life I've had can make a good man bad . So for once in my life let me get what I want . Lord knows , it would be the first time 
Lord , help me be less independent , but let me do it my way :) 
