Is sad that his iScribble friends are never online >_< 
My friends Yackle and Neill got owned today . It is good day xD 
Happy because my friends from TP have Facebooks too :D 
? _ ? Wonders why anime shows are usually trash , but anime movies are the shiz . 
Argh , mateys ! It be " Talk like a pirate day " today , yarr ! I didn't make up the rules , yar har , that be the calendar's flaw , YARR ! 
I have been plagued by autumn allergies . Life is not fun 
The Soldier and Demoman got new responses and weapons in TF2 ! * is excited * 
Bulba Bulba ? 
THE LAST EPISODE OF YUGIOH ABRIDGED SEASON 2 IS OUT !!! 
Just started playing Fable II . So far I was able to steal from a blacksmith and resist arrest , I killed 11 guards that tried to arrest me , and I managed to get a prostitute to fall in love with me . This game rocks . 
Valentine's Day : Crappiest and most pointless holiday of the year 
" You can get the second and thrid key price for any order , or you need the key though and for that you need an extensive chain in Neverstorm . " " That's terribly sexy . " 
I was " attempting " to browse /v/ last night . Unfortunately , 4chan's layout is so confusing and alien to me , so I left . Not so much a great success . 
I hate the jocks , and I hate the geeks I hate the trendies but I also hate the freaks I hate your band , and I hate T.V I'm only happy when I'm in my misery 
Reagan was a conservative and gave our country a $200 billion deficit . Bush Sr. was a conservative : $300 billion deficit . Clinton was a liberal , but gave us $200 billion surplus . Bush Jr. was a conservative and gave us a $482 billion deficit . Obama is a liberal , I think we're safe for now . 
Has SoulSilver now . First mission : Obtain walking Wailord 
I noticed how similar the books " Christine " and " From a Buick 8 " are . They're both by the same authour and both are about a teenage boy having an unhealthy realtionship with a supernatural car . And both take place in Pennsylvania . 
SSSSSSPPPPPPPIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNGGGGGGG BBBBBBRRRRRRRREEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAKKKKKKKKKKK !!!!!!!! 
Kakorrhaphiophobia - Fear of failing . I find it amusing . 
Is all alone today because all my friends are at church >.> 
Has the Starcraft 2 Beta . Now I need to find a new strategy against these turbo-buffed AIs 
Fight MEDIC . Like a boss ! >:{ D 
Oh boy ! High school ! A final quarter of boring classes , being around idiots I hate , and homework homework homework ! -sighs- 
Why is it that almost everyone who makes TF2 gmod videos are furries ? 
HA ! TAKE IT LANCE ! MY LUGIA OWNS YOU ! SUCK IT ! 
If you are raping someone right now , stop . Apologize . And leave . Go , and rape no more . 
Went mini-golfing . My score was 69 :D 
Decided to take the day off today . Feels good man :D 
Thinking of a nice new wallpaper to go on my desktop . Is stuck between a BA Zelda one and an equally awesome USSR decal . 
Black and White Versions come out Sunday . Y'all best be camping out overnight in front of your local Gamestop/Bearstop . 
Sorry , Japan . Didn't mean to hold my F11 key down for so long . B ) 
