Winter is coming to a close and spring is getting closer . The sun with its glistening warming rays is the only thing that gives me comfort . A light that shines in all of our lives even though each of us a times , remain in a dark tunnel . There i sit to fight , fighting to see the rays of the light . Hope can then be reborn . 
The Burning star may fall from the sky , so another may be born to glisten in your eyes . To lay in wait for another wish to be fullsfilled . Blessed Be ! 
waking up late to another dayOpening my eyes to the molecule raysSeasons are slowly changing with time3 pennies , 3 quarter , 3 dimesMy rule of three , my lucky numberEvery 3 months the seasons change-poem for my morning : author : Carisa 
I cant believe how beauitful and warm it is today . But i wouldnt recommend w/o a hoodie remember u can still get sick . Be safe and blessed be ! 
U know what i cant understand why the weather can sometimes laugh @ u and sometimes the suns not there to embrace u . Why then look forward to the weather . The weather is not supportive of anyone , it does what it desires . 
So if i have curves , I'm fat . If I wear makeup , I'm fake . If I like to get dressed up , I'm a hoochie . If I say what I think , I'm a bitch . If I cry sometimes , I'm a drama queen . If I have guy friends , I'm a slut . If I stand up for myself , I'm mouthy . Seems like you can't do anything now a days without being labeled .. So what , go ahead and label me , see if i give a crap . Re-post this if you're proud of who you are :) 
Another day @ the bottom of the ozone layer . 
So my husband says : " why dont u youthenize yourself ! " Can someone tell me wtf hes saying ????? 
Episcapalian maybe a type of christian , but it sounds to me like a pissed off camelian . LMAO 
So I have this sinus cold my husband brought home , Im so stuffed up that it is so hard to sleep . Ughh . Cant wait til this goes away so i can have a nice rest . :( . 
Ha ha . I sign into my msn chat . And automatically some chick robot comes trying to chat with me . I'm like your a whore . Then she responds I can do freaky stuff . At that point I blocked her . I don't need that robot sex me up BS . I don't participate . I HATE SPAM . 
If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , please post a comment of a memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you 
Does anyone want to share some Peanuts or would you rather like orange waffers . :) <3 
<3 Listening to Music , I'm so happy . I'm singing . Hell Yeah . <3 
I guess that Ill be closing in for tonight . By starting to read a new book in conjunction with finishing the prequel to the one I read this morning . Then about midnight , after waiting for the hub to call me , Im going to bed . 
Slept in . I had a cool intensive vivid dream . I guess I could post my dream in a note later , its up to those that are interested . Up and planning on eating and cleaning the apt . Then I guess hop on the net later . Blessed Be ! 
U know what , screw reading a book , lol . Im going to watch bleach , though cant remember what episode i left off with . I dont feel like reading charlaine harris 
I slept in , I was so tired . Sorry I had to skip events due to being tired . My deadly sin is sloth , lol . I love sleeping , the world away , I thought of NIN : You are the perfect drug . I Love trent reznors voice . * big smiles * 
Thanks Mark I appriciate u and jess coming to see me . Cant wait to hang out again 
I am asking everyone to say a prayer for the US " Darkhorse " 3rd Battalion 5th Marines and their families . They are fighting it out in Afghanistan and have lost 9 Marines in 4 days . IT WOULD BE NICE TO SEE IT ON EVERYONE'S PAGE ... Even if its only for an hour , come on guys show your support ! I am HONORED to re-post this ! Thank you to ALL of " OUR " Service men and women . 
prayers goin out to them all 
Why is it that when I hang out with a couple friends , my husband looks @ me likes its a crime . Seriously a control freak , I nowhere near do that . He says " move in w/ them then , or I'm gone ! " No Im allowed to socialize . I Care about my friends , they worry 
I'm a dominate gene . I live as I die , never say forever , cuz forevers a lie . I can see right through u , but I cant ignore u . The story changes but the ending will bore u . I try to tell u , but u simply obey , now all they do is throw u away . 30/30 158 ..... 
I may think I feel love but it is love that feels me constantly testing the woven fibers that enclose and protect my heart with a searing flame that allows no illusion of separation/ and as the insubstantial fabric of my inner fortress is peeled away by the persistent fire I desperately try to save some charred remains by escaping into one more dream of passion I may think I can find love but it is love that finds me 
<3 Im going to take a nap , tuesdays are blah . my phone's on so message me if u want otherwise ill be in a lovely dreamworld . :) <3 
simply resting from a full day of resting feeling too rested to even consider anything more/ simply quiet staying in the silent pauses no thought not even the idea : no thought/ too busy doing nothing to stop long enough to do something less-quoted by Nirmala 
the room is empty except for these saddened eyes that find refuge in emptiness/ friends come and go lovers come and go but love itself never wavers/ emptiness is my refuge emptiness is my resting place everywhere I turn , the end of boundaries awaits/ take sadness now take happiness also leave only clear vision-Nirmala 
Having a cig @ moment . Enjoying having the hubs presense . Havent seen him in a week . I'm content watching him playing a game and talkin . :) 
Ha ha smoking a wine flavored cigar . :) <3 
Well There was a couple more job openings i applied to . Hope i get something . Not having work is a bummer . Anyhow txt me if u want , im going 2 nap , then readup . 
Well I woke up , showered . Now i gotta read up and do the dishes . Today is just blah . Yesterday u spring the clocks ahead , good thing my phone did that automatically , cuz i totally forgot . charging my phone while reading up and then when done , internet . 
Watching supernatural . :) - on eBuddy Mobile Messenger http://get.ebuddy.com 
Mark is helping me look for jobs this morning . Im thankful for my friends . :) True one are a blessing . 
Dont get me started on religion . Free will we interpt it how we please . Dont tell me i'll go to hell and I'm wrong . True religion doesnt force it upon others . Thanks lady @ the mall u were wonderful when u shoved ur words down my throat . 
Well I enjoyed overall hanging with mark today and I think dave liked his company too . We're all content . :) 
<3 Happy Ostara/Spring Equinox Blessed Be ! <3 
Been just woken up by the sudden pangs of Thunder . It has thundered twice and now the rain falls . Softly i hear the birds call , but wish the Thunder didnt have to be so loud . So with that I try to sleep again . 
@ local park not far from home enjoying the sunshine . :) - on eBuddy Mobile Messenger http://get.ebuddy.com 
World Book Day - Game Rules : grab the book nearest to you and turn to page 56 . Write down the 5th sentence . Don't choose your favorite book , choose the one nearest to you right now . Post the rules as your status and copy the sentence as your comment . ( Thanks AC ) 
Im_going_to_bed_early . _Some_of_the_keys_on_my_phone_is_being_a_douche . _Nighty_night_and_Blessed_Be ! 
( 0 0 ) 
. —oOO– (_) —– . 
??????????????????? 
? Every so often , I like to go ? 
? to the window , look up , ? 
? and smile for a satellite ? 
? picture ? 
‘———————-oOO 
.. |__|__| 
. || || 
. ooO Ooo 
? (•???•?) ? ? (-???- ? ) ? Dont you find it Funny that after Monday(M ) and Tuesday(T ) , the rest of the week says WTF ? ? (????•?) ? ? (?????) ? ? (-???•?) ? 
???? 
?? (¯`v´¯) 
??? ` . ¸ . MY FRIENDS 
Money's and bananas , its Thursday - on eBuddy Mobile Messenger http://get.ebuddy.com 
- on eBuddy Mobile Messenger http://get.ebuddy.com 
