FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT- If you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of the first memory you have of me and you that pops in your head . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you will be surprised what people remember about you . 
I'l hire a tutor to continue your teaching in such arts , until you come of age and may decide for yourself if you wish to serve Naamah . 
It's WAYBACK WEEK !!!!!! RETRO RETRO RETRO RETRO Everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young !! Copy and paste this , and lets see how adorable ( LOL ) we all were !!! WAYBACK WEEK !!! ((( Oy Vey ))) 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand , that being eaten by dragons is not something to be ashamed of . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying . 93% won't copy and paste this ... They have been eaten by dragons . 
Haiti is without a government . To help out , I am donating one Obama , one Pelosi , one Reid , one Frank , one Coakley and two Clintons ! They may keep them permanently and I'll lend them a constitution since we're not using ours right now !! ( Copy and Paste and Pray for Our President and Country ! ) We need our country back ..... 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
Retro week is over ! Starting now , post a picture of someone * fictional * , male or female , from any genre , ( movies , cartoons , TV , books ) that you think * best represents your personality * . Be creative . Copy and paste this so we can all play along ! 
Sorry everyone , I am not going to be online much for a while . I was admitted to the hospital on Sunday evening for acute appendicitis . Yesterday , I had an emergency appendectomy , so I am in a lot of pain and siting at the computer is not something that feels too good at the moment . 
Tired of not feeling well and hurting every time I move . Still am not allowed to drive . Doc said 2 weeks after surgery if I feel at 100% . So what did I go and do ? I ate popcorn and started coughing , strained a muscle . So much for life being back to norm this week . Still cant lift anything for another 2.5 weeks too . And to think , I might be facing 2 more surgeries in the near future .... gah ! 
PEDOPHILE ALERT !!!! NICKY PATES HAS AN OPEN PROFILE ... Do a search for his name ... IVE SEEN IT FOR MYSELF , HE ADMITS HE IS LOOKING FOR BOYS AND GIRLS UNDER THE AGE OF 10 BLOCK AND REPORT THE SCUM AND WARN ALL YOUR FRIENDS WE NEED TO STICK TOGETHER TO GET THEM ALL KICKED OFF HERE !!!! HE IS THE ONE WITH THE CLOSE UP OF HIS EYEs ... 
?????? ?????? ???????????? 
If you have really nice friends , put this on your wall 
? I have many friends , thank you for being there ? 
How to remember Pi to 7 decimal points . Number of letters in each word correspond to the numbers in Pi - ' May I have a large container of coffee ' - 3.1415926 
Paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except a smack upside the head , but we can raise awareness !! 
People need to understand that children with " special needs " don't have an illness , they are not looking for a cure - only acceptance . 93% of you probably won't copy and paste this ~ Will you be in the 7% that will and leave it as your status for an hour ? Special Education week March 22nd to the 26th . Copy and paste if you would , please ? 
Grrr ... I am really irritated . My son's school is telling me they are going to suspend him because he had physical contact with another student ( that resulted in my son getting hurt ) during a basketball game ... last Friday ( suspension is tomorrow ) . 
LOL ... this is too funny not to repost .... in relation to the miners being rescued in Chile ... 
Tony Rodriguez : " I think this is one time when sex with miners is totally acceptable !!! " 
I dont know the validity of this statement , but it is funny non-the-less .... Gov . Mike Huckabee said ... 
" If we want to keep our Nation's secrets ' SECRET ' ... store them where President Obama stores his college transcripts and birth certificate . " 
Interesting Analogy 
The owner of the Phoenix Suns basketball team , Robert Sarver , opposes AZ's new immigration laws . Arizona's Governor , Jan Brewer , released the following statement in response to Sarver's criticism of the new law : 
YAY ! Just got back in touch with my best friend from 3rd grade . I am so happy to find her , in 3rd grade , in the middle of the year , she disappeared ... rumor was she had a heart attack ... now I find her and she is doing well ! Sometimes I really love the internet ! 
WOW ... it is after 10pm and still 90 degrees out !!! 
Put this 
on your status if you know or love someone who is gay . My wish is that 
people will understand that being gay is not a disease nor a choice- 
people who are gay are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL 
RIGHTS . 93% won't copy and paste this . Will you make it your .. status 
for at least one hour ?? Promote LOVE & Acceptance !! NOT hate !! ? ? ? 
? 
Children with special needs only want what we all want : to be accepted . Can I make a request of anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education week , and this is in honor of all children who learn a little differently . 
Is enjoying my new browser ..... takes a bit of getting used to 
:-( Heater stopped working and the tech can't get out here until Tuesday !!!! :-( 
Happy New Year !!! 
Massive Recall on Matag ( and other ) dishwashers .... sold between 2006-2010 . Check to see if yours has been recalled due to severe fire hazard ! 

https://repair.maytag.com/prjjck10/default.jsp?siteCd=RCU_EN_US&id=R173BV 
PRIVACY ALERT - Facebook launched " Facebook Places " . Facebook is tracking where you are and allowing others to " check you in " for tracking purposes . Go to : 
Account -> Privacy Settings -> Customize Settings -> Things I Share -> Places I Check Into -> FRIENDS ONLY 
Account -> Privacy Settings -> Customize Settings -> Things Others Share -> Friends can check me in to Places -> DISABLE 
A true friend can go long periods of time without 
speaking and never question their friendship and pick up like they 
just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been ........ REPOST 
if you are blessed with at least one friend like this ! 
? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? 
I am blessed with many such friends :-) you all know who you are ! 
PSA - Lumpectomies are painful :-( 
Heading to bed ..... Sweet Dreams All :-) 
http://liveshots.blogs.foxnews.com/2010/08/27/bringing-life-to-ground-zero/ 
Interesting how companies find ways to trace what we do . 
http://www.wimp.com/printerspying/ 
???? 
I loved you the minute you were born , then I saw your face and fell in 
love some more , you were only a minute old but I knew I would die for 
you & to this day I still would ! Put this on your status if you have 
children you love more than life ???? 
Fake 
(+) (+) , Perfect ( o)(o ) , Perky (*)(*) , Cold (^) (^) and even Grandmas \o/ 
\o/Big ( • )( • ) or small (.) (.) save ' em all . REPOST for Breast 
Cancer Awareness 
YOUR PHONE 
NUMBER IS NOW ON FACEBOOK ! URGENT ! 
Go to top right and click 
Account then Edit Friends . Go to left side of screen and 
click Phonebook . PLEASE REPOST ( Privacy Settings - Phone - Customize - Only Me ) 
You ALSO need to adjust the setting on your phone . On mine , I navigated to my facebook mobile site and clicked the menu button . Scroll to " options " and make you are NOT syncing the phone with facebook . 
Children Learn What They Live 
I know I am a bit late on this for some holidays ... but .... Happy ChristmiKwanzYuliKkah :-) 
The pleasant feeling of eating chocolate is caused by a chemical called 
anadamide , a neurotransmitter which also is produced naturally in the 
brain . 
Now ... where did I put that darn block of chocolate ! 
OMG , this is the best Add-On for Firefox EVER !!! Have you ever seen a 
page on the internet that you think should never have been put up , or 
someone who just totally pisses you off ? Well , now you can exact 
revenge , or have fun simply dismantling their page ..... and you get 
scored on your effectiveness !!!! 
https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/14572/ 
Age 
4-Mommy knows everything ! Age 8-Mommy knows a lot ! At 12-Mom doesn't 
really know everything . @ 14-Mom doesn't know much of anything . @16 - Mom 
doesn't exist . @18 - She's so old-fashioned . @25 - Maybe Mom does know 
about this ! @35 - Before we decide , let's ask Mom . @45 - I wonder ... what 
Mom thinks about this ? @75 - I wish I could ask my Mom about this . Post 
this if you have or had the best MOM in the world ! 
You and I wake up in jail together ... Using only FOUR words , what would you say to me ? NOTE : if you comment , you gotta copy and paste this in your status , so I can comment on yours ! - fair is fair - play along 
Just .... wow .... 
We're hearing reports of extreme weather affecting thousands of people throughout the USA . If you are able , get out and check on your neighbor to see if they have heat , electricity , water and food ... especially the elderly ! 
" Remember there's no such thing as a small act of kindness . Every act creates a ripple with no logical end . " - Scott Adams 
This will be interesting . Leave a one word 
comment that you think best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR 
first name . It can only be one word . Then copy and paste this post on 
your wall , so I can leave a word about you . 
How giving flowers affect mood - A psychological experiment 
I really hate people who can't think for themselves and resort to being copycats for their moment of fame ! 
Facebook - One Site to rule them all , One Site to find them , One Site to bring them all and in the darkness bind them . 
http://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=166291066714744&id=1607679550&fbb=r25e259f5&refid=28 
URGENT : Re : child Abduction of my friend's children - D.A. wants ALL photos and posts removed until the Amber Alert goes out . 
A friend of the dad posted this : 
ALL : 
Spoke to the dad of the missing kids . The DA and feds are not happy 
with attempts to help . If you posted the image , please take it down for 
now . Its too early - when the amber alert goes out then we can put it on 
blast all we want . Thanks ! 
stolen from SBNR :-) 
" Each 
morning , when we wake up , we have twenty-four brand new hours to live . 
What a precious gift ! We have the capacity to live in a way that these 
twenty-four hours will bring peace , joy and happiness to ourselves and 
others . " ~ Thich Nhat Hanh . 
Just found the most amazing product line ! Went to the mall with my mom 2 days ago and found ourselves at the Dead Sea Spa Cosmetics kiosk at the media Center Mall in Burbank . We bought 2 products to help with my son's skin .... 
YAY !!! Thunder :-) 
OK , talk about the High School textbooks going too far .... consider this statement in my son's textbook for 10th grade History : 
Just south of the Sahara , mighty rivers flow across plains . These rivers include the Congo , Zambezi , and @# ! *% . 
How the heck are they supposed to learn about the NIGER river if their textbook won't even show the word ? 
Happy Thanksgiving , Happy Turkey Day , Happy day of gluttonous abandon ! 
The History Channel - The Haunted History of Halloween 
5 part series 
post 
this as your status if you are against bullying of any type , or you 
have been bullied because of your weight , age , sex , race , religion , or 
your sexuality . 
For all my Jewish friends ... 
A 
Jewish man buys a fabulous home in Beverly Hills , California . He brings in a 
local workman to decorate the place . When the job is finished , the homeowner 
is delighted but realizes that he's forgotten to put mezuzahs on the doors . 
To all the unselfish moms out there who traded sleep for dark circles , salon haircuts for ponytails , long showers for quick showers , late nights for early mornings , designer bags for diaper bags & wouldn't change a thing . Lets see how many Moms can actually post this . Moms who don't care about what they gave up and instead , LOVE what ... they got in return ! Post this if you love your life as a mom . 
1 . Go to Google Maps and click get directions . 
2 . Write U.S.A. as your start point . 
3 . Write Japan as your destination . 
4 . Go to the 31st point on your your route . When you stop laughing , re-post this in your status so that others can laugh too 
A status message I just saw posted - " As we trudged to the parking lot this morning , we were delighted to find someone had dug our car out of the snow . Kindness ! We passed it forward and dug someone else out . Maybe they'll do the same ? Maybe even though we all still shoveled snow , we will be much happier about it , because it was an act of giving ? Imagine the whole world working like this ... " 
YAY ! Lump was a benign lipoma ..... does a happy dance !!! 
Don't drink and drive- and don't ride with anybody who does . Tipsy Tow offered by AAA : You Don't have to be a AAA member , from 6pm-6am on new years eve/day they will take your drunk self and your car home for FREE . Save this number ... 1-800-222-4357 . Please re-post this if you don't mind . 
God could not be everywhere , that's why he created mothers . -- Claire Villanueva 
