26 miles of biking ugh I'm going to be feeling that tomorrow 
people who are mentally hilarious are even funnier when 1 ) they get up at the crack of dawn 2 ) have only had 2 to 3 hours of sleep 3 ) have just had a ton of coffee 4 ) have to sit in a chair for about an hour and 45 min 
you know your over someone when you don't light up inside anymore when you see them and when you can't remember what made you light up in the first place 
19 days left ! 
last whole day in michigan yay and sadness 
there's a little froggie on my window ! 
goodbye small town bridgman hello tallahassee fl ;) 
found out there will be around 70 thousand students in the city wow bridgman just gets smaller and smaller every day 
9 days left in old bridgman starting to pack hmm ... 
first fender bender not fun 
off to yoga :D 
just found out that to change a drivers license you need to have a social security card and birthcertificate ... both of which are back in michigan frickerdoodle !!!!! 
needs a box =P 
gets bad road rage who woulda guessed ? 
home's going to be so different when i go back , trying to figure out how i feel about that :P 
first college painting DONE =] 
1st day of classes tomorrow 
just went through some old notes wow lifeguards are so random at 5:45 in the morning haha 
can tell that tuesday and thursday classes will be amazing =] 
what are you supposed to do when it feels like your world is falling apart and everyone you love is so far away ? 
2nd painting DONE ! =] 
rest in peace Jeff and Frankie 
just chased a frog around the house =P 
math = bane of my existence :P 
Go band seniors have fun at your last preformance ! =] 
sometimes i wish i was a roly-poly 
carving my pumpkin finally ... a bit late in the game but hey still fun ! 
used my math book for the first time ... to kill a bug :P 
this stuff is NOT apple cider idk what it is 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
took a " detour " trying to get back to my uncle's from jean's whew thank you full tank of gas and cell phone 
spring classes set finally such a headach 
2 weeks of classes left 
thinking of getting a guitar does anyone have pointers ? 
AMAZINGNESS ! 
baking an apple pie and rocking out in the kitchen :D 
je t'adore 
classes DONE ! ... now on to exams :P 
no classes today thank you vetrans =] 
HOME ! 
sitting outside in a tanktop and shorts somtimes gotta love this place :D 
is being a mouse with andrea hehe =P 
no more painting class :'( 
new phone happiness :D 
its a headless horse thing with no tail ! 
back down in florida goodbye michigan and those i love for a while 
I want to be one of those pilot peoples for boats ! 
1 week ahhhh ! all packed up tho now just need to clean up the room =P 
first fsu game of the season tonight :D 
time goes too fast 
packing ... oh how I loathe thee 
rain rain go away come again another day ... preferably one when i don't have to drive 
late night = cat nap later 
crazy shenanigans 
things learned in literature writing today : do not kill your lover and dry out their body like some perverse human flower 
sometimes life is just plain out amazing and all you can do is love it 
hot pink 
Weird laws in FL : Lap dances must be given at least six feet away from a patron in Tampa . 
Happy Single's Awareness Day ! 
why do people assume so much ? it ruins perfectly good things 
One month exactly till I get to come home I can't wait to see everyone even my booger brothers =] 
green means GO not SLOW !!! 
For all the girls out there you are BEAUTIFUL don't forget it ! 
Hopper Frogio McDoodle and Mimi <3 
is a sexy hippo 
once again i need more boxes and i can not wait to come home 
omn nom nom I <3 pears :D 
Spring Break at last ! 
just spent the last hour or so outside working on sketckbooks i've put off 
absolutly can NOT wait for Melissa Anne Cook and Mia Doerschner to get here for their spring break !!! 
I haven't killed you guys 
in the 60s and its december wow this is weird 
You love it , I embrace it 
caffeine is a wonderful thing 
Happy Pi Day ! 
the apple cider is a lie and there's no paczki :( 
? ' s beach days and bunnies 
amazing day with Andrea Christine Babcock even invented a new form of BIRD :D many more andventures to come ! ( BO <3 ) 
Florida Wine Festival =] 
walls ... they're pretty solid and rather hurt when you smack face first into them 
is a straight ally and today is National Coming Out Day . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and only five states plus DC recognize that love , not gender , is what matters in a marriage . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/a2yJLg . 
" Oh well ... I'd just been thinking , if you had died , you'd have been welcome to share my toilet . " - Moaning Myrtle 
off to yoga :) 
memo to self : do not wear black knit skirt on windy days unless i have an urge to flash people 
fresh corn pudding ... ewww >.< Cooks.com that sounds straight up nasty 
bad juju 
How is it that time can be going so very fast and slow in the same moment ? 
I think it's time to bust out the paint :) 
I love Florida's weather but I'm a tad jealous of all you with snow days 
has hit the wall 
can no longer see the floor ... i should probably do something about that :P 
almost got stuck in an awkwardly hilarious situation 
Topekaing 
Dear psychology paper , 
I hate you , that is all . 
Love from one tired college student 
Planet gazing and chalking up FSU :D 
why did i sign up for morning classes ? 
Happy Velociraptor Awareness Day ! 
Mr. Muscle Man I dislike you but not as much as Mr. Bones 
things to do in the car when bored : 1 . rock out to the radio 2 . make faces at people passing by ... as long as they can't see 3 . send random txts and then try to find service 4 . serenade people's voicemail 
Freshman year done ! :D 
Boredom = finding out how to make a scarf into a shirt or 2 different styles of dresses by simply tying knots 
Time to bust out the Christmas music ! :D 
All these happy turkey day statuses ... must resist urge to " like " them all >.< 
Hope ya'll have yummy food to nom down on with family ! 
Finally done with classes , now for exam week . 9 Days till Michigan <3 
it's too quiet 
DONE with classes ... now for the exams BRING IT 
off to Chicago with Mia Doerschner and Margarita Doerschner for the day ! <3 
“If only , if only , the woodpecker sighs , the bark on the tree was as soft as the skies . The wolf waits below , hungry and lonely , and cries to the moon , if only , if only . ” 
does anyone know the band seether and want to go to their concert ? 
i despise monday mornings 
I like to oot , oot , oot oo-ples and boo-noo-noos :D 
surf trip was awesome ! 
" you sir are a greasy french fry " -Nagem 
off to Chicago for the day with Melissa Anne Cook ! 
why hello there cloud nine :D 
Oh lookie I got an email to help enlarge my penis ... well it is rather small , some might even say non existent :P 
laundry day = when i can no longer see the floor 
Happy National Chocolate Ice Cream Day ! 
loading up the car and getting ready to head out tonight :) 
i love it when my brothers steal my mom's phone and txt me :D such shenanigans 
rain please go away and come back when I want to sleep :P 
house broken into and robbed ... not exactly the best monday in the world 
Every Aardvark Deserves Good Broken Eggs Yves Miranda 
ughhh memo to self do not chug 1/2 a carton of orange juice , tummy will not be pleased 
Done with summer classes , packing time now ( 8 days ) :) 
back in Michigan 
" It is when we are most lost that we sometimes find our truest friends . " -Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs 
I <3 mini multicolored sharpies 
skype with Julie Billingsley , poor Keiko kept looking around for me . Silly pup . 
thank you unknown black prius driver for making my morning :) 
using a dryer sheet to keep hair from being staticy = mind blown 
GO NOLES ~ FEAR THE SPEAR ! --//--> 
Done with Black Friday morning craziness , yay for boosting the economy with Carly McClanahan ! :D 
I like it on the floor but the stairs and kitchen counter work just fine :) 
pulling out the suitcases 3 weeks :) 
" If A is a success in life , then A equals x plus y plus z . Work is x ; y is play ; and z is keeping your mouth shut . " 
— Albert Einstein 
Happy Birthday Leif and Trace ! Wow you're teenagers ! 
FRISBEE TIME ! :D 
Can tubes of paint grow legs and walk away ? Hmmm ... come hither prussian blue I need you ! 
First Fridays tonight with awesome people :D 
I <3 the lovely fantabuliously amazing Andrea Christine Babcock <3 
" Beauty is in the eye of the beholder and it may be necessary from time to time to give a stupid or misinformed beholder a black eye . ( as said by Miss Piggy ) " 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes , I had a fantastic day :) 
14 hours till Michigan <3 
I <3 beach days with Mia Doerschner 
Listening to the rain fall down wrapped in a blanket with mellow music playing , this is my happiness <3 
" I've learned that people will forget what you said , people will forget what you did , but people will never forget how you made them feel . " — Maya Angelou 
1 week left , time flies . 
" Why do you go away ? So that you can come back . So that you can see the place you came from with new eyes and extra colors . And the people there see you differently , too . Coming back to where you started is not the same as never leaving . " - Terry Pratchett 
" Have you ever been in love ? Horrible isn't it ? It makes you so vulnerable . It opens your chest and it opens up your heart and it means that someone can get inside you and mess you up . " - Neil Gaiman 
can no longer see the floor ... time for a massive laundry day ! 
sometimes 981.37 miles is too far away 
1 WEEK !!! 1 week , only 7 days <3 Home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home <3 
" I like nonsense , it wakes up the brain cells . " - Dr. Seuss 
I love random text messages from my little brothers :D 
trigger happiness with cameras isn't bad is it ? 
It's snowing in Tally ?! My mom and brothers are cursing it haha 
Trigonometry is like a foreign language determined on destroying my happiness ... 24 more classes to go ... whoop whoop :P 
Done with Mr. Bones ... TIME FOR A VICTORY DANCE ! :D 
Home isn't a set destination , it's more of a feeling gained over time and it's possible to have more than one . 
Off to the airport I go :) 
Made the Dean's list :D 
There's no place just like this place anywhere near this place so this must be the place . Perfectly logical :) 
the only thing roaches are good for is stress relief 
FSU ! Great game :D 
person who owns the blue smart car at TCC I am envious ! 
Trigonometry should go die in a hole so I can cover it up and dance on it's grave . 
time to organize some clutter ... I'm going to need a bigger box 
Likeslut : Someone on Facebook that overuses and generally abuses the " like " function ... pretty sure I'm guilty 
Out on the town with Carly McClanahan tonight ! And it's my bros first ever school dance , how I wish I was there to pester and fuss over them <3 
pretty sure the function of a vacuum is to suck up dust and such ... not spit it back at you 
Julie Billingsley you are an amazing momma and I don't know what I'd do without your support <3 
om nom nom in wikipedia redirects you to failure but om nom nom nom takes you to cookie monster ... I had no idea that one nom could make all the difference 
Coffee <3 
I got a sticker , I got a sticker , I got a sticker 
Hey , hey , hey , hey 
Go vote and get yours ! 
is tired of this never ending summer-land . 
I can't believe I'm saying this but cold GO AWAY ! Please ? 
Please put this as your status if you know or are related to someone who was killed in Hogwarts when it was under siege by the Death Eaters during The Second Wizarding War . The Order brings Unity , but the Death Eaters continue to foster division and hatred . 57ish citizens died in the terrorist attack against Hogwarts . 93% of you won't repost this . Repost to show your support of Dumbledore's Army . 
Who says Valentines day is only for couples ? Spread the love to anyone important in your life , hope everyone has a great day <3 
" Time you enjoy wasting , was not wasted . " 
- John Lennon 
memo to morning self : you've set the alarm so don't be a dolt and open any doors or windows till you've turned it off ... or the police will come again . 
Yesterday is history . Tomorrow is a mystery . Today is a gift . That's why we call it " The Present " . - Eleanor Roosevelt 
What is this madness ? It's 81 outside but it's almost December ! 
Oh yes , the past can hurt . But the way I see it , you can either run from it , or ... learn from it . - Rafiki 
Lord of the Rings : The Fellowship of the Ring , extended version ... I am happy <3 
Family , yummy food , bubble wrap and bows , I love Christmas :) 
" Just because you've got the emotional range of a teaspoon doesn't mean we all have " - Hermione 
Am I the only one who thought it was fun to ride down the stairs in a laundry basket as a child ? 
by this time in 2 weeks I'll be home again <3 
" Dreaming permits each and every one of us to be quietly and safely insane every night . " 
— Charles Fisher 
Jordan Hodge you are a lifesaver and flippin fantastic ! Carly McClanahan and I thank you bunches ! 
Home at last <3 
I'm a huge jerk ! Go Steelers ! I love Roethlisberger ! 
being left handed in a right handed world requires patience and creativity 
" Every traveler has a home of his own , and he learns to appreciate it the more from his wandering . " - Charles Dickens 
20 days , just 20 flippin days ! Home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , home , HOME ! 
does anyone have a ticket they're not using for the FSU vs Florida game ? 
" Traveling is all very well and good as long as you know there is a place or person you can call home " -Jodi Picoult ( 4 Days till Michigan ? ) 
The weekend at last , now for some quality time with my textbooks ... oh joy 
" I'm the one that has to die when it's time for me to die , so let me live my life , the way I want to . " — Jimi Hendrix 
wisdom tooth extraction day ... oh joy 
23 degrees out but feels like 14 with the sun shining , perfect weather for making a snowman ! 
cooking instructions ... they're handy when read , thank you Brad Mitchell for not letting me go after the crab with a mallet . 
absolute blast with Carly McClanahan , Stacy Mowry , Anna Wirgau , Olivia Ramsey , Tim Kenyon , and Tyler Muntean at the Strip tonight :D 
50 DKP minus ! 
Space Jam ! I haven't seen this movie in forever 
Cherry 
Two more classes and then spring break 2011 :D 
Acorrding to Melissa Anne Cook I'm a cuddly snuggly buggly blob , at least I'm warm :P 
productive procrastination : 
n . Doing stuff to keep busy while avoiding what really needs doing . When all is said and done , your room is clean , your laundry is folded ... but you haven't started your English paper . 
Melissa Anne Cook should join Ducky . 
The truth will set you free ... or send you to prison . 
Melissa Anne Cook , peanut butter does not belong on noses ! 
Coffee <3 
Hot coffee is rather lovely , unless it's spilled on you . 
Yay for the smell of turpentine and oil paints , time to call it a night . 
bruises make me feel hardcore even if they're from being uncoordinated and running into inanimate objects 
Things learned in mythology class : We are all raisins in a giant raisin cookie , in order to become a hero you have to leave the cookie and bring back a chocolate chip then spread it's chocolaty goodness around to all creating a giant chocolate chip raisin cookie . 
Hoorah for new recipes , apple strudel cake I am determined to make you . 
half a cake's worth of whoopsie is not fun to clean up >.< 
" Place sticker on forehead . Smile . " I knew I loved Chiquita bananas for a reason . 
I miss Julie Billingsley and my booger brothers , thank goodness they'll be here Friday . :D 
My brother Trace is taller than me , what is the world coming to ?! 
Sharpies , tinfoil , canvas , paints , pastels , pencils , charcoal and paper ... what can I create ? 
I'm craving a Disney movie fest , too bad all the videos are back home in Michigan >.< 
getting ready to head to the airport , this week went way too fast . 
It looks like a smurf exploded in my hands , oh the joys of painting class . 
Oh Stroz , I'd say I've missed you but that'd be a lie :P 
Today , my friend gave me a present for my birthday . It's a calender , but not a normal calender . It's made entirely out of bubblewrap . Now when I wake up I can pop the bubble with the date written on it . This is going to be a fun year . MLIA . 

I must find this . 
Hello last week of classes and oncoming finals , goodbye sleep . 
