listening 2 Metallica 
let it snow dangit ! 
we lost the rifle match 
" It felt like somethin ' jumped up and bi it me " -Forest Gump 
power went out 
i hate crunchy taco shells 
" Monster " by Skillet is stuck in my head 
matti fellers & i have the same birthday 
i think i just memorized th stuff 
another boring weekend ..... 
i'm gonna lead PT friday !!! 
it's suppose 2 snow again 2mro ! 
should i try 2 lead PT again this week ? 
i donated my 1st pint of blood ever 2day , got a new knife , Halo : Legends movie , and sore legs from walking all day . ??? 
my house got 2 1/2 to 4 inches of snow , and it's still snowing ! 
homework 
don't 4 get : Class A w/ Black Gloves 
PT didnt go as good as last week 
JROTC will not be the same without LTC Kee . i will remember March 6 , 2010 for the rest of my life 
2day is goin by really slow 
LOOK IT'S BOB ? / This is bob , copy paste him on / ? every comment you see so he can / \ take over Facebook . You been Bobbed 
" Kindnap the Sandy Claws " by KoRn is awsome 
Messege In A Bottle : " Sending out an SOS , Sending out an SOS , etc . " for 80 BAGILION TIMES !! 
who has 2nd lunch ? 
hiccups suck 
we got PT 2mro , JROTC pickels 
the other day in JROTC , we went over the seating scedual for the dinning out . my family and i were suppose to sit at table 38 with brandon high's , and swhitala's families . whwn we got there , our cards werent at the table , so i went 2 see the seating chart . it said that my family was suppose 2 b at table 7 . something screwed up 
i went outside 4 like 2 hours looking for bugs for our environmental science project . i was thinking of the good days of being little of having fun doing nothing 
get ur uniforms ready : Class B w/Black Jacket ( no gloves and lining ) 
hey ppl , go 2 cleverbot.com and type a question , greeting , son lyrics or something and it will talk to/sing/answer you 
i stepped on a push-pin last nite . it got stuck in my foot . it hurt 
chili dogs+macaroni & cheese = BIG mess 
waiting 4 a video 2 upload and it is taking forever 
about 11 1/2 hours after donating blood , my arm is stll bleeding ( i got a bandage on it ) 
http://www.allcrazyfunny.com/?p=funny_pictures 
i don't wanna do homework 
didn't Chuck E . Cheese's slogin say " where a kid can be a kid ? " . since when did they start saying " where a kid can be a star ? " 
HUNGRY !!!!! 
i did the unpredictable yesterday . i WORKED outside ! 
i looked out my window and saw my neighbor's dog throw-up , eat it , then throw-up again . sick 
eatin sum ribs , listening 2 dethklok 
im an Aggron ! rawr !!! 
Evolution by KoRn is stuck in my head 
http://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=http://images.cheezburger.com/completestore/2009/7/27/128931881276713980.jpg&imgrefurl=http://cheezburger.com/TemplateView.aspx%3Fciid%3D6828361&usg=__djjaB3r20FlkOGw9Lz0PtQaiARo=&h=346&w=500&sz=48&hl=en&start=20&zoom=1&tbnid= 
i got Last Resort by Papa Roach stuck in my head ! 
gettin frustrated b/c the computer is being retarded 
look at this 
" kidnap the sandy clause , lock him up tight . throw-away the and turn off all the lights ! " -KoRn . i wanna watch the nightmare before christmas now 
eating a sneakers bar and listening to KoRn 
i gotta new profle picture ! ( and a severe zit break-out ) 
drinking a cup of chocolate milk and can't stop shivering 
i just found out that my mp3 player has over 38 hours of music on it 
HUNGRY 
eating A LOT of food ... 30 min later im hungry again 
my milk tastes funny-weird 
omg ! my mom brought home ANOTHER stray dog . rofl . it's a little puppy jack russell/beagle mix . she's soooo cute ! her body color is white w/big lite-brown spots . the other dogs are STALKING her EVERYWHERE 
school starts on my birthday 
" Who are you calling a lint-licker you koody queen ? " 
1st : envirenmental science , 2nd : jrotc , 3rd : spanish , 4th : math 
Dethklok , Dethklok , Dethklok , Dethklok , Dethklok ! 
why do RETARDED movies ruin the good songs ? 
put a LITTLE too much hot sauce in my noodles 
tryin 2 find my way around this site http://chatter.com/a/6fnpu?ref=nf 
i got a feeling that im missing a pint of blood . 
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Playing-Bumper-Cars-With-The-Buggies-In-Wal-Mart/119138604791882 
soo , i am finally out of work . which is good because i now have free time and can now talk to mary ! 
gotta run the mile today 4 the Cadet Challenge . it's gunna suck 
i saw ZZ Top last nite and that guy is koller than Kool-Aid 
watchin Nitro Circus 
going 2 see ZZ Top in a few hours 
i just finished my math homework , i'm pretty sure that 90% of it is wrong though . at least i tried :) 
i found a dead scorpion in my room in the middle of the floor . idk how it died 
bout 2 make sum pizza 
I HATE HICCUPS 
i so happy b/c i got more minutes on my phone 
mmmmmmmmm , leftover pork chops ( huge ) 
pizza , chocolate milk , and video games ... awesome day 
bear grylls is pwning the wild 
JCLC 
pizza looks good ... i saw Avatar 4 the 1st time today and it was AWSOME 
i want some ribs 
5:18 
had an awsome time with Mary last night 
GO 2 GOOGLE . COM . it's really kool 
i got bored , so i typed in " i hate " into the search bar and starrted likeing a buch of stuff 
2 days till JCLC ! 
time 2 get sine-off , get something 2 eat , steal the remote from my brother , and sit back and relax until my mom tells me 2 go 2 bed :) 
i coughed so hard that i think i broke a rib ... 
IM GOING 2 JCLC ! 
got promoted to platon leader today . EXCITEMENT !!! ( probably spelt wrong ) but i was wanting to stay S-3 assestent ( spelt wrong ) so i could become the new S-3 . but i guess someone else can do it becuase im a PLATOON LEADER !!! and i will do my very best at it 
http://chickencamels.poemofquotes.com/politics/why-i-hate-democrats 
i just whatched the new episode of Doctor Who . it is so weird 
i went 2 the dentist the other day and i have no cavities . 5 or 6 years in a row ! 
Juniors have the graduation writing test tomorrow . writing has ALWAYS been my worst subject 
pulled a prank on my brother : put a lot of salt on his toothbrush and took a video of his reaction ( not happy ) it was funny though lol 
listening to my music and doin homework 
i started playing POKe'MON Soul-Silver like 2 days ago , and i have put-in over 24 hours of game time ! ima about 2 beet the Elite 4 and go 2 the Kanto region 
my bro's b-day was yesterday , my mom's is on the 30th , and mine is on aug . 10th ( the day school starts ) HAPPY BIRTHDAY 
HLPFUL TIP #1 : ALWAYS CHECK HOW MUCH MILK YOU HAVE BEFORE YOU POUR CEREAL INTO A BOWL 
since Facebook has made a " Like " button , they need 2 make a " Hate " button w/it 
going 2 my orthidontist 2day . i havent been wearing my retaner like he told me , i wonder wat will happen ... 
just got back from the high school . had 2 usher at the football game , went great excet for the standing paart . could someone tell me the score ? 
hey ppl , yall gotta try out cleverbot at cleverbot.com . it's really funny 
i had 2 get 2 shots yesterday , my bro had 2 get 3 . it was funny bcause i felt no pain and he was screeming like a baby 
Sometimes I just want to copy someone's status , word for word , and see if they notice . 
does anybody remember the scores for Friday night's home game ? 
i would post the videos of Jimmy Head talking about women's underwear ( it was a joke topic to embarris him in class ) but my computer is too slow to upload the videos 
why does my b-day have 2 be on the day school starts ? 
i hate it when ppl post a status in another language that is not english ... lol 
thanks for all the happy birtdays . school was not bad except i hardly kno anybody in a couple of classes 
workin gets harder by each day ... 
throat still HURTS from conducting PT on Friday 
it feels like i still have my watch on when i take it off 
gotta start re-memorizing the 4 phases of PT again ... 
so , me and my cousin finally got over 1 million points in halo : reach . it takes FOREVER to get it ( over 107 minutes ) 
i beat HALO : REACH last night . what happend to JUN ? last i remember is he gets in a falcon and flies away 
bleeding from when the drill fell on my shoulder , and from when i fell trying to get a tire off the rim 
homework sucks 
my mom just got a ' 97 chevy lerium . it might be old , but it is in great shape and drives better than her ' 98 jimmy 
i sold 14 donut coupons for JROTC ! ( thank you for the help mom ! ) 
dont forget we gotta wear uniforms tomorrow 
somewhat good day of school . nothing bad happend . 
Col . Ward seems like a very good person and i look forward to having him as our new SAI . 
my brother and i went to the dentist for our 6 month check-up . he has 2 cavaties that need fillings and 4 teeth that need to be pulled . i have 2 small cavaties that need fillings and my bottom wisdom teeth need to be pulled . :O 
i went to the pow-wow with mary today ! it was really fun 
whatchin Macgyver and think " how it it that possible ? " 
the logic makes sense , but the way it happens doesnt 
ok , so i can now FB chat with ppl because my mom downloaded internet explorer 8 
spent about 9 hours in columbus today ! tireder then tired . the 1st thing i did was donate blood , then we ate at mongos , went to goodwill , then kmart , then office depot , then finally went to walmart . SLEEP 
power has been out since 2 , just came back on . yay ! 
done w/homework 
forget to wear uniforms tomarrow !!! lol 
happy 10-10-10 
China ( dog ) is making noises while sleeping . lol 
what makes 29 cents , but not useing the quarter ? 
finaly done with my homework after about 2 1/s hours ( no thanks to math ) 
POP-TARTS !!!! 
almost about halfway done typing my essay for JROTC . i really dont kno how we're suppose to do this if we dont have guidlines on how to format it . " go interview a veteran and write an essay ... i want it size 14 , Times New Roman , and single spaced ( i think that's what he said ) ... i want the class to read their papers in a month ... " that's all the info he really gave us 
i hate fanpages that say : 
step 1 ) become a fan 
step 2 ) invite ALL of ur friends 
step 3 ) click this link 
step 4 ) take this servey 
step 5 ) click THIS link 
step 5 ) ( now at the page and it doesnt work ) 
Facebook is being stupid and wont let me instant chat 
berry to mint ! 
i got shot in the arm ... by a needle . needles dont hurt at all , but my brother was wyning the whole time 
just got back from the 2 mile jog w/the dogs . they almost got into 2 fights , omg ! my dogs : China ( REALLY HUGE ) , Max ( border colly ) , Shelby ( small , American Sht-zu ) , and Kadie ( beagle-jackrussle mix ) . Kadie and Shelby were good , but Max and China wanted to do thier own thing ( run , chase animals , fight , and pee on EVERYTHING ) . my legs and arms are SORE as mess now , and China broke her leash 
why is it that nearly EVERY1 i know is Republican ? 
im also taking th ASVAP tomorrow morning , and it's supposed to take 3 hours to finish !!!!!!! 
tired of immature retarded ppl who do not know how to act mature 
wow . yesterday for PT , i lead the platoon run , and we ran 1 1/4 miles WITHOUT stopping ! then i went to work and this kid went " * BURP * * BLEEEHHHH * ( threw up ) " and i almost threw up also XP . 
anyways ... any1 see the Black Ops commercial ( the new 1 w/real ppl) ? 
I AM SO FULL XP 
i wanna go see the Green Hornet this weekend 
*** Home Coming Parade tomorrow . idk where at though ( probably here in Hamilton ) . Remember to bring your black jackets with your uniform . *** 
eat'n some CHUNKY soup 
y r ppl stil up ? happy halloween ! 
Alabama lost to SC . 21:35 
hate it when the tree eats my bait ! 
i went fishing yesterday w/my mom , my brother , my mom's bf , and my mom's bf's son . we caught 7 fish 
my brother woke me up at about 8 this morning and had the dogs jump on my bed and start playing around and wrestling with other while i was still laying down . then i went to my doctor and got my physical done . then went to Randa's so my mom and brother could get thier hair cut . then we went to Callaway so my mom could do something with a computer 
went to Maty's church with her family and had a bunch of fun and candy . XD 
im sad that im not going to see her a gain till Wednesday though :( 
mom just brought home 4 boxes of papa john's pizza and like 6 2 liter drinks ! 
i better take an acid reducer pill tonight ( acid refluxe issues ) . :D 
finally got the christmas decorations down . 
lol 
but i dont wanna go to school ! 
wats every1's scheduale ? ( spelt wrong ) 
1)Spanish-not mrs alamo 
2)American Lit . - cant remember 
3)JROTC- ltc ward 
4)US History- mr freeman 
had a big rifle compition today . i shot a 246 out of 300 which is good . my team finally broke over 1000 points in the total score , but we still didnt get a trophy . we have 1 more big match on Feb 9th , so we have time to get better . next week , we have 2 different matches in Macon County !!! 
PT was awsome 
