Can't wait for tomorrow ... 
... What makes 2012 such a great movie to watch ? 
I wonder what's going to happen tomorrow ... 
living , growing , changing , evolving ... 
i miss my xbox :( 
Working late night , not that we hate light . Just feels right , that's when tracks come out tight . Thoughts start creeping , people are sleeping . Pull words out of the dreams , it's the deep end . 
imeem 
Happy Thanksgiving . 
Never count your blessings with haste . Even a prophet can catch a case . Didn't realize how sweet the future might taste . Telepathically cutting through mental gates . Words were weapons against their hate . - " The Outcome " - NaS 
" There are many doors that I have not open and doors I have yet to walk through ... " 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_uInlVohDg 
happy birthday Bianca Villarreal and Johnny Wilson 
My soul is going to hurt tomorrow . -_- 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ig6o7YNQU1A 
24 people online 
sleep . 
Equinox : The Lost Tapes 2 
There HAS to be a snow day tomorrow . 
I think I just realized what fml means . 
I'm about to go watch VGA 2009 
41 online 
Just came home from open house . 
people who are helpless , we try to show them love and civilization , because civilization didn't flow the river nile . it flowed down the river nile ... 
I don't think im gonna make it ... ( studying for finals ) 
3 finals geometry : failing it chemistry : i just might make it english : i'm ready 
* sigh * studying ... 
DJing in progress ... 
godspeed you black emperor 
7th Period Final Done . 
his imperial majesty ( redemption mix ) 
Modern Warfare 2 won for best shooter . ^___^ 
Is it snowing outside ? 
does anyone regret putting their phone number of facebook ? 
i need something to do . X ( 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F5-adxPtoH0 
:/ everyone has plans except me . 
who is justin bieber ? 
Merry Christmas eve ? 
Nehemiah Yung Nemo Horton 
:( i wanna get out of my house . 
merry christmas 
Merry Christmas One And All 
On last.fm on xbox live . :) 
teebee & calyx - the shape of things to come 
just made it home from varsity game . st. joes won . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_XLWcgZYpUg 
57 
zzzzzzzz ...... 
happy birthday Angelica De Los Reyes 
happy birthday Abraham Flores 
DJ Shadow - High Noon 
" And I have rejuvenated many times . After all of this rejuvenation , I shall have power , honor , and majesty . So when I get those things from the almighty , we will rule with thunder , flash lightning , and make the earth the quake . " ? 
" Meet me at the bank of the beautiful river . Many a journey I've seen . I and I will discuss about this matter . Jah no dead . " ? 
Roni Size - Share The Fall 
Space Invaders 
leaving for funeral :/ 
Done with finals . But I have nothing to do for winter break . :( 
having faith for tomorrow . :) 
tongue 
Is there anything to do besides getting ready for finals ? 
bored . recording stuff . X ) 
Happy Birthday Ariel Guzman 
forsaken dreams 
3 finals done . 2 more . i'm already exhausted . X ( 
what's 102109 ? 
Happy Birthday Erica King 
Happy Birthday Max Gonzales 
beatgem ? 
I'm gonna open one of my presents at midnight . 
" It's only after we have lost everything that we are free to do anything . " - Brad Pitt , Fight Club 
Happy Birthday Stephanie Alexis 
????? ? ????? ? ? (?) ? ? ????? ?? 
The Medicine Men - Scream In The Jungle 
youtube is my tv 
Happy Birthday Jeff Vitek 
my head's clearing up . maybe I can play MW2 after all . :) :) :) 
Action and reaction , ebb and flow , trial and error , change - this is the rhythm of living . 
happy birthday Avery Harmon 
Max Romeo - Chase The Devil 
( low key ) I hate my parents . 
X Project - Jah Set It 
?? The record ends and we must begin again . ?? 
illegal sounds from the vibe 
happy birthday Dena Ferraro 
Getting closer to god in a tight situation . 
trigger happy tv :) 
-_- apparently , i'm not going to school tomorrow because i have to attend a funeral . 
Happy birthday Avery Harmon 
not ready to go back to school 
happy birthday Saul Rubio 
Happy Birthday Alexcia Sweetest'Girl Kilgore 
going to see a doctor . 
can we change the future ? 
can anyone hold secrets forever ? 
Xbox Live = A place where the armpit of society ridicules and mocks players with less skill 
happy birthday Kiara BirthdayGurl Wallace 
no smoke without fire 
" And now for my next number , I'd like to return to the classics . " 
rhythm is rhythm ?? ? ? 
" The best form of dictatorship is when you believe that you are free . " 
help me to understand what i am doing wrong . 
back from funeral :/ 
do what you love ; love who you are . 
?? rhythm is rhythm - strings of life ; personal favorite . :) 
Happy Birthday Kiara Wallace 
dub music ? 
act prep . =( 
saints 
hates the feeling of rejection 
roflmao 
?? VIRTUAL DJ ?? 
kinda pissed right now . i should be playing MW2 with certain person right about now . instead i am lying in bed trying not to gag . fml . 
And the Lord said , " Let There Be Light .... " ; open the skies and let sun shine . 
? finished homework . watching super bowl . 
I'm having difficulty coping at the moment . 
http://www.formspring.me/killtheinvader 
In bed right now . Don't feel good . =[ 
Ask me anything http://formspring.me/killtheinvader 
Happy Valentine's Day . 
Happy Birthday Robert Quintana 
http://www.formspring.me/originalbadman 
Chris chan = God's greatest mistake 
What's with this new homepage ? 
has skype 
prestiged 
? squarepusher , aphex twin , burial , flying lotus 
let me wait in vain ... ? 
Happy Birthday Deming Nicolette & Alexis De La Rosa 
Happy Birthday Raven Margaret Glover 
I blame god if there's no snow day tomorrow . 
Ask me anything http://www.formspring.me/mxstarnished 
there is no snow day ... ... there is no god ... 
-_- .... can't it just snow already god dammit !? 
What happens when you poke someone ? 
Lift up your head and open your eyes . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ctm5fy3c-Eo 
Is this it ? That's what this is all about ? 
Aphrodite 
hates act prep class 
Happy Birthday Trinity Dent 
shitmat - loveheart trilogy 
? Enduser , Skream , Overseer , Benga , Drumcorps 
Just finished recording a 40 minute mix . My head hurts . :( 
insight ; foresight ; more sight ; the clock on the wall reads a quarter past midnight . 
combat arms 
Happy Birthday Rebecca Watson 
happy birthday Zac Traynor 
sierra mist and fl studio . 
Would you consider yourself a master of your own destiny ? 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o0KvpntXWI4 
Happy Birthday Darian James 
http://www.myspace.com/mattstandsinjudgement 
shroom 
mutt & outlook - dreams 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=02koyhrkqCk 
? Aphex Twin , Enduser , Venetian Snares , Squarepusher , Shitmat , Wagon Christ , Istari Lasterfahrer 
??? House 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TKJgdG3NGEA 
world of music 
??????? ds ?? d ? u ?????? p ? ? o ?? s ??? ?? ? ool o ? ???? I 
Happy Birthday John Wesley Stacks Doss & Joniece QueenVictoria Renee 
Happy Birthday Bryonna Washington 
this winter break was shit . 
I've just been dreaming this life . When I finally wake up , I will be somebody else . Somebody totally different .... I've just been dreaming ...... 
X Project Dub Plate 
happy birthday Alyssa Fuller 
Happy Birthday Elyza Zotik Garcia 
?? If a sound can take a human mind into an epic journey , then it has a purpose . ?? 
* gunmouth * 
feet 
It is from my will alone that I set my mind in motion . 
?? Making melodies to motivate heartbeats . ?? 
Happy Birthday Tiera Teneka 
? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5d_rPmm40DY 
~ BUFU ~ by us , fuck you . 
Happy Birthday Rebecca Arriola 
call of duty spec ops mode 
1st week of school was fucking bullshit . 
Happy Birthday Brian Powers and Daniel Jaquez 
Happy Birthday John Lennon 
thinking about not dying 
deadman dj 
I'm getting desperate for Friday to come ... 
wishing i knew where my ipod was ... 
it doesn't rain in chicago . IT FUCKING POURS !! 
Happy Birthday Jonathan Pullum , Jennifer Guevara , Kevin Sinacore 
happy birthday Mike Dodd 
breakcore addiction 
happy birthday Richard Palermo 
let me wait in vain . ? 
Happy Birthday Jose Carrera 
cleaning . 
zz top 
ihatebreakcore.com 
Who actually did the extra credit for algebra ? 
http://www.youtube.com/user/ThisKidPlaysItCooler 
" I spend so much time doing . Do I ever take time to think ? " 
too much shit on my mind :/ 
Happy Birthday Mike Bradley 
headphones on , world off . 
skelechairs 
Happy Birthday Cameron Harvey , Justin Blue , Michael Ashton , & Monica Forever'Young 
Happy Birthday Rebecca Richardson 
throw me in the rave like you threw a frag grenade 
Happy Birthday Lisa Lewis 
happy birthday Dominic Calcote 
happy birthday Olivia Gonzalez , Jai'lissa Seymore , & Tyler Blue 
happy birthday Darius Danny Phatom Wade 
“We are all travellers in the 
wilderness of this world , and the best we can find in our travels is an 
honest friend” 

Happy Birthday Anthony Sanchez 
I can't even look out of my windows . 
feels like the last man on earth 
happy birthday Jason Aguirre & Wesley Stacks Flowers 
Apparently , I'm going to florida even though I don't want to . 
?? make & mix beats 
i don't get upset . 
i kick a hole in the speaker , pull the plug , then i jet . 
happy birthday Itzayana Carranza 
Don't judge the new sound until you hear them play it . 
fuck easter 
I open myself to extreme possibilities . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQNUPr2YxC0 
Remember what the doormouse said . Feed your head . 
happy birthday Jacky Santiago 
facebook is fucking confusing 
going out for once . later . 
I fear reincarnation more than I fear death . 
? 
This is definitely the most interesting night I have had in a while . 
Everyday is a struggle . 
? breakage - morning star ( vip mix ) 
i'm a dead man walking 
I forgot the blackhawks existed . 
It's not about how many times you get knocked down , it's about whether you get back up or not . 
anarchy > obedience to the government 
Happy Birthday Julio Chavez , Michelle Delgadillo , & Michelle Perez 
:/ 
Sennheiser HD Headphones = Best Xmas Gift Ever . 
Happy Birthday Argelia Alcantara & Kenny Carter 
Happy Birthday Ashley Kalas-Ramonez & Krystal DoinqMeh Sanchez 
You used to hold me , told me that I was the best Anything in this world I want I could posess All that made me want is all that I could get In order to survive , gotta learn to live with regrets .. 
Happy Birthday Jonathan Pullum , Jennifer Guevara , & Kevin Sinacore 
I've done shit that I could never make excuses for ... 
happy birthday Anna Driskell , Joel Mayoral , & Biancaneve SottoInani 
Tekken 6 & Skate 3 . 
That algebra final DESTROYED me . :( 
" A gentleman has his eyes on all those present ; he is tender toward the bashful , gentle toward the distant , and merciful toward the absent . " Happy Birthday Melissa Quintana 
cheers to an all-nighter . :) 
Like this if you want to do something outrageous before this year ends . 
seriously . fml . 
... So I heard the juniors won the powderpuff game . 
" When the power of love overcomes the love of power , the world will know peace . " - Jimi Hendrix 
Oh lord tell me what to do | tell me oh lord | I mastered the art of rhyming | now I am so bored | Rap music and those who listen to it | Don't owe me nothing | I don't want nothing from it not even your judgment | - Canibus 
" You're a danger to both the dead and the living . " 
" I'd like to think I'm a master of my own destiny . " Clerks 
FL Studio 9 . 24/7 . 
Made by me . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JhATo0qjroI 
happy birthday Jonathan Walton & Ulrich Molina 
sadface . argentina lost to nazis . 
Happy Birthday Yvonne Barrueta 
Happy Birthday Gio Garrcia 
Happy Birthday Kathryn Boehmke 
11:11 
made 3 tracks in one day . 
Happy Birthday Raven Wam'Bam Brooks 
happy birthday Santino Rico 
Happy Birthday Alexis Garchitorena 
http://www.battlecam.com/mothman 
Happy Birthday Diana Fern & Daisy Soto 
watching the hangover 
“We should consider every day 
lost on which we have not danced at least once . And we should call every 
truth false which was not accompanied by at least one laugh . " 
Happy Birthday Shaaylan Jones 
School tomorrow . Only 1 1/2 months of this shit left . 
watching slumdog millionaire 
Through all of these wasted years , I have been trying to find out who I am ... 
happy birthday Kara Princess Hasegawa 
<3 Breakcore 
nothing ever changes 
I used to think that no one was trying to fuck me over . 
" What they don't know won't hurt them , what they try to unravel destroys them in the end . " 
made by me http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3fw7Q9ZG_-o 
thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday . 
I just realized that it's snowing outside . 
" Matthew's gonna be our next black president . " - Victor Samuel Pérez 
If I was president : 
1 . Marijuana & prostitution was legalized . 
2 . Immigration laws would be destroyed . 
3 . George Bush would hate me forever . 
Funeral tomorrow . r.i.p. grandma jeanette . =( 
best english project ever . ^___^ 
finished another remix 
happy birthday Alexander Billingslea , Brett Morris , & Tim Dacanay 
I'll never go deaf . I already know the music loud . 
fuck this ... 
is back from florida . 
Resolutions : We plan on it , but we fail afterwards . 
Happy Birthday Jacklyn Gearhart 
It's only after we've lost everything that we're 
free to do anything . 
Staying strong vs Not Caring 
I've slowly realized that I don't have any real friends at all . :/ 
happy birthday Erik Morales 
rain . :) 
I just noticed it was snowing . 
watching how high 
bet placed on England . 
F.I.N.A.L.S. 
Fuck , I Never Actually Learned Shit . 
Happy Birthday Manuel Broscheit 
finally finished my remix 
Happy Birthday Reggie Johnson 
Hate is no longer a strong enough word for me to describe how much I hate the way things are . 
some days I just can't take this shit ... 
happy mothers day 
So apparently everyone is to going to a beach while I'm stuck at home .... 
perfect . :/ 
summer 2010 = more beats . 
happy birthday Victor Arriola , Bibiana Guimarães , & Eric LeCoure 
DR OCTOGONAPUS 
O ? o 
/¯¯/_ o___o ___ o___o ____o_ 
\__\¯¯o¯¯¯o¯¯¯o¯¯¯o¯¯¯¯o 
BRAAAAAAAAWWWGGGGHHH !!!! 
it's because i'm mental , isn't it ? 
Argentina vs Greece ; 2 - 0 
^___^ 
at least the rain stopped 
Happy Birthday Alex ' Giovanni Zuniga , Gloria Garcia , and Robert Elliott Clark 
Happy Birthday Tommie Jenkins & Victoria Arriola 
Happy Birthday Alex ' Giovanni Zuniga , Gloria Garcia , & Robert Elliott Clark 
All I Want Is Somebody To Hug Me And Tell Me It's Going To Be Okay , So Basically , Someone To Lie To Me With A Straight Face . 
lol yellow sky 
starting chores 
all your base are belong to us . 
gaming with Obviously Jesus = good 4th of july 
Wow . I actually had hopes for green bay losing . 
Happy Birthday Andrew Skinner 
think negative , act positive . 
Breakage - The Shroud ( Original Mix ) 
I would have felt less guilty . 
Babylon 1980 
oovoo on school laptop 
I do not pretend to be a good person . I just do what I think is right as many times as I possibly can . 
did anyone get their report card yet ? 
Like this status , and I shall tell you : 1 . something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 . the color you remind me of . 3 . my first memory of you . 4 . the animal you remind me of . 5 . a question I've always wanted to ask you . 6 . my favorite thing about you . 7 . a challenge to repost this . 
??????????????? ??????????????? 
??????????????? ? ?? ?????? ???????? Z# ??????????????? ??????????????? 
?????????????? ? ???? ???? ?????? ??????????????? ??????????????? 
??????????????? ????????? ??? ???????????? ??????????? 
??????????????? ??????????????? ???? ?? ??????? ~ ??????????????? 
??????????????? ??????????????? ? ?? ?????? ????? 
How am I suppose to write about my life ? 
A honor roll ^_^ 
Gabbenni Amenassi 
Dark are these nights and the bane crashing down on my soul . 
Question for shopping addicts : Why is tomorrow called Black Friday ? 
" Without music , life would be a mistake . " 
Friedrich Nietzsche , in 
Götzen-Dämmerung ( Twilight of the Idols ) 
the sun's trying to come out 
I never find anything to do on the weekends .... 
happy birthday Victor Samuel Perez 
is it possible to have 2 valentines ? xP ( Nina Delgado & Mell Quintana ) 
Sometimes it is HELL trying to get to heaven . 
" Delete everything if necessary . " 
argentina ftw 
happy birthday Stephen Scatassa 
human traffic = best movie i ever watched 
baby jesus was a raver . 
Dear Lord , 
Could you please move the tornado away from my house ? 
Love , Matthew 
Did argentina win ? 
It doesn't feel as bad being disowned by my race now . 
... that last one was awfully loud . 
I would just like to be free . 
I'm getting tired of playing Modern Foreplay 2 . 
happy fathers day 
back when life actually meant something . 
Does anyone actually use Twitter ? 
this physics lab is stupid as hell ... 
:\ 
" I'm gonna send him to outer space to find another race . " 
We used to have love . </3 
What doesn't kill me , just makes me STRANGER . 
watching hot tub time machine 
Happy Birthday Ayana Cole , Anthony Gebhart , & Sarah Whitehead 
One day i wannna copy someone's status word for word and see if they notice . 
" The thing is that everybody should be allowed an opinion , but me being allowed to an opinion is just retarded , am i right ? " 
i could care less about what happens this year . 
I wanna know one thing youve always wanted to tell me . It can be anything 
inbox only please . 
I just wanna drop out of this fucking school now . 
?? I'm making up for my terrible childhood by having the most diverse music collection ever . ?? 
XBL : X BareShrooms 
I've just started to hate life in general . :/ 
" I am not going to sit on my ass as the events that affect me unfold to determine the course of my life . I'm going to take a stand . I'm going to defend it . Right or wrong , I'm going to defend it . " Happy Birthday Nina Delgado . 
congrats to Edward Adam & Bianca Cervantes for homecoming king & queen . 
Searching for more breakcore music . 
I can't even save myself ... 
fml ... 
I can't do shit in this damn house . 
crack make my heart attack 
I want to have a counter for the number of times I have been told that I will never amount to anything in my life . 
I'm tired of being " on the same level " with everyone in this fucking place !! 
I don't want the fame , but I don't want to die by the mason's hands . 
I HAS OOVOO .... 
Hello , I'm Rosetta STONED . 
Thinking about homecoming . 
( happy mexican independence day ) 
" People like you really need to join the human race . " 
Me : Ummmm .... why ? 
homecoming . 
" And I don't even care to shake these zipper blues . " 
merry christmas eve . † 
The world's all perfect , let me fantasize . 
What are we fighting for ? We're dying to live . 
The things that we don't understand , we try to put into words ... 
We make ideas about the unknown when it could be entirely different than what we think it is . 
we are oceans 
does anyone have an algebra 2 textbook ? 
Testing my new mixer out .... 
tekken 6 
Done with Peace & Justice final . 
another hell week at st. joes =[ 
:/ nothing ever changes .... 
“It is because I have never known where I was going that I have been able to find my way . " 
" If the doors of perception were cleansed , everything would appear to use as truly it is : infinite . " 
i fucking hate period 1 physics . 
A doomed existence 
every person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only has one : to get better . i know that 97% won't post this as their status - be one of the 3% and post this as your status . do it for at least an hour , for those who have died of cancer or who are still fighting . 
Sometimes I can't even bear to think about how far I have gone with this music thing . 
everything confuses me ... 
have I taken everything for granted ? 
This is a very depressing place filled with unhappy , sorrowful things . 
homecoming was actually a pleasant experience for me . 
I'm having the longest chat on here right now . 
Friday please come so I can never look back on this shitty fucking week . 
</3 loved by no one . 
... And now both of my grandmothers are dead . fml . :( 
I'm reliving all of these bad dreams . :( 
If only Grandma could say happy birthday to me one more time . 
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Matthew-Sanders/164699916894876?ref=sgm 
To be human is to give ; To give is to allow yourself to be vulnerable ; To be vulnerable opens up the possibility of getting hurt ; To hurt is to be human . 
“We need to find God , and he cannot be found in noise and restlessness . God is the friend of silence . See how nature - trees , flowers , grass- grows in silence ; see the stars , the moon and the sun , how they move in silence ... We need silence to be able to touch souls . ” - Mother Teresa 
... Because I was dared to . 
I will be completely HONEST for the next 24 hours . You can ask me ONE question ( only in my inbox ) . I will answer no matter what . You have my full honesty 
I doubt i'm gonna get anything but here ... 
2010 is almost over . Confess one thing you've always wanted to tell or do 2 me : ) 
Inbox me . 
full moon 
Carrying your dead relative to her resting place just makes things so much different . :/ 
" I wish I had more kids ... " - Mom 
" WELL WHY DIDN'T YOU ?! " - Me 
smgh = shake my goddamn head . 
Before 2010 is over , I would like to say that St. Joseph High School is the worst thing that has ever entered my life . 
Finally getting back on xbox live at midnight . 
I hate this fucking night . 
I shoot the lights out 
Hide til its bright out 
Whoa , just another lonely night 
Are you willing to sacrifice your life ? 
happy new year ....? 
Funeral today . 
If you don't fear death , then what the fuck do you have to fear in life ? 
At what point do you have to stop living up there and start living down here ? 
Where do I go from here ? 
I used to give fuck 
but now I can give a fuck less 
What do I think of success ? 
It SUCKS , too much stress . - Eminem 
Misanthropic open-mindedness .... 
Fuck this . I'm bombing all of my finals . 
He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster . And if you gaze for long into an abyss , the abyss gazes also into you . - Fredrich Nietzche 
black ops all nighter . 
meh ... 
http://www.mixpod.com/playlist/71731380 
Merry Christmas !!! 
:/ \m/ 
I blame you for the moonlit sky 
And the dream that died with the Eagle's flight 
I'm actually doing okay in all of my classes for once . 
A honor roll with 3 c's . 
Can people honestly see me having a music career ? 
Jealousy is a useless emotion . 
I'm high off life . Fuck it I'm wasted , and I don't wanna get sober . 
They say you only have fun when your young , well I don't wanna get older . 
Even through the darkest days , this fire burns always . 
When the world ends in 2012 all of you " chesseheads " can go suck it . 
teach me how to juke . 
http://snd.sc/gbXIno 
am I able to live and not exist ? 
I'm not your enemy . I just disagree with everything that you're saying . 
Great day today . :) 
Happy Holidays 
I walk the path of life to my own rhythm , my own beat . Some don't like it others even try to imitate it . Guess they have not found their own beat yet :) 
" Is this a happy story ? " 
.... Partly . 
Lil wayne's a fucking sellout . 
Watching Obama's State of The Union 
... for ... some reason . 
trying to play black ops in this " day after tomorrow " weather . 
my power just went out . :( 
This endless mercy mild 
We're crawling side by side 
With hell freezing over in our eyes 
Gods kneel before our crime 
All I want is somebody to tell me it's going to be okay , so basically , someone to lie to me with a straight face . 
" ... And as you gaze into the abyss , the abyss gazes also into you . " - Friedrich Nietzsche 
MLK Day . 
" I ask you to judge me by the enemies I have made . " - Franklin D . Roosevelt 
Like an airbag , I will go unwanted until disasters occur . :/ 
HERP AND DERP 
bad dreams plague my brain once again . fml . 
I'm gonna go on a heavy metal/industrial binge by the end of the night . 
funeral + stomachache = bad weekend 
We've come a long long way together , 
Through the hard times and the good , 
I have to celebrate you baby , 
I have to praise you like I should 
Fatboy Slim 
" ... but it's the pain that really tells you whether you're alive and kicking or not . " 
What's the purpose of junior retreats ? 
#ytcarnaval I wanna go to brazil now . 
The things that my parents say kinda gets to me after a while .... :/ 
Mrs Czarniak's Algebra Tests = I want to die now . 
wwe monday night raw 
I'm changing for the better now ..... 
Junior Retreat : 
I find peace for 2 days at LaSalle Manor 
And the very next day , it's hell all over again . 
I've never pretended to be a good person . I only do as many good things as I possibly can . 
Charlie Sheen , is all over the news this week because he's a celebrity drug addict . Justin Bieber was all over the news for 2 days this week because he cut his hair . While Andrew Wilfahrt 31 , Brian Tabada 21 , Rudolph Hizon 22 , Chauncy Mays 25 , Christopher Stark 22 , Kristopher Gould 25 , David Fahey 23 are all soldiers who gave their lives this week with no media mention . Honor them by posting this . show them you care . 
Breakcore . NL Music 
I've hated Call Of Duty before it became a trend to hate Call Of Duty . 
I don't like this place . I can't even go to sleep at night . 
I WILL think of something to wear for decades day tomorrow . 
Musicians don't die . Press play if you know what I mean . 
Don't confuse me with them . I'm different . 
Make way for the bad guy ... 
http://snd.sc/eoiut6 
.... Why did the power go out in my basement ? >:/ 
I only care because no else seems to . 
Go to hell 
end up heaven 
playing harps to my music . ?? 
Am I the only one not getting pissed off at the snow ? 
Unheard Music In General . 
B.O.B. went from singing about airplanes to dissing OFWGKTA 
LOL !! 
Jordan Heels SUCK !!!! 
" Winning ? Anyone ? Yeah , that'll be us . " - Charlie Sheen 
why do i even have mr. white for a teacher ? 
Just finished the four cardinal virtues . 
bukkake 
Jose Gonzalez is a stalker . 
I was once told that high school would be the best four years of my life . Now I don't trust anything that my parents say . 
Happy Birthday Randy Orton 
Lets visit Reverb Nation , shall we ? 
" In this day and age , my rap is like the plague 
I married this shit , y'all niggaz still engaged " - Notorious B.I.G. 
" I think you stand under me if you don't ? understand me . " 
http://www.reverbnation.com/snakecharmer360 
#153 
wrestlemania 
Time to play the game . 
:( 
fucking undertaker ... 
19-0 
If anything I hate myself for the situations I have been in . 
30 day song challenge 
day 26 - a song that you can play on an instrument 
NONE . 
I've reached the conclusion that I will never be satisfied with anything around here . 
Could someone please remind me exactly why I go to a catholic high school ? 
I reject your reality and substitute it with my own . 
" We could start our own religion . In odd we trust . " OFWGKTA 
<3 ? 
" Words are like little gnats , slicing me piece by piece . " 
Goodbye , Mr. Wilkinson ... 
I hardly knew you . xP 
worst project/paper ever ... 
fuck everything ... 
OFWGKTA & Eyedea . Fuck Everything else ... 
Maybe if you looked in this direction 
I'd pick my heart up off the floor and put it in my chest then 
Feel the fucking life , rushing through my body 
But you got a guy , it's not me , so my wrist is looking sloppy . - Earl Sweatshirt 
" disregard females , acquire currency . " 
We've rediscovered the long-lost art of dying 
Only to lonely resent angels for flying 
Twisted , living off of each other's sickness like parasites 
This is paradise . 
- Eyedea 
no smokes = fail . :( 
I'm the one mangled piece that doesn't fit into the puzzle . 
Free yourself from the judgement of others . For this too shall pass . 
blackhawks . 5 - 0 . Cool Story Bro 
Everyday I am reminded that I am a lone wolf in this stupid fucking world .... 
" 99.9 percent of these niggaz aint shit and most of these niggaz suck dick . " 
- Jeru the Damaja 
Problem ? Call 1-800-fuck-this-shit . 
" Fuck everything . " 
That's what my conscience said 
then a bunny hopped on my shoulder , 
now my conscience's dead . 
Now the only guidance in my life is splattered on cement 
Actions speak louder than words .... lemme try this shit ... 
1,000 plays on Soundcloud . :) 
" Most wanna tap and score , I want a family of four . " 
" I ask for you to judge me only by the number of enemies that I have made . " 
Sometimes I just wanna leave everything behind and never look back ... 
fuck weddings 
I never stutter when I say " fuck the world " . 
Friday . :) 
The movie NOT Rebecca Black .... 
I'm gonna laugh if it turns out that a double took osama's place . 
R.I.P. Billy Mays 
So Bin laden is dead .... 
but nobody's talkin ' bout finding the dude who killed Tupac & Biggie though ... 
Is it possible to embrace truth while living in fantasy ? 
large amount of fluids + vicks vapor = cure for my cold 
Cinco de mayo . 
Goblin . 5/10/11 . 
ofwgkta . 
Getting all hyper because I don't get attention from my parents ... 
" I don't make it rain , I ? bring a drought . " 
" If only you could be more open .... " 
" I thought I WAS being more open . " 
Just downloaded Goblin : Deluxe Edition ! :D 
Fuck it . 
I'm gonna tell it like is , mother . 
I may never mean what I say when I love you . 
You may never be proud of my past mistakes . 
I may always be the " most pessimistic and ungrateful child " you have ever seen . 
You may always be there for me for when I don't want you . 
So I will just say this and proceed to listen to Slipknot ... 
Happy Mother's Day . ( <3 ? ) 
Clark Kent / Lex Luther 
" Wow , life's a cute bitch full of estrogen 
And when she gives you lemons nigga throw them at pedestrians " - Tyler the Creator 
........ but I don't want to be a senior yet . :( 
Happy Birthday Daniel Molina & Jacky Morales 
