smeltzer and kozier . . hehe 
hmm . . you . . 
wanna go somewhere =) 
haaiizzzz .... 
walay lingaw ! 
ikaw . . you . . hahaizzzz 
peace . . of mind . . hahay . . . 
i'm going home ;) 
unsay buhaton sa grabe kadaghan nga holidays ? 
tagnaon naku . . nag case study mo noh ? hehehe 
nana moy case ? nkastart na mu ? :( 
im back =) 
ano ba dapat isipin ???? 
says I LOVE YOU ALL =) 
huhu :( 
something's missing in my life . . char lang 
moved on =) 
huhuhuhuuuhu 
istris . . . 
when you have so much to say yet you have to think before you spit it out ! i'm having a brain hemorrhage ! 
one semester to go =( =) 
i miss you like crazy . . nice ? 
is in a relationship . . char 
is very single . . hehe . . jaon gajuy very =) 
siargao escapade . . weeeeeeh 
happy . . happy . . naa ko nadiscover na coffee-bookshop !!!!!!! 
wala .. when there's so much i gotta be thinking of ! 
sleeeeeeepppppppppppp 
kamay sa nukbok !!! 
grabe . 22 days ako extension . kamu ? 
needs to be alone . . 
fed up ! 
happee .. ako extensions from 22 down to 5 . haha 
is confused ! 
since you've been gone i find it hard to go on . . i'm missing you . . and it's making me blue . . 
No storm can destroy my inmost calm . . 
i'm missin ' you . . . =( 
Maybe . . Individuality can be expressed in a gazillion of ways other than acting in a way that undermines others . 
is thinking of that man , who will love me , love loving me , and can tell the world about it =) =) 
Maybe . . Individuality can be expressed in a gazillion of ways other than acting in a way that undermines others . 
Someday you're gonna find the answers to all the things you've become and all they've done at your expense Someday it's gonna make sense ... 
1 ) I do not have a beautiful heart for mine is deeply scarred , with rough edges and holes , but every scar represents a person whom I have love , I tear out a piece of my heart and give it to them , and often they give me a piece of their heart which fits into the empty place I have ... 
is hurt . . but happy =) 
Ambivalence : ( noun ) A feeling when your happy and sad . Synonym : Graduation =( 
2 ) But because the pieces aren't exact , I have some rough edges which I cherish because they remind me of the love we shared . Sometimes I have given pieces of my heart away and the other person has not returned a piece of his heart to me . These are empty gouge ... 
Attention Section President . Kindly submit 10 group photos of different nursing activities involving your section . Pakisubmit sa monday . tnx 
All BSN 4 . urgent meeting tomorrow 8:30 am . Attendance a must 
Cynic . . dont even trust my own shadow ! 
i choose to be fine . . no matter what =) 
and the feeling that i'm falling further in love makes me shiver but in a good way =) 
Life should be focused less on self and more on others 
is thankful for God's blessings . He is just so good . 
' 17 ako ng mamatay , pero di ako nailibing ' . 
-bob ong ( abnkkbsnplako ?! )- 
Grabe kadaku sa aku narealize du .. =) 
I have learned to let my speech be better than silence otherwise i should be silent . =) 
I don't have serious worries not that life's perfect .. I just know that in these imperfections .. GOD intervenes . :) Keep faith burnin ' . Happy Sunday :) 
thieves don't find anything wrong with robbery except when it happens on them =) 
Spiritual will , conviction , FAITH .. 
happy =) 
a small deed with a pure intention is more noble than the grandest deed of a feigned heart .. 
is off for a 35-hour road trip !.. 
which would you prefer be alone but not lonely or be lonely but not alone ? 
Pahulam movies to watch beh ? rainy days make me a sofa spud .. 
forced to be a couch potato ;( 
I'm 
single . Not because there's no one to be with but because it's a choice 
i made , until all things conspire to bring me the man i deserve and who 
deserves me , and while things aren't in their rightful places yet , i 
intend to be single . what matters now is , IM A HAPPY SOUL =) 
It had been God's grace . Happy Graduation =) 
is naa sa net cafe nag-edit kay utro na pud for the nth time . labay lang fb . hehe 
is ganahan muhilak =( i miss you all already .. dont really wanna go =( 
Im being followed by a moonshadow =) 
I miss the rich culture of nursing i experienced during college days .. 
misses 
Iligan City , MSU-IIT , the people , the fun and everything .. Those were 
the days when life was difficult but happy =( miss ..... y'All ... 
" usually when people are sad , they don't do anything . They just cry over their condition . But when they get angry , they bring about change . " So i guess i've been angry .. But it was a good change and i love it =D 
People by their vry nature r owyz on d lookout 4 intruders , trying 2 prevent dos on d outsyd frm getting in , but dr wl owyz b dos hu force dr way n2 our lives , jz as dr r dos we invite in , bt the most troubling of all will be those hu stand on the outsyd looking in , the ones we never truly get to know . 
-desperate housewives- 
should or shouldn't i ? =( 
is trying to accept things she can't change =( 
I cant promise to be your friend forever .. kasi malay mo maging tayo in the future .. HahA ! 

( tapos na sab ka ani war ? hehe ) 
" And anytime you feel the pain , hey War , refrain . Dont carry the world upon your shoulder for well you know that it's a fool who plays it cool , by making his world a little colder . " Sabot kaw warren ? ako wla .. hehe 
Our actions will tell the world who we are , no amount of contemplation can ever change that , it's the good deeds plus the sincere intentions that count , not the idea of being one . =D 
never be afraid of standing out :) 
two is better than one ? :( 
i miss you :( 
Not all tears fall for sadness , a very few fall for joy . It happens not so often , but it just did . Wonderful life . Thanks to the ONE above =) 
I felt like losing myself then i got reminded of the moral of the five balls : FAITH , FAMILY , FRIENDS , SELF and WORK . Only work is rubber , all others are made of glass , so when you cant handle it all at once , you know what ball to drop =) 
Disappointed =( 
long and winding road to home =) 
is happy .. 
There 
are two versions of a story , ur truth and mine .. but no matter how we 
try to twist events to convince people to believe us , we can never fool 
ourselves , there is that ultimate truth that we cannot deny .. 
feeling eerie .. hate this .. gotta schzzzz for a long while ... 
i never run out of reason to be happy , even when i'm already sad =( 
chalz , hon , war , van , ky , kate , edz , loi , reunion ta nijo before ta bulag2 . i onli have til may 25 dinhi surigao . =D 
" I am happy " ( i have to be ) 
Pretense isn't my way of dealing with life , because denying facts do not change them . On moments of solitude i ask myself if im sincerely happy .. and after a while i owyz arrive at this . YES . I am happy =) 
Wherever I go I never fail to bring my own sunshine . Life is but a matter of mind set and attitude . A matter of perspective . =) 
Election is merely an event at which people vote and choose who holds government positions . For me it ends there , we cant expect these people to bring real changes in our lives , if we long for real change , start within thyself .. make a good difference in your every dealings .. Collectively , that truly will bring change . =D 
smile .. just smile =) 
For whose love can parallel that of God's ? Not your lover , neither your mother nor ur friends ... So when when u have to choose between embracing someone but turning ur back on HIM or be alone but keepin ' your faith .. you shouldn't even be thinking twice . God bless our hearts (: 
is 32k at 5'3 1/2 " .. what could be worse than that .. 
It aint enough that im not doing anything wrong , I actually should be doing things which are right .. * sigh * 
Grrr .. tapos na championship .. wala ku kita .. kang idol .. hehe .. 
is going abroad =D 
I can see clearly now the rain is gone , I can see all obstacles in my way . 
Gone are the dark clouds that act me blind , it's gonna be a bright , sunshiny day . 
Yes I can make it now the pain is gone , all of the bad feelings have disappeared , here is the rainbow I've been praying for , it's gonna be a bright , sun shiny day =D 
loves life =D 
euphoric ... 
When you're afraid , feeling lost and losing all faith , face the mirror and look at yourself through my eyes and you'll see just how wonderful a person you are . =) 
was only kidding about going abroad =D 
Why be alone ? when we can be together , you can make my life worthwhile I can make you start to smiiiiilllleeeee =D 
lies awake alone in a 
perfect black room , staring at the darkness , listening to the soft 
music playing in that empty space ... as consciousness drifts away .. far 
away .. and there's peace .. i found .. within .. a serene soul in the 
night ... nice dreams for tonight =) 
gained 5 kilos in 7 days .. Achievement ! 
is willing to listen . =D 
I cant change things as they are , but since I can always adjust my attitude towards things , I will never find myself hopeless in any situations .. that's positivity .. =D 
And I'll stand beside 
you through the years , You'll only cry those happy tears , and though I 
would make mistakes , I'll never break your heart .. 
you wake up one day ang your life's full of shit . what do you do ? clean it up . =) 
I fought for it .. till the last possible way .. i just didn't went beyond what GOD has willed .. Another answered prayer . Happyy .. 
is happy =) 
All the things I thought I knew , I'm learning them again =( 
will be out of the city soon .. 
Im afraid to love you , Im afraid to care , I hope you understand my heart cause it hurts when love fails .. ( char lang ) 
cry happy tears =D 
it's dissapointing when you see people and you feel regret .. regret you ever knew them .. =D 
Not a bad start .. had fun with you ma'am .. thanks for the sumptuous dinner =) 
Some people just make it difficult for you to stay calm , for they make it a task to annoy you .. kalisud magbinuotan when you are being provoked constantly !!! 
indeed men are from mars and women are from venus .. 
bzday and saturday .. 
Freedom is something everyone wants to have at some point in time , but then we cant remain free always .. cause one day being with someone is much better than freedom itself . 
... forbidden to remember , terrified to forget ... ( Why . Oh . Hue . ) 
is back on her feet and ready to face the world again =) Thnx God 
If I can only say ' yes ' without fear .. not that i'm not afraid of getting hurt .. I knw everything about it .. I'm just too scared .. to be the one hurting you .. that you might end up hating me .. and I might hate myself as well .. :(((((( 
Fun moments make good memories but silent ones are bridges to growth . We cant forever laugh at our worries because more often , they need to be solved =D 
is excited to leave and start anew =D 
i never thot i can be this happy here in surigao .. ill be back =) 
Why ? 
maintain some tensions in your life so not to get used with status quo .. love living life =D 
Our silence is becoming so loud .. 
is happy =) ahaha .. 
9 days ... =( 
when you're at the lowest point in your life , there is no other way but up .. UP UP and away .. Ahaha 
its one of those moments when im stuck , with an empty head , doing nothing when i should be doing a lot ! hate is the worst feeling ! 
Life's Good . 
I realized planning ahead also has its drawbacks .. major drawbacks .. no matter how you troubleshoot , something simply finds its way not to accord with ur plans .. like , there's nothing you can do about a storm .. hahaiz ..... 
I am happy but I can't point out reasons why I am .. I guess this is what true happiness is =D 
It's a Sunday .. a time to rekindle faith after a week of stress and strains .. God is so good , for a while I have considered each day as a struggle , now each day is a blessing =D 
Heidi Mendoza - " hindi lahat ng Pilipino ay corrupt . " 
Rabusa- One can always bounce back after he has fallen . 
and as if it ain't hell-hot in here yet , im thinking of taking a day off for a hot spring dip .. =) 
I'll see you all soon =) I love you you all .. miss you already =) 
things are finally falling into their rightful places =) 
is gaining weight and having a moonface =) 
You 
can laugh at your own mistakes but never with others specially when 
your being irresponsible is the reason why they committed those 
mistakes . YOU ARE JUST SO DISAPPOINTING ! YOu laughed almost the whole 
time he was talking . SHAME ON YOU . IT WAS ACTUALLY YOUR FAULT !! The time everyone's so busy preparing you were just there watching .. staring .. SHAME .. SHAME .. SHAME .. 
Teach me to trust in YOU with all of my heart , to lean NOT on my own understanding ... 
Aswith my earlier post my silingan advised me to delete it for reason thatsomeone might think I was throwing it against that person . I wasn't actually .. Pcnxa .. Pcnxa if naay naoffend .. God bless us =) 
I miss SEC & d hallways 2d classrooms where we used 2 rush , 2d faculty room where we used 2 queue for d so-many concerns we had , d NAL who witnessed how we became jittery 4 every demo's and oral revalidas we had 2 survive . Above all , I miss the good and d bad moments , d highs and d lows , d people who taught me about d " what is " and d " how to " in nsg and d MORALS in life . I miss everything there was . Miss y'All . =) 
In deed , when it rains , it pours ! kusuga sa ulan uie ! love it .. ( kokak ) 
LG . Life's Good :) 
Hon , Van , Ky , Kate , Loi , Chalz , War , Edz ... ayaw anay kamu pamanaw .. i'll be back next week .. kita anai kita niju !!! 
I used to be just a happy soul , now i've a stronger espirit . God strengthens .. a Happy Sunday afterall =) 
PWEDE MOHILAK ? =( 
Who stole the magic in me ? :) 
??? Ayyeeeeeee ...??? ( giggles ) 
yes i admire beauty .. but i prefer substance over form .. good thing he's got both .. =) 
I was right for believing someone like you still exists , and " someone like you " is just the reason why i never gave in .. meet you soon .. when im better =) 
guilty beyond reasonable =( 
nais kong pagmasdan ang madilim na kalangitang napapalamutian ng mga bituin .. habang nakalutang sa dagat .. at tinatangay ng banayad na alon ang aking katawan at ang aking kamalayan .. patungo sa dakong likha ng aking kaisipan .. kung saan walang hapis , at maging bagabag ay wala .. =) 
I love him , 
But when the night is over , 
He is gone , 
The river's just a river . 
Without him , 
The world around me changes . 
The trees are bare and everywhere 
The streets are full of strangers . 
I dont mind if my friends are few so long they're good , unlike you . haha . =) 
Sana noon ko pa kayo natutuhang mahalin . ( IMCI , CNH-COPAR , LMR ) Too late i guess . =( 
When you realize how difficult it is to change yourself , you also begin to realize what little chances you have of changing others . 
a part of me is sad .. dont know why =( 
afraid to love again cause it hurts when love fails .. ( kanta lang na wala mopalag ) 
There are two versions of a story , ur truth and mine .. but no matter how we try to twist events to convince people to believe us , we can never fool ourselves , there is that ultimate truth that we cannot deny .. 
Do not push me into a corner for u leave me no option but to push you back , and i'll make sure to push harder .. beware =) 
is looking forward for better days =D 
Heard of too good to be true ? kaya ayaw ko maging super-duper bait .. kasi mas gusto ko maging totoo . :)) tao ako , kaya bilang tao natutuwa , naiinis at nagagalit ako .. normal un .. at komportable ako maging totoong tao :) Ang mahalaga wala akong kaluluwang sinasadyang saktan masunod lang ang mga kapritso ko sa buhay . Sabi nga ni Einstein , hindi mali ang magalit , bsta't nasa tama naman . 
-impluwensiya ni Bob Ong- 
a funfilled day ... hope the event served its purpose .. ' til the next activity mga kapatid =) glad to meet you all =) 
kapy na sad baja .. =( tabang sab kamu .. kakapoy na gajud .. feels like quitting =( 
faith diminishes worries of the morrows .. 
Ate jacky , ate yvonne , aivy , gino , may , jinky , james , charles , kyra , laurice , SIR DON . i miss working with you =( 
when i think of college i remember work , work and work .. and i miss " working " so badly .. 
YES ! makatulog naku .. sleep deprived :( 
never take a step backward .. not even to gain momentum .. 
absence makes the heart grow fonder or absence makes the heart forget ? ( jem ) =) 
euphoric ... =) =) =) 
Faith : It's when you pray rain stops and you go out without umbrella (: 
Sometimes you have to release yourself to find yourself =D 
make your existence a blessing to the people around and not a vexation to their soul .. ( pls reflect ) 
Soft , familiar air blowin , im near the sky again .. Hilltop , SC . Im home , finally :) 
is thinking of a starry night .. 
Sidecar ka ba ? SINGLE kasi ako .. hahaha 
Home sweet home =) 
It's not easy to be me . 
The most interesting story of our lives are those we never tell anyone .. korek ? =) 
I grabbed the first chance to leave , now im longing so much to go back .. ( CHAR LANG ) 
when 
time isn't right we really dont need to commit ourselves to someone .. 
spending light moments with good friends is in itself satisfying =) 
Life definitely loves those who love it .. I'm loved .. =) 
NO work day . Movie day . :)))) 
a response to warren's video : If ever you're in my arms again i'll make sure you'll regret being in my arms again .. =) ( iskery ) 
Needs to be away . I love the place .. Only it's too crowded for you and me . :) 
Alone but not lonely =) 
Some things are better left unsaid . Schzzz . :) 
dismayed .. disappointed .. confused ... lost .. 
after that mock exam , i now understand what they mean when they say the bon hides the answers !!! tough ! tough ! tough ! 
ang world kay palaaway kaayu =( 
BUTONG ! ( aku una nakapost ! hehe ) 
=( 
If there is anything in my life that I know is right , it's being a member of Christ's church . 
noticeD the difference ? 
no matter how you try to keep your cool there will always be those who wud seep into ur nerves .. but then the good side of it is that they remind us to be cautious alwys .. =) 
allow urself to commit mistakes .. u r not perfect .. it's ok to feel bad . it's ok to hate someone for a little while ... u r not perfect .. dont be too hard on urself .. 
I fell in love with the same man three times =) twilight , new moon , eclipse .. 
Edward Cullen .. 
Courage doesn't always roar . Sometimes it's that little voice at the end of the day that says " Tomorrow i'll try again . " 
For a 
while you thought you're fine , and it felt real .. but behind that fine 
feeling is a flimsy wall , and as it stumbled , so did you .. lesson is 
lean on steady walls , stand on firmer grounds , it might be uncomrfotable 
at first but it gives lasting security .. 
I was listening to the song " On my Own " last nyt and fell in love with it , changed my stat and that was it =D .. there's no one actually . poor trip , i learned =D 
11 days .. =( 
what if EMO ko ? 
so AKO ka ? 
Kita na ? hehe ( pahulam war .. ) 
is BEEZEE ... 
A MAJOR CHANGE OF A MAJOR PLAN =( =( =( 
three down =( ( chalz , warren , honey ) bye guys .. 
IC now . 
SOmeone's gonna cry when they know theyve lost you and someone's gonna thank the star above 
. 
Spent the evening at the seaside , the breeze softly blowing , the waves rushing to the shore , the sky star-spangled , wit fam and other ministers fam all gathered , were talking and taking pics .. went home at past 1am .. a splendid moment for the soul .. at ease .. at peace .. happy =) 
you think its me ? 
You won't truly appreciate the beauty of a calm heart unless it gets provoke a little . 
Get mad a little and goes back to solitude again :) 
I'd like to end the year with a BIG thanks to ALMIGHTY for all the graces , love , lessons i've learned this year , and the people whose friendship I was sooo blessed to have experienced . And with all humility I ask forgiveness to those I have knowingly/unknowingly hurt because of the stubborn in me . Looking forward for a better year ahead . Keep faith burnin ' . Happy New Year :) 
if ur having a bad day , dont end it yet .. stretch it out for it can turn out to be good in the end .. @ 3am im glad to meet again a friend from yester years .. miss my crazy childhood =) 
One thing i like about me is the positivity .. NO one and nothing can bring my spirit down .. I thank GOD for the strength HE gives =) 
Bye SC Hello IC . 
I finished 0 of the 12 articles due today .. im finished =( 
If all the raindrops are chocodrops and gumdrops oh !, what a rain it would be . 
I'll stand outside with my mouth open wide . What a rain it would be ! :) 
Don't wound what you can't kill .. :) 
SURIGAO ! 
There's 
one feeling that could equal the feeling of being in love .. and its 
when you're not in love and you do not feel the need to be in love .. 
FANTASTIC =) 
" How does the rain falls ? In drops or in threads ? " :(((( 
My Girl and I 
is sad =( 
Friends are indeed silent angels . Thanks for painting smile on my face .. Little talks with you all and a prayer sets the day right . 
Yeah .. thinkers are doers ! u think because u are .. haha .. flimsy argument . it was a touche ! 
peaceful mind and heart ..... =) 
4 months post AP , pain at surgical site is feeling brand new again .. =( 
Ironies in life : 
When you think ur at ur highest ur also at ur weakest for anytime u can fall badly . 
When ur at the lowest ur also at ur strongest for its never easy climbing up that great height .. =) 
NO matter what stress and strain i go thru in a day , i owys end up wit a happy heart and a peaceful mind .. because good times make me feel glad , and bad times make me wiser and there's nothing in between . I still LOVE " tonight " .. Thanks everyone .. =) 
tsktsk . hindi na maganda to . araw-araw ka ng nasa panaginip ko :( < LOL ! > 
bye CC , hello IC ..... 
I'm single . Not because there's no one to be with but because it's a choice i made , until all things conspire to bring me the man i deserve and who deserves me , and while things aren't in their rightful places yet , i intend to be single . what matters now is , IM A HAPPY SOUL =) 
Tonyt i saw two weary souls .. and though i also feel the same , i made a decision not to succumb to it .. i have to be strong for the people i love and care for .. With ALMIGHTY above .. we'll get by ...... 
usahay ganahan ta mawala , pero ang tinuod kay ganahan ta makit-an * sighhhh * 
Take care that no one hates you " JUSTLY " . :)) 
~ Publilius Syrus 
its sad that we still have to hurt others or our own self before we realize our mistakes , before we get compelled to make a change .. but because we can no longer undo , i just hope i can start anew .. 
I am an Iglesia Ni Cristo member . =) Happy 96th Anniversary to all brethrens =) 
Criticisms cause dysphagia -- difficult to swallow . I've been recipient of soo many . My reflex is to scorn those who give it .. But at night I admit they make good points . So i decide to take it constructively .. cause from them .. I learn . :)) 
Reflect : 
A group of atheists & believers reside in a town . The atheists being persecutory create turmoil whenever d believers r on worship . Annoyed , d believers prayd 4 penitence of the enemies . In consequence , a fire consumed d atheists ' village . At rage , d atheists sued d believers 4 ground of inciting God 2 cause such . The believers however , denied n d court dt it ws their prayer dt lead to such . 
Its difficult to continue in life when what you have at present is just so fulfilling .. yet you know you must .. because eventually we have to move forward .. this point we're crossing are actually bridges to growth .. and hard as it may seem in the end we'll arrive wiser and better individuals .. life is dynamic =) 
I am hiring ARTICLE WRITERS ( par t-t ime/ full time ) 
All you need is a good english skill 
( at least able to construct sentence in english with correct grammar ) 
and an internet connection . 
Earn an average of P500/day . 
or If you can refer would-be writers ( outside my own list of prospects ) earn an extra 10$ for every writer who will be working for a month . 
If interested please PM me ;) 
thanks :) 
Bakit ganun , kapag sinabihan kang tanga , nagagalit ka . Pero kapag binasa mo ang libro ni bob ong , natatawa ka .. katangahan din naman natin ang ipinapakita . ginawa pang aklat :) < indeed a funny bunch of people > ^^ 
Today , I was given a hundred reasons to be sad , but i refused to give in .. Happiness is a choice .. and i choose it =) 
a guilty pleasure ... 
Being happy is not about being in a certain joyous situation but rather its about having the right set of attitudes whatever may come your way .. I am happy =) 
All my dreams are in your eyes .. 
I wanna be inside your heaven .. 
Take me to the place you cry from .. 
Where the storm blows your way .. 
I WANNA BE THE EARTH THAT HOLDS YOU .. 
Every bit of air you're breathin ' in .. 
A soothin ' wind .. 
I WANNA BE INSIDE YOUR HEAVEN .. 
tellin ' me self .. 
don't worry .. no need to hurry .. 
The family is sad of another man's demise . A tragic end for a man who lived a colorful life . Another victim of the world's vicious systems . In as much as we hate sins , we spare the sinners and we still hope for all ... a noble end . And while his death have obscured some truth , it also has enlightened us of far more crucial realities in life ... 
A thought to end my night : 
Do not take revenge , my friends , but leave room for God's wrath , for it is written : " It is mine to avenge ; I will repay , " says the Lord . On the contrary : " If your enemy is hungry , feed him ; if he is thirsty , give him something to drink . In doing this , you will heap burning coals on his head . " Do not be overcome by evil , but overcome evil with good . 
Romans 12:19 -21 
You can only throw me pebbles , i can throw you rocks and boulders . BE WARE . =) 
Ive learned that a heavy heart does not always mean a troubled soul .. Human as i am , its inevitable to feel bad , sad , mad .. but with FAITH and HOPE , it becomes easy to survive .. I have always managed to get by .. and i do it with a smile .. 
I am a happy soul :) 
Ang hilig niyo naman gumawa ng issue . Yang grupo niyo , grupo ng mga chismosa . Ang mga bibig wag gamitin sa chismisan , alm niyo kung san dapat ginagamit yan =) mapapahiya kayo ngayon kasi malalaman nio di totoo . siguraduhin muna ha bago ipasgsabi ? ang magreact guilty kaya ingat =) 
I miss Sundays =( 
It happens when people get too close , they begin to disrespect each other .. 
and when there's too much familiarity already .. maybe its good to begin rebuilding the gap ... 
Wolf in a sheep's coat . 
You've been single for quite a while not because you're unattractive , difficult , nor you dont get lucky in love . You only know too much about relationships and you haven't found the one who'd give it a new and wonderful meaning =D 
2011- Magpalayo sa mga tao , panghitabo nga makadaot sa kahapsay , kalinaw sa kasingkasing ug hunahuna . (: 
sometimes the best gift you can give to someone is the gift of not seeing each other again . =D 
And if i promise not to feel the pain .. will i see you again ??? 
I'd like to drown myself in tears that it may wash away all these disappointments inside . 
A beautiful life does not happen overnight . It is built daily by prayer , 
humility , sacrifice , and love ... the kind of life I am working out to 
achieve ..? 
NO matter where you go , what you do , who you meet , how happy you are feeling at the moment , you will still long to be with the person you LOVE MOST ... your MOTHER =( 
Wanna know what woman really wants ?? Conversation and chocolates =D 
21 days to go .. make it or make it ... breaking is not an option ! :)))) 
We sometimes think we want to disappear , but all we really want is to be FOUND .. 
Resocialization : refers to the process of discarding former behavior patterns and accepting new ones as part of a transition in one's life . 
-it happens when you age .. good changes must occur ..... :))) 
Generally , women like men who are silent . We think they're listening . =D 
It never fails to amaze me , thou it happens everyday , that whenever I begin to pray , loads become lighter than they seem .. FAith renewed . HAppee Sunday =) 
:) 
I pray it'd rain today =( 
Remind me LORD that nothing will ever happen that YOU and I can't handle together . =) 
Winks and giggles ;) ;) ;) 
I like it when you ask someone what to post on ur wall :)) 
That was the most difficult exam i've ever taken ! 
sometimes the best give you can give to someone is the gift of not seeing each other again =D 
" Lifelong I've lived the life of another . Just for one moment let me live as I am . Give me some sunshine , give me some rain , give me another chance I wanna grow up once again . " 
-three idiots- 
May kinamuhian ka na ba sa buhay mo ? naitanong mo ba sa sarili mo kung bakit muhing-muhi ka ? Baka dahil sa inggit .. kasi gutsong-gusto mong gawin ang ginagawa niya pero di mo kaya samantalang siya nagagawa niya . haha . saon .. 
napa-isip tuloy ako :) 
OK ra tu khat =) 
Kung dili sala ang mupatay , pila na lang ang buhi ?? ^^ 
Smiling =) 
Some things are made sooo difficult , in that way , if we survive , we know it's not because of us , nor our own understanding but because of HIM , HIS grace and HIS mercy . =) 
Career muna bago FB :( bye fb .. 
Di bale malungkot , masaya naman =) 
CAving and island-hopping :)) pawala sa boredom !! :)) tsanaaaa ! 
And on the 6th day , the sun finally went out . ^_^ 
ganahan magbuhat ug decorative gel candles :) 
Bakit ganun ? ang dali-dali ng tanong , pero ang hirap ng mga sagot ??? =( ( Thanks God mock lang tu ) 
and i just cant help but smile =) 
What have I asked from HIM that was not given ? NONE . For when HE breathed life into me , HE already gave me everything . Life made it possible for me to have everything that I need , everything that I want . It's for me to make worthy of claiming them . Happy Sunday sa lahat . :) 
True love isn't like chasin ' butterflies .. Just standby , and in your solitude butterflies will drop by :) 
(????•?) / ???? • ? \ 
/ ? \ ? / ? \ HUwag mo ko itutulak , baka isama kita , mahulog tayo sa isa't-isa . ayeeee . :) 
Sorry if the weather's rainy , cause the sunshine's in my heart =) 
SACRIFICE is saying NO to something which is YES .. A " NO " to something that's rili " NO " is a good decision . And a " YES " to something that's " NO " is .... ( no comment :)) 
A friendly reminder .. Don't start something which ur not rili into :)) 
If you feel like no one cares , SMILE . You are being taught INDEPENDENCE . :) 
Spell TIRED ...... ( em eee ) ..... M . E . ;( 
9 mos baby can read ! Oh .. my .. wanna have 1 to train .. lol . 
" Minsan pala kailangan rin ang lakas para sabihing mahina ka ... 
Isa lang ang hiniling ko sa kanila : ang karapatan kong madapa at bumangon sa buhay nang walang tatawa , magagalit , magtatanong , o magbibilang kung ilang beses na ' kong nagkamali at ilang ulit ako dapat bumawi . " :( 
-abnkkbsnplako ?! - ( must-read book ) 
I got my happy ending :) GINO-JULLIENE ---- PERFECT MATCH !! 
Smiling at the thought of ...... ^____^ 
Where are you ?? ^^ 
( Early morning worship + Good food 4 lunch + super fun beach games ) with all ministers and families = MOments i'd remember all my life ... 
Today I build a commitment to make good use of my faculties . 
.. of my eyes to see the wonderful side of the people I meet . 
.. of my ears to listen to the elders ' counsel . 
.. of my mouth when I speak to & of people and when I utter my prayers . 
.. of my heart in loving the right person . 
.. of my hands in working for my dreams . 
.. of my feet where I walk to venture life . 
.. all to be a worthy member of His Church . 
Happy Sunday 
End your night with a pray rather than concoct crimes against people you hate :))) 
To every person we closely encounter , we see their good and their bad . The best way to deal I guess is to be influenced by the good and learn from the bad . :))) 
( I'm slowly learning the art of pakikitungo ) 
Funny things revealed : 
Clients determine what 2 write about by tallying d most-searched items on different search engines & designate tasks 2 writers . Feb 12 , i was given the niche ' how to seduce women ' & ' how to get your ex back ' . 
conclusions : 
1 ) More men want 2 seduce women ( super lol ) 
2 ) millions want 2 get there ex back ! ( more lol ) 
topics came out days b4 ' hearts day ' . hahaha 
hope 2 write smthng good about ds :) 
If you are to post something sad , put a :) ( smiley ) in the end . It helps counter the negative feelings and ur brain tends to be convinced it's a happy thot after all . Example : 
Why can't it be the two of us .. :) 
In a drowning person's desperate way to stay afloat , he kicks harder .. and harder .. Only to find himself all the more submerging by doing this . The key is not to kick aimlessly but to flutter gently ... Just rightly .. :))) 
When I was a lil girl , I only listen to stories of " happy-ever-after " . When I turned into a lady , I begun to write the love story I want for my self . Now that I'm a woman , and a real grown up , I am waiting for that story to happen . Only that it's no longer my own , but that of God's wonderful story .... written just for me . :)) 
Ive owyz been a hater .. of INSENSITIVE , SELFISH , MANIPULATIVE , LIARS . 
No one ever gets to be truly happy when innocent feelings are compromised to attain that happiness .. that I believe .. and as we've been taught , we reap what we sow . Good luck :)))) < just an advocacy > :))) 
I LOVE BOB ONG . His books are must-read para sa mga pinoy :) 
gwapuha sa mga sayunaminyu uie .. ( J . & P . Younghusband ) :) 
Off to ella peral , talavera , etc . Be back on sunday ;) 
2 years . That's how long I prayed for this . To GOD be the glory . 
Thanks po sa lahat ng ngPM . wasn't able to reply cause there's too many . 
NLE result does not define our character . Failing does not mean you're less , and passing neither means you are superb . If you fail and quit , you are weak ; if you pass and brag , you're worse . The result , pass or fail is a good reason for us to continue .. 
To : DEC 2010 NLE SEC passers 
Recognition program will be on March 4 , 2010 
Pls PM me if you are attending so i can get the number . 
Please attend kita nijo , it's a good time to reunite . 
Kindly pass the msg . :) 
PM me pls . 
There are no perfect parents in this world , but the fact that someday i'd like to be with someone with a character similar to my father , and i wanna be the kind of mother and wife like my mom , is enough proof that mine have been great and wonderful nurturers . A tribute to my parents :) RN na ila anak tungod nila .. hurray ! :) 
To ALL students of batch Les Fideles , ( as in ALL ) you are invited for a proposed community outreach this coming March 2 , 2010 at Brgy . Day-asan , sponsored by our batch- Les Fideles . NO fees , contribution , etc . We only need your presence . Please pm Ms. Yvonne Jurcales if you are attending . Meeting for this activity will be on Monday , 2pm at SEC ( 4th floor ) . Please pass . Thanks :) 
http://mattscradle.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/NURScebu1210reg-Cebu-Passers.pdf 
Im at a point when happiness is no longer a state of mind .. but a state of Life ;))))) 
Think well . By not joining the ceremony you save a hundred and fifty , but gracing it with your presence , you experience another nursing tradition that is to become a legacy . It is not everyday that we get to gather and celebrate for God's blessings , and it is not everyday that we get a good chance to share them . We hope you change your mind . See you on Friday and Saturday . God bless our heart and mind :) 
I can gracefully take No for an answer . Let God's will be done :)))))) 
" Volunteerism is not an option , it's an OBLIGATION . :) 
Thanks to all who responded to the call of service to the community people ; 
2010 Batch Les Fideles , SEC BSN IV students , and SEC Clinical Instructors : 
Ma'am Jecel Eupenia , Sir Don Ramos , Ma'am Emz Conjurado . :)) 
Fulfillment . It's not having everything you love , but loving everything you have . :)) 
awake for 51 hours , 16 mins , 30 secs and on :( HELP ! 
People oppose the strong and the assertive , but embrace the weak and the oppressed . This irony leads me to sometimes pretend that im NOT ok , act like im sad and desolated , and even deny that I have a wonderful life .. all to be accepted .. :( 
A confused S.O. of a patient in a ward asks a woman in white suit auscultating the patient's breath sounds : 
S . O : NArs , Nars , Doktor ka nars ? :) 
While my experience during a home visit to a psych patient's S.O in Cebu . 
S . O : Unya doc maulian pa nang iya kahimtang ? 
Me : Ma'am , student nurse kami ma'am . 
S . O : aw nars d i mu doc . :) 
[ S . Os can relieve stress :)] 
@SIARGAO .. :) 
PRAY . 
Tourists turned evacuees = extraordinary exciting experience . TSUNAMI SCARE !!! :)) 
Trust in the LORD with all your heart . Never rely on what you think you know . Remember the Lord in everything you do , and HE will show you the right way . Never let yourself think that you are wiser than you are ; simply obey the LORD and refuse to do wrong . Prov . 3:5 -7 ) 
If you're married , act ' married ' . 
If you're taken , act ' taken ' . 
( please lang .. no more flirting .. you can't have it all .. ) 
If you're single .. aw syempre .. bibo eh .. hehe :) 
[ no offense meant , just something to ponder on :)] 
?? I'll be the greatest fan of your life :)) ?? 
" If you make the LORD your refuge , if you make the Most High your shelter , no evil will conquer you ; no plague will come near your home . For HE will order HIS angels to protect you wherever you go . They will hold you up with their hands so you won’t even hurt your foot on a stone . " Psalm 91:9 -12 
Thursday worship's last passage .. Very inspiring . I dont just believe , I have FAITH . :) 
When life is getting too easy , start looking for a greater responsibility .. that way you would have another reason to keep moving and become better .. that His wonders may again work in your life . :)) 
Khaterine Reyes -- lihuk na para tabangan naka NIYA :)) 
im sleepy but i wont . there's too much to do .. like watch movies ? :) anaweiz .. ul spend forever sleeping when ur dead ( ingun ni Gerlie Gayo ) .. 
127 hours . morals from the movie . 
1 . if you are to do somethng risky mgdala ug anesthesia and syringe . HAMUKA . 
ul never go when ur gonna nid to do self arm amputation . agaaaaaaay ! 
2 . magsulti kung asa maglaag . di jud maayu ng secretive ra kaayu :)) 
Out to start anew . :)) God bless me . :)) 
it's getting tough .. and im liking it :) 
ganahan muhilak tapos mukatawa , muhilak nasad tapos katawa na pud :))) 
lie harder .. just to get through .. 
Omar Hassan Aguinaldo Karim : SUper thanks for reconnecting wit us . :( 
( wala paku kamove on ) kok :) 
HAppy birthday 2d man hu saw me thru ol d years , hu taught me ryt frm wrong . N d silence of my heart I revere u 4 ol dt u r , 4 d lessons n lyf instilled n me , 4 d path u carried d family , 4 leading me 2 FAITH . @ tyms I jst cudnt undrstnd ur morals , bt @ d end , ALWAYS -- Ur ryt abt d thngs u bn tellin me & hd I listend , I wdnt hv gotten hurt . Ur jst great as a father , as a minister . Thnks 4 ol & 4 d share of gud genes :) 
' We all get 24 hours everyday regardless of our age or our job . One of the big differences in people is that some people get the most out of their 24 hours while others waste huge chunks of it and then they wonder why they're so far behind . ' 
I hope you dont mind , if i put down in words .. how wonderful life is now you're in my world :) 
The next time im entering OR is when im an OR nurse .. so effing LUQ pain go away , not another op .. scornful unhealthy habits . :( 
How wonderful life is now you ( Rowena Villamor Buenafe , Mayang FaZaway , Happy Rasuman , Lhez Abdulatip , Faye Pacete , Omar Hassan Aguinaldo Karim , Bonex Valderama , Ashraf Magumpara Mantoyan , Randell Salazar , Ricky Zamoras , I's Rodriguez , Ching Gnihc , kristine bibera ) are all back in my world . :) 
mupalit ug tuko , kanang daku . kung naa mo , itext ko . hehehehehe ( seryuso ) 
nagita ug sabon sulod sa ref . sx of sleep deprivation ? 
Im never boastful , pero ngayon lang .. gusto ko ipagyabang na ang saya ko ulit dahil sa inyo :))) BarKADA 2000 . 
8 in 1 coffee x 2 cups + 20 articles in < 24 hours = 900 + eyebags + heaves . :)) 
We ol seem 2 knw well hw others shud b livin dr lyvs , yt vry little attention do we gv n knwng wat a mess our existence s bcming . We throw 2 much guilt & tyk vry little of 8 . We onli see our heartaches & troubles & do not consider odrs may hv more pain . It's owyz bn d human tendency 2 b judgmental , self-centered , biased & 8 tyks a great deal of maturity , 2 make u feel & think less 4 yourself , 2 share more of it 2 odrs . 
The tears your eyes refuse to shed deposit and form a stone in thy heart .. Yes . it's stronger .. and its numb .. 
you'll get by .. with a smile . :) 
decongest fb . bye2 strangers . twas nice being not-rili friends with you . :) 
Only when you stop building defenses that wisdom and learning can set in . Lessons learned . Happy Sunday :) 
Earthquake . 
another quake . 
Not dead .. just lifeless .. :) 
Men : " I'm tired of girls complaining that there's no good guys left ... hello .. we are where you left us , IN THE FRIEND ZONE . " tama :) 
From GWYTK : 
' that every time you pretend to love , you impoverish yourself more and more . Love has great potential to enrich your life . But if you are just playing a role , pretending to love , it's only going to poison you . Because you are teaching yourself that it's just a game , and slowly but surely you will lose the capacity to open in love . ' 
masol peyn . 
' Forces beyond your control can take away everything you possess except one thing , your freedom to choose how you will respond to the situation . You cannot control what happens to you in life , but you can always control what you will feel and do about what happens to you . ' 
Viktor Frankl 
my thoughts put into the right words . 
Listening 2 d more boisterous callings of life will probably lead u 2 b ' Freudian ' ; where life is all about pursuit 4 pleasure , or b Adler's advocate & believe dt life is about gaining power & equality , if not high esteem . But a deeper & more mature understanding of what life is all about will probably lead us 2 d pursuit 4 d meaning of life ( frankl ) which led me 2 seek what is mine .. and thankfully , half is found . 
' Na margem do rio Piedra eu sentei e chorei- By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept ' . 
Thanks Iyelet Lou Llamera .. im enjoying it :) 
I dont ( want to ) believe in destiny for I hate the idea that I am not in control with my life . But it asks not for my opinion that whether I believe or not , it happens .. ANd mockingly it happened on me .. oh . so . painfully :( 
LOST . I dont need a map . I need answers .... 
And so it's wrong to say that love , fame , beauty , and career are requirements for ' happiness ' because ' happiness ' is not a state that we must achieve . Rather , for whatever reasons ; be it great or small that make you smile and laugh each day , that is in itself happiness .. Do not complicate . 
Comfort zone is not really comforting at all times . I NEEEEED to get out of it NOW !! :) 
" Today I will be master of my emotions . " Yes ! I will be :)))))))) 
-The Greatest Salesman in the World- 
Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , victim of an open gunfire ( kills 6 , wounds 14 ) is slwly rcovering frm a serious brain injury ( ryt-sided paralysis , speech difficulties ) frm dt inCdent 15 wks ago . Mark Kelly- husband , her primary source of love & strength s a NASA astronaut bound 2 space comes Friday 2 command a space shuttle 4 d 2nd time . She longs 2 witness d take-off . A real leaving-on-a-jetplane-i-hate-2-go scenario . :( 
•If I feel depressed , I will sing . 
• If I feel sad , I will laugh . 
• If I feel ill , I will double my labor . 
• If I feel fear , I will plunge ahead . 
• If I feel inferior , I will wear new garments . 
• If I feel uncertain , I will raise my voice . 
• If I feel poverty , I will think of wealth to come . 
• If I feel incompetent , I will remember past success . 
• If I feel insignificant , I will remember my goals . 
-og mandino- 
?? When everything's made to be broken , 
I just want you to know who I am . ?? 
Kapag nahuli mo ang crush mo na nakatingin sayo , yun ay dahil alam niyang crush mo siya .. un lang !! wag ka nang mag-isip ng kung anu pa !!! hahahaha ( self talk ) :)) 
?? I know I stand in line 
Until you think you have the time 
To spend an evening with me ... 
And then I go and spoil it all 
By saying something stupid like " I love you " ?? 
Now I know why some people choose to shout ' hell ' on your face . Its because shouting your anger is easier than feeling the pain . 
What did Prince Harry whisper to Prince William after he looked at Kate as she strolled down the aisle ?? 
When she walks and wind blows softly , butterflies follow and sun shines bright(ly ) , that's her gift , she casts her own magic . Don't hate her cause she's pretty , hate yerself cause yer envy . :) 
( to friends huz received too much intrigues for being a beauty ) Vanessa Dianne Kip Pecho , Honey Tadifa , Kyra Czarelle Alberto , Kate Camingue . Miss yah :) 
?? I wish I can carry your smile in my heart 
For times when my life seems so low . ?? 
Pwede ba TAYO na ? kakapagod na kasi ang naka-upo ;) 
PRAYING FOR ........ 
• Noon pa may IKAW na ang tumutulong sa akin . 
• Alalahanin mo ang SIYA habang ikaw ay bata pa . 
• Ang aliping kinaluluguran NIYA'y pinagkakalooban ng karunungan , kaalaman at kasiyahan . 
Inspiring Sunday lessons . 
unsai naa kang justin b ? 
DOuble peace ? hehehehe 
hope against hope . 
' Are you okay ? ' I'm acting like I'm okay . Please don't interrupt my performance . 
( hahaha , idewl . ) 
Hoping for .. 
My lifetime friends .. :( 
To do the things you love ( write , teach , learn ) is a pleasure and be paid for doing so is a blessing and a bonus .. :) 
6PM daw unya . :))) 
I ? true ?..... 
Your version of truth is very disappointing .. 
?? And she only reveals what she wants you to see 
She hides like a child , 
But she's always a woman to me ?? 
Asa naai namaligya og ' inspiration' ? ky mupalit ko . :) 
Just today .. allow me to be weak , so tomorrow i can be strong again . :) 
Metro Manila Central .. Champion :) 
Today i've learned that some of the best things in life are contributions of people with the most troubled soul .. 
To care or not to care ? It's supposed to be a spontaneous feeling yet I find myself deciding .. cold . blooded me ? :( 
Where people will always have something to say against you whether it's good or bad you do , then your orientation to goal should supersede orientation to people . ' Ends justify the means ' can be true .. Let there be chaos if need be to restore harmony . These people who do so much talking are simply slow in coming to terms with this reality . :) 
It's ok to doubt . It means your thinking . :) 
Allow no one to make you feel bad about who you are . You know your heart . :) 
Ineffable . When someone tries to make you feel bad about who you are but you end up feeling good . :) 
Watching The Biggest Loser always gets me teary . From start to end . Haha . ( ?? ) 
Rise and rise again until lambs become lions . 
.. but we have to die several times in this life , in order to understand it . 
“To die” , in this sense , is to get rid of the old values , and to move for a place that we don’t know , that we don’t feel secure , but at least that give us joy . 
-Paulo Coelho- 
‘Even if you are very strong , never be ashamed to feign weakness ; this will make your enemy act imprudently and attack too soon . ’ 
-repost from Paulo C . blog - 
yeah . feign weakness when needed . let em think yer weak . it can work on your advantage :) 
‘Know your enemy and know yourself and you can fight a hundred battles without disaster . ' 
-this is why i wasn't hurt .. attempting to hurt me you hurt yourself instead .. 
The start of things beautiful . 
I'm just waiting for that amazing day .. when EMINEM gets pissed .. and insults JUSTIN BIEBER lyrically on one of his songs . 
from quotes portal :) 
Thank you Khat Conde , April Rose Inahid Ortiz , Jan Tui , kevin ricafort , jenelito guartz . Had a wonderful evening . More to come .. start of things wonderful . :) 
It's not only traversing distance , but the passing of time also makes you closer to where you wanna be . :D 
.. misses the feeling of being scared .. 
I miss IC soooooo badly- wants to go back to where I left a huuuuuge part of me :( 
Love doesn't limit itself to relationships . It is a celebration of life . 
-REpost from Paulo Coelho's blog . Don't ask me about bein loveless because I'M NOT :D 
:( 
I love the look of TRUE LOVE in people's eyes . I saw it tonight .. 
And I celebrate with you . AYee . :D 
To all my FB friends , in honor of Father's Day ( June 19 , 2011 ) I'm trying to see how many of you are willing to change your profile picture to a picture of your father and keep it there till June 19 . If you will and like this idea , please repost this as your status so everyone gets the word and see how many great fathers we can get on FB !!! Happy Fathers Day Papa Rod . :D 
Zanji Han : You weren't alone . Nagtan aw man pud ko . and we're just neighbors . hehe . 
Tonyt's lunar eclipse myd me travel back n tym . I was n 3rd grade wen my mom woke us up 2 witness a meteor shower . I've nvr seen so mny stars falling , no less than a dozen-1 , 2 , 3 at once . There begun my adoration 4 d night sky . And the eclipse , I've never seen d moon as wondrous as tonight . I've watched d light gt sliced 2 d thinnest , only 2 become fiery red bright . MOre than lovely . Watching it was spiritual .??? 
I realized that life is not about the struggle to win all battles , but to fight the right ones . You can win it all but regret in the end when you realize that some of which you have ( seemingly ) successfully fought for , you would have been better to just have lost it . 
' If I am to do this ( marry another man & not Rizal ) then I am not to live long . ' 
Two years after the marriage ... she died . 
It's a beautiful night , we're looking for something dumb to do . 
Hey baby , I think I wanna ... 
' Beauty is skin deep , fashion even shallower . ' 
Sometimes , no word is right enough to convey what one really feels . And the word for that is ' ineffable ' :( 
There are crucial things we hear now yet learn tomorrow . Probably it's because of what they say ' experience is the best teacher ' . But if we only use our ' feel ' for everything we see and hear , we'd learn the lessons straight away . 
This is something only the wisest men can do . 
thinking of giving love another shot . Trusting fully , losing into it , falling completely .. But THINKING makes it null .. plainly imaginary .. as THEY say , love is spontaneous .. something you feel .. not something you decide on . :D 
?? I wonder what GOD was thinking , when HE created you . I wonder if HE knew everything that I need because HE made all my dreams come true . When GOD made you , HE must have been thinking about me . ?? - nakikikilig sa lovelyf ng sister ko :D 
:D 
If you can not toss a person up , the least you can do is not to pull him down !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
An idle mind has more room for evil thoughts ! mao na . mgbawas ug kamaldita :D 
Seek first to understand then to be understood . 
There's one thing I sooooo like about me .. no matter how screwed things seem to be .. I'm never hopeless .. plus I know I can always do something with what comes my way .. :D 
What is so difficult to understand about ' smoking is dangerous to your health ' that you can't get a good grasp of it ? 
' Be great in act , as you are in thought . ' 
Jean Paul 
I-add siya dili ? I-add siya dili ? I-add siya dili ? DILI :) 
" It seemed to Bridget when she thought of it later that there had been two systems operating in her mind through that long day and that they had never matched up , like two wildly spinning gears not quite close enough to fit together . " 
Sisterhood Everlasting 
" Great friends know you're a bit cracked but won't consider you a bad egg . " Nice talk Kate , Kyra , Mark .. til we get another chance off life's hecticzzz . :) 
" We are too busy growing up , not realizing our parents are growing old . " 
Cold , rainy days .. remind me of him . I'm missing Edward Cullen . :( 
I hate it when you get close to someone and they begin to feel it's okay to be disrespectful . Values pls . especially with the younger ones . 
Taming the tiger in me . Rawwrr . :) 
MAke me walk along the path of YOUR commands for that is where my happiness is found . Psalm 119:35 
Truly . 
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY 97th anniversary po sa lahat ng mga kapatid ^____^ . 
Missing someone .. I just don't know who .. (??) 
The inspiring message to Min's fam , good friends , the songs , the talks , the wind and the look of the city lights from up here .. I love tonight . :) 
Is it possible to miss someone you haven't even met ? Because I think I do .. strange .. (??) 
' It begins when d object of ur affection bestows upon u a heady hallucinogen dose of something uv never even dared t admit u wantd , an emotional speedball of thunderous love & excitement . Soon u start craving dt attention w/ d hungry obsession of any junkie . When it's withheld , u turn sick , crazy , not t mention resentful of d dealer who encouraged ds addiction n d first place but now refuses t pony up d good stuff . ' 
: But I still love you 
# So love me .. 
: But I miss you .. 
# So miss me .. Send me Love and Light whenever you think of me .. THEN DROP IT . 
It won't last forever .. Nothing lasts forever .. 
Eat , Pray , Love . 
..... 
KINSE .. ANC's 15 human rights short films are MUST WATCH .. Galing-galing .. Faves were ABSENT .. INTOLERANCE .. BANGIN and all the rest .. :) 
Huwag mo akong turuang magalit sayo .. baka matuto ako .. ( istikoi ) 
It's National Book Week . The rules : Grab the closest book to you . Go to page 56 . Copy the 5th sentence as your status . Don't mention the book . 
" With her cheek resting just under my shoulder , I felt her words vibrating through my chest , spreading through me like a shot of whiskey . " 
Wanted .. ENFP :D 
What makes you sad , troubled and worried ?...... 
But what keeps you going amidst it all ? 
FAITH . It's the certainty that you will reap the reward even without seeing it yet . Until when do we keep our faith ? Even when the fields no longer produce , I will keep the faith . 
How do we show our faith ? By obeying God's words .. 
- Bro . Radel Cortes officiates SC Sunday morning worship .. tearful , blessed & inspired .. - 
My apology to those who received invites for video chat . I did not send any invites for video chat or whatever . FB's becoming really annoying !!!!!!! dghan na kaayu g-ask sa aku why im inviting them for video chat . :( wla jud tawon ko ana . 
tabang . I need to control my temper :))) 
3 ) Giving love is like like taking a chance , thou it's painful but it reminds me of the love I have for this people and I hope someday they may return and fill the space I have waiting . Sometimes it hurts but that is WHEN LIFE COUNTS :) ( adaptation ) 
