yup , N o-o ne cares about my feelings 
limiting my contact with everyone & I DON'T CARE 
Outside . Fine . Inside ? ........ 
I remember the Darkness of my past . These memorys I wish I didn't have . I Let go . Never looked back . Never moving forward so there can't be a past . 
8th March-my B-day . I'm wanting who ever is availbe . To come .... Anyway I'll be at the queens hotel/rail way from 10am-12pm so it should just last till 5pm so yeah . 
Tomorrow ...... jumping off brigdes 
( 8 ) tell me would you kill to save your life ? tell me would you kill to prove your right ? crash , crash , crash , burn . Let it all burn . This hurricane pushing us all on to cry ( 8 ) 
( 8 ) Do you really want , Do you really want me ? Do you really want me dead or alive to torture for my sins . Do you really want , Do you really want me dead or alive to live a lie ! ( 8 ) 
No idea what to do for my 18th =/ 
right just spending some time walking around town for my 18th . anyone wanna tag along . i Don't mind who . just ask . 
Nope not doing anything for my 18th . can't be Fucked really . 
Okay , decided . 8th march , i'm walking around town from 12 to 3pm then back home . If you wanna just walk around with me , i'm at the Corn Exchange at 12 for a while . If you don't know where that is . Pick either Park Lane College or The bus center . 
I just thought , that story about the couple on the motorbike and the brakes not working .... why didn't the guy just use his head ... AND LET GO OFF THE ACCELERATION ! 
Batman = Grown man running around in leather with a young boy ... 
Superman = Wears his pants on the outside .... 
Flash = On Speed ... 
Aquaman = All the same powers as spongebob ... 
I want to go out on my bday and come back with a tattoo , and a snake bites scare the crap outta my family x ] 
Thanks everyone mainly sam lol . Linkin parks ' A thousands sun ' and 30seconds to mars ' This is war ' is the best albums so far ! :DD 
( 8 ) This is the moment of truth , a moment to lie , a moment to live , a moment to die , a moment to fight , to fight , the moment to fight , to fight , to fight , TO FIGHT . To the right , to the left . We will fight to the death , to the edges of the earth ! Its a brave new world , Its a Brave NEW WORLD !!! ( 8 ) 
( 8)I believe in nothing , not the end and not the start , I believe in nothing , not the earth and not the stars . I believe in nothing , not the day and not the dark . I believe in nothing , but the beating of our hearts . I believe nothing , one hundred suns until we part . I believe , not in satin and no in god . I believe in nothing , not in peace and not in war . I believe in nothing but the truth in who we are ( 8 ) 
So not sleeping , Just gunna rock out to my CDs ;D 
</3 Another Dream broken . This time ... I'll stay awake . Love , is just a word ! >:'( 
Blood and sweat mixed as one , drip , drip off the skin , drip , drip off the metal . Clench your fist of blood , squeeze out more . Just to enjoy the taste . Self harm they say makes you weak . I say It makes me stronger . More so to endure more pain , that life throws my way . </3 
I wish people would shut up about me being gay just because I'm wearing Eyeliner ! -_- 
Fable 3 Gnome : I sensed your presence before you even arrived . . . . . What did you eat !?! 
This job seaching stuff is getting to me =/ even with my family pressuring me , depressing back stabbing me . and the fact we're in debt . Man , I need to get away but i cant :( 
Anyone know where the fuck I can write a Cv ? Or is it fine to just do one on word ? 
I just got mistaken for johnny depp xD 
??????????? 
?????????????? 
?????????????????????????????????? 
Wow , I've gotten a major interest in tarantula's . (: 
Fable 3 anyone ? 
I'm not even tired and its half midnight > < 
Fired on the first day . . . What the fuck . . . ¬_¬ 
Anyone whos bothered =/ I'm getting another face ' I'm having problems with logging on with this one . I should be using Blood_pain_tears@live.co.uk if it helps :/ 
Dreams , the only thing that lets us have what we want . But the one's we'd want to remember , Are forgotten . 
Ah yes , the changes you do in weeks . . . :) 
Shite bullets you basterds ... 
Someone do me a favour =/ Can we ' bump ' into each other in leeds someday ? I'ma stuck with my family for weeks ! >_<; I don't bite ! Often ;P But someone leave a message saying when they'd like to xD cause I only meet att thee Corn :3 Thannks ! 
For peace across the planet , man and womankind need to become an Endangered species , face near annihilation . Only then will humankind be at peace with humankind . But If we face near annihilation , another species will be the exterminator . How to be at peace with another species . Thats , another chapter in human future . 
Press ' Like ' If you always feel sorry for Sucide bunny ( if you dunno what that is google it ! ) Comment if you find it funny ! 
Know what fuck it - Nobody wants to so fuck it then 
know what fuck it - I'll fucking play on my own like always 
No , I would not trip you up in a zombie outbrake . I'd just shoot you [= 
??? So I don't wanna be let down , I Don't wanna live that life again . Don't wanna be let down the same old road . I Don't wanna be let down , Don't wanna live my lies again . Don't wanna be let down the same old road . ??? 
Bored 
A problem that caused more problems - I don't know what it is , but its ripping me apart . 
I love the night , night air , the coldness of the night . Much better than the day . 
I feel like today will to totaly shite 
Nine out of ten people believe that one out of nine people will always disagree with the other nine . 
Sam Had balls , he was heartbroken that they got squashed , His freinds was in pain for him . His Wife didn't careless . His Dog how ever was pissed off . He still had to deal with his Dick ! 
So noone really gives a fuck then ? 
When I'm on the stage Its not theater , its shakespear with a strap-on xD 
Would you notice If : I stood next to you , Sat under a tree reading , Cried or Rammed a knife into my arm in public ? Today , I did this . Nobody stopped , nobody noticed , nobody cared . Neither did my ' friends ' or ' family ' 
500,000 points . over 5,000 kills . One life rounds . Only one weapon . I got asked how did I do it ? My answer = " I put the game on Easy and unlimited ammo bitch ! " :] 
Hello Mr. Furlong , I'm here to feel up your daughter [= 
Who the fuck called me at 1am ? 
If I was president , I'd allow the use of The F-bomb ! Yes terrorists Fuck you ! boom . :P 
Don't give hot chocolotte to someone who will become hyper , horny and do anything sexual to the girl/guy they like . So why am I drinking this shit ? :] 
I need someone to take a photograph(s ) of a custom Roleplay character . A camera oparatior is needed but another Character would be more creative . ( nobody'll notice like .. ) 
Fuck yeah , noone cares likea always T-T 
I only got a day of free xbox live and nobody wants to play :( 
How come I lose freinds , NOT make them ? :( 
My dad says , If i can't see you - You can't see me . Try saying that to predators dad :P 
I can't believe I have tits ! I mean shits ! 
So what if I shit cotten ! - Lol cat [: 
Pokemon , the only game that says talking to strangers and getting candy of them is fine [= 
I heard a bang from upstairs so I ran up thinking somebody had broken in . Thankfully there wasn't anything there . Then I realised that we had improved Serround sound system D: 
Okay , now I know , nobody i'm freinds with would date me ... 
Yay , my 18th valentines day I've spent alone ... Come back in a year and it be my 19th ! 
When a guy says he like everything , I say : Do you like having sex with other men 
Till It Crys . 
Do you think cops every think about yelling . " REACH ! For my penis . " 
Like I'd spend a hundred pounds on something when I can just easily give you me ~ <3 
If action movies wear real , you'd know the hero would die ' cause he ran outta ammo five hours ago :P 
