We live in an age when pizza delivery gets to your home before the police . " 
There is not a shred of evidence that exists in favor of the idea that life is serious business . So ... HAVE FUN !!! :D 
is wondering .... if you stole a pen from a bank , is it classed as a bank robbery ? 
is playing with fire 
wants his friends to continue this story by adding a sentence to it : Last night I went for a walk ... 
Men are from earth . Women are from earth . Deal with it . 
" Your mission is to not to accept the mission !!! " Do you accept ? 
Just can't live that negative way ... make way for the positive day ! 
ATTENTION GOLFERS 1 . Keep Your Back Straight , Knees Bent & Feet Shoulder-Width Apart . 2 . Form a Loose Grip . 3 . Keep Your Head Down . 4 . Avoid a Quick Backswing . 5 . Stay Out of the Water . 6 . Try Not to Hit Anyone . 7 . If You are Taking Too Long 
What I love about life , is that everything I do not like would have an opposite , which I do like . 
needs minions for my plan to take over the world ... Are you with me ? 
if you're not having fun - you are doing it wrong !! 
Kake , musikk , myk seng , alene hjemme , fri i morra og konge film :D Kan kvelden bli bedre ? Tror neppe det ! :P 
DGF ( Det Gode Fellesskap ) skal snart startes på nytt !!!! Noen ideer fra folk om ting som skal gjøres ? :P 
Do you want me to tell you something really subversive ? Love is everything it's cracked up to be . That's why people are so cynical about it . . . . It really is worth fighting for , being brave for , risking everything for . And the trouble is , if you don't r 
når naboene kommer opp , og klager på at musikken min er altfor høy , da er det vel på tide å skru " litt " ned :P 
Who farted ? 
vil surfe igjen !!! :( Hvorfor kan ikke Norge ha noen ordentlige bølger ? 
Life's a Party ! Crash it ! 
is a secret agent ... oh crap . 
<---------- WANTED : DEAD or ALIVE !!! $100.000 REWARD 
har nå fått sin egen private vekkerklokke ... PREBEN !!! :P 
ATTENTION !!! Den beste lærern , Helge Parnemann , skal gifte seg i morra ! Og da bør i det minste folka fra klasse 3E stille opp ! ( Han var jo tross alt ikke på skoleavslutninga vår folkens , så han fortjener en virkelig adjø) Det skjer i Bardu kirke k 
youtube , twitter and facebook have decided to merge ... the new name will be youtwitface ;) 
Po the Panda , is an awesome Panda !!! 
Let's test the way you think : - thepenisinhermouth . Did you read ' the pen is in her mouth' ? Nah , me neither 
The most common form of marriage proposal : " YOU'RE WHAT !? " 
har katten sin sovende på fanget =) Damn it ! I can't move ... 
wants a job which only requires him to be kind of right 40% of the time . Meteorologist it is ! 
is supercalifragilisticexpialidotious !! 
It's Raining !!! Yes , love it ! \(^o^)/ 
is willing to trade his kingdom for the best offer . Enter your offer here . 
list of things I have to do today : ( 1 ) Get up ( 2 ) Survive ( 3 ) Go back to bed 
If sex is a pain in the ass , then you're doing it wrong ... 
are born to be Wild !!! 
as just seen the light ! but turned it off , because it was to damn bright ! 
får en Rhodos-tur gratis ! til neste sommer !! Happy happy !!! :D :D 
" Herb is the healing of a nation , alcohol is the destruction . "" - Bob Marley 
FREEDOM !!! 
har besøk av fetter/amigo/loco/playa/armyboy Preben nå som det er hans siste dag her i A-town ! får finne på noe kødd som vanlig en siste gang da ... 
is playing the game " HONEST " : Send ANY question to my inbox or chat , and I'll answer it honestly ! 
I have a crush on someone in my friends list . Who do you think it is ? 
Lion says " when I roar the jungle shakes " Elephant says " when I trumpet all of India trembles " Pig says " when I sneeze the whole world shits itself !! " 
får gjennomgå av Julie på hvor udugelig jeg er ... :/ 
was established on this date in 1990 , and has been causing trouble ever since ! Happy birthday to me ! :D 
sitter og må lære lillebroren min Facebook ... Oh , The Joy !!! 
Slapper av og leser histrorien venner har satt sammen , You're some crazy people ! but I LOVE it ! <3 :D 
wants his Facebook mates to help his tell a story . Right , I'll start ; Once upon a time , in a not so distant kingdom , there was ... 
Wants to surf again !!!! :( Why can't Norway get a big and magnificent surfing beach ? why ? :P 
is in your head . 
okay , hvor mye koster sovepiller ?! siden jeg trenger det NÅ !!! 
The first jockstrap was used in Hockey in 1874 and the first helmet was used in 1974 . It took 100 years for men to realize that the brain is also important ... 
ERIK !!! Give me that damn gun now ! I need it .. 
wants to surf !!! :( Norway ! Get bigger waves ! 
leser fysikk ... -_- hvor er pistolen når man trenger den hæ ? 
en av mine beste venner , Ruben , feirer 18 år i dag !!! :D Så syns dere skal gratulere han via en kommentar her ! ;) 
got pulled over for speeding once ... the cop said " I've been waiting all day for people like you ! " and from my inner mind , as a reflex or something , this answer came out " Well , I came as fast as i could " . TRUE STORY !! only in Norwegian that is .. 
... is such a good cook , even the smoke and fire alarm is cheering on him ! :D 
bare en mnd til eksamen i fysikk !! O.O Damnit ... får vel ta fram boka da ... 
Hakuna Matata ! - The best philosophy ever !! 
<---------- WANTED : DEAD or ALIVE !!! 1.000.000 $ Reward ! 
synes kommuneplan ... whatever .. møte i dag var svært lærerikt ! :D er du ikke enig Anne Sofie Ommundsen ?? :P 
skal på Hove med Yasy ! blir nok en blaut dag i dag .. But what the heck .. litt vann tåler man vel ! ;D 
says if guys had periods , they'd probaly brag about the size of there tampons ... 
I am bored !! Feel free to entertain me by commenting below ... ^^ 
Toilet motto : Keep me clean and use me well and I will never tell how bad you smell . 
' s status cannot be published due to Facebook policies . 
the Smurfs needs to make their big comeback soon ! :P 
are going to Club Bed .. since I've heard that DJ Bed ft . DJ Pillow are playing !! I hope the music genre " Sleep n ' Dreams " are good !! Good night people of Facebook !! ;D 
can read minds you see ... I know what your doing ... wait ... it's coming to me ... you're on Facebook ain't you ? See !? I told you i was a mind reader ... 
ATTENTION !!! I bet all of you , that I cannot get 50 comments on this status !!! But if I do , then I'll do whatever the one in comment number 50 says ! 
" Bad Boys 3 " are on the way !! :D YIPPIE KAY YAY !!! :D 
Do it today ! Tomorrow there may be a law against it .. 
is being tried to be converted to Islam by Saamia Habib :) hmmm ... maybe .. 
Hakuna Matata - The most awesome philosophy ever !! 
Guns are great , but sometimes you just need an axe .. 
wants all of his friends to write their favorite WORD below ! :D 
If you think something small can't make a difference , try taking a nap with a mosquito in the room ... DAMN !!! I hate that flying , bloodsucking piece of shit right now ! Now ! where is my flamethrower ? :D 
has just escaped ....... guess from where ... 
har Preben Sivertsen på besøk før militæret tar han tilbake ! 
HAH :D I am now being teached and asked a lot into converting to Islam by Saamia Habib , Nadia Manson , Maria ? Ahmed , Mims Jals , Miranda Rivana and Cuty Shemo :P anyone else wanna join in ? 
They say , " Guns don't kill people . People kill people . " Well ... you wouldn't had killed too many people by just standing there , and yelled BANG !!! would ya ? 
for President 
live free , have fun & die proud 
so what is your speciality ? 
if you found a genie .. you know , the lamp and the three wishes thingy .. what would you wish for ? :P 
okay .. who let the dogs out ? 
is thinking about writting a book called " the Way To Freedom ! " a.k.a. WTF ! 
Welcome aboard " Sweet Dreams " airline , all passengers on bed , hug your pillows as the flight will be leaving soon to dream land . Enjoy your time ;) Goodnight ! 
Dear Santa , about that naughty list and today ... can we talk ? 
is up to something .. 
FREEDOM !!! <3 
In the spirit of Halloween , in the space below , I want you to tell me and everyone else ... What Scares The Sh*t Out Of You . Muah .. Ha .. Ha .. Ha 
are gonna meet the entire Awesome family today !! YAY !!! ;D 
are having the privilege to announce that Lord Winter has started his work here in Norway !! 
The World Is Just Awesome 
is up to something 
just woke up , and are ready for all the adventures this fabulous world gives ya !! ;D The world is great for an optimist .. 
Live for today ... Plan for tomorrow ... Party tonight !!! 
If you're happy & you know it clap your hands .. * CLAP CLAP * :D 
took his Sword of Knowledge and Shield of Thoughts , and defeated the once so famous monster named " physics exam " today !! The people of this kingdom are safe and free once more .. 
Let the Good Times Roll !! 
ashes to ashes , dust to dust , lifes to short so party we must ! 
believes cannibals are people too . After all , you are what you eat ... 
make love not war .. cuz condoms are cheaper than bullets ! 
Kingdoms are ruled by Kings , and Monarchies are ruled by Monarchs . That means that a country is ruled by .. 
are born to be lively !! xD 
Stalkers these days don't need go out , they have Facebook now ... 
Happy New Year my crazy friends and foes !! ;) Must 2010 bring you great happiness , and have a strange night tonoght !! ... I know I will ... 
Merry Christmas to ya all !! :P I really hope you got on the " nice " list this year .. I mean .. 
Put ? this ? as ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer ! ? All I want for Christmas is a CURE ! ? ( 93% WON'T Copy and Paste this , will YOU ?? ) I'm NOT one of those 93% 
If you're happy & you know it clap your hands .. CLAP CLAP :D 
Rule number 32 – Enjoy The Little Things 
akebrett etter en bil kan anbefalles på det sterkeste !! <3 
is wondering , hypothetically speaking of course , if the need should arise where is the best place to hide a body ? 
I love my haters big time !! 
Miss my cuz Preben Sivertsen already ! :'( 
I have the best friends in the world . That's what's really on my mind , not 
gonna lie . <3 
Joey Bane , matey , you need to seriously stop joking around with that girl !! HAHA xD 
Always when woman looks at me , I get the feeling they're thinking : 
" That's why I'm straight .. " 
hmmmmm ...... 
move to Indonesia or Mexico ...? 
ideas on which ? 
? ? ? ? l ? ll| ??????? | ??? = ??? | ??????? |ll ? l ? ? ? ? 
" Take a chance , while you still got a choice ! " 
-AC/DC 
is ooh ee ooh ah ah , ting tang , walla walla bing bang .. ooh ee ooh ah ah ting tang walla walla bing bang ... Good luck getting that out of your head :D 
Facebook keeps asking me " What's on my mind ? " and I think Facebook has crush on me or likes me . But I ain't dating it . 
is boom chicka wah wah !! <3 
Are there any good writers out there ?? 
" Better Lifestyle " needs ya ! ;) 
Learn all the rules ... and then break some . 
We sing . We dance . We steal things . 
Reality is negotiable :P 
A lot of guys ask me , “How do you make a girl wet ? ” to which I say , when 
she’s not looking , throw her in a pool . 
Danger gleans like sunlight to brave men eyes . 
Last status message of 2010 ! 
Here's a toast to all the good memories of 2010 and all the new ones starting in 2011 ! Cheers ! :) 
I think , therefore I'm dangerous . 
putts my cuz Preben ? Sivertsens barman skills to the test :P 
And let me say ... he passes with flying colors !! hehe 
RAWR .. The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe the impossible is possible .. <3 
is uncensored . 
There is no off position on the genius switch .. 
is 
fighting ninja's . 
royally f’ed up accidently buying shampoo that smells like Mira . lol 
I think I've got a crush on Princess Jasmine :/ :P <3 
Back off , Aladdin !! haha xD 
just noticed that when I stop the microwave with 1 second to go .. 
I get the feeling of a truly badass bomb defusal expert !! xD lol 
Nothing improves creativity like the lack of supervision ! ;D <3 - FREEDOM !!!! 
" I blind people , with the light of my awesomeness ! " 
-Mind Valley <3 
believes the hotter a girl is the crazier she is ... it's scientific fact people ! lol 
The best things in life aren't things <3 hehe 
I'm not afraid to die on the treadmill !!! 
and now for something completely different .. 
I think Morgan Freeman is the kinda guy , that can talk about just a tiny single sandcorn in the massive Sahara dessert .. 
and still make it sound like the most interesting thing , EVER !!! xD 
I love this guy !! <3 
I get enough exercise just pushing my luck . <3 
she’s not looking , throw her in a pool <3 
I think I've got a crush on Jasmine :/ <3 
Back off Aladdin !! xD 
is a dromomaniac <3 
Foreplay IS sex !! <3 
is worried by normal people . xD 
preys that ' MOny Ahmed survives with a stronger heart ? 
I know you can do it , girl !! :) 
Den jenta du bare kalte feit ? Hun sulter seg og har mistet over 15 kg . Gutten du kalte dum ? Han har lærevansker og studerer over 4 timer hver natt . Den jenta du bare kalte stygg ? Hun tilbringer timer med å ta på seg sminke i håp om at folk vil like henne . Gutten du nettopp spente bein på ? Han blir misbrukt hjemme . Det er ikke alltid folk er som du tror . Sett dette som statusen din hvis du er mot mobbing . 
