Of 2 tha gym lol 
people and picture lol what a krakk !!!!!! nomore of that for me lol 
I love my boyfriend ! 
Typical 
Soo freakin bored ! i needa job !! hmmm ... 
Tea cooked lol :) 
food lol 
leslie tauariki i lovez you my huni xxx ... * looked n tryd the most beautiful n very EXPENSIVE ring on * . n very merry xmas to all my family n frenz love n light to u al xx 
leaving tha airport kant wate to go to bed lol 
jus finish at tha gym lol sauna is so hot !! 
Happy happy joy joy ! lol 
misss my lil darlingz lol xxxooo 
mising my lil niecey 
p 
tru ow bro ow falah ow bay neat alryte kuzie sori bowt it ! haha 
Leslie tauariki my hansom boy lol 
so need new photos 
wnt be doing anythng ths w.e im sick az ! and so ova it . knt be stuft doing anythng i nd a antidote lol 
H2o iz the way 2 go lol 
whats is the point of the point ??? dus it have a point lol 
Mis u mum n dad , buba n sista 
Fah shut tha hel up u noisey buggerz 
happy birthday brother 
love u x 
sooo tired . sooo bloated lol 
choicez , decisionz , regretz , mistakez = happiness or sadness 
~ Driinx wit tha famz tonyte hmmm smirnoff duble blax i think Sorta had enuf of woodstok . for now lol ~ 
In tha hummerzine lol mean 
Stupid anxiety atackz ! 
Nice boring day in perth . driving manual hahaha 
i mis my family !! 
orsum lesonz dadio haha 
gawd az tew beh baqz ! 
yea yea ay !! 
hahaha any1 seen that cat maru ? look it up on youtube friken thing is a krak up 
i wish 
o . m . g 
Facebook fanatix ! 
ths year big planz to save lotz . bk to new zealand in december 4 my birthday , koroz unveiling , xmas and new yearz kant wate to c my famz ! gana be a big thng to look foward to ! no mucking arownd ths year thatz for sure ! 
Wea have u been ? 
isnt it ironic how we love those that hurt us n hurt those that love us . . . ! ! 
DUMB !! 
feels mean not being at home all the dam time wasting my life away . 
The GREATEST MAN IN THE WORLD .. Would be my DADDY NATHAN TE POHE . Even tho i dnt sho it dad you r my everythng im daddys girl always u r truly my light thru tha darkness.xxx i LOVE You & MUM xxx . I hope 2011 bringz nothng but the best .. i mis youz like crazy !! xx all my LOVE Maari !! 
Itz funi how people assume they know everything .. yay i get to go to tafe friday then nex wk orientation then i found owt our firzt wk there we get to hav a party sorta thng on tha wekend ! awesum az lookn foward to my new year ! lol 
FUCK FUCKEN FUCKING FUCKD FUCKITY FUCK FUCK !! DAM SUM PEOPLE JUS MAKE U WANA SWEAR !!! I DNT GIVE A FUCK HAHAHAHA LOLz .. Hmmm ... :D 
Yay fingerz crosd Today ! 
i heart you mah hunnie 
