3 days till cali and arizona !!!!!!!!!!!!! lego land here i come ! 
I love writting my love stories 
gets to go see harry potty today ^^ 
i never got to go see harry potter T T.T T 
i have to throw a b-day party now 
i want to learn to play bass guitar , i need someone to teach me though ... 
gets to over to tiffs tonight !! :3 its going to be f . u . n . :3 :3 :3 
cuz eveytim we touch , i get this feeling , and eveytime we kiss , i swear i can fly ! i want you in my life 
i need more ghost hunt !!!! T T.T T ( seson two out soon !!!!! ) 
Le Arc En Ceil , look them up !!! 
gotta work , but kinda procrastinating 
Finally finished my work , but im still not sleepy , i need something to do 
the bowl cut of TRUTH :] 
really needs to stop talking to these fools :] 
i sing this lovely little song , its about love ( duh ) and i dont know if you know who its about :3 WELL FIGURE IT OUT YOURSELF , CUZ I HAVE NO CLUE !!! T T.T T 
WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE , not 
bored , maybe going to the mall with shi-chan , that would be a change of pace 
My souls blue :] 
Ugh , my body hurts :[ 
grrrr , stupid >:( 
needs to move on 
bubble bubble ( iz a seahorse :3 ) 
cant wait for everything to be over again , i need more of my book time 
i have a toothbrush , it's a sexy toothbrush ;] 
i want junk food ... 
quak :3 
yucki :P 
techno dreams ... 
lalala , going swimin at tristies house today :] yay !!! maybe purple cow will be there ... 
i love you hitsugaya-taichou !!!!! 
i feel so ... ugh :( 
WHAT SHOULD I BE FOR HALLOWEEN THAT IS LOW-BUDGET ???????? 
Myspace does not like bulk uploading -.- 
ugh , if only i had found this out earlier T T.T T 
hehehe , tomorrows a special day :) 
ohz my garsh !! i just found a note that ashton wrote tiffany in my box :) ashton your such a romiantic :P 
gossip whores are so stupid , just gossip in person , you dont need a whole webiste to yourself >:( idiots 
inspiration has many shapes and forms , mine just happens to be music :) 
lalala , hangin with my buddies :3 cant wait for ice skating 
my teeth hurt :'( 
dinna ! FOOD FOR THOUGHT 
hehehe , bye bye red head , hello brunette :) 
ugh , now i feel stupid for trying , at least my grades are pretty good :) 
black friday was CRAZY ! 
gotta love jazz :3 
happy b-day sissay !!!! XD 
is listening to metallica 
For the next 24 hours , I promise to be 100% truthful and answer any question that you send me in my inbox . The question has to be in my inbox and you have to swear not to tell anyone my answer . Any question will be accepted in the next 24 hours . 3 questions per person . And dont try stealing this idea . ( Labib told me to :P ) 
i finally have a new pic :) go chorale ! 
lalala , happy thanks giving ^.^ 
i actually wore a hat and got NO HAT HAIR !!!! XD 
BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA !!!! 
i really need a new profile pic 
OMG !!! there's a SAXOPHONE DAY !!!!!!! that is sooo going on my calender 
kudos to those of you that drink root beer with their cookies :3 
rawr to you all 
rAWRZ 
Aparently , my hair SHOULD be red . Well , too late now 
i cant talk to those guys anymore ... too akward 
the grren jumpsuit of LOVE :] 
ARG !!!! sean if you can hear me , CALL !!! or i will mysteriously appear at your door and drag you out ! 
I sometimes love it when your immature friends try to play the grown up when they know better 
Hehehehe , early mornings can be so crazy after a night of MAFIA with my auntie :) 
Ok , if you & I woke up in jail together -- using only FOUR words -- What would you say to me ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say . ( And if you make a comment , you gotta put this in your status . Fair is fair ! ) 
I FOUND YOUR PHONE TIFFANY !!!!! 
i need good song ideas , i feel reeeaaallyy creative today 
LALALA , love to sing today , probably cuz im really hyper like :) 
GO CHECK OUT www.zebrazine.weebly.com 
Ugh , saxes better do good , or i will go gossip girl on your butts ! 
i dont get how im compatable with gemini today 
omg ! if there's something you wanted to tell me you just could have ! ( you know who you are ) 
I finally know why they say , " When in a crisis , one always turns towards their church " 
YAYYY FOR KATIE AND BRIAN 
church was hilarious ! especially eating afterwords :) 
labels are for soup cans 
i love Ingrid Michealson 
GO AUNT APREL !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Can't wait for spring break ... 
Idc what you say Chase , Alice in Wonderland was awesome 
The one who loves you will not make you cry alone at night thinking about him/her . They will be right beside you telling you it will be alright . 
i get my hair cut today :D 
finally going to go see Valentine's Day 
Awww , a good nights sleep :D 
if you want more pics of my hair , you're gonna have to check myspace , the uploader is being retarted -.- 
Oh my god ... this is so confusing me ... 
even pocky won't soothe a migrane 
WHY IS MY GOLD MISSING ON GAIA ????? IM MISSING LIKE 2 THOUSAND !!!! 
THEY WONT UPLOAD !!!! POR QUE 
got my hair cut :) 
GOSH ! MY GAIA IS BEING DUMB 
Writting my new series , haha , it's so easy though I haven't writen one in about a year ... 
hahaha , strange things are amiss at the circle K :) 
They always tell you high school will be different ... but it's the same crap , just with different people -.-' 
Hey soul sitser :D 
check yes juliet , are you with me , rain is falling down on the sidewalk , i won't give up untill you're outside 
Gosh , that movie was so good that I was crying like a baby:') 
Tell me somethin ' .... in my inbox .... that you've never told me ..... and I'll tell you somethin ' too .... and no one will know :) 
I just want to crawl up into a ball and have someone ( though I know who :]) sing me too sleep .... sounds so soothing 
" Man conqure phone . " -Keelan Layton 
Can't sleep ! Neither can Katie ! Ohs nos ! 
ANDREW , WHY DID YOU QUIT ON MEEEEEE :'( 
Does anyone remember the GT english homework exactly ? I have no clue where my paper went ! 
Remind me never to go running again , that's the last time I want to pass out . 
Playing basketball outside with a floodlight , amazing 
Ich spiele Saxophon :) 
cursed child ! 
I love photobucket so much :) 
sure , life is beautiful , but how can it be beautiful without its opposite ? let the ugly things happen now and move on so your actual life can be joyous 
I <3 Kaichou Wa Maid-sama 
Arg ! Band may be kick ass , but it's still a pain in the butt most times ! 
yay for movie nights :D 
I wanna go to the show !!!! Dang it for no money ! 
KAISEY JAMIE !!!!! I didnt see you D'X 
Labib , don't worry me like that again ... 
I'm so confused about what's going on today -.- 
Just saw Silent Hill , not too bad ... just the actually gorey parts were yucky : b 
just got out of uil 
i had no cluse chinese astrology was so complex 
best two right here : 36 . if you dont think the relationship is going anywhere , TELL US dont go and tell your friends and then break up with us . it will seriously scar us for the rest of our lives 46 . girls like guys that are spontanious . like , if you like a girl , walk up to her and be like wow your gorgous can i have your number , seriously it makes our day (: 
My brother and Hunter ... So weird 
making perogies !!! yummy : 9 
Somewhere over the rainbow <3 
Pahahaha ! Kourtney's boots are fuzzyXD 
i enjoy being blind , the world seems a bit more innocent 
Wow , I love my mom's phone 
Tiffany is trying a song on guitar hero that only a Mr. Sean Zeller could play well ... it ended very badly 
I shall sleep well tonight :) I hope ... 
Ich liebe Linkin Park <3 
I <3 Usher :3 
OMFG , MY CAT HAS A FACEBOOK 
yay for sleepovers ! 
Ughhhh , i need to buy my banquet ticket , but i have no money T T.T T 
rawr ... daddy hurry up ! 
Meus diligo , meus vita , meus forever 
" i'd rather fight with you than make love with anybody else " SECOND BEST LINE EVER !!! 
I could have danced all night , I could have danced all naight , and still have begged for more . I could have spread my wings , and done a thousand things ... 
JAZZ BAND TOMORROW FOR ALL YOU AWESOME BAND NERDS OUT THERE ( this includes you , jeru ) 
Why must everything be extrordinarily ordinary ?? 
Found a BUNCH of old pics on my camera , I definatley don't miss my red hair 
Note to self : When making chocolate , used SWEETENED chocolate square , otherwise you pretty much get dark chocolate 
making gilcreases cookies 
hehehe , i have an audition :) 
Oh how I can't wait to go home 
a message from free birds : comfort the disturbed and disturb the comfortable 
My daddy's new hottie : Cascada 
Why does everybody make a deal out of opinions ? It's not like you have to listen , don't get your panties all in a bunch ... sheesh 
I get to go to the talent show with Katie and Chance !!! Going to hang at the park before hand ( Jeremy , you buttmunch1 Gosh , skiing ... ) 
WHY AM I ALWAYS DRAWN TO FIRE ... AND THEN WATER ????????? 
Just finished baby sitting the cutest little girl . 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment you must copy and paste this to your status so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along ! 
we need a name ! we can't be the resistance without having a name ! how about the pirate monkeys !!!! NO ! 
according to my cousin , little girls are sweethearts and little boys are snails 
It's funny how people say , " It hurts ME to say this , " even though they know that it doesn't hurt them one bit 
" i think i'd miss you if we never met " BEST LINE EVER 
Ugh ! I don't want to be voted sweetheart ! Grrrr .... 
Post this as your status and see how many colors you get . \ 
Red-I love you 
Pink- You're cute 
Violet- We should date 
Green- You're funny 
............ Orange- I like you 
White- I used to like you 
Yellow- You're amazing 
Black- I miss you 
Purple- You're hot ;) 
Blue- Friends forever 
Brown- You're sweet 
Turquoise- I want to get to know you better 
Gosh , I absolutely adore Lavi from D . Grey-Man ! Even though I love Allen and Kanda too ! ^.^ 
My room is so colorful :) Both of them ! I love it ! 
yay ! got my shoes for banquet ! 
i wonder what i would look like as an anime character ... 
I love the feeling of being detached from everything ; problems become clear , emotions are gone , and yet I find myself frightened of that feeling for no human should be able to solve their problems without some form of emotion . 
omg , i feel like a little girl , i feel in love with online dress up games ... 
Watching halloewwen , how can these people be so retarted ? 
nani itteru no yo ! XD 
got a concert tonight ! solos !!! yay ... 
I used to hate my bordem ... now I crave it 
omg , i just did my high school try outs ... and alex says he will hit me if i didnt make top band 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY RYAN AND BRIAN !!!!! 
Only my family would stand at the candy aisle for more than ten minutesXD 
I love the movie she's all that !!! 
Breaking Benjamin speaks to the soul !!! 
You're playin ' it cool , I know how you do , I feel like a fool , but I would be feelin ' it anyway , ' cuz nobody loves me , you're messin around , I figured ya out , I'm takin ya down , but I would be feelin ' it anyway , ' cuz nobody loves me like you do ... 
Swimming ... again 
Each heart knows its own bitterness , and no one else can share its joy . Proverbs 14:10 
GOOD JOB TREY !!!! 
Why is it that I can't stay up at ten thirty to watch V for Vendetta but can get up at nine am ?? 
slept all day , it was awesome 
Haha , im making jeremy miserable by watching totally spies 
It's cold today :( 
you can't try and help my life if you can't even help your own . you're weak , so quit asking strong 
Hahaha , Adam is serenading me :) 
iris ' are like the painting of someones soul , you can see their true nature and how they love by just one meaning glance 
" The world is made for right-handed people . " -Adam 
Looks like I'm not going to UNT :( They don't have what I'm looking for 
I should NOT be up this early !!!! 
gotta love cheesy movies 
solo today ! choir concert tonight , talk to me if you want to go !! 
happy birthday timmy and ryan !!! 
yay ! my hair is completely straight for once ! 
oatmeal creme pies ... so ... yummy !!!! XD 
Non posso fermare più . Il riconsiderare dentro di me ha quasi consumato me . E questa volta , non posso andare incontro a chi mi vuole di più , per lei ha troppi problemi di sua iniziativa anche necessario preoccuparsi mio existance ... ella non capire . 
my eyes hurt soooo bad !!!!! Dx 
yeah , got a book plan now with gilcrease XD 
hangin out with my imagionation :) 
hahaha , hanging out with josh uptons mama at the hair salon 
I guess I'm now baby cakes ????? 
I really hope we get now school tomorrow ... no school means movies ... which means cuddling <3 
take me down to the paradise city where the grass is green and the girls are pretty 
I FEEL SO ACCOMPLISHED !!! Nine feedbacks in two minutes :) For only two pictures !!! 
Let's not kill the farmer , let's not start a fight , it's not worth the drama for a beautiful lie 
Just made Marble Pound Cake , it is amazing :) 
I've slept so much these past three days , I could've been in a coma and wouldn't have cared 
Sophmores = S'mores:) 
I need to learn to play my stinkin ' guitar ! I've had it HOW long and I still can't play it ! DX 
Bushi-senpaiXD 
I didn't even notice that this morning that my curling iron was burning my foot lying there on the floor :/ Talk about me getting to used to heat ... 
Press " like " and I will post one memory I have of you on your wall . Repost this for a challenge ! 
I swear , my internet is being soooo retarted , but at least I ordered pizza >.< 
Yay ! I finally finished the Zebra Zine website !!!! Finally ! It looks awesome ! 
I ONLY SPRAINED MY ANKLE !!! THANK YOU GOD !!! 
Why must beauty always be based on outside looks ? Sure , there is pretty , but can you get beautiful from a body figure ? No , you get beauty from the true smile people show only their closest friends , one that reveals all of their deepest joys and regrets . Beauty is not based upon looks , but the soul that lies beneath them :) 
I feel pretty :) <3 
" The most wasted day is that in which we have not laughed . " - Chamfort 
It's amazing how much different you can look with a black dress and some red lipstick :) 
You should never let a caged bird roam free ; the taste of freedom lingers when you restrain it once again . Leaving the bird depressed and defenseless , always craving the air it once flew . 
What would be a cool band name ? I personally think Pattern Blocks is the bomb 
I love my section :) <3 
LOOKING FOR RANGERS !!!!!! POWER RANGERS BEING RECRUITED : BLACK , BLUE , AND RED !!!! CONDITIONS : MUST BE MALE , IN GT ENGLISH , AND IN TOP BAND !!!!! 
OMG , I feel like such a little kid today ! 
Was planning with Conner ( My grandpaXD ) Soooo , this coming weekend should be fun :) 
Sheesh , I have some ubber retarted friends ... 
just rode the titan for the first time ... 
Girl movie it is , so yay :) 
THAT WAS SO AWKWARD !!!!! Not funny , band nerds ... 
I think I shall pic up a pencil and paper ... and draw people . AT THE PARK !!!! :D 
Gotta love Fat Albert :) 
Why , God , why must you give this headache to me ? And then leave it there ALL DAY ?!?!?!?! 
Sono felice per ora ... 
" Within your heart , keep one still , secret spot where dreams may go . " - Louise Driscoll 
Wash , wash , wash the car 
Angel of mercy <3 :3 
Play the color game . Copy this to your status and see what people rate you . * Red = I love you * Pink = Your cute * Green = your funny * Orange = I like you * White = I used to like you * Yellow = Your amazing * Black = I think your gangsta * Blue = Friends forever * Purple = I don't know you that well 
Hahahah , finally saw Blades of Glory , that was hilariousXD 
" Once in a while , right in the middle of an ordinary life , love gives us a fairy tale . " - anonymous 
What do you do when you don't want to give up , but you don't feel like trying to deal with people either ? 
Smells like cheese . 
I finally have a sundress :) 
Chatting with my onitans :) 
Argh !!!!! My photos are being totally retarted !!!!! DX 
I love Wednesdays :) <3 
i have a wonder woman shirt :) 
Was going to make sushi ... now I've got to change my plans ... darn 
Get to go see Toy Story 3 today instead of tomorrow , I feel like such a little girl 
Going to my cousin Gavin's birthday party , gonna be a long ass drive -.- 
I got up for nothing T T.T T Oh well , no I can go to the Pet Fair I guess :D 
Dear Vincent and Brandon , my onitans ... QUIT CONFUSING ME 
Yay ! Audition went well , they want me at the school :) Now I just have to get money ... and lots of it .... darn 
Yay ! I finally have a twitter , all thanks to ms. layton :) 
Yummm , pancakes 
Today feels like it's been going on forever O.O 
Hahah , a boat that goes " choo choo " 
OMG IT'S RAINGING AGAIN !!!! WHOOOOOXD 
say all i need is the air i breathe and a place to rest my head <3 :) 
Gosh , Degrassi is very addicting 
Gosh , Dusty , you lucky duck >:( 
just did harmony try outs ! did decent ... i hope -.- 
finally saw shutter island , it was delightfully creepy :) 
Attention marching french horn players ! My sister is selling her malophone with a new mouth peice for $30 ! 
I <3 One Republic 
Feel like it's halloween ! I love dressing up silly ! 
Mean people are MEAN !! XD 
OMG , Neopets is really kiddish , but I totally love it ! 
im not predjudice i hate everybody :D 
If you hit the " LIKE " button on this status I will write on your wall and tell you what I like about you . If you're brave , you will put this as your status (: 
Hacked by Tiffany (: 
Workin ' on the Zine website , should be fun ! 
COSPLAY !!!! Which anime character should I be ??? ( If you don't choose an anime character , expect to be ignored : b ) 
Mwahahahah , I get to draw everyone on Zebra Zine ! Whooooo , 5his should be fun :) 
Wheee , gettin ready for my audition , kinda nervous >.< 
Hangin with my bro today ! Horror storis in mass quantities are amazing ! 
DUSTY !!! YOU NEVER TOLD ME THE PARTY DETAILS !!!!!! 
Bubble baths are amazing :) 
I reallly don't want to be up untill three or four in the morning just so I can wake up earlier tomorrow .... Ugh ! 
My sister and I are " reed-tards " 
Watching Smokin ' Aces with the family , it's oddly addicting . 
Why is it that after a week without make up and doing your hair that you feel really pretty when you do ? 
Can we not cure some of the heartbreak in the world ? Why can we people not noticed the difference between love and addiction ? Do we not know how pained we make ourselves ? Do we not know the boundaries confined to us by emotion ? Maybe it's the theory of yin and yang , we must have pain to have true love , or maybe it's humanity's addiction to the pain that we face everyday with our family , friends , and lovers . 
I <3 Micheal Buble ( curse you , accent mark ! ) 
Katie and I are watching See No Evil , this movie is really .... creepy 
Katie ! Im makin you peanut butter cookies ! 
" Because days come and go , but my feelings for you are forever " -Papa Roach <3 
Sp darling , save the last dance for me :) <3 Michael Buble is amazing 
Watching Katie and Mark flirting is making me feel lonely . 
ah , the memories you share around a pickle jar 
Ahhh , Deviantart is an amazing invention :) 
Who knows ME FOR REAL ? Full name : ___________Age : ________ Birthday : ___________Eyecolor : _________ Nickname : ___________ Bestfriend : ______________Favorite color : ___________Post this to your wall and see who knows you best :D Family you may do this xD . Youll winn 
Sunscreen makes you shiny :) 
" Sway " by The Perishers :) 
Mwahahahahaah , I am now a deviant >:) 
I love being a kiddo on the inside !!! 
Why is it that when you try to sleep in for once that the whole world wants you to wake up ! Grr 
at the pool with my best frienddd :) 
Drama kings , I swear ... 
Finally watched Glee for the first time , it was pretty good . 
Why is it that when it's five in the morning I can work like a maniac , but after that , nada !! 
Unsalted pretzels taste weird :( 
Sittin ' next to Yasmine at the library ! Gonna be fun today :) 
Beck is pretty funny 
i found out how to make chance tick : b 
Ohmigosh !!! I GOT A POTTERY WHEEL :D :D :D 
Playing Rock Band can be fun ... playing it with TJ , Hunter , and Jeremy is even better :) 
Just saw Despicable Me , it was good ! 
Gonna make chocolates :) Too bad I don't have a saxophone shapeXD 
Made Roman Apple Coffee Cake :) Es muy delicioso <3 
STUPID PUZZLE !!! 
Arg !!! Why must baking be so time consuming ??? It's really fun though :) Mmmm , cupcakes ! 
Well then , getting hit twice today in the same spot was no fun at all ! 
Well that was pretty pathetic , I hope that doesn't happen when I'm playing this afternoon ... 
OMG , America's Next Top Model is THA BOMB 
Well I started a big band family !!!! So Claire Gensen is my mama , Jon Reynolds is my papa , Keelan Layton happens to be my husband ( Don't ask how ! XD ) Regan Scott is my sissy , and ALOT more , but Connor Mccullum and Steven are my grandpas !!! ( Sorry Steven I don't know your last name !!!! )XDXDXD 
Hahaha , I just texted my dad from across the house 
It feels so good to be drawing again :) 
Yay :) I love the feeling of ordering books :) 
Do we have zero period tomorrow ? :O 
According to Connor Mcullum , the best band nerd pick up line is , " I'm a fermata , will you hold me ? " XD 
" Like " my status and i'll write on ur wall and do the like , dislike , first impression and that confession 
Sleepoverr :) 
" If you got a problem , take it up with my butt , cuz it's the only thing that gives a crap " -Family Guy :) 
Hehehe , cemetaries are always fun when you're playing pranks :) 
Hehehe , from Ashlei , " Of course they don't work ! The flip flop would fly of your shoe ! " 
Got my hair cut , then realised I looked very similar to Lidia ... Lidia ! We're now twins !! 
Nothing like J-pop to get your day really started :) 
Arg , got paid and could by the stinkin rice powder I need , but now I need to buy shorts and white shirts !!! Arg ! Sorry Alex ! I SHALL HAVE YOUR BENTO SOON ! ( And Tony's food along with it ) 
Ohmigosh ! Yasmine drew my very late birthday present of me and it looks absolutely AMAZING ! 
Hehehehe , Black Friday >:) 
Got my new glasses and contacts :) 
If you're brave , copy this to your status and see what people rate youas . [ 1 ] crazy . [ 2]wish we went out . [ 3 ] talkative . [ 4 ] sarcastic . [ 5]lovable . [ 6]sexy . [ 7 ] strong . [ 8 ] dumb . [ 9 ] spoiled . [ 10 ] mouthy . [ 11]wild . [ 12 ] goofy . [ 13 ] funny . [ 14 ] awesomly awesome . [ 15 ] amazing[16 ] ... beautiful [ 17]cute . [ 18 ] best friend . [ 19]Whore 
Lauren , Mama , and I put a whole new meaning to the BLT :) 
Attention cheap shoppers and hungry people alike !!! Yard sale today at 766 Blessing Creek Dr. from 8 to 2 !! 
Finally get my burritos !!! I love you Ashlei for taking me !!!!!! 
I really need to start my homework -.- 
Ok then , my family is having a yard sale , and I'm making cookies to sell :) So if you want some amazingly delicious cookies , ask me the details , and you will have your request ! 
Nyaaaaaa !!!! Dream college , here I come :) ( This is to annoy Ashlei Yonce) >:) 
Games are too cold ! 
Finally ! After two weeks I get my popcorn chicken ! my day has been made ! 
Some people are such jackasses , always assuming they know the world when they only know a small piece ... grrrr 
Ahhh , the lake was so awesome today ! But I got burned on my face , the ONLY time it's happened though ! Arg ! 
Hahahaha ! That is the funniest message I've gotten in a looong timeXD Someone needs to let their girlfriend stop running their life 
At Conner's party :) 
I'm so sleepy ... band just drains everything out of EVERYONE :( 
Hagrid's buttcrack !!!! XD 
* Red = I love you * Pink = you're cute * Green = you're funny * Orange = I like you * Brown = I used to like you * Yellow = you're amazing * Black = i hate you * Blue = friends 4 ever * Purple = I don't know you that well . Copy this to your status and see what people rate you . 
Hahaha , gotta love movie nights , best darn naps I ever getXD Sorry , Brent , for fallin asleep again ! 
Jazz band always helps put things in perspective :) 
I wish for this pain to cease growing in my ankle :'( 
I love making presents :) 
I'm bonding with my brother :) 
BogusD : < 
Are you done yet ? Because clearly you need to learn what the word humanity means , learn it and then PRACTICE IT ... you aren't doing a good job , buddy . 
There is that one person who makes you feel like the prettiest girl in the whole world ! I very much like this person :) 
If you love me ; comment on this status . 
If you think I'm a good friend ; like this status . 
If you have ever had a crush on me ; poke me . 
If you absolutely hate me ; then message . Me and tell me why . 
Post this as your status if your not scared . 
I'm done ... with everything , no longer will I try to be social , say hello to anti-social Tori 
Making a german chocolate cake :) 
I miss my long hair so much:'( 
Apparently , I'm a babe ... well ok then 
Haha , I love how when I look at the chat thingy it's all band kidsXD 
Makin ' fudge :) :) :) I <3 makin ' fudge ! 
From Elizabeth : " Those are big curly fries ! " Me : " Those are union rings " Elizabeth : " Onion rings ?!?! " Hahahaha 
" I don't want to survive ! I want to live ! " Ahhh , how Wall-E can be inspirational :) 
Finished with my exams :) Finally ! 
Hehehe , my Mama called her boss and asked if we can beat her sonXD 
Yay !! Watching a bunch of movies :) 
Arg ! Now I know how Alex feels when nobody knows their music ! SAXES ! Learn your music ! 
I keep falling asleep in all of my classes ! it's horrible , but so niceXD 
I need to get more pictures , I don't have enough with my short hair :/ 
Gosh ... I'll admit ... 
There are always thos days when the world seems to be in black and white , then's there's that little pop of color that makes everything better . 
Best Christmas ever :) 
Oh my gosh ... I feel like I'm forgeting something ... at least it's not my instrumentXD 
I love looking at anime couple pictures :) So adorable 
Arg , I wish a certain someone * insert name here * didn't wake me up : b Keelan Layton ! 
" Say you'll love me " :) I love this song !! 
The absence of heat is mocking my stick-like figure !! NOOOOO !!! I don't like the cold ! DX 
Ahhh , the wonders of trance music :) 
Hahaha , watched Hairspray , I love Seaweed and Penny :) They're adorable 
Ohmigosh ! Diary of a Wimpy Kid is soooo cute ! 
Grrr , I dislike my internet at the moment .... 
" The fact that no one understands you doesn't make you an artist " Hahaha , I love Earthbound :) <3 
Awww , I wanted to work at the shelter :( 
Cuz nobody loves me ... like you do :) I love that song <3 
YES !!!!! I get to go see Burlesque :) :) :) 
Ugh ... again , why again ? Sheesh , make up your mind already ! 
Ugh , great , they saw me ... again 
Reading all those books was fun , the rest was crappy :/ 
French fry wars :) 
I have an orthodontist appointment tomorrow:'( 
GERARD BUTLER PLAYED THE PHANTOM !!!!!! YESSSSSS 
Tried to get some awesome " learn italian " books ... turns out my card was empty still and my order hadn't been refunded T T.T T Now I have to wait , NOOOOOOO 
Ahhh , baking cookies with family is fun :) 
Some things do change ... and they're always the ones you don't want to 
What's going on with winterfest ?!? Is it even still going on ?? O.O 
I don't want to hurt you 
I don't want to make you sway 
Like I know I've done befoe 
I've always been a dreamer 
I'va had my head amoung the clouds 
But now that I am coming down 
Won't you be my solid ground ? 
Squirtle squirtle :D 
I had no clue Basshunter was Swedish O.O 
I love my teddy bear :) <3 Shhh !!! Don't tell ! 
So apparently , I have to come up with a ninja samurai ... But if ninjas and samurais are worst enemies .... OMG !!!! I just had an idea :D Amazing ! 
Writting an essay for a contest . Best topic ever : How amazing are you ? 
Micheal Buble speaks to my soul sometimes <3 
Those who say that only sunshine brings happiness have never danced in the rain . 
Ahh , the musical stylings of Norah Jones just warm my heart :) <3 
My computer is so slow D'X 
Ugh , now I'm confused on which to choose !!! DX * hides behind pillow * 
Ahh ! I just added pictures on deviant art , and already people are adding themXD Yay ! I'm so happy :) 
Gosh , I started cleaning , and now I can't stop ! 
Io sono molta strana :) 
Arg ... I didn't want to wake upT T.T T 
All these posts got me thinking about monday ... I have no clue what I'm going to do about it ... eep !! 
COPY This On Your STATUS & See What You Get INBOXED ! 
Gold : Be My Valentine This Year ? 
Red : I Used To Like You 
Oranqe : Will You Be Mine ? 
Yellow : I Think Your Cutee 
... Blue : I Lovee You 
Purple : I Wanna Chill 
Pink : I Likee You 
Gosh , coming up with whole new characters sucks :( 
" Her husband preggo'd her ego ! " 
Winter's almost gone :) YESSSSS 
" Are you here boyfriend ??? "" NO HE IS NOT ! NEVER ! "" Then what is he ?!? "" ... I am just a humble stalker . "" :O " 
Some people are more idiotic than others . They just can't learen from their mistakes . 
Le Jazz Hot <3 
There are just some days in which I wish to kill some people ... and I really wish I could . 
If you love something , let it go . If it comes back to you , its yours forever . If it dosent , then it was never meant to be . 
I would have figured being up this early would stink . But it doesn't!:D It feels like the whole world's asleep , and I am now the sandman :) 
Funny how some people think they can get away with anything 
Some bands heal with their songs <3 
" Everybody everybody wants to love 
Everybody everybody wants to be loved 
Oohhhhh oohhhhhh " :) 
Gotta love Ingrid Michaelson <3 
So this thirty day challange sounds very interesting , I think I shall try it :) 
God , I miss my long hairD ' : I still have about two or three inches to grow it until it gets back to where it was ... :( This is going to take forever ! 
And now I am worried ... THANK YOU FOR WORRYING ME AS SOON AS I WAKE UP , MISTER !! 
Ahhh , new classes tomorrow ... which means new people in classes tomorrow ... which means I'm extremely happy :) 
Ahhh ! My history teacher is amazing :) He played the accordian for us !!!! :D By the way ..... Ashlei Yonce loves him too :) 
" You're so hot that to hold your hand , I have to wear oven mits ! " 
Sooo .... my thirty day challange is going to take a lot more than thirty days ... 
Korean dramas are amazing :) 
Who's going to the Euless Band Lock-In ? This kid , right here :) 
Hahaha , it's funny how I can do better in all other languages except english ... 
1st person to like this status : I'll hug any person you tell me to 
2nd person to like this status : I'll marry you on facebook 
3rd person to like this : I'll post " I love you " on your wall 
4th : I'll lend you one of my shirts for a day 
5th : I'll write your name on my arm everyday for one week 
Mucho Mango :) 
I am glad to finally say that I am done . 
It's funny how people say they will fight , and then they run once it gets difficult for them . 
Ahhh ! Today's the perfect day to take pictures :O 
Arg ! I have the urge to travel :/ 
" Do you know what PM means ? " 
" Dad , I'm not a little kid anymore . It means pissed at men syndrome " 
<3 
Best part about being the hose person when washing cars ? Drowning all of those stupid wasps :) 
:'( I miss the days where I enjoyed the morning . 
I LOVE TORI !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I love Invader Zim :) 
Just saw Day Breakers O.o That movie is really odd 
Sometimes I hate ignorant , selfish men 
Most of us have at least 200 friends on facebook , but when it comes down to needing a friend to talk to how many will actually be there for you ? I can guarantee not even 15 of your " friends " will like this . Like my status if you'll be there for me . Set this as your status and see who will be there for you . ( : 
Curse insomnia :( 
Looks like I may be going to UNT for up to my Bachelor's degree O.O 
How can you throw a birthday party if the birthday boy is AT HOME DX 
It's funny when your dad wakes you up at 12:30 am to see if you want to order pizzaXD 
My brain tells me I should be tired , but my body just says to GO ! :( 

.... dang 
Ahhhh , the satisfaction of passing off half of your music in one sitting :) Now to just conquer the march ... >.< 
Samuel Park ! 
.... you're amazing at piano :) 
I love my history class :) 
SINGLE or NOT , put this as your status & see how many you get . INBOX ONLY : 
? = i want a relationship wit you 
:) = i like you a lot 
:( = i miss you .. 
:P = inbox me sometime so we can get to know each other ... 
:D = your a cutie 
: -* = i love you 
;O = i want you but cant have you 
:[ = I'm stupid for leaving you 
</3 = You played me 
Repost If Yuu Are Brave Enough 
I JUST FOUND OUT THAT THEY HAVE MY FAVORITE ANIME ON NETFLIX INSTANT CUE !!!!! HIP HIP HURRAY !!! 
It's official , Ingrid Michaelson makes the best music for wedding songs :) <3 
I just found out that UCLA has a very large psychology department :3 Me likey 
The worse pain of being a girl - tweezing your eyebrowsT T.T T 
I get to bake all day :) It feels like old times :3 
MY BREAD WON'T FREAKING RISE !!!!! WHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY T T.T T 
Rio was an adorable movie :) 
JanDi got kidnapped !!! :O WHAT ?!?!?!?! 
I've done all I can for now :) I still feel accomplished :D 
So .... I sorta stole Karen Gutierrez's domo hat >:) 
Ughhh , how can you do a good " in love " picture if you're not in loveT T.T T 
I have decided ! I am using my chocolate chip cookie and turkey stir fry recipes for the Zebra Zine :) 
Ahhh , the joys of calling myself a buisnesswoman :) 
Gotta love my saxy seniors :) 
It's official , I'm playing Queen of the Night aria by Mozart for solo competition :) 
Hahaha , just for his sake , I love Ben Cameron above all of the saxy seniorsXD 
Mike Chang always brightens up my day :) 
I JUST FINISHED !!!!! 
I feel special now :D 
And now I'm wide away ... FML 
Ahhh , I eat yogurt like no other :) 
I've noticed , there are a lot of comic based movies coming out .... and those end up being the best ... who ever said that comics were boring ? :) 
Nasikia siyo kawaida O.O 
I official love Kenny G . ' s saxophone .... it's so .... shiny ! :O 
Gotta love band kids , especially when they get my laptop's webcamXD Lacy Elizabeth Sword , you are adorable and brighten up my day :D <3 
If you take the twilight out of Robert Patinson , he's actually a pretty good actor ! 
" Life is the messy bits " 
I found a bug that wasn't supposed to be there on my back this morning >.< I'm scared ! 
Hahaha , I think it's about time I uploaded everythingXD 
I miss you , Mark Scott ! 
I want to reinact the League of the Extraordinary Saxophones !!! :O It'd be awesomesause :) 
According to Jose Sandoval , my name is Tohru HondaXD 
I'm so going to miss my saxy section leaders : l Kourtney Wilcox and Alejandro Alvarado , you shall be missed!:'( 
Hehehe , only at Connor's house would Natalie , Keelan , Connor and I be on our laptops at the same timeXD 
Cow !!!!!! 
So I played through my jazz music ... kinda odd O.O 
How you can tell I'm bored , and band obsessed : I wrote a poem about Icarus . 
I don't like how they changed it to where you have your history pop up with that person ... some history is best left unvisited -_- 
Watching Meet the Robinsons with a cup of Earl Grey tea after five hours of cleaning is really rewarding :) 
Oh sweet baby jesus , I do love me some Robert Downey Jr. :) 
oh my gosh , the chocolate covered strawberry coffee from racetrack is AWAZING 
