it feels great to back in singapore 
wishes DEAREST MUSTIKA a happy birthday ! (: 
is looking forward to OUR movie date (: 
cant wait to meet BFF tomorrow (: 
misses her darling girlfriends ): 
i miss Nural Adnan tonnes larhh ): 
What would my mama do . If she knew ‘bout me and you ? What would my daddy say . If he saw me hurt this way ? 
finally , say gdbye 2 long hair . hopefully all my probs & troubles wud go away as well . always cut hair wen stressed out . sigh 
perfect location , perfect setting , perfect company , perfect atmosphere . 1 word 2 describe 2dae ? PERFECT (: 
goshh its been daes already . fever , flu , running nose , cough , sore throat , migraine , plz go far far away . 
feels gd 2 be bck in spore . home swit home (: 
OMG my feet is totally aching from walking in heels e whole day ! bt it was definitely an enjoyable one nvrtheless . (: 
needs to get well soon 
i miss you . 
leaving for KL . be bck in a wik or two . tata ! 
cant help but overthink too much 
congrats Sezairi Sezali for winning e crown ! u deserved it better den any1 else . u make us proud ! (: 
congrats @Sezairi Sezali for winning e crown ! u deserved it better den any1 else . u make us proud ! (: 
dont let insomnia consumes you again 
filtering my friends ' list . its about time . 
; curse me inside , for every word that caused you to cry . 
dearest beloved sister of mine , Dayang Hidayah , happy 22nd love . may u be blessed wif evrytng beautiful in lyf . ? u akak ! (: 
you know you ? me as much as i ? you 
; your presence confuse me . should i ask you to stay or go . 
happy birthday Abdul Rahman Zainal Abidin , Nurfarahin Mohd Amin , Hani San , Shaabrina Roslan & Charissa Loi ! (: 
; I never want to play the games that people play . I never want to hear the things they gotta say . 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BELOVED FATHER , DARLING BFF Nural Adnan & CUZZY Dann Fershizzae ! 
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY BELOVED MOTHER & FATHER ! MAY YOUR LOVE LAST TILL ETERNITY . LOVE YOU BOTH <33 
; I laugh myself to sleep . Its my lullaby . 
; I wanna scream . it makes me feel alive . 
; sometimes I get so weird . I even freak myself out . 
; so knock me off my feet . come on now give it to me . anything to make me feel alive . 
; let down your defenses . use no common sense . 
; is it enough to love ? is it enough to breathe ? is it enough to die ? somebody save my life . 
; to walk within the lines , would make my life so boring . I want to know that I have been to the extreme . 
; I'd rather be anything but ordinary please . 
NOTE TO SELF : no more shopping siitee . uve spent enuf on 2day to last u e whole wik , or mayb mnth . tsk tsk 
; I refused to give up . I refused to give in . 
; maybe I didn't know how to show it . and maybe I didn't know what to say . 
; what I got to do to make you love me ? what I got to do to make you care ? what I got to do to make you want me ? 
; if you look you will see that this world is a beautiful , accident , turbulent , succulent , opulent , permanent , no way 
; late at night I'm still wide awake . feel this is far more than I can take . I thought my heart could never break . now I know that's one big mistake . 
; you used to love me , you used to hug me . but that wasn't the case . everything wasn't ok . 
; out of my mind . nothing makes sense anymore . 
; so if I did something wrong , please tell me . I wanna understand . 
; am I just some chick you place beside you to take somebody's place ? when you turn around can you recognize my face ? 
; I was left to cry there , waiting outside there , grinning with a lost stare . 
; why should I care ? if you don't care then I don't care . we're not going anywhere . 
; didn't you feel me lock my arms around you ? why'd you turn away ? 
; are you aware of what you make me feel , baby ? right now I feel invisible to you , like I'm not real . 
HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY DARLING BFF Nural Adnan , GF Fadie Bellamy , GF Ayu Rangga , GF HazimaH Saini , GF Siti Nur Hajar Radzuan & GF Atika Ramli ? 
had an awesome day wif BFF Nural Adnan today ! we shud do it agn babe . im lyking e movie marathon . LOL 
; open your eyes . open up wide . 
thnks darling Nural Adnan , Fadie Osman & Siti Nur Hajar Radzuan for gg dwn memory lane wif me 2day . i really appreciate e company . i didnt noe i miss sch dat much , until 2day happened . u gerls r e best larhh ! much ? gf (: 
; sometimes I drive so fast . just to feel the danger . 
; and ever since the day you left me here alone , I've been trying to find the reason why . 
; if its wrong to tell the truth . then what am I supposed to do . when all I want to do is speak my mind . 
; why should I care ? cause you weren't there when I was scared , I was so alone . 
; somebody rip my heart out , and leave me here to bleed . 
happy birthday dear fren Syaheed Abdul Aziz & lil sis Nurul Atiqa Zulkifni (: 
; what I got to do to be heard ? what do I say when it's all over ? 
; you need to listen . I'm starting to trip , I'm losing my grip and I'm in this thing alone . 
; if everything was everything . but everything is over . everything could be everything . if only we were older . 
happy chinese new year to all my chinese friends & for all the others , happy holidays (: 
happy 21st birthday cuzzy dear , Sulaiman White Sheckler (: 
| To my dearest friend , Afeeq Reef , happy 19th ? / Enjoy ur last teenage year while u still can & do have a blast ! (: 
; HAPPY BIRTHDAY DEAR FRIEND Harun Rashid & Eira Eriana (: 
; even when you're surrounded with so many people around you , why do you still feel all alone . loneliness and emptiness still consumes you no matter what . 
; Happy 23rd Anniversary Beloved Father & Mother ? 
retail theraphy hasnt felt this good (: 
; dont be dismayed at goodbyes . a farewell is necessary before you can meet again . and meeting again after moments or lifetimes , is certain for those who are friends . 
; My heart is telling me that you could be my meant to be . I know it more each time we touch . 
; I'd tell you sad stories about my childhood . I don't know why I trusted you but I knew that I could . 
; sometimes I love you , sometimes you make me blue . sometimes I feel good , at times I feel used . loving you darling , makes me so confused . 
is missing her bitches Syafiqah Threenine & Nora Amir . its been so long since we last hang out together . is it so hard to plan a damn dinner date or even just meet up for drinks ? come on ladies , im sure we can do better ! 
; If it ain’t coming out . We’re not going anywhere . So why can’t I just tell you that I care . 
; I'm through accepting limits . ' Cause someone says they're so . Some things I cannot change . But till I try , I'll never know . 
; in e process of filtering friends list . so far ive deleted quite a number , still got loads more to go . if u havent been in contact with me for more den 6 months or we havent interacted before , most prolly u'll be deleted too . im sorry , but im limiting my fb accnt to those dat truly matters (: 
; another loved one has passed away . it makes you wonder how short life actually is . may your soul be blessed . rest in peace dear uncle . amin . 
; happy 15th birthday darling lil sis Dewi Amalina ? 
Happy 10th birthday dearest little sister Puteri Sabariah <3 
; Everyone is changing , there's no one left that's real , to make up your own ending , and let me know just how you feel . 
; just realized someting .. OMG sooo many photos to upload ! 
Revenge of the Mummy was awesome ! We rode it thrice , yet still wants to go for more rounds . Haha 
; You look so dumb right now . Standing outside my house . Trying to apologize . You're so ugly when you cry . Please , just cut it out . 
; Dreams of when we had just started things . Dreams of you and me . 
; It seems that I can't shake those memories . I wonder if you have the same dreams too . 
; damn I looked like an evil vampire with these red eyes -.-" 
; What’s wrong with my tongue . These words keep slipping away . I stutter , I stumble . Like I’ve got nothing to say . 
; It didn’t do me any good . It’s just a waste of time . 
; Im staring at my feet . My cheeks are turning red . Im searching for the words inside my head . 
; Fall back , take a look at me . And you'll see I'm for real . I feel what only I can feel . And if that don't appeal to you . Let me know . And I'll go . 
; Cause I flow , better when my colors show . And that's the way it has to be , honestly . Cause creativity could never bloom , in my room . 
; I know its not right , but it seems unfair . That the things are reminding me of you . 
; Sometimes I wish we could just pretend . Even if only for one weekend . 
; If you're trying to turn me into someone else . Its easy to see I'm not down with that . I'm not nobody's fool . 
; If you're trying to turn me into something else . I've seen enough and I'm over that . I'm not nobody's fool . 
; I wonder what you're doing . imagine where you are . there's oceans in between us . but that's not very far . 
; sometimes she puts up walls not to keep others out , but to see who ares enough to break em down . 
; What use is it to you . What’s on my mind . 
; and I remember when you started calling me your miss's . all the play , fighting , all the flirtatious disses . 
; If I could see what I want to see . I want to see you go down on one knee . 
; Just try to figure out . Exactly what I'm about . If its with or without you . I don't need you doubting me . 
should stop procrastinating and start doing assignments . tsk 
; To find you're here for . Open another door . But I'm not sure anymore . It's just so hard . 
; He don't want it . Not like you want it . Scheming and cheating . Oh why do you , waste your time . You know he ain't right . 
; You don't know what you lost . And you wont realize , till I'm gone . That I was the one . Which one of us , is really done . 
; looking 4rwd to meet all e awesome GFs later , see u ladies at my hse soon <3 
Universal Studios is super pack with humans ! 
; The littlest things that take me there . I know it sounds lame but its so true . 
; But you put on quite a show . Really had me going . But now it's time to go . Curtain's finally closing . 
; But do you give a damn ? Understand ? That I can't not be what I am . 
is back to popping pills . 
; loving you is not just luck or illusion . it's not by chance we make the perfect solution . we got the answers but there's no explanation . 
; u have never been in love , until you've seen the stars . and u have never been in love , until you've seen the dawn rise . u have never been in love , until you've seen the sunlight thrown . 
; happy birthday darling dearest beloved sister Dayang Hidayah , adeq <3 u loads akak ! 
; every little thing u do , makes me fall in love with u . every little thing u say , makes me want to feel this way . 
; You don't know , you think you know me like yourself . But I fear , that you're only telling me what I wanna hear . 
; Its not a simple hearing but not so soon . I might've fallen for that when I was fourteen , and a little more green . But its amazing what a couple of years could mean . 
; what if you wasted love and our love in time disappeared , and the sad song ends up being the last song you'll ever hear ? what if we left every moment that we have spared , and the perfect song ends up being the last song you'll ever hear ? 
; This is stupid . I'm not stupid . Don't talk to me . Like I'm stupid . 
; So come on . Tell me . Is this the end ? 
; Trying to make this work . But you act like a jerk . Silly of me to keep . Holding on . But the dunce cap is off . 
; we'd spend the whole weekend lying in our own dirt . I was just so happy in your boxers and your t-shirt . 
: Everything's so blurry and everyone's so fake and everybody's empty and everything is so messed up 
; I'd throw it all away before I lie . So don't call me with a compromise . Hang up the phone . I've got a backbone stronger than yours . 
; Some say it’s not over ‘till it’s over . Guess this is really over now . There’s something I gotta say before I let you go . Listen . 
; Dear Salihin Zainal , Happy 21st ? 
; you could be my someone , you could be my scene . you know that i'll protect you , from all of the obscene . 
; gosh , haven't had this much laughter for so long . it felt awesome to be able to laugh to my heart contents (: 
; Would you be laughing out loud . If I played to my own crowd . 
; teacher's day dinner at Swensens with LV @GR colleagues (: 
; Dear Asyraf G Bin Ghazali , Happy 21st ? 
; In your eyes , I feel your fire burn . Oh your secrets I will learn , even if it takes forever . 
; Guess , Im wishing my life away . With these things I’ll never say . 
; With you by my side , I can do anything . I don't care what tomorrow brings , as long as we're together . 
; I still love you . But I just cant do this . I may be dumb . But I'm not stupid . 
; Go ahead and try . Try and look me in the eye . But you'll never see inside . Until you realize , things are trying to settle down . 
; Im feeling nervous . Trying to be so perfect . ' Cause I know you’re worth it . 
; My new nickname , is such an idiot . That's what my friends , are calling me when . They see me yelling , into my phone . 
; If I could say what I want to say . I'd say I wanna blow you away . 
; Be with you every night . Am I squeezing you too tight . 
; what you would do if I gave you a chance to make things right . I still love you but I just can't do this . they're telling me let go , he is not the one . I thought I saw your potential , guess that's what made me dumb . trying to make this work , but you act like a jerk . silly of me to keep holding on . 
; Telling me this . I don't wanna listen . But you insist . On repeatedly trying . To tell me lies . And I just don't know why . 
; Happy 6 years to us , dearest lil bro Muhammad Ihsan ? May we hav e many more yrs to come (: 
; what kind of man that you are , if you're a man at all . well I will figure this one out , on my own . 
; Don't tell me you're sorry cause you're not . Baby when I know you're only sorry you got caught . 
| Sophie Eusofe , Sitz Ahmad , Bonita Liz , Mohamed Reza & Sid Kyn ; do upload e photos asap . cant wait ! (: 
; Im tugging at my hair . Im pulling at my clothes . Im trying to keep my cool . I know it shows . 
; on MC today T.T 
; If I stay , would you put an end to all the games you play ? Can you promise me that you will never stray ? Has to be a new beginning from today , only way I will stay . 
; Let me know , stay or go . 
; I just came to see . What you would do if I . Gave you a chance . To make things right . 
; Something happens when you look at me I forget to speak . Something happens when you kiss my mouth my knees get so weak . 
; damn i really feel like tearing up . goodness T.T 
; Told me this would be nothing . But a waste of time . And she was right . 
; sometimes I find myself sitting back and reminiscing . especially when I have to watch other people kissing . 
; And the award for . The best liar goes to you . For making me believe . That you could be faithful to me . 
yesterday's dinner at Roszy's Tiffin House with IMD GFs was an awesome event . thanks to Nural Adnan , Fadie Osman , Ayu Rangga , HazimaH Saini , Siti Nur Hajar Radzuan , Atika Ramli , Numie Tuah , Erfa Kz & Noraisyah Suyiudi for making it possible . <3 u ladies to bits ! (: 
; e zoo & night safari outing yest wif Nural Adnan , Fadie Osman , Ayu Rangga , HazimaH Saini , Siti Nur Hajar Radzuan , Atika Ramli & Numie Tuah was a blast . thanks ladies , for sparing e time & contributing effort in making it a successful one . girlfriends , i ? u all (: 
; happy 75th dear lil bro . 
; happy teacher's day to all teachers , lecturers & professors (: 
; When I was feeling down , you made that face you do . There's no one in the world that could replace you . 
; So many nights I asked the Lord above . Please make me lucky enough to find a love that lingers . 
; If you wanna bring me down . Go ahead and try . 
; Kau hancurkan aku dengan sikapmu . Tak sadarkah kau telah menyakitiku . 
; Something keeps telling me that you could be my answered prayer . You must be heaven sent , I swear . 
; They tell me let go . He is not the one . I thought I saw your potential . Guess that's what made me dumb . 
; Could it be true , is this what God has meant for me ? ' Cause baby I can't believe . That something like you , could happen to me . 
; That was quite a show . Very entertaining . But it's over now . Go on and take a bow . 
; But if I go , this will be the final curtain of the show . You have lost the best thing you've ever known . Guess you have to learn to make it on your own . 
will be filtering FB friend's list soon . so either you talk or you're off the list . 
; burning e midnight oil , another sleepless night yet agn * shrugs * 
; I wake up in the morning . Put on my face . The one that's gonna get me . Through another day . Doesn't really matter . How I feel inside . ' Cause life is like a game sometimes . 
; The first time that you introduced me to your friends . And you could tell I was nervous , so you held my hand . 
; happy birthday beloved brothers Abdul Hafiz Bin Mazelan & Muhammad Syukri ? 
is back to popping pills . sigh . 
; Life is too short to stress yourself with people who don't even deserve to be an issue in your life . 
; But then you came around me . The walls just disappeared . Nothing to surround me . And keep me from my fears . I'm unprotected . See how I've opened up . You've made me trust . 
; So many times I thought I held it in my hands . But just like grains of sand . Love slipped through my fingers . 
; I'm trying to remember . Why I was afraid . 
To be myself and let the , covers fall away . I guess I never had someone 
like you . To help me fit , in my skin . 
; gosh , retail theraphy never felt this awesome . it does help relieves the stress and problem you're having . 
; People need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure & it's not contagious . They only want what we all want , to be accepted . Most of 
you probably won't copy and paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week , and this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help & understanding . 
; all I need is you needing me the same way I'm needing you 
" Life as We Know it " is a superbly awesome movie , worth watching indeed . I would definitely recommend evry1 to watch it , its two thumbs up ! ohh & thanks Rash Rejabs for a memorable night out yest , really appreciate dat it was sweet & simple (: 
" it's a lie to think you're not good enough , it's a lie to think you're not worth anything " - Nick Vujicic _____*thanks Joe Fiq Topek Pit for making me see reason . it was truly touching , I even teared up watching it . I really appreciate this from the bottom of my heart . hugs * 
happy birthday dearest Muhd Hidayat (: 
thanks Nural Adnan , Ayu Rangga , Fadie Osman , HazimaH Saini , Siti Nur Hajar Radzuan , Atika Ramli for e great raya outing yest ! ? u all so much . next outing , my 21st okays ? haha (: 
; Happy Birthday to Beloved Father , Darling BFF Nural Adnan & Cousin Dearest Mohamad Danial (: 
; being sick is the last thing I need right now , sigh . 
; happy birthday mother dearest , <3 u always ! 
; Because I've never felt like this before , I'm naked around you . Does it show ? You see right through me , and I can't hide . I'm naked around you , and it feels so right 
; Something has changed within me , something is not the same . I'm through with playing by the rules of someone else's game . 
; happy fasting to all my MALAY/MUSLIM family & friends . May we all have a fruitful fasting month ahead (: 
Children with special needs are not ill - it is not contagious . They only want what we want - to be accepted ! Can I make a request to all who are willing to post this - please leave on your status for at least one hour ? It is Special Education Week and this is in honour of all children who need a little extra understan ... ding and love . Let's see how many of my friends will copy , paste and re-post this ! Thank you . 
; why'd you have to go the moment I need you e most . sigh 
; when all is said and done , more is said than done . 
; I know i misbehaved , and you made your mistakes . And we both still got room left to grow . and though love sometimes hurts , I still put you first . 
; first deserve , then desire . ohh how powerfully the magnet of illusion attracts . 
; dear biological clock , you suck to e max . wen im super exhausted & totally drained out , why cant u let me sleep soundly like a baby . but wen i have so many tings to complete , u made my eyes droop wif such heaviness dat i cant even lift em up . i hate u , i really do . tsk 
; happy birthday my darling baby Mustika Mymunah , I <3 u no matter wat (: 
; eid mubarak to all my muslim friends & relatives . hope u have a blissful one , may u be blessed always (: 
; lets not dwell on e past memories or ppl dat are not worthy of being included in ur present or future life . Its better to let go & live life to e fullest (: 
beloved paternal cousins , Sitz Ahmad , Bonita Liz & Sid Kyn , do help me wish those two twin aunties of mine a happy birthday and best wishes (: 
; in the process of filtering her friends list for both cyber & real world . for those who's been idling around without actually being involve in my current life or those who don't matter , do expect to be deleted off soon . i think , it's about due time i do so , no more procrastinating . 
; in my field of paper flowers and candy clouds of lulllaby . I lie inside myself for hours and watch my purple sky fly over me . 
darling BFF Nural Adnan , beloved sisters Dayang Hidayah & Dewi Amalina , PHOTOSHOOT photos are uploaded ! (: 
; I just want me to mean to u like wat u mean to me . 
; Why are you doing this to me , why ? Why do you have to do this to me , make me cry ? Was it enough to throw everything we had ? 
; e super heart to heart talk wif my fav dearest guyfren Rash Iteq at my fav beach yest was worth it . We both definitely need it & shud definitely do it agn sumtym soon (: 
; a hug is all I need . someone to hold me tight & ensure me that everything is okay . 
; Wednesday lunch date & drinks with darling LC girlfriends , movie & dinner date with darling IMD girlfriends . Thursday whole day trip of fun to RWS & Universal Studios with darling BFF . Friday lunch , dinner & whole day trip to favourite beach with dearest guyfriend . Many priceless memories in just 3 consecutive days . Many thanks to those that made it possible , <3 u all lovelies ! 
; I know its silly , but i cant help but tear up T.T 
; such a failure , I am . sigh 
; Yesterday we had Extreme Log Ride Cineblast , Luge/Skyride & MegaZip Flying Fox at Sentosa plus post-xmas mini shopping spree at Vivocity . 
; everything so blurry and everyone's so fake . everyone is changing and there's no one left that's real . 
; u don't know me , don't ignore me . u don't want me there , u just shut me out , make me go away . 
; was torn btwn watching a romance , comedy or action movie so kinda left e decision to e available timing . Fate made a gd choice indeed , TRON was great ! 
; love is a meeting of minds and a beating of hearts . 
; it was a trial , you made a mistake , we know . cant you see you hurt me soo . but why arent you sorry ? 
; my whole day , virgin trip to Universal Studios yest was uber awesome . e rides , e food , e experiences , e souveniors , e company , all was priceless . thanks darling BFF Nural Adnan for making this opportunity a memorable one , ? you loads larh babe (: 
; Eid Mubarak to all my Dearest Friends & Beloved Family . Have a blessed year ahead . Many <3 , xoxo siitee (: 
; happy 32nd birthday my darling gf , my godmum , e queen of mean , Syafiqah Threenine & ohh u too my beloved Singapore , happy 45th (: 
; u give me love . u give me light . u showed me that everything that's been happening really opened up my eyes . 
; sometimes you will never know the true value of a moment until it becomes a memory . 
; just because she comes off strong , doesnt mean she didnt fall asleep crying . and even though she acts like nothing is wrong , maybe she's really good at lying . 
; apparently e infection was worse den I thot . instead of a day , I got 2 days worth of MC . Sigh 
; Merry Christmas to all friends & colleagues who celebrate it (: 
; happy 21st birthday to my darling dearest guyfriend , Rash Rejabs & happy 20th birthday to my beloved godbrother , Muhammad Ihsan <3 
; surrounded by uncertainties , I'm so unsure of . tell me why I feel so alone . because you said that we'd make it through . and when all security fails will you be there to help me through 
; Nor could I ever own what's mine , when you're always taking sides . But you won't take away my pride . No , not this time . 
; INCEPTION was ... dere's no words to describe e movie . I'm speechless n dats totally a gd ting . A movie worth watching n I'm recommending u all to go watch it . 
; somewhere we went wrong . we were once so strong . our love is like a song . 
; a man is known for e company he avoids . don't blame e mirror for your own reflection . 
; I can't imagine any greater fear , than waking up without you here . always know that I would find a way to get to where you are , there's no place that far . 
; e best compasses does not point to true north . 
; ive finally bid farewell to friendster & myspace . shud i do e same for multiply & blogspot too . and just stay wif fb , twitter & tumblr . hmm wat do u tink ? 
; everyone's been giving outstanding reviews for INCEPTION . makes me green with envy & want to watch it myself soon enough -.-" 
; All of the times we were together , and the times we can never be together again . Aren't they wasteful , to you ? Does it not matter to you ? Even now , are you okay without me ? 
; in e end u'll see who's fake , who's true , and who'll risk it all for u . 
; just finished breaking fast wif GFs at Roszy Tiffin House . Very satisfying indeed , i'd recommend it to evry1 . Food is indeed awesome n value for money (: 
; I say I'm leaving , I'm really going . To see if you can live , without me . 
; e day a door is closed , e echoes fill your soul . dey wont say which way to go , just trust ur heart . to find ur here for , open another door . bt Im not sure anymore , its just so hard . 
; hot starbucks coffee on a cold night wif awesome company , really is such a great feeling (: 
; so long and farewell .. 
; missing her darlings & dearies , meet up soon please (: 
; maybe me leaving e country is for e best . I think I badly need this break frm everything . Farewell & so long den . 
; love will make you forget time & time will make you forget love . 
; how did we get here . I used to know u so well . 
; being with you is so dysfuntional . Im not suppose to miss you but I cant let u go . 
; image makeover & photoshoot with beloved sisters Dayang Hidayah , Dewi Amalina & darling BFF Nural Adnan was super fun . cant wait for e photos to be developed , stay tuned ! <3 
; 7 years ago , on this very day ... * nostalgic moment * 
; letting go of the things we once love is not a sign of weakness or that you are giving up , its to show that we understand things are just not meant to be . 
happy 21st siitee . ur a year older nw . hopefully things will get better this upcoming yr ahead . to my darling twinnie , Diana Ishak , happy 21st to u too babe (: 
; better to know and be disappointed , than to never know and always wonder . 
; I just came to see what you would do if I gave you a chance to make things right . 
( cont'd ) thanks Erfa Kz , Julie Oolie Oolie , Numie Tuah , Alif Washburn for e great raya outing yest ! ? u all so much . next outing , my 21st okays ? haha (: 
; no matter what my mind recalls . I see your face and I know that you will always be there . just wanna know how you're doing these days . didn't mean to cause you any pain . I'm so deeply sorry . 
had deleted those who didnt matter . should have done this ages ago though . what a relieve . 
; its really comforting knowing that there are still those people who actually mean it when they say they will be there for you whenever you need them , and not just saying that they are concern about you yet in fact those concerns are merely just words . and simply for that , I'm truly grateful to have those awesome people in my life , no matter how shitty it gets . you know who you are <3 
darling Ajin Ardilles , happy birthday <3 
; been feeling hot & cold all at e same time . is dat normal ? 
; so I made it , eventhough someone told me this would be nothing but a waste of time and he was right 
; Had an awesome day out at Sentosa & mini shopping spree at Vivocity with BFF Nural Adnan , Lil Sis Dewi Amalina & Lil Bro Umar Diesalone <3 
; how can I decide what's right , when you're clouding up my mind ? I cant win your losing fight , all the time . 
missing bestie badly , hope ur doing well in a foreign land my dear . u take care of urself okays ): 
; Just turn around . It hurts me too much . I don't want to see you anymore . 
; as e date it all started gets nearer by day , I kept getting more & more flashbacks of e past . making all e memories of those times fresh & clear in my mind . 
; AWESOME DISPLAY OF FIREWORKS ! (: 
lunch date at Manhattan Fish Market , mini picnic/bday celebration & e trip to Sentosa Spooktacular wif GFs Nural Adnan , Ayu Rangga & Siti Nur Hajar Radzuan was super duper exciting . loads of laughing , screaming & shouting our lungs out . overall , an awesome day indeed <3 u ladies ! 
; alhamdulillah , finally success is attained . thanks for all e well wishes , really appreciate em (: 
; happy new year everyone ! Lets say our gdbyes to 2010 & welcome 2011 with open arms (: 
; I was being fooled , thanks . All this while , I didn't even know who you actually were . But I finally know now . You don't know love , so don't claim you do . It sickens the rest of us , pathetic really . 
; holiday mode ON , assignment mode OFF . 
; Yesterday we had an extreme splashing good time at Downtown East with loads of swimming , riding e waves & downing e multiple slides . 
was digging thru my hard disk n found so many stuffs dat i barely rmbr bout . e old photos do bring bck memories of e gd old days . i managed to hav a few luffs browsing thru em . wow , time really flies by real fast . we're all grown up nw , carving our own paths 2wards e future . 
; in this cold cold weather , how I long for my hot caramel macchiato frm starbucks (: 
; ibadlywannagoretailtheraphyprettyplease ! 
shud bear in mind to always upload photos at arnd diz time of e night . uploading was a breeze , no network prob . awesome , really . haha 
; Had another fun-tastic outing today at Wild Wild Wet with BFF Nural Adnan , Lil Sis Dewi Amalina , Lil Bro Umar Diesalone , Lil Cousins Amirah Rashid & Dianah Abdul Rashid <3 
; Salam Maulidur Rasul to all Muslims . Let us all be thankful for diz day . I was lucky enuf to have e same Islamic birthdate as our beloved Prophet pbuh . 
; happy 24th anniversary to beloved Father & Mother <3 plus happy birthday to dearest old friend Abdul Rahman Zainal Abidin & lil sis Shaabrina Roslan (: 
; Will the angel or the devil , die in ecstasy ? There's something coming over you , come over me . Falling in love is never easy , ' cause they're so good . I'm so bad , so let's get ugly . 
; I feel something over me . And try to run away from the demons that haunted me . No place to hide . 
; Now a whisper's calling me . And why does my skin crawl , with the pain of insanity ? 
; Tell me what's going on ? I know there's something on your mind . Can you just open up ? 
; Seen the change , watching it fade . Holding my breath , feeling it fail . 
; Not easy to say , harder to do . Working it hard , wondering why . Cant fix it now , so why even try . 
; There's not a chance , there's not a prayer . Cant pull a miracle out of the air . 
; Hiding wont hide it , smiling wont hide it . Everyone's tried it now , and failed somehow . 
; Hating wont do it , denying wont do it . Crying wont drown it out , what you said . 
; meeting BFF in a lil bit . damn I miss hanging out wif her sia . long time neva go out for movie dates ): 
; Adjustment Bureau is awesome shit . Wasn't expecting anything less frm e director of Inception . I'd highly recommend u to catch it (: 
; If life is a battlefield , then there's so many dangers . Just when you think its okay , it blows up in your face . 
; We try , we fall , and we live another day . We went for the sky , fell down low and flew too high . But still survived . 
; learning is a continuous journey . you're never too old to learn . you're learning something new every moment you live . 
; We loved to dream aloud , with both feet on the ground . But where's the sense in that ? We'd never get it back . 
; It seems so far away , but so close . Its there for us to take , when most would waste it . 
; You are the sunshine that makes my day . And I wont let them take that away . 
; Don't love in black and white , do we ? Its just another fight to me . If we don't take it on , we wont get far . 
; He aims a smile and he's not afraid to use it . He holds my gaze just long enough for me to feel like I'm gonna lose it . 
; He knows what he's doing to me and he knows when he calls , I'll fall for him every time . Cause Im wrapped around his perfect little finger , he is my weakness . 
; I know it might sound crazy but I don't wanna let go . Now I don't mind spending every night if he doesn't let go . 
; A look from him is like oxygen , how would I keep breathing without him ? He breaks a hole as he looks away , now my heart skip beating without him . 
; Happy 24th Anniversary Beloved Mother & Father . May u both be blessed with many more wonderful years together . Many <3 from all your 6 children (: 
; rain rain go away . come agn sum other day . 
; CONGRATS Nural Adnan Ayu Rangga Siti Nur Hajar Radzuan Numie Tuah & Nurhidayah Bte Zainal Alam ! TODAY WAS A SUCCESS . BE PROUD OF OURSELVES ' CAUSE WE MANAGED TO PULL THROUGH DESPITE THE LACK OF IDEAS , DISTRACTED BY FOOD , FAN TOO STRONG , LEG CRAMPS AND SO ON . OVERALL , IT WAS AN AWESOME GOOD TIME . LADIES , WE SHOULD HAVE MORE OF THESE OUTINGS EHH . ???! 
