I've got to follow my heart No matter how far I've gotta roll the dice Never look back and never think twice 
only like 5 days till Harry Potter comes out !!!!!!! yea !!!!!!! 
Alicia's coming over tommorrow and then we go see harry potter and maybe watch john williams tribute for the millionth time !!!!!!!!!! :) 
bored so much I'm actually looking forward to school 
Michael Jackson Is DEAD !!!!!!!!!!!!!! He had a heart attack !!!!!!!!!! This might be mean but ..... yea !!!!!! little boys of the world are safe again !!!!!! 
not to mention the pincers ( click click click click click click ) 
I hate the day . Night is sooo much cooler . 
David Tennant is almost done with Doctor Who .......... soo sad * tear * 
Happy Brithday day Shelby and everyone else who's b-day is today !!!!!!!!!!!! 
totally excited for sunday 
Cut my life into pieces .... This is my last resort 
Went to Hinder/Papa Roach concert last night !!! Papa Roach was AWESOME !!!! 
I'm going roll n ' roll all night and party every day . 
got back from having an awesome time with my friends ........ and ..... emily 
still at Alicia's only got like an hour of sleep . watched 6 moives and the one i fell asleep to was Twilight I find that funny 
lalalalalalalalalalalalalalala ............... i hate school .......... lalalalalalalalalalalala 
Great I'm stuck on an elevator with 5 men on high-protein diets .... my dreams are coming true . - Ryan Reynolds lol ! 
I will forgive but I won't forget . I hope you know you've lost my respect . - Papa Roach 
totally got updated on my favorite youtube videos now listening to lotr songs 
at my grandma's right now then ging to Amber's b day party !!!!!!!! 
school tomorrow * cries * need Lord of the Rings Extened Cut no matter that they aren't sold anymore i need it !!!!!!! 
random day was awesome i was rockin out to music all day !!!!! 
is really really really really really bored ........ needs to sing a song 
dude tommorow will be totally awesome . 
I gotta thing for you . And I think it's kinda crazy , ' Cause I know that you have someone true , Wonderin ' where you were last night . I gotta thing for you . And I know the night was hazy , But I still remember wakin ' up and kissin ' your head one more time ... For now I'll say goodbye But don't think we're through , I gotta thing for you ... - Hinder 
Oy , finally done with Aladdin !!!!!!! nNo more dressing up like a man !!!!!! 
I'm so sick of hearing Aladdin songs everyday . 
today was awesome pretty sure juniors have the best hallway !!!!!!! 
Well , I'm alive when I'm vulnerable I'm out of control , I'm losing my soul I'm alive when I'm vulnerable I'm out of control , I'm losing my soul So I climb to the top just to fall to the bottom 
waiting for the dance tonight ............. going to be the only girl with dress pants on but that will be awesome !!!!!!!!!!! 
just got back home and gonna have to leave in a bit to go food shopping ...... fantastic 
only one more day to go 
bored bored bored bored bored bored 
Dumbledore : What do you really want ? Malfoy : Hermione Granger ! And a rocketship to Mars 
only two more days to go 
didn't watch the football game had better stuff to do like watch Top Gear 
just got done with heidelberg ...... loved SF ! :) 
just heard they're planning on making a 4th Pirates of the Caribbean movie . excited yet nervous about it at the same time 
tryin to do a emo icon face but can't figure it out on here stupid facebook 
WhThe facebook trick- " Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , Enter key then right click Then press up then down & Magic circles will appear ! The only way to stop it is to log off or reload the page ... IT WILL WORK ! Put this as your status is IF IT WORKED FOR YOU ! ( it really does work)at's on your mind 
Can't wait for Friday !!!!!!! 
He bowed courteously to the communicative townsman , and whispering a few words to his Indian attendant , they both made their way through the crowd . Nathaniel Hawthorne , The Scarlet Letter 
pretty sure Black Sheep is my new favorite movie . Team Spock all the way !!!! 
dyed my hair last night and its totally awesome !! . // 
drama practice tomorrow !!!!! plus wxow concert so busy 
got back from Lewiston , had a blast , should go to bed but i'm way to hopped up and COOKIES !!!!!!!! 
love snow days , hate shoveling 
Harry Potter comes out July 15 !!!!!! Im soooooooooooo excited !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Every one needs to stop being obessed with Twilight ! The books were good but please any girl who sees this no going to the moive just so you can stare ( and drool ) at Robert and Taylor the whole time , and no awwww-ing that's annoy 
wacthing my new movie ( one of ) thanx everyone who wished my a happy b-day ! 
i hate school , need to go on a vaction 
Mahna Mahna , do doo do do do , mahna mahna , do do do do , mahna mahna , do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do ! 
just a few more days till christmas break 
concert tonight was awesome !!! 
at my grandma's house watching cousins play their new wii game ( some people get all the luck ) waiting to go home and unpack all my new presents 
YAAY ! another full day of watching movies and being on the computer ! 
really need to go shopping with the giftcards i got 
done with semesters for another few months YAAAY ! 
can't wait for tuesday but it's gonna take forever to get here 
School is school . can't wait for Drama auditions for Aladdin 
So , whats the point of living up to everyone's expectations of you when all they do is let you down ? 
" Vince , this is difficult for me , but i feel like I should say it . I love , Vince . What you doing ? " " Nothing . " " Are you laughing ? " " No . " " You better not be laughing at me now . I'm telling you I love you how dare you laugh at me . " " You're making me laugh . " " That is so humiliating . " " You just caught me off guard . " " Really ? " " Yeah , it was out of the blue . " " I'm telling you I love you and you're laughing at me . " 
Bouncy Bouncy Oh such a good time Bouncy Bouncy Shoes all in a line Bouncy Bouncy Everybody summersault , summersault Summertime Everybody sing along Bouncy Bouncy oh such a good time Bouncy Bouncy White socks slipping down Bouncy Bouncy Styletos are a no no Bouncy Bouncy oh Bouncy Bouncy oh Everytime i bounce i feel i could touch the skyee 
Stickleback , Stickeleback , Stickleback , bourjouis . Cresty in the bingo hall , running like a china horse . Mmn p-ta masala , Mmn p-ta masala . Kentish town , Kentish town , yeah ! Kentish town , Kentish town , no ! 
in madison , got a new shirt at the mall from a store called forever 21(all styles from europe ) then i got a new hat from claire's then today got a new moive ( the breakfast club ) so far a pretty good trip . i am missing my freedom of watching the mighty boosh tho ;) 
" Day 12 . Vince dead . All is lost . All alone . Wind my only friend . " " I hate you . " " Shut up wind ! " 
Got my prom dress today !!! it's totally awesome ! 
got all the theatre make-up off yaaaay ! i just can't wait for this weekend for more of it !!! >:( 
99% of teenagers 
would cry if they saw Justin Bieber standing on top of a skyscraper 
about to jump . If you are the 1% sitting there with popcornand 3D 
glasses , screaming " DO A BACKFLIP ! " , copy and paste this as your status . 
so close ..... but no :( 
Help !!! can someone plz tell me what theis 19 is for HCT I totally forgot mine at school !!!!!! :'( 
Seether Concert Tomorrow ! we either need to to sit just off of the pit or find people we know to protect us in the pit :\ 
one more week of absolutely nothing to do :| 
Yaay malwarebytes is awesome ! had the worst hacker case ever . it wouldn't let me on the internet for how many days . thanx Jeff for helping :) 
Drama is over until next year ................. can't wait :) 
remembers when kid's cartoons were good .... shows like Thundercats , Ghostbusters , Inspector Gadget etc . 
i'm bored . are you bored ? cause i'm bored . 
1 more day of classes :D 
Baccano ! 
just got back from Knight Revue !!!! it was awesome :D 
school is over ................ and i have nothing to do .......... let's have a party ! 
semesters tomorrow .... should study ....... :\ 
Wednesday : Mall of America ! 
SF tryouts are over ........ alot of high energy people put in one room for an hour ? always a blast :) 
last test tomorrow .... yaah ! then its going to some grad parties this weekend ! :D 
Thanx to all who wished me a happy birthday so far .... oh in case you didn't get my message my birthday party has been cancelled i'm gonna see how nest week turns out 
Had a blast last night ! we're gonna miss you seniors ! 
just got home from helping the Bethany guys take everything down ..... overall , best Tuesday night ever :) 
countries to visit : England , Ireland , Scotland ( basically the UK ) , Japan , New Zealand , and Australia 
Avatar the Last Airbender was awesome ! Not prefectly accurate but still very good :D 
is thankful Craig Ferguson is on youtube :D 
my last day of freedom ....... :'( 
the more i think about my ACT score the more i think about college , the more i think about college the more i think about my major , the more i think about my major the more i think about theatre , the more i think about theatre the more i think about doing voice acting for animes 
* sigh * so much anime so little time :D 
as of right now i meet the freshman requirements for UTA . awesome 
doesn't understand why MY future , MY life must b agreed upon by the entire world and every mistake i make is treated like it will bring on the apocalypse 
needs a job ...... badly 
school :\ 
recite the german alphabet in 20 secs ........ sure pastor lisk :'( stupid umlauts 
you know that feeling when you should do something important but you always put it off later and later ....... yeah :( 
off to break my ' no-studying-for-english-rule ! thanx alot brit lit :( 
How is a raven like a writing desk ? 
sitting back watching Doctor Who .... a good night tonight 
just got my acceptance letter from Bethany today !! :D 
Thanx to the encounter with Bri's heater ....... :( I now have a new coat :D 
sigh 
so college students in england are rioting because tuition will be 9000 pounds next year ........... about $14000 .... right 
I just said the whole mega test to my mom ....... 100% right ! 
the halls were quiet today .... kind of nice :) 
The Seussification of Romeo and Juliet ... pure genius ... look it up on youtube :) 
got my prom dress today .... and there was much rejoicing 
Howard : Do you know anything about the arctic ? 
Vince : Not really , no . 
Howard : Well luckily I do . I studied it in depth , you know , I read books pamphlets . Ask me a question ? 
Vince : Do you like hammocks ? 
