Stressed but lovin all the great people in my life . 
Losers , losers , losers . F*ckin A man ! They are everywhere out here ! Get a job man ! Go to school , pick up your trash , dont kw , but get your shit together . 
my man i love him so much 
I got another A+ , what can I say .... I'm smarter than the average grand ronder . jk .. jk 
HAHAHA !!!!!!!!! Another A !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! And in MATH ! Fnals are in 2 weeks . Wish me luck . 
Just finished my essay ! I know its gonna be and A ! Or maybe im just cocky . 
Man .. I don't usually do this ... cuz I aint nobodys agent or nuthin , but anyone whos a nick minaj fan ..... that " Moment 4 life " track is nyce ! Check it out on youtube ... unless you think shes whack .. 
OH YEAH !!!!!!!! Juss got done gettin my skinny on . Zumba and da gym ! I am sore . 
woo hooo ! Finished all finals , got 3 a's and a B and now its spring break ! 
Yay ! Its one of those days ! I ate like thee best cereal in the whole world and now I juss feel like a million buckz ! Ya know what I'm sayin ? Time to go get my skinny on at the gym ! 
I just made the best beans in the whole world and nobody will ever make as good as beans as I juss did . 
OH YEAH-UH ! MY GPA CAME INTO TODAY .... I GOTTA 3.69 And my financial aid check came too .... time to get a 170 dolla calculator ! good tymes ... good tymes . 
easters comin up ! 
I can't wait to go back to scool Sunday .... but soring break was nice ! Got to spend a lot of time with my girls summer , mae , & kylie . Lil divas ! 
oh man .. long day ! Home work , than excercise , than sleep . 
Everyone says I should leave you ... so give one reason why I should need you . When all you do is lie boo ... Give me one reason why to believe you ? 
Anyone feelin froggy should jump ! Other wise get outta my face ! 
hahaha , I swear these girls will be the death of me ! love em ne wayz ! 
died my hair red and orange !!!! 
Lifes kinda got me down . Gonna go to bed and hope things will get a lil better . If you know me and love me pray for me . Ill need it in this dark point in my life . 
mmmmm ........ heart shaped sausages !!!!! 
Thought I'd let everyone know my babie died , I had a misscarriage , and that is the lst I would like to say of it all . 
Hooray for turkey day !!!!! Hooray for my homemade dinner rolls .. horray for rainbow jello and hooray for the fambam ! Freakin hooray man !!!!!!!!!!!! I wish I still drank sometimes . 
Good morning world ! How are all my little friends ?! 
If I was actually as cool as I pretended to be I'd be friends with Kat from LA INK . Kuz shes pretty dope , I think . 
Im tired of seein red , I need to get outta here . Wheres all the blues singers at ? Im feelin blue 
I juss got back from camping and it was ttyyyyttteee buddy ! It was so much fun . My baby got me a fish , we saw a golden eagle , I picked some berries , we saw coyotes and caught crawdads and salamanders .!!! 
I got alot to live for these dayz ! And I'd rather live it not in a haze ! So I'm sober for realz this time fam ! Yes yes its true ! 
Can anyone tell me whats better then pancakes eggs and bacon for DINNER ! 
I can see now that the creator has been testing my limits with this hard life . I am broken but not unfixable . I am going to pick myself up and keep my head high knowing that things at the bottom can only go up . 
Ooooooohhhhhhh my gawd ! Drama up my arse today ! Why can't things ever be simple ? Lame day ! 
I know I'm not alone cuz god is always with me , but this is one of those footprints moments . I can only pray things will improve . 
I got homework up the wazzo MAN !!!!!! Full time student part time human .. I got no life . 
Another long day 
So are you guys aware that people actually post romantic ads on craigslist ! I thought it was a joke And people put pictures up and shit . 
juss chillin with the babies ! 
Juss got back from doing my garden ! 
Yeah buddy 
sick ......... ewww .... sux . 
Bored Bored Bored Bored , wanna do something , give me a ring a ding if ya wanna . 
Juss got back from the sobriety dinner . Hawiian themed .. kinda , I mean if hawiian means PINEAPPLE on EVERYTHING ! 
I am so bored .......... mhm . 
You know what I cant stand , ugly , dumb , drugged out , drunk , uneducated WANNABE indian women with a buncha lil white kids who think they got it goin on when really theyre juss 16th blood GR losers who will never amount to anything but a lame flagger on the side of the road waitin for captain save a ho to come along ! Dont let the SUNSHINE too bright you unclassy women ! HAHAHAHAHAHA ! And keep on livin the GR dream losers ! 
I am SOOO TIRED ! yes ... SOOOOOOOO tired ! 
spent the day with my daddy . It was awesome ! Thanks daddy . 
Oh yeah ! were goin shoppin ! 
And put down the pipe and pick up the make up cuz ya'll look F'in rugged . I'm like UGH !!! UR NASTY !! EVERYDAY !!! 
blah blah blah . yada yada yada . I need some OJ ! 
4 anyone checkin my wall .... ummm .. yes I AM super happy , I love my family , I love my man , I love my J.O.B. , I love summer , mae , aspen , maddie , kylie , justin , JR , Shay , rosie , amanda , keith , melody , my mom , my dad , my cousins , my grand parents , my uncles and aunties . Oh and I love my self kuz I'm juss so sexy ! And no , im not drunk or HIGH 
juss sittin at home .. by MYSELF as usual ! Whats new . 
La dee dadi da !!! My kuz'Nz got a man ! Maybe she wont be so lame now ..... but I shouldn't get my hopes up .. jk jk ! 
ay dios mio ! I am so F'in bored !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Wheres a good bonez player when ya need one . 
I am sore ! Worked it out today . I'm tryna give these bitches another reason to hate me . One love fam ! 
soo bored . 
How is it that I'm surrounded by people ... but still feel so alone . Like I'm juss going through the motions .. not living . Lonely can be so bad . 
I'm just about tired of bein talked down to by men . Gettin juss a little old . 
Sick of lil ol GR and the lamez that reside here . ONE LOVE ! 
Happy thanksgiving ya'll! Today I celebrate the rape and deception of my ancestors as well as being the damn pilgrim who did it ! Gotta love being a mixed breed ! 
Feelin kinda bob marley today ... DONT WORRY .. BE HAWPPY ! 
I'm pregnant ..... possibly 2 and a half months but I wont know until my firsr prenatal visit . Any bets on what the sex will be ? 
A beautiful day , sunny , and pretty !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
mmmm .. yummy , spicy taquitos , beans , rice , and frybread . Whats better than Doña Maria and jalapeños ? P.S. Its a retorical question . 
I love my family dearly , even when they are actin super lame ! XOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXO 4 EVER LUVZ ! 
what a lame night in GR ! 
Its so damn humid today ... ugh ! 
I can't trust NE bitch . Go slit ur wrists loser ! 
Hey hey hey ! Lookin like another rainy day out in GR . We got alot of rain to look forward to folks !! Good thing I made a big pot of beans and bread . Cuz if our tribal housing heat fails us we can heat ourselves up with hot air !!!! 
So tired . I need an energy drink 
what a long day .. home work all day ... hahahaha .. and not mine !!!!! yep .. its been a day ! 
Bout to get a J.O.B. But please ... dont borrow from me . hahahahahahaha ! 
I feel sorry for the people who don't know what they've got inthe palm of their hands . Like a good woman or man . Or a beautiul family and kids . I am grateful for evrything in my life . 
Juss another day in the bipolar neighborhood ! 
I had a fun girls day out with the fam ! Shopping , garage sales , new clothes makeup , and purses ! What a wonderful day ! 
Schools cool , but I wish these other nuances would disappear FOREVER ! 
ughhh .. what a day what a day . Whats left to do but lay my head down on my pillow ? Oh , thats right , dishes , kids and laundry ! Hahahahahaha !!!!!!! Ill just make the kids do the laundry , let the dishwasher do the dishes ... and I guess I can vacuum ! 
Got my D&C ... and I been ever since . 
I know you're readin my status ... checkin up on me ..... lol ..... you really crack me up ! 
Waddya know , today was a good day . A hard day wit all the rug rats but a good day ! Ready to do my grown thing wit da boosky baby ! 
I am startin to realize how easily I could lose everthing I love . My people are important to me , so I'm lettin them know . Much love and respect from ol tambam ! 
Got my math test tommorow than on to another one . 
ok .. long DAY .... with all KIDZ .... want to be with the ONE i love . Want some CONVERSATION ...... is that better ?! hahahaha . 
Grand Ronde might not have the cutest ADULTS but there definitly were some darn cute kids last night . Cutest lil trick or treaters I've ever seen ! 
Oh boy .. now I entered the dark side ....... STUDENT LOANS . 
so bored 
What a beautiful day ! Dont you agree ? 
oh goody , back to school at the butt crack of dawn ! 
Off to the casino .... by MYSELF . Whats new . 
Alone .. AGAIN ...... my life is SO lame . 
The letter " o " stands for opportunities . Which doesn't exist in " Yesterday " Exists only once in " Today " and exsists 3 times in " Tommorow " So stay optimistic ! 
fry bread and hamburger helper ...... hahahahahahaha !!!!!!!!!! Dinner tambams way ! 
blue sapphire , red label , last night was a good night . 
Happy freakin new year !!! What YOUR new years resolution ? I got a grip of em ! And I start school in the new year ! Go me !!!! Yay ! 
dadadadadidididididi ! hahahaha ! lalalalalalalalala ... humhumhumhumhumhumhum 
Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned ! Word of advice to those women who know this is for them ... Don't show mercy to those who showed none to you when they perpetrated . Dueces ! Love ya fam ! 
WOOHOO I got a 98 % on my first math test , guess the studying paid off !!!!! Go me ! 
Long day .... oh geez ! Who wants to get me drunk . JK JK 
yucky yucky .. lil ducky .. if u were me you'd be lucky ... but you r YOU so u R sucky ! 
Second day of school and it was easy as heck ! Cold as fudge though ! 
sponge bob sqaure pants ! 
passed my math test with only 1 point missed .. and on 2 hours of sleep ! Go me ! 
Yeah buddy !! Moved into our new casa yesterday ! Its the shit !!! 
I'm lovin my life and I don't care if YOU do . Cuz I'm doin ME haterz I'm not doin you ! 
Just painted my nails sparkly pink .. and I must say .. wow .. I look good in sparkles ! 
Off to school with my 100 pound back pack to get my edumacation ! 
YOUR KEY IS OUTSIDE MY DOOR ..... YOU WANT IT YOU GET IT ! LOVE YA CUZ ! 
In school , Classes scheduled , Bus pass bought , Future planned , gifts wrapped , and life good . 
oh man .. you all know what im gonna say ... butt load of home work ... up early for school , yada yada blah blah ! 
Its been one of those days MAN ! I need to juss chill back with my baby and block out everyone else . A trip to the bahamas sounds good right now . As long as theres no natural disasters while im there ! Love ya fam ! 
You're a garanimal , I am thee animal , or betta yet the caniball , cuz I eat bitchez like Hanibal . I chew them broadz up and I spit em out , and they cry every time they come back around . :) I think I rap better than TRINA KIM AND NICKI ! JKJKJK .. or not 
Cant wait till my boosky baby comes home ! I love Alan Crain ! Make a note of that . 
