Teen Camp Today !!! 
AHA !! I modded the generic image 
I'm going to Connecticut on Sunday 
I retook the myPersonality quiz 
I have been inspired 
My mother and neice are watching Annie , it looks like it's going to be fun to make the sets . 
Just watched two episodes of The Addams family , wish they'd make some more . 
having mental issues 
wishes Facebook supported BBcode 
has to write a connection paper about serial killers for tomorrow . 
If you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , post a comment of the first memory you have of me that pops in your head . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you . 
is losing his mind while sitting in the dark listening to time pass 
Sanity's not always a good thing 
Pocky ! 
My emotions decided to disappear as I let down my guard and try to relax more , you know , so I don't have people thinking I'm a Suit . Or an alien , or bot , or ..... 
hating myself for having feelings for a girl 
I feel like I have a hole in the back of my head 
really wants to get a katana and go to Haiti 
Diet soda is NOT better for you than Caffinated drinks !!! 
If a man speaks in a forest , but no woman is around to hear him , is he still wrong ? ~ Anonymous 
Shame on you America : the only country where we have homeless without shelter , children going to bed without eating , elderly going without needed meds , and mentally ill without treatment - yet we have a benefit for the people of Haiti on 12 TV stations . 99% of people won't have the guts to copy and repost this . I did !! Maybe we should help our own first !! 
Hates the guy who made the group " Hi , I'm a boy , I lie about my feelings all the time and ruin your life :) " not like " i hate you so much ! you're giving me a ride , right ? " no , more like " ok , time to test out this new , experimental Gauss Sniper Rifle " or " I just melted your computer , cell phone , 360 , Wii , and Ps3 beyond repair from 50,000 miles away . " 
That group that allows you to install the " official " dislike button is lying to you , it requires you to install a third-party plug-in , ( third-party meaning Facebook has nothing to do with it ) if it were as official as it says it is it wouldn't exist , because the dislike button would spontaneously appear , without you having to install anything . Plus it's a potential security risk . 
is it bad that i don't trust obama ? 
yes , I definitely need a picture of myself for my profile , or , at least a picture of something that only i would do 
Hates that status updates have a maximum of 460 characters 
Life = Meh . 
two essays down , two to go 
Facebook should change the Graphical User Interface ( GUI ) back because it defeats the purpose , it is very processor heavy , and due to that people may stop using it 
Trying to unlock a hard drive from an Xbox , it's proving to be a pain in the butt to find the right utility 
Ok , i took two slightly buggy quizzes , they didn't ask me to post my results , one was " what is your purpose in life ? " and the other was " which alice in wonderland character are you " and the results were " You are an angel in human form " and " Cheshire cat " ... interesting 
heard in Rome before it burned : victus mortuus es appositus ! Adepto vestri ornamentum ! ;) 
sapere aude and subsiste sermonem statim and also Si hoc legere scis nimium eruditionis habes 
late Anon . valentine's day quotes ~ ~ Anyone can catch your eye , but it takes someone truly special to catch your heart . ~ ~ Contrary to what the cynics say , distance is not for the fearful , it is for the bold . It's for those who are willing to spend a lot of time alone in exchange for a little time with the one they love . It's for those knowing a good thing when they see it , even if they don't see it nearly enough . 
i really want a snow day tomorrow but something tells me that there will be a two hour delay 
my 3 year old niece knows more about Dvd players than my health teacher(who taught some of the teachers at school ) XP 
I love the way that my computer system is set up , because the screen wiggles and my earphones go static-y right before i get a text , and i have an encrypted journal on a flash drive and my little brother attempted to delete it today 
Slightly interesting , I have most of the characteristics of a hacker , but i'm a INFP personality when most hackers have either INTJ , INTP or the rare ENTJ(or ENTP ) 
taking pics off my mom's camera 
Just recived my interm permit and drove down the road , taking out 80% of the mailboxes along the way ;-) 
stercus accidit 
I have found the center of all paranoia : /x/ specifically , forum 3693264 
is finding info about cats 
Anyone can catch your eye , but it takes someone truly special to catch your heart 
Happy Rama-Hana-Qwanz-mas everybody ! XD 
half day tomorrow ! 
the other day i * accidentally * found out you can change your background on the school's computers 
Dead fish go with the flow ... but I'm not dead yet . 
hot green tea = nom nom nom (^_^) 
I asked someone to prom but the way she answered was kind of a " maybe , if conditions change " , but I should have expected that , she's too gentle when trying to say anything similar to no 
Go-se , i'm bad at this . 
guys subconcsiously translate " let's take a break " into " let's break up for a little bit " 
I now use only 9 facebook apps and websites 
Anyone know how to write macros for the Firefox add-on iMacros ? I'm trying to delete my facebook apps and doing it manually will take forever . 
If it looks like there's nothing to worry about , that's when you really have to worry . -Anon . 
i don't like " taking a break " because it feels like breaking up 
A very merry unbirthday to you ! 
I should probably fix my PsTwo at some point in time , since i took it apart already 
For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son , that 
whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life . - John 3:16 (NIV ) 

I would like to take this opportunity to advise against Flaming . Thank You . 
" To love is to be vulnerable " - CS Lewis 
Oh No . My avionics are down . Time to start screaming . Aaaaaah ! 
My curiosity is going to get me killed one of these days . 
apparently we're " taking a break " , i hate that phrase 
Teen camp starts tomorrow , No computer , phone , or even command-line terminal for a week ( 43.07827 , - 74.200337 ) 
By the pricking of my thumbs , Something wicked this way comes . ~ Sheakespeare 
Trial by fire : it will either kill you or make you stronger 
" I have known many happy marriages , but never a compatible one . The whole aim of marriage is to fight through and survive the instant when incompatibility becomes unquestionable " - G.K. Chesterton 
If you accept what someone else has said about you as true it becomes true , but if you deny it with every fiber of your being it continues to be false 
I missed most of the part where mosfet gets camera time http://is.gd/hvNp1 ( @adafruit live at http://ustre.am/2FH2 ) 
So ... I heard you like mudkips 
Shelter me 
With sweet escape 
I'm looking for a place to run 
to hide inside 
-Shelter Me Mercury by Project 86 
Remember , remember the fifth of november/the gunpower treason and plot/i know of no reason why the gunpower treason should ever be forgot . Happy Guy Fawkes day ! 
guys subconsciously translate " let's take a break " into " let's break up for a little bit " 
At this general moment in time i am watching fullmetal alchemist , darker than black , claymore , and mushi-shi . 
Depression is anger without motivation , it's like having an empty beer bottle with no one to throw it at . 
Wanting to talk to someone but not knowing what to say is an interesting feeling 
I bought a " new " computer with Windows XP Service Pack 1 for $10 and it apparently has a Trojan in the hibernation file , which makes me wonder 1 , how did it get there ? 2 , will deactivating , deleting and reactivating hibernation remove it ? 
some days it seems like nobody can see or hear me 
the snow's gone , but it's still a byte cold 
I know that there was something interesting that was going to happen today , i just can't remember what 
Annie at Broadalbin-Perth High school Friday & Saturday at 7:00 , Sunday at 2:00 , I think 
You are faced with a choice ; jump out the window and join the hoard of undead or pick up your grenade launcher and start shooting 
some times i'll send a message that is a big run-on sentence , that's just because that's the raw information , unedited 
How effective would turning a small fridge into a ac unit be ? 
FB CHAT FAIL !!! 
Felt like a zeddie the whole day :( 
I'm learning a bit about discus-throwing from a good friend of mine . 
" Eat right . Exercise regularly . Die anyway . " -Anonymous 
I try to avoid large bodies of water , they don't seem to like me 
My IP can only be traced to the general area of Broadalbin :D Kekeke 
I think i may have removed most of my emotions . No , i did not turn myself into one of the cybermen . 
Apparently if you tell a slow computer to eject a flash drive then remove it too quickly it might give you the BSOD 
If you have been comfortable all your life , you're living wrong 
So a darkish grey hat hacked palin's computer looking for incriminating evidence ? what exactly was he/she looking for ? 
I'm seriously considering being a luddite technological time just unfolded and released messages that had been sent earlier 
The USA is broken , China's broken , Russia's broken , all the countries are broken together we make one big broken , rotting , corrupted planet . That's why people search for extraterrestrial life 
Remember , remember , the fifth of november , the gunpowder treason and plot , i know of no reason why the gunpowder treason should ever be forgot ~ V(i think ) 
??? 
so , the one thing I learned from my relationship with my ex is that you can't be friends with your ex 
Geek Vocab word of the day : Arduino 
I have to say , my favorite character so far in " Something Wicked This Way Comes " is Jim Nightshade , the dark grey hat 
You cannot dance with darkness and expect to be unharmed ~ unknown 
Someone left a prototype iphone at a bar ? Was this intentional ? 
Is going to west chazy for the weekend 
I changed my mind , I am currently making it so very few Apps on FB can access my personal data , that includes all games 
I can now say that my ex is screwed up 
apparently my ex's boyfriend wants to fight me(I know of monkeys with better grammar ) the prospect sounds ... entertaining , Should I accept his offer ? 
" This is how much God loved the world : He gave his Son , his one and only 
Son . And this is why : so that no one need be destroyed ; by believing in 
him , anyone can have a whole and lasting life . " ( John 3:16 The Message ) 
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity . 
hmm , the only way to delete your FB account is to ask them to delete it for you 
For every action there is an equal and opposite government program . 
Ow . 
" People only think I'm wrong because my path of logic is illogical to 
every logical person . " -Anonymous 
I think anarchy would be fun 
WHAT IN THE WORLD IS GOING ON HERE ?! 
random stuff 
The worst pain a man can suffer : to have insight into much and power 
over nothing . 
Herodotus 
History is just one bloody thing after another . ~ Anonymous 
Compiling . 
It's beauty that captures your attention ; personality which captures 
your heart . -Anonymous 
Austin Dlugas has apparently not only fallen for my ex's propaganda and decided that i'm evil , he is also dating her now . I pity him . 
My phone had a stroke . So it goes . 
" Ah ! Curse your sudden but inevitable betrayal ! " -Firefly Ep . 1 
Life is a dance ; sometimes you have a partner , and sometimes you don't have a partner 
I did not feel any remorse when i stopped dating my ex , those of you who know me know her propaganda is false , if you have even heard it 
My phone had a stroke , they're sending me a new sim for my old phone(3-7 days ) , then I have to call them again and wait on hold(lucyphone acts odd with them ) 
Love is like racing across the frozen tundra on a snowmobile which flips 
over , trapping you underneath . At night , the ice-weasels come . 
Tom Robbins , Half Asleep In Frog Pajamas ( 1994 ) , p . 
103 . In the book , it is a beat poem written by the main character's 
mother . 
No School !!! (^_^) 
May flights of angels sing thee to thy rest . So it goes . 
You're afraid of making mistakes . Don't be . Mistakes can be 
profited by . Man , when I was young I shoved my ignorance in people's 
faces . They beat me with sticks . By the time I was forty my blunt 
instrument had been honed to a fine cutting point for me . If you hide 
your ignorance , no one will hit you and you'll never learn . -Farenheit 451 , Ray Bradbury 
The beginning of love is to let those we love be perfectly themselves , 
and not to twist them to fit our own image . Otherwise we love only the 
reflection of ourselves we find in them . 
Thomas Merton 
hmm ... I've decided to use skype , I'm not sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing 
? ´-` ?.? oO ( i wish i hadn't lost that chunk of code ) 
The woman was made of a rib out of the side of Adam ; not made out of his 
head to rule over him , nor out of his feet to be trampled upon by him , 
but out of his side to be equal with him , under his arm to be protected , 
and near his heart to be beloved . 
Matthew Henry in Commentary on the Whole Bible , Vol . 1 , under 
Genesis 2:21 
Love is a minefield . You take a step and get blown to pieces , put 
yourself back together again and stupidly take another step . I guess 
that's human nature . It hurts so much to be alone that we'd all rather 
blow up than be single . 
Kate Welles ( Famke Janssen ) in Love 
& Sex ( 2000 ) :) 
Given the choice between the experience of pain and nothing , I would 
choose pain . 
William Faulkner 
Rawr rawr rawr 
If you are distressed by anything external , the pain is not due to the 
thing itself but to your own estimate of it ; and this you have the power 
to revoke at any moment . 
~ Marcus Aurelius 
You can build a throne with bayonets , but you can't sit on it for long . ~ Boris Yeltsin 
Grrr ! 
I only stayed away for a month and a half , more or less . :( 
Does anyone know if Bp has driver's ed ? 
I was watching Ask an Engineer and during the Q&A bit a guy said that he wasn't a " nerd " and he was interested in a girl that was . 
I feel bad for him . Partly because he had loser in his username(I hope he only goes on AaE with that Nick ) 
Don't * ever * use a propane torch to remove components from a circuit board . Bad things happen . (<.<) 
Go-se , I lost the game 
It's 10/10/10 ? 
My life tends to be slightly ironic 
" drag this to your toolbar so you can see what your friends are doing ... " hmm ... It's happening already :| 
well , official FB chat fail 
I got 25.64576% on the geek test :) 
I never want to do that again , it's too ... Shocking . 
watching " Ask an engineer " 
I'm beginning to loathe FB , i decided to check out an app and it posted without showing me first 
" I'm sorry but i'm just thinking of the right words to say , I know they don't sound the way i planned them to be " -The Promise ( Anberlin ) 
The automated installer doesn't work . Now I have to do it manually . And all I wanted to do was use gcc on Windows ! :'( 
Jeri Ellsworth is in the Ask an Engineer chat ! 
Dunbar's Number . Your brain says " You can only have 150 friends . I won't accept any more . " 
