| Colostomy Bag Rangers ... my new Woodsball Team . 
myspace.com/ skeeetskeetbangbangnigga 
working on a going away media project . Have pictures of us hanging out in the past four years ? Well , I'll be gone for FUCKING GOOD , in a month ! :D 
wants to troll Facebook . 
myspace.com/skeeetskeetbangbangnigga 
two hits of acid and the walls still aren't melting .... fuck ! 
is not connected to all of this . 
got into a fight , won , and now his knuckles hurt . 
had a psychotic anxiety attack . But hey , Saturday I'm having a going away/pool party . If you're interested hit me up . 
hopes when he dies hes on CNN for a week . 
just remembered to make the MySpace announcement . I'm moving back to Detroit on the 22nd . 
filling my life with activity to fight moving syndrome . 
We're all part of the same compost heap . 
is back from Detroit and wishing he never left . Fuck everything in this shit state . 
is having a lazy monday :] 
feeling lonely in the big(ger ) city . 
is playing Paintball tomorrow .... for the first time in months . 
is having intellectual conversations with Canadian folk about Pokemon . 
at the public library ... not being able to check my myspace and shit . 
lawl you can't say myspace on facebook . 
going to be a day laborah ! :D 
making coffee and fighting fox news * cough * I mean evil ! 
is not so simple . 
wishes axe commercials happened in real life . 
feels like his brain is melting out his ear ... 
is watching Degrassi with one of the kids ... god damn kid's TV is going down the drain . 
myspace.com/skeetskeetbangbangnigguh 
doesn't think he'd ever add a parent on myspace . 
is looking for a party later 
wants hallucinogenic milk . 
hates that some people never change , and its not always a good thing when they do . 
wishes Google Maps had an ' avoid ghetto ' route available . 
actually intended on getting some writing done :-\ 
only gets on FB to plays Mobsters 2 , haha . 
watching Battle in Seatle . Recommended watching . 
gonna go read some Dianetics . 
assassinating Jesus and skinning Adam Sandler . 
sitting on the john , eating a hot dog , and reading the holy quron . 
is just now realizing the retardation that is browser games . 
is pissed because of Mob app faggotry . See , anything that comes from Facebook eats dick . 
gotta return some video tapes ... 
feels the need to write another socio-political essay . 
| Holy fucking Mobsters 2 friends , Batman ! 
thinks tan is the oldiest day color a vehicle can be . 
is going to Canada soon ... like in an hour ... its going to be ... not really epic at all . 
hopes tomorrow doesn't suck as much as today . 
thinks its fucked up that you can be labeled a sex offender for pissing in a bush . 
thinks tan is the ugliest color a vehicle can be ( just woke up ) . 
wants to get more tattoos . 
people sending me stupid ass invitations to shitty apps . 
| Trying to stay up longer than twelve hours and sleep less than eleven . 
going to Olive Garden for my birthday , then going to the movies . 
| STOP SENDING ME ENERGY DRINKS ! ( jk l.o.l. guyz ) 
might be getting ready to do something semi-productive , yay . I need a car . 
just finsihed making epic omelette . 
is bored . I haven't gotten drunk and done a video blog about socio-economic issues . 
is happy to be reffing Tippmann World Challenge Saturday/Sunday . 
is getting ready to go running with Jeremy , Chris , and Derek . Anyone else game ? 
might be reffing the SPPL Michigan Qualifier ' 09 . 
is ready to see KMFDM later ! >:D 
is leaving to play some Paintball in a few . 
is looking forward to birthday Paintball and getting crunk ( hopefully ) . 
is getting fuckin ' PAID tomorrow ! ( hopefully ) 
watching Sons of Anarchy , shoot bitches bright and early tomorrow ( as in 3 PM ) . 
is having a birthday in three days ... 
has a birfday in six days ! :D 
| Alestorm = Pirate Metal = Amazing . 
GOIN TAH APPLE CHARLAY'S 
| Rise Against is win . 
| Cigarettes and Coffee . 
is setting up the new laptop . 
is wondering why everyone is pissed off today ... 
is going to eat for his early birthday in a few . 
is reffing the SPPL tournament this weekend , yay ! 
| Monotony . 
has an interview ! Horray ! 
is sick of hearing about people bitching about their jobs . 
is thinking sleep . 
earning respect one gog shot at a time . 
is now double-deuce . 
is hating children's programming ... 
isn't going to see Zombieland for the second time ... 
is applying at Target , haha . 
has a non-functioning mouse button . 
went to church last night . good people , just so many hypocrites . 
CRIKEY ITS FUCKIN FOSTAS AUSTRALIAN FOR BEER -OI 
wants to buy a crack house in Detroit . It'll be a cross between Fight Club and I am Legend . 
OI 
| Pullin on the boots and strapping up the laces . 
| Silence can say quite a bit . 
is excited to be reffing Tippmann World Challenge this weekend . Horray money ! 
watching monkeys play Hockey . Christ , I hate PayPal . 
watching wall-e and my hypothyroidism fuck up my body . 
is gonna get rich and buy the original A-Team van . Its gonna be the shit . 
is having phone troubles . 
doesn't have electricity and his best friend is in boot camp . 
| Finntroll time . 
| social network sites have become like a scab that would go away if you just stopped scratching it constantly . they've gotten essentially useless . its like everything a cell phone does on a web site . oh wait , you can't stalk people with a phone . 
| writing then going to sleep , gonna try and make tomorrow productive . maybe do some research on that screen play idea ... 
| so common , so cheap . 
makes too many dead hooker jokes ... 
is defining silence as a problem unsolved . 
feels like an anvil got dropped on his head . 
is going to a party later at Chris's ... gonna try and not get completely obliterated . 
has to work in the morning :[ 
| The new Rammstein CD is bad ass . 
thinks socialinterview posts too much shit . 
thinks Infinity Ward is a wad of stupid cunts . 
is about to go paint the town neon pink fill . 
thinks apps are the worst thing to happen to Facebook . 
thinks Target needs to put the 10 items or less sign in arabic . 
just got off work . My job is fucking bad ass , easy and I get to do hourly shots of espresso . 
| When one person suffers from a delusion it is called insanity ; when many people suffer from a delusion it is called religion . 
just finished reading the kloran , now its time for the klonvocation . 
| damn it feels good to be a gangsta . 
jacked up for the interview bright and early . gonna kick this day's ass . 
is now a thug life barista 
watching Sons of Anarchy . Playing Paintball the Wednesday after this coming Wednesday . 
can't wait to shoot suckers tomorrow >:] 
having crazy ass dreams for thirteen hours and shit . 
needs to find a get-rich-quick scheme so he can get a car . 
needs people to stop sending him app crap . Also know as crapp . 
now has a non-existant team that is sponsored by Redz , good for me right ? Anyone in the Detroit area interested in playing Division 3 Paintball ? We'll be rocking Scenarios as well . Whatever you don't know , I'll teach you , and whatever I don't know we'll learn . 
is a grammar nazi . 
smoking crack and killing jesus 
thinks Starbucks is evil . 
watching the gang bang theory :) 
needs someone that does Graphic Design , as well as an Editor/First Reader . 
| when did I realize I was god ? when I was praying and realized I was talking to myself . 
has to open fucking POS satanic coffee machine Starbucks . 
is here to kick ass and chew bubble gum ... and I'm all out of gum . Paintball meet and greet thing later . 
made a Nine Inch Nails pumpkin . 
now has a car , weeee .... 
don't get paid to believe , I get paid to fuck shit up . 
trying to get another practice going ... anyone looking to play some Woodsball in SE Michigan ? 
taking off my top and getting killed my greg kinnear . 
thinks Facebook has turned back into a stalking tool . 
shall have a car in a few days . 
is thinking about 2012 ... 
is realizing how good of friends I have in Tennessee ... 
just had the best meal in his life . 
has decided to write a book . Its gonna make me phat l00t . 
| moons in aries always seem to clash . 
is being stalked by Facebook . 
didn't get to shoot anyone , but he did see Avatar . Which is quite badass ... especially in 3D . 
| face to face you act in good faith . 
is off to do drugs with his family . 
is reading about Neitzche on X-Mas , the irony . 
has an eye infection and a head ache ... but at least I have Terminator Salvation and a new Microwave :D 
gonna go shoot bitches after awhile ... hopefully I don't crash or something . 
is trying to win an eclipse ego off eBay ... 
has an eye infection , horray ! 
enjoys the advice of the Courage Wolf 
can hear gun shots bringing in the new year . haha , inkster . 2010 ! 
| yayyy , happy new years ! im so sober right now ! woo ! 
is off to serve the unholy coffee capitalistic war machine . Its like hey we don't know anything about these drinks but we'll buy something anyway so we look sophisticated with Starbucks cups in our hands . 
hates apps ... stop sending me shit i dont care about please . 
loves gerbils . 
bring me PBR and I will give you a PS3 game . 
| 99 problems but a bitch ain't one . It also seems my ' team ' mutinied me ... god I am going to paint them a new asshole . 
can't wait to leave this arctic hell hole . 
has a eye infection again ... I need to stop sleeping with contacts in . 
| jockin the bitches , slappin the hoes 
| Booking my trip to Tennessee . Yay . 
lost a fuck buddy , and two friends in one day , awesome ! Back to getting drunk and going to shows ! 
is no longer part of the retail machine . Thank God , I think I am gonna go into security . 
might be in a movie . Yay . 
has a new computer and a high-def monitor . Oh , and a keyboard that hasn't been raped by carbonated beverages . 
| that isn't metal . 
god I hate fake ass fucking people . 
wants to create a national pull-out awareness day . 
wants some proflexes , the flex8 is getting kinda old . 
has booked his bus trip , anyone want to pick me up from the bus station ? :] 
hates when people don't know how to spell or use grammar . 
loves how he is updated for two days because I comment on someone's picture/status/etc . once . 
is pissed . Just spent a half-hour updating on here and it got deleted . 
| my brain is going to explode if I have to hear the wonder pets song again .... 
| Whats everyone listening to ? I'm digging some new Fintroll . 
Potato . 
| Facebook won't let me put my location as an abandoned crack house , hahaha . 
is thinking ten more days before he is back home and out of this arctic bullshit . 
thank you infinity ward for fucking up a game series by trying to make it into halo . Time to go camp with my silenced m4 with a heartbeat sensor . 
thinks you lose brain cells by reading posts on PBNation . 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . 93% wont copy and paste this , many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
| tis the season to be ill and listen to Social D . 
watching Good Burger 
just looked at tickets , $110 in advance gets me to and from Tennessee , leaving me $190 to get wasted and bribe people for rides . 
finds it strange that he holds his tongue on facebook .... oh wait my work is net stalking me . 
| How many last stands should there be before I fall off a cliff . 
| Our great way is a spiritual war . 
has somehow managed to show a full marker setup , a case of paint , empire pants , invert pack , and five days clothes all in one box . 
reading Watchmen . Fucking amazing . 
can't wait for his E-Vents to arrive >:] 
| Atomic Rocket Lounge Sat . the 23rd , come and hang out if you don't know of a way to get hold of me . I'll be in TN until the 31st . 
will hopefully have a Russian AK-47 next week . 
don't want no kidz .... 
| Hayden just woke up with a nightmare :[ 
how we survive is what makes us who we are ... 
| Rule - If its a group picture , shes the less attractive one . 
| 50 notifications and none I give a shit about . God I hate fucking apps . 
| damn it feels good to be a gangster 
only has three more days until hes back home for a week . Thank God . 
| 4chan lololol 
killing Jesus , brb . 
| Everyone should own a pair of english Doc Martens . 
| FAFSA is a pain in the ass . 
| Does anyone know of any decent shows coming up in Detroit ? I really don't know shit about the music scene in my ' home ' town (<-- scoffs at home part ) . 
| why does this site have to be so counter-intuitive ? 
| I only know a quarter of the people on my friend's list . I might need to delete a few people ... I don't think I need that many new friends . 
get 19 notifications : ten from apps , five from other people's status , and four that are actually relevant to me . 
| Dear Facebook , please allow me to use MySpace and do applications without my text being interupted every god damn time someone IMs me . 
| so common , so cheap .... 
| Page adds are quite a hint of the six degrees of separation ... interesting . 
has the same birthday and moon/sun sign as Heinreich Himmler . October 7th . Thats fucking crazy ( I'm kind of a pagan ) . 
apparently says fuckj a lot . Well , I guess I do , hmm . 
| Four more months ... 
is moving back to Tennessee when he gets the money . Its pleasant here . 
| Looking for people to go see Flogging Molly with on the 6th ... anyone game ? And I do mean anyone . 
| What separates Tops News from Most recent ? 
| Job Interview @ 3 * Eye of the Tiger starts playing * 
| Its funny to look back at high school in Michigan and see all the people I used to know and talk to and not give a shit less . Just being honest and a little bit cynical . 
| O lawds , I luv chiggen ! 
| When I hear people bitch about smoke I want to stomp a wind pipe . 
is up way too early ... 
| Why do applications make you fill out personality profiles ? Its a job , not eharmony . 
| Dude , fucking Braveheart . 
| My Shrimp Ramen tastes like licorice . Awesome . 
| Three more months til I'm back home . 
| Two days ' til I shoot someone again , wee . All my mutineers , if you have shit to talk , then is the time to do it . 
| When buying a new marker on eBay , look for things that sound like they don't know what they're talking about . " SHOOOOTTS FASSSTTTT " , usually indicates that they're under eighteen , uninformed , and you can probably get the marker for a third of its worth . Damn it feels good to be a gangsta . 
wants a drinky crow tattoo . that would be sweet . 
| Thank you WMG for ruining Youtube , you rich fucking bastards . 
| I hate PayPal sometimes . 
| Hell yeah , just submitted my FAFSA ... and I got PBR . 
seeing Flogging Molly later . They said " TICKETS GO ON SALE DALE OF SHOW " , but no ... can't buy no tickets . I guess I'm going there sooner rather then later . 
| Ever see someone's status then just blurt out to yourself , " wow , this chick is a whore " ? 
is watching the sun come up :) 
| Frankencastle is the shit . It has me reading comic books again . 
a little corporate ideology goes a long way . 
going to shoot people and shit . 
| Facebook sucks . Is there anyway to change the Hospital Waiting Room color scheme , or turn off the annoying Farmville requests without completely disabling the slight usefulness of the site ? God damn , the internet is in a state of decay . I'm tired of the social network fad . 
| Dear Facebook , stop offering me friends I don't know or care about . 
| Marlboro Seventy-Twos make my throat hurt and sound like Batman or someone that just smoked Crack . 
| Anyone know places that are hiring in the Detroit area ? Job hunt sucks . 
just won at life . 
wonders why everyone hates on smoking . You can't smoke outside in Michigan anymore . Are people really that prissy about smells ? Even when I didn't smoke I didn't bitch about other people . 
| Sore , got accidentally bunkered ? Fun all the same . 
can't sleep . Twenty-four hours until I'm on a bus to Nashville . Man , it feels so good to be this close to being home ... even if its only for a week . 
| Anything to break the monotony would be welcomed into my life ... good or bad . My car is legal , anyone want to hang out later ? I don't care how far estranged . 
| Subterranean homesick blues . 
First actual day of work today , woo ... Hopefully get that first paycheck soon ... 
| Watching Predators on the internet . 
| Fixed my car four days ago , now it isn't starting again . 
| I want the internet to stop trying to sell me shit I don't need . 
| I'm gonna look back and think , " why the fuck did people edit their pictures to make them look like they're out of a music video ? " 
| Daly city train 
is going to finish his degree . Then two more years and I'll never be a broke white kid again , woo ! 
| The Sufferer and the Witness <3 
| Go big or go home . 
watching the original Matrix ... the one where Neo isn't wearing a dress . 
| Damn , I think I made myself sick ... 
wants a internet group for getting him back to TN :-\ 
| I never ever want children .... 
| Hell yeah , Student Loan Reform . Pell Grant is doubled so I might not be $20k in debt in two and a half years . 
needs a ride to Tennessee ASAP . 
| Paying my C-State holds . Sick and my back has been hurting for three weeks . I feel like dog doo-doo . 
| If I was diagnosed with Hypomania I'd take it as a compliment . 
| 26 more days until I am back in Columbia ... 
| Weeee , horray for freelance journalism ! 
| Finntroll April 14th , fuckin aye . 
needs to go run until he pukes ... and then some . 
| I really do hate Facebook . 
has a surprise ... no , its not me pulling a MAC-10 out of my coat . 
| Come on universal health care ... because I really don't want to pay another $200 to find out what the fuck is wrong with me . 
| I'll see you at Kid Rock's next concert , I'll be standing next to the Loch Ness Monster . 
going to the brother's house for Easter . Happy Easter everyone ! 
| Peter Tosh mon 
| Got my three year old cousin into Paintball , haha . traumahead.com 
| Its 4AM and theres a black guy on my TV singing and drinking Kool-Aid . 
needs to lay off the Haterade for awhile ... It just bugs me how this distance has cut off communication between me and people that were once like family . 
| Apparently has the world's most entertaining facial expressions . 
| To play Paintball or trip balls in Heritage Park , that is the question . 
| This sprinting thing is a pain but after tomorrow it'll be easier . Sprint for twenty seconds , walk for ten , run for twenty , etc . It shocks your muscles into response . Time for a ice cold shower , wee . 
wants a mohawk . fucking job hunt :( 
| Gravy is delicious . 
| I had a dream some kid gave me a red/white DLX Luxe . It was pretty sweet . 
Finally getting a mouth swab today , then working out , and interview at Books-a-million Friday . 
knows three people born on the day of Fool's . I'm also dying of Cancer . 
| Fuck Writer's Block . 
| The Tea Party has an SS division now . 
| Theres a reason why we and my friends are womanizing assholes . 
| Dear Infinity Ward , thanks for fucking up Modern Warfare 2 servers . 
| In the absence of will-power the most complete collection of virtues and talents is wholly worthless . 
| I'm sure there are plenty of people bouncing off the walls of a padded cell just because they uttered the lyrics to the " song that never ends " . Yes , it goes on and on ... my friend . ( 10 points for creepiness ) 
| Can't sleep . First , possibly only day , of work . Hopefully I get hired . 
| Fuck playing Fallout 3 , walk around west jefferson . 
| Why do hipsters dress like fifties nerds ? 
| Today , nine years ago I was in eight grade world languages class when a guy came in and whispered in my teacher's ear , " someone just crashed a plane into the WTC " . My teacher says to the class , " and I was having such a nice day . We've just been attacked by terrorists " . We turn on the TV in the class room to find a image of a smoking WTC and watched minutes later as another plane plowed into the south tower . 
couldn't past the Labor Ready test ... I guess not doing Heroin isn't good enough . 
| Dear Facebook Status , as good a friend as you have been .. I must let you go from your duties . I no longer have any need for you because , I no longer feel the need to express the semi-monotony of my existence and don't really care to read about the meaningless simplicity of other people's lives . Good-bye , ole boy . 
| Respond to my messages/wall posts fake bookers . 
Playing Paintball tomorrow , putting in some more applications , and than probably not doing much later . Anyone want to do something in Columbia ? 
| Anyone wanna buy a gun ? Its in the $600-800 range . 
| Taking a break from this diet thing , the whole " can't eat this -only so much of that " gets annoying after two months . 
is going to snap this job and play enough Paintball to make up for lack thereof . 
| Birthday cake 
| The next Call of Duty needs a bipod as special equipment . 
| With great power comes great insanity . 
| Speed is the essence of war . Take advantage of the enemy's 
unpreparedness ; travel by unexpected routes and strike him where he has 
taken no precautions . -Sun Tzu 
Do you know what feels better than a pair of new socks ? Nothing ! 
| Everyone that is a mutual friend can read wall posts before I do ... and its deleted . So did anyone read my last wall post ? 
| Call of Duty : Black Ops teaser is out >:]] ... I get to see the Waterworld of Middle Tennessee in a few days . 
| Red Wings Win ! 
| I'm taking back Medal of Honor and getting the new Fallout ... I buy very few games and when I do I expect them not to be frustrating and full of retarded issues . 
| Audentes fortuna juvat - Fortune favors the bold . 
| My car ( just getting it legal ) cost me $180 ... then my keys got locked in my car , that was another $35 ( a good price , but a price none the less ) . Back to being broke :-\ 
| Is anyone's work currently hiring ? I need a job . 
| ... drifting to Byzantium . 
| My Raven is called Writer's Block . 
| Interview Monday or so . 
| Skype is retarded . You have a phone . Call the person . 
missed out on asian hooker night at the kennedy party . 
hated owl city before it was cool to hate owl city . 
| Ronnie James Dio died :[ , he must of spent too long in the midnight sea . 
is back in Tennessee safe and sound . If you want to hang out , send me your number . 
| Don't call me after 10PM . Probably sleeping and you'll only be met with anger and swearing . 
| Great White Buffalo . 
| Anyone game for a bank robbery ? 
| Wee , car won't start again . I can't wait for the day when I'm out of college and can afford a car that I don't have to worry about breaking down constantly . 
| Recreational Homicide . 
| Craigslist needs to burn . 
| Its now 4/20 :] 
| We are what we pretend to be , so we must be careful what we pretend to 
be . 
- Kurt 
Vonnegut 
| You know what I hate ? When people tag their friends in their status . Unless you're hanging out with someone famous there is no point in name dropping . 
| So the trip to TN has turned into some espionage shit ... what the shit Mom . 
wants to get " fuck Joe Thornton " tattooed . Of course I'd be wasted when it happened but then I'd shrug and say fuck it . 
| Looks like I'm not moving back so soon . Why did I have to be born into a clusterfuck ? 
is going to be in TN Wednesday for a day or two since my Mom is moving back to Detroit ... unintelligent move on her part . 
| Car is fixed and $265 less than the original estimate . 
| Pheonix got fuckin stomped ! Go Wings ! 
| I need to type slower then 54 words per minute , it might end my phonetic mistakes and ' cave man-speak ' . 
| I talk with my hands a lot ... and I just now noticed this when I noticed Hayden using random gestures that I haven't seen anyone else using . Monkey see , monkey do . 
switched to English ( Pirate ) , yarrr . 
| The irony of how statuses never have anything to do with the news . From what I've read theres all this destruction in TN ... yet no one even posts anything relevant to what is happening with the flood ... just self-centered shit . 
is spending the weekend with captain tag team . 
| I don't like Carnifex that much yet I've seen them two years in a row ... 
| Ed Wood is an awesome movie . 
| Anyone want to buy a PS3 ? I'll cut you a deal . 
| Some crack head stole my god damn bike ! So much for new hobby ... 
| Have to stay up until 8PM so I am updating the shitty Wikipedia Article for Paintball . They didn't even have SPPL listed ! 
| Jason's greatest piece of advice , " Life ain't nothin but bitches and money " . 
| Does anyone do urban exploration or know someone that does ( in Detroit) ? I want to start doing this soon . 
slept in for three hours , that makes five hours of sleep . 
| So I'm coming back to TN after this term . Its going to be hard , but whatever . I've had enough of this place . 
| No running today . The spirit is strong yet the hip is weak . 
| Six pages is too damn short to do a paper on . I need to find a smaller target . 
| His name is Robert Paulson . 
| Help me leave Michigan , buy my PS3 ! Message me for more details ... 
| When you cough you know the cigarettes are working . 
| I think Nazi Germany still exists in the Michigan unemployment system . 
| Eight days left in Michigan . If you need to get a hold of me for anything , now is the time to do it . 
| Immortal Technique . 
| Still have this PS3 , maybe I should just stay ? Cheap rent , everything is close , two free registrations to HSI , and I can go to school without having to pay a large amount of rent . 
| Why do people stop talking to me when I say I'm not a Republican ? 
| Do we really have to click ' like ' on everything ? Really ? Its turned from social networking to social advertising . 
| Finally done with my exam papers , three more days left of this semester . Thank God . 
| If the Sharks go on to win the Stanley Cup the Refs need to get their name on it to ... because that game was just bullshit . 
| If I had a DUI keg chained to my leg I'd drink it . A lot . Because I wouldn't have a license . And beer is good . 
| Name dropping is bullshit . 
| I hate Cars , why can't we just have the car rental system from Flashforward ? 
| Gotta get insurance and tags today before my tags expire :-\ 
| God damn I hate fake ass people . 
| Acid , its how adults play pretend for real . 
| Where is my mind ? 
| Burzum time . 
| Just got hanging out with Jessie , fun stuff . 
| Season finale of True Blood sucked . 
| Work , work . Be back in fourteen hours . 
| Alright , I'm done being the advice guy . 
| MONSTER GAME ! 12 more days ... work tomorrow , yay . 
| I just sneezed and a little kid started crying ... what the hell . I have the little nicky sneeze . 
is wondering just where the fuck his cousins went ... 
| Doing push-ups with Hayden on my back . 
| Wow , no $15/HR job ! Time to climb through an asbestos filled building ! 
| The Chinese just tried to hack my e-mail . The commies are after my ass . 
| Transformers 2 = navy/army recruitment commercial + linkin park music video 
| Twelve years later me and Drake are still watching DBZ . 
is going to see about a job in a few ... I'm gonna be a mover . 
| Pigs fly , they're called politicians . 
needs a haircut . Any suggestions ? Other than the obvious mohawk suggestion as I still need to get a job . 
| Don't google ' blue waffle ' then hit ' I'm feeling lucky ' . By don't , I mean do . 
| Don't you hate it when the house wakes up ? 
| The only king we have is currency . 
| EMP bomb please . 
thinking about selling my PS3 ... 
| Apparently I have class with high school kids . I sit next to a 15-year old in Sociology . 
| Fett's Vette , my wake up song . 
is really wanting his Pell Grant return check now . 
is trying to win Paintball gear and new gat ... 
needs to play some Paintball soon ... 
| Al Green is the shit . 
| What a sudden turn of events ... looks like I'll be living back in Tennessee next month . Whoopie . Now , to get my car fixed with money I don't have . 
My cousin Renee is in the hospital ... as if there wasn't enough to worry about . 
| Gary Coleman is in Hell ... just like my nightmares predicted . See you in a few years Gary . 
| I'm officially in Michigan until the end of the Fall Semester , then using money from my Pell to move back down ... or wandering Europe with Isa . Its all about the $$$ . At least now I get to use my free registration to go to Monster Game . 
| Life is one big ass hill that keeps getting steeper as you go . 
| Getting ready to leave for Hell Survivors to ref this weekend . 
| Trying to sell my PS3 online and all I get is scam e-mails . I hate Craigslist ... 
| Slim Shady LP time . 
| Someone needs to rip out Justin Bieber's voice box . 
| Time to sleep ten hours . I had a really awesome day out with my older brother , and my nephew . 
| Being a slave is fun , you get to sing while you work ! 
has a job ... now he needs new breaks , woohoo . 
| Gittin shit done ... hopefully I'll have this gun and PS3 sold tomorrow ... work , work . 
just had a nice 14 hour nap . 
| Wow , that job was awesome . I cleaned out the art section of Eminem's high school . 
| Anyone want to buy a PS3 ? $300 with Modern Warfare 2 and the stimulus package . 
Yeah , I definitely strained my quads the other day ... I can barely walk now . 
is listening to Tupac . 
| EMP this bitch 
| Why is it that every ' baller on youtube tries to tell people how to play ? " dood u need teh switch handes n then stick ur elbo n " . Thank god , I get the opportunity to inflict pain on these people . 
| The next season of Jersey Shore should take place in Dearborn ... because theyz alot of guidos ... 
| Muffin Man is really The Viper , methinks . 
| Fuck you City of Inkster ! Second year in a row that they ' forget ' to turn the flood pumps on . My room is now a few inches under water . Destroyed some of the things on the floor ... 
| How 
many of us really know all the people on our friend list ? Here's a 
task for you : I want all the people on my list to post how you know me . After 
you have completed this , repost it in your status box . You will be 
amazed at how interesting this can be ... 
| I want to throw fake people into wood chippers ... 
| Sore . Another hard day's work . 
is once again mobile :) 
| Playing Half-Life , by that I mean wading through electrified water to unplug a dryer . 
| " DUDE I'LL TRADE YOU A 98 CUSTOM FOR YOUR PS3 ! " No , just no . Shame on you . 
| recycle your pets . 
| No great war , no great depression ; our great war is a spiritual war . Our depression is our lives . 
| People actually watch Soccer ? 
| I came , I saw , and I got my ass shot off . 
| Less than a month until MMG and I have done barely any physical preparation ... at least all equipment is in order . 
| Wake up to some Adelaide , sweetness . 
| Beach two days in a row with my eleven cousins . 
Scotty , set phasers to stun and intercoms to Barry White 
| Job application surveys are actually personality tests -true fact . 
just worked nine and a half hours straight without a break . fml . 
| Devil's Rejects 
no longer looks like a homeless alcoholic . 
| District 9 is awesome , finally saw it ! 
| Michigan Monster Game at the end of the month ... can't wait :D 
| Anyone want to start a PS3 Bad Company 2 clan/group/thing ? I'm sick of dying because of people that play like they're occupied swallowing their tongue during the match . 
" Wait , theres pro Paintball ? " -My brothers 
| Second day of work and I get in my car , turn the key , and nothing happens . The dome light didn't even come on . Car was perfectly fine two days ago . 
Please post this as your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a foot up the ass . People who need a foot up the ass affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a foot up the ass , except a foot up their ass , but we ... can ... raise awareness .... 93% of the people will not re post ... 
| Don't mix me , politics , and early-morning caffeine . 
| My battery was ' dead ' , my radiator was leaking , and my brakes are now non-existent . All in one day . 
| I need to escape this place soon ... 
| My mind has too much energy . 
is gonna go do that one thing where he goes and does that thing where he sleeps . yup . 
| Ten days ... and then the paint starts flying . 
| There should be a show called , " I hate Hipsters " . 
| Is a PS3 worth a pimped out X7 with e-grip and flatline ? 
| Man , I want to see Danzig and Toxic Holocaust tonight ... gotta save my money for this move though :-\ 
| I never want children . This weekend has reinforced the idea . 
| Hopefully I'm not too sore for tomorrow . Took a five mile bike ride randomly . 
| Work , work . 
| Fresh ground sumatra , yesyesyes ! 
| One macbook short of being a hipster .... 
| My apologies if my Playstation is spamming the feed with trophies . 
| My car is officially dead ... gotta get it taken care of . There goes my pell grant check ... 
Screw Tumblr . That is all . 
has the opportunity to trade his PS3 for a Angel A1 . I feel perplexed . 
| Alright ' ballers , wear knee protection . I'm positive I jacked up my ACL ( knee ligament ) sliding into a bunker during Monster Game Saturday . My knee is kind of buckling ... in reverse and it doesn't hurt ( which is a bad sign I'm told ) . 
requires a job , vehicle , and ibuprofen . 
| I'm down to 17% bodyfat , horray ! Running/work is whipping my ass into shape . 
| Do you like Huey Lewis and the News ? 
| Screws in hips + 2 mile run = ibuprofen 
is now employed :D 
| I'm going to the Hospital later for my back . 
| Work , work . I start school again the 23rd while other people are bragging about graduating . No one ever said the playing field was even . 
| Making an omelette , listening to eye of the tiger . 
| 3+ miles without stopping . Longest I've ever ran . 
oreos and milk dawg 
| $15/hr job tomorrow , hell yeah ! 
| Theres a movie about Facebook ... and its directed by the same guy that did Fight Club . 
| I hope to god I don't have work tomorrow . I hate getting up at 4AM . 
| It takes disaster to learn a lesson 
cannot wait for Saturday ... need it to come a little faster . 
| My friends seem to do two things on here ; talking about getting tattoos and talking about ' quitting the life ' like they're heroin addicts or something . 
| I'm so agg Scott Kressin requests to follow me on Twitter . 
| Ran four miles with my brother yesterday . No stopping . Its amazing what you can do when you put your mind to something . Eye of the Tiger ! XD 
| Right now feels two things - too cold and too early . But , at least I get to make $100 off one short job today . 
| Working on a serial story/novel/thing . If you want to check it out , message me , and I will send you the link . 
| I hate the Casino . Finally ate my birthday dinner at Wolfgang Pucks :) 
is being incoherent . 
is liking his metal like his coffee this morning . Dimmu Borgir tiem 
BOHICA - Last final tomorrow ... thank god this semester is almost over . 
| Yeah , a quick twenty minute ride turned into a eight mile venture ... at which point I wandered into the maker faire . Fun stuff . 
wants to go to Fort Wayne ... 
| At my brother's apartment watching the dude , and doing that thing where I study . 
Mmm , orange vodka smoothie , meat loaf , and coffee ! Breakfast of champions ! 
| Watching the nephew . Fun stuff . 
| he who is the cause of another's greatness is himself undone . 
| good morning heartache , you're like an old friend 
| I'll be twenty-three years old as of 7:23 AM tomorrow . What do I plan on doing ? Nothing , its just another day . 
| Finally beat New Vegas ... in hardcore mode . 
| Fortune favors the bold 
| Everything is illuminated in the light of the past . 
| " Post is no longer available " , whats that supposed to mean ? 
| Went to Grosse Isle yesterday , now to Sterling park today . 
| what it is cuz 
| My brother's buddy is helping me fix my car ... thank God . Really . Better then having to throw down $1000 on a new junker . 
| The new Eminem CD is awesome . 
is having difficultly not expressing his political beliefs . 
| I already hate paying insurance ... 
| I wish Facebook had bulletins . 
| So , I took this body fat test and I am down to 13% body fat which is considered " lean " yet still no six pack ... 
| Play Bad Company 2 , only use weapons from Battlefield 1942 . Get top score . 
synced their Myspace account to Facebook http://lnk.ms/0WBg6 
might have himself a Cadillac ! Step one is almost complete , all I need is the purple suit and paint job . 
woke up with Def Leppard stuck in his head . 
| Tired/sore , worked all weekend but we got the Most Valuable Referee Tropy for the game . School then I have to get rid of the car today . 
Sometimes I wanna copy someone elses status just to see if they'll notice . 
| 2008 was a good year :-\ 
| The lack of money is the root of all evil . 
| I really don't understand the phenomen of bragging about going to the city . I see all these people bragging about hanging out in Nashville/Murfreesboro and don't really understand it . I live in a city . It isn't that great . But , then again I didn't grow up in BFE so I have a preference to peace , quiet , and not hearing my neighbors have sex . 
| It can always be worse . 
| A day in the life 
| So my engine might be shot ... It over-heated twice on the way home from my brothers ( after I got done watching my nephew ) and then I put more water in it . I hope to god this doesn't cost me too much .... it could of been much worse . 
A man who won't die for something is not fit to live . -MLK 
| I wish my school had updated their computers instead of creating an extra wing that isn't being used . 
| Weeee , still not admitted to C-State because they refuse to accept me without a transcript , and a signed paper " that wasn't received " . I swear , their offices are filled with a bunch of incompetent lazy shrugging idiots . 
| I really need to stop window shopping on paintball websites . 
| 35 days left ... hopefully I can pass all my classes and get enrolled in my classes before then . Stresstrestress . 
| good morning overdrafted bank account ... even after I told them not to allow charges . 
| I really hate having to sit next to people . 
| Stressing myself gray over move preparations ... I need to get school in order but my transcripts have yet to arrive after a week ... 
has found a mechanic for my white-trash-mobile . 
| Is anyone else getting Medal of Honor for PS3 today ? 
| The registration process is taking a lot longer than is necessary ... god damn automated processes . 
| Need my god damn check already so I can get my POS white trash wagon back on the road and then stick some fools on the field . Hopefully with an Ego . 
| Getting my ducks in a row for this move : gotta register for class again , sell/scrap my car , get rid of a lot of baggage , etc . 
going to see about a car in a trailer park in Nashville ... hopefully I don't get stabbed in the kidneys . 
ate a sub dubbed the " suicide killer " , was pretty damn good too ! 
| I didn't think I would get so many happy birthdays ! Thanks everyone ! 
They say you always hurt the ones you love ... it goes both ways . 
| Last week at Wayne County Community College ... C-State in a month . 
| I'll be home in two months today . Where will I stay ? That isn't entirely certain at this point ... 
still uses MySpace , haha . 
Horray for looking like a bad guy constantly ! 
| Okay , so I joined the crowd . 
| Getting Black Ops today , add me on Playstation : DraftxKill , we can shoot ninth graders together . 
No shave November is in full swing ... maybe I should start wearing flannel and carrying around an axe ... 
Pet the fuzzy wall . 
| Days like today remind me how hopeless I feel towards our present political situation . I feel as though I am just picking the lesser of two evils . 
I need a job ... before I have to go all Boardwalk Empire . 
| New profile sucks . It seriously looks like Mark Zuckerberg took a dump on your monitor . 
Waiting on the call back .... 
| I'm starting to think video games are now using slot machine psychology . 
Totally sore . If you're into workouts , google P90X . 
| Hoping to go run another three miles with my brother later ... 
| Attended a 70th anniversary and probably won't see very many more of them in my lifetime . 
Just another five semesters and I will never have to fill out one of these stupid assessment questionnaires again ... 
| I'm thinking of patenting my reversible paintball jersey idea ... 
| My final week in the state of Michigan . Hooray ? 
Can't wait until I am back in Tennessee ... with a cheap gym . Running with gloves and a shemagh over your face isn't a pleasant experience . 
Packing and maybe going to Gibraltar later ... 
I really have little impulse control . Bitches B . Crazy . 
| The hard part of this move is over : sold my car to the wrecker and I'm registered for spring classes . 
I got the Communist Manifesto , Civil Disobedience , and Elements of Writing for X-mas , hell yeah . 
Tonight is open ... what to do , what to do .... 
Does it ever get easier ? 
AT&T doesn't let me watch Walking Dead OnDemand :( 
Class , Books-a-million interview , then I dunno . Don't text my phone , if you need to reach me just call . If you don't have the number its on my profile . 
It definitely isn't the same here without ARL . 
| I got some anti-inflammatories for my back , and I also used a scale . I'm down to 179 , 50 pounds leaner than I was in April . 
Happy New Years . I don't have a resolution , I'm content with my current course of action . I just need to stay on it and not let anything intervene with the plans I have . Play more Paintball perhaps ? 
I'm going to be sore tomorrow . Its okay though , I earned it . 
Ever feel like English isn't your natural language ? Its a funny feeling . 
To shave the beard , or not shave the beard ... that is the question . 
When life gives you lemons , beat the shit outta lifr and get your money back . 
Its nice when you can still drive with the windows down in January . 
When in doubt , drink PBR . 
What is there to do in Columbia on a Friday ? Hmm . 
Everyone should come to Nicksfest 2011 this weekend ... instead of going elsewhere in Columbia and being a douche bag . 
Documentary marathon , just watched Collapse , and now I'm onto Food , inc ... 
People I know get too many tattoos . Just got back from playing Paintball with Chris and Evan . Now , its application time .... 
No , don't really , disregard anything you may have just saw as my status . Chris isn't as slick as he thinks he is . 
| Wow , my first night in Tennessee doing nothing ... 
Time to over-analyze and be pissed off until I get the call back ( or call them back ) . 
Machete don't text . 
wants to move to Russia . 
Working out , applying at some more jobs , and getting my phone back from Danny ... and still waiting on that call from Lowes . 
Pump iron , swim laps , get oil change , then superbowl ... commercials . 
I got an interview ! 
I need to unleash the beast .... I haven't shot at anyone in a few weeks . 
Come to Nicksfest , bring a friend . Message me for details . 
It is what is is , cuz . 
Eat stem cells , grow wings , gain muscle mass . 
Lift , run , lift , swim ... and then work . 
You might not be the best looking girl here , but beauty is only a light switch away . 
Playing doctor is for kids ! Let's play gynecologist . 
Right axle bearing is going bad on my car ... gotta keep my fingers crossed until Sunday . 
Dropped 6% body fat in two weeks ... go me . 
Ignorance frustrates me . 
All I know is that I don't know nothin . 
Peace through depopulation 
| Paul Russo's Unseen > New Unseen 
So , Call of Duty : Black Ops multiplayer has subliminal messages in it . 
Its going to be interesting in fifty years if most of us are still alive and can go back and look at the world through this year's version of google maps and see how everything looks . 
Waking up at 4AM for the next week , woot ( not ) . 
Does Facebook find it necessary to tell me what everyone on my friend's list does ? I don't care , sometimes I really don't want to . 
Disregard females , acquire currency . 
Day off tomorrow , didn't think I was going to get through a week of waking up at 4AM . 
Let it go , if it comes back to you its yours , if it doesn't , it never was . 
| I've had multiple bank cards from two different banks the last five years , and on every single one the end date is always 2012 . Theyz trying to tell me somethin . 
Hiking was really fun . We drove home to Men in Black and it was pretty sweet . Cave party , help me leave some things in the past . 
Anyone know of some awesome places to go hiking around Columbia ? 
is Hipster Wolverine . 
Shit just hit the fan . 
| If you seen a white guy walking around Woodward with a " the end is nigh " sign , yeah it was totally me . Theres a story behind that . 
| Corey Haim OD'd . No more Lost Boys movies ? 
Got a house ! In Riverside with Christopher Forsyth and Danny Boy Neyman , we're probably moving in the beginning of this coming month , wooooooo ! 
Talk to someone long enough , Facebook tells you everything they do , this is not always a good thing . This at times is a very bad thing . 
We move into our house Friday , its gonna be pretty sweet . 
| Fuck autoposts ! 
Pet the furry wall . 
Girllll .... make up your fuckin mind . 
My house is awesome . People should come over . 
New phone , old phone burned out , so everyone should send me their numbers .., 
Phone is functioning once more . 
Most awesome day at Good Will , I picked up an Evil paintball shirt and an HK Army shirt from good will today . 
thinks hes about to invoke a no-geminis rule . 
I need more time , I need more sleep . 
Dear god , when will I ever be able to play Paintball again .... 
Having my own house is pretty damn boring . 
I'm Ryan Draft . I work at lowes I load 2x4's . I have a hot boss . I like forklifts . PPPPPPPPPPPPPAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNNNNNNTTTTTTTTTTTTTBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Coffee tiem . 
They should start sterilizing people who score below 100 on an IQ test . 
Teen Mom is putting Planned Parenthood out of business . 
As of this month I have lost 64 pounds ( from over 230lbs . ) and reduced my body fat to ten percent . How I did it ? Hard work . 
Hmmm , its 4-20 , what should I do today ... 
I don't think I'll have many days better than the one I had yesterday . 
I'm an asshole . 
I see no point to conservatism ( at least as to how its defined ) . 
I miss Michigan right now , and I don't know why . 
My phone is currently retarded . So ... if you need to get a hold of me for any reason , send me a message . 
Finally got my tattoo filled ... after two years . Now , time for work on three hours of sleep ... 
People need to stop arguing like any of the petty interpersonal dilemmas they're having are vaguely important . Let it go , none of it matters . I see no point in what is going on with my friends . Shitting on other people doesn't make any situation better . 
Wow , last night turned out pretty awesome . 
Finally getting my new gym membership ... hoorah ... 
I like it when grown ass men talk shit behind my back when they're the ones getting written up for not doing their jobs . My response ? Put a good word in for him . 
A man's work is never over ... 
About to go shoot some fools in the face at Middle Tennessee Paintball 
The word of the day is Parvo . 
So , my dog just died . 
Dog buried . 
Review and raise ... hopefully . 
So the world is ending tomorrow ? Thats pretty metal . I hope it happens . 
Does anyone ever love their job ? I want to find a new one . 
going patrick bateman on some sequedas ( does anyone know how to spell that word ? ) 
Life goes on . 
I just got up for work and didn't realize that I didn't work today until I was about to head out the door ... 
the cavalry aint comin 
In captivity . 
So I unbound a stack of 4x4x8s at work and found a random piece that had a out of place tag on it with the numbers " 12-21 " written in blood . Pretty metal . 
Dumb ass room mate get on my profile . Im not a damn bigot . 
Black Metal time . 
How can you hate dubstep ? 
Each day is better then the last night . 
wow , my hand really hurts . 
Cooking an omelet , writing , and listening to NWA . 
Everything is a pattern . 
Does anyone know anyone that has backpacked through europe ? Curious as to how feasible it is . 
Ughhhh .... I don't want to be awake this early . Time to go do some reffin and dropping off of room mates . 
conformist punx til we die !!! 
People should come do that thing where they come to our place ... 
Bad medicine . 
No more Brittany Doan . 
Debating on getting a haircut or just shaving my head , suggestions ? 
Playing Splinter Cell in real life with Benjamin Gibson . 
Going to introduce some friends to Paintball today , horray ! 
Fathers day .... wow , today is going to suck . 
Slept from seven to one-thirty . I'm going to have a fun day at work later . 
June 21st is the longest day of the year . I watched the sun come up , and hopefully I will be able to watch it set . 
Off to Buffalo River to hopefully not drown . 
I knew I had a bad feeling about that trip but , it is what it is . My kayak ended up getting capsizing and I lost my keys and wallet . I could of drown very easily , lucky to be home but , you gotta pay to play ? 
Old Crow Reserve and Jager , Round 2 ! 
I think I am going to join the National Guard . 
