is so upset . Why do people always walk over me when I show them just a little bit of kindness . 
My Bday is on Sunday . anyone want to come for a fish braai ? 
is frustrated with the Kwikwap Server 
knows now that there is no person in this sick country worth even been remotely acquainted too ! 
is SO sick and tired of people taking advantage of me ! 
HOme alone on a Friday night as usual 
My website has been updated . Member Section Only added . Come register for free , NO STRINGS !!! www.kwikwap.co.za/ffe 
Won't say anything 
Just doesn't care a fuck anymore ... My needs and wants are not worth fuck all !!! 
Thinks that Superman should be allergic to Peppermint Crisp ! Don't you think the peppermint inside looks like Krytonite ? 
DAMN $# ! + VIRUS !!!! 
A bit disappointed and upset but ok I guess 
still wishes there was a decent SINGLE girl in exhistance 
Any single girls want to chat ??? 
is so tired of this sick world 
is so sick and tired of woman who accuse me of been a player just because I single and looking for ONE girl who is willing to give me a chance . Yes , I have a few girls I am interested in . WTF is wrong with that ??? I make my move on them and then it's their decision to go for me or not , I can't wait forever ! But I am not a player for been interested in a few and give them an opportunity to give me a chance ! 
Is frustrated , my Blackberry's battery is DEAD !!! R360 for a new one ! Can only get it in a week !!! 
Just doesn't care a fuck anymore 
is home alone for the weekend 
I just opened a brand new Can-O-Whoopass on Farkle ! 
dammit ! I hate it when clients are MIA ! 
to hold on to my past now would be madness . yet , I can't bare to let it go . I'm terrified of my future . I don't know where I am now . OR where I will be . 
I have no food , no petrol and no money . what kind of life is this ? at least I have my blackberry 
Are there any contacts on here who actually , truely care for me ? 
has two job interviews tomorrow 
Still needs a hug from someone 
is there a reason for all of this ? 
todays stupid law belongs to Florida USA . it is illigal to have sexual relations whith a porcupine 
That is so cool ! My blackberry can be used as a Heads Up Display for my car ! Awesome ! my speed can be reflected directly on my windscreen 
needs someone to talk to 
can't anyone help ? 
Hey all ! PLEASE VISIT MY WEBSITE ! www.fuel-stick.co.za/?deslocker 
Does anyone know of any job offers in Vanderbijilpark ? 
haha ! just read something funny on mlia . there is an offical law in Texas that a criminal has to give his victims 48 hours notice before the crime stating the nature of the crime and where and when it will happen . PLEASE ?!?!?! 
chocolate isn't a matter of life OR death , its better than that . 
Place : the Dome , Time : Yesterday 12pm 
Please visit my site guys ! www.fuel-stick.co.za/?deslocker 
can't sleep 
when you pay peanuts you get monkeys ! 
Todays stupid law belongs to New York , USA : • A license must be purchased before hanging clothes on a clothesline . 
what do you do when the person you love the most in this world continuously accuses you of doing something wrong when you know you have not done anything at all ? 
Stock take today . :( Probably going to work from 9am to 3am today . 
is tired of always been broke . never having money and trying so hard to make a success of my life only to have people back stab . 
anyone still up ? I'm still at work doing stock-take . 
has never been this down . 
I am suffering in what is called the harsh reality of truth . confused by the very thought that kept me alive for so long . wondering how I could have been so stupid to believe in so many lies and deceit . everthing I work for . all I achieved has been reduced to a mere memory that has faded in the harsh darkness that seems to consume even the brightest memory . 
its not the fact that I lost my home and my job . its the fact that I lost the love of my life that has hurt me 
anyone on Twitter ? 
is really down . Not that anyone cares a fuck ! 
I need a holiday 
is it right for an IT Retail company to force its employees to work 87 hours in a single week without the 36 hour rest period ? 
is really unhappy tonight . Wishes he had someone to talk to . 
wishes he had someone to talk to 
are there any true friends out there ? 
anyone know where I can get a graphic design job ? 
anyone know of a good job in kzn ? My fiance and I are wanting to move there ASAP ! 
How do I deal with a paranoid girlfriend ? 
one day YouTube , Twitter and Facebook are going to combine to create the most time consuming website the world has ever seen , it will be called youtwitface.com .... I always thought mylifeisaverage.com was the most time consuming website the world has ever seen . lol 
I have nowhere to go . I can't do anything to change my circumstances . I can't turn to my family , God has abandoned me . Everyone has abandoned me . There is nothing more to live for . 
is seriously thinking of quiting his job on the count of " lack of emplyment equity " . Come on , 87 hours of work without a day off and no overtime ? That is just BULLSHIT ! 
is missing his fiance and family ... A whole two weeks alone ! 
really wishes his fiance was back already from Vanderbijilpark already . Still about a week to go . 
I don't think I have asperger syndrome ! 
is there anyone I can talk too ? 
VISIT MY SITE PEOPLE !!! www.fuel-stick.co.za/?deslocker 
my past is like a history book thrown into a fire . it has no meaning . nothing worth remembering . I want nothing to do with it . and yet , my future is unwritten but it feels like the pencil writting it has broken . a darkness shrouded infront of my eyes has covered my future . is there a future ? 
todays stupid law belongs to Louisiana USA : It is illegal to rob a bank and then shoot at the bank teller with a water pistol 
If everyone is special , that means no one is special , which means everyone is average . Point proven . MLIA 
anyone know of any shelters ? I have nowhere to stay tonight . 
Hey guys , I have just started a new career and would like to show each and everyone of you ( my friends ) what it is that I do . Please message me . I need your help to get me started on the right track . Thanks ! 
anyone online ? I need someone to talk too . 
wtf is wrong with me ? why am I not feeling well ? 
can anyone sponsor some airtime ? I desperately need to make a call . 
finally got my blackberrys facebook to work again ! 
I am missing my fiance a lot ! 
why did I choose to go to Cascades with work collegues tonight ? I'm bored ! and half asleep . 
needs someone to chat too 
Anyone interested in a free spa bath treatment to the value of R2500 ? 
today I changed a lightbulb , crossed the road and walked into a bar .... I realised that my life is a joke ! :) 
The list of signs and symptoms mentioned in various sources for Asperger syndrome includes the 27 symptoms listed below : 
• Impaired social interaction 
• Clumsiness 
• Uncoordinated motor movements 
• Limited interests 
• Unusual preoccupations 
• Repetitive routines or rituals 
• Speech and language peculiarities 
• Non-verbal communication problems 
• Word repetition 
• Few facial expressions - apart from anger 
Great site : www.mylifeisaverage.com 
anyone know of any jobs in vanderbijlpark ? 
not feeling well ... 
What am I supposed to do ? I am stuck between a rock and a hard place . 
I find myself conflicted and torn in a world I can not recognise . tormented by my soul . blinded by all the pain that has been inflickted upon me . unsure of my future , unsure of who I am . wishing that I could awake from this nightmare called life . how did this happen ? why has this happened ? 
Why can't my FUCKING life just end ? 
why do things always go wrong for me ? I'm a decent man . do I deserve this life ? 
what is the definition of a true leader ? 
the pain is unbarrable 
I have so much to do ! I don't know where to start ... well , I guess a long journey begins with a single step right ? 
wishes he could talk to his fiance 
can feel the effects of not eating . 
please pray for me and hold thumbs for my job interviews today . 
not feeling well at all ... don't have food to eat . 
a good friend is someone who thinks you're a good egg even though he knows you are slightly cracked ! 
I need to borrow food ........ Anyone have ? And no , I'm not joking . Just started a new career and haven't got a basic this month . I'm out of food ! And petrol ! Anyone will to help ? I'm also looking for a place to stay temp as my house has been sold and have less than a week to move out . For obvious reasons , I can't pay rent at the moment . Willing to contribute all I can . Its hard for me to ask this . 
can anyone please help me with airtime . 
all of a sudden feels dizzy and Nauseas ... maybe I'm pregnant 
I have lost all hope of finding myself . knowing that what I am has never been sufficient in the eyes of my family and friends . thinking that there was no way I could ever fill the shoes they presented before me in ceramoney designed to inflickt a breakdown of emotions . raising a bar so high that no mere mortal on earth could ever dream of OR invision . 
I feel like I have just suffered from a heart attack and have died and become a ghost haunting my own life and body . experiencing a life that almost seems unreal . feeling completely ignored by everyone . my enemies no longer see me as a threat and laugh at me . it feels like I am captured and encaged with my limbs chained to a cold stone wall . my enemies poking and proding my disabled body with a hot folk . 
On Top of Spaghetti On top of spaghetti , All covered with cheese , I lost my poor meatball , When somebody sneezed . It rolled off the table , And on to the floor , And then my poor meatball , Rolled out of the door . It rolled in the garden , And under a 
To everything there is a season , A time for every purpose under heaven : http://read.ly/Eccl3.1.NKJV 
I am blacking out and feeling dizzy ? Lack of food or exhaustion ? 
my fiance an I see back together again ! 
the interviewer is late ! 
A bit heartbroken but ok 
has never felt this pain before 
" you know the worlds messed up when the worlds best rapper is white , the best golfer is black , the tallest man in the nba is asain , and the girl with the highest voice is Justin Beiber " . It made me laugh so hard , and I thought , you guys would enjoy it 
todays stupid law belongs to Texas , USA : the penalty for jumping off a building is death . 
todays stupid law belongs to Nebraska , USA : • It is illegal for bar owners to sell beer unless they are simultaneously brewing a kettle of soup . 
I have applied for more than 50 jobs . But nothing ! What is wrong with me ? 
todays stupid law belongs to Texas , USA : • It is illegal to drive without windshield wipers . You don't need a windshield , but you must have the wipers . 
todays stupid law belongs to North Dakota , USA : • It is illegal to lie down and fall asleep with your shoes on . 
has a chance to make things right with his fiance . wish me luck ! 
is there no one who can help me with accommodation ? Anyone ??? PLEASE ! Willing to pay ! I will find a way to pay back ! PLEASE ! 
my heart is hurting ... isn't there anyone willing to chat ? 
anyone here ? 
Time Travellers Club : Hello to all members and possible new members , there will be an annual meeting , here are the details : 
todays stupid law belongs to Indiana , USA : • It is illegal for a liquor store to sell cold soft drinks . 
really needs someone to talk too 
I am so cold , hungry and lonely 
how can an American species of venomous spider be here in vanderbijlpark ? look it up , its a Hobo spider . I just killed it with a pellet gun . took three shots . 
finally back at the shelter . 
" You know how toddlers use little forks and spoons to eat ? Well , what do Chinese toddlers use , toothpicks ? " 
can anyone help me with accommodation ? 
who is online ? 
todays funny law belongs to California . : • Animals are banned from mating publicly within 1,500 feet of a tavern , school , or place of worship . 
is feeling completely alone . 
anyone know of any graphic art jobs in Roodepoort OR surroundings ? 
is in the worst situation he has ever been in and is lost ... doesn't know what to do anymore 
I am reduced to nothing . There is no more hope left . What is the use ? 
I must keep positive 
I feel so alone 
I do have a friend that cares 
peanuts are one of the main ingredients in dynamite . 
in urgent need of R4700 ! can someone please help ? willing to sign a legal contract to pay back with interest . I'm desperate ! someone please help ! 
Hey everyone ! Please visit my new website . www.fuel-stick.co.za/?deslocker 
The FUEL-STICK is awesome guys !!! Please try it out !!! I already have 5 agents under me ! www.fuel-stick.co.za 
anyone online to chat ? Just need someone to chat too . anyone ? 
it would really be nice if someone could talk to me . 
hey guys ! Please visit my website ! www.fuel-stick.co.za/?deslocker 
anyone got BlackBerry Messenger ? 253439CE 
please visit my site and join for only R250 . www.fuel-stick.co.za/?deslocker 
anyone want to chat ? 
I'm bored . anyone awake ? 
loving people live in a loving world , hostile people live in a hostile world . same world . 
Check out clap'nSeek! You can find it at http://appworld.blackberry.com/webstore/content/4016 
Check out 2012 Doomsday Countdown ! You can find it at http://appworld.blackberry.com/webstore/content/3359 
wishes there was someone to talk too 
please can anyone sponsor R12 airtime ? I really need to make an important call . 
can anyone PLEASE lend me R12 Vodacom airtime ? 
Check out Bible ! You can find it at http://appworld.blackberry.com/webstore/content/1222 
everyone who has Blackberry's say I ? 
I'm FINE dammit ! 
is really not myself again . And I guess people will respond negatively to this comment because they don't understand and/or couldn't care less ! 
I need to escape from this nightmare called life ! 
why is it that when you love someone unconditionally , that love is never returned ? 
is life really worth the trouble ? 
my heart forever will belong to one woman . Even though she will never accept it and believe it . 
why is it that woman are so selfish and cruel ? 
I'm so scared 
unless you have walked in someones shoes , you can not judge them . 
woman are so cruel ! 
is it really wrong to write a sci-fi gospel ? I already had critism from someone I really did expect it from ... 
anyone got a GPS I can lend ? My GPS subscription has expired on my BB . 
pray for me for my interview please . 
anyone know the Vodacom customer care number ? 
is seriously thinking of suing Vodacom !!! 
is in a better mood . Pray and good friends always makes a difference , even when your bad situations can blind you to happiness . Good night everyone . 
I AM GETTING SO MAD ! 
needs to escape 
Yoda used to be 6ft tall untill he tried that force stuff on Chuck Norris ! 
does anyone have power ? 
wishes he could talk to someone ! He is bored and lonely ! 
I'm stressing ... A LOT ! 
anyone know of any homeless shelters close to Roodepoort ? 
stressed and worried . my time is running out 
misses Rachel SO much ! 
something doesn't feel right , what is wrong ? 
I just applied to Starfleet . Anyone want to join my ship , the USS Jericho ( Defiant Class ) 
got an interview today . I just hope I have enough petrol . 
how much more must I take before things start working out ? 
Giving up seems like the only option I have left 
is almost out of food 
sorry everyone , Vodacom problems again ! 
had nightmare after nightmare last night 
My eyes have been opened ! 
Star Treks Scotty would have been 91yo today . Miss you my favorite TOS character ! 
Massive Road blocks metro and SAPS tonight from 20:00 till 02:00 ! pass on 
I wish I could get out ! 
The hardest thing is not knowing if she is ok , I feel so lonely without her . I could be around ten million people and still feel lonely because she is not by my side . 
my heart really hurts 
Is so badly hurt 
I don't think people would miss me 
I just give up ! 
