SNIFFLY|FEVER|HEADACHE 
feels bland , mundane and uncultured ... 
After the English exam , it shall be all over .... hurry up already !!! 
" ... I might be harboring a Bon Iver in my testicles " : ' D 
.. boyfriend tried to drown me :P 
" ... Who is Sidney Sherman ? " :') 
is going to look like some ott posh bird at prom .... 
sigh ... it's so annoying when people interrupt you ... it's very aggravating 
has sorted out her coach tickets to Scotland .... dear God we are going to die ... :P 
POOLPARTY|LCC|MACBOOK|SCOTLAND'09 
can't wait for the 24th July 
some people can be so self-absorbed . 
last night was a tad unsuccessful ... :S 
AHHHHH !!! Lady Gaga is in my head ?! Why ?! Make it STOP ! 
Just got back form the airport ... knackered 
SCOTLAND ' 09 TOMORROW 
at last I'll be able to wake up with you :) 
prom was good an could've been better if we didn't have the unnecessary bits at teh end ... :/ 
LOVES MOSH PITS ... ;D 
sigh .... 
is using her new Macbook and has just got back from Scotland :D 
is trying to sort her luggage - it's strangely fun ... mmmm Lush :D 
is fed up of self absorbed people , who are completely oblivious to the people around them . 
is burning incense :) 
THE DAY AFTER TOMORROW : SCOTLAND ' 09 EDITION 
cannot wait for her Mac to arrive .... :D 
wants to grow her hair out ... 
should really eat .... :S 
anyone want to arrange a night out ? Shunt ? Smash & Grab ? 
Lovin ' Pirate Language on Facebook ... YARRGH ! ;D 
it's pathethic how much they don't me to go out and how they think of me in disdain of going out - even though I've been in the house for the last 6 days ... selfish 
downloading Jean-Luc Godard's - " Bande à Part " <3 
woah ... I be downloading loads today :) 
Anyone up for another " Godfather " ? ;D 
has finished a whole packet of LOCKETS in 5 minutes . : > 
SMASH&GRAB/PROM/MACBOOK/LCC/SCOTLAND 
hasn't been on Facebook in ahwhile ... summerschool is going alright btw :) 
hehehehe .... 
has gotten her Prom dres sorted :) 
thank God I'm going out ... :D 
anyone up for SHUNT today ? Just ring or message me if you're interested . 
' tis time for me to fuck off now . :P 
is so fucking knackered , been up since 4am ... mehhh 
" ... but see , I will be gone by morning , my dear London , goodnight " 
is writing her CV up :O 
is in love with Falmouth's Illustration BA(Hons ) course .... wowwww : ' D 
period pain feels like Hara Kiri .... 
bored out of her mind ... 
is loving Beck's " Hollywood Freaks " Effin ' gangsta ;D 
... 
NOW-28TH MACBOOK|SCOTLAND'09 :D 
is really worried ... 
Young man , you amaze me ! Show me your DNA ! 
loves Shintaro Kago's " SUCK IT " 
has cooked a pretty good dish ... YUM :D 
MACBOOK|SCOTLAND'09|LCCFOUNDATION'09/10 
is a recluse : c 
is working on a blog ... 
why do I even bother with some people . 
needs to get ready for work ... 
has so much things to sort out tomorrow ... silly LCC not sending me my email :s 
is craving some nice humble soup :) 
I love Andrew Pearce's " Mighty Murray " Rose ... hahaha I love , love .. MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO .... 
doesn't want to bother with this bullshit anymore . 
just woke up and feeling rough ... :S 
who's going out tonight ? xxx 
just had her first driver's went pretty well .. just a bit iffy on the turninig . 
is going to get a pasta 
just got up .... 
we'll have to wait and see 
is sooo effin ' bored .... : C 
feeling pretty shitty , loads of interesting things ... 
Third Stone From The Sun 
just woke up and I'm already being nagged at ... fucks sakes . 
had a pretty bad dream ... 
ALSATIAN DOG 
has sent her CV off ... :O 
starting Foundation Art & Design on Monday !! :o 
is too exhausted to do any work :( 
do you ever feel like you're not taken seriously ? 
is writing up a CV , :S 
Massive Attack was SO EPIC ! :D 
last night was epic ... but damn Wetherspoon closes at 11:30 pm- pathetic 
who has Skype ? 
is working on a storyboard and needs to get her wristband :s 
@ LCC from 10am -7pm surviving on measley chicken nuggets ... 
doesn't know what to say . 
Has gotten her artwork back , but fuck me my arms hurt ... : C 
is going to be cooking :D 
These days ... 
boreddddd 
ill and working 
is scared ... 
is loving The XX <3 
is craving cheap ass Vegetable soup ... yummm : ' D 
can't work at home 
amnesty please . 
back from SHUNT ! SLUMBERRAVE !!! XD 
have no idea how i am going to finish this project on time 
loving potatoe smileys :) 
last night was pretty awesome :D 
feels isolated ... 
I've lost them all ... 
some people can pull off my dresses better than I do ... man I'll never do the Hammertime for you again :P 
Hmm woodburning on leather ... 
depressed ... 
has made a scary panel ... for once I have managed to scare myself 
has done nothing since she got home ... too tired ... : c 
hammertime dubstep style :P 
Feeling SO much better :) 
painting away . 
is sooo tired : potato smileys , hot water bottle and a warm bed is all I need ... 
ahhh nothing like Rush Hour in the night :) xxx 
needs a drink and cuddle . 
uninspired & depressed 
this song is just too good : http://awmusic.ca/1/mp3/Bon%20Iver%20-%20Blood%20Bank.mp3 
listening to old anime songs ... memories :') 
last night was pretty funky , Love you lot ! :') 
got her freshers pack :) 
is doing a allnighter 
Bon Iver's " Island , IS " is such a good track <3 
should go to bed soon ... 
..... 
Joe Gerard Donohoe http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tFXJKp-NgR8 <3 
is getting pretty good at improvised cooking 
has finished her cooking :) 
booooooreeeeeeeddddddddddddd 
has time management issues 
needs to repair her Olympus and Nikon , can't wait to use these film slrs :') 
is actually thinking of dressing up for halloween for once ... but what as ? :o 
doesn't want to be there ... 
wearing my cat hat from when I was in year 9 ... I think it's more like a bear hat now ... 
... IN A PERFECT WORLD - I WOULD BE ONE HAPPY MOTHER FUCKER . 
shouldn't but does 
has her clock time wrong . what time is it ? 
facebook chat can be quite a cockknob sometimes ... 
needs to party ... 
really should sleep but can't .... 
drinking and cutting into Strongbow .... :) 
is a bit of a klepto :s 
" ... you look so fine ... " 
all to shit ... 
What fuckery is this ? 
has drunk loads of Strongbow for the sake of art ... thanks for buying the booze fred 
watching cabaret 
fml 
YES !! I have revived my Olympus film slr !!! :') 
head hurts unbelievably .... :( 
just saw a man wank a fish on tv .... 
back to painting again sigh 
burning a shit load of incense in her room :) 
bored out of her effing mind .... : < 
god someone's a fucking moody bitch ... 
fuck is a very versatile word . 
cramming everything in ... yea ... so organised I is .... 
butter on toast makes evrything better :') 
" The three good words I know is , Good , Ball and ... rrrraaaapppeee " - The Handbanana :P 
really needs to start on her pages properly 
hasn't been on facebook in ages ... it be weird .... 
feeling a bit weird ... 
painting .... 
I want to set you on fire ... burn ... 
has to do some work tonight ! 
is at Uni skipping her bookbinding class and doing work . Not exactly comfortable or happy in that class . :s 
facebook is being a shit - won't let me upload my photos : c 
:/ 
nearly finished .. fank fook 
can't wait to get out LCC ! 
King-Cumber :P 
doing her final pieces 
is soooo indecisive 
is back from Falmouth :) 
wants a hug 
sent off now thank god . 
" I'll be home soon lovey . Just gotta find the right bus There , s lady chavs everywhere - like a chav tsumani :p Ha , " bless :') 
doesn't sleep anymore . 
time to die with Chicken tonight ! D: 
Spandau Ballet's " True " is just too epic :P 
has got her photos develop thank god . 
was planning on doing work tonight . But I am too fucking knackered . 
is watching Nosferatu :) 
feeling ill :s 
found a iphone :O 
Moi Je Joue ! <3 
' s dad is playing with a axe in the living room .... 
working into the night . 
is not gunna pass on Thurs . 
printing photographs and re-touvhing up on things . I just can't wait when this is over . 
best song to listen to whilst a deadline is approaching : " Under Pressure " - David Bowie feat . Queen :') 
has done 39/47 lines and has done 3081/4000 character ... how the fuck did I manage that :S 
is thinking of getting a nice bicycle ... 
so poor that I couldn't travel to college :s 
Damaris 
needs to do loads of work today : c 
District 9 is utter Awesome ! 
no wonder , I'm so pessimistic - it's hereditary .... 
... your ex-lover is dead 
needs to sort out her tickets for Scotland . 
undeveloped . 
David Bowie & Queen fucking rule ! <3 
mismatch 
... this is one complete MINDFUCK ... 
is catching up on her 90's dance music ... the memories :') 
i don't know how i've lasted this long ... 
finish personal statement . now to fill the rest out :P 
.... 
bored ... sigh 
:) the white polycarbon body is finally mine 
is in love with Anna Karina <3 
Wishes she was in East hounslow . 
AA is pretty amazing . 
is transferring all her music form her PC to Mac .... it might take ahwhile ... ;P 
is reading " Sophie's World " ... completely forgot how amazing this book was :) 
My mum basically needed to pick me up at lloyds park and she lives 10 minutes away ... and ended up at Chingford . Her journey took 1hrs 45mins ... bless my mum . :') 
feeling ill on christmas day has ruined everything : c 
is having Ramen :) 
shouldn't but does ... 
is bored out of here mind :P 
ugh ... LCC tomorrow ... whoop-a-fuckin'-doo . 
is very bad . 
just heard natalie portman rap ... and damn she is one angry lady :P 
applying to be a model for life drawing . Possible chance that this guy's a complete pervert ... hopefully not :s 
is severely pissed off .... :| 
thinks " Antichrist " was one hell of a film ... sooo buying it :D 
... playground love 
LCC tomorrow ... : C 
Re : Stacks 
u . n . p . r . o . d . u . c . t . i . v . e .... 
can't sleep ... eurgh 
has made the most amazing Lasagne on Monday !! I wish we made more ! 
eurgghhh 
drawing Chapman 
is feeling shitty , seppuku all the way ... 
has managed to finger wave my hair ! D: 
thinks Owen Pallet's new album is the SHIT ! :) 
KOKO tomorrow :) 
COLOPHON 
today was so ridiculously tiring .... needs a hug ... 
finished this god damn essay ! thank fuck 
is going to see Grizzly Bear and Owen Pallett in March !!! 
relaxin ' on the couch :) 
is heading for Norwich today ! D: 
what the hell ?! I got unconditional ? the fuck ... answered their questions pretty shite and i only had the interview this morn ... :S 
good morning :P 
you got loyalty , blud ! :P 
is going to see Grizzly Bear !! :D 
final piece is doing alright , too much wood though :P 
11 Days till my b-day celebration . :) 
is going to sort out things for her interview weds ... :S 
watching Invictus on telly :) 
can't wait to get her SX-70 Camera :') 
ebay is one crazy place ... :s 
bloody ppl bidding :P 
thinks Poirot in the early morning rules . 
does anyone know how to finger wave hair ? or knows a good place to go for it ? 
going to be working through ze night 
can't wait for saturday ! :d 
oh for fuck sakes . 
Whether you'd be using Facebook , text message or any flying birds to send your Birthday wishes . I say Thanks and Good day to you sirs ! ;) 
just woke up now ... gotta go to work soon : C 
creepy b'sterds on chat roulette ... :s 
listening to Miles Davis :) 
wants to go back to prohibition ! : c 
having Jackie D and Cola . I think I'm getting a little light headed ... lol FAIL 
got her Prohibition 1920s tickets for b-day .... AWESOME 
damn you journey and your power ballad !! 
AH ! Prohibition tommorrow ! :) 
... bare hearts ... 
reading Claude Cahun's ' Disavowals ' :) 
someone get me bottle of Absinthe ! that'd be amazing belated birthday present :) 
it'll be a year tomorrow ... 
Vous êtes irremplaçable ? Joe Donohoe 
hair went for the choppers today 
gave up on watching svankmajer tonight - his surrealist films are too much on my fried brain ... 
got her Polaroid camera this morn ' and it works like a charm ;) 
has downloaded Bioshock ... 
back home . Assessment OVER . :) 
social services will never give me a kid with my work hanging about ;p 
Thanks for everyone's birthday wishes ! :) 
is too much of a pussy to play bioshock - need some fellow compadres to assist :P 
eurgghhh can't find this damned artist ! where is your bloody work ! 
E Is for Estranged . 
is going mad for applying for jobs ... some may be vair unrealistic but I can't stop applying :P 
PROHIBITION on New Year's Eve - who wants to go ??? <3 
can't stop listening to Top Shelf Jazz ! It's infectious ! :) 
is going to watch a some short films of Svankmajer in bed :) 
dammit . 
Silver Soul just gives me the chills <3 
has received her Owen Pallett Tickets and has fallen in love with Glory goes and gets some allover again :) 
:) 
Paul's sick today so no tutorial- but I miss my session again :P 
I wanted Jackie Chan to sing tonight :P 
China 2007 : rape on a train , pea flavoured lollies , running round the back roads of china , cowboy hot lol and harriet's instructional video lol great times 
gives up . 
just cooked a banging curry and now it's time to get ready for tonight ;) 
going Norwich tomorrow 
My bf has got into Falmouth ! 
chocolate digestives ... yummm 
Someone's watching Pocahontas in my house :) 
Going to do some work . 
sigh ... 
insignificant . 
hates reading through discussion boards only to find that it turns into a argument ... calm down you guys it's only a internet discussion board :P 
needs to stop procrastinating !!! 
" You may have been made for love ... but I'm just made . " 
my corset still fits me ! :) 
Collecting her B & W film tommorrow :) 
? Haven't you heard ? I am a flightless bird . I am a liar , feeding facts to a false fire . If pathos is borne , borne out of bullshit—-in formal attire , I'll score you a string ensemble .? 
Isgoing to have laser eye surgery 
Tonight was pretty bloody splendid and whoever has my beer cans , I hope your pissed off your cranium ;p 
really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really wants to go to Falmouth !! 
with all the sex James Bond has , you wonder if he ever goes for STD check-ups ? 
Should really finish her packing . 
its probably fake and a con .. but i might as well check it up .... : c 
painting :) 
has gained a true , loyal and irreplaceable friend <3 
using the new PX-100 film .... i'll get the hang of it soon ... sort of :P 
learning Happy Birthday on Toy accordion :) 
I love my Kate ;') 
what to do today ... Brick Ln ? 
nothing like a bit of Tracy Chapman 
watching " The Mask " . Forgotten how funny this film was , ah the nostalgia :) 
is a bit overwhelmed 
Fuck my life major ... Stuck in turkey , practically no resources to do my artwork , deadline approaching fast , interviews that have to be arranged , high possibilty of failing my course major . I want to die . 
is trying to choose between Demontford Uni and Norwich College of Arts :s can't decide ! 
has retrieved vintage cushions from her cupboard ... getting obsessed with interior decorating :P 
eating a whole bowl of Guacamole with crisps .... epic 
i swear people can be really unsupportive . 
:( 
is watching the 1970's version of Jesus Christ superstar ... if only the bible was told that way when i was young ... 
So tired ... :p 
: C 
at 8pm I shall be leaving London , sleeping in Gatwick and flying to Turkey ! 
Jack Daniel's in my bag should be standard . 
Is in her hotel room in turkey . 
Is having a cup of pomegranate tea - it makes any crappy day so much better :) 
is goingnto fail my course by this rate . 
there seems to be a high abundance of cats in Turkey- f'ing awesome . ;) 
leaving for Norwich and still is packing ... I'm too damn slow 
is having laser eye surgery the day after tomorrow 
time to settle down to some work :s 
watching Misfits :) 
Nearly finished packing and then at I'm off to Turkey at 8pm D: 
collecting the lubitel tomorrow :) 
disillusioned . 
Is going to ready for the exhibition . 
eurgh very sleepy but needs to painttt more ... mehhhhhh 
Thank you Juliano Lau for giving up your Lomo Lubitel :) 
What to do today ... hmm ? 
303 out of 1500 .... not actually that bad 
oh my fucking god . House hunting was manic today ... Just got home ... 
bloody volcano ... hopefully i can get home tonight : c 
needs a decent night out 
Hopes that the ash won't crash her plane . This bloody volcano won't stop me going Falmouth ! 
back to work :p 
bored 
if Kandinsky listened to Owen Pallet I wonder how his paintings would look like ? 
time to drink red bull ... 
Happy Birthday Tanya ! And thanks for a Fabulous Night :) <3 
gunna set up for another puff :) 
has realised that she still needs to develop two rolls of film ! 
Nice cover of Creep :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=axrqVfuGHh0&feature=youtube_gdata_player 
that was a weird dream ... 
http://www.thisislondon.co.uk/film/review-23839220-sex-and-the-city-2-is-ugly-on-the-inside.do 

This is probably the best review of SATC . And the most accurate . 
cannot sleep :P 
Is finally home 
has made her uni decision . 
has had a lovely day out : Hot chocolate , photo ephemera and pizza :) 
is leaving for Dartington at 17:06 :D 
damn you Football clashing with my Nacho Libre ! 
Enjoying some sisha in her room :) 
Has finally got her work put up ! Thank god ! 
Might be getting a Lubitel 166B ! Bring on that 120 film dahling ! ;) 
has had a lovely day at the Donohoe residence :) 
listening to IRM . 
wants to back to Fort William and chill with Kate & co in her abode :) 
thinks current tv is a amazing channel :) 
Cocorosie is amazing :) 
is going to upload more photos :) 
midnight surprise . 
is going to bed . 
wants to see Santa Sangre 
fixed her backspace in her typewriter , thank the fuck for screwdrivers 
walk on by ... 
is going to catch up on a week's worth of sleep ! 
cooked a very spicy curry yesterday , time for another one ;) 
knows it's from whence she came , that will destroy her . 
Is loving joanna newsom's new album <3 
Can't sleep ... 
needs a party to chill the fuck out at :) 
time to do some work 
staying up working ... sigh ... 
what should i do today ...? 
got her tickets for totnes ! whoop ! 
I can see ... 
watching looking for Eric 
is really really happy :D 
still hasn't sorted her internet out ! Just chilling in the NUCA library :P 
listening to Tori Amos , ah the nostalgia :') 
getting ready for the London Art trip tomorrow 
ah lemon , honey and ginger tea- so satisfying :) 
working on her CV . 
i guess this is going to be harder than i thought ... 
Can't wait for Sunday :) 
Bt should be supplying our internet soon ! Fuck yeah ! 
attempting to do a painting but getting distracted :P 
hopefully we can get this property ! 
Is happy :) 
Manbearpig ... classic 
back from Dartington ! Thanks you guys for an absolutely amazing time ! 
Has had a interesting evening :) 
is the new Gertrude . 
back from paris yesterday .. 
Had a lovely day :) 
is listening to the Amelie soundtrack - perfect :) 
probably won't sleep tonight 
megafaun/dry the river gig was pretty epic last night :) 
misses people at Darty and the Pimms supply :') 
avaint la haine . 
Loves the epic status commenting : Beth , Kate and me seem to do . If we can get 100 comments for one status . I'll be a happy man :') 
Going to bed 
is grateful <3 
BE RIGHT BACK . GETTIN ' GRUB ! : ' D 
thinking . 
hasn't eaten yet ... now would probably be a good idea 
pretty fed up . 
cleaning and packing ready to return to Mustardland . 
back in Mustardland ;) 
... yeah 
knows that they can't be bothered . 
there's a Indian parade going on in front of my house , drums and everything :) 
some good Motown to end the night :) 
crown of love . 
goodbye . 
Can't sleep 
needs to stop buying velvet dresses . 
my pupils are so dilated .. 
house hunting like mad 
has got her tickets for Falmouth ! Whoop ! ;) 
should get ready for work :S 
cleaning her room up to " The Dreamers " soundtrack . Perfect . :) 
watching Green Wing :) 
bearsharktopus ... genius . 
back from the Wedding :) 
has made the most satisfying curry ever :) 
is is grateful :') 
. 
looking for properties whilst ill ... mehh 
likes spontanaeous messages :) 
might not be homeless afterall . 
Got the Keys for the house it's all coming together ! WHOOP ! 
has red bruises on her eyeballs ... 
everyone is moving into Norwich and I am not ready at all :S 
meh .... house hunting 
stressed ! 
if i don't reply or etc it's only because I'm cooking another curry :) 
they're dropping off like flies ... 
no more £1 whisky and cokes for me :P 
needs to sort out her packing for Falmouth . 
so tired ... 
sigh 
watching old Jackie Chan films 
GO UTERA MAXIMA , I CHOOSE YOU ! 
chilling out to Serafina Steer :) 
is back home - epic walks tonight :P 
has just received a really lovely postcard <3 
needs to effing sleep :P 
Anyone want to share delivery on an order from urbanoutfitters.co.uk? with me and Anushka ? :D 
tutorials tomorrow- this is going to be a massive fail ... :s 
housing's a bitch . 
is killing it off . 
this housing thing is coming together now :) 
orange has to be the most bullshitty network ever . 
needs to find something to wear on Saturday ! 
I have to finish my packing tonight ! 
John stezaker exhibition was pretty buff :) 
gunna go and get me a potato :) 
it's 3am ... crappity . 
GSOH 
excuse the girly status but : I don't know what to wear ! 
absolutely bored , might go out and wander about the town and get me some collage material :) 
is unbelievably stressed .... 
<3 CocoRosie 
This Lamb Sells Condos ... 
bleak 
why can't I find any books on Dada and Surrealism ! 
packing for Falmouth :D 
In retrospect watching a whole nights worth of Jackie chan films probably wasn't advisable 
Watching Bugsy Malone :) 
is moving in on Saturday :P 
bored ... 
throat hurts :( 
thinking of visiting folks in LA or going to New York in June ... hmm 
quite like Etching :) 
had a lovely day :) 
is hopefully doing Painting and Print inductions ... 
what am i doing ... 
is going to have to do loads of work this weekend ! Wish me luck ! 
is packing still ! Leaving tomorrow so this might be the last internet thing I put up . :P 
Chilling in the living room having a Martini :) 
" ... If time is my vessel , then learning to love , Might be my way back to sea . " 
internet is finally sorted :) 
we have no more TV :P 
going to have a showerrrrr brb :) 
has to reimburse so many ppl ... sorry :S 
really happy :) 
time to get a new ipod ... mine is completely fucked . 
feeling dizzy , I better get up and do some work :P 
is feeling better after a nice bike ride ... and I am currently stealing someone's internet ... nifty morning 
" he glided in liquid smooth ... " hahahaha 
is being ridiculously unproductive ! argh !!! 
when your room gets so cold that you can see your breathe ... you just have screw saving money on the heating bill . 
another night of Kung fu madness ... this time - Bruce Lee :P 
... everyone has left , I'm the last one in the house . 
is having a massive spag bowl and possibly doing an all nighter of work :P 
should really go down and do work 
300 words ... 650-ish to go :p 
borrrreeeedddd 
time for a quick break and then back to work :) 
who's going out tonight ? 
is packing for Falmouth and failing :s x 
watching Une femme est une femme :) 
miss you :) 
oops :s 
feeling dizzy 
Essay Done , now to sort out other small bits of paper work :) 
has to do some work today ! :P 
Is back in the Stow- brrrrraaaappp brap E17 :p 
public pervert . 
what's this ... I think I have received my student loan ...? 
two allnighters here I come :) 
It's nice looking back on your old work :) 
needs a break . 
had a nice Christmas curry , company with the Donohoes . Perfect christmas gift : Antichrist DVD on Christmas Day ! 
packing her bags and getting ready to return back to london ... oh how I've missed you London :) 
well that was a fail :/ 
Insheeption :) 
needs to pack away her laptop soon :P 
is so failing at work right now :s 
is so close to giving up . 
needs to lie down feeling a bit dizzy 
really wants a tattoo ... 
going out to get her phone sorted at last :P 
My eyelids are swollen ... fantastic 
has got 3mm in her ear :) 
Just watched Catfish - good film :) 
i just want things back as they were . 
my phone is inactive :( so if you need to contact me , email , fb chat or etc 
That was an interesting experience . lol 
I've enquired on about 20+ properties one of them must be able to be nabbed . 
might have some noodles :) 
just got visited by the police , our our Pizza delivery man has been a victim of a robbery . 
is in bed at last :) 
treating myself to some shisha- its been a long day 
gunna clean her room , people checking the house tomorrow D: 
need to defrost those prawns ... D: 
has made a delicious meal/packlunch now I gotta clean up .... meh 
time to actually sort things out :P 
tempted to start a diet , which means inevitable fail . :P 
im embarking on watching Killer Klowns from outer space .... " in space no one can eat ice cream ! " with Cheri ;) 
White lies was pretty good last night :) 
Cooking my pack lunch 
meh .... :( 
Enjoying a few glasses of white Grenache For white lies :) 
feeling fresh and clean :) 
..... hmmm thought that would happen 
needs to get ready :P 
for everyone who just got spammed sorry stupid facebook spams :/ 
Sorry to everyone who got this stupid spam " you're stalking me creep " post on their wall . it's spam and basically i accidently clicked on something and its fucking about with my facebook and I can't get rid of it . sorry PLEASE IGNORE IT :S 
I'm officially 20 ... D: 
is finding it ever so difficult to start this essay :/ 
planning thoroughly my essay and then I'm going to take this sucker down :P 
Thanks Everybody for the birthday wishes- They were very much appreciated ;) <3 
Just got a lovely pressie ! Thank you Cheri <3 :) 
Essay time .. time to do it :P 
May the lecture God of Surrealism help me in essay crisis 
epic night last night ! Riverside motherfucker ;) 
Go away stupid stomach pain , I want to do my work :( 
i wish David Bowie would magically appear in my room take me away and make me forget about my essay . 
go away pain ... 
feeling inspired :) 
804 words of utter merde ... 
1010 words done . time to do bibliography and sort out research and I'll get drinking :) 
is going to have some soup and bread and then write a bit more notes and do my bibliograph ... and finally give up all is lost now ... 
woke up with no hangover nice :) 
I'm so glad , I am not like that . :P 
why is she so loud ... 
last night was pretty bloody epic :) 
ugh ... please don't enter my personal space please ... 
... sigh ... 
is getting back into her patrick wolf again :P 
to do a performance art induction or not :P 
back from a lovely movie night with Gabriella Prior , Antichrist and The Labyrinth- what a combo ;) 
nothing like listening to Beirut on a beautiful day like this :) 
is going to wait for her washing to finish and then perhaps venture into the woods ? :P 
back from the woods and did some photography :) 
has been productive today : hoovered the living room , did my laundry did some woodland photography :) 
i playing Pokemon Yellow online ... oh the nostalgia 
watching how-to guides to Taxidermy :P 
going to clean her bedroom :P 
cillit bang is amazing :) 
I miss you sooo much Kate Rolison ! <3 
had a lovely day drinking Mocha with Finley Norton-Brignell :) 
and Cheri Smith are on a liking spree ! <3 
Had a lovely night out :) 
enter my room and my desk chair is missing ... asleep in my bed and she enters my room midnight wanting to use my shower . Regardless whether or not I answer the door or not . I normally have patience and understanding , but this is a pisstake now . 
settling down with some Amaretto and coke , contemplating life so far ... 
is Super Sloth . 
had a lovely walk in the sun , got 20 rolls of film for £20 , Oil Paint and informed of a Penis shaped Jelly bean- I think today has been successful :) 
going into town , to bored within house walls . 
drinking whisky and coke in the birdcage contemplating . 
Arcade Fire and Beirut in June ! :D 
loving a bit Andre Breton :) 
in the birdcage again enjoying some once herbal tea and reading :) 
has finished reading nadja now time for mad love and the bell jar :p 
patrick wolf on Tuesday ... to go or not to go :P 
has bought Venus de Milo 
at this rate all my money will go to gigs .... 
is loving Beach House , it's ridiculously gorgeous . 
stressful day ! 
feeling ill .... 
finished watching Les Amant Reguliers- not bad :) 
a perfect day to sit a cosy cafe and do some work :) 
will be off to the library soon-ish :P 
In franks bar eating olives and filling in her sketchbook 
just had a lovely vegan dinner in a Routemaster bus with Joe :) <3 
sort of infuriating ... 
has done a load of washing- feeling productive :) 
south park chilli con carne episode whilst eating chili con carne . hell yeah ;) 
" let me taste your tears scott , yummy " lol 
time to sort my room and life out :P 
Good morning 
listening to Bon Iver in the early morning :) 
me and Cheri Smith need to stop listening to Enrique Iglesias on repeat ... ' tis gettin ' scary ... :P 
sighhh 
london tickets booked 
leaving for london tomorrow ! and none of my packing is ready .. :P 
spicy chilli , onion and olive omellette :) 
is failing at packing her bags ... 
Nico is the shit :) 
back in the ' Stow with my Bari Uke and cameras ... all is right with the world :) 
me and my dad are playing with walkies talkies in the living room ... my dad is epic . 
borrreeed ... 
could do with a jack and coke right now :) 
green wing is on .. and secretan is hitting on his mum ... noooo D: 
Dragonball z t-shirts at Uni qlo ? tempted ... 
listening to The Dresden Dolls , ah the memories ;) 
siiighhhh 
3rd series of Moral Orel is good ... but depressing 
really really wants to do an Artist residency ! 
pineapple juice and absolut vodka ... nice :) 
cannot do special lemon tricks . 
watching The Prestige :) 
Back in Norwich :) 
my sister has a cat in her room and sending pic of it to make me jealous . 
anyone know a place that sells A2 frames for cheap in the norwich city centre ? 
have my costume ready and now it's time to paint ! 
i'm done not painitng more for the exhibition . I'm knackered :P 
exhibition done ! and all the tutors think I'm retarded at hanging frames ;D 
ah i made my omelette too spicy ! 
needs more fleetwood mac on her ipod :P 
after all these years it's starting to make sense ... 
will go into uni at some point today and get her work down ... feeling ill though :/ 
gettinggrub :) 
