Why's everyone changing their profile pic now ? 
Getting caught talking about Health = LMAO 
Must ... get ... iTunes ... to ... open ... grrrrrrr ... 
listening to KiSS 92.5 , ( unwillingly ) catching the sex show , got sooooo many new questions for Ms. Gousis >.> 
is currently ticked at how certain shows ended ... grrr 
So tired . a . Went to Fairview Library , hoping to play computer for 3.5 hrs b . found out it was closed ... forgot it was summer and a sunday D= c . met friend d . then went to the mall AKA played with iPad at the Apple Store for a long time e . HAD FUNN 
( Not necessarily in that order , switch d and e ) LOL JK 
FUUUUUUUUUUUU .. mom listening to asain ... chinese music and hates earbuds >.> 
First time I used the " Repeat this song " thingy button ... so ... awesome ... 
Portugal 2 - 1 Germany in FIFA Finals !!! Changed mostly cuz of Brazil/Spain failing their first match ...... and that I actually have a complete bracket filled out now 
Did the Flyers just do that ? CRAP . 
LMAO !! [ The Big Bang Theory Season 3 Episode 8 ] Penny got injured in the shower and needs to get dressed . Sheldon's forced to help , eyes closed . While trying to get her arm into the sleeve : 
" Is that my arm ? " 
" It doesn't feel like an arm " 
" Then maybe u should let it go " 
" Alrighty " 
So bored ... So not sleepy ... oh it's 2AM ? mmk bye ppl , gtg listen to MP3 cuz no one's gonna do anything on Facebook this late 
Sheet ... ran outta pop watching Big Bang Theory ..... 
Holy smokes !! I hate you YTV , you ruined Fullmetal Alchemist and Eureka Seven for me by making me used to the English Voice Actors ... * goes read manga * 
WTF ... last time I click everything on this news feed .... 
Ugh ... ( is Palumbo work what we're calling it now ? ) ... * stares at Notification thingy waiting for Facebook to save me * 
@ Library getting pissed at people listening to Baby around me 
is getting pissy about how his comp only has 5 USB Ports , 3 of which actually work >.> 
BORED . ( Also , for all of u that care , Season 2 , Ep 5 , BBT ) 
Dam , I actually finished ! 947 ! New Record ! 
Alright , time to mess with Family Members thingy ... 
Hiccups ... soo annoying ...... ugggh 
Wondering if it's good or bad that Facebook is distracting me from hw 
Finally found wifi !!! BTW , Adam bowled a 69 through 10 frames , LOL 
WEIRDEST . INTERVIEW . EVAR . 
Must beat ppl's records in MindJolt ... ( Yay ! Topped Mary's 370 , took a while ) 
Ahhh , so repetitive , so boring , must find long(endless ... ) RPG game 
Running out of Albums to go through and comment on . Ugh ... only 12:51 ... 
Pissed @ Megavideo's 72min limit 
Holy Crap ! 2-1 Habs . Ovechkin and the Caps just got served 
Art gets ppl hyper ... 
Sheldon : Oh look , Saturn 3 is on . 
Raj : I don't wanna watch Saturn 3 , Deep Space 9 is better 
Sheldon : How is Deep Space 9 better than Saturn 3 ? 
Raj : Simple subtraction would tell you it's 6 better . 
Leonard : Compromise , watch Babylon 5 . 
Sheldon : In what sense is that a compromise ? 
Leonard : Well , 5 is part-way between 3 a ... nevermind . 
Challenge Accepted . 
If you like this status , I will post on yourwall something I like about you . Make this as your status if you want a challenge 
in bed on itouch listening to music =D battery dying better turn wifi off 
Sanda ... scawee 
ROFL . Atharva Gokhale , Jacky Hargow Suimai & others .. you were totally right . 
Me : " Do you know who you're voting for ? " 
Dad : " Not Ford , he's so fat & ugly " 
Feels bad for all those mass-click games .. and especially lol'd at " Brilliant Clicks " U guys do know what click looks like .. right ? ( cl = d ) 
Woah , looked at my report card again , all of Mrs. Palumbo's marks are multiples of 5 this term ... wtf ... 
Haha , adding " in bed " at the end of a fortune in a fortune cookie worked 6/6 for me so far :o 
The best one being : You will be successful in whatever you do 
WTF ... my dad's reeeeally pissed , apparently because I've slept like a total of 10hrs the past 3 days ... now I have to try harder to ignore him , usually it's easy to go " blah blah blah I dun care " 
blackhawks win the cup . 
Zopper Li EPIC FAILED/ Got Swore at by Stranger Lady on trip today !!!!! 
ROFL .. EPIC FAIL : " How do you play poker with 2 cards ? " 
Celtics up 23-14 first quarter 
I wonder how lefties use a mouse ... do they just put it on the other side or what ? 
Lakers Win !!! Too Bad Caitlin Ho 
On FaceBook at school ... niice ( okay fine , it's like the last few days of school , but sure ) 
Yay ! 2:52 AM ... I shall go sleep nao ... which reminds me ... Me and Jacky had a convo which involved me telling a story of what I do because I think sleep is overrated . Last part was " Play with iTouch in bed " ... jeez you have to point that out , Jacky ? >.> 
I totally have two shows that are returning for another season this Fall that I'm waiting for now =P One on Sept . 23 , the other in October ... meanwhile , I shall go look for other stuffs to watch nao 
Haha , just noticed I don't even call it " cartoons " anymore , now , it's American anime ... 
Dammit , I have to learn to NOT read comments or wiki something until I'm done the WHOLE series ... grr ... learning not to over-think things would help too ... 
has totally just heard the best Sexual Joke that isn't overused 
I hate how notifs include the word " also " now .... 
Woo ! Pulled all-nighter playing games on iTouch and watching TV ... now to pretend-sleep for a bit cuz my parents know I'm not waking up at 6:30 , even if it wasn't summer 
GAHHH ! French Teacher made it feel like Gr . 1 All over again ... GAHHH 
I think I found out why I don't remember how the last few letters in the alphabet are ordered ... the song playing in my head gets too annoying by then ........ 
Heh .. DPA was surprisingly painful for skipping ... I guess 30 minutes actually non-stop hurts ... on the other hand , I actually feel " in shape " now ... 
HOLY FK ! Reset all the play counts on my iPod last week , now the top one has 328 plays , and the second ? 11 . 
Ohaidere 2011 ... I'm going to hate you >.< 
enjoys going " WDF " when he finds characters that have the same voice actor/ess . 
has a new 12 " x20 " monitor :o 
Dammit , hw feels in-full-swing now ... 
WDF ... just me or does FB have like a Face-Finder on pics now ? o_O 
has suddenly gotten addicted to tetris . Before today I was like " Screw Tetris " so .. ierno how it happened >.> 
Homework is stupid . I hate writing poetry . This assignment sucks . 

~ The Haiku I wrote rather than do the Haiku I was supposed to write 
Hmm .... who's the one with a gazillion different shades of green marker ?... 
o_O ... I has found the first thing that was rewatchable to me ( Broke the previous record of 1 episode rewatched =P ) 
wonders how long it'll take for BBT S4 Ep 1 to get on the internet ... 
has a BAD feeling about his FS group , and it'll stay there until I actually find out next week =( 
Odang ... JUST . ( which is quite surprising ) found out that Justin lived like ... the distance between Tyrrell and Mac away :o ~ Same ... set ? of Condos 
Oh and , any reason everyone's pic is cartoon-y now ? 
CHRISTTTMASSSSZZZ , it still doesn't feel like it >.< 
ROFL . 
Daniel : So who's making the Hot Cocoa ? 
Me : Ben and Alex ... I think ? 
Daniel : HAHA 
GG . Alouettes win :o 
Nuuuuu , teh Wi-Fi I always leech off of got a password ;_; 
Dear all you authors , directors , etc . : People like getting what they expect , especially in the ending/last chapter , jeez 
@ Kami Nomi zo Shiru Sekai/The World God Only Knows EP 12/Season 1 Final Ep : ............................ HOLY SHI --- 
