urrgh ... I'm generally not the worrying type of person , it gets me down . I hate this . 
They're coming to take me away , haha ! They're coming to take me away , ho-ho , hee-hee , ha-haaa , to the funny farm where life is beautiful all the time and I'll be happy to see those nice young men in their clean white coats and they're coming to take me aw 
thinks a certain broher of hers should be a tad more considerate and close itunes when he goes out so she can update hers ... If it were'nt for me you wouldn't have been able to buy that book today ! 
is concerned at the number of converastions regarding megan fox's hotness that she has had with daniel ... 
Just can't bring myself to watch Eagle vs Shark . No reason why like . 
I've got hurt feelings , I got hurt feelings ;D 
I'm so gangster u could find me baking cookies at night 
ahhh Jess be happy now =] 
I'm so ganster you could find me baking cookies at night 
I ? Hombre Lobo ! 
Ahh the beautiful sound of The Vitamin String Quartet . What more could I need ? Well , some food would go down quite nicely but there again the kitchen is ALL the way downstairs . 
Just heard one of the Arctic Monkey's new singles and I must admit it sounds fairly decent . You can actually hear how Josh Homme has influenced them so the music isn't half bad . The lyrics could do with a bit of work mind ... But good old Josh Homme seems 
It's just dawned on me just how quiet this house is . Aww I can't help but feel a tad lonely now ! Oh well , I do enjoy my own company although it is depressing that even the cat wont sit with me ... haha =] 
can't be bothered to go out today ... think I'll just watch house =] 
Think I can hear my phone ringing ... Oh well , I'll check it later . 
Am I the only person who isn't paticularly worried about results day ? Seriously kids chillax , there's no use in worrying about something that cannot yet be changed . If you fail anything you can resit , it's not the ideal situation but hey , it's not the end of the world either . 
is hungry ... but the kitchen is downstairs & I'm up here =/ 
is content ^_^ 
wants sunday dinner now ... worst part is I can smell it but it's not ready yet =/ 
Shepherds pie , shepherds pie , I'm gonna get me some shepherds pie ! 
Still on a buzz from Blur on friday , such a good gig =] 
is not happy . 
doesn't understand her new phone - can't even work out how to call someone from it , very pathetic indeed . 
is playing back in black ' cause I'm just that cool I sit and play along to AC/DC songs on my guitar . 
why does it take so long to sync my ipod ?! 
Yay the roadworks are finnished in my street ! No more being woke up at stupid o'clock in the morning ' cause of drilling . =] 
can't remember what she went on the laptop for ... 
" is jihad a muslim god ? " - Sarah Kate . I love that girl . 
xxx Holic is a supprisingly addictive series ... awww anime is a guilty pleasure 
is knackered . 
Oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh mysterious girl . I wanna get close to you ! Haha the songs I get stuck in my head are ridiculous : D 
as leader of the Phagocytes , I is gonna go pac-man on yo ass ! Haha , I love it when me , Kathryn Close & Becca Goble work together on Becca's biology homework . =D 
oops ... I was meant to put a jacket potato in the oven over 30mins ago . I'll just go do that now . 
can't stop listening to Ten Masked Men for some reason ... 
Charles Darwin is Danny Meek ! Ice barrel skater ! =D 
finnished the essay . Not sure if I did it properly but we'll soon find out if I did . 
thinks it still doesn't quite feel like a friday . 
ISN'T RENEE ZELLWEGER'S LOVE CHILD ! DON'T LOOK ANYTHING LIKE HER ! 
wishes facebook would stop telling her to make facebook better for others ... 
Othello essay . Why did I think it would be a good idea to choose the hard question ? 
thinks a certain * brother of hers should be a tad more considerate and close itunes when he goes out so she can update hers ... If it were'nt for me you wouldn't have been able to buy that book today ! * just noticed the typo , god that's a fail ... 
Is thrilled to find out that EELS are releasing another new album , End Times . I'm slightly amazed that they're releasing this so soon after their latest ablum . For anyone who is interested , End Times is due to be released on January 19th 2010 . 
Lola . Lo- lo - lo - lo - Lo - la ! 
just got in from a rather nice day out with Kathryn Close & Becca Goble <3 
why does facebook keep telling me I should talk to Gavin Anderson ? 
is wondering if the snow will ever go away . 
No facebook , I do not wish to reconnect with * Insert Name Here * I don't feel the need to constantly validate our friendship with wall posts & messages . 
' moff for I grow tired of facebook . Later kids . xo 
is soooo happy I managed to salvage that essay =] 
is drawing a little pic of Lady Gaga ... snow day boredom ! 
I wish Gary Numan would stop distracting me from my work ... 
is going to go play Monkey Island =] 
We're laughing at you , we're pointing your way . * I MUST BE STRONG * We're laughing at you we know all about your games you know what they say * I'VE GOT TO BE STRONG * 
It's a Motherfu- MONSTER TRUCKER !!! Aww I love Mr E =] 
has just finnished reading through EVERY last note I have EVER made in psychology . 
Anyone struggling with philosophy & ethics revision : on the VLE there are loads of powerpoints/notes that Wintaz & Barron have put up . There is also ethics stuff from some other person that is a lot easier to understand ! 
thinks that if there was a God , then he wouldn't let me be ill on a weekend . Jus ' sayin ' ... 
Anyone know what that psychology revision website that Mrs Meek told us about was ? 
Ahh roulette , my favourite game ... aside from Call Of Duty . 
I wait , I wait , I wait , I wait ! My time is water down the drain ... 
doesn't even know why she is bothering with this essay ... Probably gonna just save myself the trouble and drop the subject . 
knees & back hurt but I really cannot be bothered to go and grab a chair . Guess I'll just keep kneeling infront of the desk then . 
just one more CD to put on my laptop & I have Gary Numan's entire discography . (: 
It was me , I killed Archie Mitchell . FACT . 
is anyone in english language actually gonna be able to finnish everything by last lesson themorra ? 
' s english language c/w is as good as it will ever be . Now to print and relax . (: 
Shameless in 5 mins =) 
Can't believe that both me and Sarah Kate have literally just created the exact same group for facebook ... Well there's 2 now ! 
is in the Apple shop with Kathryn Close & Sarah Kate :D 
is having a bit of a crisis . 
Hopefully , because I made my english language c/w look really good then it will get better marks ... If not , I just wasted a lot of time moving text and images around and changing all the colours . 
feels kinda nerdy . 
Tommorow's lineup : 2hrs of nothing that will probably end up being spent shopping in town , 1hr of psychology followed by 2hrs of c/s . Wow , that's so thrilling . 
Okay , I watched Gok's fashion fix & 2 episodes of Wife Swap USA . Now it's time to get down to work ... 
Now the party don’t start till I walk in 
You know when you spend hours on an essay and don't save it for a while then your laptop decides to crash just to spite you because you didn't save it ? Yeah , I could cry . 
it's been a canny little weekend so far :) 
I feel like I have been quarantined . 
is having a guitar session :) 
Elliot Smith <3 
is on a QOTSA binge . 
I was stranded on a planet , Just me and Spock , we met a nasty nazi alien who locked our asses up . We found a hunk of crystal and a metal piece of bed , we made a laser phaser gun and shot him in the head . 
is actually awake before midday . 
" That naked woman was really nice " - Kathryn . 
M- m -m - my sherona ! :D 
has got a nice bruise on my face . Great . 
Scaramouch , Scaramouch , will you do the Fandango ... ( 8 ) 
I may not have the notes I need to write my essay , but I do however have two pages of the wombles theme lyrics . I'm blaming you Becca Goble . 
Just a little bit more preperation before heading out with the girls ;) 
the show went really well tonight ! 1 down , 3 to go . Only just got the adrenaline rush xD 
Anyone know the name of that animated movie with Keanu Reeves in it where he's on drugs and he sees the little bugs and all that . The animation looks weirdly realistic and it goes kinda trippy . Anyone ? 
Snow day <3 :) 
Actually got up for nothing . All my teachers are stuck abroad because of the volcano . 
can't find my bus pass . Fabulous . 
est extrêmement ennuyé . 
thinks it's nice to be home although it has been a good few days :) 
loves a nice bit of Queens of the Stone Age in the common room like :D 
is lying in bed , listening to Blur whilst reading The Adventures Of Sherlock Holmes : IX . The Adventure Of The Engineer's Thumb . 
My bed hair makes me look like David Bowie in the movie Labyrinth . 
What's that Basshunter ? You can walk on water AND you can fly ? Hmm , sounds like a little step up from Jesus . 
has had a beautiful day of doing absolutely nothing in the sun . ^___^ 
Sometimes I'm really tempted to just cut all my hair off ... 
Gary Numan isn't going to be releasing a new album for a while & neither will Nine Inch Nails . However , Trent Reznor & Gary Numan are going to team up to make music . Awesome . 
Has not only just watched Star Trek , but actually enjoyed it . 
Ahh , hiya sun . Did you come out ' cause I left my sunglasses at home ? Typical . 
Devo - Whip it <3 
Heston is actually a genius . 
is going to attempt to cook a baked alaska despite my hatred of both cake and meringue . I bet the ice cream melts and it goes shambolic . 
bus pulled into the stop just as I got there . SCORE . 
Opening night tonight ! 7:30 @ The Cluny . £5 for students/elderly/children , £7 for adults . Get yourself down there ! 
is having a lush night with the girls :) 
it's a good job I decided to read over/edit this essay . " Nietzsche is highly critical of Christianity , though he does like Jesus . " 
He's got wit , he's got charm but , when he gets rough he'll break your arm . 
just hit my injection arm . Gonna pretend that doesn't hurt . 
Nowt like listenin ' to a bit of Maddness while you're getting ready to go out :) 
' s headache is starting to go away . 
just pulled a muscle through laughing/coughing . 
Sat on my own in the middle of town waiting for the bus home . I'm cold and slightly lonely . 
is fully aware I'm running late but y'know what , I'm ill & it's cold so I couldn't care less . 
would just like to thank everyone who voted conservative for ruining the country for the rest of us . 
I don't like this essay . I don't know any specialist football terminology . Stupid english language . 
" I'll draw you a walrus ... Do they have feet ?... Well it's got one foot now ... " Hahaha : ' D I do love Kebblett for drawing me strange animals . <3 
Show tonight , 7:30 @ The Cluny , buy tickets on the door from £5 - £7 . It's a good laugh . Yes , I'm advertising this like there's no tomorrow . 
Has been spoilt today . New top , new shoes , new leggings = incredibily happy Jess . =D 
Good morning world :D 
is listening to The Vitamin String Quartet version of Karma Police <3 ... whilst doing psychology work . 
Thanks for all the birthday messages you beauts ! Muchos love <3 
Election day . It'll be nice to finally see who's turn it is to ruin the country . 
HEY FACEBOOKERS ! Get yourself down to The Cluny on either Thursday , Friday or Saturday at 7:30 ( or even at 2:30 Saturday afternoon ) . Tickets are like £5 , you know you want to ;D 
had a nice afternoon stroll with my janni <3 
I'm not afraid to admit that I <3 Toy Story . 
Time for a nice bit of The Clash me thinks . ^____^ 
needs a job . Hire me please ? 
is in a lush mood today . Thankyou sunshine . :D 
Nowt like a bit of gypsy punk on a monday evening . :) 
Anyone else think those ' eco-friendly ' easter eggs are a bit ... Well , pointless ? 
1 , 2 X is coming for you . 3 , 4 better lock your door . 5 , 6 get your crucifix . 7 , 8 don't stay up late ... Ahh gotta love DMX (: 
i want your mam . 
Nowt like a bit of The Clash in the morning :) 
Ahh Tim Curry has the best voice in the world . 
Just picked up my guitar only to notice that someone has took my favourite plectrum . Quite gutted tbh . =/ 
now regrets not bringing a different pair of shoes to wear to get home in . 
Evo was mint . Completely knackered now though . 
FAME Lady Gaga the comic ... Really ? Good god there's Taylor Swift and Robert Pattinson ones too . 
has just been inspired , I now like this essay . 
I have swollen glands , ache all over , am finding it hard to breathe and feel totally dizzy . Looks like it's the doctors again for me tomorrow . Sick of my life . 
it is nice to be home :) 
' Welcome to the city of Newcastle ' ... How strange , never realised I'd left Newcastle . 
is going to buckle down & do some hardcore revision . Urgh . 
is actually orange , it's ridiculous . NO MORE FAKE TAN . 
is getting ready to go out . However , my earring just fell apart as I was about to put it in . D: 
Show me the way to the next whiskey bar ... ? 
Hello study leave . No early mornings for another month , that's gotta be the only pro of exams (: 
is off to go do community service like the nice person I am ;) 
as much as I enjoyed the weekend , it feels sooo nice to be at home all nice and clean ^___^ 
morning revision sessions will be the death of me . 
is in the common room with Kebblett . Slightly bored . 
What did I do today ? I watched Come Dine With Me and then decided to cook . Damn , I'm cool . 
reckons it should be saturday tomorrow . 
Hmm ... I'm up & already dressed but it's way too early to leave right now . 
Days like this make me glad that I have yet to find employment . 
' s new shoes make her roughly the same height as Kathryn Close . Although she too will be wearing heels so I'll still look like a midget >.< 
simply can not find the motivation to get out of this nice , warm , cosy bed . On the plus side , it's friday :) 
finds it unfair that most people have appeared to have finnished their exams already when I still have one left . 
And now , to do something productive ... Oh hi Pacman DX . 
Wow , the status updates today are a bit depressing like . Cheer up guys , life is good :) 
is so graceful that she just tripped over her own feet and faceplanted the wall . Such a lady ... 
Someone come buy something . I've only sold 2 things . 
could quite easily curl up in bed right now and sleep . 
is practically deaf and has an exam tomorrow . Gotta appreciate the little things in life that make it just that little bit better ... =/ 
Naomi Cavanagh is smarter than me . FACT . 
* smells burning * oh christ , it's my shoe on the heater . Oops . 
I like how literally anything and everything is a distraction right now . 
There's so much to do before you die . 
has just realised how dark I actually am compared to my normal skin colour . 
has a good feeling about today :) 
if your left leg is thanksgiving and your right leg is christmas ... Can i visit you between the holidays ? ;D 
would like to thank the many people who have said " God Jess , you look ill . " to me today , made me feel loads better . Honestly people , I'm fine . 
well philosophy exam , some proof against God's existance that ties in with the problem of evil & suffering is that Cameron is sat in No . 10 basking in his own ego . 
isn't nervous about the exam but the ' what if my pen runs out ' fear has kicked in at an irrational level and so I have 5 back up pens just incase . 
love a nice bit of Blur in the morning :) 
okay so I got up early to tidy and do some last minute revision and then ended up watching Mythbusters and a live acoustic set by The Pixies instead ... Oops . 
I won my first cage fight last week . That budgie didn't know what hit him . Haha creased at Kathryn's jokes like . 
Sarah Kate draws the best maps informing me of the many bus routes I can use :D <3 
I resent that I'm up right now when I could still be in bed . 
just proof read an essay I wrote for Utilitarianism , it was fine until I got to one paticular sentence in my conclusion : " Utilitarianism sets out to achieve the right thing and it is because of this that I believe it to be unacceptable . " 
I wish Stephen Fry narrated my life and gave me little hints and advice as to what I should do . 
Oh hiya dodgy tan lines . Now I feel silly for saying I don't tan , I swear I don't usually ! 
Y'know when you wait an hour for a bus and then just give up and get on the first one that comes even though it doesn't drop you off where you want to be ?... 
Has an idea for a fun little music experiment & requires musicians/song writers/etc . 
I really like the ' smart ' zombie from Land Of The Dead . 
has just got 100% on psychology questions & therefore thinks I am justified in going out today . 
' s hair looks proper ginger today ... 
is like an hour early . How the hell did that happen ?! 
The floor has stopped rippling , yay ! 
What disney character should I dress up as ? 
Pepé & The Juggernauts <3 
Just woke up on the floor . Guess I fell asleep listening to Elliot Smith . Don't know how like , my head was next to the speakers . 
Saying as the public are paying for part of Prince William & Kate's wedding , if they get divorced , does that mean the money will be refunded ? 
is getting prepared to leave for the midnight walk . (: 
why do people insist on waking me up ? 
rude awakening by next door cutting the grass . Ahh well , my fault for leaving my window open all night . 
Okay , 3rd Beck song in a row . My ipod certainly likes to mix things up when I put it on shuffle ... 
Last exam over . Happy days . 
' s laptop battery just died , serves me right for not fully charging it really . My apologies to the people I was talking to . 
is going to attempt to draw up a design or two for Omi's tattoo . Time to try and make flowers look more manly . 
Tonight will be proper good man <3 
' s toe is bleeding . It looks like I've got a little stone stuck in it . I can deal with this so long as I don't get blood stains on my white shoes . 
is quite happy to be home . (: 
Note to self : bring spare shoes to get home in after a night out . Heels are not good . 
sincerely hope that when the swelling goes down , my nose is still it's normal shape & that my face doesn't end up bruised . 
SH 6th formers - is it week 1 or 2 ? 
wants some toast . Anyone want to make it for me so I don't have to move ? 
What to do today ? Might just sit around watching The Mentalist . 
new shoes make Jess a very happy person :) 
looks like it's going to rain . I may regret this outfit choice later ... 
Question : Is it illegal to steal sand from the beach ? I'm currently arguing about this . 
Really can't be bothered with writing personal statements today . 
Almost time for chrismas night out with the lasses :) 
The world is a vampire ... 
has just got in . Had a good night :) 
did I seriously just watch politics being explained through Bill & Ben the flower pot men on TV or was that all just a part of some weird dream ? 
stupid cat is sitting on my head . As if that's going to convince me to get out of bed to feed her . 
Might replay Fable 3 and resist the urge to be evil so I get the good ending this time . 
didn't even have a lesson today . Went in for literally nothing . Not that I'm complaining , I love having a random day off . 
I need a job ... So I wanna be a paperback writer ;D 
Last day of 6th form FTW . 
Deep Purple live on VintageTV . Mint . 
I'm heaven sent , so eloquent and curiously I entertain your tiny brain so spuriously . 
could really do with some human contact . 
I would go out tonight , but I haven't got a stitch to wear ... Lol JK , I'm on me way out the door . 
has labyrinthitus which is quite frankly the coolest sounding illness I've haver had . 
I've got blisters on me fingers ! 
is on a roll . This may just be one of my more productive monday mornings in quite some time . 
What day is it ? I've just realised I have no concept of time anymore ... 
is bored and in need of some good banter . 
if there's one thing working in retail has taught me , it's how much I hate people . 
If people would put my stuff back where I had it then I wouldn't mind so much when they ' borrow ' it , in fact , I probably wouldn't even notice they'd used it . 
is on a boat with Jade and Roisin :) 
Alice Cooper is such a lovely man , he melts my heart xD 
is in an amazingly lush mood :D 
okay , so I've finnished packing in like what , 10 mins ? I knew it wouldn't take that long . 
Goddamn , it's sad when you hear parents complaining that their kids are off school . Hell , it's dangerous to send little kids out in this :/ 
Quadrophenia is on telly <3 
Lets face it , changing your profile picture to a cartoon isn't going to stop kids getting abused . If you're that passionate about the cause , why not do something useful like actually donating to the charity ? 
Think I'll get ready and then watch The Crazies before I go out . 
had a great night . Tired now like . 
Results day is looming but hey , remember kids you can't spell FAILED with out an A ! ;) 
loves reading but hates having the light on . Guess I should learn how to read braille ... 
has passed everything :D 
scraggy hair , no makeup . Can't shake the feeling that I'm going to walk into someone I know . 
has had a lovely day out with Jade . Still amazed that she was right when she said it's illegal to steal sand xD 
facebook mobile changed the layout again ... I don't like it now . 
not gonna lie , DC Universe has kind of took over my life ... 
I should really dry my hair and get ready but I lack the motivation . 
* inserts witty status update here * 
One bus just didn't show up , another one broke down and the other one was ' Not In Service ' for no particular reason . Good ol ' reliable Stagecoach . 
Wind is making my eyes water & now I look like Alice Cooper . Cheers ' waterproof ' makeup . 
it's gotten to that point in the night where my feet feel like they're going to drop off & I could fancy a little cosy sit down with nice bit of scran . 
Je me lance vers la gloire . 
isn't quite sure what to do tomorrow . Might just let the weather decide for me . 
* Insert witty status update here * 
Wake up in the morning feeling like P Diddy ... 
Season 1 down , seasons 2 & 3 left to watch . God I love the IT crowd . 
Stubbing your toe on the wall while you're in bed = worst start to the day . 
Waking up early on a morning doesn't kill me , getting out of this warm and cosy bed however ... 
I don't care that it's only just past 10am , I'm having cupasoup . 
Reckon it's time for a guitar session :) 
has to be at central station for 8:30 am yet is just lying awake thinking about how ridiculously early that is . 
listening to OK Computer/In Rainbows the way Thom Yorke intended . 
I could wrap everyone's presents , or I could put a little face mask on & paint my nails . Oh decisions , decisions . 
I wanna live like common people , I wanna do whatever common people do ... 
i wish there was a monkey here for me to train as my personal slave . I'd get him to get me a pizza and rub my sore feet . 
has writers block and a lack of motivation to continue with this poor excuse for an english essay . 
Okay , I'm so bored of being ill now . Even my husky batman voice is starting to get irritating . 
Change 
your profile pic to a photo of Bono if you want to stop poverty , cure 
AIDS , solve world hunger , save the environment and establish world 
peace . Copy and paste this to your status so together we can save the 
world ( by changing our profile pictures on a social networking site ) . 
I can see playing with toy golf clubs in the house is going to end in tears ... 
has been abandoned in the countryside with Becca . 
is feeling so much better today & can walk without a cane ! :D 
I haven't even got my guitar plugged into an amp yet it can apparently be heard throughout the entire house . Funny that i couldn't be heard yesterday or any other day for that matter ... 
Why watch Children In Need when you can watch something good like The Walking Dead ? 
It hurts to breathe . 
' s ears are ringing & feet hurt . All in all , it was a good night . :) 
This city desert makes you feel so cold . It's got so many people , but it's got no soul . 
is actually looking forward to going to the doctors tomorrow , simply because it means I get to finally leave the house for once . How sad . 
is sat on her own in her PJs with a ukulele playing 5 Years Time by Noah & the Whale . 
Just got my lip burst by a 1 and a half year old . Words can't describe how pathetically weak I feel right now . 
Y'know when you headbut the wall in your sleep ? Ow . 
Ahh roulette , my favourite game ... Aside from Call Of Duty . 
Really tempted to build a Jess-size snowman . 
Canny chuffed that I just organised everything for tomorrow in like an hour and now also know what I'm wearing on friday . Last minute organisation skills ftw . 
Move tree , get out the way . Get out the way tree , get out the way . 
Arrrgh . So unprepared . Can we postpone Christmas for like another week please ? 
It's time for a uke session :) 
Sunday dinner on a monday . I feel like such a rebel . 
Iron Maiden really need to start dressing more age appropriate . I don't appreciate looking at old men in spandex . 
It's nights like this that make me realise just how much I love my life . 
has nowt to do , but if I start getting ready now , I'll be way too early ... 
We literally just got rickrolled by holister . 
As if I've just accidently dyed a random bit of my hair . FML . 
Guitar sesh :) I would play Free Bird , but it's hard not to get distracted & start playing something else half way through the first verse . 
Powerhouse on a monday night with me Janni , well aye ;P 
I may be in my PJs & have bed hair , but no bin-cleaner man , you didn't wake me up . I hate wednesdays ... 
I can't sleep ' cause my bed is on fire ... 
so ' ivory ' foundation just made my face orange how exactly ? 
is ill ... AGAIN . At this rate I've got to wonder if I'll make it through the year . 
being locked out isn't so bad in the sunshine :) 
The only character I like playing as on Marvel vs Capcom 3 is Dante ... Maybe I should just go play DMC . 
swear down this song has just said " I punched her lights out , but she still shines " I hope I misheard that ... 
feel like I should go out & do something to day so as not to waste the nice weather . 
To the pub ! 
Cheers facebook , just fail to send all my responses to all my messages over the past like week or two . Sorry guys , I'm not ignoring you - facebook mobile sucks . 
Hannah : " This is our stop . " Me : " ahh okay . " Omi : " Feel my bag , it's dead warm ! " All : " Aww we missed our stop ! " Well done guys , well done . 
We're in the stickiest situation since sticky the stick insect got stuck on a sticky bun . 
Anime , anime . I look like an anime . Hair spiked up ' cause you know I like it thata way . 
Y'know the bus driver hates you when he gives you the change from £20 in 50ps even when there's a fiver in clear sight that he could give you . 
wish Becca would stop rammin ' iz in public . 
wow , my shoulder is actually bleeding . That's not good . 
There is a little charva kid on the back of my bus speaking in Yiddish . How strange ... 
Mmm pancakes . Today just keeps getting better :) 
Free bar ? Whey aye ;P 
" Jess get up , it's dead late " no it's not , I can see a clock y'know ... 
really enjoyed last night . Not sure I want to see the photos though xD 
God I love The Undertones . Hope they're doing a tour again this year . 
You know you're cool when you're sat on your own attempting to play Vivaldi's ' Concerto for 2 mandolins in G major ' on your guitar ... 
it's proper beer garden weather today . 
has just spent the past hour playing ' wind the bobbin in ' , you'd think Johnny would be bored of it by now , but no ... 
weather is lush ! I want to do something ... 
I will do something productive , I WILL do something productive , I WI - I'm on facebook ... oops . 
Kathryn Close is an utter babe <3 
Y'know when you feel kinda helpless & don't know what to do ? 
A Russian is going to slip on a banana & break their neck ! That's the ONLY conclusion that can be made . 
Jessie J - yet another pop singer that looks like Eddie Izzard when he's done up in drag . 
It's 4/20 bitches . 
I want a companion cube ... 
Got knives , have you seen ' em ? In your back's where we keep ' em . 
Anyone know where I can get cheap , but decent guitar strings ? 
Night with me lasses , oh aye ;P 
Eeenie meenie minie fish . Holla , holla , holla . 
Y'know when you go to your mates " just for a couple of hours " & stroll in home the next morning . 
As if mother got me out of bed just to see the dresses . I mean hey , she looks great but I'd rather sleep than watch them get married . 
So Osama Bin Laden is dead . Well , there's no possible way there could ever be a backlash right ? Don't start celebrating too soon ... 
Y'know , someone could have pointed out that me eye makeup had smudged so I look like Alice Cooper . Cheers for lettin ' iz just walk around unaware guys . 
Kathryn : " It looks african , y'know like some ropey leather thing you would knit in the dessert . " 
Would like nothing better than to sit outside in the sun with an ice cold mojito right now . 
" If I never lied then baby you'd be the truth " wait ... what ? Seriously , what the hell does that even mean ? 
Forget having a social life , I'm playing mortal kombat . 
Someone come make me breakfast & then maybe just do everything else I need to do today so I can go back to bed . 
In exactly 45 days I shall be perfectly happy . 
