Happy VD ! ;-) <3 
Guided meditation with Nick was incredible ! It left me feeling grounded , centered , serene , and all tingly ! 
" If myth is 
translated into literal fact , then myth is a lie . But if you read it as 
a reflection of the world inside you , then it's true . Myth is the 
penultimate truth . -Joe Campbell 
Dandy Warhols ! 
recommends you watch the movie " Sunshine " if only for the soundtrack . 
got the eCig ! Fuck yeah ! 
Don't let fear of what you can't do prevent you from doing what you can do 
for the first time in a long while , feels totally at peace . 
So ... I go the internship and the job . 
Just spent Christmas Eve into Christmas with my second family and it rocked ! Wouldn't have it any other way . I love you guys and girls , you know who you are ! 
" Zombies are the po ' white trash of the monster world " -Thomas Jefferson 
The internship at Rock to the Future is awesome !!! In addition to my regular duties , I will be teaching voice !!! 
Epic fail ! Started smoking again after less than 2 days . Oh well , progress not perfection . 
I got a jones for some meditation . Gotta call my serenity supplier . 
Can't get to my massage ! No buses :-( 
I voted for Sestak , but doesn't his name sound like a disease of the testicles ? 
" If I were to try to read , much less answer , all the attacks made on me , this shop might as well be closed for any other business . I do the very best I know how - the very best I can ; and I mean to keep doing so until the end . If the end brings me out all right , what's said against me won't amount to anything . If the end brings me out wrong , ten angels swearing I was right would make no difference . " - A . Lincoln 
Almost through the 2nd day of not smoking . I'm using the patch this time . It helps ! 
can't stop coughing . I'm trying to quit smoking at the right time , it seems 
Merry Christmas everyone ! And happy holidays to all my non-Christian friends . 
¡sp ?? oq ??? u ?? do ? n ? u ??? s ?? d ???? ? s ??? u ?? p 
Although you feel as if you are all alone in a cold , brutal , and uncaring world , there are in fact 7 billion other people there . -The Onion 
When I don't feel well I lash out at dead celebrities , Fuck you John Wayne ! 
I put my tail between my legs , bought roses and begged cigarettes to take me back . EPIC FAIL !!! Coach and I agreed I might want to wait a bit . Not take on too much . Not gonna beat myself up about it though even though that guy's just asking for an ass whuppin . " 
Finally saw Inception . WOW ! 
" Tis better to have loved and lost than to spend the rest of your life eating Hagen Daz with your cats " -Benjamin Franklin 
IMPORTANT !!! Tomorrow , Facebook will change its privacy settings to allow Mark Zuckerberg to come into your house while you sleep and eat your brains with a sharpened spoon . To stop this from happening go to Account > Home Invasion Settings > Cannibalism > Brains and untick the " Tasty " box . Please copy and repost . 
93% won't repost and wi ... ll have their brains eaten . 
PLEASE put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who was eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower ... armed with fire extinguishers , and the remaining 1% are awesome and will re-post this . 
I got the Rock to the Future internship !!!! 
6 months today ! 
My heart can't do algebra and my brain can't do love . 
Time takes a cigarette puts it in your mouth 
I need your prayers . 
It ain't about Punishment and Reward its about Love , there is no Success or Failure only Learning Experiences , Life is an Unpredictable Journey , but I'm finally rowing with the tide rather than against it . Peace and Serenity will be mine . 
To thine own self be true 
Time streaks by like a motherfucking eagle strapped to a rocket-Thomas Jefferson 
Love the idiots of the world as you would an errant child . 
Wu Wisdom : " Knowledge without wisdom is a load of books on the back an ass” meditate on that . Bong ! via Wu Tang Clan 
Haven't had a cig in over 2 days ! Wish me luck . 
You won this round Mother Nature ! 
Saw Blue Man tonight . Pretty fucking spectacular ! 
Deflating my ego is about survival 
made hummus today . The secret is the right cumin , chili powder , and paprika to garlic ratio . 
to all my fb peeps much love ! 
Spent the night in South Philly at my girl's band practice . They are awesome ! And I'm not just saying that . 
There's a downside to being a social butterfly ... germs 
has got a bad case of the crazies and chronic fuck-its 
Working on a new tune 
Ya know what I like about books ? Da words ! 
When little kids get on my nerves it's comforting to know that I can probably take them . 
Happy Festivus ! 
Yay , No work tomorrow ! btw I work at a high school . 
DAy 4 of quitting , we're not in Kansas anymore ! 
I just don't know 
Anybody know any good Link Wray style rockabilly guitar players ? 
The other day I saw a prayer circle outside Church's Chicken . Are they taking the name literally ? The Father , the Son and the 11 herbs and spices . 
just smoked what hopefully is my last cig ever . Can I get a what what ? 
just spent 6 or 7 hrs on a song in my studio . Boy , do I have a headache and I was sick goin ' in . 
Idea for a Star Trek spinoff : " The Misadventures of Spockarella and Sulutron " I'm thinking Nimoy in a spacedress and a animatronic George Takei . Come to think of it he's pretty robotic already . Now give me money Hollywood 
( o)(o ) :-D 
Whats the 411 from 1/1/11 ? See what I did there ? 
Can you mainline Robitussin ? 
I have far to go , but at least now I'm rowing with the tide rather than against it . 
This has been the worst and the best year of my life . 
u won this round influenza 
It's 2011 , where's my fucking rocket car ? 
Close to day 2 of not smoking . Did someone pop open a big can of crazy ?! 
Jack Frost can kiss my ass ! 
I passed Accounting ! Another bullshit class out of the way , Huzzah ! 
3rd day on the patch and when I'm on it I have no desire to smoke . Lets see what happens when I get off it . But that's not for a couple of weeks . One day at a time . 
sang " My Funny Valentine " to Jess on the El 
This has been the worst and paradoxically the best year of my life ! But I know 2011 is gonna be even better . Happy New Year everyone ! Mad love ! 
I hope the Flyers shoot a home run tonight . 
Constant coughing makes meditation problematic 
fyi baby who infected me , you've got a plague rat in your playpen in your future . 
Finally saw the roast of Bob Saget ! Biggest surprise , Stamos had the funniest and dirtiest jokes ! I wonder who wrote them ? And Norm MacDonald was hysterical just reading stale , terrible jokes off cards . That takes balls ! 
Name a wholesome cartoon character and what you think their drug of choice would be . I'll start . Olive Oyl , crackwhore . 
Good night , Party People ! 
Common sense is genius dressed in its working clothes-Ralph Waldo Emerson 
Reaching out to a power greater than yourself is not abdicating responsibility , it's asking for help with a heavy load , but you still have to hold up your end - Michael Bobakken 
" Life is what happens when there's nothing on television " - Michael Bobakken 
Saw some films that were supposed to be good . They weren't . The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo , boring . I'm Not There , gimmicky pretentious garbage . Brief Interviews with Hideous Men , insufferable , if I knew the people in this movie I would never stop slapping them . Devil , not scary . 

on the other hand , The Men Who Stare at Goats was wonderful and had a lot of heart . Also , Inception was a lot of fun . My two cents . 
" Too bad that all the people who know how to run the country are busy driving taxi cabs and cutting hair " - George Burns 
is listening to King of Limbs , the new radiohead album . 
Watched the 1970's classic The Golden Voyage of Sinbad . I wish all life's problems could be solved by a swordfight followed by a reward kiss from a female with sweaty heaving breasts . 
" When we ask for advice , we are usually looking for an accomplice " -Marquis de LaGrange 
homophobia ( hom ' afo ' bea ) n . insecurity about being heterosexual 
Sometimes I doubt your commitment to Sparkle Motion 
8 months 
This morning a human being was killed , because he dropped a cigarette on the subway tracks and went down to retrieve it . Extremely sad ? Yes Darwinism in effect ? Definitely . Yo chucklehead yo life was worth way more than a cig ! 
I wrote my first non-angry song in 7 months last night . Thanks Jeebus 
" If opportunity doesn't knock , build a door " -Milton Berle 
Goodnight Party People ! 
The other day I said that I've been a menace to society since I was 16 , but I was probably more of a nuisance to society . Ego . 
Did you see the Oscars ? That guy from that movie won a statue or something . 
My friend Tom gave me a short , but awesome back massage yesterday at Cosi . He has much stronger hands than my girlfriend . Hmm . 
Charlie Sheen is bipolar ? No ! Ya think ? 
public declarations of quitting smoking are th kiss of death . Oh well , lesson learned , I can use some more humility 
is sick of hearing about Charlie Sheen . Its sad . The guy needs professioal help , but its doubtful he'llget any , beause he doesn't think he needs it or want it and he's surrounded by leeches , enablers , and others who don't want to derail the gravy train , because he's a famous actor . His family needs to step in and 302 his bipolar ass . 
is stressed ! 
can't is the cancer of happen-Charlie Sheen 
" Obstacles are things a person sees when he takes his eyes off his goal . " -E . Joseph Cossman 
Sometimes little things mean more than grandiose gestures . Really listening to someone ... a smile ... or a friendly hello . -Me 
Meditated for 20 mins this morning . Now I'm gonna go kick life's ass !!!!!! 
Just saw Black Swan . Wow . I'm speechless . 
Babies are so Zen , they eat , shit , and sleep when they need to ... and they're not afraid to ask for help . I could learn a lesson from them in that department . Not scream and cry , but just ask for help . 
" Impossible is a word people use to justify giving up . " -Courage Wolf 
Got a perfect dresser and sofa bed the guy across the street was throwing out . Thanks to my friend Jonathan for coming right over and helping get it in my garage . ( singing ) " Shopping on the block " 
Pulled a groin muscle . Ow 
" I once was lost and now I'm found . " -My Ipod 
" Nothing lasts forever , not even your troubles " -Arnold H . Glasow 
A Leprechaun + Glee Club + 10 cups of coffee = Regis Philbin 
Give me something to believe . Cause I am living just to breathe . And I need something more to keep on breathing for . So give me something to believe . -The Bravery 
Pretty good day , the kids are alright ! 
Watched Flavor Flav's comedy roast . Didn't it used to be Flava Flav ? I didn't get the memo . Here's something they didn't say . The only thing separating Flavor Flav from a schizophrenic homeless person off his meds is he was friends with Public Enemy . Not really a joke , just an observation . That dude is gone ! 
Poke war !!!!!! 
I would like my Facebook Friends to comment on this status , sharing how you met me . But I want you to LIE . That's right , just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status , so I can do the same . I bet half won't read the instructions right 
can quit smoking anytime he wants , he's done it 20,000 times ! This year ! 
Be thankful for problems at work . If work was less difficult someone with less ability might have your job . 
" Everybody has his own possibility of rapture in the experience of life . All he has to do is recognize it and then cultivate it and get going with it . I always feel uncomfortable when people speak about ordinary mortals because I've never met an ordinary man , woman , or child . " -Joseph Campbell 
Poke War II , The Revenge !!!!! 
" As each day comes to us refreshed and anew , so does my gratitude renew itself daily . The breaking of the sun over the horizon is my grateful heart dawning upon a blessed world . " ~ Terri Guillemets 
Gratitude is an art of painting an adversity into a lovely picture . ~ Kak Sri 
I feel a very unusual sensation - if it is not indigestion , I think it must be gratitude . ~ Benjamin Disraeli 
Gratitude is the best attitude ! 
My brother , Paul(having overheard me praying ): Why do you say God ? Why don't you say , " Dear Heavenly Father ? " 
Me : I don't think God has a sex , Paul . I think it's a spiritual force . I guess I'm closer to a Jedi than a Christian . 
For each new morning with its light , 
For rest and shelter of the night , 
For health and food , for love and friends , 
For everything Thy goodness sends . 
~ Ralph Waldo Emerson 
To all my musician friends : Does anyone have any instruments that they aren't using and would like to donate them to a worthy cause ? I work for Rock to the Future which is a Fishtown based non-profit after school music program for kids . Any donations will give you certain perks plus the satisfaction that you helped children in need , and thus grant you instant access to Nirvana and an eternity of bliss ! 
" There are no mistakes , only ways to learn what not to do . " -Mike original 
God gave you a gift of 86,400 seconds today . Have you used one to say " thank you ? " 
In my good , good morning I'm up before the Sun can bring early morning and everyone like a shiny thing . All my angels appear before my window saying " Good moning . " 
I'm grateful for friends who care ! I overreacted prematurely yesterday to put it mildly ! Thanks guys , for being there for me and humoring my crazy ass ! You are awesome ! And whatever wil be wil be . 
Self-awareness is about knowing when to say no to yourself , when to say yes and when to say wait -Mike 
Crappy day ! Oh well , I guess the Earth is thirsty . 
Saw Limitless yesterday with a friend , Awesome movie ! But a little unsettling given the subject matter . Good ending tho . Btw it was filmed in my apt building . 
To paraphrase an anonymous modern sage , It's a sad fact that how much you like someone is often inversely proportional to how much they like you . 
Humility is knowing your limitations and when to ask for help . -Mike 
YAY ! I'm not sick ! 
Did anyone watch the Trump Roast ? I don't know what was sadder , that Greg Giraldo wasn't there or that The Situation was . They both died , one from not knowing his limitations and the other from taking a bunch of pills . The Sitch was about as funny as watching the Weather Channel in a Cancer ward with Al Gore . 
wonders if Zuckerbag would have had anywhere near the success if fb had originated in France and been called " livre de visage . " Catchy names are tres important . 
An apology : I have been riding high on a wave of gratitude and have been so cheerful that ppls faces have been literally melting off . This is a new feeling for me and my impulse was to share it . Thus the flood of pithy sugary statuses . I never wanted to be THAT guy . I deeply regret any extra teeth brushing this may have caused . Have a great day peeps ! 
I lost myself inside of someone else . It was hard to see the line between her and me . On a darkened road , the fear I've shown . With eyes of stone he walks alone . 
My socks got wet today and I had to work like that for four hours . But all I could think was that I was grateful that I had feet .... and a job ... and I was really really grateful when I got to put on dry socks ! God , aren't I annoying ! But I will remember to carry extra socks in the future . -1 second ago from my Fortress of Gratitude . 
Gratitude is a powerful tool and ... uh .... uh .... like a rake to uh .. uh .. remove the dead leaves from my soul ?.... no , that's not right . It's like a hoe and uh ... uh .... I need to do some ..... uh digging in my psyche ? ( shakes head ) Nevermind guys have a great fucking day !!!! 
might have become allergic to my cat !!!! That would fucking blow !!!! I love my Mojo !!!! 
Copy this and put it in your status if you know someone , or have heard of someone who knows someone , or have heard of someone who may know someone ; or if you don't know anyone , or even if you've just heard of someone who doesn't know anyone , then do still copy this .... Most people won't but , it's important to spread the message . Oh and the hearts ... ? ? ? for crap's sake don't forget the hearts ! ? ? ? 
doesn't have a cell phone or ppls numbers right now . Can ppl inbox me their digits ? 
“Everybody wants to be somebody ; nobody wants to grow . ” Johann Wolfgang von Goethe 
the reality is that we are not happy 24/7 , we do have frustrations and disappointments , and we’re just not sharing these negative moments on Facebook 
9 months last Sunday ! 
My perceptions of reality are my reality , in order to change my reality I must alter the way I perceive things-Me 
A poem 
is sick . Boo ! :( 
I don't know if this coughing is caused by a micr o-o rganism , allergies , or tobacco consumption or some combination of the three , but I've been awake all fucking night ! Help me Jeebis ! 
" I gotta hand it to ya Jesus , you may look like a bum , but you gotta lotta talent young man " -Peter Griffin 
What doesn't kill you only makes you stranger-The Joker 
I always go from 0-60 , or the reverse , at the flip of a switch . I need to work on that . 
" Everything must have a purpose ? " asked God . 
" Certainly , " said man . 
" Then I leave it to you to think of one for all this , " said God . 
... 
And He went away . " -Kurt Vonnegut Jr. ( Books of Bokonon ) 
Rest in peace , Aunt Kirsten . I love you and miss you , but I know you're in a better place . 
Abstinence makes the church grow fondlers 
3 days til Spring Break ... and 3 weeks til I get my degree !!!! Woo Hooo !!! 
Fool me once shame on you , fool me twice and its time for a sexy assassination squad . Anyone know any black , caucasian , and or asian chicks who are handy with a samurai sword ? Whatta ya think , craigslist ? 
Goodnight sweet social-network 
Android cellphone with shitty service is like having two golden goblets tied together by a string . 
Remember when teachers , public employees , Planned Parenthood , NPR and PBS crashed the stock market , wiped out half of our 401Ks , took trillions in TARP money , spilled oil in the Gulf of Mexico , gave themselves billions in bonuses , and paid no taxes ? Yeah , me neither . ( repost ) 
While on FB , look at your URL address ( the very top box on your screen . ) If you see " http : " instead of " https : " then you DO NOT have a secure session & can be HACKED . Go to Account - Account Settings - Account Security - click Change . Check box ( secure browsing ) , click Save . FB has automatically set it on the non-secure setting ! Do your friends a huge favor , copy & re-post . 
" Masseuses , the half doctors half hookers who solve everything . " -Homer Simpson 
Weird , I dreamt my nose was missing and my sinus cavity was filled with dental filling amalgam . I think I drank too much Arnold Palmer before bed or sumthin , but that stuff is gooood ! 
Why is that when fellow septa commuters play music loudly it is invariably music that sucks ass ? 
Spring Break WOOOHOOO !!!! I'm not wearing pants all week !!! 
Sometimes , when I'm having a nightmare , I realize I'm dreaming and decide to go flying until I wake up , leaving the monsters behind . I've done this since I was a child . Has anyone else had similar experiences ? 
Estoy enferma ... Siempre estoy enferma :( 
“To be a star , you must shine your own light , 
follow your own path , and don't worry about the darkness , 
for that is when the stars shine brightest”-Napoleon Hill 
My past accomplishments and failures , my history is not me . My job , possessions , education , shortcomings and talents are not me . I am now , this moment . The past is dead , the future remains unborn . Nothing else exists , but now . 
Just watched the Ten Commandments . Moses was a rad dude . He was the first wizard or something . 
Happy Easter ! Can I get a Candy Christ ? 
can get fine , Turkish tobacco for $40 to $50 a can . That's about 2 cartons worth of good tobacco so I'm gonna save a lot of money while slowly killing myself . 
Darth Vader would be amazing shredding on the electric guitar . He's half robot and half dark wizard . Machine-like precision , speed , and focus , magic , and Evil . 
does anyone know how to compress video files from an android phone so i can send them from my cell as an email attachment ? 
The illogic of paying daily to shorten my life has finally sunk in . You hear that tobacco ? It's on ! 
Is it douchey to read the Onion on the El and laugh out loud ? 
Intrawebs finally back on at the homestead ! What did I miss ? 
Justed watched Memento . Possibly the best premise for a movie ever . I saw it 10 years ago , but I didn't remember what happened . If you saw the movie you will get the joke . 
I just hope it wasn't actually his twin brother , Jimmy Bin Laden . Rot in hell O King of the douchebags . 
This will be amazing for the morale of our country and the world , both soldiers and civilians . 
Don't be so cynical people . Let us bask in the glory for a little while . 
They should have waited until 9/11/11 . Then they could have had Gov . Arnold Swarzenegger head the team and say , " Happy Anniversary " right before he blows him away . That's my new screenplay for a crappy action movie . Working title : " Obama vs . Osama " or " The Longest Game of Hide and Seek " or maybe " With Extreme Prejudice . " How about " Propaganda Wars , The Republic Strikes Back ? " 
This Saturday I graduate ! I'm stoked ! 
Just saw an old guy that looks like bin laden wearing a leather jacket covered in chains . I think he's not dead just incognito and hiding out at punk shows . 
So I'm at the atm and new just as I look at my receipt and see that I have exactly $666 left in checking , monster magnet comes on my ipod shuffle . I'm scared . 
May the 4th be with you . 
I b graduatin wit highest honorz on Saturdiddy ! I'm like all edumacated n sheeeet ! 
So this guy says , " I am the humblest person you will ever meet . " So out of everyone I have ever spoken to in the world , YOU are the BEST at humility . Kind of an oxymoron , don'tcha think ? 
It's over , get over it 
Tomorrow is crazy hat day ! Mine is blue and flat on top with a tassel thingy hangin ' from it . 
Playin an open mic tonight at St James Church at Castor & Pratt in Northeast Philly . Plenty of coffee , starts at 7pm . 
So I just got back from playing an open mic at St James church . This one dude's lyrics sounded like he was coming on to Jesus . 
[ On being called eccentric ] Eccentric doesn't bother me . " Eccentric " being a poetic interpretation of a mathematical term meaning something that doesn't follow the lines - that's okay . -Crispin Hellion Glover 
It sucks when a friend is struggling and you don't know what to do 
If you actually read the iTunes terms of service it clearly states on page number 211,645 that you must pledge your immortal soul and those of your children to Apple and that entity's dark proprietor Steve Jobs . 
Tumblr is so much cooler than facebook , yo ! Read this fast before it is quashed by Zuckerbag . 
Hey FB friends ! How was your day ? Feel free to vent , brag , or share , I won't judge you . 
Thank you all so much for the birthday wishes ! I'm grateful to have friends like you ! 
Happy Friday the 13th everyone ! So ... who are you planning to axemurder today ? 
Wrote 3 songs in the past 2 days . I'm on a roll ! 
Arctic Monkeys at Electric Factory tonight ! Anybody else going ? 
This little skit is for all the people who think the world is ending tomorrow . 
People : God , I can change . See , last minute marathon praying session 
God to his bff : You don't know all my followers like I do . They can be so sweet . 
Who says the Rapture didn't happen ? I'm typing this from a cloud . Hi down there ! 
I don't understand why , even if people believed in the end of the world why they felt compelled to advertise it . If its gonna happen there is nothing anyone could do to change it so why not just do what you were going to do anyway . 
That guy Camping is camping out where the buses don't run . 
I know public declarations of quitting are the kiss of death , but ... I'm on Day 22 of no cigs , and Day 6 of no patch . Yay me ! 
" If I should ever die , God forbid , let this be my epitaph : 
THE ONLY PROOF HE NEEDED 
FOR THE EXISTENCE OF GOD 
WAS MUSIC " - Kurt Vonnegut Jr. 
If man was a fish he would devise all kinds of theories about water . 
has been awake since yesterday morning , around 40 hours . Happens every time I go thru withdrawal from Nicotine . Tonight , someone suggested that it might not be wise for me to quit . As the Bible says , " Fuck that noise ! " I don't want to go through this shit again . I'm in it to win it ! I'm just gonna strap in and enjoy the rollercoaster ! 
just realized that during the last presidency the 3 most powerful men in the world were named Bush , Dick , and Colon . 
My new favorite word , fucktard . 
Generic status #42 
Watched a James Bond flick . A little disappointed , Octopussy wasn't what I thought it would be . 
So tonight I'm near Rittenhouse park and I start playing a friend's guitar just for fun . Well , I'm playing for like 5 minutes and a woman throws a ten dollar bill in the case ! I think I found my Summer job if Apple doesn't hire me ! 
Brought to you LIVE ! How do you know its live ? PENIS . 
Does anybody else remember that song Burt sang on Sesame Street , " Hey Motherfucker " or did I imagine it ? 
Why are most humans so indiscriminate about what they allow into their head holes ? 
is looking for some new music , any suggestions ? 
