Religion is based of faith , which I have little of . My Own 
if you are reading this , whether we do or we don't speak often , please post a comment of the first memory of you and me that pops in your head . When you've finished , post his paragraph on your own status ; you will be suprised what people remember about you . 
I WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS ... You can ask me 1 question ( only in my INBOX ) . Any question , no matter how crazy , sinister or wrong it is . There is no ulterior motive , you have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get 
Found story i have been waiting to read for 5 months . 
Does anyone have Arachibutyrophobia 
31 17 saints win 
Good news for today got bioshock 2 . Bad computer blue screened and i lost 500,000 + files after updating 
New update for the rule book ... yes 
http://www.games-workshop.com/MEDIA_CustomProductCatalog/m1490286a_FAQ_40Krulebook_version1_1.pdf 
minecraft = best waster of time 
The retreat of army groups in empire total war is bad ... " i reforced my ally outside the city and lost now i run from the city " ... wtf 
Tau caste helping with my class ... For the greater good ! 
Toy Story 3 was awesome 
So got pissed , may have pushed too much and now hurting ... Found stuff that made me think of the past with the song " Better than me " by Hinder , irony 
Woooo , house to myself for 3 days .... to bad it doesn't matter 
me house is mine .... til the 5th 
For mother Russia 
fought a virus on my computer ... 5 hours of work .... one massive fuck up it did that was easy to spot was using window 7 window designs 
So I now join the millions of people who dislike/ hate their job , before any actual hours , just the ending of training >.< 
I got a job , finally , start tuesday 
Are we human ? Or are we dancer ? 
Papers suck .... why did i wait till the day before to do it 
" Please , join me in putting this as your status if you or someone you love has 
been attacked or eaten by velociraptors . It's time to let silent victims 
everywhere know that there is no shame in being ripped limb from limb 
and gobbled up for vicious sport . Velociraptors are , after all , kind of ... unstoppable . 93% of people won't repost t ... his . " 
Hates how live throws you a bowl of s ** and it messes me up for , so far 5 days or so ... caffeine is back and i cant sleep right ... no sleep may fix , hopefully 
if you like me . comment me if you ever had a 
crush on me . Inbox me if you wanted to date me . Put a smiley face if 
we're friends . Put a mad face if were not friends ....... Now put this as 
your status and see what you get 
Zeon VS The Earth Federation 
My face is burnt , why'd I cut my hair , it protected me so .... 
woooo doing one chapter worth of homework in one night wooo 
So i eased my external hard drive when trying to fix my back up , some with the software partition not being there so , if I can't fix it or replace it I'm going to NTFS format it and have almost 300 GB wallet size flash drive . 
damn two people got fired today 
for the wtf value decode this 
01001000 01101001 
it's one word and as a hint it's binary 
Triped on something my room and ended up with a quarter of a inch skin cut and have no idea what did the cut 
i got my new computer .... the inner nerd is happy . which to play fable 3 or mess with the new conmputer >.< 
This teacher doesn't know what she doing plus the fact the school stops us from doing what need to ... Does she like hearing herself ? 
moving 42 GB of music to my computer 
Will Justin Bieber ever hit puberty -> Justin Bieber s ? bao gi ? ?? n tu ? i d ? y thì ( Vietnamese ) 
Justin Bieber s ? bao gi ? ?? n tu ? i d ? y thì -> Justin will never reach puberty 
thank you google translate 
Storm is almost over 
at some point i want to get a pet fox ... only problem , the cost of $ 5,950 which is way out of my abilty in the foreseeable future 
Now realizing that the world causes people to fear and go to what was safe , make them change to what people want , make them blossom into a great person or whither to nothing ... O and the rare one , where nothing changes 
Happy tanksgiving !!!! 
SNOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
So i sprained my knee from walking at work ... Wtf , htw ? i have no f***ing aidea how it happened 
Hoping walmart stays closed tomorrow ... yes it did close 
