I finally got one Gaby , problem is that I can't find my usb which has all my pics and i let David borrow my camera . Behold me WORLDS GREATEST LOSER 
It's been two days of college and I'm already tired 
words from a wise person : " 1/2 is greater than 9/10 " 
I'm gonna have to sell a kidney to buy college textboooks 
Italian is hard ! Not as ugly as organic chemistry though .. 
I just found out I'm imaginary ! 
I don't feel like reading for orgo 
Save the cheerleader , save the world ! 
I never thought I'd see the day when I would spend all day studying . 
I am so bored avoiding homework ! Maybe I should do it ......................... nah 
College classes ... tomorrow ! Ahhhhhhh ! 
Io non ho paura is a much better movie than La meglio gioventú 
I am very upset ! The world is unfair .... so are the IOC 
I vote for Chicago as host city ! 
I hacked into someone's facebook today ! It was fun ... 
Yuridia tiene la voz mas hermosa del mundo 
Good luck Northwestern freshmen ! Show em what whitney students are made of ! 
Di me medesmo mecco mi vergogno-Francesco Petrarca 
Vivere da solo è molto dificile ...... non mi posso spiegare perchè ho deciso di non stare con la mia famiglia e i miei amici . 
House vs . Heroes ......... what to watch . 
take that Castiglione ! 
Does anyone want to do my essay for italian ? pretty please 
take that calculus ! 
Did anyone take my suitemate's id ? 
Worrying is like rocking a chair .. it keeps u busy , but it gets u nowhere- Alejandra 
se me antoja un plato de pozole . 
bought the plane tickets for thanksgiving and Christmas holidays ! 
lo hecho esta hecho 
Is mayonnaise an instrument ? 
just missed a wonderful opportunity 
Is going home tomorrow !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Ron Albritton : The facebook trick : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , b , a , enter then right click . Then press up then down & magic circles will appear ! The only way to stop it is to log off or reload the page , put this as your status if it worked for you 
viendo Betty La Fea 
........................ likes avoiding calculus via facebook 
likes to deface other people's facebooks 
Which is cuter panda or polar bear ? 
refuses to fail orgo , even if it means no sleeping , eating or peeing for that matter 
Me voy con la promesa de algun dia regresar a mi hogar . Es dificil partir caminos de aquellos que nos han llegado al corazon . 
I love doing laundry every three weeks ! 
vamos a comer pozole ! 
No more psych for the year !!! 
had an awesome night !!! 
................. failed 
wishes a super awesome omega Happy Birthday to Bryan !!! 
glee was amazingly awesome !!!! 
Attention people : watching Sailor Moon is not good two hours before an Orgo test ! 
Eeeeres tu el principe azul que yo soñé , la la la .... que lindo es recordar nuestra infanzia 
JUST FAILED AT LIFE . I AM NEXT COLLEGE DROPOUT 
gonna go to northwestern on tuesday !!!! 
Si a los engaños dieran premios , hubiera varios ya ganado 
thinks Hercules is way better than Aladdin ! 
quiero agradecer a todos los que hicieron de mis vacaciones una experiencia tan placentera y que cada dia me llenan de recuerdos hermosos que me llevo a Texas . =) 
A punto de ver La bella y la bestia , despues La bella durmiente !!!!! 
me arranque el corazon para dejar de amarte 
mi mirada sigue firme , en la tuya ya no hay fe 
Jesus nació en el año 1991 A.J. 
tante volte ho cercato di dirtelo , ma non riesco . Le parole mie sono impriggionate nel mio cuore 
pepe pecas pica papas con un pico 
my occipital lobe is angry at you ! 
My mom know's how to party !!! May this be your year people 
con antojo de caldo de camaron 
non me lo so spiegare ! 
can't wait to visit the Harry Potter Theme park !!! 
hipsters won ! 
no kiero k termine heroes ! 
wants to party !........... curse you college 
la tele me mintio , red bull no me dio alas ... me dio mas sueño 
Chicago for 2016 OLYMPICS ! 
I went from stalker to hacker in less than a week ! 
Yo mama's so ugly , even a dementor wouldn't kiss her 
va a reprobar su examen de frances si no deja de estar pendejeando en facebook 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
Y el premio a el mejor comercial va para Vermos con la frase que quedara el la historia : si tu sientes que te pica la colita , en una de esas .. tienes lombrices ! 
being exhausted never felt so good , if only there were more parties like the Whiteout !!! 
Aaaaaaaaaaaaah !!!!!!!!!!!! Figure skating tonite ! Go Lysacek , get mommy ( and me , lol ) the gold !!!!!!!!! 
Hell Yeah !!!!! Lysacek !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GOLD !!!!!!!!!!! Suck that plashenko 
Mexican word of the day : JUAREZ . Mi vieja didn't let me go out with my vatos and I told her , " Juarez your problem vieja ?! " 
Mexican word of the day : JUICY . . . . . Hey vato tell me if juicy the cops 
they should make Pokemonville ! 
Figure skating 
Lysacek !!!!!!! YEah !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Plashenko you better fall !! 
va a hacer chiles en nogada cuando llegue a Chicago 
Chicago and my family are the awesomest things ever ...... maybe i'll miss my flight back to Texas 
Happy Birthday mom ! 
first alniter of the semester ! Go coffee and microwavable mac & cheese ! 
Off with the head ! 
buongiorno principessa ! 
camaron que se duerme , no tiene ojeras 
I officially hate all italian movie endings !!!! >=/ 
me cuelga el moco 
Has never hated taking 19 hours as much as this week , I am missing out on willy week . ='( 
Beer Bike Saturday !!! 
got bored and made a formspring.me 
wanna know why the mascot for rice is an owl ? Alnighters !!! 
haciendo piñatas con la familia ! 
tiene ganas de leer Game of thrones ! 
gonna go 2 da movies !!! 
Beer bike rules ! AND I got me a Hanzen shirt ! MBYM ! 
Quinn gets a solo !!!!!!! This is a man's world 
fingers crossed 
soy alergico a la gente Naca , favor de no acercarse . Le suplico a su unica neurona 
Gooooool de Cuahutemoc !!!! 
It's so fluffy !!! 
How do you know when your schedule was meant to be ? You realize after you completed it , that it has the shape of a heart . =D 
ugh ! I hate it when I can't focus ! 
Why is it easier to find a movie online for free when I want to pay to watch it ? =/ 
my hopefully last alnighter of the year is almost over . 
Beer bike today !! MBYM !!!! 
I wonder who the vampire is ? 
Beer Bike tomorrow !!!!!!!!!! 
has never hated a professor this much . 
Italy needs to improve a lot , very disappointing game 
going home tomorrow . =) CHICAGO !!!!!! 
Dear college ; stop messing with my circadian rhythm 
Caro letto , spero che tu non mi manca ne oggi ne domani 
mood : >=\ 
Gooool del Chicharito !!!!! 
despite the rain , beer bike was the best day of my freshman year !!!! 
hahaha , I did like Eclipse . =) 
I gots me a gazillion free hooter wings ! 
Y ahora no huyas , acercate , di que ha pasado , dame un porque . 
Glee : Madonna episode !!! 
omg ! Twilight : Eclipse second trailer is awesome ! Now it actually looks like a decent movie . 
Imma bake some cookies ! 
i love sleeping more than 4 hrs . =) 
Bring it on finals ! 
I am a benevolent director 
Viva México !!!!! Viva México !!!!! Viva México !!!! 
did you know dolphins are just gay sharks ? 
linda perrita como te nombraremos ? Que las dioses te protegan de nombres como Petra , Chencha u otras abominaciones 
Rapunzel/Tangled was the awesomest princess movie ever !!! :D 
.... dear 4 tests , try not to kill me tomorrow . Thanks 
Hahahaha , I had 40 unknown facebook friends ..... bye bye 
hahahaha , llego a casa y nos ponemos a hablar de gumaros y chiles en los ojos . Cuanto me hacia falta mi familia ! 
OMG !!! Glee was amazing !!! Best episode ever 
Glee + Lady Gaga = :D 
wishes all the moms in the world a happy mother's day ! Specially to my super awesome Mami ! La mejor mami que un hijo puede tener ! =) 
I feel like I'm driving Rainbow Road 
Next time you mock someone for liking JBieber , Twilight , etc . think about this : You're being a bully every time you judge someone's taste no matter how stupid they seem to you . So we ( including me/myself ? ) can't all like the same things but we can respect everybody's likes/tastes/obsessions =) 
it's hot !!!!! Ice cream time ! 
hahaha , Glee !!! in less than an hour . 
Mexico contra Inglaterra a las dos !!!! 
BEST SEASON FINALE EVER ! I have to admit , vocal adrenaline was way better 
I wish I could be in glee so I can kick Jesse's butt ! 
Sweet ! I became a U.S. citizen without even knowing it ! 
Spain lost . =) hahahahahaha ! 
... my hair is being annoying !!! =/ 
I accidentally overslept and forgot to pick grandpa at the airport ..... woopsies 
Twilight's fourth book will be split into 2 movies !!!!!! 
top model ending sucked , thanks Tyra for ruining a family tradition 
I love Mexico !!!!!!! 
Gana Mexico contra Italia !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Mexico contra Italia !!!!! It's on 
If people were more like me , the divorce rate would go down 
Gol del Chicharito !!!! 
Wow 7-0 ! Portugal wins !!!! 
Christina Aguilera , I <3 you ! 
I made a fool of myself tonight . oh well , there's always chocolate to make things better 
Living la vida loca 
Vampire diaries is awesome !!!! 
Italy you have to win !!, enough of your bs and start playing ! 
first status update from Mexico !!!! 
Vamos Mexico !!!!! 
as Andrea Tatiana Romero pointed out , Mexico loses and there are no status updates to like 
hehehehe , orgo ... when did you stop being so scary ? =) 
Jessie ... you sing awesome ! If only you werent such an asshole 
I missed the feeling of liking a book so much that sleeping , eating and going to the bathroom became lesser priorities 
Tomorrow , Mexico game and some tequila .... sounds like a good sunday !!!! Viva Mexico Cabrones !!! 
going to Mexico tomorrow !!!! 
Going to the movies with my family ! =D 
i'm about to chernobyl 
Martel , friends and Dis-O .. it will be like heaven =) 
vamos españa !!!!! 
Uploading pictures takes way too much time ! 
My camera lives !!! 
... is slightly scared of dreams now . 
.... let the sleep deprivation begin =D 
I've only heard the KTRU a few times , but I find it unfair to make such important decisions without the consideration nor even request of the student population's opinion 
Las Chivas del Guadalajara estan en la final de la Copa Libertadores !!!!!!!!! 
Escuchando a Topo Gigio !!!!! mi dulce infancia =) 
Packing is hard !!!! 
pero quero mas a mis ojos , por que ti veron primero 
Glee !!! 
I give up , too much stress for me 
everyone needs a friend 
oh no ! fanfic is down , how am i supposed to not study for my bio test ? 
OMG ! Vampire Diaries was awesome !! =) 
Reason to wake up early : Get a harry potter ticket !!! 
I love thunder ! =) 
la mia mente si arrabbia , mio corpo è stanco ma una luce brilla nella mia anima 
I want an LPAP !!!! 
Siempre hay un roto para un descosido , lol 
eating chocolate abuelita is much better than making the drink 
THUNDER !! =) 
Culture quest was amazing 
No me toco chamaco en la rosca :D 
guess who's Snape ! 
I feel like a college student 
:D ROMERITOS , POZOLE , and more mexican food !!!!! 
WTF !!!!! But it still feels like the semester just began ..... 
had an amazing night dancing ! 
