Busy day yesterday , but fun . Sunday NFL on the couch , here I come ! 
Thanks to everyone who donated for my Alzheimer's walk yesterday . I appreciate everyone's support and encouragement . Karma , baby ! 
Just filled my big ass with some good ol ' Mike Linnig's fish . Lordy ! 
Heading to the Highland's street festival . Come on down !! 
is glad that I treat Facebook like I ( try to ) do bar conversations . No politics and no religion . It's strange how people OBSESS with others that disagree with them and their opinions . 
Still recovering from a long Saturday . Watched UK Wildcats in Lex . with the fam , then Flanigan's East Coast/West Coast/No Coast brewery contest ( see pics . ) Stone Brewery from San Diego rocks ! 
Trivia and delicious beer at Flanigan's tonight . Still don't have an idea for a team name if anyone has a suggestion . Current topics and funny is the norm . 
Rascal's heading to the vet . Ever tried to put a pissed-off cat in a small box ? 
" As long as the reason of man continues fallible , and he is at liberty to exercise it , different opinions will be formed . " - James Madison 
If KoKo the gorilla could really express her feelings through sign language , wouldn't she say " Let me the fuck out of here ! " ? 
Go Patriots !! MNF !!! Wings !!!!! Whoooooohoooo !!! 
“I can never fear that things will go far wrong where common sense has fair play . ” - Thomas Jefferson 
Farve , Farev , Favre , Douche , Faerv , however you spell it . I hope the Packers run him down . 
" A wise and frugal government , which shall leave men free to regulate their own pursuits of industry and improvement , and shall not take from the mouth of labor the bread it has earned - this is the sum of good government . " - Thomas Jefferson 
" Abuse of words has been the great instrument of sophistry and chicanery , of party , faction , and division of society . " - John Adams 
note to future self : do NOT go to White Castle at 2:30 am after MNF and buckets of Coors light ! Repeat . do NOT ! 
Trivia and delicious beer night at Flanigan's . Any good suggestions for our team name ? Usually something current , local and topical . 
is back from Buffett night at the marina . Too cool full moon cruise with adult beverages followed by driftwood hunting today . fun fun 
is making homemade veggie soup . Yum ! 
" He has a right to criticize , who has a heart to help . " - Abraham Lincoln 
" The class of citizens who provide at once their own food and their own welfare , may be viewed as the most truly independent and happy . " - James Madison 
I hate first roll Farkles ! 
That's why I wander and follow La Vie Dansante . On the night wind that takes me just where I want . That's all I want . La Vie Dansante . Why don't you wander and follow La Vie Dansante . On the night wind that takes you just where you want . That's all you'll want . La Vie Dansante 
Up and at ' em ! 
is watching VH1 Classics and wondering what the hell where we thinking of back in the ' 80s . 
This just in ! - Nobel Prize for Physics awarded to Katherine K . Whitcome of the University of Cincinnati , Daniel E Lieberman of Harvard University and Liza J . Shapiro of the University of Texas for analytically determining why pregnant women do not tip over . 
" Growing old is inevitable but growing up is optional . " 
" The Five O'clock Friday blows , I gotta let it go . Put on my weekend clothes , turn on the Rock & Roll . Throw all my cares away , it's a Ragtop Day . " 
" and if I don't die by Thursday , I'll be roaring Friday night . " 
I'm upset that Facebook won't let Evil Mikey start his own page . Anyone know how to get around their restrictions on nicknames ? 
" Tuesday on the island , there's not much going on . " 
Way to go CATS ! SEC road win = awesome ! Great game 
" Let go of your attachment to being right , and suddenly your mind is more open . You're able to benefit from the unique viewpoints of others , without being crippled by your own judgment . " - Ralph Marston 
" Oh , you hate your job ? Why didn't you say so ? There's a support group for that . It's called EVERYBODY , and they meet at the bar . " -Drew Carey 
Action packed weekend indeed ! Dave Attell at the Improv tonight , then UK/Bama game in Lex tomorrow followed by Buffett day at the marina and the cool weather boating . I'm glad I'm retired . 
Tornado Warning ! WTF ! 
" A government big enough to give you everything you want , is big enough to take away everything you have " - Thomas Jefferson 
just returned from Wed . night trivia at Flanagan's with a humiliating defeat . : ( 
No worries . It was in the bag all the while . 
Just got back from Horseshoe casino . Really like the Shoe now . Nice , new additions . Watched a friend rake in $2000 on Mississippi stud . No such luck for Mikey . 
Really ? There are 51,709 fans of Old Spice ? Seriously , people will click on anything . 
FYI on the Facebook change . If you move Status Updates to the top of the list , you'll miss any other type of postings from friends and families , including photos and link postings . News Feed gives you all these . 
Been up since 3:30 am , can't sleep . Facebook is no help ( playing Farkle , creating quizzes . ) 
OK . We've had a Star Trek re-boot and a Batman re-boot . Who thinks there should be a Star Wars re-boot ? I'm just saying Lucas needs to bow out of the creativity department of his own invention and let someone take a fresh view of the Star Wars galaxy . 
is enlightened . 
is thinking about growing a beard . Not a goatee , a full beard . 
Modern Warfare 2 is the GREATEST GAME EVAH !!!!! 
What a beautiful Monday . Out and about . 
I'm taking tomorrow off and heading to the lake for the last 70 degree day of the year . Anyone wan to play hooky ? 
Caught the stray kitten and took it to the vet . See pics in mobile uploads 
Today was my Mother's birthday . I miss her : ( 
" Never judge a book by its movie . " - J.W. Eagan 
has 2 extra tickets to see Senator John McCain speak at the UofL McConnell Center this Wednesday , Nov . 11 . If anyone is interested , please email me . 
had better get busy 
This just in ! - Nobel Prize for Public Health awarded to Elena N . Bodnar , Raphael C . Lee , and Sandra Marijan of Chicago , US , for inventing a bra that can be quickly converted into a pair of gas masks - one for the wearer and one to be given to a needy bystander . 
This just in ! - The Nobel Prize for Economics for Medicine : Donald L . Unger of Thousand Oaks , California , US , for investigating a possible cause of arthritis of the fingers , by diligently cracking the knuckles of his left hand but not his right hand every day for more than 60 years . 
is looking forward to this beautiful Sunday ! 
" Come Monday , it'll be alright . " 
This nation will remain the land of the free only so long as it is the home of the brave . ~ Elmer Davis ( thanks Stacey ) 
One UK basketball win down , one UK football win to go 
What's up with this push for a FB dislike button ? You want to show your dislike for something a " friend " of yours posted ? Why would you do that ? Just don't click the like button or disagree by commenting . Quit being passive-aggressive . 
" Indecision may , or may not be , my problem . " - Jimmy Buffett 
is bone tired . One more day , then home and Katbird . 
looking forward to the new V tonight . Loved the premiere . 
I guess its official . We'll be keeping the stray kitten since I took her to the vet yesterday and got her shots . Still not named , any suggestions ? I'm leaning toward Moneypit or Dipshit right now 
Wall-elujah ! " - My favorite headline from last night's UK game . 
" Life is too short to worry about unimportant things . Reach for the sky , touch your star , find your dream . Be young , be foolish , but be happy . " - JB 
has a very young kitten hiding under back porch deck and it won't come out . Tried cream and turkey . Anyone have ideas ? Short of pulling up the boards , there is no way to reach it 
It has begun ... 
is eagerly waiting to see just how many quarterbacks the Wildcats will play today . The over under on QBs is 2.5 
" Since light travels faster than sound , some people appear to be bright , until you hear them speak . " -Brian Williams 
OK , Wildcats . Let's not make Mikey nervous tonight . Go Big Blue ! 
Anyone see the Texas State silhouette on the KC Chiefs helmets today ? Freaked me out . 
Just returned from hearing Senator John McCain speak at UofL . Very eloquent and heart-felt speech concerning veterans ( of course . ) Also , during the Q&A period said , " putting political correctness aside , the Ft Hood massacre was an act of terrorism carried out by a Muslim extremist . " As much as I disagree with the Senator's moderate policies , I respect him and was proud to be in his presence on Veterans Day . 
When the Kat's away , the Mikey will play 
" I remember as a child all the happiness and smiles , that flowed around my grandma’s Sunday table " - JB 
is about to begin the tech support portion of my visit to Ashland . 
You can see my Christmas Tree lights from SPACE 
is back from UK basketball and MNF at Shenanigan's . Great fun at Freedom Hall ( Scratch wiped his butt on the dirty bird and then peed on it . ) Then my poor Patriots were made to look like the Cards football team by the Saints . Oh , well , still a fun night ! 
Just put my Hawaiian shirts away for the winter and buttoning up the boat for the season tomorrow . So sad . Come on Spring ! 
Cancun Cats are ready to rock . GO BIG BLUE !! 
thinks he might go watch the Cats practice in Cheat'um Hall 
" Those of you who think you know everything are annoying those of us who do . " - Unkown 
beard is coming along nicely . 
just scored tickets to the UK vs . Tennessee game Saturday . Thanks , Cuz ! 
2nd place in trivia . Damn you , Sandy Duncan ! 
President Obama is holding a job summit later today . Where was my invite ? 
just gotta know : who's buying HullabaLOU tickets today ? 
" Is it ignorance or apathy ? Hey , I don't know and I don't care . " - Jimmy Buffett 
Mayor Jerry just announced that the city will synchronize stop lights on 4 major roads in suburban Louisville . The cost ? 7 MILLION DOLLARS ! To synchronize traffic lights ? Seriously ? 7 million ? That's it , I'm running for Mayor . 
OK . Just heard the word " WerePanther , " as in a panther that's a mystical person like a werewolf . " STOP IT ! Quit pussifying our monster culture , aaaghhhhh ! 
survived another bachelor party . I'm too old for this crap . 
" Let us be thankful for the fools . But for them the rest of us could not succeed . " - Mark Twain 
has to go buy a new belt . Ran out of holes for the buckle ( in the good way , lol ! ) 
Stray kitten update - Its official , we named her LOLA , a reference to a Buffett son , not the Kink's song about a transvestite . Kat says LOLA is for her making us LOL too 
" I don't often make mistakes . I apologize for thinking you were worth my time . " - Sarcasm Society 
had to repost this - " I dream of a better tomorrow , where chickens can cross the road and not be questioned about their motives . " -Unknown 
" Monday morning you sure look fine . Tuesday I got travelin on my mind . " - Fleetwood Mac 
WANT YOUR OLD FB BACK ? - Here is how you can change it back to the old style . Look to the top left menu and click on MORE . Then drag STATUS UPDATES to the top . After dragging to top , click on it . That becomes your default page and it is like before . Pass it on ! 
If you could bring a person ( real or fictional ) from the past to the present for 48 hours , who would you choose and what would you do ? 
Game night at the Schesers ' tonight at 7pm . Teachers are celebrating having the next 5 days off . Everyone invited . 
" You got your Tony Lama's on , your jeans pressed tight . Take a few tokes , make you feel alright . Rockin ' and a Rollin ' on a Livingston Saturday night . " - JB 
Lion balls . it was Lion balls 
is dusting off his " to do " list for the Christmas Party and getting busy ! Outta my way cats ! 
Gee , Oral Roberts REALLY didn't want to attend tomorrow's UofL basketball game 
I'm baaaaaack . Anyone miss me ? hahaha 
received our first Christmas card yesterday . Reality sinks in , 3 weeks ' til Christmas already ? 
is making pulled-pork BBQ for the party tonight . Hot & spicy ! 
Hope to see lots of you tonight at the our annual Christmas Party . See events for details . Call me at 502/592-9028 if you need directions or more info . Merry Christmas ! 
This day is full of cool , geeky things for me - FIRST : New Dark Tower Book by Stephen King ; Stephen has announced that he has an idea for a new Dark Tower book , the working title of which will be THE WIND THROUGH THE KEYHOLE . 
is wondering how many Facebook friends of mine are hiding my comments 
A poem courtesy of UKennetha : " Oh , the weather outside is frightful , But the CATS are so delightful , And L'ville fans need to know , 10 and 0 , 10 and 0 , 10 and 0 !!!! The CATS show no signs of stopping , and Pitino's eyes are popping . He moans ' cause the CATS won't slow ... He says , " Why'd I go , Why'd I go , Why'd I go ? " 
Kitten update . - Vet reports she's all better . Fiesty little shit and funny as hell . Rascal is relaxing a bit more and is trying to play but she's having none of it . We're allowing her to explore the downstairs area . 
had a great time last night with our wonderful friends and family . PARTY BREAKDOWN : Kat did a fantastic job with the food ; the bar rocked ( you're welcome ); chocolate fountain broke but dipping was cool too ; tequila out the nose burns ; Parrotheads ruled the roost ; MORE TO COME --- 
Hello Winter ! The only good thing about the winter solstice is daylight will now start getting longer . " Winter's veil does not cover my hopes of a Spring awakening . " - me 
Getting ready to go watch the Wildcats play . Interesting dynamic : The level of basketball greatness and skill plus the fan IQ level in Freedom Hall will both increase dramatically tonight . 
Happy Festivus everyone ! Air your grievances below ... 
First to 1000 , first to 2000 , will be first to 3000 wins . GO CATS ! 
" Suppose you were an idiot . And suppose you were a member of Congress . But I repeat myself . " - Mark Twain 
Just watched my favorite Christmas move , " White Christmas " for the zillionth time . 
PARTY BREAKDOWN CONTINUED : Julie and Lisa made me happy with " Oh Holy Night " renditions ; Karaoke chased off many guests , as usual ; Evil Mikey arrived late but made a spectacular appearance ; 4am lights out . Now , cleaning and apologizing to neighbors . Thanks to everyone who made it a terrific party . 
I have arranged discounted hotel rooms for our party this Saturday . Let me know if you need one so I can put your name on the resv . Lisa and Liz are already set . Thanks 
Looking forward to trivia tonight at Flanigan's with Kat and friends . 1st place tonight ! 
Putting on the Christmas music , plugging in the tree . Spiking the eggnog with bourbon , just for little ole me . 
Looking out at the Smokies 
What a beautiful , albeit cold , start to the weekend . Heading to my sisters then to buy a Christmas tree for the cats to destroy . Fun , fun 
Do you know why I'm such a great farmer in Farmville ? Because I'm out standing in my field ! Get it ? HAHAHA ! Outstanding , in my field . LOL ! 
But that doesn't excuse the horrendous play by UofL . The Cats tried to give this game away only to have it handed right back to us . Thanks , Cards , for sucking ass so much . When the Cats are off their game , its nice to know that our little brother can be depended on to fold like a lawn chair in a Cat . 5 
So , today is a palindrome - 01/02/2010 , backwards and forwards - so we've got that going for us . Enjoy your day . 
" Winter is nature's way of saying , " Up yours . " ~ Robert Byrne . - haha , thanks Stacey 
Finally saw Avatar . I do not say this often but this movie must be seen in the theater and in 3-D , preferably in IMAX also . I truly believe Avatar is a new mark in motion picture history . Do yourself a favor and go see it . I had low expectations and was blown away . 
So , what I really want for Farmville is a slaughterhouse and steakhouse because I'm tired of looking at those calves without A-1 sauce on them 
Very pretty in snowy Ashland . Wonder where they sled around here ? 
Best Movie of 2009 ? 
" Kohler pulled a book from the shelf and handed it to Langdon . " 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness ...... 93% wont Copy and Paste this , many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
What is this bright orb in the sky ? It confuses and scares me . 
Okay people , let's use our brains . If you get the little update that says " BLA BLA BLA has commented on a photo of you " and then in order to see it , you have to install an APP ....... DON'T DO IT ! I've gotten three tonight . 
My dog ate the magnetic letters off my fridge and pooped out another Dan Brown novel . 
Just got out of the courthouse for jury duty . What a disorganized mess ! 
Let's hope the good folks in Massachusetts make the right decision today . 
The Lousyville Cardinals go down in shameful defeat and win Mikey some $$$ . The dirty bird's caws of " thugs " is hilarious considering how UofL players assault their own fans . Big Cuz should not have done what he did and will have Coach Cal and the team on his back for it . UK will not tolerate what UofL does for a living . 
Heading to Virginia to see my long-lost son . Snow in the WV mountains won't stop me ! 
I'm always astounded how people I thought I knew well show little or no class . I guess I set my expectations too high . 
4 in a row for UK football ? Hell yeah ! Go CATS ! 
" In all matters of opinion , our adversaries are insane . " - Oscar Wilde 
17-0 
Is there anything Obama can't screw up ? Thanks , jackass , for the jinx . 
Congrats UofL on a fantastic road win . This should propel them to an NCAA bid and great finish to the season 
Made it through the West Virginia mountains to be greeted with the start of the snow fall here in Eastern KY . Bunking down in Ashland for the weekend . 
is cooking potato soup and getting ready to make history . 
Just heard President Obama has picked the New Orleans Saints to win the Super Bowl , so go ahead and safely put your life's savings on the Colts to win . 
What's happened to kids going around shoveling snow for some pocket change ? If you have a 12-18 year old , send them to Morton Avenue . 
“You can shed tears that she is gone , or you can smile because she has lived . You can close your eyes and pray that she'll come back , or you can open your eyes and see all she's left . Your heart can be empty because you can't see her , or you can be full of the love you shared . Or , you can do what she'd want : smile , open your eyes , love and go on . ” - David Harkins 
Great game . Congrats to the Alabama Tide and a big kudos to Texan QB Gilbert who showed a lot of guts as a freshman thrust into a very hard situation . 
Snow on the ground . Snow on the ground . Actin ' like a fool with the snow on the ground . 
I always like it when someone gets mad at others for something stupid THEY'VE done . Just watched a driver get out of her car and yell at another driver because SHE herself was going the wrong way on my one-way street ( Morton Ave ) . Classic . 
Snow Check List - 1 . ) Liquor 2 . ) Beer 3 . ) ??? and , that's all folks 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been smashed by robots . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being smashed by robots is not something to be ashamed of . Robots are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying . Most insurance will not cover Robot smashing . 93% won't copy and paste this ... They have been smashed by Robots . 
Saw this headline in today's C-J newspaper : " Winter Wonderland event cancelled due to snow . " 
is discombobulated . 
What the hell is up with flights from Amsterdam to Detroit ? They're full of crazy ! 
Hanging out with my visiting son . 
Team Trivia tonight at Flanigan's . I'm suggesting the team name , " The groundhog saw its shadow yesterday and predicted 3 more years of Obama . " 
People Eating Tasty Animals ( PETA ) recently sent a letter to the president of the Punxsutawney Groundhog Inner Circle suggesting they retire Punxsutawney Phil to a sanctuary and replace him with an electronic groundhog . I suggest replacing PETA people with electronic assholes . Same difference . 
" God , grant me the serenity to accept the people I cannot change , the courage to change the one I can , and the wisdom to know it's me . " ~ Author Unknown ( thanks Stacey ! ) 
I'm not looking for a fight , just honest opinions . Happy Inauguration day , President Obama . 1 year into his term , he gives himself a B+ grade . How about you ? Are you better off than a year ago ? Grade Mr. Obama and back up your opinion . Hear that ? OPINION . Everybody has one . Go ! 
I am a domestic GOD ! 
Back from the circus and UK basketball watching . Just a note that Broadbent Arena is a cesspool . The animals actually made it smell better . 
WTF ? 2 days worth of status updates just came pouring in my FB page . Sorry if I missed anything interesting . 
Alright UK ! 2010 wins in 2010 . 
heading to the biggest show in town with the goddaughter for a little animal cruelty . 
Team trivia at Flanigan's Ale House tonight . I'm suggesting the team name " X-rated Snowmen " 
" If the world were re-created in your image , would it be Paradise or Perdition ? " - BioShock 2 
Ugh ! Horrible game but still a win . Alright Cats , better get things together . Tough schedule coming up . 
Public Service tip for Facebook users who are receiving unwanted app-crap ( my term , thank you ) on their News Feed . If you click the " Hide " button next to the post , FB gives you the option of hiding the application or hiding the person entirely . If you click on Hide Farmville " you'll stop getting annoying posts from that app . 
" This mornin , I shot six holes in my freezer . I think I got cabin fever . Somebody sound the alarm ... I gotta go where there ain't any snow , where there ain't any blow , ' cause my fin sinks so low . I gotta go where it's warm ! " - Boat Drinks by Jimmy Buffett 
Hello all ! Haven't been online in a few days and I know you missed me . Most of you know Kat's beloved mother passed away early Friday . Everyone has been great to us and their family . Some form of normalcy will start for us soon . Thanks for all the prayers and thoughts . 
" You can only be young once . But you can always be immature . " -Dave Barry 
Duke's Coach K is going to the NBA NJ Nets ! Pass it on . 
" Every time I see you it brings back fond memories of the last time we said goodbye . " 
It's Valentine's Week on Facebook . Change your profile picture to a picture of you with your significant other and tell us how long you've been together . 
Won at team trivia last night at Flanigan's ($$$) , beating another team with this great name - " Cocks dribbling more than Cats can overcome . " 
Saw the new " We are the World 25 ( for Haiti ) " video . GARBAGE ! 
has decided to be sick . Where's my Alka-Seltzer Cold Plus when I need it ? 
" Oh , oh , oh - Wednesday's like a river . " 
Uh-Oh ! Realized Lent just started as I'm eating my vegetable BEEF soup . See you in HELL !! 
Screw you , George Mason , and your lousy overtime ! 
Throw me some beads , Mister ! 
Happy Marmot Day everyone . 
UK dug in their heels and pulled one out of the fire against MSU . Cousin's " call me " taunts were hilarious . Did anyone see the MSU fan in white face paint pouting after the game ? Poor sad clown . Too funny ! 
Tiger said that he doesn't get to play by different rules , the same boundaries apply to him as with everyone . When's the last time you've seen another guy who cheated on his wife hold an all-network press conference ? Bullshit . 
" If we had no winter , the spring would not be so pleasant . " ~ Anne Bradstreet 
Wow ! Hard fought win . Way to stay tough Wildcats . Did anyone see the douchebag UofL fan cheering in the Vandy section ? Hope he gets caught at the Ky/TN state line . 
is back home and chillin ' . I see Evil Mikey hasn't updated lately . Where has that jackass been ? 
This just in ! - The Nobel Prize in Biology has been awarded to Fumiaki Taguchi , Song Guofu and Zhang Guanglei of Kitasato University Graduate School of Medical Sciences in Sagamihara , Japan , for demonstrating that kitchen refuse can be reduced more than 90% in mass by using bacteria extracted from the feces of giant pandas . 
is getting crotchety in his old age . : / 
" Frosted tips do not a good basketball player make . " - Confuseded 
Its so beautiful today that Kat and I are taking the day off . What are you other suckers doing ? 
You know you're getting old when you take a nap in order to go hit the bars later , then don't go out at all because you slept too long . 
Happy President's Day ! Who's your favorite President ever and why ? 
" Snow on the ground , snow on the ground . Actin ' like a fool with the snow on the ground . " - repeat from last week , get over it 
Sushi , then Shutter Island with Katbird and friends . Nice Friday evening . 
Quality road win for the Cards . Whoda thunkit ? 
Quick poll : Is anyone going to watch Jay Leno tonight ? Why or why not ? 
Just type in one word as a reply - COLTS or SAINTS ??? 
Louisiana is changing the days of the week as follows : Mondat , Truedat , Wedat , Drewdat , Fridat , Saintsdat , and Whodat . Please adjust your calendar . 
" A word to the wise isn't necessary . It's the stupid ones that need the advice . " - Bill Cosby 
Seriously people , if you are in a movie theater , DO NOT ANSWER YOUR PHONE AND ( certainly ) HAVE A CONVERSATION ! Just turn the damn thing off and enjoy yourself . You young whippersnappers do not need to be in contact with the world every single second . IDIOTS ! 
Way to deflate those ' Cocks ! Nice , solid win that could have ( should have ) been spectacular , with all th missed dunks and put-backs . Now on to the ' Ville for a little orange butt-kickin'! 
Saw this headline today and had to repeat it here - " Congrats to Robert C . Byrd , now the longest-serving lawmaKKKer in congressional history . " Funny ! 
Getting ready for THE game , UK vs . UNC . Believe it or not , Cards fans , this is the one i want to win each year . In support , please call the North Carolina team the TAR-HOLES today . So its either going to be a GREAT day or I'll be switching to my alter-ego around 3pm . GO BIG BLUE !!! 
Wow , the sky is a gorgeous blue today . That's Spring , peaking around the corner . Come on , baby ! 
" Get your facts first , and then you can distort them as much as you please . " -Mark Twain 
Time for the Cats to claw the ' Cocks ! 
It's all good ... 
I'm going to coach the NBA NJ Nets ! Pass it on 
It's that time of year again ! Less than a week before Evil Mikey unleashes his NCAA basketball pool . I am retiring this year and will just be running the show . Details are coming soon . Hope to have lots of participants , new and returning . Spread the word . 
funniest FARK headline I've seen this week - " Mrs. Keaton comes out of the closet , says she is a lesbian . Alex reportedly shaking with rage . " 
If anyone sees a huge red weather balloon tethered to the ground today anywhere in the area , please call me ASAP . Its for a contest and i'll explain later . Thanks ! 
hmmm , my mobile texts didn't make it here so ... No defense + no perimeter shooting = bad loss . UK is lucky the game was this close . I'm glad they scrapped back to tie with 2 minutes to go but put themselves in that situation with horrendous defense and shooting . Thank God for free throws or its a 30 point loss . 
" Everyone has a photographic memory . Some just don't have film . " - Steven Wright 
Blessing of the Beer today for St. Patrick's . Has there ever been a more awesome religious ceremony ? 
is a happy camper . Two wins in one day for the Wildcats and depressed , angry , delusional UofL fans make for a great Saturday . 
30-2 but , yeah , we suck . Right ? Whatever . 
So , you can pierce your children's ears and have the boys circumcised but its illegal to tattoo them ? 
ESPN's Joe Lunardi ( Mr. Bracketology ) has UK and UofL meeting in the second round in the East bracket . Can you imagine ? Let's cross our fingers ! 
hopes MSU gets in the tourney , they deserve it . Tough , well played game by both sides . UK got lucky but sometimes that's what it takes . 
Almost game time for the rubber match . Come on CATS ! - GO °¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸WILDCATS ! º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º°¨¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤ GO º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø , „ WILDCATS ! º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º° GO °¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸ WILDCATS ! º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º°¨¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤ GO º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø , „ WILDCATS ! º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º° 
" Beware the Ides of March ! " - Bill Shakespeare 
Getting down to the wire for Evil's NCAA basketball pool . If you want to join online , send me your email so I can send you the CBS Sportsline invite . You cannot join without this invitation email . If you have a paper bracket you want to enter , let me know ASAP so I can make arraignments . Email or call me at 502/592-9028 . 
Its National Procrastination Week . Let's have a beer later 
Is anyone else hearing " grandpa will fight everyday for KY , " instead of Rand Paul , in his commercials ? 
" Some people approach every problem with an open mouth . " - Adlai Stevenson - reposted 
Rand Paul : " I'm a Duke Blue Devil . " Trey Grayson : " I'm a UK Wildcat . Kiss my ass ! " OK , I added that last little part . Best political ad ever ! LOL 
" When we drink , we get drunk . When we get drunk , we fall asleep . When we fall asleep , we commit no sin . When we commit no sin , we go to heaven . So , let's all get drunk and go to heaven ! " - My favorite Irish toast . Happy Saint Patrick's Day Everyone ! 
Back after a productive and eventful weekend . Sorry if I missed a post or event happening here on FB . Time to catch up . 
GO°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸WILDCATS ! º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º°¨¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤GOº°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø , „WILDCATS ! º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º° 
Game time , Go UK , beat MSU ! - GO °¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸WILDCATS ! º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º°¨¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤ GO º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø , „ WILDCATS ! º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º° GO °¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸ WILDCATS ! º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º°¨¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤ GO º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø , „ WILDCATS ! º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º° 
Come on Gator Haters , lets hear from ya . C-A-T-S , Cats , Cats , CATS ! 
Congrats Gamecocks . They out hustled and out played UK in every way . Pressure's off now though , so , look out ! 
Rick Pitino announced he is heading to the NBA NJ Nets . Pass it on ! 
* sniffle , sniffle . Achoooo ! //cough , cough , cough// * sniffle - " whine !!! " Gotta love a good cold 
Facebook is pretty wonky this morning . Anyone else having trouble ? 
What part of " Killer Whale " did they not understand ? 
NFL baby ! 
I think I am one of the few people who really likes the KY State Fair . Every year I get excited that it's here again . I can spend hours wandering the grounds , people watching , checking out the exhibits and animals , cruising the vendor booths for useless junk . Then wandering into one of the beer tents for loud music and redneck entertainment on the midway . YEEHAW YA'LL , let's go to the fair ! 
Baxter Avenue Morgue looks busy . Go get scared ! 
No color , except for gray - on this cold November day . - A flash of blue ! It's a Jay . - He makes me yearn for coming May . 
I'm taking Kat to Captain's Quarters for her birthday today @ 5:30 pm if anyone would like to join us . Chow Wagon afterwards ? Short notice , no obligation . Call or text me at 502/592-9028 if needed . 
Having fun is hard work . 
For the love of God and my sanity , please do not drive in the left lane of a highway for no good reason . Drive RIGHT , pass LEFT . Jackasses abound on I-64 
I'm glad Cal has their best player suspended or who knows what the score might be 
is overdosing on basketball . 
For all the pansies whose mommas wouldn't let them play real sports when they were kids ; enjoy the next few weeks of mindless standing around on a large field and ball-kicking with , maybe , 5 seconds of excitement . Don't even try to " educate " me in this drivel . I already know all the " facts " you girls will try to use . At least root for the USA . I can get behind that sentiment . USA-USA-USA !!! 
Shenanigan's wing night - solo ? 
“I would like to cap the salary of any elected official in the state to what the average school teacher makes in the state . " - State Rep. Lyle Larson ( R-San Antonio ) 
" Don’t be humble . You’re not that great . " -Golda Meir 
Louisville has the worst air quality in the country today . Yea Louisville ! We're #1 ! We're #1 ! 
Look at your team , then look at mine . LOOK at your team , then look at MINE . 35-3 record , Elite Eight appearance , over 2k wins , 7 national championships , and the best fans in the country . Congrats UK Wildcats on a great season . Bring it , haters ! 
“We can’t expect the American people to jump from Capitalism to Communism , but we can assist their elected leaders in giving them small doses of Socialism , until they awaken one day to find that they have Communism . ” Nikita Krushchev 
A wise and frugal government , which shall leave men free to regulate their own pursuits of industry and improvement , and shall not take from the mouth of labor the bread it has earned - this is the sum of good government . -Thomas Jefferson 
I'm going to lead a petition to recall Jack Conway as KY's Attorney General . Details to follow . Who's with me ? 
I hope today's not the day that I have a heart attack and try to get someone on Facebook to help me and they think it's an April Fools joke . 
Who's up for a good ole ' church fish fry tonight ? 
Come on Congress , do the Right thing . 
Got my growler full . Looks like a good day . 
Watching Black Hawk Down and getting pissed all over again 
" I predict future happiness for Americans if they can prevent the government from wasting the labors of the people under the pretense of taking care of them . " - Thomas Jefferson 
An intolerable act . For the first time in my life , I am ashamed to be an American . 
Alright ! Fidel gives America the thumbs up . Good for us ! 
Last night I discovered the ultimate combination to solve any future energy shortages America might have : draft beer , navy bean soup and White Castles in one sitting . I'm glad our stove doesn't have a pilot light . 
Great season for UK and their fans . It was a wonderful year to enjoy basketball in the bluegrass . This last game was one of the most bizarre I've ever seen . Congrats WVU and Coach Huggins . Thanks and goodbye Wall , Cuz and PatPat . UK is reloaded for next year already so the Big Blue train will keep on rollin ' . 
OK , I'm back to my " no politics or religion " on Facebook pledge . Couldn't help it but I'll try to do better . 
Ummm , it's Friday . Guess where Mikey is heading . DING DING DING ! Correct . 
We resolve that we will keep faith with those we have loved and lost . And we resolve that , always , we will remember Pearl Harbor . ” – President Reagan 
I hope there's such a thing as kharma since I gave up my FRONT ROW SEAT at Charlie Daniels for a handicapped lady . 
heading to Keeneland today with the Mrs. First post = 1:05 pm . See you there ? 
Movie with the kid ( 24 ) tonight - Kick Ass or Clash of the Titans ? 
Rock ! - CHOKE ! - Jayhawk ! 
Just back from Paris . Lovely 
My dear Son has departed after his short visit . We miss you so much in Louisville . Get your butt back here soon . 
Our kitten Lola is home from the vet after her spay and de-claw . She has her entire belly shaved . I think I'll keep it that way . 
" In 1776 , the American Republic boldly announced its birth with the Declaration of Independence . In 2010 , it quietly expired with a declaration of dependence -- on government , on entitlement , and on the Democratic party . " 
Grab onto something , I'm going to divide by zero 
Slow down , don't make sudden changes , increase stopping distance , It's easy folks , don't make it difficult . Already have seen several cars off road . Use common sense . 
If you're a bicyclist , please answer this question . Why do most cyclist wear those funny shorts and jerseys , even when they're not in a race or training ? T-shirts and shorts not cool enough ? 
Never seen so much smugness in one room before 
3 ricks = 1 cord , which is 8'x4'x4 ' . Now you know 
What the hell is an atheist chaplain ? 
Will someone fertilize my farm and then , maybe post a sign that you like my farm ? 
Go UK ! 
This is going to be a great week ! 
Just returned from Buffalo Wild Wings with a 5-0 record in trivia ! Blazin ' wings were rockin ' too ! 
watching the Belle go by while at the Chow Wagon . nostalgic 
Today is National Whiskey Sour Day ! Please do your part to celebrate this monumental occasion . 
Shenanigan's wing night and MNF and Mikey's home at 9pm . Guess who has a physical tomorrow ? 
Who has an adult drink in their hand right now ? 
" I wake up every morning determined both to change the world and have one hell of a good time . Sometimes this makes planning the day a little difficult . " - E.B. White ( awesome ! thanks to Katie ) 
Heading to Sake Blue for the kid's birthday . Mmmm , sushi ( not ! ) 
The prodigal son returns . Welcome home John-Michael , at least for awhile 
Making navy bean soup . Who wants some ? 
Dipped my Wild buffalo wings into Blazin ' sauce and created a vortex in my bowels . 
Wow ! Margaritaville has Frozen Concoction Makers on sale at $75 off for two days only . What a great BIRTHDAY present for some Parrothead who's BIRTHDAY is coming up soon and might go to the beach this summer , and has a boat that he likes to party on and ... 
Douche or Turd ? 
Oh , hello Facebook . Been away for several days . Miss me ? LOL ! Big time news in my posts tomorrow ( Tuesday . ) I wasn't ignoring anybody , just VERY busy . Stay tuned . 
an available table outside Flanigans for Highlands Fest - Priceless ! 
Conan ! 
Just so ya know : I don't wish anyone to die , but I know a good " bad joke " when I see one . 
My wife is the light that brightens my day , the passion that lifts my soul and the love that fills my heart . I love you so much ! Happy Birthday-eve Katbird . 
Extra seat for Jimmy Buffett in Cincy tomorrow night if anyone is interested . Come join us on the Buffett Bus ! Drinks , food and ride provided . 
Thursday is my wonderful wife's , Kat , 4th annual 39th birthday . Since she deserves the whole week to celebrate , I'm going to post something nice about her everyday this week . Today's is simple but , oh , so true : She has great patience , a sense of humor , an iron will , and bad taste in husbands . Love you Honey ! 
Happy Derby Day everyone . Who ya got ? 
I have 5 players on my team . You have 10 players . You constantly recruit and sign new players , but they don't understand the plays or fail to show up for the game . My team doesn't recruit , plays willingly , and understands what they're playing for . Yet , despite overwhelming numbers and cheating by the other team , my team wins consistently . 
Making spicy chicken tomato soup and requesting subpoenas . An interesting day , indeed . 
My two cents : I re-watched the President's speech from last night and read the transcript . I thought he did a great job in being respectful and inspirational , while invoking some hope in a terrible tragedy . What turned me off was the constant cheering , shouting and applause . It seemed like a State of the Union address or rock concert . 
I love my wife so much because she lets me win at trivia and Jeopardy . Happy early birthday Katbird ! 
Auntie Em ! Auntie Em ! 
Making vodka martinis . Come get them before they're gone ....... Oops , too late . 
NFL , homemade chili , BL , and a recliner . Oh , and a picture window with a lake view . Ahhhhhh ... 
Some died before Jack . Some died after Jack . They all met to greet him when he died and sauntered off together into the ever after . Ben is now the Island's protector . Who's still LOST ? 
ALL ABOARD ! - Last call for the Persiad meteor shower , which is at its peak tonight . Over 100 shooting stars per hour and no moon . Anyone want to head to the lake for a little sky gazing ? Leaving the dock at appx . 7:30 pm . Need more details ? Call me . ( Chad and Cam are already in ! ) 
Mucho love to all the Mommas out there . Sure do miss mine . : ( 
Besides a hilarious trivia team name , drank some beers tonight that rocked my world . Try Harpoon Leviathan Red and Shiner 101 . I'm far from a beer snob but those two kick serious ass . 
Let's celebrate Trece De Mayo ! 
Alcohol is the anesthesia in by which we endure the operation of life - G.B. Shaw 
Things just keep getting better and better ! ( this is not sarcasm ) 
I'll be posting a great article on procrastination later . Be sure to check it out . 
Great news today . We won another round in my lawsuit . Time to start swinging the bat and aim for the fence . No holds barred now . Things just got fun ! 
Flanigan's Ale House is dead to me . I will not step foot in another O'Shea's business ever again . Their love of $$$ over their staff and customers is revolting . Run your biz anyway you like , but at the risk of turning away good and loyal customers . Details and a great new Facebook page on the subject soon . My Evil mug has been filled for the last time : ( 
Really , IMDB ? Inception is ranked the #3 movie of all time . Really ? I gave it an 8 out of 10 . 
The worst ignorance is to reject something you know nothing about 
Happy Birthday Jarheads ! 
Louisville Bats game tonight @ 7:05 pm . Happy Hour $1 beer from 5-7pm . Who's coming with me ? 
Goodbye beard . I'll remember you fondly . That one time that I found part of a cookie in you . Sweet ! Maybe I'll see you again come winter but , summer calls . Ciao . 
Guess I'd better start my Christmas shopping . 
Recovering from the Buffett concert last night . Kat bought an awesome Parrothead flag for the boat . Can't wait to get it flying in the breeze ! 
My great quote from last night at Shenanigan's - " Wearing an eye patch doesn't make you a pirate , just a half-blind asshole . " 
Hello college basketball season ! How I've missed you . Can't wait for the Wildcats to use the new Litter Box . Thanks , Louisville ! 
Can't wait for LOST tonight ! 
“A lot has been said about politicians ; some of it complimentary , but most of it accurate” -Eric Idle 
C-A-T-S , Cats , Cats , Cats ! 
The Big Ten with eleven teams will soon be the Big Ten with twelve teams while the Big Twelve with twelve teams will now be the Big Twelve with eleven teams . Got that ? Good ! 
Happy Fifth of May ! I'll celebrate but I'll be damned if I say it in Spanish . 
Weddings in Ashland are always a blast . That poor country club didn't know what hit it . 
Taking the Jeopardy test at 8pm . Wish me luck ! 
It's allllllllll goooooood ! 
My birthday present was just delivered . Thank you UPS ! My honey got me the Margaritaville Cordless Concoction Maker . How'd she know ? Look out boat and beach ! 
So , the Mrs. and I had a nice dinner last night at a very nice restaurant . The table across from us had a mid-aged couple sitting at it . Throughout the entire time they were there , all they did was look and play with their cell phones . Pitiful . 
HEADS UP ! - The infamous Facebook episode from South Park will air tonight on Comedy Central . Even if you don't like SP , you should check this one out . Kip Drordy thanks you . 
Hahahaha ! Great " friends " request today . Hilarious ! 
Everyone have a great and safe holiday weekend . Heading to the lake . Cya Monday ! 
'' He that wrestles with us strengthens our nerves , and sharpens our skill . Our antagonist is our helper . '' - Edmund Burke 
Seeing so many friends from my childhood on FB now . Don't know if I should re-introduce myself or not . We all have very different lives now . It's strange how the years have flown by . Really miss that skinny ( yes , skinny ! ) little smart-ass from the 70s . 
Throughly impressed with Aaron Rodgers . He owes me ten bucks . 
Wow ! Sitting on the boat right now and posting to Facebook . Gotta love a marina with wireless access . I'd be looking at the water or something from nature but it's " country dark . " Nothing to see unless you shine a light on it . Yes , yes , Bud Light , I hear you . Gotta go . 
It's Five O'clock somewhere and definitely here in Louisville ! 
Redesigning and putting in new plants for the backyard . Any good idea for heavy shade perennials ? 
We are asking everyone to say a prayer for " Darkhorse " 3rd Battalion 5th Marines and their families . They are fighting it out in Afghanistan and have lost 9 marines in 4 days . Please re-post this . IT WOULD BE NICE TO SEE ON EVERYONE'S WALL . Semper Fidelis Brothers & Sisters !!! 
" I've accepted the fact that I'm better than you . You should too . " 
Thanks to everyone who sent me birthday wishes ! I certainly appreciate it 
4 of the Forbes top 5 miserable cities are in California . What ever happened to Cali being the " cool " and " progressive " State ? 
needs a plumber ! 
I'm hiring for the following positions if you , or anyone you know , is looking : Front Desk ( full and p/t ) , Marriott experience preferred , not required - Several AM and PM servers , cooks and cashiers for Bistro opening soon . No experience nec . Prefer you message me privately , email or call if interested or want more info . 
What a day ! Mikey needs an adult beverage . mmmmmmmmm 
( zoom , zoom ! ) 
... is ready to re-assemble the Wednesday Night Trivia Team for Flanigan's Pub . Where ya at ??? 
on the BAB yesterday and today , then looking at lake houses . Herrigton Lake = fun ! 
The lady who does the new KIA commercials has to be the director's girlfriend . She's horrible 
I'll take BLAME in the Classic but I hope I'm wrong . 
There was a real cool crescent moon with Venus nearby in the night sky during my overnight trip . I tried to take a picture but it would not come out right . I have a 8mp digital with night setting but I don't know what the hell I'm doing . Anyone have any suggestions ? 
They should have sent a poet ! 
For my hotel friends - " Hospitality : Making your guests feel like they're at home , even if you wish they were . " 
So , how's that World Cup thing going ? 
How is it that every time you debate with a liberal , you wind up being called racist , in one form or another ? 
Sooooo , since LOST is gone forever , I no longer have a TV show to watch weekly . Anyone have suggestions for me to add to my TIVO ? 
I need a quick review for the Android X or Incredible . Anyone have this device and would you recommend it ? 
Louisville Bats game tonight . Happy Hour w/$1 beer from 5p-7p . I'm there ! 
Nebraska is in the Big Ten conference now ? WTF 
" Soccer is Pro Wrestling with a ball . " - Tony Kornheiser , ESPN 
So , the trapped Chilean miners fight over who will leave mine last . My money is on the miner with both a wife and a girlfriend waiting for him on the surface . ( thanks , Fark ) 
Just watched a guy propose to his gf during a karaoke party at the marina . So I sang Buffett's " Why don't we get drunk and ... " as a tribute . 
This year we will experience 4 unusual dates .... 1/1/11 , 1/11/11 , 11/1/11 , 11/11/11 ...... NOW this unusual tidbit .... take the last 2 digits of the year you were born and add the age you will be this year and it WILL EQUAL .... 111 
Doing a mid-month FB run through and housecleaning . Whats up ? 
A 1-1 draw . That's soooooo exciting ! 
Happy Birthday President Barack Obama ! At least we think it's your birthday . If only we had some sort of legal proof of your birth . Perhaps a certificate or something . 
Lack of leadership , inexperience and arrogance will bring you disrespect from your subordinates . During my eight years in the military , in a non-com leadership role ( E-5 ) , unqualified higher ranking personnel learned that lesson quickly . I hope this CIC learns this too . 
Just a FYI : No Schesers ' Christmas party this year . We will be moving the last of Kat's Mother's items from Ashland and saying a fond goodbye to the Peebles homestead that weekend . I'm sure we will have a ge t-t ogether at the new homestead on the lake during the holidays . On a lighter note , at least you won't have to hear me sing ! 
... and the gnashing of teeth begins . 
Backyard oasis is finished with new patio , sculpted flower beds and Alabama sunset gravel . Just a few touch-ups remain . Who's ready for a cookout ? 
After a two week hiatus , I'm back on FB due to overwhelming popular demand . Not really , I didn't hear from any of you bastards , Just bored and there's too much happening this summer . But no more Farmville . Seriously , I mean it . No more Farmville .......... 
Another grand slam ! 2 in 1 game and its only the 4th inning 
Louisville Lebowski Fest begins today . Anyone attending ? 
Persiad meteor shower is at its peak tonight and tomorrow . Over 100 shooting stars per hour and no moon . Anyone want to head to the lake for a little sky gazing ? 
Off Facebook until August . Email me at mikescheser@gmail.com if needed 
UK Wildcat Basketball in less than two hours ! Great time for a Big Blue fix . 
Greasy chicken buckets on your heads makes you look like dunces . Who thought of that promotion ? 
So long Facebook , see you in August . Mikey's taking a sabbatical . 
Might do Georgetown drive-in tonight for Inception , then Toy Story 3 . What a strange line up . 
They should give out tokens for quitting and not playing Farmville , just like AA . 
During a confrontation today at the hotel , a housekeeper asked me if I wanted to " see how they do things down in the West End . " I replied that since I grew up on 40th street , I probably invented how they do things nowadays . I'd take her down faster than a TARC bus . 
Watching paint dry 
Go Big Blue ! playing a better team this week but we're at home . 35-17 Cats . 
Wow , Pitino , 15 seconds ? You admitted that under oath ? Let's hope he coaches better than he ... never mind 
... thinks its cool that my Mother-In-Law's Memorial FB page has more friends than my Evil twin's . 
Thank you President Bush , for having the courage and fortitude to order the troop surge in Iraq and set the deadlines for withdrawing combat troops and , next year , all troops . Thank you President Obama , for not screwing it up , even though you opposed the surge and said it wouldn't work . 
Verizon users ; for the love of God , DO NOT GET THE iPhone4 . It's a piece of garbage . If you want a phenomenal phone , go with Droid X . 
Off the smack , back on the drink ... 
Nice second half , Cats . Boy , do we need a real center 
34 degrees on the deck at the lake vs . my Caribbean coffee . I win either way . 
Nut up or shut up ! 
Happy 70th Birthday to Bugs Bunny 
Hey friends and family , I am seeking donations for my hotel's employee Christmas party for door prizes/giveaways . Any items or gift certificates from your work would be appreciated . I have free night stays for comparable donations . Contact me if you can help out . THANKS ! 
Grand Slam at Slugger Field ! 
August ? WTF ??? 
Just hit 50 degrees at Lake Herrington ! Might have to get the boat out . 
Wow , Employment really cuts into my Facebook time . Must re-evaluate . 
Two tickets to tonight's UofL game @7pm if anyone wants them . Do not respond here . Call or text me ASAP ! 
GEEK ALERT ! - at precisely 9:30 pm to night , the International Space Station will pass over Louisville for 4 minutes and will be the brightest ever witnessed ( due to occurring directly after sun passes over horizon . ) Look SW ( toward Shively . ) It will appear as a fast moving , bright star , heading NE . Have fun ! 
You lollygag the ball around the infield . You lollygag your way down to first . You lollygag in and out of the dugout . You know what that makes you ? 
What kind of chauncey-ass college team plays on high school Friday night ? 
Drum roll please ! First of all , I am now gainfully employed once again . Despite the efforts of certain people ( it's called slander in a lawsuit ) , I am now the Operations Manager at a great hotel ( to be named later . ) I started today and couldn't be happier with the hotel , staff and company . Perfect fit for me . Kat is greatly relieved , of course . Yea , me ! 
has anyone see " Tron-Legacy " yet ? Give me a review ! 
Change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until monday ( Dec . 6 ) there should be no human faces on facebook , but an invasion of memories . ( FOR THE FIGHT AGAINST CHILD VIOLENCE ! ) 
An early afternoon UK Wildcat game ? Guess someone won't be coming back from lunch today . 
" The America Republic will endure until the day Congress discovers that it can bribe the public with the public's money . " -- Alexis de Tocqueville/// --- Tocqueville was a noted 18th century French author who advocated SOCIALISM and was an extreme liberal . He wrote a couple of books about America and the quote above has never been more true . 
3 great days of Wildcat basketball ! I really like this team , even with the big guys not playing . Another great season ahead for the Big Blue Nation ! 
Any UofL fans up to a little wagering ? Haven't seen a lot of smack talk yet . WHATS UP ? 
Heading to Cincy for the Bengals/Bucs game . I hope this NFL outing has a better ending than the last one . 
" No bastard ever won a war by dying for his country . He won it by making the other poor dumb bastard die for his country " - Patton on FMC now ! 
Look at your status . Now back to mine . Now back to yours . Now back to mine . Sadly , yours isn't mine . But if you stopped posting about other things and made this your status , yours could be like mine . Look down . Back up . Where are you ? ..... You're on Facebook , reading the status your status could be like ! Anything is possible when your Facebook status looks like this one ... 
" Life's tough . It's even tougher if you're stupid . " - John Wayne 
Two great programs , two great teams , two great coaches . One great game . Good luck to both teams today . I'm glad we have a rich basketball tradition here in Kentucky . 
MRI results are back . Degenerative disc disease in the cervical area ( neck ) with two nerve endings protruding . Neurosurgeon , here i come . 
It doesn't surprise me that weak-minded people only want to hear and believe what they want to fantasize in their pitiful utopias . Quit living in a mud-hut and living a lie . Face the real world and own up to your deficiencies . 
Playing Family Feud , I answered " bestiality " for " Name a reason a person would get fired as a zoo keeper " and got buzzed wrong . Being a zoo keeper must be awesome but hard on the critters . 
My first official post from my new Droid X . Sweet ! 
At work by 5am , MRI at 8am , more work , physical therapy torture chamber = one tired Mikey . GOODNIGHT ! 
Mike Linnig's for seafood ! 
Way to hang tough Wildcats ! Why does every game UK plays have to have a season or career-high scoring night on the other team ? Glad Hansbrough only had 2 points in the second half . He was acting like a jackass . 
So much for HullabaLOU . Churchill Downs cancelled 2011 and fired their entertainment division today . 
" Send lawyers , guns and money ... " 
Seriously , I need a recommendation for a graphic artist ASAP . Help a brotha out ! 
Have you hugged a Vet today ? 
I need a reference for someone who does graphics or is in the t-shirt biz ASAP 
So , I interviewed and hired a full time shuttle driver last week . He was supposed to start training Wed . He called me that morning and said he'd rather draw unemployment and refused the job . Should I turn him in to the UI bureau ? 
Bye , Bye Mubarak ! Egypt is now on thin ice . Military is in control . It will be very interesting to see how all this plays out . The last time this happened , we got today's Iran . Let's pray for a different outcome . 
" The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter . " - Winston Churchill 
This ain't no Lum-Lum 
Put this on your status if you know someone/are related to someone who suffers from being a Cowboys Fan . Being a Cowboys Fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . There is still no known cure for CFD and sympathy does not help . But we can raise awareness . 90% of Cowboys fans wont repost this bc they dont know how to copy and paste . 
You know , you don't have to wait for nighttime to see the Christmas lights display at Mega Cavern . It's underground ! Had to explain this to a guest at the hotel today . 
Watching the Wildcats while sitting on the deck . Life's good . 
Patriots will be dining on sushi tonight . 
So , is anybody actually working Friday during the game ? 
" Moms who take iron supplements more likely to have kids who attend magnet schools " - Funniest FARK headline I've read in awhile . 
Heading to my Catholic elementary school all-class reunion tomorrow . Good old St. Columba . I have great memories of that school , classmates , and teachers . Maybe I'll wear my 7th grade Blackhawks basketball uniform . Hahahaha 
Sent at least 6 teens ( over 15 ) away from our door as they trick-or-treated . They didn't even have costumes . I'm glad I can be " that " asshole sometimes . 
Need ( WANT ! ) UK/Notre Dame tix for tonight . Who can hook me up ? 
Al Gore can kiss my freezing ass ! 
I think it's pretty cool that our three mayoral candidates met together at the Back Door bar and took questions from the regulars and had a small debate . Thumbs up for our city on this one . 
The NCAA has announced that the SEC Championship game will now be THE National Championship game and all other conferences will be moved to Division II 
Uh , Halloween is on Sunday . Any trick-or-treaters knocking on my door Saturday will be viewed as trespassing beggars and dealt with accordingly . 
I am officially putting my hat in the arena for JCPS Superintendent . All support is appreciate and deserved . 
I think Kim Jong-il is a little ronery and wants the USS George Washington and its occupants to come visit his fair land . Let's oblige him . 
Did Terry Meiners just steal my Facebook update from earlier ? That SOB ... 
CINDY SULLIVAN is now my Facebook friend ! One step closer to heaven . 
C-A-T-S , Cats , Cats , Cats ! Go Big Blue ! Beat those Cocks ! 
Sometimes I wanna copy someones status , word for word , and see if they notice . 
Beatdown in Foxboro . Rooting for the Packers now . 
4 tix to the UofL/Butler game tonight . Can't give ' em away . Sheesh 
Trying not to blow up on everyone's wall , but the ESPNU College Town is a fun app to play . If you start , send me a fan request . 
OUT-PLAYED , OUT-COACHED , OUT-CLASSED ! Once again , UK has a better winning percentage than the Cards in their own arena . Way to go Cats ! 
What a stubbing ! We are WAY over-ranked . 
Put this as your status if you know somebody who suffers from being a Pittsburgh Steelers fan . Being a Steelers fan is a real disorder and is no laughing matter . This should be taken very seriously . There is no known cure for PSF and sympathy does not help .... but we can raise awareness ..... 90% of Steelers fans won't repost this because they don't know how to copy and paste ( this includes bandwagon fans ) 
GO NAVY ! But those yellow ballcaps on the Midshipmen have got to go 
THIS DAY IN HISTORY : 1776- Thomas Paine publishes Common Sense . Hmmmm ... 
It's 11:11:11 on 1/11/11 . Weird . 
There are two UK games that are must wins for me and one is tomorrow . Please give Mikey an early Christmas present Santa ! 
At jury duty . Thanks God for smartphones . 
Taking a well-deserved rest before cooking New Years Eve dinner for the Peebles gang and starting my second round of adult beverages . We're on Herrington , come join us ! 
Purging FB contacts . Nothing personal . 
It disturbs me a great deal that people will take a horrific tragedy and turn it into their own political ammunition , without facts or time for reflection . There are sick and twisted people out there and , unfortunately , some are my FB friends . Let's try not to be too rash or harsh ... or ignorant . 
The Pack is back ! Congrats to Green Bay . Steelers or Jets ? 
Help me start a new Facebook trend week ! Change your profile picture to the toy , or must-have gift , you wanted most for Christmas as a kid . Keep posted until Monday , 12/20/10 . Copy and paste this as your status and let's see all those cool toys ! 
Spending the weekend at the lake . A well-deserved , relaxing , retreat . I'm gonna call it " Bourbonpalooza . " 
" May all your troubles last as long as your New Year's resolutions . " ~ Joey Adams 
If I were a car , they would be scrapping my ass right now . 
Really good day in college basketball . Love it ! 
C-A-T-S , Cats , Cats , Cats !!! Let's go Big Blue ! 
Come on UK , let's win a road game . GO CATS ! 
Great ... ESPN College Gameday is at Florida . Way to rile-up those Gators . Go CATS ! 
" Monday morning , you sure look fine ! " 
Did I just see Sanchez pick his nose and wipe it on his teammates jersey ? Yep . Tivo confirms it . 
American Idol , anyone ? 
Anyone have a Nintendo Wii that's getting dusty ? 
Alright , it's been a few months since the Xbox Kinect was released . Who's got one and do you recommend it ? 
So , shit-kicking , all-american farmers sent me out today to buy 4 bottles of Dom Perignon @ $230 per . For ? Get this , the TRACTOR PULL contest . Man , Louisville in February is a redneck's paradise . 
So , the rapist prowls the sidelines while his victim is sent to federal prison . Where are all the women advocates ? 
Woke up with the full moon shining in my eyes thru the skylight at 4:30 am . Starting to feel itchy and cravin ' raw hamburger . 
Heading to the chili cook-off with my Evil Parrot recipe . Winner , winner ; chicken dinner ! 
" If you need someone , who'll understand . Just look at that bottle in your hand ! " - Start your day right with A.M. Ale ... 
Happy President's Day ! Who's your favorite Prez ? 
Have you hugged a teacher lately ? I do , every day ! 
Indiana House Democrats may be hiding in KY . I'm heading out to round them up . Were do cowards hide ? I'll check the LEO offices first . brb ... 
Both elevators got fried today in my six floor hotel . Just when everyone arrived back from the freakin ' GUN show . How I wasn't shot is a miracle . 
Cocktails ! TGIF ! Oh , damn , gotta work tomorrow too ... Oh , well , cocktails ! 
Lord , save me from idiots ! 
Heh ... Duke .. ha 
100mph winds ? No power in my future . Freakiin ' Highlands and our trees ! 
Crazy busy at the hotel with 12-14 hr days . I'm officially a Starbucks barista now though , so I've got that going for me . 3 weeks until renovation complete but I'm gonna need that April vacation . Boat Drinks ! 
Kicked ass at team trivia tonight although we missed the final question . Stupid Obamacare ! 
Come on Wildcats , make Mikey's day and win a freakin ' road game ! GO BIG BLUE ! 
You know Mikey's busy when he can't post on Facebook often . 9 days to go ! 
Did Prez . Obama actually say " our friendship with Japan is UNSHAKEABLE ? " Hahahaha , brilliant ! 
Earthquake . Nuclear meltdown . I'm sorry , but isn't this the way every Godzilla movie begins ? 
After much deliberation , I've decided not to run Evil Mikey's NCAA basketball pool this year . After 27 years I'm going to take a one year hiatus . Too much going on in life for me to do it right . Look for my searing and insightful commentary here on FB though . See ya in 2012 ! 
Love my neighborhood . People streaming down the sidewalks toward the Highland Hooley . The strip is getting ripped ! 
Great UK win , Hooley in the Highlands , Irish Zombies and Irish beer and , in my near future , ho t-t ubbin ' . Only one more thing can happen tonight to make this a perfect day . 
Go UK Wildcats ! Go Big Blue !! 
Let the Madness ( and the bitchin ' ) begin ! 
Wildcats and Cardinals are both #4 seeds . Who will go furthest in the tourney ? 
This should be an epic Thursday ( UK b-ball , Jim's 40th b-day , St. Pats , it's Thursday ) but work supersedes all . 5 years ago , I'd have quit my job this afternoon . 
Go Cats ! Beat Princeton ! GO BIG BLUE !!! 
Don't see any UofL shirts out tonight . But a lot of long faces . Cheer up ! Two KY teams advance . 
Hey ! Have you heard about the new iPhone game ? It's called " Dirty Birds . " It's like Angry Birds , but you only get to play one game . 
The end is near ! Restaurant almost ready . Monday Live at Five . Can't wait to get my life back to normal . 
When you absolutely , positively , have to blow a country the fark up ; Call the US Navy . GO NAVY ! 
DO NOT LIKE ! 
" I wanna go back , to the islands . Where the shrimp boats tie up to the pylons . Give me oysters and beer , for dinner every day of the year , and I'll be fine . Yes , I'll be fine ! ( KEY WEST , HERE I COME !!! ONE WEEK !!! ) 
The last time a Duke was murdered like last night , it started World War I . Thanks Zona ! 
Come on Kentuckians , rally around your state school . GO WILDCATS ! 
How an anyone be an Ohio State fan ? Too many surrounding me for comfort . I hope Evil doesn't show up to watch the game . 
JORTS ! 
I'd throw up too if I was sitting with a bunch of OSU asses 
CHAOS AT SHENANIGANS AND IN BIG BLUE COUNTRY ! 
Still reeling from last night while watching the Knights win a national championship . 
Way to go Catholics ! Congrats to the Bellarmine Knights on their national championship . It's great to live in basketball country . 
" You guys in Arizona are lifesavers . " - Actual quote from California prison official to counterpart in Arizona after borrowing drugs to carry out executions . Californians are hilarious ! 
It's Sunday and UK game day . I was a good Catholic and ate fish Friday . Please , God , let the Wildcats beat the holy hell out of the Tarheels . If they do , I'll make Evil Mikey change his ways . I promise ! 
Too pooped to post properly . Go Cats ! 
Changed my profile pic in honor of a really good guy who passed away way too soon . We'll miss you , Steve ! 
Sick and tired of being sick and tired . : ( 
Houston has been re-named " Blue-ston " - GO CATS ! 
I'm baaaack ! What did I miss ? 
Back in reality ... 
My Key West vacation in a nutshell - Drive , fly , drive , check-in , walk , drink , eat , sunset , drink , sleep , walk , drink , commotion on ocean , drink , Mallory Square , sunset , drink , walk , fish ( or shark , ) drink , eat , tour , walk with drink , conch train , drink , Margaritaville , walk , drink , pool , drink , boat , snorkel , reggae , drink , walk , drive , pool , drink , drive , fly , drive , HOME and work . Whew ! 
Further reasons why I am conservative in my political views . The more I try to help people , the more I get taken advantage of and the more I get screwed . I'm not gullible ; I do these things in the hope that it will benefit that person and their situation . Do not question any further why I am cynical . The more you give , the more they want ( and feel entitled . ) 
Rumdumb 
I keep some people's phone numbers in my phone contact list just so I know not to answer when they call ... 
Joakin Noah looks like a shaved chihuahua's ass . Damn , I hate that jackass 
Coming home from work I saw a very cool , but terrifying , sunset . I have a bad feeling about tonight's storms . Stay safe everyone ! 
A tornado touched down in a Jeffersonville , IN trailer park causing tens of dollars in damage . I woke up ( actually just opened one eye ) during the height of the storm for about 5 seconds . So much for me being worried . The Mrs. had it all under control . 
Pres . Obama's approval rating is so low , the people of Kenya are accusing him of being born in the United States . 
Bad decisions make good stories . 
So , if Judgement Day is in one month , May 21st , should I even pay my credit card bills ? 
After all the storms , rain , tornados and such , we were able to get into the hot tub at sunset . With a glass of red wine in hand , the clouds cleared and revealed the stars . Jimmy and friends on Pandora . Guess the gods decided I needed a break . Thank you ! 
My FB pledge : I will not write negative comments on a friend's wall , unless a question/opinion is specifically asked . I will cheer for my favorite teams and throw hate upon rivals , but not disparage your sub-par teams on your wall . I will openly mock silly people , causes , politicians , etc ., but you can make ignorant remarks , without fear of me pointing out your stupidity . RE-POST IF YOU JOIN ME IN THIS PLEDGE ! 
Where in the hell are they going to put the Chow Wagon ? 
Okay , WTF ? The Belle of Cincinnati will be re-named the Belle of Kentucky , so UofL fans can cheer for the Belle of Louisville and UK fans cheer for the fake freakin ' steamboat ? I'm sorry but I'm not buying this BS and will always cheer for our Belle . This will piss me off at the Derby Festival for quite awhile . 
Solo at team trivia . Finally ! $50 to myself ! 
New England has three first-round picks ? Haha , it just keeps getting better . 
( Ahem ! ) It's my Honey's 5th annual 39th birthday tomorrow . I'm starting to feel like I'm robbing the cradle . ( ba-da-bump - ting ! ) 
Why can't marathoners just run around a track and let me get to my home ? And F$%@ those walkers too ! 
" Fast horses , younger women , older whiskey ... and more money . " - How'd I ever miss this country classic ? 
Enjoy your special corner in Hell , Osama Bin Laden . No virgins for you , just an eternity of anguish . 
Waiting to see how many idiots claim Bin Laden as an Obama victory . This is a win for America and our fighting soldiers . Thanks to GWB for starting the chase and having the resolve to carry on and to Obama for realizing how important it was to keep up the fight . USA ! 
When one door closes , another door opens . But then , sometimes , it's a member of SEAL Team 6 and they just shoot you right in the fuckin ' face . 
It's Teacher Appreciation Day ! Have you hugged a teacher today ? 
Apparently , members of al-Qaida are seriously outraged at the U.S. I don't understand why they're so upset . Everyone in al-Qaida just got a promotion . 
May the Fourth be with you . 
Heading back to the hotel to greet the Oaks crowd after my midday nap . Come on Sunday afternoon ! 
If someone has lost their assholes , they're here at my hotel . Please come get them . Thanks ! 
Having myself a new drink , the Bin Laden : Two shots and a splash of water 
Last minute Derby picks ? My favorite , ArchArchArch , drew the #1 post so I'm going with Midnight Interlude . 
Happy Mother's Day to all the FB mommas out there ! Have a wonderful day . Missing Bea and Pam tremendously . 
When the loudest critic of your policies achieves success because of them , that's called VINDICATION . 
I'm sorry ladies but listening to two dimwits try to talk sports at the next table is making ya'll look really , really idiotic . I know this doesn't apply across the board but , DAMN , they don't have a clue ! 
" You can run on for a long time . Run on for a long time . Run on for a long time . Sooner or later God'll cut you down . Sooner or later , God'll cut you down . 
Go tell that long tongue liar . Go and tell that midnight rider . Tell the rambler , the gambler , the back biter . Tell ' em that God's gonna cut ' em down . " Johnny Cash 
