home is where your heart is 
But what a shame 
Cause everyone's heart 
Doesn't beat the same 
It is believed that Shakespeare was 46 around the time that the King James Version of the Bible was written . In Psalms 46 , the 46th word from the first word is shake and the 46th word from the last word is spear . 
Fun Fact : Hippo milk is pink 
In Chinese , the KFC slogan " finger lickin ' good " comes out as " eat your fingers off " 
In celebration of Easter , a fun fact about rabbits : When rabbits are happy , they will jump and twist . This is called a binky . 
In Quitman , Georgia , US , it is illegal for a chicken to cross the road . 
" The Lord has been getting mad respect since the beginning of time " 
-Hank Hill 
Fun Fact : Donkeys kill more people annually than plane crashes . 
I met him in a swamp down in Dagobah 
Where it bubbles all the time like a giant carbonated soda 
S-O-D-A , soda 
I saw the little runt sitting there on a log 
I asked him his name and in a raspy voice he said " Yoda " 
Y-O-D-A , Yoda 
Yo-yo-yo-yo Yoda 
If you throw a cat out a car window does it become kitty litter ? 
Slaying my way through Boletaria 
Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia - Fear of long words 
I 
believe in Jesus Christ . One of my facebook friends challenged all 
believers to put this on their wall ... In the Bible it says , if you deny 
me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my father , at 
theGates of Heaven . This is a simple test . If you love God you are not 
afraid to show it , repost this . ( : . 
Thanks for the birthday wishes 
Mah phone is missing :/ 
Oh how I love Last.fm 
I wanna number 4 , a number 6 , and throw in a plastic doughnut 
Ditto transformed into GIR !!!!! 
Dear Rj Schwedler , 
I feel that I should inform you that Entei would be a far better choice for a man of your stature . 

With love , 
Noah Long 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OUWOMJE2nqM 
The future isn't what it used to be 
Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia - fear of long words 0_0 
Guess who made WAFFLES ?!? 
GIRlithe and ArcGIRnine !!! 
<--- SmearGIR 
Found my phone :) Take THAT Alex Pernice !!!! 
CrocGIRnaw !!!!!! 
LuGIRrio !!!!!!! 
Happy Birthday Jesus !!! Oh , and Merry Christmas too !!! 
