Just sent the party to the bar !!!!!! Thank god , I have a headache !!!!! Time to kick off the shoes , shut down the lights , and snuggle up on my Old Lady's ass !!!!!! 
If we had a nuclear fallout , do you thing cancer patients would be able to live noomally ? 
Gettin drunk , slammin paint cans !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
You think you're a martyr , not hard to see ! You wanna rule the world , you have to get through me , cause I question all your answers ! They're fuckin lies , I won't conform to your system , I'd rather die ! I'll see you in HELL , I burn it down , for me and no one else ! I'll burn it Down , Just to watch Burn ! I'll Burn it Down , I hate you fuckin all , I'm burnin this MOTHERFUCKER DOWN !!!!!! FFFUCKK YYYOOOUUUU AALLLLLLL ! 
You know what I hate ? When someone post something on their own page , that effects your feelings , and they don't give a fuck ! But then when you do it , they want to call and bitch and try to make you feel like shit !!!!! Samita , you did it to me while I was your Old Man , fuck you , I'm single !!!!! Hurts , huh ???? 
Kids 
with special needs aren't sick or gross or stupid , and their handicap 
is not contagious . They only want what we all want : to be accepted and 
loved . Can I make a request : is anyone willing to post this and leave 
itas your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education Week and 
............... this is in honor of ALL children who were made in a 
unique and loving way .... God bless the children ! 
Gettin everything figured out for Lazerfest ! Got tickets for my crew , makin sure all is in order ! Holla if you are interested in going ! We got room for more ! 
going back to bed 
Motherfuck's really think and say the Shit about me , you are all some Fuckin low life worthless ass Bitch made motherfucker's Yourself , you better look at you own face , cause it's a Fuckin broken mirror itself ! 
Wish I had a companion to take to Lazerfest , it saddens me to be without ! Maybe one day , just one of these days , I'll find her , and know where her heart lays ! 
I feel like fucking someone up today !! Dont test me bitch , DONT test me ! 
Headin out , going to get Sylus , so his mommy can go be a teenager !!!!! That's fine though , cause we are havin new mommy try-outs !!!! I told her more than once about bringin other men around my son , She just must not get it !!!!!! Childish !!!!! 
I just saw Jeremy , earlier it was Sean 
peace bitches , im outta here !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Bonfire 
at the Homestead !!!!! 1813 Bank St !!!! 8 to when you decide to 
leave !!!!!! No costumes , I see enough fake faces daily !!!!!!! 
Well , I'm thinking about what I had , and now what I got . I'm going to make the best of it !!!!! Live life like I should have been , Live it Up !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
another day another $ 
In a moral dilemma , What's right , What's wrong ? You know ! 
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm , dddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd , sssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss 
Enjoying my last hour with Sylus , we're at the park ! I love to see my son so happy , it disgust me to have to take him to his Mom ! It's almost like leaving your child on the steps at a church ! You ever feel like you're abandoning your child , cause society says you have to ! 
I'm not tellin anyone again , you've drawn the last straw ! You wanted to see what I keep inside , Now you'll get every fuckin bit ! 
You never wanted to be , You only wanted a better day . You only wanted to be free , WHAT THE FUCK IS FREE ABOUT IT ? 
The way you are when you are young , usually is the person you will be in later life ! If satisfying your sexual drive was important to you then , and you think that you're ready for a relationship with a single being , don't say you love them , unless that's what is true ! If you feel that you don't want to be with that person for the rest of your life , don't lead them to believe it ! 
Sylus and I went and picked some flowers for Samita , I just couldn't not think about her today ! We set them up im a nice vase , made it look all pretty , then I took Sylus over to see Mama , it is Mother's Day after all ! Plus , I never really stopped caring about the girl ;) 
Goddamn , if I would have known how to search for stuff like this , I wouldn't be where I'm at today !!!!! I picked a whore that needs multiple partners to feel alive , who expects to be fucked by someone different every weekend !!!!! Her past reflects it , but I thought people could change , she likes to be degraded , used as a toy !!!!! They are right , can't turn a whore into a house wife , learned first hand !!!!! 
If anyone has anything to say about what I post , call me and I'll let you know exactly how the fucking shit is ! 1-319-473-0001 , She destroyed a perfectly good man ! Now I'm pist , and I deserve to BITCH a little ! I complicate us all , with the way I rip it like a chainsaw ! 
Gotta find a place to live , no income and the rents due tomorrow!:'( 
How do you walk away from an idea that is shared between two ? After all the talks , and feelings shared on the idea , when can you just stop caring ? A real life person couldn't , but someone concerned more about themselves , then someone they created , would have no problem throwing away a dream that was envisioned for a lifetime of love ! The ups and downs are all apart of this dream , deal with them ! 
Love is a false emotion , it makes you happy , then sad , it make you feel , and then numb ! I loved so much , and I still love so much , but I hate the fact that I can't stop my love , especially when I gave so much to this emotion ! I hate the fact that she don't love , but I still hang on cause I still love ! I hate her for making me fall in love , but love her cause it's the best that ever happened to me ! 
is Dead set on leaving ! Tired of this hate invoking atmosphere ! Just don't know where I'll go ! Don't care as long as it provides a new beginning ! 
Today is mothers day , and I don t wanna call to wish this to anyone , I just wish she was here ! 
Gettin ready to start tearing off , making sure I ll have money for Lazerfest on Sunday ! Already have enough , but I might as well have a damn good time ! If I have to travel I better make the best of it ! 
Lovely day , perfect for chasing that paper ! Keep your eye on the prize , no matter how many tries , you might just realize , you do have an internal drive ! It's the will to survive ! 
The Shawn Stark you all loved and knew is FUCKING DEAD ! 
Enjoys killing the music , if you heard , you know what I'm talkin about ! 
Don't let the love you lost harden your heart ... keep your lips and heart soft for the love that finds you . 
LAZERFEST ... 25000 strong , tickets sole out , missing out all of you's! Wish you were all part me this history in the making ! 
Once again she's upset about what I posted ! My feelings didn't matter to her before she left , but now she wants me to care about how my post make her feel ! I told her when she left , walk out that door and I will destroy who you are ! You want to hear my voice now ? 
Dropped Sylus off , went over very good !!!!! She was with her simpletons , and he was sleeping , No , fighting or screaming and crying !!!!!! Didn't feel like I was walking away from my life , So much easier that way !!!!! 
FUCK , humans r sofa king stupid !!!!!!!! 
Learning to see memories as mistakes , and starting to find reason in how I went so wrong ! 
Happy New Years , and I know I forgot , And Hope you had A Merry Christmas !!!!!!!!!!!!! But before you take it in , Go SLIT YOUR FUCKIN WRISTS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Baby I'm sorry , I love you so much ! I'm so fucking worthless , I didn't mean to hurt us ! I couldn't deal with the pain , all that I wanted was you to feel the same ! When you think of me , don't think of the bad times , think of the times between ! I know you hate me , It's plain to see , that isn't it though , that's not what we need ! Remember the good ones , like I do when I dream ! 
What's more , Thanks Sam for making me see , you treated me like a fuckin punk our whole relationship !!!! Now the table has turned , and you are all butt hurt about it , poor baby !!!! I should have realized that you did stop saying I Love You , huh ??? Right around , Samantha Langenwalter is in a Relationship with Shawn Stark , but is cheating on him with Sean Burke , and Aubrey McKnight , and 89% of her friends list !!!!! 
Happy B-Day Sylus Orion Stark ! Daddy loves very much , I'll get some Autographs , I promise ! 
What is true love , can anyone tell me when you actually found true love ? 
is wondering how to choose which side to take when the voices in one's head are having a heated debate ! 
fuckin just saw a ghost , no just my reflection !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! need to sleep 
I put my foot on your face , You can't escape , This is your fate ! It's been decided , made terminal ! Shove once more , and I'll murder you All ! 
I can't stand when you take all your time and effort and put it on a certain cause , but then it turns out that you did it all for nothing ! If your cause isn't worthy enough for the ones involved , then walk away from it before the others do , that way you don't end up hurt ! 
Motherfuck's really think and say the Shit about me , you are all some Fuckin low life worthless ass Bitch made motherfucker's Yourself , you better look at you own face , cause it's a Fuckin broken mirror itself ! Now do you want to Fuckin profile me ! 
Ready to go get Sylus , I know he's ready too ! He's always ready to come over to Dad's place , he knows daddy loves him ! He's daddy's will to live , the only reason Dad bites his tongue , and still hands out a smile !! 
Lazerfest , can't wait ! Are you ready ? 
Already decided goin to LAZERFEST next year , and I'm goin to Pointfest in St. Louis later this year , Fuck it , I'm concert bound , from here on out ! I'm single and ain't got shit else to do ! 
Gettin ready for a very good time , just wish I had my loved ones here to share it with ! She should be right here with me , but our lives must be meant to collide , that makes me so sad ! 
Going over to get Sylus , so his mommy can go out a be a teenager on a Friday night !!!! Oh well we're going to have new Mommy try-outs tonight !!!! Told her numerous times about have other men around my son , she just must not get it !!!!!! Childish , huh ? If ant ladies wanna kick it with a stud and his dad , call 319-473-0001 or 319-313-9149 !!!!! 
I know I'm only 23 , but I've never felt more free ! I know the pieces fit , What more do you want from me ! I DO WHATEVER THE FUCK I GODDAMN WELL CHOOSE TO DO , FUCKING BITCH-ASS POSERS ! SO SUCK THESE NUTS , YOU FUCKIN DRONE !!! 
Bout 30 min away from Des Moines ! Nerves on 

edge , This is what I live for , the music baby ! 
found a drummer beotches 
Just moved the majority of my stuff , all that's left is the big stuff , not bad for 3 guys and an hour of workin time ! 
When you love once , and are content with that love , how do you ever love again when the love that you love falls apart ? How did it fall apart though when you still want and need it ! Love is kind of a one-sided field ! The ref . never pulls a flag for the home team , the foul always benefits the opposition ! Hell of a Game , huh ? 
Just remember . I cared when nobody else gave a fuck . One day you'll realize how amazing I was .. It'll be the same day I'm waking up next to girl that knew all along !!! Thanks Jeremy !!!!!!!!!!!!! Seen this on your likes !!!!!!! 
How can any of us be fit , with life as twisted as this ! Well , I'm done with the bullshit , a tormenting way to live , 
so I rise , to take my stand ! Smash the souls , of our so called man ! Destroy all dreams , as nightmare's come aboard , while I'm sortin 
That's just what I needed , 25000 people that are just screaming I don't give a FUCK ! It helped to release the demons that have been killing me ! 
Lonesome , tired of being alone , I have life right now ! 
Alright , you sons of bitchs , It's on ! 
I'm far past gone , no reason to carry on ! I made up my mind , and I know what I must do ! Everything I have is left for you , remember buddy , Daddy loves you ! I'm just confused , so I'm leaving this place just , because I love you ! 
Some Father's Day , yet one more disappointment to change the course of a shattered soul ! 
Headin to Des Moines , can't wait ! Can you say LAZERFEST ! 
I'm the next face of Heavy Metal ! Remember my name you'll be hearing it around ! Buy my albums BITCH ! 
See you at TJ's! 
Tend to the yard , pick up the trash , make my surroundings look like my dignity's intact ! Go to court at 2 , to plead not guilty to that charge , if that pussy would grow the Fuck up , and jump when it's time to buck , but we know if'll hide go that shadow ! 
Happy Fuckin Father's Day to me ! All you fake motherfuckers , don't wish what you don't mean ! 
Fuckin cop callin Bitch ! You just earned a stitch , now find your place as a motherfuckin snitch ! 
Why , your lie not enough , dial 911 , you must like it rough ! This is going to be so much fun , let's see what you've begun ! 
You want to say Ugh , so close to the sound of my blade spillin lungs ! I won't give you the steel , and symbolize what you should feel ! No one gives it better , but that pussy I left to be weathered ! 
Cause it wasn't that great , not anything to get irrate ! 
You say the word love , with on emotion attached , How does it feel to scratch and scratch ! At the wound in your chest , which is your heart ! Do you like knowing that I'm here to pick you apart ! 
You watched me break , now you want to make me bleed ! Put restraints between the one thing that I have left ! So you say that your scared , in fear for your life ! Well , get prepared , You just raised the bar to a new level ! 
The weather seems to be perfect , a beautiful night for a walk , maybe downtown ! 
Fuck You All , I am who the Fuck I want to be !!!!!!!!!!! Don't like me , Fuck Off !!!!!! Want the truth , look in a mirror !!!!!!! If you Don't get it then , You don't really need to Know !!!!!! I'll be honest , Tell you what you want to Hear , Whether it hurts or not !!!!!! Fuck You , like I said !!!!!!!!! 
What makes you tick , how Fuckin long did it take to click , was it when you became sick of it , and decided not to deal with that Shit ! Now you've had enough , of all that ignorant stuff , but them bastards kept it up , leaving them down on luck , cause 
to those of you who use and abuse me it's time you meet the real me and trust me you will see why i didn't show it to you in the first place 
Nigger Kitty says , So Purr-fect ! Next time you decide what's for breakfast , and I'll cook you breakfast ! 
bitches in keokuk are futile ! Waste of space ! 
going to try out a drummer , hope he's as good as i heard ! 
thought family was to help you when your down , supposed to have your back , Now I know , they just stab your back , put a noose around your neck , a fuckin gun to your head ! What the fuck do they expect , I look in a mirror and see what reflects , they should be fortunate they get this , Fuck You MotherFuckers , I got your respect , it's hangin with my dick and don't forget , I love each one of you puppets too ! 
Holidays are done , FINALLY ! Now we are all ready to put all we got into make something your fuckin ears will enjoy !!!!! Songs posted by the end of this week !!!! Promise !!!!!!!!!! 
Phil Anselmo ain't got Shit on me , I'm reinventing the Cowboys from Hell , more hostile , after 5 minutes alone ! 
Headin to TJ's , Let's get it on ! 
Sy's mommy is pregnant by her new boyfriend ! She's been with about as long as her and I was together , when she got pregnant with Sylus ! Is it just me or does it seem like she gets pregnant just to keep her a man around ! Kind of Fuckin strange ! 
I'll be down at TJ's 
optimized 
Nothing better than finding bliss , so satisfied with my full frontal , don't give a Fuck , this is me attitude ! Glad to have someone that I can be me around ! Say what you will , I've found a bond that leaves a smile , and not a bad taste ! Can you say that !?!? 
You want me to change mine , but you won't change yours ! That's fucked , what you Fuckin embarassed ! No , just selfish ! 
whats everyones plans for tonite ? 
Tonight's a calm and casual show , tomorrow night is when the Shit gonna get heavy ! 
2nd Resolution- Live life like it was meant to be , MotherFuckers I'm Free !!!!!!!!!!!!! This life is about me and my #1 , Try and interfere , I hope you brought your Shotgun , Cause I'm going to do me until you pry this life from my Cold Dead Heart !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
When you find someone who wants what you want , but it seems so gilded ! Just keep buffing the surface , and you might actually find solid gold ! 
My sight , so Fuckin right ! I take what's left , of my inside , focusing every bit , provoking pride ! That's how I , really Fuckin Strive , I'm the loneliest bastard , truly knowing what it means to be Alive ! Why ? Cause I have died , so this time , show me the 
Poor girl , can't even support Sylus , now She's gonna have a second child , with a child as a father ! Congrats , 2 children , gonna try and take care of 2 children , well , 1 child , I take care of My Son ! I just let her think she has control ! 
Just hit the boards , and can still pull off a double back ! 
finds it funny how people don't want their emotions played with but they are happy to play with others 
Tryin to figure out a line up for thursday and Friday down at TJ's , any suggestions for songs to sing ! 
Bobbi's Daughter : You enjoy what you do , everything ultimatly is up to you ! Now , let me speak on something true , everyone has addiction , that Fuckin includes you ! You're self-centered , admiring your face , quit gazing in that mirror Bitch , 
FUCK , FUCK , FUCK , FUCK , FUCK , FUCK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! MOTHERFUCKIN FUCKS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
When you learn to carry the weight of your own cock , carrying the weight of the world isn't shit !!!!! If you can manage your own life , then you should have no problem managing someone else's bullshit !!!! My life is filled with ignorant shit , so your all's life can't be that fuckin bad !!!! 
DON'T WORRY THERE'S ENOUGH FOR EVERYONE TO GET A TASTE ! 
ppl the account verification thing goin around is a facebook virus .. it's not the first time this has gone around .. google it and look for yourself ... if you've already done it then go to your privacy settings and then to manage apps and delete the facebook verification app to get rid of it 
I always thought family came first . Boy , has my family proved me wrong !! 
Just brought the PITSTOP walls to the ground !!!!!! Since you never gave a damn in the first place , I think it's time you had the tables turned .............. 
I just love how all that people that surround you , are the ones that Fuck everything good up that you got going for Yourself ! 
sylus is fuckin learnin ! sssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss 
Oh yeah , I'm Fuckin back ! 
what the fuck is there worth doing on this eve of ' 11 
I'm be down at TJ'S! 
to you , you know who !!! 
I was wrong , some are better than others , And I am surely better then his mother ! Fuckin worthless ass lover , your life is done , now that you bring another ! How could you , Why would you , all the eyes on you , Make your Fuckin Call , failure is so true ! 
Fuck You and Your God !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
you know , sometimes a certain song can say what some words , no matter how intellectual , can never say !!!!!! 
If I had a warning label , what do you think it would say ? 
Please post below : 
........ Never retreat ... just reload ! 
I am dissatisfied , carrying the weight of the world by my spine ! Bout to get the shit tapped , so I won't second guess right before I break that glass ! Take out pain with the pane , See my heart this time , subtle and content , at the state of mind with a home like feeling where I can shine ! That's where I can be found , the only place I got left to reside ! 
A BOLD MOTHERFUCKING MIND ENGULFING ENTICE ! TRUTH SPEAKS LOYALLY , CAN YOU CONFIDE ! FLASHBANG TO BLIND YOUR EYES ! DILATED PUPILS RESOUND LIFE , CAUSING A RISE AND WILL TO FIGHT ! UNLESS IT KILLS YOU OFF , LIKE MALEVOLENT MASSACREITY , BLOOD AND BONES , MEAT AND SKIN , BURST FROM YOUR CHEST , BEGGING TO REPENT ! REALIZED SWEATS CONSTRUCT PROBLEMS , SOLDIERS OF UTOPIA LESS THAN THE FALLEN ! 
when i look back and think about the first time you kissed me , my heart still flutters a little . 
ever realized how exhausting it was to be okay all the time for everyone ! 
you all are about some stupid psycho fucks , thanks for everything ! I'm glad to know that you all will stoop to that low , especially in front of my son ! Let it be known that if my boy gets hurt in the process of you fuckers being retarded , There will be a handful of deaths , and I will not wash that blood from my hands ! SHAMEFUL , GUILT-RIDDEN , NO VALUED , DISRESPECTFUL FUCKS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I can be the best friend you'll ever have or the last enemy you'll ever make . 
to be continued ............... 
just back from an interview in hell , Satan was extremely kind and reassuring ! It's lookin really good , I was told I was exactly what he wanted for the next ruler of the underworld ! 
Bonfire at the Homestead !!!!! 1813 Bank St !!!! 8 to when you decide to leave !!!!!! No costumes , I see enough fake faces daily !!!!!!! 
is absolutely sure I'm going to offend and irritate someone today . 
I'd like you all to do me a favor ............................................... SLIT YOUR FUCKIN WRST !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
play an instrument ? wanna jam , send me a message ! 
shh the voices are quiet today .. do not upset them ! 
You know its bad when you cant even fake a smile when it hurts the most . 
You think I'm crazy , but that's just because my reality is different from yours ! 
what u heard about me is just as fake as the chick who told it to u ! 
beware of trying to look into my mind , you may end up being found in a dark corner sucking your thumb wishing that you hadn't looked 
Everyone check out Felturate's Band page , click the Band Profile tab , and then join the fanlist !!!!! Posting videos later tonight ! 
holy shit , everyone is snowed in ! 50 people showing up on chat , who wants to go sledding ??????????????????? 
a lil confused , mind is jogging ! What is that I needed to say !!!!!!!!!! I want to smile , but I just feel it wasn't what I thought it was !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Confidence is admitting who you are , what you've done , and loving yourself for who you've become , no matter what others think of you . 
Thinks about you every day , misses you every hour , and wishes you were here every minute , you are my one ... I wish I was yours ! 
HAPPPPPPPPPPPY FUCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKKIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNN NNNNNEEEEEEEEEEEWWWWWWWWWWWW YYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRSSSSSSSSSSSS , ENJOY , You Fuckin Cunts !!!!!!!!!!! 
doesn't get mad , he gets Glad ... because they make great body bags . 
Out of all your lies .. " I love you " was my favorite !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Just doesn't get any better than that !!!!!!!!!!!! 
In one of those moods once again , Fuckin stupid shits , You make me a little bit more unstable everyday ! I can't take no more of it , I gotta go release myself , before I'm fuckin condemned to my hell ! 
Think I had an epiphany , I've grown so tired and weary ! I know what I got to do ! 
you can't write those wrongs , can't edit the words in this song ! I've carried for way to long , So let me show you how i became so strong ! our lifes have intertwined , now i lose my mind , when all i needed , was you behind , everything i've done , everything i did ! You wasn't ready , still a kid , you wasn't ready to walk amongst the big ! still worried about show and tell , keep what you possess , you're going to burn in hell 
Peace Fuckers , I'm going to write ! for Family , Friends , Associates , and Waste of Spaces !!!!!!!!!!!! I'm going to go write for all of You !!!!!! 
I like stupid people . They remind me how smart I really am . 
EEEEEEEEEWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW , Wanna watch me tear down the walls , Watch me splatter blood across the halls ! Im breakin all those mirrors , I'll show you your reflection !!!!!! Look in my eyes , I shutter from all your lies ! I won't let you win , I won't be marked by defeat , Cross me again stupid fucks , and I'll bathe in your blood !!!!!!!!!!! Heed my last Request !!!!!! 
I'm trying new Flock -- check it out at www.flock.com 
is feeding the fire , sharpening the horns , and adding to my kingdom !!!!!!! 
I shall return , yet gracefully .......................... 
1st Resolution- Savage , Desolate , Mean , Straight to the Point ! Away from the Merry-go-Round , to Dominate the Court !!!!!!!!!!!! Don't like it , Suck my Nuts !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Gotta Fly , tune in nexttttt ttttiiimmmmmmmeeeee !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
For Sale : Largest and Purest heart , put to use for a round 24 years , very healthy and has a lot of experience ! Has a few minor flaws , but mostly a Honest and hard working mechanism . Selling due to the level of abuse , pain , hurt , despair , rage , anger , happiness , sadness , joy , emotions that it goes through on a daily basis ? Trying to sell before it breaksdown before the expiration event ! Still has plenty 
feels like fuckin breakin shit !!!!!!!!! 1 
Well FUCK ................................................................ 
Thinkin its time for a Heavy Metal concert ........................ Any Suggestions ? 
I was flippin the butterfly around , and stabbed my hand ! Not just a flesh wound , this motherfucker was deep , and I mean deep ! I could see my bones in the palm of my hand ! Talk about something leavin a scar ! 
My feelings are a mishap , Thinkin about where we are going to end up ! This relationship can't stay the same , I feel so desolate , why can't I be , why ??????? Well , it must have been a mistake , todays April Fools Day ! Where is this all headed , surely not to the stars ! 
This is so hard to deal with , I knew this day was coming , but I never thought about all these things I keep locked inside ! I just wish I wasn't around , I can't even act like I'm fine ! The knife used to slit my throat , somehow made it's way into my own hand ! I feel like I'm slitting my wrist , and I know now that this is all I will get ! It doesn't matter , it's set in stone , the stone thats to head my place in the dirt ! 
My son and I are going up to Burlington for awhile , Just to get away !!!!!!! 
is thinking maybe I shouldn't keep making some people in my life a priority if some people only make me an option in their life . That is an option I have . 
sometimes , i just want to go back to the past so i can smile and laugh like the old times 
I would have taken a bullet for you , now i would happily pull the trigger myself ! 
would somebody please poke me !!!!!!!! 
fuckin stupid ass , childish , self centered , non contained , worthless .................... I love you all too !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Got shit on my mind , second guessing things ! Whats wrong , whats right , who decides , should I say yes or no ? A lot of doubt on the structure of society ! It didn't turn out good for you , doesn't mean the same will happen to me ! That's why were all different , I don't really know you , and you will never really know me ! I've lived my life thus far , and you been living yours ! So FUCKIN KEEP IT THAT WAY !!!!!!!!! 
hahaha now what , Fuck you bitch !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
F ***** hungry !!!!!!! 
