will drink your milkshake . * SLURRRP * DRINK IT ALL UP ! 
is getting a little better . 
is much healthier ! 
is home ! but my cell phone is dead and in a suitcase somewhere between Dallas and Ft . Lauterdale . 
twilight zone + new macbook = one awesome Friday . And weekend . 
Tai bo abs is keepingh me busy ! 
has begun to take apart her rooms , and is discovering many fun things from the past . 
is blissin'! 
' s room has kicked her butt . And is therefore exhausted . 
Is going to bed . 
had lotsa fun at Izzy's Birthday party . 
Why is it so hot outside ? 
is sooo close to packing up her room ! 
wants to play with all her legos one last time . 
is going through her clothes . Is it really that soon ' til college ? 
ran out of allergy meds at moms . Gonna hop on my bike and go to dads for more . 
is in da bliss ! 
is preparing to leave for orientation . Hanna says its kind of boring . At least I'll get some info ! 
is officially a Gator ! 
wanted to go to the beach today , but it looks like rain . :( 
is blissin ' . 
is going to do some tae bo abs with mom . 
' s dad is on Facebook . Right now . I'm so proud . :) 
is cleaning out the icky scum ridden bathtub . 
As you go your way , and I go mine : a light will shine . And it will be me . 
can't wait to get the ' Watchmen ' on DVD . 
They say that these are not the best of times , but they're the only times I've ever known . 
wants to go to the beach . Again . Because I know I'm going to miss it . 
feels kinda sad . I just found my childhood books while going through my shelves . 
is hangin ' by the pool . Lovin ' life . <3 
Like vines we intertwined , carelessly growing up and growing old . 
just found 100 bucks ! Sweet . 
was up ' til 4am last night watching the meteor shower . At the beach . With some awesome friends . It was beautiful :) 
is tearing apart her room . Why is it so emotional ? 
I don't know anyone who does not hurt inside . 
is back from the dentist and continues on in the epic music transfer . 
is done with her eMac !! Now I can inform my mother that we can do tae bo abs . . . 
went to the beach today . Feels amazing . 
should really get off facebook and go outside to explore today . 
is transferring ALL her music from iTunes on the eMac to the iTunes on the Macbook . With only a flash drive . Already 6 hours in and only at ' J ' . 
is thinking she has too much clothing . 
is lounging around the dorm . Prolly should figure out where my classes are . . . . tomorrow . 
can honestly say that her textbooks are really cool . 
is , after some trial and error , in her dorm room ! 
bought two frozen dinners to eat because they remind her of home . 
is rehearsing her contrasting monologues . My overall best time is 1:58 . Cutting it close ! 
is not sure how to spend the weekend . 
doesn't want to go to class tomorrow , but probably should . 
has another audition tonight for the student run theatre company Florida Players . I can has a part ? 
had a wonderful night . <3 
just lost a crapload of money in MafiaWars . 
should be doing her homework . 
had a nice sunday . Is now going to finish up her homework . 
went to the beach with Izzy . Can't believe there's only three more days to go . 
just got back from convocation . Wondering why it took 3 and a half HOURS . 
is happy her artwork is STILL on the side of I building ! 
did indeed make a callback this time ! For ' Alfred ' in Rosencrantz and Guildenstern . 10pm - 11pm tonight . 
is meeting up with T-Bomb and then classes . And then auditions . Ahhh ! 
back from one callback . One to go . Got called back for the chorus in ' Mechanical'! 
Had a very pleasant day . Looking forward to the beach tomorrow . 
says : The best three word sentence ( besides ' I love you . ' ) I . Got . Cast . <3 
is going through her clothes with mom . It's quite amusing . :) 
NCIS Marathon ? Don't mind if I do ! 
is back in the dorm feeling a little more grounded and rejuvenated . 
Hmmmm . . . I believe a nice stir fry for dinner . Then rehearsal . (= 
feels like she's dreaming . . . 
has a long and physically exhausting day ahead of her . 
had a nice day lazing by the pool . :) 
should be packing for orientation . 
is a girl whose playing a male actor who plays girls . . . Shakespeare ? Very . 
rediscovered the terrific game of Sets . =) 
had Stagecraft lab yesterday . . . therefore , her arms are sore . 
is very tired . Will be in WPB this weekend . =) 
is enjoying a peach . 
is not OK . . . and doesn't know what to do . 
wishes she had contact lenses . These glasses are really annoying . 
is going food shopping before rehearsal . Where did all my leisure time go ? Whoosh ! right out the window ! 
is going to do laundry today . Seriously . Because I'm almost out of clothes . 
scrubbed the paint off . Will sleep in tomorrow . (= 
might go to the beach . Could help my sinuses . 
is getting ready to leave . How can it be that I'm off to college already ? 
had no idea she signed up for an anatomy class . It was clearly spelled " Fundamentals of Dance . " 
Great beach day with Mama Mia ! and Rita's WaterIce . XD 
is still feeling vulnerable , but is not crying every hour or so . . . I miss Molly . . . 
' s internet keeps cutting out because of the storm . 
is very tired . Will take a shower . . . and not do homework . 
will have dinner and then get caught up on homework . 
is relieved to have found her cell phone . (= 
cannot believe fundamentals of dance class would have so much paperwork and studying involved . Who knew ? 
is going to go in the pool soon . It's absolutely scorching outside ! 
Maybe it's time to go , maybe it's time we went . You're making a spectacle . Maybe it's time we left ? Maybe it's time to fly . Maybe it's time ? 
kinda sorta did not do so very well on the stagecraft test . Oh , well live and learn . 
thinks it's awesome that in her acting journals her teacher leaves comments that include LOL . 
will watch ' Brothers & Sisters ' DVD . Then go to bed . 
is going to her first class of the day . Should check the callboard for callback sheets . 
and her roommates just cleaned the dorm . Thoroughly . 
has a very busy day ahead . Dance at 8:30 in the morning ?! That's insane ! 
got to go up into the rigging of the Constans Theatre . It was quite epic . 
has finally gone food shopping . . . this weeks impulse buy : Gushers and fruit by the foot . Mmmmm . 
is still writing journals . . . can't wait to sleep . 
had a wonderful time with Mom and Carla , Bill , and Savanna . Wants to try to eat at their house more often , Mmmmm . 
hopes she can get to Publix over the weekend . Otherwise starvation will set in . . . 
is watching ' West Side Story ' . Best . Ever . 
has exactly 30 minutes to eat and change for rehearsal ! Guess I'll go covered in paint though . . . 
And all will be well , you can ask me how , but only time will tell . 
has to study an ungodly amount of tools for tomorrows test in Stagecraft . 
is going to do Uta Hagen's Six Steps on her monologue from Antigone . Also figures she can sleep when she's dead . 
feels like she did better on this Stagecraft test than the last one . Predicts an 83 . We'll see . 
is memorizing and running her monologue . Sort of . 
should go to sleep . But has journals to write . 
is more invested in the Gators football game than she ever thought possible . 
just cleaned the dorm . Loves the smell of clean , really . Makes my day . =) 
plans her whole week around what portions of the day involve sleeping . 
is off to Library West to find some one minute comedic monologues . An actor's work is never done . . . 
is taking it one day at a time . 
has exactly 9 minutes to finish eating dinner and change into paint clothes . 
can has sleep now . And a shower . 
thinks the 2 page play review she is writing for acting class on Streetcar will probably be more than 2 pages . . . 
is back in the 561 ! Until Sunday night at least . 
learned today that the Hutu's and Tutsi's were originally divided due primarily to whether they owned 10 or more cows . 
is pigging out on Cheetos Puffs . Soooo gooood !! 
loves the month of October . 
is sick . However , it is NOT swine flu . But skipping classes today was a must . 
strongly suspects that her dance textbook was written by her instructor . There are more typos and word fumbles than there are bricks in Century Tower . 
has realized she has not seen Ben Bernanke in 2 months . And is glad of it . 
will be performing R&G twice today , and twice tomorrow . 
has no time on her schedule to be sick . Can she pencil in the cold for Wed . Nov . 18th instead of now ? 
is going back to sleep . 8:30 am for a dance class is waaaay too early . 
now sleeps in a lean-to made of blankets . 
has heart . When the odds are sayin ' " You'll never win " that's when the grin shoud start . 
is looking forward to the day when she will have a night all to herself . 
is beat . And missing WPB in more ways than she can explain . 
is trying valiantly to break her housing contract but the university is having a hissy fit about it . 
is finally going to Publix ! Yay Food ! 
just got home after a matinee and photo call . Oh , and after stuffing her bike down the sunroof of Lisa's car . (= 
has journals to write . But has been awake for 16 hours . 
is a little shaken after seeing " The Pillowman " . Yes , it was THAT good . 
is working even on her day off . Oh , theatre life . 
is jittery , trying to breath and relax . Really wants to get cast in a mainstage this time around ! 
has a 30 minute powerpoint presentation that involves fairy wings , a wand , and singing . Also : Cast list goes up today ! 
just realized she has yet another audition tomorrow . Is now running her monologue . 
has been permitted to rest for the day . And is doing exactly that . 
is kinda nervous about block auditions tomorrow . And really wants to get a haircut . 
is getting the strange feeling that may-haps she sings and dances too much whilst in public ? 
has one more run of Damn Yankees and then strike . Break legs guys ! 
is with Izzy after opening night . Can life be any better ? <3 
is writing an essay for Fundamentals of Dance class . . . what ? 
has found one perk of living on a floor with a bunch of other girls : fashion advice on what to where to callbacks . 
is going to write her 2 page paper for acting class , and then sleep . 
will probably sleep for awhile . Then go out to buy purple tights . 
feels kind of crappy after juries . Not even the callback for " The Women " has cheered her up . 
is sad R&G is over . Will miss the basement times . 
has two more to go ! and is having so much fun ! 
has been told by three separate and unrelated people that she is too hard on herself . Maybe there's something to that . 
stabbed her hand with a tack claw whilst making a soft flat today in stagecraft . Yay for last day of class ! 
is going to study for stagecraft . Ick . 
is rehearsing her monologues for block auditions . In a dress . 
is so relieved that she has so very little to finish . 
is out for a walk because is it such a beautiful day . 
is surviving on Thanksgiving leftovers . Delicious . 
can get her life together now . Bought food , cleaned the dorm area , and is catching up on hw . Laundry on Friday !!! 
probably did not do so hot on the dance test . Whatever . one more month and she's done with that class . 
has groceries , her lines memorized , and . . . two papers for dance class due tomorrow . 
is done with dance class ! Can she get a HOLLA ?! 
has a call time of 5:45 pm for a 7:30 pm go . Is that appropriate ? 
is home . And it feels . . . weird . 
is feeling much better after sleeping for basically 20 hours . 
skipped dance class . Listen , Damn Yankees is her life for the next two weeks and she needs to sleep . 
is wondering why UF students only get two weeks of winter break when every other university has a whole month . 
is home . And it feels great ! 
is memorizing a scene for Monday . Yay . 
got her new macbook today ! 
has to catch up on homework . When did this happen ? Oh that's right . " Damn Yankees " . 
has her short hair back and is feeling very content . 
loves the cold ! <3 
is happy that it's a really gorgeous day outside ! 
is off to pay her rent . Yay . 
is super excited to show her best friend of 12 years around UF's campus ! Woot ! 
loves doing tae bo abs . Even if it means she walks funny for a couple hours afterwards . 
does not like the rain today . If she wanted rain she would have stayed in Gainesville . 
is excited and relieved to say : " I . WAS . CAST .!!! " 
will be spending the next three days with Clair in Ocala ! Yippie ! 
can't believe how much she missed going to the beach ! 
was drowsy from Benadryl . Had a shot of Expresso to counteract that . Interesting outcome . 
feels like she should try to hit up the beach at least once more while in WPB . 
is spending some well needed quality time with her bestie . (= 
wants everyone to have a safe and exhilarating day ! 
is officially out of food . Except soup . Lots of it . 
is trying to make the most of her last days in the 561 . 
will commence doing nothing for three days . . . now . 
just ate pokemon mac ' n ' cheese . . . while listening to the theme song ! 
has a slight cold . Thanks , Matt . 
has to pack and do laundry . But she doesn't want to wake her slumbering friends . 
Got 3's on her AP Stats . and AP English Comp . exams ! 
really , REALLY does not want to roam around outside . 
finds herself in the midst of packing woe . 2010 brings more clothes , new eyes , and a new house ! 
absolutely loves her new living quarters . It's pretty fantastic . 
is going in to UF with 12 credit hours ! That means I'm a second semester freshmen ! 
went to the beach . It did help :) 
is having a Harry Potter movie marathon . Out of order , too ! 
thinks eating Krishna lunch 5 times a week is a good financial , and healthy , decision . 
is soon to leave for Gville . 
needs to get her textbooks still . 
tore her contact lens this morning . Is back to glasses for a few days . 
saw her Momma , and now has a year's worth of contacts . Mothers rock ! 
loves waking up to the sound of holiday music . <3 
' s nose has been overcome by the cold weather . Thankfully , there is Clariton , mom's " health cocktail " , nasal spray , and Allegra . 
is memorized . Now for some slee - BOOT TO THE HEAD ! 
is getting used to venturing out into the cold and then retreating to the warmth of her space heater . 
has contacts ! And it ROCKS !!! 
wants it to be known that there is a life size cardboard cutout of STEPHEN COLBERT in the UF bookstore . 
is going to get contact lenses . . . ! 
has already found two typos in her math textbook . Big mistakes too . Lord , it's gonna be a long semester in math . 
did not make any callbacks . Ah , rejection my old friend ! 
cannot believe it is actually THAT cold outside . 
is cold , but back in Gville and in a room all to herself ! YES !!!! 
is back in the 561 y'all!!! 
has woken up to discover that the death smell is now in her room . 
is looking forward to a really fun night roller skating . 
has discovered she can do the clapping push-ups , and is so very proud of herself . 
is looking forward to a day of yoga at the Meyer ampitheatre . . . hopefully not wet though . Please weather ? 
is a wee bit nervous for her Saint Joan monologue tomorrow . 
is trying with all her might to not get sick . She already has a touch of the crud . 
feels like the crud is taking over her body . Ah ! Body snatchers !! 
is happy with today . On to an essay for acting . . . 
has received monies from her financial aid ! Yay money ! 
is relaxing this weekend . 
has a lot of homework , but feels surprisingly calm . Back in Gville ! 
leaves WPB in an hour . Life is very surreal all of a sudden . 
is hearing about all the one acts at G-Star and may have to think about going . . . . 
just realized how awesome Pat Benatar is . 
could watch Stephen Colbert all day long . 
feels much better today . The cure ? Mucinex , Sleep , Tylenol , and RockBand2 . 
has succumb to the ' My Doppleganger ' thing . 
is on a boat . And will be for the duration of Act 3 all of this week . 
did indeed enjoy herself whilst roller skating with the theatre people . Is going to be sore tomorrow ! 
rehearsed her monologue in the out door arena and then chanted for awhile . Is spacey now . 
sucks at hand sewing . Thank god for costume people , really . 
cannot turn her head to the right . Is wondering if she can ride her bike without looking too much to the right . 
Ah , but yes . What was I saying ? 
needs to buy food . Seriously . 
doesn't have a social life for the next . . . let's say two months just to be safe . 
just cooked lentil burgers . From scratch . Is insufferably proud of herself . 
had a wonderful , beautiful day . It included love , ice cream , yoga , love , friends , indian dinner , key lime pie , love , and family . <3 
is sunburnt , but feels very accomplished . 
sees her best friend tomorrow and is like YEAH ! 
will be covered in chalk for the rest of the weekend . 
can has one extra hour of sleep ! Woot for two 14 hour tech days ! And on Halloween weekend no less ! WITH an upper respiratory viral infection ! 
stayed up late watching " The Fox and the Hound " . Remembers why it was her favorite as a child . 
will have pics of the street painting festival up as soon as death/busy week is over . 
feels like her head is going to fall off and run away . Because she is sick . Again . 
is studying for her two tests and then will be free . Freedom , say it loud , FREEEEEDOMM ! 
just got back into her dorm . Ugh . . . two weeks of exams ahead of her . 
is very proud of " Medea " !! Can't wait to see you guys in a week ! 
is free at last , free at last , thank God almighty , free at laaaaast ! 
is hoooooooooome !!!! 
is looking forward to being home in WPB !! 
is sleeping in , being lazy , and having fun . Ah , spring break . 
totally just unclogged a disgusting toilet all by herself . Is doing a victory dance . 
just got back from her first clubbing experience . What an interesting and fun night ! 
is goin ' to the beach ! Hell's yeah ! 
thinks it's awfully nice that her Sunday rehearsal was canceled . Whoop ! 
is allergic to West Palm Beach . It's the truth . 
just stacked her books Riverside Shakespeare , Asimov's Guide to Shakespeare , and Passionate Vegetarian on top of a bunch of eggplant slices . 
only scares and pranks the people who are closest to her . So , really , it's a compliment ! 
is back in Gville , and really happy that it's warming up . 
somehow managed to get a splinter in her finger , but with thread . 
wants to thank every single person for the wonderful birthday wishes ! It's wet and very cold here , but all the sentiments warm her heart . <3 
is half way through the journey that is an epic 8 page human sexuality paper due tomorrow ! 
finished the paper at 4am . Just woke up . Woot college ! 
feels extremely guilty about putting off buying textbooks and doing some homework just to watch The Biggest Loser on Hulu . 
is dreading this 8 page paper . Ick . 
has the first page of her Saint Joan monologue memorized . On to page two ! 
is registered for the half-marathon on Sunday . OK . Here we go . 
was born to run . On empty . For life . Maestro - cue " Chariots of Fire " ! 
finished the half-marathon in 3 hours and 21 minutes . Then chilled by the pool . Now : rehearsal . Good day . 
is consumed by rehearsals , essays , and lines . Such is life . 
is in the 561 for a brief 40 hours . 
is back in Gville . Missed most of the Oscars , and will miss the rest in order to do homework . But attended a lovely wedding . Good trade off . 
is wishing a beautiful birthday to her awesome mother , Pamela Mara . 
is home and hungry . Will probably pass out for a couple hours . 
is catching up on ' Doctor Who ' . What a brilliant show . 
went shopping at publix . Barefoot . It was weird . 
just stocked up on food for the first time in two months . Oh , college . 
is stunned that this week is actually happening . Back to back shows and various school assignments : bring it . 
can't believe they performed " Jesus is a Friend of Mine " on Glee . Sue is a btard . Who knew ? 
is a opening an absolutely fabulous , fantastical , absolutely MAD show tonight ! 
had a wonderful breakfast with Stephen Placido and Karen Sattinger . Has been putting her nose to the grindstone since they left . 
is officially dubbing this semester The Months That Are Shakespeare . 
is fresh off an awesome night of songs , dance , and poetry . And covered in glitter . 
is finally going to sleep . For 4 hours . 
is really frustrated with all the pollen . And tired of finding it in and on her clothes . 
is so happy collective Mom Pamela Mara was able to see Madwoman of Chaillot . Crew and castmates : she absolutely adored it . 
is in R&J tech hearing Shakespeare lines while watching Spartacus via Chase Sullivan Milner , and Friday Night Lights via Rhiannon Tasker . While trying to type out CTLs . Over-stimulation much ? 
is off to her last time as a vagabond . Madwoman has been an exceptional experience . Come on . We have work to do . let's rock today's show ! 
would like to thank her Madwoman peeps for the lovely run , it was truly an honor . Now on to Jomeo and Ruliet ! 
has cornered the market on little boy roles in the theatre building . Third time's the charm ! 
is doing her thing , and happy to be in the home stretch of the spring semester . Oh , and happy birthday Taylor Dariarow , you rock . (= 
is going to be the trendsetter of snacking on raw pasta . Don't knock it ' til you try it . 
had a wonderful time dancin ' it up with friends at MadPeople Reunion . Now to sleep for movement class . 
had a splendid time at Splendor . Go home early and help make money for the SOTD ? Good deal . 
just googled how to make a noise complaint . Ratting out the toga party two houses down after getting home from a party herself is waaay college . 
is feeling the post show grieving beginning - and in two fold . 
feels like this semester passed by in a whirlwind . An awkward , cross-gendered whirlwind . 
is preparing for a week of writing papers and essays . When it rains it pours . 
is looking forward to the many wonderful things to come . 
will be writing her little butt off all day . OK , her butt is maybe not so little . 
is feeling her mind turning to mush . Damn you , end of semester papers ! 
is absolutely overwhelmed by the birthday wishes . Feeling very blessed . <3 
saw Macbeth at Shakespeare by the Sea and it totally rocked . Patrick A . Wilkinson is a BEAST . 
is back in the ville unpacking and getting situated . 
is feeling good about the week thus far . 
wants it to be known that it is a Saturday and she is awake at 8am . Nuts . 
is extremely tired , but looking forward to a good night at rehearsal . 
has two questions : Who is going to the Hipp's audition at 3pm on Wednesday and can a ride be hitched with you ? 
is wondering where the weekend went . Oh , that's right , College ate it . 
is excited for an easter egg hunt in the theatre building today ! 
is getting back into the swing of things . 
should probably actually clean her room one of these days ; y'know , more than just running a wet swifter over the parts of floor that aren't covered in stuff . 
is off to explore Coral Gables , Miami and to spend some quality time with Stephen Placido . (= 
loves it when things just fall into place . 
has a busy weekend ahead , full of fun and hopefully sunshine . Please no rain . Please . 
is watching Are You Afraid of the Dark eps on Youtube . Submitted for the approval of the midnight society . . . 
hopes this week goes off without a hitch . 
is holding off on watching A Very Potter Sequel so that she may view it with Isabella Norton . 
has just cleaned house and done a day of yoga . Feels amazing . 
has many things to accomplish , but there is time , so no worries ! 
is happy she only has one 10 out of 12 this weekend . 
is wishing all a happy Left-Handers Day ! Woot ! 
is exhausted in an accomplished , proud , sort of way . Had a blast working with all of " The Women " ! Will miss you ladies ! 
is catching up on The Daily Show and The Colbert Report . Missed these shows too much . 
had a great time watching Commedia ! It was good times . 
wants everyone on FB to know there is a " Finding Nemo : The Musical " . And she has been listening to the soundtrack on repeat all day . 
is feeling accomplished and tired in the I'm-gonna -pass-out sort of way . 
is doing laundry and catching up on homework . Yay for Saturdays ! 
is pretty sure trying to sketch a costume rendering in near darkness is not good for her already impaired vision . 
has hands that now look like that of a vagrant's . 
loves to ride her bicycle while belting out The Killers songs at the top of her lungs . 
will not be able to get her luggage until Thursday . Her phone is low on battery so the lines of communication with her are Facebook and Skype . 
had dreams about missing entrances and forgetting lines . 
will be spending a week in Gville with Isabella Norton , and is super excited ! 
is just gonna curl up with a nice movie and leave tomorrow for getting the homework done . 
is waaaaay ready for fun fourth activities . The fireworks combined take up two chairs and some floor space . 
feels utterly betrayed by her voice . 
is very happy that first dress went relatively well . 
had a good Easter , with some good company . 
has an opening night to ROCK ! Break legs , everybody ! 
just watched ' The Biggest Loser ' on Hulu while eating out of a carton of Ben & Jerry's . 
should be doing homework . But , you know , whatever . It's Saturday . 
is making the money now so that she can chill on the beach later on . 
is way more tired than she logically should be . 
is currently on the bus to Gville . Free Wifi is rad . 
totally got egged riding her bike home . Interesting experience . 
is disappointed with Syfy . No Twilight Zone Marathon for Memorial Day weekend ? Really ? 
forgot her luggage on the bus . Oops . But it's OK . It was mostly empty , and she'll get it back soon . 
is on a ' Sister Act ' music kick . Also , is all excited about poetry slams again . 
has feet that are dirty and sore , but successfully played her first game of ultimate frisbee ! 
is going to Library West to sort out some overdue books . Ooops . 
just answered the door to Christians with her cropped hair and wearing a rainbow heart t-shirt . It's fun watching them tense up a little . 
cannot believe how fast the semester went by . 
thinks Pond's cold cream is AWESOME . 
is reveling in the last days of this crazy semester . 
is waiting for the weather to make up it's mind . 
just witnessed her roommate spill a cup of dead fruit flies in soap and vinegar all over herself . Laughter and yelling commenced . 
is cleaning and organizing . Will miss all the Gator Grads ! 
sometimes forgets her cell phone is in her " extra pocket " . 
just wants her voice to hold out for one more day ! 
had a blast at the cast party , and will soon be in the 561 ! 
should be working , but is catching up on 30 Rock episodes . Procrastination FTW . 
is in Gville and plans on seeing some theatre , baby ! 
just played Dradle with the author of True Genius on her kitchen table . College is awesome . 
is pretty sure she's close to losing her voice . Just gotta get through these next two days - two scenes and some poetry ! 
just had a wonderful dinner with Tayliz J Rodriguez , and can't wait for The Women CAST PARTY !!! 
just scared Kayla Mason . Really couldn't resist , the temptation was too great . 
is packing and organizing . Off to WPB , beaches , and hopefully a job ! 
has the odd urge to just stand outside and get buffeted by the wind . 
can't believe she missed a good portion of the SVU marathon on USA ! 
feels it it the best thing in the world to spend some time with her mom . <3 
is home , and it's pretty much awesome . 
had a very lovely time visiting the Star . 
is pretty sure that auditions are the one thing that can zap anyone's confidence . 
will never binge on ice cream ever again . 
is going to play with her roommate's Wii at some point . Expects on getting some good exercise . 
is not looking forward to the trip back up into that which is freezing . 
cannot believe the semester has gone by so fast . Time to dive into callbacks and rehearsal . Bring it . 
hugged a drag queen at the Respectables Street block party , amidst punk rockers of all ages . Srsly , it was a pretty hip scene . 
is very much enjoying the start of her summer . 
wants to go to the beach , but the weather seems to have a different opinion . 
wants to hit the beach before the oil does . 
is home in the 561 . <3 
loves it when awesome , high paying jobs that suit her interests and talents find her instead of the other way around . 
recently found a Mulan action figure complete with a skirt and armour in her old bedroom . Is thinking so many things make sense now . 
is in Gainesville for two more days , then will be home in the 561 !!! 
loves it when she walks in the house and Logo is on the TV . Also does not get the appeal of Buffy . 
is pretty sure pairing Carol Burnett and Julie Andrews together was genius . 
has her short hair back , Huzzah ! 
woke up to the sounds of Isabella Norton mewling like a cat . So , Samantha Kountz , our suspicions are confirmed . 
has her luggage !!! Wooo ! 
is back from Miami , and could care less about going up or down another staircase for a little while . 
is so very grateful to have such a wonderful father , Stephen Placido . <3 
is playing the Sims . Apparently is really bad at it , too . 
is excited to announce she will be playing a boy again . This casting was helped along by the wonders of clear plastic wrap . 
thinks everything is infinitely better if " Hey Soul Sister " is playing in the background . 
is in the killing fruit flies business . And baby , business is a-booming . 
Please put this on your status if you know 
someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . My 
wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being eaten by dragons 
is not something to be ashamed of . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and 
are truly terrifying . 93% of people won't copy and paste this ... They 
have been eaten by dragons . 
is gonna be that crazy cat lady for the week . 
really likes WiiFit . It's pretty much awesome . 
had a wonderful time with Erica LeBrun and Nina Perez at the beach . Is substantially less pale . 
is off to Miami to make some money , baby ! 
is sending the Grapes of Wrath cast energy for opening night . Break legs everyone ! 
has the best mother . Y'all can't touch Pamela Mara ! 
kinda misses spending each day with the G-Star faculty . It was truly a great privilege being part of that big and disfunctional family . 
has had one hell of a day . It's like fixing toilets should be tacked onto the list of talents she has . 
is finally getting over a head cold . There is much rejoicing . 
has running water . It is the color and consistency of Coca Cola . 
is shouting out to all her friends in highschool : need community service hours ? Want to help tech a show ? Message me for info ! 
cooked some awesome lobster tails last night before Mom had a chance to massacre them . 
was going through old highschool paperwork and found some DFW essays . Has been rereading them since . 
will be absent from the interwebs for two or three days . 
is jumping back in to the rehearsal process . Bring it . 
is surrounded by food , friends , and family . 
is just realizing how sad she is that Monk is no longer on the air . 
just figured out she can still do a bunch of childhood tricks in the house she grew up in . 
wants to wish Isabella Norton the bestest birthday ever ! (= <3 
has been consuming much more hot chocolate since living in Gainesville . 
really misses her old friend the beach . Can we set up a playdate soon ? 
knows she needs a day of relaxation when she wakes up and discovers she had been sleeping on last nights baby-sitting money . 
is only allowed upstairs . 
took advantage of the 7-11 free slurpies . So much 
so , she went twice with different people in different outfits . * cough * Erica LeBrun . 
is ready to throw herself into schoolwork . Bring it . 
is having a slow and lazy weekend . Needs to go grocery shopping . 
successfully purchased some nice dresses . Look out world , her feminine wiles are being unleashed . 
just cooked eggplant parmigiana . Satisfyingly stuffed . 
thinks love handles are named so for a reason . 
refuses to believe the summer is almost over . Wants to squeeze a little more time in with the sun . 
was drawn on with washable marker - now kinda looks like Wolverine during experimentation . 
is back on the series of tubes , and about to take a nap . 
is seriously ditching " Syfy " . No Twilight Zone marathon on the July 4th weekend ? What ? That network went in the toilet after it changed it's name . 
was just pwnd by one Isabella Norton . 
is having a blast sharing the week ( and her room ) with Clair Pappas ! 
is off to Miami for a day or two . Feeling a little nomadic . 
finally saw Inception . Holy crap . So brilliant . 
is safely in Miami . 
is back from a nice , long bike ride . Is now glistening like a lady . 
now has her own character shoes . Will be off to Miami soon . 
is spending some well needed time in the sun , chillin ' at the beach . 
had a fantastic time with her Grammy and Dad , having lunch with Karen and her mother Beth . 
still loves life's little surprises . 
agrees with Garfield the cat . Mondays are far too long . 
is up to some shenanigans , and stirring things up . Good faculty meeting today , guys . 
found a curious little soccer icon while watching a video on Youtube . Upon clicking it , the horrible buzzing sound of the World Cup vuvuzelas commenced . The lolz of the month officially goes to Youtube . 
loves playing barefoot touch football . That needs to happen more often . 
is enjoying the calm before the proverbial storm that is the start of a new semester . 
is still sorting out robbery details . This winter break was weird . 
has hung up pictures on her walls . Officially lives here now . 
is just chillin ' . 
ate a big onion is that bad ? 
had successful beach time with Erica LeBrun , and then a nice yoga class . 
is happy life is the way it is . 
is playing Wii Fit for the time being . And then maybe more Are You Afraid of the Dark . 
is in Miami preparing to go dress shopping . Hooray for audition attire . 
is rediscovering her love of Melissa Etheridge music . 
feels things coming together . Albeit , however slowly and haphazardly . 
is questioning why she has to write so many essays . 
is grateful for so many things . Now , let us feast to celebrate our abundance ! 
got her first ever taste of The Jersey Shore . What an experience . 
helped in making a puppet today . Listened to Avenue Q and Little Shop of Horrors the whole time . Felt it was appropriate . 
just played with the Google home page for a little bit . It was awesome , y'all should check it out . 
kinda wants to follow the lyrics of one Annie Lennox : let the rain fall down , let the wind blow through me . 
was filmed by a news van while stopped on her bike at the Gale Lemerand/University light . 
is home in WPB and doing homework . Responsibility is practically her middle name right now . 
loves having two four day weekends in a row . 
thinks the only thing better than hearing Patrick Stewart's voice is hearing it when narrating a video about Earthquakes in class . 
Wahoo ! 
is cleaning up the partying of last night . I love clean houses . 
thinks it's a little scary how easy it was to just konk out the minute she got home . 
sees your canceled classes , and raises you a weekend trip home . 
is celebrating the New Year , by proxy . 
is mad . 
just got into Gainesville . Had 79 notifications from Isabella Norton , Samantha Kountz , and Frank Tomahawk Taylor . 
received her check for the financial aid monies . There was much rejoicing . 
is trying to persuade all of her ducks to get in order . 
Wore purple . Did you ? 
has had a wonderful weekend with Pamela Mara , while hangin ' with Savannah Baxter and her family . Now onto homework . 
is never up at this hour . Thought it should be noted . 
is really enjoying the cool weather . Keep it coming , fall ! 
was slightly nauseous . Somehow watching people get slimed on Figure It Out made that go away . Remember when getting slimed was cool ? Ah , those were the days . 
is going sleep . Something clever , etc . 
found a website that converts Youtube video sounds to mp3s . It . Is . Awesome . 
is shouting out to all her friends : anyone driving back to WPB on the wed . before Thanksgiving ? Will split gas and tolls ! 
is shouting out to her SoTD family : Anyone still selling tix to the game on Saturday ? 
is going to cherish this last four day weekend by goofing off . . . and by working tirelessly to complete homework assignments . It'll be a 60/40 split . 
is the solution the the equation rain + bicycle = . That is to say , absolutely drenched . 
is almost free . The day of reckoning has come to a close . 
just saw ' True Grit ' . What an awesome film . Must see the original . 
is 3 for 3 . It hasn't really sunk in yet . 
is proud to announce that tickets for Florida Players Presents : true genius are now up on the website ! Reserve them now ! 
is setting out to conquer . Block auditions : you're just asking for it . 
is back in the beautiful thank-God-it's-not-freezing West Palm . 
is back in the 561 . For like two or three days , but still . 
is discovering a love for the BBC channel . Youtube is pretty awesome . 
is in the midst of homework hell . 
is back in gville and ready to hit the ground running . 
spent the afternoon at the Miami Science Museum . It was pretty rad . 
is super serial you guys . Come see Florida Players Presents : true genius . 
was cast in three shows for next semester . Opens one in a week . Leaving for the 561 soon . Has a great life . 
said goodbye to her first dog this afternoon . MissE had her family with her , and went peacefully . 
is in a Christmas shopping marathon . 
is , after much sleep deprived confusion of directions , home and safe . 
will be giving her dog one last walk . 
is tiredly repacking and doing laundry . Will be Gainesville bound soon . 
is now the very proud owner of Nymphadora Tonks ' wand . It's so legit . ( Made possible by the very generous Samantha Kountz ) 
had a cold and crazy time partying it up with the UF SOTD family . Wishes everybody a good break ! 
has no running water . Being from West Palm , this is not a new scenario . 
is happy to have such wonderful friends . 
is celebrating this holiday with her Italian family . This is gonna be fun . 
just cleaned the bathroom . Hardcore . It is spotless ; exempting the ceiling . 
has all A's . Suck it , fall semester , you just got pwned . 
is in the middle of a day of paperwork . Words , words , and even more words . . . 
is starting this new year off right - by witnessing an ENTIRE Christmas tree get shoved into a fire pit and lit ablaze . 
knows she needs to do paperwork . But knowing is different than doing . 
treated herself to the cliche ' bowl of ice cream . And Subway's free cookie day . 
is back in the swing of things . 
is wondering why the spring semester always feels like it whizzes by . 
