Like this and I'll write you a letterDear ___ , you have a cute ______ . If we were in a room together I would ______ . Me and you should _____ . If you hugged me I would ____ . You are sooo ____ . I'd get your name tattooed on my ____ . You have been dared 2 ... _____ .? 
Ah , Valentine's Day is in a month ;D 
And somehow , someway my bestfriend Jesse Meza , makes everything all better . :) 
Like and I'll answer ... 
What I think : I love : I like : I wish : I know : and I admit . 
And .... And ... And .... I Can't wait for Tuesday !! Yay ! *;; Why are you trying so hard to fit in when you were born to stand out ... 
Sometimes , you will be the happiest person in the world . But during that time , people will try to make your smile disappear . Through all of it , you have to keep walking and ignore it . Even though it means losing people and a little bit of struggle . It's life , it goes on just like you should .? 
Don't you hate it when you really need to talk to someone and they don't answer ! 
So yesterday I was freezing half-to-death . Today I have this massive headache ! Oh yeah , this is gonna be a good weekend . XD 
It sucks having your little brother in the hospital , especially when it's been nine years since ... :/ 
Jesse Meza is the awesomest !! :D 
Now I can respond when I'm not near my phone ! Yay ! Victory ! 
H . M . <3 
If you still need a costume , it'd just be so much better if you wrap yourself in toilet paper than going to Party City . 
R.I.P. Kevin ... by many you will be missed . As much as we want to , we can't bring you back ... 
Ha , they went through a lot just so I can update my status on here and write on my friends ' wall . :D 
Keep sending those digits and I'll write about you as my statuss (: 
So , I've been waiting for this particular soccer game . I'm all excited for it . Turns out , it's today ! The day I work ! FML >.< I wanted to gooo .... ugh . 
Damnit , freaking Emiliano Ramirez , your text scared the crud out of me ! Like this status and I'll tell you what I like about you , dislike , a confession and my first impression . 

P.S. To everyone I met at YLC , [ judges , coaches , etc . ] If I haven't written an ' I miss you yet ' , tell me and I will . I lost track . * I'll only write one to Fuerza people if they aren't going on Saturday . 
Sweetdreams :D ? 
Dude ! I barely noticed that Joseph Arvizu , called me . XD Sorry I was actually working . 
If I don't see everyone , coaches and debaters , on Saturday , they will have hell to pay ! -cough ; Herman and Essau . -cough ; :D 
So I didn't die todayy :D " As long as the winds keep whispering your name , your memory shall live on . You will not die in vain ... The winds whisper your name through out our story , and for good reason . We just need to figure it out . " ? 
Carlitos Vences , uses cocaine and is over-the-top gay . He just needs to come out of the closet . :) 
I'mma do this again .... Like this and I'll tell you what I like about you , dislike , a confession and my first impression (: PLUS ! I'll tell you a good memory we have .? 
Poke me if youever had a crush on me . Like this status if you think I'm a good friend . Message me if you ever wanted a relationship with me . Comment on this if we have had good memories . Lets see who's brave enough to copy and paste this on their status . * Three people are poking me already so they don't count . :) It's a war . 
Jesse !!! D: I need my bestfriend to help me . I got stuck again :/ 
If you like this status I'll tell you one thing I like , one that I dislike , confession , and first impression . 
P . S . For all who I met at YLC and I haven't written a ' I miss you ' yet , tell me and I will . <3 
It's amazing how you can look someone straight in their eyes and completely lie to them . Funny thing is , they know you're lying . 
Monday , pancakes ! My house :D haha Oscar owed me pancakes . Cindy , Blankita , Erick , Oscar and Christian are invited !! 
Monica Gonzalez , made my life complete ! <3 :D 
Bored so ... Like it and I'll answer the following : 
Are you cute ? 
Can you dress ? 
Do i see you in my future ? 
Do i love you ? 
Should we chill ? 
Would i kiss you ? 
Would i marry you on fb ? 
First impression ? 
I still remember Lizbeth Fernández's face when the monster truck went for her (: ? 
So I just saw Santa Claus in a beat-up car that can't go past 50 mph . and I rolled down the window asking for that laptop I've been wanting (: 
Happy Birthday , Carlitos Vences !!!! ( : 
Like this and you'll get a " truth is ... " :D 
<3 
Half days feel good . Just relax ... and enjoy (: 
#901 <3 You are the most amazingest person ever . I love the fact that I met you and I can trust you . You are one of the bestest friends I have and I love you ! 
Man , I can't wait for tomorrow (: I'm so excited ! And I can't believe my grades , I'm proud ! 
Send me a number -Digits- between 0-1000 through messages and I'll post something about you as my status . :D 
Dude ! I barely found out that's Luis's last name ! XD Me and my moments . Gotta love them . :) poke me one more time you guts ... and ... I don't know yet but it will be evil ! 
The only problem between us is lack of communication . When you want to talk I'm all ear but otherwise we'll continue walking , no a single word and act like if we were complete strangers . 
I would normally be asleep right now but I'm in heels and a dress in a party where my uncles are pretty much wasted and are the only ones having fun XD 
I don't like you (: 
Gonna upload photos tomorrow because it's gonna take me awhile and Essau is telling me to go to sleep . Ugh . Still mad that I can't give Herman a hug on Saturday . XD I miss everyone from NHI , I love you guys ! <3 You know who you are ! The best days of my life were spent with you all ! 
Halloween . Honestly , my favorite Holiday <3 Can't wait for today . Yeterday was fun today is gonna be amazing :D Oh , Happy Halloween Everyone :D ? 
So looks like next Wednesday is Blankita and Nicky day <3 Finally ! 
Damn , best birthday ever (: Got out of work early and no school tomorrow :D Egben and me are lucky . 
I don't like Physics anymore . >.< Still loving Degrassi <3 And just finished with all my homework (: 
Like my status and I'll tell you what comes to my mind when I hear your name . :D I'm really tired of people putting down my cousin and using me to make her look worse . >:-\ 
INBOXONLY !! 
Tell me something you've always wanted to tell me , it stays between us ..... put this as your status and see what you get . :D 
Really wish I wasn't working on Wednesday . Best outing and I have to work ... -sigh ; 
I love Megan Mia Galarza and her amazing photos , you were the best ! <3 
I am so looking forward to having my aunts come from spain . My sweetsixteen is probably gonna rock , especially if the NHI-ers come ;D 
I actually did have fun yesterday night (: I loved it . <3 even coat check was fun ... abit . 
I need something to help me go to sleep happy ... someone have a bedtime story ? 
Ah , Elsie Areli Vazquez Maryela , Rosa and Maria ! I love you guys ! Thanks you made me happy today . well onsidering the time , yesterday . :DD Thanks 
Ah , can't wait for Saturday !! <33 
Yay ! I have plans for Wednesday now ! :D 
How did we meet .? ( Copy This 2 Your Status And See Who Remembers ) 
I love you Blankita ! <33 Te extrano tanto ! My Awesome Gummy Nerd ! <3 
I love going to the lake at night (: ? 
Like this and before 2010 ends I wanted to tell you ... along with a good memory we had this year :D 
I'm happy I have my bangs again :D 
Like this and I'll post why you are my friend , a good memory , what I like and dislike about you , a I must admit and something sweet (: 
Apparently , I'm nice . Too nice probably . :D ? 
I learned today that no matter what I can't always make things right . I can't always expect things to just happen . But I can try . If it doesn't work then too bad . I have to take it . I need to work hard for the things I want . And if I don't get them , it was for good reason . 
I love how there are three of us on a liking spree :D 
I finally got my new phone (: It's the same number . so text it or ask for it . :D 
I'm putting the snow into good use . Burying my brother in it is so much fun :D 
Only thing surviving me through this day is going to the Bulls Game <3 
Yes Blanca Acevedo , Cindy Camacho and I met at the debate thingyy ! XD Jessica Barajas Cisneros is my universe <3 
90% chance I'm going on Sunday . Ugh . I really don't feel like going to work tomorrow . :/ People , if I haven't wrote you an ' I miss you ' tell me , I lost track . 
Like this status and I'll say what I like , dislike about you , My first impression and a confession . :D 
Being with Noemi and Eliseo is fkn boring ... 
if you think I'm cute , like this status . If you love me put a ?. If I am your friend put a :) , If you want to go out with me put a :D . If you miss me put a :/ . If you ever had a crush on me put an xD ... if your not scared post this as your status . * and i'm bored (: 
I'd really love it if people stop commenting that one photo . I'm probably gonna delete it now . 
I like how you still think I care (: 
No words can decribe my disappointment .... except one , but I will not cuss . 
Jessica ! You are my universe ! <3 
Fuerza bbq today !! <3 Can't wait . And I can't wait for tomorrow :)) 
Okay you see a group of guys or girls . You notice on in particular and think ... their hot/cute ... etc . They turn around and you notice their your ex-boyfriend or girlfriend . Has that happened to you ? XD 
Never try going on Facebook with a baby girl crying in your arms . She'll drop ypur phone or hit with a dorito !!! 
Thr past four days were amazing and unforgetable , I can't say thanks enough to everybody I met , was taught by , the friends I made , etc . I'm so happy ! Now to find everybody I met at Augustana . :)) 
I'm so happy and so hyper . Today was a great day :D An amazing start to an amazing weekend (: ? 
Feliz Cumpleaños mi Virgen María ! 
Staying up just to tell Herman ' happy birthday ' . :D 
That's it , I really don't care . I'm going on Sunday , forget sleeping that whole day . :D Now , to ask the birthgiver if I can go . 
Ah . I happen to love all these people here <3 they're the greatest ! 
I get creeped out when I'm in the house alone , working on a paper and the people downstairs barely comehome and it sounds like they're trying to come into my house my walking up the stairs . So basically , I'm scared ! >.< ? 
Damnit no pancakes next Monday . It will now be on the second of August . >.< Crap ! It's gonna be August !! 
I'm really slow for not uploading any of the pictures yet . >.< 
I saw the fifty flavors of Jelly Bellys and I thought of Elsie Areli Vazquez . Good times . But I hated the popcorn ones . >.< 
My work day is over :D 
Who's gonna watch the game ? 
Keep poking me you guys . I'm calm now .... so ha ! (: 
Like this and Ill write you a letter :) Dear ___ you have a cute ___ . You make me feel ___ . You should be ___ . You and I should ___ . You should be ___ . I'd get your name tattood on my ___ . You are so ___ . I ___ you . 
Joseph Arvizu ! I needed you today on the train to get to work ! Ugh . Creepy people in the city . 
-Nothing is impossible . The word itself says " I'm possible " . You are capable of everything you set your mind to . 
If he stays positive , then , so will I . :) my bestfriend and my fries keep me sane . Hopefully I can still go . 
Done . That's it . I'm done . :) I need to talk to someone . 
Wants to marry someone on facebook . :) And no Carlitos Vences , you are the one on drugs , not me . don't use that lie to hide what you do ! 
Now I know why . (: I love my bestfriend . <3 It's Jesse-11 : Nicky-39 :D Ad we have a war coming up . haha . Let's see who wins that for three points ! 
Never keep a Krabby Patty for over 6 hours . Lesson of the day . 
I love how you make my day (: 
So , I'm an albino (: Damn proud of that . 
DUDE ! Really , Stephanie , are you in this poke war too ?! 
Ah ! I'm a Tuesday worker ! >.< Noooo !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This sucks . 
Fuerza ! We bought the trophe back home , I can't stop being happy these past four days were amazing ! <3 I miss everyone already ... :)) 
My baby cousin is sooo cute (: She's my new favorite . haha Bryan ! <3 There's nothing like havong your brother and your cousin keeping you up (: 
I wanted to annoy people by poking them . But now I'm the one getting annoyed :D 
Loves the carnival ... hates the amount of people that go (: 
>.< Don't you hate those days at work when there is absoultly nothing to do . I'm falling asleep .... Can't wait to leave and go home then get ready to leave for the movie with the family . Again . :) 
This day went better than expected ! =) do you ever have those days where nothing went wrong and you were just happy ? Well I am . 
Maybe they're all right . I don't know . And the situation isn't getting any better . 
Almost done with Carmelo (: 
Idgaf ... Chicago is still the best city , it's my city and I will always be a fan <3 
So I get my math homework O: That's a first . I'm so fkn proud of myself :D 
Yes , it's true . I've made mistakes . I really don't care anymore . I'm done . :) And if people try to put me down , I'll simply smile and walk away . I'm tired , I'm just going to be me . :D 
Have you ever just wanted to be gone . Or never-born ? Well that's how I'm feeling . Sometimes the littlest things have a great impact , mine is in a negative way . I better be prepared to say goodbye to people . If only I had a second chance .? 
Today has been good :D 
Like my status & i'll tell you ; 1 ) Something i've learned about you 
by looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 ) The color you remind me of . 
3 ) My first memory of you . 4 ) The animal you remind me of . 5 ) Ask 
something i've always wondered about you . 6 ) My favorite thing about 
you . 7 ) Give you a weird nickname . 8 ) I challen ... ge you to post ...... this :) 
It's the birthday of one of my greatest friends . :) and Oscar , if you hadn't realized that it's you I'mma smack you ;) 
It's gonna be a bad day to work tomorrow . First , it's my best friend's birthday and second , the weather is gonna be killer . 
One more poke from Elsie Areli Vazquez , and I'll de-daughter her . Okay , I won't but I'll very much consider it ! :D 
" I'm smart . I've studied . I am confident . I will pass those exams because I'm just that awesome . so you know what exams ? I'll take your challenge and I'll beat you ! " 
My family is the most loudest , craziest and ... yeah . XD 
Pancakes for tomorrow is canceled . :-( sorry guys ... not everyone can make it . 
Mo'fo! I'm a Tuesday working . Grr .... FML . :/ 
Done with my work day (: 
I love Cindy Camacho ! She's gonna go to nationals and rock it (: Luckily , Larry Dominick is paying for it !? 
The most stupidest things make my whole day :D 
I love you if you made me smile to day <3 
Ah , pancakes today were great :) gonna hit Erick . Then went to the beach . Great day ... ( : Still needs plans with Herman !! 
So I barely realized I can't go to sleep because I just simply can't . D: I need plans for Wednesday .... 
I love you , Daisy Garcia <3 
So I was invited to go to Morton's homecoming ... but I'm not going (: 
Elsie Areli Vazquez , looked super Goregous in her quince . It was awesome (: Andres Corral and Egben Margarito looked good too (: But she was sooo goregous ! 
Mayra Ceballos is my bubble wrap (: Erika Reyes , I love you ! haha . Friends that you can turn to for anything (: Even for a lie . And I don't need a date for homecoming (: ? 
Cintia Flores is my hero :D 
Homecoming <3 
I am going to enjoy this day (: and Saturday is gonna be a blast too (: this week is gonna rock ! :D 
I love Degrassi !! <3 Drama is best in TV , than in real life . 
Erick Rodriguez is awesome (: 
Loves seeing a small doggie trying to look tough to a dog x3's their own size (: 
I'm thankful for my mom . I'm thankful for my brothers . I'm thankful for my family . I'm thankful for my friends . I'm thankful for my school , even though I barely have time it helped me meet some amazing people . I'm thankful for everyone I met , everyone that made me laugh . Everyone that has helped me out . Everyone who never left me , who accepted my flaws and are still able to love me <3 I am thankful for this life I have 
Sometimes life decides to take a turn . We imagine it as the most possible worst , but in reality it can be the most amazing thing that has ever happened . 
Screw it , I'm bored . 
Like and I'll rate you along with something that I LOVE about you ? 
1st to like : I'll have your last name for a day . 
2nd to like : I'll write on your wall for a week . 
3rd to like : I'll write " I love you " on your wall . 
4th to like : I'll answer any question . 
5th to like : I'll sing you a song when I see you . 
6th to like : I'll tell you what I like about you . 
Post this if you're brave enough . 
I WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 48 HOURS . You can ask me ONE question ( 
only in my inbox ) . You have my total honesty . I DARE you to put this 
as your status to see what people ask (; 
I love watching my aunt try to do a heart XD I <3 her (: 
I love the first snowfall . That means a big annual snowball fight with my brother :D 
I like it on the couch , floor , my bed or the closet ;D ? 
Truth is ... 
" Imperfection is beauty , madness is genius , and its better to be absolutely ridiculous then absolutely boring . " One of my favorite quotes :D 
Highlights of my day : Taping my mouth shut in Physics . Looking Pretty :D ( According to some ) Being overly dramatic to my mom . Losing my ring and getting a five second heart attack then realizing who has it :D Finding Joseph to take the damn Christmas photo . Doing amazing notes for Global and having someone make me smile <3 ? 
" LIKE " this if I have ever made you smile in your life . Then , set this as your status and see how many people you made smile (: 
I <3 Erika Reyes . She the awesoemest friend (: 
So I had a huge headache , but amazingly all I needed was a friend to heal it (: 
Half a decade and I can't ever forget Emmanuel Reyes's birthday (: 
Happy Birthday Guadalupe Banda IFLY ! <3 ? 
I swear , if Eli dies , I might break my TV and boycot Degrassi because ugh .! He's too cute to die ! 
I want to talk to someone I rarely communicate with :D 
" Here's the situation been to every nation . Nobody's ever made me feel the way that you do . You know my motivation given my reputation " <3 -Thank you Elias Ballesteros for getting that song in my head . :D 
I wanna get married to someone on facebook :D ? 
Feliz Navidad everyone ! <3 I wish you all the best and I hope you spend it well with your loved ones . I know I am (: 
Like this and I'll see what's up with ya :D 
So I'm totally passing the World History test tomorrow (: I " mma keep my A C : I love writing all over Erick's wall <3 
Today , is actually a good day :D 
So today was national Mad day . Even after 4:30 everyone was still in a fkd up mood . Today will be better , I'mma hopefully coach Ana :D 
( Like it ) Before 2010 ends ... I want you to know ... 
Like this and I'll tell you what I've been holding back . A truth you should know . 
I needed this half-day . Time to rest . 
When you have a lack of sleep it's bound to get to you . Point being I <3 El Doctorado . Rakim y Ken-y con Tony Dize (: equals beast song . 
Why is everyone so gloomy ? 
Pitbull <3 
Ay , mis tres novios <3 Chino , Nacho y Prince Royce . All of them deserved it but Chino y Nacho got it (: 
So turns out my cousin wants to be a debater :D She's made me so proud , especially when I saw her debate for the first time . They grow up so fast . -tear ; -tear ; 
I love Grecia Perez's face when I prayed for her :D Her eyes popped out XD 
You're like the missing piece of a puzzle . Without it , it's incomplete . 
I loved being Judge :D 
Man , I need to do something today ! I'm bored D: 
" I wrote your name on a piece of paper , but by accident i threw it away . 
I wrote your name on my hand , but it washed away the next day . 
I wrote your name in the sand , but the waves washed it away . 
I wrote your name in my heart , and forever it will stay . " 
Family(n . ) ( adj . ) 
- Reason why you are partial insane ; Reason why you can't let friends come over ; The reason why you're never alone ; friends ; supporters ; guides ; and lastly , they are the reason on who you are today . 
By now , we should know who's gonna win :D 
I'm bored . So like and I'll write something nice on your wall . 
" Even from the beginning , we were always meant to be together <3 " -What we learned in class today (: 
" And I'm not forced to love you . I CHOOSE to love you . " -Another corny thing learned today . 
Beauty attracts , but personality keeps <3 
" I was one to the world . But my dream was to be the world to one . " 
Are you living or are you existing ? 
Blasphemous :D 
Confessions ? 
When you think the night has seen your mind That inside you're twisted and unkind , Let me stand to show that you are blind . Please put down your hands ' cause I see you . I'll be your mirror . -Lou Reed 
This day sucks ! I'mma die out here . 
Screw it :/ 
Love is too powerful to hide for very long . Deny it and suffer the consequences . Acknowledge it and suffer the consequences . Revealing it can either be shameful or it can be liberating . It is for others to decide which it shall be . 
Sore but it's worth it . 
Truth is ...? 
Touchball is softball in my Madrina's language . 
The first time the party actually gets good and I'm not there . Fk .! 
I loved feeding Issac like at 6:30 in the morning . :D I miss that little babyboy (: 
Skype , anyone ? 
Bored . I'mma do the same as Andres Corral . 
For every like , I'll write a confession . 
Confession #1 : I never like saying a nice thing about me because either I don't believe it or I feel too conceited . 
Confession #2 : I don't trust easily but I don't like being alone . 
Confession #3 : I still have the bear my uncle gave me when I was five . I can't sleep anywhere else without it . 
Confession #4 : I love it when people make me smile or laugh when I'm done . I feel like they care and I feel loved :D -chessy but true . 
Confession #5 : I really think I'm going to cry ( a bit ) this graduation . 
Confession #6 : I believe I'm smart but I'm uber lazy and that's what keeps me from straight A's . 
Confession #7 : I sometimes love my hectic schedule . I like being busy instead of being bored at home doing nothing . 
Confession #8 : I want to make a difference by doing what I'm good at and what I love . And it will happen . Trust me . 
Confession #9 : It takes me awhile to get mad depending on the situation but I forgive either too fast or too easily . 
As long as Luis Castrejon , Eliseo Carmona , Grecia Perez , Guadalupe Banda Elsie Areli Vazquez , and Egben Margarito suffer with me , it makes this day ... a little less lonely . 
The perfect way to spend a Saturday afternoon . :D 
Pretty Little Liars <3 
" Thank you for looking at me tonight the same as you did yesterday . " 
I am in dire need of coffee ... 
" I wanna be born in the year of the cat ! " -Ah , I love that line <3 
How many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop ? XD I got up to 103 ;D 
Not at school :D 
Pretty interesting and hectic morning though . 
Thank you Andrea Garcia :D For yesterday <3 
Goodbye Facebook ... 
For fourty days (: And goodbye coffee . :D 
My favorite color is Violeta Idgaf Valentina (: 
So here's the thing , you try your hardest to look pretty and you don't get a single compliment . You wish for that one guy to talk to you , or even take a glance . In reality , you don't need to try hard . People don't say things because they know you are trying . That guy won't talk to you because he isn't worth it . So for once , look like you and not like a doll . 
In the train heading home with Blankita (: 
C'mon! there is still hope ! 
" The miracle is not to fly in the air , or to walk on the water , but to walk on the earth in peace with one another . " 
I'm sorry I'm not skinny enough so you can see my ribs . I'm sorry my boobs aren't big enough . I'm sorry I'm not fake . I'm sorry I'm not pretty . But most of all , I'm sorry you can't accept me for who I am . 
Erick Rodriguez you are annoying ! :D But Ily <3 
#2 (: You are the cutest ! haha . We truly need to talk more on here though . I love your smile , ah ! bottom line , you're cute (: haha . 
Only a few people are leaving and the party continues ... 
Oh God . It's done . they are totally wasted . XD 
I love being on skype with Savina Alejandra Avila <3 
Like this and I'll answer these questions honestly ... 1)Are you cute or ugly ? 2)Would I date you 3)rate you ?? 4)awesome/lame friend ?? 5)what's the best thing I like about you ?? Youu have been dared to put this as your status . 
Man , next Tuesday is the anniversery of my birth ... :/ 
The only way to look beautiful is with make-up . wish I could go back to those days where I didn't have to do anything and I looked pretty . 
I'm thankful for you because .... 
Like And I'll Answer ; 
1 . Are you cute ? 
2 . Do I see you in my future ? 
3 . Do I love you ? 
4 . What's the one thing I love about you ? 
5 . Would I kiss you ? 
6 . Should we chill ? 
7 . Should we text ? 
8 . Would I marry you on facebook ? 
9 . Have I ever had a dream with you in it ? 
So I'm bored . Why don't you ask me a question and I'll reply honestly ? Yeah , I think that'll help me right now , or it'll get my inbox full . Either way just do it :D 
I love how my family celebrates my birthday :D 
Dumping my head in the whole effin cake ! 
I love the Cristo Rey guys but tomorrow we all know Juarez got it (: 
Man , Erick doesn't like my last name >.< 
So for me sweet sixteen , I think I should invite people from YLC (: 
2010 is coming to an end ... like this and I'll tell you what we should do in 2011 (: 
" I'll talk to you later " used to mean that " I'll talk to you tomorrow or the second I'm free . " Now it means . " I won't call you until I feel like it or until I have nothing better to do . " 
Bulls <3 
Is it possible to be this bored ? 
It's funny how we can talk so easily on the phone , but as soon as we're around people in the hallway we don't even wave " hi " . We are complete strangers until the people leave . Why can't we remain the same even with people around ? 
It's funny how you keep believing the smile on my face (: 
Just so we're clear . There's no more chances . 
So I just finished watching the Lion King with my family and now I'm coloring in my coloring book with 64 crayons (: Oh yeah , this brings back memories . 
Do we have school tomorrow ? 
Packers :D 
Who saw this coming ? 
I hate how there is nothing to do here at work >.< 
And the bulls win baby (: Oh yeah <3 
I love how I'm not sleepy , how mi tio me dio el regalo que queria , Y que la fiesta continua ... :D Ah my family <3 
I pretty much want to thank everyone who wished me a happy birthday and just made me smile . <3 
I always say that you've changed but maybe , just maybe , I was the one who changed . I grew-up and you remained a child . 
Websters definition for " Real " : " b ( 1 ) : occurring or existing in actuality ... " All of you are real . Every girl is beautiful and unique and deserving of respect , no matter how they dress . 
Q & A ? ( inbox ) 
The Little Mermaid <3 
Wow . :/ 
Navy pier monday ? :D 
In nights like these I wish that you were up so we could talk like we used to ... 
Don't get upset when I don't say hi first . Don't tell me that I don't talk anymore because it was you who stopped first . There's facebook , you have my number for once how about you say Hi first ? 
I love how I'm really tired and I can't fall asleep . >.< Who wants to tell me a bedtime story ? 
Bed time story , yes ? 
So who wants to come over on Saturday ? Anyone ...? 
" The best thing in life is finding someone who knows all your mistakes , weaknesses and flaws and still thinks you're completely amazing . " <3 
Bored , now that I watched the new episodes to Degrassi <3 Soo ... 
I must admit ? 
To avoid disappointment , don't expect anything from anyone . 
I have no idea why but I wanna play truth or dare XD 
So detention tomorrow ? :/ 
Truth is ... I'm not in a good mood and I have no patience . One wrong move and I'll either breakdown or punch you in the face . I'll probably do neither but I'm not a fkn happy camper right now ! 
Happy Valentine's Day <3 A good day to watch Angus , thongs and perfect Snogging (: 
In honor of Valentine's Day , like and I'll write what I love about you ! 
Stupid detention ! D: 
Finally a touchdown ! ' Bout time ! 
Like and I'll describe you in one word . 
Liking your status DOES NOT mean that I like you , fyi :D 
[ Like)Would I make you my valentine ? 
Would I marry you on Facebook ? 
Word to describe you using the first letter of your name ? 
Would I hug you ? 
Do I like your default ? 
Have I seen you in person ? 
Would I text you if I had your number ? 
Last time I saw you ? 
Truth is ? 
Do I love you ? 
Dark Knight never gets old . A good way to spend my Friday Night , relaxing . 
Like and I'll write a good memory we have :D 
Navy pier was awesome :D the bus ride back is full of hyper teens and girls who found thier " boyfriend " today during the play ;D 
Communication takes two . So don't complain if I don't talk because if you aren't going to put effort why should I ? 
