ahhhhhhh ...... I seem to have some form of insomnia . O.O I have been awake for 20 hours ...... and am not tired or sleepy ...... strange , ne ? 
looking for a good book to read for awhile . 
found a good book , now I will be detained for a few days . 
is trying to figure some stuff out . I haven't had a thinking session like this in a while . 
just thinking . gonna try to get on here more often 
Is on hour 19 of my internal clock reset . I've been on the 5am to 3pm routine for a week or so now , and I need to reset before I have to get up for work again . 
Research project on 8 different diseases , 30 math problems , 3 homework pages , and 2 tests . All due on Monday ........ How is everyone else's weekend looking ? 
Knowledge is the amount power someone has , imagination is the ability to focus that power , and wisdom is the application of power . 
To shave or not to shave ..... 
Remember when we'd . 
Stay up late and we'd talk all night . 
In a dark room lit by the tv light . 
Through all the hard times in my life . 
Those nights kept me alive . 
We'd listen to the radio play all night . 
Didn't want to go home to another fight . 
Through all the hard times in my life . 
Goodnight , enjoy your dreams . 
Lol . The government is so funny . 
Packing . Oh the fun . 
Good night brothers sisters and children , have sweet dreams and beautiful awakenings . 
Yay for coffe drinkers . coffee is good for you . :D Well .... that is until they do the next study ...... but until then drink away ! ( suggested daily dose : 2 cups caffinated , 3 cups uncaffinated ) 
Goodnight angels , demons , warlords , mages , ninjas , death knights , and dragons . I know it's hard sometimes , but don't let the humans annoy you . They aren't worth your time . 
It's official , my new hair style will be a darker version of battousai's . 
Jeeze , moving is a pain , plus there is no Internet yet . -_- 
I must have a talk with these people . Having the tv turned on before the Internet is blasphemy . 
Tv isn't important in the least . 
Well , at least the school's Internet works . 
Has found a book that is probably the single best fantasy novel he has ever read . 
Does anyone have any anime suggestions ? I had a list of ones I wanted to watch , but I seem to have lost it . 
Have you ever put on a certain item of clothing and found that it changes your mood completely ? 
I have to finals tomorrow , one will be cake , the other will be ..... we'll see . 
Good night everyone . 
Peace be tha journey . 
What is the branch of science that deals with the function of the human body ? 
What is the differance between ionic and covalent bonds ? 
What's the differance between an acid and a base ? 
How would you calculate the atomic weight and number of an atom ? 
What is metabolism ? 
What is homeostasis ? 
What are the three major parts of a composite cell ? 
What is ATP ? 
Haha , I made 103 on my anatomy final . 
Good night brothers , sisters , and friends . 
May your dreams be sweet and your mornings gental . 
If mars had an earthquake , would you call it a marsquake ? When lightning strikes the ocean , why don't all the fish die ? Can you cry underewater ? Does the mailman deliver his own mail ? Why is there a light in the fridge , but not the freezer ? 
I have the worst craving to go play WoW . Jeeze , you'd think after 3 months it would be out of my system . 
I need to go to the book store . Fantasy books are to WoW , as methadone is to heroine . 
???????????????? 
For future referance , knives are sharp . 
Ask not what your country can do for you .... 
Can you believe that the person that spoke those words was one of the most loved presidents ever ? 
If a president spoke those words today he would be impeached within 2 months . 
When did the American people come to love an all powerful government ? 
Isn't that why we broke away from the king of England and formed this country to begin with ? 
Heh heh , guess who has a 4.0 GPA ? 
Here's to the people that make my life more difficult . 
Without you , I wouldn't be nearly as intelligent as I am now . 
Don't ever let yourselves get rusty , I need your brains to keep me sharp . 
Is freezing at the moment . 
Oh my love , please don't cry ...... 
Name that tune !!!! 
Such a beautiful day , I love the rain . 
Sitting at the hospital with skyy baby . 
All is well , no permenant injuries 
Wishes he still remembered all his dueling ninja formulas 
Night peoples . Peace be tha journey . 
What did I do to deserve such a wonderful weekend ? 
Two days of rain ending in a thunderstorm ? 
I love it . 
Good evening friends , how is the road treating y'all . 
Goodnight people , sleep well , have dreams that make you never want to wake up , and when you do wake up , have the memory of that dream carry you through any hardships you may face . 
Night peoples . 
The world is like a ride in an amusement park . And when you choose to go on it you think it's real because that's how powerful our minds are . And the ride goes up and down and round and round . It has thrills and chills and it's very brightly coloured and it's very loud and it's fun , for a while . Some people have been on the ride for a long time and they begin to question : " Is this real , or is this just a ride ? " 
Alrighty , get those brains to moving . Lets see who's first this time . 
Nightmare on elm street 6 was pretty funny actually . I guess in gonna have to find another movie to turn to for good dreams . Any suggestions ? 
First correct answer is in already , grats to lord scotty . 
Muhahahaha , like the challenge this time ? I'm gonna relax for a while . I have a feeling that this one will be well worth those extra points . 
Two hours to study before my test . Hope everyone has fun today , I know I will . 
I'm very happy today . I've made several new friends . They live in my head , so they come around alot . :D 
Awww , still no new answers . Everyone wanted harder questions , but when I put a decent one up , no one wanted to play anymore . :( 
Is like bath water , it can be hot , warm , or cold , but no matter what , it always ends up down the drain . A para- quote by the great philosopher dixius of the land of Logan . 
I love to sleep . It really is the best of both worlds . You get to be alive and unconscious . 
Well , I survived the math test , but just barely . It's gonna be a tough night in the ICU , but I should pull through in the end . Night everyone , I need my rest for the recovery . 
P.s. The new challenge is up , get to work ya lazy no good ...... Wonderful lovely people . :) 
is very bored . 
I'm laying out under the stars tonight . I haven't decided if I'm gonna sleep out here , but it is very tempting . 
Today is the day that we look back over the year and remember the great times we've had . No matter how hard it has been , we have all had at least a few moments that make us certain life is worth living . 
Just got back from Louisville , Kentucky . Insanly long ride to pick up a few pieces of equipment . 45 minutes of work , 17 and a half hours of driving over two days . It was pretty good stuff though , 8 servers , 2 batteries ( 150 pound ones ) , and 2 power connectors . Plus all the racks and misc . stuff that goes with them . 
Still chilly here . If this is any sign of the future , there could be a blizzard this year . ( crosses fingers ) 
Good night everyone . Have good dreams . 
I Hate Feeling Like This- 
I'm So Tired Of Trying To Fight This- 
I'm Asleep And All I Dream Of- 
is Waking To You- 
tell Me That You Will Listen- 
your Touch Is What I'm Missin- 
and The More I Hide I Realize I'm Slowly Losing You- 
comatose- 
i'll Never Wake Up Without An Overdose- 
Of You- 
i Don't Wanna Live- 
i Don't Wanna Breathe- 
' les I Feel You Next To Me- 
you Take The Pain I Feel- 
Consider me tired . 
For the love of tacos . No school Monday either . I don't think they want me there . 
Night peeps , keep those answers coming in , and be ready for the super hard 5x bonus challenge quest tomorrow at 8 
HILLARY ANSWERED CORRECTLY !!! 
she recieves 800 points for answering after the hint . 
Oh , as a side note . Awesomeness points can be spent on questions , favors , and similar services . Inquiries about points redemption are welcome . ( Terms and conditions apply , and are subject to change without notice ) 
Now , for the next mythology challenge ...... please hold 
The doctor thinks I'm allergic to almonds . If I am I'm highly allergic . I look like I've been playing soccer with a bee hive full of soccer hating bees . 
Going to have surgery two weeks from today 
It's cold as the gobi in my room today . 
Good night my friends . May you have wonderful dreams , and glorious awakenings . 
Wow , warlocks got stomped in this patch . Every single damaging spell we have was reduced by 12% . That's insane . 
This will be your final hint , after saturday the points will keep going down by 100 until 3 more people get it . 

( old , middle eastern , order ) 
Lunar eclipse tonight at around 2:30 on the east coast . be sure to watch it if you're going to be awake . last one for 3 years 
challenge is up 
Timothy Kage Carlile is the first to answer correctly . 1000 points for him 
The winners were , zach with 1500 points , hillary with 1000 points , tim with 800 , and hoyt with 200 . Grats to the winners . next challenge up in a few . 
Night , gonna go to sleep ..... 5:00 comes early . 
Current points are as follows ; Tim-4600 , Zach-4500 , Scotty-4500 , Hillary-4000 , Hoyt-1200 , Dixie and Jennifer-1000 , and Brian-800 . We have a very close race here , Tim , Hillary , Scotty , and Zach have been on the ball . Keep those answers coming in . 
Night peoples . Tomorrow is a loooong day . Get to work on the challenge . 
Actually the new pic will be up a little later than expected . It will depend on when I get home from class . 
Ahhh that was a nice nap . 
new pic will be up soon 
Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are . 
Back to my home in Cleveland . 
Got my stitches out today . 
Just finished watching an anime ...... um ..... It was good ..... but ..... my mind is now fried . I'm not sure if I'm just out of practice watching anime , or if this one was just on of the super mind crushing ones , but whatever the cause , 11 eyes gets a 10 out of 10 in the brain scrambling catagory . 
Two people have half- way answered the mythology question . Who will be the first to get the full answer ? Who truely deserves the awesomeness points ? We shall see . The question will be open for one week . Hurry and message answers before times up . 
Hillary got it as well . 1000 points to her . now , who will be the last ? 
new challenge will be up in the morning . 
I'm gonna have to find harder questions for scotty , jeeze 
Just got home after meeting my long lost older brother , and yeah you heard that right , he is one of the few people that I acknowledge as my elder . We are close in age , but he has a little more time served than I do . 
It's 36 degrees and droping . Oh sweet winter , how I've missed thee , please come swiftly and grant your herald a reason to keep spreading your praises . 
By the law of history , the victorious are always the rightious , and the failed are always the wicked . 
Ok times up . 
Let me review the results 
Oh wow ...... I've just realized something horrible . Over the past 2 years I've been playing world of Warcraft . While I haven't played it anymore than I would play any other game , I've just noticed I haven't read a whole book in well over 10 months . I use to read 3 a week , every week . 
once people start answering more , I may set up a certain time , and just post one question a day . I'll see who is most active , and ask them all what would be the best time to post . 
Ok , so no one has guessed correctly on the firey guy with the sword yet . At 9:30 I'm going to give a hint if we don't have any answers by then . 
This one will be active till 8 tomorrow evening . Have fun 
Scotty was first and won 1500 points . Hoyt Triplett was second , he gets 1000 points . Tim was third and gets 800 points . Hillary also answered correctly . 
Congrats to jennifer !!!! thats all for this question folks , please hold while we find your next one 
Omg , a white Christmas in Georgia !!!!! The insanity !!!! The humanity !!!! The ...... Well you get the idea . 
I hope everyone had a great Halloween , and I hope you all have a perfect all saints day tomorrow . 
K peeps . 20 minutes left on the mythology challenege , get those answers in . 
Scores are as follows . Scotty with 4500 , Tim with 3800 , Hillary and Zach , both with 3000 , Jennifer , Dixie , and Hoyt with 1000 , and finally Brian with 800 . 
Holy cheese crackers , scotty was so close with that first guess , that the fire almost went out of this guy's mustache . 
WE HAVE A WINNER !!!!!! Scotty was the first to guess the name of the fire dude . 1000 points to him . I will still be giving a hint at 9:30 . After that hint , answers are worth 800 points . So hurry and figure it out !!!! 
O.O . New pirates of the carribean movie comes out soon . 
Arm is healing pretty well . I imagine that they could take the stitches out in a few days if they wanted . 
I wonder who will be the next to answer correctly ........ 
How's everyone's endoplasmic reticulum today ? 
GO VOTE !!! If you don't vote , don't you dare say one word to me about the situation this country is in . This is a republic , we the people are the ones that control what goes on . If you don't like it , vote for someone that will fix it , if you don't know who wants to fix it , do some research . 
Muhahaha , you see on all previous mythology challenges , the pictures have had rather large clues contained within the pictures . This allowed for people to use the Internet and look up the beings using those clues . 
home from the hospital , surgery went fine . 
I got a haircut and shaved today ...... I guess 2 times a year isn't bad . 
Just started number 6 . Hope this one is a little more .... exciting , they can't expect me to have good dreams with that sad performance . 
One day ...... 
Humans will remember the terror of their ancesters as they walk alone in the woods . 
One day ....... 
Humans will be reinformed of their place in the world . 
At least I hope so . Humans have become far to complacent in their own power . 
Benedryl before test day at school is not advisable . 
About a week with less than normal to almost no pain sounds pretty good ... til the pain comes back . You almost get use to waking up with out pain every morning , and when it does come back , it feels worse than you remember , even though in you mind you know it's the same . 
I love Tuesdays . 
Aladdin is on !!!! amazing what you find when you turn a tv on . 
Only ended up with 4 stiches . Amazing how small they can make cuts for surgery now . 
One love , one heart , let's get together and feel alright . 
Merry Christmas everyone . Remember , it's not about the presents , it's about the people and the memories . If this Christmas isn't quite as grand as you wished , just remember the ones before , and all the fun and happiness from the years gone by . I wish everyone the very best in the upcoming year . May we all be happy and feel love unconditional this year . 
7 and a half miles in 2 hours and 45 minutes . Go me !! 
Work again tomorrow 
Dixie is the third winner !!!!!!!!!!! grats to the winners 
Hillary had won the 3rd and final set . Congrats to all the winners , i'll be putting the answer on the picture now . I'll also be getting a new question , so be ready when you see it . 
You have til 8 tomorrow night 
At home after vist the family day . Half my family didn't want me to go home haha . 
Sitting in dixies house chillin with ghosts . 
Went by north georgia tech today . Gonna see if I can get in , they might not want some old fool like me to attend . 
Ready for the next one ? 
I hate daylight savings time . And to make it worse , my baby's sick . 
:O it's snowing !!!!!!!!! 
I'm completely uninterested in football , but I have to say I'm sooooo happy LSU beat Alabama . There are a group of people in my family that love Alabama way to much , and have been almost unbearable with their prasie of the tides performance this season . No one should get that into a team , and now that they got beat , maybe a little humility will be seen among the masses . 
Oh the humanity !!!! School has been called for snow , and yet I have homework to do none the less . This would be ok ..... If it wasn't for the fact that I've never met my teacher , and have never been to the classroom . 
Just looked over the material I need to know to take the entrance exam for the course I'm taking ..... I need to go study , it's been a loooooong time since I have even looked at an algebra problem , much less solve one . 
27 degrees right this very moment . 
Watching the 5th nightmare on elm street movie . I need some good dreams . 
The two most common elements in the universe are hydrogen and stupidity ...... but not in that order . 
?????????? ??????? ( having preposition issues ) 
Alright the next question of the mythology challenge will be up in under 2 minutes 
Quick someone ask me a moderately challenging algebra question to see if I understand this junk . ( that last word was nicer than the one that crossed my mind ) 
I hate being old . 
It's almost thanksgiving . Don't forget to tell everyone you love that your thankful for them being in your life . 
This is more important than dancing with the stars , it's more important than jersey shore , it's more important than soap operas , and it's more important than a sports team . If you can know the life story of all of those people , you can dang well read a little about the people making laws in this country . 
Here is your hint for the challenge . 
( Middle east ) good luck to you . 
On a seperate note , ?????????? ??????? 
I seriously need to stop staying up like this . 
4 more days till I get to see my favorite short person . 
Ok I've figured out polynomials pretty much , now on to linear equatins with two variables . 
The tables have turned , And I’ve finally learned , 
that this is makin ' up for every day I was gone . 
And that’s why I’m concerned , But now it’s confirmed , 
that you spread your wings and learned to fly all alone 
Gotta work tomorrow and Saturday . Oh what a fun week I'm having . 
Few people will understand this but .... We just one shotted every boss in icc up to the lich king , we are on our 12th atempt . So far the valkrs are killing us . Everyone seems in for the long haul , might get the kingslayer title tonight . 
Me in the morning 
? (???) 
Good Morning !? 
Arranging furniture today ..... Oh joy . 
Home from thanksgiving , had a pretty good time , missed some people , but got to see some others . All and all it was a nice day today . 
Goodnight again peoples , 5 comes early tomorrow too . 
I never count on yesterday , because the past may not exsist . I'll never give myself away , when there's reason to resist . Words draped in crystal melt away . I .... miss you . Outside the snow keeps falling , if you're cold then I'll come calling . 
Night everyone , have good dreams . 
before I start the next challenge here is a recap . after 4 tests of your mythological / research skills , the point totals are as follows . 800 points for Brian Wilson , 1000 points for Dixie Lee , 1000 points for Jennifer Mullins , 1800 points for Hillary Harkins Carlile , 2000 points for Zach Humphries , 2000 points for Timothy Kage Carlile , and finally 3000 points for Scotty Coleman 
no one has even tried a guess on the current challenge . Looks like I did a good job this time . 
Name this person , first 3 correct answers get 1000 awesomeness points . 
Text program working again , I think . 
" my cookie " 

( > ^ -^)> ( : • :) 
this be my cookie 
<(^-^)> ( : • :) <(*_*<) 
and it's all mine 
( > ^ -^)> ( : • :) (^• ^ < ) 
... 
( > ^ -^)> ( : • :) # < (^• ^ < ) 
" waffle ? " 
(>^#^<) ( > ^( : • :) ^ < ) 
trade !!!! 
Come take a drink and drown your sorrows , and all of our fears will be gone til the marrow . Everyone should go listen to alestorm . It's pirate metal , how awesome is that ?!?! 
New challenge is up . send your top two guesses to my inbox . 
I'm so tired I could sleep for weeks 
Shu , that was the worse test ever . It's also the lowest score I ever made on a test . Oh the humanity . 
It seems I have a one sided relationship going on here . I sing praises and show love , and all I get in return is a cold ache . 
I have an algebra test tomorrow , but that's ok cause zach is going to go take it for me . 
It's colder than a water buffalo's hindquarters in the winter up here . 
Night my little snow birds . 
Still waiting on a correct identification of the creatures that are in the drawing . 1000 awesomeness points to the winner . ( no purchase nessisary , offer not valid in nabraska or where illegal , all answers must be sent to my inbox , comments will not be excepted ) 
Back at the house from dixies . Now I am going to go ahead and allow the turkey-induced coma to take affect . 
You can have a skittle , a mento , or a sweet tart . 
It ain't no riddle , you don't need an id card . 
It's not illegal , it might give you some cavities . 
It's kind of little , I'll take a handful if you please . 
Still no new answers for the challenge . if no one gets it by thursday , i'll give another hint , and lower the points again . 
P.S. ??????????????????? 
So tired .... 
Ok , here are the new rules for the mythology trivia challenge . I am going to put up a picture in the morning , then people will have all day to answer . You get two guesses . At the end of the day I will be give out the points . The new points system works like this . 1500 for the first correct answer , 1000 for the second , 800 for third , and 200 for each one after that . 
Sitting at school wait til 10 for my class to start . 
Still no corret answer on the current mythology identification picture . We've had one guess that was close . Hurry to claim your 1000 awesomeness points . ( all guess should be sent to my inbox , multiple guesses are allowed ) 
I dream of a day , when white boys can dance around the house , the town , and the store without having their motives questioned . 
The new question will be up for 2 days , or until 2 more people figure it out . good luck my intelligent little friends . 
Sitting in front of mcdonalds . Cleveland is a much longer walk from my house than it appears . 
Good morning , I trust everyone had a wonderful night , and I'm sure you will each have a great day . 
New mythology challenge is up . Get to work . 
Zach is the second person to answer the current question . grats !!!! one more to go 
Happy new year , I hope everyone has a better year this year than they had last year . 
Congratulations to Zach for being the first to get the " name the mythical creatures " question . 1000 awesomeness points are awarded to him . 
last chance to find an answer for the challenge , when I log on tomorrow i'm changing it . oyasuminasai . 
I'm thankful for a family that didn't have to love me but did anyway . I'm thankful for the friends I've made over the years , because they are amongst the greatest people to ever walk the earth . I'm thankful for the time I spent with an angel trapped in a frail body . I'm thankful that even though my body has problems , my mind is strong . 
So hard to find PG rated pictures of gods and goddesses . 
Ok hint time . your hint for the firey dude with the sword is as follows ; He is norse , he is not a god , he is not a human , he is not nice . Use these hints to help you figure it out . 
??????????????????? 
Well , just did all my homework for school . A short report , 3 quizes , and a test . 
Sadly I missed a question on the test . 
:-/ 
get those brains to working . 
This one was meant to be tough , and I did manage to keep scotty from answering it in 15 seconds . If no one gets the answer before 9:30 , I'll give a hint , and lower the prize to 800 awesomeness points . In case anyone is wondering , Zach Humphries , Timothy Kage Carlile , and Scotty Coleman are tied with 2000 points . Hillary Harkins Carlile , Jennifer Mullins , and Dixie Lee all have 1000 points . 
Maybe the super hard 5x challenge will shake things up around 9:30 tonight . Anyone could be on top after this . I will keep the question open until I have 4 correct answers . The first answer will be worth a whooping 7500 points . Second answer will be worth 5000 . Third answer will be worth 4000 . Forth answer will be worth 1000 
I love Internet at resturants . 
People at this place live off of hamburger and pizza combos . 
Zach is our third winner . grats to the winners . 
Good night facebook . keep those guesses coming . 
HA !!!!!! we have a correct answer to the challenge . I'm not telling anyone who it is , cause I don't want anyone getting the answer from them . ;) 
There were several attacks and deaths throughout the world Sunday , but nothing that I would normally feel such strong empathy for . The search continues . 
For some reason my text program isn't working . 
Does it make me a bad person if I like to shot people right as they think they are safe and under cover ? What about if I like to hit people in the head with a 5 foot long ax with a 4 foot width ? 
Be prepared people , at 8 tomorrow night you will have a challenge so hard , that I am waveing the 1 day rule . this picture will be active until I get 4 answers , and because of how hard it is , the points will be times 5 the normal amount . 
K the answer to the challenge was mars , venus and the saytrs . I also excepted ares , aphrodite , and the saytrs . 
Has a LOT of homework . 
Goodnight friends . I bid thee safe travels along the shores of your dreams . 
everyone ready for the next question ? 
Algebra is ....... Draining . 
Ahh , I don't have to study today . 
School starts tomorrow , provided they don't close because of the snow 
Ahhhh , I love pain free mornings . 
Done with my first day of college after an 8 year break ...... Ahhhhh , I truely have missed school . 
only one more !!!! think people think 
Tim has won the second set of points , congradulations to him . 
BRIAN HAS GOTTEN IT !!!! he is the second to answer the question , and receives 800 points for answering after the hint . Come on third person !!!!! 
Ok so I'm sitting by the window at mountain lakes clubhouse , and as always , there are 2000 lady bugs all around the window . I've noticed that the ones that are more red tend to be nervous around movement , but the orange ones tend to be more curious . 
I'm thinkin ' I might have to go to the doctor soon . 3 days is to long and it's a little closer to my spine than I like . 
??????? ??????????? 
2 nights in a row ... I hope this stops before tomorrow . I cant handle 12 hour work days with 2 hours sleep . 
So yeah , 3 books are 248 dollars . I have a lot of reading to do . 
Heaven just isn't hot enough , burn me alive inside . Living my life's not hard enough , take everything away . 
I had an anatomy and physiology test today . It wasn't nearly as draining as math , plus I made a 96 , so I feel much better today . 
Still have some complacations from the math test , but I've been moved out of icu , into general population . 
Ready for the next question people ? Its a hard one . 
CONGRATS TO TIM !!!!!! he is the second to answer the trivia question corectly 
one more answer , and this challenge will be over . the next one will start in the morning 
Ok folks , only 2 answers on the last one . Tim gets 1500 for first , hillary gets 1000 for second . grats on the good work . Now ...... for the hard one . ( insert evil laugh ) 
still need 2 correct answers before moving to the next question . 
Just got done with my test , waiting for everyone else to finish . 
india foxtrot yankee oscar uniform charlie alpha november uniform november delta echo romeo sierra tango alpha november delta tango hotel india sierra charlie oscar papa yankee alpha november delta papa alpha sierra tango echo tango oscar yankee oscar uniform romeo sierra tango alpha tango uniform sierra 
Does anyone know if something really bad happened yesterday around 3:30 ? 
Ok , if no one else gets the answer to the mythology challenge before thursday , I'm gonna give everyone a hint . After i give the hint , points for correct answers will be reduced by 50% . Thats still 2500 points for second place . In case you're wondering . 
Holy cow , scotty did it again . he is the first to answer the new question !!! grats again lord scotty . 
No new answers even with last nights hint . How disappointing . :-/ 
P.s. ??????????? ??????? 
The next challenge is up , have fun . 
