Always do right this will gratify some people and will astonish the rest 
my female duck lola has laid 2 eggs !! i love baby ducks !! i am smiling lou ! 
Lola has laid 2 eggs I need more ducks lmao !! I love them they are like my little triplets ! 
way to go green bay ! love them packers ! 
Dave bought me an ASUS laptop for my birthday itS awesome . 
tAke a little trip tAke a little trip with me LMAO !! 
lola has been sitting on her eggs like Such a good mama . ditto won't leave her side . what a couple ! can't wait for more baby duckS dAve will love it !! lmao 
i love the green baypackers !!!!! 
Just when you think all is good WHAM . Reality 
hits you right in the face and you wonder have 
the last 24 years all been bs ? 
lola has laid 4 eggs now i just cant see me with 7 ducks living in my house well the 3 i have stay in a pen a night one of them doesnt know hes a duck he loves fudgcicles ! hes my baby but i dont let the other 2 know they eat spinach , romaine lettuce , 5 kinda os grain and worms or grasshoppers everyday they make me happy !! 
I have to go clean my ducks ponds . Two ponds three ducks lotta poop to clean good thing I love them . They make me happy 
if someone throws a rock at you and knocks you off your donkey are you stoned off your ass ?! 
its been snowing all night . its awesome . I lovE the snow !! 
three wise women would have asked directions , arrived on time , helped deliver the baby , cleaned the stable , made a casserole , brought practical gifts , and 
my two males got into a fight and little ditto pecked a big hole in babys wing they were fighting over lola need another female now baby is hurt and just wants me to hold him how sad hes my favorite 
i love being a nana !!! i have a wonderful husband , a great son an awesome daughter-in-law and a beautiful grandbaby girl ! 3 ducks a dog and 3 cats ! what more could a girl want or need ?? maybe a carmel moo-late from dairy queen ?! lol 
Wild women rarely make history ! 
Deanna didn't get how to change her profile picture what's deanna 
smoking lol 
Word of the day " Line " what a fisherman a fisherman is doing if his lips are moving 
my two males got into a fight over lola and my little ditto pecked a big hole on babys wing im very sad about that damn females anyways so now im going to baby him he just wants to be help hes a lover not a fighter !! 
oops . 
well one of lolas ' eggs didnt make it so now we have 3 eggs i roll the and clean them and she sits on them i hope they hatch i need another female lola and ditto are hanging tight so now baby needs a mate i believe everyboby should have somebody this is the time of year when mallards pAiR up . They don't mate til spring , if I order bAby a " mAil-order " bride She woulD bE here in a week . WhAt to do ?? 
my two males got into a fight over lola and my little ditto pecked a big hole on babys wing im very sad about that damn females anyways so now im going to baby him he just wants to be held hes a lover not a fighter !! 
This guy raped a five year old little girl . He ruined her life , she is alive & in the hospital can't move and can never have children , or a normal life . This guy goes by different names he is in hiding & has AIDS . The girl came out positive . Please help us catch this animal . Every time this message is fwd the Dell Hospital will donate $ . 15 to Maria's medication & treatment . Please don't hesitate to fwd this . It co ... 
damn that was fun !!! 
how come we choose from just two people to run for president and fifty for miss america ? 
Its a Beautiful fall sunrise I love that its nippy out its great to get out and move about !! Dress warm WOOL ya gotta love it . 
There would be Peace on Earth ! 
Our GRANDbaby girl is walking !! she will be a year old the 2nd of February !! she is sweet sweet sweet !! 
if anyone needs a Designated Driver call me I'm your girl friday tonight !! PLease I love all my freinds and want them here in 2011 even you kenny b !!! poke you in the eye !! 
kidney stones suck !! worse pain in my life !! even if you drink a lot of water and to still be blessed with them how lucky can I be ? 
