is hoping the snow doesn't kill her weekend . I'll leave the romance of all that to you disgustingly lucky couples . 
has a #$^&%^ test tonight and 5 hours to finish 2 days worth of work ... wtf . 
New phone . Call the old phone . I'm spinning right now . ouch . 
Got 99 problems and free time ain't one . SOMEBODY GET ME SOME TYLENOL ALREADY !!! 
anybody have Bonnies new cell # ? 
needs a fistful of tylenol 
American idol ( yes i watch it ) was a train wreck . Firstly , if you have a brain , please check out bill gates ' remarks about vaccines in the context of reducing carbon emissions . And second- what moron gave mary j blige a microphone and access to zeppelin's catalogue ? 
My current mood is : Incubus - Are You In ? 
My current mood is : Jason Mraz - Dead End 
Shmuley Boteach is a disgraceful human being . 
God bless and protect the daddies in this world . 
had too good a time in class to have learned anything today . 
Was so happy to spend some time with my lovely calhoun co . ladies . Now home and sleep and painting manana . 
is looking for a guy who's part Greg Kinnear , part Alexander Skarsgård , part Ricky Gervais and part pre-heroin Robert Downey Jr ... on Craigslist . 
 = Unwarranted public acts of aggression , hot-and-cold phases verging on bipolarity , and lack of follow-through are turn ons . All within a 170 mile radius a 
everyone I know is either married or getting there ... how did I miss that bus ? lol 
Tisha B'av is almost over . 
Can't stop laughing at this pick-up line ... " You're Jewish , right ? Do you want me to give you something to atone for on Yom Kippur ? " - Priceless . 
Fun 
Fact of the Day : did you know that thermal receipts not only fade , 
preventing the return of ugly sweaters , but also leach Bisphenol A ( BPA ) 
in extremely toxic concentrations ? BPA is a hormonally active compound 
which acts as an endocrine disruptor . THE MORE YOU KNOW ... 
where my oral glucose at ? 
Could * anything * else go wrong today ? I better go get right ... 
" The thing about you that caught my eye is the same thing that makes me change my mind " 
slowly but surely removing all traces ... 
Is colorful in a way that would probably respond to medication . 
Damn you , michael buble ... you got me ! 
It's that time of year , boys and girls ... time for the Phillips family argument of Judaism vs . Christianity 
spent the day sitting in a waiting room with people who smelled like goat meat . 
Is watching the sun rise over the gulf . And still hurting . 
No offense palin supporters , but this isn't american idol you're voting for . I got a straw poll for ya , mavericks ! ;) 
SPANKED that EMT final , baby ! 
Secular progressivism is a frustrating mess 
Needs a hug , stat . 
the agenda : class , kahlua and forgetting ... new phone # tomorrow 
bustin ' a move on this Thanksgiving menu . 
last night's french bread pizza is this morning's lament . Yuck . 
@ rescue squad til 3pm ... Give or take a seizure . 
can't feel at home in this world anymore . 
is glad to finally be home from the fire dept meeting that started at 6pm !! lol 
I think I'm drowning 

asphyxiated 
I wanna break this spell 
that you've created 
you're something beautiful 
a contradiction 
I wanna play the game 
I want the friction 
you will be the death of me 
is past it . quit asking . :) 
Why is it all my friends appear to be sleeping in while i'm busting hump ? I need me some of that social justice ! 
Is being ridiculed for pursuing a career by a professed underachiever ... Wow 
One day you'll see the clear blue ... 
Grilled mahi mahi with gingered peach salsa and red rice pilaf . Pwned . 
is tired of beer guys with champagne taste in women when I'm a Boone's Farm girl at best . 
Had to go for a walk just to get back to sleep at 2 this morning , turned around and got up at 630 and still can't get my mind to slow down . Anybody got an anti red bull ? 
BOATS & HOES !!! 
Pretty sure i made a certain little girl's day :) 
Moving day starts as soon as i get home . I'll be one tired puppy tonight . 
Needs a babysitter next week . Anybody know where I can get one of those ? 
finally got all this music burned , and made blackened chicken alfredo and asparagus for my babies . :) 
Îtime on him . 
Is mad that dvr keeps ' forgetting ' community 
Is the posterchild for tmi syndrome . 
Got that Registry number , Baaaaaaybeh ! 
Slingin ' some rock today . 
Is @ the ER mucking about in fluids . Who wants in ? 
Is gonna have to take a mulligan on those turkey burgers . Ashes to ashes ... 
yard work is flippin ' exhausting . Long week of being fabulous ahead of me . 
Is bummed about the way this weekend turned out but still got to act like a child 
Doesnt appreciate your miley cyrus grin . 
Someone wrote " wally " on my passenger side window with their greasy finger . Vandals are getting lazier and lazier ... 
Kinda wants to hit the reset button on this day . 
needs prayer in a huge way . 
Wants that sweet prison gig 
No man is an island , but I sure feel like one without my cell phone . * emo tears * 
Somebody please put a boot in that orange butthole calling itself governor of florida 
ich 
bin untröstlich 
" Early and provident fear is the mother of safety . " -edmund burke 
Knock on small towns all you want , I don't know what i'd do without springs like this . 
Passed all her practicals in one shot ! I realize that may not be a big deal to all , but i'm allowing myself a victory fudgesicle ! 
after all these years and the vast schism between our beliefs , I still find Jon Stewart insanely attractive . * sigh * 
Mom's tests coming back kosher so far ... looks like I'll be bouncing between hospitals tomorrow ! 
Alex city @ 6 am and i am still not asleep ... This is either really bad or really good . Lol 
I know what I want . I want little fat kids with snub-noses . 
Studying in a crowded waiting room ... Joy ! 
Just passed thru tigertown , vastly behind schedule 
Is about to abandon myspace for good . 
Is moving forward with some degree of trepidation . Observe and report inspired me , what can i say ? Lol 
Please keep in mind that if you vote in the Dem Primary , you swear the following oath which forbids you from voting for a GOP candidate in November : 
" By casting this ballot , I do pledge myself to abide by the result of 
this Primary Election and to aid and support all the Nominees thereof in 
the ensuing General Election . " 
... I wonder why the GOP doesn't feel they need to resort to these tactics of coercion . 
Really appreciates not being called out on the obvious today , even in the presence of irrefutable evidence . That was a truly kosher thing to do , and any kindness done to me shall be repaid :) 
Someone opens car door . Same someone is expected to CLOSE car door . But no ... leave car door open . Run down battery . Much more fun-makings now ! ( grr . ) 
is weedeating and getting ready for the park . Hooray for Sundays . 
makes better fried rice than the Chineses . 
Had a great time at the Emergency Responder shindig . Won a free night @ Cheaha and was blessed to see Davey in his adorable pink hat ! 
ER all day tomorrow . 7a-11p . Wish me luck and mad energy . 
has GOT to stop chickening out when hot nerdy guys flirt with her !!! Epic fail , Amanda . ( PS I can ride my bike with no handlebars , Kristof ) 
wishes she coulda gone to Florida with John and David ~ hope you guys had a safe trip ! 
Has ten hours to go . Koo-koo-kachoo . 
Five hours ... Huzzah . 
Today may have been a net loss , but was not without some bright spots . Goodnight all & God bless you . 
Is sooooo done with being @ this doctor's office . Going on hour 4 now ... Sigh . 
Early and provident fear is the mother of safety . 
Happy birthday steve-o ! 
ER was a definite experience . Thank god for another day ! 
... That your hand would be upon me ... 
Day got off to a rocky start , but turned out beautiful . Feeling oddly bereft over the end of EMT-Basic , but was consoled with good friends , good music and ... guns ???? LOVING the way someone upstairs is looking out for me !! 
* sigh * 
is loving this wind ! Bald Rock feels like an aerodynamics testing tunnel . 
Why am i on my way to florida with a final exam in the morning ? Ask Him . 
is tired of so many African-Americans giving Obama the rubber stamp treatment . 
Single by calculation . 
Mom was admitted @ Russell , please keep her in your prayers . 
Is @ the park . Swingin ' . 
Victory ! The Dasinator slept from 1925 to 730 this morning . Got so much sleep i felt like singing and cooking pancakes before work ! 
The ones I want are always taken , and the ones who want me are always underaged . I give up . X_X 
Is ready to go camping ... Woot 
Tried on class shirt . Drank protein shake . Saw bobcat . Got the okay to say mom had a health scare today and is at hospital . Keep praying , you guys . 
Oh , sweet tea . You're my only friend 
Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful women I know with jelly/syrup/spit-up somewhere on their persons at all times . Love you all ! 
Screw it , i'm going back to bed 
If anyone ever tells you prayer doesn't work ... punch them in the kidneys . I got my miracle today ! 
!!! ..... just ..... !!! 
Can't believe she is sweating this ... 
Stuck at home today with apparent 24 hour bug . Also , discovered an allergy to my daughter's bubble solution . It's gonna be a long one ... 
even Jack Johnson cannot salvage this day . 
is doing some political research today . please bear with me :) 
Has a few suggestions for illinois : clean up the corruption in public safety , don't penalize law-abiding citizens wishing to bear arms , and bring obama home and let him deal with chicago . Leave our soldiers to defend rather than mend holes in your failed local governance . 
actually feels really pretty today . 
n the eyes of God ? 
Good call , Coppermine . Lol 
May actually get to sleep ... Sometime around saturday night . I am a ball of nervous energy ! 
got caught jamming in the truck to Sublime with a mouthful of York peppermint patty in the Kiwanis Club parking lot . 
Is praying for Dr. Bentley . " Surely a wise and discerning people is this great nation " 
Got us lost in childersburg 
Is apparently the only person in the world who likes the new ozzy song 
forgot what a good movie ' The Sandlot ' is . 
No more perpetual reticence : everyone make sure to catch chris matthews ' " documentary " Rise of the New Right . I personally believe msnbc's acknowledgement of the coming revolution to be a heartening development . 
Should have married Michael Wm . Bateman a long time ago . 
Bedroom floor . 
Could someone please explain to me your ever present lack of speed ? 
Henceforth , I refuse to provide my identification at traffic stops , military checkpoints AND the voting booth , as I feel this requirement is a violation of my human rights . I cannot abide being profiled as a Native American/Caucasian . 
is spending a much-needed day frolicking with Dassi . 
I'm sorry to all if I remain on my BP tangent , but I was born on the Gulf and my family lives there . So ... chew on that . 
Apparently a piece of my hometown is burning to the ground . 
is tired of paying for someone else's problems . 
actually has to work for a living today ... wtf is that about ? 
If 75 in a 55 is wrong , why does it feel so right ? 
 was Superwoman this past weekend . Almost a month's grocery shopping done , church , a baby shower , an ill-fated trip to Lowe's , saw my favorite person , got 
The census is driving me banana sangwiches ! 
is a little disappointed and a lot angry with herself . 
Buck Ofama 
My current mood is : Soundgarden-Spoon man 
Does not appreciate redundancy . 
Is normalcy such a bad thing to ask for ? 
Editorial Note : My current mood , in fact , is Amy Winehouse- Me and Mr. Jones . 
The world's a rollercoaster and i am not strapped in 
Want to say Happy Birthday to my little sister Lydia , and congratulations to my homies that have passed NREMT !! Like Ice Cube said , it was a good day ... 
My current mood is : Radiohead- Creep 
got the sweetest kiss in the world today :) 
REMEMBER : The race for GOP Governor is not over !!! Still showing my support for Dr. Bentley ! 
Was ready for this weather :) 
checking out Greg Varner's Twitter interests , and what do I see ? Why , he's following David Roodman of the CGD ! ( That's Center for Global Development , children . The same CGD which advocates for the Obama agenda to redistribute wealth ) . 
While I'm not a fan of guilt by association ... this is interesting . 
Bout to shower , grill some tilapia and have me a mario kart grudge match . 
Is having the worst day in the history of days 
Just cried in front of a room full of people at work . Yet another smooth move on my part today . 
Loves the word ' irascible ' 
Is getting her head bitten off left right and center . I'm retreating to my cave with a box of triscuits to watch the primary returns . 
Finally found Dassi boo's flower girl dress !!! SOOOO excited to see her face . 
Rainbow in the dark is on 105.9 . Lighters up , people 
Trying to avoid going to the hospital 
 = e a comeback . There are only a few glimmers yet , but this must be what it felt like to witness the demise of disco . One day they'll call this the disco s 
My current mood is : Jason Mraz - You and I Both 
 ? ïherwise having your affections unreciprocated : i love you and God loves you . Happy Valentine's Day . :) 
 ? Mrpetuation of romantic myth . 
VOTER TURNOUT IS LOW ~ Have you done your civic duty today ? 
Sober obsequious shenanigans . 
Finally done with work ... Can you BELIEVE obama ? 
Rip dennis hopper :( 
Am I the only one going to the First Responder Appreciation Day or what ? Let me know . 
Wonders if she put a line from ' sad but true ' in her status how long it would take metallica to pull it down . 
looks like there are 3 times as many democrats registered so far as there are republicans in my precinct , and I'm hearing reports of this from disheartened conservatives all over the state . But don't worry- that's only because most the Democrats don't have JOBS . We'll show later today . 
My phone crapped on my heart . Literally all my personal files were wiped including contacts . Y'all know what that means .... Message me some numbers please . 
Softball at lighthouse baptist was hilarious . Dassi scored her first run ! :) 
You and i are like oil and water , and we've been trying ... Trying to mix it up 
Still recovering from the big day in ATL . Sensible shoes , people . Sensible shoes . 
Never thought i'd say it , but i'm tired of the storms . 
There's good attention and there's unwanted attention . And somebody unleashed the hounds today ! Eek ! 
My current mood is : pussycat dolls - don't cha 
Praying for david on his hike 
Is in line to catch either a break or a beatdown 
xis and Braden ! 
To the left : assuming you all caught the commander in chief's oval office address , do you feel abandoned by your Kenyan yet ? 
Someone was in my house while i was at work today . Consider me freaked out . But freaked out and armed . 
You speak in riddles , your intentions turn me old . I'm yours forever , will you love me when I'm gone ? -- It's a photograph discovered a decade after , It's a cannon blast disguised as a firecracker , It's enough to bring a brick wall to its knees ... Please . 
Is building a treehouse . Hoo-rah ! 
Is prepping some zucchini parmigiana for tonight . 
On my way to florida , leaving my alabama problems behind 
Shall eat nothing but pickles today . taking one for the team . * gag * 
Please note : Amanda doesn't * LIKE * H.R. 1955 
[ 110th ] . She just wanted to recommend this " light reading " assignment . 
" If you're headed in a sexy direction , you better use contraception , cause babies destroy your dreams " - lawl 
Made homemade hotdog buns and beat Pandemic II 
just MacGyver'd a poor dog's profusely bleeding elbow with some witch hazel , cayenne powder and petroleum jelly . Now off to clean the kitchen floor . Yuck . 
My 
email was hacked today , and pretty well ravaged . All my archives were 
deleted and my contact list was decimated . Therefore , treat any email you receive 
from me with caution for a while . Grrrrr . 
is watching Dassi play with Amber's pregnant belly . lol 
My current mood is : Adele- Chasing Pavements . Also thinking I need a girl's night pretty hardcore . 
Wants to know ... what happened to real men ? 
Is headed to florida thursday , back by saturday 
Look , just tell me where that lemon came from and I'll shut up 
and go away . 
Must have done something really horrible in a past life . Cause it feels like i'm paying for something lately . 
It's BRINNER TIME !!! 
I've never before dreaded a 4th of July ... 
sick . just ... sick . I have never before slept 21 hours in my life and hope never again to repeat this experience . 
  an epic painting project underway , got my hurr did , truck cleaned , took das to play with friends and managed to cook two very decent meals in between . F 
ÃIf life were a romantic comedy , i'd be the bride's kooky friend who everyone is always setting up on blind dates and all secretly think will turn out to 
í a lesser concentration of babies in your womb these days ... " 
I had dinner cooked for me for once , AND got to see a movie in its entirety for only the 3rd time since my daughter was born 3 years ago ... I must be cashing in some good karma . 
How long should one wait after a breakup to date again ? I'm just curious , as my opinion seems to differ from my ex boyfriend's . 
I just put the Dasinator to sleep with my singing . Not sure whether that's good or bad ! 
This is my final fit , my final belly ache 
/With the exception of a room or two , the house is starting to reflect mine and dassi's tastes . After the work i put in today , it'll be a break going back 
just found out dassi has " the chicken pops " 
I ... Respect the Tiger . Ugh . 
Is ripping out that page of her life she's been stuck on . 
Is ready to kidnap Ricky Gervais for her personal amusement . 
Is nursing a sick kitten . Happy Birthday , Monday . 
Ugh . Why is Chris Cornell such a sellout ? 
Why 
do so many local married women seem to have a problem with acting like 
it ? If you wanna be single ... STAY SINGLE !!! I would gladly trade places with one of you ! 
VOTE TODAY !!! VOTE LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT , CAUSE YOU CAN BET IT DOES !! VOTE BENTLEY !!! 
åThis goes down in history as the best gas station pickup line ever : Ma'am ( removes hat ) , I just wanted to take a moment to express my condolences , and i 
L'Shana Tova !! 
It's official . My phone hates me . My current mood is : Audioslave - I Am The Highway 
Looking to buy a relatively inexpensive dryer in good working order . Anybody knows something , let me know . 
I have Red Tide of the sclera . 
Wants a Maine Coon SO BAD !!! 
just finished making homemade cranberry sauce , 2 lbs of fudge and a pumpkin cheesecake . Somebody deserves a hug ! 
No matter what you do tomorrow , VOTE . Every registered voter who doesn't show up to the polls is a bullet in an angel's head . And that's a cold , hard FACT . 
Ugh ... goodnight . 
Trying to get jacked on redbull and emergen-c . Lol 
Cramming for the National Registry Exam . 
FINALLY about to get some rest . All thanks to God for a beautiful holiday and the chance to see so many people I love . 
" ... Because there's nothing a woman likes more than watching a guy learn tabs " 
bought a lot of winter clothes for Dassi , had dinner with my babies and ready to tuck in and watch Robin Hood with the rest of the crew . 
3 hour diet , how i hate thee ! Thou hast inconvenienced me for the last time ... That is , until 9 pm . 
It's Registry day and my brother Zach's birthday today !! Here's hoping both go well ! 
Late to bed , early to rise ... Making up some MORE FOOD for a good cause in the morning . Cragford Corinth volunteer fire department annual breakfast . 
Just watched a falling star land about 500 feet from my truck ! 
Had a great time yesterday & last night but on second thought , pizza was a bad choice . Ugh . 
this year for the first time since 1999 ! 
Headed home after a weekend of exceptional brevity . 
I'm forgiving myself . One cannot be mature every day . 
War is the Question , The Answer is YES . I applaud and accept the responsibility of Revolution laid forth by the Declaration of Independence 
Would like to thank everyone who came out today and made our breakfast and the yellow dot signup a success ! 
Migraine . :( 
MSNBC is coming down hard on Sarah Palin for " undercutting " the State Dept tweet directed at Ahmadinejad which suggested he celebrate his birthday by freeing two American hikers . ... How is it that ALL parties involved seem oblivious to the implications of a State Dept which dispenses jibes masquerading as foreign policy in 140 characters ? 
If I hadn't made me , I'd be more inclined to bow . 
Powers that be would have swallowed me up 
But that's more than I can allow . 
Shabbat shalom ! Ready for painting this weekend . 
Yup ... I respect the Tiger . 
8orning . Broke before I even get paid , and ready to sleep and cuddle the weekend away . 
Ready for some snow !! 
Trying to :) when it's a :( kinda morning . 
 = re encouraged to initiate conversation and then display utter disinterest . Or stalk me on facebook ! ;) 
Cannot be the only person who finds the smell of bleach comforting . 
/ to my day job in the morning ! 
Dear Barry Obama : Where is my laundry day bailout ? This sucks . 
This about the time things started looking up for me last year . Here's praying for the emergence of a trend . 
It bothers me when one person judges another man's acts of faith . Who are these people who consider themselves able to discern what is or is not worthy i 
I guess when you're single a bigger house just highlights your personal loneliness . 
Darn you , java monster . You know what you did . 
Anybody else noticed how Glenn Beck and the like have taken all these Tea Party patriots and led them right back to the Republican Party ? The Two-Party system IS a totalitarian system . Wake up . 
Pretty sure i'm developing bronchitis . :( it's always something on the weekends . Off to medicate with some emergen-c , coconut yoo-hoo and Anchorman . 
For anyone askin , i'm in pc . 
Finally going to bed and hoping that CERTAIN PEOPLE keep their grubby fingers out of my work . 
 ? ried , doing drugs and a deadbeat father to 5 children , and an abusive closet drunk . No , i think i've settled enough for one lifetime . 
I tell you this because i love you : if you're thinking of putting mint mocha syrup in your coffee , make sure it isn't hazelnut flavored first . 
Taking a shower , getting ready to meet you know who at you know where . :) 
" Times are gone for honest men , and sometimes far too long for snakes " 
Sprite mostly , but sometimes i feel like a vodka 
It's snowing on my truck already , and i'm wearing a scarf for the first time in my life . Out of necessity . Ugh . 
Is on the sixth day of a grilled cheese sandwich kick . Only thing missing is a juicebox and naptime . 
is carving pumpkins with Dassi , listening to some DMB and wishing someone would bestow upon her an N64 ... feeling retro . 
Needs to get out of her own head . Who wants to meet up tomorrow ? 
Not a fan of impossible situations . It feels like my stomach is whitewater rafting without me . 
hates Chris Way for reminding her of simpler times . 
As offputting as they sometimes are , i can only hope to one day be in a relationship as fiercely loving and committed as the one between my two gay dogs . Lol 
" Just because you're offended , doesn't mean you're right " -Ricky Gervais , you are still my hero . 
Church , shower , then Home Depot . And my toes are freezing ! 
" Wanted freedom , bound and restricted , i tried to give you up but i'm addicted " 
 = tick era . Lol 
I'm tired and achy and nauseous , with a grilled cheese fixation ... Oh no . I think i'm sympathy pregnant for @Amber Clay 
Don't you dare come to bed with that ambiguous look in your eye 
I'd sooner sleep by an open fire and wake up fried 
Happy Turkey Day , all ! <3 
 = r boobies ; employment preferred but not required . Martyr complexes , delusions of epic heroism , unsubstantiated claims of badassness , narcissism a plus . 
My current mood is : DMB- Fool To Think 
Dinner went GREAT tonight ! With the exception of an anonymous soul who watered down my gravy , I could not have asked for a better payoff for all this work . Would definitely be happy to host again ! Love you all ! <3 
Almost just backed into ex gov riley . Lol 
Lives to see another Enero . Praise HaShem ! 
Oh , this weekend ! I need a firm slap in the face and a stern talking to . 
Needs sleep and ginger ale and a reality check . 
I don't use the word hate lightly , but I HATE Wells Fargo . 
I suppose chubby single mothers make easy targets . lol 
I refuse to watch any televised programming which features any place with a current temp warmer than 32 degrees . I will not subject myself to such torture . 
Headed south on 231 , tricks . With my good friends Dr. Pepper and Mr. A-Z . Ready for spamalot with @Christopher Way . 
Has had a wonderful day . Got to spend some time with my grandparents , Debbie L . Zintel Migliori & John Migliori , Josh and Amber Clay . Ready for that Cragford Corinth VFD Breakfast in the morning ! Everyone who can should come out ! 
 ? MInstead , ended up having my very own " he's just not that into you " moment . To memory , i've not been this sprung in ... Ever . Damn you Hallmark and your pe 
is flipping sick again . 
3 fire calls today ? Really ? Can't wait for April ! Great job , Clay Co . VFD's . 
For every evil under the sun , there is a remedy or there is none ; If there be one , try to find it , If there be none , never mind it . 
QMost days it's just straight tequila , and sometimes i almost feel like settling for rum or even vodka , but at the end of the day what i really feel like 
feels AWAKE today ! 
 = I could almost swear that someone , well meaning or otherwise , has posted an ad for me on eharmony that reads : single mom age 24 , with nothing better to d 
spent the night stripping and boozing . ( DIY Beauty Night ) :p 
Needs to stop obsessing over minutiae . 
As it turns out , will NOT be spending my valentine's day eating chocolates and watching He's Just Not That Into You . :) 
So everyone knows , the 
clip I shared is a GAG . SEC Guy is a DJ from Houston . 
How sad is it that the people at Oregon's Sports Radio 95.5 ' The Game ' 
can't find any real " crackhead moonshine cousin-datin ' rednecks from the 
South " to take on ? I guess , like the PAC-10 , they prefer to take the 
easy ' win ' . 
... Everytime the wind blows everything you don't know turns into a revelation ... 
!!!!!!!!!!!!!! UGH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! If it isn't one phone headache it's another . AT&T credited my balance to someone else after they SOLD MY PHONE NUMBER ! WTF ??? 
speaks most emphatically when she says she is ready for this weekend . 
Just scrubbin ' in for brain surgery ... you know how I do . 
Ãstache . 
^merican's hand to sending 50 cents of my dollar to some poor soul in the third world with UN stipulations attached . I am so tired of hearing what a worth 
ÎI think i am finally ready to date again . But i have decided that henceforth , there are three words i must hear a guy say before i commit to spending my 
has friction burns on her hands from work today , the day off tomorrow , and every intention to have a beer tonight . 
It is the lamest of all things lame when you are unfriended simply for being busy at the holidays . I hope I didn't offend anyone else . 
Has dothan always been such a dumpster fire , or am i romanticizing my childhood ? 
 ? Let's see . I've been with a pathological liar/cheater/porn addict , a mama's boy who refused to move out of his parents ' house , a guy who was secretly mar 
Is " board " . 
Happy birthday to my Irish twin , David !!! 
Been a long time since a mood like this . Just bought a new pack of pens and i'm ready to put a burden on this ink . 
I once loved Mythbusters . That was , before I discovered that O (' Holy)bama challenged them to bust the Archimedes myth THEY'VE ALREADY DISPROVEN ... and they accepted ! This takes brown-nosing to a whole new sad level . Besides , don't Obama et al , already have a Death Ray ? 
These late nights are gonna catch up with me . At least i hope this one will . 
Misses 
the days when Halloween was on HALLO-frickin-WEEN ! I'm tired of the 
bible/school/football " police " scrambling up calendars so that some kids 
miss the boat . I'm preemptively moving Christmas to the following Thursday . Consider yourselves warned . 
Was forced to use the men's room , and can i just say ... Eww ? 
íFriend quote of the day comes from Drew S . of Destin , FL who writes : " don't you worry sometimes that you could get pregnant by osmosis ? I mean , there IS 
successfully pulled off Gluten-free Russian Tea Cakes !! A glimmer of good news today . 
Dear Pandora , please explain to me how Muse = All-American Rejects and Jack Johnson = U2 . Love you much , Amanda 
married to the game . ( right , Kyle ? ) hahaha 
^Charity is every man's onus . It is a beautiful thing , and should be given as well and as often as possible . But i prefer putting a dollar in a homeless a 
^less , greedy nation we are . It's pure propaganda . 
8Finally saw Despicable Me with Das Kinderjuden last night and I must admit , it made me a little weepy . Then stayed up against my will til almost 4 this m 
Has had a wonderful day . 
Good call ... 911 ? 
Knockin ' off early for shabbat .... Doin ' it Schindler style , baby . 
Short of instances of full-blown tragedy , I don't think there is a lower feeling than " late to work " . 
Rosemary mint shampoo makes me want to live in my own hair . 
Ãbe a lesbian , but winds up catching the bouquet at the end of the movie ... Only to be suggestively leered at by a guy in a polyester suit with a 70's mou 
Never shine your light where you're not prepared to cast a shadow . 
Ready for a sleepless weekend . 
Goin ' to work this morning and i read all roads have been declared ' Impassable ' at AL State Troopers . Eek ! 
There's a pretty fantastic chemtrail display here in ashland . 
Sitting in the er with miss das . 
Home @ last ! 
Thanks for the love , hugs , lunch , beers , laughs and birthday wishes , everyone ! While it may still be too early to call , i think i avoided the bday curse 
Zachary Levi . 
What if i say i'm not like the others ? 
" As if i needed another reason to love Ryan Kwanten ? " 
Spamalot even better than expected , ( thanks chris ) now i get to see my baby brother and sisters ! 
Running super late and hope you see this ! :/ 
If you ever want somebody to look at you like you are the height of lunacy , order a kid's meal when you have no kid with you . 
Ready for shabbat already ! 
åhope you'll pass them on to your husband . -huh ? - i believe he lost his wife today . 
Q prospectus on this venture was not positive . Attendance is mandatory , and it is suggested that you conduct a thorough inventory of your cubicle prior to 
Was thoroughly impressed with spamalot 
Mmm .... Tastes like victory and iced coffee . 
QDear Winter , At your earliest convenience , please contact me to schedule a chat pertaining to your future with my residence and/or place of business . The 
/While you await your refund check ( and don't get me wrong , i am too ) consider this quote : The average age of the world's great civilizations is about 20 
Need to find a good home for a 3 month old black Labrador/ pit bull mix . Turns out he isn't " mixing " with my daughter , and she now has the elmo bandages to prove it . He is otherwise affectionate energetic and loyal . Would make a great guard dog for a family with no small children . Breaking my heart , but I would feel better if I could place him with someone I could trust . Let me know if that's you or someone you know . 
Just got rear ended by an old lady who looked me dead in the eye , smiled and drove away . All i can do is laugh 
I've got an angel- she doesn't wear any wings ; She wears a heart that can melt my own , she wears a smile that can make me want to sing . 
Anybody know how to clean suede shoes ? 
My current mood is : Amy Winehouse - Valerie ( lol ) 
Downing lots of agua and green monster juice this morning . Pwnage requires hydration . 
What's on my mind ? ...... Seven . 
Q this appointment . 
My current mood is : Kanye West - Heartless 
Subway bills itself as a healthy fast food alternative , then sells danishes ? Unfair , subway . Shenanigans are afoot . 
/pendency back to bondage . -can't remember who said it , but i think it's apt . 
If jack lalaine is gone , it's not lookin ' good for the rest of us , is it ? 
You're like the film that coats my teeth in the milky wake of a bowl of fruit loops . 
I guess life is handing me limes at present . 
Is having some pretty epic veggie lasagna for lunch . 
+me to prove that you've come back here to rebuild 
Wearing wet pants in the cold =/ = fun 
Baruch atoh adonai elohainu melech ha'olam for bringing me some more clement weather ! 
Heaven send hell away , no one sings like you anymore ... 
Didn't expect to say this , but i'll actually be missing bay county for a while . Northbound on 231 already . 
When sickness turns my ego up , i know you'll act as a clever medicine . 
I need a red bull in a serious way . 
Somebody send me some firewood and fried pickles . 
Qis a gin and sprite . 
.. What you were gonna say , but were afraid to cause dismay- your lyrics switched around , the mixture watered down and now a pointless display .. 
} private message it becomes public knowledge . How i used to live without this idiocy i will never know ! 
Proud to have a governor who prays . 
My current mood : Foo Fighters- Best Of You 
My current mood is : Deftones- Engine No . 9 
 = o seeks male age 19-39 with little to no verbal or written communications skills , whose interests include video games , football , excessive drinking and/o 
Yay , washer ! 
My current mood is : Regina Spektor - No Surprises ( Radiohead cover ) 
I'll tell ya , God is my homeboy . Baby boy is gonna make it . Just a dislocated hip and mild head injury . I'll get him back from the vet in the morning ! :) 
/0 years . They have progressed through the following sequence : from bondage to spiritual faith , from faith to great courage , from courage to liberty , from 
Diet's finally doin what it's supposed to ! Meanwhile , Cosmo's hot weight loss tip this month : replace food with water ..... no thank you , fembots . 
My current mood is : Bel Biv Devoe - Poison 
/ liberty to abundance , from abundance to selfishness , from selfishness to complacency , from complacency to apathy , from apathy to dependency , and from de 
Dumbfounded . 
 = So there i was driving along , relating to a song on the radio i probably have no business relating to , when i realized ... I think music is trying to stag 
* This IS about the time things started looking up for me last year . Here's praying for the emergence of a trend . 
... You make me feel like i am free again ... 
Is the not-saying-baby champion of Amber's shower ! Lol my feet hurt . 
Finally had a chance to be the truest version of my self with someone . Not how it's supposed to be but definitely how it's supposed to feel . 
Headed home before this stuff can refreeze . 
Hulk mad 
Some cheat day . I'm the one who got cheated . Ugh . I earned my sleep today . That being said , Kyle Brown is the best driver in the world . Lol 
Cialis soft tabs . I'm gonna give you all a moment to let the reality of that sink in ........ 
Flat chested ladies , i hope you thank your personal god every day . I hate clothes shopping . 
Unintentional but much needed late night . 
Nevermind . Heard my good luck song ! Sweet Caroline ... But it was a mashup with Push It -don't quite know what to make of that . Lol 
Just untangled a fawn from a fence on the way home from class . As someone who believes in signs , i'm feeling pretty good right now . 
}Thank you , facebook mobile , for assigning the same stupid number to both my brother's inbox and some random person's status , so that when i try to send a 
Nix that plan . Brush fire . I just put turnout on over a dress for the first time . Not recommended . Lol 
So distracted i have missed two turns in a drive i make at least 8 times per month . 
 ear me yet ? 
Just met this dude who looks/talks/acts like the real life Rene Lenier ! 
Is loving this wind . 
My current mood is : DMB - Crash Into Me 
The most hilarious thing just happened on Cragford Road . 
Paul Rudd's eyes , Greg Kinnear's smile , Ricky Gervais ' unapologetic wit , Michael Buble's voice , Jason Mraz's swagger , Alexander Skarsgard's shoulders , John Krasinski's lips and chin , Russell Brand's openness , Jon Stewart's brains , Glenn Beck's eccentric streak , and Harrison Ford's chivalry . #build -a-man 
coulda used about 6 hours more sleep this morning . suckin ' it up and headed to work :) 
Eagerly expecting . :) 
+But i'm warning you , don't ever do those crazy , messed up things that you do . If you ever do , i promise you i'll be the first to crucify you . Now it's ti 
Just when i think i've figured out what mcdonald's can't screw up , i order a fruit and walnut salad that turns out to be fruit and walnut wine . Lunch fail . 
Sometimes exercising my better judgment just wears me out . 
Just wants to say real quick how much she loves all her brothers and sisters . That means you , David , Josh , Zach , Stephan , Shayna , Cody , Lydia , Lauren , Le 
Had better spend the day well away from any writing implements . My current mood is : Michael Buble - Cry Me A River 
My current mood is : Amy Winehouse- Tears Dry On Their Own 
Ladies and gentlemen , Cheat Day is upon us . Got my heart set on a sexy little cheese danish up the road a ways . ;) 
Low pulp , low pulp , low pulp ... Low pulp . I need high pulp , damnit ! Lots of gobs of heaping pulp ! 
My new phone has officially departed from Fort Worth , TX . Victory is nigh . 
Long day for a firebug . Ready for tea and sleep . After we rewatch Evolution . 
Hate the player . The game isn't across town with another woman right now . 
 ? ºI am a one way motorway , i'm the one that drives away then follows you back home . I am a street light shining , i'm a wild light blinding bright , burning 
 ? ºoff alone . I am a new day rising , i'm a brand new sky to hang your stars upon tonight . I am a little divided , do i stay or run away , leave it all behind ? 
Black tea on an empty stomach was never a great idea . 
12 hours of sleep in the last 84 . This can't be good . 
Planning out this florida trip @ end of february . Looking like a saturday 26 thru monday 28 scenario . Mark your calendars , bay county . 
you're just too good to be true ... Can't take my eyes off of you . ( New phone is here ! ) 
hoping this is nothing sleep can't fix 
my currnt mood is : metallica - sad but true 
Surely they can come up with a charge more substantial than Criminal Mischief . Where are the charges for this asshole's endangerment of the public ? 
my daughter woke up and conned me into a snack . Now she's trying to shove cookies in my mouth that taste like lightly sweetened modeling clay : X 
my current mood is : Muse - Stockholm Syndrome 
Enjoying the guts out of this beautiful day and getting ready for the fire dept banquet tonight . 
Loud music and hydration . Preparing for pwnage today . :) 
making pita pizzas with Dassi and considering getting my hair cut . Somebody talk me down . 
weight watchers ' breakfast quesadilla , you complete me . <3 
there's not a pill in this world that could stop my head from spinning right now . Overwhelmed . 
Headed out before this gets ugly . Sounds like a good excuse for Laundry Day . :\ 
The stars are bright tonight , the crickets are back out , life feels pretty good . And I just wanna tell all my friends and family how much I love you :) 
Stupid after market anti-theft system . Going by the end of the month to see if @Brian Andrews can beat this crap off of my truck . 
:D 
Work all day , class all night . Yay . :P 
Sun shining , Jack Johnson playing , life being amazing ... 
Sooooooooo tired today . 
It may pass , but I am considering a new tattoo ( Let the verbal backlash begin ) 
 ? ïUndoubtedly , there is a rush that comes only with the unabashed love of a good man or woman . But there is also a rush that comes only with the unwavering 
The world's a rollercoaster - and I am not strapped in . Maybe I should hold with care , but my hands are busy in the air ( Wish You Were Here ) 
Loving all the wind tonight ! :) 
You know your kid is a blessing when she delivers the biggest , sweetest hug ... when she doesn't even know how bad you need it :') 
Loud music and cleaning ... my form of meditation . 
Adapt , Improvise and Overcome . Cleaning and then hitting the gym harder than Bobby Brown hit Whitney . 
Cherry .... ish . O_o 
 ? ï confidence that you can make it on your own and that love will find you . To all my friends getting broken up with , cheated on , betrayed , neglected or ot 
fulllllll turnout . XD 
Exhausted from training today !!! Made a fool of myself , but I learned alot ! Thanks to everyone who volunteered their time today ! :) 
slept ALL WRONG last night . back is killing me . So much for a restful weekend , eh ? 
reflections on this morning so far : my forearms are slowly turning to rocks , and I miss 1996-1999 R&B . 
Veggie burgers and getting my mind off of what can't be changed 
" There is a sacredness in tears . They are not the mark of weakness but of power . They are messengers of overwhelming grief and of unspeakable love . " ... Washington Irving 
( Thanks , Jon , for letting me steal this ! ) 
2 years since and it still seems like just yesterday that we talked over pizza . I miss you , Daddy . :'( 
Forgot just how much I love Godsmack ! Positivity ftw 
I'm reminded of the phrase : " Never make someone a priority when to them you are only an option " 
RIP SFC Tony Klump . The world lost two good men February 28 . 
Tired , hurting ... must be time for work . lol 
Taking a personal day . Will be out of touch via phone until there is news . But I love you all . 
The worst luck today . Truck decided to quit on me in front of the ATM !! Lol anyone wanna share a ride to class ? 
9,969 minutes never felt so long . lol 
steak dijon wraps ... Dassi is inhaling her second !! I think my little girl is going through a growth spurt . 
I <3 Matt Bellamy 
it's truly amazing the gullibility I can exhibit at times . 
just witnessed an orthopaedic surgeon job hunting ! Wtf 
Can feel my dad with me today :) 
my current mood is : Cranberries-Linger 
I want to have Chris Wolstenholme's musical babies . XD 
Just got herself a big ol bitchslap of truth this morning . :\ 
... but I see my little curly headed angel laying there in her curious george pajamas and I know I am headed in the right direction no matter what . She is my due North :) 
Either the best or the worst is coming ... TBD 
Cleaning , cleaning and more drinking ... I mean cleaning ! XD 
This is one doodle that can't be undid , homeskillet . 
I love you , David , Josh , Zach , Stephan , Shayna , Cody , Lydia , Lauren , Braden and Lexis ! So proud to have such wonderful brothers and sisters ! 
Not feelin terribly hot today . ugh . 
Got my $9 Alabama refund today ! w00t ! 
Is apparently the only person not doing Zumba . 
“Have you ever been in love ? Horrible isn't it ? It makes you so vulnerable . It opens your chest and it opens up your heart and it means that someone can get inside you and mess you up . You build up all these defenses , you build up a whole suit of armor , so that nothing can hurt you , then one stupid person , no different from any other stupid person , wanders into your stupid life ... ( 1 of 3 ) 
You give them a piece of you . They didn't ask for it . They did something dumb one day , like kiss you or smile at you , and then your life isn't your own anymore . Love takes hostages . It gets inside you . It eats you out and leaves you crying in the darkness , so simple a phrase like ' maybe we should be just friends ' turns into a glass splinter working its way into your heart . 
It hurts . Not just in the imagination . Not just in the mind . It's a soul-hurt , a real gets-inside-you-and-rips-you-apart pain . I hate love . ” - Neil Gaiman ( 3 of 3 ) 
efffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff 
Taking the night off from Facebook and considering an even longer hiatus . If you need to reach me you can do it the old fashioned way ... text me . lol 
Nothing is miserable unless you think it so ; and on the other hand , nothing brings happiness unless you are content with it . 
Anicius Manlius Severinus Boethius 
No . Sleep . Till Brooklyn . ... or at least Atlanta lol 
To the batmobile ! ... or airport , if you wanna get technical . :p 
In Orlando ... yup . 
Home and loving it . 
I don't have a boyfriend , I just know a guy who would be very offended if he read this . 
Not ready for this day , I'm pretty sure . Had to peel myself out of bed . 
Sometimes ... I just don't get how I incurred this karma . 
can only hope to one day be as glamorous as some . 
" Go to your profile . The first five friends on your sidebar are your team for the impending zombie apocalypse . How screwed are you ? " 
hmmm ... Spadian Kerberos Abaddon , Rusty Newman , Spenser Gavin Nicholson , Casey Kelley and Jason Black ... Hell yeah ! I like my odds ! 
Catching up on ' House ' and thinking ... and overthinking .... some things . 
All that is waiting for you won't come any closer - you've got to reach out . 
@work and messed up on mucinex d . How lame is that ? 
Nothing to it but to do it . 
Has a pretty big crush on Michael Weston . 
sexy the way I am and done with anyone who thinks differently 
Trying hard not to be in love with you ... 
my life is getting expensive :'( 
~ Ms. Bossy ~ 
My life is getting expensive :'( 
Working my knuckles off today 
Keep repeating Psalm 121 in my head ... 
lots of people talkin , few of them know - the soul of a woman was created below 
is in love with the Chicago dog at Sonic ! 
Has a morbid fascination with nicki minaj 
somebody freeze my ass in carbonite cause it looks like I'm solo again . </3 
Shooting at Southern Union , 7.4 Mag Eathquake in Japan and a ' Complete Government Shutdown ' looming large ... can't figure out if this is the Matrix or I'm being punked . But I think I prefer Morpheus over Ashton Kutcher . 
Wisdom from the unlikeliest of sources : The truly generous share even with the undeserving . 
my hair is now a kind of violent shade of red . That is all 
Missing him :/ 
hates trying to wrap her head around something when her heart is already made up . 
Is not going to be emo over a guy today . Lol ( happy ? ) 
I apologize for the moody status updates . Funny thing is , it's not even worth it . I just need to get out of my own head and over this . Plenty of fish ... 
skinned my ankle up going down the slide @ the McDonald's playplace . Dassi got a good laugh though . 
there is nothing I hate more than when my daughter catches me crying . 
Life is becoming a little less exciting by the day ... and maybe that's for the best . 
Feeling old after a week of work and three trips to the park . 
Will soon be changing her number and culling her friends list . Be advised . 
" Be very careful when you make a woman cry , because God counts all her tears ; For Woman came out of Man's rib . Not from his foot to be walked on , nor from his head that she be superior ... but from his side to be his equal , under his arm to be protected and next to his heart to be loved " -Talmud 
.... I just want someone to say to me " I'll always be there when you wake " ... 
Even if Mr. Right came along with a factory warranty right now I would be reluctant ... 
" How could barbecue nachos possibly be a bad idea ? " 
Thank you , Nabisco , for the complimentary Monsanto seeds attached to my box of Triscuits . If I wasn't going to start an urban garden before , I sure am now ! 
 ? rIt's just a rant kinda day ... Can someone explain to me how highly paid physicists come to the conclusion that it is safe to sequester carbon by pressuri 
 ? rzing and pumping it into Earth's mantle ? ... and yet we are baffled by the increase in global seismic activity ? Reeeeally now ? 
How many times can i break till i shatter ? 
Ready to start this weekend ! Who wants to hang tomorrow ? 
To that special mistake in my ife : Thank you for showing me just where my backbone was located . :) 
My current mood is : Soundgarden - Burden In My Hand 
Rest In Peace Kevin Thompson 
Therefore I am well content with weaknesses , with insults , with distresses , with persecutions , with difficulties , for Christ's sake ; for when I am weak , then I am strong . 
Note to a particular new friend : If you're going to post something to my wall , make sure you have the conviction to leave it . Even if you delete it , I have email receipt ;) 
feels sick as 2g1c today ... ugh . : x 
Irks me a little that the same George R.R. Martin who wouldn't let fans write fanfic is now letting HBO butcher the series . Way to go , sellout . 
" i am the highway " on the radio ... ... and my night ends on a high note . :) 
p.s. ... four loko . 
poor vulture with a jacked up wing is hanging out here at work . Anybody need a pet ? :/ 
My daughter cooked for me for the first time ! She made me eggs with chili and cheese and some asparagus ! Awwwww 
God bless the countless families throughout Alabama and beyond who were and will be affected by yesterday's storms . 
Friends are going to network and pull through this aftermath . If you know of any reclusive people in your community , however , consider that they may not have the same access and opportunities . Especially the elderly . If you're aware of anyone who fits this description , let me or someone else know . There has been an outpouring of aid in Northern Alabama , it just needs to be pointed in the direction ! :) 
BARACK OBAMA DOES NOT CARE ABOUT WHITE PEOPLE /kanyeface 
When donating goods toward the tornado relief effort , please keep in mind that there are infants impacted as well . Formula , diapers , etc are being grossly overlooked !! 
To the jerks claiming that Wednesday's tornado in Tuscaloosa was " revenge " or " karma " for the poisoning at Toomer's ... You are sick , sad and COLD . 
Would like to know why supplies are being STAGED at Maxwell . They STAGED plenty after Katrina too that never made it to anyone , that's why you can buy FEMA trailers for $10 now . Homeland Security has facilities right here in Calhoun Co . Afraid of actually HELPING ? Also , didn't FEMA just spend $1B on MREs and Port-a-potties for The Great Central US ShakeOut ? Can they not be repurposed and MOBILIZED ? ( 1/3 ) 
What a coincidence , FEMA stages a disaster drill for April 28 , ties up at least a Billion in taxpayer resources and then FAILS to deliver during an actual disaster THE SAME DAY ! ( 2/3 ) 
It's not George Bush who doesn't care about Black people or Obama who doesn't care about White people ... IT'S GOVERNMENT WHO DOESN'T CARE ABOUT THE * AMERICAN * PEOPLE WHO FILL IT'S COFFERS ! But it's not our money they're courting anymore . So send the aid to Japan and China , right ? But hey ... if they'll turn their backs on SOLDIERS to play political games , does any of this really come as a surprise ? ( 3/3 ) 
Got stranded at home today , so I am working on a portrait of Michael C . Hall as Dexter and thinking of trying to auction it for the relief effort . 
Dude ... Osama Bin Laden is dead ? Pour one out for one's homies . 
Obama releases his birth certificate , kills a terrorist and aids in a National disaster all in one week ? I'm calling shenanigans . Watch this joker get re-elected . 
Bin Laden QUICKLY ' buried at sea ' before positive identification on American soil ? DEFINITELY calling bullshit . Wow ... SINCE WHEN IS THIS THE WAY WE DO BUSINESS ? 
" Finding a country willing to accept the remains of the world’s most wanted terrorist would have been difficult " the official said . So the U.S. decided to bury him at sea . Uhhh ... We would have taken them !!! 
more drone trails today ... more tstorms tonight . And the beat goes on ... 
Dear God , I want to thank you for my beautiful child , my yummy bowl of Froot Loops , and a government so adept and efficient that we hardly even notice how adept and efficient they are ! 
Day with the family ... and hopefully at some point a 3 Musketeers Truffle Crisp . It's a shameful addiction . 
??????????????? ????? ???????????????????? 
? ? If you have an amazing MOTHER , put this as your status ? ? 
??????????????? ????? ???????????????????? 
Sick again , it seems :( Just remember kids , a boom box is not a toy . 
Alfred ( Michael Gough ) died ? ALFRED ? Seriously ? And not a word was spoken ... shame . 
I've carried my child within my body , Slept with my child on my chest . I've kissed little toes & wiped away tears . I've been puked on , peed on & spent sleepless nights cradling my child , but I wouldn't have it any other way . My body isn't magazine perfect , but when I look in the mirror I see a MOM , and there is no greater Honor , Love ..... or Blessing !! Post this as your status if you are a Very Proud Mom . 
Helpful suggestion of the day : When you're caught , that's it . Just give up . Or risk looking like the world's biggest asshole . 
And thus , my epic weedeating is rewarded with a giant bowl of broccoli and cheese . 
