is so happy it is raining ! 
is LOVING the fact that she doesn't belong to a school this summer 
ok my number today was 123 , i have 23 notifications and 233 live feed things . REALLY ! LEAVE ME ALONE ! 
dropped of her grad dress 
heading off to killbear than the family reunion !! 
is REALLY pissed off 
any man who thinks they can describe love clearly knows nothing about it . 
woke up at 12:30 this morning . :P 
just got back from " The Proposal " which is hilarious ! 
never call on evil spirits with a ouiji board . they are very uncooperative 
sometimes assumes she has more freedom then she actually does 
needs alexa to get off the phoe so she can call her ! 
back from camping and currently at her grandmas 
with Wifey 
loves her hair now ! 
saw G.I JOE last night !! 
so it turns out the race is on Sunday ... 
JAMIE WAS HERE !!! 
just got back from pot fest !! hangin with Alexa the love of my life <3 
Watch the beauty of all our lies passing right before my eyes I hear the hate in all your words . all the wars to make us hurt We get so sick of so sick , we never wanted all this Medication for the kids with no reason to live 
is back from the cottage ! 
finished in the middle ! :P 
how big do you think an owl would have to be to carry a cat away ? :S 
FEARFEST TIME ! XD 
how is it that whenever I get mad at you you turn it around so I feel like crap ? 
I'm sorry for somethings but not all 
leaps are my new favorite thing to do XD so much fun ! 
lol best night . " no , this is how we solve our conflicts " :P 
is toasty warm :D 
me+ my brother+trampoline = disaster waiting to happen 
handing out those candy grams tommorow ... 
legs are like jello nuked in the microwave . ( srry meg's sister :P ) 
who else can hurt themselves putting stickers on merchandise ?? 
so bored , have like NOTHING to do 
finished my lion . rawr ! 
can't feel her legs 
don't talk and text unless you are experienced , or you WILL get hurt . ;) 
So , a man walks into a bar with a monkey . I forgot the rest of the joke but your mom is a whore . ;) 
had SO much fun :P 
doesn't understand her stupid math homework >:( 
is so tired of this >:( 
listening to bohemian rhapsody :D 
? ??????? •- best discovery i have made out of bordem ! 
goin to the library tomorrow ... havent been since i was lik 9 :P 
my glowstick just oozed on me ! :S sux 
I hate the world today . You're so good to me , I know . But I can't change . Tried to tell you , But you look at me like maybe I'm an angel underneath . Innocent and sweet . <3 Meredith Brooks 
listening to Average Man <3 
loves how no matter where you go EVERYBODY knows the lyrics to " colt 45 " :P 
lol best school day ... :P 
worst day of my life 
Ive never kissed a sweeter mouth . Ive never been swept away . Its what dreams are made up of . Dont you know I could not survive . Without you in my life . I would die for you . <3 love every song by her <3 
is sick on Halloween :( 
I hate the world today . You're so good to me , I know . But I can't change . Tried to tell you , But you look at me like maybe I'm an angel underneath . Innocent and sweet . ? Meredith Brooks 
marissa's turn , short but to the point and 100% true-Marissa " Jessie is easy to tackle ! Its cuz he suffers from manorexia :P " Marissa May Smith <3 LUV YA like only a canadian could :P 
" I've spun an elaborate web out of my life in the hopes of catching an occasional glimpse of you and your friend in the hallway . " - Joe <3 you are my idol 
yorkie , it's NOT for girls 
I's tired of looking for reasons when there aren't any left to be found 
was technically only at 1 1/2 classes today 
<3 inside my head your voice is still resounding , but what can I do ? Empty rooms feel cold when I'm so used to being with you . <3 
Let's get wrecked on poptarts and sex and see the taj-mahal . <3 ;) 
What if it was you ? You that I needed all along . I felt like a fool , kicking and screaming and pretending we were wrong . <3 motion city soundtrack 
Cheer up and dry your damp eyes , and tell me when it rains . And I'll blend up that rainbow above you and shoot it through your veins . Cause your heart has a lack of color and we should have known . That we'd grow up sooner or later cause we wasted all our free time alone . <3 owl city 
perfect examples of how opposites don't attract , they just ruin eachothers lives 
lol best parade night ever :P 
needs her glue sticks :P 
just got a nosebleed getting out of the shower . i got dressed one-handed though so its all good ( Y ) >:( 
last night I fell in love without you . I waved goodbye to that heart of mine , beating solo on your lawn 
The only verdict is vengence ; a vendetta , held as a votive , not in vain , for the value and veracity of such shall one day vindicate the vigilant and the virtuous . Verily , this vichyssoise of verbiage veers most verbose , so let me simply add that it is my very good honor to meet you and you may call me V . 
I can figure out the point of anything Just not as quick as I can mess up my life . With all my dreams hooked to hospital machines , I think , " Lets try redefining beautiful . " 
<3 If you cut me I suppose I would bleed , the colours of the evening stars . You can go wherever you wish , cause I'll be there , wherever you are . <3 
+ Alexa-Backpack Lloyd YellowPants + hot french guys having a pushup competition + completley hammered guy in the girls washroom = ALMOST perfect night <3 :P 
I can figure out the point of anything Just not as quick as I can mess up my life . With all my dreams hooked to hospital machines , I think , " Lets try redefining beautiful . " 
umm wow , thnx ...? 
My brother got his G1 :P hes driving like a grandma down the road :) but a grandma who has their license , don't worry ;) 
So one day he found her crying , coiled up on the dirty ground . Her prince finally came to save her , and the rest you can figure out . But it was a trick , and the clock struck 12 . <3 
has to find another jacket for tonight because two douchebags stole her other one >:( 
tries to follow her heart but her head just won't shut up for long enough :P 
i thought i saw a sign , somewhere between the lines but maybe it's me , maybe i only see what i want . i still have your letter , just got caught between someone i just invented , who i really am and who i've become . <3 
If your heart wears thin I will hold you up , and I will hide you when it gets too much . I'll be right beside you , I'll be right beside you . I will stay , nobody will break you . Trust in me , trust in me , don't pull away . <3 Beside you- Marianas trench 
TAKE THAT FLUTE ! damn straight finally made a sound :) my life is complete 
got her hair done , its not gross looking anymore :) listening to oldies night on the radio :D 
If you want to play it like a game Well , come on , come on , let's play . Cause I'd rather waste my life pretending Than have to forget you for one whole minute . 
The longer I hide behind these lies , the more I disintegrate . So much to say , but no words to convey ; the loneliness building with each passing day . But I never get used to it , you just have to live with it . 
may be going to see " where the wild things are ...? " 
Can you take me back to the person I used to be , Back when you were there for me . I know it seems like forever but do me a favor please , Way back when we were stupid , Held grudges just to help us sleep . Oh my god , how ridiculous were we ? 
how could it have gotten this bad between us ... 
it seems like everyday I end up doing something wrong . so fine , I give up . Everything will probably work out better without me anyways . 
I don't mean to run . But every time you come around I feel more love than ever . And I guess it's too much , maybe we're too young and I don't even know what's real . But I know I never wanted anything so bad . I've never wanted anyone so bad . 
vita non est vivere sed valere vita est <3 
blueberry <3 
" I feel like I stalk you . " 
" IT'S CALLED BEING BEST FRIENDS " -Dawn Murphy , AKA-Dawnadra Cirpci :) 
" hey did you see the burning of Donald Trump last night ? " Dawn Murphy 
< comes at me for the slasher . hits nose and eye > 
" owww my faaace ! " 
" omg stop being so dramatic " -Dawn Murphy 
" im good at being the rapist ! " -Dawn Murphy 
why don't you just eat a baby ? -Dawn Murphy 
For the first time in a long time I can say that I want to try , 
to get better and overcome each moment 
in my own way . 
I'm not saying that I'm giving up . 
I'm just trying not to think as much as I used to , 
Cause never is a lonely little messed up word . <3 
" I love going first . First is the worst . Oh wait no fuck ! " -Dawn Murphy 
Theres no turning back now , so take your best shot ; Its all that you've got . Wouldnt quit with the pressure , You know im never gonna be defeated . This is a test a wake up call , And a mission to tall . Shock to the heart blow to the head . You said , You said : That this is just the beginning of the end , But I swear , I swear Ill never let you get to me again . So just walk away now . ? 
You ever love somebody so much , 
you could barely breathe when you're with them ? 
You meet , and neither one of you even know what hit them 
Got that warm fuzzy feeling , yeah , them chills , used to get ' em 
Now you gettin ' fuckin ' sick of lookin ' at ' em . 
fear fest tonight avec Alexa Ogilvie-Robinson et Sherri Patterson :) gonna be a funn nightt ;) <3 
so ... with the same amount of money we spent on the G-20 summit for security and useless things , we could have had it on the space station ... 3 times . o.O fail ? i think so . 
thank you Kalen Holst you make my day ;) 
got a puppy ! :) <3 
watching a wiener dog run is the best thing ever :) 
Taking everything for granted but we still respect the time . We move along with some new passion knowing everything is fine , and I would wait and watch the hours fall in a hundred separate lines ; But I regain repose and wonder how I ended up inside <3 
homecoming , homecoming , homecoming , homecoming <3 
Paranormal Activity 2 ? uhm ... HELL YES ! 
Montana Wheeler is gorGeus and I love her long eye lashes :) 
Would you mind if I pretended I was someone else , with courage in love and war ? I use to think that's what I was , but now this lying hurts to much , and I don't know what for . <3 
loves self defense classes <3 :) 
<3 football <3 
obviously I should have known that an interviewer would ask me if I'm Italian ^_^ 
mines blue :) 
ran full force into a subway entrance . it lost . :) 
I can't do this anymore . I can't pretend that I'm fine with it when all it does is hurt me and I can't live in a lie . sorry . 
of course I come in to save the day at the last minute with a shotgun . thats just my style ;) 
I will not make the same mistakes that you did . I will not let myself cause my heart so much misery . I will not break the way you did , you fell so hard , I've learned the hard way to never let it get that far <3 
nosebleeds may you please leave me alone ? that would be greeeeat 
fails at starting blocks ( Y ) 
we had a zombie awarness evacutation at school today ... scary stuff :) 
There's still time to turn this around 

Should we be building this up 
Instead of tearing it down 
But I keep thinking 
Maybe it's too late . 
at classics conference :) finally finished failing all my academic events . tommorow i get to fail in athletic :) ( Y ) 
proudly repping Maggie's sticker :) litterally made my day :P 
placed in hurdles ! :) 
I'm so emo , I cry tears of blood -.- definatley going to the docotrs sooner than later :( 
It's just a hop to the left ... 
thanks for all the birthday wishes guys :) lol and the embaressing songs in class ... made my day :P 
Im a loooooser ! derga derga ;) 
am regaining feeling back in my arms :) 
apparently i need to get blood work done -_- 
open mic night tommorow with Montana Wheeler , Emily Simms , and Danielle Poitras :) <3 
Back from Groundswell with Emily Simms and Montana Wheeler . nice adventures walking down the street ;) 
I love Montana Wheeler and our Wednesday weight room/water fountain routine :) <3 
So raise your glass if you are wrong , 
In all the right ways 
I Hate the World Today . 
You’re So Good to Me , I Know 
But I Can't Change . 
Tried to Tell You But You Look At Me Like Maybe I’m An Angel Underneath , 
Inoccent and Sweet . <3 
- I <3 Ron Weasley 
WTF i want to feel an earthquake :( 
oh vanilla coke . i missed you :') 
leaving for a week . camping than dancing in Ottawa <3 
no more beach tommorow :( 
Maybe I know , somewhere 
Deep in my soul 
That love never lasts 
And we've got to find other ways 
To make it alone 
of course we pick the campsite next to the pot heads . what else is new ? :) 
camping <3 
This thing is breaking down , we almost never speak . 
I don't feel welcome anymore 
Baby , what happened ? Please tell me 
' Cause one second it was perfect 
Now you're halfway out the door . 
has a cigarette looking burn on her back . no idea how I got it :P 
back from Sauble with Montana Wheeler :) awesome day 
He can't see the smile I'm faking 
And my heart's not breaking 
Cause I'm not feeling anything at all . 
Conor Cicci has finally gotten his morphsuit :P oh dear god :O 
has had my picture taken multiple times today by a bunch of random tourists , lol I love Ottawa :) 
HAPPY NEW YEAR !!!!!! hanging with Emily Simms and Danielle Poitras :) awesome start to the new decade ! :D 
lesbian vampire killers <3 
sleepover avec Alexa Backpack Lloyd YellowPants tonightt <3 
" Miss are you taking my picture ? " 
" hmm ? Oh yes I'm showing my daughter . " 
poor guy at Cosco . being stalked by costumers :) 
just an ordinary day of mopping my walls 
I think that it is safe to say . my cat is obese 
has anybody ACTUALLY even used the stupid friend finder ? 
cardboard , masks of all the people I've been 
thrown out with all the rusted , tangled , dented , god damn miseries . 
trick or treating is more fun the older you get ;) 
internet is working again ! :) 
I am a big fat looser , I like doing homework on the table too ! ;) 
you’ll always be my hero , even though you lost your mind . 
has finally joined the large group of people who own a cellphone ;) 
next semester : math , science , civics and careers , gym . anybody ?? :P 
just sitting here with . Kalen Holst 
is currently typing from her new lap top :) love you Mary Cicci <3 
shopping at upper canada with my sister , Montana Cicci Wheeler <3 
Tequila <3 
" okay so Jackie's kids sit over here and Dean's boys sit over here " ... right so I'll just sit on the floor I suppose , seeing as I don't exist in either family anymore >:( 
