I can do this !!! Days run so fast ... =) It will be all right ... I know ... 
" Malalaman mo lang na ayaw mo na sa taong gusto mo , 

kapag nagtext cia ............. 
pero di kana nagmamadaling lumabas ng bahay para magpaload ... " 
hehehe :D 
" When your dreams turn to dust , vacuum ... " :D 
Lesson Plan mode :) -- Busy busyhan ... 
Rereviewhin n nmn ang report sa Social Dimension hahaha forgot ko na haha 
A loser becomes bitter when he's behind and careless when he's ahead ; a winner keeps his equilibrium no matter which position he happens to find himself in . 
:) 
Answer ACCEPTED ! :) 
Busy doing ribbons , and designing graduation program ... :) 
You may not be beautiful , but you can always feel beautiful ... 
Haha :D 
I said " Go away " but what i mean to say is " please stay " ... :( 
I look at you as if you are nothing , but deep inside , I'm loving you more and i can't help it . 
I should say " goodbye " but can I replace it with " see you again " ? 
Not feeling well ... :( 
Nakakalungkot naman ... Iiwan ko na ang mga students ... Pero pupunta talaga ako sa graduation nila !! Nakakalungkot lang talaga pag narinig mo yung salitang ' goodbye ' .. I hope when I see them again , lahat sila successful , sana din , di nila ako makalimutan :( Bittersweet . 
All my students cried . they sang " how did u know ? " " greatest love of all " and " glowing inside " . then suddenly I cried while delivering my last mssg to them ... Hindi nako makapagsalita sa pag-iyak , auko talagang umiyak , Pero masyado ko na-feel how great I am to them :) They love me , and I love them too ! Grade VI-A class of Mayao Crossing Elementary School , you're the best ! ;) ! 
OJT is over . 
When temptation strikes , be reminded of this ... 
Col . 2:21 : ' do not handle , do not taste , do not touch ' , so you wont fall into the pit of the devil's scheme ... 
I went back to Mayao Crossing Elementary School again to finish all the requirements in compiling my portfolio . I was then walking , and before I reached the entrance gate of the school , my beloved students shouted " Ma'am Lea !!!! " .. I greeted them back , but I don't want them to go awry . So I quietly pass along the classroom , they were all surprised & excited ! I can't help , they missed me so much , very much ... :) 
April 4 will be the start of the summer class for toddlers and kindergarten . So before my graduation day , I'm a real busy teacher already :D I'm excited ! :)) 
MSEUF Forever :)) 
;') keep smiling .. 
How can I catch it , when it's not even falling ? = i 
We are NOT living in order to work , but rather we're working in order to live ... 
September 20-22 , 2010 ... Oral Defense ... Sana matapos na lahat ... ndi lang matapos , kundi maganda sana ang resulta ng mga paghihirap ... Sa lahat ng magdedefend , wag nio hayaang ma-fail ang lahat ng efforts ... Kaya ntn yan ... Lahat tayo dadaan sa kakaba kabang yugtong ito ... 1st batch , wag nio icpin mga manunuod ... I believe we can all do this ! ;) 
' Expectation postponed is making the heart sick , but the thing desired is a tree of life when it does come ' 
-proverbs 13:12 - 
Oral Defense ... already finished ! Success !!! " If the child achieved something and has been recognized by others , he will feel the success and the need for power was being satisfied ... and with that , the child will be motivated to learn , and perform better in school ... " Accrdg to Choice Theory ... Tapos na nga pala ang defense , nagdedefend pa ko . haha ... Love this tiring day ... ;) 
I don't want to talk when I'm mad , I just CRY ... 
TRUTH is more important than FACTS .. 
THANK YOU ! I feel very blessed . They've given me so much love and support , so i should do the same 
thing and share to others the blessings that i am receiving . I realized it's merely the attitude that matters 
most . You have an excellent grade , yet if you forgot to bring yourself 
the good attitude with you , it's all a waste of time . Application is more 
important than what is written on the script . 
HUMBLE person accepts and tries to improve to become better ... 
He never says " I am who I am ! So be it ! I can't change anymore . " 
Well , how can you say that you are learning when you're not changing and improving ? 
Remember , You can only be cured if you know how to accept things . 
Congrats Philippines ! Venus Raj got fourth place in Miss Universe 2010 ...! But we are very sorry for what had happened to the chinese families because of the hostage drama happened yesterday ... Hope it won't affect our good relationship to them ... 
Whenever i close my eyes , it's like that i am watching t.v. ;) When in fact , i am not fond of it .. Hey , It's more than watching t.v , it's the power of my imagination !! ;] 
When you have control over your thoughts , you have control over your life ... 
When you have control over your emotions , you have prove yourself a matured person .. 
;) 
Still out of town spending my vacation here in Manila with my family & relatives . Have fun ! -- Manila , Cavite , Tagaytay -- :)) [ Full Sched ] Yay ! :)) 
Complete :) :) :) 
And 
Blessed :) :) :) 
Is it possible to see the impossible ? ;)) 
Our prime purpose in life is to LOVE others ... But , If you can't love them , at least just try not to hurt them ... 
" Also , that the soul should be without knowledge is not good , and he that is hastening with his feet is sinning . " -- Proverbs 19:2 
-- DON'T HASTE -- 
Coz " For everything there is an appointed time " ( Eccl . 3:1 ) 
Vamos a graduar pronto , vaya maestros ! :) 
You can't share any thing if you have nothing to share ; You can't love others if you can't love yourself ; You can't be good to others if you can't be good to yourself ; You can't show respect , if you can't respect yourself ... 
The point is : " Start with ourselves first before anything else . " 
Ang paalala ay gamot sa taong nakalilimot ... ;) 
Encode ... Encode the questionnaire ... [ not feeling well ] ... but i need to do this ... I need to attend classes tomorrow ... I need to go to my research locale after Madam have signed the letter ... I need to report immediately in Teaching Profession , as well as presentation in Astronomy ... 
Pressured !!! I must not be sick ... ;( 
I don't need the world , but he whispered ... " the whole world will be yours ... " :) <3 
Whatever my hands ' power can do , I'll try to compensate :) 
" Consequently let him that thinks he is standing beware that he does not fall " ( 1corinthians 10:12 ) 
And yes , " the spirit , of course , is eager , but the flesh is weak " .. ( matthew 26:41 ) .. 
I know God is there to back up .. =) 
Angels will someday bring you here the time i never expect you would come .. :) 
Easy is to judge the mistakes of others . Difficult is to recognize our 
own mistakes . It is easier to protect your feet with slippers than to 
cover the earth with carpet . 
I suppose to ignore it , but my manners doesn't allow me to .. 
It's NEVER easy to teach something you yourself can't apply . Rather teach yourself first and do it as you said before anything else ... ;) 
Being in the right side doesn't give you the position to hurt other people .. And being in the position doesn't give you the right to hurt people though .. 
=) 
If a problem can be solved , no need to worry about . If a problem cannot be solved , what is the use of worrying ? ;) 
THANK YOU Okeregbe Friday ... Some traps are in a form of ' blessings ' , and I must be more careful with that than with the form of ' Attacks ' ... :D It's not the blessings that are evil . It's solely depends upon us on how we let those blessings control us . We must be the one having control over it , so it would be blessings from above , and not ' blessings ' from evil one . 
After the climax ( chapter 4 ) , I am now moving on to the resolution ... -chapter 5- :)) 
Exams were already finished , nothing to worry about the thesis thing since I've already submitted it on the original date which is considered advanced . So tomorrow , it's gonna be my rest day ... Rest means cleaning , preaching , and looking forward to reading and writing about anything . Hehe :) 
I don't like to over react with situations happening around . When it's not getting right , I keep silent ... When it upsets me , I think positively to make me feel alright ... I tried to reason to myself ... There are times I feel I have to relinquish . But when I think of the important persons in my life , -that thing keeps me going- ... I need them , and I know they need me ... So I must not give up ... ;) 
Even in my dreams , your face appears unclear ... 
Coz your voice is the only clue .. the only thing that makes me imagine the whole you .. =[ 
Migraine often visits me .. ;( 
Tomorrow's gonna be a busy day again .. = i 
My mom said I am trusthworthy and diligent ... My little sister said I'm a good example ... My teacher said I'm bright , while others said I have a good personality ... Thanks God Jah , I am blessed with everything together with these kind of people around who knows how to appreciate the real me ... ;) 
It's like that i've already sang almost all the songs .. already seen almost all the sceneries in the world .. But , if you're nowhere , it's all worthless .. Coz the reason behind all of these is you .. 
You'll be respected not because you achieved so many things , nor because you're in the highest position or you're ahead of us , but because you know how to respect others too ... 
If you could only fight , it would never be hard for me to fight .. 
Those fears won't help . 
Learn to take courage ... 
There's nothing to worry about ... coz I'm just here , waiting for you to come . Waiting for you to see things unsaid be clear and real . 
Thesis mode .. 
* don't disturb * 
I love my lenee bunso ! <3 
It's the start of something new !!! : D 
Gotta perform it now ...! ;) Think positively ...! It will all turn out well .... 
Thank you ma'dam ... You always appreciate me ... 
I want you to know that I am appreciating you too so much . 
Can I have your brain ? You're very intelligent ! But still very humble . 
THANK YOU SO MUCH ! 
You alwAys make me feel good inside ... ;) 
I thank you for everything ... Sincerely ... with all my heart ... Madam ... 
Back to work again ;) 
Hope I get well soon ... ;( 
Done with my instrument ! =) Go on ... I'm almost there ... weeeew ... I can see myself done with these ... 
;( 
Birds of the same feather flock together ... 
Same with people who gossips a lot surely are with gossipers too ... =) 
right ? or right ? hehehe ... 
I love to write , write , and write ... but It's late already ... I must go to sleep ... ;( 
Besides , I must be working on my questionnaires first ... 
Thesis mode again ... 
CHAPTER 4 ... 
moving forward ... 
This is the climax ...! =) 
The best theory is the simplest .. 
Make sense ? 
Hate rejection ? Ok .. No problem .. Accept .. 
But accepting the truth hurts most .. 
Just like accepting the words " rejected " .. 
Hehe . 
research ... research ... research ... 
books ... magazines ... journals ... newspapers ... articles ... 
full load ! haha 
Quality matters most than quantity .. :) 
They're both QUALITIES ! ;) 
Already finished with my thesis chapter 2 ! ;) 
TOLERATING is NOT Love ... but a pretentious love ... 
MSEUF means so much to me ... 6months na lang , lilisan na tau .... ;'( Yun ay kung makakalisan ! hahaha ... ;D 
Practice Teaching na .... :D 
" At first , I think of taking the psychology course ... But then I realized that pure psychology only talks about psychological principles and theories , but Education is an applied branch of psychology in which we can apply the psychological principles and theories to modify behaviors of the students . ” 
Studying the System of Education in India , hehehe ;)) It's not good to just idle ... I must work , work , and work ... It feels so good to work ... ;) 
" please bare with us ma'am " ... hahaha ... dapat " please bear with us " hahaha patawa talaga ... hubadan ang labanan ? pinaghuhubad ba nmn c ma'am hehehe ... 
Dry cough ..! Huhu 
If you could fight against your heart , you could also fight against the world ... 
Dr. Phil's Personality Test -- My Result : The Careful Plodder . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/834/referrals/status?aid=1848210220 
Hindi na ako aalis sa Enverga ... Doon na ako ... Doon na doon na forever hehehe ... :D 
" Dry-run " challenged me a lot ... Nervousness won over me ... huhu ... On actual defense , I would not let it happen again ... Now I know , haha ...! Hope i can do better . 

- " TRUST LEA . I TRUST HER . YOU SHOULD TOO " - 
[ an encouraging words from her ; words running inside my head ] 
Thank you ... ;) 
Sometimes I do not believe in myself . When in fact , the only problem is that " i do not believe " , and not " myself " ... 
Muntik nakong masuka nung defense sa harap ng panel ... buti napigilan ko ... hehehe ... 
Yehey , may gana na ulit akong kumain ...! Simula dry run hindi nako makakain . Laging nasusuka kahit gutom . Ngayon , tapos na talaga ang oral defense ! Makakakain nako ng hindi nasusuka at hindi puro tubig lang hehehe ... Tapos i-treat kami ni papa as a reward daw para sa good grades ko sa defense ! Yehey , super hapi hapi ...! 
Don't fall in love , Fall off a bridge ... It hurts less ... :D 
" For if anyone is a hearer of the word , and not a doer , this one is like a man looking at his natural face in a mirror . For he looks at himself , and off he goes and immediately forgets what sort of man he is . " 
-James 1:23 -24- 
" Wherever you go , whatever you do , I will be right here waiting for you ... Whatever it takes , or how my heart breaks , I will be right here waiting for you ... " 
( just singing ) 
I may be very careful with every thing , but it doesn't mean I'm afraid to sacrifice and lose . I only want to take things seriously with purpose , avoiding selfish reasons and repeated mistakes , to give the best things that I can for others , and of course considering what GOD may feel to all the decisions I make in different situations . My decisions are always selfless -- always for others ' concerns ! 
The 
day before yesterday held the 3rd Regional PAFTE and Quiz Bee in LCC , 
Lipa Batangas : NICE !!! Congrats to Hezron , Sha , and She ... Then Yesterday and Today ... I experienced handling Grade IV class as a substitute teacher of Sir Ryan for two days ... :D Very tiring but happy ... Now I know how it is ... to be a REAL teacher ... :D Then now , experience in UST is approaching !!! :D Go Go Go !!! 
Practice Teaching na .... :D 
" At first , I think of taking the psychology course ... 
But then I realized that pure psychology only talks about psychological 
principles and theories , but Education is an applied branch of psychology in 
which we can apply the psychological principles and theories to modify 
behaviors of the students . ” 
= = Mentors are psychologists too = = :D 
Very Highly Evident and Strongly Agree ang Tensyon hehehe ... Go lang at matatapos din yan ... Pag actual defense na , after 30 minutes , tapos yun ... hehe ... 
Defense na ... ;) Tuloy na Tuloy na ... hehehe 
I love UST ! :) 
" How do you heal a broken heart that beats like it will never beat this much again ? Oh no ... I just can't let go . How do you heal a broken heart that feels like it will never love this much again ? Tonight I hope it could be right . Tomorrow I pretend to let you go ... " 
[ Singing ] -- but feeling it as well ... = I 
You don't have to always selfishly insist what you want . Sometimes , you have to learn to like the decisions of others and to adjust respectively , as long as it's still fair and for the better of many . Sharing suggestions strengthens the decision . But always keep in mind to respect others no matter what happen . Learn to eliminate put downs especially when you're on your way sharing yours . 
When I start to feel that I am not important to a person , I take the initiative to stay away ... So when that someone feels that I'm quite far , it doesn't mean that I intentionally left the person . Maybe I just felt that the person doesn't need me at all ... 
Can't wait ... Can't wait ...!!! :) Happy Sembreak ... Hahaha excited ? Nagulat kasi ako sembreak na pala next week ... ang bilis ... hindi ko ramdam sa sobrang busy cguro ... :) Next week pala tapos na ang paghihirap ng first sem ... bye bye first sem ... Hi to second sem ... hehehe ... 
All things placed at the top tends to fall and drop ... Because gravity attracts objects of mass toward each other ... Same in life ... 
" Whoever exalts himself will be humbled " - Matthew 23:12 
On the other hand , when we choose the lowest path , there's no place to fall and the only way is up ... :)) 
Had a fruitful day today as I finished working on the application for graduation and the university clearance . What's in my mind right now are tomorrow's challenges that would confront me before I graduate lols ! Application and clearance were already done but challenges are still there to accomplish . Hope to adjust soon with my new routine & new community . Have a great day to all of you practice teachers . 
They are calling me MA'AM SABEL ... chos ! haha . 
I'm happy whenever I read all my statuses here in my FB , from the time I made this account til now . I love reminiscing everything that happened to my life , and the challenges that I had been through , and how I reacted to those hehe , especially the hardships and the successes , as well as the sad and happy moments . My public diary ! :) 
Whenever I see that person , my heart leaps with happiness , and whenever people around talk about her , I'm proud ! She's very great ! I admire her so much ... :) She's like a mother to me ... I hope to see her soon again ... Don't know why , but I feel it to her ... like a real mother ... I miss her . 
At first day , I'm less concern and adjusting . Next day I'm an observant , Third day I'm an active assistant . Fourth day , I'm a beginner teacher . Fifth day , I'm a concern teacher . Sixth day , I'm an experienced teacher , and seventh day I'm a great teacher ! :) 
“The dog has returned to its own vomit , and the sow that was bathed to rolling in the mire . " -- 2 Peter 2 : 22 
Happy to have a little brother ! -- Jun Gil ! :) 
I miss my students . <3 
A painful truth can be said in a way that does not injure . :) 
I may be afraid but I always try and never give up ! :) 
I may look weak , but once I speak , I really do ... 
I may be shy , but when in need , I always lead ... 
" She's so lucky , she's a star 
But she cry , cry , cries in her lonely heart , thinking 
If there's nothing missing in my life 
Then why do these tears come at night " 
- " Lucky " by Britney Spears- 
( So True ) ... 
Nice ( Russian ) movie ... " Black Lighting " directed by Timur Bekmambetov ... =) 
??????? ??? ???????????? ?? ????????? ???????? ?? ???????? ???! ??? ?????? ?? ?????????? ??????. 
Instead of asking " What are the proofs that God exists ? " ... Ask " What are the proofs that God doesn't exist ? " :) 
" So faith follows the thing heard . " - Romans 10:17 
" While we keep our eyes , not on the things seen , but on the things unseen . For the things seen are temporary , but the things unseen are everlasting . " 
-- 2 Corinthians 4:18 
It's difficult to walk backwards because our feet are meant to make us move forward ... 
Life is always better if we see what's ahead than look at what's left behind ... 
So forget bad pasts , bitterness , grudges , hatred and pain ... 
Move on . 
Forgive . 
Forget . 
Love ... 
Smile .. 
As in the Proverbs 4:25 says : 
" As for your eyes , straight ahead they should look , yes , your own beaming eyes should gaze straight in front of you . " 
Night Owls ... =P 
" Hindi naman manhid ang isang tao ... Hindi niya lang kayang intindihin ang mga bagay na hindi mo kayang diretsuhin " ( nabasa ko lang ) hehehe ... 
Just got home from a review ... Sir VillaEsther ang galing galing tlga ! Dami technique natutunan sa Math ! Hehe Enjoy na enjoy ang review ... :) 
Lea likes * MATHEMATICS * =) 
" The phrase * working mother * is redundant . " :) 
-- Jane Sellman 
Do you already have FB's new feature which includes music player and falling snowflakes and hearts in your profile ? This is cool ! :) 
[ l13 ] 
Erik Erikson , kahit kelan di mo nako binitaw bitawan ! XD 
The most profound statements are often said in silence ... =) 
* PHILIPPINES * and * FILIPINOS * =) 
GOOD NIGHT everyone !!! =) 
WARNING MY FRIENDS ...... Facebook has changed and said nothing . Take a look at your URL ( top box on your screen . ) If you see " http " or just " www " instead of " https " you DO NOT have a secure session & can be hacked . Go to Account Settings - Account Security - click Change ( edit ) . Check box ( secure browsing ) , click Save . FB has automatically set it on the non-secure setting ! Do everyone a huge favour , copy & re-post . -- original post by Lance Lee Ousborn . < thanks for the warning > 
PLEASE CIRCULATE THIS NOTICE TO YOUR CONTACTS ! In the coming days , you should be aware@ : Do not open any message with an attachment called : Invitation FACEBOOK , regardless of who sent it . It is a virus that opens an Olympic torch that burns the whole hard disc C of your computer . This virus will be received from someone you had in your address book .. If you receive mail called : Invitation FACEBOOK , though sent by a friend , DO NOT OPEN IT and DELETE IT IMMEDIATELY !! 
I already got my P . A . S . A . P . O . R . T . E .. =D 
" If you can eat 3 meals a day for 3 weeks straight , you are in the top 15% of the richest people in the world . Every minute 18 people die of starvation in the world . " -- jw-archive.org 
I eat 4-6 times a day haha , and sometimes we're still complaining and unsatisfied . Now I realized how blessed I am each day . :) 
You can tell more about a person by what he says about others than you can by what others say about him . 
" God gave me you to show me what's real 
There's more to life than just how I feel 
And all that I'm worth is right before my eyes 
And all that I live for though I didn't know why 
Now I do , ' cause God gave me you " =) 
[ Singing ] =) 
For every glass i saw , i saw half empty ... Now it overflows like a river through my soul :) 
Now I've turned my mobile off connecting FB ... I always appear Online though I'm really not . 
Yesterdays ' ONLY 550 item exam ! haha ... [ bleeding brain ] 
In our desire to search for love , we hurt people . 
In our desire to keep it , we hurt ourselves . ;) 
" Would you pick up a stranger just because he needed a ride ??? 
... Why , then , accept as an online friend someone you don't know ? " ... 
[ Awake August 2011 p . 12 ] 
simple yet meaningful ... 
Sometimes I'm confused by what I think is really obvious . But what I think is really obvious obviously isn't obvious ... :P 
" Wag magmadali sa pag-aasawa . Tatlo , lima , sampung taon sa hinaharap , mag-iiba pa ang pamantayan mo at maiisip mong di pala tamang pumili ng kapareha dahil lang sa kaboses niya si Debbie Gibson o magaling mag-breakdance . Totoong mas importante ang kalooban ng tao higit anuman . Sa paglipas ng panahon , maging ang mga crush ng bayan sa eskwelahan e magmumukha ring pandesal . Maniwala ka . " -- Bob Ong :) 
Love can sometimes be magic . But magic can sometimes ... be just an illusion . 
“Minsan kahit ikaw ang nakaschedule , kailangan mo pa rin maghintay , kasi hindi ikaw ang priority . ” .... :P 
hehe tama !... 
There was a sister noted for only saying good about everybody . 
Once she was challenged that she couldn't say anything good about Satan the Devil . She thought for a moment , and said , " He's a hard worker ! " 
If she could say something " good " about Satan , we should have no trouble saying good things about our brothers and sisters ! :) 
If you find yourself further from God than you were yesterday , you can be sure who has moved . 
A small girl looks at her brother's girlfriend and asks innocently , " Everyday u come to meet my brother , Don't u have your own brother ? " :) 
Cheer up ! :'( 
???? ?? 
Only 2 weeks left ... FOCUS , FOCUS , FOCUS ... Should leave FB for a while ' til September 25 ... Bye bye :) 
Hello Everyone ! Just want to inform that room assignments for our board examination were posted already in myprclucena.multiply.com . Rica Sherilyn Magadia Petallar , we have the same room and same school haha ( still we are ) . :P Yititots , QNHS and Lucena West I lang nmn difference . hehe .. Okay , will not check the notifications and mssgs and requests anymore ( though i'm tempted to ) lol . It's too many ! haha Bye ! See yah ! we can do this ! Need lots of reviews and prayers . 
Welcome back Facebook ! :) So at last , it's over ... :) Time to rest ... 
