I'm getting a kitten today ! ^.^ 
Telling me I'm going to hell , doesn't get you into heaven any faster . 
" The idea that God is an oversized white male with a flowing beard who 
sits in the sky and tallies the fall of every sparrow is ludicrous . But 
if by ' God ' one means the set of physical laws that govern the universe , 
then clearly there is such a God . This God is emotionally 
unsatisfying ... it does not make much sense to pray to the law of 
gravity . " 
-- Carl Sagan 
My cat just stuck her face in my lighter , and singed off half her whiskers ...... lol 
Needs sleep ........ 0_o 
Fuck my life ..... T.T 
I somehow managed to get all the sushi in the level , with the first cat I dropped ...... O.o LOL ! 
My rat is purple lol . 
Fighting for peace is like fucking for virginity . 
I'm GREAT in bed , I can sleep for days . 
For every complex problem there is a simple solution , that is elegant , easy to understand and wrong . 
Missing my peoples ^.^ 
" We must question the story logic of having an all-knowing all-powerful 
God , who creates faulty Humans , and then blames them for his own 
mistakes . " - Gene Roddenberry 
Still itchy , this fucking blows ...... 
OMG ! My day just got awesome ! I thing I'm going to have a joy-gasm ! w00t XD 
Everything Fucking itches ! 0_o 
" It is impossible to find someone who won't hurt you , so find someone who will be worth the pain . " Andrew Landon 
I just lost the game . 
Yell at me , I want to be your light that shines . But my ground is shaking and I might fall . I wish that I could say .... I wish that I could be your , evil ..... your evil in a closet . 
#69696969 . I used to bribe you with stickers ! XD 
I hate traditional weddings . 
I just found seven two liters of Diet Coke , the date on them is 2/11/2002 . omg . 
One of our rats just had babies XD 
No matter how good your sound system is , you do NOT look cool in a mini van . 
My roommate fell asleep on the couch with his hand down his pants .... hes smacking his lips and fondling himself . I wish I had a video camera . 
I didn't know it was possible to be this bored ...... 
I’m On The Pursuit Of Happiness And I Know Everything That Shines Ain’t Always Gonna Be Gold 

I’ll Be Fine Once I Get It ; I’ll Be Good 
Allergies suck ......... 
I had a moment of weakness and ate a doughnut , now I'm fucking itchy ..... why do I do this to myself T.T 
Dying my hair acouple of nifty colors . ^.^ 
Looking 
retarded in public is half the fun of being in public . 
I think this is going to be one of those days that I shouldn't have gotten out of bed . 
Thanks ^.^ you guys are great ! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U-OrfALplXA 
Its fucking HOT in this house , urgh ..... 
Sushi cat is stuck ...... 
I'm a freak , whats your excuse ? 
Woke up and everyone is gone , weird having the house to myself . 
Sweet Canadian Mullet ! 
http://www.landoverbaptist.net/showthread.php?t=45443&highlight=healing 
Finally , a cure for AIDS ! O.o 
Got corset piercings today , 14 needles and purple ribbon ! ( no they are not permanent ) I'll try to get some pics up . ^.^ 
" Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain . " Lily Tomlin 
" No , I'm not a pessimist . At some point the world shits on everybody . 
Pretending it ain't shit makes you an idiot , not an optimist . " 
I didn’t fight my way to the top of the food chain to be a vegetarian . 
http://videoruler.com/links/2535-retired-making-pranks 
Really funny the last three min of it , I want to do this shit when I get old . 
Yay , I have a pet rat ! ^.^ 
My face is rape-ably soft . ^.^ 
Due to my recent lack of a place to live , I will more than likely have no internet access after the next week or so . 
I'm a member of PETA . People for the Eating of Tasty Animals . 
Piss off and DIE , you evil CUNT ...... 
#99 Launching my into the air off the couch lol . 
Socks + Sandals = Dumbass 
Science flies you to the moon , religion flies you into buildings . 
I love you pumpkin , your my little strudel hump ! XD 
Alone time FTW . 
Egg facials feel really gross ..... 
#285 David Bowie and his amazing package . MMmm , spandex . 
My cat got up on my shoulder , turned around so her ass was next to my ear ... and farted . 
It just sank in for me , and I feel horrible ............ 
" I do not fear 
death , in view of the fact that I had been dead for billions and 
billions of years before I was born , and had not suffered the slightest 
inconvenience from it . " 
- Mark Twain 
Head on collision out by walgreens , huge truck vs tiny car 
" Almost " only works with horse shoes and hand grenades . 
Clean lemony fresh victory is mine . 
I wish I could sleep forever ......... 
I want to get really drunk 
Stabby McStab Stab 
I just got bible thumped all the way from Yemen . 
Don't take life so seriously ... You'll never live through it . 
I need suggestions for things to draw , I'm attempting to jump start my creativity . Send me a message if you have any ideas . 
#8675309 watchin almost all the Sliders episodes and eating sour gummie worms in the living room 
If abortion is murder , then blowjobs are cannibalism . 
I really hate people 
This year October will have 5 Sundays , 5 Mondays and 5 Saturdays . 
This happens only every 823 years . 
“It is an interesting and demonstrable fact , that all children are atheists and were religion not inculcated into their minds , they would remain so” 
It's been said that friends can go long periods of time without seeing each other and never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live , and they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy .. but you will ALWAYS love them . Re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends , they will know who they are . 
Jesus Loves You ! And if you don't love him back he'll torture you forever in hell . 
