oh yeah THANK YOU BROOKE I LOVE LOVE LOVE YOU ! 
could have forgiven his vanity had he not mortified mine . 
worked her 2nd job already , working the 1st tonight ! 
is on the road to Oregon !! Let's pretend it's forever .. 
is in Lebanon , Oregon , NOT Israel .. Though that would be cool , too 
just got back from Oregon and I GOT INTO UW !!! 
has a lease . YAY ! I'm ready to go right now . And write now .. woohoo 
is moving out tomorrow ! The day before independence day ! 
is moving stuff atm .. working at 5 
is going out tonight !! YAY ! 
has a little over a week .... 
and Amber are going to be the new Rachel and Monica :-D 
had her first nasty hangover . Yayyy birthdays :) 
is going out tomorrow night and Saturday night due to birthdays .. let me know if you're free ! 
has the internets again ! 
is excited to head to Oregon tomorrow after work :) 
is going to the drive-in with Noah tomorrow or Saturday ... Ice Age 3 + Transformers ! 
Nothing's gonna change my world 
has one week left ... oneee weeeeekkk 
Works 8 hours at the one job today and 5 at the other . Yeah ... be jealous ... 
just wrote a really , really sad part of my book ... ahhhhhh 
had a wonderful day off , especially w/ the drive in . Now I'm home trying to write and NOT watching them play Magic ... 
wonders what kind of bear is best ... 
needs inspiration ... but where it's hiding , who knows 
dyed her own hair for the first time ... waiting .. I'm kind of scared 
is done with 14 hour days ... and now I have weekends !! Yayyyy 
First day of new job and camping tonight ! 
starts classes tomorrow . Yayyy ... 
WTF ... Disney bought Marvel !?? 
has one more day of both jobs ... then freedom ! 
is all signed up for WSU :) History and English ! Eff you , O.C. , I'm taking classes I want to take ! 
wants to get out tonight !! 
" Why do you have a diary ? " " To keep secrets from my computer ... " 
<3 ' s coffee . Mmmmhmmm .... 
would sell her soul for some friggin feedback ... maybe that's saying something ... DONATE SOME TIME TO WANNA-BE LITERATURE ! 
can't figure out what is keeping her from sleep ... 
has her fingers crossed 
bought her books ... yay 
has not found enough ice cream/drinks/chocolate/coffee/reeses to fill this void created 
Whatevs heathCliff . coffee > facebook updating . Unless you have the phone deal and can do both ... 
watched Observe + Report .... wow .. just ... whoa ... 
" You keep trying to break up with me . And we're not even going out . " 
is raising her standards this year ! For school , for myself , for new things in general .. everything . I sell myself short a lot , I've found , at the same time blessed with what I'm given . Be grateful for your strengths while recgonizing areas where improvements are needed !! 
is now CPR certified .. please don't pass out in front of me ! 
watching Scream for the first time with the tall one 
is overthinking , rendering sleep improbable ... but Eternal Sunshine's on :) 
liked how last night went from a relatively grown up movie party ( with mud !! ) to a battle station with throwing cards turned puzzle pieces turned random objects ... 
Movie night tomorrow at 7 :) Text/email/facebook/fill-in-the-blank me :) If you've never been over to the new place , now's the time ! Not sure what the food or movie will be but it'll be EPIC ! Or mildly amusing .. either way . 
For treating others as they like to be treated , For obeying stop signs and curing diseases , For mailing letters with the address of the sender , Now we can swim any day in november 
is stuffed .. Famous Daves is even more amazing when followed by sharing various Pumpkin Spice coffees at B&N . Still no polka dot dresses ... we kind of suck at quests .. but gained experience !! 
takes things too seriously :P But it's been a long day 
Dwight : Pam is constantly throwing up because of the pregnancy . If she eats something the fetus doesn't like , she is screwed . It's amazing : a three ounce fetus , is calling the shots ! It's so bad ass . 
wishes things came to her in dreams instead of life experiences . Inspiration doesn't need to have such long lasting effects . 
Listen up cuz I love ya lady - we go back like 1980 - you know you the one that changed me - you love me cuz Im so crazy - you'll see , it'll be , you and me , someday 
had fun :) Now taking care of the little man .. 
Can you meet me halfway , right at the borderline , That's where i'm gonna wait for you , I'll be lookin out night n'day , Took my heart to the limit , and this is where i'll stay , I can't go any further then this 
is done with a hellish day at work .. looking forward to the Filling Station and friends :) 
" No man is rich enough to buy back his past . " 
YAYYYYYYY free time ! Taking a three hour drive tomorrow :) Why ? Because i can . 
needs a friggin hug .. and some drinks if you has them .. and its only Monday 
looking up paperwork to change my name officially . Want to go in Monday . 
" We're all made of blood and rust , looking for someone to trust , without a fight . I think that you came too soon , you're the honey and the moon that lights up my night " 
needs a halloween costume .. or two .. and a game plan from Cookie . My default/preference is cupcakes .. 
is missing t.t . o . pretty badly :( 
is already filled with dread at the thought of work and " All The Single Ladies " .... 
Inside my hands these petals browned ; dried up falling to the ground , but it was already too late . 
is done with wrapping up assignments for another week .. still lots to do tomorrow . Days off don't really seem like days off do they ... 
is watching her favorite movie ever . Who needs love when you can stare at Clive Owen ? Mhmm ... 
overthinks everything . Yes , it's possible . Now I'm going to bed at a reasonable time ... so overrated . 
" Well , I mean , there's this little hole . It was kind of an aesthetic choice by the architect . And if you shoot a laser into this hole , the station blows up . " 
anyone wanna see Zombieland or Inglorious Basterds tonight ?? I'm so behind ... 
True Blood marathon - yes , history homework - yes , pot of coffee goin - heck yes . Sleep = overrated 
:) :) :) 
may take a road trip sunday . Either way , I'm getting out of here !! 
has learned a lot these last couple days ... some of it will be unlearned as quickly as possible . On a productive note .. Jessica has added things that make our apartment look more liveable , maybe even nice . Yay :) This weekend gets a wiggly A for effort 
<3 :) :) :) <3 
Are you in or are you out ? Leave your bags behind ' Cause it's all going off without you . Excuse me , too busy , you're writing your tragedy . These mishaps you bubble-wrap when you've no idea what you're like 
Work .. bleh ... Men Who Stare at Goats tonight :) Not sure when we're going but between 8 and 10 !! 
Friday .. or Saturday ... Men Who Stare At Goats .. it looks freakin awesome .. 
Today sucks . Luckily tomorrow is a do over 
craving an escape .. mentally or physically ! Work and school should not occupy so much life ... 
is tiiiirrreedd ... Up early for a drive :) 
All for freedom and for pleasure , Nothing ever lasts forever ... 
should be done with school within three years .. provided I take on more classes and go summer semesters as well .. woohoo ... now to look for a job that will have advancement opportunities around then or before .. that might take just as long :P 
hates semi-accurate horoscopes , though the day is still young 
is still up ... AND getting up at 5:30 . I choose life .. and someone just made me coffee :) 
somehow ate even after watching Zombieland .. amazing movie btw ... OMG ... I didn't know Dan Ackroyd was in this picture ! 
is phone-less :( I lost it AND it's dead . Woohoo ... 
oh the possibilities ... 
soooo friggin tired . Two more full days .. 
Ugh ... only 4 days left of the week .... 
finished her book review ... yayyy ... 
even if it is way too early ... I can't help but get excited at the beginnings of christmas season :) Or I'm just happy today . Either one is probable :) 
wants to see New Moon either Friday/Saturday night or Sunday at ten a.m. Right now it's just me , someone want to come with ? 
It's my sunday night .. and I'm spending it with the roommates watching Kevin Cullen and Brent play COD Modern Warfare II . Inspiration to write - received :) 
Saturday night . Ridiculous day at work still prickling my skin . What am I doing ? Friggin homework . You SUCK sir . Also ... there's been a second murder 
waking to tomorrow is like our refresh button .. I'm hoping for a better result . Yes , I'm optimistic . 
:) If this is the next day we're off to a good start . Dressing up for work today . What is everyone for halloween ? 
feels robbed . But it is Wednesday . Who remembers yesterday . 
knows everything happens for a reason .. at least I keep reminding myself I do 
Forgiveness ... is more than saying sorry 
SCENE IT !!! 
is a very lucky person :) 
is doing two essays today to complete her Writing Portfolio . No credits or anything , this just tells WSU " Hey ! I know how to write a paper " . Apparently they don't trust O.C. to teach us that sort of thing . 
Movie party after all ? I guess so .. how have I never seen Ace Ventura !? 
is excited for everything going down this weekend :) And yes , I'm 23 and very excited for New Moon ! 
gets it , karma , but can we call it a truce for a little bit !?? 
is feeling Into the Wild tonight . I'm already feelin Eddie Vedder . Mmm spaghetti/meatballs .. damn you jessica ! 
hates stressed out days .. but they do make days like today infinitely better :) :) :) 
wonders how time can go sooo effing slow at work but free time flies by .. I feel like I'm only ever working . 
is home in a semi-empty apartment ... missing Noah on Thanksgiving .. but a super amazing bff brought over a super amazing looking pie and between them , family , and someone special I have a lot to be thankful for :) 
is totally seeing New Moon a second time .. trying to drag some ppl ... :) 
HERE COMES TREBLE !! Can't remember who asked what the name of Andy's group was .. but that's it ! 
New Moon tonight . Again . Yes , I know , I'm 23 . And I still believe in fairy tales . 
wonders why everyone else is having babies :( They are so innocent and adorable .. I totally have the baby fever ... Noah is a good kid but babies are just so darn easy to make happy all the time ... and they fit perfectly in your arms and between the knees for swinging back and forth .. OK I'm getting some sleep now .... luckily I got the flu shot ! 
must be wimpy ... the stretch exercises for P90X kicked my butt . YAY DAY 1 ! 
is rethinking the whole " up too late " thing . Work tomorrow = sad :( Worth it ? Maybe ... 
is home with a sickish Noah today . It's a very ' blah ' Monday ... 
is escaping tonight ! Out with friends .. and hoping my creepy-magnet status lets up just a bit . 
needs a drink . And it's only my Monday . And I got the swine flu vaccine and my arm is being a big friggin baby about it . 
hit a rough spot writing .. and I haven't written in weeks .. but that is going to change today ! I miss my fictional people ... 
It's that night again ! Yayyyyy !!! If you love the Office , you should be here ! And if you don't , cookies can convert anybody ! 
thinks it's ridiculous to miss someone but that doesn't keep me from feeling it . 
One paper down after I finish the Annotated Bibliography .. then I will detail the rise of the Republican party during the Civil War and be done ! Yay for coffee flavored full throttles and coffeeeeeeeee 
Kevin made us cake .. fo free . Hear that , J ? :) 
mmm good day :) Tomorrow looks promising too , despite my continued lack of costume .. 
is cramming the last couple weeks of homework in tonight so I can go dance my @ss off tomorrow night :) This is what I get for procrastinating .. also .. I so want the 12 days of christmas !! Andy is a genius . What I'd give for just one drummer boy .. 
Work .. work on saturday .. running around all day work ... when I am soooo tired .. and I have two papers due by midnight tomorrow . Coffffeeeee pleeassseee 
< 10 hours left . Still two papers .. one crazy four year old w/ no attention span ... I'm losing it . 
hates that her " fridays " are usually the more hellish of work days :( Good news is I'm volunteering for 9 am nursery duty at NewLife :) 
' s excited for a night in with new roomies and ' old ' . I have -almost- all my favorite people with me :) 
Taking Woodstock ... awesommmeee 
mmmm coffeee ... Sometimes I wish I could smell . But I'm living with three boys and it isn't so bad . 
is not feeling the Christmas spirit :( Ahhhhhh .... 
can't get Big Green Tractor out of my head .. and I'm going stir crazy at home 
thinks just when you start to miss someone , they remind you why they're no longer there . Thanks for giving me what I needed . The one time . 
rented Inglorious Basterds , Making Woodstock and BRIEF INTERVIEWS WITH HIDEOUS MEN ! SO excited !! 
has nursery duty ... woohoo :) 
" Oh #$%$ back that @#$ up let me see those hips swinggg " 
OMG GLOBBAALLL BEEANNNNNN 
now has a million Reeses ... Thanks AND no thanks Kevin .. ya jerk . 
is feeling trampled . Only word to describe work today . I'm looking at my options on Monday . I'm going out tonight .. to average the suckiness from today out is going to take a lot of craziness 
is feeling good :) Nursery went amazingly well , I got my homework done on time and breakfast consisted of donuts and watching the movie Up :) Oh yeah ... saw the movie Fourth Encounter ... kinda freaky ! 
is kid-less for a week :( Distract me please ! Movies are a good start .. I hear this avatar is good .. 
ooo ... history homework due in one hour . Good time to do it ! I'm really rethinking the whole school idea . 
needs those with free time to read my book and give me feedback , big or small . There's really nothin in it for you other than a mediocre story :) 
really needs to double check who I'm sending texts to ... this is the 2nd time this week !! Totally going to pretend that didn't happen ... 
writing = happy :) 
passed both classes !!! YAYYYY !!! I'm still going to school next semester !! 
Nursery duty successful , Sluy's donuts in gingerbread-man shape and coffee with the tall one , followed by a little writing before Jessica and I go to JoAnns and Target to quest for things .. it's 4 and today is awesome ... 
is somehow making cookies again ... all the others disappeared , which is good ... 
mmm ... sweats ... coffeee ... chocolate ... this is loovveee 
wants to know who else watched Harpers Island .. am I the only one that cried !? 
How can I even try ? I can never win , Hearing them , seeing them , In the state I'm in , How could she say to me " Love will find a way ? " Gather round all you clowns , Let me hear you say , Hey you've got to hide your love away 
has wine ... Something Something Something Dark Side ... Strawberry Cheesecake Ben&Jerries ... today might be ok . 
is still figuring out the Itouch ... have headphones that work again .. and I need a writing mentor . Any takers ? 
is done haphazardly wrapping presents for Noah , fabricating evidence of the jolly fat man , coughing for ten friggin minutes , and hoping everyone is enjoying the holiday . MERRY CHRISTMAS peoples !!! 
just wants a nap . Is that soooo much to ask ? :) Hope everyone has a merry christmas ! 
is hibernating until monday morning with my finals ... visitors are overly welcome if they weild coffee or dark chocolate . 
is excited to see Sherlock Holmes !!! MERRY CHRISTMAS !! 
is signed up for English 301 , History 111 , and Psych 321 . Excited but a little wary of what 3 classes will mean versus 2 . Might keep me out of trouble though ! 
There's a part of me you'll never know , The only fear I'll never show , Hopelessly , I'll love you endlessly , Hopelessly , I'll give you everything , But I won't give you up , I won't let you down , And I won't leave you falling , If the moment ever comes .... 
11 is the new 12 ... YAY SHARIS ! 
is swearing off boys for new years ! At least for a couple months and since I'm a romantic sucker who makes bad decisions , Brent has permission to scare people off with a weapon of his choosing if I try to cheat on my resolutions .... 
posted pics from the Coldnote show around mid-december . There are a lot of devilish sorts of faces .. I'm just sayin ... 
plans were changed :( There's a reason for everything , right ?? THere's still gonna be dancing ! 
is amazed at the power of chai ... I could so do a happy dance right now :) 
HAPPY NEW YEARS ! Everything happens for a reason :) But thanks for the reminder ! :) I'm sorry some's new years were so sad :/ Best of luck for next year ! 
' s day is almost over ... tomorrow will be glorioussssss 
needs to get girly for tomorrow , though work will probably try its hardest to ravage me . today was crazzzy ... cant wait to go out tomorrow :) Dinner with awesome friends and going to see an amazing band at the casinoo !! 
still feels badly .. but friends are good distractions :) Thank you for a lovely evening even if I don't deserve you :) 
is totally Team Jacob now .. particularly when it's this friggin cold out ... 
has two dresses , one pair of hot shoes and no date ... but there'll be plenty of ppl to dance with !!! 
was reintroduced to Sims 3 .. I blame Kevin for finding it . 
is now heading out ... finally . Coffee ... wal mart .. Pride & Prejudice movie .. what more could a girl want ! Oh I can tell you ... 
4.0 semester gpa byatchs ! Sure I only took 2 classes .. but as much as I studied ... that's amazing . Pizza and District 9 tonight ! Tomorrow ... absolutely nothing .. pretty excited about it too . 
had a fun night :) I love music , old and new friends , and meeting new people ! Milkshakes don't hurt , either .. though death glares do ! Shun .. 
has scrubbed the ocean , sand and campfire smell from herself ... and is now back home . Sad day . 
finds it funny when the solution to your problems is deterred by the problem itself . I need distractions . 
going to a movie with the roomie :) I'd say which one but I'd be embarassed .. lets just say .. third time's a charm . 
has stuff to make :) :) :) Now to make it . I'm glad I had a great consultant . 
craves cookies .. always cookies .. or maybe ice cream or .. OMG CHEESECAKE ! Why do we have no cheesecake .. maybe I should make dinner first . Note : STILL need to see Avatar . 
wants coffee . And a movie . And someone to accompany me to both . And a sitter to make this happen . Then I can forget about work today . And life's sense of humor while we're at it . Am I reaching for the stars here ? 
watching Monsters Vs Aliens with little man .. I'd say he picked it but it'd be lying .. 
toooooo eaaaaaarrrlllyyyyy 
facebook has a sick sense of humor .. my ads are all baby stuff and wedding registries . And weight loss tips ! Always weight loss tips . DON'T MOCK ME , FACEBOOK ! You know I love babies !! 
needs a distraction . Please please please give me a distraction . The kid is gone all week and I'm alone with nothing to occupy my thoughts that I want to think about . 
s day is full of surprises :) Good ones , too ! 
Cliff has introduced me to failblog.org ... it is amazing 
" You see ? You just can't trust anyone . The first girl I let into my life and she tries to eat me . " 
thinks the whole no-guys resolution is easily followed so long as I take my friends with me ! Somewhat appreciative .. last night was just bizarre . 
" Maybe I'll be fast as you . Maybe I'll break hearts too . I think you'll slow down .. when your turn to hurt comes around . Maybe I'll break hearts and be as fast as you . " Ahh memories .. 
is currently looking for a desk , an entertainment center , a large area rug , a full size bed deal , a twin size bed deal ... and a TV . If you have any leads , let me or one of the 104'ers know 
Ryan started the fire !!! 
Costco is amazing !! But my health food deal remains broken because of it .. I did cave and get an ACER ... its 2.5 pounds !! It's " for school " .... 
It's like the end of an era !!! 
is back to reading Dear John ... need to finish it before the movie comes out !! Probably should see the movie first but I'm impatient !! 
is still phoneless . And it's driving me crazy . No , it's not about texts .. I can't communicate with anyone I need to ! 
is emotionally done ... but I'm going to not think about it til tomorrow . I will then resuscitate myself via ice cream/movies/sweats or going out/drinking/dancing . Tomorrow will determine my options as well as who is available for distraction ... feel free to volunteer ! 
is without a phone for an undetermined amount of time .. just sayin .. and the work week's starting again .. ughhhh .... But the things I got for my new room were magically assembled by a post-christmas elf while I was out :) And I'm still ridiculous/happy . Leave it at that .. 
polka dotted pink/red ! 
its 2 ... I should be sleeping :) :) :) 
Got up .. at 2 pm ... wtf ... I didnt even stay at Cullens things long . Which was fun .. b . t . -way .. except .. there are some things I'll never get out of my head !! DAN I BLAME YOU ! 
wants to see The Book of Eli , The Lovely Bones , Daybreakers , and/or Leap Year . I am free tomorrow . Let me know if you must see any of these ! Still trying to finish Dear John before Feb 5th ... 
wants to do SOMETHING tonight .. just not sure what ! 
is hampered by feelings .. sometimes I really hate those . But they're so amazing ! 
is feeling completely ridiculous . 
now has a bed ! I'm glad today is over .. it had its ups , but I'm starting over tomorrow :) 
Buddy Elf what's your favorite color :) 
needs to find someone to drag to the company ' christmas ' party Feb . 6 ! It's not a requirement but it is for me ! :) Wifey you're not excluded from this . 
ooooooooo ... ooo yeah , oooo yeah ... 
wonders if it's smart to start with Core Synergenics .. but dammit if I'm going to I'm gonna do it right ! 
Worlds Greatest Dad ( the movie Robin Williams was in in Seattle ) is playing in Kingston !! :) 
hopefully going out tomorrow night with Richelle , maybe others . I need a girls night ... and a couple drinks never hurt anyone .. well .. ok lets not get into that 
without a broom I might just sweep you off yo feet and make you wanna tell somebody .... ;) 
is ready to move crap !! 
has had a pretty awesome day :) And it's just starting ! 
" We've tried to wash our hands of all this - We never talk of our lack of relationships - And how we're guilt-stricken sobbing with our heads on the floor - We fell through the ice when we tried not to slip , we'd say ... I can't be held responsible " 
doppl-something week . Who the heck do I look like ? Be nice ! :) 
" Funk is the problem .. also the solution " Michael Gary Scott 
meeting the mom at Taprock for lunch tomorrow . Starting , wednesday I'm saying goodbye to meat for a while .. all types ! 
actually finished Core Synergenics .. I'm sure I'll feel it tomorrow .. maybe the B&J wasn't such a great idea beforehand ... it's gonna be hard to give up my two loyal guys .. 
forgot to pick up coffee ... and a headache is threatening my happiness !! I should clean .. do homework .. or move stuff .. but my limbs are sore . And I want to go out tonight ! Headache .. please go away . Coffee , come to me ! 
Everything's in order in a black hole , but nothing seems as pretty as the past though 
is free til six ... someone seduce me .. it isnt hard .. Coffee is always a good start . you know the numbers .. 
paid off all but one of her cards ... wtf is my login !? 
whhhaaa my friends are craaaazzzzayyyyyyyyyyyyyy 
yayyy grocery shopping .. I learned this is what you do when you no longer have food . I'm craving blackened chicken and salad . And kid needs Spiderman fruit snacks . Or is it Batman .. Might be getting coffee later tonight if I play my cards right :) 
turned in my psych assignment at 11:59 . Dunno if I should be proud of that . Now to sleeeppp ... 
finished the book .. now I'm not sure I wanna see the movie !! grrr ... 
walked a billiondy miles at work today .. too many cardic patients .. too little time .. but it flew !! Now to write ... OMG NO MORE COFFEE !! 
One more dayyyy til weekend .. then I get to move all my stuff from old room to new . And then there's homework . Ew . Legion looks effing awesome ! I so want to see it .. 
is soooo freakin tired ... and now we have four people I get to walk with at work ... 5 times a day ... ahhhh ... Caffiene is my bestest friend ... 
" It's a quarter past one , I'm all alone and I need you now . Said I wouldn't call but I've lost all control and I need you now " stuck in my head all day ... 
ate too much but had an amazing girls night ! When In Rome is such a cute movie ! 
is having a pretty spectacular day :) And it's my Monday ! :) * giddy * 
has absolutely nothing pressing tomorrow and I'm damn excited about it .. nothing is due , I dont have to be anywhere , I can have a completely chill day ! At least I should be able to ! 
A recap episode ?? Really ?? Today was perfectly usual .. my expectations really need to start coming down . That being said , I do have awesome friends . 
" He's a good man , he has a good heart . " " Then it's true what they say . Opposites attract . " Awesome movie ! 
is going to see Leap Year ... yayy ! :) I like movies a ridiculous amount .. 
is sooo excited for this weekend ! Might be going out tonight too ! 
is uncharacteristically happy today :) Must be something in the water . Or maybe accidentally spraying cleaner in my face at work affected my brain ... whatever ! Its working :) 
wonders what possessed her to watch Bridget Jones Diary ! 
is home with a sick kid ... again ! :/ 
didn't make it to Dear John yesterday ... and my date to my work christmas party had to bail :( It'll still be a blast , because I work with some neato people anyhow ... Thank goodness ! 
is nerding it up writing fan fiction ... 
" We know Black Widow is working with the bad guys . In my experience , the hot chics always end up on the bad side . Maybe because they pay better ... " 
can finally sleep ... its something I've been missing 
is friggin tired of Althusser and his views on Ideologies ! 
is already trying to plan this weekend .. Richelle !? Ideas@ ? 
Men Who Stare at Goats ! Silverdale theater !! 8 oclock !! It looks amazzzinnnggg 
is going to La Push !!! 
had an awesome time last night . I like new places :) 
Come on , you guys , it's a known fact that lobsters fall in love and mate for life . You know what , you can actually see old lobster couples walking around their tank , you know , holding claws 
is back from La Push .. albeit reluctantly . What a strange weekend , lots of fun with a little stress too .. my socks still have sand in them .. waiting for life to meet in the middle again 
is done with her psych test ( 84% :-/ ) still needs to do Eng papers but somehow had a good but strange day :) 
needs to disassemble a bunk bed set , do my psych , and head to Cookie's house for yummy food . Sounds good to me :) 
dreams of simplicity . Or reason . Or reasonable simplicity . Or something semi close to that hemisphere . Pleassseee God just for a little while . Night suckaaass .... 
<3 ' s people who get me coffee and make me dinner :) There may be other reasons as well ... Excited to go out tonight :) 
danced to my favorite song , with one of my favorite people :) I am satisfied .. for now . 
will be at work in 4 hours .. lols 
" Good decisions come with experience , and you get experience from bad decisions " If this were true I'd only be making good decisions at this point ! Ugh ... 
Text books . Coffee . And The Office . 
is attempting to clean the apartment before poker night .. then picking up the kid at 6 , coming back , conjuring up dinner , finishing brents room , and oh yeah .. laundry and history homework . Three day weekend next weekend !! wooo !! 
is rewriting .. again .. this time with some major adjustments . Anyone a fan more of a diary type form , switching between two main chars or just one main char ? pleaseee tell me ! 
managed to eff up a lot of things on her one day weekend . I don't know why I even try at romance at this point . Noah is well deserving of all the love I'll ever have to give . And homework/writing can fill whatever cracks time provides otherwise . I say this .. every time .. 
loves seeing all of her good friends in one day :) Well .. a lot of them anyway . Thank you , all of you . You don't know what just being around you does for me . 
is soooo excited to be done .. and with an hour to spare ! Now that I'm free .. I get to clean the apartment tomorrow . Yeah ..... 
loves how ironic life can be sometimes ... 
has a new phone .. and it is beyond my technical capabilities . if you want to make life a little easier for me , text me with your name so i can add you . this is , of course , voluntary . 
wonders where to find inspiration .. is it so bad to need some ? 
loves reconnecting with people :) And Coffee .. and drinks named after lizards .. and the fact I actually have a bed to sleep on .. ooohhhh yeahhhh 
wants to go to the drive in tomorrow .. go to this show saturday in seattle .. and just go out and do SOMETHING .. this is why it helps to have a boyfriend .. they have to go out with you .. my friends really don't care if I threaten to hold out on them .. 
if you have not see Dr Horribles Sing Along Blog .. then you must . It is a requirement ... Neil Patrick Harris .. Nathan Fillion .. the girl from the Guild .. what more is there !? Oh yeah , EVIL ! 
is determined to cram until midnight , where I will involve Sharis as something to look forward to . French Toast ... mmm ... if any of you get bored at midnight that's where Jessica and I will be . :) 
likes getting to meet new people :) It doesn't happen as often as it should . It was nice to see good friends today too ! So happy the aliens escaped ! 
" One of your new friends has something of the " geek " about them . This person is really big on technology and the Internet , and you can learn a lot from them . If you are single , there is potential for romance here . Keep an open mind - this techie is not as cold as they seem ! " Too bad I have no new nerdy friends .. at least my horoscope is starting to get my preferences right :) 
does not want to work today ... Meh ... hoping tonight will be fun/distracting . 
is the cat .. for Richelles Birthday . Counting down the days , love ! :) 
" Obviously , you're not a golfer " 
yayyy 92% ... not bad for a slacka . No time to look up the answers my-ass .. 
paid off then ripped up cards from AE , VS , Kohls , Sears , and Gap ... No more ! :) Now spending time with the brosky .. its a good St Patricks day . 
does anyone want a bunk bed !? it fits a full mattress on bottom and twin on top . pleeasseee take it . 
thinks Dwight is awesome .. One of my favorite things about Dwight ? He quotes Billy Zane's line from Titanic . Whatever happened to Billy Zane ? I thought he was fantastic . 
made steak , potatoes , and corn .. and no one died . Now I'm stuffed and unmotivated .. I feel like the fat fish guy in Ocarina of time that you have to wait 5 friggin minutes for him to move his butt .. Weh .. Weh ... weh ... weh ... weh 
has a sexy date for New Years ! :) 
needs out tonight !! whose with me ! 
was amazingly awake today considering how late I stayed up :) What can I say , meeting new ppl is fun ! Coffee too ... can't forget the coffee :) 
is proud of personal growth . I'm alone and I'm satisfied with that for now . Life has plenty to keep me busy , and I'm not going to piss off fate any more than I already have . I have plenty to distract me and plenty to be thankful for ;) Now to curl up in bed with P&P and my coffee :) 
ugh .. Psych test .. I have put you off long enough .. I'm still scared though ... 
bought way too much needed but-nonetheless-adds-up crap but it's going to be an ok day 
has a lot to do .. and I'm doing none of it .. 
is rapidly finishing the Dear John book so I can watch it Friday !! 6:50 showing in Bremerton ! Be there :) I believe we're going to the Manette afterward .... 
is SO psyched for next weekend ... a much anticipated book to movie , a much anticipated band , and my work-christmas party with my super-hot date ! :) 
will be at some coffee joint tomorrow studying like mad for a psych test due by midnight ! Ahhhhh .... good thing I love psych . They're actually making me do stuff . 
is getting rid of a dresser and bunk bed frame ( full sz bottom twin top ) . The dresser was noah's as a baby and is longer/shorter but made nicely . I just don't have room for these now . Let me know if you can take them off my hands ! can send pics 
found an awesome dress w/ shoes .. and a headband ! <3 to Richelle for the assist 
saw Dear John ... cried like a baby .. it was amazing ! :) 
noooooooooooooooooo ........... 
Free night ! What to do .. what to do ... 
is fascinated with emotions and how people work ... Why do people intentionally self-destruct ? How can your heart swell in happiness and hurt so friggin bad at the same time ? Where are the lines between responsbility and pride ? How are these determined ? Are we goign off the general consensus or do we trust our own idea of intuition , when we lie to ourselves more than anyone else ? 
HOT CHOCOLATE !! And assignments done .. early ! Ah yeah ! 
is going to do something I haven't done in a very long time ... If you guessed exercising , you were right ! If you guessed something else ... shame on you 
Does he look like a bitch !?? 
should be in Rome but I really want to see Jane Johnson and Henry Bishop ... I've missed them . 
is finally seeing The Last Airbender tomorrow .. I think at 4:30 .. if anyone else is interested :) Kid is excited . 
How the HECK did Social Network beat Black Swan !?? 
gets ridiculously twitterpatted over silly things .. :) 
Finished my Monday ... our out pt . Person had her baby ! Congrats Mary ! !! 
kid's still resting .. doing all my laundry and packing sh7t . Again . Most appreciative , but tired . 
didn't think today at work would end .. going where there's limited cell phone reception , no computers , no tvs , just a cabin , an ocean , some wine , and two of my very favorite people :) 
This weekend will go too fast .. 
is off to never , never land ... 
nnnnooooooooooooooooooooooooo ..................... 
has Friday night .. one with no homework !! Movies .. going out .. anything sounds good ... still can't get Dr. Horrible's songs out of my head ! 
dear karma : I know you're an manipulative shit , and I know I made my decisions that got me here , but for eff's sake ! Don't act like I haven't paid plenty . I was rash and got myself ganked , I'm ready to respawn . 
is stuffed ... then we got ice cream made after girl scout cookies ... mmm ... now we're watching a total chic flic . I <3 Lazy Sundays 
should be packing .. ugh .. I'm sure everything can be done Saturday/Sunday .. 
is psyched .. I get to see Sea Shells , Mitzy , AND Cookie AT THE SAME TIME ! And get out of the house and hear some pretty sweet music at a place that sells coffee + heart attack fries .. could a thursday night BE any better ? :) Work today was awesome , too .. why am I suddenly nervous ... 
got my room-cleaning started , visited a friends where there was the Office , wine and ice cream , and finishing the night with JIB and fanfiction .. pretty awesome day to me ! 
Glee tonight with Richelle and Noah Nopants .. yay for simple distractions . 
keeps having thoughts of Olive Garden ... mmm ... 
is being mentally terrorized by Kesha's " Your love is my drug . " If I could sing I would share my torment with fellow coworkers/patients .. but I can't and I'm not that cruel . It racks my brain like nails on a chalk board and yet it makes me smile . Ugh ... 
You're welcome ! :P 
just wrote a paper on how the internet is sorely overused .. and now I'm back on it . Meh ... Why I had to spend 2 hours demonstrating to WSU I can write is another matter . 
is looking forward to a lazy night after all that yesterday .. and I didn't even do the harder parts . Also ... Dexter ... 
likes live music * who doesn't ? * but I particularly love .. Sand Panda , who were ( was/) amazing tonight , btdoubleyah 
AMAZING MOVIE ! Who better to play a god , let alone god of gods , than Liam Neeson !? AMMMMAAAAAZZZZINNGGGG . And Ralph Fiennes has a thing for these creepy balding villains .. 
is taking the kiddo to see How To Train Your Dragon at 7:10 .. if anyone else wants to drag their kids , or just see it .. bc it looks awesome ! 
doesn't know why she lets ex's statements bother her , particularly when their maturity was questioned in the last place . And you know what they say about women scorned ... and common courtesy isn't common ( yay Murphy ! ) 
thinks people need to surround themselves with more support and positivity . At least as much as you give . Don't confuse familiarity with friendship . It's time to cut out that that brings you down . Even if it means starting over .? 
That's the plan . Rule the world . You and me . Anyday ;) 
soo my phone hates me .. it's not sending my texts and is cutting my calls short . That being said , I'll be home tomorrow , yay ! I'll say I'm happy about it ... 
found a local writers group . Woohoo ! Hopefully I'll meet some ppl with semi-similar interests . Maybe make a few friends I can keep ! Or maybe I'll acquire a new stalker .. that seems more likely . 
sooo sleepppyyy .. no sound in the world parallels the horror that the alarm brings .. 
? I left my baby on the side of the highway ...? 
is having a mini crisis of priorities , wants , needs , loves , hates , random emotions , and the downside of procrastination/play-now work-later . It doesn't help that I have to work tomorrow and I'm just now feeling awake .. 
is back from Oregon .. weekend wasn't long enough .. I'm not ready for all this reality crap :( 
" Every shadow no matter how deep is threatened by morning light . " 
attended my first writer's meeting !! It's amazing how work inspires me to write .. reading inspires me to write ... home inspires me to write .. all while takign away my actual writing time .. 
is accruing a detoxing team .. we can do it !! 
thanks Cookie for an amazing weekend , as usual ... though the point was for me to make you food .. not bring a lot of kck ass food over .. not that I'm complaiing . Princess Bride FTW ... my gd bf is doing dishes ... wtf 
wonders if some things go both ways , or am I stuck on a one-way only street ? Show me some signs ! 
CLASH OF THE TITANS ! 
Needs out tonight . . Definitely sensing coffee . Maybe a drink later on . Hmm any good chill places ? 
I hate this feeling first thing in the morning .. 
Work ... 
finally got her ass moving . I did the first step of Biggest Loser's Cardio something .. one of the therapists at work uses this and it looks good for her .. but my legs are jelly and my butt is twitching .. not to mention I haven't sweat like this in quite some time .. sitting on my ass is catching up with me !! But yayyy day 1 ! 
has never been opposed to going to church .. I sin , as much as anyone else and I'm on the road to improvement , tho moving slowly . It is the people I know who consistently go to church that makes it look like a bad idea . To me it is blasphemy to go to church when you have no intention of trying to improve . It would seem better to not go at all then to go for the sake of improving you image while still ignoring God . 
actually got a lot done at work today ... I battled/organized the leg rests with only minor bruises !! Now Im being entertained by Nick's nephew Wyatte . Jessica cleaned the apartment .. almost didn't recognize it . Saturday night in .. yayyy ... 
watching The Young Victoria . my love life is missing at best , so why not live vicariously .. so much better than that paper on terrorism I'm supposed to be doing for history . 
" You have to stop the Q-Tip when there's resistance !! " 
Best line from the Guild " Oh hey , babycakes ? Don't worry , you're still my primary quest line . " And Vork " Women in general are short term returns . They are not a suitable vehicle for long term investments . Also in my experience , very low drop rate . All I can say is , have fun grinding . " 
I realllyyy really hate facebook sometimes . I've never wanted to delete something and never look at it again so badly . And at the same time , if I didn't have facebook , I don't know that I'd talk to anyone .. 
packed yesterday so that today is ' clean the apartment ' day .... yay ... 
Mondays are sad and near hopeless ... plus no one ever wants to do anything on Mondays . .. ugh . lottery ... please find me . 
stupid sleep .. creeping up on me when I'm not expecting you and then refusing to show when Ive the time ... I wish I didn't need you . But it would suck to be an insomniac . Really starting to see how writers get to drinking .. 
wonders how days can go from so messy to so good to so messy .. I had a good day , regardless :) 
TIME FOR COOKIE ! 
annihilated that psych test .. now praying work goes by quickly and as pain free as possible tomorrow . It'll be nice to escape to Seattle after and hopefully see some homies ! 
It's getting better , baby . No one can better this . 
" A smooth sea never made a skillful sailor " 
Its nine-thirty on Saturday and my bones are tired ... I'm getting old . I have two papers to do before Monday night and a Psych test to do Monday . I'm actually reading the books this time .. so it'll be interesting to see the difference . I'm just pooped ... you youngins have fun now .. 
Is home , sweet home . Mmm coffee 
finished A Small Place and the Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass in time to write papers on them ! It's funny that reading makes me want to write SO badly but in reading I utilize my writing time :( 
<3 Working on book during band practice . Not too shabby :) <3 
hates homework for taking away my small semblance of a social life ... OK , if we're being real , it's cutting into my movie watching/fan fiction writing time .. but that doesn't sound nearly as cool . 
" I ask myself everytime i go to do something , ' would an idiot do this ? ' if the answer is ' yes ' , i do not do that thing . " 
is watching Mom's husband play guitar while balancing on the exercise ball .. the cat is sitting dangerously close . This could be good . 
Rosie the Riveter over there fixed our sink .. now water actually goes DOWN ... Yayyy Jessica . Braving the super disgusting sink tubbage like that .. ewww ... 
ben and jerries .. girl talk with Richelle , pretty awesome , chill evening . I won't lie .. the sweat pants do wonders for comfort levels . Maybe without New Moon to offend I might coax my best friend out tomorrow ! 
" My feets is tired but my soul is rested " Doing History homework .. but the quote , I can relate . It's funny how doing the right things and avoiding easy escapes/distractions can make things a little bit harder in life .. still hoping it'll pay off in the end . If not , I did what I could . 
is a happy girl ... I got a notebook to write in ( with button-cover to save it from the far recesses of my purse .. ) and a shitload of Reeses . Plus I got to see my best friends ( sans Brooke .. ) , eat too much food and see most of a movie . I will have to see Inception again and stay awake ... Thank you guys for making today better 
there was not enough chocolate in the facility today to distract me from work ... and poppyseed cookies are NOT cookies ! Grr ... 
got out of the house yesterday .. there was new people , Coldnote at Viking Fest , and strawberry cheesecake ... I tried Sangria for the first time .. uh ... it was interesting :) Pretty effing awesome day , and that was all after work ! 
At risk of sounding crazy .. I'm so excited !! I feel like I can go back to Jane and Henry !! 
sometimes wishes I had cable .. especially thursday nights when the office is on after a month long break .. BAH ! Looks like psych homework and finishing chapter one ... hopefully 
is finally gonna see Alice in Wonderland on Friday ! Have Wednesday-Sunday kidless :( So I'm trying to stay busy ! 
had a little fun at the Manette :) Learned I still suck at pool ... Sound Parade sounded pretty sweet :) 
is DONE with finals .. now the game of " what and see " ... 
got a charger .. I'm once again an owner of an actionable camera .. and a storage unit !! Hear that RiRi shells ? I has your pictures .. 
... kid's burning up . Gave him some meds and crossing my fingers it'll be gone by tomorrow . I'll be at work regardless . He's in good spirits for being in the state he's in 
had an awesome , chill day !! Studying will always be there tomorrow .. 
needs rescued ! AHHHH !!! Help me .. I have cookies ... 
finished her two papers , and well before midnight !! Now back to life ... 
Thoroughly enjoyed coffee :) the boys playing weren't bad either 
wonders what it is about Ewan McGregors voice that just makes everything seem ok .. mmhmm ... 
Lunch ... the sun knows not to tease me while I'm stuck inside . English papers and psych test due Monday . .. ugh 
second chances sell books , movies , even songs but reality does not buy them . 
this does sound like me .. if there was a person , I'd most likely be arguing with them . ' You have a strongly romantic aspect in your chart today , but there is also conflict . You may find that you and your partner argue , then make up , or that you are irrationally drawn to people to argue with , then discover you find them attractive . " 
Stop looking at me , swan !! 
" I noticed you're wearing open-toed shoes . When did you become a whore ? " :) 
had fun with friends last night .. I can't believe how much time has passed . It still feels like four years ago was yesterday ... 
really wants to see Morning Glory .. this will have to wait ... 
going out with the usual friends .. it's my free friday and I'm intent on enjoying it ! The stressful stuff can wait . 
Laundry day ... 
enjoyed two days of no laptop , no phone and very little studying ... oh yeah , and Stephen , too :) We were attacked by a rogue wave today right after we checked out , naturally ... soaked to the mid section ? No big deal .. The ocean gets tired of being in pictures !! 
is looking forward to some B&N time tomorrow . I haven't gotten a good coffee in forreevverrr 
Can't help but think about New Years .. namely how -different- this New Years is going to be and the year that lead to it :) My life is changing and I'm very blessed with what I have now . AND ... final grades are out and I'm awesome :) All that stress paid off .. or at least leads to the next bit . 
mmm blueberries .. today will be amazing . I think we're doing a movie night here at the apartment . Text for details .. though I doubt there are any . 
has today through Sunday kidless .. and while this is weird , and a little uncomfortable , I do want to get outta the house ! Help me not freak out .. 
s head is trying to kill me ... ahhhh ... being a lazy ass and watching Arrested Development ... 
is seriously not ready for all the milestones that summer will carry ... Denial , please ! 
needs hugs .. big and small . And if that is too simple , coffee/chocolate .. PRETTY please ! 
had one of THOSE work days where you want to hit someone , scream , and cry at the same time ... I keep telling myself .. I'm going camping tomorrow !! But I don't want to jinx it .. people have great timing like that ... Why can't ' good ' things just be good ? 
has a 3-5 pg paper to do tomorrow on terrorism and how it has affected domestic policy over the years ... woohoo ! Despite work being " ugh " -inspiring today , tonight was pretty cool :) 
enjoyed sleeping in today ... always a beautiful thing . Now if only I had chocolate , life would be even more grand . Getting my a$$ handed to me at Trouble . Again ... Kid cheats . 
needs to get to work tomorrow ... Anyone heading to Silverdale from my area in Bremerton !?? There's literally been a more or less stalled line of cars in front of my house on Burwell all night . 
totally forgot Clash of the Titans was coming out this weekend ! Going to see it Friday with my amazing co-hort 
is being inadvertantly reminded of her insane cupcake phase .. which makes me want to make strawberry rhubarb pie .. my pre-cupcake phase .. which makes me think of strawberries .. which makes me want strawberry french toast ... mmm .... Where the f is my pie pan ... 
is done thinking until next fall . About to watch Slammin Salmon with the roomies and hopefully play WoW ... thinking is overrated . I want mindlessness for a little while . Ugh ... I can't believe I finished that chocolate red wine .. there IS too much of a good thing .. and two of my favorite things should not be combined .. 
Almost done with classes ... now praying my slacking isn't going to cost me . I need to socialize today .. classes make me angry 
doesn't get people .. how can you expect so much from everyone and throw a fit when you don't get it but make no effort to show the simplest consideration to anyone ? Am I going crazy here ? Feared as much .. 
is moving forward .. the past'll kill ya if you stay in it . And history doesn't always have to repeat itself . Sometimes you have to keep the light switch on even if you don't like what you see . 
" Rather bear those ills we had , than to fly to others , that we know not of " 
... one of those days ... thank you co workers for being such an awesome team .. thank you Staci for the very necessary coffee ( the start , anyway ) and Christine for the amazing chocolate . Reeses cake = epic win . With all that amazingness .. why do I still feel so bummed :( 
wants to be able to use poetry and such ... I a lot of times I get a lot of inspiration for my book but it's never in sequence with where I'm at in the book . Maybe because I'm at the beginning . Again . Ugh . Third time's a charm ... 
wonders why hearts can't seem to hear the brain ... 
?? You're aching , you're breaking , and I can see the pain in your eyes , says everything's changing and I don't know why ?? 
burned my tongue on coffee ... It does not share my appreciation .. Good things come to those who wait . Or avoid it all together when that does not work . Signed ... Newbie Tea addict . 
needs to borrow a truck soonish ... 
or to win the lottery ... you know .. whichever happens first . 
But firstly , a truck or obtuse vehicle of some sort ... 
today was awesome , tagging along with Jessica w/ Wyatte and watching Avatar with Kevin , Cullen , Brent and Matt ... FINALLY saw the damn movie .. it is freaking long ! 
feels like I'm trying to start a fire with no matchs . Why am I working so hard for something that doesn't want to be . 
loves watching kids enjoy things for the first time .. Noah is watching Hook and loving it . This is after he kicked my butt three times in a row in Zingo .. the kid's too smart . 
is distracting myself from homework ... If you're looking for something to do Friday night , come to the Manette with us ! My co-worker's band is performing :) Super excited to see them play ! 
has the next two days off ... let's do something ! 
would much rather sing along with coldplay than do my paper that is due at midnight . is googling ' terrorism ' considered suspicious ? This act has a lot of ambiguity . If so , the research I did for my book is gonna get me in real trouble . I did find some troubling posts on chloroform .. curiousity killed the cat . Too bad Hemi is part devil . That shit don't die . 
' all I ever learned from love was how to shoot at someone who outdrew you . It's not a cry you can hear at night . It's not somebody who's seen the light . It's a cold and it's a broken hallelujah ' 
soooo sleepy ... trying not to crash before movie night , though it's inevitable . Coffee number 7 did not help , the jerk ... and while things are getting cleaner around here my patience is just as useless as ever :/ looking forward to Viking Fest . I think ... 
this week is gonna go fast :) :) :) 
Sometimes protests working Saturday . .. if ya wanna see where I work tho visit me at one ! W coffee ! 
" But 
I still wanna be friends . Plus a little extra . Also , I love you " Man I love Dwight ... Super excited for Eclipse + girls night . Hoping to see some other ppl too ... the first being the key word . 
should be doing something ... meh ... 
stressed out after a nonstop day at work .. I ... er .. yeah ! Good news is I have the weekend off to try to socialize .. some people make that more difficult than others . 
Pizza and wine , and the movie Sunshine ... mmhmm ... 
my room is clean !! Holllyyy crap ! Productive things happen when you're stuck at home ! Kid is watching Spongebob .. the same episode .. again ... 
will be at Global Bean at 8ish on Saturday to see my coworkers band .. join us if you want coffee .. or to see ppl play .. or both ! The band is Sound Parade ... or Sand Panda if you can't read my calendar writing ... I still think Sand Panda sounds awesome .. 
is headed to Bainbridge in a few in my quest of getting out of denial ... it hurts but it's the healing kind :/ Tonight is for new beginnings and old friends . For auld lang syne ! 
s plans fell through .. but I made some new ones . Meh ... 
seems to attract dysfunction , but it's going really well .. so I won't complain :) 
has to go return some videotapes ... 
is not feeling the early saturday work thing ... good news is I have a 5 hr car drive after work . No really .. I'm excited :) 
Brent's out ... roomies are gone ... the house is eerily quiet . I should be packing but it's just so damn chill .. niceeee . 
" Do you want to run this ship !? " " Yeah ! " " Well ... you ... you can't! " 
just wants to sleep ... whyyyy are you eluding me .. 
watching He's Just Not That Into You . Again . Because it's awesome .. and full of quote-worthy lines ... 
lazzyy sunday ... can't seem to find my phone . It may be in my car but its not enough to tempt me to go out there ... 
We two have paddled in the stream , from morning sun till dine ; But seas between us broad have roared since auld lang syne . 
is writing this stinkin paper ... isn't it enough to KNOW all this stuff ? I have to regurgitate it all in my own words ? I can't believe how much males do in the animal world to attract female mates and compete with other males .. of course this is all for the intent of copulating and producing offspring .. our culture is so weird !! 
is hoping for a less-weird day tomorrow ... roller coaster anyone ? Thank you , friend-people , for being there for me . It's nice to know someone has your back . 
still overrun with allergies .. medicating now . Nyquil made me all weird last night but didn't actually solve anything .. kid is coughing a lot , better not get sick . Ahh Washington ... determined to play Mah Jong until I win one .. lol 
wants to know if Twilight would have done so well if Edward had just gone " I'm a goddamn vampire , I don't need this moody byatch " but then .. it would have been a short series . Oooo cookie dough ... 
... once again has songs stuck in my head .. thanks .. thanks a lot 
had a pretty lazy and amazing Monday . Spent a little too much time in bed , hung out with someone of some importance to me , got lotsss of coffee , exercised , and am now listening to Muse/writing . Yes , I sound like a twitter . I'm cool with that for now . 
why does school get so much more stressful the closer you come to the end of it ? Turning my final in soon .. I just can't seem to write it right 
" Darling , you've got to let me know ... " 
felt like crap all day ... but having all the people I love here makes it easier . And some yummy McGavins pastries now that my stomach's no longer my enemy ...? 
<3 ' s Dirty Rotten Scoundrels 
" Insanity : doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results . " ? 
should be writing my paper on terrorism and how ' it ' has changed domestic and foreign policy recently . Patriot Act , anyone ? What are your thoughts on this , because mine are fuzzy at best . Why does loving history mean having to deal with all the government bs ? 
so this is what boredom feels like ... why did the sun leave as soon as I got off work :( Whenever I'm available it runs away ... but it teases me when I'm occupied .. 
has to purchase and read 11 novels for my upcoming English class ... uh ... we'll see how that goes ! One of them has a movie of it with Anthony Hopkins ! 
had a pretty awesome monday evening ... though my limbs are still cold . :) 
? I've given all can , it's not enough . I've given all I can but we're still on the payroll ? 
thinks it's cruel for the master of self control to give me friggin chocolate muffins on mothers day . I love and hate them passionately ... You're a cruel SOB mr kunish . You and your fat cat ! PS : Yummmmm 
is having phantom stress .. I keep freaking thinking I have homework or something outside of work to do soon .. but I don't! :) Followed by sweet relief of freedom ... Now to clean this mess .. Happy Mothers day to you mother truckers ... 
mmm Ramen ... Manette tonight , text me . Or just show up . What evs . 
<3 I see you lying next to me , With words I thought you'd never speak , Awake and unafraid , Asleep or dead <3 
is tired of mistaking indifference for armor ... but I'm addicted to the feel of my heart racing while at the same time feeling relaxed . God has a funny sense of humor ... 
trying to forget schedules already and think about more pleasant things for the 5 hr trip ahead .. excited to see family , but will miss stuff up here :) Be back soon . 
?? Nothing seems as pretty as the past , though ?? 
is home with a very unhappy Noah ... it's gonna be a long day . 
has the first 1000 or so words done for my book ( 3rd version ) . Need input of all kinds .. if you're willing to help me out , pls msg me your email address ! 
is still lost in the past . I'm just not ready to be present . It's like a light switch that can't be turned back off , and I'm fine in the dark . 
" No one does .. the moodle .. " 
Do I see sheets of plastic in your future ? 
moving .. 2 almost down , 1 to go . Woohoo ... 
can now carry a third passenger in her car !! 
hates Kate Beckinsale because I am not Kate Beckinsale !! That being said .. hot damn ! 
" I feel this great , great pressure coming down on me . It's constantly coming down on me . It's crushing me . " 
wonders why name-changes are so expensive .. what's in a name anyway ? 
Return to the scene of the crime , unknown new and old , heaven or hell , want for familiar warmth on skin so cold , you've once again forgotton , even with scars fresh , unearned , and confused passion with the act of getting burned . 
wants to know if anyone knows anything about cheap places to rent around here ... looking into Viewcrest , Griffin Glen , and Bremerton Gardens currently . Ideally a 2-3 bedroom but am not opposed completely to one !! Our lease is up in June ... Stressed ? A little bit . 
going to see Death at a Funeral .. yay !! Same movie .. different culture . 
is hittin the Pour House with the broski !! 
sometimes envies the apathetic .. im tired of this sickened feeling in my stomach . Good news is I'm done with school and was forced to take summer off .. soo .. yay ... 
I like it on the kitchen counter ! 
wonders whhyyy there are so many april birthdays .. I can understand the winter months , but there's actually more things to do in July !! Like .. celebrate my birthday ... Happy birthday you products-of-summer ... 
knew something was up this morning .. work SUCKED . Part of it anyway ... It'll be better tomorrow :/ TY for my providers of chocolate .. and support too . It's all good . Now Dexter will help me forget ! And I still have that book :) 
is finished with school until fall !! :) Now there's nothing to distract me from life .. maybe that's a good thing :) 
has 
words , but words alone are nothing . Knowing things alone is sadder 
still . Feeling alone is the epitome of emptiness . Share your words , 
share your knowing , share your feelings . They mean nothing without 
sharing , and you can never count on someone to assume with any measure of accuracy . 
mmm coffee ... followed by sleep . 
sometimes likes peoples :) Sometimes ... 
is $%&**#$ deep in Roman history .. I appreciate it and all .. but tests freak me out . I know I know it , isn't that enough !?? 
... I blame Hemi ... 
Ahh Dex ... I've missed you . It's sad to know our time will be over soon .. 
There are squished peas and a Victor Wooten on the floor .. signs of a good New Years !! There's something peaceful about knowing I'm entering a new year with new friends and a better support system , and knowing I can leave all the useless baggage behind . Thank you guys for coming and bringing our house to life :) This year is going to be a full one ;) 
... July hates the Irish blood ... good bye layers :( 
, like most people , needs passion . Otherwise things are just so freakin cold . 
It's snowing outside . 
was reminded a few times at work today it is not so bad to be " smell-blind " . Ugh ... 
is looking at reviews for Viewcrest Villages , Griffin Glen , and other apartment complexes . There are lots of good and bad .. if you have any personal experiences please msg me ! I need to find a place soon !! 
<3 promise to hold you close and pray , watching the fantasies decay , nothing will ever stay the same . All of the love we threw away , all of the hopes we cherished fade -making the same mistakes again - making the same mistakes again <3 
is tired of all the fair-weather and the sunshine somethings ... 
is appreciative of new roommates , old roommates , and Mitzner for helping move my sh8t and use his truck , too ... THANK YOU ! I'm moved .. again ... for now . 
never thought a flushing toilet would make her so happy . Took a civil engineer to fix it ! AHHH !! 
yayy roomies .. otherwise .. I might have to do something productive . Instead I'm on my 3rd episode of Dexter . 
YAY !! Spring semester grades are up and I didn't do as badly as I'd thought !!! 15 credits down .. 45 to go !! :) ... yay .... 
today was much better than yesterday , and that was only the work part of it :) I'd say it was the dark chocolate , but I'd be lying . Well , mostly ... 
Just got back from church where Stephen's neice and nephew sang christmas songs :) It was so cute !! 
did not know watching the Smurfs trailer and discussing it would turn into such a crazy heated debate .. Sassett IS in fact the 2nd girl smurf ! So smurf you ... 
" Satisfaction is the death of desire " 
<3 ' s walkin to Noah's Ark for a super yummy strawberry/chocolate milkshake . 
Seeing is believing .. but certainty cheapens faith .. so are we having faith or are we believing ? 
thinks whomever makes a psych -group- project due the day after Thanksgiving is an awful awful person .. Why did I volunteer to put this together !?? 
realizes it was a bad idea to put a good song as an alarm ... now it fills me with a dread only known in relation to alarm clocks ... 
I hate Mondays 
stole this from Rachel " Being 
a parent isn't a RIGHT , it's a PRIVILEGE , the ability to have a child 
doesn't make you a parent . It's how you take the role that makes you a parent . " 
gave kid a bath .. supposedly just kid .. except kid decided to ' water bend ' and hit me with a supersonic wave of bubble-bath water .. bad kid ... bad ... 
just when I was experiencing some really great karma , I hit a squirrel with my car . Really !?? Come on :( Despite this .. I'm still going to be happy :) 
" Vincent Van Gogh . Everyone said to him , " You can't be a great painter , you only have one ear . " And you know what he said ? " I can't hear you . "" 
Saturday .. so happy to be out of work .. no school , no kid , stress hangover . Idle . Rescue me , please ? :) 
Mom-lady is making strawberry french toast for my birthday !!! Yay ... I effing love strawberries AND french toast .. looks like a family night tonight . 
made it .. despite wanting to sleep and Brent's efforts to get us lost . GPS my a$$ . :) 
hates to love contradictory feelings :/ Makes about as much sense as anything . Viggo will distract me ... I <3 post-apoc dramas . 
' How do you kill he .. who has no life " 
bought a shi t-t on of cleaning supplies at Target .. it's ok , I told check out girl we're hiding a body . Sounds like more fun than cleaning all day ... Just sayin .. I'm gonna need a moral boost when this is over . Who ya gonna call .. 
Saw Black Swan ..... Whoa ! A pretty pleasant Christmas eve .. now I get to sleep in ... ahhh ... 
made it home .. back to life . Back to reality . Puh .... 
is tired of walking on eggshells while others use my eggs for omelettes and tell me it's ok because they're hungry . How did that sound dirty ? Anyways .. expectations go both ways . 
is a sad cebu 
Just watched It's A Trap :) Amazingness . 
<3 Spare me your judgements and spare me your dreams , Cause recently mine have been tearing my seams , I sit alone in this winter clarity which clouds my mind <3 
was never good at poker .. I always thought my cards had promise and bet too much on nothing . I still need to learn when to bet and when to call , instead of going all in on someone's bluff only to lose everything . I'm keeping my cards close this round . 
today was so nice .. it really makes me not want to go to work tomorrow . Weird reaction Maybe .. still true .. 
is guessing the Lost finale was a let down ... by the general consensus that is facebook . In other news .. there is a stranger sleeping on my couch . And Noah ate 7 pancakes . Now you are informed ... 
tried an Avacado cheesecake .. I think it would have been better if called something that didn't associate it with cheesecake .. but the comparison was there from the start . You know what it makes me want ? Strawberry cheesecake ... mmm ... 
soooo ... anyone movin out in August ? 
friends + staying in = :) Now all we need are strawberries ! 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!! Who did it !????! 
looked up this Delilahs place with high hopes and it did not disappoint .. anyplace that has " heart attack fries " is good in my book . Now if they have cookies .. Thursday cannot come soon enough . Might also be excited for some music .. I won't lie . 
went to clean the french press .. presser .. and it came undone ... begging the question of which part goes where .. then when I'd reassembled that I went to put grounds in the press and the grinder brushed the glass it broke .. Coffee .. you know I love you . Why the hatin ... 
is stuck in Poulsbo ... but my book is coming along as a result of lack in distraction . Win ? Escaping with kid later to get some ice cream from the norwegians ... 
-take the time to get to know me , if ya want me why can't you just show me , we're always on this roller coaster , if you want me why can't you get closer ... - ahh .. I love this song like I love cake ... 
" You want to reach out and teach others some 
of the spiritual lessons you have learned , but you could come across 
too strongly . Someone may question your commitment or understanding , or 
they could be uncomfortable with your passionate zeal . " I love horoscopes ... 
remembers why I hate wedges .. they hurt my feet and they make me drive like a maniac ( more so ) . Stillll working on that coffee i received two hours ago . Lost finale ? Sure ... Haven't seen any of this season or last but I'm sure I can catch up ... right ? 
Stupid Mulder ... 
made it through work today , near sleepless and phoneless . Last night was fun , it was good to socialize a little bit :) Back to Dex ... 
is 
working tomorrow .. yes .. on a monday .. so i'll be hatin in with all you 
traditional fellas . On the plus side .. I am catching some zzz's tonight . 
they've been away far too long ... 
Hey , come on try a little , Nothing is forever , There's got to be something better than 
in the middle . Me and cinderella , we put it all together , we can drive it home ... 
had an amazing day with wifey .. forgetting the whole part about work til 4 ... glad Stephen's no longer occupied :) 
getting ready is annoying .. why can't I just be presentable ? Looking forward to some socializing .. 
is being productive this morning rather than letting stress ravage me ... thank you R + B for coming last night and for being you when I remembered , again , why I don't drink ... Now to pack shit up . 
Apologies ... 
loves when Apples to Apples turns into half-drunken arguments ... I <3 family reunions 
was creeped out while watching Leap Year when John Lithgow came on ... Now all I can see is the trinity killer . Dexter's everywhere !! Today was decent .. got some sun , saw friends , and had my favorite cheap wine . Tomorrow will be good , too :) 
15 more days !!! 
OPEN MIC AT FORZA !! 8 pm !! Mmm coffeeee 
feels like every time I have a plan .. things change . Out of my hands . I am blessed though :) 
is free this Friday night .. and sittin at home with Brent , Nick , and some room temp . white wine .. watching Firefly . Ahhh yeahh .... 
had fun in Seattle last night even if I only caught two Coldnote songs ... I hate this working thing sometimes . The other bands were good too :) Now ... weekendddddd 
had an interesting morning ... needless to say , I didn't end up making it to work . Not sure what the plan is for Oregon yet .? 
Noah got the bug again .. he had it briefly Monday morning but it went away . I thought that was too easy !! I don't get it ... 
Made chicken and can't eat it . Made coffee and can't drink it . Looking at food isn't going well either . Only ... 29 more weeks of this . February is stinking poo . My assignments are all caught up and now i'm not tired . And I have no idea where someone is . It just keeps getting better ! 
I don't want to jinx anything , but three kids isn't so bad ... 
is up wayyyyyyy too early .. 
is glad I don't have to go anywhere . It took Kevin 15 min to get out of the driveway and I can still see him from here . I guess someones house behind us had a car plow into their living room . What's with the craziness ?? 
Have I ever told anyone how awesome my brother is ? For real , he is the bees knees . 
out to see friends ... wine sounds good . Tomorrow is Eclipse/girls night . Trying to forget it's July .. the last 2 haven't been so good to me . Maybe I can make August start early .. Grateful for my support system . 
Global Bean tonight !! YAYYY ! 
The trouble with history is it repeats itself . 
Repeatedly . Tonight is going to be good ... most of the people most important to me will be there 
without coercion . Cookie , you'll be with me too ? We'll have a girls 
night when you get back to catch you up . 
can't wait for this weekend :) 
ran home for ' lunch ' ... today is speeding by ... which is good because I feel extra ' special ' when trying to help residents get up and I can't because I hurt my stupid back ! Turns out Im turning 63 tomorrow .. DRIVE IN = YAY ! 
is watching Book of Eli .. again . Not a bad movie :) Was good to see Brooke today and I ate wayy too much :) Why am I tired .. I slept all day ... 
hates this feeling . 
less-than-three's you :) hehe 
Thank you for all the birthday wishes :) It was definitely an interesting birthday 
was too late to catch Coldnote last night .. but it was unexpectedly amazing anyway . Dark but warm and breezy .. my kind of weather :) Not my kind of weather ? The kind I'm asking everyone to endure today for kid's birthday party ... 
Dear head/back , it is my birthday weekend . I must socialize . Please stop trying to murder me . Sweat pants never looked so amazing ... 
... ugh ... let's try this again ! Once more , with feeling ... 
thanks everyone who came out for Noah's birthday . He liked it quite a bit . In unrelated news , my bed is no longer confined to the floor ! We're movin on up ... 
FINALLY achieved chocolate-quest .. ty Manny C . Mmmm ... Saw a few friends tonight , albeit briefly . Kid won ANOTHER game .. cheater . Now I have to read something .. 
Pie and ice cream is the PERFECT end to any Valentines day .. don't know that the Val Kilmer ' horror movie ' adds or detracts .. 
LOVES the end of my work week when my test was done yesterday . Stephen and I are going to a jazz concert at the Admiral after I got free tickets from work . I feel like a human today !!! :) :) :) 
wishes things would slow down for just a min :( Two tests due by tomorrow , lease is up next month , and the daily grind , too , and this silly job that seems to occupy all my time ... 
is trying to get my social bar green tonight .. loner is not one of my 5 traits !! 
YOU AIN'T NO WEEBLE WOBBLE ! 
damn headache .. today was supposed to be chill .. no one got the memo ... now I gotta make something for the " barbacue " at work tomorrow . 
s thinking about fireworks in Poulsbo tonight ... depends on how many layers I can find !! 
is officially done with the apartment .. while there are boxes here screaming for attention , I'm taking solace in that fact right now :) What a long year it's been .. 
Inception is playing with Grown Ups at the drive in this weekend !! * happy dance * 
needs a hug . Eff the like button , I want a hug button .. or just someone that jumps out of the closet or nearby nook or cranny and squeezes me until I laugh out the grumpiness .. 
It's a sickness .. the cure is a hug . Or something stronger , if you have it ... and it's returnable !! 
is sooo much colder after leaving the pool ... brrrr ... Mmmm coffee ... 
has to wait til Friday to watch Eclipse ... Steve Carrell is leaving the Office ... I'm officially leaving with my mommy ... today is le blah . Seeing a boy soon . <3 
Who Lived In a Pineapple Under The Sea ... 
is sneakin out later .. Might see Inception again , since I missed the whole middle part :/ Might chill and try to distract myself from my evaluation tomorrow ... AH ! 
s hands friggin hurt from hauling plastic containers . Still moving stuff .. still cleaning . Thinking it'd all get done today was wishful thinking . Thanks for those that helped .. it means a lot to me . I'll be glad when it's over ... WTF does the sun have to be out the day we're lifting all heavy things1/ 
" Atlas was permitted the opinion that he was at 
liberty , if he wished , to drop the Earth and creep away ; but this 
opinion was all that he was permitted . " 
anyone own the movie Sunshine ? I need to borrow .. I need my Cillian fix and believe it or not Edge of Love is getting old .. 
is making blueberry/strawberry frozen pie ... add whip cream and you have a truly patriotic experience , full of fat and sugar !! 
big ass headphones , Muse ... flaky pies crusts , cutting up strawberries ... no one else home .... mmmmmm .... :) Hopefully the fireworks will be more successful tonight ... 
just got back from seattle .. we got lost a lot , but that's part of the fun , I think :) 
... going to forget work today happened . Or try to . Might take a wine bottle or two . 
had my first episode of morning yuckiness !! I feel bonafide now ! Now to work !! :) 
had a pretty lazy day ... :) Not complaining . i don't care where you're from , it's freakin hot ... 
" Doesn't that make you sad ? It makes me sad ... " Insert whatever pops into your mind first .. 
is home with a sick kid ... Lucky Charms were a bad idea .. 
is constantly trying to fit a round peg through a square hole ... optimism only gets you so far ! 
Friday Night . Movies . Richelle . Productive ? No . Good times ? Heck yes . Prerequisite ... hitting Albertsons . Mmmmhmmmm .... 
just got home but have to run to the laundromat to dry clothes ... Found some things at the Goodwill to turn 50's for work tomorrow !! 
ran home for lunch .. need to get a storage unit , look into Noah's school next year , get his doc appt set up , print/send out school stuff to WSU , and start packing .. ugh . Why do i need so many books for fall ... 
is barring herself from the ' practice ' going on in the living room . My head hurts from evaluating this psych project in a lvl 300 class where no one can spell or use proper punctuation ... 
is so wiped .. got up at 6:30 , packed , moved crap all day ... why did the sun have to be out today ? Thanks , Mom , for helping so much .. dunno where I'd be without you today . I didn't realize leaving would be so sad .. it's been a long year , emotionally . Hoping the next one will be better :) 
wonder why the bad guy is ALWAYS the ' good ' guy's dad .. seriously .. think of another plot line . 
is " working on " a paper on natural vs . sexual selection . Woohoo .... 
doesn't wanna be up this early on my Sunday ... these things always sound like a plan when you first make ' em .... 
thanks God for new opportunities .. I've met some cool people lately , Noah's got a new ' daycare ' with Sharon I'm loving so far , and other things are starting to turn right . With all my demons exorcised and brought to light .. I can only hope to get this time right :) I'm starting to see it ... 
" Remember , nothing is certain until we're dead . And even then , I'm sure God negotiates . " 
looks like we're hittin McClouds tomorrow as a pre-birthday deal . Or a half-reasonable excuse to go out . NOT trying darts again for your safety ... ANYONE and EVERYONE is encouraged to join as at the drive in ( or just go anyway .. ) to see Inception/Grown-Ups on Saturday ! 
nothing is more painful than sweating your **** s off while watching the timer go agonizingly slow .. they should not show you the timers on treadmills .. ignorance is bliss ... BK was a bad idea 
1,000 down ... 99,000 more to go . Sooo many words ... 
is still up ... AHHHHH .. toddlers were made to kick the one leg you still were standing on . My anthro studying is on Infantcide across cultures . There is not relation ... 
is already yucky .. who knew kicking bags of clothes downstairs could be so hard ! JK ... not really excited about moving , but hey ... Have a fun night to look forward to :) Last night was pretty cool , too . I'm lucky to have chill friends . 
is off to work .. then to the company picnic , and hopefully seeing Coldnote after that . What I really want is nap ... 
never finds out .. til I'm head over heels 
should be sleeping .. it's eluding me . Trying to find a distraction from stress only caused more distraction and more stress . Boo . Why can't we all just be happy .. people have to go complicating simple things . 
made it through work today and all I want to do is SLEEP but I have this stinkin history stuff to do ~~~~ 
is restarting the detox tomorrow ... again . Telling you all so I'll be accountable !! Anyone who sees me trying to cheat is fully entitled to use full power to make me regret it ! 
went to the mall with Amber and spent too much money ! but hey .. it doesn't happen often . Going out tonight with a semi-willing boy to open mic at Portside !! Yayy out of the house !! 
nooooo I don't wanna go to work tomorrow ! You can't make me !!! 
had a good night with my bestest Richellle and good night for Sound Parade and a bunch of realllly realllyl drunk ppls ... I <3 all of you 
is watching Scott Pilgram ... what .. the .. fah ... 
had coffee twice today , and yet not at all .. hmm ... well , after work ... work was a coffee-induced panic attack on sedatives ... 
I need an apartment . 
Holy crap .. thank you everyone for the birthday wishes !! Thats more notifications all at once then I ever want to see again .. It's been a great birthday so far , I just got up ... 
made 
it through the typical work week .. yay !! I love hearing " Oh shit ... " 
when I walk into pt . rooms .. like I don't have a complex already ! Seeing Inception tonight .. for real this time . 
was rescued from stressed-out/frazzled day by CShells and red wine . And Gerard ... mmm Gerard ... What was I saying ? Oh yeah ! I'm blessed to have people :) 
is kidless and roommate less tonight ... what to do ... 
" Why don't you eat mayonnaise ? Is it ok if i eat mayonnaise ? I can go outside ... Are you addicted to mayonnaise ? " 
Just made it back from Oregon .. now I get to do homework .. rah rah rah .... 
s going to Barnes and Noble for some yummy coffee and mindless chitchat . Noah will be racing circles around the book tables before we're finished ... 
is in dire need of coffee AND conversation .. how fortunate for me those two things are available at one time ... 
' s phone had a fight with the ocean . It lost . Until I can get a new phone .. I don't know that I will be reachable there ... :) 
couldn't help it .. I caved to my addiction and binged ... got to lvl 11 in one night .. I'm ashamed and proud at the same time .. 
thinks cyber stalking ppl on facebook is never a good idea ! 
just cleared out a figurative but t-t on of pictures . I'm not interested in where I've been , but where I'm going . 
Except for Noah's , of course ... 
" Icarious , who is the 5th crew member ... " 
has made it back to Jane and Henry .. 
just had the most amazingness food ever ... Mmmmmm 
I need your arms around me , I need to feel your touch .. 
.. it's too early .... 
After reading Mary's status about being a mom and an adult , I really do appreciate the chill nights with loved ones . Gone are my days of needing bars and social scenes to have a good time . I have Stephen , I have Noah , my brother , loved ones and those are all I need to be happy !! 
is off to my first book meeting .. let the support begin ! 
" It's like biology ! Which is funny because in high school I failed biology and tonight ... biology failed me ! " 
is movin again .. one of these days I'll stay put ... Very grateful for all the help I've been given . And to have a place to go to :) We'll see how this goes ... 
' s horoscope says ... " There is a big fat sexy secret in your 
family - someone is getting married or engaged on the sly , or they are 
keeping the good news about a pregnancy hidden for some reason . This 
could be the day when the secret gets revealed . Expect some interesting 
news today . " Which one of you is it !?? 
is finally watching Bram Stroker's Dracula . I know .. I know .. 
there's a good-lookin man in my kitchen cooking and singing along to the radio . <3 
downloading Perfect World ... little else to distract me :P 
Got wayy too many groceries .. but I live with 4 boys and am double occupied myself . Looking forward tonight to .. Dinner for Smucks and moose track ice cream with my favorite guy . Both of them .. 
is knee-deep in Roman History .. probably won't get out for a while :/ 
There is an opening for a Rehab Aide where I work !! If you know anyone .. 
is disappearing for the next two nights ... ' camping ' . Attempting a stress free weekend , + some studying . We'll see how that works . 
will be phoneless til tuesday ... textless too ! Ahhh ... 
?? And I know I was wrong , but I won't let you down . Oh no , you'll always have me around ?? 
they saw it ... you saw it ... they know you saw it , you know they know you saw it , they know you know they know you saw it ... so ... let's go see a movie , yeah ? 
Read more for school instead of being productive in my own goals . Guess that was the push/pull metaphor outined in Psych : Motivation . School , you win again . My goals are becoming more of a dream and less reality ! 
is fortunate to live across from the base = no power loss . We walked to Safeway to get stuff to make Thanksgiving pies and slipped and slided all the way there !! Hills are my enemy today ... 
has a working cell phone again ! Now I can text-spam ppl once again to get minimal response !! :) 
had one of those days where you're so tired everything is freakin hilarious .... probably best because today would have sucked otherwise !! 
is feeling better .. who knew being absolutely unproductive could solve problems ? Now for homework .. 
loves coming home on my Friday to someone else volunteering to cook ! Things are going well .. it's kind of creeping me out . I'm going to enjoy my free time , I don't get so much ... :) 
still has so much to do in the way of finals .. my break feels too short , though I appreciated it ! Tomorrow it's back to the grind ... 
is pooped ... had fun last night in seattle with Stephen and spent all day today moving some more .. heels were a bad idea , my converse were taking it out on me :/ Why do we always move in July !? 
is feeling pretty blessed today :) I have a lot to be thankful for . 
feels drained ... Thank God for friends . 
had a pretty awesome day ... but I'm loathe to say I'm most excited to watch Dexter with my homies !! 
' s kid is 5 today ... where the heck does the time go ? 
" Now a question of etiquette , do I give you the ass or the crotch ? " 
if anyone knows anyone in any kind of writing business , I'm looking to volunteer some time for experience !! Working on some freelance stuff right now 
is going camping this weekend ( yay ! ) and down to Oregon the next to see family ... oh yeah , and school started . Yikes .. Scared to say .. things are pretty good . 
Is down near Sweet Home chillin with my Duck friends .. Alas .. my days of eating whatever I want are over .. hello next > 8 months of nausea in the backseat . Ooo SPAGHETTI ! 
is at her wit's end with school and work and life in general . I can only put so much stress and effort into something not knowing if it's going to work out well or not . A more profitable major might have been a wiser choice .? 
anyone know where the heck you start out looking for a place to do Work Study through ? 
doesn't appreciate familiar things as much as I should have until everything is no longer familiar ... 
does not want boy .. I want .. Hottt pockkeettt 
hates that stress seems to make my brain pinpoint every other questionable thing in my life as if it's come to the forefront . It's true that a major stressor makes a person react to minor ones as well .. I just wish I didn't always get myself in these messes . 
loves Robert Frost's Fire and Ice when viewed from the emotional spectrum . I think fire is less painful than ice . 
is watching one of the lectures for a class that's been pretaped .. there's a reason I went with online-only . Only this guy could kill the topic of Rome for me ... 
" Lord , beer me strength ... " 
is signing up for the gym today . Yay ....! 
really enjoyed yummy coffee , friends , and a kick-ass band or two . Ok .. just one . Don't get all cocky ... It's just what I needed after a long work week ! 
is watchin Nip/Tuck ... lol 
NOT AGAIN !!! AHHHH !!!! 
thought of a new book today . As far as productivity goes , I guess that's 
ok . Had to leave work early because I got dizzy and got sick ( before 
you ask , NO ) and had to call my mom to get me because I couldn't get 
ahold of anyone else . 

Time to write a book . 
going to KK's house party then to see Sound Parade at Cafe Noir ( by Target :)) about 9 !! Hope to see you there ! :) 
had an awesome night .. thanks Kevin for the awesome barbacue , woulda been cool to stay . Cafe Noir was pretty neat , chased some kids around ... Sound Parade sounded good as always . It's weird/nice seeing friends you haven't seen for ages ( makes you feel older .. ) and getting to know new people !! 
does not want to catch up on school work .. you don't catch up it's ALWAYS there ! I keep telling myself this will turn out well one day .. 
there's the high and mighty .. and there's the drunken high and mighty , and I don't know which one's more effing annoying 
... hehehe ... :) 
Has this whole week off and hardly seems to have gotten anything done :/ Why can't I go one semester without some issue with student loans ? Ah !! 
Being an adult sucks . 
* end Whining * 
is filling in some big shoes tomorrow .. figuratively speaking . Scary ... Got my tickets for the Coldnote show Friday !! Super excited !!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY HEATHER ! Come back soon :( 
It sounds like people may be at Global Bean again tonight ... mmhmmm .... 
is really thinking about taking these semester off ( meaning still full time school , but only working Saturdays ) If I ever WERE going to , this would be the good time to .. I'll worry about those student loans later .. 
Brought to you by : Anticipating another stressful semester ! 
is SOOO appreciative of Kevin , Mitzner , and Stephen , for your trucks and for your muscles . Cleared my whole storage unit .. well .. after one more car trip . Now I have to hit the laundromat .. ugh . But I really wouldn't have been able to do anything with out those guys . Stephen's fussing with the entertainment system even now .. 
is somehow watching Teeth again ... again ! Omg ... 
Everyone wants to be Ross's Rachel .. but what happens when you really are a Julie or Carol or Mona or .. anyone else that isn't meant to be ? I want the real thing . 
has one test completed , housing situation slightly sunnier .. other things are still getting rained on . Ugh ? 
loves mornings when you wake up and everything feels just right .. Hoping this newfound happiness trascends long enough for me to commit to the gym !! 
?? Darlin ' , you've got to let me know ...?? 
achieved a lot today but still have to hit the laundromat so I'll have clothes for work and do my test on History of Rome !! AH ! 
is up wayy too early ... 
has Thursdays off now .. need to get on top of schoolwork already . Tomorrow night , however , I will be looking for an escape or distraction of some kind ... humor me . 
And if you have my number , text me , I most likely don't have yours ... My sand-free phone is vacant 
missed work today .. my paycheck's gonna be lovely . I don't know what I ate last night , but it wasn't worth all these extra activities .. 
is trying out a new healthy eating system .. TY so much Sharon !! The catch ... NO caffiene , alcohol or yummy sweets ... I give my coworkers full use of action without consequences if they see me violate this . 
" It seems to me the problems you worry yourself sick about never seem to materialize . It's the ones that catch you unexpectedly on a Wednesday afternoon that knock you sideways . " - Alfie 
is ridiculously infatuated ... 
thinks it's ridiculous to miss someone you see all the time ... doesn't mean I won't do it :) 
about to take my online test for Anthropology .. I'd be nervous but I have some kick ass tunes to keep me chill :) ? 
The great news is , after all that fun at work , I get to come home to this ! 
is cleaning moving in the broski today . Getting rid of half my crap I swear .. Why are all three tests scheduled for the 15th !?? Who wants to study ? Better question .. who has an N64 I can buy off them ... 
<3 ' s live music in the living room .. even if it is the sammeee songgsss ... :) 
Three couples have gotten engaged over the past 3 days according to Facebook . Grawr .. 
I mean .. happy for you all ! What is it about january !!?! 
is not doing so well in classes .. but seeing as it's Junior year for me .. that's a whole lot of slacking finally catching up with me . Time to look at the books ..? 
<3 But it was not your fault but mine and it was your heart on the line . I really messed it up this time , didn't I , my dear ? <3 
wants to know ... would you keep your gift and keep your pain , or lose your pain and lose your gift as a result ? 
Yesterday's motivation was rolled over by today's steam-truck called headache/morning sickness . I had an epiphany yesterday !! Maybe this was one of God's challenges , I managed to do my school work , but otherwise curled up in a useless ball .. 
was rescued by anxiety today by my favorite Cookie . Thank you so much , lady , for being awesome and lending an ear . Now I have a plan and , soon , a calendar ... 
" And when you fast , don't make it obvious , as the hypocrites do , for they try to look miserable and disheveled so people will admire them for their fasting . That is the only reward they will ever get . When you fast , comb your hair and wash your face . Then no one will notice that you are fasting , except your Father , who knows what you do in private . And your Father , who sees everything , will reward you . " 
HIDE YER KIDS ! HIDE YO WIFE !? 
I don't wanna take my test on Cognition !! All that'll tell me when I don't do well is I can't remember ANYTHING ! 
It's a short road to lose yourself when you start compromising on all your expectations . 
Oh geez .. I saw Bella Bella Cupcakes in silverdale was having a grand opening tomorrow .. but I resisted .. now I see two of my friends are going ... WILL POWER !! AHHH !!! 
Mmm Cupcakes ... 
has that feeling you get when you know you have the next couple days off ... ahhhh .... 
wants to hit the aquarium tomorrow .. Noah hasn't been since he was .. 2 ? Something like that ? All I remember is he passed out in the food court . Now he could actually make it through a whole Seattle trip .. 
.. I miss nap time .. 
wishes some things would go away with enough wishing .. but some things are meant to stay with you forever . 
is in a house full of kids .. 2 little Pastors and an Ethan Riley !? 
In something I call model-parenting , Noah and I just started Batman Forever . The kid plays lego Batman all the time .. he should see some personification of the Riddler and Two Face ... and I haven't seen my kid all day . So .. :P 
craves hot chocolate .. due to someone mentioning it .. Stephen and I are walking to the gas station . Also because Skyler is a pretty , pretty princess . 
' s stress is still sky-high after work today .. at least Heather was there 
too . Just need a little red wine and life will be dandy !!! AHHHHH !!! 
Camping in two days :) ? 
Has an elliptical ! Time to get off my butt and move it !! 
Is totally deleting facebook in the next few days .. pls be sure you have my email address and my number if you want to stay in touch ! 
Or play WoW ... 
has all this school work to watch via the web and all I want to do is play Sims/WoW ! 
is making pie number two with an awesome Stephen Stasi :) <3 
hears " oh crap it's you " all day at work .. it's nice that someone's happy to see me ! He even gave me an air five , too ! 
is signed up for Spring classes .. Le sigh ... 
needs to finish my Roman final today , run some errands , make some pies , go to a Christmas party and then to some yummy coffee and music :) Ahhhh .... 
is starting M&M's cna program in January :) It's time for a change ... Now though .. supposed to leave in 15 mins for the therapy christmas party and no boyfriend .... humph ... 
uhhhh ... Christmas is going to be a little late this year . Procrastinating involuntarily - it just so happened all those snow days/Thanksgiving had to hit the paycheck before Christmas . So ... keep that in mind if you don't get anything yet ! :) 
loves going out , but nothing beats chill time with my favorite roomy :) 
Wait .. so .. because funding was cut with DSHS , I no longer qualify ? They want me to pay 500 a month just so I can go to work ??? Starting to see the benefits of hardly working and living off welfare :/ 
JK ... mostly ... 
If anyone has a used treadmill/elliptical they would like off their hands , for free or for cheap ... let me know .... I need one !! 
has a paper due tomorrow and three extra credit shorter papers available to do until tonight , and kiddo is sick again . Lovely ... who needs sleep anyway ? I don't mind a challenge or so but it seems like they're always coupling up against me . Surprisingly , my paper is on parental attachment . In otherwords ... why we don't eat our own young ... 
is home with a sick kid . I saw this one coming .. it started with the Minor . I was fortunate to have my worst part over the weekend .. I won't pretend not to appreciate the study time .. 
<3 Oh now there's a place for you and me , where we can dream as big as the sky . I know it's hard to see it now , but baby someday we're gonna fly . This road we're on , you know it might be long , but my faith is strong , it's all that really matters . <3 
Satisfaction is the death of desire 
It's 1.1.11 !!! Make a wish !! 
Fears came alive at work today .. messed up orders , last minute changes , end of month/year fun , and phone calls with impatient ppl are a great way to spend your last day ! Now for 7 days off !! YAY ! 
... And it's time for our New Years party ! I hope you like Spaghetti ... 
had an AMAZING mexi-mocha with hemp milk from Sublime Espresso . Mmhmmm .... 
" Rule 17 : Never turn your back on a grizzly , men you have wronged , or the dominant turkey during mating season . " Dwight Schrute 
had a semi successful movie party that was $#% $%&^*& by the 
musically inclined . Thanks .. But it was good to see people :) ? 
Back from Seattle .. my fingers are still freezing . Missed two ferries somehow ( on our way over and on our way back ) . Still managed to have fun .. but baby is taking away the joy that is coffee/hot chocolate !! I WANT IT BACK ! 
had Amber + attachment over last night , Kevin may have stopped by too ... I need to have people over more often ! We may have watched a Mel Brooks film .. still don't know how I feel about that . I forget how weird our conversations could be !! 
Heading down to Oregon with the boys :) Excited to see family . 
is selling the tickets I have for comedian Bill Burr for Nov . 27th in Seattle . If you're interested let me know ! I'll sell them to you cheaper depending on how much I like you ...? 
sees that light at the end of the tunnel .. 
Hoping it's not a train ! 
.... If it snows like it did last time ... I'm staying home ! 
knows it's early but I'm super excited for baby girl :) It's like I'm excited enough for two ! :P Someone needs to be ! 
is a very lucky person <3 ? 
is waiting to go !!!! 
Has anyone read Water for Elephants ? I'm told it's good , and the movie's coming out . I'm supposed to be studying/writing my own darn book , but reading others ppls stuff is so much easier ! 
is sooo excited for tomorrow :) That is ... tomorrow after work !!! 
is amazed there are still cars just barely moving in front of our house . Nothing nearby is open . Good day to make a pie ... 
<3 I won't always love what I'll never have , won't always live in my regrets . You'll sail alone forever if you wait for the right time , what're you hoping for ? I'm here and now I'm ready , holding on tight , don't give away the end , the one thing that stays mine <3 
finished the # ((#@* (# group project .. submitted it last night before midnight . My work week is done .. shaking off the hangover stress by chilling at home eating yummy leftover mash potatoes and stuffing from Sharons !! 
is SOOO excited to finally announce to everyone Stephen Stasi and I will be having a baby !! :) We're due in August ! 
got to stay an hour over because there was still a ton to do when I should have left !! Yayy auditing , walks , phone calls and pps !! I am excited I got my secret santa present though !! And our department party is going to be at Taprock ! Who knew ?? 
Kid is doing ok .. just tucked into bed at a reasonable hour .. studied fair enough .. going to exorcise one of these finals tonight and do one tomorrow after work . Then I might be human again ... 
Thank you all for putting up with me !! Those that do .. ;) 
thinks it's funny with all the cartoon pics .. most all are associated with a song or songs .. and every time I see one I think of that song . Thank god no one has ..... 
NOOO ... 
NOOO@@ !!!! 
<3 There's nowhere left to hide , in no one to confide . The truth burns deep inside 
and will never die . <3 
has mapped out all my readings for school .. and now I'm going to start my fantasy " for fun " practice novel . Everybody needs a little romance . Why not make it up ? 
?? And if your strife strikes at your sleep , Remember spring swaps snow for leaves , You'll be happy and wholesome again , When the city clears and sun ascends ?? 
FORZA !! 
Had a project due and waited way too long to start it . And I'm spending energy in all the wrong places . Constantly being reminded of my repeatedly bad decisions . 
has the most awesome boyfriend ever <3 
is royally effed . Strangely , I'm not that upset about it . 
" Oh , what do you know ? No-one's going up to you and saying , " Hi , is that your nostril ? Mind if we push this POT ROAST THROUGH IT ? " 
Is looking up hiking trails .. there are bunch near Port Angeles and some tougher ones near Forks . I want to actually see some stuff !! 
finished the psych part .. tomorrow I'm conquering Rome . Again . 
feels like I'm balancing on a chair with two legs ... These classes are going to kill me !! And if they don't there are a plethora of frustrations waiting after them !! 
Starting my detox aka " clean diet " again !! I keep reminding myself baby's eating what I'm eating so I can't eat terribly !! If anyone else wants to eat well with me , I could use some teamwork .. 
is unmarried . I apologize for all the stress it must bring on your conscious . I will settle with God when it is my time to do so . Unfortunately , despite your white slate ( I am assuming it is white , if you are drawing notice to my Sin yourself ) I will not settle with you , and owe no explanation . Despite your view , I am happy and my relationship is more solid than any that could be achieved by a patched-up wedding . 
What ... Rape is not rape anymore !?? I'm so confused !! Of all things , is this really something to pick apart now ? 
LOVES that I can sleep in til 1 and still go to church at 6 !! 
Now if only my textbooks would read themselves .. 
The waiting game is fun . The more time you put in it , the more stubborn you are to stay until something happens , because otherwise you've just wasted a lot of time . But you're still wasting time and nothing's happened . So what're you waiting for ? Because you feel it could come at any minute . Keep waiting ... 
has a fever , and nothing's staying down . This feels more like the first time .. I've googled some stuff but does anyone know what's safe to take while preggo ?? 
Finally got Water for Elephants !! Excited to read it before the movie comes out in April !! 
" Speak softly and carry a big stick ; you will go far " In other words .. Studying Teddy Roosevelt . 
is going to enjoy a good night with some good friends AND see Sharon's hubby and Matt play at Global Bean !! If only there were wine ... tonight would be perfection . 
Need to buy a washer/dryer that work right !! Please let me know if you know of anyone selling or getting rid of a set . 
movie night with my most awesome roommate <3 I love these nights 
... going to extremes has met a new ridiculous level . Glad someone got what I was actually referring to and didn't take one part of it that had little to do with it as the whole problem ... That would be stupid . 
Had so much fun at Forza last night watching Torre !! Thank you Brookelyn Spicer , Vicki Luce , Cheryl Dimof , Staci Johnson Durnal , and my usual friends and others for making the night awesome ! 
If something is ambiguous , there's no telling what you have .. 
Up before 7 !! Woowoo !! 
Global bean tonight !! Yayyy hot chocolate !! And music ... 
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY !! The best part is this is THIS year's valentines day and not LAST valentines day so .. it's amazing by default :) And I'm with a pretty awesome person :) 
Call center is closed at one . I called at 12:15 . Still holding at 12:45 ... ugh 
is conscious way too early , and all so the doctor's office can take my blood .. this is a lose lose situation ! 
So ... Teddy Roosevelt was kind of a dbag . And a major racist . Kind of hurts the whole teddy bear image . 
Soo .. stomach in full recovery , showing Noah how to make chocolate covered strawberries turned in to us eat chocolate covered strawberries .. 
Finished my Psych 470 paper on the motivations of eating/unhealthy eating while eating a heaping bowl of Top Ramen . Mmm .... 
Anyone wanna see the Goo Goo Dolls on March 5th ? 
Thought the little dude was finally feeling better . Or that I'd be able to talk today . Neither is entirely true , but there is some silver lining in cuddling and watching Tom & Jerry way too early in the morning .. 
Communication is underrated . You can learn a lot by voicing things and realizing people aren't guessing your thoughts . But where's the mystery in that ? :) 
? I think I know what's on your mind , a couple words , a great divide . Waiting in the wings , a small respite , crawling out the foreground from behind . 
Even though you're the only one I see , it's the last catastrophe . 
Place your bets on chance and apathy .? 
What's love without confidence ? Certainty cheapens faith , and uncertainty renders it too costly an endeavor . To quote Dwight : " I feel like part of what I'm being paid for here is my loyalty . But if there were somewhere else that valued loyalty more highly , I'm going wherever they value loyalty the most . " 
" Girls are taught a lot of stuff growing up . Every movie we see , Every story we're told implores us to wait for it , the third act twist , the unexpected declaration of love , the exception to the rule . But sometimes we're so focused on finding our happy ending we don't learn how to read the signs . " 
Just finished Water for Elephants .. wow . Studying just looks awful now . 
I tried !! 
Made the mistake of going on Etsy ... 
Bad idea . I now own a super cute Maxi dress . Still .. bad idea . 
Was mortified to find one of my more snug pairs of pants will not button ... WHY !?? This is too soon !! 
Called out today because of kid and ended up feeling sick instead . Karma ... or baby . I'll be a peach to work with tomorrow though .. more or less . I'd like to point out that what I have is wrecking me but is not contagious . Unless you work at Northwoods Lodge . Or are associated with Torre/Sound Parade . Yeah ... 
?? Why do you sing to everybody but me ? I just sit back and watch . 
You are the daydream in my eyes , there whenever I wake up 
But the colors never crystallize and I never get enough ?? 
13 weeks . My bump jumped out from nowhere . And these cramps I keep getting are my belly stretching apparently .. It's a beautiful thing . 
And ... I ate Skyler's ice cream . I should feel bad . 
My belly feels like I was beaten with baseball bats and dont remember it . At least I know I'm not ( too ) crazy , Megan mentioned whatever it's called . Internal beating or something like that ... Good news is Tylenol wasn't on the list of coping mechanisms taken from me !! 
Isn't used to being productive this early .. I'm at a loss for what to do right now . I know what Stephen would do ... maybe I should do that . 
Making meatloaf , mash potatoes and broccoli ( Noah's fav) !!! Excited to start cooking more . 
Doesn't get it !! I get so much done at work ! But between homework before 10 am , grocery shopping , lunch/dinner , and cleaning the kitchen .. it's 8:00 !!! Where did today go ?? Why did my cookies deflate !?? Whose dirty dishes snuck on the counter !! 
Escaping reality ... I'm playing WoW ... 
Is home with 3 kids , soon to be 4 , and is super excited to get the dishes done without a hitch ! Slacking with the cooking tonight in leiu of yummy chili !! 
I need to get out of the house soon .. I'm becoming one of those THOSE facebook people ... And I got some cute bump-savvy dresses ... 
First " doctors " appt !! Finally !! Excited for baby Stasi . Then dressing up just because and dragging my favorite boys out for some day-fun . I smell coffee ... 
Found out lots of stuff .. more importantly , we'll have our ultrasound between 16-18 weeks , so between March 12-March 26th we'll know our baby girl is a baby girl !! YAYYY !! I can't wait to see her !! 
Suggested a movie night in with dessert for a date night .. Stephen suggested Deer Hunter because I haven't seen it .. must be love ! lol 
Found a sitter tomorrow with everyone being sick ( again ) lol . Now just watching the snow ... 
sooo Saturday there's this improv show in Seattle and I wanna go ! It has the guys who play vork and zaboo from The Guild ! Anyone with me ? 
My car is jacked .. and not literally . Blew my tire this morning , took it to work and there it sits . It is in time out until I find a jack !! 
Inspirational evening at Newlife with Stephen , his mom and sister .. followed by garlic chicken ... yummmm . Evening spoiler : procrastinated assignments . Cure ? Girl Scout ice cream . 
Going to the bar tonight ! Wait .. that's not me . Top Gear party ? No ... A yummy raspberry mocha and my leather writing journal at Global Bean tonight ?? That was me a year ago , but old habits die hard :) 
And ... open mic night !! Come visit your favorite local starving artists !! Buy them wine and they'll dance for you ! Pretty sure .. 
Uh .. it's really creepy that now facebook guesses who'se who when you go to tag .. and is usually right .. pretty funny though when they think a woman is one of your guy friends .. 
Thinks it won't be so hard to lose my mind one day when I can be ignorant to the fact I lost it .. Being fully aware of losing your mind is very frustrating , when you realize your folly and your brother is giving you that look that says " You lost yo *&$^ mind . " And no amount of tears will make you feel any smarter . 
In unrelated news .. I do still have the coffee creamer I bought yesterday ... 
?? And i never wanted anything from you , Except everything you had and what was left after that too . Happiness hit her like a bullet in the head . Struck from a great height by someone who should know better than that . ?? 
Sold Goo Goo Dolls tickets via Craigslist just to find a crib AND graco to buy with the money ... 
People never fail to shock or surprise me :/ I am blessed to know several people that , despite a lacking facade , know right from wrong and don't pretend . 
Thank you everyone who came to the show last night !! And held out afterward to see our Dan and Amara !! A special thanks to Richelle Masch for stoppin in on her birthday ! :) Hope you feel better lady !! 
" It's amazing the clarity that comes with psychotic jealousy . " My Best Friends Wedding 
Dear head : Pls stop hurting . I have a test in Psych 470 on Wednesday and a test in history on Friday . You pick some very bad times to make me useless .. 
Soft tacos tonight .. I'm not winning house-wife of the year anytime soon ... 
Totally felt Baby Girl today .. I don't care what the book says !! It was awesome !! Now she won't come back ... Probably had to do with me rubbin her . I was excited .. I feel like Pam on the Office " I saw it ! I saw it ! I saw it , and it was awesome ! Did Jim say I didn't see it ? I SAW IT ! " 
?? All for freedom and for pleasure , nothing ever lasts forever , everybody wants to rule the world ?? 
Isn't looking forward to my proctored test , but I am grateful that I can wake up with my kiddo , enjoy a yummy cup of coffee , and know today is going to be pretty awesome . After my test .. 
Seems like everyone and their sister is pregnant right now .. glad I can be trendy for once ! I don't frequent bars , I don't stay out til 2 am like most people my age seem to do , never tried drugs , but I can be pregnant and love THAT ! :) 
Whole grain spaghetti , turkey meatballs and vodka sauce ... So glad baby is letting me eat today !! 
I won't mention how many boxes of girl scout cookies I have stashed in my room .. 
You really see the power of God when you realize how easily he forgives , and how hard it is for man to do the same . Our past shapes us into who we are today , but somethings are harder to get over than others , particularly in the land of Facebook , when our past can follow us whether we like it or not .. Got to love it ... 
Is a little late , but I'm giving up Facebook for lent . Which is funny .. because it's the source of everyone gabbing about what they're giving up and all .. but God knows how much time I waste on facebook .. and since I'm late I'll extend a few days passed Easter to make the full 40 . Every time I think about getting on , I'll think of how to better enrich my relationship with God . So .. I'll be doing it more !! 
... ewww ... 
The transient downstairs is making awful noises .. 
I've never been prone to gagging based on a noise before . 
Kid is sick ... again .. the other night he freaks me out by waking me up after he got a bloody nose ( it was like a scorcese movie .. ) and he hasn't even been AROUND anyone whose been sick the past few weeks !! WHY !? Poor guy is holding his tummy and saying it hurts . I'm going to see if people will let me work Sat/Sun so I don't keep missing but ... why does everyone keep getting sick !? 
Kid still is icky , I'm tired and my nose won't stop running , and baby is making all food look like poison . Crazy-painting-guy says I look stoned .. haha . I am blessed to have so many good days to make this one seem less-than-stellar . 
One of God's challenges for me is anger . I've gotten better . Jesus washed the feet of he who betrayed him . I do have trouble with those who wrong the ones I love more than those who've wronged me . I just can't get rid of that urge to punch that person in the face and then , I could forgive them ... 
That's not right is it ... Maybe its the hormones .. 
Feeling like you're Found only to realize you're more lost than you were originally .. is probably worse than feeling lost . But now , I'm just lost .. 
Finals are coming ! I can see the light on the other side , but it's more like Indiana Jones , where the door is slowly closing on it . I can't wait to be done .. 
" Michael's chasing Kimmy ? " " Yes ! " " You're chasing Michael ? " " Yes ! " " Whose chasing you ? Nobody . Get it ? " ... Watching my favorite movie . 
" Today's New Moon may bring you an opportunity to sign some type of loyalty oath during the next few weeks , Cancer , which could be very good news for those of you who have been looking for work . Great strides can be made in your career right now , and your efforts are likely to be aligned with the demands and needs of your family . You may have to accept more obligations in your personal life . " 
<3 You painted me in pastel , 
colors that don't tell of any boldness . 
That's the way you'd love to see me : 
so delicate , so weak , so little purpose . 
But your eyes are drawn of charcoal 
they're black , they're so cold , they're so imperfect . 
Because they see a sleeping world , 
where waking isn't worth it . <3 
Which came first , the Depression or the stock market crash ? If anyone wants to answer this , with cited works , in a proper paper , I will accept .... 
Our living room is done .. It's so beautiful !! The walls are a gorgeous deep blue , the trim/windows/door are decked in a light cream color , and it looks great with the wood floor . So proud of my boyfriend for being so awesome :) 
Dear Depression period : there's a reason why you sucked , and writing about how much you sucked is just , well ... depressing . Hoover did it . 
ANNDDD .... It's a girl !! Surprise !! 
Finishing my history homework , with Brent playing " zelda ' songs on the keyboard , Jaron & Skyler arguing over the nutrional value of various soups , and Stephen disappearing , and John never showing up . My productivity - win . Band practice night - Fail . 
Is having an off day .. not bad , or awful , but off . But home is where to fix that .. Now how to fix what I did to my hair .. Spoiler alert : Getting your hair changed is only a pick-me-up if done right ! 
... You know it's time for bed when you're Googling ' Fail ' and laughing wayyy too hard at really dumb stuff ... 
Is now working at NWL Sat/Sun , subbing for Brooke M-F possibly , and it's time for finals . I still have that 5 yr old somewhere , I don't know what he ate last , and the next person that decides to gripe to me about how bored they are is doing one of my papers .. And the kitchen .. oh the kitchen .. 
<3 20 weeks :) <3 
is looking into the Case Aide program at OC .. anyone know about this ? It's only 19 credits so I could take a class here or there in addition to WSU and it would put me in a slightly psychological field . 
Had to be at the library at 10 am to look at a newspaper from the Depression for my 5 page paper , but I'm still up doing stuff for one of my psych classes . It'll all be over soon !!! 
Is going crazy with final projects .. but I'm super excited about the Silverdale YMCA !! It'll open when I'm all done with classes !! 
Is really saddened by our court system . It seems like the laws and lines put in place to protect abuse from the system now translates to people getting off free for nearly everything . 
As many times as I seem to find faults .. when I see how awful people can be and when I remember my own past ventures , I am extremely grateful to have someone to love who is just plain amazing :) And without sounding overly confident , I'm glad he has me too ! 
My hair is white . Hoping to fix this soon , with the help of a roommate . Hopefully the result will not be even worse . I'm not opposed to wigs . 
Or I will just fix it again . 
Finished my big history project !! On time !! And now I'm going to play WoW because it's Friday , Noah's at his dads house , and I'm just wild and crazy like that !! 
It's funny how God brings you to where you need to be , but not exactly in the way you'd think . While my road isn't without regret , I can't say that things didn't turn out perfectly . There were a lot of things i needed separated from long enough to realize what they were doing to me , and people I needed to be around long enough to realize a good thing when I saw one . 
?? Well I been thinking ' bout the future 
but I'm too young to pretend 
It's such a waste to always look behind you 
Should be lookin ' straight ahead ?? 
Made it through today with no coffee !! Yay !! But with everything I've been eating all day I'm only at 1500 calories .. who knew eating healthy was so ridiculous ! Time for some brown rice/broccoli ... 
Day #2 of detox .. starting to miss coffee .. hoping the whole headache/ickiness doesn't accompany today ! 
Can't hear the X-Files theme song without a shudder and involuntary flashbacks .. so ... Stephen made it his cell phone ring . This is filled out to completion with a drawn out sigh of defeat . 
It shouldn't be this hard !! I want ice cream , I want cheese , I want a bagel , I want a freakin baked potato ... It's funny that coffee isn't even that important . Cheese/ice cream are the front runners . Day 2 almost done .. and health doesn't come easily ! 
Hope comes from unexpected places .. 
Taking the kiddos to the park .. they're great distractions from all my food issues !! 
Just finished The Blind Assassin by Margaret Atwood .. I love that woman .. she's dark , crazy , and wickedly talented . I really thought I guessed what happened this time , and I was SO wrong . Got to love it ! I'm convinced that you have to be crazy to write really , really well ! 
Day 4 : Feeling a little better . Reached a good calorie count by adding EVOO and avocados ( and almonds ! ) . Still having a hard time drinking all the water with my little passenger . 
Is extremely shocked and saddened to find that you can't even order Girl Scout cookies online .. WHY !? 
" Look at her standing there will those yams . My two greatest enemies , Ross . Rachel Green and complex carbohydrates . " 
Uploaded some of the pics I took at NWL on Chris's last day !! We'll miss you :/ 
At starbucks .. getting my studying on . I realized if I want to spend more money for a MFA in Creative Writing I have to get good grades .. 
?? And mother always told me be careful who you love , be careful what you do , cuz the lie becomes the truth ?? 
Day six of no coffee .. I'm still alive ! 
People have a way of letting you know exactly how important you are to them . And to ignore this is to create problems for yourself . Everything's clear in hindsight . Keep excusing their behavior and expecting a different result , see how far you go . 
Finished my detox ! I was a little concerned because I lost 6 lbs , but I was taking in around 2000 calories a day ( and eating ALL day ) and I was only drinking water . But I'm at my pre-pregnancy weight at 21 weeks :/ This week I'm bringing back dairy/wheat so baby can have her fat ! 
Such a beautiful sunny day for a baby to be born :-D 
Just got back from the hospital :) Anna and Jaron have such a cute baby !! And nine pounds ! Wooo ! 
Made grilled avocado and brown rice with tilipia for lunch while Noah was chasing Stephen around while lawnmowing because it's just super cool . Noah kept bringing me flowers . He was so excited about it I didn't have the heart to tell him they were weeds ... 
You know .. it's funny , because I like Twilight . I really do . But at the same time , it breaks my heart to see good actors join the upcoming cast . Because the movies .. yeah .. they're not so good . 
I get on Noah about procrastination all day .. and here I am staring at my history paper .. thinking of what else I might do instead . 
Grateful to have adult roommates :) Well .. mostly ... there seems to be a constant stream of newspapers that leave a trail to Brent's room . But if that's our only problem we're doing good ! 
Water for Elephants comes out on Friday .. I am already thinking of who I'm going to coerce into going with me . I don't have many willing participants . 
It's almost noon , but I keep falling asleep ! Noah kept getting up early on and baby waits til I'm laying down to start kicking !! It's too soon ... 
Should be sleeping .. but I was off and on all day .. silly sleep cycles . World of Warcraft FTW ! 
School does not appreciate Good Friday . Putting my final for Cognition due by the end of today ? Not so good . But I'll appreciate it anyhow . Jesus made a much bigger sacrifice ! 
so this class is called Cognition and Memory and seems to be laughing at my lack of both .. for once in a long time I'm actually terrified of a test . 
" Always the padawan , never the Jedi " -Dwight 
is human . With the end of the semester nearing , and my ever-absent brain working against me , I am succumbing to stress , doubts , and anger . I fell off the coffee bandwagon today . I would like to thank my favorite roommate for putting up with my &%$# lately . He deserves an award or something ... 
Had an awesome dayyy ! I got the roommate outside in the sun and we saw Water for Elephants !! AWESOME MOVIE ! 
" What ? They're not coming to something that has no men and no booze ? That is SHOCKING ! " 
I get ready for work this morning , and my roommate is not here . I come home from work and he's not here . I guess the relief is that I don't like this :( Good news is .. I'm ready for my nap ... 
Tired .. and not sure if I'm working tomorrow or not . 1 class down , 2 to go . Not thinking about those at the moment ! Sun , come out tomorrow .. pleaseee 
Looking at school work at the other job while things are slow .. reading about WWII and all I see in my head is Inglorious Basterds ... 
Figured out how to make baby girl move today :) I worried about not feeling her before , and now she's keeping me up all night .. going to bed , and if anyone tries to contact me before noon tomorrow .. there will be blood . 
" Your friends love you . If I knew nothing else of you , that would be enough . " 
I've discovered the Worgen class of WoW ... productivity today is shot .. this one actually has storyline !! And it's like a little England ! Best of both worlds ? I think so . We'll leave out any comparisons to Twilight .. 
You can tell a lot about people by who they surround themselves with , but ppl still act surprised when they " discover " who ppl really are .. if it's always new people , they probably don't care too much for deep relationships . If it's all party-people , they're not gonna chill with you . I'm scared because ... I'm surrounded by anti-social people .. what does that tell you ? 
REALLY motivated to work out :) The Bremerton Y has cycling classes and women-only weight classes that'll help me ease into working out 4-5 days a week and at my own preggo-pace !! 
Taking Noah to the Y in Bremerton for a toddler class while I go work out ! It's been a while .. it's a little scary 
Io sono perso di nuovo ... 
Going back to work out .. my legs are protesting from yesterday , and I'm still sickish , but Noah's excited for the construction class ! Who knew exercise support would come from the 5 yr old .. 
Got over feeling lousy by going to the gym then going out for coffee and some bare-necessities grocery shopping . Though it felt more productive .. I still have the urge to just go to bed and cover myself up and shut out everything . Fortunately the child does not allow for this kind of emo tendency . And I slept over 10 hours last night . 
Not understand what my issue was with indifference . It's so easy to get things done when you're indifferent to everyone else . The emotionally-suppressed may be on to something . I'll channel it long enough to finish the next week of school , then go back to having feelings .. 
Maybe it's finals this upcoming week , or cold I've had the last few days , or the pain in my arms and legs from working out , or my stomach feeling like it's stretched over night or my demanding bladder , but I hate life right now . I don't care how stupid that sounds . The worst part of it is feeling like if I get up early enough I can get coffee before work , like that'll fix everything ... A girl's gotta have something . 
Two Finals due May 6th and I'm starting to see the light at the end of the tunnel ...! There goes this week ... 
<3 Sweet like candy to my soul ... sweet you rock and sweet you roll ... lost for you , I'm so lost for you <3 
I guess it's good to still miss someone after a year :) Working less and him working more is just strange . And now I have no excuse to miss the gym .. 
Doesn't remember when she settled for the responsibilities of marriage minus the dress-up party . I'm protesting . Starting with the kitchen ! 
Sometimes people don't find answers because they don't want to know .. But knowing you don't want to know isn't so different from knowing is it ? 
If anyone knows anyone with manic bi-polar disorder and wouldn't mind answering some silly questions I have for my book , please message me . I don't need to know who the person is and it will be kept private unless you express otherwise . I do not need any more information on narcissism . I'm all caught up .. 
Taking Noah to a tumble bears class and going running .. hoping to shake off this gray 
It shouldn't be so hard to find someone that values you as much as you value them , in friends or lovers . On the other hand , how would movies and books sell it otherwise ? No one likes reading about something easily obtained in real life .. 
Loves that Cinco de Mayo is an excuse for people to drink .. as if those people -need- an excuse .. it's also Thursday , which could be reason enough for some people .. Where is the excuse NOT to drink ? Yeah .. I'm pregnant , and working on my finals .. and still caffiene-free . I miss my addiction of choice .. 
<3 24 weeks <3 It seems to be going faster .. Finals being finished tomorrow will be one less thing to slow down time ! 
Writing my psych thesis on motivations of love and lust in a relationship and I realize ... my son can read really well now . It's a sad day when you can't keep your kids in the dark anymore !! One more day of school .. I'm counting the hours . 
" The night is always darkest before dawn " . Melodramatic maybe but .. it fit today with these *&^% papers . Finals are funny because it's this final squeeze on you before releasing you to adult life in time for summer . 
Finishing my psych paper on love & lust only to be reminded how dull psychologists are when referring to romantics . I'm not sure if they're talking about humans or animals . Instead of ' the one ' or ' love making " we have " human pair bonds " and " mate copulation " . There's a reason I'm interested in literature and not science .. 
For mothers day .. got my profile pic of my grandma and my mom . Missing my family in Oregon .. and my red hair . That was about a year ago ...!! Happy ( early ) mother's day to all of you .. Family , hope to see you soon ! 
<3 had the best roommate ever <3 
Fact : 6 out of 7 dwarves are not happy ... 
Mothers Day gift ? Sleeping ... which is what I did yesterday after work .. and probably what I'll do tomorrow after work as well .. my habits are becoming awful .. but .. no school ! 
... Noah's been up sick since 4 , which makes me wonder after I made him eat last night :/ Last two days of work were busy , Braxton Hicks galor , and now I've had little sleep and I'm ready to hurt somebody . And grades still aren't posted .. Sleep , why do you elude me .. and kid . 
Feels better !! The fix ? Dishes while watching Smoking Aces 2 .. followed by My Best Friend's Wedding songs on youtube ... I didn't say it made sense ! STILL waiting for kid to get some sleep .. don't know that it'll happen soon , but either way , I get to work tomorrow ! 
