Still thinks that we live in a superficial world ... 
Bored , can't sleep ... at least there's you tube 
My apocalypse - Arch Enemy 
Gr8 . I'm blond lol 
tired and feeling sensitive 
Feeling kinda lonely 
what a mission 2 activate starcraft 2 ! 
It just takes one idiotic , inconsiderate person to mess up your day :( 
I know I shouldn't , but it's 2 hard 2 resist . 
Sarah McLachlan - Good Enough 
:( 
is just a little bit annoyed , maybe even upset 
My hands smell like Christmas :) 
Loves winter . 
For all of the times we start , for all of the things im not ... 
Needs strong coffee . 
waiting for one of the world's infinite possibilities 2 come knocking ... 
so tired , wouldn't mind devouring a slab of chocolate ;) 
" A friend is the one who comes in when the whole world has gone out " . ~ Grace Pulpit 
Not sure ... 
it would b really nice if everything was normal again . 
Dear battle.net, Fuck you ! 
loves the cold :) 
Just wants everything to be over . 
feeling stupid 
loves Jamie 
Is loving the rain , it's really beautiful . 
hectic . Can't believe I start exams next week ! 
Sick :( 
I'm dying for a slice of fruit cake and , rum and raisin ice-cream :) 
I do , I do want an apple i-pad ;) 
what an amazing world cup ! 
actually I'm pissd off . 
Wouldn't mind staying in bed all day . 
" The pure and simple truth is rarely pure and never simple " - Oscar Wilde 
Hating exams ! 
mmm . Tuna salad and provita :) 
want's 2 go home . 
Joy . Psych exam tomorrow afternoon ! 
Bitch , please ! 
NEEDS a spice gold and coke 
HATES research in the social sciences with a passion ! 
Woke up at 5 for 6:45 lol 
Needs a lot of liquid courage ! 
really disgusting how the municipal workers have trashed Howick . I don't agree with the gov cutting wages but there's really no need 2 trash the town . 
woke up thinking it was sunday . 
ok , can't do that again . 
Gt so pissd when ppl dnt reply 2 fb msgs or comments . 
Kinda hating my internet connection ! 
I feel like Sushi again :) 
Off 2 lala land now ... Don't wana ride the rollercoaster anymore , I wana ride a more stable ride from now on . 
Need's a drink if I'm going to make it through today . 
Ffs ! I hate m-net series . Repeating part of an episode that you've just watched ... not cool ! 
I can't believe it ... UNISA's assignment section was down and I couldn't submit my assignment . How sad .... 
ok . That was a weird dream ! 
Think I'm gona watch secret life of bees and have some popcorn . 
and like that , it all disappeared 
Goodluck 2 every1 writing exams this semester . 
Ok . That was a hectic exam . 
Some things in life are better left unexperienced . Maybe then people would be happier . 
Can't wait 2 go away , so sick of Howick , particular inhabitants and all that goes with living here . 
Angel - Sarah MacLachlan 
wow . That was a wild dream . 
what 2 do ... 
so bored 
Wish exams were over ! 
hectic . So tired I can barely study and it's only 9 ! I must b getting old lol 
had yummy pizza for supper . Thanx Jane :) 
suddenly feels belonging 
what does it mean 2 b " scene " ? 
would love 2 sleep in 
Good luck to everybody writing exams :) 
hate mornings :( 
Was just thinking , ( at 1:42 am btw ) , friendship is two sided as well as understanding and sincere . Sometimes you can only do so much . 
it'd b so awesome 2 b on another world . 
There's nothing worse then getting up 4 work on a cold winters morning . 
... " I'd rather pick flowers than fights ... " 
Misses James :( 
seriously needs an office job . Standing on my feet all day is killing . 
" A worker bee weigh less than a flower petal but she can fly with a load heavier than her , but she only lives four or five weeks . Sometimes not feeling is the only way to survive " - Miss May talking to Lily . 
Feels forgotten 
so tired . Gona c James 2morrow :) Mayb c a movie ... 
Looking forward 2 the workshop next weekend :) ! 
People who do gardening at 8:30 in the morning deserve a brick thrown at them from my bedroom window . Shut the hell up ! 
so sleepy . 
Really need some strong coffee 
introspective 
these jeans r so nice , they're tight which results in my bum sitting on my hips ! 
has a wonderful boyfriend 
feels like i've just jumped bak :( 
imagining what it'd b like 2 get on a yacht and sail away ... far far away . 
coffee with whipped cream . Yum ! Thanx Laura and Sean for coming :) 
Could really use a wish right now . 
is loving owl city ! 
Is so not getting Carl Rogers theory right now :( 
Wants to get away from it all . 
opened my bedroom window in hopes that the fucking fly would freeze 2 death ! 
Really happy that your life is going perfectly .... 
finished exams :) now 4 some 21st birthday shopping . 
kyle left his writing pad at home . He's now sitting at the library ( where he was supposed 2 study ) on facebook . 
Going 4 my first driving lesson 2day , awesomeness :) 
Sam Trammell from true blood is so dam hot ! 
wow . It's cold 2day ! 
Had a really good time at the royal show 2nite . Thanx every1 :) 
Merry Christmas :) 
" Each morning when I open my eyes I say to myself : I , not events , have the power to make me happy or unhappy today . I can choose which it shall be . Yesterday is dead , tomorrow hasn't arrived yet . I have just one day , today , and I'm going to be happy in it . " -Groucho Marx 
Doing absolutely nothing , and loving it . 
OMW . Resident Evil : Afterlife is coming to cinema's!!!! can't w8 :) 
is sick ;( 
doesn't mind going back 2 dream land :) 
Wish I lived in dream world . 
Wants 2 b able 2 look up at the stars again 
Ok . I'm gona love working at the video store in my free time , long hours but at least now I can maybe start having some money for myself . 
Dead untill dark - Charlaine Harris . What an awesome book ! 
is cold and seriously doesn't feel like work . 
misses high school and all the good times . 
" There's so many wars we fight , there's so many things we're not ... " - One Republic , Marching on 
Good news from the vet . Jamie's gona b ok . Hopefully coming home on monday . Had an amazing day with my bf 2 :) 
cannot wait 2 gt my drivers ! 
Is really not feeling great about today . Nostalgia ( among other things ) has set in . 
Mayb , jst mayb I should sleep . 
Exam 2morrow :( 
One Republic - All the right moves 
finds it amazing that I woke up well . 
is kinda annoyed that I have 2 charge my phone every night ! I barely use the dam thing . 
thinks I need 2 detox . Esp after those oily chilli bites . 
in the mood for comfort food ! 
Lady gaga ft . Beyonce - telephone . What an awesome , awesome song ! 
Excited for the royal show 2nite . 
Bring on 2nd year psych !!!! 
could sleep a few more hours . 
Had a fantastic evening . Some people are irreplaceable , some are unforgettable . 
I refuse to be something I'm not 
bored 
whats with the weird dreams ?! 
who says you can't choose family ? 
is in a state of limbo 
today will be a good day . 
Hope the sun shines 2morrow ... 
salary , sweet sweet salary . If by any chance . Please b in my account tomorrow . 
misses you 
loves Woolworths long life milk ! 
I find it weird that I'm the one that gets broken up with and told that I can't be loved more than a friend and that somehow makes me the asshole to his friends . Very fucking unfair . 
just ... tired . 
the last episode of true blood season 2 is so good ! 
would not mind being in a far far away place ... 
off 2 bed with a smallish amount of balgowan sherry which I got yesterday as a gift . Thanx Kim and Aiden . U guys will b the catalyst for good dreams . 
So tired , glad Sean and Laura r in their own place . Awesome venue 4 my 21st :) :) 
Nothing more wonderful than trying 2 sleep but u can't . 
working through personology , and I thought psych was easy lol 
want's 2 go 2 the red door ! :) 
getting more and more excited about seeing Jamie this weekend :) 
In the library studying , a lady just came in with a law text book . Omw , that thing is HUGE ! Poor her lol . 
" Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof " 
James Morrison - Please don't stop the rain 
hopes the three fold rule will deal justice in due time . 
thinks I'm gona take a break from facebook for a while 
I passed my exams ! :) 
so over 2day . 
Maybe today won't be that bad . Atleast I get to catch up on studying . 
live high , live mighty , live righteously 
so glad my baby's home 
never ever ever drinking again , ever ! 
thankyou 2 everyone who made my 21st worth while . It was awesome ! 
No better way 2 face your fears than head on 
within these four walls lies my sanctuary , my own world . Where the outside world has no effect on me and I can live by imagination alone . 
is not in the mood for work . 
Maybe one day things will get better ... 
not tired . If only I didn't have 2 b up so dam early 2morrow :( 
what a weird dream ! 
Smiling from my liver :) 
I'm overcome with boredom . 
what a crazy day . 
Really wish I had a car . 
Really bored at work . Would much rather be at home playing splinter cell conviction or going out with friends ... o well , only 7 more hours to go ! 
is sad 
Does anyone have a clue as how to add a UNISA email address to an external email client such as Firefox ? 
Ok . That exam went better than expected . Please God let me have passed ! 
had an awesome night . 
Was ecstatic when Jamie brought in a dead bird ! 
there really is so much hate in the world . Life is 2 short . 
only disadvantage of a touch screen phone ... u seem like an asshole for " likeing " people's status cause u accidently touched the " like " button instead of the " view all comments " button . 
Wow . Katy Perry - Firework . What an amazing song ! The music video is incredible . 
Wonders what will b achieved in the next few years ... 
The work load is finally lighter and I don't have 2 pay so much :) 
Is hoping that no one will create any stupid status updates about it being monday . 
Has had enough of facebook and mxit for this evening . 
want's 2 snuggle 
Feels a little less stressed at the fact that I can take leave 4 a few days and catch up with my studies . 
well at least I'm halfway through child and adolescent development ... 
" ... if it's a broken part replace it , if it's a broken arm then brace it , if it's a broken heart then face it , and hold yr own know yr name and go yr own way ... " 
You can be as horrible as you'd like to be to me . Just remember , the wheel turns really fast . 
doesn't want 2 work :( 
although I miss what we had I never want u back . Ever . 
is watching the happening 
Milk , an amazing movie ! 
is sleepy 
so much studying 2 catch up :( 
is sick of studying . 
wants 2 stay on the coast again :( 
has enjoyed 2day + I think my boyfriend is dam hot ;) Love you Jamie . 
Wish I had a fast forward and pause button . 
Seeing ghosts and feeling daggers all over again 
jst feeling a little fucking annoyed 
needs some really strong coffee 
zZzZ ... 
please donate yr unused exercise bikes here ... :) 
Thinks yr dam fine 
13months 
irritated 
My cat has my whole bed 2 sleep on ( even 2 sleep inside ) and she chooses the typex box ... 
listening 2 VH1 :) 
And the walls came crashing down . 
Customer:What's similar about kodak and condoms 
Kyle : Umm 
Customer : They both hold yr happy memories 
Kyle : lmao 
Almost got the iphone 4 :( 
Dislikes house sitting with a passion . 
vodka lime and lemonade please ... make that a double 
Frankies tonight ! :) 
Castleburn next weekend ! 
How am I going to celebrate 2010 ? Get completely drunk , to the point that I don't remember anything . 
Wish I had a twilight world . 
It's our 1 year anniversary 2day ! Breakfast at Wimpy then a picnic with good friends . I love you Jamie . Thankyou for an AMAZING year . 
jst wants 2 b happy :( 
is not in the mood 4 work on a saturday ! 
so happy for Sean and Laura 
Hasn't seen my boyfriend for 2 weeks . I miss him :( 
No one know's you better than yourself , you are your own best friend . 
So awesome up in the berg . I could easily get used 2 this . 
I wonder what Freud would say about my dream last night ... lol 
Facebook and Mxit are both tools of procrastination . 
bored ... 
Waiting for inspiration 
Resident evil : afterlife would have been so much better if they hadn't done it in 3d . I mean come on , random things jumping at the screen . How scary ! :/ 
Exam time , how daunting 
somehow the strength 2 keeping looking forward is right before your eyes , it's in the people who love you and the many hope's and dreams that still need to be accomplished . 
If only there were more hours in a day ... 
dam fleas 
" Get outta my way - Kylie Minogue " 
Want to win a Mini Cooper Convertible ? Then SMS the word " Mini " to 31116 . SMS is Free ! Download Vodafone Opera Mini Browser for your phone . Click the " Win a Mini " button 
... I'm thankful for you 
Feels like an empty void . 
Missed Zanie . 
Some people need to grow up 
wants 2 go 2 Joburg pride so badly this year ! 
When the voice of reason speaks , do you listen or remain completely oblivious in the hope that remaining oblivious would have a positive effect on your future . 
" Surely there is something in the unruffled calm of nature that overawes our little anxieties and doubts ; the sight of the deep-blue sky and the clustering stars above seems to impart a quiet to the mind " Jonathan Edwards 
" I don't know where we're going , I don't know who we are ... " 
I-Phone 4 here I come ! 
Eat , Pray , Love was amazing ! 
97cents airtime . Not cool . 
going for my license next month . Yay ! 
Secrets - One Republic 
Is temporarly in heaven 
God , if you're listening . I would really like my life back . 
There's nothing like sending your mother a message that was ment for your boyfriend . 
Lonely :( 
Sometimes dreams are the realities we wish we were part of . 
This week will be awesome . 
Has recently discovered that I'm no good at wrapping hexagonal gifts . 
one day Jamie will come home 
" The best part of being in a relationship is being able to share your life with someone " 
I'm so over today . Just want to go home , watch a few movies and eat pizza . 
lives in a dream world 
" Love one another and you will be happy . It's as simple and as difficult as that " - Michael Leunig 
Want's exams to be over already 
* Angel - Sarah McLachlan * 
It's strange how people who were supposedly close to you are nicer 2 people they don't c everyday than 2 you . 
that exam was a bitch ! 
" You are the butter to my bread , the breath to my life " 
" Enrique Iglesias feat . Nicole Scherzinger - Heartbeat " . Amazing song , I'm not even a fan . He really needs to come out of the closet tho . 
Has just pimped my computer monitor . 
Love's the feeling of being drunk . 
unpacking boxes , throwing out old stuff . Who said memories don't hurt ! 
so tired . Wishing my man was here 
Merry Christmas everyone ! 
has the bestest boyfriend in the whole world 
Not keen for work tomorrow ... " Funa airtime " and " funa geza " , I just can't wait to deal with people . 
" Breath and I'll carry you away into the velvet sky and we'll stir the stars around and watch them fall away ... " On The Wing - Owl City 
Hoby Beach - Kinky Beach 
Finally get to sleep , then you need 2 wake up :( 
Christmas cakes finally in the oven . Now to wait two hours . 
Really wishes Jamie would come home already , she's been gone since Saturday :( 
" Sleep that knits up the ravelled sleave of care 
The death of each day's life , sore labour's bath 
Balm of hurt minds , great nature's second course , 
Chief nourisher in life's feast . " 
~ William Shakespeare , Macbeth 
So tired ... 
True beauty can only be found skin deep 
I've lost James and failed my drivers test . This week is going to be rough . 
language development in infancy and toddlerhood ... :( 
After the day I had today ... I would love to have another new years eve experience . 
Can't sleep ... 
Music is good for the soul 
Never take life too seriously . Nobody gets out alive anyway . 
Author Unknown 
" Love is a lonely place without you " - Cher 
News from the old people in the library today ... Seed's , indian men , microsoft word , excel and the strength of the library carrier bags ... Don't ask me where the indian men come in , anyway . 
Would love to get motherless tonight . 
Closer to the edge - 30 seconds to mars 
Heaven holds a sense of wonder and I wanted to believe it when the rage inside of me subsides 
French toast and bacon , yum ! 
so so so tired . I won't mind sleeping for a few more hours . 
heart broken 
I still love you 
Ok . That dream was a little to weird ! 
I want to fall asleep again and never wake up . 
Would like to be enveloped by a ball of light and be taken away . 
ok . After watching leap year ... I want to go to Ireland ! 
Somehow I know things will be ok ... 
Par t-t ime job . Yes please ! :) 
Is loving Adele's new song ... it's the one with all the glasses . Does anyone know what it's called ? I want it ! 
I really want to move back to margate . Maybe I should start looking for a job down there ... 
Is missing my boyfriend :( 
Often the first step in friendship is your own . 
It takes a few people to make you unhappy but just one amazing person to turn that around . Thankyou for making me happy again . You know who you are . 
What doesn't kill makes you stronger right ? 
Bring on the public holiday and sleeping late ! 
Nothing irritates me more than not being able to sleep ! 
Feels exactly like that old dinner service , forever being replaced . 
So another year of studying commences , studying in the library during lunch break while old ladies talk about their gran children or whatever they talk about . 
Is hating everything now . 
BORED ! 
Wednesday , wednesday please come quick ... 
gets pissed off when people don't reply to smses 
If Only , Butterfly Effect 2 
Had so much fun today 
Really hate my job . 
So irritated ! 
Is so bored ... 
Had the most beautiful dream . I want to go back to sleep :( 
is now a bone marrow donor :) 
" To forgive is the highest , most beautiful form of love . In return , you will receive untold peace and happiness " . - Robert Muller 
In sleep we give into happiness because sadness doesn't exist , we learn to fly because we are free . Above all , we experience utter serenity ... the worst part is waking up . 
so hungry ! 
Star Trek ( the movie ) was amazing . I can't believe I hadn't watched it sooner . 
Don't you just love the idiotic captions some people give their photo's ... 
" Both optimists and pessimists contribute to our society . The optimist invents the airplane and the pessimist the parachute " . ~ Gil Stern 
Numbing the pain for a while will make it worse when you finally feel it . ~ J.K. Rowling 
Wants someone to cuddle me 
Can't sleep 
Had the most awful nightmare :( 
Drained , feet are sore ... I can't wait to get home . 
I want a Wimpy Bar-One ice-cream so bad ! 
There is nothing more annoying than watching a video on youtube and yr internet connection dropping in the first half of it ! 
Goldfish next weekend ! 
Each has his past shut in him like the leaves of a book shown to him by heart , and his friends can only read the title . ~ Virginia Woolf 
I really don't feel like working this whole weekend ! 
Rain + Work = Wanting to sleep 
When the world says , " Give up , " 
Hope whispers , " Try it one more time . " 
~ Author Unknown 
Would love to be at the beach . It would do a world of good . 
Really hates my job , I'm allowed to read anymore if there are no customers ... How stupid . 
5 more day's :( 
Could do with a few more hours of sleep ! 
Thinks I should have a five year plan , it's good to dream . 
Driving lesson went well , I hope monday goes the same . 
Watching incendiary . It's an incredible movie . 
sometimes you just have to say wtf ! 
Would much rather sleep than be awake ... weird thing is I keep dreaming about water . 
" In the ordinary world we trust in where things belong , everything has a place and believing in that makes us innocent and through the days under the same sky we hope , dream and laugh . We find and loose our way . Endings are beginnings and moments like pieces , fit together again " - winged creatures 
I passed my drivers ! :) 
Bored 
please let me know when you fucking die ! 
WTF ! I can't log into my unisa and I have to submit an assignment !!!! 
Nothing fixes a thing so intensely in the memory as the wish to forget it . ~ Michel de Montaigne 
chilling to Evanescence , brings back so many good memories :) 
Hmmm , should I or shouldn't I 
Does anyone know the definition of the sociological term : social reality 
The storm is so beautiful . 
Yay . Yoga tonight ! 
Had an awesome time at yoga tonight , thanx Elroy for coming with :) 
exhausted 
wants a car . 
yoga tonight :) 
