I got hit in the head with a golf ball by a professional golfer . He gave me a signed golf glove and a hug . x ] 
Craving a tattoo . 
And I know it's not your time , but bye-bye ! --- Avenged Sevenfold ;] 
August 19th ! About 22 days , I think . 
They say thngs get worse before they get better , but this is a worse that feels too big . 
We all need somebody to mend these broken bones . 
Has arrived in SAN FRANCISCO ! 
woot . washington d.c. ! 
Leaving for SFSU in 14 days . 
Hmm . lol 
FINISHED THE SCRIPT . Now on to casting . 
Richard is LAME . completely . 
According to psychology , elevators are " strong " situations . In which the situation tends to discourage displays of personality . Funerals are also strong situations . So riding in elevators are like going to funerals . 
Question of the day ( sound familiar ): How do you know you're insane ? 
Going to watch Treasure Planet . 
last day in maryland . 
It feels like I have a hangover ... only , I never went out drinking . What a rip off . 
* ahem * RICHARD IS LAME :P 
I want a moment to be real ; want to touch things I don't feel ; want to hold on and feel I belong . And how can you say I never change ? They're the ones that stay the same . They don't know me ' cause I'm still here ! - I'm Still Here , John Rzeznik 
* ahem * RICHARD " S-U-C-K-S " :P 
I feel like I'm forgetting something ... 
I think I have a " premature " stalker ... 
Hope ? Who believes in hope anymore , seriously ... 
has been to the edge and back . [ SMUG . ] 
I want mashed potatoes . 
well . i studied for about 5 minutes . that's gotta count for something . MSN anyone ? 
The beauty of the world . The paragon of animals . And yet , to me , what is this quintessence of dust ? 
:) 
When everybody loves you , you can never be lonely . 
Would anyone pay $1.50 to see trees in a tree museum ? 
Why study for a US History test on the American Revolution when I can just watch National Treasure ? 
Leaving for SFSU in 3 days . 
People are weird . 
Things fall apart ; the centre cannot hold . 
experiencing severe case of vertigo . 
has things to do today and should probably get out of bed ... 
I wish it would snow . 
Hopefully I don't stay up til 6 in the morning like last night ... 
Writing a new script =) 
Good job Player 2 . 
I'm adorable . :) 
should be studying ... so tired ... 
is hungover , too . 
Just reminding all SFSU students to NOT throw away empty poptart boxes . Give them to me . It's for a um , end-of-the-year experiment . * Cough * 
Monkey Hands Whore wins yet again ! 
joining The Freshman 500 . 
Whatever liberates our spirit without giving us self-control is disastrous . 
I wish I could play the piano . 
liar liar . 
Inverted Mexican . x ] 
Nitwit ! Blubber ! Oddment ! Tweak ! 
HAPPY NATIONAL PIRATE'S DAY !!!! 
If Otter reads this , he should buy mushrooms & olives . We'll buy the sauce & meatballs . 
someone stole my panda express . this displeases me . :( 
I miss my dog Lucky von Shnouzer Monte Cello Ravioli " Fabio " :( 
wants to be a spoon for halloween ... a sexy spoon . 
Jesus died for your sins . The least you could do is NOT slam your door . 
Very nervous . =S 
Confused . 
zombie attack ! 
hungry . 
Is at Jairo's & has finished the essay ! Mwuharharhar ! :D 
come thanksgiving break . i have nothing to do ! ;) 
Life is bliss . Reality is cruel . 
I want orange juice . 
today was most superb . ended fantastically too . 
People are interesting . 
I quit ! I quit ! I quit ! But I ain't givin you up . You got that something that I can't get enough of . 
1 in 4 husbands cheat and 1 in 9 women cheat . Hmm ... 
... well , that was entertaining . 
You are my only one ... 
Why can't guys grow some balls and just SAY what's wrong ? Jeeze . You people are so sensitive . Nut up or shut up . 
i should really get started on that essay that's due tomorrow ... 
I am officially uninviting you . 
Talked to Cuteface ! He recognizes me from all those times we keep running into each other ... =) 
doesn't want to study for history classes . :[ 
I have no idea why , but you're kinda making me sick . xP 
Feeling alive . ;] 
I want you to want me .... Oh wait , no . YOU want ME to want YOU . Hmm , I just don't know ... 
" And in a rush of fierce joy he realized he found something he could do without being taught -- this was easy , this was wonderful . He pulled his broomstick up a little to take it even higher , and heard screams and gasps of girls back on the ground and an admiring whoop from Ron . " 
2 Days . 9 nine hours of sleep total . One more essay to go ... fug . 
Why ? 
Loves leaving cryptic messages for you to figure out if it's really you I'm leaving them for . XD 
I think someone should make a move * cough * ;) 
thinks that Jairo should be doing his philosophy essay ... 
... The Rev died ? :[ 
It's okay . Sacrifices have to be made FOR THE GREATER GOOD . 
I feel like I'm walking through static . I wish it would snow again . 
Happy :) 
Is 3 hours ahead of all those stuck in California and therefore experiencing Christmas 3 hours earlier :P 
This is it . Semester two . Game on . 
I'm killing them all on my own little mission ... 
watching scooby doo . 
I really want some cucombers . 
Because you're mine I walk the line ... 
Today in class we discussed double standards . How ironic . I fugging love life . 
Feeling so damn smug . I am waaaaaay too arrogant for my own good . Oh well . Being arrogant is fun . 
going to sleep very happy :) 
Well , glad that's over . 2/1/10 . Weirdest day ever . Maybe it was the DC food . 
isn't going to psychology even though there's a test on friday . 
since when did an A become . 3 points more than an A- ? that's dumb . an A is an A . 
Excited to make ( and eat ) the perfect brownies for the perfect weekend ! 
Dream catch me when I fall -- or else I won't come back at all . 
My essay isn't due til midnight on Wednesday ! :D 
I eat a lot when I'm happy . Therefore , I'll know when I'm living the good life when I'm fat . 
I have a very shmexy date tonight . ;] 
Had another * semi*long*ish * encounter with Cuteface who apparently lives on floor 2 . Maybe next time I should talk to him . Get his digits :D Today was good . 
doesn't want to be a silent tomb stone . 
Idk what I wanna do now ... bored . :/ 
This place , makes you wonder if you'd rather live a monster or die a good man . ;] 
I wish tomorrow wasn't Wednesday . 
Damn . It's Wednesday . 
is having the perfect weekend . So much to do , so little time . 
Since when did I get into college ? 
I feel the need to put something new here , so I am . 
Thursdays are now " Talk Like A Sailor " Day due to math homework . 
I love the Academy Awards and the Dalai Lama :) and the gym for letting me watch both in one sitting , erm , exercise . 
Found out the problem . Now I just gotta fix it . :D 
got a spicy italian foot long at subway . 
" There's nothing terribly wrong with feeling lost , so long as that feeling precedes some plan on your part to actually do something about it . Too often a person grows complacent with their disillusionment , perpetually wearing their ' discomfort ' like a favorite shirt . I can't say i'm very pleased with where my life is just now ... But i can't help but look forward to where it's going . " 
You wear those shoes and I will wear that dress ! ;] 
Don't f*ck with me . I will eat you . 
Today was too fun to be a Monday . 
I'm happy , and sometimes I just have to remind myself of that * tiny * fact . 
The power of Christ compells you bitch ! 
When you have a problem Google can fix it . 
Because you're mine , I walk the line . 
is still smiling because a good man cannot be harmed . 
Well , math was an embarrassment . 
500 Days of Summer was an amazing movie . 
Tomorrow is gonna SUCK . Yeah optimism . 
I did laundry and now my clothes are all soft and snuggly . :) 
Wondering why you're only seeing status updates from the same people ? Facebook has changed its News Feed so that , by default , you can only see updates from people you have recently interacted with . To change this , click the arrow next to ' most recent ' then " edit options " and check the box to receive updates from ALL friends .... Most importantly - repost this . Only a few of your friends will actually see it ! 
I have succeeded in doing nothing constructive all day . 
While searching the internet , I found bacon , cupcake , and pickled toothpaste . Odd ... 
... I've been out bid on ebay :'( 
Coca-cola would be green if coloring wasn't added to it ... knowledge can be disgusting at times . 
Whoever sent me a message on facebook I cannot read it . Because facebook has been retarded these past few days and won't allow me to do any sort of emailing thing . So ... just call me ? Or something that doesn't involve messaging over facebook . 
HEY PEOPLE . I wanna write a new blog , and i'm just wondering what you think is useless . it could be anything in our daily lives from ideas , to things , to places , etc . If i like it , i'll ... um , do something special for you on sextimebomb.com . Give you a blog of honor or something where i talk about your awesomeness . :) K THANKS ! 
Gonna have to find a new job :( 
Friday I'm gonna get a haircut and a milkshake . Hopefully it doesn't rain . :D 
Go you your profile . Look at the sidebar - the first five people are your team for the Zombie Apocalypse . Brittany Arrowsmith , Warren Sublett , Richard M Castillo , Justin Pippin , and Kristyn Goff . Justin , I am not above leaving you behind . :P My team's got attitude . 
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach . A human hair can hold three kg . The length of a penis is three times the length of the thumb . The femur is harder than concrete . A woman's heart beats faster than a man's . Women blink two times as much as men . We use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand . The woman has read the entire text . The man is still looking at his thumb . 
So my entire body feels like one giant bruise , and i can't tell if it's cuz of working out or if i sleep walked into an oncoming semi truck ... 
I beat Roger Alexander Tonna in 3 out of 3 games of bowling . :) 
Right now ... sucks . :/ 
Ah jeeze , I miss this weekend & hearts ; 
Damn Kiri , you've got game ;D 
So these middle-eastern identical twin guys walk out of a bank carrying their motorcycle helmets and they walk right past me , and well , i couldn't stop staring . And then this dude walked by me and laughed at me for ogling . -.- Idk why I'm sharing this story . Just thought it was funny ... Go Giants ! & hearts ; :} 
I LOVE MIGUEL TEJADA ! 
I think the 5 hour energy drink worked . 
I like how the chick turns into Michael Jackson and not the black dude in that xbox commercial . 
Epic weekend & hearts ; 
I just realized that this project thing that's worth 40% of my grade is due at 7 pm tonight . Welp , just 23 more pages left to go and 15 hours to do it in ! Then I need to write an essay for my other class . =[ 
I wish being a game contestant was a career option . 
Excited for the weekend ! :] 
STRESS ! hate finals :/ 
HELLO PEOPLE OF FACEBOOK , 
can anyone give me awkward moments ? i'm gonna start writing blogs again . well , soon anyway . once finals are over . it doesn't have to be from personal experience . if you win , you can get frozen yogurt ... with gummy bears on top from japantown next time your in sf :) 
I think my brain is going to explode . 
Um , excuse me sir , but your awesomeness is getting in the way of my wish to remain apathetic & hearts ; 
Going to take a nap and then off to travis for the last time before summer break . 
I look at the people holding hands in the hallways and I try to think how it all works . At the school dances , I sit in the background , and I wonder how many couples will dance to ' their song ' . In the hallways I see the girls wearing the guys ' jackets , and I think about the idea of property . And I wonder if anyone is really happy . I hope they are . I really hope they are . - Stephen Chbosky , Perks Of Being A Wallflower 
Sometimes I feel like a cartoon . 
* complain * 
Had to wreck my 3,999 piece puzzle today . I think I died a little inside doing it . :( 
I'm afraid if I go to sleep I won't wake up to my alarm and I'll miss my flight and the apocalypse will happen , so I will drink this nasty coffee and try not to wake up Angel Plascencia as I bounce from wall to wall :) 
I think I'm gonna chop off my hair again , and write a script about a white dude who sells tacos .... but maybe not in that order :p i'm kiiiiiiiiinda bored . 
Been pestering my parents all week but I FINALLY got to watch HARRY POTTER #7 ! Think I'm gonna watch it again haha . Had a chill birthday , thanks everyone for wishing my a good birthday :) 
* deep manly voice * KINGDOM HEARTS !!! ;] 
* poke times infinity * I WIN ! >:} 
Dang , I miss SF and Travis AFB :( 
I should've bought a falcon ... :/ 
So I got a job interview ... in San Francisco :/ 
One of the first things I'm gonna do when I get back to Frisco is watch a Giants ' game on TV . MyP2P just ain't cutting it . 
If I owned my own ball team I'd name it Ball Busters . 
I grew a quarter of an inch :) 
When I watch Teen Mom , I sometimes wonder if Tyler is a real person or an actor . 
I & hearts ; Neville Longbottom :) 
In the desert 
I saw a creature , naked , bestial , 
Who , squatting upon the ground , 
Held his heart in his hands , 
And ate of it . 
I said , " Is it good friend ? " 
" It is bitter - bitter , " he answered , 
" But I like it 
Because it is bitter , 
And because it is my heart . " 
-- Stephen Crane , In the Desert 
I'm curious to know what Sirius Black's middle name is . I hope it's Lee . 
Borders is going out of business ... :'( 
I wanna go to a Giants game with a poster that says HUFF IT TO ME . 
I have just discovered that my ringtone is a techno version of the Michael Myers theme song . Hmm ... 
For all the single ladies who are in such a hurry to find someone , here's a piece of biblical advice 
: Ruth patiently awaited for her mate Boaz . While waiting for your Boaz , dnt settle for ANY of his relatives : broke-az , cheap-az , lyin-az , po-az , dumb-az , cheating-az , locked up-az , good for nothin-az , lazy-az , married-az , and especially his 3rd cousin beat yo-az . 
So my cousin died of an overdose on heroin a few weeks ago and I just found out a friend of his died of an overdose on over the counter drugs and alcohol . Shaun's death wasn't a suicide , but as for his friend Jeremy , I'm unsure . I've only met him once at my cousin's funeral . If your feeling like this is it , this is THE END please call 1-800-273-TALK ( 1-800-273-8255 ) . Or you can call me : 559-816-1677 . I'll ALWAYS be there to help to the best of my ability . Don't be afraid . Don't kill yourself . 
Heh , would you look at that ? A silver lining . [: 
Soooo when I get rich I'm gonna buy a robot whose only function is to go wherever I go and agree with everything I say . 
I GOT THE CINEMA CLASS !!! =D I now officially have 5 classes . I wonder if I should take another class ... 
Soooo tomorrow I'm gonna wear my I & hearts ; SF shirt , my I & hearts ; SF sweatshirt , and my Giant's cap . I hope someone asks me where I'm going ;] 
Go to your profile . Look to your left . First 7 friends are your Zombie Apocalypse Team . 

Sidekick : Jesse Taylor - Just do everything I say ( JK ) . 
Heavy Weapons : Jessica Hamilton - LOVIN IT ! 
The idiot that survives : Alex Seide - Well on the up side you survive . 
Sniper : Jacob Gettys - Good thing I know you can shoot . [= 
The one that loses it : Joelene Koutny - I'll bring the crazy meds . 
The Brains : Sami Olsen - Cool . We're not doomed . 
Dies : Richard M Castillo - Obviously due to LACK OF COMMUNICATION 
" We're just fumbling through the grey , trying to find a heart that's not walking away . " - Mat Kearney 
I just finished watching Tangled for the first time . It was so cute ! 
Anyone know what WTG stands for ? I keep thinking it means " what the goat " but I may be wrong . 
There's something about Johnny Cash that makes me want to scream at strangers , " MY NAME IS SUE ! HOW DO YOU DO ?!? NOW YOU GONNA DIE ! " ... I've been reading all day long about how insane people are . I'm feeling quite reckless at the moment . 
I just took a 300 question personality test . I scored a 13 in modesty , a 92 in achievement-striving , and a 2 in self-consciousness ( each out of 100 ) , which means I * know * I'm the shit and I excel at being just that , and I don't give a damn what others think about me ;) 
This lady tried to sell me free magazines -- for just $4.99 a week -.- 
Not much of a cat person , but I really want one just so I can name it Voldemort . Best cat name ever ! 
According to science , we are " wired " to select compatible mates , but not those so similar as to cause inbreeding problems . 
" I know they say things get worse before they get better , but this is a worse that feels too big . " 
OKAY I HAVE A PHONE AGAIN . NEW NUMBER - 415.786.4566 
I want a douche bag jar ! ( Just watched The New Girl ) 
I just found out that the Giants " released " Aaron Rowand and Miguel Tejada . I'll miss them :/ 
Hey Becky Porter , I'm just wondering if you remember something : dog sleighing . 
Today was one of those rare kick ass good days :) 
So NASA says that there will be a 6 ton satellite falling from the sky today . No worries though . Your chances of getting hit are 1 in 3,200 . 
had a dream Sora[KH ] was attacking an evil christmas tree ... i'm not obsessed ! 
Chris ... & hearts ; . 
Today went from good to epic in about 1 minute . :) 
Like the big bad wolf I'm born to be bad and bad to the bone . 
currently suffering from the delusion of alternative motives . FML . Well , time for math . 
Have you ever missed someone so much that you feel like your skin is literally stretching just so you can be that much closer to that one person ? This sucks . And it's rather uncomfortable and I'm losing sleep over it . 
What do you do when someone you know is fading into scum ? Just wondering ... 
I'm not lost , just undiscovered . 
Just reread Perks Of Being A Wallflower . Best book EVER ... and now I can't sleep from how awesome it is . 
" If you were on facebook I'd so be your fan . " -- random dude at the DC told me that :] 
you know your day is gonna be awesome when you wake up to perfect hair . :) 
The gym has a wii !?!? 
I just watched " Turtles Can Fly " and now I'm depressed . One of the saddest movies ever .... but still really well done . UGH 
Reading James Joyce is cruel and unusual punishment . 
Apparently the movie that Matt's doing here in SF is also staring gwyneth paltrow , kate winslet , and jude law . i wonder if they're here . And the director is Steven Soderbergh ( Ocean's Eleven , among others ) . Yep . I'm excited . Hanging out downtown all tomorrow . See if I can get some pics on the Alcatraz TV show that's gonna premiere in the fall too . 
I WANT ICECREAM !!! 
No I'm not color blind , I know the world is black and white . Try to keep an open mind but I just can't sleep on this tonight ... 
why does the internet refuse to work ? 
Ew . Business calculus midterm tonight . =/ 
Wow . I'm fucking pissed . 
All guys secretly like romantic comedies ... :) 
9 pages away from the end of The Innocent Mage and I realize how it ends . I'm pissed . >:[ It's not a cool ending . 
If the theory of god(s ) never existed , would we have a conscience ? 
It was a good day . Aced my math midterm , felt like a genius , and got subway with vivek . :) 
there's a place in san francisco that sells 12 pound sundaes . i'm so getting one ! 
There's nothing like feeling proud of yourself . It's like feeling infinity inside you . Epic . 
Damn . I need to stop treating people like they're worth something . They obviously can't handle it . Cosmic disappointment . 
I can feel the awesomeness of today already seeping into me , but then again , that could also be the minty freshness of my toothpaste . The world may never know . o . 0 
AH ! i need to pay for housing ! 
Today I was disappointed . Twice . It was epic . 
What does it mean to be human ? Nothing . That's why we're striving to be something else . 
" Significance : the quality of having a meaning . " 
almost done with my human sexuality essay . WHAT'S A GENDER ROLE/DOUBLE STANDARD ? i need one smallish body paragraph and then i'm done with this thing . 
There's a book called The Book of Awesome . I need it . 
so there are these muffins baking in an oven and one says to the other " it's hot " and the other one says " oh shit , a talking muffin . " 
I want to get drunk with Dr. Drew . 
Not my chair , not my problem . 
What are we doing ? :( 
I'm not a jealous person , I'm not , but i think there are a few things where I'm entitled to be . 
my logic senses are tingling . 
finished reading Alice's Adventures in Wonderland . Odd book . Maybe Through the Looking Glass is um , odder . 
so as i'm trying to study , i realize last night was sorta a bad idea . lol 
This tingling sensation must be from my untamed attractiveness . ;] 
And everywhere I look everything is looking so good , and everyone is you . :] 
I want a massage ! 
Out of sight , out of mind ... 
Oh no ! I'm humanoid ! 
There are 16,777,216 cells in Microsoft Excel . :) 65,536 rows . 256 columns . 
No worries , I'm not a lesbian . 
I & hearts ; orange juice . 
Picked my classes . 
Kinda out of it tonight :/ 
I'm so good I forget it ... sometimes . ;] 
My little sister has to watch " The Miracle of Life : Part 2 " tomorrow in health class . 
I want hot chocolate ... 
So I'm writing my paper for my final and i REALLY want to put a harry potter reference . Might be a tad too informal though . 
Ugh . I need to learn how to sleep . 
Going to San Francisco in SIXTEEN DAYS ! :D 
I wanna watch the Hangover again :) 
I'm an orange . :) 
11:11 ! make a wish ! 
I want a 6 pound milkshake . 
1 a.m. Time for a few shots of happiness . 
Why can't i snap my fingers and this essay be done ? Why doesn't the world work like that ? 
AT&T service isn't working that great * uber sad face * :[ 
Mission accomplished . 
Damn . Just missed 11:11 . 
" Babe , you're my forever girl . " :] 
Boy you a sight to see , kinda something like me ;D 
Wow . I was so excited to see The Last Airbender until I found out who the cast was ... epic disappointment . :( Sakka is Jasper from Twilight movie , not to mention he's a white man in an asian movie , Zuko is just " meh " cute instead of drop-dead sexy , and Uncle Iroh isn't fat ! WHAT THE HELL !?!? 
The hardest part of ending is starting again . 
Just wrote an awesome script . Who's got a camera ? 
Just got all my grades in . My parents owe me $200 . x ] 
" If you sleep with dogs you wake up with fleas . " Am I the only one that sees the double meaning in this ? 
Well if this doesn't work out , I can always be a surrogate mother ! 
I'm gonna meet Matt Damon this weekend . 
I'm missing a sock . I blame quantum physics .... or becky's cat . -.- 
It's 8:21 in california . why are all you guys online ? lol 
I think this is the happiest I've been all summer ! XD 
Dude : What happened to your finger ? 
Me : Oh , I was just juggling knives and accidentally sliced it open . 
Dude : * laughs * Really ? 
Me : Yep . ;] 
" Love is like a water park . At first you are enthusiastic about riding the fast dangerous ones , but after getting tired of waiting in line behind a bunch of assholes everyone just ends up with the fatties in the lazy river . " - Greg 
So I was just thinking about life and ya know what ? I very much love my friends :) 
Road trip to Florida ! :] 
Apple sucks . 
Avatar Last Airbender was a disappointment ... 
Great day . I love east coast beaches . And being able to wear my bathing suit everyday . 
All those who believe in psychokinesis , raise my hand . 
Get Excited and Make Something . That's what I learned in college today . 
Went on a slip n slide full of jello today . x ] 
Today I saw an old granny wearing fashionable stunna shades and a fat dude running in what looked like underwear . I love san francisco . It feels so good to be back . And who knew safeway could be so much fun ? =] 
is having an exceptionally excellent day . :) 
" ... Besides , I am religious . " 
" You're an atheist . " 
" Exactly . " ;) 
Hard to pack clothes when I look good in everything . ;] 
I really need Chris :( Stupid army boot camp . 
Back in san francisco ... with nothing to do * sad face * 
lol . it's raining so everyone's on facebook . :) 
Something tells me that this semester is going to be one hell of a joy ride . X ] I'm excited . 4 Days ! 
We accept the love we think we deserve . 
" Girls might as well grow a penis go with their set of balls . " Becky , I couldn't agree more . 
Isn't it amazing how some people just DON'T change ? Kinda makes me sad . Seriously people , get some damn self-respect and go experience life . Get out of your comfort zone . Laugh at yourself . Stop waiting for things that won't come and go get it . Live dammit . It's quite fun . Be a bad ass , not a wimp . 
Sooooo tired that I'm ditching class to take a nap . then i'm gonna pull an another all-nighter with jairo and a GIANT thing of dr. pepper from subway :] 
So I found out I lost 5 lbs , and what do I do ? Celebrate by eating a cupcake :) I & hearts ; cupcakes . They're cute . 
? Collapse into me tired with joy .. ? 
I'm hoping we can make some wishes out of airplanes . 
I think I sprained my wrist :( 
I'm so happy , I think I'm glowing ... :) 
Just spent an incredible day hanging out with Angel :] We saw Scott Pilgrim vs . The World ( awesome ! ) . There was this intense preview ... that is until the whole movie theater found out it was directed by M . Night Shyamalan . The entire movie theater went " ugh . " It was hilarious . 
I know we got it good , but they got it made and the grass is looking greener each day . 
THERE'S A HARRY POTTER BA DEGREE COURSE !!! ... but not at my college . lame :( 
When I become a director , I'm gonna have someone make me a sandwich . 
Hello . I'm being passive aggressive on facebook cuz I know I'm bitching about something that doesn't even matter and too chicken to say the real reason why I'm irritated :) 
HOORAY FOR PASSIVE AGGRESSIVENESS . Can I get some likes ? 
Guys make better sandwiches !! * COUGHRICHARDCOUGH * 
I don't have a place . I'm a nomad with a cell phone . 
So ... anyone wanna be in a movie ? lol 
You ever think " No , that can't be it . That was too easy . " It makes me kinda anxious , but I'll enjoy the comforting thought while I can . Besides , it feels like forever ago . Memories beginning to fade :] 
Ew . 
Sooooo .... i think i really want tattoo sleeves , and a zipper down my spine . Among other things . 
Burned 1000 calories at the gym today ... because I can ;D 
Don't say a word just come over and lie here with me cuz I'm just about to set fire to everything I see . I want you so bad I'll go back on the things I believe . There , I just said it : I'm scared you'll forget about me ... & hearts ; 
WAY TO GO GIANTS !!!!!!! 
He keeps talking about girls like they're all cunts yet asks me on a date ... Gee , I feel ever so special . Well , takes a douche bag to know a cunt . ;] 
2 hours and 34 minutes left ... i'm excited ! XD 
I FINISHED MY MOVIE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! XD Upload it tomorrow so everyone can see the awesomeness of it ;] 
Giants kicked some giant ass tonight . That's right , FEAR THE BEARD ! :D 
The bad thing about UNO computerized games is that it won't let you cheat . :( 
GO GIANTS !! 
I & hearts ; water . 
Filling out job applications ... 
Castro street fair tomorrow ! WOOT ! :D 
Please put this on your status if you know someone , or are related 2 someone who has been eaten by a dragon . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have been eaten by dragons . The other 7% are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers . 
I helped a man find his wallet and got a new life goal . I know it's a little late , but it feels like Christmas finally . :) 
I WANT MASHED POTATOES !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
So the Harry Potter midnight premiere comes out in 4 days , which means I need to have a Harry Potter marathon before then . :) 
KINDAAAAA hyper . :) i have icecream . lewis carroll is a strange person , but i like him . 
Apparently men dream about other men more than women . Women dream about both pretty equally . No wonder guys are always trying to show how macho they are to other men . They don't want guys to think they're gay . 
There's a rumor that all the potter stars got tattoo lightning bolt scars on their rear ends . LOL 
Don't come back for me , don't come back at all . 
So .... I think I just got a job ? lol 
Gonna watch some HEY ARNOLD ! Kickin ' old school :D 
Got an email asking me to sign up for the Peace Corps . Hmm ... 
Welcome to reality dipshits . 
Today I was literally in the middle of a drug exchange . And I saw a hooker who was with a client going to a hotel . I also saw a mom smoking her cigarette while walking her baby . This girl with a banana gave her a funny look . Alas , the wonders of San Francisco . 
So I think for my new year's resolution I'm gonna throw out all those people who bring me down . They're pretty much junk in my life to begin with . No need to be a pack rat . :) 
Becky Porter and I secretly recorded her family eating thanksgiving dinner - video coming soon ! :D 
Got a par t-t ime job at a gym , met a guy , hoping to get another part time job at another gym , and i just drank a milkshake while experiencing an earthquake ( i think ) . I'm loving 2011 . 
Woke up singing and dancing . For a brief moment , my life was a musical . 
* Girl kisses guy out of joy * 
man : you can't do that . i'm a man , you're a woman . i fall in love very easily . 
woman : don't worry , i don't . 
I & hearts ; Robin Hood . 
Damn . I want a cookie . 
Has a new laptop :] 
