ok .... on my way to the shop !! anybody want anything ?? realistic people !! 
Misses the fun days !! I really need to party this week end and i do mean hard !! Who's joining me ?? 
has just loved that brilliant moment to thank Gaia for , bring us thunder , bring us rain .. Bring us some Ice cream and a duvet !!! 
Wauu it has been a long time i had time for the book .. I'm back but not for good :P see you in alittle while I hope :D 
i believe it's time to sleep again and no time to say hey .. but I miss you all and see you soon .. beijos e abraços :D from me 
To all my facebook friends !!! I'm sorry i've been far and have to stay for a bit longer , i will get in touch soon .. LoveRX 
Happy !!! 
Organic Trance !!! 
Listen !!! 
BodyRox !!!!! This saturday at the Fez !! COME !!! It will be great !!!!! :D 
England I do love you but do you have to wake me up at 6.15 every morning ?? Ohh !! If there are any lonely early risers around lets go for a run !!! XxxRi :D 
is loving the sun !!! :D 
If you have not watched it you need to !!! Tempil Grandin ( 2010 ) BEST MOVIE EVER MADE !!! 
is IN LOVE and late for work !!! 
LOVE JAPAN :D Want to stay and all of you to join me !!! :D X 
Gentlemen , Ladies ... I have a question ... I think it is a good one .. 
What is empathy ?? 
Please come back to me with responses , this should be really interesting !!! Xxx 
Who is coming to Boom with me ??? 18-26 August , 182-297 euros + flights for the non portuguese , which are currently at 44 euros each way !!! What do you say ???? Xx Rita 
Happy Valentines couples ... To the rest of us we survived yet another Single Awareness Day ... Congratulations !!! x 
So 
friends .. Boom's tickets will end soon i have mine .. are you coming ?? 
How about to the CB2 Tonight !!! I am having my guitar and singing 
debut !! :D Come !! Would love to see you .. Tickets are £3 thought and i 
can always play and sing for you for free .. but it could be fun !! :D X 
Love BOOM !!!! 
Up !! Ready !! People I have not seen recently !! What are you doing today ?? I off on a mad mission to find and fit you all into one tiny day !!! Hahahaha !! Well i will try , so get in touch , if you are doing anything fun !!! :D xxx 
Portugal !!! Meus amigos !! Tou por cá !!! Vamos fazer algo ?? Paredes de coura ?? Boom ?? Entretanto ?? Vamos !!! Get in touch !!! :D Xx 
Would like to get in touch with old friends but finding it hard to know where to start !!! 
Calling at all my seamstress friends !! How the hell do you make a sewing machine work ???? All e-mails , txts , calls , video calls welcome and very much appreciated !!! xxx P.S Watch that movie !!!! 
Is wondring what she is doing at this time of the morning on a Saturday when she's partying this evening !! Must be the excitment !!!! Come !!!! xxxx 
Last Gay night ever ???? Dot Cotton 25 september !!! Come !!!! Xxx :D 
sunny day , a little chilly ... What to do .. What to do ... Any suggestions ?! x 
Needs positive thinking and motivational words !!! please send any you can think of !!! xx 
Dancing naked in the rain !!! Feeling so connected !! :D 
I am on my way !!! 
in Japan !!! Crazy so far but oh .. so amazing !!! Will be partying Japanese style ( well sort of ) tonight !!! I will keep everyone posted !!! xxx Cya you all soonish !! :D 
Friends .. I need some help ... Coast for the week-end .. Where can I go that is closeish , lovely and full of exciting fun ? many thanx xxri 
Hello again my friends , I am now asking for HELP to my COMPUTER TECH FRIENDS , can i please have some suggestions on the best ( value for money 1T and above , fast ) EXTERNAL DRIVE ... Many thanx from me XxRi :D 
How far down the rabbit hole do you want to go ? Watch : " Down the rabbit hole " 
