it's easy trying to be cool n macho but quite tough in times wen the fate decides to test you 
The sun is so soothing 
It's true we all fall in luv , bt hesitate in proposing our luv . 
i too did d same n i regret it too . 
but you don't repeat the same mistake dat i did . 
go ahead n propose . 
it's better to have a NO in ur kitty than to live ur life in doubt . 

happy propose day doston . 
aiye 
Aaj k din to 
ek jadu ki jhappi to banta hai na 
mamu 
...... 
I wish u all get to b wid d person u luv n adore through out ur life 
HAPPY VALENTINE DAY 
.. 
Two positives when brought together can result in a negative ....... 
its life 
my life is a mess 
Goin to kalpakkam nuclear reactor establishment 
Gonna b busy , quite busy for a week atleast ........... 
be " JANUS " , the roman deity . 
who knows where ur worst enemy is comin from ? 
Just taking each day at a time and enjoying the left over days of my bachelorhood . 
Stranded in d mid of my return journey in d port city of nagapattinam . heard of it ... 
Its really funny wen ur neck is locked . 
AKON " THERE IS NO PERFECT LIFE BUT WE CAN FILL IT WITH PERFECT MOMENTS " . 
Faith n believe r just a tool for deception 
Hmmmm ............ experiencing a peaceful working environment in kalpakkam . 
Happy ROSE day to all of you my dear pals . 
Wish u all to hav a transparent and corruption free india .............. 
Happy republic day .......... 
Gud bye bangaluru ........ see u some other time ... 
Oops havin pain in my neck . it hurts badly :( 
Delhi is turning more chiller n here bangalore weather which used to have humane touch is too inching to extremes although slowly . 
the best way to live peacefully is to listen to what each one says but act as per your own wish .................................... 
wat say ? 
Just bought the autobiography of MAHATMA GANDHI titled " MY EXPERIMENTS WITH TRUTH " 
Taking care of a person who is mentally ill is a tedious task . But if u succeed , it elevates ur self respect . 
Just wait for the future to unfold itself n njot it ............. 
Just pray he gets well soon & re-unites with his families . 
donnow why ? bt feeling low 
if u adore n luv something deeply and it meets with an incident the heart weeps badly . 
am going through a similar phase in my life . 
We need to be subtle -- congenial yet cunning , democratic yet devious . 
The fragnance of life lies hidden in the bud of truth , love & compassion . 
Explore it ................ 
Back in bangalore after 7 yrs 
Why cant we all be ' INDIANS ' rather than ' BENGALI ' , ' BIHARI ' , ' PUNJABI ' , ' TAMILIAN ' , ' HARYANVI ' , ' RAJASTHANI ' and ................................................ 
It's tough to remain calm in adverse condition , but who does , can accomplish all his dreams . 
after each tragedy a commmittee is formed to find the cause and suggest remedy . but is anyone serious as far as implementation of the suggestion is concerned . 
Ego is the worst enemy of a person . Get rid of it . 
Do you believe M K GANDHI was a great man ? Think again . 
The one who is most dearer to you is also the one who can hurt you the most . 
Omg atlast d journey has restarted after a long long pause of 8 hrs . 
planning to halt at pondicherry for some boose ....................... 
Am away plz take care of my aquarium and cafe ................ 
praise urself n d whole world will praise u .............................. 
" It must be LOVE " 
d best collection 
Hav u watched " NO ONE KILLED JESSICA " . If your answer is NO just postpone all ur job and watch it this weekend . It's inspritional awesome and one in a life time movie . Be brave and fight against injustice . 
The purest part of our body are the eyes . It hides nothing . 
Happy promise day to all of you . 
my promise " i wont let d fate take u far from me " . 
@ ........... u know i mean u . 
if u luv greenery plz visit my farm too ........... 
The latest entrant in my close to heart collection of books is " Seasons of Reflection " . 
read it to calm ur mind n soul . a complete n explanatory collection of old & new testament . 
god bless u all . 
God gave us lips to smile n look cute . 
so keep smiling n keep luking cute ............... 
Arrogance is the key of destruction . 
Smoking is injurious to health . 
But i do smoke to finish all d cigarattes in this world so dat u may not find one to smoke . 
social cause 
Hahahaha lolz some damn bridge broke on d route dat i hav to follow 
seems lady luck is quite annoyed at me 
When does GOD 
gets mad ? 
When the Mom of a 
teenager finds out her 
sweet daughter is 
pregnant & she says , 
" Oh Lord why did you do 
this to my daughter ?? " 
took it out from a friends post ......... 
bt it is damn true .................... 
isn't it ???????? 
NEVER PUT TOO MUCH TRUST IN FRIENDS , LEARN HOW TO USE YOUR ENEMIES . 
We all hate corruption and d demand for bribe . 
bt wat we do to tackle dis problem ? 
Practically nothing positive . 
other than giving a few extra bucks to smoothe completion n fulfillment of our job . 
isn't it true ? 
