Hoping for zero tornadoes today and looking forward to Saturday : grad . party for a HS friend I haven't seen in YEARS and date night with hubby !!!! 
Buddy doing better- might be able to go to my dance lesson after all !! :D * crosses fingers and toes * Also thinking I might go ahead and get my hair chopped off soon ! Locks of Love can just sell if it's too short anyway . ;) 
He sweats buckets playing the new Punch Out on Wii and for some reason he has to come show me ?! 
Just ordered my first pair of ghillies !!!!! 
Am thinking that since I don't feel like throwing three different clothing swap parties to accommodate the different styles , ages and sizes of my variety of friends , and it would be too chaotic to do one big one , that maybe I'll do an accessory swap party 
Nothing gets you up early like severe thunderstorms . 8| 
Boredom cured :P 
Why am I bored when I can think of at least a dozen things I could be doing right now besides sitting at the computer being bored ? :/ 
Time to get off my butt and get ready for the day . 
Physical therapist says Ben's good to go , x-rays were clear , now just waiting for his next appt Monday to look over everything and confirm that he is ready to get back to roofing !!! 
We turn up the AC unit and all the fans and the power starts flickering . God forbid we try to be comfortable !! :*( 
Now knows one whole dance :) 
Wants to go back to bed ... but too much to do today . 
Is loving this rain , but hoping it stops in time for Pekin fireworks ! 
Just set my phone's alarm clock to my ringtone- that oughta wake me up in the morning ! lol ! 
Where did the day go ?? Time for dinner already ! 
Is tired and debating staying up to upload pics and videos 
Inner strength isn't about fighting your demons ; it's about standing still , looking them straight in the eye and saying " Know what ? This game is old , and I'm not playing anymore " 
Listening to Mickey torture the cat . Hasn't he learned to hide yet ? * sigh * 
Happy Father's Day to all you dads !!!!! 
Ben is officially cleared for roofing ! Gonna go to the hall after work tomorrow to hand in his note . :D 
Just cleaned up the living room and still lots to do today !! 
About to do some research on stuff to do around Chicago that might be good the day after a concert when we have to check out of a hotel around noon then also drive 3 hours back home before nightfall . If anyone has suggestions , let me know . 
2nd Call for Gaelic Storm tickets ($26 gen . admission , standing room only ) it's in West Dundee , near Chicago July 17 @ 8 pm . Comment if you're going or are interested , even if I've talked to you already ! 
Gotta get off this computer and get some stuff done before I gotta leave for dance !! 
Waiting for the hubby to get home so I can run a couple errands . Hopefully the babies decide to nap soon ... 
Is sorry for the loss of a talented little boy and young man , however I believe he really died over 20 years ago . I've tried- I just can't bring myself to mourn a pedophile . Big hugs to all you who can look past that and I hope you feel better in time . 
Cooking dinner , hoping that all the meteorologists are exaggerating ... or else I won't get much sleep next couple nights . 8| 
Think I'll walk down to Double D's for lunch . 
Tomorrow I get to start weening off my med ! Yaaaay !! 
Hoping this weekend stays as beautiful as forecast- I might actually have to bring a jacket , lol ! 2 MORE DAYS !!!!!!!! 
Glen Oak pics and videos tomorrow sometime I promise ! 
Okay gotta get some stuff done before bed- got a busy day tomorrow ! 
Nice afternoon- trying to cool down from hauling groceries up before we go on our date night ! 
Waiting for my step-mom to come give me a ride to dance . :) 
All caught up ! Laptop is quite old and probably not enough memory and RAM for what we do on here ;) Time to research some new ones ... 
Erin crawling off her belly this morning !! 
Listening to the Pekin rednecks light off more fireworks and hoping nothing comes our way 8| 
Today is flying by . :P 
" No one can make you feel inferior without your consent . " - Eleanor Roosevelt 
1 week to go !!!! 
After reading some testimonials , I think I'm going to rework weaning off celexa so it goes much slower than the two weeks my doctor told me . Thank God I'm not one of those people who ended up taking this stuff for several YEARS ! 
" Mama let that boy play some rock and roll ... " 
is only up this early because Erin kept yelling at me . 
Love my babies but they're driving me CRAZY !!! Can't wait for the Chicago trip !! 1 1/2 weeks to go !! 
Chicago in 3 days !!! 
Drinking some Miller Chill and feeling pretty happy . Just wish the babies would calm down too ! 
Think I might be burnt out from house work for a while . Too bad the place only looks slightly better . :/ 
Waiting for Grammy and Grampy to pick up the kids so I can put in a full day of major housework ! 
Time to put the kids down for a nap and catch up on housework 
My brain fries out before my body does- want to keep practicing but keep losing track of the steps ! Ah , well . Need a break anyway ... 
Just practiced for the first time in almost a week- got so caught up with the planning and the trip . Can't believe I slacked off so much . :( 
In Metamora ! Vacation was fun- just wanna catch up now ;) 
is braindead- wish the laundry would sort itself ... 
Hooray for research ! Now to have the time to get those bugs out of the apartment- and to get some sleep . 
Looking forward to July- Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince movie , Chicago trip with my hubby and twin-laws ( hehe ) and Mickey turning 2 . 
Looks like another busy weekend ahead ! 
Going through random people's photos ... putting off making lunch ... 
" The closest I've come to ending up dead was the night that I punched Russel Crowe " The Gladiator " in the head " -Stuck in my head last few days . :D 
Got some good birthday photos , now just waiting for Ben to get started baking the cakes so can decorate them ... just waiting ... patiently ... yup ... just waiting ... * sigh * 
Just had some AWESOME fudge my folks brought back from Wisconsin Dells !! Thank you !!! 
" Me and the moon stayed up all night- I brought the whiskey , he brought the light ! " 
Thinking about the upcoming weekend- Mickey's birthday photos tomorrow , and I get to decorate two cakes !! 
is scoping out future Gaelic Storm tour dates teehee . :D 
Think I've figured out how to clip Mickey's nails without having Ben help hold him down . I think I'll memorize some nursery rhymes ... don't really wanna recite Goodnight Moon 4 or 5 times in a row ;) 
Can't hurt ... Facebook has agreed to let third party advertisers use your posted pictures without your permission . Click on " Settings " up at the top where you see the " Logout " link . Select " Privacy " . Then select " News Feed and Wall " . Next , select the tab 
Why does facebook think it has to tell me they lost my quiz results ? :/ If I really care I'll just take it again ! Stay out of my notifications !! 
Currently seeking babysitter for Saturday night by around 4:30 /5pm through midnight . Peoria Theater showing Big Lebowski ! 
That's enough screwing around- time for bed ! 
Had a pretty good day but I think it's time for bed . 
Apparently today is a lazy day :P Better get moving . 
Ugh- love that it's so nice out but hate that this apartment has such poor air circulation- I still have to turn the A/C on in the afternoon . :/ Better than all day I guess . 
Thinking August is going to be super-busy . In fact , it's already spilled over to the end of this month and the beginning of September ! If you have plans for us next couple months please remind me what they are , lol !! 
About to eat some dinner and head to Glen Oak for the fireworks ! 
" Hey , honey . Are you mad about me making a joke on how you don't get paid to do housework because it's not a real job ? " Well , gee , why would I be mad about that ? :/ 
Gonna need help this weekend- Saturday- need to get laundry done somewhere with AC , Ben working so will need myself and kids picked up . Sunday is dance will need someone to watch kids and offer me a ride ( again , Ben is working ) I may repost this later today for people who are at work right now ;) Now to start lunch . 
Time to make dinner , then go to a purse party ! :) 
Excited to get back to dance class this afternoon- been two weeks ! 
* achoo * You know , I don't think I ever had a summer cold until I had these babies . :/ luckily it seems like a small one ;) 
Wondering if I can squeeze in a nap before the kids wake up 
Why the hell do I have * NSYNC stuck in my head ???? 
Ben is off to Peoria Roofing to demand employment ! Cross your fingers ! 
Okay enough stalling ! and away I go ! 
Is it Friday already ? Em's birthday party tomorrow ! 
Lazy Friday continues- getting ready to re-heat some left overs in the oven ! 
Aw , jeez , not this sh*t again ! 
OMFG !! Erin Feis in 2 WEEKS !!!! EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
What a stressful evening . No events- just constant crap . Beer is helping me along though :P 
Listening to Gaelic Storm- " In the big pub , way up in the sky , you'll never , ever , ever , ever , ever drink ' em dry !! " 
Just found out some dumb ass kid coming from the high school plowed his truck through my mom's neighbors backyard and stopped in the middle of her backyard . Completely destroyed all the decor and flowers and tomato plants the neighbor had . Debris and tire 
Think I finally unlocked the secret to the final step in sword ... for the love of God , don't stop jumping ! lol !! ;) 
Gotta finish getting ready for dance . 
Dawned on me today that with Erin and Mickey able to entertain themselves and Erin starting to self-feed a bit , I now have time to start that eBay craft store I've been talking about for years . I certainly have enough yarn ! 
The good news about Stereograms/ Hidden 3d image pictures is you can't waste tons of time looking at them because it's not long before your eyes and head hurt ! ;) 
Think I'm gonna get my hair chopped off tomorrow !! 
* what I think he said * Mickey : Mom ! Mom ! Mom ! Me : What ?! Mickey : Um ... I don't know . Okay . * walks away * LMAO !! 
ICK !! I hate summer !!!! >:( 
Looking forward to Erin Feis tonight and enjoying the good Irish weather !! :D 
What a scary storm ! Glad Ben was home to help me run the kids downstairs . Could have done without the power outage but it's back in time for dinner ;) 
wants to go back to bed 
Mindless chatting on facebook is fun but dinner is ready and I need to eat :P 
Had a full weekend- it was fun but I'm glad its over . ;) Now hoping for some GREAT news this week and maybe some money will magically fall into our laps so we can truly enjoy Erin Feis next weekend !! 
Repost from earlier- Gonna need help this weekend- Saturday- need to get laundry done somewhere with AC , Ben working so will need myself and kids picked up . Sunday is dance will need someone to watch kids- ride is taken care of ( again , Ben is working ) 
Getting awful sick of the AT&T ad banners slowing down facebook all the time . Anyone else ? :/ 
Am wondering if I'm crazy enough to go in the pool later even though it'll only be 71 degrees out ... 
That's enough goofing off- time to be productive ;) 
Getting the weekend fun planned ! :D 
Doing better , think I know why I've been groggy and cranky last few days ... and the good news with that is now I can try to fix it ;) 
Funny movie- nice dinner- now home with a bottle of Sam Adams Cherry Wheat and no kids to feed and dress in the morning :D 
Question , mainly for the other highland dancers but I'll accept an answer from whoever might have previous experience with the issue . ;) After I put in a practice session , the insides of my calves get sore . It's not severe , and goes away after a little wh 
Is thinking , if I woke up an hour earlier would I have had time to do everything this morning and still go to church before Willows party ? hmm ... 
Erin's turning one in almost 2 months ! Gotta start planning a party !! ( costume party for sure- hooray for halloween babies ! ) 
Loving this break in the summer weather !! Haven't had the AC on all day ! 
Off to Peoria for some errands ! :P 
My fault I learned the last step of sword wrong and I will bust my butt fix it in time for next competition season in May ... just gotta remember to learn the other dances right the first time along the way ! ;) 
Just spent nearly all morning trying to figure out the best train route to West Dundee- probably take Amtrak to Glenview and rent a car from there- enterprise has a place nearby . It's coming together !! :D 
" When the sun return , I will resume my life . " From a George Carlin compilation- totally out of context ;) 
Just cut Mickey's hair myself ! Don't think I did too bad ;) Left the camera at my in-laws so sadly no pictures yet ! 
It's the little things that remind you who you need in your life- if you're reading this , I love you ! * hugs * 
Hoping to have a kid free evening- if anyone wants to babysit ;) 
Woo-Hoo !! Erin Feis admission Friday between 4:30 and 5:30 is FREE ! Now I wonder if we can somehow get the beer and shepherds pie for free too ... 
Off to do some highland dancing !! 
is drunk . You have been warned 
Home at last- what a cool movie ! 
Came home to a stocked kitchen ! Thanks , in-laws ! ;) 
Can you high schoolers do me a favor and let me know when you start hearing mention of the homecoming dance ? I've got a bunch of dresses I wanna put on eBay but don't wanna waste money on seller fees by putting them up too soon ;) 
HAHAHA !! Facebook in English(Pirate ) is hilarious ! Obviously based on the old school pirates and not today's super-scary ones with machine guns :P 
Need to get off my lazy butt and start catching up on housework :( 
Is spending some time on iLike . If anyone has artist recommendations throw ' em out . 
Begging for scrap yarn ! If anyone has Halloween colors ( bright oranges , greens , purples- no pastels , nothing dark ) send them on to me . I don't need black or white- got plenty of those . 
Good news : Erin can pull herself up to stand Bad news : she won't stop doing this in her crib long enough to go to bed ! 
Aw- watching Mickey put Erin's toys back on her highchair tray . :P 
After looking for non-toxic moth repellents , I now think we have pantry moths and have no appetite :( 
This time tomorrow I'll be eating lunch at Navy Pier ... and someone else will be feeding the kids !! :D 
Everyone enjoy your weekend ... I know I will :D Be back Saturday night !!! 
Listening to hubby watch a recording of Buehrle's perfect game . :D 
Facebook Experiment : If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment of a memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you ... 
Hopefully I will remember 9/11 as the day I became employed again- I have an interview at Sears this evening . Wish me luck ! 
Erin is a crawlin ' machine ! 
Don't worry , farmer friends , I haven't given up just focused on some things in my personal life right now ! :) 
Thank God for online apps , a new set filled out . Can't believe I actually applied at Chuck E Cheese . 8| 
Another power outage for no reason :/ 
Busy week- Wee Wares tomorrow , therapy , Ben's birthday dinner , Joe's homecoming party , and somewhere in there I start training at Sears . Just waiting for the call to come back in ! 
If you've recently been tagged in a fan check photo thing you need to remove your tag because there is a virus attached to the app , then tell everyone you know ! 
Went to make sure the kids were napping and Mickey had no pants or diaper on . :/ 
No one should be frozen in carbonite , or be slowly digested for a thousand years in the bowels of a sarlaac , just because they couldn't pay Jabba the Hut what they owe him . If you agree , post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
Woke up in a bad mood and for some reason little is happening to improve it :/ 
Dr. appointment tomorrow- hoping she'll let me try no meds for a while . Dancing , to-do lists etc have been doing more for me than those pills ever did ! 
So early ... but so much to catch up on . 
Erin is gnawing on my arm while I'm trying to type ! lol ! 
Knows how to make money but has no money to spend to do the things that will make money ... WTF ??!! 
Thanks to everyone who has wished Mickey a happy birthday !! 
So it turns out this save a dog app , you can only " foster " one dog at a time . :/ 
Back to work for a 3 hour mandatory staff meeting- at least they're giving us pizza and ice cream , and I'm off tomorrow . :) 
Finally made it through all the yarn ! What a project ! 
" What if this is as good as it gets ? " 
Barely started and am thinking these evenings aren't gonna work for long ! Already gonna miss hogwarts on Saturday cause I apparently missed the window to get it requested off . :( Better start looking into day care 
I dropped Farm Town- one farming app is enough and I like Farmville better ;) 
There's too many people posting about Patrick Swayze to comment on all of them , and I wasn't much of a fan , but just saying it's hard to see someone fight like that and then lose , but he's in a better place now . No more pain , RIP . 
Got the weekend figured out ! :D Now just wish it wasn't supposed to be so freaking hot ! 
Ugh- couple days ago Mickey got a scratch/cut on his big toe and he keeps pulling the band-aid off and even though I clean it and put Neosporin on it his toe is getting red . :( Keep your fingers crossed it clears up and we don't have to start antibiotics before he even gets that first cold of the season ! 
Off to work soon- can't wait for this week to be done so we can settle into a routine ! 
Anyone hiring ? 
HAHA ! Just figured out where Mickey learned " mine " - there's an episode of Sesame Street where everyone catches " Mine-itis " and they all run around grabbing peoples stuff yelling " MINE ! " LMAO ! THANKS , Sesame Street ..... 
Seriously , how hard is it to just put the clothes back where you got them ? Especially in babies and kids . What a nightmare !! 
Is enjoying the quiet but really needs to get her butt moving to get ready for church ... 
Just spent some time going through my profile- getting rid of stuff I don't need anymore and re-arranging things so hopefully it's easier to navigate . Now I'm sleepy :P 
Actually has someone bidding on a dress she put on eBay !! I'll at least make $3 , lol ! So many ideas for the crochet ebiz , wonder if I'll have enough time and money for them all ... 
Thanks for the advice , guys , got lots of good ideas I think ;) 
Is sad that there's already an eBay store called " Crafty Witch " 
Tired as hell- gotta get up and go back to work first thing in the morning , then go back in the evening for a required staff meeting . Doubt I'll make it to dance class ( sorry , girls ) but thank God we've got a break in the madness coming soon !! 
Can somebody please tell me is there anyway to get Mickey to keep his daiper on at least when he's in bed ? Tonight I came home from work and he was covered in poop . I'm going to loose my mind ! 
Off tonight- hubby gonna make cheeseburgers and I'll make halloween cookies ! 
OKAY- " Erin & Mickey peek-a-boo " and " Mickey loves Wii " both those videos say " Video Unavailable " anyone else getting this BS ?? 
In-laws coming by later to take me and kids to Marigold Festival yay !! 
Finally got the kids into a real pool today ! Boy did they have fun ! 
Does not like the sound of today's weather . 8| 
Looking forward to the Bears Sunday night football !! 
Suddenly , through birthing a daughter , a woman finds herself face to face not only with an infant , a little girl , a woman-to-be , but also with her own unresolved conflicts from the past and her hopes and dreams for the future . -Elizabeth Debold 
Yay ... I just had to clean up broken glass from Mickey's crib . Apparently where I had stored the embroidered plaque my mother-in-law made for Erin wasn't completely out of his reach . Somehow he got it into his crib . :/ Luckily no cuts . 
Is thinking we probably won't get everything moved in one day after all . Good thing the office doesn't need the keys back till the last business day of the month ... although if we turn them in early and someone moves in before then we get that much rent back ... ;) 
Need help with the kids this week- Ben's got last-minute prep for Return to Hogwarts ( Yay !!! ) and I gotta finish training so can get on the schedule at work ( yay ? ) so if anyone wants to babysit in the evenings let us know ! 
If anybody has boxes or old newspapers they could donate to help us pack we would appreciate it . We also will need as many as possible for the big move Saturday ! We ( meaning Ben and I ) will help with gas and food ! :) 
By the way , Erin's appointment went well- she's 21 lbs and 30 in and everything moving along like it should . :) 
Well everything I had planned to make tomorrow run smoothly fell through this week due to illness or lack of funds ( You can thank National City for their ridiculous overdraft fees that sucked up most of our last paycheck . THANKS , BASTARDS ! ) so it's going to be a full and possibly stressful day but it'll get done . Wish us luck ! Or come out and help ;) 
Guess I needed that nap :P Running a little behind now , but it's okay . ;) Gonna get stuff together while Erin naps , then take her to get groceries , then off to Metamora for laundry ! ( Mickey stayed with Grammy and Papa last night ) 
in the United States , no one should go broke because they get sick . IF YOU AGREE - post this as your FB status for one day . 
A cold ? The week I'm getting ready to move ? Sure ! Why the hell not ? >:( 
Is anyone else having trouble with hotmail , hulu , or nbc.com? I have SERIOUSLY done EVERYTHING with this computer so I'm starting to think maybe it's not me :/ 
is excited because today is my hubby's birthday and later I get to bake a cake and tomorrow I get to make lasagna and have our folks over ! Happy Birthday Ben Maxwell !! 
If anyone's planning to go to the Marigold festival tomorrow , let me know if you wanna bring me and the kids along . Ben will be putting in a full work day at the Return to Hogwarts set-up at Glen Oak . I also will need help with the kids and a ride to class next three Sundays . 
Thanks for the birthday wishes to my daughter ! Saturday should be interesting , considering I haven't done anything to get ready for it yet and I work tonight and tomorrow ! ;) 
LOL ! The Jobs section at Culver's website : We not only have many “job” opportunities , but “career” opportunities as well . teehee ! 
Hey , friends !! Anyone wanna help fund an oil change and radiator flush so we don't end up killing the car that was practically given to us ? :D 
Feeling slightly irritated by some junior high crap I thought I was over . >:( Please don't ask , just remind me that it doesn't matter and everything's cool now ! 
This job comes naturally to me , but I hesitate to say I love it because a ) always when I admit I love a job some change happens to make me hate it and b ) Christmas is coming and you don't have to work retail to know it's going to suuuuuuck 
Sitting up late , thinking how much this next week is going to suck- we're moving next Saturday , which is only exciting until you have to physically move your crap and contact a whole list of people for change of address . But in a couple weeks my daughter is one already ! 
Can't believe we're moving in a week and a half . This thought comes as our downstairs neighboor slams their front door for the 30th time today , as they do everyday * grrr * 
SOOO glad I found my Ghillies today !! Feel like a dancer again ! :D :D 
pending the criminal background check , which is clean to the best of my knowledge ;) , is a new Merchandise and Pricing Associate at the Northwoods Mall Sears !!! 
Trying to figure out how to keep a toddler and cruiser occupied while I do the parent stuff at the health clinic- shots today ! uuuuggghhh ......... 
Well Ben has the flu . He's actually on day three now- fever pretty low , no coughing , breathing normal . So as long as his fever stays away and the achiness goes down tomorrow he's fine . I'm taking my immune precautions . ;) Just wish I could get the kids to drink OJ and Mickey to take his vitamin !!! :( 
Quick thanks to all the vets in my life and and my loved ones lives ! :) 
Can't wait till that Fourth Kind movie comes out so I don't have to see those trailers anymore . They creep me the f*k out !! 
The new catalytic converter is here !!!! :D 
Ugh- all this time and my in-laws spent a good chunk of money on the part for the car and it's still running rough and has a rattle which I hope is from the mechanic having to adapt it to the car . :/ What is with my god-awful luck with cars ???? 
Hoping this stuff melts off a bit so I can run errands later ! 
Me to Mickey : Are you a baseball fan ? Mickey : No , I a bay- ball fam ... :/ Well I guess he told me :P 
Whatever you give a woman , she will make greater , give her sperm she will make a baby , give her a house she will give you a home , give her groceries she will give you a meal , give her a smile she will give you her heart . She multiplies and enlarges what she is given . So if you give her any crap , be ready to receive a ton of shit ... Pass it along if you agree :) 
Update- they found one of the fugitives that escaped from Peoria County but I'm passing this on about the other- hope if helps : " Keep an eye out for a green Toyota Highlander SUV with Colorado license plates reading 751 BXA ... James Fuller , 44 , 225 ... 6'3 black male is believed to be driving this vehicle ! " 
Sears is already playing Christmas music . :/ 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
One of my in-laws lost their battle with cancer today . Keep my hubby's family in your thoughts and prayers . RIP Les 
Thanks to everyone for your gifts and wishes for Erin's birthday ! It was a fun party ! 
Storms aren't even here yet and it's already freaking dark ! :/ Got my phone , shoes and flashlight ready . Power better stay on !!! 
Up super early for a change . Let's see how I make it through the day ... 
Is home from work before midnight ! Probably won't happen again till the new year . ;) 
Sorry for not keeping in touch . This time of year is naturally busy and working retail I get the worst of it . Hopefully when things calm back down after the holiday I can chat on here more often . Hope everyone's doing well !! 
We need Christmas gift ideas ! Remember I work at Sears ;) 
This " contest " people put on to see who can be the first to comment on their fan pages status updates is rediculous . Wonder if there's a charity I can donate to to get these people a life . I also wonder how many smart-asses will do that in response to this vent , lol ! :P 
2nd Call for Gaelic Storm tickets ($26 gen . admission , standing room only ) it's in West Dundee , near Chicago . Comment if you're going or are interested , even if I've talked to you already ! 
Work at 4 , good thing we close at 6 ! Happy Christmas Eve ! 
hmm ... Maybe I should at least dig up those xmas decorations this week ? ;) 
Getting frustrated ! All I wanna do is burn a slideshow movie onto a CD or DVD to play for Mickey's parties !! GRRR !!!!! 
Happy 2010 !! PLEASE !!!!! 
" This job would be great if it weren't for the f***ing customers . " Randall- Clerks . Something I often think and sometimes consider saying ;) 
Ugh ! Is facebook running slow for anyone else ?? Ha ! I should be in bed anyway :/ 
Is ready for Christmas to be over- working retail this time of year SUCKS ! At least lots of Christmas presents arrived today :) 
Think I'll do Super WHY ! for Mickey's party theme . Colors would be green and blue , in case anyone wants to coordinate wrapping paper but I wouldn't worry about it too much with a 2 year old , lol ! ;) 
Chicago trip- 4 MORE DAYS !!! 
Is tired but dishes must be done . :P 
I turn 26 in exactly a month , and am thinking of going with a video game open house party to celebrate . Who's up for it ? 
Santa's job is done , just gotta get up early enough to start running around . :P Merry Christmas !! 
oh , fine- tan :P I know , how exciting , lol ! 
Its WAYBACK WEEK ! Change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young !! Copy and paste this , and lets see how adorable ( LOL ) we all were !!! 
Has been enjoying catching up on the Office via Netflix instant watch on the 360 . :D 
Anybody catch something like this yet ? Day 1 : Mickey ( 2 yrs ) is completely himself but if he gets food in his stomach he throws up . Day 2 : Erin ( 1 yr ) is exactly the same and now Mickey is lethargic , just wants to lay and watch tv . They've both been getting pedialyte and so far none of the adults in the house have it . Thoughts ? I'm hoping for very mild stomach flu . 
Please put this on your status if you know someone who needs to be beaten relentlessly with a stick of rattan . Beating people with rattan affects the lives of many . There is still no known cure for wanting to beat people with rattan , but we can raise awareness . 93% won't copy and paste this because they don't know what rattan is . 
I know having 4-wheel drive makes you feel special this time of year but do the rest of us a favor and don't ride our asses then pass us like a bat out of hell . It freaks us the f*ck out , and increases our chances of sliding into the ditch OR WORSE . THANK YOU !! * sigh * Don't mind me , actually I want one of those first chance I get , I just don't plan on going nuts . ;) 
Happy birthday to my " Twin-laws " Andy and Valerie ! * hugs * 
" A turkey is chatting with a bull . " I would love to be able to get to the top of that tree , " sighs the turkey , " but I just haven't got the energy . " " Well , why don't you nibble on some of my droppings ? " replies the bull . " They're packed with nutrients . " The turkey pecks at a lump of dung and finds that it ... actually gives him enough strength to reach the first branch of the tree ... 
Let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . I have seen this on a few face book postings .... one word isn't easy to come up with .. lol Could be interesting ... lol 
97% of facebook woman users won't re-post this . " I make mistakes , I am out of control and at times hard to handle . But if you can't handle me at my worst , then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best . " Marilyn Monroe If you are one of the 3% that will admit to the truth then repost this . I am ! 
I have Sears music stuck in my head , and now so do you . It's kinda like losing the game , isn't it ? ;) 
Relaxing evening , nice contrast from the last few days . Gonna watch some late-night Carol Burnett Show infomercials . :) 
Okay , I have NO idea why my last status posted so many times , must have been an issue with my cell . Sorry ! 
Sorry if I tagged anyone in Fan Check . There was a virus attached to it that I did not know about . Please go to Settings , Application Settings and delete Fan Check application , or just remove your tag . I would do this myself for you but I have delete ... d Fan Check already and I don't remember who might be tagged . Sorry for any problems ..... 
In memory of family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your page if you know someone who has or had cancer ? . Dear God , I pray for the cure of cancer . Amen . 
Dinner went well , now just getting the mind set of starting a new job and MOVING ! My mom and step-dad bought a house and we're gonna rent the old one from them . Decent walk from Kroger , the park , a few schools and will be nice to get away from my loud neighboors :D 
Don't you hate when you have a great idea to mess with somebody but all the facebook features that you need to do it they have disabled ? ;) 
Autumn Equinox which means it's OFFICIALLY fall ! YAY FALL !!!! 
Ladies , your red , black , pink , blue , white , butterflied , cheetah printed , and nude bra colors made the news tonight . Facebook doesn't know who started it going but the Susan G Komen foundation says it was a great way to raise awareness for breast cancer . Way to go ! Post this on your wall - if you participated in the Bra ...... Color Game ! ** They had a big write up about it in The Washington Post . ** 
I love my mom ! For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today ... please copy and paste to your profile .. 
IMPORTANT !! HACKER ON FB !! A friend sent me this and I did it an sure enough the same person was on mine .. try it and see if they are on yours .. I found a hacker on my FB . Follow these step .. Go to settings , then privacy settings , then block list , then in person box write-automation log . If someone pops up block them . 
" Making the decision to have a child is momentous . It is to decide forever to have your heart go walking around outside your body . " ~ Elizabeth Stone 
Stupid-ass NBC f-kheads ! Destroy Heroes then buy out Conan to kick him out . Now the only thing worth watching is Biggest Loser , and I always end up watching that on hulu cause I tend to work when it's on . Best of luck to him , he's better off no matter where he goes ! 
If you believe your Daughter is amongst God's greatest blessings on the face of this earth , copy and paste this as your status and give her a hug ! I ? MY DAUGHTER ! 
Dear Old Man Winter , enough with the snow and cold and wind already . Take it all back and shove it . 
So a few days ago I go to the busy-as-hell Kroger in East Peoria and buy a 12 pack and I'm all excited cause my brother-in-law is back at school and I know we're gonna make it last longer than 2 days and I'm enjoying a beer after having one of THOSE evenings at work and you know what I notice the exp . date is ? Jan . 25 ' 10 ?! Are you F-ING kidding me ?? 
OMG ! Rate this status !! This could be fun ! 1 : Lame 2 : retarded 3 : waste of time 4 : bullsh*t 5 : shove it Copy and Paste within the next 45 minutes or you won't be kissed on Thursday , you'll have bad luck for the next 28 years and all your children will be born with 11 toes !!!! 
Apparently it's Doppelgänger week , but I've never been told I look like a celebrity , so oh well ;) :D 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? deserves ? a ? smack ? in ? the ? face ? with ? a ? shovel ? 
Oh , fine , facebook . I'll admit the new layout is simpler and easy to use . Which just means you'll change it around again that much faster . I know this , because it's what always happens with stuff I like ! ;) 
My phone LIVES !!!!! :D For now , lol ! 
hmm well I may have lost my phone to water damage . If you need to reach me send me a message here or my hubby's phone- I'll get you the number if I think you need it cause I'm not posting it ! ;) 
hmm work 3-11 tonight , 8-4 tomorrow . Gonna be a busy weekend :P 
To Celebrate ? Valentines Day ? , change your profile picture to you and your spouse/significant other . Make sure to tell how long you've been together in the first comment box . ? ? 
" I can't come to work today . I TOLD you- my BABY beat me up ! " 
If you are a woman with a wonderful MAN that works hard and loves you , then repost this ... because great men are few and far between and by the grace of God I have one :) ? 
F-k the Olympics . That's right , I said it . ;) 
Happy birthday to my father-in-law Gerry and my brother Jesse !! :D 
omg- my kids are a riot . I can't believe how much personality can be wrapped in a such a small package . ;) 
Thanks for the birthday wishes- I'm leaving for work soon . :P Hope to see some of you Saturday ! 
May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house . -George Carlin 
I wish for so many things so often and I think it may finally be sinking in that if I really want or need these things , I can only get them by actually doing something about it . 
OMG ! Facebook is actually showing a live feed that is actually live ! Quick ! Everyone- collect all your farmville crap before they change their minds again ! ;D 
Guess it's time to dive back into another busy day :P 
Wow- glad today is over and hoping tomorrow is a little easier ! ( but probably not- it's my first time in shoes :P ) 
Thank you to my in-laws for taking the kids out with them so we could enjoy our dinner , which was delicious by the way ;) Hope everyone had a good V-Day ;) 
Nice evening- dinner catching up with a school friend and killed sometime at hell aka Wal-Mart :P I'm ready for St Patty's Day !! 
Wow- I really hope everyone who worked tonight got home safely :) 
There is a VIRUS spreading on Facebook . It is sent as a personal message and it looks like Y O U tube . Spaces are funky in it . If you get this from any of your friends DO NOT CLICK ON IT !!! Not sure what it does exactly , but I do know that it replicates itself . Be aware . 
Is about to send THE strangest friend request ever- stay tuned ! ;) 
OMG ! Wednesday is St Patricks Day ! I'm so excited ! :D 
Baby girl has a cold ... and an ear AND eye infection . :( Mickey sounds like he's catching it too- luckily the promptcare doc was cool and gave us extra ammoxicillan ( sp ? ) . Is it really only Tuesday ?? 
IF YOU GET A NOTIFICATION THAT YOU ARE TAGGED IN A PIC OF " WHO IS STALKING MY PROFILE " DON'T CLICK THE ' TRY ME ' LINK BECAUSE IT'S A VIRUS . IT'S SPREADING VERY FAST . WHAT TO DO : FIND YOUR NAME UNDER THE PICTURE THEN CLICK ON ' REMOVE TAG ' THATS NEXT TO YOUR NAME ! PLEASE , PASS THIS ON SO IT STOPS 
Hey ! Tomorrow is St Patricks Day !! Who's wearing green and getting drunk ? ;) 
Hopes everyone can get out and enjoy the gorgeous weather today ! 
Ending a full but fun St Paddy's day hopefully by not falling asleep in the middle of Boondock Saints . ;) Hope everyone gets home safe ! 
Can't believe how easily the kids accepted bedtime- must be their anniversary gift to their grandparents ;) 
If you have a wonderful husband , fiancé or boyfriend that works hard to provide for you and would do anything just for you , then repost this as your status to give the honest well behaved men out there the recognition that they deserve ... because great men are few and far between , and I have one ? ? 
Haha ! Ben is drunk ! :P 
TGI PAYDAY !! 
I now regret allowing myself to nap all evening- I'm cranky , groggy and when I do wake up it'll be just in time to go back to bed ! :P 
Whatever you give to a woman , she will make it greater . Give her sperm , she will give you a baby . Give her a house , she will give you a home . Give her groceries , she will give you a meal . Give her a smile and she will give you her heart . She multiplies and enlarges whatever she is given . So if you give her crap , be ready to receive a ton of shit ! Real women keep this going . 
Pay off car loan today then done wiping off most of our debt ! May still have money for anniversary trip and tattoos and some to put in savings . :D 
I'm not sure but I think this Marvel Sports game is teaching my son to say " lame " :/ 
So much to look forward to- got my tattoo permission , ghillies and dance kilt on their way , a pair of White Sox tickets from Stub Hub , and Erin starting potty training full time !! 
Love seeing the St Patty's Day stuff all over work- wish it could stay up all year :) 
Survived my first full week full-time ! St Paddy's Day in two weeks , mini-vaca for our anniversary in 6 weeks . :D 
Going on late notice but would anyone like to babysit two 2 year olds and a 3 year old friday night ? 
Wow , what a day ! Erin as double ear infection and GREAT performances tonight from BOTH dance troups ! Back from drinks with dance friends and catching up on facebook stuff . Have to add my thoughts are with everyone affected by the earthquake and tsunami- even bad things come to an end 
The US Supreme Court has ruled that you have the right under the First Amendment to protest military funerals .. I invite you to start your protest in my front yard and we can see if your First Amendment is better than my Second Amendment .. Repost if u feel the same !! ??? (?_?) ??? 
The Girl you just called fat ? She has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs . The Boy you just called stupid ? He has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The Girl you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The Boy you just tripped ? He is abused enough at home . There's a lot more to people than you think . Put this as your status if you're against bullying 
2 days till St Pats and one month till Chicago ! :) 
Happy St Patrick's Day !!! Getting ready to watch some fabulous Irish dancers at Paddy O ' Flarehaty's! Get your Irish on !! 
Please put this on your status if you know , or are related to someone killed 
on Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death Star . My wish is that people will understand that the Empire is a band of murdering scum . The Rebel Alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy , but the evil empire continues to kill innocent civilians . 93 ... % won't copy/paste this . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
Pretty good St Pats- Isle of Erin was wonderful and got to chat with a couple dance friends and hear some great bagpiping ! Wish hubby had been off to enjoy it with me- maybe next year :) 29 days till mini-vaca !! 
My mom made me laugh ... Wiped my tears ... Hugged me tight ... Watched me succeed ... Saw me fall ... Cheered me on ... Kept me going strong .... And ... Drove me a little crazy at times ... But Moms are a promise from God that you will have a friend forever !... Put this on your status if you have or had a wonderful mom you love ! 
I have tattoos , so I'm a trouble maker . I have curves , so I'm fat . If I wear makeup , I'm fake . If I say what I think , I'm a bitch . If I cry some times , I'm a drama queen . If I have guy friends , I'm a slut . If I stand up for myself , I'm mouthy . Seems like you can't do anything now a days without being labeled . So what , go ahead and label me , see if I give a shit .! Re-post this if you're proud of who you are ! 
Michael starts in the Bright Beginnings class on Monday ! Sad to be pulling him from a great daycare but confident this will help him get his speech delay caught up . Wish us luck ! 23 days till Chicago !! 
Please copy and paste this as your status if you know someone , or have heard of someone who knows someone . If you don't know anyone , or even if you've heard of anyone who doesn't know anyone , then do still copy this . It's important to spread the message . Oh , and the hearts . ? ? ? For frig's sake , don't forget the hearts . ? ? ? 
Thank you PALS managers and parents for a great teacher appreciation week !! 
19 days !! 
It's Special Education week , and this is in HONOR of all the children who need a little extra help , patience & understanding . Very sadly , most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ??? 
In honor of Opening Day , put this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being a Cubs Fan . Being a Cubs Fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . There is still no known cure for CF and sympathy does not help but we can raise awareness . 100% of Cardinals fans will re-post this , simply because we know how to copy & paste , as well as tie our shoes , and win games . 
Anybody know a good mortgage company for fisrt time buyers with so so credit ? 
Michael will be getting his ear tubes on Thursday ! Wish us luck ! ( btw , 11 days !! ) 
Mickeys doing great ! running around at home like nothing happened :) 
Forecast for Sat 4/16 : 52 degrees , 60% chance of showers :/ Still looking forward to it ! 6 days !! 
Are we there yet ? 2 days !! 
at least 12 hours till we hit the road ... 
Survived sears tower skydeck !! 
Rain rain go away ! 
2 hour rain delay but game is still on ! go sox !! 
If you have a sister who has made you laugh , punched you , stuck up for you , drove you crazy , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you fail , picked you back up , cheered you on , made you strong , and is someone you cant live without & someone you can always count on .... REPOST THIS IF YOU HAVE A SISTER THAT YOU LOVE 
Who says Facebook friends aren't real friends ? They enjoy seeing you online every day ... miss you when you're not there ... send condolences if you've lost someone ... send you wishes on your birthday ... enjoy the photos & videos you post ... put a smile on your face when you're down , make you laugh when you feel like crying ....... Repost if you love your Facebook friends !!!!! 
Happy 5 year anniversary to my hubby Ben Maxwell !!! 
Congrats to my Dad , he is officially retired today !! 
Happy easter ! 
Happy Mothers Day !! 
Anyone interested in a babysitting job this Saturday 11am- 2 or 3 pm ? Let me know asap !! 
Up early tomorrow for first dance competition in springfield ! wish me luck ! 
Exhausting but fun day ! Placed 3rd/4th in one dance- will be competing again ;) 
Okay ... so who IS still working at Sears ?? LMAO ! 
Happy fathers day facebook dads ! 
Happy 4th of July ! 
Looking forward to last harry potter with at least 25 return to hogwarts members huzzah !! 
A real woman always keeps her house clean and organized , the laundry basket is always empty . She's always well dressed , hair done . She never swears , behaves gracefully in all situations and all circumstances . She has more than enough patience to take care of her family , always has a smile on her lips , and a kind word for everyone . Post this as your status if you , too , have just realized that you might be a man 
This is the first weekend in almost a month we're not expecting to run around at some point :) 
Thank you for your well wishes , gifts , video and photo today for Michael's birthday ! 
Michael finally had his picks done the other night and the proofs look great ! Can't wait to choose our prints ! Great job and thanks to PhotographyBy HeatherBall 
Going to resolve to try and check facebook more often- I miss so much ! 
Happy mid-august . I have a sinus infection ! :P 
Cage The Elephant just posted this : " Special request to all kids returning to school in the next few days . If you see someone who is struggling to make friends or being bullied because they don't have many friends or because they are shy or not as pretty or not dressed in the most " in " clothes , PLEASE step up . Say hi or at least smile at them in the hallway . You never know what that person might be facing outside of school . Your kindness might just make a BIG difference !! " 
Only a half hour to get through a day and a half of posts ! ;) Still trying to narrow down Mickey's birthday photos- so many good ones ! and I am feeling about 95% better now . :) Good night ! 
Wooo-hooo ! Happy 600 , Thome !! 
Tear down complete !! Looking forward to putting our classroom's new theme up over the next couple days ! :) 
Room is done !!! Whole school looking great when I left- so excited for the new year now ! :) 
Stupid cancer . . . Some of us want a new car . . . A new cell phone . . . To lose weight . . . But someone battling cancer wants just one thing , to win that battle . 97% of my friends won't re-post this , but 3% will . Let's see who does . Please re-post this in honor of someone who lost their battle 
LMAO ! Erin is cracking me up today- talking to me like she's a big girl : " No , two more Dora , okay ? " and so on- have to try and get some video 
Had to quit highland dance- I miss it already :( I blame the economy !! 
Tomorrow is already Wednesday- which means it will soon be Friday ! So ready for Erin Feis and GAELIC STORM ! :D 
We made it ! waiting on gaelic storm wish you were here !!! 
Nights like this are few and far between . Better have them back next year !! 
If your Dad is , or was , a hard working man , and is your hero , has helped you no matter how good or bad you were , and is just the best Dad ever , if you are blessed to still have your Dad , or if he is an angel in Heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your Dad . You can replace a lot of people in your life , but you CAN NOT REPLACE YOUR DAD !! 
Bob forgot his wedding anniversary . His wife was mad . She told him " Tomorrow morning , I expect to find a gift in the driveway that goes from 0 to 200 in 6 seconds AND IT BETTER BE THERE !!! " The next morning when his wife woke up , she looked out the window to find a box gift-wrapped in the middle of the driveway . She opened it and found a brand new bathroom scale . . . Bob has been missing since Friday ! Re-post when you're done laughing !! 
TH15 M355463 53RV35 T0 PR0V3 H0VV 0UR M1ND5 C4N D0 4M4Z1N6 TH1N65 ! 1MPR3551V3 TH1N65 ! 1N TH3 B361NN1N6 1T VV45 H4RD BUT N0VV , 0N TH15 L1N3 Y0UR M1ND 1S R34D1N6 1T 4UT0M4T1C4LLY VV1TH0UT 3V3N TH1NK1N6 4B0UT 1T . B3 PR0UD ! 0NLY C3RT41N P30PL3 C4N R34D TH15 . R3P05T 1F U UND3R5T4ND TH15 M355463 , 8UT D0N'T T377 4NY0N3 VVH4T 1T M34N5 . 
Almost 2 whole weeks in her new classroom and Erin finally ran to one of her teachers and gave her a big hug this morning ! lol- she is so like Mommy ;) I'm proud and relieved ! 3's girls this is when the fun starts !! 
Clinton Lake and CoCo Key this weekend- Erin's bedtime ramblings were even more amusing than usual ;) 
Watch out ! I can save lives now ! :) 
It has begun ! Erin has her first " boyfriend " ! Ah , puppy love :) 
A Cowboys fan , a Bears fan , and a Packers fan are climbing a mountain and arguing about who loves their team the most . The Cowboys fan insists that he is the most loyal , " this is for Dallas " he yells , and jumps off the mountain . Not to be out done , the Bears fan is next to profess his love for his team . He yells , " This is for Chicago " and pushes the Packers fan off of the mountain . Repost if you are a bears fan 
I have explained the differences between grapes and coconuts to my daughter in great detail , but those little purple squishy things she's popping her mouth are , in fact , coconuts . :/ Silly Mommy ... 
10 years ago today I was sitting in high school economics when a teacher popped her head in and said " a plane just crashed into the twin towers " When I got to my science class the tv was on and we watched the news , including the towers falling , all that hour . The rest of the day I was a little scared- leaving school with an almost empty tank and gas at $5/gal I was a little more scared ! Just sharing my experience of that day- I'm glad we have not had a repeat . 
Please copy & paste this to your status if you are constantly being asked to copy & paste something to your status by friends who copy & paste things to their status . Many people won't copy & paste this but my true sarcastic friends will copy & paste it because they know this was copied & pasted from a dear friend in need of more stuff to copy & paste . Thank you ! And don't forget the heart ?? 
Ben is at return to hogwarts rehearsal and kids are sleeping- I'm watching a Nova documentary called " How does the brain work " lol ! I love my geek moments ;) 
OMFG I don't mind making changes , trying out new things , but really facebook ??? Stick with something through 2 whole weeks already ! I don't have time for this ! 
Wow , this sciatica is getting on my nerves ;) :/ 
Hoping to let myself be as lazy as possible today- pushing a double stroller around Glen Oak park was NOT a good choice ! :( 
On Sept 31st , 2011 Facebook will start charging you for your account . To avoid this , you MUST get NAKED , stand on your dining room table and do the Macarena , all the while singing ”I Will Survive” . After filming and posting it to your Facebook wall and YouTube , then , and only then , will Mark Zuckerberg come down your chimney to tell you that your account will stay free . It must be true , someone I don't know said so ! 
GO BEARS !! 
Happy Mothers Day to all you facebook mommies ! Each and every one of us deserves this day ! @--'-- , 
LMAO ! I love how my girl " talks " ! Gotta get it on tape sometime 
From Mary Keltner , who teaches Pre-K in Peoria : " 17,000 teachers will receive pink slips in Illinois this year . Today we ask you to wear pink in support of those who are being pink slipped . " 
Well I'm trying to put together a video of Erin Feis stuff but movie maker is leaving out the sound :( 
Go Bears !!! 
Ugh I have too much crap to do tomorrow/today but will be so relieved to have some of it done :P My baby girl is 2 !! 
Well we're all exhausted as hell over here but it was a good day- Mickey got some good gifts and got to spend time with some great people on his special day . Thank you for coming and sending your birthday wishes ! ( Won't like the paycheck but I'm looking forward to a 27 hour work-week . ) 
You people going out at 3am to go Christmas shopping are crazy !! No " deal " is worth your life ;) We're doing little gift bags for the people we are buying for- the real gift of Christmas is time spent chilling with loved ones ( or so says the broke , agoraphobic chick who slept till 9am this morning ) ;) See you all soon !!! 
2 more months until Erin Feis !!! 
This could be fun ;) " A 
word that describes me is ( 1 ) ____________ . If you really know me then 
you know that I love ( 2 ) _________ but I can't stand ( 3 ) _____________ . " 
yaaaaay :D 
* sigh * 5 more months till Erin Feis ... 
Okay I made a profile to start a new farmville game ( I know ! lol ! ) Add if you're interested in one more neighboor : Marie Lister 
Who else is ready to leave their houses ?? 
Come to the conclusion I'm having a relapse :( Taking on too much , getting too far ahead of myself . Time to get back to basics and one day at a time . Send happy thoughts . 
Sears is the only store in the mall open :\ wonderful < ~ Stacey > 
Kids are not doing well with this cold :( may take them to urgent care tommorow . 
Sick of cars >:( 
Just scoured the net for fairy art , something I haven't done for a while , and found some nice stuff for possible future tattoos , if I we ever have enough extra money ! :) 
Best scene in Scrubs history- Cox decking Kelso right in the face for bitching out Elliot . :D lmao ! 
Trying not to think too much about how busy tomorrow will be :/ 
Teachers were given pink slips in CA & 17,000 in IL , New Jersey , & Fl are cutting teacher jobs & reducing salaries . We need to get our priorities in order . Athletes get paid millions , but teachers who we trust to help raise & educate our kids get no respect ! In honor of ALL teachers , copy & paste this into your status .... 
Did I mention huzzah ? not starting yet just very very happy :D 
Here's 
a task for you . I want all my fb friends to comment on how you met me . 
After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same to you . 
You will be amazed at the results you get . 
The Wiggles had Irish step-dancers on a few days ago and I actually felt a little bored :/ oh btw- Happy Valentines Day ! XOXO 
" Be yourself- those who matter don't mind and those who mind don't matter . " Something to live by now . Feel like I'm turning a corner with the anxiety and depression- I am myself now more than ever , take it or leave it :D 
Aw hubby saved a plate from dinner for me :) < ~ Stacey > 
FACEBOOKERS fb is at it again ... violating your personal information : As of today , there is a new privacy setting called " Instant Personalization " that shares data with non-facebook websites and it is automatically set to " Allow . " Go to Account > Privacy Settings > Applications and Websites and uncheck " Allow " . Please copy & repost 
Stumbled upon the Bailey's site , looking at recipes ! It's time to start buying again !! 
Getting over a cold- sound terrible but feeling better :P Hopefully I'll be up for yet another busy weekend at work :/ 
So as of Monday , I'll be working 7 days straight . :P Luckily I have Tuesday AND Wednesday off ;) 
I love how the kids just suddenly start screaming and chasing each other down the hallway 8| At least they're having fun ;) 
How many of you really know all of the people on your friends list ... I mean personally know ? Heres a task for you . I want all the people on my list to post how they met me , you know , our very first encounter . After you have completed this , repost this in your status box . You will be amazed , at how interesting this can really be ... 
I woke up without a headache today !! Just wish my nose would stay unplugged :/ 
Got some caramel apples at the store last night . Living room windows left open and it was freezing ! Yes , I believe Fall is here . Now I just need the leaves to start changing and some warm cider and pumpkin spice latte and I'm a happy bunny . :D 
Alright now Jimmy Kimmel will hopefully answer those questions the Lost series finale STILL left unanswered , LMAO ! ;) 
Survived the day , now hiding in my room with a beer in hand ;) 
Is itching for a bonfire ... 
Okay its a bit of a chop job but I think I successfully avoided paying 15 bucks for a childs haircut < ~ Stacey > 
" I make mistakes , I am out of control and at times hard to handle . But if you can't handle me at my worst , then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best . -Marilyn Monroe " Another good one ! 
Forecast high for today- 75 !! :D 
Hyvee is awesome ! Especially the liquor department ;) 
You pass the North Korean border illegally you get 12 yrs . hard labor , you pass the Afghan border illegally you get shot , you pass the American border illegally you get a job , driver’s license , allowance for a place to live , health care , education , billions of dollars spent so you can read a document . We carry passports in other countries or face jail time . Repost this if you agree this is bs 
He 
will outgrow your lap ... but never your heart !!! It's '' Sons Week '' -if 
you have a son who makes your life complete and fun , has been a blessing 
to your life and makes life worth living by just being around , then 
copy and paste to your status . 
passing along from my Mom Kelly K . Norris " A 
bit of advise from a church sign if you're having trouble with 
forgiveness : " Forgive your enemies . It messes with their head " . Never 
thought of it that way . " hmm .. lol ! 
How does it always time out that Ben's days off don't match up with my nights off ? :/ 
MY BABY SIS IS HOME !!!!!! 
TGI MY FRIDAY !! Tired of running around sporadicly . Sears visit tonight then a long weekend of doing nothing . :) 
Curious Case of Benjamin Button is a very good movie- long and pretty depressing near the end , but still very good . 
Um , cold ? Is it just me or is it MAY ?! < ~ Stacey > 
Happy Anniversary to my hubby ! We've been married 4 years today ! <3 
* think*think*think * 
Meh ! I wanna go back to sleeeeeep ! :P 
What's on my mind , you ask ? Too much . Hate when all the important and mundane to-dos get mixed together :/ 
Off tonight and tomorrow , then a double on Sunday :P Better enjoy it ! ;) 
And away we go ! My phone is on silent next 2.5 hours ! < ~ Stacey > 
I like it on the floor :P 
Apparently I actually have one more class after next week :/ ugh ! 
Might not be pretty or sexy , might not have the perfect body or be beautiful ... might not be anyones first choice either , but I'm ME ! I don't pretend to be somebody else . Might not be proud of some of the things I've done , but I'm proud of who I am today . Copy and post it to your profile if you live your life being you and you are proud of it !! 
Hmm sit up looking at fantasy art or go to sleep so I can function at work tomorrow ? Decisions ... 
FYI we're thinking July 24 and baseball theme for Mickey's 3rd birthday party . Not sure where yet . 
Off to Old Chicago for a couple co-workers birthdays ! Woo-hoo ! < ~ Stacey > 
wtf is with facebook tonight ? :/ 
Off till Thursday- luckily I have things to catch up on ! 
Yay date night- feasting and boozing at old chicago then Iron Man 2 ! :D 
For all those men who say " why buy the cow when 
you can get the milk free ? " here's an update for you ! Now a days 
80% of woman are against marriage , why ? Because women realise it's not worth 
buying an entire pig just for a little sausage !!! Keep it going girls 
this is too funny not to repost ;) 
THERE IS A VIRUS SPREADING LIKE WILDFIRE ON FB . IT IS A TROJAN WORM VIRUS CALLED KOOBFACE . IT WILL STEAL INFO , INFEST YOUR SYSTEM AND SHUT IT DOWN . DO NOT OPEN THE LINK ( BARACK OBAMA CLINTON SCANDAL ) FACEBOOK USERS DO NOT ADD HER !!! IF SOMEBODY CALLED " SMARTGRRL15 " , ADDS YOU , DON'T ACCEPT IT ... IT IS A VIRUS . IF SOM ... E ... BODY ON UR LIST ADDS THEM , U GET THE VIRUS TOO . COPY AND PASTE AND PLEASE REPOST 
Hubby and I are thinking of going to a haunted attraction friday night . Anybody have suggestions ? 
After a long weekend of cold & party recovery , it's time jump into a busy couple weeks- nearly 40 hrs of work , school stuff to get wrapped up , kids appts at new pediatrician and ERIN FEIS !! 
You know , if the bank is going to wait until right before a payday to put a check you wrote over a week ago through what's the point in writing checks ? 
When hubby gets off work , we're going to see about getting pre-approved for a car loan . Wish us luck- we desperately need a second car !!! 
Grr tornado warning just went through metamora and we have no power ! 
Go bears !! 
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach . A human hair can hold 3 kg . The length of the penis is three times the length of the thumb . The femur is as hard as concrete . A woman's heart beats faster than a man's . Women blink twice as much as men . We use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand . The woman has read this entire text . The man is still looking at his thumb 
Chicago Bears facebook page is requesting Bears fans change their profile pic to their Monsters of the Midway image until the Monday night game against the Packers ! Spread the word ! 
I loved you the minute I knew I was pregnant . I loved you the minute you were born . Then I saw your face and fell in love some more . You were only seconds old but I knew I would die for you & to this day I still would . When you choose to have a child you make a conscious decision to allow your heart to walk around outside your body . Put this on your status if you love your children more than life 
It's my mom's birthday today !! Happy Birthday , Mom !!! <3 <3 
Must say I am putting together a pretty cute zombie fairy costume so far :) 
Ugh . I don't know anymore 
Looking at pics from my dad , sister , step-mom , step-sister in Myrtle Beach and I'm DYING for a vacation ! When's it my turn ?? 
How is it 10pm already ?? Too much going on today :/ 
Finally watching the facebook episode of South Park- LMAO !!! 
Yeah there was a Hanson song on Futurama and now the hubby is comparing them to K-Fed :\ Sure I will get no sympathy but oh well lol ! < ~ Stacey > 
Watching Ben play old school sonic :P 
Passing it on cause I see people posting it now too ! 

" I got a virus from somewhere .... DO NOT OPEN 
SOMETHING CALLED DSITRACTING BEACH BABES FROM ME !!!! I think chip 
fixed it but do not open it . " 
ATTN : We are currently seeking a DOUBLE UMBRELLA stroller ! My kids love to make drop off hard on me , plus it would be good for any other time we are taking them out for a while . Just want something in good condition . The only one I have seen so far is at Burlington Coat Factory for $90 ! Please keep an eye out and let me know if you see or hear of anything . THANKS !! 
I just wanna say , it sucks having a boss that doesn't acknowledge you unless something gets messed up , or you get a perfect customer satisfaction survey . Until yesterday I didn't think he even remembered my name . :/ So to my other bosses ( and you know who you are ) who are so wonderful and do remind me that I am doing an awesome job even off paper I say THANK YOU for helping make it all worth it ! 
DEPRESSION .... is not a sign of weakness , it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who has or who has had depression . Most people won't , as they see depression as an illness that can be caught . 
Cross your fingers Santa doesn't have a sudden financial emergency this week ! My days of constantly spit-bathing the iPod are almost over ! Off topic : after watching dozens of episodes/movies of Thomas on netflix , I have decided George Carlin is/was the best narrator- RIP 
Work at 1 , Saturday before Mother's Day ... gonna be a busy day :P 
OMFG ten minutes till the end of Lost !! < ~ Stacey > 
Taking the kids to Erin Feis today ! Will likely miss most of the Celtic Mass but sure they wouldn't have sat through it anyway ;) 
Watching The Jerk on Netflix ! woo-hoo ! 
FYI We are looking for a car ! Around $2000 , runs good , automatic , 4 door- family friendly and not in need of tons of TLC . Send me or Ben a message ! 
Holy crud I'll be 27 in a week :/ on a lighter note- HIGHLAND DANCE SUNDAY !! 
The source of Erin's recent misery is a double ear infection :( and if Mickey wakes up with a temp one more time he's going BACK to the doctor ! >:( 
" I believe if life hands you lemons , you should make lemonade . Then find someone whose life is giving them vodka and have a party . " -Ron White 
WOW ! Edy's Maxx Java Mash Up ice cream is AWESOME ! Seriously- I just had a whole pint in one sitting :/ 
Sitting outside with mickey , trying to relax before Im back to 30 hours next week ! 
Is glad to see everyone in facebook-land is safe and sound from last night ! Chill- we're supposed to have good weather the next few days . * big hugs * Now to get off my butt and finish getting ready for work ! 
Mark your calendar : took about a year , but tonight I got to the top of Godzilla without passing out , puking , crying or falling off . Thank you , thank you- hold your applause . :P Now to bed . 
Ugly Americans is growing on me- zombies , wizards , werewolves , demons ... love it ;) 
Be yourself- those who matter don't mind and those who mind don't 
matter . 
Laundry caught up , took some things to Goodwill , found a bunch of toys that might be good in our infant rooms ( after I disinfect them , of course ) , had a good in-law anniversary/twin-law b-day dinner at Avanti's last night and started " practicing " some teacher stuff :) Now where in the world are my ghillies ??!! 
Off to work and I'm finally off tomorrow ! 
So let me get this straight - Larry King is getting his 8th divorce , Elizabeth Taylor is possibly getting married for a 9th time , Britney Spears had a 55 hour marriage , Jesse James and Tiger Woods are screwing EVERYTHING , yet the idea of same-sex marriages going to destroy the institution of marriage ?? Really ? REALLY ?? Repost this as your status if you agree - Proud to support equal rights for ALL ! 
I have suddenly lost all interest in Farmville :/ 
We can like people's comments now ? Ah , facebook , you always wait on the most common sense features as long as possible ... 
Getting reading glasses- it's okay , I had good help and they're cute :) Lunch was nice . Chilling with the kids and looking forward to a fun-filled evening ! 
Please post this to your status if you know 
someone who was killed on the Death Star . My wish for 2010 is that people 
will understand that the Rebel Alliance is murdering scum . The 
Empire wants to bring peace and order to the galaxy . However , these 
rebels continue to kill our brave brothers in white . Sadly , 93% of 
those who see this , won't post . Will YOU make this your status for 
at least one hour ? 
Don't follow sports but I see the Blackhawks won ;) Proud of you , Chicago ! At least we got a team winning at something right now , lol ! ;) 
TB tests done- gotta go back Friday for results , Mickey gets caught up on vaccines and hopefully big chunk of my paperwork done on friday . Gonna try to get the energy to check out a car today . 12 more days ! 
Aw finally got to chat with my baby sis on Skype ! 
Well the day started rough but ended on a high note- love my co-workers ! ( Happy b-day , Jamie ! ) Now for some reason in the mood for classic South Park , but since hubby has to sleep , I doubt I'll get it :/ 
Today is my hubby's ( Benjamin Maxwell ) birthday !! 
" Insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result . " Can't recall where this comes from . 
First of all , 7 days till pals . second , go bears ! :) 
Change 
your Facebook Profile Picture to a cartoon from your childhood and 
invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday , December 6 , 2010 . 
There should be no human faces on facebook , but an invasion of 
memories . This is for violence against children . Please spread . 
Just a little forewarning we are having Mickey's birthday party on Saturday July 24th . We are working out locale details at the moment . Can you believe he's turning THREE ?? 
Suddenly , through birthing a daughter , a 
woman finds herself face to face not only with an infant , a little 
girl , a woman-to-be , but also with her own unresolved conflicts from the 
past and her hopes and dreams for the future . -Elizabeth Debold 
So long Lost , thanks for the memories . Now debating rewatching from the very beginning to fill that new void in my schedule , lol ! < ~ Stacey > 
Kids are in their jammies sucked into sprout- man I love sprout ! thank you 24/7 pre-k programming ! 
Ben is teaching the kids to play with those pop its noisemakers 
in 
loving memory of every cancer patient , family members and friends , 
who LOSTtheirbattle with cancer , and for those who CONTINUE to 
CONQUER it ! Put this on your page for 1 hour if you know someone who 
has or had cancer . 
Erin Feis starts friday !!!! 
How is it always that on Ben's days off I end up running around all day ?! Not at all saying he should do them , sometimes I just wish we had more time together :( 
It's 
sister week ! If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your 
tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheered you 
on and kept you strong , copy and paste this to your status ... I love my 
sisters , both blood related and through marriage and I can't imagine my 
life without them ! 
If you have a mother who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheered you on , and kept you strong , please repost . Mothers are a promise from God that you will have afriend forever . Put this on you status if you love your Mother ! 
lmao ! at the end of Rugrats Erin and Mickey say " bye-bye , babies ! " at least a dozen times ;) 
Lol ! my boy loves the movie Up :) 
My step-sister had her baby ! Congrats Ball family and hello Alexandra ! 
Could use 12 more hours of sleep :/ but time to dive into another busy week- I kinda miss those babies ! Thanks for the adds , PALS people ! 
Hoping to go xmas shopping with the hubby after the kids are in bed , however they always know when we plan to go out after their bedtime , and I'm already exausted :/ Wish us luck ! 
Happy fathers day !!! 
There 
comes a time in life when you walk away from all the pointless 
drama and people who create it , and surround yourself with people 
who make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus on the 
good . Life is too short to be anything but happy . Repost if you 
agree ! 
Happy to be bringing the day to an end- nothing like putting in a full days work ( and then some ) and feeling like you accomplished nothing :( 
Go Bears ! and I get to try Lexapro again- this makes me a happy bunny :) 
Is happy to be going about my business without worrying if it's gonna storm ! 
I hate this weather !! ... that is all :P 
It's a great day to stay inside going through new kids stuff and re-organizing their room :) 
Work till 2 then cook out at my moms ! Its gonna be a blast ! 
So 
where are all the " Save the Gulf " concerts ? Where are the T . V . Benefits 
with celebrities and musicians giving heart felt speeches on the 
poor fisherman , wildlife , beaches , loss of income and destroyed gulf 
economy ? I find it rather strange how these people including our own 
administration are so quick to help Haiti and other countries ... but sit 
on their bottoms for this one . Just the facts . Post if you agree 
It's couples week !! Copy and paste this with the date you and your man/woman got together . ~ dating July 30 2002 , married April 22 2006 
This whole day has gone entirely too fast :/ 
Fml :/ 
So mickeys party will be at the house lol ! 
PLEASE - put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can also breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers and the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost . 
Up since 5- kids should come with snooze buttons :/ 
Depressionis 
not a sign of weakness , it is a sign that you have been trying to be 
strongfor too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who 
has orhas had depression . Will you do it and leave it on your status 
for atleast an hour ? Most people won't , but it's mental health week 
and 1 in 3 of us will suffer at some point in our ... 
lives . Show your support :) I copied and pasted , will you ? 
Happy Anniversary Kelli Eyer and Tony Eyer sorry we missed it ! 
Mickey got some good pics ! They will be in the 20th- just in time for the party !! 
Holy crap ! I just realised ! one and a half months left till Erin Feis 2010 !!! :D :D 
Split shift today : 10-1 then 6-11 . :P But hubby and I are both off tomorrow ! 
two weeks till my baby boy turns 3 ! Where did the time go ?? 
HUSBAND 
APPRECIATION WEEK ... If you have a husband who makes your life 
beautiful , interesting , who is your best friend , who has been with you 
through THICK AND THIN , and to whom you are proud to be married , copy 
and paste this into your status on facebook 
Thought I found the perfect image for a fairy baby tattoo , but when I asked permission for use like good girl the artist said no :( 
Bittersweet day- done with Sears ! Will miss seeing everyone as much but luckily we have facebook AND I know I'm taking a giant leap forward with many of my personal goals . Thanks for all the well-wishes and hugs . :) Looking forward to tomorrow- eye exam , lunch with Doris Weber-cloud , hopefully car shopping and TWO Halloween gatherings !! Bring on the zombie fairy !! 
How 
many of us actually know all of our fb friends ? Heres a task 4 u ... i 
want all my friends to post how u met me . After u comment , copy this 
and c what u get 
Mickey's b-day party : Tentative 
possible change : we might be moving the party to the house . It looks 
like it will be hot and muggy again tomorrow- but we will still try to 
be outside as much as possible for wiffleball and water stuff . We'll let 
you guys know asap ;) 
Lazy . Not the best thing day before a party :/ 
Aw I got farewell cupcakes <3 
Erin turns 2 on Friday ! Party is Saturday afternoon- hope to see some of you there ! If you haven't rsvp'ed please do so we know how much food to get . ~ 13 days till PALS ! 
Put this as your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable , and , in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . The other 7% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers . 
I got the job !! 
Is so tired from old settlers days ! ( It's HOT ! ) but looking forward to this evening ! 
Erin does not like teething and is wasting no energy telling us about it :( 
* status broken- insert random comment here * 
Insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result 
Happy International Fairy Day !!! 
Well looks like we're getting a referral to see about getting Mickey some ear tubes :/ And the in-laws return from their tropical vacation tonight , lol ! ;) 
I can go from 0 to pissed in 60 seconds- what's your super-power ? 
Dear summer cold , please f-ck off , we've got things to do >:( 
Oh BTW- I'm taking my boy in to Sears tomorrow around 4 for his birthday portraits ! Sears people , consider yourself warned ;) 
Dear jamie i may never make it to your party but know crystal is a childhood friend and im having a blast best of luck love stacy 
Ah , facebook-land , how I have missed you ! I also miss Sears people but my glasses should be coming in soon ;) Had a good first week , now trying to get over a cold so I can enjoy the rest of the weekend . 
work 2-7 , hoping for a sloooooow Sunday ! 
When I answer the phone at home its hard not to say " thank you for calling sears ready to wear " :/ 
Offer is still up if anyone wants to watch the kids tonight ! We can bring them by ! Please respond by 6 ! 
Dude ... I just got this weird deja vu feeling ... Like Ive been here before :/ but it is the " old " Bakers Square building ... 
Omg i am only one person i cannot be in five places at once . We are so shorthanded its crazy . Please apply 
Yay new toys !! 
Grr ! Yes , the tornado sirens work ! Now turn the damn things off already !! 
Ugh 
Off work , no appointments- only to-dos are laundry and maybe light grocery shopping later . These days are rare and to be enjoyed . :D 
LMAO ! Thank you for tagging yourselves in Erins bday album- I LITERALLY passed out in the middle of uploading last night . At least I got them up ;) 
Hubby starts week-long vaca tomorrow !! 
97% of teens ( and middle aged women ) , would cry if they saw Robert 
Pattinson ( Edward Cullen from Twilight ) standing on top of a sky 
scraper , about to jump . If you're one of the 3% who would sit there 
eating popcorn screaming " JUMP YOU SPARKLY BITCH ....! " then copy and 
paste this as your status . 
Ben : I suppose it's pretty clear now that Mickey got my [ big ] head , but looking back I suppose it should have been obvious to me sooner . 
Me .... >:/ REALLY ?! 
Damn facebook ! Why won't you let me " like " anything ! Grr !! 
Attn ! Hubby and I are hoping for a date night this Wednesday evening . If you are up for having the kids over from around 5 till around 9 at the latest please send me or Ben Maxwell a message ! THANKS !! :) 
A 
son will hold your hand for only a little while , but will hold your 
heart for a lifetime !! It's " Son's Week . " If you have a son or sons who 
makes your life worth living by just being around him/them ... copy and 
paste this to your wall 
Excited- starting art 110 at ICC in a couple weeks to finally finish my associates ! Erin Feis later this month , three parties next weekend , MIL b-day today , taking kids to new pediatrician ... August is BUSY ! 
Thinking of loved ones on the east coast . Boooo Earl !! 
grrrr ... 
I could spend hours looking at fantasy art but alas I must sleep so I can function at work tomorrow :P 
Happy September ! Fall is right around the corner ! 
HUSBANDS 
WEEK ! If you have a husband who makes your life interesting and fun , is 
your bestfriend , who has been with you through thick and thin ( this 
includes your waist line ) , who has been a blessing in your life and who 
you are proud to be married to , copy and paste this to your profile . Be 
sure to post how many years married . 
" You are the weak one- you will never know love . Or friendship . And I feel sorry for you . " Harry to Voldemort Order of the Pheonix movie 
My plans : sleep , then play in the nice weather . Life's plans : work 11- 6:30 . :/ lame 
No erin feis today- still tired from last night and no way the kids will let us chill when we take them ! Celtic Mass @ 10:30 tomorrow then however much of the afternoon they will cooperate for ;) 
Cannot wait for this evening- dinner with my dad Steve Lister and step-mom Tina Chaney Lister gotta wear these kids out , lol !! 
That's it- if it weren't for the birthdays and holidays I would officially declare this the worst time of the year ! It's cold and everyone is sick ! and I remember LIKING winter when I was little :/ Countdown to April begins ........... now ! 
Okay everyone on the count of 3 . 1 ... 2 ... 3 ... DAAAAA BEARS !! 
AOCDRNDICG TO RSCHEEARCH AT CMABRIGDE UINERVTISY , IT DSENO'T MTAETR WAHT OERDR THE LTTERES IN A WROD ARE , THE OLNY IPROAMTNT TIHNG IS TAHT THE FRSIT AND LSAT LTTEER BE IN THE RGHIT PCLAE . TIHS IS BCUSEAE THE HUAMN MNID DEOS NOT RAED ERVEY LTETER BY ISTLEF , BUT THE WROD AS A WLOHE . IF YOU CAN RAED TIHS , PSOT IT TO YUOR WLAL . OLNY 55% OF PLEPOE CAN 
Please 
put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) 
who suffers from stupidity . Stupidity is a real condition and should be 
taken seriously . You could be sitting next to a sufferer rightnow . 
There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . Nearly 93% won't copy and paste this ... because they don't know how to 
copy and paste . 
attn Sears associates I am bringing my girl in for bday portraits this am . :) Will probably hang around for a bit after to say hi but not too long . 
Feeling pretty healthy now- Good night's sleep should do the trick ! Crossing fingers kids are in better shape in the morning too . 
I hate when I get on facebook with a mission in mind and I completely forget what it was :/ 
Hate this feeling- school , work , mommy , wife , myself- am I pulling myself in too many directions ? These are all priorities to me but something's gotta give ! Here's to hoping I figure it out soon ( and maybe come up with the right answer this time ! ) 
3yrs old : " Mommy , I love you " 10 yrs old : " Mom whatever ! " 16 yrs old : " My Mom is so annoying " ! 18 yrs old : " I wanna leave this house " . 25 yrs old : " Mom , you were right " . 30 yrs old : " I wanna go back to my Mom's house " . 50 yrs old : " I dont wanna lose my Mom " 70 yrs old : " I would give up EVERYTHING for my Mom to be here with me " You only have 1 Mom , Post this on your wall if you appreciate & love your Mom ! 
Okay if you worked at Sears with me for any period of time please go read my note " For my Sears friends " I apparently maxed out the tag limit and facebook is being stubborn about it , lol ! :P 
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent . - Eleanor Roosevelt 
Awesome night- relaxing for a bit then ( hopefully ) headed back with the kids this afternoon ! 
Has had " cotton eye joe " stuck in my head for the last two days :P 
Really getting excited about Halloween this year :) Possibly baby girls birthday and other festivities , but why question it ? :D 
Ben likes Powers ( irish jack daniels ) i like Midleton ( super rare and expensive as hell ) things even out lol ! 
Back to normal , kids still fighting but going strong . Should be able to keep my evening plans intact , Crystal Person-Tillman and Jamie Durbin !! :D 
Great Christmas- everyone got cool stuff and Erin is playing with a big box in the middle of the kitchen ;) 
Ugh kids too busy playing to sleep , work at 8am . and why is it always one step forward two steps back ? :/ 
Check out local section of todays journal star return to hogwarts on front page . They quoted my hubby :D 
Errands with baby girl then finishing art project and class . Ugh 
Well we lowered her crib all the way but she can still climb out . :( Time for toddler bed I guess . :/ 
McCafe commercials are annoying . That is all . 
Put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay . My wish 
for 2011 is that people will understand that being gay is not a 
diseasen or a choice- people who are gay are not looking for a cure but 
acceptance and equal rights . 93% won't copy and paste this . Will you 
make it your status for at least one hour ? 
By this evening , he was stripping , throwing toys , yelling with the tv , laughing at the dinner table , pushing every button on my keyboard , and singing the Mickey Mouse Clubhouse theme song- yes , I think my boy is recovering quite well now :) 
Omfg thank god for that monkey preschool lunchbox app for ipod touch . comes in handy tons . now watching date night as distraction free as possible 
I hate this weather but love these holidays ! Great potluck at work , two more meals over the next two days . I am thankful for an awesome career opportunity , great co-workers past and present , great teachers for my kids , love and patience from my hubby and all the good memories I have with my loved ones ! * big hug * Happy Thanksgiving , everyone ! LET THE CHRISTMAS FUN BEGIN !!!!! 
Next year my fave fantasy artist Selina Fenech will finally publish a book of her work ! HUZZAH !!! :D 
Thank to everyone who celebrated Erin's bday with us ! She had fun . Now I have to work :( 
Wow- as nice as working home fashions has been last two days I think the extra dust is getting to me . :/ 
Sorry Ive been absent all week- kids and I are all adjusting pretty well ! :) Car hunt continues ... 
Olive Garden :D oh btw ... GO BEARS !!!!! 
Counting down the hours ... 
GO BEARS !!! 
Todays errand run was 99% successful :) Hubby playing Fable 3- gonna get some more dishes going so I have stuff to make halloween sugar cookies with in the near future and chill ! 6 MORE DAYS ! 
While you scream at your woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper in her ear . While you humiliate , offend , and insult her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how beautiful she is . While you hurt her , there's a man wishing he could take her pain away . While you make her cry , there's a man stealing smiles from her . Post this on your wall if you are against Domestic Violence . 
Exausted- I officially declare today zombie day . Uuuugh . 
Mickey doing good , Erin passed out , battle with cold won . Famous Dave's with hubby ! 
Damn you Gwen Stefani ! now I can't spell " bananas " without singing Hollaback Girl ! 
Interview tomorrow ¡ 2 ! PALS preschool . I believe I applied for teachers aide . :) 
Oh crap it's National Boss day and I'm also turning in my two weeks notice ! :/ 
I'm excited- lots of sacrifice with this new job but lots to look forward to- it evens out pretty well I think ;) Lots to do in next couple weeks to get ready but it will be worth it ! I may post a rambling note if I get time later tomorrow night ( tonight ? ) ;) 
Oh I'm a happy bunny :D 
Merry Christmas ! On to the next adventure- planning a 5-year anniversary trip to Chicago with hubby !! :D 
Big day tomorrow- Mickey has ear appointment and a couple mommy and me things planned :) 
Thank you for the birthday wishes !! Vertuccis tonight with hubby then Kouris tomorrow with Mom :) 
teacher somewhere in your neighborhood , tonight is preparing lessons to 
teach your children , while you are watching television . In the minute 
it takes you to read this , teachers all over the world are sacrificing 
their own time and more often than not , investing their own money for your child's literacy , prosperity , and future . Re-post if you are a 
teacher , love a teacher , or appreciate your teacher . 
Oh , bite me . I'm an Aquarius with a planetary " road-block " in Capricorn . Always have been , always will be . ;) <3 
Ugh well we are all going back to school tomorrow- Erin is sleepy from the amox/ibuprofin but still in a good mood . Mickey is his usual self . I'm feeling not quite as zombie-esque- hopefully it continues to improve because the next couple days are just TOO busy !! 
Hey tomorrow a little after 6pm I'm going to Sears Optical for my glasses ! Yay visiting time !! 
Mickey has an ear infection and the extra phlemb is upsetting his stomach . :( hoping he keeps the amox down long enough to work 
Utterly exhausted- tgif ! Hope the kids let me sleep in tomorrow ! 
Okay in 2 hours I went from having a blast with friends to tired and seriously feeling like I'm coming down with something- wtf !? Hot bath and Nyquil to the rescue ( I hope ) 
*** warning *** the national weather service has issued a falling bird warning for chicago this sunday from 12 until the end of the 4th qtr . Falling seahawks could be heavy at times especially around the soilder field area . Heavy accumulation likely !! ** repost this all over bears nation , we are everywhere !!! ** 
If there's a possibility you might want me and my little family at your Christmas gathering PLEASE let me know ASAP since we already have a few we know about and this is a bad time of year to ask us to come at the last minute . Also remember we will be traveling with toddlers :/ Thanks !! 
Avenged Sevenfold = kick ass halloween music 
Thursday night already ?? Too much going on- the same for next week :/ 
Everyone healthy ( for the most part ) , most adults not working all weekend , nowhere to go- hoping to get some Christmas goodies done this weekend !! :D 
I feel much better today ... seriously ... ignore the frog in my throat , he's a total liar . 
Watching an interesting documentary about stress- did not know prolonged stress kills brain cells in the hippocampus !! Keep up on your emotional health , friends ! * hugs * Put out by National Geographic- can't remember the title and will post it when it's done . 
So much for the new year- Mickey has another ear infection . :( Time for tubes !! 
" new " car and 80% xmas shopping done for under $100 yep its been a pretty good day :D 
Hoping this bug going through the house is the one I already had last weekend ! :( 
Tomorrow is Friday ! We have NOTHING planned this weekend !! Plus I get to find out who my secret santa is at work ! :) 
OMG ! Despite what Jill and Angie may have thought , I did enjoy the day . And I'm actually not in huge amounts of pain- just info overload . ;) 
Considering a sears visit thursday eve . Who's working ? 
Tomorrow Facebook will change its privacy settings to allow Mark Zuckerburg to come into your house while you sleep and eat your brains with a sharpened spoon . To stop this from happening go to Account > Home Invasion Settings > Cannibalism > Brains , and uncheck the " Tasty " box . Please copy and repost . 
3 days till Christmas ... the kids may be coming down with colds :/ 
Made it to and from Pekin in one piece ! Nice evening ;) Now to get the kids to bed so Santa can come out and play ! 
I think ... the older I get , the more I loathe winter- it's the being cold part :/ pisses me the f- off !! 
Back to highland dance on sunday ! wish I had started refreshing my memory sooner :P 
Buh-bye , 2010 !! Don't let the door hit you on your way out !! :D 
Attn family and non-PALS friends : My kids are having a fundraiser ! * evil laughter * They are selling lunch totes ( $15.50 ) and small lunch totes ( $13.50 ) from thirty-one- these prices do include shipping , tax , and PERSONALIZATION ! There are a nice variety of patterns available . The child who sells the most gets a free personalized cinch sac ! I will keep an order form on me and let me know if you're interested . THANKS ! 
Monday I get to call my doc and tell them yet another anti-depressant has failed on me after 2-3 months :( SERIOUSLY !?? I * may * feel like more of a lab rat if I were on chemo ... or an actual lab rat :/ Send happy thoughts and keep your patience extra long with me * hugs * 
Happy Christmas Eve ! Hoping kids colds stay mild and weather is somewhat driver friendly- going to my Dad and step-mom's later ! 
Keeping the kids home for sure ! 
All I really want for my birthday is for the kids to be perfect angels for 24 hours , a free lifetime pass to Gaelic Storm shows and a million bucks to magically appear in my checking account . That's all B ) 
Darn snow days ! Now I gotta work harder to get my butt off this computer to catch up on errands before work :P 
Awesome spontaneous sears visit- got to catch up with a lot of people I've been missing . Case of the Mondays cured :) 
Lightening and thunder ! darn you snowmageddon ! lol 
Farmville friends , I need one more helper for my chicken coop please ! 
