" Hi , I'm so lonely , are you so lonely too ? Sicky sicky sicky sicky . What's a gal to do ? " 
Where do bad folks go when they die ? They don't go to heaven where the angels fly ..... 
“Aim above morality . Be not simply good , be good for something . ” 
is feeling very frustrated .... Damnit ..... 
F my life :( ....... I want to get out of here and camp this weekend 
is going to punch multiple ignorant/self absorbed/hypocritical bitches in the throat 
" If you wish to travel far and fast , travel light . Take off all your envies , jealousies , unforgiveness , selfishness , and fears . " [ Glenn Clark ] 
craves entertainment 
Planning my trip to the coast !! 
is home !!! 
busy busy 
is tired , but always loves a good structure fire 
My " Mister Wonderful " is driving me crazy , I guess that's what you get when you date them there redneck folk .... Elk season .... Elk sign .... Elk pee scent , Camo , Gutting .... This is all too much , It's something I don't understand 
This sounds sappy but I cant wait until this weekend when boyfriend and I go to the coast ! 
had such a great time at the coast 
I love you uncle David . Rest in Peace , I love you I'm sorry I didn't make it to see you .... I'm so sorry 
Oh baby 
is feelin sick 
Sideways .... Frontways ..... Backways .... 
Another amazing day ! Still waiting to hear back from the agencies !!! 
is going to shoot today ... and finish packing to go to the coast ... YEAH FRENCH TOAST ! 
is feeling very sleepy ! 
is lovin California 
I'm feeling pretty stoked today , bought a new snowboard last night , i'm broke joke but atleast now I have my beautiful burton to hold onto I deserve the happiness ... I'm discustingly materialistic 
Are you interested in joining MatadorNetwork.com to help earthquake victims in Haiti ? Email Julie @ matadorhaiti@gmail.com for more information . 
It's the weekend now baby ! Peanut butter jellllly time !! 
no anger , meditation = good . Deuce fraba ... 
I'm sorry :( 
If only I could fly higher ..... 
" like morphine cuts through deadend veins , I'm numbing in these days ..... " 
" Good morning USA , I have a feeling that its going to be a wonderful day !!!! " 
Candy caneeeee ? 
Great RTS run today , bad C-box experience . Broke my arm ... 
Mind-bending Independent Radical Amplifier from the Neat Deadhead Acid 
Face down , face down , face down , face down ... thats the way . WHOOP 
I'm so excited for the next coming week . Timberline maybe saturday , the Slightly Stoopid concert in Bend with mah Nicole on wednesday , getting a new color cast ... Hopefully chillin with Kayla tomorrow . Ya toast ! 
" IMPORTANT !!!!! Apparently , there are hackers on FB ! To see if they are on your friends list ( because , they are hidden and won't show up on your regular list , otherwise ) PLEASE go to PRIVACY SETTINGS , then click BLOCK LIST and type in AUTOMATION-LOG . If a name pops up , PLEASE BLOCK THEM and PLEASE PASS ON ! " I found 16 on my account . I don't know what harm they can cause but I went ahead and blocked them anyways . 
Hmm . Confusingness ... 
Lonely , I'm so lonely , got nobody to call my own .... 
ahh im so bored 
I sooo excited to have a night out on the town with ya Nicole love !! haha 2 more days !! 
You gave my pony the herpes !! 
Hold still , I has almost knocked all ugly out of you ..... 
" I fly like paper , get high like planes . " 
I would love to say that the single life rocks , but ... for me it totally sucks . I don't know if it's because I feel lonely or if I genuinely miss him . Or just the companionship . Or the home we briefly had together ... Yeah . It's stupid . I miss it all ... Please make me forget . 
Due to lack of interest , today has been cancelled . 
the color of a bird's feathers do not determine how far or high the bird can fly . 
" sticks and stones and weed and bones " 
Oh yeah , Nicole and I got our Slightly Stoopid tickets . Life is good . Feelin so ska .. 
Not that this is an interesting statement at all , but my new favorite song is Tim McGraw's remake of Elton John's " Tiny Dancer . " 
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains , because the average man can see better than he can think . 
I got my cast off today ! Woo . Now only if my arm would get strong .... 
<======== Hey , hey you ! Look at the arrow .... it points to BOOBS ! 
Wow , what a day . 7 calls since noon . Drove a code three transport with leaping deer . Later had the unit's tire come apart while driving a different patient up I5 ... turned into a several hour ordeal .... Woo hoo good job fellas ! And thank you OPD .. Saw you guys alot today . 
I'm thinking its time to go find some mud !! 
I'm so happy to know you . You have a confident and blunt honesty ; I admire very many things about you . Much love 
Finally ... doing my taxes ... 
Thanks for the happy birthday wishes friends ! If your free come down to the Loggers Den tonight around 8 and have a birthday drink with me . And make sure to remind me tomorrow that you dropped by ! And if theres anyone interested in being designated drivers I'll buy ya some pizza and soda ! 
Ok what sounds better . Thunderegg hunting , Bigfoot hunting or looking for lost gold mines ? 
Wow , the 11 day spring break work week never fails to kill me off . Thank Buddha its over ... 
___________\0/__________/\________Shark attack !! 
Am I still your charm ? Or am I just bad luck ? 
Wisdom teeth-Still intact ... Grrr 
The earth has music for those who listen . 
Sad face with many double chins :((((((( 
Why am I so sore ?? 
River , river here I come ! First float of the year for me this weekend and I'm stoked ! 
today was sooo gucked uppp .. terrible 
So sleepy , yet so not sleepy ... 
Having my wisdom teeth pulled today .... Ahh !! 
( THE HARDCORE ) Wish me luck ! Yay teeth craters . Maybe tomorrow will be a snow play day 
Thanksgiving at Crescent Lake . Ahaha . 
Sabrina and I went bigfoot hunting tonight with no luck . Also I need phone numbers please ... getting a new phone in the a.m. 
Did I mention how much I LOVE children ??? 
Suck my Kiss !! 
I like to call it battery anxiety .... |= 
Anyone want to plan a non-resort board trip ? I got the mos ' bitches .. Or we can hike if you're man enough ... 
is feeling pretty cooped up . Wants to go to Waldo Lake NOW ! Anyone want to camp up there this week when the weather gets nicer ? 
I ate a ZOMBIE !!! 
Cookin burgers at the station ! 
Does anyone want to make some plans ? Anything really .. I'm bored out of my skull 
Can I get your hand to write on ? Just a piece of lead to bite on ; What a night to fly my kite on . Do you want to flash your light on ? Take a look it's on display -for you . Coming down , no not today .... 
Floatin the river in the am ! Goodnight !! 
Happy Earth Day !..... How do you celebrate Earth day ? 
What a great day on the river ! Got thrown and took a header into an elbow off of a rapid on a fairly tame river . Don't under estimate the power of water ! LOL 
New turnouts are here ! 
andasistaredicountedwebsfromallthespiderscatchingthingsandeatingtheirinsides 
Today was such a super awesome day on the river .. and now my pastey skin is FRIED wooooo ! 
all dressed up with nowhere to go .... 
dannnng .. there is not a person i know that wants to do anything tonight . lame . who cares if it's a sunday night ?? 
" Stop trying so hard . He doesn't like you . Jesus , don't kiss an ass if it's in the process of shitting on you . " ShitMyDadSays 
I'm thinking it is nearly time for an adventure .. whos in ? 
thinks it's definitely going to snow up at Waldo Lake tonight . Super cold last night , now its raining . Is it too early to be stoked for snow ? 
Lost another phone and I would really like to build my directory again .. Message me numbers please !! 
initiate nerd sequence alpha ! 
Anyone up to hit Mt . Bachelor in the a.m. ? 
Ok . This time I'm going to go get my wisdom teeth out ... Soon .. Today .. :( 
Guess it was meant to be , romance is misery , so much for memories and now I'm headed to the penitentiary . See me on tv ; the next cop series . I am a danger . I guess I shoulda done somethin about my anger , but I never learn ; real things I don't concern I poured kerosene on everything I love and watched it burn . I know its my fault , but I wasn't happy it was over ... 
I guess it's the time of day where I get bored and drive around 
What a great weekend . Floated the North Umpqua and did guide training . Water was raging . Camped with rad people . A freaking blast ! Cant wait for the rest of the summer when I get to do that every day !!!! 
I'm feeling like such a negative Nancy 
" Oh gawd , make some roofie coladas and put in the lion king . " John . ( Thanks John that was hilarous ) 
Did I mention that I HATE turbo tax ??? They rejected my taxes .. Jerks 
all dressed up for a scarecrow ball 
I think I can take one more good mangling this year ... Iwannnnna board and jump off something ~ \ !! X_X 
Everything went well but my face feels likea baloon !! 
Wake up you silly sleepy head , sniff reality and not meth . Wake up from your silly delusion . Sleepy head , and while your at it wake up , learn how to spell and use proper grammer dumbshit ! ( You may use improper punctuation if you like , but only because I am allowing you to do so . Because I do it too sleepy head ) 
Am I the only person who still has dial up ? 
---------- 
My eyes were clear and bright , 
my walk had purpose . 
I stepped so quick and light , 
and I held firmly to what I felt was right . 
Like a rock . 
Why do I stay up so late watching documentaries ? ( I watched a super awesome one tonight on assisted suicide ) 
I hate you turbo tax !! 
Get out of here , I'll handle this ! 
Rejected .. again . That always happens .. 
Screw you guys , I'm going home :-P 
Stay strong ! It's a hard time if you need anything ask .... In my thoughts .. 
Why am I on the freaking computer ???????????? 
I wish I had something catchy to say ... 
Okay , car running GREAT . Waxed board , sharpened edges ... So why must I be broke and cant go ride now !?! GRRRR I guess maybe next week .. 
I love swedish fish 
I cant figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate ! 
So . No river today . Goin to town ! After I do slave labor for mah dad .. grrr 
Ehh Le puke ! 
Today was absolutely horrible .. I QUIT !! Everytime I try to have fun it backfires ... 
Soooo beat ... 
Okay . Today's agenda . Go get car fixed , drag Brian Mc out of bed , return cans , wax board and work on edges , change oil , get gear together . We are going to hit up Bachelor tomorrow . If anyone wants to join the can returning party your welcome to . It looks like it will be an awesome bluebird day tomorrow . Hit up .. 
Cant wait for the Reeble Jar Halloween concert on saturday night . Nicole Andresen-Douglas , Kayla Troutman and Sabrina Clark better come with me !! Or else I will have my insect army lay eggs in their ears . :) 
It's spring ! Time for renewel , bbqs , new love , adventures , and mud .. Did I mention mud ? 
Wow , Gotta love Bi-Mart pharmacy when their busy . Especially when they keep telling you 20 more minutes while you are feeling sick . 5 hours later I have HALF the prescriptions and I'm finally home , but have to go back again tomorrow ... Grrrr 
Woke up at 7 am ... With NOTHING to do . I'm totally amped to do something fun ... But .. there is a lack of said rad activity to engage in ..... 
Alright ! Nas and Damian Marley tomorrow night !!! Woo ! After a day on the river .. How is that for sweet plans ? 
Once I rose above the noise and confusion , just to get a glimpse beyond this illusion . I was soaring ever higher , but I flew too high . 
North Umpqua river time ! Hey the water is warmer than the Mckenzie !!! 
Your nonsensefull behavior never ceases to inspire me . Is nonsensefull a word ?? 
Oh man I really need to buy my plane ticket before it goes up anymore . Checked prices last week . Was stoked $250 round trip with only one stop and now the best I can find is $340 ... GAHH 
F*ck this noize ... You make me irate .. 
i'm freaking out . I promise ... 
Middle Finger .... 
I just saw a rainbow !! Waiting to hear if I'll be on the river for 5 days or 1 .. I wonder what this could possibly mean !! 
IN MEMORY of all babies born sleeping or 
whom we have carried , but never met , or held in our arms . Make this your 
profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a 
baby . The majority won't do it , because unlike cancer , baby loss is 
still a taboo subject . Break the silence . In Memory of all Angel Babies , 
gone too soon , but never forgotten !! 
I like watching the puddles gather rain . 
Okay , I lied . Offf to Bachelor tomorrow . 
Whoa buddy . Even though overall yesterday was crappy . I had such a blast snowmobiling . Backcountry !! WOOOO . Lightly sore today . Boardin tomorrow .. Friends bailed so I have room in my car . Let me know if you wanna go ! ( I DONT WANNA GO ALONE !! ) 
Today was way less rad than I expected ... And now I'm not goin to the concert .... lame .... 
-I might not be the most beautiful or the sexiest girl out there .. Nor do I have the perfect body .. I might not be anyone's first choice but I am a GREAT choice .. I will not pretend to be someone else because I am too good at being ME .. I might not be proud of some of the things I've done but I am proud of who I am today ! Take me as I am or don't take me at all . Copy / Paste if you are happy with you . ? 
I wish all this rain meant snow . 
chillin with the sexiest lady alive !!! 
just about to take a hike with mah dawg . 
My brain is functioning so well right now ! 
Ahaha ! My dad washed my car ! It hasn't hada bath in 2 years ! 
" You know I love you with your funky ass style ... " ( I love my positive friends . They rock ... ) 
I wish I could get rid of this headache !!! 
A Firefighter is missing their family while caring for 
yours . In the minute it takes you to read this , Firefightersall over 
the world are saving lives . It's Firefighter appreciation week ... 
Repost if you are a Firefighter , love a Firefighter , or appreciate a 
Firefighter . 
Gahh more sleeep please !! 
What the heck ? It's river time not pneumonia time !!! What is with this rainy and chilly weather ?? GRRR 
FU mean people ... Really WTF is your problem ? Going out of your way to be mean to me because its " funny ?!? " Grow up .... 
If your love is strong , thats all you need ! 
Friday night again . With nothing to do ... It seems like all of my friends have vanished !! 
the sun is finally shining .. super 
Chillin ' with Brina . ( shes playing with magnetic balls ) 
Okay , Its time to stop living like a refugee . Taking all of my random crap out of my car , including my tent . And my dresser and table out of storage today . But I'm still going to make my major bucks returning cans ! 
My Mommy and I just watched some Ultimate Fighter . How's that for a pre-mother's day bonding experience ? 
Chillin like flint 
I really dont want to be awake yet . I had a nutso alarm that kept going off every hour last night ..... 
Wild friday night for me , I'm gunna sit in my room and play the Wii ! 
As I grow to understand life less and less , I learn to love it more and more . 
Its going to be a LONG day .... * sigh * 
If I was a superhero , my name would be Deflecto , but I already possess the power to deflect men for 10 miles in every direction . =D 
Together . We are living . This life of illusion . 
River time !!! 
I swim , but I wish I had never learned . The waters ' too polluted .. with germs . 
Summmmmer time ! 
Whoa . Airwalk is STILL making snowboards . Had no idea . I like this . I HAVE an old airwalk board haha . Half of it is the color of baby crap and half faded safety vest orange . 
A seemingly normal and relaxing evening changed so rapidly , my sleep was first disturbed by small creatures burrowing beneath my tent , then the larger wildlife came out . I love when animals attack ... I think i peeed my pants a little ... 
" in between the lines 
outside of the law 
underneath the veil 
we dig our foundations 
we navigate the globe 
trying to find a pattern to break the mold 
with a family to feed 
theres nowhere we wont go " 
I guess I will try to sleep now . Thats what normal people do at night . Right ? 
infusionism ! 
today ... could have been a good day . But I layed around in my pajamas and did nothing ... 
" If you wish to travel far and fast , travel light . Take off all your envies , jealousies , unforgiveness , selfishness , and fears . " 
[ Glenn Clark ] 
Mckenzie tomorrow , North Umpqua on monday .. I love river !! 
Life hurts ! 
I'm so bored .. That I could tear YOUR hair out .. :)) 
AHAHAHAHA ! That was SOO random !! 
Beautiful ! Going to BBQ ! 
I am so sick of this big bunch of morons ....... 
" A positive attitude may not solve all your problems , but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort . ” 
in the back seat of my car 
lacking all motivational skills today ..... 
in the market for a boarding brainbucket ! i love sales ... 
Don't drink and drive . Smoke and fly ! ( What is your view on proposed Measure 8 ?? ) 
Oh man . There is now female viagra .. This probably isn't that new of a thing . But the first I've heard ... 
" Would you please put some pants on ? I feel weird having to ask you twice . " 
I dont want to be awake yet !! Mehh ... focus on the project at hand ! 
Vibin ' on some reggae beats ! 
What a hellacious week ... BTW . I love you miss Nicole Andresen-Douglas . Thanks for takin me in at 3 in the morning . And letting me eat your food and being the all around awesomest !! Yeah thank you too John for fixing my computer . You rock too . 
------------------ 

You make me dance like a fool , 
forget how to breathe . 
Shine like gold , 
buzz like a bee . 
x-D 
People get impressed when I write in cursive . 
Willamette Pass Resort will be opening on friday . Yayyyy ! 
I haven't been out on the river in almost a month . This needs to change soon . 
so I really CANT stand up on a wakeboard !! how lame is that ?! 
Opening day tomorrow .. and I'm not going out . Why ? I have no idea . I just didn't plan on it . 
Haha I freakin love camping . 
Nature loves her little suprises . 
My dad bought a blue ray player , he hooked it up and puts in " Avatar . " After a few minutes he starts swearing and throwing a fit . We asked what was wrong and he said its not in 3D and the colors suck and I'm taking the * ucker back . We started to make fun of him . " Dad if you want that effect it only works if you take a few hits of acid . " His reply was " Does this bitch come with any ? " XMas Eve with the Pierces . Bahaha . 
I reached back like a pimp and I slapped the ho ! 
In between the lines , outside of the law ... 
:(((( 
constant cycle of sleeping and inefficiency ... 
But it's not sane , it's not sane . I just want someone to say to me no , I'll always be there when you wake , yea . You know I'd like to keep my cheeks dry today . So stay with me and I'll have it made . And I don't understand why I sleep all day . And I start to complain that there's no rain . And all I can do is read a book to stay awake . And it rips my life away , but it's a great escape . 
Escape , Escape , Escape 
BORED ! 
Campin tonight . Open house and shift tomorrow . Camp tomorrow night . Floatin the Mckenzie on sunday . Camping sunday night .. Wow ... busyness 
Charcoal bagel anyone ? 
" We are burdened as thinkers , as poets and humans , but as spirits we are free . " 
Why cant I stop not sleeping and just get some sleep ? 
Im home : - .... 
Sixty percent of brain mass is made of healthy fat . 
I dont fall . I dont crawl . I dont beg . Or need a leg . To stand on . I'm strong . 
Slightly Stoopid tomorrow night . In Jacksonville . Soooo stoked . 
:) Miranda Relocation Act . 
Nicole Andresen-Douglas and I are are are are are hobos !!!!!! 
---------------------- 
Compassion . 
Moderation . 
Humility . 
Who picked a ton of tastey mushrooms today ? I did ! Yay ! 
Who is getting sick to her stomach from eating so many ? ME !! 
Mushroooooom gluttony . 
Perseid meteor shower peaking tonight ! 
So I found my clarinet , busted it out and started playin . A 5 year old with a kazoo sounds much more delightful than I do right now . Thats what I get for not playing for 6 years ..... 
Is there anything to eat ? Nothing unless you want a bandaid sandwich with a tall glass of iodine ! 
Clean socks ? Check . Clean panties ? Check . Clean conscious ? CHECK . Now off to North Carolina ! 
we peddle down the street , reflectors on the seat , into the village we get down down down 
Attention Oakridge voters ! If you haven't voted already please vote " Yes " on the ambulance measure . Support your volunteers and your community . 
" whats a star wrench ?? " You gotta be f-in kidding me . If you don't know what a starwrench/tireiron is and dont know how to change a tire , you shouldnt be allowed to drive . 
Ski-Swap was hectic , scored a pair of Flow bindings and a new coat . Need to go riding sooo bad . 
Love in an elevator ! 
Everything is so confusing , why must we strive to make sense of this unsure reality ? So many factors and variables . Life in arithmetic . Come closer , stay away ! Suffer , take medication . Work , fail to succeed . My life is so unsure right now and filled negativity with every choice I make . STRESSED . I want something concrete and sure , but then again .. I don't . 
" Who really thinks my children will be large-breasted and accident prone ? They might just have an irrational fear of extraterrestrials ... " Oh the conversations I enjoy with Tyree Kordosky 
Live kindly and gently and bravely and honestly and symmetrically and backwards and forwards . Nurturing , Abstractly and Hold your head confidently . Respect others . Be a FRIEND . Live as your choose . Peace out ... or in .... 
Climb the mountains and get their good tidings . Nature's peace will flow into you as sunshine flows into trees . The winds will blow their own freshness into you , and the storms their energy , while cares will drop off like autumn leaves . ~ John Muir 
Some days are diamonds , I would be happy if today could atleast turn out to be a ruby ! 
* NOAA Issue Date : 10/24/2010 2:45 AM ... Winter Storm Watch upgraded to a Winter Storm Warning ... in effect from 3 Pm this afternoon to 6 Pm Pdt Monday above 4000 feet for the south Washington and north and central Oregon Cascades ... 
Helllll ya ! 
It's looking like my snowboarding season is over . It's looking like alot of things are . Just when I was finally feeling like a badass on the mountain . I need to get back to work before I lose my mind .. 
Can you hear the sound of hysteria ? 
Really in the mood for some Fleetwood Mac ! 
I made it through day 5 of my new workout . My muscles are burnin , but damn I feel good ! 
So sleepy , cant get motivated . Caffeine stat ! 
Ahh . Snowboarding makes me so happy .. 
My Rocket Express is fatally ill . And will be dead soon . 
R.I.P. 
In several months I might be able to get the motor rebuilt . 
Zombie car ?? 
Naked cat ... like petting a ballsack . 
My brains melted like candle wax and ran down on the floor . 
I'm half alive , but I feel mostly dead . 
Emotionally , mentally and physically exhausted . Time to regenerate with some carbonated water containing ; high fructose corn syrup , caramel color , phosphoric acid , caffiene and natural flavor . Who wins the unhealthy award ?? 
I love falling asleep in the bathtub . 
EMT-Basic starts in January . There are going to be so many hoops to jump through , but I know its worth it . I need to focus on the task at hand and remember what I truely want for my life . And right now . I want to get back into a work routine and complete the class ! 
I miss the rocket ... I HATE riding the bus to work .. love the bus drivers tho . 
Let's see you dannnnce sucker , you got nothing on me ! 
Trees are absolutely fantastic . <3 Oregon , I think I've been watching too much National Geographic Explorer lately ... I hate tv , but I love it equally . 
All human actions have one or more of these seven causes : chance , nature , compulsions , habit , reason , passion , desire . -Aristotle 
Thanks again for the happy birthday wishes guys . I've spent the last little while with my face in the toilet . :O 
Neck spasms of death I HATE you ! 
When I dream at night , it always ends up being about housefires , taking medical calls , starting up EPA in the morning or riding light and deep powder on Destiny .. Welcoming day 38 of this doing nothing nonsense and hoping my night insanities will become reality again soon . 
Drowsy , wimpy and playing lame facebook games . On a brighter note I have some of the best friends and fam in the world . I love them bunches . Also thank you WP patrol , awesome managers and friends , and medic 1171 . 
The lyrical content has grown more introspective and less abstract . I don't know if that's good or bad ... Sometimes it feels a little raw to be putting so much of myself out there . -Mark Edwards 
Forget sex or politics or religion , loneliness is the subject that clears out a room . -Doug Coupland 
Doctor says " And work , you shall not . " ....... GRRRR 
My kitty is hurt . :(((( 
Played a slightly morbid and very violent game of farm animals with a 4 year old today , she kept pushing the animals off of the cliff . Then I told her we should have a funeral . She then tells me " No , we can just grind them up into pieces . " I later found out she meant cremation .. 
This little girl is feelin blue 
They say to follow your heart , but my heart drives me crazy ! Confusion , fear of rejection and uncertainty .. To the ends of the Earth and beyond , oh heart of mine . 
My horoscopes have been right on the money latetly . Just thought you needed to know that . It makes me feel good . I must remain positive and count my blessings . And not be such a stubborn Scorpio . :) 
So , has anyone heard about Grace Ann Schröeder getting a sex change after she gives birth to her son ? Keep it on the D.L. You didn't hear it from me . ;) 
Found a brand new juicer on craigslist for $50 ! Picking it up tomorrow . Yay ! 
I need a new swear word that combines all meanings of every swear word known to human kind . And then the meaning needs to be 1,000,000 X more intense and worse than any other before . Then I would like to shout it at the top of my lungs on a megaphone loud enough to be heard by all existance .. But even then I wouldn't have accomplished anything . Atleast I would be heard . Or something . Fuck it . 
Fergie . I hate you , don't sing " Sweet Child O ' Mine " ever again . You soiled it with your tone deafness . Christina , we all mess up , but why the NATIONAL ANTHEM ! Its okay . I don't hate you as much as Fergie . That is all . 
Hahaha . I painted my Dad's toenails while he was sleeping . Hours and HOURS ago . He has been walking around with blue sparkley-ness .. And doesn't know how pretty he is . Yeah . He is really observant . 
Today's grocery list : Green veggies and delicious fruits . Also a trip to the Thurston Book Exchange . Favorite bookstore EVER ! 
So , I just watched Signs and it never gets less scary , so here I am juicing bok choy , parsley , kale , red cabbage and carrots in my bathroom so I don't disturb my family . :\ Ya the laptop is in the bathroom too . 
Avoid taking Ny-quil and watching programs on the History Channel titled " The Plague . " The dreams/hallucinations you may experience are very uncomfortable and emotionally rattling . That is all . : 0 
Ahh , things went well today . Thanks to Mister Chief Guy Harshbarger . Thank you so much Chief . You will be blessed with many cookies soon ! Then Cafe Yumm ! to top it all off . 
Our beloved Hills Creek Dam was featured in a 2008 episode of Mega Disasters on the History channel . Not that it was a disaster , that it could be . OOOOO . I watched it last night . Thought it was pretty neat . Or is it just old news and I'm the last know haha . 
When I grow up I want to be chupacabra .. 
:'( I'm sorry kitty .... 
Kitty is doing better ! :D Leg not broken , but now he is driving me crazy . I think I over sedated him .. Because he slept for awhile , But now it seems like he is fryin balls or something .. 
Be kind , there are too many meanies as it is . 
Poet and you don't even know it , friendship ; you can always grow it . You can rhyme , but keep no time .. Hey baby what's your sign ? 
Large possibility that I will be released for part time work tomorrow . Wish me luck ! 
And I'm released to 5 hour days for 2 days a week !! YAY ! I'm so happy to get back to work ! 
So the US Supreme Court has ruled that you have the right under the First Amendment to protest military funerals ... I invite you to start your protest in my front yard and we can see if your first amendment is better than my Second Amendment ... Repost if you feel the same 
Lockout , tagout , makeout , passout , getout , panout 
Sorry pals .. you gotta go ! 
I HATE daylight savings . I thought I did well and got some extra sleep last night but Nooooo . Then I thought I got up early .. Damn automatic clocks on cellphones that save me from being late ! 
Haa someone called the storm today " Mary Ellen . " Avalanche warnings ... More high wind warnings . Power out . Glad I got off work at 1 ! 
I think my life has come to the point where I need 3 more cats . 
HAMMM ! Haa Ponyo started out my day with happy cartoon joy . <3 
I think it might be the appropriate time to panic , because the government is saying everything will be alright . I really don't want incurable bone cancer . But then again it makes sense that radiation particles would be very diluted .. Hmmm . Won't catch me eating iodine tablets just yet . 
" Alive " foods , such as fruits and veggies , make you feel alive while " dead " foods ( anything processed ) will make you feel dead . '' Funny how the energy flow works . 
Pear pear pear pear ladies ! 
Wanna know the truth ? Like this and I'll tell you what I think . 
I kinda feel bad . No matter what , when I have to step up and continue my service as a great friend I always lose . And mostly I lose opportunities . Seems like its happened again . :( 
Wow . I had contact with the sex offender at large in Eugene today ! Just saw it on the news . A creeper talked to me on the bike path and hovered around for awhile . Then I joked with my sister about him looking like the suspect . He was found by police about a quarter mile away 2 hours after I saw him !! GAH I thought there was no way it was him . Theres a reason why I don't like strolling in town .. 
