WE SALUTE THE HEROISM OF OUR TRUE HEROES AND THE MARTYERS OF KARGIL WAR . 
Time can make us forget some memories .... but there are some memorieswhich make us forget time and those memories make life sweeter .............. by great indian philosopher shailendragiri(hahahahaha ) 
life always tells to death """"" i love you """"""" 
Time is a great teacher ................................... but unfortunately it kills all it's pupils 
Now i m being tired by them who are double faced 
Between men and women there is no friendship possible . There is passion , enmity , worship , love , but no friendship . 
A gentleman is one who never hurts anyone's feelings unintentionally . 
A man can be happy with any woman , as long as he does not love her . 
A true friend stabs you in the front . 
Illusion is the first of all pleasures . 
I have the simplest tastes . I am always satisfied with the best . 
I am back ........... n actions which are louder than words ................... 
A man's face is his autobiography . A woman's face is her work of fiction 
Hatred is blind ..........! as .. well .. as .. love ;) 
yes , ahemdabad is my city.it is strange , but if you have had happy time here for a long time , you consider it the best city in the world ............. and another speciality is in communal the bllod and in peace investments are world famouse . 
Until victory always ................ 
The same principle ......, which forbids me to lie does not allow me to tell the truth ...... 
I don't know nor do you know , 
What kind of world this is , 
No one knows . 
Then why there is this loneliness ? 
What kind of dishonour is this ? 
Why have we become sad ? 
We've become lost . 
If I got another chance I will prefer to be a non-complicated nonsense person in place of , an intelligent confuse far from every one like a serpent . -no copy right for my intelligent fellow . 
" The heart was made to be broken . " 
— Oscar Wilde 
If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous , he will not bite you . This is the principal difference between a dog and a man-Mark Twain 
In a school in France the teacher asks , " Has any of you ever saved somebody's life ? " 
A little boy raises his arm , " Yes , my little nephew's . " 
" How did it happen ? Tell us ! " asks the teacher . 
The little French says , " I hid my sister's birth control pills ! " 
So , slowly-slowly I am going to there WHERE EAGLES DARE -- Athabasca in 3 months , I am coming gateway to the north . 
" The average man don't like trouble and danger . " - Mark Twain 
Ideas are bulletproof-'V ' 
" ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ???? ???, ?? ?? ?? ???? ????? ?? 

?? ?? ?? ???? ????? ??, ?? ?? ?? ???? ????? ?? 
????? ???? ????? ???? ?? ?? ??? ??? ??, 
??? ???? ???? ??? ??, ??? ????? ???? ??? ?? 
?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?????? ??, ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?????? ??? 
?? ????? ???? ?? ??????, ?? ?? ???????? ?????? ??? " -Sahir . 
I never learned hate at home , or shame . I had to go to school for that-Dick Gregory . 
Now-a-days people are more sense conscious but ; 
I want to have the extremes of your Love , 
See , how silly am I , wishing for unachievable . 
The unexamined life is not worth living . - Socrates , in Plato , Dialogues , Apology 
Music : The voice of human silence . 
Indifferent : The person who believes that every woman has something right and every man has something wrong . 
commentary : The last achievement of human-right . 
Intellectual : You came back from a hill station after enjoy few days and he will prove that you enjoyed nothing !! 
Honesty and Dishonesty : honesty means one mouth , one language ! Dishonesty means one mouth , two languages ...... 
In human intercourse the tragedy begins , not when there is misunderstanding about words , but when silence is not understood-Thoreua . 
If love is shelter then , I walking in the rain . 
A true wise man's heart be happy rarely-old german god odin's proverb . 
World has two types of people ; one is stupid and second is intelligent . Unfortunately Intelligent suffers because of stupid's majority . 
We will have a more beautiful world if all women — and women are half of the world — are allowed to grow their talents , their genius . It is not a question at all nobody is higher , nobody is lower . Women are women , men are men ; they have differences , but differences don’t make anybody higher or lower . Their differences create their attraction . -Rajneeshji . 
I'm tired of being what you want me to be 
Feeling so faithless , lost under the surface 
I don't know what you're expecting of me 
Put under the pressure of walking in your shoes 
Every step that I take is another mistake to you 
I've become so numb I can't feel you there 
Become so tired so much more aware 
I'm becoming this all I want to do 
Is be more like me and be less like you-linking park 
season change caused me fever !! :( 
Ye dil hi tha jo seh gayaa 
Wo baat aesi keh gayaa 
Kehne ko phir kya reh gayaa 
Ashkon ka dariyaa beh gayaa 
Jab keh ke vo dilbar gayaa 
Tere liye main mar gayaa 
Rote hain us ko raat bhar 
Preparing assignment ..... 
The world is divided into two kinds of people , those who have friends and those who are lonely like poor Tuco-from the good the bad and the ugly 
I refuse to give up 
I refuse to give in 
You're my everything 
I don't wanna give up 
I don't wanna give in 
So everybody sing 
One love for the mothers prider 
One love for the times we cried 
One love gotta stay alive ... I will survive -Blue 
Anger is the boon , particularly for a man . 
Now , complete bored of snow . 
This is hard to believe that Liz taylor is passed away .... R . I . P to the Cleopatra of the century . 
Right now there in a'bad comedy of errors is going on , I'have to go in my class so , please somebody inform me about result of the match . 
pakistan get ready to kiss india's ass ... Your worst nightmare ... 
After september 2008 , pakis will face india for first time this is the war not the game .......... world cup final is in Mumbai , I do not wish to see any Paki in mumbai . 
Complete bored ... 
Cricket is an Indian game , by mistake discovered by Britishers . 
Going to type bull-shit , lengthy assignment . 
There is a majority of good people .... this is sad for life . 
Saluted father dear , Kissed my darlin ' mother , 
Drank a pint of beer , My grief and tears to smother , 
Then off to reap the corn , And leave where I was born-A part of Rocky road to dublin . 
India bat first .... 
The moment of victory is celebrated and seeing live in my college(they stopped to serve alcohol because Indians and Pakistanis are there ) I capture those moments in photo/video guys can enjoy that cricet fever is continuing in Canada too .... 
Over all ...... today's day was a happy day ..... for India 
Boredom : the desire for desires . -leo tolstoy 
HIP HIP HURRRAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH WE WON THE CUP YA HOOOOOOOOOO ..... 
Faraway .... Faraway .... You are so far away from me but I'll be back one day ...... 
" Better to reign in Hell than serve in Heaven " -Lucifer(satan ) in Milton's Paradise Lost . 
If you comes to my grave , 
please leave me a piece of your veil . 
O , the one who made me suffer ! 
I agreed to the suffering 
please leave me a piece of your veil-karunesh 
I don't know what I gain and lost , I don't understand anything here ; 
I forget every thing and tried to live then also there's no rest to my heart ..... 
Let us go heart across the stars with a hope of rest . 
A pessimist is an optimist who has become frustrated with his optimism . He hoped too much and failed , he dreamed too much and could not achieve anything substantial . The pessimist is an optimist standing on his head . -rajneeshji . 
Death is acceptable to me but , 
I am helpless ,? for I am unable to die . 
To the one who has become the pain in my heart , 
to the one who has made me suffer ; 
may She give all the relief of the world . 
please leave me a lock of your hair . 
I agreed to the suffering ; 
please , leave me a piece of your lock of hair . 
Thanks to Anna Hazare today impotent populations group calls Indian is on the way of public revolution ' Movement again corruption ' . Keep it to the climax friends we require a revolution and we have the chance do it now or die as part of third world's corrupt country's impotent citizen .... Revolution Requires Red . 
I am powerless by Love's game . 
How can you expect me 
to behave and act modest ? 
to stay at home , 
like a good little boy ? 
to enjoy being chained like a mad man ? 
Oh , my love , you will find me every night , 
on your street , 
with my eyes glued to your window , 
waiting for a glimpse of your radiant face . -Jalaluddin Rumi 
A special spark rises 
from the sorrow of burning heart . 
Have you ever heard 
how the sign of broken heart 
touches the beloved ? -Rumi . 
You can not price the heart with mere words , 
pain is the price that the heart has to pay-Rumi 
You think you are alive 
because you breathe air ? 
Shame on you , 
that you are alive in such a limited way . 
Don't be without Love , 
so you won't feel dead . 
Die in Love 
and stay alive forever . -Rumi 
In frustration people start behaving like women . They start breaking things , throwing things . 
2+2 = 4(common wisdom ) 
2+2 = 5(stupid wisdom ) 
2+2 = 22(uncommon wisdom ) 
Decide your self which one is yours . 
Days and nights 
I have spent in hope , 
Your face has never left me . 
Now that my life has passed , 
my hope outlive me . -Rumi 
Love is a very costly game generally riches play . 
I am a transient poet , momentary is my tale to tell . 
A fleeting moment or two my life , My youth is a momentary spell-Sahir ludhianvi(main pal do pal ka ... ) 
Today a true person disappeared , because of common medioker human kind .... 
Trust is not in someone , it is not a relationship . Trust is a quality in you . A man of trust ... it does not mean in what he trusts , but he trusts ; that is his innocence . Even if he is cheated because of his trust , that does not matter , because trust is more valuable than any small thing that he has been cheated of . You can take everything from him , but you cannot take his trust . -Rajneeshji 
I am being ambitious . 
Ambition is the last refuge of the failure-oscar wilde 
Yes , i'm failed . 
is hanged over ........ 
The ego of the politician wants nobody to 
be higher than him . 
Life is not a tragedy , it is a comedy . To be alive means to have a sense 
of humor . 
Several young boys were called by the New Delhi authorities for a medica check-up to determine the paternity of a certain teenage girl's baby Akki went in and after a few minutes came out . " Don't worry , fellows , " he smiled . " They'll never find out . They're taking samples from the finger ! " 
first class missed .. 
now-a-days friends also do not allow to cry .......... 
world says NO but i say YES ... 
romance is dead . 
dancing in rain . 
is suferring ....... 
Doubt is the vestibule which we all must pass through before we can 
enter the temple of truth . 
Real love always brings sadness . It is inevitable -- because love creates a space which opens new doors to your being . Love brings a twilight situation . 
Life is an absurdity — it is a mystery . You need not search for meaning , you have 
just to live it , enjoy it 
When Pontius Pilate asked Jesus , " What is truth ? " 
Jesus remained silent . 
jesus remained silent because he also knows it cannot be answered . 
ye mahloN , ye taKhtoN , ye taajoN ki duniya 
ye insaaN ke dushman , samaajoN ki duniya 
ye daulat ke bhuukhe , rivaajoN ki duniyaa 
ye duniyaa agar mil bhi jaaye to kyaa hai . 

har ik jism ghaayal , har ik ruuh pyaasii 
nigaahoN me uljhan , diloN meiN udaasi 
ye duniyaa hai yaa aalam-e-badhavaasii 
j 
Why join the navy if you can be a pirate ? ” 
is not happy :( 
If I had eight hours to chop a tree , I would spend six hours sharpning my axe-Abraham lincoln 
“Nobody is here to fulfill your dream . Everybody is here to fulfill his own destiny , his own reality . ”-OSHO RAJNEESH 
Good bye , au re voire .... & .... etc . forever . 
Life is nothing but an opportunity for love to blossom . If you are alive , the opportunity is there -- even to the last breath . You may have missed your whole life : just the last breath , the last moment on the earth , if you can be love , you have not missed anything -- because a single moment of love is equal to the whole eternity of love . 
Millions of people have decided not to love human beings any more . It is better to love a dog , a cat , a parrot ; it is better to love a car-because you can dominate them well and they never mind it like human beeing , and the other never tries to dominate you . It is simple ; it is not as complex as it is going to be with human beings-those are simply masochists psychologically sick , who enjoy torturing others . 
new eyes ain't the responsible for new vision ... 
Nobody can teach you love . Love you have to find yourself , within your being , by raising your consciousness to higher levels-osho rajneesh . 
Going to college : first day ..!!! 
Life was demanding love , 
Necessity was demanding dedication , 
I was really lost somewhere in desert , 
The desert of lonesomeness and fear , 
And suddenly the storm of disappointment came , 
... Again I lost , for find my tears and sorrow , 
Old friends of my life . See More 
Akki walked into a cocktail lounge and said to barmaid 
" give me a double scotch ! " 
" hey , kid ! " she sighed " you want to get me in trouble ? " 
" may be later lady , right now i just wanna drink . " ;) 
foloving life until I get date with her ..... 
From today I'm UNDERGROUND , unto don't know exactly . 
death has no fear , actually fear has death in it's side . 
" Become more and more innocent , less knowledgeable and more childlike . Take life as fun - because that's precisely what it is ! " -OSHO RAJNEESH 
i go back junagadh tomorrow . 
Falling in love you remain a child ; rising in love you mature . By and by love becomes not a relationship , it becomes a state of your being . Not that you are in love - now you are love-osho rajneesh 
“Only those who are ready to become nobodies are able to love . ”-osho rajneesh . 
universal truth : love is the subject of giving like an emperor , not baging like a bager . 
I AM THE RAAVAN ....... A REAL DEVILE . 
this is my story 
silent life 
desolation is saying 
why are you suffering cruelties 
voiced by loneliness 
each wound is growing 
it is saying some thing to me 
from the lap of memories I pick thorns that are pricking me 
I am living in the shadow of falling walls . 
I am here first time through my cell .... my another nomber is +919033964605 . 
Men know life too early ; women know life too late-that is the different between men and women-oscar wilde 
speechless .......................... 
Love should be without any expectations ; otherwise laughter dies . When 
you expect , frustration comes in . Nobody can fulfill your expectations , 
and there is nobody who needs to fulfill them . They come out of a mad , 
neurotic mind . If somebody fulfills them then too love disappears . Then 
the other becomes a necessity , a need , a possession — a valuable 
possession but a possession all the same . -rajneeshji 
such a boring feeling of to be straitforward ...... 
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes . -oscar wilde 
The lover is never slow in offering his head 
for his lord's service . 
Kabir declares the secret of this love . -kabir 
Don't choose . Accept life as it is in its totality . 
World once will be beautiful , every one get whatever deserved , once justice take place in world ....... 
In thees philosophy three types people believe ...... 
Type one idiots , 
Type two children , 
Type three women . 
is at junagadh and enjoying the rain , the fosest and the mountains . 
If a man starts to mind all of his life's injustice-he'll die before thirty five because he can't cry like a woman_chandrakant bakshi 
I am 
not in sorrow nor in joy , 
Neither in clean nor unclean . 
I am not water , I am not earth , 
I am not fire , 
I am not air . 
Says Bulla , 
who knows who I am ! -bulleh shah 
Once a wise man asked god- 
Man:whta's the meaning of life ? 
God : life has no meaning it self ; life is an opportunity to create a meaning . 
???? ???? ?? ???? ??????, ???? ?? ???? ???? 
?????? ?? ??????, ?? ?? ?????, ?? ???? ?? ???? 
???? ?? ???? ????, ?? ?? ?? ???? ???? 
?? ??? ????, ?? ??? ????, ??? ???? ??????? 
?? ?? ? ??? ?????, ?? ??? ????? ????? 
? ?? ?? ?????, ????? ???? ??, ?? ?? ???? ???? 
???? ?? ??? ???? ????? ?? ?? ???? 
???? ???? ???, ???? ??????, ?? ???? ????? -shailendra 
The flute of the infinite is played without ceasing , 
and its sound is love . 
When love renounces all limits , 
it reaches truth . -kabir 
life is like a lemon , squeez every drop ............... 
at last i got that i am alone , lonly , rejected and tired loser ....... 
why does my heart so afraid ? 
why does my soul so afraid ? 
love needs great courge for the simple reason that the basic requirement of love is to drop the ego . And man is very afraid of dropping the ego . It seems almost loke committing suicide . It only seems so because we don't know anything other than the ego . -Rajneeshji 
To be alone in the only real revolution . To accept that you are alone 
is the greatest transformation that can happen to you . 
is busy in exam of ielts , will be free after ten hours .... 
Man has created a society in which friendship between man and woman is impossible . 
THE STORM IS ON THE WAY ......... BEWARE OF IT . 
Immature love says : ' I love you because I need you . ' Mature love says ' I need you because I love you . ' 
I know the good but I'm not able to be good . 
Duryodhan(MAHABHARATA)to karn before war 
fights for existence . 
A life is lenghthy and boaring drama ....... 
I took an IQ test , 
results were negative . 
confused between life and ....... something . 
well!i'm back again ofcourse in action.so,when eagle is silent parrot is shouting ....... eagle is back a little warning to parrots and eagle is hungry and angry also . 
underhandeads are forever .... 
Dhigesh was in a quandry . What to do ? -- marry the wealthy widow that he didn't love , or 
the poor lassie that he loved overmuch ? 
" Listen to your heart , man , " urged his best friend , sadhu Akshaygiri . " Marry the one you 
love . " 
" Aye , you are right as usual , sadhu , " he nodded , " money is not everything . " 
" In that case , Dhigesh , would you mind giving me the widow's address ? " asked Akshaygiri . 
Falling 
in love you remain a child ; rising in love you mature . 
is confused and tired .... because of confusion . 
yahoooooo ! YES I GOT IT ....... 
There is no need to stop or drop judging people ; you have to understand why you judge and how you judge . You can judge only the behaviour because only the behaviour is available . You cannot judge the person because the person is hiding behind , the person is a mystery . You can judge the act but you cannot judge the being . 
Love is seed , 
God is flower . 
every thing we can do in this world exapt creative work , majority is in front of creativity . 
feels like a lonely island . 
Program failures but I'll go SOMEWHERE else ...... 
World is full of fools . 
I watched deepa mehta's water in french , however the movie has solid base of truth no one can neglect this reality . 
is shining like sun , 
and burning like sun . 
The more you expect love , the more 
difficult it will be for love to flow back to you . If you expect love 
from someone the other will feel it as bondage ; it will be a duty for 
him , something which he has to do . And when love is a duty it cannot 
fulfill anyone because love as a duty is dead . your expectation- the cause of your 
own frustrations . 
He who knows othersis clever ; He who knows himself is enlightened . 
You will not stop , You will not turn , You will not halt 
Take this 
oath , take this oath , take this oath 
The Oath of Fire , the Oath of 
Fire , the Oath of Fire 
This is a great situation 
Man 
Walks 
Tears , Sweat and Blood 
They swathe Him , they swathe Him 
Walk 
on the Path of Fire , Walk on the Path of Fire 
Keep a green tree in your heart , the singing bird will surely come . 
what a life it is ... just a small day and two big , dark nights . 
is suferring like all geniouses . 
Rain helps us to hide our tears . -charlie chapelean 
Any moment of great happiness will also be a great moment of sadness . 
I've nothing to complain about in life , except you . 
But then life is no life without you , either 
I wish I could take the path your . feet have taken ..... and go somewhere , far away . 
For you're with me , there will be no shortage of destination . 
I've really no complains against life , except you . 
How I wish I could put my head in your lap and cry my eyes out . 
In your eyes , isn't there also a trace of tears ? 
. 
???? ??? ??? ???? ??? 
??? ?? ???? ???? ???? ????? ??? ?? ???? 
?? ?? ??? ??? ???? ??? ???? ??? ??? ???? ??? 
??? ?? ???? ????? ??? ???? ???? ????? ??? 
??? ???? ???? ???? ??? ???? ??? ?? ???? ??? 
????? ??? ?? ?????? ??? ??? ??? ???? ?????? 
???? ??? ?? ????? ??? -Nasir kazmi 
Ab samza tere rukshar pe till ka matlab ; 
Daulat-e-hushan ne darwan bitha rakha hai . 
if you don't have crying face and impotant nature you can't be GOOD man experienced this is why i put it here . huh ...... 
going to ahemdabad back ....... 
Millions of people are suffering : they want to be loved but they don't know how to love . 
Rain is dancing as " DEATH " in india-ahemdabad coverd by water 12 inch rained in 3 hours 15 died , leh 25 inch in 2 hours whole city is distroyed 200 civilians and 10 soldiers are passed away and vidarbh ........ death is dancing ...... 
Akki died and was sent 
immediately , to hell . There he reached Satan who had been waiting 
for him for a long time -- he was a man long awaited there . Satan 
received him , welcomed him , and Akki said to the devil , 
" Boy , am I happy being here in heaven . " 
The devil said , " This is no heaven . " 
Akki said , " That may be your attitude . I am coming from India 
-- to me it looks like heaven . " 
You have written my fate 
Your pity and compassion 
Is the destination of humans 
You have given heaven 
As well as grief 
Seriousness is a sickness ; your sense of humor makes you more human , more .. 
In a separation it is the one 
who is not really in love who says the more tender things . 
From my fairy tales ' fairs ' has flown , tales rest-Shaikh adam abuwala in his autobiography . 
A body of clay , 
a mind of play , 
moment's life-That is me . 
Taj Mahal 
The Taj , mayhap , to you may seem , a mark of love supreme 
brYou may hold this beauteous vale in great esteem ; 
Yet , my love , meet me hence at some other place ! 
Countless men in this world must have loved and gone , 
Who would say their loves weren’t truthful or strong ? 
But in the name of their loves , no memorial is raised 
For they too , like you and me , belonged to the common throng . 
Best people can laugh on their self .... ;) 
You alone exist ; I do not , 
O Beloved ! You alone exist , I do not ! 
Like the shadow of a house in ruins , I revolve in my own mind . 
If I speak , you speak with me : If I am silent , you are in my mind . 
If I sleep , you sleep with me : If I walk , you are along my path . 
Oh Bulleh , the spouse has come to my house : My life is a sacrifice unto Him . 
You alone exist ; I do not , O Beloved ! -Bulleh shah . 
Without 
you , there will not be any complaints about life , 
but then without you 
my life will not be a life at all , 
Without you , I will have no 
complaints about life , 
but then without you my life will not be a life . 
Happy birth day JULES VERNE joyeux anniversair et merci pour mysterious island , captain nemo and journy to the center of earth . 
I think my new profile picture is more suit on me . 
From tomorrow I'm busy for few days . 
In search of that smile with purest emotion of quest ............ 
It is always death that comes before your 
desires are fulfilled . Even if you live for a thousand years your 
desires are not going to be fulfilled . 
Life is not serious . Only graveyards are serious , death is serious . Life is love , life is laughter , life is dance , song . But we will have to give life a new orientation . The past has crippled life very badly , it has made you almost laughter blind , just like there are people who are colorblind . 
Everybody goes on thinking that he loves people and nobody 
returns the love , but it has never happened that way . It is against the law ; it 
is against dharma , against the ultimate law of life . If you love , love comes in 
return . If it is not coming , go deeper ; somewhere in the name of love you have 
done something else-rajneeshji 
one who walks alone , 
He alone finds truth , 
Heart absorbed in love , 
Never again come back . -kabir 
Akki said to his 
girlfriend . ”What do you say we do something different tonight , for 
a change ? ” ” O.K. , ” she said . ”What do you suggest ? ” ”You try to 
kiss me , ” said Akki , ”and I will slap your face ! ” 
The really poor people are those who have never fallen in love and never suffered . They have not lived at all . To fall in love and to suffer in love is good . It is passing through fire ; it purifies , it gives you insight , it makes you more alert . This is the challenge to be accepted . Those who don't accept this challenge remain spinless-Rajneeshji 
from tomorrow , again life without internet for several days :( 
This word “compassion” is composed of 
passion . To be compassionate means to be in love . Compassion is just 
a dimension of love . Passion is hasty , hectic , a little violent . 
Compassion is gentle , nice , understanding — but it is passion after 
all . 
Most often it happens that the people who are outwardly very beautiful are inwardly very ugly . Their outer beauty becomes a facade or cover up to hide themselves behind , and it is experienced by million of people every day . You fall in love with a man or woman and just within a few days you start discovering his or her inner state ; it doesn't correspond to his outer beauty . on the contrary it's very ugly-Rajneeshji 
Teacher : Can you tell me the name of 3 great kings who have brought 
happiness & peace into people's lives ? 
Student : 
Smo-king , Drin-king & fuc-king !! 
LOOK IN YOUR SELF 
You have learnt so much And read a thousand books . Have you ever read your Self ? You have gone to mosque and temple . Have you ever visited your soul ? You are busy fighting Satan . Have you ever fought your Ill intentions ? You have reached into the skies , But you have failed to reach What's in your heart ! -- Bulleh shah a sufi sage of punjab(I remember him for honour killing 
When good Americans die they go to Paris . -oscar wilde . 
The more you expect love , the more difficult it will be for love to flow back to you . If you expect love from someone the other will feel it as bondage ; it wil be a duty for him , something which he has to do . And when love is a duty it be a duty for him , something which he has to do . And when love is a duty it cannot fulfill anyone because love as a duty is dead 
Akki lurches out of the pub and bumps straight into Father Murphy , the village priest . " Akshay , " says the priest , " I am so sorry to see you come out of such a place as that ! " " Well , then , " says Akki , turning around , " I will go right back . " 
If the moments stay I would like to be a tear of your eyes and forget the heaven also-sahir ludhianvi . 
Solitude is toughest examination for a man-oscar wilde . 
I 
life is like a woman . The man who says he understands women is 
bragging . The man who thinks he understands them is gullible . The man 
who pretends to understand them is ambiguous . On the other hand , the man who does not say 
he understands them , does not think he understands them , does not 
pretend to understand them , does not even want to understand them -- he 
understands them!'-Rajnishji 
In my life first time today my heart is afraid ..... 
Some brainless peoples compare sardar vallabh bhai patel with auto von bismark but I belive that working method , intention and challenge of sardar were thousand time harder then bismark so bismark is european sardar not sardar is indian bismark . whatever whithout sardar existence of india was impossible every wise person know so let the pray for india and sardar's soul on sardar's 135 th anniverssery . 
Only people who want to be somewhere , 
somebody , have to suffer the sadness of failure . But a person who 
never wants to be anybody , never wants to be anywhere else , cannot 
suffer the sadness of failure -- he is always successful , just like 
me . 
One thing I confirmed today that I'm mad nothing can change me yahoooooooo !!!! ENLIGHTED ! 
Bulla aye sunke ye hasde haan , 
Phir aye bullee ek phatke haan . 
Main bekof , main bekaid , 
Na rogi na vaid , 
Na main momina na main kafir , 
Na saiyad na kaif , 
Chothi tabki sair asata , 
Kite na hunda kaid , 
Khara bat hai jaat asati , 
Na shobha na aib . 
sent dew of love into my garden 
the shadows of death are raining all the time 
my eyes are getting tangled with the darkness 
there is no one , no one at all who can tell 
how long can one watch the path of light 
there is no one , no one at all 
neither close nor far 
this love is 
the heartbeat 
which is declaring its love 
it is life that keeps on living 
it is swallowing blood 
it is sewing dreams of the eye . 
people who can't love person start loving money because money is a means to possess things . people who are afraid of love become possessive about money . 
Life is 
a Cosmic Joke . 
" And are mine the only lips , Akki , you have kissed ? ” asked she . 
" Yes , " said Akshay , " and they are the sweetest of all . ” 
That wounded heart ... started that evening to watch the names of killers , 
Hard for him to complete the list cause the names were very personal . 
For your independent lovers neither this world nor that world ; 
Here the death is forbidden , there the life is forbidden . 
Love is death of the ego , the personality , the false . There is no way to have both , love and ego . Either you can have the ego or you can have love -- but make it a conscious thing . -Rajneeshji 
The student demonstration had turned into a riot . Suddenly a man staggered out of the crowd carrying a limp girl in his arms . 
" Here , " shouted a cop running up to the man , " give her to me . I will get her out of this . " " The hell with you , " replied the man , " go and find one of your own ! " 
We are all in the gutter , but some of us are looking at the stars . -oscar wilde 
some people who wear imitating mask of genteleman or intellectual or good people's always have problame with my undigestable true thoughts ....... they don't wanna accept that they are nacked ape under clothes who are trying to be civilised person . 
love has the same relationship to the soul as breathing has to the body . 
There is a beauty of the body and there is a beauty of the soul . The beauty of the body is ordinary , momentary . And the beauty of the body is more in the eyes of the considered than in the object of beauty itself . But the beauty of the soul is something inner . It is not in the eyes of out looker , it is not a question of seeing.it can only be felt . 
It is not a beauty that can be destroyed by anything . 
??? ??? ??, ??? ????? ?? ???? ??? 
??? ?????, ?? ?? ?? ??? ?? ???? ??? 
?? ?? ???? ?? ?? ?? ??? ?? ??? ???? 
???? ??? ??, ?? ??? ??? ?? ???? ??? 
... 
??? ???? ???? ??? ?? ????? ???? ???? ??? 
????? ??? ?????? ?? ???? ??? 
??? ???? ?? ???? ?? ?? ????? ? ????? 
???? ???? ?? ???? ??? ?? ???? ??? -sahir ludhianvi . 
life is the game of games .. the ULTIMATE GAME . 
????? ???? ?? ???? ??? ???? ??? ???? 
???? ??????? ?? ?????, ????? ??? ???? 
??? ?????? ??? ????? ?? ?? ??? ???? ??? 
???? ?? ??? ?????? ?? ???? ??? ??? ???? ??? 
???? ?? ??? ?? ?????? ?? ?????? ??? ???? 
??? ???? ?? ????, ??? ????? ???? ?? 
???? ????? ???? ??, ???? ????? ???? ?? 
???? ????? ?? ?????, ????? ?? ???? ??? ???? -Anand bakshi 
Everything is fragmented it's falling apart 
Yet perfectly connected , attached , aligned in my heart 
A collage of hopes I had commissioned from within 
Were denied me and clotted out 
They cannot understand my life's journey 
SO I alone must complete it 
Disconnected from my thoughts 
Disconnected from my dreams 
This life 
This road in silent suffering I must travel 
My one and only friend who speaks with me in french still today , is coming canada with a canadian residency ; bien venue mukki j'attends pour toi!l'associatio des fou%$# @s :D 
Love's not grown in gardens ; Love's not sold at 
market . 
He who wants it , king or commoner , gives his head 
and takes it . 
Studying great books many have 
died none ever becomes learned . 
Two letters and a half in 
love , who studies them is learning . 
Tale of love , untellable . 
Not a bit is ever told . 
The sweets of a dumb one - he enjoys and 
smiles . -kabir sahib 
in two days ... nothing is changed in snow ..... not even my footprints on the road-bienvenu au canada . 
Love is like an envelope with written letter without address-saurabh shah 
So , today is valentine's day . Out of 365 this one is not mine ......... Happy valentine's day to others . 
reading so many books from toronto public library ....... and planing to watch drama at the third biggest place of english theater after london and new york ......... 
Today is sunday best day for sit alone and memories few dew-full moment . 
Every heart that loves sing a song , 
and every person who is lover stand out in crowd . 
Anger is active sadness ; sadness is inactive anger . They are not two things . 
The feminine mind has both qualities , the negative and the positive . The 
positive is love , the negative is jealousy ; the positive is sharing , the 
negative is possessiveness ; the positive is waiting , the negative is lethargy , 
because waiting can look as if it is waiting and it may not be , it may be just 
lethargy . 
I am going to quit cigarette .... 
I dream of rain 
I dream of gardens in the desert sand 
I wake in pain 
I dream of love as time runs through my hand 
This desert rose 
Each of her veils , a secret promise 
This desert flower 
No sweet perfume ever tortured me more than this 
And as she turns 
This way she moves in the logic of all my dreams 
This fire burns 
I realize that nothing's as it seems-sting 
Status of love is note known by intellectuals of world , It's only known by love . 
This game of world is arranged by lord almighty him self , for love so , 
Status of love is note known by intellectuals of world , it's only known by love . -a translation of beautiful sufi song by an idiot . 
??? ? ???? ??????, ??? ? ????? ???, 
??????? ????! ??????? ????! 
?? ??? ??? ?? ?? ???? ? ??. 
??????????? ?? ??? ????? ???, 
???? ??????? ?? ??? ????? - ???. 
?? ???? ?? ??? ?? ??? ???????, 
? ???? ??, ?? ???? ????? ?? ’ ??? ??. 
? ? ????? ??? ???? ?? ’ ??? ??. 
??? ??? ???? ?? ???? ??? ????? 
??????? ????! ??????? ????! -gani dahivala . 
I've been lost , I've been losing 
I've been tired , I'm all hurt and confusion 
I've been mad , I'm the kind of man that I'm not 
I'm going down , I'll be coming back fighting 
I may be scared and a little bit frightened 
But I'll be back , I'll be coming back to life-stolen from my brother's profile 
In this world there are only two tragedies . One is not getting what one wants , and the other is getting it . -oscar wilde 
