(: tonight , things are good . 
Curling up with a book tonight . (: 
" I really want to eat a pomeranian . " 
" ...... " 
" ....... " 
" Don't you mean POMEGRANATE ? " 
* thinks * " nope . pomeranian . " 
" Jasmine , don't even say that . now I can't finish my liverwurst . " 
LOL 
I really did mean pomegranate , but , it's fun to mess with people . 
Coffee and cream to keep you awake 
You sit and you stare like you're hallucinating 
If I could take you away and connect you to time 
Would your eyes light up and still recognize mine ? 
I found you , Ms. Maggoo , get it together and bring it back to me 
Blahhh , sick :( School and work tomorrow , sigh . 
To all of you whos names have become curse words in my mouth , I thank you for teaching me to hate and still have peace . 
Is listening to Radiohead and eating twizzlers . (: Having a laid back night . 
When will you understand that I do what I want ? 
But shadows stretch , clouds weigh themselves , 
We live for the moments that make us feel alive . 
Is it the time of day , or is it just this week ? Is it you or is it me , or is this a disease , i wouldn't know , i'm not a doctor but i know the way i am ... 
Jasmine : Hey Logan TheBoss Wik , when you were little did you have .. Wic ? 
Logan : Nahh , the natives just gave us money and shit . 
Jasmine : Oh . 
Logan : Hey , here's a thousand diapers ! Should last you 3 moons ! 
And to think , you could take away everything I strove for , like that . 
I love my friends (: haha . 
jigsaw falling into place 
dreading time , and yet yearning for it . dreading the ways I feel , and yet what would I do without them ? without time we cannot heal and cannot yearn . mmm , someday we'll all eat our words . 
Is homesick . 
" Why not ? No snugglejazzs ? " lol . 
Yes Ken , you are , in fact , a girl's toy . 
The times are changing , oh , and so are we . 
blah : ( it's a blah day . yup . and I'm bored . talk to meee 
Bbq's and Victor & hearts ; 
Is this for real ? Everything seems so strange .. I sit down and think about it for a moment , and I can't believe the way I've changed . 
Wants to set her own limits . 
Today's a day to remember the past , for family time . 
fleetwood mac <3 
Going to be a sweet weekend ( : 
Ha . Woops 
Mmm , still full after eating 6 hours ago . Damn . 
Building nothing out of something . 
Put a HUGE chunk into my project . Going to watch Splice , and resume . Leave me some love (: 
freaking PHONE is dying . Grrrr , 
Is ready to embrace her future , and leave the past behind . Kind of . 
But you doubt me , of course . Goddamn 
I love akward situations 
hmmm . I agree with Zakk , but I'll give you a bottle of light pink to put a streak of that in too if you want . ( : 
Maybe time turning over will give me the incentive I need to mend things . 
SAT in the morningggg : / ahh ! I'm nervous . 
Hmm . Everyone is like , grow your hair out ! And I want to , but I don't have any patience . And I'm getting a mullet and I need a trim and layers and stuffffff : ( sooo looks like I'm getting a little cut . 
" Santa won't come for you if you're a bad girl . Scooby doo will go away . Little bear will run away from home . Tinker Bell and her freaky friends won't like you anymore . " Lol . 
Something .... something is different . 
Uhg I hate when you go to play a song and you hear " LIVE FROM PROGRESSIVE while your online check out progressive today .... " screw you . I hate ads 
I don't understand why it means nothing coming from you . 
Hello , Seniority . 
Screw the sweetheart dance . I dance in mah roooom 
Going crazy . Even time tries to keep me from her . Time and distance and money , but whats the difference ? They're all the same ... just barriers . 
Guess I'm applying at WWU . 
Got a haircut . SHORT . Mhhmmm . I'll put pictures up later ? Yes ? 
Is excited for tomorrow !!! 
Two steps forward . Don't hold me back . 
Five months and only now is it official . 
don't take this from me , please . some things aren't necessary for survival . but this is 
Attention Kenai peninsula kids ... everybody wish for school to be cancelled tomorrow on 11:11 tonight ! (: maybe if we all do it it'll come true . 
Suddenly there's just too much time to kill , and too much solitude in which to do so . 
feels quite free to be frank with you . say that five times fast . 
" I just called to tell you that I'm butchering a moose " Oh dear . That's great . I lol'd . I don't know why , but it's funny . 
Chips , chips , chips 
Isn't sure about anything anymore , now that all that was certain is gone , except age and the progression of time . Are there plans to be made ? No , because there is too much to doubt , and too much to change . 
Cold War Kids (: 
Is thinking she will TRY to go to sleep ... 
I haven't been on the computer !!!!!!! and my phone is broukkkeeeeuh . : ( face to face communications are now my only option , sadly . 
homemade pizza , filming the eclipse and catching up with family . (: 
Quit trying to control everything ! Just leave me the fuck alone ! Maybe I don't run the same way you do . Oh well ! I'm not your little barbie doll , and I don't run on your little clock . 
Little cherry tomatoes and slices of tomatoes and tomatoes split open ... all pulpy in Jorrie's mouth .... 
Ecstatic . I feel more excited than I have in MONTHS ! 
There's too much to look backward at , suddenly . 
Is this where all of you saw yourselves a year ago ? tell me truthfully . 
I can feel it in my bones . 
He talks to me in human , but when he's a dog , now THAT'S another story . LOLLLLL JIMMY 
lost my camera cord : ( gonna be like 40 bucks to get a new one i bet ... sigh 
Nerves , nerves . 
But does it really matter what either of us thinks ? in the end , you're breaking yourself . 
Maureen Is going to miss me very much . And she hopes that she will see me tomorrow after school . Mo Mo luvzzzzzzz me ... 
iccchhhkkkk . i feel like crap : ( 
You know I COULD read the first four chapters of Gulliver's Travels ... or maybe get some sleep .... blegh , 
I'm sinking , again . 
In this town where people never change , I won't remain .. 
what to do what to do . 
Jasmine : " Weah awl vampiahs an weahwolves an shet , but we awl drink awr tay at the nomal timeh loike nomal humanz(brittish accent ) .... Is that how they sound ? " 
Dylan : " Yes , actually . " 
LOLOLOLOL . Being Human , Brittish version 
( Anyways , the American version was actually made in Canada . ) 
Finally getting my metabolism up . : D I can eat again ! 
Dares you to set your own limits . Do it ! 
long day . 
Even after a four hour nap , I still feel drained from the holidays . Oh well . Dinner time 
My mother an I are opera singing about prescription drug tolerance , delivering packages of rice and raisins , and Russian priests ... oh dear , 
Mmm , who we are . 
How about I spend my four day weekend sleeping ? Sound good ? Because what the fuck else am I going to do ? I can't have anyone over for longer than 2 hours ? this is stupid . fuck . Who wants to hang out this weekend .. at THEIR house ? i need plans . stat 
" Everything IS about me , Jasmine , because I'm VERY connected to the universe . " 
loves life today . life is good . (: 
Concert tonight at Studio 986 . 10 pm .. who's going ? 
I could sleep forever . 
I should follow my own advice 
uhg . I'm starving . should have ate when I had the offer . : ( 
I need to live my life the way I choose , and place my own boundaries . Living a life of limited freedoms isn't good enough for me , and never will be . 
Hates when she sees somebody like something and wants to unlike it for them , but can't . Same thing with comments on other people's statuses . Know what I mean ? 
Am I the only one that noticed that earbuds just seem to ... vaporise when they fall off your headphones ? I can't find either one . 
Is hungry , but doesn't feel much like eating : ( 
Better be at the show tonight , y'all . 
Studio 986 , by Katinas ... ten pm . 
$7 at the door . 
( : 
brrrr : ( 
" Dude , you have an apron in your shower ! " 
" It's not an apron , Jasmine . It's a shower wrap . You wrap it around you after a shower . " 
" Oh , like a dress towel thing ? " 
" Yeah , and you can walk around in it . " 
" .... like a snuggy ? " 

Alicia , you wear the striped one , and I'll wear the polka dot one . Prom , here we come ... haha . 
Needs a backrub . : o haha . 
thinks she's going to stop wearing shoes to school . there's nothing quite as liberating as bare feet 
loves being replaced . 
And surely that ain't right ... 
The worst thing about life is realising it really isn't in your hands , at all . 
Weep , weep ! 
Mmmm , life . There are consequenses to things you didn't do . The things you should have done but didn't , and the things others were told you did that never happened . 
Zakk likes money so he can Get things he needs . Notice the capital Get . It's to emphasise his Getting . Lol . Go Get some , guys . 
I think I'm spending too much time on the computer today ... I need to see some human faces . Interact with some people . 
Science Daily , blah . Had to find like 5 articles before I could pick one out . But I guess they have insight into what causes chromosome problems during emrbryonic development . It's the cells aging , imagine that . Lol . 
Ya'll didn't give her credit , cause she knows I would have let it happen . 
My little bro might come visit me for christmas !!!! :DDDDDD 
Kenai people ! December 18th is Veloceraptor Day . Read about it in my events thing . But basically I was thinking we should hold it in Wallmart , since we really don't have a legit mall !!!! And , uh , invite your friends . We need prey to hunt . 
I think it's the familiarity of you that's really bringing me down . 
Gonna go home . and sleep forever 
All this time that's passed , and it's like I still can't believe the obvious . 
stresssssseeeddddddd 
Tonight's the only night we're not afraid to let the whole world know we're wearing a mask . 
oh , dear . 
Neon Trees , you always boost my mood (: 
Delete me from your life , then . 
Wants to start a movement , because people have been standing still for far too long . 
Oh , can't anybody see ? We've got a war to fight . 
Winter solstice . Gonna start getting light again now . (: 
" some of the sounds that the wildlife make out here , the birds , and the squirrells and stuff , sound way too much like children . " ... " oh yeah , the moose make some pretty strange ones too . " LOL 
Calm Like a Bomb . 
Rage Against the Machine < 3 < 3 < 3 
Dude , did you know you can put asterisks before and after a word and it'll bold it !?!??!! 
It'll all work out , no matter what they say . 
I won't lose my focus over you . 
I feel sort of disturbed , this morning . Wishing my dreams weren't so vivid 
Rage Against the Machinneeeeee (: 
Who would you spend the rest of your life with , given one week to live ? And how would you spend it ? 
Oh , can't anybody see we've got a war to fight ? 
( Give me a reason to love you ) 
Really hates christmas . And the fact that it wasn't even thanksgiving before the holiday's decor came a caroling ... everywhere . I can't change the channel without hearing about rhudolf , and i can't check facebook without reading about santa . no offense mo , it's not just you (: 
usyfgsy9fg7syfg7ywger7sg69f76wgef76dg ; fucking nikiski . someone get me out of here , 
Who wants to take a trip to the grocery store and buy clearance Valentines Day candy with me ? : D : D : D clearance is better than full price , and everyone loves chocolates when it ISN'T a holiday . 
" is this indie ? " LOLLLLLL no , Jimmy . No . 
I love Silversun Pickups (: 
Mmmmmm , Radiohead . 
Jorrie Seidl Varner- " If only people knew me for what I really am . Id still be getting ran over . " 
Ohhh lordeh , what an uproar in this house . Everyone loves an uproar on sunday after noon . Not . 
I never had a chance to say exactly what I meant . 
College college college . wooh . 
Mrehhh grahhhrrrr meowrhhhh merrrrrhhgm . 
What it is and where it stops , nobody knows . 
I know it's a lie , I want it to be true . 
HA . Listening to Rage Against the Machine on myspace , and it made me sign on to listen to Maggie's Farm . 
They're getting desperate . 
" oh ya , I'm wearing two pairs of underwear , mannnn ! " 
The concrete ends and I begin 
The long way home 
Melchops Wortham or Zakk Huff , whichever one of you is Zakk tonight , come jam with me tomorrow ! We need to work on our song , yo . 
Blueberry (: (: (: (: 
Alicia Eby : I just thought I would let you know I just made the biggest burrito ever and I took a pic of it . 
Jasmine : hahahaha ! 
Alicia : I had a Jasmine moment . 
Jasmine : (: (: (: (: (: 
Dear poetry project , please erase yourself from Carr's mind . 
Sincerely , everyone in AP Lit 
Why do we make promises we can't keep ? Tell me . 
It could be sweet , 
: D 
Oh poetry project , I am kickin yo ' ballz . (: (: (: 
Mmmmm , I see right through you , and you know it . 
Feeling good . (: 
JUST SHUT UP . YOU SOUND LIKE A WHINEY BABY , AND YOU'RE A FUCKING ADULT . COOL IT , AND GROW UP . 
A little apprehensive . 
Or , you could completely blow me off like I deserve NO respect and like I am not there at all . 
5 hour after school nap , had some strange dreams . 
Clara Bradford , you were there . I feel like we went on some strange , secret adventure , and then I woke up . 
Lucas Johnson , two words : d *** pong . hahahahhaaa . 
Lrn 2 spll , ideot 
Listen to the wind blow , watch the sun rise . 
Hanging out with Selina Dewilde (: 
It's not Noah's Arch anymore , it's Selina's arch . 
Silversun Pickups (: 
Is going to plunge forward with honesty and hope everything works out . 
People ........ 
" She can't even keep her tits in check around her dead grandma . " 
Dying mine and Selina's hair . Selina's will be cherry brown . (: 
Should I do ash brown , or white blonde with black streaks and eventually add purple ? 
Slept in til 5 today . I am soooooooooooooooooo lazy . 
Who wants to kick it tomorrow ? 
The benefits do outweigh the doubts . We'll see , won't we ? 
Mmmm , christmas break ! Gonna do some last minute shopping .... (: 
My grades are excellent , 
My future is secure , 
I know who I am 
And where I'm going . 
I'm feeling good . (: 
Dude . Go to account settings , then languages and set it to english(pirate ) . It changes all your menu things . 
Repost this if you're tired of every status in your news feed being a copy-paste about bullying , and if you know that copy-pasting a status isn't going to do anything about any cause . 
Wants to push open time like an envelope , climb inside and mail herself to yesterday . 
: D oh , I am so excited ! 
I'm tired of watching you live your life without me . I don't know what to do with myself , without you . So what to do ? Delete you from me ? 
Paperwork : / bleghhhhh 
Show tonight : p 
To all those heading out to the show tonight , 
who would enjoy the honor of giving me a ride ? 
(: .............. please ? 
The show was fun . Saw a lot of people I haven't seen in a while . I got a shirt (: (: (: 
I just realized I've gone all day wearing only one sock . 
Of course , I've only been up since 3 pm ... but , that IS 5 hours . 
hahahaha . 
Jay Lazaro and mine's conversation : 
Me : " Word , yo . I love Metric . " 
Jay : " Like the metric system is so simple but I'm used to our retard system too much haha . " 
Me : " Nooooo the band you tard . hahahahaha . I'm putting that as my status and tagging you in it . " 
You're on my mind , (: 
It's a terrible thing to predict terrible events , about terribly , predictably , unpredictable people . 
Have you gone and left again ? 
Same shit , different day . 
Selina Dewilde : I thought of some interesting uses for the never ending purse . As well as bingo dobbers and loose change , there should be a little compartment carrying a plastic fork , spoon and knife set , as well as sauces from various restaurants . 
Is very , very , very thankful for family . 
I guess I'm avoiding the inevitable truth ... 
Whatever , I have other priorities . 
Just made a BEAUTIFUL stir-fry to put over the top of some quinoa . Yum ! 
Spontanious Anchorage trip ftw ! 
Memories , like fingerprints , are slowely raising . 
Flipping through old pictures ... this is weird . 
My head and my heart shared a toast , shook hands , and parted ways again . Curious how we can never stay in one place ...? 
(: 
Kerli < 3 < 3 < 3 
Portishead . < 3 < 3 < 3 
" You know what people think of when they see that ? Fellatio . It makes you look like a prostitute . " 
" YOU look like a prostitute . " 
" No , I look like a woman who has seen better days and needs to go on a diet . " 
Ohhh , time . 
Do you think they'd round an 89.3 on a semester grade up to a 90 ? Just wondering ... kind of hoping too . 
Is watching Requiem for a Dream with Jorrie Seidl Varner and Dylan Jackson . (: 
Unhhhhhggggg it's too early in the morning 
Just spent about the past hour an a half rearranging my room . (: I love it . Much more space . 
Is now a canadian . Eh ? 
Zakk : " Are you actually thinking of a name or are you just thinking of what to put on your Subway ? " 
Is anyone planning on driving to anchorage at the beginning of spring break ? we should carpool . 
