Well , kids , there's always next year . 
I hate computer icons . I just thought it was important that all 109 of my friends know that . You're welcome . 
Do you realize if you run the Steelers ' and the Packers ' names together , you get the Peelers and the Stackers ? Just an observation . 
Ya know , if it wasn't for the invention of the computer , I'd be staring at an IBM Selectric 11 hours a day instead . 
I feel like my mouth was shot full of lidocaine today ... wait ! I think it was ! Nothing like crowns and caps to make my day . 
Scroll to the bottom of your Facebook page where it says in little blue letters , " English ( US ) . " Click on it . When the language box pops up , click on the arrow next to " English and select " English ( Pirate ) . " When you've stopped laughing , paste this as your status . ARR ! 
Now if I didn't have a picture to go with this ad , would I know how to answer the headline question , " How to Relieve Joints ? " ; this is as bad as " Vince Gill : On Sale Now . " 
Hmm ... I wonder if I create an antisocial network if it would succeed ... but I need a name ... any suggestions ? Oxymoronspace ? 
Let's see how forthcoming my Facebook friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that you think of , that best describes me ..... Using the THIRD letter ofYOUR first name . No repeats . It can only be 1 word Then copy and paste this post on your wall , so I can leave a word about you 
I'm ready for my December " Advent " ure ! 
Just me and my PC strolling off to type some more .... oh , wait , 90% of my friends won't even remember that song ... their bad . 
Now , you may call me " TRANSCRIBINATOR . " And , yes , I'm always this dressed up and look this happy when I'm working . 
I just love some of these ads like , " How to AVOID Alzheimer's " like someone is actually hoping to run into it someday ? 
It's time for parenthood ; watching it , not living it . 
I be in my studio , studio ! 
In a bad moodio , moodio ! 
Come in , I'll kick you in the bootio , bootio ! 
I just can't this out of my head ... maybe , Spongetta really had something and wel all missed it ! 
Ya know , I still don't trust dolls . 
Going back to bed , getting up and starting the day over is not an option ? 
I don't watch hardly any TV and I may be lamenting the death of variety shows , but I LOVE , LOVE , LOVE Big Bang Theory !!!!! 
I think I need a new pair of happy pants . 
You're so lame , I'll bet you think this post is about you , don't you , don't you ? 
Unsettled . 
Good news ! My son , Tim , starts a new job on Monday ! ;-) 
Hello , Laurie ! You're workday is now over . You may go do anything you like . You can even type to yourself and no one will care . 
I hate being serious , but it's one of life's hazards , or so I've been told . I have my 6-month , " you got bad blood , honey " ( otherwise known as leukemia ) checkup tomorrow . I'm not really worried . I'm feelin ' fine , but any prayers would be ' preciated ! Thanks , FB frienditos ! 
Okay , if the little pictures and icons and signs were supposed to replace words for those who don't speak English , why are there ENGLISH WORDS next to the little pictures and icons and signs ? 
" I must accept those things over which I have no control . " 
" I must turn my adversities into advantages . " 
Inspiration found in a Stephen King novel . Who knew ? 
My favoite sniglets brought to you by Laurie Miller : Accordionated ( ah kor ' de on ay tid ) - adj . Being able to drive and refold a road map at the same time . 
PLACE OF BIRTH : Everyone please play ! It will be fun to learn where all your 
FB friends were born . Copy and paste this to your status with your place 
of birth ..... Savanna , Illinois 
I think it's time someone invented a way to airbrush your entire body and not just your face in photos . 
It is now time to go watch Parenthood . I enjoy this show because my days of major parenthood are over . I enjoy watching others suffer . 
I'm sorry , but it's time to do some Facebook purging . If you find you are no longer my Facebook " friend " it is not because I don't like you ; it may be because I don't know you personally or we never communicate anyway . If you would like me as a friend again , you can send me another request or a private message and I'll reconsider . 
Hard as this may be for some of you to believe , I'm tired of talking . 
Let us now have an hour of silence as I once again grudgingly bow to the god of daylight savings time and turn my clocks ( as in many ) back before going to bed . I pay homage to this state-imposed god only because it would further complicate my life if I did not ( sigh , moan , kick the clock ) . 
It's time for Wonder Girl to hang up her holiday hat and go to bed . 
There are times when I have to wonder if I quit caring if it would really matter . 
Lord Jesus , forgive me for being unable or unwilling to not write on my husband's Facebook page when he accidently forgets to logout . I indeed am the chief of American of German descent sinners .... sigh 
" All human relationships , even our most intimate alliances , are temporary and incomplete . 

When we demand that another person provide safety , certainty , and 
fulfillment of our deepest desires , we turn from God to an idol for the 
fulfillment of our needs . " ( Dan Allender ) 
My husband is home sick with the flu ? a cold ? both ? Anyway , he's gotten bored with reading and has progressed to watching " ARGHH ! " and " UGGHHH ! " movies . 
Dweebocyte . 
MY FACEBOOK FRIENDS !!! Will you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to HONOR a fallen Marine who's just passed away while serving our country ? Cpl . Derek Wyatt ( USMC ) died Dec 6 while serving in Afghanistan . He leaves behind a wife and a newborn son named in his honor , who was born approx 24 hours after news of his death . Repost to honor this Hero and his family 
For this moment , I am content , and that's all I need . 
My favorite sniglets : tomeless : The sad state of a bookworm without a book . 
I thank God that I want to thank God . 
Ya know what ? I'm really very fond of myself . 
Take .. bless .. break .. give . Celebrate the Eucharist ( the Lord's Supper ) every moment of every day of your life . 
I went from soaring with the eagles at the top of Conseco , to sitting 6 rows away from The Eagles on stage ! 
Shane , I know this is very bad theology , but : 
Jesus loves me this I know , 
Ushered from the rafters to the 6th row ! ;-) 
I'm trying to pinpoint the day and/or time I went from being Madame People Pleaser to Ms. Mouthy and Mostly I Don't Much Care What You Think .... I think it had to be in my late 40s sometime ... 
If 
I have just been chastised publicly on Facebook . I admit I deserved it . 
I just had to put Wonder Girl back . She reflects my personality and the leukemia ribbon reminds me that I'm vulnerable . 
Turn me loose , set me free , somewhere in the middle of Montana . 
Thank God , the Colts pulled it off again . I can now breathe in my own home once more and remove the eggshells that must be walked on when they're playing . 
Good night . 
Nothing like the pitter-pat of ice pellets on the windows to make a person want to move to warmer climes . 
Courtesy of Rick Nichols , may I introduce the new line in the Laurie Miller collection of photo pics , the " Don't EVEN Think About It , Sucka ! " collection . Thank you , Rick . 
All 6'4 " of the future is sleeping on my couch right now . He's going deer hunting with grandpa tomorrow . He used to fit on one cushion ..... 
Let me now depart from the latest technology in my home and plant myself behind the pages of a book . With pages . That you turn . Yes , they still make them . 
Oh , wait ! I guess since I clicked on the Share button I did share . 
My profile picture is changed this weekend in honor of my dad . He served in WWII and was a prisoner of war in Germany twice ; with the last name of Handel , it made his treatment as a POW worse . If it were not for him and many others like him ( including my mother ) , I may not be sitting here in freedom today . Thanks , Dad and Mom ! 
Hmmm .... here's another ad all transcriptionists will want to use : " Gifts for Doctors . " " We celebrate doctors everyday by offering decor , accessory , gift & collectible items with a doctor specific theme . Shop today ! " I can think of several doctor specific themed gifts I'd like to send a few of them . I'm starting my list NOW ! 
I know there is no real answer to this , but I just went to edit my info on my profile . Why is it that FB is getting more like work and less like play ? Every time I turn around a format gets changed and I have to figure it out all over again .... just like work . 
Why would any woman in her right mind wear lipstick like this ? I just had to share for a day or two . 
1 . Go to Google maps . 2 . Go to " Get Directions . " 3 . Type Japan as the starting location . ... 4 . Type China as the ending location . 5 . Go to direction #43 . 6 . Laugh , and repost . 
I gotta get off of this " face ( book ) " if it's the last thing I ever do . Girl , there's a better life for me and you . Dum ! Dum ! Dum ! Dum ! 
Thanks , Dad ! And to the millions of others veterans before and after you who have done what I'm not sure I could have done in your place . You are missed . 
Oh , Lord , woncha buy me a Mercedes Benz ; my friends all drive Porches , I must make amends . 
Couldn't sleep . Just spend a very unfruitful hour trying to upload pics to FB from our latest photo session at Portrait Innovations . Don't know what I'm doing wrong , but I'm going back to bed . You all know what I look like anyway . 
" It's a rare human who spends more time looking for truth than protecting their already-held beliefs . " - Richard Paul Evans , " The Walk " 
I just love that manic cat picture . I know I've said this before , but seriously , when I look at it , it's like all of the days troubles melt away . Go ahead , judge me . Make my day . ;-) 
I'm off to the Dwelling Place ( church ) to worship ! 
My favorite sniglets : Tofuled ( to-fooled ) Eating tofu while actually believing it is the delectable meat dish the cook told you it was . 
There's nothing like a cold Honey Brown on a hot summer night ! 
Ya know what I think ? Me neither . 
Do you suppose there's a reason that people weren't equipped at birth with remotes with " on " and " off " buttons ? 
For those who prayed and those who are wondering , the answer is North Carolina . Thanks for everybody's support ! ;-) 
Thanks , Cary Fuller , Beth Coffman and Mary Jo Moyer for sharing an amazing concert with me and to my hubby , Glenn , for offering the gift and buying the tickets AND to the Conseco management and the two ushers who took many of us who were way up in the trees down into the forest to see The Eagles up close and personal ... geez , I sound like I won an Emmy ... well , I feel like I did !!!! 
If I start believing in the Rapture again , do you suppose my belief would be enough to cause it to happen right now , this moment , NOW ? 
Time to dispose of Wonder Girl's Ho-Ho hat ; back to the REAL Laurie Miller ! ;-) 
It was a day like any other , except I was 39 , instead of 55 . I had been working at St. Vincent Hospital for 4 years and sometime in midafternoon my first grandchild , Austin Timothy Eugene Hunter , was born at the self-same hospital . I told them they had to wait until I was at least 40 to have their 1st child ... kids , they never listen . Happy Austin's birthday , grandma . 
I'm so sorry for my hometown friends and the major flooding that happened yesterday in N . IL . I've seen your pictures . I can't remember the last time I saw flooding up there like that in the summer ! :-( 
" I think ; therefore , I am . " - Rene Descartes 
" I stink ; therefore , I smell . " - Laurie Miller 
May I just say 
There once was a man named Glenn who lived in a cavelike den ; 
He then met his wife , the love of his life , 
And exclaimed , " Oh , praise God , Amen ! " 
They moved to the city of Indy , which lately has been very windy , 
They live in a house big enough for a mouse , 
And pretend they are Mork and Mindy ! 
If only I always felt as happy as I look in this picture ... ah , well ... come to think of it , if only I was still as young as I was in this picture .... nah , then , I'd have to live through all the in-between stuff again ... there's just nothing like talking to yourself in a rectangle ... 
I've never been fond of rollercoasters . 
Can someone tell me at what age a chicken is no longer considered a spring chicken ? Since the average lifespan of a chicken is 7 years , I left spring chickenhood a lot sooner than I thought . 
It is time to reconsider my impedimenta - \im-ped-uh-MEN-tuh\ , ( noun : Baggage or other things that retard one's progress ) and dispose myself of it . 
I think I need a grandmother clause ; I don't know what it would say , but I need one . I feel like a 55-year-old woman who needed a 20-year-old body for this week . 
Enough of the I Can Kick You Butt pic ... I like me better smilin'! 
My house looks like a herd of Hunters ran through it ! 
Okay , we all know it's " hotter than hell's half-acre " out there , but does hell only get a half-acre , why not a whole acre , or thousands of acres ? Actually , if there was only a half-acre of hot , I'd step out of it and live there . 
If you're not part of the sometimes witty/sometimes pointed sarcasm , you're part of the problem . 
You know you're working too much and your spouse not enough when you sit on the spouse's side of the couch and it's not as comfortable as yours . 
I think the hospital is having a 2-for-1 pre-Christmas sale . Either that or people have decided it's warmer there than in their own homes . We have over 1000 reports to type and I feel like I've typed every one of them . 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I may comment on yours as well . 
I just picked up Stephen King latest tome , Under the Dome , at the libary . Haven't read him in years . This book is a little over 1000 pages long . Most reviews on Amazon are good or very good . However , I might have to expand my 100 page rule to 200 pages . If it doesn't capture my interest at 100 pages it moves into the giveaway pile . Has anyone read it ? 
Fact : You wake me out of a sound sleep for 1 of 2 reasons - ( a ) someone in my family has died , or ( b ) Jesus has returned . 
Married to a man for 24 years and he wakes me out of a sound sleep to tell me that President Obama lost his old seat in IL to a Republican . Geez , Glenn , do you have a death wish ????? 
If I was a hammer ... well , I wouldn't hammer in the morning cuz I don't usually get started until 10:30 ... and I wouldn't hammer in the evening cuz I'm usually working ... and I wouldn't hammer all over this land either cuz I can't afford to travel that much .... guess I won't be a hammer . 
So , if any of you are looking for something to pray about , my 6-year-old grandson has ear surgery on Tuesday and my son needs a job . 
I just discovered I'm in a minority x 2 . Most people who have chronic lymphocytic leukemia are diagnosed over the age of 50 ( that I knew ; I was diagnosed at 48 ) , but also most are men . Not posting this for sympathy ; I just find it interesting . 
Ya know what ? I'm so sick of the commercial , I don't even CARE what the EVENT is anymore ! 
I'm feeling rather quizzical this evening . 
Okay , all my prayin ' friends . To your knees please . My son and his family have to decide by this Friday whether to move to NC , NM or Rockford , IL . Tim's job here has been eliminated as of Aug 31 and he has to relocate . He has 3 kids , 16 , 14 and 7 , and his wife's family all lives here , as do we . They need some guidance from above , not opinions . Thanks . 
Ya know what ? All my rowdy friends haven't settled down after all ! They just have a few more wrinkles ... and well maybe a few things are starting to settle where we'd prefer they didn't ... but all my rowdy friends are more fun now ! 
Ya know , people who are on Facebook at 10:19 p.m. on Christmas Eve really need to get a life . 
Sleep . I need sleep . 
Thanks , Mom , for being the one to always hold down the fort , and for waiting for Dad to come home , especially during the time when he was a POW and you didn't even know if he was alive . You two have more backbone than any two people I know . 
Howie Mandel accuses Piers Morgan of " besmirching " him on Jay Leno , which he did , of course . I love Howie ! I love Piers ! I would never be a " besmircher " of either of them because I'm an equal opportunity " besmircher . " 
My favorite sniglets : Lactomangulation : Manhandling the " open here " spout on a milk carton so badly that one has to resort to using the " illegal " side . 
Prayers need to go out for a FB friend's daughter Audrin King and her family . Her two year old daughter was just diagnosed with stage 4cancer . If you see this post , even if you don't know her , God knows ... Please post this to your profile for 1 hour and say a prayer for that little girl . Please and God bless you for doing it . 
Prince Poppycock ????? Really ????? 
Life is good , even when it doesn't feel like it . 
Beth Coffman says the Gold Lips have to go , so gone they are . If my mom read this she'd say , " If Beth Coffman asked to jump off the Savanna-Sabula bridge would you do that , too ? " 
I dedicate my status to Robert Stretton , my bro-in-law's dad . He died in his sleep tonight . At over 90 , he had lots of health problems & was probably ready to leave us . Many of u know his kids , Bob , Kathy , Jeff & Mike . Let them know u care somehow . They're all in their 50s & 60s , but I'm sure they don't feel like adults 2nite , they feel like Bob & Martha Stretton's kids whose parents r gone & It makes me sad . 
Home , I'm home , I'm home , I'm home , I'm home ... I feel just like Dorothy without the slippers ! 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone)who suffers from stupidity . Stupidity is a real condition and should betaken seriously . You could be sitting next to a sufferer right now . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . ... 93% won't copy and paste this ... because they don't know how to Copy andPaste . Will you ? ( I know how to Copy and Paste ) 
Once upon a time , a Prince asked a beautiful Princess , " Will you marry me ? " 
The Princess said " NO ! " And the Prince lived happily ever after and rode motorcycles and went fishing and hunting and played golf and dated women half his age and drank beer and scotch and had tons of money in the bank and left the toilet seat up . The End 
I don't have anything I want to/need to/have to say , so just be grateful and take the silence for the gift that it is . 
This is Lauren Milton saying , " I got your back ! " ;-) 
Okay , I know this is scary .... but I think the real me is back . Amazing what a good God , a good pastor , a good girlfriend ( or more ) and a good church can do for a person . 
I hear the beat of horses ' feet , but ah , the sound is not so sweet , 
The Texans in my livingroom , are causing hubby so much gloom . 
GO COMEBACK COLTS !!!!!! 
Oh , stop with the fantod already and deal with it ! 
It would appear the " Comeback Colts " will be coming back on a jet plane and that's about it . Oh , well . 
I love my new PC provided by St. Vincent ! It doesn't run at the speed of a turtle crossing the road in heavy traffic anymore ! YAY ! 
This is just too much fun ; or I don't have a life , one or t'other . 
If you think of me tomorrow , please say a little prayer . That's all I wanna say right now . Thanks ! 
In my line of work , I hear A LOT of anacoluthia , and no it's not a medical word and I'm not swearin ' ; although when I hear anacoluthia , I might feel like swearin'! 
Where do some of these ads come from ? " Imagine Your Dream Horse . Create your dream horse , with this free horse game . Breed , train , compete . " Maybe this is real . Maybe I just think I have a real life , but these ads are the REAL real life . 
I look at my profile picture and all of the frustrations of the day just leave my body ( sigh ) . 
So , my question is this : Why would anyone , even if they absolutely LLLOOOVVVEED Honey Nut Cheerios want to win 3 year's worth of boxes ? You'd either have to have a huge house , give them away OR eat them for every meal until they were all gone . I say give me the money that it would cost to buy 3 year's worth of them . My editorial comment for the evening .... and don't even get me started on Prince Poppycock ! ;-) 
Now I lay me down to sleep ; to get up tomorrow and repeat . 
Well .... time to leave on my pajamas and go to work ! 
Don't worry , oh , FB friends . I'm just going through my third mid-decade crisis . They start at about age 35 or so for those who don't know yet and recur about once every decade thereafter . If I don't post something in two weeks , you can get worried and check the house and/or backyard for a body . 
I'm so excited ! I finally found " my " ad on Facebook . " Work with children ! Earn a degree in Childhood Development and turn your passion into a career ! " I'm signing up right now ! 
The good news is : All the testing turned out fine and I don't need treatment yet . 
The good news is : When I need treatment , it's there , which hasn't always been so ! 
Text me ! LOL ! ;-) 
The longest word I've ever found to describe the word " fat . " 
Brobdingnagian \brob-ding-NAG-ee-uhn\ , adjective : Of extraordinary size ; gigantic ; enormous . 
There may not be A Heartache Tonight , but I'll be singin ' it tomorrow night , flyin ' with my friends and The Eagles ! ;-) 
It's almost time for the only TV show I watch in the summer , the evening news . I lie a lot . 
I'm tired . No food or water for 12 hours , then laying around while nurses shoot dye into one's veins , have you lay on a table for an hour , move you to a scanner for another 1/2 hour and then sending you home will do that to a person . But at least I didn't have to DRINK the yucky lemon-lime dye this time ; see ? there's always a positive side . 
Sometimes I wish life was like my keyboard ; that it came with an Insert , Delete , Backspace , Control , End and Home buttons . 
knows how to pick talent !!!!! ;-) 
I have a playdate with myself and a book . 
Teenage trick or treater when offered candy : " Is that all the candy ya got ? " 
Lesson : Kids . Ya don't have to love ' em . 
First day back at work ... ' nough said . 
My 15th smash and grab today ! The mail will let me know if it was successful . 
Criminal Minds is new tonight ! Yay ! What do get when you cross Criminal Minds and my profile pic ? A serial cat killer . ;-) 
I am now leaving my office/bedroom and going to my bedroom/bedroom to read a book/novel . 
Oh , look ! I can enter Lord of the Dance Contest ... oh , wait , that's to SEE Lord of the Dance ; never mind . 
Realistic wedding vows : Do you take this woman to be your lawfully wedded wife ?... ( long pause ) Huh ? Oh !.... Does she come with a remote ? Oh , well , is she the latest model ? Hmmm ... what was the question again ? Oh . Let me get back to you on that ... 
No , I don't think I'll lower myself to my wife's level and write on her side , just because she also forgot to log off ..... 
VIRUS WARNING !!!! I knew there was a reason I keep a relatively short list of friends . I just spent 45 minutes going through all 108 of them to warn them about " the laughing baby " virus . If any of you get a link from me about " the funniest baby ever " DELETE IT . Thanks , Cary , for letting me know and checking on our mutual friends . 
I don't overeat , I oversit . 
I'm starting to feel like a roof ; I think I have shingles again . The docs sure can't say I'm not contributing to their retirement funds this year . :-{ 
I AM ASKING IF EVERYONE COULD PLEASE PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS FOR ONE HOUR IF YOU OR SOMEONE YOU LOVE HAS DIABETES . I KNOW MY FAMILY WILL , MY PRAYER IS THAT IN 2011 A CURE WILL BE FOUND . WILL YOU POST IT ? JUST FOR ONE HOUR . DO IT FOR ALL OF US IN MEMORY OF TOO MANY TO MENTION AND IN HONOR OF ALL FIGHTING IT ! I HOPE TO SEE THIS ON ALL STATUS 
Trying to do transcription without using your right pinky finger is like trying to do transcription by hunt and peck . Someone remind me to never cut anything ever again . And I'm left-handed ! Does anyone know how many times one must use the Shift key to type ? Does anyone care ? 
Ya know , there's nothing worse than damaging your right rear suspension . They said it on TV , so it must be true . 
I'm Laurie Miller and I disapprove this message . 
" Prayer is what God does in us . " - Shane Fuller 
It's the weekend , so if I post this , no one will comment because that's just the way Facebook is . 
Ya know what's cool ? This is what's cool . When a 15-year-old/long off-and-on prayer , almost forgotten , is answered ! That's cool ! Renovare lives ! 
Now , you may call me gumdrop . 
Anyone want to come with me for a smash and grab today ? 
I prefer it didn't exist and that I didn't need it at all . 
Yeah , I think I'm gonna open that email from " wang yan " with the subject line of " Hello . " 
I am lamenting the death of variety shows . Like , the Carol Burnett Show . 
This pic is for those of you who haven't seen Glenn and I in a few years . We haven't changed a bit , have we ? 
I really must ask myself : Laurie , you listen to doctors talk in your ears 50+ hours a week on average , so why when you have an hour off do you choose to watch reruns of ER ? If there were transcriptionist shows , do you think doctors would be watching them EVER ? 
Ya know , winter isn't so bad . The sun is shining on the white snow making it even brighter ; the birds are singing ... and I'm sitting inside and don't have to go outside to go to work . My office is right here . Yeah , winter isn't so bad . 
" All people are born alike - except Republicans and Democrats . " - Groucho Marx 
My favorite emails are " FORECLOSURE ALERTS . " We don't even own this place . I've never opened one of those emails . Maybe they're letting me know they're going to foreclose on the landlords ???? I've been getting them for about 10 years now ... slowest foreclosure in Indiana history . 
I ASK YOU , WHAT SELF-RESPECTING MAN WOULD DRESS LIKE THIS FOR HALLOWEEN ? 
This is one of the many things I'm thankful for - that I don't have to work in retail like my husband , especially in December in America . 
I think I'll go have a Bailey's with cream on the rocks . 
I just looked at my LIKES section . Out of 83 the first 3 in the lineup are Rod Stewart , The Waltons and Alice Cooper . Now wouldn't that make an interesting reunion show . 
I hearby refuse to let words , much as I love them , impair my view of the holiday we seek to celebrate in December . I will not let words like " Black Friday " or the profusion of commercialized blather emanating from my TV skew my desire to celebrate the world-changing , life-changing birth of God with us , Jesus Christ , Emmanuel , Savior of the World . This is my promise to myself and our God . 
Wow ! I have an email in my inbox , not my junk mail , from George Strait and the heading is Happy Valentine's Day ! Do you suppose Glenn got me George Strait for Valentine's Day ? Hmmm .... Mrs. Strait may not like that very much .... 
All I want for Christmas is ___________________ . 
Time to go play " work . " 
Not that I need another man in my life , but the ad next to my page says , " Vince Gill : On Sale Now . " I wonder why Amy's selling him ? 
According to my junk mail , I need a job working at home ( rather redundant in my case ) AND there are lots of people looking for me , which makes me wonder what I did wrong . 
Question : Why is it when people first fall in love they always describe he/she as , " Smart and funny ? " What about all of those people out there that have less than stellar IQs and are boring ? Don't they ever fall in love or do they just never wind up in books or on TV or in movies as characters ? 
This is how tired my brain is . This has been rattling around in it all day . I must have typed too many reports about older people or pediatric patients , I'm not sure anymore . 
" Oh , Lord , woncha buy me a box of Depends . The kiddos have Huggies , I must make amends . " 
Me at a football game ? It still amazes me . I used to hate football . 
Thanks to a generous friend I'm going to my very first professional football game . Four years ago you couldn't even get me to watch it on TV . GO COLTS !!!!! 
My favorite sniglets : Airdirt ( ayr ' dirt ) - n . A hanging plant that's been ignored for three weeks or more . 
This is why I don't have plants in the house anymore ; they become part of the landscape . 
Unfortunately most women won't repost this ... I'm a handful , I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken and I tell it like it is ... I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control & at times hard to handle . But if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best ...... repost !... I dare you !... I'll be looking for the ladies who repost . 
Sure , I'll repost , Val , and raise you 2 ! ;-) 
Okay , since the Facebook Fairies decided to change my wall , how do I change the five pictures they randomly stuck up there to ones I want there ? Can I change the fact that change is inevitable ? * sigh * 
Now I know some of you are old enough to remember Tom Terrific ... others just won't get this . But , if you remember him , you remember Crabby Appleton . Have you ever thought if you turned Crabby's name around it would be Abby Crappleton ? These deep thoughts come to me all the time . 
I have nothing on my mind in answer to the question in the box , so I'll leave it to everyone else to " Share . " 
Now I lay me down to sleep ; into my warm bed I creep , 
Snow again , or so they say ; I think I'll sleep until it's May . 
Some days I feel older than my grandmother , which would be about 113 . 
My favorite sniglets : Microfave : Enjoying the little things in life . 
My favorite sniglets : Humlock : That irritating , usually high-pitched monotone sound you can't find the source of . 
I just got an FBI " investigation " notice in my junk mail . I was so scared , I didn't open it . In fact , I deleted it . Should I be scared ? 
I wish I was sleeping like my little man , Keaton , right now . 
My favorite sniglets : Bi-sacksual ( bye-sack-shu-ul ) adj . Able to accept either a paper or plastic sack for groceries at the supermarket without any sense of guilt . 
I don't believe in winter . That doesn't mean it doesn't exist . 
LET'S SEE WHO IS PAYING ATTENTION . EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU ARE ON MY FRIENDS LIST AS A RESULT OF A CONSCIOUS DECISION . I WANT YOU THERE . I AM NOT ONLY GLAD TO COUNT YOU AS FRIENDS BUT ALSO FAMILY . LETS SEE WHO ACTUALLY PAYS ATTENTION . COPY THIS AS YOUR STATUS JUST FOR A MINUTE . I'LL BE WATCHING TO SEE WHO REALLY DOES . CHERISH FAMILY . & FRIENDSHIP . THANK YOU FOR BEING PART OF MY LIFE . MERRY CHRISTMAS TO ALL . 
I've decided I need to be younger to deal with getting older . Sometimes , I just don't have the energy for this . 
My favorite sniglets : Chorecast ( chor-cæst ) n . A particularly bad weather forecast that implies shoveling or scraping ice from a windshield . 
Set sail with yer Pocket Parrot . 
Try Ye Olde Facebook Pocket Parrot . 
I'm having too much fun with this English ( Pirate ) thing , but then again my life could do with too much fun right now . 
Geez ! I had to walk to work today ! Almost got hit three times ; stupid dustbunny drivers just never learned to drive when it snows . 
Is this an email oxymoron or what , in my junk mail : Don't get scammed . TBS breaking news . Like I'm going to open an email in my junk mail from someone I don't know that says , " Don't get scammed . " Uh-huh . 
These ' ere 10 mateys have come across thar mateys usin ' the weather-eye fer jolly companions . Have ye come across all o ' yer mateys ? Give it a whirl . 
There's a reason no one ever wrote a song called , " Let it sleet , let it sleet , let it sleet ! " How unromantic is that ? 
Copy this and paste it in your status if you know someone , or have heard of someone who knows someone . If you don't know anyone , or even if you've heard of someone who doesn't know anyone , then still copy this . It's important to spread the message . Oh , and the hearts ? ? ? ? for goodness sake , don't forget the hearts ? 
" I love you , Shelly , but you creep the bejesus out of me . " Mary Cooper , Sheldon Cooper's mother . I love The Big Bang Theory ! 
I think I'll go watch actors deal with their scripted problems on Parenthood ; it's easier than dealing with mine that aren't scripted . It's called escapism . 
I will trade my insomnia for your somnia ... oh , wait , if you have somnia you're sleeping right now and can't read this anyway .. so not fair . 
I hate how the criminal mind works , and yet I'm fascinated by how the criminal mind works . I'm not sure what that says about me . It's positively criminal . 
Why is it I never see ads with tricks and ideas to look older ? said the woman who uses Wonder Girl as her profile pic . I just saw the irony as I typed that ; thank God , the irony cells aren't dying too quickly . 
EVERYONE'S PHONE NUMBERS R NOW ON FACEBOOK !! Cell #'s too ! Go to top right of ur screen , click Account , Edit , Friends . Go 2 left side of ur screen , click Phonebook . Everyone's phone numbers r now published . Please repost to let ur friends know this is happening . 2 remove : Privacy Settings-Phone-Customize-Only ME ) . I checked it out ; its there . 
I'm really starting 2 wonder if FB is worth all this info hassle ... 
Think about life as a harmonious unit , abandon distinctions such as spirit/matter , sacred/secular , faith/work , soul/body , religious/worldly as we move towards integration . Jesus showed us by his actions that life can be unified & seamless , that we can move readily in the power of God every day of the week , not just on " holy " days . - Spiritual Formation Workbook ( I love my group ) 
Life is a bowl of cherries , and frankly , I don't care . Good night , my little fruitcakes . 
When the day returns , call us with morning faces , and with morning hearts , eager to labour , happy if happiness be our portion , and if the day is marked for sorrow , strong to endure . - Robert Louise Stevenson , 1850-94 ( Written and read to his family on the eve of his unanticipated death ) 
O Lord , support us all the day long of this troublous lfe , until the shades lengthen and the evening comes , and the busy world is hushed , the fever of life is over , and work done . The , Lord , in thy mercy , grant us safe lodging , and holy rest , and peace at the last ; through Jesus Christ our Lord . - attributed to John Henry Newman , 1801-90 
Man , that commute gets longer and longer as the winter continues , the slippery roads , the drivers who think they know how to drive in snow , the drivers who drive in snow and don't think , I just hate it !..... so glad it's not me ! - this message sponsored by the I'm Ecstatic to Work At Home Foundation 
Welcome , Lord , into your calm and peaceful kingdom those who , out of this present life , have departed to be with you ; grant them the life that knows not age , the reward that passes not away ; through Jesus Christ our Lord . - Ignatius Loyola , 1496-1556 
While on Facebook , look at your URL address ; if you see http : instead of https : then you don't have a secure session and you can be hacked . Go to Account|Account Settings|Account Security and click Change . Check the first box . Don't forget to click on " save " . Otherwise FB defaults to the non-secure setting . Copy and repost . 
I am tired , Lord . Too tired to think , too tired to pray , too tired to do anything . Too tired , drained of resources , labouring at the oars against a head wind , pressed down by a force as strong as the sea . Lord of all power and might , your way was through the sea , your path through the great waters ; calm my soul , take control , Lord of all power and might . - Rex Chapman 
Just for fun , I looked up the definition of bitch slap ; now , I want to do it to someone , but no one is available , and Glenn doesn't deserve it . Any volunteers ? 
I don't know if this is important , but it's 10:15 p.m. and now I'm going to " Share " this . 
So I'm typing away and the computer dies ( you know , and then you jump 50 feet in the air ) . Then , I get a message that says , " One of your disks needs to be checked for consistency . " And I think , " Are you sure ? Only one ? I think I need a whole disk redo . " 
March 6 is my 39-year-old son's birthday . 
Long live Shane Fuller and his teachings at the Dwelling Place . 
O God , we turn to Thee as little children , wearied with the day , turn home . We are wearied with the conflict of life , its burdens , its sore defeats , its perplexities , and disappointments , and sometimes we grow weary with what we call its pleasures and its successes . We turn to Thee for rest . Open Thy arms we pray , so we may rest in Thee . O take us to Thy heart ! Through Jesus Christ , Our Lord . Amen 
God of surprises , when I think you are not present in my life , you reveal yourself in the love of friends and family and nurture me in your never-ending affection . 
Ash Wednesday . 
Blessed are the flexible for they shall not be broken . - Brian Duncan 
Blessed are the broken for they shall be restored and healed by grace through faith in Christ . 
Soft kitty , warm kitty , little ball of FUURRRR , happy kitty , sleepy kitty , purr , purr , purr . 
It's a sad , sad day when you start getting junk mail about nail fungus . 
Glenn is in bed with a temp of 103 and a very sore throat , so I gave him some aspirin , and sang Soft Kitty . 
Is it okay to want to shoot the ill as long as I don't act on it ? And , well , if I do act on it , is it considered mercy killing because the person is ill and they feel awful anyway , or is it selfishness on my part because he ... uh , I mean , the person , is driving me crazy ? Food for thought . ;-) 
I have nothing of interest to say , and you're probably all thinking , " She never does ! " but this time I really mean it . 
I'm so glad Parenthood is back ; I'm a woman of simple pleasures or perhaps just a simple woman . 
Rule #1 of Facebook etiquette : Do not go on vacation over your birthday . It's good to be HOME ! 
" Shelly Cooper is a smelly pooper . " See ? It doesn't take much to make me smile . 
I can count on one hand the number of times this has happened . Glenn is going to bed before I do . He started a new full time job this week and is working at Gander Mountain part time for a while . Please keep him in your prayers until the dust has settled . 
I love the Dwelling Place and the Dwelling Place loves me . 
Peapod is so convenient ! I shop for my groceries online and they deliver them to my door . I definitely recommend them , shop from my link , and get $10 off your first order . 
http://peapod.tellapal.com/a/clk/Tm2Xy 
Peapod — Delivers quality food in a snap ! 
peapod.tellapal.com 
Life is just a bowl of taxes waiting to be figured and a check waiting to be written . 
Where do they get these titles for ads , " 1 Tip To Fat by Dr. Oz . " What does that mean ? Maybe they mean , " 1 Tip Too Fat by Dr. Oz , " or 1 Tip Toe Fat by Dr. Oz , " or " 1 Tip : Too Fat by Dr. Oz . " Remember punctuation kills . 
Glenn will never take the time to say it , so good-bye Gander , hello management at Marco's Pizza . 
Criminal Minds in 2 minutes . I love this show . It gives me creative ideas . Some women like to decorate and others ..... well , they don't , they find other ways to be creative . 
I remember when a password was something I needed to get into the " secret " club my friends had formed . And what does " Alt " stand for anyway ? 
After 10 hours of transcribing I have no mind left to have anything on . 
INSTALLING SPRING ... 
???????????????????????????????? 44% DONE . 
Install delayed .... please wait . 
Installation failed . Please try again . 404 error : Season not found . 
Season " Spring " cannot be located . The season you are looking for might have been removed , had its name changed , or is temporarily unavailable . Please try again ...... 
Most days I'm happy . Most days I'm optimistic . Most days I'm reasonably strong . Today I'm just tired . Tired of the stuff of life . I feel like the picture of Jesus on my profile . But there is always tomorrow whatever it may bring . 
Tomorrow I get to go see if my eyesight is as good as it was last year at this time . Wednesday I get to go see if my teeth are still as good as they were six months ago . The rest of the week I get to type/edit about other people's health or lack thereof . I really do need to get a life . 
You can't always get what you want , but if you try , sometimes , you get what you need . 
I can't sleep . I hate it when I can't sleep . Sleep is my best friend . I wish someone would invent an ap to install in our brains to turn us on and off . I mean really , if we can event aps for useless games ..... I think I " m rambling . Did I mention I can't sleep . Yeah , I did . Shut me off ple ..... 
Comfort food . Cream of mushroom soup . 
My perfect evening = clam chowder and watching ER on DVD . 
I'm going to go dwell and worship with the other dwellers and worshippers at The Dwelling Place ! YAY ! 
LET'S SEE WHO TRULY READS MY STATUS : You and I wake up in a PSYCHIATRIC WARD together . USING FOUR WORDS ..... What would you say to me ? NOTE : IF you comment , YOU MUST COPY and PASTE this to YOUR STATUS ..... So I may comment on yours as well . Be a good egg and play along . ( 4 words is harder than you think ) . Plz keep it clean ... ( just for my friend Roger ) 
I have now finished my commenting , responding and poking for today . 
To all my FB friends , in honor of Mother's Day I'm trying to see how many of you are willing to change your profile picture to a picture of your mother and keep it there till May 9 . I did and so have several others . If you like this idea , please repost this as your status so everyone gets the word and see how many beautiful mothers we can get on FB . 
You gotta know when to Bold ' em , know when to fold ' em , know when to wash away and know when their done ; you never count your hangers when the clothes are in the dryer cuz ya never know how many you'll need until the dryin's done . 
I shall now depart my office , my work and my Facebook . Hasta manana . 
Thank you , Lord , for our mothers . We remember today their loving care , and their ceaseless love for us . May we show them by our gifts , our words and our actions that we love them and care about them too . Father , we thank you for the family of the Church . May they know your blessing and strength as they care for others . - Mary Batchelor 
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY , MOM !!!!! Oh , wait ..... you're not on Facebook .... you don't even own a PC .... 
I really should be working even though I'm not scheduled to . The more I work the sooner I can quit working overtime . I have a goal and I'm almost there , Lord willing . Do I sound like I'm trying to convince myself ? 
