bored out of my mind !!!!! 
that was a great pool party 
having fun in flordia 
happy birthday !! jackie 
ready for school !! i'm so bored 
i want to be a veterinarian 
i'm bus 29 FIRST bus stop i'm going to have to wake up so early !!!!! :) 
parkview i awsome way better then trickum !! 
it's my birthday !! 
is the car wash at chick fila still on today !! 
ging to football game !! 
having a busy week with all the camps at school !! 
pray for all officers , firefighter , emergencey , personel and volunteers that helped in the 9/11 attack !!!! 
i have so much homework 
i made the rifle team !!!!!!!!! :) 
going to car wash !!! 
GO PARKVIEW WE HAVE TO BEAT GRAYSON !!! 
who one the game on friday !!!??? 
GO GEORGIA BULLDOGS !!!!!!! 
back from a very good trip in pannama city !! 
went to play and am going to a baby shower later !! 
sad that my friends dad died 
loves her new ROTC uniform !!! 
everyone come to the chichfila on highway 29(by screenplay ) !!!! and come to the car wash !!!!!! :) :) :) :) 
going to YEC with my church !! 
Cry my betts fish died and the other ones dying :( 
cry my other betta fish died and the vet said tha t 
he had a fungus when he died 
my dads motor went out while he was in alabama abd he had tro tow it all the way home 
shooting against north Gwinnett right now 
eclipse needs to hurry up and come on regular people t.v i'm tired of waiting 
my sister just hit someones car trying to park epic failure . lol . 
shooting at regionals to see what place well be at for state . wish us luck :) 
I'm sick with a sore throat and I think my strep throat might have come back that would be the 5th time I've had it in a year 
stuck at walmart this sucks there are some creepy people 
just came from sparkles I'm good I was skating with the speed skaters and keeping my own 
I have 4 test tommorow this sucks 
just came back from the vet office and it was so fun got to meet a lot of new dogs and learned a lot of stuff 
Just chillin at home 
playing with my new toy 
I had a nightmare last night about the world ending and when I woke up I thought the world had ended . Scary !!!!! 
selling my blackbery 
Yeah me I got promoted to sergeant today !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Wish us luck we shoot against altuna today and if we when we get to go to state at fort benign 
if anybody is selling water turtles i'm interested 
BEST QUOTE EVER " I SHIT YOU NOT " !!! 
My sister has to get a EKG done be use they say she has something done with her heart 
booh im crying my Betta fish died 
Going to the carwash tomorrow at trickum middle everyone come by and show ur support 10-5 
Saturday 
GOING TO THE CAR WASH 
Attempting to read The Fountain head by Ayn Rand . LOL ;) wish me luck its 730 pgs 
1 . How did we meet ? 
2 . What is my name is in your contacts ? 
3 . What am I to you ? 
4 . What you like about me ? 
5 . What you dislike about me ? 
... 6 . Our best memory ? 
7 . First impression of me ? 
8 . How close we are 1-10 ? 
9 . What do you rate me 1-10 ? 
finally finished the stupid chemistry essay we had to do !!! yeah :( 
During inspection I was asked to say a leadership define it and tell why it is important to me and I said " knowledge is important bc without knowledge we wouldn't know our leader ship traits " lol 
Sister just got 3 wisdom teeth pulled and he's as high as a kite :) !!!!! Lol 
At @Elicia rozier house with @katrina light 
went to the pool today so refreshing after such a hot day 
just bought a new bearded dragon baby lizard who is blind - cyclops 
when i put 10 new fish in for my turtles they ate 8 of them 
Going to MR PARKVIEW !!!! 
took dogs on first walk ever in my back yard . lol 
Carpe diem " SIEZE THE DAY " for it may be your last 
I slept in till 6:30 this morning 
Gateway was so stupid that topic made no sense 
I miss my grandma 
I Got to BURN chips today 
doing my essay for world history on the continuities and changes in asia and africa from 3000BCE - 1500BC . uhhhh this sucks . its due tommorow back to back to back essays since we have gateway monday and wensday . 
National weed day 4/20 
I just bought three more baby turtles ill post pics 
My sisters getting eye surgery pray for her 
I asked Jesus " How much do you love me ? " Jesus replies , " This much . " and stretched his arms on the cross and died for me . If you love Jesus , put this as your status . 97% wont do it . Only 3% of you will stand up for him and put this as your status 
Amen Jesus has risen !!! HAPPY EASTER 
Like my status and I'll tell you : 1 . How we met . 2 . My first impression of you . 3 . What I like about you . 4 . Favorite memory of you . 5 . if you like this you must put it as your status 
how do i getleggingsd u gave me from shellita but on ur account by shellita gtg peace luv out of here bye . hahahahaaheheheh seee yaaahh 
At church all girl lock in 
I have strep throat and laryngitis for the 7 time this year I can't even talk 
just went to the pool to train for my lifeguard training for a job this summer 
Went to the pool again and it was awesome I'm so relaxed now 
OMG !!!!!!! I just had 2 raccoons walk up to me !!!!! :( 
im at the app store at the mall of georgia getting insurance 
At mother daughter dinner with my mother Carmen happy mothers day !!!! mom I love u !!!! 
Happy mothers day to my mom and all the other one out there 
just watched THE ADJUSTMENT BUREAU and it was as good as inception in my opinion !!! 
No school tommorow !! But I have AP TESTING !!!! Ughhhhh 
looking for a job for the summer to make some extra cash call 770-873-6129 or email me at casscass78@yahoo.com 
13 days till i leave for italy 
At briscoe park for 9 hours in the hot sun playing softball , volleyball and sack races and I ended up with a bloody lip and almost broken nose 
cant wait till Friday Friday gotta get down on Friday and then Saturday , Sunday i cant wait for Wednesday . 
do my rotc essay on what i would do if i was major for a day 
I'm so proud of myself and all of 1st platoon for giving there all and all of us finished MURPH under 1 hour 
Yes finally last day of school !!!! And I passed all my finals !?! 2:10 I'm not here , fish our of water , all day , PUMP , Lighthouse shined the light bright 
just spent 5 hours swimming and acting like fools with my sister , and Elicia at her house . lol :) so much fun , now I'm ready for bed , I'm covered with mosquito bites . :( 
4 days till i leave for italy 
washing my clothes for when i leave for italy Wednesday and i just bleached my pants . help can u unbleached them . :( 
found the most amazing dollar store ever 
leaving for the airport for italy tommorow at 1:00 pm . wish me luck . lol 
in Venice , Italu right now the most awesome place in the world !!!! great food 
booooh my moms making me switch churches . ive been going to the same church for 15yrs !!!!! :( 
i'm into country now for some reason 
OMG !! when i went to petsmart today and try to use my debit card it said my card was closed so when i checked it online it said it was closed and i called customer service and had to confirm all this stuff to find out because i used my card in italy they thought someone had stolen it and when they couldn't get in touch with me they canceled my card 
looking for fish water filter for my tank for 70 plus gallons . willing to buy extras 
My sister had one of her tempertantrums again and now she's grounded fir the rest of the month over something so stupid 
leaving to go to Alabama for the weekend with my dad for a reptile show 
can't decide what new pet i want either a rat or hamster .... along that line .. any suggestions 
i now have 40 fish a mix of goldfish , minnows , albatros , odessa barbs , mollies , and fantail goldfish 
HILLBILLY BONE by Blake Shelton is an awesome song . were all hillbilly deep down !!! lol :) 
heading to VBS hopefully we have a bunch of children give their lives to Christ this evening 
HILLBILLY BONE by Blake Shelton is an awesome song . were all hillbilly deep down !!! lol :) 
cant wait for Georgia southern tommorow !!!! lol 
going to georgia southern 
just got back from Georgia southern university . it's my #1 college choice right now . it has pre-vet programs , ROTC , rifle team , AWESOME apartment style dorms , good price , small feel but large university . lol :) 
I was a little disapointed by uga today and Georgia southern is my number 1 now for colleges 
applying for scholarships 
OMG !!! today when we were coming from shopping my grandma ran over something in the parking lot when we came out and it was 2 TIRES !!! WTF why would someone leave tires in a parking lot for someone to run over . anyways when we tried to get it out it was stuck and we had to use a jack to get the tires out and i got all black tar all over me . 
selling a lot of reptile stuff on craigslist if anyone's interested !!!! just go under pets and type in lilburn 
At Georgia state for a campus tour 
i might be getting a rat this weekend i just have to convince my dad 
yeah !!! my dads softball team WON 23-4 in their game today !!! 
going to get my hair chemically relaxed , flat ironed , and layered for the new school year . lets hope it looks good . lol :) 
cant wait to go school supplies shopping but don know when open house is 
just made my first resume . its not much but it will do for now 
going to pick up my new rat today . her name is Dixie . yeah !!!!! :) 
just found out parkview's open house is august 4 
I just adopted a new fancy rat named Dixie 
this sucks it turns out my sister allergic to my new rat dixie 
going to the movie to see lincoln lawyer 
The American flag does not fly because the wind moves past it . The American flag flies from the last breath of each military member who has died protecting it . American soldiers don't fight because they hate what's in front of them ... they fight because they love what's behind them . " Re-Post this if you support our troops 
my letter is A 
i like : abs 
i dislike : asparagus 
i hate : asses 
i love : animals 
GOD BLESS AMERICA !!! AND ALL THE TROOPS !! 
this sucks !!! i have to give up Dixie now because ive become allergic to her to . now i'm extremely sad . :( :( :( 
It's official . signed at 12:20 it even passed on tv . Facebook will start charging this summer . If you copy this on your wall your icon will turn blue and facebook will be free for you . Please pass this message if not your count will be deleted . 
going to my dads softball game . wish us luck . this team is good they won the whole thing last year . :) 
sleepover with Elicia at my house !!! :) 
just saw PRIEST at the movie and i have to say it was pretty good better than i was expecting . lots of action !!! 
we went to the reptile show today and came home with a hamster . it so cute :) lol 
rifle camp was awesome today but very HOT !!! because there was no ac . lol 
i'm contemplating getting a rat or ferret . can't decide . give opinions or experiences . thanks 
Going to get my new ratts . yeah !!!! lol :) 
My sister got 1st place overall for rifle camp but i was 2nd right behind her even though i shoot precision and shes been shooting sporter for 3 yrs . and i beat her in standing . but congrats katrina . :) lol 
I am not as good as I should be , 
I am not as good as I could be . 
But THANK GOD I am better than I used to be ! 
Put this dog on 
. //^ ^\\ your profile 
(/ (_•_) \) to show 
. _/''*''\_ that you are 
(,,,) ^( ,,, ) against animal cruelty 
wake up in the middle of the night to pee : 
avoid all mirrors 

airplane engine makes a sudden noise : 
i lived a good life 
hear thumps while in shower : 
whole family is being killed and you're next 
turns off all lights before going to bed : 
omg run for the bed before the demons get you 
elevator door doesn't immediately open : 
trapped forever 
realize it's too quiet , where's everyone ? 
oh god zombies . 
went to dentist today for a cleaning and have to get 4 sealants redone and one filling but no cavity's yeah !!! :) 
Going to ROTC gym to volunteer 
ready for roswell so we can win the region 
going to movies with dad 
found a dog in my backyard !! 
still doing the essay 
No school tommorow this is getting really repetitive and boring 
wants to get a rifle so i can shoot on a range 
Getting the new blackberry curve 8530 !!!!!!!! 
ust got hair flat ironed , cut and bangs i look so 
good . lol . :) 
at work 
at work and getting my hair re flattened 
at baymont hotel in nashville , tennesse on the way to montgomery bell rifle competition !!!! 
happy birthday to me !!!!!!! 
Just got back from camping a week in the woods 
I'm on my way to the MCJROTC award's night at parkview high school !! 
so tired cause i have a cold and did'nt get home till 11 because of my dad's softball game 
Cleaning and getting ready for camp 
going to do AP testing . WISH ME LUCK ! 
doing essay for ap but my brain doesn't want to work with me 
going to an orientation to see a bout a job tommorow 
just got to work 
going to volunteer at my local animal hospital today 
at footprints club 
gosh my sister is so disrespectful and unorganized and keeps arguing with her grandma 
shooting right now but my sis got a 419 out of 600 and in 108th place which is really good she's in first place for our sporters frisbeys in 2nd with a 417 and in 109th place which is really good and overal our team is in29th place which is awesome 
yes got promoted to corporal today !!! 
check out the pics from the rifle camp on the parkview mcjrotc website or look on my profile 
I finished my essay but still have to do a project on the racism in the prosecution of african americans in the 1930's , but can't find any good info and it's do tomorrow . 
leaving to go to the airport 
Getting ready to go to a lizard show with my dad in Raughley , NC 
I have so many projects to do !! and right after spring break 
At lame party 
I " m sooooo bored right now 
trying to finish homework : 
1 . ) 13 page powerpoint in math on sin , cos , and tan 
2 . ) 13 pg powerpoint in ap world jistory on islamic culture 
3 . ) read chapter 14 in ap which is 40 pages long !!!!!!! 
4 . ) read lord of the flies for LA 
5 . ) i 
I was on the verge of tears today cause my rifle malfunctioned and I got horrible scores 
going to Montgomery bell rifle competition b/c I'm awesomeness !!!!! :) 
going to a lizard show in Orlando , FL whoo hoooo !! 
getting ready for open house 
got off work early 
How 
many of us really know everybody on our FB friend list ? Here's a task 
for you ... I want all my FB friends to post how you met me . After you 
comment , copy this to your status . You'll be amazed at the responses you 
get ... This might just be interesting ! 
going to volunteer at the library ! and then doing a interview for a job ! 
ignorant people make me so mad ! there all such freaking idiots . gosh ! 
THAT MATH EOCT WAS HARD TODAY I PROBABLY FAILED THAT SECTION 
doing the usa test prep for coach gayle . due tommorrow for a test grade 
Jennifer Trang Ngo was heeeeerrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee :) <333 
Dads can be such jerks sometimes 
having sleepover with Elicia and me at house 
i fell and hurt my knee and just found out it is sprain and bruised and have to wear a brace for 2 weeks and no physical activity .!!!! :( :( 
just came back from toys tots bewcause it was so packed with cadets they had to send cadets home 
went to a kunchon at curch for mothers day 
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY ! 
I'm on yo facebook 
back from work and relaxing 
Yes !! finally its the last day of school !!!!! 
going to the movies with Chris and I'm going to meet his dad and his sister 
Tired 
Went shopping and got a facial 
studying for a quiz in chem and world lit tommorow 
are how house and driveway is engulfed with snow and ice and now wecant get out cause of th e hill 
GOT OFF WORK EARLY BECAUSE HAIR SYLISTS ARE GOING TO WEDDING 
mom is home finally 
bored 
Can't wait for school to be over so i can go to camp ! 
GOT A New Kitten today named her nikita !! 
I have a cold and a feel horrible 
trying out new hair dues . Don't Try The AFRO Look !!!! EVER !!! unless you have a natural afro 
Got my first paycheck today and applied fir my work permit 
hey schools closed yall 
mom comes home today !!! yeah and i get off work early b/c of it and get to pick her up at the airport . 
Got of work at 12 b/ c there were no more appointments . Yes !!!! 
Got off early . Trying new hairdo it works 
enjoyed rifle this week 
ready for school to start and to get my first paycheck 
Came back from orthodontists 
just came back from an interview and i got the job ! at a salon as a receptionist 
can't wait to go to six flags tuesday 
back from work . i did the entire inventory and merged all double entry clients 
getting ready for work 
working from 10-6 at salon par excellence 
rotc 1 
at work till 3 
blackberry stolen at school THIS SUCKSSSSS !!!!!! 
my phone just totally shut down and wont turn back on . gosh . :( and that tech support crap did nothing to help .!!! 
go bulldogs 
got my computer back obviously 
at work till 5 
i have 3 projects due on monday :( !!!! 
my sisters new haircut is awesome !!!!! 
uhhhhhh sisters are so annoying especially the ones called KATRINA 
six flags was awesome 
rifle is so awesome and tirigg 
uhhhhhh itttsss soooo hhhot outside !! 
Open house at 11am tomorrow !!! 
going to see iron man 2 
1 . Take deep breath 
2 . Think of someone u like 
3 . Press F10 5 times 
4 . 
Send this to 5 coments 
5 . Look at ur background 
gosh I'm so mad my mom took the computer away for no reason and on my BIRTHDAY of all days 
got my new phone the blackberry curve 8530 !!! 
Finally got my drivers permit !!!! 
Going school's supplies shoppping early in the morning 
just saying someone hacked my sisters profile and has written these things but i am telling u she is not she is the most beautiful person maybe not as much outside but inside she is 
came back from open house and me and my sister have two classes together 
last day of work 
Just came back from four hours at the pool !!! 1 it was awesome 
going to game 
anybody have Mrs. Kozlowski 
tired 
Copy 
& Paste This As Your Status To See What PeopleRate You . 1 . Crazy , 
2 . I'de marry you , 3 . Talkative , 4 . Sarcastic , 5 . I miss you , 6 . Fun , 
7 . Moody , 8 . Mouthy , 9 . Beautiful , 10 . Spoiled , 11 . Trouble , 12 . 
Hot , 13 . Sweet , 14 . Amazing , 15 . Funny , 16 . Cute , 17 . Psycho , 18 . 
Pretty eyes , 19 . I love you , 20 . I like you . 
Happy birthday dad !!!!! The big 48 
were all going to die of boredom mainly me 
have to write an essay for ap due tommorow 
at alabama now 3 hours till we're shooting 
this sucks :( match was canceled b/c of the weather ..... stupid weather :( 
This sucks my turtle died 
having a sleepover with elicia 
...... and we all died 
so much shopping so little time 
make sure 1st period rotc if u did not bring candles today to bring them rommorow so that we don't all die 
went to joes crab shack yesterday and the food was awesome 
me back from movies and saw VAMPIRES SUCK !!!! 
at the freshman orientation the freshman this year look like 1st graders 
getting my hair flat ironed tomorrow !!!!! 
signed up for drivers ed at parkview 
at church 
learning how to drive with my sis 
just saw Grown Ups it waz sooooooooooooooooooo funny !!!!!!!!!!! 
Homework 
going to the movies with chris 
Now the serpent was more subtle than any beast of the field which Jehovah God had made . And he said unto the woma http://read.ly/Gen3.1.ASV 
watching devil 
at drivers ed 
going to the football game . go panthers !!! 
just come back from tubing in Georgia it was awesome !!! 
yes mad rifle team !!! 
getting driving lessons by dad in rotc parking lot 
won are seconf rifle competitiona against north springs 
have to run the mile tomorrow 
GO PACKERS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
roswell won 1120 parkview 1116 
Just got back from competition and scored a 538 0ut of 600 
the bulb in my TV just broke and the repair guy says its going to cost $150 to replace it i think i should just get a knew T.v what do u think . anyone ?? / ??? 
going to roswell competition 
leaving tomorrow morning for the cruise 
my cold is coming back and i am so tired I'm definitely going to sleep early today . 
heading to anniston , al for a rifle comp 
cant wait to see the scores and see who made it on rifle team !!! 
i need to study for ap but its so boring 
@Jennifer Trang Ngo was heeerrrrreeeeeee <333 
just went shopping 
anyone have mrs dempsey for AP world and have the summer reading project to do on the world trade created book 
I still feel really bad even though I skiped a day of school 
just got a new lizard named legs because he's paralyzed in his back two feet 
hey I'm here in tennesse and I'm shooting at three 
happy thanksgiving everyone !!! 
I got a 280 
trying to make my own HELL !! any ideas ???? 
just finfished rifle postal and scored 
Prone : 89 
standing : 81 
kneeling : 83 
just went on a ride people are crazy and can't drive I almost got ran off the road 
i have the flu :( i feel like crap that's been crapped on !!! 
I went to the doctor and they sais I have strep throat 
I'm shooting real good at roswell 
got a stupid virus on my computer !!!! ooommmmgggg !! 
walmarts closed and the only place open is waffle house wich is jam packed 
does anyone have mrs. kozwolski and are working on the gateway practice 
Will you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to HONOR a fallen Marine , who just passed away while serving OUR country ? Cpl . Derek Wyatt ( USMC ) died Dec 6 , while serving in Afghanistan . He leaves behind a wife and a newborn son named in his honor , who was born approx 24 hours after news of his death . Repost to Honor this Hero & his Family . Keep them in your prayers . 
just shoveld all the snow off my driveway it took almost 4 hours I'm pooped 
just got back from rifle competition where i shot a 527 to be 4th in my class 
Not able to keep my cat Nikita so if your interested please message me or contact me at 7708736129 or casscass78@yahoo.com 
school tomorrow finally 
my muscles are killing me from pt yesterday :( 
I'm sooooo tirreedd 
OMG !!!! i just watched the ring and it was so scary i'm totally going to have nightmares tonight :(((( 
its snowing finally 
just watched the worriors way and it was the worst movie I've ever seen it makes my top 5 worst movies hands down 
finished my project it look real good 
my rifle jammed and my sights were off witch in turn made me shoot bad on the day we shot for score so now i was replaced and didnt get to shoot against lithonia 
i'm going to have to wake up at 5AM tommorow to got to school for a drill comp and be there till 4 
just got back form the animal hospital and it was awesome we got too see a bunch of dogs , parrots . it was sad though bc one of the sugar gliders they had there died of phnemonia today 
