Interesting . I now keep getting targeted ads about lesbian cruises . I'm not going to throw my bi-teddies out of the pram , though I do keep wondering what lesbian quoits entails . It's clear that my knowledge of cruises extends as far as Jeeves & Wooster isn't it ? I'm guessing quoits isn't the main attraction of cruise ships anymore . 
Feeling far more I will Survive-y today . You can't keep a good woman down for long . Especially not if she's got a dodgy back . 
Broken it . Running Away . 
Ironically I only came on here to reply to a message my cousin sent me ... on Myspace . Yeah , there really isn't much hope . 
Got my result for Creative Writing OU ( A215 ) . Grade Two pass , one lower than distinction . Me being me , am gutted that I didn't get the bestest mark ever . PLUS , very annoyed Facebook keeps suggesting I do the friends thing with ex . She hates my guts , can live without the reminder . 
Fucking heartbroken and weepy again . * head desk * When is this supposed to stop ? It's been four months . I should be okay by now , right ? 
Oops , appear to have just come out on Facebook . Meh , wtf ? It suits the week I'm having . 
I have realised that I have no fucking idea how to work facebook . 
Noooooo ! Facebook is starting to suggesting I " friend " my family . The ones I never see . That's not right is it ? It's only a question of time before I start getting asked why I'm not married and don't have children on a daily basis . * head desk * 
At work , watching people pack the office up . The commute to Stratford starts on Monday . I really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , don't want to do it . Does anyone have a helicopter they can lend me ? 
Worked my last day at the old AV company I used to work for . A generally good few years blighted by the ill manners of a few . Not sorry to leave . 
Just wrote article for company tinterweb for " Soul Feathers " and written to local paper ... Pimpin ' again . :P Am off to hide in the coal bucket . 
Thinking about huge pile of clothing in airing cupboard which needs putting away . I could run away , but I really don't have the petrol to get anywhere interesting . Might as well just get in the airing cupboard then . 
OU exam in 8 days ! EEEEEEEEK ! 
Preparing for the new OU term . Oh , in the form of a duvet day . Nothing to say you can't study in bed with a damn good ... * grins * 
Studying . Honest . 
SingStar , curry and la famile . Let's just ignore the photos posted by my beloved . I am as singularly photogenic as normal ( i.e. not at all ) . 
Got that Sunday night feeling ... * pouts * 
My bestest was REM - Losing My Religion . Nice to know all those angsty teenage years weren't a waste . 
Very nervously watching rugby . 
Trying to get my head ' round transnationalism and really , just want to insert it up someone's backside . Sideways . Ho hum . 
If you have a wonderful woman , who helps keep the smile on your face .. Who isn't perfect but is perfect for you .. Who can be a grumpy , but gives the best cuddles & would protect you from anything .. Who makes you smile , laugh , cry & sometimes drives u crazy ( all the time ;) ) , who is your soul mate n couldn't live without . Post this as your status to say how much you love her ! Xx 
Watching Takeshi's Castle and giggling at people falling off of things . I clearly have an evil side . 
Stomach cramps from hell are back then . Joy . 
Dreadful game of rugby ... 
Finished essay from hell . Only 427 words over word count . Yay ... * falls over * 
Likely to be made redundant again . I'm dead good at stuff . Can someone employ me please ? 
Made a list of 10 jobs to apply for already . No one can say I don't try at this working malarky . 
No : REALLY .... Do this ........ 
While on FB , look at your URL address ( in the very top box on your screen . ) 
If you see " http : " instead of " https : " then you DO NOT have a secure session & can be hacked . 
Go to Account-Account Settings-Account Security , click Change . Check the box(es ) , click save . Change it as FB automatically has it on the non-secure setting ! Copy & re-post , please . 
I is being laughed at for collating a folder for our few days away in sunny Warwick and Brumland ... I can't help it . Once a camp leader , always a camp leader ! 
When getting out of bath to chase errant hound , do try not to ; a ) do the splits , b ) clack leg on bath , c ) bash ribs on sink and d ) attempt to give oneself brain surgery via stoving head in on toilet . I can report having accomplished all of these things that it doesn't do much for one's dignity , sense of well-being or ability to find small dog . 
