Having a Cookout wednesday ... Msg me for details ! 
Cookout tomorrow .. msg , txt , or call me for details 
off to work 
What about me says im the type of girl to have random sex ?.... I swear some guys are soooo .... wow . 
We really need to get furniture for our living room , now that we're down to two . 
Booooooooooored <3 Tell rebecca to take me to Vegas !!! 
:O cleaning ... :( 
Yay practice today ! which means i dont have to sit at the house ALL day : 0 ... 9 more days to go .. 
~ What a lovely Day ~ 
dang i miss the beach 
At home by myself .. bored .. so sad . Its soooo hot outside .. so im sad about that too 
If i dont sleep .. does that mean tomorrow wont come .. 
Wow so apparently all the hot army guys hang out at occupational therepy ... I should come here more often . 
LMAO = Lick Me All Over ?? 
2.5 more hours then home till Friday !!!!!!! 
Mondays are so boring .. tuesday WILL be better 
Should i .. or Should i not go swimming ? 
Swim Time ... :D 
:O i make boys cry !! 
hmm i should so be sleepin or something 
I hate cars ... on a brighter note one more day . Yay ! 
I burned my darn finger !!!!!!! I'm in PAAAAAIN !!! 
Awww my knuckle headed baby tyler is all growned up * tear * 
I really need a new job 
Happy Thanksgiving :) 
Im so not feeling work tomorrow ... 
Soo what's everyone up to ?... I'm at work .. FAIL ! 
aww isnt my picture lovely .. anywho time for the movies !! 
Awww wish more people were here swimming 
im starving .. somoene needs to feed me .. 
Work is sooooooo boring 
I think i should see a shrink ... im nutz i tell u nutz 
I hate that i get even darker being out in the sun :O .. But the swimming is fun . 
veggie & water diet FTW 
Goodnight Everyone .. Today , was a good day . 
goodnight everyone of importanace ... goodnight to the rest too i guess :P 
Goodnight 
My eyes still see funny after all that swimming today :D 
Which Jersey Shore Character Are You ? -- My Result : Jenni " J-WOWW " . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/478354/referrals/status?aid=100001432084095 
If you're brave you'll copy this into your status and see what people rate you . ( 1)Crazy . ( 2 ) Wish we went out . ( 3 ) Talkative . ( 4)Sarcastic . ( 5 ) Lovable . ( 6 ) Sexy . ( 7 ) Strong . ( 8 ) Spoiled . ( 9 ) Mouthy . ( 10 ) Wild . ( 11 ) Goofy . ( 12 ) Funny . ( 13 ) Awesome . ( 14 ) Amazing . ( 15 ) Beautifu 
Mmm Steak , corn , and Fettuchini ! 
I have a taste for something sweet , and i cant fore the life of me figure out exactly what i want . 
Nap Time 
Faaaaaaaaah Nominal 
I think me and rebecca just went on a quiz spree 
Whhhhhhhy does everyone i know keep telling me to go see that scott pilgram movie :\ .... it doesnt even look good :O .. And yet my friends think i'll like it :\ 
bbq today ... msg for details .. btw kids ARE invited :) 
I need to find something to do the next few days :D i refuse to be bored 
anyone know about cars ? 
LMAO rebecca just took an " are you really black " quiz lol 
Sup my lovelies .. Soooo the weather today ? ... sucky .. my cable and net went down for like an hour .. while i was actually at home .. 
Its one of those Boring Days .. Nothing to do but chill at home and watch tv i suppose . Mmm i think ill cook steak , and hmm maybe rice or fettuchini .. Mmm 
Happy Birthday Gram 
http://m.youtube.com/index?desktop_uri=%2F&gl=US#/watch?xl=xl_blazer&v=uj-nDmXHmng 
Cookout tomorrow .. msg .. call .. or txt me for details 
<3 
Its nice to be off work for the week :) .. Four days , without a whole lot to do . 
Going to Fuglys tonight :) 
I Think ima get dressed and go Visit my Gabby ! 
Name one random thing that makes you think of me 
Dang im just glad i dont have to get up in the morning :) 
I have to stay up ALL night , so i can start working nights tomorrow night :O 
I am sooooooo tired lmao . 
And mella .. you are wrong , I do get on my facebook now ... sometimes 
Working at a new house starting tonight can't wait 
NOOOOOOO .. Tyler Perry cancelled his show in OKC .. * cries * 
Im sad :( a friend of mine went to prison today :o . He's too cute to become someones butt buddy :*( 
Mmm days off are nice 
