Sorry I'm never on . I've been busy like you wouldn't believe . D: I've always hated Facebook , and nobody really talks to me anyway . So I guess it kinda works out for everyone , hm ~ ? c : 
I'm bored ... I probably just need to release some energy , but I won't feel better until I punch someone for the lulz . 
I was looking up my homework ... and I somehow ended up on facebook . D: 
I'll be out of my mind and you'll be out of ideas pretty soon , so let's spend the afternoon in a cold hot air balloon . Leave your jacket behind , lean up and touch the treetops over town . I can't wait to kiss the ground wherever we touch back down . 
Why doth yon weather fluctuate so ? D: 
Ohhhh , my goodness . Role-playing is the most fun ever ! I need MOAR ! ? (????) 
Augh ! Why is it I didn't catch Swine Flu when my whole family had it ( I was immune , apparently ) , but I have been defeated by a mere cold !? D: 
Auuuugh ! Illustrating is a much harder job than I thought it'd be . I love it with the full capacity of my heart , but it's really stressful trying to juggle that and school . (-sob-) I wish I could draw fatser and wasn't such a perfectionist . ... but my best friend is counting on me and I want to do a good job for him ! I will persevere ! ;______; 
I hate using Facebook on the Wii , it doesn't work ; I quit . D: I support Stephie's Rebellion . Join the cause ! 
Worldwide Day of Cosplay needs to be real . Oh , wait . Halloween . But that already happened ! D: 
Toys R Us is my home away from home . They have Kingdom Hearts figurines and gave me Arceus ! ;____; I felt woozy at the graduation meeting ; like I was gonna pass out . But I didn't want people to worry . So I didn't tell them . ~ : > 
Ohhhhh , I really wasn't looking forward to waking up this morning . I have a dentist appointment and I hate those ! 
Darnit , Spock ! I'm a doctor not a physicist ! 
Dream as though you will live forever ; live as though you will die today . 
Herro , everyone ~ Kitsune is selling Girl Scout cookies( $3.50 a box ) until next week . ( remember , you don't have to pay until they're delivered ) Ooh , and 25 inch , hand-decorated Christmas wreathes ($24 ) for a couple more weeks . Call or send me a message if you're interested ~ c : 
Haha , I had a literal Mario Party and it was quite epic . We stayed up all night ~ We never did find a use for the spoons , though . 
GameStop relese party was canceled . Bummer . I'll just go tomorrow , I guess . Anyways , I spent the night at DJ's and there was much lulz . Drag queen mosquitoes = yes . * nods furiously * 
Augh , I hate allergies ; they've been killing me for almost three days ! I can't even stay up late because of them . And I really neeeeed to ! ? (´???`?) It makes me so sad . I know you wanted to talk , Iniki . ;___; I'm feeling a bit better , so I'll do my best to stay awake ! 
What if someone wanted to get you a present , but they've already given you everything you wanted ? Now you don't know what to ask for , what do you do ? D: 
Darn you Nagata Kenta-san for letting Mike Vaughn give my Ludwig such a scary voice ! ;____; 
Facebook is being mean and won't let me attach a song to my posts . ;____; Anyway , I heard Chasing Cars today and I thought of youuuu ( you know who you are) ~ Please feel better soon , ok ? Suki yo ! ~ c : 
[ insert witty phrase here ] 
Arrr-RAAAR ! I wish I had more time on the computer . People keep booting me off ! My apologies to Akira-kun . I wasn't able to talk to you today . ;____; 
Extended family gift exchange for Christmas , mom ? Really ? Well , if you ask me , I believe nobody deserves anything , and everybody deserves nothing ~ ... But I still want that Mario game , so please do feel free to get me that , yes . :D ;;; 
Augh , I've been bedridden almost all week , so sorry for not replying to anything until now . Getting sick is terrible ! I'm feeling a little better now , but not well enough to go anywhere . I was so looking forward to hanging out tonight , too ! ;_____; 
Augh , much too busy for Facebook recently . Terrible , yes . I miss people , though . I feel really isolated . D: I know I've been gone a week , but heilige Scheisse , people . Stop posting so much ! I'll never catch up on my messages . ; A ; 
Harvest Moon cosplay at Naka next year . I'm totally going as Chase . He's cute as a friggin ' button ~ 
Today was the last day of school ; hooray for Christmas break ! (´???`) Also , my sister just got Harvest Moon : Animal Parade . Soooo cute and made of pure love . Like a heaping spoon of pink , sparkly sugar ~ Chase , Gil , and Toby are my husbands , yes . :3 ;;;;; 
HOMG , Mario called me on the phone . ;___; He told me about a relese day party at Gamestop on Saturday . I swear , I swear ! I've got it recorded for proof . It's pretty awesome . I'll be gone this weekend , for anyone who's like to know . It's gonna be busy ! D: 
AUGH ! I can NOT believe I had to miss Naka-kon on Ice to watch the kids because of some crappy party my parents went to ! They stayed out unitl 3 a.m. , WHO DOES THAT !? ;______; ( Does anyone have pictures , whoever went ? ) 
Don't think you can be overly friendly with me just because we exchanged pleasantries . 
Augh , I've already been up for more than an hour and a half ... and I'm STILL tired . Funny how that only happens on school days , hm ? >>; 
should probably be doing homework instead if trying to think of what to put here . 
I filled a whole page in my sketchbook with drawings of Lemmy in a half hour . Goodness me ! He's just so darn cute , though . I'll have to upload them soon so you guys can see ~ 
You can rule the world with your cute kid ! 
Whoa , I've been gone so long that they got rid of my awesome wall post thingy . Oh well , I s'pose it's time for a new one anyways , yes ... " I HAVE VICTORY ! Easy as bread sanwiches ! Yes , yes ! I am feeling the power ! It high-fives Fawful's face ! " 
Ohhh , my goodness , Kiyoteru Hiyama . I'd love Math lessons if he was my teacher ... On the other hand ,? maybe I'd fail even harder because I'd be too busy longing after him and would forget what was on the blackboard . ; A ; VOCALOID , how I love thee . What would I do without you and your delicious singing bishis ? 
My parents don't understand my cosplay ( Nekozawa and Chase ): " But , why do you want to be boys , honey ? " ... because I don't have the body type to cosplay a girl , mom . That's why . 
LET'S GET MARRIED ! ; A ; 
Bah , couldn't sleep . Too much on my mind , I guess . ;____; Got on Cosplay.com and started searching for random series/characters ( Kyoya Ootori , Mmmmm ~ ) . Then I somehow ended up here . I don't even know how , and that's the scary part . D: 
Kid brother is kicking me off the compy . But I promised Stephie I'd talk with her today ! He's such a jerk , wth !? DDDDD: 
Chase = Orphan . He's an ORPHAN ! ; A ; About 80% done with Chase cosplay . I just need to wait for the wig and apron to get here . I'm so excited ! ??? 
Gill + Chase = Bromace ( Most amazing mathematical equation ever ) 
Bluuuuuue featherrrrrrrrr ~ 
Once and for all , people , let me tell you that I honestly cannot -stand- Farmville . Why on earth do you think -I- would waste -my- precious time with such hideous drivel ? Please , I implore you , do not send me " neighbor requests " anymore . I get close to 5 a day . If you see that I ignored it the first time , it's not like I'm going to change my mind the second time around . 
Augh ! My electronics were NOT loving me last night ... Plus , Facebook and MSN were killing my conversations . Sorry to everyone I was walking to , that I didn't come back . Especially to Iniki and Stephie who were waiting ever so patiently for me . ;____; 
My class read The Scarlet Letter for Literature . Good book , reeeeeeally sucky ending . Rev . Mr. Dimmesdale was the -only- character from a book we read in literature that I -ever- liked . And he ends up dying . WTFSRSLY . 
Where can you see lions ? Only in Kenya . Only in Kenya can you see lions . Kenya ! Kenya , Kenya , Ken-yaaaaaa ! 
I've got a bag full of crabs here . I'm gonna put them in my mouth , oh yes . I'm gonna run around the town on a market day , and everyone's gonna say , " he's got a mouth full of crabs ! " 
I've been watching videos and such of Naka-kon from last year recently , and it's getting me really fired up ! Only two and a half more weeks , but I want to go NOW ! I'm so excited ~ ;?; * joytears * 
Augh . I hate when my internet is out ! It makes me way late on replying to any messages I get and I look like an idiot . xD ; 
I gotta get off and go to bed now . Dang . Good night , everyone . I wuv you ~ 
Augh ! XBox live takes up too much internet power , I hate that ! Especially if you have someone important to talk to , and the one playing refuses to get off . B ( 
Awuh ! My router/modum is so IRKSOME ! I had plans for Saturday and my electronics failed me yet again ! Technology frustrates me ! Why can't -everything- come with an " easy button " ? 
Augh ! My modem exploded last night and I had to get a new one . So , like , I come back and Facebook practically committed suicide !? This new layout displeases me greatly ! 
Augh ! My electronics were NOT loving me last night ... Plus , Facebook and MSN were killing my conversations . Sorry to everyone I was talking to , that I didn't come back . Especially to Iniki and Stephie who were waiting ever so patiently for me . ;____; 
" Your meddling has made Fawful have a fury as large as the world ! " 
Augh . Can't sleep . Fawful has the tiredness . It makes his small body woozy with sleepy rage . 
" No matter what happens tomorrow , or for the rest of my life , I'm happy now ... because I love you . " 
Oh noooo ... I'm so sorry for being gone so long everyone . I feel terrible . I just can never find the time to get on recently ! I need a break . ;______; This weekend better be relaxing or that's it for my sanity . 
It turns out my internet problem was our stupid , old router . We got a new one and now it's all fixed ! I no longer have many furies that are much bigger than the world ~ c : 
He's just angry ' cause it's his bed time ! 
I drizzled rage dressing on the country next door . Rage dressing on a salad of evil ! 
Repost , because I agree with this so much : " I support the real Valentine's day , where you get with your friends and tell them you love them . Love is not just between a man and woman or intimate , it's also the other bonds that people share together . Open your eyes and don't be shy to tell your friends you adore everything about them . : > " 
" There are few things , -whether in the outward world , or , to a certain depth , in the invisible sphere of thought- few things hidden from the man , who devotes himself earnestly and unreservedly to the solution of a mystery . " - Dr. Roger Chillingworth 
I like how good friends can laugh together . But I -love- when best friends can go through a conversation crying , yelling , laughing , crying again , and then finish it all off giggling about nothing . <3 
This gives to Fawful the sadness like a delectable turkey sandwich that is missing the delightful mayo of tastiness . 
Fawful : He had such fury at the Mario Bros . that he died for your chortles . ; A ; 
" Of -course- there's only ' All-Purpose ' flour . What , did you think there's ' All-Accident ' flour , too !? " - My sister Jessica . xD ; 
Now a battle will unfold like an angry dip of many layers on the chips of wildest hopes ! 
Soon , I will have your castle ! ... You will visit , perhaps ! Fawful will reserve the Crying Room for the crying of your minions . And the crying will be like a savory soda for my soul ! 
Got food-poisoning and has been out sick for nearly four days . Thanks for nothin ' McDonald's . 
You are like brainless cats that are too dumb to know they are stupid ! 
Augh ! Naka-kon in in two days . I still have to add some last-minute touches to my second costume , pack , and buy food . So much stress ! Please , enough with the stressing ! D: 
Huh-huh . That was meant to be a comment , not a status update . xD ; 
Hm'k , truthfully , Naka wasn't all I expected it to be . But I still had a good time . Science City was a lot of fun , and Kabuki's , too . Plus , I got to spend the weekend with my most bestest friends . So , it's all good ~ c : Next on the FunTiems calendar : Day of Dance with Gill and Chase . :3 
You know you think something is awesome when you dream about it for three nights in a row . Gill and Chase cosplay , hooray ! 
Fawful has the sleepies . Good night world ~ <3 
Fawful can be a model , too ! 
I'm off to draw a loverly piccu for Stephie , it shall be made of win . * nods furiously * Then beddy-bye because I have the sleepies . I gotta get up early to be ready for my kidnapping . c : 
is now officially illustrator and editor of Akira Moto's new book . I'm so excited ! Thank you so much for this amazing opportunity , Akira-sama ! ;____; 
Dangit , I hate typos . xD ; Anyway , I'm gonna hit the sack . Fawful and I are going to sleep at the same time as Ponyo and Stephie ' cause we're just cool like that . 
A true friend doesn't care what you're wearing , if your home is tidy or not , if your car is making funny noises , that you only have $5 in the bank this week , or that you and your loved ones aren't perfect ... A true friend just loves you for you ! Repost this if you have at least one true friend . ? 
I just got New Super Mario Bros . Wii and Kitty-tan says it's awesome . Gonna stay up all night playing it . Insane party at my house . Bring spoons ~ 
aglkjhslalkjhdslfk I'm so cold ! ... I guess wearing shorts and a t-shirt doesn't help much . >>; But I cannot wait for spring ! 
I just had an awesome conversation with Michael Wright . I'm happy and my nerves aren't so nervous anymore ! Apparently I'm pure evil and I have magic Fawful undies . ... And I learned what crabs were , as well . Thanks for that fabulous lesson , Iniki . xB ; 
One thing that everyone should know about me : Sometimes I don't know how far I've taken things until I've taken them too far . Sometimes I forget who I'm talking to or what it is I'm even talking about ... If I'm saying something stupid , stop me , please . Becuase the last thing I ever want to do is offend someone . 
" 157:45 " Was what my phone said after Stephie had to hang up ' cause her phone was dying . That's a loooong tiem . And we weren't even done . D: 
Oh , I see that a friend of mine just got married recently . She and I were best friends for my first 2 1/2 years of high school , but it's funny how she didn't even give me a passing thought ; she didn't even think of inviting me . I didn't even know she was engaged . Hm ... I guess you have to find out who your real friends are somehow ... This does wonders for the levels of happiness which have the belonging to Fawful . 
BENTLEY !!!! 
Fawful is thinking your movie-choosing has abundance in suckage 
Huwah ~ This weekend was full of awesome . Thanks a ton , Stephie , and congradulations again ! Now I'mma go get me some well-deserved rest , yus . :3 
" Why is a raven like a writing desk ? " I know the answer ... do you ~ ? c : 
Always I wanna be with you , to make-believe with you and live in harmony , harmony , ohhh loooove ! 
Bears . Beets . Battlestar Galactica . 
I'm gonna go have an adventure this weekend ! It shall be full of much excitement and lots of fun-having ~ :D 
Are you sick of my Fawful drawings yet ? c : 
AGNFNRKNFFF -- I'm so excited ! Naka-kon all weekend AND Stephie's house ! It's gonna be hard to sit still in school today ! :D Much loving to all the people who'll miss me while I'm gone ~ I'll be taking lots of pictures ! 
My compy finally finished installing and updating Perfect World ~ We all gonna play this game and have super happy fun tiems with it it . D: > 
Beef ? Fawful is lacking in beef . Fawful is beefless . 
kjaskl ; jaksl ; jhskl ; adjh I just saw Ponyo for the first time today . Love it , love it , love it ! ;____; I'm gonna buy the special edition tomorrow from Target ' cause it comes with Fish-Ponyo plushie . ; A ; And , and , and -- I've been listening to the Ponyo theme songs nonstop all day . EFF YEAH SEAKING ! > : C 
Ok , so I'm supposed to be in the middle of my studies ... >>; But I did an Amazon search for a cheap Wacom tablet , and all I'm getting are little bitty ones that cost more than 60 bucks ! What's fun about a small tablet !? D: I'm also going to start a Tegaki E blog , ' cause drawing is fun . 
" And when I'm skipping with her , my heart does a dance . " 
> : C My favorite expression ever . 
SOUL SILVER GET ! And ... Silver is attractive . Gosh dangit . How can I attack THAT ? Why must he be mah rival and not my love ? I think I'mma make a crack-pairing of Ethan and Silver . c : 
Ohh ! I finally got my present from Target ~ PONYO PLUSHIE GET ! ; A ; 
Today is great ! It's still a wee bit chilly , but the sun is shining and the grass is getting greener . And I'm super happy because my crocuses are starting to bloom , that means spring is almost here ! I also watched the Scarlet Pimpernel movie at school today for Literature . Percy is , like , my love forever . xD 
" Love many things , for therein lies the true strength , and whosoever loves much performs much , and can accomplish much , and what is done in love is well done . " -Vincent van Gogh 
If you're alone , I'll be your shadow . If you want to cry , I'll be your shoulder . If you want a hug , I'll be your pillow . If you need to be happy , I'll be your smile . But anytime you need a friend , I'll just be me . * repost if you agree ! ( Fawful certainly does ~ ) 
adgblkaflkffkalk ;; Graduation Meeting has been postponed until -next- Tuesday ? What the heck !? And I was all excited to see everyone again . This is the pits . I still want to borrow your Katamari game though , Luc , don't forget that next time . x3 And Stephie MUST come with us ! Must , must ! ;___; * armcling * 
Augh ! SO much homework today , I think I'm gonna die . Maybe what I should do is organize it all into categories based on level of importance and subject ... I know schoolwork is important , but I mean it's not like we don't have a life we would like to live ouside of school . It's like the teachers get together and go , " Hey , let's dump a truckload on ' em so they can't enjoy the day like we can ' cause we got nothin'! " 
Fawful is tiring of the cold , and cannot wait for the seasons of warm outdoorness and beach fun-having . Fawful shall construct a giant anvil and tie it to the sun ! Then drag the sun close enough to Earth JUUUUST so that the ice development in the clouds with faces will have to have stopping ! 
Fawful is on the cozy couch , sipping tea that laughs at you ! 
I don't know why , but I feel soooo good today . I woke up in an amazing mood and I feel awesome and full of energy ! I think something good will happen today . c : I'm gonna go out and do something spontaneous ! I'll be back later tonight to check all my messages and reply to all of them with vim and vigor ! :D 
I wish you could change the height if your charatcer in Perfect World . ' cause , first of all , Kitcylia is my doppelganger and she must be short ! And second ... I wanted to make a Fawful . D: 
Fawful is not being in the mood for anyone to have the taking of him without seriousness . So , please have kindness and leave Fawful to his lonesome . He is playing his vidya-games to take his mind off furious stressings that give to him headaches of rage and loathing which he has no desirings to feel right now . Things will be better tomorrow , he is hoping . 
I'm sorry I apologize so much . 
MISSION : HELP , STARFOX ! OUR DINO-NIGHTLIGHT IS OUT AND WE'RE AFRAID OF THE DARK ! 
" I don't know how to say the things I'm thinking of , but the something more I'm feeling must be love . " Happy St. Valentine's Day , everyone ~ <3 
Yesterday was weird , I was in a funk or something . But the weather will be nice so I'm going to make today better . I do wish the sun was out , though . : I 
This may be old news to some , but I found out recently that a rumor was confirmed true about how Pixar cancelled their work on a movie called Newt . I was really excited about it . I love newts . But now I am sad . 
I wish I had a newt . : C 
I had a pretty good day today . The weather was lovely , and I'm getting much better at tennis and more confident in my driving , which is good . * nod * 
But now I am sleepy and I wish you all a good night's rest and sweet dreams . <3 
I love Megamind . That movie makes me laugh . c : 
Workin ' on a picture that includes mine , Jess , and Grace's most recent adopted personas : Flapjack , Finn , and Maxwell . 
Done with the sketch of the drawing . I decided to add Jake and " Beemo " ( BMO ) as well because I like them . C : 
I wish I could be a superhero . I would make everyone feel better with my sensational abilities . >:V 
When I wake up I usually go to the living room and cozy up on the couch . Today , I somehow ground a 1/4 inch shard of glass into my foot and bled profusely . That's gotta be THE most sensational way to start the morning . 
My brother Grant and I just beat Mystical Ninja 2- LIKE A BOSS ! 
Never in my life have I ever met a pair of such foul , loathsome , filthy little incompetent nematodes . You two deserve nothing more than each other . I hope you become best friends , you sniveling , ungrateful , wretched swine . 
All I have left to say to you is that I hope you enjoy each other's company , because that's all you'll have left in your empty , soulless world of hate and betrayal . 
Apparently Pokemon Black/White comes out today . Kinda wish I had money to burn , but maybe I'll just get it later . I didn't really hear about any promotional pre-order items , so it's all good . 
Anyone who gets a copy should tell me what they think of it , though . c : 
C'est la vie . 
If I die young , bury me in satin , lay me down on a bed of roses . Sink me in the river at dawn , send me away with the words of a love song . 
We may only have tonight , but till the morning sun you're mine , all mine . Play the music low and sway to the rhythm of love . 
When the moon is low we can dance in slow motion and all your tears will subside . All your tears will dry . 
I love dogs . I should take a picture of each member of my pack ... If I could get any of them to sit still . 
Assessment testing today . Yaaaay . But it should only take about an hour and a half , that's not so bad . 
" Press enter to post your comment " ? Ohhh , man ... That's going to be annoying to get used to . : I 
Mmm ... sad . Tomorrow should make it a little better , though . 
Hey , I'm a wildflower , growin ' in the sunshine , soakin ' up the way of life I was raised in . Runnin ' barefoot , bloomin ' in a summer shower , ponytail dancin ' I can't help it , I'm a wildflower . 
Dude . Totally found my Sega Genesis today while I was looking from my brother's tennis racket . I love serendipity . 
Oh , I just can't wait to be king . 
" Everything the light touches is our kingdom . " 
Tonight was good , even though I didn't have many people to talk to , I had a good time . Also , I found that I have a new friend . Mr. Darby is an amazing guy . C : 
[ paragraph about something interesting ] 
" When I grow up , I want to be a frog . " 
Today , I will post a copious amount of pictures of my lifelong love : Froggies 
Haven't used Ubuntu in a while . Now I'm getting aaaaall it's updates . Started about 20 minutes ago and is only 1/3 done . 
Suddenly I'm missing tones of files from my computer . All the pictures I took with my phone are gone . All my music files are gone . My movies are gone . 
I don't know what happened . The computers , including mine , shut off today when a fuse blew in the kitchen and we had to reset the power . 
Dude . I haven't played Perfect World in so long ( almost a year ) , that I didn't even realize they had a new expansion , and that its updates will probably take like , two days . :V 
I'm sure this new " Question " posting option is merely a ploy to divert your attention from the fact that the Facebook programmers keep making useless updates instead of actually making it better . But that's just me . : I 
Had a fabulous start of the week . Here's to hoping the rest will be even better . 
Love you , my bear . <3 
" We ran like vampires from a thousand burning suns , but even then we should have stayed . But we ran away , now all my friends gone . Maybe we've outgrown all the things that we once loved . Runaway . But what are we running from ? A show of hands from those in this audience of one , where have they gone ? " 
Enrollment for classes is tomorrow ... I hope I get all the classes I wanted . D: 
The moment is fast approaching . Less than 5 minutes remain . 
So enrollment went well this morning . Unfortunately the max number of credit hours you're allowed to have is 9 , so I had to forget my Eastern Religions class . : I 
Kinda stinks cause I've always been really interested in things like Buddhism , and Shinto ... 
But I was able to get into Composition I , Psychology , and my Concept Art for Animation class . I'm pleased . C : 
Severe allergies and special tiem is not a pleasant combination . 
However , since I've been ill on the couch all day , I've finally gotten the chance to re-read Tokyo Mew Mew . I love it so much . 
And I love bears . I love bears so much , too . Especially mine . I love my bear . 
Iggy and Ludwig are down . Next up is Lemmy , then I'll be done with my first page ~ Three more pages of characters left to go . 
" Excuse me , but I would rather you not speak to me in such a demeaning and insulting manner . Now , if you don't mind , much appreciation will be given if you would kindly place this bar of soap in your mouth and sit in the corner to think about what you've done . " 
I hate people who , in every picture they have of themselves , constantly make a duckface . It is not attractive . 
Unicorns and glitterrrrr ~ 
" People often ask why I exist . They tell me it must be just to spite them . I have to laugh a little then I turn to them and say , ' Actually , I'm here merely to make your life a little more pleasant . ' They hate that . " 
It's not fair . I hate getting in trouble because you complain about me . 
I remember when I finally unlocked T.T . in Diddy Kong Racing and realized he wasn't that cool . I felt so empty on the inside ... 
Stupid Pixia shut down on me . There goes that picture . :| 
Don't you just hate it when someone you loathe blatantly steals your hairstyle to get your boyfriend's attention ? Yeah , I do , too . 
" I just got my hair cut , do you like it ? " 
" No , you need it cut again . " 
" Really ? " 
" Yes . Definitely . Get it cut . Immediately . You should be one of those punk chicks and get it shaved . Please . Go bald , it'll be awesome . " 
Do you know what flavor of gum they should have ? They should have Kamek-flavored gum . Then I'll be able to taste the spicy smoothness of Kamek all the time . 
I think I may have just found my long-lost friend . (´???`) 
I love how every once in a while you meet someone whose optimism is incredibly inspiring . 
I've been sitting cross-legged for almost an hour . Both my feet are asleep and feel like lead . : I 
There must be more to life than what has been created inside this box . 
Today I enroll for fall classes at JCCC . I thought it was kind of weird that it's so early in the year , but here's hoping everything goes as planned . 
I hate when servers get flooded . > : C 
Well , I think I got my classes . Um , I'm gonna go back to sleep now . : I 
My nose is stuffy , and I'm super hungry ... I would eat , but then there would be absolutely no satisfaction in that whatsoever if you can't taste anything . : C 
" Any problem is solvable . We can feed the hungry and cure disease . But all of that would be a huge waste of time , because we live in the Matrix ! " 
" If the bombs go off the sun will still be shining . Because I've heard it said that every mushroom cloud has a silver lining . " 
" I hate today . If ever a day has had hating , today is the day which I hate . If I were able to give a physical form to my hatred of this particular day , the punching in its face would commence . " 
Sometimes I wish I could close my eyes and be enveloped in a soothing cloud of white , and all my worries would disappear . 
adgjshgadkjf school . xC 
Mom got a netbook for Día de las Madres . It came with Windows 7 Starter . I hate Microsoft . 
Happy Mother's Day to all you mommies out there . I hope your day is relaxing and full of love ~ 
Lord , give me strength . 
First time in quite a while I've been out all day and spent it with my family , it was kinda fun . Poor Grant twisted his ankle , though , so I hope he gets better quickly . : C 
Been on the compy all day . My Togepi prolly died waiting for me to move around . |D ; See y'all tomorrow gais . I'm outie . 
I would like to continue this battle of wits but I see that you are unarmed . 
" Stupid Aparoids ! Haven't you ever heard of windows ? " 
" ... Naw , man . We use Linux . " 
I just remembered my dream last night . In it , I had longer hair and gave myself purple streaks and white highlights . It was actually kinda cool . : I 
" Widget on the Summer Sky " Cool name for a song title if you wrote it while you were high . :3 ; 
" King of Kings " = Best . Song . Ever . XD 
I walked almost 9000 steps with Togepi yesterday . |3 All this snow ! That's not what I wanted to see on the first day of spring ! It's a good thing I got out yesterday ~ 
My parents are finally home . Taking care of four chillins for five days was hard work ... 
But I did a good job . And I'm relieved that I don't have to watch them anymore for a while ~ ? (´??) ? 
Been on a Zelda hype lately . Played through all the old games and am now up to Four Swords Adventures . It's frustrating though , and now I remember why I only played through it once . 
I love you sooooo much ... LOL jk , go die in a hole . 
" I like laughing ; it's such a wonderful experience ! " lol King Julian . xD 
I really hate that feeling you get when you find out someone you know isn't what they seem to be ... 
It's an amazing day , probably one of the last for a little while . Go out and enjoy it while you can , everyone ! Togepi is in the Pokewalker , let's see how many steps I take while I play outside today ~ 
I'm excited about getting my prom dress ! I don't think I'll be able to sleep . Oh well . Good night anyway ~ 
I decided to sneak around Kernodle Lake today , which apparently belongs to IHOP now . I felt like I was infiltrating a base . I flung myself out of sight before a Jeep drove by , and then later dove into the trees when I heard a voice from across the lake . I literally froze in fear when I saw the second Jeep , then I snapped to my senses and dropped flat on my stomach behind a bush . I think they're all up to something . 
NatsuCon was so BA . Best part was the Hero of Time panel , totally worth the 20 bucks alone . xD 
Good gracious , it's nice to have internet back and type on a real keyboard . It's been a long week . I'm sure it'll take me a little while to catch up with everything , but I must compose myself first . 
I am a lover , I am a healer . I am a peacemaker , an embrace , a friend . I am simple . I am me . 
Sometimes I wish my life was like a katamari . I could roll up all my troubles and release them into the sky . ... but then there would probably be too many stars . 
I love Nendoroids , they're so cute ! If anyone bought me one of Kaito or Len , I would probably love them forever . ;____; 
Kamek is the reason Mario and Bowser are enemies . If it weren't for him kidnapping Luigi in the first place , things would be all fine and dandy . Thanks for being a jerk , Kamek . ... but I still love you , so we're all good . 
Oh dear , it seems as though I have stayed up far passed my bedtime . Which I had set for myself . How irresponsible of me . Children , do not behave like the example I have just set before you . I am Kamek and I approve this message . 
Goodnight everyone . 
Venomancer fox-form . It's about time ! Kitty is very pleased . <3 
I found a Monarch caterpillar two days ago , it was getting ready to make its chrysalis . I'm gonna go check on it today to see how far along it is . And maybe I'll take a picture . OH ! I'll totally document this . c : 
Worked the COD : Black Ops release tonight . There were tons of people . Somewhere around 25 or so lined up in-store , and the line outside was 4 store-lengths long . Plus we had awesome snacks from Applebee's and stuff . It went really well . I also got to know one of my co-workers a lot better . He is an amazing guy and I like him very much . 
What is this I don't even 
Lots of stuff to do today , I better get off and start cleaning . :V 
I'm sorry for overreacting and jumping to conclusions . I should have learned by now that doing such things is -always- a bad idea . My wholehearted apologies go out to anyone who was worried . Thank you for your concern and support . <3 
Remember : if you try any funny buisiness , more than likely you'll get a nice swift punch to the gut . ~ <3 Tsundere . Get used to it ~ c : 
<--- is actually supposed to be babysitting . >>; 
> : C 
I just ran face-first into a stick hanging from a tree in my back yard while playing with my doggies . I got angry , so I broke off the entire branch instead of just the stick itself ... Oops . 
Augh , spring-tiem allergies . I'm really sleepy . D| 
I'm feeling like pandas . 
This year , I would like things with pandas for Christmas . 
I find my useage of memes in everyday conversation quite clever . x3 
Ohhhh , Kittycat burnt herself while she was burning sticks and junk in the back yard . I think she's done with yard work for a little while . (´???`) 
" The sky is missing something . Something mysterious . Like twins . Go to earth and roll up things that come in twos . " 
Let's play the Pocky game ~ <3 
" We are Sex Bob-Omb ! We're here to make you think about death and make you feel sad and stuff . " 
I wish I had magic vegan powers without having to be vegan . 
Watching My Sister's Keeper on HBO . This movie totally blows . Leaving tomorrow , should be back by Friday . Sorry I can't reply to messages or anything , I don't have enough battery left , but I'll be home soon enough , and I'll make sure to go though everything . I promise . C : 
You know those really scary dreams that are extremely vivid and feel so real that you actually cry in your sleep ? Yeah . I had one of those last night . ; A ; 
Ai no message , shimai mano ai . Soreha subarashii , ne ? Boku wa sore ga suki desu ! :3 ( " A message of love , love between sisters . It's amazing , isn't it ? I love it ! " ) 
Just got back from Parkville ~ It got dark and cold a lot faster than I expected . D: 
Let's start a new game : Degrees of Wikipedia ! I can make it from Water Intoxification to George McFly in four steps ! 
Sometimes I wish my life was a katamari . I could roll up everything that makes me happy , and make one big beautiful star . c : 
" Today is no good , but tomorrow will be great ! Oh no , I'm too drunk ! Tomorrow will probably be no good . ( Nooo ! ) That's what life's like ... " 
No one gets my humor ' cause they don't understand my lingo ! D: 
One of the many functions of a best friend is to release you from the tyranny of conscious thought . 
Art community websites are soooo cooooool . I love all the originality everyone puts into their fan characters . It's adorable how they all look exactly the same and are all the children or love-interest of a pre-existing character . c : 
Oh , and you can't forget the furfaggotry on every single page . That's my favorite ~ 
Today was fun but now I'm very , very sleepy . Sorry I can't get on and talk more to everyone . I'm probably gonna hit the hay , hm'k ? Love you aaaaall ~ ! 
" Finish this sentence : you know you're cool when ... " you stay up until 3 a.m. playing Katamari . :3 ;;;; 
Workin ' on a profile picture for F . A . A ~ 
I want to ride a Rainbow Road roller coaster . :V 
Chills run down my spine as our fingers entwine and your sighs harmonize with mine . 
lol , man . That makes me feel funny inside . 
Congratulations to all the FHE graduates . We did it , everybody ~ I wish you all luck on your new lives . c : 
It has been a full day and now I am very sleepy . 
It's a conspiracy , maaaaan . 
My Nintendo 64 memory card erased itself again . It made me agger . I got fed up and decided it was time to just get the darn ROM on my computer . Then I can save it any time I want and never have to worry about corrupted data again . >:V 
Still getting over this cold , but there's stuff to be done ! I've got my iPod full of energizing Katamari music and I'm ready to go . Let's do some yard work ! Ok , Mr. Sunshine ! >:V 
It is Errol's birthday today ! c : And Sakura and Syaoran and also Watanuki ~ <3 
MAI WAIFU ! 
Won't be back on ' till tomorrow , guys ~ Kittycat is heading out for some fun-having and relaxation . :3 
That's just how we conduct our mirthful shenanigans , m'dear . 
" I'm weeaboo bait because I'm soooo ' kawaii desu . '" -anon 
One of these days I think I'm going to phone everyone in my contacts and inform them about my super cool , top-percentage Rattata . 
IT'S A TRAP ! 
Has anyone really been far as decided to use even go want to do look more like ? 
There's no way I can play PW without leveing up first . Imma go yonder and ... kill stuff . Y'all just have to find me next tiem we play . >:V 
Biolizard ... he's awesome and he freaks me out at the same time . He was made to be experimented on , to descover the secret to immortality . So , basically , he was created to be destroyed . Dang . I feel sad for him . :V 
Last night's storm was not -nearly- what I was anticipating . It rained for only a little while , so I got all worked up over nothing . x3 I hope everything turned out ok for everyone else , though ~ 
Youngster Joey : * calls at -2 freaking AM-* " Hey , Fawful , were you awake ? You remember my Rattata ? My Rattata is different from regular Rattata . It's like my Rattata is in the top percentage of Rattata . Do you know what I'm saying ? ... * click * ( Beep , beep ) 
Boort , boort ! We are seals . :D 
Gotta get ready to go be a guest at an art class . I'm excited ! Have to eat dinner early so I don't die of starvation later . D: 
- is probably just sleepy today . 
Love is a gift that should be accepted without reason . 
I hate when I make myself stay up late for no reason . : B 
My internet policy is to suddenly become extremely disinterested in any video that requires me to enter my birthdate . 
Open the door , get on the floor . Everybody walk the dinosaur . 
I make myself look like a crybaby worrywart , don't I ? 
I also wish that Google Maps had an " Avoid Ghetto " routing option . 
Stephen is the most amazing alternate reality man I will never know . DDDDD: 
Drowning my woes in Goemon goodness . 
Friends are angels who lift us to our feet when our wings have trouble remembering how to fly . 
Why yes , Severus Snape . I know him ; he's a good friend of mine . 
OMG , can you have a Wailord flollow you ? That's totally impossible . It would crush all the buildings . :V 
' Experience ' is a hard teacher . It gives you the test first and the lesson after . 
With the hippin ' and the hoppin ' and the bippin ' and the boppin ' . 
Dear Facebook , I made two friends today ~ ? (´?`) ? (´????) ? (`?´) ? 
" Takin ' a walk down 70's-Music lane . " 
Art blocks are no fun . > : C 
When someone says I have to do something , I always thought it was funny to reply with , " Are you sure ? That's pretty intense . " 
Oooooh , guess what Kittycat did ? She got her hair cut ! And it's colored , too . ~ It looks like fire ! :D I have a bunch of pictures to upload for you guys . I'm so excited ! ??? 
Fishing in the Asian Sea 
" My favorite Pokemon is Sonic the Hedgehog . " 
ad ;; lkahsdgfk ; akjl I feel like going out and killing someone today . Too much energy . I need to do SOMETHING ! ? (????) 
If anyone was lookin ' fer some stuff , all they'd have to do is- er , follow the spiders . 
Oh mah gosh ! Gamestop finally called back and we sent up an interview for me tomorrow at 2:00 ! I am so excited ! ??????? 
I wish I knew how to use those Mac computers . Oh well , I got around to drawing some concept art at least . : B 
Oh my goodness ~ Everyone makes me feel so happy . c : Something good may happen today ~ ... It better , ' cause I already woke up with a cold ! D: What !? I was taking my Vitamin C droplets every day . They were a 100% DV ! They failed me for the last time . Darn youuuu ! 
You're just jealous ' cause you're not my husband , too . 
" I see , " said the blind man to the deaf man on the phone . 
I feel it . I feel the cosmos ! Taurus came charging back . Moooo ! 
First you should check out my house . It's like , kind of lame , but way less lame than , like , your house . 
I've had it with these monkey fighting snakes on this monkey fighting plane ! 
I hate when you -have- to do things that really aren't worth the trouble . >:V 
There was love all around but I never heard it singing . No , I never heard it at all till there was you . 
I agree with Chu Choo . Crack IS whack ! 
Pbbbbth ! This stupid cold is messing with my sinuses and giving to me the headaches of annoyance which put me in a mood which is bad and groggy . 
Goodnight , m'loves . We shall meet again in the morrow . 
No one freaking knows how to make Kiyoteru sing right ! > : C 
" A government big enough to give you everything you want is big enough to take away everything you have . " - Thomas Jefferson 
One more week of school ~ 
My room has become a hangout spot for the chillins recently and they never pick up after themselves . > : I 
I know what -I'm- doing today ... I'm hoping it won't take too long , but you never know when you clean up after kids . 
I don't feel good . 
Going to be heading over to Sephie's today for fun and excitement ! 
Close your eyes and I'll kiss you , tomorrow I'll miss you . Remember I'll always be true . And then while I'm away , I'll write home everyday and send all my lovin ' to you . 
Yesterday was pretty fantastic ! Thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday and kept me in their thoughts ~ I hope you all have as wonderful a day as I did . Thanks again , everyone ! <3 
chillin at the only place with free wifi all week . I miss you guys . c : 
p.s. It's hard to type with an iPod ... 
It's a zebraaaaah ~ 
Oh no . Earache , what the heck !? I was feeling fine until this evening . And it's progressively getting worse . I might have to visit the doctor , but I hate going there ! ;___; 
Circle me and the needle moves gracefully back and forth , if my heart was a compass you'd be north . Risk it all ' cause I'll catch you if you fall . Wherever you go if my heart was a house you'd be home . 
Still at a loss as to what to name my fishy . I want it to be cute but somewhat sophisticated . Hmm ... looks like I'll have to browse around a baby names website . : I 
I hate those types of dreams that make you wake up several times , and each time you do , you feel destressed and can't get back to sleep forever . D: 
" Oh yeah !? Well I think ... that , um ... you should shut up . Or something . " Best comeback ever . |3 ; 
Augh . Stiff neck this morning , what the heck ? I must have slept on my pillow wrong . Hurts to move now , though , so I may not be going anywhere today . D: 
Rule #60 : When one sees a lion , one must get into a car . 
Fate brought us together , my sisters . We're bound by destiny . I love you and you mean more to me than I can ever say . Thank you for everything . 
What's a swimmer in Kanto doing with a Bidoof ? Seriously , it's kinda neat that Kanto trainers are carrying around Sinnoh Pokemon , but who takes a Bidoof out to battle while swimming ? Moron . Kantonians are stupid . lol Satoshi . ? ___ ? 
It's too bad I couldn't see your reaction when I said that ... ' cause I probably would have died laughing . 
God bless freaking America . >:V 
" Just a small-town girl , livin ' in a lonely world . Took the midnight train goin ' anywhere . " 
Affectionate little monster , aren't you ? 
I hate being home alone . Somebody come over and play with me . :V 
Kill it with fire ! 
WTH is this !? My dress is too long . Everything else is fine , but they 
got the skirt too long . I did not order it like that . It goes to like , 
my shins . Lolita is not supposed to go past the knees . What's their 
deal ? ;______; 

I think exchanging it would be more hassle than it's worth ... * sigh * Oh 
well . It's still pretty . 
Family is not always about whose blood you carry , but also who you love and who loves you . 
Glasses Bishis : Because we love that megane look ~ 
Darn it , I just knew something like that was going to happen . Why didn't I listen to myself ? Because I thought it was a good idea at the time . ? (´u__u ? ) ? * shrug * 
" Ok , well , suppose you're a pilot in a big airplane and all of a sudden all four engines stopped right away . What would you say ? " " ... Our Father , which art in heaven ... " 
It's adventure time ! C'mon , grab your friends . We'll go to very distant lands ! With Jake the dog and Finn the human , the fun will never end . Adventure time ! 
I think I'm an awesome Fawful . >:3 
Text-dancing . No , it's not possible . Don't even try . xD 
I want to hold on to you and never let go . 
Manly-man-tough-guy-hey-watch-me-kill-stuff . 
Kiyoteru-sensei ? Can you escort me to the nurse ? Um ... I think my nose is bleeding ... 
You just kissed a boom boom baby . 
I'm so in love with you , I wanna wad you up into my life . Let's roll up to be a single star in the sky . 
" Life's not about waiting for the storm to pass ... it's about learning to dance in the rain . " ~ Vivian Greene 
I want to tell everyone how grateful I am to have them a part of my life . Everyone that I once knew and everyone I know now . No matter how long or short I've known you , or what our relationship is with each other , you have helped shaped me into the person I am today . And for that I thank you . 
Never forget to take the opportunity to let someone know how much they mean to you . 
Merry Christmas , everyone . ~ <3 
" Fwiends fo ' evo ' . Fwiends since birf . " ~ <3 
Aw , it's really too bad that those two guys screwed up all friendship opportunities with one of the world's most amazing perople . Oh well , their loss . c : 
FACEBOOK is at it again ... violating your personal information : As of today , there is a new privacy setting called " Instant Personalization " that shares data with non-facebook websites and it is automatically set to " Allow . " Go to Account > Privacy Settings > Applications and Websites > Instant Personalization and uncheck " Allow " . Copy & repost . 
I'm a lumberjack and I'm ok ! I sleep all night and I work all day . I cut down trees , I eat my lunch , I go to the lavatry ' . On Wednesdays I go shopping and have buttered scones for teeeea ! 
I like making explody noises out of nowhere when I'm bored . : B 
Notch-eared Pichu can't be traded . wtf . Giratina's Griseous Orb can't be traided , either . BAWWWW ! 
I'm feeling very silly today . You better watch out , everyone . x3 
Aruba , Jamaica , ooh I wanna take ya . Burmuda , Bahama , come on , pretty mama . Key Largo , Montego , baby why don't we go down to Kokomo . We'll get there fast and then we'll take it slow . That's where we wanna go , way down to Kokomo . 
Peeta . Baker's son . Makes bread . 
... Peeta bread . 
Well done , Collins . Well done . 
What is it with people who are JUST NOW 
discovering old memes and thinking they're the most amazing thing in the 
world ? You should have lurked moar -years- ago . Caramelldansen ? 
Leekspin ? Paffendorf ? Let's try looking for -new- stuff this time , ' kay 
guys ? 
Grape juice ~ 
Timmy , 23 years old . Still living with his parents and attending the 5th grade because he doesn't want to lose his fairies . 
Yaaaaaaaaay . 
I cried after reading Messenger by Lois Lowry ... dang . The main kid , Matty , is practically me . He even has my true name . ;____; 
Got some tasty crickets for Mrs. Robinson today , who is doing very happily ~ Bah , making dinner for so many people is no picnic , but taco salad sure is yummy . Won't be on ' till later , gaiz . Sowwy . :| 
Taking a warm shower in late evenings is nice and relaxing ~ c : 
Hm , the sky is missing something . Something mysterious . Like twins . 
Baby beluga in the deep blue sea , swim so wild and you swim so free . Heaven above and the sea below , and a little white whale on the go . 
It's going to be a very busy weekend . ´ ???? 
My future is set . I will be married to an attractive , glasses , Asian teacher man who can sing and will serenade me every night . And yell at my children when they don't clean the toilet saying , You're not my child ! " and " YOU EAT YOUR RICE ! " But we will love each other forever and ever . Our families will be amazing . 
Justin Bieber must take reverse steroids to keep his voice that high . 
My gramma came over today while we were eating dinner and stayed for , like , ever . Entertaining unexpected visitors takes more out of you than one might think . D: 
Being tired and crabby makes me hate people . Maybe I should take a nap ... B ( 
Ben turned off the movie yesterday while I was at the theater . Then he showed George , who tried to do it , too . Twice . But he only managed to shut off the light to the projector . That meanie did it at the climax of the movie , too . Now I have to rent it later to see what actually happened . * grumble * 
Gotta get ready for graduation today . I can't wait to sit there for hours infront of people I've never seen and have them watch my every move . : B 
It'll be nice to have everyone together afterward , though ~ <3 
Just woke up from an awesome nap . I feel so rejuvenated . :V 
brb playing Katamari . 
I don't want to be here . I think I might run away to my happy place in the woods today and do my homework . : I 
Oh no , zombies ! And it was looking like such a nice morning . 
Been up for a little while now . Not as mysteriously exhausted as I was before , but I still feel a bit under the weather . I'll feel better by tomorrow , I'm sure . ( ?? ? ) 
I AM A PEACEMAKER ! ??????? 
Prolly not going to be on at all this week or the next . Busy getting ready for a trip for my cousin's wedding . It's stressful , and I'll more than likely be a very difficult person to get a hold of , so I apologize if I'm not around for you guys to talk to . 
I am a dinosaur , raaawr ! 
What this ? I just woke up from a dream about Harry Potter . There was this snake I stabbed , and it was bleeding profusely all over the house . Then I was in a relationship with Ron Weasley . 
... I wish I would have woken up sooner . : I 
Make sure to wear a seal hat when you visit polar bears . They will LOVE you . :DDDDD 
Smugleaf- A meme in the making . 
I have a diseeeeeeease ! 
" Those aren't even Pokemon , those are YOSHIS ! " 
Milanoo ticks me off . 
" Jaffa Cake you liar , those aren't your drawings . GTFO . " 
I wish I had enough patience with myself and my drawings to make and finish a comic . Even if it's just a one-page or six-panel kinda thing . I have so many ideas ... I just can't do it . : I 
Catch a falling star and put it in your pocket . Save it for a rainy day . 
Wow ... I finally got around to transferring my Arceus over to SoulSilver and I just witnessed it create life out of nothing . That was mind blowing .... Someone -better- have caught that on film ! Seriously , though . I like how all ? the main character does is go (!) . I wish -I- could be that nonchalant about seeing God rearrange existence to resurrect a spacetime deity . Dang . 
You know what ? I really miss Sonic . The old Sonic . How he and his games used to be . He was one of my childhood heroes . 
I'm expecting a lot from Sonic Colors . I'm hoping that maybe this will be the game that completely redeems the series . 
Fawful is a jerk . c : 
" Oh , Marceline . Why are you so mean ? " " I'm not mean , I'm a thousand years old and I just lost track of my moral code . " 
Today was interesting . Lots of ups and downs . Feels like I wrote a dang obituary earlier ( long story ) . But seeing Ace Ventura again was so much fun ; I'll always love that movie . 
Happy 7th birthday to my little brother Grant , by the way . I'm kind of excited to see what he'll get ~ c : 
Whoa , I just remembered that my dad asked me to do some things while he was at work today . Shoooot . I hate when I forget important stuff ! I should probably go do that ... 
The only people you need in your life are the ones that need you in theirs . 
I hope everyone had a happy Thanksgiving . 
I am always thankful for my family and friends . You are all a part of me and my life and have helped make me who I am . 
You know what , Nick ? You can go fall in a ditch . What with all your promises of Nintendo-playing and whatnot that NEVER happens ? Yeah , that just happened . >:V 
" I don't know the key to success , but the key 
to failure is trying 
to please everybody . " —Bill Cosby 
Oh yeah , I saw these awesome baby veiled chameleons at the pet store today . They were so cute , I wanted one so bad . But they were almost 90 bucks each . >:V 
" She's letting me borrow the movie , but I'm pretty sure she pronounced it wrong . " " How'd she say it ? " " Ta-Ta-Ro . " " No , it's To-To-Ro . She's stupid . " 
Pet-sitting for Lizy today . Had a late lunch , and now my tummy isn't feeling too great ... it's a good thing I always carry a pack of tea around with me . I'm hoping that'll warm me up and make me better . 
Whaaaaaaat is this place ? 
I'm not being negative , I am a realist . It's the way I think , get used to it . 
We're so cool , we slice bread ! 
" Karma , karma , karma , karma chameleon . " 
Wait , more like : " Irony , irony , irony , irony chameleonnnn . " ... But it just doesn't have the same ring , does it ? 
Good night everyone . 
It's hard to draw a cute-looking Venusaur . So many failed attempts so far . Maybe it was one of those one-time dealies . 
I've decided that the next anime convention I go to after Naka-kon , I will be a Vocaloid in the style of Toeto . I know that song so well I could sing it in my sleep . 
I got burnt in several places because of home-made crab rangoon . D: 
Sirius Black 10/1/08 - 1/19/11 
Rest in peace now , doggy . A lifetime of love in two years is an achievement among all animals . 
My respects , love , and prayers go out to the Durrant family . 
A week without Facebook really isn't such a bad thing . It's not so bad not having to worry about what everyone is doing all the time . Anyway , I camped at Padre Island yesterday . I think sand has become a part of my DNA ... 
I'm off to see the wizard , gaiz . Hope you all have a lovely weekend . 
We're equal . We are the same betterness . 
asfdsafdsa I'm gonna have an awesome time at Worlds of Fun today . Gonna see Stephie and Sierra after the park closes and we gonna go to IHOP for bowls of coffee . :V 
ajhgdsa I tried playing this Kingdom Hearts II game I borrowed from Gamestop and it doesn't load up past the Playstation 2 screen . I'mma see if I can fix it and then give it back ~ 
Fawful and Ponyo graced the City Museum of St. Louis with their presence this week . 
" Fawful is thinking that someone is in need of a swift kicking in the face . " 
My dress finally arrived today . It's about flippin ' time . D:< 
If I could choose my own superpower , I would want to have the ability to make everything better . You know , a world peace sort of thing ... 
Goshdangit , Silver ! WTF you doin ' going off and being Giovanni's son like it's normal , or something ? ? ____ ? 
" That's not armor ! That's 50 pounds of stupid ! " - Chu Choo 
I cant GO to Pigfarts , its ON MAARRSS . You need a rocketship . Do you 
have a rocketship Potter ? I bet you do . You know , not all of us inherited 
enough money to buy out NASA when our parents ? died . Look at this , look 
at this ! Look at it , Rocketship Potter , Star Kid Potter , Mooon Shoes 
Potter . Traversing the galaxy for intergalactic travels to Pigfarts . 
I just finished Mockingjay , the last book in the Hunger Games series . I tried to make it last as long as I could . But alas , all good things must come to an end . 
" Seize that guy , and uh , throw him out the air lock . " " What !? AHHH ! " " ... That was the wrong guy , but that's ok . I think everyone get's the point , hm ? " 
This'll be the last post Kamek and Fawful will be posting for a week . We shall be heading off in the wee hours of the morning . We've got a long road ahead of us , fellas . 
I'm hoping we can find some Wi-Fi to tap into with my brother's iPod touch every few days or so , that way I'm not -too- out of the loop . 
Love you all , and I'll miss you ~ <3 
It's been a long weekend . Forgot to call work to see what time I was supposed to be in . I was thinking , " Please don't let them all of a sudden have given me the morning shift . " Turns out it's still normal time at 5 . ( Yeeey ) 
That was a huge relief . Hope I can take a nap before then , I'm sleepy . 
Is it just me or do all the owls in that Legend of the Guardians movie look like Elijah Wood ...? 
Fawful sings a song of bad ! Mushroom Kingdom is so sad ! All of it is for 
Fawful ! And the ... rhyme ... with ... that ... 
Cleaning and cooking all day takes more out of you than you'd think . I'm so sleepy now ! 
But I had fun , too . I went to Nick's house and met some of his awesome friends . I love them ! I hope we can get together again soon . c : 
Oh , I see you noticed how extraordinarily 
spectacular I am being today . Look how amazing Fawful is . Isn't he 
striking ? Doesn't that make you jelaous with rage of jealousy ? Please , 
do feel free to have the basking in the glow of his awesome . 
I would really love a good sized tablet for a decent price . I can't even -attempt- mouse drawings anymore . They're just too dang hard . ? __ ? 
I wil sadlly be missing Re-Kon this Saturday . Have fun anyway , guys . Don't overheat in your costumes , I expect everyone alive when I get back home . 
Now I'm off to make a list and pack ~ 
Wish I could have taken a nap before work . Oh well , I just hope I'm not too out of focus today . Off I go ~ 
This virus has corrupted my purity . I'm sorry if I've said anything mean to anyone today . D: 
Know your place ; shut your face . c : 
Hm , I do not approve of going to work without a nap or food . I shall try harder to avoid that next time . 
A smart man learns from his mistakes . A wise man learns from the mistakes of others . 
Thanks for all the rain . It was really cool how my entire basement got flooded this time ... I was not anticipating this to happen . Hopefully we'll have everything back to normal by the end of the week ... 
I feel like drawing Leon Powalski for some reason . :V 
Itsy-bitsy baby chameleon ~ 
Whoa , almost lost my voice with all those sing-along songs ... 
Better be heading off to bed if I want to get well quickly . Nighty-night . 
Pbbttht . I have to clean my dang basement . Totally unfair since I cleaned it last time . By myself . >:\ 
Fabulously stoked for tomorrow . Probably too excited to sleep ! 
I should play more Katamari . 
When I'm rich , I'm gonna get a power-whitening 
treatment so my smile can be as shiny as Fawful's! 
Bahh . St. Louis tomorrow . Thank you for being a jerk , Mother Nature , lovely timing . You're the best . 
Time for bed ~ 
Tomorrow will be my last chance to put together a costume for Halloween Hallows that I'm doing with my cousin Liz . What I have in mind is pretty simple , so I hope I can get everything together in time . : I 
Played SA2B again today after a 2 year hiatus . Game data erased itself but Chao Garden is still intact , thankfully . Gonna hop over to A-ron's someday and ninja his game data onto my card . Maybe I'll raise another Chaos chao soon . 
" Be excellent to each other . " " ... Party on , dudes . " 
So I got this really awesome car . It's a black ' 94 Ford Probe . I lurve it . It needs some work , but I can't wait until it's all done . And for the snow to be gone , I'm totally not driving it in the snow . 
But I've also been reading the Hunger Games . I'm halfway through the first book . It's absolutely sensational . I think I love both Gale and Peeta . ? ´ ????? 
First day of work was pretty fabulous . I learned how to use the register and made three sales and a trade-in . Except ... I forgot to put the game in the case the first two times before they left . Woops . 
But my co-workers are awesome . They even waited with me after closing while my dad came to pick me up . Gonna love working here ~ 
Ohh , mah gosh . I'm really hoping that my illness is only because of the sudden change of weather and NOT flipping strep throat . I would feel sooo bad if I get everybody sick ... 
brb gonna quarantine myself for a while . 
It's so nice today . I love autumn rain ~ 
I am not wanting more rain ! Fawful was minding his own buisinesses , proceeding with the cleanup of the recent flooding of his lair , when all of a sudden he hears DRIPPING FROM HIS WINDOW ! He looks to see that rain is gushing like a weeping baby . All while Fawful was standing there helplessly . I was completely beside myself . Now my room looks like a destruction area . 
Fawful is getting the begennings of a headache which makes him irritable . The dampness of recent flooding in my lair has caused me untolorable amounts of unable-to-sleep-ness . I have wishing that I should at least be able to take a night-nap . >:| 
Every Facebook page I go to , something Justin Bieber-related is ALWAYS the first advertisement on the ad column . I swear . >:V 
Happy Independence Day , everyone . Let us honor the lives of those who fought to make this country free . I hope you all enjoy yourselves and stay safe . c : 
Have the final boss music for Mario & Luigi RPG 3 on loop . Awesome song , but it reminds me of Fawful . Dang . 
Hmm , my tummy feels icky and I'm very sleepy . I think maybe I must have caught some kind of virus . :\ 
Heck yeah . Just finished a drawing of the main characters from these old games I've been playing . Davy from Chameleon Twist 2 looks so cute . Much cuter than the official version . 
Maybe I'll color it if I can find a quick way to do lineart . : I 
I was trying to fall asleep , but the thought of all those comments I made it hard to even keep my eyes closed . I think I can be a bit too mean at times . I'm sorry . 
But now I feel better , so it's back to bed . Good night . 
Too much lifting of heavy objects . My arms are dying . Darn you , physical activity . ? __ ? 
Is anyone going to Anime Festival Wichita ? Or does anyone happen to know someone going ? Vic Mignogna is supposed to be a guest there , and I would ever so much like to have his autograph . I will -pay you- ( like ... 5 dollars . Sorry , I'm poor . ) to get it for me . ;__; 
Lunchtiem . I'm starved . Gonna make something extra nummy today ~ 
ANGER ! I scalded my fingers with hot freaking oil while cooking crab rangoon for tonight . I hate cooking with oil . >:V 
Gonna have blisters , I'm sure . Makes me sad . It was a sneak attack ! Oh well , battle scars , I guess . 
MAH BOI 
My thanks go to Steven for pointing out that GK-31991 has no cooling or power supply . I love your knowledge of computing . Makes me proud . ;__; 
You should totally tell me if I should change or add anything else to GK to make her more awesome . 
Let's-a go ~ 
" Farewells are bittersweet ... long as you live , you cannot escape them . To feel sadness is to live ... but as long as you are alive , the future is but a blank page . " 
I just found my boss on Facebook . Is this weird ? 
" I threw it on the ground ! " 
Listening to Disney music on youtube ( like The Lion King and such ) . I miss all these movies , but I always love singing to the songs . ;__; 
Kid Icarus : Uprising = Want . (????) ? ? 
Ohmigoodness . I'mma be staying with Chu this weekend . I'm really excited , but also so nervous ! I hate how those two emotions feel the same ! x3 
Gill and Chase , Gill and Chase ! 
Grace just said the worst thing I've ever heard anyone say about Miyazaki : " I hope he doesn't die , soon ... " 
And to that I say , " NO ! HE WILL LIVE FOREVER ! ... because he's immortal . Like ninjas and David Bowie . " 
My 
sister Grace bought Kiki's Delivery Service today on DVD . It was my first Ghibli movie and always has been one 
of my most favorites . It makes a special kind of happiness well up inside of me . 
And I've always loved Tombo ~ ? 
Joey Hill is my favorite person today . Someone go give him a high-five . 
Or , maybe I could just do that myself ; he lives only about 7 minutes away ... 
Off to bed for tonight , chillins . Been a long day and am super tired . Nighty-night mi'loves~ 
They better get a good guy to play Mr. Crocker , not someone who's horridly ugly . I would probably cry myself to sleep because of crushed dreams . xDDDD 
I found three frogs and three toads while playing outside today ~ I love hunting for amphibians . c : 
Scott Pilgrim movie next week , I'm excited . c : 
" Yesterday I had a bit of an argument with the queen about how to fold the laundry ... Today is no good , but tomorrow will be great . Oh no , I'm too drunk , tomorrow will probably be no good ( Noo ! ) ! That's what life's like ... 
Ah , Prince . Do Us a favor and bring Us a bicarbonate of soda . " 
Mapquest really needs to start their directions on #5 . I'm pretty sure I know how to get out of my own neighboorhood . 
So , I accidentally hung up on a kid last night at work while I tried holding his call ... He eventually called back , but I had my boss answer it instead . Ahaha , he should have told me how to work that thing first before he had me answering calls . Oh well , I'll do better next time ~ 
Now I am going to take a long walk and think about things . ( or just wander aimlessly around the neighborhood , huffing out vapor pretending I'm a dragon ) 
Something I haven't done for many moons . 
I found my sister's Hamtaro DVD today . I forgot how adorable that show was . I miss it ; I want to watch MOAR ! D: 
It's super nice outside today . I'm planning on going to the park and maybe having a picnic . I haven't been on one in a while , it should be fun ~ c : 
Well , turns out that some kid nicked my transforming caterpillar . I KNEW I should have brought it home when I had the chance . Anyway , I took a walk through the park to slowly release my fury . I'm making an album of the pictures I took . c : 
Going to have a living room sleepover with my little brother . We're gonna watch Ponyo ~ 
I better get that started , I need sleep . Good night , my loves ! 
Chillins have school on Thursday . It'll be the first time I've never gone ... I don't know what I'll do all day . Maybe I'll clean the house . 
I'll think about it tomorrow , but now it's time for bed . Goodnight . :3 
Rented 
Prince of Persia tonight because I hadn't seen it before . I actually 
liked it a lot . Lots of action and fighting and fire and stuff blowing up , it was awesome . Usually movies based on video games are absolutely 
horrid ( lol Mario Bros . ) , but it was really good in my opinion c : 
They lured me to their house , saying there would be Nintendo . 
... I saw no Nintendo . What is this world coming to ? 
I think I may go swimming today , which will be a nice break from working . : I 
Got a new fishy today , his name is Oliver . I thought of that name on the way home and it made me happy inside , like it was perfect ~ 
Just finished a small profile illustration sheet of my main story characters . 
That was probably a huge waste of time , so I'm going to be much more productive today , I promise . Now , off to clean something ~ 
I think Delta has Columnaris . I need to go to the pet store tomorrow and get him antibiotics . ;____; 
Hamtaro had 109 episodes in English , all of which I saw . But 296 episodes in Japanese ! Plus four OVAs AND two movies ! Do you see how much I had been missing ? I'VE BEEN LIED TO MY WHOLE LIFE ! ???? ) ? 
Thanks for holding out on me my whole childhood , Cartoon Network , and whoever else decided to localize the series . ;__; 
Oh , wow . Ever since I woke up this morning I thought it was Friday for some reason ... * sigh * Something's wrong with me . 
Bah , I'm so tired . : I 
I think I'll take a quick nap before dinner . Then it's off to Chu Choo's house . 
It's 12:00 am . A bunch of lucky miggy-figgies are at the Scott Pilgrim midnight showing at this very moment . 
... I wanted to go , too . ;___; 
OMG , power outage because of some storm . No electricity for almost two and a half days . Huge apologies to anyone who might have tried to contact me . 
But , now I have power back and all is right with the world . c : 
We're totally in Hawaii right now . :3 
I just found a bottle of vanilla extract in my room . How this even get here ? : I 
Girl Scouts this weekend . Gotta finish stuff before the end of the month . It'll be our last Owl Prowl together . ; A ; 
Just finished Zelda : OoT . The whole thing was a HUEG nostalgia trip . Made me feel warm and happy super deep down . Not much can do that nowadays . ;__; 
Joey , you make such pretty words ~ 
" It's so fluffy , I'm gonna die ! " 
Had a marvelous day . Nick arranged a surprise visit from Chu Choo and Rito at the mall . My gosh , I was so happy to see them again , I nearly cried . You all do so much for me , I'm very fortunate to have you a part of my life . ;__; 
Tonight was amazing ! Elisabeth Pinkman freakin ' got me a pet fish for my birthday . I totally want expecting that at all . I am soooo excited ~ He is a black and blue beta with red streaks . I'm trying to decide what to name him now ~ 
Dentist appointment tomorrow , so it's betiem for me . 
I been there a thousand times , but I still get nervous for some reason . Oh well , it'll be a good chance to work on some new concepts for stuff I'm working on . c : 
Work tonight . They scheduled me to stay an hour later than normal , how fun . I better be able to take a nap before then , I got so little sleep last night . I should bring some sort of snack , too , to help keep me going . 
I want to start a band now ; I'm going to call it " CAPSLOCK BUDDA " . C : 
That's what happens when you tick off an intellectual . 
I'm happy . //´u ? u ? // 
OH MY GAMMIT ! I cannot play video games in my current condition . This game should be mega simple , but I'm dying all over the place . >:V 
Now back to playing , I guess . My little brother will have me soundly obliterated under these circumstances ... 
I think things are going to be busy this weekend .? ´ ????? 
Two tablespoons of NyQuil seems like an awful lot of medicine . I hope it won't put me out -too- long , I have things to do in the morning . 
Goodnight ~ 
HEYWOAH ! I just realized ... Happy Friday the 13th , gaiz ! ??? 
OMG , that description is waaaaay too long . Seriously . tl ; dr. 
Dentist appointment went well today . They said my teeth were beautious , which is a big relief . :3 
It's my daddy's birfday today ~ We're going up to Parkville for a picnic and stuff , it'll be nice . c : 
I hope everyone else has a good day , too . 
WAITAMINUTE ! Scott Pilgrim isn't next week , it's in two days ! 
I thought it came out on the 18th for some reason . Now I'm even more excited ! :DDD 
" Nobody likes your face . Go get yourself punched , please . " 
LOL at the old woman in the elevator who said I looked " kinda pretty for a boy " . I don't know who you are , but I love you for ever , you silly old coot . <3 
Hnnng . Not feeling so great right now . I hope it's only morning sinus problems ... 
I was having this dream and I thought it was real life , so I slept through my alarm . : I 
I think I'm coming down with something . I'm super tired today . ;__; 
I don't feel like I'm going to be a very fun person today . My little brother felt sick last night and apparently I was the only one to hear him . Kept me up till three when I was -already- tired . ahgfgds I could hardly read the medicine bottle I was so tired ... 
Just got back from watching Scott Pilgrim . I wanted to see it again as soon as the credits started rolling . Second half was different from the books but I still loved it to death . 
I also had the entire theater to myself , except for an old lady . After the movie , we started talking about it and she said she liked it too . She was so nice . I love ladies like her . :3 
Whoaaaa . I am so confused . Nobody talk to me right now . D: 
" Ok , so I went inside his room the other day and- " 
" Don't you DARE tell me he had a picture of me in there . " 
Had some weird dreams last night . One of them involved being in a fortress of a McDonald's play place while trying to survive something . Another had something to do with being in the desert at night with cowboys singing some sort of song about a cat that stares at you while you try to sleep . Then a white cat with black eyes appeared and stared at me relentlessly and more stars kept forming in the sky while they sang . 
The Ovation channel is having Broadway musical week or something . They were showing Cats , and I started to watch it . It only got like , 20 minutes of my attention , though . Too much singing and too many cats . ... And not enough -not- singing . I knew there was a reason I never saw it before . Darn you , Cats . Darn you . 
Might as well say good-bye to my XBox games for a while ; my brother just got Halo Reach . :V 
I want a cute Maneki Neko to decorate my room . 
It was so hard to sleep last night . I had a dream that I slept through the entire day and everybody hated me for it because I missed my brother's birthday , and also forgot to make his cake . FFFFF- 
" Shall I give you despair ? " 
By the way , Stephie and Sierra , you guys are the best . I love you so much . ;___; 
Freakin ' found a huge bug bite on my leg . No clue as to what kind it is , but apparently I'm pretty allergic . Must have gotten it sometime yesterday . Totally explains why I've been feeling so run down and having a hard time breathing . I don't have any sort of medicine for it either , so I'm prolly not going anywhere today now . 
... brb , dying . 
I'm so giggly today . 
Allergies were killing me , I was soooo sleepy all day . Sorry , Nick . 
... But I totally got this sweet Nerf gun . Gonna do some some serious damage Saturday . You guys better watch out , I'm an assassin . :V 
But now it's bedtime . Nighty-night . 
" Narwhals ... are unicorn whales . " - Nick Shute 
Ben is free . 
Just went tromping through the snow on a sensational adventure into the wilderness with my cousin Lizy . 
I got home and found out that less than half of my limbs and their digits were registering themselves as still a part of my body . 
I thought it was only a rumor to make people sad , but I guess it was true . Flapjack really IS over ... and I just died a little inside . Only three seasons long with 46 episodes . 
I shall miss it dearly . ? ___ ? 
Things didn't work out today like I had been planning ... I was scared . I hate making phonecalls and then getting emotional . Makes me feel like an idiot . 
Nellogs saved us from the moon with a telescope . But then someone rewound time so I never got to see it happen . Now I am disappoint . 
So I guess Delta didn't make it ... 
I have the most powerful urge to bake several loaves of bread . It's almost as though my week will not be complete until I do . 
Should probably be doing something productive . 
I don't really feel like it . At all . But I need to go get things done . 
Gosh dang , I'm totally on a mean streak tonight . 
Feeling much more -not- overloaded today . A few hours of sleep does wonders on your processors . C : 
Last night I had a dream I had this awesome pet chameleon . But he kept getting lost ... Poor Leon . 
Good morning , my dream was stupid . I got kidnapped by my uncle's no-account girlfriend . Then I couldn't breathe , so I woke up . I hate those kinds of dreams . : I 
I'm so tried of having bad dreams . I swear , it's almost every night and I have no idea what any of them signify . If anything I would love to have a dreamless sleep ; at least I'd get rest . 
You shouldn't have done that . 
I'm so excited for today ; it's gonna be flippin ' fantastic ! 
Sick today . I just got high-fived in the face with exhaustion about a half hour ago ... 
Taking a nap , will be on later prolly . 
Paranormal Activity 2 tonight , chillins . Gonna be fun ~ 
Finally figured out who made all those Pokemon gijinka . His name ( screen name at least ) is Hitec . Took me forever , dang . 
Off to make an amazing chocolate cake . It shall be delicious ~ 
I just flew a solo mission and took out , like , five thousand guys . 
I have to finish shopping today . D: 
Starting to get kinda stressed because I didn't budget very well- or , at all ... - and only a week till Christmas . I'm not even half done ; I still have like , 7 people to shop for still . HGGNNNN ! I hate the consequences of putting things off . ;___; 
Word to the wise : Kisses are a big no-no in my book . Attempting to do so will reward you with a broken jaw . Good luck eating after that . c : 
Kitchen is all clean ~ Now for shower and other things to get ready for the rest of the day . Dinner guests ... I don't like having people over . D: 
Can't figure out how to make this MP3 clip less than 300KB so I can use it for my ringtone . Audacity is making me agger . 
" Sometimes you have to fall from the mountain to realize what you are climbing for . Obsticals are placed in our way to see if what we want is really worth fighting for . From every wound is a scar , and ever scar tells a story . A story that says , ' I was deeply wounded but I survive . '" 
HNNNG . Both my 
internal clock -and- calendar are mysteriously jumbled . Been waking up way too early 
and I thought it was two days ahead of what it really is . If that Nerf war isn't until later , like sometime after 3 , then I am sooo sleeping in for at least another hour . Can hardly keep my eyes open . 
Been super busy this past week , sorry to anybody who's left me messages . I'll get to them all soon . 
These 14-year-old wannabe dramawhores need to stay off Facebook . Nobody freakin ' wants to know your status . 
Your computer has successfully downloaded important updates . Please restart for updates to take effect . System Error : Recently downloaded updates has caused system lock-up . Your computer is taking too long to respond . SEKA GK-31991 EU must make immediate shutdown . Press F1 for help or F8 to start your system in Safe Mode . 
“If ever there is tomorrow when we're not together , there is something you must always remember : you are braver than you believe , stronger than you seem , and smarter than you think . But the most important thing is , even if we're apart , I'll always be with you . ” 
-- Winnie the Pooh 
Today's gonna be fantastic . I'm excited ~ 
Nick came over today and fixed one of our computers with his amazing IT wizardry . I was thoroughly enthralled . 
I had a fantastic weekend with my cousins Liz and Beka . I love being slap-happy . C : 
September 23 . Oh look , first day of fall ~ BOOM ! Automatically 30° colder . 
I'm so nervous for my Gamestop interview tomorrow , anyone have any tips for one of those ? :V 
It's been a while since I've stayed home alone . It's so quiet ... 
“Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not ; remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for . ” – Epicurus 
I got these awesome Tripp pants for mah birfday . They're absolutely fabulous ~ 
Sorry , could you say that again ? I couldn't hear your stupidity over the sound of how awesome I am . 
I wish I had a blanket that felt like it was made of a million baby kitties . They are so cuddly and warm ! >:V 
I am having an absolutely fantastic day today so far . I finally had the pleasure of meeting up with Joey Hill after school and we had an amazing chat about everything ~ 
Crystal and Nick are coming over tonight as well . I'm so happy today ! 
First day of work today ! I'm sure most of it is training , but I'm so excited ~ 
Special needs kids aren't sick or gross . They only want what we all want , to be accepted . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education Week , and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way . 
Going to clean Delta's fishbowl and change his water today . Then he will be happy again ~ 
FFFFFFUUUUUUU- I hate trying to help 4 chillins with homework at the same time . And they're all , like , asking me things all at once . And -someone- keeps yelling at me saying that I'm not helping them right . WTH ? Don't you think that a high school graduate would know how to do 8th grade homework ? Geez . Go home . 
Busying myself with preparations for tonight's dinner , which should be pretty awesome ' cause I'm making it . I'm a pretty decent cook if I do say so myself , though I don't mean to toot my own horn . But what can I say ~ 
? ´u ? u ?? 
Going to Oak Park Mall today with Nick and Collin ~ Have to remember that they have a Barnes and Noble , so I must bring my gift card and buy something . I think I get an employee discount from Gamestop , too , because they're owned by the same company . Yay for that . C : 
I'm so tired of the word " epic " ... honestly to the point of calling " Kirby's Epic Yarn " " Kirby's Adventurous Yarn " instead . ( which is a wonderful game , btw . It's so cute . And they style is very interesting . I absolutely adore the music . ) 
But really , it's gotta be the most overused word in the world . 
Mew ~ 
Doesn't anyone remember the Great Pumpkin ? Tonight , it's his moral obligation to deliver gifts to all the good little children of the world . But he is very sensitive and easily offended , thus will bypass anyone who doubts him or denies his existence . So , try writing to the Great Pumpkin and convince him that your pumpkin patch is sincere . Never ask for anything specific , but gladly accept anything he brings you ~ 
" If I was in a room with Osama Bin Laden , Hitler , and Toby , and I had a gun with two bullets ... I would shoot Toby twice . " 
I like the interference that comes through my speakers whenever I'm about to receive a text . It makes me feel like I can tell the future . 
This week has already started out slow . I'm hoping things will pick up by the time Owl Prowl rolls around on Saturday . It's my last one , and I am determined to be happy . >:V 
All it took was one doggy to make my day . 
The data on my N64 memory pak- the one I used perfectly just LAST NIGHT- corrupted and erased itself . I was already halfway through Mystical Ninja . 7 years ago I swore I would never play it again because the pak erased itself last time , too . I finally worked up enough interest to play it again , and I had JUST gotten Sasuke and saved before going into the Festival Temple . The same place it went suicidal before . 
So much snow . After I get to go sledding , just once , it all needs to go away . 
For Pokeyman Profile Picture Month , I have chosen Tentaquil . 
Yes ... Tentaquil . c : 
I haven't played Harvest Moon : Animal Parade in a long time . I went on hiatus from it after I married the Wizard . I don't even have a children yet . D: 
My chillins are going to be attractive , though . They shall have glistening white hair , just like their father . (?; ___ ;) ? 
Sheer insolence . 
Had a horrible headache earlier tonight and asked my grandma for medicine . I know she gave me Tylenol , but I think it was PM because I've become progressively sleepier since I took it . : I 
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him . – James D . Miles 
“Most of our troubles are due to our passionate desire for and attachment to things that we misapprehend as enduring entities . ” ~ Dalai Lama 
Currently trying to apply for financial aid and looking over classes for school this summer . I don't know how to do this . Too much information to process at once . I'm getting a bit overwhelmed . I'm going to have to ask dad to help me with it later . 
All this worrying is probably not helping my fever . : I 
I've been feeling much better after I took a nice long bath this afternoon . 
Still can't find a place to get reception for my phone . My apologies to anyone who might have tried contacting me today . 
Gonna snuggle up with Catching Fire for a while then head off to bed . 
So , I just found out today that my dad enjoys Steampunk , too . That's pretty cool . c : 
Ponyo and Fawful will enjoy the beach today , which is talk in 3rd person day . Because we always do this , it makes us awesome , so we will celebrate the amazingness which is us , and leave behind all you sad , jealous little cocktail weenies to mope around in your wishing that you had a love as great as ours . c : 
Oh , Fawful had the knowing of this the entire time . He just feigned the stupidity because he knew that you would come the senses of you which are stupid and invalid , and leave him alone eventually . c : 
I miss " Bowser's Inside Story " . I want to play it again ... But not until I finish " Partners in Time " . And I still need to beat Bowletta on " Superstar Saga " . Goodness . I did -not- know how to distrubute bonus points when I first started playing that game . xD ; I need to level up the bros . more . They're only on Lv . 36 . How can you beat the game like that ? * gigglesnort * 
Coloring makes me happy ~ 
