Empty . 
Happiness in slavery ? 
Merely inconsequential changes in perception . May its end be soon . 
Baileys and empty christmas-apocolypse streets <3 
Why am I awake . THE HELL IS THIS SHIT . 
Overall , worthwhile day . Thanks for the birthday wishes and such . 
Oddly , worth the time . 
Eyes of my own creation tracking my every move ~ 
I'm not up for condescending right now , so I'll just scream vulgarities till something comes to mind . 
' Did he just go crazy and jump out the window ? ' 
As with all the other failures , it's easier to just pretend it never happened . No evidence means no feelings . 
Perfection in its imperfections . 
So bloody pathetic . My condolences . 
That was depressingly uplifting . Co-existing contradictions ! Joy . 
" It's half past apocolypse , and my watch is outta batteries . " What . 
Needs a new hat . Variety is a good thing ): 
Never again ? 
No time for complacency . 
So the science 20 curriculum is looking like an Obama speech . DO NOT WANT . T_T 
Our instincts they were cringing about how we lived our lives , it didn't seem we'd lived enough to even get to diee ~ 
Is super duper sick . Do not want ): 
" HERE IN AMERICA WE DON'T HAVE TIME ZONES , WE HAVE MONSTER TRUCKS " You just made my day internets . 
Time definitely feels different . Stupid five on my clock . 
" How dare you be intolerant of my intolerance ! " 
I love erasing my hard drive ! THANK YOU VISTA :D 
Confusion . 
Nah , I think I'll just live later . 
There's a river running through the ocean . 
The unattainability is quite endearing . 
Just realized he doesn't know his new schedule ! Today's going to be a fun fun day :D 
Everything is a novelty . 
Well I was walking just a little bit sideways and you were walking sideways too , well I hadn't learned when a front door can be used . HERE IT GOES NOW . 
Hope is pointless . Make the best of what you have , and take your blows . The second you make expectations is the second you can be dissapointed . 
Stupid fence ): How dare you mar my face . 
Well . Fuckk . 
Wakin ' up dead inside of my head . 
Just go away , spring break . I'M SICK OF YOUR SHIT . 
' Teaching grief through jaded pupils ' Jeebus , just when I was almost back into the whole " school " idea . Stupid spring break . 
' And if I can't have everything well then just give me a taste ' 
why must this album be so old D: 
.. seventeen hours of sleep . D: I'ma dieee ~ 
' Now how could I opt out of this ; the sweet bliss of nothingness ' 
You may be better than us . But we're more than you . 
Please , just leave . Get out of my school , and out of my mind . 
Don't tell obviously insecure people that they're worthless . It makes you look like a total asshole . 
LOL at the mini Erebus in my computer fan . 
Fuck it , that dogfish is dead . 
Merry chocolate-zombie-platypus day world !! 
My coke is not red . WHAT IS THIS . 
Well take what you want from me , you deserve it all . 
This night is more home to me then a house ever could be . 
The better I feel , the worse it gets . 
' Cause the ships going down , all on account of the weather 
And though we'll drown there's no need to frown , cause we're all going together ' 
Now how could I opt out of this , the sweet bliss of nothingness . 
HOLY EFF IT'S RAININ ' OUR GOD IS AN AWESOME GOD ETC . 
Why you so crazy , world ? 
" i'm not suicidal , i just can't get out of bed ' 
Finally back to cowtown , as exciting as that is . 
' So change your name , just keep your face , we're temporary anyway ' 
Finally set up in vancouverland . 
FIFTEEN HOUR BUS RIDE ? YESPLEASE . 
Mouthful of blood . Happy daze . 
Kinda forgot today was the last day . Fackkk . 
Keep wearing that smile darling , the people just might look . 
All the build up and no payoff . Good job team me . 
No no no , no no no no , no no . No . 
I love living in a world where anything even slightly ' abnormal ' is considered a disease . 
' Open my eyes and close them dead , around it goes and here it comes again . ' 
Content . 
' Oh woe is he , unable to see ' 
be open to the possibility that you're a bad person . 
Cut the losses and leave them in the dust . 
Welcome back , junior high angst . 
Oh look I fell down . 
Violent colors blending and blurring 
Happy daze 
Decisively indecisive . 
You can always be the winner , if you happen to be a good liar . 
But it just isn't our luck 
So this is where I stand 
My never . 
No sleep for the weary , so we'll just lay , listening to the cars and near praying ; 
this empty room shall swallow us , head to soul . 
' we taught the mirror how to admire itself ' 
" I'm the kind of guy who just cannot help himself , it shouldn't shock you that I don't know how to feel " 
If a single word were to be removed from the english language , I'd make it ' almost ' . 
keep spinning and watch the colors fly on by 
' And I could only dream of you and sleep ' 
Right as red rain . 
' The easiest way to be happy is to be ignorant . ' 
Eyes wide , red skies ~ 
Oh man thanks for all the birthday wishes , y'all crazy folk :D 
I wish I knew how to hate you . 
twenty-seven full albums of glorious progressiveness < 3 
I giggle like a schoolgirl . 
" We are here to laugh at the odds and live our lives so well that Death will tremble to take us . " 
A question for all them Pure math 20 kids : exam is friday at 9 , Y/N ? 
I too can prove pretty much any assertion I please if I don't count all the evidence that contradicts it . 
Kayla Hanchar is the best at making pancakes ever . 
New record ! Consecutive hours vomited : 4.5 ! 
What's that , no more loud people who I don't particularly like ? :DD 
( trip was still pretty awesome ) 
Dat jewfro : I 
I am wearing a snuggie 
: I 
