Moving in 6 days . Kinda excited . 
WoOt WoOt 
ugh ..... will I ever get it all put away ? 
I was up at 4 this morning letting kelsers in :) 
Happy Holidays everyone ! 
Oh the joys of having family up and you doing ALL the cooking for the holiday 
We survived another holiday :) Hope everyone had a great one !! 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO ALL :) HAVE A WONDERFUL DAY !!!! 
Taking kelsey to Fillmore tonight ... Oh the joys of the Christmas season :) 
Have a very MERRY CHRISTMAS everyone . Enjoy the holiday with those you love !!! 
It's 8:30 and my little one's are still sleeping .... why am I up ??? Merry Christmas to all our friends and family ... We love and miss you this holiday season ! 
http://discounts.shopathome.com/?IAFCG=BjbN48VW71R/v6jxCKqh9A== 
ummm .... what to do what to do ?! 
It's my baby's 3rd birthday ! HAPPY BIRTHDAY KYNLEY !!!!! 
HAPPY NEW YEAR " S EVE EVERYONE !!!! 
how do things get posted without my doing ? I gave people angels and new nothing of it .... wierd ! 
I smelled a ninja in a hole , because that's how I roll !! 
This status is being tracked , the owners of facebook have confirmed they will send $1 to the rescue fund for the Haiti earthquake disaster for everytime this is cut and paste as a status . You only have to leave it for a minimum of 1 hour . Lets all do our bit to . It doesn't hurt anything to do it and it might help awhole lot 
If you are a parent with the greatest kids on earth , then copy & paste this . Let's give our kids the recognition they need ! I am proud of my children . 
india foxtrot yankee oscar uniform charlie alpha november uniform november delta echo romeo sierra tango alpha november delta tango hotel india sierra charlie oscar papa yankee alpha november delta papa alpha sierra tango echo tango oscar yankee oscar uniform romeo sierra tango alpha t ... ango uniform sierra ( lets see w ......... ho gets it and follows the instructions ) 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? amazing ? DAUGHTERS ? in ? the ? world ?! I <3 you KELSEY , HOLLY and KYNLEY !!! 
Like most of them on this block , the outer door was unlocked , and admittance was gained either by a key or being buzzed in by a tenant . 
If only it would snow , I would be so HAPPY !!!! 
TEE HEE HEE !!!! :) 
Is it really only Wednesday ??? 
go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Copy this in your status and what urban dictionary says about your name in the first comment . 
Moving tomorrow . Woo Hoo ! 
Kynley's doing a little better ..... still having a little bit of a struggle breathing clearly ..... making a call tomorrow . 
Another day trying to unpack ....... 
It's my Kydens's 6th birthday !! Where does the time go ? 
Please put this on your status if you know someone who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . 93% wont copy and paste this , many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste 
PLACE OF BIRTH ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence . St. George , Utah 
If you believe your Son is amongst God's greatest blessings on the face of this earth , copy and paste this as your status and give them a hug ! I ? MY SON ! 
If you have a wonderful husband that works hard to provide for you and would do just about anything for you and your family , repost this as your status and give all the hardworking men out there the recognition they deserve ... because great men are few and far in between , and I have one ! :) Love you babe 
Finally I get my rain ! Too bad we arent all moved yet . 
Entertainment of the evening ? My - Entertainment of the evening ? My 14 & 15 year old fighting over cookie dough ! 
What's on your mind ? Let's see who is paying attention .... Every single one of you are on my Friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family ! Let's see who in my Friends list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this in your status . On your mark ... get set ... GO ... I'm paying attention . 
I traded eyeliner for dark circles , salon hair cuts for ponytails and braids , long showers for hairy legs , late nights for early mornings , designer purses for diaper bags and I wouldn't change a thing ! With Mother's day drawing near lets see how many Mom's Repost this . Mom's don't care what we gave up and will continue to give up for our kids :) ... so , so true ! 
HAPPY EASTER !!! 
Says my three year old with a sniffle . . . " I think i really need my own phone mom " 
I am a wife , a cook , a housekeeper , a parent , a teacher , a referee , a nanny , a nurse , a handyman , a maid , security , and a comforter . I don't get holiday , sick pay , or a day off . I work through the day and some of the night , I am under paid and over worked now tell me that YOUR job is harder then mine . Repost this if you're a ... MOM . 
May 25th and snow . . . PERFECT ! 
Im afraid to see what the day has in store for me ! 
Every son will outgrow your lap ... but 
never your heart !!! It's " Son's Week " - if you have a son or more than 
one son who makes your life interesting and fun and CRAZY at times and 
has also been a blessing to your life , and makes your life worth living 
by just being around him , copy and paste to your status 
If you have your poop in a group , you'll have your crap together ! 
How many of you personally know all the people on your " friends " list ? Well , here's a task for you ... I want everyone on my " friends " list to comment on this status stating how we met . I mean our FIRST encounter ever . Then repost this as your own status and see what kind of results you get . Fun to read some history and remember some too 
does anyone have the text for half-price pizza at papa murphy's for today only ? 
Still waiting for blake in american fork ! Been here in the car since 4:30 with the kids . Oh my goodness ! 
If your Dad is your hero , whether you are blessed to have your Dad still with you , or if he is an Angel in Heaven , copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your dad . I have an awesome Dad that I am very proud of .... I LOVE YOU DAD !! 
I loved you the minute I heard your heartbeat . I loved you the minute you were born . Then I saw your face and fell in love some more . You were only a minute old but I knew I would die for you , and to this day I still would . When you choose to have a child you make a decision to ... allow your heart to walk around outside of your body . I love my kids !!!!!!! 
The number one leading cause of divorce is marriage . . . 
FINALLY ! I GET MY SNOW ! 
HOW LONG MUST IT TAKE ? . . . Out of the mouth of Kynley in her request of me forgetting to make her chocolate milk ! 
Just because I live with Grumpy , doesn't mean I'm Dopey !!! 
Its ten pm and snowing . . . . What better way to end my day ? Perfection ! 
TICK WARNING ! I hate it when people post bogus warnings , but this one is real . Please repost this as your status ! If someone comes to your front door saying they are checking for ticks due to the warm weather and asks you to take your clothes off and dance around with your arms up , DO NOT DO IT ! THIS IS A SCAM ! They only want to see you naked . I wish I'd gotten this yesterday . I feel so stupid .... haha !! :) 
Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I'm strong willed , independent , and outspoken , I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you're a HANDFUL then post this on your status .... I DARE YOU 
Thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , with which I will never part . God has you in his keeping , I have you in my heart . Repost ... if you have a loved one in heaven . 
THUNDER AND RAIN !!!!! MADE MY DAY !!!!! 
Look at your status , now back to mine . Now back to yours , now back to mine . Sadly , yours isn't mine . But if you stopped posting about other things and made this your status , yours could be like mine . Look down , back up . Where are you ? You're on Facebook , reading the status , your status could be like . I'm on a horse ! :) 
" The porcupine is lonely , give him a big hug ! " -The Radio 
Kill the Hate with kindness , diffuse the judgments with understanding , smother the insults with compliments and respond to sneers with smiles . Love those that hate you . It's easy to do what's popular , Being different is what's hard , but If you're not , how will the world ever find you ? Live life to the fullest ? ? ? ... 
Does anyone have a copy of the hunger games my daughter could borrow for school ? We cant find it at the libraries ! Thanks 
Thunder - lightening - rain ! Can it get any better ? 
OH HOW LOVELY IS THE RAIN ! 
'' if at first you don't succeed , destroy all evidence that you ever tried!'' 
It's almost midweek !!!!!!! Woo hoo !!!! 
Went to the Pony Express Days Rodeo with the family tonight .... had a great time !!! 
I just love the wintery weather for this beautiful May first ! 
Scroll to the bottom of your Facebook page where it says in little blue letters , " English ( US ) . " Click on it . When the language box pops up , click on the arrow next to " English ( US ) and select " English ( Pirate ) . " When you've stopped laughing , paste this as your status . 
How can a 6 year olds room get so messy ? 
I have an extremely mature 14 year old who would love a summer job ..... she loves to babysit :) Let me know if anyone is interested !!! 
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL !!!! 
Father'sDay is approaching . If yellow roses grow in heaven , Lord pick a bunch for me . Place them in my father's arms and tell him they're from me . Tell him that I love and miss him , and when he turns to smile , place a kiss upon his cheek , and hold him for awhile . Remembering him is easy , I ...... do it everyday , there is an ache in my heart that will never go away . If your dad is in heaven , copy and post 
After melting two bags of chips which i was stashing in the oven . . . Kyden says " well , guess we can have barbeque chips anyways " 
Kyden " is there really only 3 more days til Christmas ? " Me " yep " Kyden " YES YES YES !!! " 
Highlight of my day ? Gawking at refrigerators at Llowes ! Lol 
My three year old has decided that using the potty is pretty cool . . . For today anyways . . . We will see what happens tomorrow ! 
I pick Kyden up from school and he proceeds to tell me about his '' seat enemy " ! A seat enemy . . . Really ? Lol 
GO BOSTON ! 
That was one awesome storm ! We need more of those ! 
Fillmore here we come ! Should be fun in the snow ! 
Sitting in the back seat of the car with Bodey driving-a stick shift none the less-Kynley says " he made it tickle my butt ! " 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE !!!! 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone ...... You're all awesome ! :) 
is ...... Oh crap , I forgot ..... Oh ! Got it again .... Dang it , it's gone ..... Oh ! - Sigh- Never Mind ..... 
Finally ! Got the yard mowed and all the weeds pulled . . . Didnt think id ever get it done . Now to redo the house :) 
This will only fun if you're honest about it . Right when you read this , type the first word that comes into your mind . Not the second one , the first one . GETTING ready ??? GO ! 
Typical isnt it ? Always waiting on a man ! 
.... everytime I feel the urge to workout , I lay down til the feeling passes !!! 
" Shoooooot ! I forgot his nuts !!!! " 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone who needs a smack upside the head . Lets raise awareness !! 
.... Is going to fly off into the rainbows with the polka dot zebras and the crazy blueberry chickens !!! see you there ! 
Theres no place worse to be than a car lot with kids when the car lot people are a**es ! 
Sitting at the dinner table eating pasta shells . . . . . Kyden holds one up to his ear and says ' How come i cant hear the ocean ? ' 
Psychic Fitness Challenge : Don’t weigh yourself for a year . At the end of the year , guess your weight . Hint : Pants falling down = weight loss . Pants 3 sizes larger = weight gain . Who needs a scale ? 
Remind me to NEVER go to southern utah in july again ! 112 degrees is way too hot ! 
Wishes it was possible to record some conversations so when people say you said certain things , you could hit replay and prove them wrong ... 
Nothing like a tremendous amount of rain along with lightening and thunder that shakes your house ! 
Who knows me best ?? Full name , Age , Birthday , Favorite Color , Bestfriend , Nickname . Copy this to your status and see who really knows you ... 
So day number 2 with Kyden wasn't any easier ..... but it can only get better from here . Right ? 
Dont you just love it when your onstar gps doesnt know the way either ? 
Hello dear fillmore . . . How are you tonight ? 
Took my teenage kids driving . . . A stick shift even ! They both did GREAT ! 
Will it ever end ? . . . . 
It may be 10 pm- but hey its our first home cooked meal in two weeks ! Tasted pretty good :) 
Women are angels & when someone breaks our wings ..... We simply continue to fly .... On a broomstick ..... We are flexible 
Cop Out is one of the funniest movies EVER ! 
YARD SALE AT 8652 JEFFERSON DRIVE In eagle mountain tomorrow saturday 9-18 from 9am til 3 . 
Its off to mow i go . . . What better way to end the day ? Lol 
YES ! I finally got my snow :) 
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE ! WELCOME 2011 ! 
So my little man Kyden started first grade today . He did great til we actually got to his classroom .... then the tears started :( About a block from the school Kynley tears up and says she is just crying a little bit cuz she misses her brother and wants to know if we can turn around and get him . Too cute . 
IF THE BROOM FITS . . . . . Ride it ! 
Memory 
Wall " : memory of every cancer patient , family of a cancer patient , 
family member , and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and 
those who continue to conquer and have conquered it ! Put this up for 
1-hour if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and 
...... paste . I did . Will you ? 
Oh wait those arent geese ! 
I AM AN UN-APOLOGETIC AMERICAN : " I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the republic for which it stands ; one nation under GOD indivisible with liberty and justice for all . " I grew up reciting this every morning in school ; it is a shame we no longer do .. for fear of offending someone . Now let's see how many Americans will re-post this and not care about offending someone ! 
Happy Anniversary to my husband of 8 years ! It's never a dull moment with you ! Love ya 
Lindsay Lohan , 24 , is all over the news because she's a celebrity drug addict . While Justin Allen 23 , Brett Linley 29 , Matthew Weikert 29 , Justus Bartett 27 , Dave Santos 21 , Chase Stanley 21 , Jesse Reed 26 , Matthew Johnson 21 , Zachary Fisher 24 , Brandon King 23 , Christopher Goeke 23 , and Sheldon Tate 27 are all Marines that gave their lives this week , no media mention . Honor THEM by reposting ! 
Its snowing ! Yeah ! 
" kelsey , theres the hobo !! " -kyden 
As if moving isnt bad enough-gotta have an allergy attack too ? 
Gotta love have little kids . . . . Done trick or treating by 8pm ! 
If your Dad is a hard working Man and is and ALWAYS will be Your HERO , Helped You NO MATTER how Bad You were or was just the BEST DAD EVER , if Your BLESSED to still have Your DAD or if he is an angel in Heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are PROUD ofYOUR DAD . You can replace a lot of people in life , but you only have one DAD !!! 
HELLO FILLMORE . . . . . ! 
Hot and yucky today :( 
THUNDER AND RAIN ! MY DAY - THUNDER AND RAIN ! MY DAY IS GREAT ! 
Yay ! We made it home from fillmore ! 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only FOUR words , what would you say to me ? ( NOTE : if you comment you gotta copy and paste this in your status ) -fair is fair- play along ! 
Pretty good when your four year old breaks her bracelet and tells you to get some duct tape to fix it . 
Yay ! Its snowing ! 
Please put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who suffers from stupidity . Stupidity is real and should be taken seriously . You could be sitting next to a sufferer right now . There is still no known cure for stupidity and sympathy does not help . But we can ... raise awareness . 93% won't copy and paste this because they don't know how to copy and paste . 
Just another day packing boxes ! Gotta love it ! 
Talk about a WINTER WONDERLAND ! 
Snowflakes ! 
If i cant have snow . . . . fog is a good second choice for me ! 
Holidays are tough ....... wish heaven had a phone .... so I could hear your voice again . I thought of you today ... but that's nothing new . I thought of you yesterday and days before that too . I think of you in silence and often speak your name . All I have are memories and pictures in a ... frame ....... repost if you have someone in heaven that you truly miss and love ? ? 
On the road again . . . To fillmore we go ! 
Let's see who is paying attention . Every single one of you are on my friends list as a result of a conscious decision . I wanted you there ! I am not only glad to count you as friends , but also family . Let's see who on my friends list actually pays attention . Copy & paste this as your status . I'll be watching to see who really does cherish family & friendship . Thank you for being part of my life !!.. 
Doesn't make much sense , does it ?? : Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised . Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first . 1% will re-post and 99% won't . Have the guts to re-post this . I KNOW I'm in the 1% 
" Its pretty bad when you have to snow shovel your car . . . " 
Happy Birthday to my Sweet Kynley ! Can't believe my baby is 4 ! Love you sweetheart ! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO KYDEN ! Hard to believe my little guy is 7 today . What a wonderful seven years it has been ! I love you bud ! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY DAUGHTERS ! 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? 
? If you miss someone that's in heaven , put this as your status !? 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY WONDERFUL DAUGHTER KELSEY ! 
not having you would be like not having a forehead . i’d still be able to do stuff but i’d definitely feel like i was missing something 
I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND TO THE REPUBLIC FOR WHICH IT STANDS , ONE NATION UNDER GOD , INDIVISIBLE , WITH LIBERTY AND JUSTICE FOR ALL ! I GREW UP RECITING THIS EVERY MORNING IN SCHOOL WITH MY HAND ON MY HEART . WE NO LONGER DO THAT FOR FEAR OF OFFENDING SOMEONE !!! LET'S SEE HOW MANY AMERICANS WILL RE-POST THIS & NOT CARE ABOUT OFFENDING SOMEONE ! 
Saphire Silver Ridge 
SNOW !!!!! YAY !!!! 
No one will get this 100% right ! My middle name_____ , my age___ , my favorite soda________ , whose the love of my life ? _______ , my best friend____ , my favorite color______ , my eye color______ , my hair color_______ , my favorite food________and my moms name_________ !!! Put this as your status and see who knows you best ! 
Walking through smith's and i run into a display and knock it over . What does my 4 year old immediatly say ? " Nice goin ' mom . " 
Kyden's riding his bike down the sidewalk today and the chain falls off , he loses control and crashes . Out of his mouth comes " We have a bike that really sucks !!!! " 
Kyden talking to his dad pointing to apartment buildings . . . . ' dad are those condoms or apartment buildings ? ' 
Banana ... 
SENIORS TEXTING CODE ... ATD .. At The Doctors . BFF .. Best Friend Fell . BTW .. Bring the Wheelchair . BYOT .. Bring Your Own Teeth . FWIW .. Forgot Where I Was . GGPBL .. Gotta Go Pacemaker Battery Low . GHA .. Got Heartburn Again . IMHO .. Is My Hearing-Aid On . LMDO .. Laughing My Dentures Out . OMMR .. On My Massage Recliner . OMSG .. Oh My ! Sorry , Gas . ROFLACGU .... Rolling On Floor Laughing And Can't Get Up . TTYL .. Talk To You Louder ! LOL !!! 
BREAKING NEWS : The Pity Train has just derailed at the intersection of Suck It Up & Move On , and crashed into We All Have Problems , before coming to a complete stop at Get the Heck Over It . Any complaints about me , can be forwarded to 1-800-waa-aaah with Dr. Sniffle Reporting LIVE from Quitchur Whining . If you like this , re-post it . If you don't .. suck it up BUTTERCUP ! 
I smelled a ninja in a hole because I'm cool like that !!! 
Just a bit of info . . . DO NOT go to southern utah dvring the spring if you are prone to allergies ! It really sucks ! 
So glad to be home ! Theres a reason i live in northern utah not southern utah ! 
Dear snow , You have made - Dear snow , You have made my day ! Please stay for a while :) 
Life has to be a little nuts , otherwise it's just a bunch of thursdays strung together . 
5 DEADLY TERMS USED BY A WOMAN . 
( 1 ) FINE -this is the word women use to end an argument when they know they are RIGHT & YOU need to SHUT UP . 
( 2 ) NOTHING -means SOMETHING & u need to be WORRIED 
( 3 ) GO AHEAD -this is a dare , not permission DO NOT DO IT . 
( 4 ) WHATEVER -is a woman's way of saying F**K YOU . 
( 5 ) THAT'S OK -she is thinking long & hard on HOW & WHEN you will pay for your mistake 
This was my conversation with my 4 year old . " Mom are you going to die ? " " Yeah , someday . " " Mom , am I going to die ? " " Yeah , someday we all will . " She responded , " Aweeee , Im gonna miss myself . " 
My curfew was the street lights and mom didn't call my cell , she yelled " time to come in " . I played outside with friends , not online . If I didn't eat what my mom made me then I didn't eat . Hand sanitizer didn't exist , but you COULD get your mouth washed out with soap , and your butt spanked . Repost if you drank water out of a hose and survived . 
A little game : This week it would be nice if everyone changes their profile picture to a flower that starts with the same letter as your first name . We will have a wall full of flowers !! Welcome Spring !! It's a Laurel !!! 
