Bout to go get all my hair chopped off . Hope the sis doesnt take off too much ! 
Ahh ... peace and quiet , everyones in bed , now for some Me time . Tomorrows a busy busy day gettin started early . 
its been eleven years and not a day goes by that yall are not missed . R.I.P. Lynn Gaspard , Christa Moore & Baby . 
House is clean and laundry put away . Whoo Hoo ! Now time for a bath before gettin Cole . 
back from the beach . Had a blast with the kids except there was too much seaweed ! about to go eat some chinese . yum-o ! 
Well the backyard is flooded so unless it dries by tomorrow we will have to postpone the campfire . So i guess i need to figure out whatelse we can do instead . Hmmm .... 
Im soooo excited . Ive got Eclipse !!! Its bootleg but its great quality . I love you Marcus ! 
I have seen coons , possums , and rabbits dead on rubber plant road but never in all my 27 yrs have i seen a dead deer til today . Wow ! 
cookin pork a bobs and a cold one in my hand . yummy ! 
well we didnt win :( but theres always next yr . Now its time for a cold one , or two , or twelve ! Ahhh ! 
" Why is it called a Jeffery ? " .... " Cause who could be scared of a Jeffery ? " ... Lmao ! :) 
Omg ! This first pecan is driving me crazy !!! 
Why oh why am i still awake . come on sandman get your ass to movin ! ive got things to do later today and im not gonna be in a good mood if i dont get some rest . 
Opening yestardays mail and what do i get ... an invite to a christmas party . They know who me and the hubs r but i have no clue as to who the hell they r . Never even heard of these folks . What ??? 
Might as well start packin up the house ... At least takin all my pics out of frames . ugh ! You never know whats gonna happen . Maybe by Nov i can put it all back . I hate hurricanes and tropical storms but a least we get a few days warning unlike tornados and earthquakes . 
Out lookin for the pecan festival treasure ! Cross your fingers :) 
Had a blast at my sister n brother in laws halloween party last night ! I think the best part was dressin my dad up in drag ! Lol . Although the drag part wasnt bad it was the no mustache !! ( ms ? ) Second time in my life to ever see that . 
its safe to say that im gonna get my pay back if hes anything like me . i love this song ! 
Layin n bed with my honey gettin ready to watch a movie and playin with my new phone . 
Today is gonna b a great day . Bunco nights are always good ! :) Lets hope i didnt use up all my luck yestarday . 
Bbqing drinkin beer and hangin with Marcus and my hubby . 
Ooops ! today is NOT the homeroom mom meeting . i feel like such a dumbass , its tomorrow mornin . lol ! Apparently im not really awake this am . :) 
Whoo hoo ! I got co-chair for Homeroom Mom . Cant wait to start on the Halloween Party ! This is sooo much fun ! 
Moochy came home !!! Guess he realized the grass isnt so green on the other side , that or he was just cold and hungry . Bet he doesnt try that again til summer . Lol . 
Cole leaves in an hour and a half to go to his dads for a week . I dont want my big guy to leave and neither does sister . She wont know what to do with herself . 
Waiting at walmart til 5am so i can check out . Baskets loaded and ready ! Mom and i borrowed lawn chairs from sporting goods sittin in an empty isle . Lol . Dear 5am hurry up i like my sleep ! 
You know your old when you get excited about a new dryer . Woo hoo ! 
okay folks , what should i do . goin to lafayette for 4 days by myself . chris wants me to take the gun but i have no hand gun license . mom says no too risky . do i chance it ? 
Dont you just hate when you do something stupid in anger like kicking a big tub of christmas lights and hurt yourself ? Well i think my big toe is broke . Ouch ! 
Schools out . house is clean . Time to grab a cold one . Ahh ! 
im missin my bunco bitches :( wish i was there . 
headed to the boy scout council meeting . u owe me Reo !! Lol . 
I love Bunco nights !!! 
cant wait my big guy comes home tomorrow . Rae will be sooo happy ! Then Sat . its off to Texarkana to pick up uncle Clint . 
Sittin by the fire lovin this weather ! Bless the broken road ... 
Had a blast in the bayou yestarday . Gotta be an adult today so its time to clean house wash clothes and get an idea whats for dinner . Ugh . 
leavin for training on sunday is gonna be more like a mini vacation . no kids , no hubby , no pets , no cooking , no cleaning for 4 days .... this rocks ! hope chris can handle it :/ 
Headed to Casa Ole for mararitas with the hubby , Michael & Kira . 
Doctoring my body surfing rash . Tried to teach Cole how to but i think i may have made it look a little painful . Lol . 
Taken Rae and Maddy swimmin at my aunts with the hubby . 
What !?! Another 3 pages and 240 ? ' s Are you kidding me !, u didnt get it all in the 20 pages last night ? 
Getting the last few things together for Coles End of the Year party tomorrow . Being homeroom mom has really been fun this year . 
sittin in the bayou for alainas first birthday . 
about to bring Raeleighs friends home and head to the graveyard . R.I.P. Lynn , Christa & Baby Kendall 
Happy 3rd Birthday Trytin ! 
Come on 6pm , its Bunco Night ! 
He wants to go by the " paperwork " but its amazing ( not that shocking really ) that after 7 1/2 yrs he still doesnt have his own copy and wont take 2 sec to call for one , then gets mad because i can multitask and read . Thanksgiving holidays start at 3pm when schools out . He would have known if he had taken the time to call or show for his 2 hr visit on thurs . Haha dummy u drove down for nada ! Roflmao !!! 
Whoo hoo ! leavin for Lafayette on Sunday !!!! 
waitin on the hubby to get home from work so we can head to the beach ... But in the meantime i need to get some dads day gifts bought . Hm ... what to get ? 
made it to Texarkana ! Whoo hoo ! Bout to go eat some Outback . Yummy ! 
Gumbo and cheesecake at moms tomorrow ! Cant wait ! Yum-o ! 
kickin a ** in dominos with the hubby , Marcus and Chris . 
Whoo hooo ! I love Bunco nights ! Question is ... Do i bring the hot damn or not ? Hmmm .... :) 
Hmm .... :) 
Headin tothe bayou n bout an hr . Congrats Brent and Brandi on ur " lil bun ! " cant wait to see you guys . 
Wondering if the past four years has really been worth it all . I just dont know what to do anymore . :( 
Cant wait to see all my Bunco Bitches and open a cold one . I definately deserve it ! Woo hoo !! 
Waitin on Rae's bus then headed to the library for more research . 
Wow , a 2nd grader and pre schooler . And neither of the kids gave me any trouble gettin up or gettin ready . then again the bus hasnt come for Raeleigh yet !?! 
Livid , pissed and angry ... and im bout to blow !!! WTF !! 
Taken Cole and Raeleigh to the beach tomorrow gonna get some " big guy " time in before he leaves for another week :( 
Rain rain go away come again ... Never ! Just go away ! Ugh . 
I love being Santa !!! Its sooo much fun ! Merry Christmas Everyone !!! 
So im at the park finishin the treasure maps for boy scouts , midway thru one im countin steps look down and what do i find but a used rubber ! Ugh gross ! Coming early in the am with gloves and a garbage bag to clean . Glad i found it before one of the boys , " oh look a balloon ! " . That would have been way too many ? ' s way too early ! Lol 
Gettin ready for Raeleighs 4th birthday in a few weeks . I cant believe my baby isnt a baby anymore ! :( Both kids will be in school . What am i to do with myself ?? 
boy scout derby races today . wish us luck . 
waitin on the hubby to get home from work then its off to the beach . Whoo hoo ! 
Whooo hoooo ! PNG won !!! Hope u got to play tonite Travis ! Congrats Cuz :) 
Pickin up tickets for WWE !!! Cole is super excited , im super excited for him !!! Cant wait for 7:30 and i get to see John Cena !!! 
NOBODY IS GONNA PUSH ME AROUND ! IM A HANDFUL !! Unforutunately most women wont re-post this . Im strong willed , independant , a bit outspoken and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control & at times hard to handle . But if you cant handle me at my worst you sure as hell dont deserve me at my best . If your a handful , re-post . I dare you ! 
Kids gone to school , hubby gone to work , ( finally ) house to myself ! Ahhh ! Now if i could just quit feelin sorry for Greg .... he asked Cole last night if he wanted him to come back today and get him for the weekend and Cole said " No " but finally said okay after i coerced ( ms ? ) him . Greg got teary eyed . :( Kinda sad , but hes done it to himself . 
Has anyone else noticed this ?... our PNG mini reunion is to be at Dream Street !?! Really ? Lmao ! 
My kids are awesome ! They let me sleep in til 11:30 , then again they slept in also ! Lol 
Pissed , hurt , and sad ..... i cant ( but can ) believe he lied to Cole again . He was rather upset :( 
so the 3 homie G's and Rae were up til 5am , how the hell are they already awake . i need more sleep ..... 
Listen up , if ur gonna become a Dr at least do it for the patient care and because YOU really care , NOT because u wanna make money ! Thanks to some really incompitent Drs we have here in good ole S.E. Texas Ive just received some heart breakin news about my grandma that could have probly been prevented two yrs ago now its at stage three and posibly spreadin :( .... 
You know how to wake up Lady GaGa ?........ Pokerface ! lmao ! 
Well that went better than i thought it would . Apparently he is daydreaming even with meds . Ugh ! Y cant we get this shit strait . * sigh * :( 
Ahh ... finally home ready to relax 
So Cole puts PJ's on and their at least three times too small and says " What ? At least Ive got some on ! " LMAO !! 
ahh ... finally home . 
Good Morning world ! Headed to Woodcrest for the homeroom mom meeting . Then home to plan the events . Yea ! 
WWE was awesome !!! Cole had a blast ! Got to see the sexiest man aka John Cena !!! Mmm .. Mmm ... Mmm . Sorry i missed ya Christina :( maybe next time . 
Okay that was brutal ! i just now finished the paperwork ... even my elbow hurts . Now to get ready for boyscouts ! 
Holy crap ! fillin out papers for Coles dr appt and there r 20 pages ! pregnancy , infancy , sat alone ? okay people ... ive had another kid and slept since then . lol 
Y is it that it only rains at 3 when schools gettin out ? Ugh ! 
There are many things in life that will catch your eye , but only a few will catch your heart . -Ben Crenshaw- 
The most important things are the hardest to say , because words diminish them . -Stephen King- 
Witches Brew with my a Bunco Bitches ! Cant wait ! 
Just got all my hair cut off . Thank you T-Leigh ! My head feels so light now . Lol . Pics up soon . 
Long busy day ahead ... payin bills , Coles dr appt at 12 , shoppin at Sams , Dillons comin to spend the night with big guy , and a birthday party at 6 . Im already tired . 
I just did something i thought id never do ..... a spit shake with Cole . Lol . Y oh y does it have to be spit ? Whats so special about spit ? Y not just a regular shake ? 
Cleanin house , then gettin ready for a night by the fire ! Trytin will be so happy :) 
Opps ! Ive had a few ! Lol :) 
I take Snow and leave for five min to pick up Cole and a ( probly 3mth old ) kitten jumps out from under the couch ! WTH ? To top it off Raeleigh saw it . CRAP ! Now we have another cat . Yes people that makes five pets . Ugh ! 
Poor Rae , we put up the Christmas tree last night and she wakes up this mornin so so sad cause she thought Santa was coming last night :( 
Sittin at Pappadeaux's for my cuz 21st birthday . love you Amy ! 
I love chinese food ! Sun Wok is awesome ! 
At Cole's school for the Veterans program . 
Bout to head to the park with my handy dandy compass to make treasure maps for boyscouts . The boys r gonna love this ! 
Waitin on Rae to get home from school then takin Trytin for a walk . 
I think it hilarious that in my uniform people think im a cop . Kids drivin either slow down or turn to get outta my way or u can tell they r holdin their breath ... hmm got pot ?, makes for a faster commute tho . Lol 
Wow , the father in law just pissed me off soooo bad . Ahhhhhh ! Im sooo happy this is the last night to work with him . 
Watchin Kitchen Nightmares ..... makes you really wonder bout all the restaurants uve ever been to . dont think i will be eattin out anytime soon . 
wishin i had a cold one in my hand :( gotta wait til Thurs tho . Boo hoo ! 
Go ahead and be Stupid . If this is how its gonna b then im done . With a capital " D " ive been thru worse and I'll still come out on top . 
Just got done with all my christmas cards . I hate it when you get really cute cards but the envelopes taste like crap ! 
Got lots to do and i cant even begin til thursday . Ugh ! Hurry up Father time get a move on it . 
Thank you Spring for ur abundance of mosquitos on this fine February morning . My skin appreciates it a lot . 
Damn ! Justin Beibers dad is hot ... just sayin . 
Waitin on 6am then 5 days of rest . Aww man are u kidding me its gonna rain three of the five days im gonna be off !?! Well i guess no carpet cleaning this week . Damn and i was really really lookin forward to that . 
fell asleep at 5:30 last night didnt wake up til 5am . man i really needed that after being up for like 30 something hrs . lol . now to get started all over again , got lots to do before Sat !!!!!!!! Whooo Hoooo !!!!! 
getting things ready for the Boyscout Blue and Gold Banquet tonight . Congrats Wolves U made it to Bears !!! 
washin clothes and cookin 9 diff meals for the family for next week , poor kids r tired of corndogs , fries and mac n cheese . Wishin i had started some of these meals a few days ago . im such a procrastinater . 
back from Hobby Lobby , got all the stuff for the kids Easter parties and Bunco to make , going to bed , my shift starts tonite . 
going to the big house , my guys cooked me dinner , how sweet . its hamburgers but hey beggars cant be choosers . lol . yum-o 
oooooh noooo !!! Im so sad :( Chris just found our cat Gwen squished in the road in front of the house . guess i will have to tell the kids in the morning . Thanks Jeff for takin care of that for Chris so the kids wont know yet . 
WTF ??? R U kidding me ??? Really ??? this is a freakin joke , so ready to go postal . smdh 
what lies before us and what lies behind us are tiny matters to what lies within us . 
Had a blast with the Wolf Pack but im glad to be snuggled warm in my bed . It was freezing . Poor Rae got in the way during baseball and took a hit to the cheek :( Hopeing it doesnt turn her eye black , dont think it will tho . * fingers crossed * 
Well i didnt have to crack any heads , so i guess thats good . lol . ( jk aunt andy ) But Coles teacher very much understands me now . 
The best part of having an Ex is not having to care . It no longer matters what they want , think or feel . Its not about him anymore . Its about what hes left behind like a child and whats best for that child . God give me the strength to do what i have to . 
this is the worst morning ever !! i still havent been to bed and its gonna be a bit before i can , next on the list is Bmt then bed hopfully by 11 , then birthday party at 2 in Orange , then back to work at 6 . my poor family , im gonna be soooo grouchy later . sorry guys , i love you . 
Done with Cole's Christmas party . Now to go do Rae's . Then home to figure out what to make for the cake bake at boy scouts tonight ... Any ideas ? 
im so ready to hit my bed , 36 hrs + no sleep = hurry up 6 am !!!!!!! And for the love of god and all thats holy anybody calls my phone after 7 am ... this is ur warning ... it wont be pretty ... unless ur dying , then i might make an exception . lol 
Havin one of those nights where every song on the raido 

havin one of those nights where every song on the radio , no matter what station , it seems to be talkin directly to me . 
bored out of my mind , glad ive only got one more day out here . 
i hate when u know the name of the book ur looking for but cant remember the name of the author . oh yeah and it was like 10yrs ago when u read it . any web suggestions on how to find it ??? 
ugh ! wth ! someone keeps hacking my account , i just changed my password two days ago and all they do is play my truth game ????? and its always bout an hr before i even wake up ???? 
gettin ready for work , last night of this stretch then 7 wonderful days off . come on 6am . i miss my kiddos . 
Raeleigh and I made a HB sign to hold up in the bus window as she passes Nonni's house . It is so cute . Happy Birthday Momma ! 
tired of all the games people play . wish i would have seen it sooner . it makes me sad people cant be real anymore . 
Whooo Hooo !!! ive got a job finally . now i need to find out when i leave for training in lafayette . 
bout to head to Sam's with my bestie Jamie . Thanks Aunt Kelly for watching the kiddos . Then its off to see Daniel and get my new tire . 
The upside to takin an unexpected swim was i found $20 on the side of the road :) 
cleanin house while the 3 homie G's play video games , cant understand y they wanna b inside on a gorgeous day like today , then again im the one who hasnt seen daylight in 9 days lol , thinkin Snow is bout to get a bath even if the water is a lil cold .... she'll live . 
the house ive been lookin at for a yr is finally up for rent again and now she's not even gonna do first come first serve ? wtf ! well i guess if shes havin an open house at 4 tomorrow to take applications then my ass is gonna b camped out on the porch at 2pm , with snacks and drinks . This house shall be MINE !!!! 
getting ready to barbeque and get my drink on . thinkin its gonna be a Jack nite , Jeff done gave me an itch for it . 
had a great nite with my baby and my peeps ! Bbq was awesome . and Jack did me just right tonite . lol . its been too long since he and i hooked up :) 
bout to make a picnic and go camp out on MY new front porch . thinkin if anyone shows up early like me ima pretend im the home owner and tell em its already been rented . buahahahahaha !!!! Think it will work ???? 
Well im here , blocked the whole driveway with my jeep and i havent had to send anyone away .... yet ! Hahaha ! 
Omg ! R u kidding me !?! Its now 425 and she nor anyone else has showed up . WTF !!!!!!!! I want My house !!!!!! Ugh . Heartbroken :( This is so my luck tho . 
Well it looks like ima b camped out again on " My " front porch today , hopefully the landlord shows up this time . Keep ur fingers crossed for me ! 
For a yr now that landlord has said pets r okay as long as they r outside , now she says no pets . smdh . wtf ever ! i give up . Crushed :( 
at the eye dr for my yrly exam and Raeleigh just let out a " Step Brothers " size fart in a crowded waiting room . ROFLMAO !!!! She would have made her brother so proud ! 
Can't wait to see my Bunco Babes tomorrow !!!! The menu is ...... Bangers N Mash and Green Grog Punch !!!!! Hope u ladies r ready !!!!! 
Whatever you give a woman , she will make it greater . Give her sperm , she will give you a baby . Give her a house , she will give you a home . Give her groceries , she will give you a meal . Give her love and she will give you her heart ! So if you give her crap , be prepared to receive a ton of shit . Hope to see every girl on my friends list repost this ! This gave me a good laugh this morning : ) 
Getting my hair cut !!! I love these days ! 
Had an interesting weekend , Cole punches Greg Fri ., and Raeleigh has gone totally boy crazy , started with the bow now its gone to the toes(its cold no sandals sweetheart ) and nails . She even told my mom " i told the girl Kashton likes that he dont like her he likes me . " Lol . Omg this is way to early ! 
On the way to md anderson with my grandma . glad ive got the chance to spend some time with her . 
Oh my .... poor head . Im getting too old for this shit but i love hangin with " My " home boys and Candace . Lol 
Gettin ready for parent teacher conference . This should be fun . I kept my mouth shut last yr when things pissed me off cause i didnt wanna be that mom that every teacher dreads to deal with . But not this yr ! I told them he didnt have meds Thurs tried to keep him home teacher says " no go ahead and bring him he'll be okay . " Does anyone else see a prob with a 75 on a test that day ? Or a 40 for that matter ? 
Wish it didnt have to be this way but .... guess the vidor health department is gonna be getting a call from me in the am . Better clean up the house Gregory or fix whatever ya need to . 
Crawfish Etouffee ...... yum !!! 
all this talk about the moon and to me it doesnt look any different than last night . but i do believe its making time slow down , im soo bored out of my mind bout ready to jab a pen in my eye !!!!! 
Kids have been in bed since 8:30 and theyre still awake talkin to each other , makes for a not so happy morning . Grrrr ! They just have to push the boundaries every night . U would think they knew the routine and consiquences by now but i guess not ... Go to sleep ! 
lol , wow Olivia Newton John was sewn into those black pants she wore in Grease ! Thats dedication . haha 
okay so i think its offically " Diet Time " . Kids say the darnedest things , like my wonderful son who tells me that in my work clothes i look like i got a watermelon in my pants . Thanks Cole !!!!! Momma Loves You too ! To bad he doesnt realize that his bday is barely over a mth away ! buahahaha ! j/k 
had a very bad and long nite/morning . finally going to bed . 
Come on Sun Wok .... get in my tummy !!! 
Getting ready to head to Winnie waiting on Amy to get here . Ready for a crazy wild slumber party . I can't wait !!!!! Hurry up Amy , Jack's calling my name !!!! 
After a while you learn the subtle difference between holding a hand and chaining a soul . 
And you learn that love doesnt mean , leaning and company doesnt mean security . And you begin to learn that kisses arent contracts and presents arent promises . 
And you begin to accept your defeats with your head up and your eyes open . With the grace of a woman , not the grief of a child . 
still no call , hopes are high , fingers crossed ! 
I may not be the most beautiful or the sexiest , nor do I have the perfect body . I might not be someone's first choice , but I'm a great choice . I don't pretend to be someone I'm not because I'm good at being me . I'm not proud of some of the things I've done in the past , but I'm proud of who I am today . Take me as I am ... or watch me as I walk away . 
I did the Macarena with a surfer in a hole because I'm sexy and I do what I want =) 
Banana Pineapple 
Dear World , 
Please stop freaking out about 2012 . Our calendars end there because some 
Spanish douche bags invaded our country and we got a little busy ok ? 
Sincerely , 
The Mayans 
goin back to bed . I feel horrible . Grrr . I hate gettin sick ! 
Dear Snooki , 
GET BACK TO WORK ! 
Willy Wonka 
7am on a Sat . and my kids wanna shovel rocks !! Go for it ! Another 5 yrs and i wont even b able to pay em to do it . lol =) 
When I was a kid I didn't have a computer , Nintendo DS , X Box , or Wii . I had a bike and a sandbox . If I didn't eat what my mom made , I didn't eat . And I dealt with it . I didn't think of telling my parents " no " or dare to talk back and I got MY ASS BEAT if I did . Life wasn't hard , it was life . And I survived . Re-post if you appreciate the way you were raised 
Boyscouts in the morning , we're off to Shangri La this time =) 
Its Bunco Nite !!!! 
Whoooooooo Hoooooooo !!!!!!! The jeep is finally paid off !!!! no more car note yippie ! 
i think the teen yrs have already started with Cole . past three mornings hes gone to school red faced and upset , all we ever do in the am is argue and fight ! ughhhhh !! 
Good old Texas ... where the tea is sweet and accents are sweeter , summer starts in April , front porches are wide and words are long , macaroni & cheese is a vegetable , BBQ is the state food , y'all is a proper pronoun , chicken is fried , biscuits come with gravy , everyone is honey , someone is always getting their heart blessed , and we are all " fixin " to do something . Repost if you are PROUD TO BE FROM TEXAS ! ? 
Meme and Steph's party turned out sooo good . Happy Birthday Girls . this is gonna be a looooooooong nite tho . only been here for an hour and im already , ready to leave and go to bed . ( Jamie , i might need ya to call later and keep me up . lol ) 
Ahh .... peace and quiet .... til noon at least ... time to get back to James Alexander Malcolm MacKenzie Fraser . 
R.I.P. Lil Moochy :( U ran out the door yest morning and we havent seen u since . Hope u found someone elses couch to hide under ( didnt see u squished on the way to school ) cause last night was one cold mother ! Come home Moocher ! 
back at work , cant wait for Thurs morning , then a whole week off for Easter . whoop whoop ! 
UGH !!!! sooooo tired of the childish attitudes . why cant this be easy . its the same crap over and over again . 
taking a nap before the kids Easter parties start then going back to bed . cant wait for Fri camping on the beach !!!!! ;) 
Less than 12hrs Erica !!!!!!! 
getting ready for the BEACH !!!!!!! 
Headed to Emmy's 1st Birthday party !!! 
F'ing easter bunny got lazy ( or drunk ) and skipped hiding the eggs . oh well . maybe next yr . hahahaha !!!!! 
Watchin the WWE Tribute to the Troops tryin to figure out y my son loves wrestling . It just seems so fake . Altho John Cena is very nice to look at !! 
Family isn't always blood . It's the people in your life who WANT you in their life ; the ones who ACCEPT you for who you are ; the ones who would DO anything to see you smile and who LOVE you no matter what ~ repost if you have at least one person like this in your life :) 
A real woman always keeps her house clean and organized , the laundry basket is always empty , she's always well dressed , hair done . She never swears , behaves gracefully in all situations and all circumstances . She has more than enough patience to take care of her family , always has a smile on her lips , and a kind word for everyone . Post this as your status if you , too , suspect that you might be a man !!! 
Im sooooooo happy right now !!!! I finally found the book ive been looking for for 10 yrs . Guess it helps if you have the correct last name of the author and the correct title of the book . lol . ( Jordan , not Johnson and Winter of Fire , not Of Fire and Ice ) but in my defense i was very very close on both tho . YAY !!!!! 
Anyone else notice the Priest's eyebrows ??? their HUGE !!!!!! lol 
although we got Osama . its a shame that to get him we also got three of his grandchildren . rip little ones . 
PNG STUDENTS -- School starts at normal times but K-3 and high school early release at 1pm ... just sayin . 
washing and cleaning out the jeep , hope i dont make it rain later lol :/ 
go to fill up my soap bucket and a crab comes outta the hose !?!?!?! buahahaha ! 
i love when books have sequels , sometimes your just not ready for the story to end yet . now on to book two .... 
Sleepin durin the day sux . startin my shift tonight . whoo hoo ! 
So im getin the kids ready for school and Raeleigh tells me " I need a pink bow in my hair so Kashton will like me but he likes this other girl " ( btw shes wearin orange ) Wow four yrs old and shes already tryin to steal another girls man . Lmao 
so proud of my big guy , he got 75 AR points so today he gets to be Librarian for the day !!!! He was sooooo excited to get to school today . Way to go Cole keep up the good work ! Momma loves you ! 
cleaning house and waiting on Raeleigh to get home . then we r off to bmt to get the stuff for baby Brynli's door wreath . i feel a creative moment coming on ! 
RIP Cody Elkins . A life taken far to soon . You will be missed :( 
first night on the job over , made breakfast for the fam , kiddos off to school , well almost ... waitin on Rae's bus , then hittin the sack . my bed never looked so good . 
Lets see who truly reads my status .... you and I wake up in a psychiatric ward together . Using FOUR words only what would you say to me ? NOTE : if you comment you must copy and paste this on your status so I can comment on yours as well .. ( 4 words is harder than you think ! ) . 
Eight yrs ago one man stole my heart the moment he entered my life and has brought me such joy , love and happiness . Happy Birthday Big Guy !!!! Momma loves you ! I cant believe Cole's already 8 , seems like yesterday he fit in the crook of my arm , all 6lbs 13oz ... * tear * 
On my way to bring Cole lunch and cupcakes for his class ! 
i cant stand when someone has to open their mouth about a surprise for someone else ..... just sayin ..... soooo pissed . 
Waiting on Raeleigh's bus then shower and pj's and finally bed . i love my beauty rest ... just sayin =) 
if your part of the Stogner family then to start i apologize but , i would advise you NOT to read any further ..... just saying . 
i could really really go for a venti mocha frap right now .... who wants to bring me one ??? im at work and cant leave =( ( Jamie ??? ) 
Deleting any and all drama . the only reason you ppl even friended me was to be nosy and run your mouths . well i dont have time or room in my life for all the bullshit . life lesson for me anyway , when you walk away from the drama ... leave it and dont ever look back ... no matter what ... just because time has past doesnt change anything cause IT'S STILL DRAMA !!!!! Okay i feel better =) 
i may not be the toughest broad around ... but i sure as hell aint no punk ! I stand up for what i know and believe in and NO ONE , let me repeat NO ONE will EVER make me back down !!!!!! 
I pray your brakes go out running down a hill . I pray a flowerpot falls from a window sill and knocks you in the head like i'd like to . I pray your birthday comes and nobody calls . I pray your flying high when your engine stalls . I pray all your dreams never come true . Just know where ever you are honey , I pray for you . 
its called a job !!!!! rofl some people have those ya know =) 
So Cole just told Chris that he thinks Santa steals stuff ..... What ?? Why Big Guy ??.... " Cause i was looking at my bike Santa got me for Christmas and where its supposed to say Made in the North Pole it says Made in China ! Santa's a thief Daddy " ROFLMAO !!!!!!!!!!!! ( at least he still Believes !!!!! ) 
mmmm ....... french fries and fried crawfish . 
getting ready for work . one more night after tonight then one whole glorious week off . im in much need of sleeeeeeeeeep ! 
bout to go wash the jeep . i strongly dislike love bugs !!!!!! 
one hr and counting ! 
Judge me ... and I'll prove you wrong . 
Tell me what to do ... and I'll tell you off . 
Say I'm not worth it .... and watch where I end up . 
Call me a Bitch ... and I'll show you one . 
Screw me over ... and I'll do it to you twice as bad . 
Call me Crazy ... but you really have no idea . 
Just Sayin :) 
Had a great day shopping with my bestie Jamie Broussard . now a few chapters of my book and lights out . 
pickin Rae up from school then headed to Brynda Amburn's with Jamie Broussard and the girls for some much needed tanning in the pool . 
Headed to go see Tara to chop off all Rae's hair !!!! pics up soon !!! 
headed to the dr with raeleigh , poor baby has a lymph node the size of a ping pong :( 
Your sister will hold your hand for a little while , but will hold your ? heart ? for a lifetime . It " s " National Best Sisters Week " . So if you have a sister or sisters that you love with all your heart . Copy and paste this to your status .? 
i hate when you cant upload any pics . grrrr ..... 
why is it that i will drink frozen coffee's but give me a reg cup of coffee and let it get cold and im not touchin it .... hmm lifes mysteries ! 
God doesn't give you the people you want ; He gives you the people you Need ... to help you , to hurt you , to leave you , to love you and to make you into the person you were meant to be . 
wow , glad i brought the 40 cal , gps sent me to the wrong place i was in the hood rollin with the homies . lol . i get to the motel then some guy is tryin to get my attention from the 2 floor window , i think i got his tho when i got the gun outta the back seat n put it in my purse . :) lmao !!! 
Taxes r done ... yeah !.... cant wait to send em off in the mornin . 
doing medical research ... my brain hurts !!!! 
doing class training blah , cant wait to get to the fun stuff tomorrow at the range . whoo hoo ! hope i do good . lol 
everyone at woodcrest elm school had better watch out . Im pissed . This teacher doesnt know who shes dealin with . Waitin on Raes bus then im headin out . 
