did not mean ass , ment add them . God it's hell gettiing old . 
My farmville tree is full of all the wonderful gifts my friends have sent me . I thank each and every one of you . May your Christmas be filled with family and friends and the New Year bring happiness to your heart Annie 
Randy , Where do I find NOTE ???? I guess I'm not the sharpes tool in the shed . Love you 
Missy how have you been ? What . s that old saying you can run but you can't hide 
WHERE DO I FIND NOTE ?????? 
I'm thankful today for my family and friends , because without them where would any of us feel the love and kindness that is sent our way . 
Today I am thankful for my grandchildern , They have all made there own path in life and are reaching for there dreams 
Today I'm thankfull for - my puppy Lilly of the valley did not chew up my good pair of shoes . As I left them laying out on the floor . LOL . 
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone . May your day be wonderful and filled with love 
Today I'm thankfull for getting myslef out the door and off to my fun day :) 
if any one out there can tekk me why I can not get on farm town please let me know . Server says link not found . click link but nothing happens . HELP Please Annie from farm town 
Today I'm thankful for the little puppy that has come in to my life . Makes me laugh untill it hurts 
I'm thankful for my sisters and love them all so very much 
To all my familey and frioends a very Merry Christmas and a safe and wonderful New Year 
I sent out a friend/neighbor request formy sister-in-law Donna Beazley for CountryLife If you have room to add her as a neighbor and friend I will very grateful Thank you Annie Ohman from CountryLife 
Thank ' s to all that helped me raise my tool shed . I don't have room for a barn yet . Soon I hope I will find the room for one . Again thank you one and all Annie 
I did the macarena with a ninja on your car because I'm sexy and I do what I want 
Evelyn Whatley WARNING : I received this two hours ago .. '' do not accept the friendship of CLAUDIA RIVALTA nor DANIELA MAINARDI nor Minal Nitesh nor Cherita Walters Barnett . They are hackers . . Copy this text into your profile , do not be lazy , do it((only passing info along )) 
Seahawks are going to make it to the top this time around 
röd 
Well all the farm fields are plowed , the chickens are put to bed , and the cows are in the barn . The fish have all been sold . The lights our out in the café And I will miss my missions on hunting for egg . But my good friends and neighbors I’m OUT OF HERE > ON MY WAY TO HAWAII TO SIT IN THE SUN Sad to say it’s only for a week But a week of sun is better then none . Annie 
Back from Hawaii and wish I was still there . Had a great time with the family . Will post pictures . 
THANKS TO ALL MY GREAT NEIGHBORS FOR THERE HELP IN BIULDING A BIGGER CHICKEN COOP :) 
Once again I would like to thank my great neighbors on FarmVille for helping out in making my barn large . Now I can save more stuff LOL . You guys are great . :) Your neighbor Annie 
Just got home and a glass of wine was waiting . How sweet is that ? 
NEWS FLASH According to Zynga's Henry G , the problems that we are experiencing with being sent to the farms without our gifts , bonuses , or rewards , are platform issues that they are working on and hope to resolve . You might pass this on so that your friends are not blaming you for the problems 
I have everything for my farm house except clinging vines . I need 6 more . If anyone can help me that would be great . A big thank you to my neighbors for getting me this far . Annie 
Mad Dog 20/20 Just Kidding . Red wine and I can " t spell the name all I do is drink it That's why I can spell . 
Mad dog 20/20 Just Kidding Can't spell the name all I do is drink it . That is why I can't spell 
To all my family and friends May the peace and joy that you have been sherching for be your in 2010 Love all of you Annie 
Annie Ohman I think I got what is going on . They put up a Copper Butterfly and all the farmers think they can get one if they share not true . They just have us running after the little guy and in the end we the running farmer get nothing . Great excesies I have lost 10 lb . 
I can't get FarmVille to load . Is anyone eles having the same kind of problem ? 
" Today I stand with the teachers , nurses , and all public employees of Wisconsin who are fighting for their rights . If you do too , change this to your status for the rest of the day . " 
Today I stand with the teachers , nurses , and all public employees of Wisconsin who are fighting for their rights . If you do too , change this to your status for the rest of the day . " 
By AP WASHINGTON ( AP ) - Capping a decade of delays and embarrassing missteps , the Air Force on Thursday awarded one of the biggest defense contracts ever - a $35 billion deal to build ... to the Boeing Co . Best news ever . 
Hey ! Village Idiots picketing fallen soldiers ' funerals .... Yeah , I'm talking to you ! Do you know WHY you are allowed to do that ? BECAUSE THE DEAD SOLDIER YOU ARE DISRESPECTING GAVE HIS OR HER LIFE SO YOU WOULD HAVE THE FREEDOM TO EXPRESS YOUR STUPIDITY ! Feel free to copy and post-I did because I wasn't afraid to express my undying gratitude to every single service person past , present and future . 
Dear Congress , Last year I mismanaged my funds and this year I cannot decide on a budget . Until I have come to a unified decision that fits all of my needs and interests , I will have to shut down my checkbook and will no longer be able to pay my taxes . I'm sure you'll understand . Thank you very much for setting an example we can all follow . Repost if you agree PAY OUR MILITARY !!!!!!! 
I have a personal reason for ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour . I know the ones who will . Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for 1 hour ? Do it for all who have fought and are fighting . I hope to see this in my status of all my .... friends !! 
If U were raised on cornbread & beans , your crib was covered with lead based paint , rode bike with no helmet on gravel roads , parents had no child proof lids or seat belts in cars , got a switching when U misbehaved , had 3 TV channels & got up 2 change , school always started w/the Pledge of Allegiance , stores closed on Sunday , if U drank water out of the creek & a water hose and still turned out OK .... then re-post this 
The application " Horse Contest " is temporarily unavailable due to an issue with its third-party developer . We are investigating the situation and apologize for any inconvenience . So no horse 
TO FIX the new ' show similar posts ' , go To your Profile , click the button below " Share " and then click on Settings and then in the ' Stories posted by friends ' section simply UNCHECK the " Combine Posts " box . That's all there is to it . The posts will come back like they used to be . PASS IT ON SINCE WHAT YOU HAVE DONE AFFECTS YOUR POSTS ONLY SO IT MAY TAKE A WHILE FOR ALL TO UNCHECK THEIR BOX 
Happy Easter to my Family and Facebook friends . May your day be kind and peacefull ........ :) 
God Bless our men and women in the military . 

Now and in the past . 
God bless there families and keep them strong 
Life is too short to wake up with regrets . ? So love the people who treat you right . ? Forget about the ones who don't . Believe everything happens for a reason . If you get a second chance , grab it with both hands . If it changes your life , let it . Nobody said life would be easy ; they just ... promised it would be worth it . ( Post to your wall if you agree :) !!! 
I only need 4 nails to compleat the baby barn . If you can help out that would be great . If you need anything please post and I will send to you . Thank you so much Annie 
Mafia family APPRECIATION DAY ! If you appreciate your Mafia friends for all their help & moral support they give you , then let them know by posting this on your wall . I truly do appreciate my friends ... without them this wouldn't be nearly as much fun . I have a GREAT Mafia family Thank you all -- you are the best ! ( Thanks Kora-lyn-girlfriend ) You have made it a lot of fun as well as all my Mafis friends . 
Thanks to all that help out on the c o-o p . Great team work 
I have been trying to send gifts but none of my neighbors names are listed . Is this a mess up or what ???? 
Sensitive and conscientious ones .... You are the vital conscience the world desperately needs ! 
You are a key to balancing the greater world of humanity toward humility and compassion in this way . Thus try to consider that your sensitivity is purposeful and needed in a world , without which , the world would be void of compassion and consideration . 
Thank you to my great neighbors for helping build my baby barn . If you still need stuff for your barn please gift to me if you can and I will send back to you . I don't mind at all . Or just post what you need and I will try my best to help you all out . Again thank you for all the help I have the best neighbors . 
Let tears take out all the agony that is hidden inside you , and let laughter ignite your contagious joy . 
Good night all and Peace be with you 
Good Night and my peace be with you :) 
Good night . May peace be with you . 
Memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who has lost 
their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it . Put this 
up for 1 hour if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy 
and paste . I did . Will you ? Show love to those who are in the fight and 
... their family . 
I loved you the minute I heard your heartbeat . I loved you the minute you were born ; then I saw your face and fell in love some more . You were only a minute old , but I knew I would die for you and to this day I still would . When you choose to have a child , you make a conscious decision to allow your heart to walk around .... outside of your body . Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life . 
Please ? put ? this ? as ? your ? status ? for ? one ? hour ? if ? you ? or ? someone ? you ? know ? has ? or ? had ? cancer . ? My ? prayer ? is ? that ? in ? 2011 ? a ? cure ? will ? be ? found . ? Will ? you ? post ? it ? for ? just ? one ? hour ? 
cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's butt . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is fighting cancer post this for at least one hour ? Miss you Kevin :( Sorry for anyone's lost due to cancer . My sweet husband has been fighting cancer for a long time and every day every minute he is still here is a blessing . 
I am an UN-APOLOGETIC AMERICAN ! 
I pledge allegiance to the flag of the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA , and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one nation under GOD , indivisible , with LIBERTY and JUSTICE for all ! 
I grew up reciting this every morning in school . We no longer do that for ... fear ... of OFFENDING SOMEONE !! Let's see how many AM ...... ERICANS will re-post this & NOT CARE about offending someone !! See More 
Merry Christmas to all my family and friends . May God bless you and your . 
