Besides education , we also learn from our mistakes . What we learn from books maybe forgotten after some time but what we learn from our mistakes , it's never forgotten . 
In life sometimes we don't get what we expected we could . But it doesn't mean that we shall stop looking for them . God has laid all paths on front of us to walk on . But it's in our hands to look on them carefully before following them , in case in the dark we 
A true artist doesn't think of what he has to paint . He just holds the brush in his hand and throughs his creativity on the paper of what comes first in his mind . 
You're alive . Do something . The directive in life , the moral imperative was so uncomplicated . It could be expressed in single words , not complete sentences . It sounded like this : Look . Listen . Choose . Act . 
Imagination is the beginning of creation . You imagine what you desire , you will what you imagine and at last you create what you will . 
The thing always happens that you really believe in ; and the belief in a thing makes it happen 
Be mild with the mild , shrewd with the crafty , confiding to the honest , rough to the ruffian , and a thunderbolt to the liar . But in all this , never be unmindful of your own dignity . 
Silence is just another way of answering . 
Life is a foreign language ; all men mispronounce it . 
Hope doesn't come from calculating whether the good news is winning out over the bad . It's simply a choice to take action . 
Men are not prisoners of fate , but only prisoners of their own minds 
Eat a third and drink a third and leave the remaining third of your stomach empty . Then , when you get angry , there will be sufficient room for your rage 
Don't let your dreams fall out of your head . Stick it to the man instead . Don't fool your heart lying about . The feelings that you had back then . 
It is a paradoxical but profoundly true and important principle of life that the most likely way to reach a goal is to be aiming not at that goal itself but at some more ambitious goal beyond it 
Life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh 
A handful of patience is worth more than a bushel of brains . 
The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves , but wiser people so full of doubts 
' If any question why we died . Tell them , because our fathers lied . ' 
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not 
Shop shutters rattle down and I'm cutting the crowd All scented and descending from the satellite towns The neon is graffiti singing make a new start So I look for a plot where I can bury my broken heart 
One is left with the horrible feeling now that war settles nothing ; that to win a war is as disastrous as to lose one . 
Travelling again I know exactly how it's gonna end The routine day dream starts as I get off I'm holding up the queue Because my ticket won't go through I know it should be simple but it's not It feels like standing still but I know I'm just moving uncomfortably slow 
Earth is the cradle of mind but one cannot stay in the cradle forever . 
' I promise you will get old . I promised you everything . Tp protect you wherever you go , I give you this diamond ring . Just promise you will remember . A promise should last forever . Right up to the dying embers of a fire that burns so slow 
The friend of me is the friend of you . That friend is the friend of us , and that friend is who we dream 
Life is an open road . It " s the best story never told . It's an endless sky in the deepest sea .... Life is an open road to me ! 
All I gotta do is sit around and wait , All I gotta do is not anticipate , Every word I said I should’ve taken back , All I gotta do is get my brain on track . And I know what you’re thinking , That you know what’s coming now . And I know I tend to rush straight in I just don’t know where to begin When everyone is you 
Stuck inside the rainbow You could happen to be Cause I’ve been close to where you are It all seems so familiar Like they’ve been sent to kill’ya It doesn’t take an astronaut To float in a space is just a thought The morning brings a mystery The evening makes it history Who am I to rate the morning sun ? 
All I see Drifting through my veins Want to know where it all began When you're on your own Killing time Wanna make it right Nothing ventured nothing gained Seems all the world has gone insane All said and done We are heading straight towards the sun 
We hold in our hands , the most precious gift of all : Freedom . The freedom to express our art . Our love . The freedom to be who we want to be . We are not going to give that freedom away and no one shall take it from us ! 
How do you rate the morning sun After a long a sleepless night How many stars would you give to the moon ? Can you see those stars from where you are ? Shine on the lost and lonely The ones who can’t get over it You always wanted more than life But now you don’t have the appetite In a message to the troubadour The world don’t love you anymore Tell me how do you rate the morning sun ? 
" Stay for me there ! I will not fail . To meet me in that hollow vale . " 
There’s a place I go When I’m alone Do anything I want Be anyone I wanna be But it is us I see And I cannot believe I’m fallin That’s where I’m goin Where are you goin Hold it close won’t let this go Dream catch meDream catch me when I fall Or else I won’t come back at all 
Every book needs a reader . A reader needs a mind and that mind needs a bunch of ideas to question the books . 
I haven't been myself of late I haven't slept for several days But coming home I feel like I Designed these buildings I walk by 
They say dreams are the windows of the soul -- take a peek and you can see the inner workings , the nuts and bolts . You see things ; and you say , ' Why ? ' But I dream things that never were ; and I say , " Why not ? " 
The major difference between a thing that might go wrong and a thing that cannot possibly go wrong is that when a thing that cannot possibly go wrong goes wrong it usually turns out to be impossible to get at or repair . 
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living . The world owes you nothing . It was here first . 
Wisdom doesn't automatically come with old age . Nothing does - except wrinkles . Some wines improve with age . But only if the grapes were good in the first place . 
Books are the quietest and most constant of friends ; they are the most accessible and wisest of counsellors , and the most patient of teachers . 
It is with our passions , as it is with fire and water , they are good servants but bad masters . 
The man who doesn't read good books has no advantage over the man who can't read them 
I was caught in the crossfire of a silent scream where one man's nightmare is another man's dream . Pull the covers up high and pray for the morning light cause you're living alone in the heat of the night . Met a man with a message from the other side . Couldn't take the pressure - had to leave it behind . He said it's up to you . You can run or you can fight that's right . Better leave it alone in the heat of the night 
This would be easier if you'd understand Face the truth and realise that none of this was planned The way we worry about such little things Take a time to take the break darling spread your wings I stole all the roses that make your crown Now it's easier to just put aside the things that face us now Let's dance ! To the beat of the drum ! Let's go out ! Where we don't know anyone ! 
Always and forever is forever young Your shadow on the pavement The dark side of the sun Got a dream the dream all over And sleep here tight You don't wanna sing the blues In black and white And it's hope that spring's eternal for everyone If it ain't broken then brake it the damage done The blind leading the blind Getting underneath your skin I can feel you in the silence Saying let forever be . 
Lost in a lullaby Side of the road Melt in a memory Slide in a solitude Not ' til I can read by the moon Am I goin anywhere As everything flies from the other side of the world Somewhere in a dust bowl It flies from the other side of the world Curtains stay closed But everyone knows You hear through walls in this place To give up the ghost in this place Give me strength Give me wings 
Lazy days callin you Come out to play The future lies with you Now you'd be sure love's the cure What we're searchin for Is to have a jolly good time Crazy days you'll get me through N here I'll stay holdin on You can be sure Our thoughts unpure Will unlock a door We don't need any reason To sit around n wait The world'd change in a second so I find the sunshine To dream n dream 
i'm sitting at the wheel i got a green light not afraid of nothin ' cuz heart and soul i'm built for life so let the engine roar push the pedal down i want the white lines on the highway to lead me out of town i'm rolling on and on and on who knows where i'm goin' ? life is an open road it's the best story never told it's an endless sky it's the deepest sea life is an open road to me 
Time present and time past are both perhaps present in time future and time future contained in time past . If all time is eternally present all time is unredeemable . 
Free's all ya gotta be dream dreams no one else sees sometimes ya wanna run away but never know what might be comin round your way on a day like today the whole world could change the sun's gonna shine thru the rain ya never wanna see the sun go down somewhere there's a place for ya know ya believe it too sometimes if ya wanna get away all ya gotta know's what we got is here to stay on a day like today 
" If I read a book and it makes my whole body so cold no fire can warm me , I know that is poetry . If I feel physically as if the top of my head were taken off , I know that is poetry . These are the only ways I know it . Is there any other way ? " 
To love is to risk not being loved in return . To hope is to risk pain . To try is to risk failure , but risk must be taken because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing . 
When making your choice in life , do not neglect to live . 
We found our strength found our way at last Found tomorrow by building on our past Paid our dues we stick together come whatever We're still standin ' didn't fall to pieces Never lost our reason never stopped believin ' We found our wings n fly above the wind We found what we're lookin for Gave it all gave our very best With every fall we withstood the test Found our wings together we found everything 
Words have no power to impress the mind without the exquisite horror of their reality . 
All possibilities Are landing at my feet There's nothing I can see But possibilities All colours are changing in my eyes Your hopes are all fading , that will never do You're seeing the world through cynical eyes I'm seeing the world through the eyes of somebody new Oh there's a hope left , there's a dream still in my heart Look past the answers , there's a chance that there's no rulebook But possibilities 
No one move no one speak please don’t say that its just me its not just me and even though i wont forget just don’t want this to end just yet not just yet 
well i'm wrapped around your finger i'm never letting go you know i'm happy just to linger and let the feeling flow 
The supreme irony of life is that hardly anyone gets out of it alive . 
The true object of all human life is play . Earth is a task garden ; heaven is a playground . 
The best lesson life teaches us is to let go 
People aren't either wicked or noble . They're like chef's salads , with good things and bad things chopped and mixed together in a vinaigrette of confusion and conflict . 
The power of Thought , - the magic of the Mind ! 
I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world . This makes it hard to plan the day . 
One does not fear death itself , but rather the realization of their own mortality . 
When I stand before God at the end of my life , I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left , and could say , " I used everything you gave me . " 
The world is full of mysteries , full of magic and of wonder , there's so much more than what we see . 
All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream . 
One day your life will flash before your eyes . Make sure it’s worth watching . 
I bounce these feelings off the moon . The echoes don't come back 
There ain't much to the mystery . Misery loves company . 
Dream as if you'll live forever , live as if you'll die today . 
Life is something that happens when you can't get to sleep . 
In any other world You could tell the difference And let it all unfurl Into broken remnants Smile like you mean it And let yourself let go Because it's all in the hands of a bitter , bitter man Say goodbye to the world you thought you lived in Take a bow , play the part of a lonely lonely heart Say goodbye to the world you thought you lived in To the world you thought you lived in 
Once the realization is accepted that even between the closest human beings infinite distances continue , a wonderful living side by side can grow , if they succeed in loving the distance between them which makes it possible for each to see the other whole against the sky . 
That it will never come again is what makes life sweet . 
I took a hammer to every memento . But image on image like beads on a rosary pulled through my head as the music takes hold . And the sickener hits ; I can work till I break . 
Sometimes we just have to walk away . Wishing today was yesterday 
The fallen trees are not yet in season but underground . 
Joy is not the same without the pain . 
Because I could not stop for death , He kindly stopped for me ; The carriage held but just ourselves and immortality . 
The dream again nobody understands . Walking through the long grass on your hands 
Follow the circles on a mono coloured trip voyage . 

This is the colour of my world . 
Stay and watch me find another pearl 
As we struggle to make sense of things , life looks on in repose . 
With a pile of cares and a bucket of tears , could look at the sunlight and feel no fear . With a mountain of maybes and some Icarus wings ; armed with delusions . 
Two lost souls make up a stranger . 
Bounce these feelings of the moon ; the echoes don't come back . 
There's new life through the door . A cradle rocks and falls as new fruit fills the tree and cements the melody to signify we're free ; our troubles passing through decaying simple times . 
Happiness is a perfume you can't pour on others 
without getting a few drops on yourself . 
Teardop on the fire . Fearless on my breathe . 
Tears are words the heart can't express 
A sky as black as regret is rolling aside for the blue impossible face to forget ; bringing the morning sun . Lost in the sound of voices . Don't even hear the words but the past will find us , breathing those words . 
If I had one chance to freeze time , stand still and soak in everything , I'd choose right now . 
It's a perfect world when one can wake up and go to bed with a smile . Most times , no one wants to question their own happiness . They just want to enjoy it . 
There are only two ways to live life . One 
is as though nothing is a miracle . The other is as though everything is a 
miracle 
People all over build on solid ground . 
They build it up and then they tear it down 
Take it or leave it who cares how much it costs 
They'll never know how much is gone until it's lost 
' til it's vanishing . People all over build mansions in the sky . 
They choke on smoke and watch their dreams go by . 
When the phone stops ringin ' love has surely died 
But the grass is greener on the other side . 
Silence shields the pain so say nothing . Feel they've rigged the game , done with loving 
Only you can see the darkness in the northern lights ... Phoenix from the Flames . 
When the one thing you're looking for is nowhere to be found , you're backing all your moves trying to figure it out . You wanna reach out . You wanna give in .... Your head's wrapped around the next bend . You wish you could find something warm cause you're shivering cold . It's the first thing you see as you open your eyes . The last thing you say as you're saying goodbye . Something inside you is crying , driving you on . 
Sat and watched the sun go down . Picked a star before losing the moon . Youth is wasted on the young , before you know its come and gone too soon . 
I sit and talk to God 
and he just laughs at my plans . 
My head speaks a language , I don't understand . 
Seeing love ... a distant soul in the setting sun . 
Go - not knowing where . Bring - not knowing 
what . The path is long , the way unknown . 
Wake up on Sunday morning 
and everything feels so boring . 
Is that where it ends 
with your life thru a lens . 
Govern life and thoughts as if the whole world were to see the one , and read the other . 
is just after a glimmer of love and life deep inside . 
The boundaries which divide 
life from death 
are at best shadowy and vague . 
Who shall say where one ends , 
and the other begins ? 
Follow my colour coded world and watch me find another pearl . 
We make our fortunes and we call them fate . 
To live is like to love -- all reason is against it , and all healthy instinct for it . 
Life is a pure flame , and we live by an 
invisible sun within us . 
To be in a box and be labeled is to be young 
They can't build a satellite to tell you how loved you are , 
or some kind of life device that holds you in when you've gone too far 
How can a dream become death ? We think death is rest . A fantasy of an execution . Brightened by lightning . Everything everybody wants . No matter how disheartening . Is only what we think , is the best for us at the time 
You will bring the fire and I will bring the flame . You don't know desire until it wacks you in the brain . With fashion as your buddha , a pop star for your Christ , TV is you religion , the emptiness inside . All that you be feeling , all of which you've seen , and all of your convictions are a little in between . With fashion as your buddha , a pop star for your Christ , TV is you religion , the emptiness inside ! 
If love were a liquid it would drown , in a place less place refine , 
in a heart shape it would come around and then melt slowly down . 
If love were a human it would know , in a lost space come and show , 
hold and control and then melt slowly down . 
Happy Eid and best wishes to everyone :D 
If you can't wake up in the morning cause your bed lies vacant at night . If you're lost , hurt , tired or lonely , can't control it , try as you might . May you find that love that won't leave you . May you find it by the end of the day . You won't be lost , hurt , tired and lonely . Something beautiful will come your way . 
And the will therein lies , which dies not . Who knowes the 
mysteries of the will , with its vigor ? For God is but a great will 
pervading all things by nature of its intentness . Man does not yield 
himself to the angels , nor unto death utterly , save only through the 
weakness of his feeble will . 
" Never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel , for love is not ours to command . " 
... " Some call love a curse , some call love a thief but it's a home and it's as much a part of this broken heart and broken bones always seem to mend . " 
Don't let someone become your everything , because when they're gone you have nothing . 
" Without knowing what I am and why I am here , life is impossible . " 
" To live a creative life , we must lose our fear of being wrong . " 
