Dude 1 : " Why are American Men so Stupid and Abusive ? " 
Dude 2*@ Dude 1 * : " Do you realize how much of a Stereotype that is ? All men are Stupid an Abusive . " 
Dude 3* @Dude 2 * : " Logical Flaw Detected ! " 
AFKish 
Going to Bed 
Rule 34 ... A pleasurable past time for some , a Psychotically used Weapon for others . 
I enjoy using it as a weapon . Any suggestions ? 
( And so it Begins . ) 
I just got done speaking to Porridge Whore . 
I'll have to remind myself to thank That Damn Filipino for introducing me to Within Temptation . XD . Thanks Jon 
I should be sleeping .. But I'm not ! 
FOR THE CoSMaC ! STAY UP OR DIE THEY DECLARE ! 
FOR GODS AND BROTHERS IN ARMS YOU MUST STAY AWAKE ! 
Heading to Bed 
AFK 
OH SHIT ! 
I just came online to look some Fallout : New Vegas shit up and you people DISTRACTED ME ! 
XD 
There are some Questions on the Truth Game you have to answer Yes to , or be shamed . 
Would [ dudes name ] look good in a miniskirt , Do you think [ dudes name ] could become a MILF , [ insert sex inappropriate question here ] , etc . 

Gods this shit's amusing . 
I dare someone to press " Yes " on the truth game for every question . 
" The Game " ? 
For those Playing the " Truth Game " : 
Be Brutal , Honest or Funny , and NEVER skip a question that you think will hurt my feelings if you answer or you're unsure about . Take a Stab . No matter how hurtful you think it will be , I'll probably laugh . And if you think it'll be funny , so will I . 
Aztec vs Azande : Aztec lost 448 to 552 
Which is really just 44.8% to 55.2% . For an Iron Wielding Warrior from 200 years after the Aztecs , I think Team Zande's cockiness wasn't well backed by the statistics . Especially considering the Aztec Team fucked their line up with SACRIFICIAL DAGGER ! 
That's RIGHT ! That was the choice for Close Range ! 
If I said I could see you when you're sleeping . 
That I'd know if you're awake . That I get reports on if you've been " Bad " or " Good " ... 
What would you think about that and how would you react ? 
Horoscopes : Cancer , Ocelot(Aztec ) , Monkey(Chinese ) 
Today seems to be off to a good start . Hopefully this Trend stays . 
I just found a " Tezcatlipoca Approves " poster for McCain . ( Meant for the already passed 08 elections ) .... 
I swear I'm going to snap the next time I see an ignorant bastard speak for my Patron . 
Ocelotl - Aztec horoscope 
NameOcelotlEnglish nameOcelotTonal name14DescriptionOcelot 
is the bravest of all , and can show very good courage in life and can 
be very dangerous adversary if you got on to his wrong side . Ocelot can 
be good friend and loved-one , but never forgets if betrayed . Some 
ocelots can be forgiving , but this only is a small amount of them . 
AHAHHAHAHHAH ! 
THE GED IS OVER ! 
I'M FREE !!!!!! I'M FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE ! 
GED scores are in ... I scored in the " top 10% of traditional high school graduates . " 
To Nations People : I Scored 95% Rank on Science . * Confused Face * 
I'm starting to think I have a FUCKED UP case of OCD .... 
Fucking Self Reflection , and Long Term memory . 
" Arocdnicg to rsceearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy , it deosn’t mttaer in 
waht oredr the ltteers in a wrod are , the olny iprmoatnt tihng is taht 
the frist and lsat ltteer are in the rghit pcale . The rset can be a 
toatl mses and you can sitll raed it wouthit pobelrm . Tihs is buseace 
the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef , but the wrod as a 
wlohe . " - I could read all LOL 
Let's play a Word Guess : 
Th * G*m * 
Would you like to buy a vowel ? 
Everyone and Their Mother seems to be in College or something , while I'm getting a GED . 
Well , at least I have Steak to Eastz ! NOM NOM NOM on That ! 
ADHD AFSanity . 
Legit Kill is Legit ... 
* Unamused Face * 
Going on Vacation Sunday 
" Just Kill Everything ... Then all the Problems Go Away ! " 
LOL ... Evil , but true . XD JK 
Dude : " You're fucking Psycho ! " 
Me : " What ? I'm not a Psycho ! " 
Dude : " You said you'd FUCKING Kill me for my Klondike Bar ! " 
Me : " And then you gave me your Klondike Bar ... What's your point ? " 
* Dude Glares me , and there is a long Pause * ... 
Me : " WHAT !?! " 
Tramp Anon ... Look it up ... ( LERN2ED ) 
LOL ... The " Truth Game " is hilarious when you get Sex Inappropriate Questions . 
" Do you think [ dudes name ] would look good in a Miniskirt " 
Clearly , you have to answer " Yes " or be shunned ! XD 
* Dude Glares me , and there is a long Pause * 
Want to see a list of Racists , Hypocrites , and Intolerant Fucks unaware of what they are ? Some White Dude : " Sup mah N***er ?? " 
* The Racist * " Dude , you can't say that even though we're friends . I know you mean it in the good way , but white people just can't say it . " 
For some reason ... I just can't shock people like I used to . 
Bastards have become Immune or some shit . Well , off to Fallout ! 
I'm packing today , and will be hanging tomorrow . Then gonna be gone from Sunday till the next Saturday . 
Vacation time . 
I'm having a REALLY hard time with this one Problem ... 
" Well That's just your Opinion . I think YOU SUCK ! " 
" Okay , You're right , it was an Opinion . But I'll state a Fact : Football is Gay . 
You dress up in Tights . Tackle other dudes in Tights to the Ground over a Ball . Sometimes many men in Tights do this at once In a " Dog Pile " and They do it for the entertainment of other men . This sounds like a Bad Homoerotic Porn Flick . " 
Going to do GED in like , 30 mins . 
Sometimes I think I'm Drowning . 
I won't change for Myself and there's n o-o ne for me to change for . 
So I'm pretty well fucked . XD 
Another Section of the GED tomorrow .. I can't sleep , and this one is gonna be a 2 hour long section . If I get as tense tomorrow as I did today I'll go insane . 
I Love Scrubs . 
" Now , I know you say you love us all equally . But you don't , do you ? I'm onto yah Big Man . Oh ho ho . " * Check mate Smile * - Dr. Cox talking to God after Jordan hit his Ego where it hurts . 
Just Checking Up on Shit ... BACK TO NEW VEGAS AND THE IMPOSSIBLE RETURN TO SENDER QUEST ! 
Bye Bye , GED , back in 3-4 Hours . 
Satan = Santa = Stan 
I'm Right and you Know It ! 
Is IM Giving anyone else Trouble right now ? 
Going for Walk 
Going to go start a new Game for Fallout ; New Vegas on Hardcore mode . 
I'll also be playing my current game , so wish me luck XD 
I actually feel like I just dropped a chore . 
It's kinda more refreshing than I expected . 
The Subtle Diss is not so Subtle . 
Does my Computer Deceive me ? 
Have I silenced them ? Have I killed the Un-Worthy Foe ? 
By the Gods , someone give me a Metal ! 
For I have stopped a Horde of Trolls and the Idiots upon which they feed ! 
Even if it's only for a moment ... The Silence is an accomplishment . 
BOW TO ME MOTHER FUCKERS ! 
* Eye's Twitch * 
Ever get the suspicion someone is trying to fuck with your head ? 
But it's so subtle , you don't have grounds for confrontation ? 
I've just realized how much of a nerd I am .. I've spent all day watching SW Tributes On Youtube . XD 
Fuck the Fucking Fuckers . Fuck is an Amazing word . 
( I WILL CONTROL THIS FUCKING " WORDS I USE APP " LIKE IT " S MAH BITCH ! ) 
Night Night Bitches ... 
And the rest of you I'm not on well enough terms to call a " Bitch " in a playful manner . 
Noises , Noises , People Make Noises 
People Make Noises when They're Sick 
Nothing to do Except Hold On to Nothing ! 
I'm So Pissed , and you know who you are ! 
I swear I'm changing my Password in the Morning . 
This is Fucked Up ! 
Dude , I use Dude way too much ! Like , 12 times Dude ! 15 now I think Dude ... 
No wait , 16 Dude . AH FUCK ! 18 Dude ! LOL 
I must say : some of this stuff on the News Feed is odd . 
It's like some things make NO Sense at all . 
Others are song lyrics . 
Some seem to require knowledge you don't have . 
So ... I'm going to start a campaign where I will attempt to get the most " WTF " s . 
I will continue to do this until I start understanding at LEAST 2/3 of the Updates I read . 
Ever have to hear an Attractive person complain about the one little part of them that isn't 100% perfect ? To Smile , being Cordial and Sympathetic , but ... 
The Entire time you're wanting to say " EXCUSE ME ?!? IS THAT IT ?! " then point out ACTUAL flaws about yourself . Then you wonder if they'd still bitch as you look around you , noticing all of the every day objects that could be used to beat someone to their senses . 
3 Straight Days of watching Criminal Minds on Tudo ... 
Now I see serial killers everywhere I look ! My Gods , I know it's not good for my mental health but I can't help but watch this damn show ! XD 
