Thanks everyone ! ' Twas a happy one , indeed . 
Once again , can't sleep ... 
I seem to be over my fever . 
Just made a black pearl in Hexic HD . Changed name to Sir Awesome Kickass I . 
I'm certain I've done something cool recently , but I can't remember anything . More on this after the break ... 
I'm rubbish with significant figures . :( 
Yum , food . Happy Yom Kippur . 
L'shana tova , everybody ! 
Hey , you . 
Anybody else have a deviantart account ? Don't answer if I already know you do . That means YOU , Jessica . 
Making progress with chainmaille . I now have a chainmaille bib , which helps , because I spill food on myself most when I'm dueling . 
Unpacked the posters . They're beautiful . 
Had I known Metalocalypse was such a good show , I would have started watching sooner . 
LOZ posters came in today ! Woot ! 
My Xbox is back ! 
Seeing as how I can't change my profile pic back to an older one , I'll just have to make my new one super cool awesome . 
Happy Hanukka ! 
Begun making chainmaille . :) Hand now hurts . :( 
It's my BIRTHDAY ! HAPPY BIRTHDAY , YOU CRAZY KID ! 
Made a game . Nobody on to play it with . :( 
Has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like ? 
Did I mention I can drive now ? 
The best part about diners is , if something goes wrong with your order , they'll give you twice as much of whatever you want . 
Ugh , how do you properly describe an unsolved murder from 1947 ? :( 
Did anyone else read Catcher In The Rye with the voice of Woody Allen narrating ? ... Morgan Freeman would be so much better . 
40-page outlines sure are fun . 
Just saw Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs . Hilarious . 
Almost done outline . Hooray for me ! 
Hey , everybody go to run -> C : \Windows\Media\onestop . mid 
Done my outline ! 40 pages condensed into 14 . BOOYA ! 
Everyone , hold your nose shut and try to hum ! But don't kill yourselves . 
Was surprisingly having a good time at synagogue , but fasting with nobody to talk to really sucks . 

Is it just me , or is everyone having a bad day ? 
Back from Gratz College orientation . Anybody else going to any other branches ? 
Out of Orange Juice . What do I do ?! 
SAT score came in ! Hooray ! 
The shortness of these Bio outlines are actually making them take longer . 
BBC's Life is an incredible series , but watching an aye-aye hunt is the stuff of nightmares . 
So bored I could rip my own eyes out ! On the bright side , found my old wallet in the couch , with $20 inside . 
Hey , if anyone wants an invite to Lockerz , tell me . 
Watch out ! It's right behind you ! 
Something interesting to do : Write a to-do list of things you want to learn/projects you want to do . Try working on maybe one of them , but fold up the list and put it somewhere you can forget about ( like a shelf ) , but somewhere that it won't get completely lost . Wait months , maybe year , and find it again . See what's gotten done . It's very satisfying when you realize how much progress you can make . 
Maybe Black Mesa ... 
Anybody ever see Amadeus ? 
Finally beat Golden Sun for the first time . Onto the second ! 
Got into school early today . Too bad we had a 2 hour delay from the snow . 
Rise and shine , everyone ! Time to get up and ... um ... try to go to sleep ! 
Just got Deus Ex . What sorts of things can I expect ? 
Man , this whole " staying awake " thing is really disorienting . Least I got a nice haircut out of it . 
Thanks everybody ! Was a great birthday . 
So , eating an orange + drinking creme soda = orange creamsicle soda . 
Kidz Bop has ruined Hannah Montana for me . I just can't listen to her anymore . 
Yay , such a fun day ! 
Especially happy about placing 2nd of 37 in lasertag ! I feel so skilled >.> 
Why is a raven like a writing desk ? 
My brain just invented a new dance move , and it looks amazing . Unfortunately , it's impossible for the rest of the body to twist like that ... 
New monitor ! It's freaking ginormous , 22 " ! 
If you're not part of the solution , you're part of the precipitate . 
I really do feel like such a nerd . That Bio outline made too much sense , and I liked it too much . 
Anybody have the packet 
for AP History's summer reading ? :/ 
Professor Layton . 
Man , does that have some F'ed up puzzles to solve . 
Double rainbow . It's so vivid ... 
Trying to think of a good movie to watch that I haven't seen . Any suggestions ? Don't care who answers , wouldn't mind suggestions from people I don't talk to often . 
Seen too many action movies recently , so let's try and go for something calmer , maybe one focused more on the plot . 
Done reading John Adams . Yay for me ! 
So , any bets on if we'll have school ? 
Did I miss anyone at the OK Go concert ? 
Money sandwich- On the one hand , it tastes terrible . On the other , it's money . 
Smells like pancakes :) 
Bet it's not :( 
Hey , anybody mind helping me pick a movie ? Which one should I buy ? The options are : Shawshank Redemption , Fifth Element , Hook , Hellboy , or Across the Universe . 
" Holyfield's ear tastes Tyson with ketchup " 
-Sister's college textbook 
Hey everyone ! When I say " Pandora " , what's the first one that comes to mind ? 
Wow , can't remember the last time I was ever this unhappy . :( 
This is really weird . Ah well , maybe it'll undo itself quickly ... 
Shana Tova everybody ! 
Even my non-Jew friends . 
I can ride my bike with no metronome . 
And that , my friends , is called a finished project . 
Happy New Year , everyone ! 
Real men take their cookies out of the oven WITHOUT MITTS ! > : 0 
Shipping confirmed ! :D 
4-10 Days :/ 
Just got ' Splosion man . Pretty nifty game . The controller options are really funny . 
My computer is finally back together , and upgraded at that ! It's not a monster , but it's pushing beast territory . 
Back to work , Harris ! >:( 
Alright , alright , I'm sorry ! :( 
Two words : Nerf Vulcan . 
Wow , it's ridiculously bright outside right now . 
Huh , it's brighter now than it was at 7 . 
I try to be distracting , but it always just ends up insightful . :( 
Just got Mirror's Edge . Anybody have it ? What am I in for ? 
Got B & :P :( 
Everybody using Firefox , type about : robots in the url bar . 
Man , just imagining how much I would have regretted staying home tonight . Too much fun . 
But man , am I tired now . 
Getting mail is always nice , especially when it comes with $50 and a game . 
Best thing to whisper to someone in their sleep : " Where did you put the key ? " 
Ugh , there's just not enough hours in the day . So much still to do ! 
