Headin to ROOOllla ... for hair supplies . ... good thing im an excccellllent driver and like drivin in the snow :D 
isn't it great to find , that you're really worth nothing ? And how safe it is , to feel safe ... :/ 
id add more photos but my brain is on shut down mode .. i shouldnt even be on here lol . 
If your DAD is a hard working MAN , your HERO , helped you no matter how bad you were , or is just the BEST DAD EVER . If you are blessed to still have your DAD or if he is an ANGEL in heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are PROUD of your DAD , and that you LOVE HIM DEARLY . You can replace a lot of people in life , but ... you only have one DAD . 
Wow I really do like Glenn Beck 
I ran my mouth a BIT too much , oh what did I say ? 
Well you just laughted it off , and its all okay 
Blunted eyes of the youth search for a guide 
A thug is a lost man in disguise 
The rise and fall of a nation 
Even when the buildings tumble , I still stand tall 

I walk through the valley wit a life preserver 
Feelin ' at times , that I might just murder 
Yo that ain't what I was sent for 
I want folks to say his life it meant more 
Than any car , any rock , or any broad 
He found geto heaven in himself and God 
i want to disappear . 
If i had a 3000 dollars i would just get in my car and start driving . 
I must be the only one on facebook : O 
Wouldn't that be somethin if I could WIN myself a nice Valentines day present ? yeaaah ... yeahh , that's what I'm gonna do . I'll be DAMNED if I spend the day curled up in the fetal postition with " all by myself '' by Mariah Carey on repeat !! .. again ... jk :P 
Aw ... that guy on the Steelers that broke his collar bone- feel bad for him .. how did he do that ? ... 
Nothin like bein stood up on the 4th of July AND New Years !! WOOOHOOO !! HAAAAAAAAPY NEW YEAR ! ..... lol . 
You are being picked up from the river of apathy , and being baptized in the lake of fire today .. ( relating to physical training ) .. I think I'm in love with the trainer on ' I Used To Be Fat ' <3 
301 Historic Rt 66 .. Is that the Courthouse , anyone know ?? 
I was starin at the sky , just lookin for a star 
to pray on , or wish on or somethin like that 
I was havein a sweet fix , of a daydream of a boy 
who's reality I knew was hopless to be had 
but then the dove of hope began its downward slope 
and I believed for a moment that 
my chances were approaching to be grand 
but as it came down near , so did a weary tear 
I thought it was a bird , but it was Just a paper bag . 
' Cause , its a bitter sweet symphony . Thats life . 
Tryin ' to make ends meet . 
You're a slave to money , then you die . 
.. and i swear to this .. she felt like velvet . . . second blonde child . . . like velvet .. velvet . 
ugggh .. i no feel so good :( 
I think my CHI died ... and i have a lions mane on top of my head ! 
hate is a strong word .. but ... 
and i hate him . 
Mix the chemicals right dear + up down x .. ?? yeaah ...... daaaaaaaaamn !!! 
dont have any phone numbers this week .. if you want the number im using let me know . 
Gay . 
Happy Birthday Michael Clyburn ! 
Really tired of caring about being friends and being close with people in general who dont care . 
In a confident fashion 
I will admit my deepest and darkest to her 
And every gaze across the table 
will send my un-suspecting body into shock 
And then ill say , " Would you like to go inside , 
and forget the world and the rules by which we are to abide ? " 
... And she will say , " there's nothing i want more . " 
as we step into the room , 
turn off the light and close the door .. 
CHARLES WOODSON ! GREENBAY ! .. 
Pandora , Please lead the way ! 
: ( ..... oh well . 
You keep your riches , ill sew my stitches . 
I closed my eyes , 
and wished you could see into me 
but you couldn't . 
you saw the distorted image , 
painfully . 
for that , I'm sorry . 
I miss you . 
But I had to let you go . 
if you care too look into it more deeply , 
than I Believe In Silence . Papi . 
... is what I would say , .... if you could see .... 
S . J . R . 
I think i've only had a Valentine 2 ... maybe 3 years of my existance . Stellar . 
Watching these after game interviews .. the quarterback from Greenbay I believe .. man that guy is humble . . . " Good things come to those who wait " 
Do I overdress to an interview at the gym FB friends ?? HELP !!! 
Weeelll .. I got a callback for housekeeping on post .. hmm ... 
2 days ago , 
I was having a look , in a book , 
and I saw a pictured of a guy fried up above his knee . 
I said I can relate , ' cause lately i've been 
thinking of combustication as a welcome 
vacation from the planet Earth . 
Like , Gravity , Hypocracy , and the parrol's of being in 3D , 
.. but thinking so much differently . 
I absolutely from the depths of the fibers of my heart muscle .. adore .. my ... future boyfriend . :/ .. yeah .... :p 
Im bout to close my eyes go numb . But there's a cold wind coming from- from the top of the highest highrise today . Its not a breeze cuz it blows hard . It said it want's me to discard the humanity . I now watch the warmth blow away . 
is sad . 
K , bout to do this brunette thing --- if i can get the balls ! 
So you can run and tell that ! Run and tell that ! Home-boy , home-boy .. home home home-boy ! 
And we can have a pleasant time sippin margarita , ch- ch- chyeea .. Can I live ?? 
My mind is infested with sick thoughts , that circle like a lexus ... If driven wrong , they sure to hurt you 
We all feinds Even Righteous minds go through this , TRUE this . 
Winter storm a brewin ' ... wooohoo ! 
Richland won ... now I get to go home and be alone . ugh . 
and darkness is fading in .. and darkness is real ... 
Just called in and was on the radio and qualified myself for a trip to JUUUUUPITER FLORIDA ! wooohooo :D -made my night- : ] 
And the skeptic in me shall remain until further notice . . . on another note : Merry Christmas All :) 
26+ ? ..... Might be a good idea . 
:) 
SOMEONE PUT ME OUT OF MY MISSOURI . 
Just as Christ was a superstar , you stupid star 
They'll hail you then they'll nail you , no matter who you are 
They'll make you now then take you down 
And make you face it , if you slit the bag open 
and put your pinky in it , then taste it 
Come on baby , light my fire 
Everything you drop is so tired 
Music is supposed to inspire 
So , how come we ain't getting no higher 
An hour of That 70's show at 1:00 am .. the perfect way to fall asleep ! :D .. or if you're another percentage of the population .. good for you lol ... 
Man . Im tired . 
Its driven me before , and it seems to be the way that everyone else gets around . But lately I'm beginning to find that when I drive myself , my light is found . 
MMMM ... Go-gurt ... 
Listening to XFM London ( London , UK ) ... awesome . 
Facebook will be shut down March 15th ................... :] 
OOFTA !! 
Interview . 
I got an interview YAYaaa ! 
Now we could be like those exposed to history 
Like stayin wit eachother through truth and chivalry 
The things we go through , they shape identity 
Yes pretty 
lets do this all night 
there's never a right time .... 
I guess that's my answer lol . 
Has anyone had strep throat and taken penicillin ? how Often did you take it ? 
Headlight out , weiiiiiiiiiiiirdddd night . NIIIICE .... hahahahhahaha 
Not looking forward to any part of tomorrow . 
Some will fall in love with life and drink it from a fountain that's pouring like an avalanche , coming down the mountain . 
Death to that dream . And to all happy couples :) ... but i really am happy for you though ... :) jk jk 
The way I are . 
CCCCCCCCeiling fan in face- not cool ! 
While you scream at your woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper in her ear . While you humiliate , offend , and insult her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how beautiful she is . While you hurt her , there's a man wishing he could take her pain away . While you make her cry , there's a man stealing smiles from her . If you are against Domestic Violence and Mental Abuse post this on your wall 
Can't undo what's already been done . Oh well , movin forward . 
No-body likes a douchebag . Don't be a douchebag . :)) 
Natalie Maday's Epiphay of the Day . 1-08-11 : " What if I really DID break my nose AGAIN- setting it back to being straight- when the ceiling fan whacked me in the face ?......... wow , everything DOES happen for a reason !! :D " 
Now and forever I stand to sever all ties and connections 
To recollections of pain and fear 
Family society authority and every peer 
Swallowing tears lining my stomach 
I'm getting freer every second eroding and exploding 
All these corporate deceptions right here I'm out 
Mental prison bars block our minds 
Youths truth sold and televised 
I never bought it and I wont play your game's for fame 
Are we just rats in a pipers tune soothed 
Scrappin ' for cheese in a maze made to loose 
I know I'm not and I won't eat your food , subdued 
I don't care if your right or if I'm always wrong 
Just wanna sing my song before this whole world's 
Gone .. 
So a group of guys thought I was 17 today ... score . 
Oh how I wish I had Brandon Boyd's music on my Ipod right now .. * sigh * 
Anyone good with using Itunes ? i need hellpp ! ... or with getting music on an ipod , period ... 
John 3:16 
Mom , why didn't you have an abortion . lol . 
Okay I think I might have strepp throat but Im not sure ?? Has anyone had it recently or can tell me what the syptoms are ? The past two days i've been achey , tired , chills , and my throats been so sore its hard to swallow . Today im not achey and no chills , but my throat is still KILLING me . . .? 
Good day at work . Can't help but wish i was at a superbowl party though . 
Hardy har har har 
listening to KFOG ( San Francisco , CA ) Adult contemporary radio station- this is aweeeeesome . I need to move there . Right now they're haveing a dedication of songs and Martin Luther King's speeches playing right now . Love it . 
Watchin my sis cheer again today ! .... she's my hero .. * welp * :D he he he 
It kinda takes the fun away from talkin ' to someone knowin ' they talk to others lol . 
" The human heart is like a ship on a stormy sea- Driven about by winds blowing from all four corners of heaven " 
I really like What Chili Wants on VH1- glad Im not the only one with issues with guys , but at the same time she's tryin to fix them . She's like a good role model .. buuut , it IS a gorgeous day so I might just have to turn the box off , n go do somethin to enjoy it ! Hope everyone has a good day ! 
chillaxin with the goats n pigs n dowwgies at the land :p 
I love being acknowledged . :D ;) ... or talking to myself . 
HAAAAIL !!! ...? 
GO FOR HIM CHILI !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Its raaainin . its poooourin .. evverrybodddy's snoooorrrin ' haha . okay im done . 
I put my fingers in my eyes .... 
Foiling your own hair ... is NOT an easy task ... 
On this day , back in 1994 , Nirvana played their final ever concert when they appeared at The Terminal Einz in Munich , Germany . The 3,000 capacity venue was a small Airport Hanger . The power went off during the show so they played an impromptu acoustic set including a version of The Cars ' My Best Friend's Girl . ' 
People try to play matchmaker for me ... haha :) 
" The ink ? of a scholar is worth a thousand times more than the blood of a martyr " 
Wishing I had something to dooo 
:/ . . . .. . . . .. . . . .. 
How much more pathetic can one 26 year old single female get on a friday night ? We will attempt to reveal the answer tonight , on ..... 
Charlie Sheen 47 , is all over the news because he's a celebrity drug addict . While Andrew Wilfahrt 31 , Brian Tabada 21 , Rudolph Hizon 22 , & Chauncy Mays 25 are all soldiers who gave their lives this week with no media mention . Honor THEM by re-posting this status . 
Just applied to like 6 jobs 
Watching Dateline NBC- about bullying . Pretty interesting , you should check it out . They're about to show some young teenage women- forgot how brutal some young ladies can be at that age . geeze 
On this app , they ask how much I have with ' commercial accounts ' ... its at Autozone .. what does that even mean ? 
If you need a place to download music , go to Wondershare.com and download wondershare streaming audio recorder . Once you've done that , you can pretty much go to anywhere on the internet ( for example : youtube ) .. play a song , and once the song/video starts , you simply click ' record ' and it records the song onto your computer where you can then add it to Itunes .. awesome :D 
Just finished putting in my app to GNC .. wish em luck , i'd REALLY like to work there ! 
Jewel and Tyrese are great artists . But .... on a track , toGETHER ?? .... ummm .. 
·´¯`· . ´¯`· . ¸¸ . ·´¯`· . ¸PRAYER WAVE¸ . ·´¯`· . ´¯`· . ¸¸ . ·´¯`· . ¸ Going out to all those affected in Japan , the Pacific and everywhere else affected by the earthquake and tsunami . Keep this going ? Our prayers are with you . 
Might go out .... hmmm .... 
So .. I wonder if Walmart n Mcdonalds n Albertsons are open .... 
My life for hire . 
its 4:00 ??? O_O ... I did NOT realize that . 
If you want real talk , no gimmicks , -Ever Increasing Faith ( Ministries ) . Let me just say That . 
Love . Always . Shines . Everytime . Remember . 2 . Smile . thankyou Lupe Fiasco 
didn't get the job . s**t is not goin my way right now . 
sooo .. the mercury from thermometer's is bad for you .. right .. 
* falls back in chair * YOU LOST 14 POUNDS IN A WEEK ? * high five * THAT IS INNSANE ! That is GNARLY !! -yep its the trainer guy on I Used To Be Fat again .. i want a man like him !!!! 
Intro-view 
What a day in Libya .... 
Bout to do WORK son . 
I'm home .... mmmhmmm 
I take it back , today is actually goin well .. besides my front door knob falling off upon leaving the apt this morning .. o_O ... i THINK its fixed ..? lol . 1st day of training today . Then , I'm taking myself on a movie date later :) .. The motivational speaker woman on the radio gave me inspiration this morning .. " Valentines day is about LOVE . Not being in relationships in general " .. allrighty then . Happy V-day 
I want to play a sport . 
After two hair washings , why does my hair STILL smell like bonfire !! ? 
I like him ..... 
wtf i haven't been this sick in like 2 1/2 years 
You know you're a true artist when : You will stay awake till all hours of the morning painting your face . 
So , this #stuff is from Twitter ?? ohhhhh i seeeeeee 
I LOVE LUPE ! -Love . Always . Shines . Every . Time . Remember . To . Smile . ! 
My throat is REALLY starting to hurt ... :(( I better not get strepp again !! .. anyone have any remedies ? :/ 
LOL 
ohhh dontcha know ... oooowwwe ' nellay 
anddd .... 
its 5 ....... 
90 degrees ?? What is wrong with this picture ... o_O ... 
90 to 45 degrees .. hot damn . 
The clouds ran away , opened up the sky 
and one by one , I watched every constellation die . 
And there I was , frozen , 
standing in my backyard . 
Face to face , eye to eye , 
staring at the last star 
I should have known , walked all the way home , 
to find that she wasn't there . 
I was still all alone . 
Wow the past few days have happened so fast .. kinda .. lol . Wow lol . Good to go :P 
Well looks like Minnesota in the next couple days :) 
Blah blah blah , I'm tired of trying to explain where I'm coming from to people , only for them to use it against me . LAME . 
Wish I knew how to cancel a friend request to someone .. lol ? 
Was that a sonic boom ? lol why do I have to wake up and think our country has gone to war . LOL 
Anderson Cooper is talking about Snookie on his show , this is great haha 
Well anyway , I meant to type this earlier , but , Maggie Montgomery and Kaden Smith -had a good time seein ' yall today :) Glad we got to surprise him . Success :)) and by the way Maggie .... that song isn't called SONG ! JERK ! :P hahaha :) 
Apparently Lailah laughed in here sleep :) That makes my day :) 
Me : hello 911 id like to report rape . 
911 : who is ? the victim . 
Me : the replay button 
... I found this on youtube . :) 
Ok so tomorrow should be the day for MN . Can't wait- just a lot to do . It'll work out though , and I can't wait to just get in my car and drive for hours .. and hours .. I'll bet it's like getting on a horse and riding .. Okay anyway , I have a lot to be thankful for . 
I see enough cattiness(sp ? ) as it is- why did I just watch that show where the two bartenders have to go at it to keep their bartending postition ? lol . 
Not wanting to go back to Mo . Ever . lol :) 
Happy Resurrection Day 
