now finaly has [ PROTOTYPE ] and it is a religious experiece 
* sigh * Bored 
enjoys being sadistic 
Who cares ? It's not my rocket launcher anyway . 
Michael Jackson just died ... hmmm , ok Timmy , it is safe to come out now ! 
just got back from Harry Potter . There is a part when Harry was high ! 
Beware the lolcats ( and baby seals ) , they can see into your soul ! 
How is it that everyone is going on vacations ... EXCEPT ME !!!?! 
employee of the month is one example that someone can be a winner AND a loser at the same time 
sounds like it's gonna rain 
chat 
I don't care what is on fire right now , as long as something is burning . ;) 
needs to get together with his friends at some point 
woohoo ! fish tonight ! 
I need some more books 
has a warped sense of humor . Got a problem with that ? He will now go laugh at the guy who's car just got T-boned , and contestants of the " Special " Olympics . 
My Xbox 360 profile got corrupted so I lost my Gamerscore and achievements . BUMMER ! 
One more week ' till school . Me is bummed . 
I got 2 science courses in 1 semester . wtf ? 
If I make it through today , I will have survived my first week of Sophmore year . C'mon everyone lets give ourselves a round o ' applause , we deserve it ! 
So North Carolina doesn't suck ? Well then , can you recall one good thing that has happened to me since coming to NC ? Because I sure can't . 
when people talk in thier native language , why do they always sound angry ? 
2nd week down , alot to go . 
is laughing at YOU France ! 
the word " verb " is a noun , and the act of thinking and stating that the word " verb " is a noun is , infact , a verb . To see my mind clearly , you gotta look sideways and squint . 
desperatly needs new literature 
is goin ' to the Mudcat's stadium tomarrow . I hate cleaning the warning track . 
" When I look at the world , I can't help but to think that it is dying . It's full of nobodies and failures . People easily forgotten . Sure , it's fun to hear stories about heros . Valiant knights and warriors who fought for what they believed in , ect . But how many unheard stories are there ... where the hero doesn't succeed ? With that said and whether it be for good or for evil , I want my story to be told . -> 
Well my friends , we survived our first week of the school year . I believe congrats are in order so , " Congrats ! " With mutual support from one another , I believe we can make it through this year like nuthin ' happened . So hands in ! * puts hand in circle of friends * ( leave comment that says hands in ) 
FINALLY got my computer back , need some fun this weekend , anythin ' happenin' ? 
so what would happen if I put a firework in a microwave ? 
2nd week down , 171 days to go . 
doesn't wanna go to school 
gotta help my grandma move today 
what good are evil robots if they don't work for you ? 
is annoyed by the fact that it has be come an accepted fact that spartan warriors ran around in leather under garments . What the heck , people ? 
has to research the genetic disorder Spina Bifida , a disorder that causes your spine to have holes in it , for Biology . * groan * 
" How strange it is , that one should be called " geek " by those one doesn't know , while being ignored by those one does know . How strange . " 
hates when you see a halfway decent looking mmo , but then it turns out you have to buy stuff in order to play . argh !! 
woohoo ! my computer is fixed ! 
" Stupidity killed the cat , Curiosity was framed . " - Enigma 
3rd week , ok lets go ! 
Computer's back again . stay alive darn it ! 
boredboredboredboredbored BOOOOOORED ! 
What good are zombies if they don't work for you ? 
crap ! My computer died again . 
MADNESS does not always howl . Sometimes , it is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying , " Hey , is there room in your head for one more ? " 
vacation 
PESSIMISM Every dark cloud has a silver lining , but lightning kills hundreds of people each year who are trying to find it . 
I didn't get my scores 
is screaming at the clouds " SNOW DARNIT !!!!! " 
yeah , weekend ! I lived to fight another week . 
so ... bored ... need ... engaging ... conversation . 
needs to find some kind of entertainment . Fast . 
' s brain is still on vacation 
no matter what anyone says , I will still think Walt Disney is frozen is a secret cryogenics lab 
is taking care of a cat . 
is going to focus all his power on 1 object , and see if it moves or bursts into flame . 
right , my 1st attempt at mental powers failed , gonna try harder , we'll see what happens first , telekenisis or aneurysm 
* exasperated sigh * 
just stepped on 3 tacks in 1 second . Owww ! 
tomarrow is when we get our PSAT scores back . fingers crossed 
just learned a new word : blackburied , the feeling you get from keeping up with E-mail on a hand-held device . 
My class schedule is : Assassination and espionage , Advanced Psionics , Social Manipulation and Propaganda , and Spanish 1 . This will be a fun semester . 
week end ! yes , I made it ! I live to hate another week . 
I didn't have to go to school for the past 2 days so I get a 5 day weekend !!! WOOOOOOHOOOOOO 
hmm , new year . can't say I'm that excited . 
wow , this is uber good tea . 
ok , ya know what ? Tuesdays and me are done . 
remembers when cartoons used to be cool . 
What ? Evil genius ? Who , me ? No ...... Haha , they'll never know . 
WARNING : If you put something stupid on this wall such as a request related to farmville or something related , someone from upper management ( aka : ME ) will find you , light you on fire and glue your face to your computer screen . the same goes for really dumb wall posts and friend requests from people I don't know . Thank you and have a nice day . :) 
just went out for mexican food . Shrimp quesadillas = yum 
doesn't want to go to school tomarrow 
Wow , so we're moving . Don't worry though , it's just next door . 
Watchin ' The X-Files . Hell Yeah ! 
Got a hair cut . Scalp is now cold . 
According to suicide statistics , Monday is the most prefered time for self-destruction . Enjoy your Monday ... or not . 
When in Rome , Do as the Visigoths did . 
Watchin ' the X-Files . 
Power Corrupts . Absolute Power ... is a whole lot of fun ! 
Cleaning behind my dresser for move . Just scored a super-ball . EPIC WIN ! 
Had an interesting idea for a play . Sherlock Holmes vs . Jack the Ripper , but it turns out that Holmes is crazy and that he is , in fact , Jack the Ripper . 
Just got Dragon Age 2 ! 
Weekend . 
No Internet , Have to use my apartment complex's computer center . Ugh . Stupid moving ! No internet or cable ! 
Well , we're more or less moved into the new place , and I must say , it's pretty good . Halfway decent water-pressure , more counterspace , my room has a ceiling fan ... pretty good . 
coffee gooooooood ... 
Destination Truth Live 
Friday . Hello weekend , long time , no see . 
Ah , Friday night , no responsibilities except to my Xbox . life is good . 
delicious Italian food with my family , including Papa Jack . No matter how nuts , insane , wierd , or odd they are , I love my Family . 
Weekend . WIN ! 
Mom and sister looking at my baby book . Ugh , embarrassment . 
Dinner at home with Papa Jack . Leg of lamb , roasted potatoes , and salad . Good stuff . 
ants to say something to all vampires : You are an apex predator , stop whining , start killing ! 
Just have to deal with one more day in purgator- oops , I mean , uh , " school , " then it's a nice , three day weekend . 
bored 
mmmm ... coffee 
Destination Truth ! 
wishes his eyes would leak blue flames/smoke like a Grey Warden . 
do I have to go to school ? 
yeah , well , a neighboring country has declined my generous offer for them to surrender , so , sending out my assassination corps now . While the nobility squabble for power after the royal family's death and the country is in civil war , I come in with my troops and take the capital . I get several new fiefdoms to distribute to my barons , and a land that produces very good weapons and armor . All Hail The Overlord . 
wants to learn how to double jump 
ok , a Chuck Norris Roundhouse Kick is supposed to be the most powerful attack ever , being able to rip through time . But Captain Falcon's Falcon Punch is also supposed to be the most powerful attack ever , with it consuming half the universe with pure energy . So , what would happen if Chuck met Falcon , and they did their signature attacks ... and they smashed together ? What happens ? Who wins ? Poll open now . 
Hostages : Useless against those who wish to kill BOTH of you . 
An apple a day ... means medical staff and equipment cut backs . Try a burger . 
Today is Darwin's 202nd birthday ! Share this status if you or anyone you know came from a monkey and is glad for that fact . 
went to gamestop today , got a new copy of Mass Effect 2 , so I got Cerberus Network DLC , plus Terminus DLC , just ' cause the guy had some extras . good day . :) 
some decent thunder and lightning tonight . ' bout time . I love the sound of a good storm . 
Videogame withdrawal syptoms : Twitchy thumbs , Hallucinations of a videogame HUD , Humming videogame theme music , Compulsive reading , Watching Robin Williams Stand-up , Foot cramps , Thoughts of killing tiny fluffy animals , Depression , Irritability , Goofyness . If symptoms become too severe , watch gaming vids on youtube . If problems persist , start gaming immediatly and call your doctor . 
a word that appears in the book , " Finnegan's Wake " : bababadalgharaghtakamminarronnkonnbronntonnerronntuonnthunntrovarrhounawnskawntoohoohoordenenthurnuk 
Wizards have the COOLEST paperweights 
Please , hold still while I light you on fire . 
I have a choice between 2 camps this summer , Black Mesa summer camp , or Aperture Training and Science camp . hmm , which one , which one ... 
Yes ! Finally 16 ! Happy Birthday to me ! 
is currently enveloped in the Great American passtime ... sitting infront of a computer screen 
Gettin ' Black Ops today 
want to give a dolphin gills 
Fire : The coolest thing in the world . Just like play-doh except its hot . And you can't squeeze it in your hands . And it isn't multiple colors . And it doesnt smell like crap . And unlike play-doh it can burn down houses and forests . Come to think of it , its not really like play-doh at all .... Crap 
I now have a mic for my PC . I think I'll do some audio recordings of books . Why ? ' cause I'm bored out of my skull . 
unimpressive first day . gonna ' be bored this semester . ' cept for 2nd period , that's gonna be fun . 
Oh look , the new year . What ever . 
yay ! Ramen tonight ! yum . 
wants to disguise a flamethrower as a fire-extinguisher . That would cause some laughs . 
6 hours , that is approximately how long the average human can stay under flourescent lights , in a school before suffering permanent damage to one's soul and mind . On an average day , we stay in school from 8:00 to 3:00 . 7 hours . Ain't that just perfect ? 
what's the Ideal meeting place for the zombie apocalyps ? 
just gotta survive Monday , then I'm outta there ! 
is currently playing Fallout 3 in preparation for Fallout : NV . I didn't get NV yet because I still hear about devastating , game ending bugs , so I'll wait for the patched Platnum Edition to come out . 
is thinking about doing a videogame video walkthrough on youtube . He doesn't know what game to do yet though . 
my sister got Left 4 Dead 2 for her birthday . and after seeing her play , I'm not sure if I want her in my Recon/Survivor Retrieval team or not . 
Oh boy ! Happy new- yeah , I can't do this . It's a new year , time to change your calendar . What ever . Don't really see the big deal here . 
just walked into Mordor . Hmm ... it's a bit stuffy here . 
Ugh , don't feel good . 
What happens when your conscience is as pissed as you are ? 
My dad and I thought up some ways to make soccer a bit more ... interesting . Some of the things we thought up are : 1 . setting the ball on fire . 2 . landmines set randomly around the soccer pitch . 3 . have a system of metal pistons that randomly shoot up out of the ground . 4 . have the ball attack the players . 5 . half-time gladiator tournaments . 
more improvements pending . 
To all those that apply , stop sending me Farmville gift requests , or I'll use your soul to power my iPod . 
is pissed . He can't find Dead Space : Downfall on youtube . Stupid copyright claims that are most likely fake ! 
Well computer virus , It would seem that I have come out on top . 
80% of teens would cry if they saw Justin Bieber on a skyscraper about to jump . If you are one of the 20% who would be wearing 3-D glasses , eating popcorn and yelling " DO A BARREL-ROLL ! " , copy this status and put it on your page . 
In the beginning , the Universe was created . This made a lot of people ? angry and was widely regarded as a bad move . 
How much you wanna ' bet that the Twilight spoof " Vampires Suck " will make more box office cash than the Twilight films ? 
doesn't like the new freecreditreport.com band . 
Bow down before The Lord and Master ... me . 
" People " is the the plural form of " Stupid " 
error 404 : status not found 
SHARK WEEK ! YEEEEEEEES !!!!!!! 
wonders who had the bright idea to make the syrup spout into the shape of a smiley face . I looks like the bottle is vomiting syrup on my waffles , and enjoying it . 
" The world is a mess , and I just need to rule it . " 
alright ! I have my Assassin's Creed : Brotherhood Pre-order completely paid off . So now I can just pick it up from Gamestop on Nov . 16 . AKA THIS TUESDAY ! 
I'm not against off-shore drilling . I'm against people doing a botched job of fixing things . 
Don't worry , just hold still , I need to check that this machete still works . * shunk * Yep ! Still works ! Now to test if the garbage disposal still does ... 
It's finally Friday . 
ungh , being sick SUCKS . head ache , muscle ache , sore throat , clogged sinuses , and eyes that are hyper-sensitive to light . ARRGH !! bright side ? potato soup . yum . 
* sigh * Hurricane Earl , you disapoint me . 
you never see wild goldfish ... 
Coruscant Public Service Announcement : Remember Younglings , Running through the Jedi Temple with an ignited lightsaber may lead to serious injury and property damage , however , it is also shown to be really AWESOME , so we have provided powered down practice sabers , so you may look cool in a perfectly safe environment . 
Only a two hour delay ? Ok , Mother Nature , we need to have a sit down . When I say impossible driving conditions and blinding snow , I really do mean impossible driving conditions and blinding snow . 
Remember Kids , Stop , Drop and Roll doesn't work in Hell . 
I'm sick of most of the people @ Sanderson now . Most have the cognitive processes of " Does the Square Peg fit into the Round Hole ? No ? Well maybe the Square Peg does . " 
* sigh * Dumbasses 
why don't WE get a delay ? or at the very least , a cancelation ? I mean Wake County will cancel school for a freakin ' snowflake , but when it's raining to a point where you wake up and go OMGWTF !?! when you look out the window is beyond me . all the OTHER counties are delayed/canceled , what gives ? 
doesn't wanna go to schoo- ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOTOAD ! 
HOLY CRAP ! RUN FROM THE DEMON-ZOMBIE HAMSTER ! 
It's been a good day . Gamed for a strait 12 hours , with no parents or sibling to say otherwise . I like Dragon Age . :) 
Dead Snow : Funniest zombie movie , ever . 
Dang it WCPSS ! Just friggin ' CANCEL already , or at least delay ! Everyone else is doing it , so you don't even have to use your one firing neuron spaning the vast distance between your two functioning braincells to think of it ! Just hop up on the bandwagon , don't worry , we won't judge . 
Worst . Bowling Match . EVER . 
stupid facebook chat 
" Catch on fire wih enthusiasm , and people wile come for miles to watch you burn . " 
Erm ... What ? 
The difference between you and me is that I'M a genius who will rule the world , and YOU are an idiot . 
They be hatin ' , I be sendin ' death from my dark tower . ALL HAIL YOUR OVERLORD . 
sorry Pluto , you're not a planet , get over it . 
Sincerly , 
The Universal Overlord , J.T. 
ps . you would probably make a GREAT prison colony . 
oh , you're hungry ? would you care for some pan seared baby seal ? freshly bludgeoned by yours truly . 
I need to learn how to go into bulle t-t ime ... 
Alton Brown FTW ! 
weekend is here , and the Xbox 360 is fixed . It's all good 
I shall Smite you . Prepare to be Smited ! Smote ? Smitten ? Smite-ified ? Screw it ! You're gonna get hit by lightning !!!! 
Assassin's Creed : Brotherhood absolutely rocks ! 
I don't want to go to school tomarrow 
C'mon snow , do your thing . 
got absolutely DESTROYED at the bowling competition tonight . 
AHH CRAP ! SPIDER- oh , wait , it's just a fuzzy . never mind . 
is getting ready to fire up Assassin's Creed : Brotherhood . WHOOOOOOHOOOOOO ! 
Don't expect to hear from me this weekend . 
PLEASE - put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can also breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers & the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost this . 
SNOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
had a horrible bowling match today . we won 1/6 games , and I only played the 3rd and 4th games . ugh . 
Exams are done . Now to do what I'm best at : Relax and game 
I want everyone to admit it . When they were in elementary school , and for P.E. they brought out the giant parachute , they thought is was friggin ' awesome . 
Just got done playing Dead Space for today . Now I'm rather suspicious of the Necromorph-sized vent outside my room . Where's my Plasma Cutter ? 
Happy Singles Awareness Day everyone ! Let's all celebrate our deep resentment and hatred of anyone who is not single . 
My sister is insane . 
Name one game show that wouldn't be improved by the addition of motorcycles with chainsaws . 
dude , what's up with all the earthquakes ? 
