im off ... 
happppyyyyyy ........ 
adam stop saying i ruined the nite out ...... did i produce them kids myself ????? if he wants to promise them they can stay at his then wants to let them down then he can sort out his sitter ...... dont it to many times for what ????? to look like the baddie .... NO ... ill do what i like cos i no its best by my kids and aint explaining to anyone but them 
feels like pooooooooooo !!!!!!!!!!!! 
im on this computer and feel like my nan did when she used a mobile phone !!!!!!!!!!!! LATE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
?????????????????????????????????????????? 
Play the game as the game plays u !!!!......... dont flatter urself babes ;) 
how awfull is that tsunami program ...... obviously know people died but its a different thing watching the ! knowing it was really happening ! sad man ! 
is sick of wanting to go forward but using every excuse to not to !!!! wish forward really was just " one foot infront of the other " 
westend friday , so emma fix up and prepare urself xx 
woo-hoo !!! wots 2nite gonna bring ????? im hoping " its exactly wot it saids on the tin " .. xlolx 
thinks that emmas to free and breeezy !!!! x 
is hating this laptop 
loads to do today so im off ppl !!!! mrs mopp is on a mission and iv got a whole army of housework to do !! 
has bin missing in actions for so many days !!!!!!! but is back wid the same , boring old act !!! whats bin happening ppl ???? 
IS MISSING HER GIMP-STA !!!!! 
supposed to camden and ended up falling to slleep at 12 this afternoon and didnt wake up till 9 tonight , wot a c++t . not hearing a thing wid the phone calls and dead to the world , ill just have to make up for it nxt weekend up bank , on ur b`day laura ! cant wait xxx 
im stuck up london wid no phone no pal and on my own ...... but now im at greenpark by piccadilly around someones home that i dont know trying to get home ...... remember this ppl if somthing happens and im not joking . im never coming here again iv got in the worst situation ever 
camden town 2morrow nite ! new place , new face ... wonder wot emmas got install for me ! allways full of surprises ..... why iv wasted this long staying round this shithole i dont know ! emma ... watch urself for a messy nite ! luv our weekends xxx 
that stupid hot or not quiz isnt good !! sorry ppl if some of them questions were bit rude but i cant choose them and i needed to have a nose at my answers .... xx 
is off to bed cos this fb or my laptop is pissin about wid me !!! nite ppl !!! 
is off on a mission wid loads to do ..... if u stop by my profile then ring me bell !!!!!! xlmaox 
my fine is so shocking im not wanting to put it up !!!!!!!!!!!! 
is romeo bloody DONE ! 
totally changed her likes and dislikes !!!! 
is doing my housework and fk me i cant believe how much there is !!! 
nice quiet one tonight and first nite ill be chilling indoors on my own widout the baby .... ever 
what a night friday was ..... or what i remember of it ! woke up in a cot , went home wid no phone , having to appologise but not sure wot for and still gotta say it was a good nite !! but anyways ... now im turning on the tunes and getting my housework done before my babys come home from there dads !!! xx 
has no kids 4 the whole weekend for the second time now and wot did i do on friday nite ?? stayed indoors wid a takeaway all to myself , watching total shite ( IN PEACE ) and loved it !... but now iv got up to early , not knowing wot to do wid myself , feeling like my right arms gone and keeps forgetting for a few secs at a time , that the babys not here ... so i can be as loud and lazy as i want ! im REALLY in need of a life ! 
someone upstairs has got it in for me im sure of it !!!! wait all day for my mins to start then 2 mins before ... i lose my phone . chat just works when it wants then when it does the ppl are off line and top it all off brayleys just chucked up all over the thickest shag pile rug ever so its no standard cleaning it ... its bare digging through the fibres picking out lumps 
is it just me or is fb taking its time to do 1 simple thing !!! 
passwords changed ! so crack on being nosey ! 
thats the first bath for about 4 yrs that i actually got to take as long as i bloody wanted and had no rushing me , hollering at me or ringing me telling me to hurry , fetch and clean after someone else and iv gotta say that it was fat to just take my time but i could see this weekends to myself becoming a bit boring widout the kids ! im must be off key cos ill be talking different after them home for an hour !!!! 
fk me girl ..... u`v had more pokes than facebook !! xloooooool 
has bin missing in action 4 days and looks like im gonna be joining the hooloway crew wid the schooling but at least ill get 2 wks break but still not looking forward to it !!! 
JUST GOT BACK FROM A GOOD NIGHT AT THE WESTEND BUT THATS NO THANKS TO U BITCH COS ONCE AGAIN I GOT LEFT AND THANK FK IM NOT A STUPID ARSE BITCH THAT GETS BLAGGED UP AND MUGGED OFF EASILY COS ITS EVERY ARSE CUNT THAT MADE SURE I GOT HOME OK . GET MY STUFF BK TO ESSEX AND JOG ON DICKHEAD 
is taking the bull by the horns ... 
not again im telling u ! nxt time so ones gonna expect something in return or take it . but im alright so its another lesson to learn by . xx wot u up 2 ? 
is coming dwn wid something !!!!! 
maidstone saturday and ill be making sure emma , that iv got the hotel key ............. mite leave ur arse this time lolx na , i wouldnt really hun but cant wait xxxxxx 
im getting in the bk of my wardrobe and pulling out the fattest , thickest jumpers and coats iv got for the school run in the morning ...... im gonna look like a pumped up beach ball wid a ginger afro bouncing dwn the road ..... but at least my arse will be warm ! 
just stopped feeling like poooooooooooh !!!!....... going to get a fat munch and stuff my face silly then hot bath and chill for the nite ! 
iv got half an hour 2 get ready ....... thats never gonna happen not even my hair gets done in half hour but lets see ..... im off facebookers and gonna get " £ " %%^^%& see ya later xmwahx 
my baby smacks me 1 more time in the head wid this umbrella ............. im gonna scream xlol 
still awake and not impressed ..... after the day iv had im surprised i aint flaked straight out ! stuff ever getting involved in a relationship and having that grief again ! DRAMA !! Bank tonight girls for lauras birthday so wot a nite that will be .... hope there not all tooooo posh , suited and booted !!! but who really ! messy nite 2nite !! 
to all the single ladies Laura Fitzpatrick , Rachael Reid , Emma Louise Crowhurst ????, and me 2nite is just another nite so bring on the weekend girls xxxxxxxxxx 
play the game as the game plays uuuuuu !!!!!!! 
emma if u read this then forget tonight luv and wait for tomorrow instead ....... hes gonna be here soon 4 kids so get credit and ring me ..... 
this vodkas going dwn abit easy rather a jd anydays so hurry ur arse gimp-lips and get dwn the motorway cos im going to grab ur wine now ! 
stuff this , being single on valentines ! think im gonna go bk to all iv ever known ! 
emma tell her to ring before i turn it off 
i thought it was women that chatted shite and winged while they done it ..... SHUT THE FK UP !!.. AND STOP TALKING FULL STOP !.... 
gonna restart this and try again but i swear if it dosnt sort its self out then its out the window .... 
is on the verge ...... 
cheers chell ... its exactly wot i neede ... luv ya xxxxx 
brayleys still got a headache , poor baby ! straight down the opticians in da morning cos this aint normal for him 2 keep getting these . maybe its my mouth 24/7 but then all 3 of them would suffer from it xlol 
getting off here now and doing some cleaning !!!! turning up them tunes and logging off here !!! later ppl 
was on time today and hoping thierry has a good swimming lesson . just gotta prepare myself for an afternoon wid me and B to kit the boys out but its bin so long since we spent more than 5mins together that i hope it all goes smoothly and we can just act like adults for at least an hour ! fingers crossed 
that humdinger of a singer wid the banana skinner and his EGGS ... is one funny macaroni ! u make me crack up !! hahahahahaha !!!!!! 
starting to think that this mite of bin 1 of the worst mistakes i ever made !..... FACEBOOK ! 
FKING RAGING ... FKING RAGING ... FKING RAGING !!!!! 
sitting here at the tblee wid a hot cuppa on this laptop really not wanting to go grays in this weather and could sit here all day ! I HATE GRAYS ! think i might move to tilbury which saids it all xlol 
lifes is wot u make it ...... so never should u wait for it !.. 
why do ppl have so much to say or think when its someone elses buisness ? get a life or a back bone and just blatantly say wot u gotta say to there actual face !... cos if ur not seeing wot goes on behind closed doors or listen to both sides then dont fking JUDGE ! i dont have to chat bout wrongens cos TRUST me , they always show there true colours eventually !.. even the ppl u least expect ! 
needs a car ..... fat missions ! 
wot am i doing awake ?????? was having a fat dream untill i got a boot in the head from brayley .... dont no how he wiggled that far dwn the bed !!! 
is watching power rangers and the kids aint even here ..... 
waiting for the gimp-lips to get me to go epping wid the kids for the day then out tonight for us girlies ! 
why cant it be like that everytime we meet ?.... times like that , remind me of why i fell 4 ya all them yrs ago !!... 
is going from room 2 room and de cluttering my whole flat !....... im gonna be fearce , if its not bin used , worn or played wid in the last week , then its GONE ! 
somebody tell me is it berwick 2morrow nite ? 
is gonna get my head down and sleeeeeeppppp ! im knackered ! and crap at spelling xlol 
2 much hard work !..... BASICALLY ! 
is getting off here and doing some work ! 
i thought id be good and stay in tonight and save all my energy for 2morrow nite but as time goes on im getting more and more into the party spirit and dont think i can stay indoors ................ HELP 
time for the school run !!.. and time for the moaning and groaning im gonna hear till bedtime , teenage mood swings come early ! 
cheers chell .... its exactly wot i needed ..... luv ya xxxx 
am needing to go clubbing to DANCE DANCE DANCE not pubbing !!!!! forget that sitting about , im in need of a music and dance nite ONLY !!!!..... 
have a good feeling bout the week ahead ! new week and new start ! 
no money , no shopping , no help wid there clothes or school trips ! smart little laptop u got there !.... pity u didnt put that dollar towards bringing up ur kids !... how many months now ! 
ur call couldnt of come at a better time !... well done ! x 
wot a shity day and wot a shity week iv got ahead ! really hope it works out good but till the day comes im just gonna have 2 carry on shitting it ! 
wots going on wid this " fine " talking ?????? fill me in ppl . 
choooowww ... ppl ! im off 2 bed all alone and i luv it !!!!!!!!! 
this fb is messing about again !!!!! keeps taking me off line 
dont think im being rude but fb chat and me aint working ! it would be quicker to write a letter and chat than this fb game ! and u the old humdinger ...... still got me laughing when i read it !! u funny popeye , you !! xlol 
is really looking forward to the kids coming home that iv got butterflys !!!!! im shocking myself .... mite get a little job on weekend to pass it by cos i couldnt feel like i did every weekend widout them ! luv ya and miss ya`s babies !!! mite forget the job part though ....... think thats just pushing it a bit xlol 
im watching eboniee try and put her sock on loooool its so funny its cruel !!....... she growing up to fast .... trying to dress her dolls its not good how quick time flys by ! so as my saying goes ........ " lifes to short to waste it ..... so never should u wait for it " yes thats my made up saying before some body knicks it and makes up a fan group for it like the last one " drunk words r ... sober thoughts " u THIEVES ! 
Finally got me house sorted ! Roll on next 2weeks ! Gonna be mad stress wid the decorating but WELL WORTH IT ! mad house warming on da cards ! 
Swear to god i just walked pass some dirty bitch givin some bloke head in a car . Could of found somewhere a bit more secluded than grove rd Xlol 
Ur thinking ur doing good , and thinking im dumb but believe this slippery fkers , ur time will come ! 
Need sleep but sacred i wont wake up 4 school :-( 
Has to follow her head ....... my babys wont be babys 4ever , making sacrifices is wot being a mum is all bout . Like it or lump it ...... sometimes u have no choice ... :-( x 
On the up ..... another hurdle overcome and on 2 the next 1 ! 
nite peeps 
Chell ring me 
i dont hate ya ........ i have to feel something for ya 2 hate ya ! i might not like ya , but i only hate wid a passion and BELIEVE ME ....... u and passion , dont mix ! ya get me ! 
Wooooooooo-hoooooooo ! im back but that was hard work and i only lasted 2days ! but fk it .... im back ! 
going trick or treating wid , Michelle T Mullins ( her tribe ) Laura Fitzpatrick ( and her possie ) and my 3 dynamites xxxxxxxxx and im dressing up . if the kids can then why cant i xlol 
PPL ....... let me know wots happening tonight cos me and my pal from london are on 1 and want to REALLY PARTY .... not this grays shit 
Spent all this time ! Drying and straightening my hair and now put to much wax init and got start again ! Pissed 
soooo cold ! really hope somebody i know drives pass in a minute ! 
cheers AL ! ur a good pal and i wont forget it . xmwahxx 
Been one of them mornings n now its settling down iv gotta get ready for the school run :( 
i do !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
karma wants to hurry its ARSE up and start making that CUNT suffer ! before i lose my faith and do it myself ! 
is finally bk on my laptop but all this grief its giving me , really aint worth it !...... 
really wish id never seen that look on ur face cos its done some weird shit 2 things 
would like to know why sallyanne , is still awake !!!! aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ?????...... tut tut big B , XLOL 
finally have my phone bk ..... thank god ! i felt lost out and about widout it ! kids in the bath and eboniees trying her hardest to climb in 2 . bless her , shes nearly making it too . must take after me being able to cock her leg that high xlmaox 
Am so tired ! At least i aint got work feeling like this ..... pity anypoor bastard feeling this shit n working this morning ! XLmaox but then the pity goes n i doze ! Laters 
O . M . Gosh ! why da fk am i stressing ! Fk off ! Im done 
breaking up today so im needing to plan some activities for nxt 2 wks ...... wot u girls got planned wid the kids ? katieeeee , jenny , lisa ect ? cant wait for the summer time , cold cans and our set up down the beach xlol 
wot a strange old world !.... do you actually know wot I like ? noooooo ! 
think its time to turn things back 
Is feelin sooooo tired today . This is first day iv not had 2 rush round 2 appointment after appointment , only had 1 all day n all im feelin is knackered . Better off being rushed off my feet cos i cant take this tiredness . gonna cotch on Chell sofa .... lol 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY 1 AND ONLY PRINCESS ........ 2yrs old already and its not good seeing ur last baby growing up to fast ! wish all 3 of my babies , would stop growing and stay wid mummy for ever AND EVER ! luv my tribe xxmwahxx 
best get things rolling ! later ppl ! and get ur ID out mr trout pout xlol chat to u later x 
London rd or burtons ..... tonight Chell , the choice is ALL URS ! XLmaox 
wot a waste ! wot a WASTE ! 
why do i keep going off line ???????????? im getting sick of this mod-con shite . a redhead gets stressed way more quicker than most and this www-dot crap aint good 4 my stress levels 
CHELL-BEEEEEES-BACK ! XLOL 
poke pals ... wink wink xlol 
quiet a good nite tonight wid jater and scott ! funny fks ! but they do narff shit alot xlmaox 
POST THiS iF YOU AREN'T SCARED TO SEE HOW PEOPLE THINK OF YOU 
1 . Definetly not attractive . 
2 . Decent 
3 . Cute 
4 . Fine as hell !.... 
... 5 . I'd do you . 
6 . Pretty damn sexy ! 
7 . Lovable , I LOVE YOU !!! 
8 . I wana make you my man/girl . 
9 . Jus a friend . 
10 . Sexiest person I know ! 
11 . Fuckin amazin 
12 . Ya , I've checked u out a few timesSee More2 minutes ago 
Is feeling fked right now but i think its cos me-chells not making me laugh like usall ! liven up and entertain the ginge or ill fade away wid the grays-craze ! xlol 
wot a dick ...... wish lastnite never happened ! fked things right up ! NOBHEAD 
ok ..... if u say so ! not to sure wot the coo is but pretty sure ur coooookooooo ! 
is starting to take a shine to plan B ..... hes looking good u know ! 
who ever gets that video iv sent .... sorry ! bit much for some ppl ! accident 
Is feeling it big time . can't even strum up the strength to bath the kid's! 
?? I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have is memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake in which I'll never part . God has you in his keeping , I have you in my heart ... Repost if you have someone special in heaven ?? 
Morning ppl ....... have a wicked day and weekend ! Mwah ! 
just caught a glimpse of me humdinger of-a-swinger ! wot u bin doing wid urself and wheres my flight tickets for ur bday bash aaaaaaaaa ????? xlol 
wtf ...... i cant believe the time ! lift and shift xlol 
roll on tuesday cant wait then hopefully abit closer to knowing what the deal is wid u poxy ppl 
Sitting mine doing the spring cleaning but Rachael had to bring the vodie-4-me-bodie ! BIATCH 
sitting at karen's and loving this weather ! can't wait for the summer ! 
Katie , hope you see this cos i missed your call and im tryin to hurry so i hope you girls ain't to far gone yet ! Xlol see ya soon XXxxxx 
sitting round chells wid the funniest kids ( plus my kids , of course ) i know !........ boooooom wot a day 
always when u least expect it or not looking for it x 
o-my gosh !!!! my head is really pounding and i feel sick ! for an hour iv bin scrubbing my bathroom from top 2 skirting board , Wid tons of bleach and had the poxy door shut whole time ! think iv overdosed on the fumes ! wot a TWAT ! 
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO AWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY ! 
im off ...... u cyber geeks are boring me now ! 
fked ! 
Shhhhh !!! I can hear your mind ticking ! Xlol 
is really tired but so much to do ! cant be slipping this week so full steam ahead ! 
chell is teaching me her moves !!!! no 1 will actully believe how good she is !! this pole dancing shit is 4 me !! 
just see its beckas bday so why am i sober ????? slacking ! 
im off ... u fb geeks are boring me now !.. 
keep getting dizzy n worst when my heads tilt upwards . even woke me up its spinning dat much . why ? diagnosis needed x 
I fking hate Tesco wid a PASSION ! Knew i never wanted 2 shop there again , knew it . But wot did i do ? Go along wid some other twats ideas , just 2 save arguments n now look ! The cunts av done it again ! Well FK U ! Gut feeling = womans intuition ! Follow the gut 
having my babies the whole day 2morrow cant wait babys and house is nearly doe so u can all come home where u belong xxxxxluv ya more than life its self xxxxxxxxxx 
tunes are on and im having a clear out ! get .. get ... get ! 
Im like an elephant that never forgets the dirty bastards that's done me a wrong turn ! Byding my time till we meet again BIATCH ! 
jordanna .... ring back ! hurry me flurry ! 
nice fat munch round karens ..... cheers luv ! aint felt this full 4 time . xmwahx 
bracing myself for a morning up lakeside ! i hate that place !! 
good weekend so its smiles all-round .... anyone thats miserable best stay well clear ! 
thinks michelle t mullins is not impressing anyone by forgetting the ginger ninja ! no chell , ur not so ring biatch x 
Wot's been happening while iv been away ? Aaaaaa ?? 
will i do it ? will i ?....... 
about to go for a bbq not that the weathers much good but a few glasses will cover that 1 .... lol 
not even an hangover this morning which cant be bad but poor karen having to wake up to the aftermarth of bout 10 kids and a baby ...... sorry hun x 
wot a mouthy little bitch and thinks that age is gonna make a difference ....... when its to do wid my kid getting treated like shit ...... then believe me ill jump all over ya ! little cunt 
Need to start on a diet . Im a bit to contented n the belly is suffering 
You are funny u cunt ;-) try later 
Is looking forward to a cosy evening in front of the tele Wid my boys ! can't remember last time we just chilled out together ! 
If iv said it once , iv said it a thousand times ! so if iv said it a thousand times .... START FKING LISTENING ! 
" wtf ! Fuck this shit for a laugh ! 
Just had fat munch at the bbq ... cheers dean ! Now time for the drinking sessions to start ! Zambooker time and the jd is all mine x 
my gosh ! cant believe how happy i just got when i see my new bin outside my door n its black not poxy green . i need help 
OMG ..... I have no hair !!!!!!! maybe i should of waited for my hairdresser 2 be sober xlol 
fresh start .... sooooooo gone wid the old , iv forgotten u already ! and BOOOOOMB wid the new ! 
hmmmmmmmmmmm lady parts 
luv doing the housework when its a sunny day ! tunes on , washing done and Eboniee's got the mop tied to arse so she's mopping while she walks ! that's MULTITASKING 4 ya ! 
Finally realised its not selfish if i start thinking bout myself and wot i want ! Not wantin to make someone unhappy or feel shit aint doing me no favours when its me that ends up unhappy . If its ment to be then it will be and if not at least i wont look back at it being a waste of my life being so miserable ! Bring on 2011 wid me , my kids , my family and great pals ! Mwah peeps Xxx 
I need 2 make some money . trying 2 save for Kid's activity's are killing me . doing this on your own is hard . big up to anyone thats done it from the start on there own . 
glad i had a shit night now im seeong all u sufferers on here ! 
Laying in bed wide awake cos i decided to have a steaming hot shower instead of a relaxing bath .... now the fker woke me up ! I should of been blonde 
is wankered ..... 
sitting round me aunts and shes wanting to terrorise my facebook pals .... xlol as she said , thats life ! sorry peeps if she gets hold ur profile but shes lovely really xxxxx 
Gutted i couldn't be out wid chell 4 her bday niteout but me and karen wid some wine talking shit is making up 4 it ! X 
dnt no wot to write 
loads todo before the tribe come home 
KIDS GONE NOW IM JUMPING IN THE SHOWER AND HOPEFULLY WAKE UP COS I COULD SO EASILY GO BACK TO BED 
FORGET IT ... NO WAY AM I PUTTING MYSELF THROUGH THIS SHIT . FK OFF 
Standing outside stallions freezing Fking cold ! Not sure ill make it back 2 wharf but really aint wanting 2 be at da house ! It aint home yet .... untill kids are there anyways ! Xx 
Just woke up in me new house on the sofa wid random twats staring at me through the window cos iv not put my curtains up ! Must looked a proper pic ! 
Wot are you doing ? Im cold and waiting !......... lucky for u i just got ur Txt Xlol 
Is gettin Pissed wid these memory's of friday Night popping up . Rather remember whole cringe fest in 1go than drag it out like this . Or not remember it FULL STOP ! 
up urs then ....... wont write to u again on chat u twat xlol 
up there wid the jones ...... hahahahaha 
Fk sake ..... waited ' how long ? ' for ' being human ' then i missed first 15mins of it 
up mushers like old times xlol going home and worried 
Bingo ! Dont ask , dont get ! 
Bored 2 fk ! 
Is smashed and waiting for my munch .... forget the kebabs , its all about the chicken ! 
Wasn't expecting that ? Aaaaaaa !! Wink wink x 
jumping in the shower to wake myself up since it down such a great job of it lastnite ! poxy twat ! 
aint waiting no longer u light wieghts ..... im off and thankfk cos u was all giving me headache anyways xlooolx mwahx 
Mandy alexander ring that number i txt yesterday quickly xxx 
sweet cuppa T wid a fag ! cant beat it 
Woooohoooo ! Stick that in ur pipe and smoke it ! This bitch past wid flying colours ! : -* 
Where's a good 2 go on a tuesday Nite out of grays obviously . Tell me ppl 
my gosh ..... 1 of the funniest night of my life ! hahahahahahaha ! wot more can i say when u laugh so much ur throat actually hurts ! adam ..... ur wicked baby ! xmwahx funny c**t xlolx 
steaming hot bath , just topping up the hot ..... cant beat it 
I have the most wickedist ppl in my life , genuine , loyal , tell it how it is , straight 2ur face n there 4 u like a pal should not cos they look good 2ppl n vica-versa . So once u'v meet ppl like that , why would u surround urself wid ppl u really dnt trust ? 
feel alot better now ! keep ya chin up and be happy ...... please xxxx 
At my aunts .... best place for us ! 
So anxious about today :-S wish me luck ppl cos i really think im in-need of it ! :'( 
no matter wot , ur there 4 me , even when u cant help i no u tried 2 ! luv ya karen n co lol .. that includes u joanne ! mwah 
Dont think it was good idea making there play room so close to the kitchen ...... i need to be far enough to hear there ok but nothing else , and i cant take there poxy fighting over xbox :-( 
Drop kids at there dads for weekend but that just bout giVes me enuff time to tidy up there shite ........ miss mop on form x 
in 1 way or another ......... ur always let down ! 
Wot a bloody twat ...... scolded my face and it bloody hurt ! that shit didn't seem that hot on me hands , wtf happened there ? 
aint usally a soppy bitch but dont make out " the power of love " dont smash it when the tune comes on ..... totally random coming on music channel ! forgot it even existed but still a big , memories of a tune ! 
Soooooo hungry :-S 
wots gonna happen 2nite ? 
round 1 to me ....... now watch a KO on ur arses xlol 
Bloody hell ..... cant believe the time ! Been sitting wid eboniee watching her programs all morning and i must been in some trance cos i thought it was only 10 ..... best give poor cow her lunch and get on wid the housework ! 
its a long old trek but i cant turn back ! xsorryx 
so many choices , so little time ! wot should i do ?......... be a greedy fker and try the lot xlol 
I like it when they have big nuts 
Eboniee is a defo mini version of me ...... she makes me crack up ! Walking down the street n to total strangers she'll shout out '' YOU ALRIGHT BABES , YOU ALRIGHT '' she has the most wicked personality its unreal xxxx 
The grime line ! 
money talks ..... bullshit WALKS ! 
a kid was sitting on the stairs with his cat and a bag of smarties his mum was watchin . he put a smartie in his mouth bit the cat and moved down a step . he then put anther smartie in his mouth and bit the cat again . the mother asked him what he was doing and he replied , gettin some practice in for when i " m older ! i " m poppin pills , eating pussy and moving on . 
Not my type but maybe thats a good thing ! We'll see ! 
had agood nite wid me man and the inlaws xlolx just missing kieth and it would of been 100% wid the inlaws Daniel Jater who would of thought us 2 together aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa but iv gotta say " posh and becks " have nothing on us 2 babeeeeeeeeeeeeee xxx ur great 
Michelle T Mullins ...... them chicken fillets u gave me stink of beo ...... u aint been shoving them in ur bra again ... have ya ? xx 
isn't confused , just greedy ! 
cant wait for the new YOU ! 
I'm not wierd ur just a creep ..... my gosh 
FKING HELLLLLLLLLLLL ! having to scream to talk cos he dont want to do as his told so ur wacking up the tv volume ...... keep on and ill be wacking up the volume on ur arse ! they say never surpress an attitude in a kid cos its wot makes a strong personality but all thats done for me is create a ( answer 4 everything , cant shut his mouth ) mini me xlol ARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGH ! 
opinons , are like arseholes .............. everyones got one ! 
jater ..... babeeeeeeeee ! where ave u gone ? ur taking soooooo long ! and i cant get ur curtains bk up lol sorry xxxx 
Love grays so much ..... Just wanna say thankyou , 2 my mum n family 4 raising n setting my future up in such a great place ... Full of promising future prospects and not raisin me somewhere like america , orange county , where i would of had the most shitiest life ever . Thanks mum xlol 
my gosh ... just see the time . wtf happened there cos iv lost bout 3 hrs .... it has gone 2 , aint it ? thats just fked me head right up .... GREAT ! last time i spend an evening sober ! xlol 
needs to settle down ....... cant believe im saying this but its needed ( I THINK ) 
round 1 ....... watch this bop u flop 
wot a fking showup ! wot a straight dick ! knew it was to good to be true .... knew it ! xlol 
watch out ...... ur getting terrorised ! catapolt is coming in use wid them windows of urs ! 2 can play at ur game , u FAT UGLY BITCH ! watch ! 
bored and cant sleep wtfs going on 
Mrs mop on a mission 
Sydney calls me a ginger gremlin again and im gonna hide under her bed tonight and jump out on her in the middle of Nite and make her wish i was a gremlin Xlol 
now i can finally say that iv actually had 1 x bring it on xlol 
Mmmm ! Fried egg sandwich on freshly slice bread wid load of pepper ...... nice ! 
U stupid arse cunt ! 
Dont ever let them get the edge cos the mothers fkers will push u over it ! 
Sometimes life is not wot you hoped it would be but learn one thing ..... your life is urs so choose right cos you dont get a second 1 xxxxx 
You are really pissin me off ! Stop fking naggin like a bitch ! Xlol 
DEAN IS A FAT BALD HEADED BASTARD LOL 
happy valentines ppl ! 
You dont wanna know wot this bitch is planning ? Like they say .... why worry bout regrets , wot will be will be ! If u want 2 ... do it , if it changes ur life .... go 4 it ! 
i like it on the kitchen counter 
Wot a funny bunch of random peep's! But i need to find to some nice bb xlol 
me and chell are on 1 , getting ready for our nite ahead ! wot a day we've had .... then topping it off wid a shit hot nite , especally when we meet up wid the girls ! cant believe all 4 of us are out widout no kids ....... mash-up ! good old days ! xxx 
Me and the tribe are gonna thrive ! 
Wot a shit night ! That place is full of random wierdo's ... where do they come from ? 
round 1 to me biatch ! 
Finally off to sleep ..... think its time to stop her naps in the day ! 
Its only pals ....... NOTHING MORE ! 
Wots happening 2every1 ? why u all turnin into soppy bastards xlol 
LAZY ARSE COW ! she cant do shit ........ my aunts 1000 times better than her in every single way ! fking immature BIATCH ! 
Fucking hate pisstakers ! Quick enough when dollar's involved ! 
Thought , not having a man under my roof anymore would mean no more watching football but my boys are making up for that by making me watch westham match ! There hooked and im dreading to turn it off Xlol 
Such a great mother ...... 1 of the best , always puttin my kids first ....... even when eboniee's aiming the dsi at me , i made sure i put thierry first ( right infront me)Xlol sorry boy : -* 
Sitting here waiting 4 a lift home but having a yaga-bomb which r shit xlol 
Is pissed off that michelle has taken herself off Facebook ! Why the fk should u have 2 miss out when u'v done fk all wrong ? 
Bobbi-jay Tether God saw u getting tired and a cure was not 2 be . So He put His arms around you and whispered " come 2 me " . With tearful eyes I watched you , and saw u pass away . Although I love u dearly , I couldn't make u stay . A golden heart stopped beating , hard working hands at rest . God broke my heart 2 prove 2 ... me , he only takes ... the best ....... only copy if theres someone in heaven u miss every day 
gonna go stuff my face the go to bed cos these have ruined me 
Daniel Jater ..... ur a shithot dad ! X 
is blitzing my home ..... and for the nxt hour i aint answering the phone , door or the little voice in my head xlooolx 
TODAY'S THE DAY ! 
Wot a blinder of a day im having ! Maybe karma is finally starting to kick in ! Even though iv felt so low lately , today has made me look at it all so differently ! Treat ppl how you want to be treated and stay true to being you ! : -* 
Im off ! This town is draining my soul n im sick of total dickheads invadeing my breathing space . 
Awkward ! Really awkward ! 
Sitting in the barbers getting brayley's hair cut and you can hear a pin drop its Danielle so quiet untill eboniee shouts out ' 4 fks sake ' so embarrasing 
Me and the girls are on our way 2 leigh-on-sea ! Hope there's plenty of BB's up there ! Never knew that you can buy jd and coke in a can .... NICE x 
Morning ppl ...... this time nxt yr ill be a millionaire ;) 
Cant wait till september 12 getting married !!!! can u belive it love you bookia xxx 
Me and chell are on our way to leaving essex behind for the night . watch out-chell-dddd's about xlol 
Hahahahaha ! Keep winge , winge , winge and look wot u got from a little karma ..... Drank the wrong drink and up wid a mouthful of butt xlmaox 
You bender Xlol Hahahaha ! 
THIS HAS BEEN HACKED BY Luke Usher HER COUSIN !!!! IM A GIMP WHO LICKS CHEESY TOE NAILS !!!! 
Sitting down the shit hole of all time n so gotta get a mother fking life . Have better time wid me Chell n her funny tribe ! Luv ya boys n eboniee Xxx 
wot a shity day and im fked ...... felt like shit , looked like shit and had to do 2 much shit xx swear Scott Beaumont spiked me aaaaaaaaaaaaaa ? bet ur gunning for me now iv tagged ya mwah xxxxx 
fking hate bullies ..... Bully me ! 
Just about to get me nut down n my gosh wot a day iv got ahead ! Appointment after appointment n 2 top it off ..... another appointment 
Can finally say that im gonna be spending the scorcher of-a-day ........ in MY garden , gardening ! LOVING IT ! and kelvin , charlotte , grant and ty ............. i love yas and never forget wot u'v done xxxxmwahxxxxxx Barrett ..... ur a star for coming through 2 ! times like this , u know who ur mates/loyal family are ! xxxxxxxxxxx 
Well done brayley 4 coming 1st in sports day even though u actually come 2nd but who's watching that Xlol Well done Thierry 4 yesterday coming 2nd proud of ya both so much n u's always no1 in mummy eyes ! Xlol Mwah ! Xxx 
just had luke's grub that he made from his cooking exam and have gotta say it was FAT ! well done luke . A well deserved " A " ! pity there wasnt more u tight git xlolx messing ..... it was plenty xxxxxxxxxxxmwahxxx 
Sitting at mine wid 1flaked in me bed , 2on me sofas n lord onion , scott , sean n mandy eating toast in da kitchen XLmao wot a funny cunt you lot are xxxxx 
Wot a wicked place . Cant believe iv never been here b4 and plenty of nice bb's xlolx 
Am gettin abed .... look like iv smoked bout 5 zoot's .... LEMON 
b4 any1 starts tellin tales , i no bout bucks bit fun the weekend , he told me , since we've enuff respect4 eachother 2 tel it straight , b4 shitters start . he told me whos runnin bk askin why im wid danny . u best fkoff b4 i start tellin ur misses/boyfriends wot dirty cunts u r . ment 2 be bucks mates but " from his mouth " he dnt wont to be hearin my buisness , fkng wid his head . 
Is it bashment tonite at rileys ? 
Asif that bird from ' misfits ' ( the ugly 1 ) aint related to the boy in ' being human ' they are identical and sound the same the ugly pair of twats 
Sitting in grays court n thinking ' how fit is this bb ' mite go n introduce myself n if he knocks me back ill just shout out HARASSMENT ! who'll look the fool den ! Xlooooooolx jks ! 
Cant believe how much i walk ! Its not normal 
Wot a cheek Michelle T Mullins invite me round for a party ad u tell me to bring my own sugar ............ anyone would think i have bout five spoonfulls , u tight biatch xlolx xxx 
Second day now that iv slept all day as-well as night ! Wtf wrong wid me :-S 
thinks chell should stop trying to feed the kittens beer ! xlolx 
thinks that Michelle T Mullins should calm down overeacting about sydney ! chell , she only TRIED killing him chell , not actual Murder ! no big deal luv ! xlolx she thought it was sugar and she tried sneaking me some round for me tea .... bless her ! shes already trying to smuggle shit around ! wonder wot daniels face was like when he drank it xlolx luv ya daniel mwahxxxx 
'' I keep on moving wid the lights on ..... so come and play me just 1more song '' this tune is me when im out ...... dance , dance , dance ! 
gonna get my arse motivated and jump in the bath before i find myself still sitting here at 3 o`clock ....... later peeps and karen ... txt me bk xxxxxxxx 
am mangled and off to bed ! got 1 of the busiest weekends iv ever had ! aint gonna have time to stop BRING IT ON 
u light up another cigarette .... and i pur the wine ..... its 4 o 
No pain , no fking freedom ! So being rid of u was worth every single punch ! bigman ! 
my aunts birds going sick in its cage , but aint got a clue why and its flappin bout so loud then that its scaring me to go any closer and see wot wrong ! 
Walking home n feeling so sick ! 
How you act is how is how ur perceived ! 
Had a laugh tonight ..... thankyov x 
ur not strong , u just smell STRONG ! 
dont u just love it when u hit rock bottom n really do see ppl for wot they are ! even though ur no emotional bitch , when u r then SOCALLED friends/family would be there or help if they can . but no , it just shows that u never know ppl untill u need them most never will forget the 1's that was there ! karma is a bitch and that shit mite turn on them 1 day if there needing help or true pal 2 trust ! no who id rather b ME 
Karen n vick .. got ur message but ring me im at london rd but hurry Chicks Xx 
Im really really really sorry daniel Jater and i didn't mean anything iv wrote even though im still pmsl thinking about it ! U are the funniest geek in the world and i Luv ya for it xMwah ! Put the phone down on me again im gonna have 2 take ur life xxxxx 
Guess who i just see ! 
Never had so many calls in 1 morning .... wots wrong wid u ppl ? do u not know theres no school now so i was in need of a layin . i walk the marathon everyday 4 fk sake ! 22 & 1/2 calls so far .... now im up leaving the dappa-D's xlol and going home . OVER & OUT X 
Toren Fitzpatrick ! U are GREAT ! x 
Gonna see if my little cuz is alright ! Good luck babes n Luv ya xxxxx and cheers 4 lastNite Jater ...... it was shit x 
Just walking into my course . Think im doing quite well since i was ment to be there at 1 ..... leaving the late side of me behind ..... i think ! 
wicked day wid the kids ...... good to see them in the house running havoc , cant believe how much u miss the mayhem and mess when there not here ....... love me babies ( my world ) 
no1's perfect but fk me i am close ...... xlolx 
see that fat orange cunt from the school ..... ur gonna get exactly wot u deserve ......... thinking u was doing good but unfortunatly for u , time only enrages the fuel and never heals it ! orange cunt 
Weekend ppl and im gonna get SMAAAAAAAAAASHED ! 
carpets are in the bedrooms now so i can start putting beds together and actually see things coming together looking like HOME ......... ALOOOOOOOOONE ! no man .... no drama ..... no stress ..... no sex pest xlooolx 
having a drink round the minges wid a couple of layabouts we just found on the street ...... was a fking laugh wid us piggy-bk duels xlmaoxxxxx 
Im laying in bed wid Jater and fk me he has the BIGGEST IV EVER EVER EVER EVER SEEN ! spot on his arse xlooooooolx Lmaox 
Brayley nicks eboniee's sweet , she goes over and kicks him , he pushes her to the floor , she gets up and shouts ' come on ' proper offering brayley out and she's only 2 ! I Cant stop laughing but its making her even more fuming Xlol 
Some ppl bring out the worst of me and its more embarrassing that i let myself down by reacting the way i do ! Need to learn that some ppl are just not important enuff 2 know there've PISSED YOU OFF by going mad cos underneath all the BULLSHIT there wankers so FK YOU ! ;) 
Cant Fking believe that nxt year im 30 :'( cheers MATE 4 making that so BLATANTLY CLEAR 2 ME ! : @ you really know how to make a women feel .......... DEPRESSED:'( you PRATING TWAT ...... x 
Feels Fking SICK :( 
Been so miserable past couple months ....... Wtf is dat all bout ? Wanna get back to old me and last summer . In wid the old and out wid the new ....... woooo-hoooo ! 
From now on im bein a selfish fk ! Being anything else gets u nowhere ! 
Friday Nite wid MrGreen ! Xlol 
happy birthday to my baby boy brayley whos six TODAY XXXXX luv ya boy and wish i could stop time cos ur growing up to fast xxxxxx 
gonna go and whip the bitch into shape .... to much slacking means not enough wacking ! 
is not thinking bout anyones feelings again cos when it suits no cunt thinks bout urs 
am bloated and tired so i think its defo nite indoos watcing tv ......... 
No one actually give a shit 
Cant believe my garden and how much karens helped me through everything in this past couple yrs ! Thankyou for being there and ALL THE WORK u'v done for me and my babys ! No man could've grafted harder ! Luv you AUNTY ! Xxxxx 
arrrrrrrgh ! poxy kids ..... fighting , kicking , screaming , shouting and crying non-bloody-stop ! this and everything else is making my head feel likeits gonna explode ! 
Is jumping on the trampoline wid leigh double back flip styleeeee Xlol 
Wot a night ! 2many options aint always a good thing ..... ya get me ! Xlol 
off to leigh-on-sea ..... baby ! grays is 2 shite even wid the festival happening ! 
maybe its been infront of me this whole time n iv only just seen it ! °-° 
is doing wots best always right ? and if there's so many downsides then why isn't that enough 2 walk away ? 
Has just had my new settee arrive . We still aint much but believe , it feels so rewarding 2 look around knowing that ' I DONE THIS ' 4 me n kids . NO MAN , ME ! Iv broke my back trying 2 fund it all alone n finally its payin off ! my fam n few-true pals , Luv U x 
got a feeling that todays gonna be 1 of them good days :) 
tonight was good Michelle T Mullins thankyou babes i love ya and ur tribe so much xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 
Linz .... stop wid the rebbit , rebbit ! The frog aint liking ur door so set it free .... u'v got the key ! 
My gosh ..... why is it such a big fking deal when its me thats smashed and acting the cunt 
You are such a nagging bitch ! But ur GREAT ! 
Why do u talk so much bollox arrrrrrgh ! help me ppl xlol mark pls shut up . 
Is so glad 2 be home at my aunts ! Only down the road but it feels million miles away from grays n thats how i like it ! If i could have u i wouldn't want u ...... FOOLISH BB 
why stress urself over shit you cant control ! 
finally understand why im attracted to men that are moody fkers ........ that quiet , misterious side makes u work harder to get to know them cos the 1's wid all the chat and big thereselfs up are normally doing it for 1 reason ...... trying to convincing u as well as there selfs , that there no flop , which usally means they are ! the quiet 1's dnt need to shout about it , they always surprise ya ! 
waited all morning 2 have bath den when i do the poxy door goes ! 
wish i could see in the future ! and know wot the outcome , 2 a really hard decision , will be ! b4 i make it ! : ? 
michelle t mullins ! where r u ? me n lor coming 2 find u and we luv ya chick xmwahx 
is doing her first ever dinner/piss up ting in her life ....... prepare urself ppl its gonna be DEVINE lolx 
Plan b !..... come get me ! 
NewZealand taxi man at A3 is bloody great . helped me more times than my real dad ! wish he was my real dad xlolx °¥° 
Wot am i gonna do ? Worst of all is its all my own doing 
Walkin home freezing cold n proud of myself ! This bitch is TRUE ! 
Talk is cheap cos actions speak ! 
Fk london rd , fk burtons ! Id rather pay taxi fares getting home from southend than bowl about grays ! Professor green ! Booooooooooom ! U nearly ready chicks xxxxx 
today is a great day ! ill remember " 10th september " 4 as long as i can ! xx 
think i mite have the perfect man ! really do x 
is going 2 get pissed 2nite and its a school nite ! love livin life on the edge ! how kool am ï ? dangerously kool xlolx 
I know its late but i thought id give u all plenty of time recovering from the weekend before i said CHEERS 4 MY B'DAY MESSAGES ! had a wicked time n thankyou plan b lol 4 everything mwah xxx 
and Michelle T Mullins are going rago tonight ....... x 
You can spend , hours , weeks or even months over-analyzing a situation ; tryin to put the pieces 2gether , justifying what could've , would've happend - or you can just leave the pieces on the floor and move the fuck on , I'm actually making some changes in my life . If you dnt hear from me , your one of them , 
getting ready 2 go out for a meal ........ hopefully ! thats if im ready on time xlol 
Wot a load of ball . 
Todays the first day to a brand new life style 
Cant believe im still awake ! But morning ppl ! And good nite Danielle ! 
ull never make a jokeout me again 
plan b , u ready 4 me ? 
Wish u was here Xxx 
Laying back wid me man watching fbi files . Even though he hates it he still sits here and watches it wid me . Wot a shit hot man iv got x x x 
Happy new yr peeps ! Have a gooden and look after yourselfs xxxxx 
Slept all day n when i wake up he still has a smile on his face . U make me so happy x x x 
Mouthy little cunts thinking ur able 2 talk that shit when u see that he's arse is claimed . Wtf you Ugly cunt 
is fking ill 
Gonna kick back and chill wid the tribe . Thats the only thing 2011 is gonna be about ..... my baby's! 
" you think ur cooler than me " wicked tune ! 
How does he get them so rotten ! It aint right ! 
Hair appointment made 4 fri so now i just need to find something to wear ......... bet i dont ! 
has defo made the rite choice 
Wot the Fuck ? Iv done Fuck all wrong but have a laugh but still the shit starts flowing wtf 
This is not the weather 2 be doing fat missions in ! Fk sake ! 
My gosh ! Just watched jeremy kyle wid the ppl from yesterdays show and i cant believe how much it upset me . Never thought id cry from that show since its normally ppl looking a jk but that touched me !............ gettin soft 
love ya x 
Im so false :-P 
mike posner .... " u think ur cooler than me " fat tune 
man up and do wots best , instead-of putting da blame on all da rest ! ur opinion means as much to me as u do ....... and me and u both know how much that is ...... fk all ! 
had a wicked nite tonight especally seeing Louise Deacon thanks all and that includes Laura Fitzpatrick , Shameer Nisa , Donald Wetherall , Daniel Jater , Sean Butler and of course pj ........... wicked nite xxxxxxx 
Funny how ppl show there true colours when things aint going there way ! 
had a wicked nite tonight .... kids got loads sweet and iv gotta say its probaly the best one for me and my babys so far and thats all thnks to 2 of my closest pals Michelle T Mullins and Laura Fitzpatrick i love u both and couldnt ask for better pals mwahxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 
Wot a crap morning and why am I never prepared or organised ! Must luv rushing bout n stressing myself ! 
Cant sleep ! Watching shining and fk me its long 
Had a spider living at top of my curtains for 4days now . the fker run when i put hoover to it so iv left it but it aint moved ... 4 bloody days in same spot 
No matter how much you try its just never enough ! Maybe when im gone u'll realise how much i was there ! 
Thinks ' Adele ' smashes it ! Her tunes just grab me ..... when you listen to them , you know there real ! Actuall meaning to them ! Wicked voice aswell 
Not that long woke up but cant wait to grass up chell t mullins up to her kids that she see fireworks n went to fair . Watch the fireworks go off then . Wot a life ..... meddling xlolx 
cant believe how early it is and iv aready bathed , had 2 cups of coffee , been to shop for me paper and now siting about waitingto pick up me tribe 
Cant take anymore ! Really cant ! 
Me-mans da best ; -@ 
Finally back in routine wid my kids n loving every minute of it ! Apart from the tiredness n brayley's mouth ! Love ya chickens mwah ! 
went all good today .......... better than i expected . maybe im actually growing up and seeing things from othe ppls point of view wid a calmer headand not raging in there head first on the defensive mode . this " being at peace " lark is ACTUALLY doing me good for me stress levels , at least xxx 
where do u go when uv not got the dollar to go out of grays but enuff sense 2 no grays is 2 fking shit 2 waste anything 
everyday of 2011 has been shit so far ..... but time to " suck it up and get on wid it " things could be so much worst ! nite peep 
Eboniee just shut bathroom door in my face then said ' now pissoff ' who's been saying that to her i wonder ;-) 
Hate it when ppl chat shit . All mind games just make me wanna jog on ! You no who you are when you read this ..... later 
im very drunk like a skunk widoutthe punk but always geting funk 
Am pleasantly surprised .... Starting to think that this could work ;-) 
Wot a stressfull morning ....... thats gonna mean the rest of the day will be stressfull now ! 
Eboniee keeps trying to help me wash up but its not bloody help that she giving me but more poxy work ! Need a kitchen 4 her ! She's growing up to fast :( x 
up wid me cup-a-soup ! Long day today but hopefully better than yesterday ! Nite peeps ;) 
Need to get back in routine wid my sleep cos i feel like shite 
virgin mans here so FINALLY i get me house phone on .... it feels more like home when uv got ur landline bk . feels like thingsaegeting tee ..... slowly but surely 
""" If u cant handle me at my worst ....... then u sure dont deserve me at my BEST ! """ 
Kerry katona is makin me go cold 
Had 2 redbull , 2pro plus and now a strong coffee . If that aint enuff to keep me awake then im defo ready for the scrap heap 
Hate this key meter lark cos iv bloody run out of Poxy electric AGAIN ! Gotta get it changed to wot im used to and have a bill sent cos this is doing my nut in 
Hate school runs : @ 
Doing colouring wid eboniee in her scooby doo book but if she keeps taking my pencils then im never playing wid her again ! Lol 
They say everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live , and they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy , but you will ALWAYS LO ... VE them . Re-post if you are blessed to have at least 1 of these . 
Cant believe how Eboniee just acted in the opticians , proper out of control brat ! I was so embarrassed looking like a mother wid no control of a bloody 2yr old ! It was something out of supernanny and i really feel drained now ! 
has had a headache all day ...... muggy head and i cant seem to shift it 
Best sleep i had all week 
Basildon it is den !..... Tonight is 1 of them last minute nites which normally turn out the best ! Hopefully ;-) 
Omfg !... Omfg ! I fking hate lungi : @ 
Thierry keeps saying he wants to join the army ..... im tryingto put him off but its not seeming to work ..... christ sake 
to much ......... cant keep doing it ! : - 
Been eventfull , abit stressfull , successfull and mental ....... but a bloody HUGE eye opener ! 
Think iv fixed it :) 
Best be off !..... 
Morning peeps ! Have a wicked day ;-) 
Eboniee's just wiped shit everywhere ...... dirty bitch Xlol 
Someone tell me how much a blackberry curve is worth ! Aint a clue bout blackberry phones but somebody need to know how much they go for in shops 
Nytol time :-S 
Keeping my fingers crossed that eboniee's droppin off and she's not havin some power nap ......... there's no controlling her when she's on 1 
Was looking forward too 2morrow nite untill i got the biggest spot on my lip that i just couldn't leave alone and now looks like iv got some scabby coldsore ...... never had one in my life ! Poxy things 
Feeling like a utter fool but living and learning ;-) 
'' One day ...... somebody carried my mum's grocery's all the way home ...... you know why ? It was out of respect '' :-D 
Little prick ! FK OFF ! 
' Look at the size of it ...... wot have u done 2 urself ? ' im getting a grip wid getting in shape .... yuuuk ! 
Have gotta say that im starting to love this house . When you get ur cleaning routine and things back in order you can sit back and appreciate how lucky you are compared to alot of ppl ...... pity its still in grays though but you cant have everything i suppose 
Love my aunt ..... I invited her round 4 a coffee and chat and she hoovers all through and mops my floor ! She's the best aunt i could ask for ....... always there 4me widout me even asking ! XXxXx 
You see wot ..... that mouthy cunt cresta , aint nothing but a big mouth rude girl wannabe ! Stop trying it when you no i aint about to bash you prick . Your nothing to me but a dirty asse SLAG 
Asked Thierry bout his change from a bread roll at school , since he took a pound n its only 15p .... he said ' i spent it ' ........ on wot ? ......... ' on a massage ' ...... lol Wtf ! A Massage ? Bit young to be paying girls for massages xlolx 
How you act is how ur perceived : $ 
Eboniee's just done her first poo on the loo ...... xlolx not that anyone's interested but i DONT CARE ! U would of thought she'd past her driving test , the way i carried on .... ' you can go anywhere , the world is ur oyster ' xlolx i need a life :-o 
Finally sleep ....... now its mummy time B-) 
Bitch fight in grays 
I hope this works ! Cant put up wid the smell . If it carries on then ill have to rip the whole thing up even if its bloody new ! 
Eboniee snores like a man xlolx 
First day of the school holidays and brayley's been sick all night ! Hate it when there unwell being so quiet and wish they hurry up getting better but as soon as they do and aint so quiet ...... as if you dont miss that peacefullness of a sick kid ...... lol sounds bad but so TRUE XXX 
Just woke up to a red rose on me doorstep ! Trust me to get a valentine thats about a week behind ! Xlolx still cheered me up ! ;-) 
Is a prisoner in her own home and not 1mother Fking person is about ! 
Brayley just said that i look like a goldfish ....... he was deadly serious and straight faced ! Been compared to a few things before but a goldfish ! Not sure how to take it xXxXx luv ya boy ! XXxXx 
Gotta get some sleep and tomorrow im gonna start a new relaxed , calmer and more tolerant attitude . Love my tribe xXxXx 
So tired this morning i think i fell asleep on the toilet xlolx 
Im learning but soon i would of learnt enuff ! I wont be made to feel like im doing something wrong if im not and i wont stand there trying to argue my points either cos whoever's worth having in my life now will still be there in the future ! 
Plum 
Shall i or shant i , Go out 4 a drink ? 
' Learn by your own mistakes but live by others ' 
Cant believe i didn't realise ! Where has my head been at ? Last minute dash ONCE AGAIN :( 
Wonder how my baby's getting on , away on his school trip ! Its only 4days away but its first time iv EVER left him wid someone other than family or really close friends . I know he'll be fine and he wont wanna come home xlolx but he aint never moving out when he's older xlolx 
A Clear mind 
ThankFK your gone 
Soooooooo tired ! Need a new alarm clock but cant wait to see Thierry today . Bet they had a wicked time :) 
' Always follow your heart ' ........ who ever said that was on the pipe and should be shot . Biggest load of bullshit ever . Always trust ur gut instincts .... womens intuition 
Is missing my babys so much xxx somethings not right since there only gone till tomorrow and its a sat nite . I should be having it up to get kid free weekend . But instead im sitting in wishing they was home love you tribe xxxxxxxx 
Not sure if i can be arsed :-S 
Hope its as nice as this tomorrow 4 Thierry's bday ;) 
Happy birthday baby love you loads and hope you enjoy your day xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx 
Never known a kid Soooooooo bloody miserable . Fking Frustrating : @ 
I do luv the sun but it makes you see everysingle bit of dust and smudges on the windows that i cant just leave . Even dust from the dust cloth ! Xlolx 
Sometimes you last in love but sometimes it hurts instead ! BIG TUNE ....... 
All for the sake of saying SORRY ! Forget it im so fking done wid it . 
Liking Harry brown film ! 
Some ppl make me fking laugh when push comes to shove 
I danced with a pickle on your car cos thats the way i roll x 
Why is it so hard to see what im saying ? Communication has been lost and think its time to realise there's no changing it . 
Check me out .... ' bob the builder ' cementing and sanding ! Should have me own show x 
im bk on the firm ppl and theres no one getting in my way .... as soon as i lose a few tons of weight then ill be theeeeeerrrrrreeeee back on form and cant fking wait xxxxx see ya soon ppl xxx 
d 
Oi .... oi facebookers ! Had a break from here so what have i missed ppl ? Dont be shy ! ;) 
Trust me to get a piss head for my neighbour ! Wont shut up talking me 
Looking back at my fb statuses since end last yr and my god what a depressing bitch ! Get a grip ! Xlolx 
Thanks for tonight ! ;) its exactly what i needed ! 
I shouldn't be doing this at my age ! Need to get out this fking virused-up-crack-pack-of-a-town before i become one of them . Help me fk sake i need to stop surrounding myself with c .. ts ! ;) 
Went in shop and little girl said ' im gonna die ' how fked up is that . Im proper shitting now incase she got some indian spiritual shit going on and can tell lol 
Some ppl piss me off ! Didn't choose for baby to be ill but you'd think i did . Fk it cos you cant rely on no1 
From this time tomorrow i am defo , 100% , no going back ..... definately Starting to think about Starting a diet ! Defo :-D 
These days , cant find a man to please me ...... no boy is on the level believe me ' ;) 
Rather ppl said nothing to my kids than false hopes . Its as if My kids are ok to let down or something . It aint happening again . 
Me and eboniee are gonna start ruckin if her mouth dnt stop lol 
