Really wondering what I should do about car insurance . My instructor said that there's such a thing as driver's lisence insurance that you can use to buy a car , but I haven't had any luck getting information on that so far . 
Just finished a full day of working the fitting room at walmart . After my last time when I worked a half day I was kind of dreading it , but it went surprisingly well today . 
I'm surprized . I managed to boil an egg , still in the shell , in the microwave . I'm really not an experianced cook and everyone was telling me it couldn't be done after I mentioned what I was trying ... yet I /did/ it . O.o 
Took first actual driving part of driving class . Did lousy but at least nothing bad happened , and it's been a long time . 
Also , I'm moving in a few months . One of my roomies ' mother owns this place and she was living in a separate house with her daughter's family . Her daughter ran off without warning , leaving her to pay for their house on her own . Since she can't afford things like that we're moving in with her . It's a much bigger , nicer place and only at walking distance from where I work . 
I've got a 100 dollar coupon for a vacation ticket that runs out 12/31/10 . I don't need a hotel for any trips I'd want to purchase , so it's useless to me . If anyone has any trips that include a hotel and flight or a rental car that they can afford to pay for by 1/31/10 , let me know and I'll give you the information on the coupon . 
Finished Driver's Ed back on Thursday . Now I've gotta practice before I should go take my road test . 
I've got a 100 dollar coupon for a vacation ticket that runs out 12/31/10 . I don't need a hotel for any trips I'd want to purchase , so it's useless to me . If anyone has any trips that include a hotel and flight or a rental car t ... hat they can afford to pay for by 1/31/10 , let me know and I'll give you the information on the coupon . 
Face Book's acting wierd , so I'll have to still do the requests later . On another note , I'm not getting the car yet after all , but that money I asked for will still be useful toward saving for the car . 
Also , I know it's early , but I don't want to forget on the day ... so HAPPY BIRTHDAY MOM ! I hope your birthday is nice this year . 
And now it's completely official . I'm planning to spend the first day or so in Atlanta and then the other 5 or 6 or so with all my family types . |Departure from Salt Lake City : 06/01/10 1:00 PM| Arrival in Atlanta : 10:40 PM| Departure from Atlanta : 06/09/10 4:50 PM| Arrival Salt Lake City : 11:37 PM 
Trip to Georgia ( in June ) is now as official as it can get without having the check and tickets yet . Maybe you guys should save up that money for me so you can give it to me when I show up . 
I finally tracked down someone I've been looking for for years and tomorrow's my 2 year anniversary at wal-mart so I'll be getting some days off and getting a pay raise . Things are looking up . 
Results of my blood test came back a little early . My vitamin D's really low and my calcium needs a little help , so they're sending me stuff for that . But there's also the fact that there was an antibody that seemed irregular and that might be a bad thing if it's not normalized by the time I finish all these meds I'm taking right now . 
Maybe the meds are working . I've been feeling happier than I think I should lately . Yanno considering the time of month and all ... I've been in a really good mood this week . 
Because dad sounds as if he thinks something's wrong and he talks like my sisters are doing the same , let me say again , I'm doing well . All I'm taking meds for is my face and a vitamin d lack ( which is normal in Utah-ans anyway ) . 
What's the current situation with dad ? He likes to say I never call or tell him anything ... It's more like he's got alzhimers though and I'll tell him things a few times over or have a full conversation with him and he just forgets it ever happened . Meanwhile , I don't really hear what's going on with him unless Dawn or Becky tells me . x.x 
Well no new news from the doctor , I am off the antibiotics now though . She wants to check on my vitamin D and that antibody thing sometime 2 months from now . 
Anyone have a copy of Dissidia 012 and want a code for Lightning's Aya Brea costume ? 
Ugh . Dear whoever's out there that writes information on insurance benefits ... make it more clear what is and isn't covered ! Turns out saying a routine yearly check up is free means the VISIT is free and any blood work attached isn't even a tiny bit covered . 
Well , considering my roomie insists a moped's going to be useless during winter , it's back to the drawing board x.x 
Ugghh . Some kind of killer flu or something today ... Hopefully I'm not still sick tomorrow . I can't afford being off work like this right now . 
Jeeze ... just when I'm starting to feel better from the salmonella I get a sinus infection . on top of it . Not my week ... 
Re-post this if you have a Mom in Heaven ........ If flowers grow in heaven Lord , then pick a bunch for me , place them in my Mom's arms and tell her they're from me . Tell her that I love and miss her , and when she turns to smile , place a kiss on her cheek and hold her for a while . ? ? Miss you and Love you Mom always ' til we meet again 
Happy Mothers Day Mom -- I love you and miss you so !!! 
I swear it's like I'm not meant to drive . They gave me a different pretester this time and he was brutal . Even though I did EVERYTHING fine aside from two small mistakes , he was ragging about my speed . I was only /2/ under the speed limit when told 5 was ok . I was doing WELL today by what the other's standards were , but this guy claimed I wasn't even ready . Have I been taught wrong all this time or what ? 
Face book finally stopped being screwed up for me . Obviously I got home ok x.x 
Well at least I know a way TO work if I can't get this crap with getting my licenses out of the way before it snows . Problem is I don't know a way back . Maybe if things keep going bad like this and I have to do this , I can manage to get a ride home from coworkers , but HOPEFULLY it won't come to that . Darned issues that keep popping up with me trying to drive . 
Ok , so Georgia trip currently has me sticking around Atlanta over night since I'll probably not be getting out of the airport till 11ish or something , sticking in Atlanta on Wensday , and then going with my friends/meeting my family ( maybe meeting with Christina if she can make it ) at the Georgia Aquarium on Thursday ( june 3rd ) ... then go back to Hortense with the family . 
Blargh . I've got pink eye again it seems , not so surprising given where I work . 
Work finally gave me the time I asked for off , so now everything's set for the trip . 
Feeling kind of down tonight , but I'm sure I'll get through things like usual . Been starting to make plans for woman's health appointments ... also trying to think of different solutions for my driving related issues . 
Happy Birthday to my new boss ! 
A few days late but I'm back . Trip was nice . While I was in Atlanta I got to go to a sushi bar and an authenic style Japanese resturaunt . Had some Curry udon and a rice ball with salmon flakes in it . Got to try sake too . Didn't like the taste , but that's no surprize to me . I've never really liked anything I've tried that had much of any alcohol in it . 
Unproductively productive like : It's come to my attention that I've finished off 3 games ( console style ) within the past 3 weeks , and I've also almost finished The World Ends With You despite the fact I've only been playing it during my lunch and break periods at work ( and I've been using that for other stuff too lately ) . Maybe I'll manage to get through my gaming backlog yet . 
Well ... nothing of much interest has been going on for the most part . Except I MIGHT be getting a different job within walmart and I'm MOST LIKELY going to start selling skincerity depending on something today . If I do start the second you'll know . 
Annnd back from the doctors , so far so good , 10 days before I hear how the blood test went . 
This 
is I LOVE MY SISTER week . If you have a sister who has made you laugh , 
wiped your tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , 
cheered you on and kept you strong , copy and paste this to your status . 
Sisters area promise that we will have a friend forever ! Re-post if you 
have an ... amazing sister . 
Off to the doctor about my various stuff , wish me luck ! 
Gonna try and schedule my doctor's appointment tomorrow . Hopefully I can get this face junk taken care of .... and BOY are they gonna hate me considering I've NEVER gone in for female health . 
And belated thank you for all the well wishes . I forgot to look at my wall earlier since I was just trying to get facebook to work at all earlier . 
