is watching the missing . will i like it or should i give up now ? 
can't get her floating computer in the amenities block to stay still . This has resulted in a cricked neck . 
is eating the yummiest strawberries 
doesn't think she'd have girls any other way ! 
spent the afternoon watching women's cricket - good job England ! 
LMAO scrotal zone ! 
loves news bloopers and Freudian slips ! 
is watching the cricket final :-D 
wants to get mindlessly drunk and do something she'd regret . 
don’t even know what we’re fighting for . Why does love always feel like a battlefield , a battlefield , a battlefield . Better go and get your armour ! 
thought for some reason that time would stop while she was back in Aber - who knew it was the 6th of July already !! Where's my life gone ??? 
thinks she preferred it when they were unconfirmed . 
is off to Abertown . urgh 4 hour drive . 
is pained by the fact she's gunna have to dig out the ball of swelling on the inside of her nostril due to her piercing ..... with tweezers 
I've actually lost my phone up my fanny . 
Your feeling guilty , and I'm well aware . But you don't look ashamed , and baby I'm not scared ... 
cries everytime she sees Ana Ivanovic retire against Venus . 
thinks she IS Jack Black and that Michael Cera is just the cutest . 
All of these problems , they're all in your head . And I can't be somebody else . 
cuppa tea'd be lovely ! 
watched Castaway , related it to her life but still isn't able to cry ! Why have I dried up and gone cold ?? 
I never meant to start a war , no I never meant to hurt you . Don't even know what we're fighting for ... 
saw a pigeon get run over right in front of her eyes . 
has a lot of tears that need to fall but just can't set them off 
who's in Aber town this week then ? 
she wants it , I gotta give it to her . 
But she only comes when she's on top . 
finally won the stick tennis French grand slam . 
' s mouth sometimes creaks and jangles . 
is stupidly obsessed with Wimbledon 
just watched the eternal sunshine of the spotless mind , and doesn't know what to make of it :S 
could throw up . Just give me my results already ! ' UNCONFIRMED ' 
Darling it's better down where it's wetter , take it from me ! 
it's like you're the swingset , and I'm the kid that falls . 
really hates it when you shake your head like this ain't gonna work . 
just had to repierce her ear and is wondering , why do I bother with piercings again ?? 
is waiting with baited breath for the final word . 
was a reducing machine yesterday at work ! 
wishes the girls in the Pitbull video were actually pretty . 
Baby I got cribs , I got condos we can stay , even got a king size mattress we can lay . Baby I don't care , I don't care , what they say . 
would go for Frankmusik if she were straight . 
LOL Safina's in trouble ! 
" The weather's nice and wet just south of the border " 
How can i move on , when I'm still in love with you ? Cos if one day you wake up , and find that your missing me . And your heart starts to wonder where on this earth I could be ... 
likes where you sleep , when you sleep next to me . 
" your moisture drips upon my lips . " 
woke up to find herself hugging the long cylindrical shape her duvet had rolled into , with her legs wrapped around it ......... basically I was sleep-fucking my duvet . 
Let me be your supernova , before you make the biggest mistake of your life , just give me the chance to get it right . 
thinks she blacks out a little when Beyonce does that thing she does so well . 
fell into a toilet this morning . 
wanna share my love with a woman lover ! 
is bricking it coz she has a haircut booked . 
thinks Little Boots might just be England's answer to Lady Gaga . 
Tattoo your name across my heart . 
loves that Bliss accidentally ran over his little sister in an attempt to run me over . 
cinema tonight anyone ? 
let my love open the door to your heart . 
is nursing her giant chicken baby 
managed to dye her nipple red . 
Banksy Banksy Banksy Banksy Banksy Banksy Banksy Banksy Banksy Banksy Banksy Banksy Banksy Banksy Banksy Banksy Banksy Banksy Banksy Banksy Banksy Banksy Banksy Banksy Banksy Banksy Banksy Banksy Banksy Banksy Banksy Banksy Banksy 
doesn't know why she can't sing as of late . 
needs to find something to do on her two days off - ideas ? Any fun places to go ? 
I'm all out of sync , I cover my cuts . And hope they are fixed before I get hurt again . 
has realised she dances like kanye in the supernova video 
Pulling your hair , won't even compare to what I'm about to do to you on this highway . I'm talking about that backseat action , out in the middle of the traffic . I'm about to pull over , and give you the business ... 
wants a new internet game to play ..... 
can't stand whiney bitches . 
just invented the idea of the doubledecker pushchair . ( This idea is copyrighted ) 
is just a sweet transvestite , from transexual transylvania . 
loves how pleasantly politically incorrect her nan is . 
is having an age crisis . 
is straight for Zac Efron , wants to throw rocks at Vanessa Hudgens ......... and thanks everyone for their birthday messages ! :-D 
had the easiest shift at the kebabby :-D 
Well open up your mind and see like me . Open up your plans and damn you're free . 
You know I'd walk a thousand miles , if I could just see you . Tonight . 
just ate a cucumber 
NEVER say that again Mum ! " Yeh my sphincter wants to open . " 
cannot be dealing with anyone's shit at work today , thanks . 
.... and it's up to you how far we take it . 
is just gunna laugh at her mum's denial now . 
I wanna be with you everywhere . 
dance-drove her way home from work . woooooo . 
suffered from itchy leg syndrome this morning . 
Scooch on over closer dear , and i will nibble your ear . 
can't turn it on , turn it off like you now . I'm not like you now . You were so quick to change your tune . 
wishes this day could be erased . 
could never be a cutter ! 
oh florence . 
bets y'all didn't know she can play the harmonica . 
wishes she had more skin on her back . MALTA WAS FABBO THOUGH !! 
is watching Knocked Up once again . 
is going to do a poo at paul's . 
thinks the nice weather MIGHT , MAYBE be coming back 
requires beautiful song suggestions in order to have a little cry ... 
urgh still 2 months before back in aberrr . missing everyone . 
We throw our words around as if they were not gold . They are . 
' s status got raped by bliss . surprise surprise . 
is pleased with her mop , but not so chuffed that her chosen product smells like piss . 
was meant to tread the water , but now I've gotten in too deep .......... never thought I'd be quoting James Morrison . 
Shared your dreams and shared your bed . I know you well , I know your smell ..... aaaahh that's better . 
had a highly random but enjoyable day . 
I just ate a grape and I ...... 
If you like it violent , we can play rough and tumble , fall into bed . 
misses everything about it . 
is watching Scarred and missing the Aber crew ........ I broke my arm . 
is in love with Karen Walker . 
But all I see is your face , in my favourite place . 
So leaving me behind was your first step , now you try to move on and forget . Confusion girl never gives or takes , tries to cover up all of her mistakes .... frankmusik .... tune ppl 
thinks August is only going to get better now . 
has never spent so much time in a nostril . 
" Sex between women includes : touching , kissing , smiling , LOOKING SERIOUS , embracing , talking , digital intercourse , caressing , LOOKNG , cunnilingus , undressing , REMEMBERING LATER , making sounds , sometimes gently biting , SOMETIMES CRYING , and breathing and si 
loves how much of a bromance superbad is . 
ate out a nun . 
oh frankmusik 
has more issues than she thought . Where can I live in Aber for next year ???!! 
Said it all , nothing to say at all . Nothing to say that matters . Haven't we heard enough ? 
needs to find a new girl to give her affections to . 
You win again , so little time , we do nothing but compete . 
enjoyed abertown but is now back to reality . 
is a Ty-Hann-osaurus Rex 
who's gonna come to Clubland Live 3 with me ? 
is looking forward to the Aber peeps visit :D 
is working 9-5 . It's not gonna be pleasant . bleurgh 
crashed Henry the Hoover into the sunglasses stand . 
forgot to say out loud , how beautiful you really are to me . 
:'( 
is afraid , that I , well I may have faked it ... 
is a little bit gay . 
just when i thought Rihanna's hair couldn't get any better , she does it again ! 
damn you New Look further reductions !! 
danced her way home this afternoon . 
is getting a big cuddle from boy and holding hands with him . 
can't decide which of Beyonce's breasts to marry . 
is gonna eat your brains and gain your knowledge . 
" Do you feel the same ? I don't wanna play ... gaaaames , no gaaaaames ... " 
Don't waste your time on me , your already the voice inside my head . 
If you're a bird , I'm a bird . 
" I've told you some quality wank bank gold ! " 
just saw robert pattinson topless and threw up in her mouth . 
thinks Hayley looks really rather good in the new Paramore video . 
so who's gonna get me this Reading ticket then eh ? 
Why d'ya have to be so cute ? It's impossible to ignore you . Must you make me laugh so much , it's bad enough we get along so well . One of these days , you'll miss your train and come stay with me . We'll have drinks and talk about things , any excuse to stay awake with you . You'll sleep here , i'll sleep there , but then the heating may be down again - at my convenience . We'd be good , we'd be great together . 
is currently experiencing high excitement levels . 
thinks she has rather sad eyes . 
is starting to dread work every day . 
thinks elements of her life should be on the Jerry Springer Show . 
might just spontaneously combust with excitement before she even makes it up to Aber . 
4 more sleeps . 
You don't even know the meaning of the words I'm sorry . You said you would love me until you die , as far as I know you're still alive . 
thinks the characters in Adulthood are all just unnecessarily confrontational , sad little people . 
3 more sleeps ....... <3 
thinks in a northern accent . 
is doing research for her next piercing , and feels she may pass out at the thought of doing some of the things she's seeing . 
is watching Wolf Creek . 
I'm pregnant ....... fuck offffff .... 
has an all day hangover . My favourite . 
loves Holly Willoughby quite a bit . 
really should be more organised with her packing , considering I've been looking forward to going back the entire summer . 
is tidying her room accompanied by gangsta tunes . 
got a little broody at work today . 
can remember all the things she said , just not the faces to which they were spoken . 
The spell I'm under is you , it's you . You're just what's come over me , you're who's gotten into me , you who did this thing to me ... 
won't stop ' til you surrender . 
hates lesbians . 
wants Edward Scissorhands to do her hair . 
anyone hitting the warm-up at the union ? 
thinks today can only be made bearable with the aid of SUBWAY . 
predicts a vomit . 
expects the weight is falling off her . 
can't wait to not be poorly anymore , so she can go out again . 
oh Rihanna 
is being out-gayed by a femme !!!! 
is watching Florence @ Reading on TV once again , and still feeling the Reading envy . 
has decided , after 9 hours , that she does like her new chop of the mop . 
is content . 
But if you find that you don't like it . That the people there aren't inviting , or that city life is too frightening . Won't you come home . 
is bored so going to cut and experiment with her hair . 
was unsuccessful in getting a place in the London Marathon 2010 .......... thank god !! 
can't believe she actually did it . 
Oh maybe someday I'll deserve something more . 
Anything that's worth having , sure enough worth fighting for 
are the Veronicas gay ??? 
There you are , sitting in the garden . Clutching my coffee , calling me sugar . You called me sugar 
needs to perform minor surgery on her finger . 
Loneliness leads to bad dreams , and the bad dreams lead me to calling you . And I call you and say " come here ! " 
has got the egg shakes . 
put her ipod through the wash . Now every song sounds like a swarm of bees . 
is gonna stop living life watching from the sidelines , starting with .................. ROAD TRIP !!!!! Abertown here we come !!! 
just wants to know what this year holds for her . 
thought the music tonight was shit , and ended up getting a little aggressive lol 
And in the night we'll wish this never ends . 
has spent the past 2 hours in the amenities block watching people fall over on youtube with her house . 
is listening to a rap song admiring the lyrics . 
can't understand why the printer is trying to charge her 30p per side !! 
Quids In anyone ? 
managed to find her shirt from last night behind the union in the woods , near the giant silver beehives . 
is finally gonna go to badminton . 
thinks only Florence will make this evening's work bearable . 
is considering femming up this year .... maybe . 
wishes she had a big bedroom to dance in 
is having SERIOUS nose piercing issues . 
wants things to be how they were before . 
is eating rice pudding and still avoiding the fishy assignment . 
really needs a hobby . 
thinks the cat makes a good foot warmer . 
thinks her GASH is looking top notch right now . 
Ultrabeat tomorrow night anyone ? 
left the tap on again . 
2 more sleeps ......... <3 
is making harem pants her bitch this year . 
is listening to the Team America soundtrack whilst attempting her assignment . 
will end up in hospital one day . 
now wants sleeves after watching LA Ink . 
It's too late to apologise . 
insulted a fat girl's legs , started a fight with a guy shorter than herself , raved to Riverside and was just generally crude all evening . 
is appreciating Juno a lot more second time round . 
Shun the non-believer , shunnnnnnnnnnn 
is spinning out . 
The start of Saw 5 is one of the most horrific Saw things there are ! 
is gonna play Championship Manager Season 97/98 . My God I'm bored . 
should have said NO to drunken face hickies from gay men . 
thinks Louise Doe , Rhiannon Doe and Phoebe Smith or whoever had a camera should get the pics from London up ! 
I wanna hurt you just to hear you screaming my name . 
found a dead sheep on the beach . 
isn't being rude not replying to texts - my phone drowned ! 
is at home with her somewhat excited cat . 
is a mere 9 hours away from being in aber . damn the drive though . 
went a little mad on the ol ' drinkies after finding mystery money in her account . 
to get a carnage t-shirt or not to get a carnage t-shirt ...? 
is now in mourning . RIP finger piercing :'( 
is gonna try to make it out tonight . 
ooooooooooooOOOOooooohhhh PATRICK SWAYZE !! 
anyone wanna come over and watch the exorcist with me to save me from watching it for the first time by myself ?? 
has gotta feeling ...... 
is the most hungover she's been this semester and is gradually remembering the daft things she did . Somebody bring me a sub please ! 
just remembered her trousers fell down in front of 3 boys at 3.30 in the morning , in the middle of the street . 
we're kissing without kissing , we've got it down to a fine art . 
didn't kiss any boys ! hurray !! 
He is mister fashionista . 
is gonna go out tonight with Rose Taylor and Thom T-Dog Jedward Mutton damnit . 
sorry Henry the hoover . 
just remembered the 3 pizzas in the freezer and 20 sausages ! hallelujah ! I can live ! 
thinks Carnage didn't disappoint . 
is gunna beat the hangover with a baguette filled with meatballs and salad ....... mmmmm subway . 
is some kind of sexual hero 
is hoping for a good weekend 
Has just stocked up on tampons and rubber gloves ! Good times ! Party at mine ! xxx 
is gonna get so steamed tonight . 
let the police in , pissed in a doorway and gashed her leg on her desk . LOST : my christmas jumper , glasses , dignity and feeling in my legs . FOUND : someone's tin of vaseline ........... woop . 
is feeling emo . poem writing time . 
is still being told stories of her antics from Saturday night . 
just got chased by an army of OAPs in pjm . 
is loving Tinchy Stryder feat . Amelle . tuuuuuune . also , Nicole Scherzinger - perfection maybe ? 
wahey bed time ! g'night everyone ! 
thinks it's ridiculous how late some people can sleep . 
what the hell happened last night and why does my head hurt so bad ??? 
only MaccyD will make today better . 
Have you ever fed a lover with just your hands . 
likes scary films . 
is gonna get mashed Aber syle one last time before home - who's in ??!!! 
would like to thank David Daniels for allowing her to return home . 
where's the snow at ??? 
and I'm still loving you , like it was the first time . 
loves that Alice-May Hawcroft's fish out lived everyone else's despite its current abode being a plastic water jug . 
was so very nearly content with the idea of staying in tonight - damn you cricket girls !!! 
can't decide whether or not to go on the cricket social tonight . 
spent yesterday afternoon searching the streets and pubs for her glasses , only to return home and be told that they were in the corridor the whole time . FML . 
Shit . an hour and a half to go . 
hates the impossible quiz 
spent the day with the cat : playing in the snow , wrapping presents and watching tv . 
can't decide if the horrific video of her , filmed by Lewis-Aragorn Monk and Thomas T-Dog Mutton , is facebook worthy . 
doesn't know if she returned home with her glasses . Did I even go out with them ?? 
probably shouldn't have watched that documentary on dementia . 
enjoyed late night ball games in Fiona Arwen Davies's room . 
doesn't know whether to go see drag me to hell ?? 
got paid more than she thought she would - hallelujah ! Let the Xmas shopping commence . 
satisfied her piercing craving by allowing her ear lobe to be a pin cushion for piercing training at work . Meh , free piercings ! 
think Josh Bliss must be doing something wrong . 
is willing to sell her worldly belongings in order to afford to get home . 
wonders when the bad weather will end . 
There must be someone in Aber who is able to lend me £10 so I'm able to go home - please ??? 
wants to hit the sales already . 
You are my sweetest downfall . 
thinks Josh Bliss should " just put the fire out ! " 
wishes it was this time last year , with Thomas T-Dog Mutton . Oh the things I would have done differently in 2009 . 
got her watch caught on her nose ring - ouch . 
hoes Thomas T-Dog Mutton , Rose Taylor , Fiona Arwen Davies ? Bethan Rosina Foweraker , Bethan Rosina Foweraker and Phoebe Brewster and all the aber pl had a good one . n 
' s hair is being a twat . Maybe I shouldn't go out tonight . 
isn't looking forward to working 12 hours . 
has overplayed every song in the UK and USA top 100 chart - any suggestions ? 
is driving home for Christmas ..... 
It's CLAIRE'S Accessories not CLIVE'S Accessories . 
seems to be watching a somewhat pornographic scene in a movie ......... with her father . 
Anyone ever noticed tthe path offf penglais hill that looks liek it could be a shortcut to PJM < ??? Well it ISN'T . Take it from me . It just lead s to a series of thorny bushes . I walked through a few and realsied I was cut ot shit and it wasn't even worth it . Ruined my shoes and me jeans .... and my arms legs and face . 30 minutes of my life i'm never getting back , 
is GOD of snow angels . 
really hopes Imogen Heap's latest album does not disappoint . 
can't decide if Hayley Williams is hott as a blonde . 
I spend my coldest nights alone , awake and thinking of the weekend we were in love . 
has bought an adult-size babygrow ! 
is getting her swine flu vaccination today - eek . 
got some of life's stress out by shooting hooks into the heads of cuddly toys all day . 
You don't know how lovely you are . I had to find you , tell you I need you . Tell me your secrets , And ask me your questions 
why won't it melt already !! 
didnt have the most wonderful time at church . The vicar's sleeve got caught on my head and messed up my hair , and I ACCIDENTALLY kicked a man in the prosthetic leg . Oh , and is it bad I spent the entire time sat there trying to work out which nice christian girl I'd like to corrupt the most . 
these girls fall like dominos . 
is a sucker for a song with a 6:8 time signature . 
damn u basingstoke jewellery shop girl - when are u going to make eye contact with me ????!! 
RIP Fat Bitch . 
is going Aber bound next week . Who's gonna be around ? 
Snow again . Great . Super . Fabulous . Fantastic . Brilliant . Amazing . Awesome . Stupendous . Splendid . 
can't wait for that moment when Ken is actually useful . 
danced her way home . 
accidentally deleted all 25 photos on Jellycam . NOOOOOOOO !! Should probably have read the instructions before using it . 
can watch Mamma Mia over and over . 
always seems to return to aber with more clothes than she left with . 
everything hurts . 
is going so insane from revision she's talking to Alice-May Hawcroft ' s fish . 
is now coughing up blood . Is that a good sign ?? 
thinks Bethan Rosina Foweraker likes nuts even more . 
Fucking Reading Festival with its fun and music and drinking and my friends and stuff to do :( 
thinks Jade Ewan has bounced back from Eurovision with a pretty decent song . It's a shame she has the sort of face that I just want to punch . 
Are you there , or are you just a decoy dream in my head ? Am I home or am I simply tumbling all alone ? 
thought Thomas T-Dog Mutton was taking the piss when he said he wanted me to drive him back to McDonalds for a SECOND drive-thru . No-no . 
we want the ones that we will grow to hate . 
Talking leads to touching , and the touching leads to sex . And then there is no mystery left . 
wants a Reading ticket for Sunday please . 
damnit Frankie why have you grown you hair ? 
The silence isn't so bad , til I look at my hands and feel sad , coz the spaces between my fingers are right where yours fit perfectly . 
sat on a yoghurt . 
has anyone got their loan through yet ? 
what a messy night . Fucking brilliant . Night 1 of the bender with Phoebe Brewster - successful ! 
oh my life !!! Aber Accommodation Office , I'm gunna < insert verb here > your family !!!! GRRRR 
wahey ! VMA time ! 
I got a big ego , such a huge ego . But she love my big ego . It's too much , I walk like this ' cause I can back it up . 
loves Pixie Lott and her frown and oiled up thighs . 
take it away take it away , it's so easy to stay , easy to stay . I've got one good reason to keep you on your feet , I got another in the back , home in a seat . 
thinks Alice-May Hawcroft's Lady Gaga theme is more difficult than she had previously thought . 
I hate to see her go , but I love to watch her leave . 
is going to spend her tomorrow finalising uni shizz and setting up her new ipod . no more dwelling on the negatives . 
what a quality night ! Thanks Lewis Monk !!!!!!!! 
is officially bricking it once again ...... piercing time . 
can't handle a sixth night out in a row ........... in Aber . 
what the hell happened last night Lewis Monk ??????? urgh 
enjoyed her afternoon GaGa shopping with Gareth Paul McTiffin ! 
I had 3 just watching Cash in the Attic ! 
likes nuts :) 
: Mmmmm Nuts . 
It’s a quarter after one , I’m a little drunk , and I need you now . Said I wouldn’t call but I lost all control and I need you now . 
ohhhhhhhhhh Mr Postman , how you deliver me gifts of comfort and joy ! 
would quite like to marry Imogen Heap please . 
oh mr postman .... 
is no longer bluffin ' with her muffin . 
it all just depends on the questions now . 
is asking the age-old question : What happened last night ??! 
nearly ran over a frog 
would like to apologise to all the people she may have given dyke flu to . 
sorry , LOVES nuts . 
: Like really LOVES nuts . 
We played golf on the moon and tennis on the Sun , like athletes of the afternoon . 
should learn that her actions have consequences on her hoes 
" I have no confidence and i wish i could build my confidence up with someone . i am honest , truthful , and my friends say i am wise . I am looking for a relationship that will lead to marrige . What i am looking for in a person is trust honesty and love . " LOL way to sell yourself there ! 
lick my metal minge 
waited 10 minutes before she realised she was waiting outside a storage cupboard for her tutorial . 
' s vertical tragus surface is holding up better than she thought . 
finally watched the time traveller's wife . awesome . I am a ball of tears . 
would really like a chop of the mop . 
thinks she's out again tonight . FML . 
grrrrrrr Chris Brown moved onto Cassie pretty sharpish . 
wants a girl who high-fives after sex . 
loves cock 
is gunna rave to some freshly downloaded tunes , and tidy her room with the hope of finding hidden treasures 
sambuca , goldschlager , tequila . I think that says it all . 
you left a wank stain on the floor ..... 
thinks the beaky bastards outside need to shut the muff up coz dhe's onely just got ,. it . 
when the fuck did u get facebok raped , i ndtn undersatnad ??!! 
i'm fucking creaming bitches !!!! 
still feels like she may chunder everywhere . FML . 
R . I . P Jelly Cam ......................... you were shit anyway . 
is so ashamed of her drunken self . If I don't remember , it didn't happen right ??? 
just loves the cock 
has just been double clicking the mouse ! 
faceplanted on the stairs in Yokos . Ouch . 
is getting naked in Rose Taylor's room . 
beat Laura Hunt at Wii Mario Kart racing AND tennis . Better luck next time . 
thinks today is a day for hoody and y-fronts . 
wahey ! EMAs ! finally . 
is sad to say goodbye to 159's extra residents : Liz Morgan , Hallam Stilts Monk and Lucy Mackreth . Brilliant weekend ! 
is actually going to think about her drunken actions before doing them 
R . I . P Vertical tragus surface . Back down to 17 :( 
just got lamped ..... literally . My lamp fell off my cupboard and landed on my head . 
has soft features . 
is detemerined not to throw up . 
is slippery wet and waiting for some action tonight 
tonight has been an evening for calories , power ballads , fmylife.com and ellen & portia . Bleak times . 
Anyone seeing Imogen Heap tonight ????? Oh yeh ...... me ! 
Semester to semester , ravin’ with the freshers .... 
I'll apologise for tonight , tomorrow morning . 
FML 
is gonna ride with Paul from Z-cars and the tranny in the boot more often . 
enjoyed her roast dinner and spontaneous Goginan church visit , featuring Craig the sheep . 
ius on it again . 
is gutted facebook won't let her change her name to High Vaginal Swab . 
threw up in a child's play ground - don't slip kids ! 
can see herself having a very Rihanna based night . 
Was there really that much need to drink shots of QC and sambuca and 2 admirals in twenty minutes before even leaving the house . No . Me thinks not . oh God , never again . 
Rose Taylor : " My legs are like window wipers . " 
is undergoing all the necessary preparations for Pub Golf tonight . I am a little scared though . 
Alejandro . 
enjoys spontaneous 3AM hair bleaching sessions . 
Has anyone got any pub golf attire I can borrow for this evening ..... please please please ! 
thinks the Telephone video is everything she could have hoped for it to be . Well worth the wait ! 
ate shit loads of pastry-based products , then threw half of them up in her mouth .......... whilst driving . fml . 
You wouldn't know a sex toy if it left a battery in your vagina . 
spent her afternoon studying a mollusc that looked uncannily like blue waffle . 
If i see one more person with milk Ima fucking chunder in their face . 
fuck off is it snowing . 
feels physically sick at the thought of watching the last ever episode of the L Word . 
loves penis and the beach ! xx 
Ride this beat beat beat like a pony . 
can't move for fear of spewing . 
likes ' ildren . 
is never going out with Fiona Boo Davies and Lewis Colin Monk again . Home and throwing up by 1.30 , then out again by 3 . Why the muff ?!!?! 
i love the cock !!!!! 
is wondering who the girl in the street that smiled at her was - damnit ! 
lost her socks , the lining of her stoamch and he rdignity . wtf happened tonight ? Q ? Q damnit u beer kellar . 
thinks Ellie Goulding is on the verge of being a perfect specimen of a woman . 
Alone , awake and thinking of the weekend we were in love :) 
needs someone to decide for her whether to go out or not .... 
really should go down town and look for her house key , but is too hanging to drive . 
a cup of tea , a fag , a microwaveable all day breakfast , a hoody and a good book will sort me out . 
got kicked out of CK's this morning . 
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSS !!!!! IT'S GONE INNNNNN !!!!!!!!!!! 
is thinking of a certain someone ;) animal behaviour coming right your way xx 
will hands up admit she underestimated her mum's rationality , regarding me getting a speeding ticket . 
doesn't know how concerned she should be about the sharp stabbing pain below her left ribs . 
is gonna have a busy evening packing if she's to leave in the morning . 
has ten and a half hours till her exam . Bring on the all nighter . fml . 
doesn't think special curry makes a good moisturiser . 
Oh pixie lott . 
is strangely really excited for the cinema tonight . 
' s house has been raped by England paraphernalia . 
R . I . P Rustler :'( 
thinks Phoebe might be fast becoming her favourite Friends character . 
Just in case you were planning to ..... DON'T watch Free Willy Escapes from Pirate's Cove , no matter how bored you are . It's shite . 
is definitely NOT watching Michael Flatley interviews . 
went on chatroulette and saw 20 dicks , 0 boobs and 0 fannies . Anyone know if there's a Chatroulette For Lesbians ? 
for once returned home with mininmal damage to herself , money in her bank account , a fragment of her self-respesct , her keys , glasses , phone and the contents of her stomcach - all round a highly successful night ! 
just remembered she ended her night chasing her tongue bar down the streets of PJM . 
misses the days when she used to throw up before bed , at least then I didnt feel so shite the following day . 
is very surprised she didn't get knifed last night . 
43 notifications fuck taht shi , i'm far too ised for that looooooow . xx 
<3 Jason Derulo 
If your son doesn't , I bet your daughter knows . 
I LOVE COCK 
can't stop laughing . Tought I was gunna make it home injury-free for once , but then truipped up a curb on her walk home and did her knees and ribs in . Sorta sad no one was there to witness it , but at the same time sorta pleased . / 
wonders if had the police seen me they would have believed it was actually my car I was throwing baked potato at . 
wonders what crazy antics she can get up to today with Rose Taylor and Thomas T-Dog Mutton and the like . 
would really like a passenger or two for this journey but ah well . Let's get this show on the road ! Bye Aber ! 
would really like to not be ill for May Ball . 
has taken up talking to herself full-time . 
is wondering how epicly she'd have to jump off her bed to end up in Gareth Paul McTiffin's room . 
Where's my fucking clap , where's my encore ? 
Hello Seattle , I am an albatross . 
is basica ;; y home sweet home , but can't work out why her nose and mouth are bleeding . c 
The spaces between my fingers are right where yours fit perfectly . 
is sending Rose Taylor and Thomas T-Dog Mutton off to sleep by playing them lullabies . 
is interested to know what results everyone got . 
damnit Venus ! 
can't very well do Sober Sundays by herself :-( 
Somebody brief me on the story of the original Alice in Wonderland before I watch the new one . 
' s hair is so so very soft and fluffy right now . 
is hapy but tnhe again sad . 
packing sucks dick . 
is nervous to go to her volunteering job this afternoon . 
has been home for 33 hours and wants to go back to Aber already . 
can't believe so many people stretch their lobes - that shit hurts ! who knew ! :-( 
has had the gayest weekend in the history of time . Pink last night and Pride today :-) 
had the most violent dreams last night , but is pleased Louise Doe didn't get thrown in the slammer because of me and kill herself . 
is eating babyfood . Now that takes me back . 
4 nights out in a row - yeh i can hack it . 
OMG England , what are you playing at ?!?! 
made it back to aber in record time by a minute . 3 hours 58 mins . 
is looking forward to her drive back , belting out tunes all the way :-) 
She like tanning , I like staying in , she like romancing , I like rolling with friends .... 
can't sleep so is watching The Elephant Man ................... as you do . 
thinks she recommends Jennifer's Body , but isn't convinced . 
really fancies a straight . 
never really realised how good looking enrique iglesias is . 
really needs motivation to pack my shit up . 
I just wanted to see some free titties . That's all . But there's no such thing as free titties , is there , Zack ? 
likes Olly Murs ' song far more than she should . 
just remembered that while I was plastered on wine and tequila I thought it would be a good idea to let Alys Gower take clippers to my head ............. fml . 
is tempted to declare this term as the best to date . 
one more sleep boys and girls . 
is pretty glad she doesn't do heroin . 
is surprisingly excited to be going to the football today . 
Oh ITV weathergirl Becky Mantin , how you treat my eyes ............... and deliver me news of future days ' conditions . 
anyone want some special fried rice with their blue waffle ? 
went to cook eggs and got a tad carried away and made a fried breakfast fit for a king ......... shame i'm not particularly hungry . 
will pay someone a tenner to pack all her shit up for her . 
still loves Marina and the Diamonds : Better to be hated than loved for what you're not . 
must be a lesbian . 
used to be commander and chief of my pimp ship flyin ' high . 
is still in aber for one more messy night . 
Home sweet home . Chuffed my boy was waiting up for me :-D 
just found a sheep in her bed . 
why do my hangovers get worse as the day goes on . 
See I front like I’m okay but I’m not , I’m being played at my own game and it’s long blud . 
over the rainbow over the rainbow over the rainbow ! Bye bye Sophie . 
is on the internet in her room ! Only took me 6 months to sort it :-) 
mmmmmm last night's pizza 
has had sUCH a mhumerous night - not looking forawrd ot the conseqwunces later thoguh . 
We model on the arts of lucifer <3 
longs to be the mic stand between Rihanna's legs . 
needs a cheeky nap before her fourth night out this week . 
is wondering why the teletubbies theme has been in her head all morning . 
is wondering why the house smells so strongly of custard skin . 
sex in the air , I don't care I love the smell of it . 
You are the only exception <3 
wishes she hadn't accidentally quoted a porn movie to her mum . " You got glazed like a doughnut . " 
" Wow , you are a special lady . " Thanks Louise Doe . 
imagine sex with Lee Evans . Sweatiest sex ever perhaps ? 
did not know that when she was dragged out of bed at 10 this evening she'd end up walking down terror drive , climbing consti , skinnydipping , walking the streets wet and half naked , going to spar and walking up penglais hill . Bloody shattered but totally worth it . 
is very excited for Black Swan now . 
simply loves the constant lump she has in her throat :'( 
as if Charlotte ' cookie ' Lacey was asleep and snoring like a banshee only 5 minutes into my presentation :( 
Absence makes the heart grow fonder - actually , I beg to differ . 
to go out tonight or not to go out tonight ? I think it's the question on everyone's minds . 
bye bye Henry :'( 
You take him high , you take him low , you take J.C. wherever you go ! Now tell me who's in the house ? J.C !! 
ADVENTURE TIME !!! 
good morning mystery earache , lovely to wake up with you again . 
wishes she aws less drunk right now . 
enjoyed consuming half a bottle of tequila and half a bottle of disaronno with Dave ' Mantis ' Nicholson last night ........... my head hurts . 
can't stop lolling at how gay and brokeback mountain-esque the robbie williams and gary barlow video is . 
had an amazing drunken blur of a week ! No idea what happened on what night but I'm sure it was all fun and games . 
dreamt she had a urinary tract infection , was sleeping with a friend's boyfriend AND Lady Gaga died - Worst . Dream . Ever 
' s veins are fucked :( achey arm 
just remembered she pissed on the Christian bookshop ............. again . 
wine from a sippy cup ftw . 
Kanye u giant disappointment . Gaga u beauty . 
is still LOL'ing that Chase and Status backed out . 
is looking forward to a disturbingly , absurdly , revoltingly , astoundingly , outrageously heavy night . 
Why is everything so confusing ? Maybe I'm just out of my miiiiind ..... 
is nervous to see what her hair's gunna come out like . 
is having a political debate with Gareth Paul McTiffin 
would quite like to go on chatroulette but doesn't understand how to get it to work :( 
wooooooo 553/2000 . slowly but surely . 8 hours to go . 
needs to stop asking random girls in the toilets if they want to pet her . 
Aberystwyth here we come !! 
is mildly concerned by Charlotte ' cookie ' Lacey ' s sleep talking : " No , I'm going to take your car ! " 
witnessed a hell of a lot of hot girls in town today . Phwoarrrrr 
enjoyed deep penetrative kinkiness with Gareth Paul McTiffin and some randomer pulled off the street this evening . 
has been really missing her transfinger piercing all day . I don't think I can face getting it redone though :'( 
wow , I'm acutally dreally drunk tonightm not sick jsut dunr k :-) 
might wear some black , white and maybe some grey tonight . 
The Human Centipede DID NOT disappoint ! 
Errr , I don't know how to tell you all this but I think it's important for me to be honest ... I'm straight . Yup , you heard me . I LIKEA THE COCK , IN AND AROUND MY MOOOOUTH 
is prrrrrreeeeetty sure she's fucjing tampin . 
where tha fuck s my tongue barr ?!?! wtf did i do tonihgt !?!?! 
isn't so fond of Ricky Gervais now he's less of a chubby funster . 
enjoyed her twelve hour drinking day at the races with Dave ' Mantis ' Nicholson . Shame I didn't win a penny . 
" Shorty , let me whisper in your ear . Tell you everything you wanna hear . You got my vote : Hottest Girl of the Year " 
Dear passengers of Brian the Chevy . Thankyou muchly for the loose change , cigarettes and sand you have deposited in my vehicle . One thing , how do you manage to get footprints on the arm and head rests ?!?!?! 
thinks The Human Centipede looks brilliant ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxVgWI_dOCs 
longs to know who jess in the blue velvet dress is ..... 
can't believe she forgot she was on chatroulette and then had Charlotte ' cookie ' Lacey over :-P 
finds it heartbreaking to see her cat climb into every box she's trying to use to pack for aber . 
may actually die of starvation . KFC ftw . 
is knackered . What a day . 
I can beeeee your hero ! 
woke up 4 hours later than she had hoped . Ah well time to start a productive day ! 
' s day hasn't started brilliantly . The sun's burnt my retinas out . 
how hot is brandon flowers ' video !? Lay your body down .... 
is gunna turn the house upside down today in order to find her missing pair of beautiful shoes . 
You take my fucking car and I'll take your fucking face luv ! 
is nly just going ot bed after a highly succesful first night out back in Aber with Liz Morgan and Gareth Paul McTiffin ! 
isn't going to be trying to do the Telephone dance in the shower again anytime soon . 
My Sister's Keeper - my oh my .! Happy birthday Phoebe Brewster !!! Damnit the beaky bastards are giving it all that ! 
never has there been a diviner vagina . 
what the hell happened ?!! how did we all get so drunk ?!! why did I sleep in the woods ?? 
hasn't been so attracted to one person in a looooong time . 
is more than a bit guted , drank disturbing amoutns , and think pjm is muffing scary pissed alone at 4 in themorning . 
Dude , where's my car ??? 
tonight Matthew , I'm going to be .......... a lobster . 
fuck it . let's go dancing . 
is gonna give up girls for a while 
is getting arse raped by her chair . 
needs to wake up and get in the mood for tonight . 
what am I gonna do when the best part of me was always you . And what am I supposed to say when I'm all choked up that you're ok ....... 
would love a cheeky website that lists the political parties ' policies in simple bullet points . 
full-on fraped . Like a motherbitch . Hairy Guys . Really Charlotte Beard ? I think I'm gunna chunder everywah . 
is living on a diet of ice lollies and is loving her new sparkly collarbone . 
Don't keep it all to yourself , just let all your emotions run free with someone like me :-) 
thoroughly enjoyed her killer week back in aber . Happy graduation guys . 
wants to be a billionnaire ..... 
is gonna give up wine for a while . 
can't belive how lairy fhe got at hte dj tonight . 
enjoyed last night's drive to Cockface and Bangkok with Phoebe Brewster , Rose Taylor and Lucy Mackreth , and being the only gay in the village in Llanddewi Brefi ! 
last night cost me £15 and a shoe :/ 
can't believe her watch sold for £82 on eBay . Rolling in it . 
looks like Jimmy Neutron . Damnit that was NOT the look I was going for . 
thinks it finally feels like xmas - heard Driving Home For Christmas on the radio when I was driving . 
loves it when people fall asleep in her bed when she wants to sleep before her 9:30 exam . 
is not going to let a wasp evict her from her room . 
isnt'e sure but thingks she's watched 500 da sof sSummer 3 timesi nthe past 24 hours . Makes me wee[p everthime . s 
let the May Ball regime commence . 
would love it up the pooper ! 
can't even put into woreds how hungover she ' predicts she's gunna br when she wakesup . BILLIANT NIGHT : Phoebe Brewster 
" The only time I've ever had a nose bleed is when I turned off my brother's sega and he punched me in the face " - LOL Rose Taylor 
loves a good costume drama with a lesbian twist - if only i could bloody get it to work . 
wants to play darts so bad . 
Take a dirty picture for me , take a dirty picture . 
two hours and counting before the PJM premiere of The Human Centipede . I'm too excited . 
isn't even going to try to remember what happened last night . 
wants a notification to distract her from revision . 
is drunkenly lolling megastyle at family guy 
is EXTREEEEEMELY excited for tonight but it's 3 o'clock and I still have no idea what to wear . 
<3 Ke$ha . Yes please . 
thoroughly enjoyed Thorpe Park yesterday : Saw Live :-O 
really couldn't care less about the exam this afternoon . Got a glass of 1/2 & 1/2 vodka red bull waiting in the fridge . 
is gonna blare some tunes and attempt to cook French onion soup . 
just remembered learning the tragedy dance off random fugly girls in Pier's over 21s night with Gareth Paul McTiffin and Phoebe Brewster . 
Although I will really REALLY enjoy watching Katie Waissel some more , Cheryl really should have put Gamu through . Can't wait for an actual real proper performance from Cher again though . 
is definitely NOT sat in her room drinking wednesday night's leftover vodka vimto . 
has some sort of RSI from all the cooking she's doing ! 
it's starting to poop herself about tomorrow . 
really wants the right questions to come up today , and will be disappointed if they don't . 
awwwww Geoffy Geoff . 
is off bastard dress shopping . fml . 
loves that someone stole the C from the Coral sign . Genius . 
will apologise for tonight tomorrow morning .......... well afternoon . 
brilliant . the single biggest and most lively moth I've seen in my life and I'm the only person left in the house . Gonna have to deal with this situation bravely before it goes in my ear . 
thinks 2nite might go really well : get really drunk , have fun with my friends , enjoy some good music , return home relaxed & ready 4 a day of revision 2moro , or really badly : get really drunk , lose my friends , chunder all around town , pass out under vans & other inappropriate places , spew some more , pull a random , have unprotected sex , & return home feeling shit in the morning & not do any revision . Place your bets . 
Reload ....... yeh why not . 
POW right in the kisser . 
REALLY hoprs she can get to sleep and doesnt end up kippjng in the woods again . 
thinks her lecture was well worth going to . Spent the hour reading a written conversation between the two girls sat in front of me , chatting about how one of the girl's boyfriend got drunk and tried to stick it in her arse , which made her cry . He doesn't remember so doesn't think he needs to apologise . Looooool . 
Call in three months time and I'll be fine , I know . Well maybe not that fine , but I'll survive anyhow ............ tune . 
is gonna be up all night watching the election shizz . Never thought I'd say it , but politics can be exciting ! 
not gunna lie , getting up to go to oakwood after 3 hours of sleep after getting steaming is probably the hardest thing I've ever done . 
<3 Marina and the Diamonds <3 
hasa drunk Fiona Davies at her desktop - wpooooooooooo !!!! 
is still feeling rough after Meddstock . Hilarious night though . 
has just calculated she went to 9 out of 80 lectures this semester . FML 
Internet in the house wooooooo score !! 
up bright and early for yet another productive day . Today's a day for an emo fringe . 
oh God , time for Strictly . Those girls phwoooooooar . 
should really stop laughing at the 14 year old pregnant girls on Underage and Pregnant . 
has never wanted to be on big brother before but does this time round for some reason . 
is excited to go to the cinema tonight - haven't been to a proper cinema in like a year . 
has found the best way to escape life : Regress to a childlike mentality and explore Aber by yourself at 7am after a night out . Ruin untouched snow and play on never before discovered playgrounds . Oh and btw , if you see any yellow snow on penglais hill , avoid it - it is what you think it is ...... it all got a bit too exciting . 
is moderately glum today , but HAPPY BIRFDAY Rose Taylor !!!! 
loves having a casual hour at the pub with her Louise Doe . 
loves the amount of vomit on her kitchen floor . 
has hit a wall , almost literally . 
French girl next to her on Skype in computer room : " Je suis un fag " . wtf is she chatting about ?!?! 
surprised herself and actually rather liked Avatar 
' s fringe loves raving to Pendulum . 
why do Wall-E and Eve keep saying " directive " ??? 
two more slides and I'm under the sheets :-) 
This time baby I'll be ..... bulletproof . 
genuininely can't ake it anymore - fell off my chair laugihng . 
loved her late night random visit from Thomas T-Dog Mutton and his boys :-D 
is currently attempting to write a diary of grad week . Some things are never to be forgotten . 
ELF 
isn't at the beach in the sun , isn't at radio one's big weekend enjoying jason derulo , but instead is locked up in her room revising :( 
can't believe it's the final of Come Dine With Me already . May the best cook win ! 
had the most epic time sunning it up in Ayia Napa . Miss it soooo bad , but sooo tired . 
Mary Byrne <3 
has red hair again yaaaaaaaaay 
' s monkey feet are perfect for picking up pistachio shells . 
absence makes the heart grow fonder - actually , I disagree . 
can't believe Charlotte ' cookie ' Lacey is single-handedly ruining Christmas :'( 
What an exciting first match . Bad luck SA . 2 hours ' til the next :-) 
and then there was one :'( large glass of wine please . 
I fight my way to front of class , to get the best view of her ass . 
could quite easily stay up all night drinking cider , but should really go to bed . 
honestly doesn't think she could bring herself to do the last task in Saw 5 . 
That's alright because I like the way it hurts . 
can't perfrvrom the simplest of taskes . how hard is it to be lexss drunk , serosuly 
is gunna have a nap before jetting off to napa . 
is slightly missing Rihanna's more smiley days . 
aaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrgggggghhhhhhhhhhh waeotihwoitnregbergbldkngdlndrghretherngasdvnasdljfbwebtavvergnht 
thoroughly enjoyed last night's sushi party nom nom nom 
off to ayia napa . Toodles ! 
is hungry and really wants to lose her McGangbang virginity . 
is very proud of herself for pushing the taper all the way through in the end . 
A ) did'tn realise the full extent of her crying panda eyes , and B ) wonders at what point in the night her nose started bleeding withough her noticing ..... only photos will tell . 
has been up for 5 hours and has only packed one bin liner full of stuff . What a productive day , time for a nap . 
time to pack away the laptop and leave aber . Toodles :( 
hasn't cried that hard watching a documentary in time . Don't watch True Stories : the Cove ! 
wishes she could spend her 21st birthday with some friends in Ayia Napa ..................... oh wait !!!!! 
has hair like Caoimhe today .............. or Hitler . 
thanks for the birthday messages :-) 
can't believe a ) she went to midnight mass durnk . b ) her mum let her yield/wield ( can't remember wich it is ) a sharpy knife to prepare brussel sprouts that should have toekn 2minutes but took an hour and half , and ..... c ) dropped her mobile in th lloo now it's buggerd . 
was dancing in a bar in Ayia Napa this time 2 weeks ago :( 
spent the last half hour trying to not crack a smile whilst watching Laddergoat . Oh you , laddergoat . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ggB33d0BLcY damn you Carl Reed . 
is off to watch some rock choir in the cathedral with her mum . odd . 
is full on pooing herself at this film . Haven't shat myself like this in quite some time . 
is leaving london town and heading homebound . 
is a teeny weeny bit hungover after going for " one drink " after work . 
is wondering : Can spiders jump ? 
is wondering how Phoebe Brewster and Thomas T-Dog Mutton are after last night's extreme binge . Suffering from the hangover of the semester . 
: 1 . Go to Google Maps - Get Directions . 2 . Write Japan as your start point . 3 . Write China as your destination . 4 . Go to the 43rd point on your route , and when you stop laughing , post this as your status , so that others can laugh too ! :D 
has a new appreciation for horses . They can shit whilst walking . I wonder if they can do it whilst running .... 
shiiiiiiiiiiiiiit haircut time . 
oh shit , it's results day right ....? 
is wondering who the chipper person whistling outside her window is . 
is laughing at how similar she is to some of the girls on Ladette to Lady . 
thinks there's a serious possibility she may chunder today . Such a good night though - NEVER drinking again . 
thinks she made an AWESOME zombie last night thanks to Alice-May Hawcroft ! 
is sooooo excited to return to aber next week . Probably more excited than I should be . Let's just hope it lives up to expectations . 
wonders how hard it could possibly be for the cat to be less naughty . 
FREE HORSE MANURE - wow , gotta get me some of that shit . 
is in laaaaaaaaaaandaaaaaaaaaan 
from here on out ...... 
is a tad concerned about the content of Charlotte ' cookie ' Lacey ' s dreams . 
dreamt she spent the night in a cell .......... for being drunk and disorderly ............ with Justin Bieber . 
is still laughing at the mental tamping housewife abusing my car and shouting at us that it was past curfew , coz we were playing music too loud . 
say " British gas " 6 times real fast . lol 
is so bored at home now , she's taken up baking . 
how is it possible for one individual to be so cute !! 
wishes the pigeon on the roof would quit throwing stuff into her room . 
would like to thank Lady Gaga , Marina and the Diamonds and Keane for making my journey home bearable . 
cooked a lovely spag bol for the rentals . 
could so easily be fraped right now ... 
oh dear , the love of my life is on tv again <3 
just found a bag containing her baby teeth . 
is wondering why babies need to sleep so much . 
Funny People isn't funny ! It's just sad ! 
thinks she might be in love with Jess from Ladette to Lady . 
killed dozens of aliens with a knife and fork in her dream . 
Mario in the final and Corin out . WTF . But she's so fit ! 
another successful meal cooked : Loaded cheesy potato skins followed by salmon en croute with watercress , lemon and tarragon butter , served with new potatoes and stir fried vegetables . Get in . 
is definitely not sat in her room casually working her way through her old CGP GCSE maths workbook . 
just had a flashback of being naked in the street . 
cannot WAIT to get back to uni now . 
is gonna go bang some drums :) 
would love to be shown some more hilarious videos like laddergoat and bed intruder ...... 
loves Ke$ha and isn't afraid to admit it . 
i miss u when you're silent across the table from me , putting together my bastard timetable . 
xxx 
hates that she has a soft spot for Olly Murs and his peculiar shaped bonce . 
highlight of my night : Liz Morgan in yokos loos spinning around spraying Impulse ' Goddess " We're all going to smell like goddesses !!! " Random girl , coughing and spluttering , holding her mouth : " Excuse me ! I have asthma ! Can you not do that !? " loooooool 
misses Kissy , Lorelei , Oily , Sqeaky , Harvey , Fluffy , Harry , Queenie and Rosie already . Oh and Rustler . 
is considering calling it a day with piercings :-o 
Your one vice , is you're too nice ........ I want you all tattooed , I want you bad ! 
' s cat has officially lost his marbles . 
oh amenities block , why so munting cold ?? 
She was geting fresh , just like her colour . 
oh Owl City , how I've been neglecting you as of late . Sorry ! <3 
doesn't like that the cheese she used in cooking Italian spring rolls this evening , was described as " semi-hard , blue-veined " . 
just found out that " single " in French is célibataire . Bleak . 
thoroughly enjoyed Come Dine With Me night 1 . Glad it's all done now though - such effort ! 
is actually gunna leave the house today . And have a glass of wine ...... or 6 . 
misses Geoff/Cheese :( 
is still laughing at Thomas T-Dog Mutton ! 
9 hours until the Come Dine With Me guests arrive . Shiiiiiiiit . 
didn't know a new X factor was starting . Thank God for Phoebe Brewster ! 
" Most the make of everything " - good life advice there Dave ' Mantis ' Nicholson 
is looking forward to turning her swag on tomorrow night with Phoebe Brewster and Thomas T-Dog Mutton !!! 
is now gonna try to watch laddergoat without laughing . 
is laughing quite ridiculously at Big Brother . 
can't believe Charlotte ' cookie ' Lacey is ruining Christmas AND date night . 
I'm a tumour , I'm a tumour , I'm a tumour .... 
ARRRRRRRRRRRRRGH If I didn't hate Jedward before , I sure do now . Such tools . 
<3 Anna Faris . 
actually really enjoyed The Green Mile . 
thoroughly enjoyed her stay with Charlotte ' scurvy ' Lacey . 
ooooooh OMG It's so bright and vivid oooooooooh what does it mean ?!?!?!?! 
R . I . P microdermal no . 2 :-( 
woke up this morning with 10p stuck to her face , 20p stuck to her boob and felt like a cheap hooker . 
And up until now I had sworn to myself that I'm content with loneliness , because none of it was ever worth the risk . 
is very VERY excited to watch the VMAs 
EVERYONE is pissing me off today :( 
' s new leather jacket has arrived . I am a complete dyke once again :-) 
puddy juice anyone ? 
longs to be hit by a custard pie . 
oh chantelle mmmmmmmmm 
and it's soooo sad , you're so good and I'm so bad . 
is really looking forward to her day of piercings tomorrow :D 
fuck it I'm getting £1000 out of savings . See you Friday birthday boy Thomas T-Dog Mutton !!! 
Robbie Williams and Gary Barlow . Gayest thing I've seen in a looooooong time . Robbie - most overrated man ever perhaps ?? 
" 12A ...... damn ........ no nips " charming Charlotte ' cookie ' Lacey 
can't believe she's talking to a stuffed pikachu teddy she found . 
Housekeeping called in a homicide detective . Just spent an hour explaining that we had vigorous hotel vacation sex five times , even though I was having a heavy flow day . It'll definitely be what you call a memorable honeymoon . LOOOOOL 
and so the lectures begin :/ 
Can't wait for the next This is England ' 86 episode . 
unbelievable . un-fucking-believable . 
hopes that tonight's Mexican themed Come Dine With Me is actually on , Dave ' Mantis ' Nicholson ! 
has been left weepy and broody after the pursuit of happyness . 
was wondering where those idiots who overtake u at 100 on the motorway have gone ......... turns out I have become one of those idiots . 
would love a bit less swelling in the facial region . 
can't believe she cried when she saw Katie Waissel had cut her hair :'( 
<3 Tulisa 
" The back of your neck smells like arse sex " - thanks Charlotte ' cookie ' Lacey . 
why is my life falling apart ?!?!?! 
literally has no idea what she's supposed to be doing for this assignment . 
has hit the Relentless . 
omjizzle . As if I'm awake at a reasonable breakfast time . Eggynoo ftw . 
has no more tears to cry . What a morning ! RIP naughty kitty . 
Madcon's new song <3 YES YES YES !! 
is being haunted by ginger cats :-( 
You gotta spend that coin if you wanna get that loin ! 
is excited for her first date with Charlotte ' cookie ' Lacey ! 
had an afternoon trip to Aberaeron's piercing place with Charlotte ' cookie ' Lacey and Josh Achilles Bliss eek ! 
had an AWESOME nye in Aber . Great start to the year :-D 
is looking forward to a weekend of messiness with Phoebe Brewster . 
is once again loving the aber times . Bring on freshers heroes tomorrow . 
corrrrrrrr I'd love to see Katie Waissel in Cheryl's dressing room :P 
is a tad fed up of this presentation now . 
didn't think she'd got hat drunk tonight . Got home , took pizza out of the fridge and put iun the cupboard to cook for 20 mins . Needless to say it was still pretty mnuch uncooked . 
loves that Geoff has finally nodded off to the sweet melodies of Pixie Lott . 
is genuinely actually a little bit scared after Amie Dawn Smith and Alice-May Hawcroft ' s visit . 
has a furry window in her face . 
is gunna watch Four Weddings and a Funeral but fears it might actually be rubbish . 
where's my cereal Charlotte ' cookie ' Lacey ??!?!?!! 
is so glad she's free from revision , but wasn't so chuffed one of the exam invigilators looked like Jigsaw :s 
is looking forward to an evening with Bobbie Paxton , Dave ' Mantis ' Nicholson and bottle of jager . 
feels like getting absolutely munted at Reload tonight . 
listening to a spot of Enya . 
is looking forward to date night with Charlotte ' cookie ' Lacey on Monday . 
loves that the plumber came round to " replace the strap-on " . 
spent her afternoon watching 3 hours of lesbian period drama . 
can't believe I smashed my stein last night- and all because my arse was too big and knocked it off the toilet seat ! FML ! 
has got a manic day ahead . 
SALAD ! 
the inside of my pitta appears to be glowing blue :S 
is it possible to die of a hangover ??!!? 
likes that her blanky smells like her girlfriend . 
WOOOOOO ESSAY FINISHED with 30 mins spare . Done for the semester , bring on snow fun . 
306/2000 
fml 
never realised how much Enya is sampled in popular modern songs . 
has spent the afternoon murdering snails :-( 
hmmmmmmm lectures or xmas shopping ..... 
Put your hands up if you're Sam Pepper ......... 
sorry for your wakeup kick in the head Geoff . And for throwing a cushion at you just now . 
Come on Pamela , don't let me down ! 
You a chihuahua , I'm a rottweiler . 
any1 no what cream i can use for crabs ....... jesus im itchy ! 
good afternoon penguins !!! 
" Tastes like sucking on an arsehole ! " : charming as ever , Charlotte ' cookie ' Lacey . 
feels like an absoolute hungover muppety ball of gash and has enver wanted to go to morrisons so bad but fear she may still be drink . 
and here comes the snow ....... 
worst morning ever . 
doesn't remember leaving Pier . 
my minge smells like mouldy yeast :( 
got a fat lip from a plastic toy gun . wtf . 
is admittedly frunk off her ass and prepareing brussle sprouts to be cooked heston blumenthal/waitrose style . MERRY Christmas y'all . 
is currently wishing she was a gypsy . 
loves when lectures aren't on when I wake up early and a branch nearly falls on my head . 
is sad coz she's lost her girlfriend . 
shower shower shower shower hsowe 
oh late night revision sessions . How you make me wish I had attended more lectures . 
work ....... or sims ...?? 
allow unexpected three hour practical . 
realised i havnt actually washed my minge in 4 days and it smells like shit ! haha shower time !!! 
is starting to get the pre-exam sick feeling . 
wonders how Carl Reed's back is ..... 
Next thing we're touching , you look at me it's like you hit me with lightning . 
just got disturbingly tempted to stretch cartilage . oh no . 
was not disappointed by Black Swan . 
' s head is all over the place :( 
oh Nicki Minaj , you sure know how to cheer me up :-) 
has a new fear ....... aquatic bees . Holy shit . 
funniest , most awkward moment ever . 
doesn't want to be drunk anymore . :( 
has never seen one person cry so much throughout a film , Charlotte ' cookie ' Lacey . 
bad dreams , ok exam results - today's gunna be alright after all . 
can't believe she got gay-bashed whilst driving . 
just got compared to a mattress by Charlotte ' cookie ' Lacey . Great . Compliment or insult ???!!! 
is looking for leprechaun porn ... 
haha funny thing ... i havnt washed in so long that when i open my legs it looks like someone pulling the bread apart with a cheese toastie . 
Pink Funhouse Live <3 
went to pick something up in the bathroom but forgot to bend her knees and fell head first into the toilet . fml . 
it's that time again - BEER KELLAR - 12/03/11 FML . 
not throwing up is exceptionally difficult today . 
1 bottle of wine , 30 minutes . The challenge is on . 
COME ON PEOPLE , VOTE Lewis Monk for Education Officer - HE'S THE MAN FOR THE JOB !!!! 
just got back from her four hour speed awareness course . lol . Bit of a joke . 
if you haven't already , do us a favour and vote Bethan Foweraker for President and Lewis Monk for Education Officer 
is bi-winning 
<3 Jennifer Saunders 
<3 Marina and the Diamonds 
what a fanny of a day . 
is watching The Passion of the Christ . Why hasn't he bled out already ?!?! 
didn't know it was possible for one person to be running so late . 
is hungrier than geoff when he's not being fed at his own hosue and ut've run out of cat food fo hthiem here 
Macavity , Macavity ... 
is pleased she shares a birthday with Rebecca Black , but is disappointed it's not on a Friday ........ 
oooh jolly good , Dad's recorded Human Centipede for me to watch . oh joy . 
has finally taken books out of the library . Only taken me 3 and a half years of being in uni . 
is now in a foul mood after finding a dead mealworm from her can of sweetcorn AFTER putting it in her meal 
gave the finger to some twat who took the parking space I was clearly going into , only to realise that said twat was one of my lecturers . 
put vanilla air freshener in her car . Now it just smells like yoghurt . 
is in an exceptionally good mood :-D 
bow chicka wow wow .... 
flipping birds and their flipping songs 
is gonna go home and singgggggggg :D 
likes and hates the Grand National simultaneously 
What's with this " reem " thing , and who's Joey Essex :S 
loves that someone on Judge Judy said " anus " . teehee . <3 Judge Judy 
416/ 20,000 fml 
as if More Than insurance has Morgan Freeman on their advert . 
just found a diary from grad week that she must have drunkenly written . Who knew , that while everyone was at the grad ball I necked a bottle of wine waiting for everyone to come to town , and passed out in the castle playground until 4am , so not actually seeing anyone ! 
is watching cockfights for her assignment :( 
is the glummest a person has ever been - dramatic much . 
just took a tumble :'( 
slashed her hand right at the cross section of the line of health and the line of fate - is that a good sign ???!! 
got invited to the Royal Ascot , by the Royal Ascot - nah , I'm alright thanks . 
simply cannot be bothered with assignments today :-( 
pitch and putt with Benjamin Thomas Clarke , don't mind if I do . 
is teasing the newly hatched blackbirds , having mastered her blackbird call . 
is on the verge of performing her own dental surgery . 
is just so damn competitive though . 
is lucky to have friends left :) 
is gonna marry a country singer <3 
has a crush on her dentist . 
Jessie J blonde . No . Just No . 
Duncan James , you beautiful hunk of a specimen 
just loves Britain's Got Talent - Grace and Ted YES !!! 
doesn't care what Charlotte ' cookie ' Lacey says , I'm wearing espadrilles this summer !! 
forgot about her love for Pixie Lott . 
forgot there was a sandwich in her hand , and changed gear . Fail . 
loan loan loan loan loan loan !!!!! 
doesn't have a fucking tv so doesn't give a royal shit about the wedding . 
' s insides aren't happy with the contrast of 3 weeks of not drinking ..... then 7s . 
loves when she uses a portaloo and the door swings open to reveal a queue of people wetting themselves at me sat on the loo . 
likes Charlotte ' cookie ' Lacey 
