I hungry 
I bored . 
why nobody on ? 
Sorry haven't been on in awhile . homework plus practicing for Battle Of The Bands . 
Bored 
Ok then what i guess Indiana is my nursery 
Ich bin gut . Nicht Sehr gut , But Ich bin Gut . 
ya a 10 lol 
o nice austin so since your thunder what god am i 
can't wait till battle of the bands saturday 
i wish i played bass too . 
i definitely gota get more photos 
BATTLE OF THE BANDS WAS AWESOME . 
IRON MAIDEN and DREAM THEATER play IN TEXAS june 11 gotta see that show ! 
SPRING BREAK :) 
Lying on the table in this unfamiliar place , Iam greeted by a stranger a man without a face . He said son do you remember , do you even know your name ? Then he shined a light in my face , and said here take these for the pain . 
can't wait to play battle of the bands this saturday 
lol the news got messed up with another channel or something and hahah it was playing PINK FLOYD . LOL 
I feel like writing more songs . 
hello hello hello is there anybody in there ? Is there anyone at home ? 
Wash your back so you won't stab mine 
Get in bed with your own kind 
Live your life so you don't see mine 
Drape your back so you won't shine 

Ooh then she holds my hand 
And I lie to get a smile 
Using what I want 
To get what you want 
Ooh Sweet Amber 
How sweet are you ? 
How sweet does it get ?...... 
loves cemetary gates 
would love to raise jimi hendrix , jim morrisin , dio , paul grey , and cliff burton , dimebag darrel , and cliff burton from the grave . 
liberalism is a mental disorder 
loves slipknot 
This xmas break is awesome , just wish it would have snowed on xmas . 
DEAD MEMORIES IN MY HEAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaRT ! DEAD MEMORIES IN MY HEAAAaaaaaaaaaaaRRRT ! DEAD MEMORIES IN MY HEAAAAART ! 
won't be on facebook over the weekend . going to Austin , Texas . 
wants to work at , SABIAN cymbal factory 
ok peeps what kinda bass should i get ? 
Christmas break why won't u be hear already . I hate school and would like another break an plus christmas is totallly soooo kickazzzzzzzzzzzzzz woooooo my fav hoiliday . eggnog , the ###### good cookies , and u get crap to mess around with on that day ! what more could a u want ! But dang christmas u need need sum new music :P 
iam back from vacation 
dang finally back on facebook ! i was grounded for some crappy grades 
burry all your secrets in my skin , come away with innocence , and leave me with my sin . The air around me still feels like a cage , love is justa camoflage for what resembles rage again ...... 
Would love to be on the list , of top 10 drummers in the world when he grows up . 
can't wait to see the IRON MAIDEN and DREAM THEATER concert ! 
YAAAAY ! THE DAY HAS COME ! GOING TO SEE IRON MAIDEN and DREAM THEATER , IN CONCERT ! 
wants to write alot more songs 
wants to pick up more on singing 
Got new drumheads on all my drums , and just tuned all of them to fit my likeness . YA ! fellin good with the new sounds . 
Cant wait till the dream theater and iron maiden concert friday 
whises he lived in the 1980s 
hates it when people waste thier talent , or great talent they could of achieved ! Oh nice guitar , u play it much ? PERSON : nope , i got bored of it . ME : Dang ur a good singer ! Ever think about joining a band or something ? PERSON : Nope , i don't feel like it ! GOD U TYPE OF PEOPLE PISS ME OFF ! 
Can't wait till xmas . 
WANTS TO LEARN BASS GUITAR ! 
NOOOOOO ! Mike Portonoy left Dream Theater ! :( 
Whats up peeps iam back ! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fGRQJ_ZKvvU 
Arrrrrrgh sto0ooop the rain it doesn't have to rain everyday ! 
Your father is rich , he's the judge , he's the man , 
he's the God that got your sentence reduced 
But in the back of his mind , he well knows what 
he'd find if he looked a little deeper in you - in you 
Drag the waters some more 
Like never before ..... 
can't wait for vacation to Indiana , an Pensilvania to see freinds an fam . :) 
hmmmm id like to create a band like KORN and be the Lead Singer 
won't be on facebook for two weeks . Will be in Pennsylvania and Indiana . 
Argggggghhhh why is it that when ur doing nothing wrong the world stabs ur back 
arrrrrrghhhhhh schoool starts tomorrrow . 
holy crap ! my attic door just opened and no ones at home cept me . 
has learned not to care . 
wants to expand his drumset , with sum junkyard items , metal , trashcan stuff , empty beerkegs , anything thatl sound cool , i want more percussion items that are not just drums or cymbals , i want something unique , something with nice effect . Idea : a regular drumsetup , with unnique stuff . any ideas for cool items/ sounds please comment thanks :) 
so sofar this school year is going ok but , its still school u kno , and it will always suck :) 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uWxAyzXEliQ 
Went to see Gwar with some freinds ( oscar , and kyle ) the concert was amazing along with all he bands before gwar tooo mobile death camp was awesome the guitarest is amazing 
working on drum soloing 
lol what is this world coming to when u change radio stations in your car and you hear a spanish station auto-tuned 
hmmmm i need a band name something weird/random/cool 
Musically Talented People/Freinds- i'am starting a metal band , anyone interested to join , please let me know . Right now i already have a vocalist ( ME ) and a Lead Guitarist ( Austin Mccord ) . I need a Bass player , Drummer , and might take another guitarist from Rhythm guitarist and maybe backround vocals too . PLease let me know if you want to join and tell what you want to do if you join . 
Musically Talented People/Freinds- i'am starting a metal band sounding like ( Korn and stone sour , mixed ) , anyone who wants to join , please let me know . Right now vocalist is ( ME ) and Lead Guitarist is ( Austin Mccord ) . I need a Bass player , a Drummer , and might take another person to be a Rhythm guitarist . PLease let me know if you want to join and tell what you want to do if you join . 
i wonder what 2011 has in store for us ? 
leaving saturday to fly into pittsburgh , wont be on facebook for awhile 
can't wait for Dream theaters ' , System of a downs ' , and Slipknots ' new albums for 2011 
can't wait till spring break 
if anbody knows when Korn , SOAD , and megadeth are coming to houston please tell me 
these adds on facebook piss me off 
that bacon burger was good 
