haaay ... cnu man ang nakakaalam ng mga website na pdeng magdownload ng manga ... please tell me .. arigato^ , ^ 
hindi talaga sakin itong profile na ito .. ke nath tlaga .. kaya nga mas malaki ung pic nya sa primaty ko .. ndi akin ito .... kanya .. 
Merry Christmas to all !!! Arigato gosaimasu !!! 
Looking forward to a Blessed new year !! 
what should i do now ? 
" You stand utterly defenseless .. All of you " ,... goodness si Aizen , Adik ! 
Kakashi , please dont die ... huhuhu :( 
" You were careless . There was a shadow on the ice . " - Kyoraku Daichou .. Whoa Astig ! 
Nice Timing NARUTO ! This is so frustrating ... :( 
" Tamashi no Kyoumei ! " ...... BAKA !! whahaha :D 
Sino pang may malasakit at pag-ibig sa bansa ? Sino pa ? EDDIE AKO ! 
Yamajii ! what are you doing ? :( 
what the heck ! pleaseread BLEACH ! Sugoi desu ! 
Tequila :) 
What's on your mind ? 
blueberry and strawberry :D 
" Carpe Diem " - Seize the day :D 
" If given a chance for you to be an animal , what kind of a flower would you be ? " - anu daw ? hahaha 
is on her way to Pagudpod :-) 
just got home from Kabigan Falls , Pagudpud :) Its juz a walking distance from d entrans(5km ) according to da guide . Its worth da walk because da water is so cold and da place is heavenly :) 
is on her way to Laoag to go to Vigan :) 
is on her way back to Laoag after visiting Baluarte and Heritage Village in Vigan , Paway Church and Fort Ilocandia Resort in Ilocos Norte . I'm beat but its worth it 
is on her way to Manila . Farewell Ilocos :) 
Salamat po sa lahat ng bumati . Just got home from Ilocos . pagod :) 
Maraming salamat po :) 
Just got home from Punta Fuego and had lots of FUN :D 
Dahil sa maingay dito .. Lalabas ako , para makapag-unwind . Weekends na nga hindi ka pa makapag-pahinga . Hayy ! KAKAASAR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
" COMMUNICATION builds bridges to our future while secrets and lies build walls that block our options " - gets mo friend ? By the way , Communication is the transfer of information from a speaker to a listener , it is a TWO WAY process . The process must be TWO WAY for effectivce communication to take place as the LISTENER of the message must then now reply to the feedback to continue the communication process . ( parang CITZ lng ) :P 
manga reading marathon .. whoohoo ! :D 
What the heck ?! Nagato and Naruto are blood related .. Both are from Uzumaki Clan !!! 
Resident Evil : Aftrlife a must see movie . Pinasigaw ako ng 3 beses . Astig . Pina-high tech na Plants vs Zombies :D 
Kamishini no Yari vs Tensan Zangetsu .. who'll win ?.. Ichimaru Gin .. just plain crazy :D 
PASSED ! Thank GOD ! To all who supported me .. MARAMING SALAMAT PO ! 
astig ! just one flick and he flew .. astig ka Isshin ! 
Isshin to the rescue ! The long lost Kaichou 
GIN !!! Kakui :D ang galing galing nya :D 
Ichigo Chickened out .. boring :( 
Rizal : Summer Destination : La Vista Pansol Resort Laguna Nagtanong na daw si Arnold .. 4,500 daw ang private pool .. keri ba sa inyo ang ganito ? saka kelan kau pde ? pls mag-comment ung interesado .. or magconfirm kau in this link para malaman natin kung ilan ? at posible na hatian .. please :D 
naruto w/ kyubi ? what kind of jutsu will it be ? will the kyubi submit to him ? hmmn .. 
Singleness .. akala ko joke lang yung term na ito ... meron pa .. CENOMAR ... i'm so naive . i don't know these things .. hahahaha 
Wala na ngang tulog .. nafacebook pa .. tsk tsk tsk 
MINATO !!! Kakui :D 
" Haha .. Finally trying to control my powers are you ? " - kyubi :) 
Merry Christmas ! :D 
" Have faith in this child ! Afer all he is our child ! " - Minato 
" Thia is A Seal , it seals the reiatsu coming from your palm .. and so you .. will be blasted by your own Reiatsu . " - kisuke ^_^ 
just waiting for strawberry shortcake we order . :) 
Whoa !!! Getsuga Tenshou coming fro Isshin !!! Didn't expect that :) 
Stay right here . sweet ni Ichigo ! At magaling na xa . the much awaited showdown :D 
KUSHINA : The previous Junchuuriki host ... where it all began 
whaaaa !!! NARUTO Movie4 : The Lost Tower .. Naruto and Minato .. kakui :) 
Whoa ! Naruto meets his Mom ! Sweet :) 
Guys if you have books related into any of these topics pls let me know . I really need it . Cheers ! 
Export Management ; Internet/Online Banking ; International Business ; E-Business/ E-Management 
Whatever ! Hindi Tayo Wag Ka Magtext ! PLEEASSSSe ! 
I knew it . Lalabas din si Keisuke . Galing . Wlang kahirap-hirap . 
whaaa !!! Tensa Zangetsu is so cute :D 
" Kill , Kamishini no Yari " - Gin . I cant believe it . Gin was the only one who could do it . Tsk tsk tsk 
Krocy- ing ! hahaha . Thanks jen :D 
Poor Gin and Rangiku .. do you he's dead ? tsk tsk . ang bagal kasi ni Ichigo 
Break na tau , kht ndi mo alam . Kc bigla na lng naging tau ng ndi k alam :p 
Kaña-kañang trip lng . Peace 
Dou itashimashite 
Naruto 504 is now available .. very touching 
Manga readers ! read this series : CLEAR UP AFTER RAIN very funny :D 
" What I wanted to protect was you , Ichigo . " - Tensa Zangetsu ... nagdrama si kuya :D 
Naruto 514 : Madara already have Nagato's Rinnegan .. ready to use :( 
Bleach 418 : Aizen was very talkative . Whatcha think ? :) 
ikaw na ang mag-long hair para sa getsuga tenshou .. whahaha 
" You disappeared and didn't even leave me a single memento . I've always hate that about you . But .. If you had left something behind , then I probably never would have been able to move from that spot . You must have seen thru that part of me . Thank you Gin . I've always liked that about you . " -Matsumoto 
I miss Bleach :( 
ba be bu be .. boink ! :D 
" Our purpose is to restore your shinigami powers ! " - Ginjuo Kuugo ( Bleach 431 ) 
Happy New Year :D 
kawaii :D 
Hachiko - Akita inu ( Japanese dog ) 
I just googled it and Cam Gigandet was in Twilight and he was James . he was so > o < in Burlesque .. if u love Moulin Rouge , you'll love Burlesque :D 
Ang bait na nga ni Zabuza .. panira si Kabuto ! Very effective villain .. naiinis ako ! 
I just got home and unpacked my things from Baguio . Super lamig dun . Tapos na ang galaan . Work ulet :D 
Kimi no Todoke . Recommended ! So sweet 
