HELLO FRIENDS !!!!!! 
Copy and paste to your status if you know someone who deserves a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many , there is no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face except a punch in the face . But together we can raise awareness . . . Lol 
I've been promised a lie in 2moro 4 mothers day so I plan on staying in bed til midday mmmmmmmmm 
I love weekdays when kids r at school , my house is sooooooo calm !!!!! 
I need some help how do i get a car in mafia wars ???? 
At last , Spring is in the air ! 
Is everybody having a good weekend ? 
(¯`* • . ¸ , ¤°´`°¤ , ¸ . • *´¯) IT'S " DAUGHTER WEEK " : If you have a daughter who makes your life interesting and fun , who has been a blessing in your life and makes life worth living just by being around - copy and paste this to your status . ?. Your daughters will outgrow your lap , but never your heart ...? 
can anyone spare any reptiles in zoooworld pleazzzzzzzze ? 
could anybody send me some kibble please , my pup is hungry !!! xxx 
could my farmville neighbours please add my sister jodie harvey as a neighbour thank-you x 
can anyone please spare a scottish highland sheep for zooworld thanx 
I like it in my hallway !! 
ould somebody pleeeeaseee send me some kibble my pup is goin 2 leave me soon xxxx 
i hate beer but love liquor 
HELLO FB FRIENDS . HOW R U ALL ????? 
Im drunk on Beer !!!???!!! 
liquor 
MY HUBBY HAS FOUND A NEW LOVE { FB } I CANT WAIT TO C HOW HE GETS IT TO WASH , CLEAN AND COOK FOR HIM . PMSL 
At last ! im in house heaven , 4 bedroom semi with own garage , feel quite posh Lol 
a big juicy pineapple 
the 1st day of spring and what a beautiful day it is , my twins r playing out in their new garden 4 the 1st time . 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 2 MY GORGEOUS CONOR WHO IS 6 2DAY XXXXXX 
Zippeedee doo da , zippeedee day ....... 
enjoy the sunshine everybody , it will b gone 2moro ! 
god saturday night tv is sooo boring ! 
summer is finally on its way , 6.30 pm and still daylight . 
i got a feeling ..... 
the sun has gone 2 sleep now so must i , gdnite ! x 
made a BIG mistake and let my 6 yr old buy green slime .... i have just finished scrubbing my living room ceiling ! 
i love cleaning my house ! 
am off 2 conor's b'day party , a wk after the actual day but he can b like royalty and have 2 ! 
who's the joker sending me txt's ? 
from now on the only men in my life r my gorgeous sons , cant beat unconditional love ! x 
how do i upload pix from my mob anybody ? 
have had an absolutely wicked mothers day been spoilt rotten , chocolates , teddy ,, flowers and dinner out , thank u mich x 
am exhausted after playin the mj experience on the wii with my 7 yr old son who i thrashed ' x 
Oh wat a beautiful mornin , Oh wat a beautiful day , iv got a wonderful feelin everyfings goin my way 
i must b goin soft in my old age .... cried watchin jeremy kyle ?!?! 
LOOKING AT MY GORGEOUS SONS AND FEEL SAD THAT THEY WILL HAVE 2 GROW IN2 MEN !!! 
i am absolutely finally 100% single , ty u know who x 
seriously hungover ! 
cant believe its april and iv got a suntan ! 
i think a nice ruby is on the menu 4 2nite ! 
ruby was pukka ! 
am missin my soaps , bloody xbox ! 
asked my kids what they want 2 do 2day and they want 2 go 2 the pub ? pmsl 
loving the weather , it makes life seem soooo much better ! 
have had a gr8 day at the park , macdonalds and some retail therapy . 
michelle andrews dont like long ones or big heads in her mouth ! lmfao 
another gorgeous day , hip hip hooray ! 
am off 2 a bowling party with kids then coming home and having a bbq in the garden ! 
my 7 yr old son has just told me im the best mum in the world and he doesnt even want anyfing ! 
oh its clouded over just when i was catching some rays ! 
IM H.A.P.P.Y , IM H.A.P.P.Y , I KNOW I AM IM SURE I AM , IM H.A.P.P.Y ! 
roll on next monday so much need a break with ms chalmers ! 
will b thinking pink in my sleep now !!!! 
An old man once said ... There comes a time in life , when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it . You surround yourself with people who make you laugh , forget the bad , and focus on the good . So love the people who treat you right , pray for the ones who don't . Life is too short to be anything but happy . Falling down is a part of life , getting back up is living . ~ Re-post if you agree 
y cant my children respect my need 2 sunbathe ?!! 
So sad ! Please put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who suffers from stupidity . We all need to understand that stupidity is real and should be taken seriously . You could be sitting next to a sufferer right now . There is still no known cure for stupidity & sympathy does not help . But we can raise awareness . 87.365% won't repost this because they don't know how to copy & paste 
It's gonna be a lovely day ...... 
Sun , Sun , Sun , Sun , Sun and hopefully a bit more Sun ! 
I am being chased round my garden ........ by a wasp ! 
Ever So Slightly Intoxicated !! 
Good Night Eveerybody xxxxx 
Counting down the days until Monday , mainly so I can watch my loveliest friend go grey with each passsing day she spends with my little darlings and myself ,. Will be buying her some hair dye in preperation !!! PMSL 
Think Its Time 2 Sleep , Goodnite FB's xx 
FUN IN THE SUN , MILCH , KIDS , ME , POOL , GARDEN AND SUNSHINE ! DONT GET MUCH BETTER THAN THIS . 
tracie harvey wants to be your friend on Windows Live 
have brought the laptop 2 where im ironing , i might actually get a sleeve or collar done !! x 
whoop whoop , we r off on a little holiday . 
doing the cha cha slide lool 
Milch has given me a hangover , such a bad influence ! 
morning world ! 
we r off 2 the pier , kids think they r going 2 smash me up on the bumper cars ! 
sitting relaxing on beach with my toes in the sand , lovely ! 
the kids have had fun at the fair and beach , now its mich and my turn ! 
2 sleeping kids 2 carry home , greeeaaaaatttt ! 
MORNING CAMPERS ! 
im sooo unfit , have just rode round the site on a 4 seat pedal kart and im jelly legged ! 
oh no home 2moro ! 
why oh why am i so cold ? 
dont know how bad my kids will suffer withdrawal wen we get home ...... 
from amusement arcades ! 
on our way home , sadly ! 
thank god im home just in time 2 miss the royal wedding ! 
wish i wasnt here ! 
insomnia !!!! 
am i the only person crazy enuf 2 still b awake ? 
its a beautiful day everybody ....... 
off 2 the garden 2 fill paddling pool up and then hopefully i can relax in the sun ..... 
BARGAIN OFFER 2DAY ONLY ! 4 MALE CHILDREN COMPLETE WITH CLOTHES AND TOYS ... BIDS FROM 1p . CAN DELIVER ! 
How bored am i ??? im working m way thru all FB quizzes , sad so very very sad .... 
has anybody been recieving inboxes from me that rnt 4 them ? 
could somebody please inbox me as my messages r going somewhere else and need 2 c if its happening from all ppls 
is liking the Tesco delivery man ! lol 
Im Imperfectly Perfectly Me !!! 
Is In The Mood 2 Mis-B-Have !!!! ; D 
Needs 2 get off FB and get a real life ....... 
Shall I or Shall I not ? BIG Decision !!! 
Thanks Maria 4 helping me on my BIG decision XXX 
I had just decided that FB was bored.com and time 2 go find something better 2 do and Hey Presto it livens up ( a bit ) that may b my addiction fighting common sense tho !!!! lol 
Im .................... 
Whatever ... that's all I have to say ... 
1+1+1 =3 & some 
at the park and my 3 yr old daughter a duck , im supposed 2 go catch one 4 her NOW ! 
fedup@bored.com 
Has just realised there is more than one thing a man is good for ............ 
They come in useful for cleaning the windows , clearing the garden and not just taking out the rubbish . 
Who stole my chat , give it back I am not LoL'n ??!!?? 
Thank you 4 returning my voice 2 me x 
My son's hamster has got loose and found it's way in2 the bottom of the sofa , how do i get the bloody thing out ? 
Im bored , who will swop embarressing moments with me , What was yours and how did deal with it ? I will give one of mine 2 start us off ............ 
YeH , Im up 2 London 4 the weekend , roll on 2moro ! 
I SHALL APOLOGISE TO ALL OF U WHO WILL WAKE UP 2 FIND MY TREK BACK IN TIME ALL OVER UR WALL , SORRRRRRRY xxxxxx 
Is a very happy & lucky woman !!!!!!!!!!!! 
 ? ÑIF ANYONE GETS A FRIEND REQUEST FROM INDER JEET , DO NOT CONFIRM ITS A WEIRDO WHO HAS SICK PIX OF WOMEN CUT ALL OVER IN ALBUMS . COUPLE OF DAYS AGO HE/SHE 
 ? ÑUSED A PIC OF MY 3YR DAUGHTER AS PROFILE PIC , THANX 2 ALL X 
INDER JEET ALSO NAMED XARA DIEGO FLEET IS A FREAKIN WEIRDO ! 
is it poke tracie day ? been poked about 30 times 2day already ! lol 
I am very shy and very quiet ! don't laugh , no , really , i am ! 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? 
? If you have beautiful daughter put this as your status . ? 
??????????????? ????? = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = 
Good Morning !! 1 
