" When she was in middle school she started wearing lipstick . When she was in high school she started coming home with that lipstick smudged . " 
" No better than ... say ... a harlot on a street corner , daubed up in crimson and hiking up their skirts for a coin or two ? Willing to give in to any john's ... fetish ? Shame . " 
god damn dog ... my glasses aren't that appetizing are they ?! 
just got back from Electric Daisy Carnival and is sleeping !! ~ 
So I'm just at the coffee shop , drinking an expresso shake and this old guy with grey hair comes in and looks though all their available soft drinks . He turns around , smiles at me and says ... " Do you ever get tired of men saying how beautiful you are ? " " H 
" Your such a hippie , one look at your hair , two your a total freak , and three you act like your on drugs without even being on drugs !! " ~ My dad . 
Does anyone know where the fire is ? I walked outside and was choked by a ton of smoke ... 
" Guns don't kill people , people with mustaches do !! ~ " 
hehe ... " Are you kidding me ?! I feel like I've just become the poster child for Megan's law victims !! " 
Got into Champs !! ~ 
" Fuck it !! I'm ... I'm gay !! ~"- Almost Famous .... I just watched that part and forgot how much I loved it . 
" Basically he's a nice suburban kid who got hold of a guitar and some heroin and went a little bit wrong . " 
is listening to " Schools Out For Summer " on loop !! ~ 
jesus ... what the hell is farmville anyway ? 
good old biology homework , only four days into the class and I already have to write the word sperm . 
" I'm going to be 5'0 tall when I'm older ... thats freaking one inch away from being a classified midget !! ~ " 
Just saw a Scientology commercial on T . V .... really people , really ? And on cartoon network to ! ... even for you Tom Cruise thats low ... 
finally found her key necklace !! ~ 
Who ever invented the Furby claiming it was " cute " , needs to be slapped and punched in the- ... I ah mean given a good talking to ! 
My tongue and tonsils are comletely blue ... 
Oh really people ? School will not be some " awesome " when in a week you are suffering from back problems and insomnia ! ... well that sounded awfully bitter ... 
Okay people , we get it ... Sonic boom , no shit . It okay to say it in the first 5 minutes but when people keep on posting and posting their status as " OMG Sonic Boom !!!!!! " its gets annyoing ... 
Maybe tonight will be the night that I actually get some sleep ... G'night . 
I don't really like guns , I'm more of a sword type of girl . 
" If you suspect you have a raccoon in your attic , burn the house to the ground . You know , get the kids out , then burn it until nothing is left but cinders and traces of evil . Sprinkle salt around the foundation , and consider Scientology . " 
after a long night of Beatles rockband ( which was actually pretty freaking awesome ) going to a pool party ... 
the trailer for Alice in Wonderland is awesome !! ~ 
The drive's home to the rent's house are always really long ... 
From now on I'm always choosing the radio station or else I think I might just go crazy . I never want to have to hear Shirley Temple singing and " The Lion Sleeps Tonight " song on the radio ever again ... 
" Ow , I just ran into a bookshelf ! " -Me " Yay ! My old Hannah is back ! " -Nicole ... all I need to do is fall down a flight of stairs and the old total clutz Hannah is back ! 
Twilight isn't ? even a love story ... its the tale of some anti-social clingy girl who obsesses over her abusive sparkly boyfriend . The end . 
Since everyone seems to be dying this weekend ... I'm keeping my fingers crossed that Sarah Palin and George Bush go to !! ~ 
Damn you Roger Schiffman !! ~ ( the inventor of the Furby ) 
Theres nothing like getting ready to go out with the background music of Mozart's different symphonies . 
My changed schedule is P2-P5 Keyboard/Music Theory 1A Becker , P6 Lunch , P7 World History Thomas , P8 English Bresden , P9 Algebra Yousefian , P10 Biology Mueller 
I've taken to singing " Mr. Sandman " before bed , just so that I can hopefully and finally sleep . 
Just for the record , raccoons are awesome ... 
Everyones talking about how they're starting school and they hate it and they feel so nervous ... but you know what , already dealt with that a week ago . Suck it up !! ~ 
oh joy school tomorrow . I hate waking up early ... G'night 
now has a stomach ache from eating a whole package of pixie sticks ... 
" They should have Flavor Flav as Hamlet " -My dad 
I draw the line at " How do you smell to Edward Cullen ? " 
Anyone mind explaining the english homework to me ? I'm tired , blonde , and really don't feel like figuring it out . 
I'm at my sister's house , wish me luck on keeping my sanity . 
is eating one of those huge pixies sticks things !! ~ 
I don't understand how some people can hate sushi ... 
is an anachronism . 
I've read a whole book tonight with all the time I have on my hands as a total insomniac . 
" and you can tell from the state of my room that they let me out too soon . " 
Well sleep would be nice . 
maris ~ YOU NEGLECTED TO TELL ME I WAS LEANING ON CCAT PISS ???? hannah ~ i forgot ..... 
is ... so ... tired ... 
Ahhhh , Twilight is my favorite comedy . 
Ooohhh , you can't take me anywhere . " Aww its so cute , I just want to take it home and nurse it to health ! " ... I was talking to a dead squid at an asian market . 
Watching the sunrise is always fun . 
Theres a city in Alabama named " St. Elmo " . Whos up for a roadtrip ?! 
Religious bumper stickers annoy me ... 
Yeeeeessss Reese's ... the deprived crackhead has found her crack ! 
" If love is blind , why is lingerie so popular ? " 
" please excuse her for the day , its just the way the medication makes her ... " 
feels like shes on the verge of something , only she doesn't know what that something is ... 
" Your such a hippie , 1 . look at your hair , 2 . your a total freak , and 3 . you act like your on drugs without even being on drugs . " ~ My dad . 
Going to a drive in , seeing " Where the Wild Things Are " again . 
Wow wow wee wah , what a mental day ... 
" People talking without speaking , people hearing without listening . " 
gaaah , I'm such a child . 
I am very interested and fascinated by how everyone loves each other , but no one really likes each other . 
" Mom , if Sarah Palin ever becomes president ... can we move to England ? " 
" I wonder what people during the stoneage did on Sundays ... " 
" Is it harder to say these hurtful things , or is it better to say them with the possibility that it could change a life ? " 
11:11 11/11/09 ( the 09 Kinda messes it up ... ) 
Hmmm , I'm not some stupid American who takes pills every time they have a emotion . 
I find a song . I like it . I play it consistently for 2 Weeks . I hate it . Why do i do this to myself . 
is watching A Hard Days Night . Yeessss ... 
... tired 
My parents got me a big jar of hot fudge chocolate ... they did good . 
just watched the worst movie I think I've ever seen called " The Big Cube " . 
I'm not staying up all night , I'm just waking up really early . ;) 
Gaaah , I'm such a child ... 
I'm so bored ... someone be awesome and talk to me ... LadyInsanitee 
My Grandma just watched " Dick in a Box " on the Gilly SNL Christmas special ... wow 
" Oh my god , I just saw my algebra teacher ! " -Me " Did you flip him the bird ? " - My dad " Aww damnit I didn't get the chance , he drove away ... " -Me 
Be insane . Well behaved girls never made history . 
Thunderstorm ! Yeesss ... 
I haven't had tea for a while ... I'm having some serious cravings . 
Dendrophilia literally means " love of trees " . These people are sexually attracted to or sexually aroused by trees . 
Got bored and found my old hair dye from 7th grade ... needless to say some of my hair is now pink . I don't know I kind of like it . 
You go roll on the floor Molly , you go roll on that floor !! ~ 
so sick . 
It my birthday tomorrow and its going to rain . Yeeesss , favorite weather ... 
Like the drunk who's convinced they're sober , you keep on falling over . 
Watching Fight Club on AMC . Yeeesssss .... 
" My name is Pablo . " 
Why . can't . I . sleep . Goddamnit ... 
There doing an American version of ' Death at a Funeral " . Why do we have to ruin everything ?! 
There was a bug in my sink , so naturally I killed it by cutting it in half with a Q-tip . Its still fucking moving .... 
" Winter is like porn for trees . " 
During my nervous breakdown I want a biographer present . 
Had an awesome birthday . Thanks everyone ... G'night~ 
Sat outside in the rain and got soaking wet . Its been awhile since I've done something just because I could . 
My mother claims that Jimi Hendrix has caused one of our cats to have an epiphany ..... 
RIP Elizabeth Taylor , you will be missed . 
" I've been through it all , baby , I'm mother courage . " 
I hate being sick . 
The Fire Dept . is at my house .... broken power lines and fireworks in my back yard , lovely . 
San Francisco > Los Angeles . Can I move here ? Seriously .... 
On my way to the Sunset Strip Music Festival , going to be so awesome 
SUNSET STRIP MUSIC FESTIVAL WAS FUCKING AWESOME ! Mkay .... I'm done . 
Feet ... hurt ... so ... much 
So I'm taking a nap because I'm sick and really tired ... only to be woken up by my mother blaring " The Lion Sleeps Tonight " in the other room , singing and dancing along to it . What is my life . 
First there's earthquakes in the east and now there's thunderstorms in the west during the summer . Whaaaat the hell ? 
I'm currently scaring and torturing Tina Yang's fish with a stuffed shark plushie . " Hannah there is something wrong with you . " -Tina 
" A story about a time , a story about a place . A story about the people . But above all things , a story about love . A love that will live forever . The End " 
" I always tell the girls never take it seriously , if you never take it seriously you never get hurt , never get hurt you always have fun and if you ever get lonely you just go to the record store , and visit your friends . " 
I've done a lot , God knows I've tried . To find the truth , I've even lied . But all I know is down inside I'm bleeding . 
" The only thing about plum makeup is when you where it ... kind of makes you look ... uh ... fucked up . " -my mother . Thanks Maa . 
Saw Mr. Mueller at The Green Expo . Woooow .... 
Just got a long letter from my Grandfather who I haven't talked to in two years . Needless to say , I cried . 
Sooo ... I went hiking and met Jack Osbourne . Then I saw Tony Danza at his Malibu beach house playing the trumpet . Fun fun ... 
My parents raised me and educated me with movies . I don't have a top 10 . I'm a movie freak . I have spent the last hour compiling a list of my favorites movies . 
Ya know those little chocolate covered cookie dough candies ? Well .... I'm in heaven . 
Was there just an earthquake or am I on something ? 
" Love is a thing on sale for more money than there even exists . " 
Sleeeeppp ..... how I've missed you . 
" There's no light without a flame , there's no use in having you to blame . There's no smoke without fire , baby , baby your a liar . " 
Said ' orgasm ' instead of ' organism ' in biology . Wooow I'm tired . 
I think my mom feels bad that I'm sick ... so shes making and actually letting me eat fries . 
" Inside my heart is breaking , my makeup may be flaking . But my smile still stays on . " 
" Remember you're going to go crazy and get fat anyways , dying won't be a big deal after that . " 
" I have loved to the point of madness , that which is called madness , that which to me , is the onlly sensible way to love . " 
Damnit ... I'm sick . 
I hate garage sales ... my parents are literally selling away the last of what little childhood I had . 
Life isn't passing me by ; it’s trying to run me over . 
Eating scrambled eggs , toast , and orange juice at 10 at night . 
" I have never been this obsessed with something since I discovered breathing . " - Maris Sarah McFadden 
Beach .. yus . I'm going to have a good day . 
i love Tina Yang !! 
" Gentlemen , you can't fight in here ! This is the War Room ! " - Dr. Strangelove . Sometimes I forget how good some movies are .... 
Going to go see Rent at the Hollywood Bowl . Seeing Vanessa Hudgens playing a drug addicted stripper who has HIV will be interesting .... 
2 Days straight at the beach ... I . Hurt . Everywhere . 
" I hate the truth . In fact , I hate the truth so much that I'd prefer a gaint dose of bullshit anyday as oppose to the truth . " 
New schedule : 
1-4 : Music Academy yadda yadda yadda 
5 : Psychology 1A 
6 : Lunch 
7 : French 1A 
8 : Honors English 10A 

Damn , my lunch got changed . Grrrrr 
Just got back from seeing Rent . Vanessa Hudgens was horrible as Mimi ... a nun could play a better stripper . 
I hate Mondays ..... 
They're making The Perks of Being a Wallflower into a movie ... what is this madness ?! 
" I let my music take me where my heart wants to go . " 
" Don't dream it - be it . " 
Just sat outside for hours in the rain with my pimp jacket on and with some hot cocoa . I love the fall so much .... 
There is a cockroach living under my bed . Not getting any sleep tonight . 
Thanks everyone for the happy birthday wishes . It really made my day . 
I like it on the floor . 
In Julia Avalon's bed . 
" Anger is a wind which blows out the lamp of the mind . " 
Tis Maris Sarah McFadden hacking my account . 
" That snatcher can snatch my snatch anytime ! Mmmm " - Jennie Huston . Deathly Hallows was awesome . 
Getting my braces off in August ! Ahhh so excited . 
" Life's but a walking shadow , a poor player That struts and frets his hour upon the stage , And then is heard no more . It is a tale Told by an idiot , full of sound and fury , Signifying nothing . " And with that last quote , I am finally done with my essay and the play Macbeth will no longer control my life and sleeping patterns . 
I shouldn't let Maris Sarah McFadden go on my facebook . 
I am hannah . My sister is awesome !!! that is all . 
Lady GaGa is in an egg ....... 
Blood + hairspray + period jokes + curses + murdering pregnant women + glittertits + other craziness = My past week of working on Macbeth . Now I get to fight this fever and sleeeeeeep . 
Goodbye 2010 and hello 2011 . Hopefully you'll be better . 
Turned around really fast and accidentally slammed my hand into a bookshelf while doing so . Now my hand is all bruised and it hurts to move it . Today has just not been my day . Fml 
" Ow .... Did you just elbow me in the ear ? " " Hey , Van Gogh only had one ear and look how famous he was . " -Jennie Huston 
" What ? When did he ever insult you ? " " Every single sentence he ever said to me was an insult ... " " Oh .... " 
