Trying to mind-fuck me is a terribly bad idea . For if my mind was a vagina ? I'd no doubt have several venereal diseases . You just might catch something . 
It is no lie . I do not concern myself with catastrophe , inhumanity , corruption , mayhem , or violence towards others . My concern is the financial and legal ramifications of my own actions ... you have to be CRAZY to mess with the IRS . 
A good truth teller realizes there is a loophole around lying . Perspective , after all , can mold both fact and truth like warm clay . 
child : Daddy ? 
Me : Yes , son ? 
child : Wh-what does regret mean ? 
Me : You see son , the funny thing about regret is that it's better to regret something you HAVE done than to regret something you HAVEN'T done ... by the way , when you see your mother this weekend ? Be sure to tell her : SATAN SATAN SATAN SATAN SATAN !! 
What does paperwork and gasoline have in common ? Besides being -extremely- flammable , they both burn up your time and money . 
If you truly ever wish to kill someone ? Let them die and be forgotten . 
Last year's advice I received that shone through the rest ? 
" Shut up , Jay . Just shut up . " ~ Jovanny 
... If you're frightened of dying and you're still holding on ? You'll see devils tearing your life away . If you've made your peace ? Those devils can be seen as angels . Freeing you from the earth . 
The irony runs deeper than an open wound ... Those who profess to love the freedoms of self-expression seem to hate those who exercise those very same freedom for themselves . 

It's reverse McCarthyism . Where one is labeled a troll for speaking against popular opinion as opposed to being labeled a " Communist " . 
I love my beautiful Victorian hair . 
... LolCat needs to be hit by a RoflBus . 
People generally value your words less than you do . 
Add value to what you say . Talk less and make your point simple . 
Before I sleep , I close my eyes and feel everything ... and what's everything ? It's nothing . Only a word . 
... Why weren't any professional wrestlers at the Oscars ? And what kind of name is " Oscar " anyway ? 
Though I am often seen as bright , I prefer to be dim . After all , I don't want too much light escaping from the dark of a person's blindspot . 
Thanks everyone for your birthday wishes . It really puts the smile on my face that no knife could . :-) 
An unstable object appears the most stable when doing nothing . 
Respect and forgiveness is not something to be handed out freely like Halloween candy . Respect and forgiveness must be earned or not given at all . 
" Life as a soldier at least provides meals and shelter , and , despite the occasional risk of death in combat , it is a far safer choice than living homeless in the streets . " 
As much respect as I have invested in the military and my friends who serve , there's still the many who enlist as a last resort . They aren't heroes . They aren't soldiers . 
Normally , I don't like to post twice in one day . However , in all this free-time I've had to read ? It seems to me that there's always some bitch getting pregnant who can't decide which out of two men to be with . Oh , no ... this isn't at all degrading . As a matter of fact , Feminazi's find it EMPOWERING ! *eyeroll * 
How disgusting ... 
* strokes his chin thoughtfully * I can't help but to get the suspicious feelings that my former co-workers are avoiding me , But I don't know why . Hrmmmm .... 
Stop crying racism when someone says " nigger " or " jew " . Words only have as much power as you allow and your lack of self-esteem isn't our problem . If you want " social equality " so fucking bad , revert to communism . 
Teetering between madness and sanity is a balancing act . 
A great balancing act indeed . 
When diplomacy fails CRUELTY is a virtue . 
I laugh at my luck much in the same way I laugh in Death's face ! Making eye contact with Death often results in us both laughing at each other . 
" Though feeding a monster may benefit you at first , feeding him until he's strong enough to hunt for his own prey may make you his first meal . It's nature . Nothing personal " ~ Moral of last night's trip to Hell . 
" If you can't prove the crime then I won't do the time . " ~ Josh 
When someone tries to bring you down ? Use them to break your fall . 
I didn't step in because I felt it was " the right thing to do " . I did it because letting it go on would further irritate me . 
I had my share of " candy " , a cigar , and dreampt that I raped two beautiful women . My birthday was a swell day . 
Dum dada dig-diddly dag-do bom shibbidy bop bop da diggidy da dum . Oh ... diggidy dum . 
If you learn to enjoy your own company , you'll have a friend for life . 
Please know that I'm one of the worst people to tell you what you want to hear . If that's what you're looking for then might I suggest calling a psychic instead ? 
Warning : Does not play well with others . 
The times I can't complain are the times I do the most . On a diet of rum coffee and codeine buttered toast . 
Pain is an experience . Much like the more pleasant things . It's not just kids who don't get it , it seems to me that neither do other people . 
* bows * Greetings . I'm an insignificant stranger . I've been told that I'm an asshole , that I suck . Don't expect me to have any qualms about that either ! 
There's a reason prostitution has earned the title as being one of the oldest and most successful of businesses . It's honest , there's little conversation involved , and when the woman is done ? She doesn't take half of your property . 
As of late , it appears my mind has been as slippery as a wet bar of soap . I suppose it wouldn't help if I spit on my hands . 
I've learned that as you lose people in your life , you realize you're the only friend you have . The only person who you can really trust . 
Stop bullying now ! Post how much you hate bullying and stereotyping with unrelated sob stories ! Don't forget to reinforce guilt and manipulate the goodwill of others ! Tell them they encourage hate by not spreading your message of peace ! 
* sigh * ... Why is it whenever a child or teenager dies , they ALWAYS had such bright futures ahead of them ? Mental masturbation over the dead should be considered an emotional form of necrophilia . 
:-( 
Remember , children : Before calling someone a " cocksucker " or " whore " , make sure you're telling the truth ! Though slander is illegal , using the truth to kill someone's image is not ! 
The status quo can properly go fuck itself . * thumbs up * 
A loss of life is not so tragic once realized another will take their place . 
Grin and bear it . When that fails ? Grin and CRUSH THEM . 
I don't believe in charity . I don't believe in sin . And if you don't believe in me , I'll sing this tune over again . I don't believe in miracles . And I don't believe I'll try . But I do believe in CAPTAIN CRUNCH , For I am the Frizzle Fry ! 
It has occurred to me that people take communication for granted . That people abuse their ability to talk by spending so much time saying nothing . 
* grins * If all things are true ? Then my ancestor no doubt purchased a house in hell with an ocean view . 
Life is too short . Who has time for tears ? 
I got into a car accident today ... and if things couldn't POSSIBLY get any better ? I was blamed for it ! Yaaaaaaaaaaay !... But at least I'm home . 
I feel different .... somehow ... 
You'll never know how much you're worth in life until you lose everything of value first . 
Don't expect to see any hair on my tongue . Most of the acid melted it away . 
If in the mind of those around you a guilty-verdict has been passed ? Just go ahead and commit the crime . It's not as though it will change anything or surprise anyone . 
Court dates , attorneys fees , appeals , casual clothing and a bottle of scotch . A long month with an outcome I'm eager to see . 
Doing some " Spring cleaning " on this profile . Since my image has started to change ? So does this profile . Pardon my dust ! 
In today's episode of Jay's life : A grown , sniveling Hispanic man whines and complains to the instructor about not accepting his late homework assignments . 
I begin to ask myself : Is stupidity is a genetic trait ? And if so , is it prevalent in some races more than others ? 
I'd rather try and be completely wrong than never try and believe I was right . 
Chaos is the possibility and the presence of all things . Law is the categorization and appropriation all of all things . Even law is a subset of chaos . 
* Thinks : " There are too many ' awesome ' people these days and so few willing to show for it . " * 
The wonderful thing about children is that you can teach them to hate the things you hate ! 
Unless you're willing to pay someone ? If you want something to be done YOUR way you have to do it YOURSELF . No one I know would do it for free . 
I believe I've reached inner peace . I've come to the realization that the people on this earth are here to do what I wish of them . I believe once they've come to that understanding and accept it , that they'll be at peace too . 
