is fed up and doesn't think she's going to do very well tomorrow ... 
has hiccups ...... 
really dislikes perspectives and debates grr ! 
1 more left 2 go , 1 more left 2 go now , 1 more left 2 go , 1 more left 2 gooooo !!! n then nirvana spa :D !! 
: it's a sad day .... 
has only two exams left now yay ! 
is experiencing a chip butty :) 
is back !!!!! 
needs to start spending less money :s ...... 
feels nauseous :( 
is planning the route to legoland for friday :) 
loves her new MP3 :) ! 
loved harry potter 6 , it was great and had a lovely time ! 
pfft is wondering what to do with herself .... 
' s cat wants to eat her pear .... 
: no dad is getting an MP3 player , guess who's going to have to put his many CDs on the computer and onto the MP3 ....... ( me ) 
: time for some artiness I think :) 
is angry , fed up and not feeling well . 
' s feet really hurt , but really enjoyed herself last night :) . 
feels nauseous :) 
is going to do some yoga :) 
is :) 
is watching Total Wipeout :D ! 
: one week left to go , omg ! 
: omg , omg , omg I'm going to Nottingham :D !!!!!! 
hates not having a desk lamp coz I can't see the keyboard !!! 
appears to be feeling very insightful today 
: i cant knit or make bloody plum am but i can make a victoria sponge cake ! 
is glad to be home even though she is in pain 
: can you really be happy ? 
is off on holiday to cornwall for a week , bye bye ! 
getting ready for my holiday 
doesn't understand how people shop using Ebay . 
is in love with chocolate raisins and is looking to trying some megan bread :) 
: happy days :D 
wonders whether it snows in Nottingham ... 
is feeling a bit bleh .... 
isn't feeling very well :( 
: it's amazing how a person who doesn't know you very well can just make you happier than you were before . 
: the carrot is capatilism ! :s 
is cold :( 
is in pain :( 
wishes that she didn't take so many photographs , it becomes very boring sorting them out after a while ...... 
is thinking that even though she hasn't been out yet , there's better things on next week that will be worth going to and already has one ticket for a boat party :) . 
had a really lovely time today with meg and sarah :) 
: god there is just so much ...... stuff .... 
is :( ..... 
: one week left to go , and omg roast dinner ! 
: bye bye reading 
has less than 1 month until she shall be leaving 
is sat in her ' new ' room wondering what to do with herself 
thinks that she sleeps for way too long these days . 
is drinking tea 
has now spent many hours on ONE poster :) (: s ) . 
: * sigh * 
is still awake !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
has been night cycling :) 
is spending the day in bed . 
: getting up early to do notes is so overrated ..... 
hopes she isn't going to cough throughout her lectures today ..... 
is thinking omg there's loads of people's birthdays in Feb ! 
can't sleep ..... 
: the frustration at not being able to read an article in which her art work appears is high !! 
: people need to have their OWN 20ps !!!! 
is thinking omg there's loads of people's brithday's in Feb ! 
is really bad at procrastinating ...... :) 
wonders how many people were in the shower when the fire alarm went off :P 
hates picking her modules , all the ones I like clash !! 
wants a crumpet .... 
: it's amazing how the internet works fine everywhere else except in halls ! 
: ok this referencing programme sucks ! 
is bored .... 
pffft what do you do .... 
was so naive about her credit card ...... 
my internet officially sucks , I can't even put photos up ! * grr* !!! 
is thinking omg lots of lecturesand then thinks dumbass what did you expect ! 
its not naked its nude ! 
likes the fact that she doesn't have dead ladybirds in her room anymore ! 
: i cant knit or make bloody plu , jam but i can make a victoria sponge cake ! 
is ecstatic and highly happy and excited :D ! 
: chest infections aren't fun .... 
hates buses , why do they have to be so complicated ! 
changing bed sheets isn't that bad :s lol 
nothing like loud music and coffee to wake you up in the morning 
is going to the library , at the weekend .... need I say more .... 
is letting people know who have sent her gifts or neighbour requests on the farm applications that I will accept them but the internet connection here is stupid and it won't let me on them 
has actually bothered to tag her photos to avoid doing work lol 
is scared by the fact that she actually won a game of chess lol 
is slightly intimidated by this freshers formal dinner evening ...... 
is interested to find that people think that she works a lot ... whether this is true or not i don't know lol ! 
apparently knocking on people's doors and screaming is hilariously funny 
: ok of all places to get hit on i was not expecting the library to be a high flyer ..... 
forgot that the clocks went back today ..... 
thinks it was a good idea now that she didn't go to her lecture today . 
: omg I just thought there was a ladybord in my trouser pocket ! 
over 100 pictures to edit and finalise , fun times :) 
is functioning pretty well on just 4 hours of sleep :) 
doesn't like the fact that her phone isn't telling her how much credit left she has !! 
is thinking 
might have to change rooms ..... not sure if that's great or not , it would be great that I won't have a piano keeping me awake at night ! 
is going to regret staying up this late but hey 
lied when she said she would never have caffeine in the evening again 
has 500 words left to do 
: fire alarm at 6.45 am , oh the fun times ! 
: I WILL do my essay and I WILL edit my photographs !! 
: 250 words left and then editing and reading it :) 
is very :) 
omg i hate essays ! 
thinks that the people downstairs are playing ring of fire :S however the person playing queen on the piano makes up for it ! 
: omg i just tried to put tea and coffee together in the same cup ! 
is starting to get things together ...... :/ 
finds it a bit strange that a lot of people have asked if she is doing medicine ... ( funny ) 
needs to decide on a topic for a presentation ..... 
needs a break 
is wondering why there is STILL ductape on people's door handles , why there is shoelaces in her corridor and why there are a bunch of mugs by the fire escape !? 
has spent the whole day in bed 
wishes that the stupid people on her corridor would hurry up with their prelash and go out ! 
: train fares are stupidly expensive ! 
: omg reading sucks , it makes my essay however more appealing ..... 
hates that it gets dark so early ! 
has finally eaten the chocolate that Helena gave me :P 
: whoo finished !! 
: yay got facebook working again in my room- finally ! 
hates the fact that it is really hot in my room again ! 
: a little boy thought that she was going to crash into his buggy lol 
is currently amazed that she can trace her surname back to 1787 , this is quite creepy and fun !! 
oh well it didn't matter that she didn't go to her talk because it got cancelled anyway 
really hates web of science and Navon's letters !!!! 
: I think my essay is definitely going over 1500 words by a long long way ..... ( great ) 
is wondering why did I bother ? 
someone needs to tell the girl downstairs that she can't sing !!! 
really hates buses lol ! 
something just doesn't feel right .... 
: fly free 
omg so much reading ! 
is thinking ' I need to wake up ' ..... among other things .... 
plagiarism talk ....... fun 
is sat on the floor waiting for a computer , fun times ... 
is off to Beeston 
: who decided that credit cards were a good invention ?! 
is bored ..... 
, yeah I'm still awake ...... 
: I'm an idiot 
thinks the people in her corridor are being overly creative tonight and is wondering how the guy is going to get out of his room ... or whether he will just get stuck to it . 
needs to be doing more things ... 
: Twilight tomorrow evening , and it's £1 for everyone ! 
1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 ..... 
: life is busy this week ... 
: this is just frustrating ! 
must remember to go to her interview tomorrow !!! 
is surprised by how ( almost ) tidy her room is :) 
: omg i have my law exam 2 days after i get back !!! 
was attacked by hot chocolate lol 
should really be doing her essay lol 
hates her laptop , it won't let her go on facebook for some stupid annoying reason ! 
: another evening , another dinner ... 
: interview was so strangely much fun :) lol 
can't believe that she is still hungry ... it's annoying ! 
: if you could do anything what would you do ? 
: sitting in the library on a Monday doesn't feel right ... 
hates lab reports , they are easy but not if you have no studies to explain it !! 
is trying to sort her life out 
is in need of inspiration ... 
: why didn't her phone wake her up !? 
some dreams just really aren't nice ... 
: right , essay time 
: ok migraines officially suck , I can't do any work and the only thing that is comfortable is sleep 
: now 117 , this is so hard ! 
Loved x-men origins :) 
: should really be doing work ... 
is thinking that she has forgotten to do something ... 
: fantastic another migraine up and coming ... 
is bored 
: ooo it's dark 
thinks she has messed up her essay , suppose it could be worse , could've lost the whole damn thing not that it would make that much of a difference ! 
is starting to pack ... sad times ... 
: today is an even worse day ( great ) 
: the funness of deadlines ... 
: why am I still awake ? 
really doesn't want to do this lab report even though it's like the easiest thing on the planet ( regarding a psychology degree) !! 
: shhhhh .... (: P ) 
: today is a bad day 
thinks that the campus squirrels are multiplying and will possibly overrun the entire university before we know it !! 
: never has pizza been such a blessing ! - especially at 2 in the morning ! 
: being awake at this time when you have to be up at 7am really sucks 
: right print shop , labs , more labs , boots , print shop , poster route , halls , essay , get ready for formal , formal , mooch , sleep (?) or essay ... so much to do and either loads of time to do it in or so little time to do it in ?! 
: oh ffs ! Why do I keep getting headaches ! 
wishes that there weren't so many adverts of nice food at christmas ! 
is really really really cold !! 
: ok , I will do work ! 
: yay no more deadlines !! 
finds it amusing what people manage to get away with wearing , especially when it's this cold :P 
almost finished :) 
: instructions are stupid . why were there carrots in the corridor this morning and why is there ductape on some of the door handles ? 
: talking about houses doesn't go well with ' mental image rotation ' , it just hurts ! 
: whoo driving to tescos and the library , fun times ! 
: omg the world is currently annoying (: P ) 
pically fails at getting up early and must tidy her room for later :) 
is amazed at how heavy 3 textbooks can be 
epically fails at getting up early and must tidy her room for later :) 
: 300 pictures to go through , only need to find 3 !!! 
: snow ! Unfortunately not good for drivers ! 
hates that we eat so early at uni ! 
is sat laughing at some of the nonsense of her essay lol 
is listening to happy birthday down the phone to Frankie and Bennys lol ! 
: um a lot to think about 
is supposed to be going on holiday but is currently stuck in Gatwick airport until 6pm when her flight was meant to be at 3.30 pm !!!! 
: ok sleep , night . 
wants to know how you do a screen shot on a mac pc ? 
: " Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow " 
: 65 pictures ... we are getting there ... 
: why is my foot green ....? 
: omg not more snow !!! 
: the joy of searching for a 10 credit module at 5am , fun times . 
: house visit and party :) 
: I hate snow ! 
: mmm hot chocolate :) 
is missing uni but not the food 
: opera singing ... great ... at least its too bad 
: just have to walk to hallward , less time in the cold ! 
: dedication is overrated 
had a lovely relaxing evening at nirvana spa :) 
: this is why I don't like snow , it's a death trap !! 
is apparently known for her advice (?) or practical knowledge and her french plating skills lol 
: 20 minutes is definitely not enough sleep to get through the rest of the day and more but oh well :) 
: shit , memory stick 
: OMG HOUSE !! 
: ok has just realised that someone else has been in her room and kindly replaced the U- bend to her sink :) . Finally !! 
: ooo yay first it's lots of snow , then it's a thunder storm and then it's gallons of rain ! 
: has forgotten how long ago it was that she used to play her flute ... 
is slightly concerned at the number of copycats but never mind lol 
: um I like rain :) 
: swimming in 1 1/2 hours :) 
: why am I getting headaches .... 
: apparently cats acn eat jigsaw puzzles ... :s 
: I have many questions , it's just remembering them that's the problem 
is thinking about how useful it would be to be ambidextrus when it comes to writing ! 
: for Gods sake stop falling asleep !! 
has only just noticed that no one else is in the house lol 
is very cold and really doesn't want it to snow on friday 
: sleep , curry and possibly more sleep , but had a good night for the last of ' 09 :) 
wishes sometimes that people didn't tel her certain things especially things that she shouldn't hear . 
: yay 5 chapters read out of 18 ! 
: anyone for a cup of tea ( or brew ) ? 
: um what film to watch ... 
: being healthy is under- rated ... 
: apprently cats can eat jigsaw puzzles ... :s 
: why do there have to be so many films on at the cinema that I want to see !! 
is 5 words over , for gods sake ! 
can't believe that she is strapping her fingers with masking tape ... 
: can't believe that it is STILL snowing !!! 
: why judges have to refer to horses when explaining illegality at common law I shall never quite understand ... 
should really learn to drink hot drinks faster and think her music folder might be going into shock lol 
is taking back with her rather a lot of DVDs but still has three slots left , so any requests ...? 
: it isn't everyday that you get to have a conversation with a pirate and a prophet- come- catholic- come- nun :) 
should really start going to bed earlier , but I've said that before and it doesn't work . 
am so annoyed , I wake up to a really good song and I can't find it !! 
: aim today read 3 chapters , so far not finished one ... 
isn't impressed with the amount of stuff she has to do after doing her exam , so much for the plan to sleep ... 
is currently wondering whether glaring at her revision will either make it go away or just go straight into her head . 
: why does it have to snow this weekend , of all the weekends it could possibly snow on it has to be this one !! 
has a feeling that a train might be in order on Sunday ... 
is now not going via Birmingham but London St Pancreas instead- Oh the fun times ! 
: has arrived , it took 2 trains , 2 tube trains and a taxi , but hey it was fine 
: law and psychology do NOT go together ...!! 
: what's a Gruffalo ? Don't you know ? No . What's a Gruffalo ? 
apparently it isn't understood why I want to go back to university - _ - 
: I can't believe that there are still ladybirds here ... 
: falling asleep at the desk isn't a good thing ... 
: how many times do you have to make the same mistake before you truly learn 
is in bed , learning law and it's still not going in after 4 weeks ! 
: it's all part of the plan . Really , then why does the plan have to change !? 
: can someone save me from my noisy corridor ! 
should really have bought some food yesterday ... 
: I give up , I knew this would happen , where's the revision gone ... 
: yay the calling of sleep ! 
: anyone for hot chocolate and malibu ? 
is feeling more confident about her law exam :) 
: photoshop at £550 isn't happening , but I'll be able to avoid typing so much from now on ! 
is amazed as to how after 30 seconds of walking into her room she lost her key lol 
: mmm hot water bottle to go with revision me thinks . 
: needs serious motivation to revise ... 
is in such a funny mood :) 
: the apple has greatly outnumbered the cheese , in both mass and ... quantity ? 
: need inspiration or motivation or both ... 
has gotten side- tracked by tea ( or brew ) 
is manically packing to leave tomorrow :s 
: why does packing have to be so unncessarily stressful that you want to kill someone ! 
: ow ! Reopening piercings = not good ! 
can't believe that she's going out for a walk at this point of the morning 
: what to do , what to do , what to do ... 
: why is it that loads of people have to die in Shakesperian plays 
is back now and looking forward to her last week here before uni 
: apparently I'm only 7- 10 years old , and maybe younger in certain places . Not sure what to think of this ! 
: I can't believe I'm still on promissory estoppel , who invented this rule of consideration anyway it's ridiculously vague !! 
: earlier today- girl said ' the Queen lives there ( whilst pointing at a church ) , ' ' really , why ? ' ( obviously parent ) and she replies ' because it's a castle . ' Funny . 
is going to go get Di Llewellyn from the train station :) 
injuring yourself in vodka revs and being chased by gangsters in a taxi isn't the way to end a night but fortunately there was still more left to go 
: I have changed my mind , instead of getting up earlier I should be going to sleep earlier 
: damn you snow ! I would actually like to go to uni on sunday ! 
: yay pictures on the walls again :) 
can't believe that she's lost * another * memory stick , this is getting beyond ridiculous now ! 
: whoo bar crawl :) 
: neck pain is seriously underestimated ! 
would currently love to dispose of the person above her * looks up at the ceiling and glares profusely * 
doesn't understand why she is being invited to join Heard in Hallward by many people ... 
should really start to read her emails more often , opps . 
really doesn't know how she isn't desiring sleep like a child at the moment 
: I hate presentations ! 
enjoyed her lovely chat with emma :) 
: mental block ... 
: worrying is just ironic 
had a very interesting awakening to the day , but it involved a much wanted package so it was brilliant ! 
: if you walk into a Blackwells bookstore to buy a £25 book and you pay the cashier with a £20 note and a £5 note , what does this equate to in change ? ( It really isn't what you think it is ) 
: it's amazing how a person who doesn't know you very well can just make you happir than you were before . 
is not surprised that most of the stuff on her farms are dead lol 
is so confused by her bank statements ! 
is starting to get slightly annoyed now 
the epic timetable is almost complete and apparently rather mathsy ... 
shall probably not get a lot of sleep tonight 
so should not have gone back to bed ... 
: whoo stats ! Yes I know I'm weird I really want to do stats reading :) 
: likes the new tutor , much friendlier ! 
: it's sometimes amazing to learn how complicated our bodies are to produce the many functions that it does . 
is slightly concerned at the number of times her computer has crashed today ... 
: should I or should I not be annoyed that my law teacher has told me to learn cases that aren't in the textbooks !?! 
: can someone like check I'm still alive after stats , cognitive psych and neuroscience reading lol 
: Oh look what a surprise , facebook ! 
: there's a fine line between reading on the lines and reading between the lines , can I do something else because I don't have a book to read ? 
: omg its like an oven in my room ! 
: never mind I actually found this one this time :) 
should really start getting up earlier 
: the epic journey to Uni . Part 2 
is currently amazed at how computers and the cold are supposed to keep you awake , I find this to be completely false ! 
shall probably be going to Rock City on Sunday ( fun times ) but who plays a piano at midnight ?!?! Useful answers shall be appreciated ! 
can seriously do no more , and is seriously looking forward to psychology reading- how bad is that . 
: reading , reading and more reading . Although to be fair it is interesting . 
: what to do first , presentation , posters or thank yous ... 
: everything is slowly coming together ... 
really can't be arsed with work 
: you have to love the people who complain sometimes 
: yay my stuff is coming tomorrow !! 
now understands why people used to tell her when she was younger that if she sat too close to the TV her eyes would go square . 
is being killed by the pace of this lecture , people who can't do maths shouldn't be doing psychology !! 
: 4 phone calls , one house to visit ... 
has forgotten how to write a two- tailed hypothesis ... 
: yay just the abstract , discussion and references left ! 
: yay done ! 
: food is currently not essential 
: you have no idea how hard it is to cut cheese right handed !! 
: crumpets !! 
: just the discussion left ... this is so painful ! 
Your A towel 
: the beginnings of Hallward forest 
: this is a brilliant day :) 
has all her stuff now :) 
: currently I'm laughing at myself as I'm finding notes that went missing and now I don't need them ! 
: bleh still alcohol affected ... 
is bored but has nearly finished a paragraph 
: carrot and sweet chili dipping sauce are my guilty pleasures :) 
: to go back to sleep or not to go back to sleep ... 
shall have words imprinted in front of her eyes soon from so much reading ! 
: :) 
: whoo now I just have to wait and see if I will get my photographs printed for merchandise :) 
: happy days , I should be able to start archery soon ! 
: ok her corridor is officially the ' loud and drama- filled corridor ' :S 
: is a word always a word 
: ' I tend to think of this process as a little bearded wizard called Nephwick the Line Finder ... Yes he lives inside your computer'- haha how stats is made more interesting ! 
: attention span is dwindling whilst trying to describe attention 
: 250 words left and then editting and reading it :) 
: Oh this is like torture , money gets in the way of far too many things ! 
: why am I still in the library ... 
: whoo currently 20 pages of shit ... 
: ahhh , I dislike this a lot ! 
: stop falling asleep ! 
is really happy :) 
: it's amazing that by doing an essay I'm actually learning something from my cognitive psychology lectures 
: I'm really cold ... 
: no more essays ! 
: hooray , now what have I got . Oh , a lab report and a tonne of reading , fun times ! 
is nearly done then it shall be the mad rush to the library to do the references , print it out and hand it in before 4pm ! 
: right revision ... 
: my bed now smells of lucozade 
: omg QI ! 
: busy , busy , busy day 
: I'm wondering how long it will take for my attention to waiver writing an essay on attention ... 
: it appears I shall have to start revising now , busy times ! 
: damn dinner being unsatisfying and early ! 
has a mixture of songs in her head , it sounds really odd , yet interesting 
: the depth of conversation in this room is wow ! 
: omg they allowed Miley Cyrus onto the Royal Variety ! 
: ok mental rotation I will see the back of you by the 1pm ( :s ) , at least my internet is working again though ! 
: mmm is this a good or bad exam timetable ...? 
: don't forget party on second floor kitchen at 9.30 ! 
: this lab report is unusually long ... I mean this 16+ pages ! 
: if only there were plug sockets outside 
: why do I keep making mistakes 
: and my dad wonders why I've been staying in bed all the time !! It's freezing !! 
: I will work , I will work ... 
: piano :) 
: oh lab report why do you have to be so BORING ? 
: bed or work ...? 
: this practical is pointless ... no one knows what they are doing and the lecturer doesn't make sense ! 
: apparently cats can eat jigsaw puzzles ... :s ( the ridiculous-ness of the fact that I can't spell lol ) 
: hooray for lab reports :) 
: I think I shall have to read the book now 
is looking forward to tomorrow :) 
: ok can someone just get rid of this snow ! 
: ' it's like fraping but not on my computer!' , ' I'll tickle you into submission!' ... beautiful pause where I nearly fall off the chair ... ' that was beautiful ' , laughing fits ensue ... ' it is like being fraped!' , ' n o it's facebook masturbation ' ... pause ... ' no , it's mutual masturbation!' ... to be continued 
does not want anymore scares today 
: what to do , what to do ... 
: yay for not having to find participants this time ! 
: many things to do , all of which are good :) 
because its nearly Christmas ... and because im bored out my mind . :) ... you can ask me one question ( only in my inbox ) . Any question , no matter how crazy , sinister , or wrong it is . I WILL answer no matter what . You have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to put this as your status and see what questions you get ... 
: psychology is a useless application , with no practical , or lest be known , personal influential principles . Unfortunately there are no statistics to cover this point at the moment , even though I have spent most of my life working on it . Possibly not a proud achievement . 
: why is it that I am more motivated to do my lab report on the day it's due in ? 
: where's the afternoon gone , oh yeh I was asleep :) 
: ' the snow is jealous because it can't go to uni ' - Di 
: why is there a trolly in our corridor ? 
is thinking of investing in some dragon software and photoshop ... ummm tough decision 
: finally , the internet works again , although to be fair I did more work without it ... 
is wondering what the person living above keeps dragging across the floor or around the room ... 
writing right handed is fun :) 
: I love curry :) 
: pfft ... 
: when life starts giving you lemons sometimes it's good to throw them back , other times it's better to pick them up and walk away ( and make a cake ) 
: Lab report , why do you have to be so hard ? I don't really want to hand you in and I haven't properly started you yet :/ 
: when your friend asks you : " Are you looking forward to getting old ? " The idea becomes more terrifying ! Thanks Faseeha Hussain ;) 
: this phone contract is too good to be true , where's the catch ...? 
: I'm incredibly bored ... 
: currently staring at the list of my work and trying to slide down my chair so I can't see it . 
: if anyone wants to go to Ice Hockey varsity on Monday , I have a spare ticket ! 
: home with my cat , and spent most of the day smiling over nothing ! Priceless :) 
: " They always say time changes things , but you actually have to change them yourself . " 
: If anyone knows where I can find the BBC Prison Study to watch for free , I would be grateful if you could enlighten me :) 
: back off to Nottingham soon . Not sure I really want to go back just yet ... 
: It's interesting how things look different in the dark ; to a point , where I find myself questioning if it is possible to see the dark . 
: I want to be saved from this presentation ...! 
: hoping for another rainy day :) 
: you know you've reached the next step of laziness when you find yourself eating out of a packet of microwaveable rice . Next step : using plastic forks and paper plates . 
: is taking to green tea like the storm in a teacup you always wished for , thanks David Everton for the tip :) 
: I can't believe that Mooch is subjecting me to Justin Bieber ... 
: Breakfast = rice , peas and chicken with pancetta and marscapone sauce . I think I need a new eating routine ! 
: yay- writer's block , I always wanted one as well :P 
: why is everything so distracting today ? 
: I love the days when I get to spend , what feels like hours , rediscovering photoshop :) 
: My soul is painted like the wings of butterflies . Fairy tales of yesterday , will grow but never die . 
: I'm quite puzzled as to why this year most of the SU exec campaigns are related to food . 
: I've seen angels fall from blinding heights , but you yourself are nothing so divine . Just next in line 
: * sigh * 26 words over the 10% leeway ... ( snip snip snipity snip ) 
: here we go again ... 
: and we recommence watching Firefly from 5am this very morning 
: bring forth all leeks and daffodils and wear them with pride ! Basically have a good St David's day ;) 
: Walked through the middle of a three-way face off between cats on the way to my lecture , not a bad Western show down for animals ! 
: thanks for the birthday wishes from people , it was a really nice day :) 
: I'm surrounded by ill people :s 
: so amazing not to eat a meal containing rice !!! 
: after spending the whole day doing essentially nothing , boredom is edging me to an early night . 
: With two magpies sat right outside your window , you know it's going to be a good day :) 
: Nothing feels right today . It's weird . 
: I want to buy some daffodils and tulips ... It would first help if I had some kind of vase ! 
: win , 4 lectures and 2 journals down today ... that now leaves me with 16 currently to go ... ( I wish I could still do all-nighters ) 
: After 3 hours of sleep and getting my head around a mind fuck of an experiment , I don't really have anything to lose for the rest of the day ! 
: urghhh , can't cope with such erratic mood swings ! I would quite like a duck though :) 
: stats , stats , stats , stats , oooo language and anxiety , stats , stats , stats ... * sigh * 
: that toad in the hole blew me away !!! 
: Why is it that the hardest decisions can often be the best ones ? It's just a shame I've had to make so many . 
: Really want to stay curled up in bed , rather than tackle the scary amount of work I have ... 
: Really desire chocolate cake right now ... (!) 
: Never have I read a book that is taking me through such a rollercoaster of emotions from page to page as this one is ... 
: Wow , I haven't read a book in less than a day in years . It appears I've missed reading for fun ! 
: I feel old filling in a Census ... 
: I have flowers , I'm so very very happy :) 
: 26th May = done , finito , etc ...! 
: E-Prime ... I hate with you every ounce of my heart , however you didn't beat me this time ! 
: regression back to the days of Fantasia , except I now understand ( and appreciate it ) a whole lot more ! 
: Why am I spending so much money at the moment !? :/ 
: Why oh why did I buy these books ... my productivity is going to be destroyed ! Wait , it's too late ... * reading * 
: I undeniably ache all over , and for no good reason or cause that can be brought to mind . 
: Why did no one introduce me to Black Books earlier ?!?!?!?! 
: It interests me how more crime and destruction has been done in the name of obedience , not disobedience ; yet why are we encouraged so much to obey and to not question ... 
: I should not be up at this time having to look at houses ... * growl * 
: Slightly concerned by how well I'm getting into this lecture on psychopathy . Clearly not enough to keep me awake though ! 
: The moon is really bright tonight ; a simple , single light to guide your way through the night . And now I've come across all contrite with all these rhymes I dare to write . I guess I'll have to hold tight ' til first light ! 
: Ok one last push- I really need 6 people to come to the psychology department between now and friday to do my experiment . I'm pretty flexible with times so it would amazing if you could help me out . Either reply on this or text me and I shall be very happy :) 
: It's sunny ... I'm going to work outside ! 
: cold , tired and overwhelmed . I have no energy to hope that tomorrow will be better ... 
: my body is screaming at me to stay in bed ! 
: chinese takeaway , wine and a den made from bed sheets ; what more could you possibly want ! Oh maybe a film ! 
: Should really stop napping so late in the evening so don't end up going back to sleep in the early hour slots , or I could train myself to stay asleep ! 
: my mind in its current state is very much dependent on ( possibly addicted to ) energy drinks until I return home later ... 
: And to town for double birthday times !! !! 
: He laughs at fear , afraid of nothing . 
He does not shy away from the sword . 
He cannot stand still when the trumpets sound . 
: something feels wrong ... 
: I'm all full of philosophical questions and trying to understand stats simultaneously . It wouldn't surprise me if my brain jumps ship fairly soon ! 
: Even though my camera battery ran out , I still love today :) 
: " Independent variables often get lonely and want to have friends " ... * giggle *..." Scientists are obliging individuals and often put a second independent variable into their designs to keep the others company " ... * silence , and feeling distressed ! * 
: I played football in the park ! For all of about 2 seconds :P 
: I feel like I'm back at school from making a packed lunch ! Except that I had to make it this time ... 
: I'm off to the Peak District , may get some good landscapes :) 
: Well wasn't that a mixed bag in a 9 mile walk ! The Cat and Fiddle don't half do a good cider too :) 
: I've missed The Mentalist :) 
: Today is an artists dream :D 
: Now labs are done , I shall spend many hours outside with my camera :D 
I'm far too excitable today for my own good ! 
: Now for the grand making of pasta , and dancing to the Pink Panther theme tune ...! Small mercies I guess :P 
: Hmmm , * hit button , close eyes and cringe * 
: I'm so excited !!!!! Photography course and life drawing later- double dose of artsiness , what more could you want ! Oh and it's spectacularly sunny :D 
: As an artist I draw with pencils , but as a photographer I draw with light ! 
: I desperately need to replace anger with fun today , maybe that could be fun in itself , who knows I'm going to find out . 
: Still can't find the wordddddd ! 
: In a single breath : 
Fadng through walls . 
Imprisoned by layers of paint 
Stealing your voice . 
A winded song . 
That cold embrace ; suffocating . 
: grrr , drawing faces shall forever be my undoing ! 
: Whooo , I love helpful people who want to give me a chance :D 
: What's the opposite of an Indian summer ? Because I think we're having one . 
: My only regret today is that I didn't get to spend much time outside ... and I miss my SLR :/ 
: I feel like a broken biscuit ... 
: I found some shoes in the play park ! They're so cute , and are forming part of my shoot for the day :D 
: I just received a massive compliment on my photography , win :) 
: I wonder how receptive lab reports and journals are to being growled at ... 
: One hectic week left and I'm sparked out . Convenient timing ? Not really ... 
: Once I get off the phone , it's time for some well deserved wine ! 
: That's it . I'm watching The Road to El Dorado ! Apparently I'm in love with Dreamsworks ' films at the moment . 
: Whooo it's presentation day ! * Silently thinking : shit * 
: Dream ( and probable aim ) of the day is to sit outside with some alcohol and relax ... :) 
: * Smash * , well there goes everything I'm proud of ... Superglue anyone ? 
: Right , nearly all photographs edited and an epically long blog later ... I have done no work ... pfft ... 
: Right , the mood is good . Lets try and beat out some of this lab report ! Not physically- I'm not paying to replace a Mac computer !! 
: Everything is so still outside today . It's unnerving , like something's waiting around the corner ... 
: Climbing in the rain !! Whooooo 
: Skipped lectures , climbed a tree , wondered around in the rain , drank in summer gardens , found a fan , broke a mug ( which is currently in my bag ) , regressed and rocked a boat ( literally and musically)- fun ? Yes :P 
: Really nervous about this meeting ... (!) 
:D , that is all I have to say ! Other than I'm so excited !!! 
: labs = 2 ! F£%UJfwvois6@ > u4jn , combined with conversation snippets on ' Boob Envy ' ... 
: Why , oh why are British film makers jumping on the Stanford Prison Experiment band wagon ? Do we really need three films on essentially the same thing !? 
: " It's my life , it's my choice , hear my words , hear my voice and just believe . " 
: I really wish they had beds underneath the desks in the psychology labs ... 
: Clean room , now work . The promise of the reward of takeaway shall spur on concentration and productivity ! 
: Why do I feel like a spinning ceramic plate ? Everything's blurry . 
: Exhaustion = being hit by a brick , aching and mysterious bruises = aftermath of being buried by bricks . Today can we stick to feathers , pretty please ? 
: Roasting pumpkin seeds , followed by pancakes ... and alcohol . What could go wrong ? 
THIS IS NOT KATY SHE IS NOT HERE RIGHT NOW OK 
: Ohhh regression , hehe ! 
: Apparently with the cleaning of my room I also threw out my organisational skills . 
: Pan fried tinned mango in butter with vanilla yoghurt is undeniably yummy :) 
: The strong desire to stay in bed and do nothing is really not healthy ... 
: For some interesting , crazy reason I'm up writing my lab report . Apparently , motivation is like a bus- it's often delayed . 
: Busy , busy , goddamn busy day ... (!) 
: I'm having a really good day :) 
: I should really be banned from napping ... 
: I'm slowly getting jealous of my cat sunbathing in my room ... 
: can't concentrate for the life of me , let alone motivate ... ( meh ) ... 
: I already have a tan , good times :P 
: Oooo fireworks :) 
: " An island of ability in a sea of disability " 
: Why oh why have I gone from having Let Me Entertain You stuck in my head to Pingu ...?! 
: This girl is a running away from home !!! Well if only temporally ;) 
: can't believe I've committed the ultimate sin of getting Twitter ... 
: Oooo South Park ... moments of brilliance within a vast sea of crudeness and political incorrectness ! 
: Thank you mum for giving me your cold , really appreciate it (!) 
: sat silently laughing to herself about why schools insist on teaching language as it does when various studies prove it's wrong ! Go Educational Office , you're onto a winner ! 
: hooray , not back a week and the rowing starts ... 
: Another day in bed and crap loads of green tea and lemon , hopefully kick out this cold for tomorrow :) 
: " Germans like to have naked students do their housework . " : x 
: Nap time ¦ ) 
: Right now , not consistently sneezing and just wanting to be in bed would be nice ... 
: Snooker at The Crucible :D 
: hmmm , time to change the plan me thinks ... 
: Sunshine , you dare to return ? Don't worry , I wanted you back too :) 
: The realisation that it's a month until my first exam = repeatedly thinking shit ... 
: eughhhh , I calls it a time for SoCo and Lemonade 
: I hate analysis of variance and stats in general so much that I'm now going to overdose on Enya ! 
: I'm playing hide and seek with Motivation and Concentration , who's in ? 
: Currently envisaging myself running around and chasing flying books because I neglected to bring a butterfly net with me to work . 
: My friend Pavlov and I are going to take a rendezvous outside in the sun , can't promise anything about how long it will last ! 
: Crucible times !!! :D I promise myself one year I will go ! 
: " You are my sunshine , my only sunshine . You make me happy when skies are grey . " 
( And repeat continuously ) 
: Pavlov and his dogs went to mow a meadow ... 
: After playing " how many times can I put my alarm on snooze " I moved swiftly onto " what can mess my head up the most " ( stats won ) followed by " guess which sparkly camera you're going to own in the future . " Life is game :P 
: Loved seeing Faseeha Hussain , Anthea Wong , Sarah Pearce and Rima Ribzy Gehlot today :D 
Until combined Norwich-Nottingham times , excited !!! 
: You know you're in a storm when you can see , hear and smell it . To be honest , I just want it to rain so I can stand in it and get completely soaked :P 
: ... shit . Actually no , every single damn swear word ever to exist ! 
: You know revision is finally going well when you start cooking up you're own theories and sparking off ideas :) 
I don't care what IMDb says , I still love The Pagemaster as much as I did when I was younger !!! :) 
: Last day in Reading and I'm missing my cat already , she clearly knows it too because she won't leave me alone and insists on sleeping on me :/ 
: Why is social psychology so depressing ? All it's telling me is about how mean we are to everyone else in a plethora of different ways and how we can't help it ! 
: I want to find the exit . Anyone ? 
: I'm off to see a merry man about a bow and arrow , possibly have a bit of mischief who knows . 
: I want to watch a happy film 
: beautiful day for a walk by the lake before I lock myself in the psychology department , oh well at least I'm smiling :) 
: My ideal situation right now would to be curled up in bed and dreaming , and not doing work and listening to an ' interesting ' loud discussion from my neighbours ... c'est la vie je suppose ! 
: I think the royals should pay for taxpayers to have a party , we deserve it more ! 
: Me thinks I might need some new music ...! 
: I would be made the happiest person for the rest of today if provided an amazing iced coffee :/ 
: Todays plan- overdose on Pixar films ( and work simultaneously ) 
: Done absolutely no work today :/ ... 
: As much as I love it being sunny , I don't love hayfever so I wouldn't really mind it raining for a couple of days to be honest . Pretty please :) 
: With every screaming child that goes past my window , I'm reminded of why I don't love children ... 
: Waking up to two alarms and mentally exclaiming " that's the anterior pituitary " really sets the tone for the rest of the day ! 
: Wow . Over three quarters of the revision is down- a nice surprise for a change :) 
: Does anyone know if we have a revision lecture this afternoon ?? 
: Slowly roasting alive from the sun , and slowly dying inside from well ... everything else ! 
: I think I may have to buy a teapot to feed my current tea addiction ! 
: Really need to work on this whole going to bed and getting up early idea ... 
: I would rather have no friends than false friends , it's more lonely ... 
: haircut time :) And maybe breakfast at Wetherspoons ... Who knows ! 
: Very much happy after successfully finding season 3 of The Mentalist :D 
Sorry Misfits , your time shall come soon ! 
: Believe in yourself , you are strong , you are able , you are better than them . He isn't good for you , he's weighing you down . 
: What are considered signs of strength ? 
: Considering I spilt milk all over the floor this morning , indicating a bad day for me , things are looking up :) 
: Stats = dying ( very ) slowly inside , my response = wine and singing ! 
: I wish these knots in my tummy would go away , I would quite like to eat something :/ 
: When you realise you've got Rebecca Black's song stuck in your head , it's befitting to know that nausea is your first response :) 
: meh , 5 hours of sleep and I'm on a mission to achieve VIRGIN BROADBAND !!! ( I'm not as hopeful as the statement makes out ... ) 
: * sigh * this is going to be a long night ... 
: priorities now are pancakes , sleeping and watching films ! Win :) 
: hmmm , my trip to the north is currently melting into an evil symbol that has representational likeliness of currency ... however , I haven't stopped trying ! ( Yet ) 
is realising that abbreviations aren't that fantastic when you forget what they mean ... 
: I want someone to write my lab report for me !! Failing that feed me my pasta ! 
: very very very hot ! 
is currently feeling sorry for her brain ! 
has now reached the point where sleep involves effort because you can see the sun rising ... 
: time to learn about the joy and blessing of children ... umm ... yeah 
: drove past George Harrison's ( Di ' George ' Llewellyn ' s ) house earlier :D 
: feeling like you have a hangover when you didn't drink last feels really really odd 
: amazing day in London with Jennifer Blake , Di ' George ' Llewellyn and Sherbaz Ahmed :) , shall miss two of you whilst you're abroad xx 
: hmmmhmhmm hmhmmhmhmmmm , hmmmhmhmm hmhmmhmhmmm 
: I think there are many words to describe last night ... and why am I being texted by Tenpin Bowling ?! 
: I have over 300 photographs to edit ... this is going to take a while 
should really start sleeping at proper/ earlier times 
: not only are the squirrels planning to take over the campus , they have managed to form an alliance with the ducks and persuaded them to cause chaos through suicide 
: could happily right now listen to Queen and The Runaways and forget the world exists 
: Currently I just want all food that is bad for me ... and olives ! 
: I don't understand how people can possibly get lost in Ikea . And we have asbestos in our house , go us ! 
: my ears are so cold they are burning ! 
: does anyone wants to either do my lab report or sleep for me ? 
: I should really be paying attention to this film especially as I've never seen Pearl Harbour ... 
: is a word always a word ? 
is going to be completely destroyed by Monday and then going up for more on Tuesday , thumbs up ( sort of) ! 
: it appears we like the 60's at Nightingale tonight :) 
: I never knew how much money I spent on Beanie Babies and how many I actually bought until right now ! 
: no sleep for the wicked 
: on a more positive note , I can proudly say that I managed to get rid of a spider all by myself :) 
: time to face the day armed with handouts and tea stained note cards , on the bright it is sunny so off to visit the couple of out and side ( very attached mind you ) . 
: whoo , currently revised 18 lectures ( not a grand achievement but hey ! ) 
: why do job applications have to be annoying ...? 
: day dreaming with that kind of smile on your face ¦ ) 
: brilliant there's a protein called sonic hedgehog ! 
: hooray for sunshine and working outside :) 
: and the unknown nausea returns , combined with nonalcohol-based hangover ... grr ... 
: really , really , really don't want this essay back ... 
: today calls for a pyjama day :) 
: why do the people above me have to be so noisy when having sex ? 
is watching a film where Kim Ringo Dunk appears in , very cute :) 
: ill .......... and really need sleep .... 
: tired and craving chocolate ... this is not a good thing 
: some nasty person is trying to clear out my account :/ 
: and on the 6th day the Lord ( of room 123 ) proclaimed that she would watch Doctor Who and go back to sleep 
: props to the sex education show ! 
: Florence and the Machine will get me through my daunting tasks on this day ! 
: feels so disorientated at having lost an hour of life ! 
: has just glimpsed at the terror of repeated ANOVA for her lab report , this is not going to end well ... 
" I'm going to kill the caterer ! The appetisers look like a Rorschach test ! " 
: ahhh brew/ tea :) 
: South Park ! 
: whooooooooo , roll on 29th May last exam and going to Noriwch to see Faseeha Hussain and her lovely abode !! If you're weird and can't tell , I'm rather excited :D 
: it appears I might actully go to bed at a ' normal ' time tonight . 
: rock climbing here I come ! 
doesn't understand how she can watch two tear jerking/ soul wrenching films and not be affected at all ! 
: alcohol to counteract the nervousness and relentless to counteract the swift approach of tiredness ... 
: loves Patch Adams , brilliant :D 
: hooray package of many things :) 
: tired , but there's stuff all over the bed ... 
Imagine : Kim Dunk , Di Llewellyn , Harry Golborn and I all live in a Yellow Submarine that has an Octopus Garden on Penny lane with Lucy in the Sky of Diamonds , who's a Day Tripper but that was Yesterday . Here Comes the Sun in our Strawberry Field Forever with Rain after a Hard Day's Night . It's on that note that I know that I Get By with a Little Help from my Friends . The End 
: I really need people to participate in my experiment on wednesday , if you help I will be extremely grateful :) 
: I have now had over 13 hours of sleep , and I'm still tired ! 
: I should really try to stop going to bed after dinner ... 
: life is currently chaos ( not aided by good sleeping patterns ) 
: the plan of writing a certain lab report has plundered itself down the gutter , back up again and down the toilet ... ( twit ) ... 
is glad for chocolate and tea at times like this . 
: coffee- for the times you want to feel Italian and to soften those rude morning awakenings , tea- to get in touch with your Southern side and time- out , brew- to get in touch with your Northern side and have a chat and hot chocolate- for the times when you want to be wicked and seduced ;) 
: officially have the entire house to myself ...! 
: not one but two conversations on poltics ... this is either hard core socialising or just plain suicide for my brain ! 
: oh doesn't my mum watche lovely films :/ 
: I hate packing ... it takes up so much effort 
: nothing better than Irish comedy at its best :P 
is hoping that the lovely sunny day will bring about a good day 
is despising this lab report ... why didn't I do most of it last term !! 
is getting her door fixed :) 
: Really need your fingers crossed for this house ...! 
: psychology is going to kill me ... anyone who thinks it's an easy subject I dare you to study it ! 
: aim- to learn to play the guitar , but tuning it first is always a good start ... 
: oh bed ... oh warm , loving and comfortable bed ... I shall one day write you a sonnet but not now , I want to sleep ¦) 
: hmmm * at revision and lab report * 
: my love of The Mummy films has been renewed ! 
: bye bye Nottingham , shall be back in Reading by 12 
: could really do with several extra hours in the day at the moment ... along with a vast supply of microwavable food ! 
: I should not be this tired ... 
: home , bacon butty , TV , cats and now bed | ) 
: I hate being ill :/ 
: wow so excited about the Robin Hood film , especially as it's directed by Ridley Scott ! 
: why are some emotions exhausting ? 
currently dislikes drama and scripture ( a lot ) 
: " All we need is music , sweet music . There'll be music everywhere . They'll be swingin ' , swayin ' and records playin ' and dancin ' in the street ... " 
: pyjama days are just fantastic no matter what anyone says ! 
: Two 
planes landed in England today ... One brought back a group of overpaid , 
underachieving footballers . The other brought back seven coffins , each 
with the Union Jack draped over them . Footballers play for our country , 
soldiers FIGHT for our country . Footballers give ninety minutes , 
soldiers give their lives ... I know who I respect more . R.I.P. Our Boys . 
Copy & Paste this to your status , show your support . 
: you know that your day has been amazing when people are looking at you strangely because you can't stop smiling :D 
: now to tread the well known path from last year to good ol ' Nightingale from Hallward library . I most definitely deserve a drink ! 
: why have they decided to split The Hobbit into two films !? 
: why have I woken up 4 times in the past 4 hours !! 
: off to house party 
: I hate politics , but have voted . Bring on ... whatever's next . 
: really wants to go on a DVD spree ... this is very frustrating ! 
: it appears that we have feature , cognitive and decision demons running around our heads , I wonder if they ever get time off for mischief and fun ... 
: awesome day with awesome people , and rekindled her marriage with Sarah Pearce :P 
enjoyed going to see Emma Shawcross and her flat this evening after so long :) 
: good day :) 
: one ring to rule them all , one ring to bind them , one ring to bring them all ...... Ben and Jerry's chocolate Fudge Brownie ? :P 
: who ever thought that making a brew could be so complicated and have so many things that could go wrong with it ... 
: Ok enough of learning about the wonders of nicotine , it's time to force tiredness to happen to get ready to go back to Nottingham . 
: ummm , to go to Ireland or not to go to Ireland ? That is the question of the day . 
: you know you have a problem with sleep when you're eating breakfast at 3.45 am 
: back in halls ! 
: collapsing back in bed sounds so inviting ! 
: hmmm deduction and induction sweetly followed up the rear by syllogistic reasoning ... what film would be suitable for this concoction ... 
: wow , someone on my road is a fantastic trumpet player ! 
: dear 6ams , no matter how lovely and gorgeous you are I will always hate you ... 
: I have noticed that there is a trend in my sleeping pattern- there isn't one . 
: At this rate I think I might turn into a fruit pastille . But I don't care , they are so good ! 
is currently laughing at this first year psychology student from Nottingham Uni on who dares wins ! 
: note to self do not put anything in drawers as they will be forgotten 
: hmmm revision prospects English or inhalants ... 
: I am so making a ' bucket list ' 
needs to start getting up earlier . 
: yay don't have to get up early tomorrow :D 
: fed up of being sick now , I would quite like to keep some food down ! 
keeps laughing to herself often enough for it to now start being weird 
: current movement of conversation- daily life , Uni work , my incapability to justify my opinions , psychology being a science or not combined with Freud's theories not being fantastic also combined with elements of philosophy of science and zoology for good measure , something else , teletubbies and now children's programmes in general ... 
: just took the most cutest puppy out for a walk :) 
: never believe what your teachers tell you , they are often surprisingly wrong ... 
: my back has gone on strike ... 
currently wants to know why she is getting random friend requests !? 
: fuck it , can't physically stay in this house any longer ! To roam ... but where ? 
: I . am . still . AWAKE !!!! ( How annoying . ) 
: why is it so damn hot in this house !? 
: I really wish I had the ability , motivation and stamina to get up early , and stay up really late ! 
: has now reached that point where she's shitting herself about revision ... and trying not to panic 
: good ol ' Menorcan spirits , bliss ! 
: finally , a lovely skype conversation with Miss Jennifer Blake and singing Chasing Cars in harmony with Di ' George ' Llewellyn !! :) 
: whoo , done half of stats revision now to complete half of cognitive revision :) 
: oh I wish I had more of an understanding of languages 
: hooray for sunburn and faulty wrist , but apart from that brilliant :) 
: job hunting for the summer , oh the fun times ! 
: residing in the house from the ill , however Ringo has managed to avoid such a tribulation ( for now ) 
: ah pins and needles !! Ow ! 
: hmmm what film to watch ... 
is dreaming about all the places she would like to travel to ... 
: ok , 30 lectures down now ... 
: you know you have Cornish roots when you get excited about having a proper Cornish pasty ¦ ) 
thinks that she is starting to develop cabin fever just ever so slightly . 
has come across a flaw in her revision ... Damn it !! 
: hmmm a certain mental bed attacking cat is currently preventing me working ... 
: day of sleep and QI , brilliant :) 
: BBQ !! Good times :D 
: right many phone calls should ( eventually ) result in some form of guitar tuition ... and I have the advert for ' Don't Stop Believing ' in my head 
: watching all these riders falling off their horses doing cross country is cringy :s 
: Hmmm , texts from domino's , how odd 
: got a gorgeous little puppy wondering around the garden :) 
: I well needed that drive ! 
: Doctor Who time me thinks :) 
: should really go to bed ... but problem solving and reasoning is preventing this ... ( I will finish this damned revision ! ) 
is seriously regretting not taking maths at A level . 
: why are children so complicated ... 
: Just had a really odd moment when she thought she could hear Dark Horse being played on the piano ... 
: oh dear , my work is doomed I have found a decent online sudoku game ... 
: I walk into the lounge holding a box of food , one of the cats looks up at me begging and lovingly , I look at the box and then at her and say ' No , cats can't eat fruit!' 
: just realised I haven't received my train tickets to Norwich hmmm ... 
: I don't think I've gone to bed this early in ages ... time for sleepy sleeps ... zzz 
: I am craving crumpets ... and butter ... and suddenly an epiphany arises . 
: need to stop falling asleep ! 
: I just had to laugh when I found a piece of paper with tons of different people's handwriting on it from the evening at Miss Verel's house in June :P 
really wants to know why facebook has gone all weird and annoying recently 
has hardly done any work today but currently doesn't care and it's time to sleep . 
is thinking that it is time for a Pimm's O'clock , don't you ? Er don't have any Pimm's ... next best thing then chilled cider :) 
: next year = must . be . more . organised !! 
: oh it's a sad day for Britain regarding politics ... 
is currently wondering how much these exams are going to be based on chance ... 
: whoo for societies ball being brilliant ! 
: damn halls crappy internet , nothing is working ! 
: I am never going to forget seeing someone get dragged across first floor landing , drunken classic ! 
: ok time to be productive and organised ... 
: carving a pumpkin and roasting pumpkin seeds :D 
: ah ha ! Proof that stats doesn't like me- the textbook gave me a paper cut (!) 
: " Katy , you are a traffic cone ! " ... " I'm going to steal a traffic cone " 
: hmmm I am noticing a weird level of symmetry and orderliness about my tidying ... 
: I am standing beneath agitated hazel trees 
Listening , waiting . 
Stroking salty dew from my rosy cheeks against 
A rainbow sunrise . 
Staring at natures breath carrying empty kisses , 
To travel the land . 
: great timing to get the ' Wombles ' theme tune stuck in her head , it being Wimbledon and all . 
: turned up to a non- existent revision lecture , oh well means I might get my report in before 12 :) 
: ' watch out there's a nez in my cupboard!' 
is now absolutely terrified ...! 
: an announcement to all facebook users stop the press and get a hold of this first class news ................. Di Llewellyn rejected cake ! That's right my friends , it's scarily shocking ! 
: " the effect of water on light is a distortion but if you look long enough , eventually you will be able to see me " 
: numero 1- attempt to wake up , numero 2- do some damn work and numero 3- do more work , watch live at the apollo and drink caffeine filled drinks . 
: how much music can I get on this laptop .......... well I'm going to find out ! 
: todays lesson- go to bed earlier before an exam , especially if it's a 9am one !! 
: I went to the ( super)market and bought ... 
: well that was ... interesting , roll on neuroscience then . 
: whoo leaving the house :) 
: how many of 16 DVDs can I get through in the rest of today ... well I'm going to find out ! 
: hmm will there actually be a day when I don't start work in the evening which results in me staying up into the early hours of the morning and thus sleeping until early afternoon ...? ( most likely not ) 
: my dad decided to inform me that my revision looks like drawing ... if mind maps are now modern art I'm open and available for buyers ! 
has decided she might go on a ' train ' fest ( although I say that now ! ) 
: why do cats like getting into really loud fights at 4.30 am these days !? 
: I did not just go into town and skip my lecture on stats ... 
: no glass , no Sainsburys trolly , no smelly fridge , clean lounge and Wetherspoons Sunday roast- clearly back in a student house ;) 
: you never know where you get ideas from , in this case a play based on accidental spelling mistakes ... hmmm a fun challenge :) 
: whoooo I have spotify :D 
: really really want to go back to bed ... 
: I have a new friend , it's called Relentless ! 
: hmmm , dilemma with what to do with myself today ...... 
: one . left . BRING IT ON !!! 
: birthday chocolate cake ¦ ) 
: I am going to shove as much information about psychology and English into my revision pickled brain ... Oh look at that it's nearly lunch , food calls ! 
is tired and relaxed ¦ ) 
: bed , food , beer and revision = plan 
hates doing CVs ... 
: Dark cell's only member = a drunk man in a dressing gown carrying a can of Stella . 
: I have never been so bored ... 
: go me , laughing fit at jaffa cakes and gerkins and still going .... :D 
: yay the kettle has been de-riced :) 
: sorry but you've been given a yellow card and 10 Hail Marys 
: reasons why alcohol is good for you- prevents urinary , reproductive and gastro intestinal tract infections , increases blood flow to the brain improving cognition and decreases future chance of dementia , decreases bad cholesterol levels and decreases blood pressure and thus blood clots and strokes ( neat right ? ) 
: you know you're feeling overwhelmed when you're getting roughly 2 headaches a day and have peaked to a migraine and you're seeking dark places ... 
: to town I go on the purple painted vehicle ... 
: thunderstorm whooooo ! :D 
: omg pacman on google is addictive ... 
: receives the complaint letter/ form for the projector not working over a week late . Good management that is !! 
: I give up , bed time . No one should have to get up at 7.50 am on wednesdays !!!! 
: sunshine :D 
: Beeston and Dancing Dragon ¦ ) 
: missing good food ... * sigh * ... takeaway then ? Awesome ! 
: ok , it's officially time to crawl out of my pit and sort my life out ... 
: ummm what films to rent with my 21 day free trial with lovefilm.com ... 
: why is the library sooo hot ?! Have they got a dragon as well ? 
: home , good food , bed and TV . Unpacking can wait ! 
: getting a good ol ' laugh from watching the Green Mile , loved the English Patient too 
: bleh , 3 hour revision lecture on neuroscience ... 
: the time to conquer exams has begun , and it will be successful ! 
: really , really , really wants to go backpacking around the south of France and see Carcassonne , Foix , Limoux , Lombrives , etc !! Damn practicalities ! 
: funny , just found I'm on an Alumni list for my secondary school . Ironic . 
: 4 days to go until returning to Nottingham 
: why oh why am I about to go out for a walk at this hour ?! 
: welcome to the week of hell ( part 1 ) ... 
: right , now where did that neuroscience and cognitive psychology get up to ... 
: " ... judging whether life is or is not worth living is the only true philosophical question . " - Albert Camus 
: I shut my finger in the washing machine door :( 
: who ever thought in my days of freedom I would be watching Rosie and Jim , William's Wish Wellingtons , TOTS TV and bananas in pyjamas :P 
: hooray for avoiding sunburn and eating outside :D 
: almost time to go 
: counts herself very lucky last night when she was thankfully able to save many of her files because she had to do a full system restore as something went wrong :/ 
: oh sunshine as much as we love you on your rare visits to the UK , let it rain for one day ! 
: whoo , all set for 3 days of hard , paid , waiting-on-posh-people graft . 
: 4 down , 3 to go . Week of hell part 1 is officially over ! 
: stop falling asleep ... 
: I am badly craving toast and crumpets with butter ...!!! 
: ok , enough . 
: ok it's now time to crawl out of my pit ... 
: ( revised ) plan of the day- have lunch , go outside and do work , go swimming , have dinner and do more work ... ( maybe watch a film too , undecided ) 
: omg AWESOME Ceildh !!!!! :D 
: hello accidental 6 day weekend ... opps ! 
: hello nottingham after day out in Manchester ... 
: mystery of the missing cat solved , my parents locked her in the garage ( again ! ) 
: out in Norwich :) 
: ' Oh God I'm pregnant with a food baby!' 
: should really stop trying to live off the change in my purse , I know I'm a student but I'm not bankrupt ( just yet ) 
: bleh ill ... :/ 
: done , happy days !! Now nap time ! 
: enough with the sleep deprivation already and the crumpet and toast cravings !! 
: the inconvenience of not being able to sleep when I have to get up early !!!! 
: really really hate packing ....! 
: good day , did fine with results , now where's the alcohol :P 
: bored ... 
: all night film session commences ! 
: fuck it , and everything 
: I hate laptops , why do there have to be so God damn many to choose from !! 
: yay Dark Horse is back :) 
: it appears I need a guitar tuner ... again ... :/ 
Reminder to self to not forget about the minute silence !! 
: well that went well ... blanking half way through a presentation is really the best thing to do ! 
: dinner and now the wait for ( potential ) interviews to arise ... 
: enjoyed driving today , even if it was in rush hour :) 
: put your hand up if you feel like a tape recorder ... 
: filing-a-hoy ! 
: Kim : aw no you can't look at puppy porn ! Di : I'll look at booby porn instead then ! 
: I want to know if a paper mountain is feasible ... ( I actually mean one that looks like a mountain not a pile of paper ! ) 
has come to the conclusion that her sleep patterns have completely and utterly disintergrated ... 
: brain training ( not surprisingly ) hurts the brain ... but it's so much fun :) 
: lost all motivation and drive to do anything , right where did I last leave them ... 
: book , sun , pool and music , I am contented :) 
: now to town , and then to God only knows where my feet shall go . At least , if anything , I shall come back bearing DVDs ! 
: whoo , interview went ok so hopefully will have a job by next week :) 
: new thought of the day- to go back to Nottingham on Wednesday as planned or possibly later ...? hmmm 
french fries . 
: so long as Garfield doesn't appear in my house it's lasagne tonight :) 
: whoever wrote nonfiction books ( particularly with lengthy chapters ) did so to torture students !!!! 
: the time to organise her mess has come , and it looks like it's going to rain :) 
: " To live in the world without becoming aware of the meaning of the world 
is like wandering about in a great library without touching the books . " 
: so confused by my timetable next year :/ 
: yet again I'm going back to bed ... 
: I . am . knackered . I am never working at Henley Royal Regatta ever again ! 
: would like to thank Miss Jennifer Blake for being her model of the evening :) 
: In the midst of : missing the bus , getting the wrong bus , being perved on , getting lost and running through town , I still managed to get to the film on time !! 
: I dislike being ill :( 
: well it's only raining a little bit ... ok make that a lot with extra on the side ! 
: slowly , but surely , I am becoming a fruit pastille fiend !! 
: I should really learn to finish my poems when I actually start them , not 4 months later causing the potential to ruin them ... 
: hasn't until now realised how unorganised my laptop and just well everything in my room and beyond actually is :s 
: I'm kind of getting fed up of the power tripping now ... 
really wants to see Inception ! 
: currently I don't think I am going to get everything packed before my dad arrives , although saying that I have done over half ... 
: Faseeha Hussain - " I love everything you say ! I don't want to go to University , I want to go back to school ! " 
: " One does not go to Henley Regatta to watch rowing " ... 
: right , need to get arse in gear for working at Henley Regetta for 3 days :s 
: I'm starting to miss Nottingham ... :( 
: this is by far not the day I needed ... 
: Challenge before bed- how many personality disorders can I or can I not diagnose myself with ... shall be interesting ! 
: hmmm , what to do to avoid the business of Reading Festival for the next few days ... 
: yay graphics tablet :D 
: anyone who wants to come to London on the 5th August , drop me a message or text :) 
has learnt several things on this train journey : I severely dislike Birmingham New str station , my love-hate relationship of snow has been strengthened ten fold , even with persistence a lone magpie will never make a day too full of sorrow , the crap times certainly bring people together for a laugh and a smile , people in the north are amazing and finally how to spell camaraderie :) - over and out ! 
: " There are plenty of people that I can do something with , but there isn't someone to do nothing with . " 
: so conflicted . Along with wishing my degree were a physical entity that I could break several times over in some way in the name of anger management- now that I call healthy ! 
: The sunset today already looked amazing ... Guess I'll have to imagine what it will look like later on . 
: saw an adder today whilst wondering the grounds of Cliveden , fortunately it was going away from us . 
: moving swiftly on to finding guitar lessons ... 
: job hunting is like finding that perfect brick wall and banging your head against it very . hard . 
: productive day of walking a dog , drawing and a massive dose of mock the week and QI :) 
: Right , I think my phone is out of action , so if you're trying or tried to contact me send me email or message instead 
: I am rediscovering my love-hate relationship with thunder storms ... 
: lovin ' the sun right now , don't care about anything else ! 
: my trip to the land of beds and duvets did not go as planned , maybe later . 
: I might as well just film my life , then I wouldn't get screamed at because I could prove I either did it or didn't . Although that probably wouldn't make a difference . 
: and the great tidy up continues , along with planning a montage using wrapping paper . This could end badly ... sounds like fun :P 
: today has been most odd ........ 
: why does life have to get in the way of my affair with my bed ? 
: went to Nottingham at 7.30 this morning , as you do . Saved a pigeon . And returned to have 3 hours of a confused sleep . 
: my brain feels like it's been shot from my parents going on at me about how unorganised we are being about our house ... 
: my guitar has a vendetta against my fingers ... 
was not impressed to find her mum watching ' Texas chainsaw massacre : The Beginning ' 
: goodbye Reading , hello Kent 
: Either there is a very strange bird outside that thinks it should continuously sing for four hours without breathing , or someone has forgotten to or can't turn their burglar alarm off ( again ) 
: I am trying in vain to find an old film reel , if anyone knows where I can find one could you let me know ? That would be fantastic :) 
: ... ' lazing on a sunny afternoon ' ... ( cue the dark clouds and immanent rain fall ) 
: currently the feeling of being overwhelmed is just ... overwhelming (?) 
: I now am in the proud possession of a tuned guitar !! :D 
: this is going to be a shit day , want to throw anymore things at me whilst you're at it !! 
: my brain needs to get its creative butt into gear ! 
: Off to the land of Surrey on this ( kind of ) fine morning to meet with fellow Beatle-r Di ' George ' Llewellyn :D 
: I can't believe people found The Ring scary ... 
: brilliant rendezvous at Frankie and Benny's with her long lost friend Megan Taylor !!! 
: I have to kick my cats out of my room to 2 days :( 
: " I enjoy to lie , it is far the most exciting thing to do . When you lie you have to remember what you have said and it is a great test of memory " 
: why does moving into our Yellow Submarine have to be 3 weeks away :/ 
: yay , £75 of well earned money :) 
: I am probably not going to have my new laptop before next wednesday :/ 
: hmmm on the fence about today , already broken part of my laptop ( not a good sign ) 
: eugh , why does my stomach always feel so sick these days ... 
: off to buy a phone and a door bell ... 
: and now to wing a presention that I didn't know I had to do until today and I'm about to fall asleep , I don't think I need any luck at all :/ 
: right Watership Down adventure tomorrow , we may come across Hazel , Fiver and Bigwig , possibly some evil rabbits too like Captain Holly . Who knows ! 
: " See no evil , hear no evil , speak no evil " 
: omg , malibu and hot chocolate it's been so long ! So happy :) 
: you know it's enough and time for bed when you can see words in front of your eyes 
: I had to laugh when I received a job offer for an Envelope Stuffer ! 
: why did the Greeks have to make everything complicated ? 
: right , off to bed to get up at 6am to go to Manchester :) 
: hmmm , what to do to avoid the busy activities of Reading Festival for the next few days ... 
: I'm rather bored , and feeling quite restricted ... 
: could do with a large quantity of changes right now , combined with an equal measure of effort 
: I am in need of a convenient wall ... 
: I'm not slacking off on facebook whilst I'm meant to working , course not ! 
I like big bottoms and i cant possibly fib ..... 
is in her new house , and there is no food ... 
: hmmm what's this I can hear ... ohhh it's housemates laughing at the Inbetweeners 
: hmmm , I should actually do some packing ... 
: I currently think my laptop is cursed , it keeps breaking :/ 
: my plans have just shot me in the foot ....... hmmm ....... 
: I feel like I've forgotten or am missing something ... 
: homeward bound to the land of the Ding ( and apparently snow ) 
: aimlessly wondering from one leg to the other from one room to the other , it seems that my sanity was lost at the bottom of a blossom hill bottle of rose and to the Haribo that bastardised my drink ! 
: I didn't pick psychology so I that I would have to learn about vast quantities of physics !!! 
: apparently I really don't want to cook that much because I'm cooking three dishes all at once ...! 
: I had a lovely meal with Faseeha Hussain and Sarah Pearce , and an additional surprise of seeing Rima Gehlot and Elvina Christopher !! Great to see you :D xx 
: I think I ate too much of Kim's choclate birthday cake ... but it was soooooooo GOOD !! 
: is finding it slightly concerning that I am able to rip to shreds a journal from Cambridge University to a point that I've had to stop reading it ... no matter how interesting the topic was . 
: I do love Wetherspoons with heart and soul , especially when I don't have to pay for it ;) 
: Got a nice surprise when she went onto DeviantART earlier :) 
: you know you're pissed off when ..... 
: so much to do so little time .... 
: chippy tea :) 
: Manchester on Thursday !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Exciting !!!!!! :D 
: time for some well needed dessert , jazz music and good company :) 
: and the war against spiders begins again ! 
: no free time :( 
: I'm a bit wet ... 
: there is something seriously wrong if I was that cold last night that I had to add a hoody , dressing gown , socks and slippers to the pyjamas I was already wearing ! 
: time to do some work ... 
: I think I need to borrow some DVDs ...... or take a visit to blockbuster sometime ...... 
: I hate e-prime , why does it have to keep crashing ! 
: haha , just received a job offer for £ 25,000 minimum ppa brilliant , and that CV was crap too ! 
: There is something odd going on , two early nights in a row !! Madness indeed . 
I'm officially in love with cafe coco tang ... and the saxophone ! 
: you got to love Iceland ! 
: ... ( shit ) ... 
: I keep wanting to sneeze ... there must be a lot of dust here ! 
: I . Hate . Labs . Period . 
: what we have done for ourselves alone dies with us ; what we have done for others and the world remains and is immortal- Albert Pike 
: Great . Walked myself into that one ... shame there wasn't a door instead ! 
: if you're shown 4 fingers , how many do you see ? 
: just got rid of the biggest spider ever from Kim Ringo Dunk's room , step several up the depletion of phobia ladder ! ] 
: ok , time to finish packing for the return to Nottingham tomorrow 
: so many questions and not enough answers ... 
: goodbye Reading , hello Nottingham 
: apparently I suck at sleeping ... 
: And now begins the massive OCD clean up of my pit- I shall take bets on how long it takes me to do this :P 
: Kim : aw no you can't look at puppy porn ! Di : I'll look at booby pron instead then ! 
: off on a ramble , shame couldn't go to Sherwood Forest though . Oh well save for another sunny day ! 
: does anyone know if any bars , etc are open ? :) 
: I think I'm going to die trying to become a clinical psychologist ......... 
: and the people visiting houses begins ... 
: bike repaired ( check ) , glasses ( check ) , food ( check ) , washing ( check ) and work ( ummmm getting there ....... ) 
: I'm wondering how long it will take for pain to drive me out of the library ... at this strength not much longer I doubt :/ 
keeps forgetting everything ... I didn't realise I hit the brain delete button yesterday 
: I shall forever remember the moment when I scared the hell out of Alex J . King by just sitting in his lounge :P 
: it feels weird being on facebook after watching The Social Network .... 
: productive day- bought food , a dress and two pairs of shoes ... we'll get to work later ! 
: meh , want to do something but need to buy food and should do work .... 
: argh , stop sending emails about experiments that I probably should do !! I don't have time ! 
: coco tang cafe is AMAZING !! 
: I've just noticed that a fair few of the voice overs covered in disney's Robin Hood and The Aristocats are the same ... 
: quite likes her free silver screen top , however it has a hole in it already ... 
: it seems that I unconsciously want to eat cremated food today :/ 
: it's interesting what you can find on the back of a notepad a year later- in my case : D.H. Lawrence , a partly finished butterfly , some circles and a law definition for a deed . 
: To Pulp Fiction at the Savoy ! But first I must sit for a LONG time ! 
: omg COVERED in bruises , but fantastic night and love unexpected invites to house parties ! 
: Ok end of freshers fayre , but come and pick yourselves up by seeing Kick Ass at Hallward screening room tomorrow evening :) 
: whoever did my experiment last week : you're amazing , our results are currently being praised and used as an example for the rest of the class :) 
: I have olives , I'm happy :D 
: really cold ... It's warmer outside than in the house ! 
: could really do with someone to talk to ... 
: we nominate Simon Lubbock as the best bar man on our campus 14 last night !! Whoo ! 
: first lecture was so-so , however laptop in the lecture was a godsend , as was finding out that I don't have to do an annotated bibliography :) 
: Di ' George ' Llewellyn- ' willys , willys ... I like willys!' , Kim Ringo Dunk- Di I think you should meat spin Katy ! 
: miracle cough cure of lemon and hot water 
: I want to go travelling ... 
: CAKE WEDNESDAY !!!!! :) 
: Dear Back 
I know sometimes we aren't on the best of terms and that I inconvenience you with my bad posture and long hours of sitting , however I would wonderfully appreciate it if you STOPPED hurting me !!! Lots of love :) 
: Freshers Fayre :) , come see Dark Celluloid and Silver Screen !! 
: yay for Heard in Hallward's mention in Impact , even if it was a bit interestingly put ! 
: Is that cold that i'm trying to draw heat from my laptop through my hands ! 
: forgot how much I enjoyed photography , shame the battery ran out ... 
: you know today is a good day when you find yourself dancing in the kitchen whilst making pancakes :D 
: I really don't like how early it gets dark these days ... roll on December 22nd 
: hello all-nighter , it's been a while , I haven't really missed you to be honest ...! 
: in the past 24 hours I've discovered a liking for rugby , successfully broke in my shoes and that , more often than not , drunks in Nottingham City centre can be quite inspiring 
: presentation time , who knows what will happen ...... 
: and out into town .... again , bring on Twisted Hearts ! 
: oh happy days ( exclaimed in a gospel-style-singing-voice ! ) :D 
I am surrounded by spanish ... and I need to go to tescos 
: libraries are clearly not good for working in , far too boring ! 
: I like it on the floor or the wardrobe door knob :) 
: I want to be a cat . 
: if only I didn't have a time limit or adverts on spotify ... 
: I really shouldn't be allowed to book train tickets when drunk at 5am ... 
: returning to the land of archers and merry men tomorrow :) 
: meh to the doctors for an emergency appointment , I love my day already ... (!) 
: I've come to the conclusion that we should really ask how did Darwin NOT impact modern psychology , be much less to write about for a start ! 
is apparently confined to her bed until further notice , stupid back ... :/ 
: by the way , a rather informal message , but everyone should get their derriere onto Heard in Hallward :) 
: I didn't realise that Hallward had turned into a jungle as there is someone wondering around dressed as a tiger .... maybe a monkey will come along soon ! 
: you know you're a student when you go to the one stop and buy two cans of relentless ( on offer ) , two tubs of Ben and Jerry's ( half price ) and ..... mushrooms ! 
: failed at pouring peas into the pan , they went all over the floor , all over the hob and even into the oven gloves ! 
: fuck my life to the stars and god damn back again ... 
: rather bored perhaps I should do some wor .... wait my room's messy ! 
: just broke the earth rod on her netbook charger ... well that's convenient ! 
: by the end of this chapter I will HATE Freud 
" Change your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood Until Monday ( December 6th ) , there should be no human faces on Facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is a campaign to stop violence against children . " 
Is currently appalled at the state of the Dark Cell SU page ... 
: In the great words of Liam Neeson- " It's time to spread the word . And the word is : panic " 
: " Which would be worse , to live as a monster or die as a good man ? " 
: opps 
: head + wall = sore !!!!! 
: Currently experiencing a love-hate relationship with snow ... 
To Mooch to eat , and then endless hours in library ! If you wish to distract me you are very welcome to ! 
: never drinking kopperberg in 5 minutes EVER AGAIN , on a plus note it appears I'm improving at drawing naked people :P 
: and another day in the library that is Hallward ... 
: a sunrise at Hallward , followed by a sunny day- good times 
: all I've done today is stay in bed and sleep , all I still want to do is stay in bed and sleep ... 
: really want to know who left four boxes of chocolate on the mantle piece ... 
: Again sleep fails to bid a fond good day , but nonetheless tomorrow promises to be fun . For one who is single anyway :P 
: reliving the past as a Goth for Halloween ! 
: saved a wee mouse this morning , leapt instantly for freedom once I got outside ! 
: really wishing that sleep learning was possible right now :/ 
: that's it , tomorrow I'm going to do a photography shoot at Wollaton park ! Also before the term is out I plan to see a sunrise ( found an amazing place to see it ) , definitely going to need help to stay awake ! 
: slightly concerned I may turn into a carrot at this rate ... oh well ! 
: I should really start going to my lectures or not walking out half way through , however seeing a kingfisher really made my day :) 
: slowly but surely resigning myself to the idea that I'm not going to do well this year ... so no , I definitely don't want my exam timetable tomorrow !!! 
: to go on a photo shoot , or to not go on a photo shoot ...? 
: mulled wine , chocolate and plenty of photographs , priceless :) 
: clearly the windswept look is the favourite today , along with my new found skill of fork thief ! 
: yay finished with time to relax ... only 37 lectures left to go mind :s 
| I held my knees close and stared at the rain dancing on the window . 
Dreaming of autumn kisses , waiting 
For you to come back to me . 
: very tempted to watch A Town called Panic again right now and laugh myself to sleep :D 
: Whoever designed Trent Courtyard is a twat who clearly doesn't value the lives/ health and safety of students !!! 
: right off to do some photography ( if it stops snowing ) , then maybe student occupation and then Hallward ...! 
: does not understand why lecturers insist on their lectures not making sense , not being in a sensible order and not providing the all important evidence they bang on about all the time ! Grr 
: " Beauty is not in the face ; beauty is a light in the heart " - Kahlil Gibran 
: could really do with some luck right now , or a miracle would be equally nice 
: I think some of my lecturers need to go back to school , or at least learn how to teach ! 
: why does worry make everything 10 times worse ?, why is being brave so hard ? and finally why can't I take my own advice ?! 
: Really . Desperately . Need . To . Relax ... ( plans retreat to Indian Monastery in the Himalayas ) 
: I had no idea how much I have missed having fully working headphones until now . Music mania ! 
: well that was a revelation and a half 
: to be constantly busy or to not be busy ? Can there not ever be a consistent middle ground instead , that would be nice . 
: I've sooo missed social and biological psychology ! 
: has a really happy cat on her bed attacking her laptop , pens and hand lol ! 
: I'm really intrigued as to how I've managed to write over 1500 words on the title , introduction and the method ... hmmm ... and 16 references ... :s 
: meh ... to get results tomorrow , or wait and freak out on my own on Monday ...? :/ 
: fuck it , I'll get my results tomorrow ... jump head first into the snake pit as it were :s 
: my hands are covered in glass from Sarah Pearce floor but a good night :D !! 
: Eugh , unnatural and ungodly hour ... ( long long long day ahead ) 
: whoo for the return of insomnia ...! 
: not feeling well :/ 
: should not be allowed alcohol ever again ... 
: brought into the New Year by Jools Holland and awesome music , swiftly followed by QI- brilliantly priceless :) 
: Dear life , what do you want from me ? 
: seriously thinking of keeping my bum to the wall at all times lol ! 
: running low on photos to edit ... after Friday I intend to have multiple dates with my camera and photoshop ! 
: To Hallward I venture . Certainly not for pleasure . These four walls are boring . And even less reasuring . So on and up Portland hill I dare go ! 
: I love how the time I actually want to talk to my parents they aren't in ... 
: mood swings , hunger and sleep- all of which are completely erratic and unpredictable , oh dear ... 
: as much as I now can not sleep , the end of the day was unexpectedly fantastic :) 
: feeling really disheartened by being so irritable at the moment , along with my parents ... 
: Dear builders next door , I sincerely dislike you , and your drill ! 
: currently in a state of ' how the fuck am I going to write an essay on reading ' and ' ARGH ' combined with a caffeine high ... An interesting fusion ! 
: one more left to go then sleep and lazy days 
: Hello Darwin , I'm going to hate you by the end of today . Nice to meet you by the way :) 
: I feel old having just seen S Club 7 on the Aladdin panto :s 
: can't sleep :/ ... 
: so far doing everything right handed is posing an interesting challenge , at the risk of sounding like a gangster- bring it ! 
: and we lost the house ... 
: I would quite like to go to a beach ... 
: there's only so many times you can tell yourself ' as is the way of life ' when fate cruelly intervenes to such an extent 
: fairly unsure as to how to take my results ... 
: okkkk , no more drinking . Pain is no longer fun . But awesome to see Nightingaler's again :D 
: I love the bit in Sherlock Holmes where Robert Downey Jr is briefly a cow :P 
: The Experiment ... can't express how messed up this is nor how much it's tearing me up . The irony of it : it's done every single day and we all do it ... 
: enough is now the only thing I comprehend ... 
: Trapped my thumb in the money box :( 
: memorising memory is slightly painful , reading about reading , however , is just too far ... 
: can't believe they have Easter eggs out already !! 
: dreaming of going abroad ... :) 
: ' It's not going in!!' ' It's because you're not relaxed enough . ' ' What , the light bulb isn't floppy enough ? ' 
: Alex : Why are we here ? We did this last year ! 
Me : Because I'm trapped by you and Louisa 
: you know you spend waaay to much time in Mooch when you start recognising other people who do the same . And a Mr Men film ?! Well I'm open to new things . 
: can't wait to not be the only one in the house , whoot :D 
: " Round round get around . I get around " ( Thankyou Di and Kim for getting this stuck in my head and causing the urge to run around in a fun styled fashion ! ) 
: I think I unconsciously have a death wish . In the past two weeks I've been nearly hit by a car three times ... 
: and it's back to the real world of Monday labs ... 
: fondly kicking back with a well deserved pyjama day , and a bit of schizophrenia on the side ( as you do ) 
: yay for new shoes that don't have holes in the soles and make your feet absolutely soaking wet ! 
: if anyone fancies a free epilepsy test , come visit the bathroom at 65 Humber Road ( damn light ! ) 
is really hoping that this day is going to get better ... 
: ceilidh :) 
: lying isn't good , but sometimes it's necessary 
