i just watched ' Fatal Attraction ' yesterday ... it scared the bejesus out of me , Glenn Close please get out of my nightmares ! 
for some reason im really excited that we are watching Shawshank Redemption today in my FILM 331 lecture ! 
the mentalist ... me is praying that it's good , then there is more tv to watch ! :) 
yay holis are coming up which = more time for work !!! :D :D :D :D :D 
gargh !!... 
Jess Knipping : Practically Perfect in every way :) :) :P 
BREAKFAST @ WORK 2MORO !!!!!! :) 
Happy Bday Amanda Tapping !!! and thanks Credit Team , the breakfast was amazing :) 
District 9 = Amazing ! 
JT or Steven ... why do i care ??? lol :P 
oh man , Shawshank Redemption has lost its magic forever , i dont even believe Morgan Freeman anymore ... * sigh * 
117 days to go ! ( in 6 minutes time ) 
... and of course this has to happen , i knew it was too good to be true ... Amanda Tapping has canceled Armageddon ( don't hate you Amanda but man this sucks ! ) 
' Nobody puts Baby in the corner ' :( 
Please , Mr Van Helsing , Listen to me . He is just a man Who wishes to be free ! 
okay now 117 days to go until THE MIDDLE EAST !!! :) 
haha , my essay was actually due in tomorrow lol , i shud really check due dates more often ... 
i seem to be only updating my status every Tuesday , how strange ... am now very full from one red dog 
i now have 100 friends ! :) 
choice : KFC or Hell's ? 
apparently : Zac Efron's Interests include ... Collecting autographed baseballs , watching Flight of the Conchords and reading manga and comic books . So cool 
me back from outer space or rather meeting people who pretend to run around in outer space lol :) 
yay 2morro starts off the coolest weekend of the year , okay maybe cool is too hip a word , how about GEEKFEST 09 !!! :) :) :) Armageddon is gonna be AWESOME !!!! 
copy and paste . copy and paste . that has been my whole day ( with a little bit of counting in the middle ) FUN ! * sarcastic sigh * 
Stargate Universe is sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo amazing :) SQUEEEEE 
o and apparently : James McAvoy's Interests include ... Reading sci-fi , watching Battlestar Galactica and Star Trek . Again so cool 
Nooooooo ..... Shanti Kumari died :( . this is a very sad day , damn you shorty !!! 
i am in the 1% of people who do not get a positive result from the interdermal rabies shot which means that i am in the 1% who do not become immune to rabies , halarious , there goes another $150 
come on SATDAY !!! 
It is a truth universally acknowledged , that a single man in possession of a good fortune , must be in want of a wife " 
omg , today is perfect , not a cloud in the sky :) 
okay , i am having my blood test to see if THIS time i am immune to rabies ( crossing all things that cross) ! 
Seven ( 7 ) days to go :) 
coolest/geekist weekend of the year has begun ! :) :) :) 
Everyone , i command you to watch GLEE :) :) ( if you havnt already of course haha ) 
amanda tapping on twitter , AWESOME and already has over 3,000 followers ! 
IM IMMUNE TO RABIES !!!!!!!!!!!!!! squeee :) :) :) 
W00t ! just got my final mark back for reli110 A- !!! :) this is for a subject that i thought i crapped out on lol . nice surprise :) 
hey guys , im facebooking from the living room of my uncle huib's place in Breda , The Netherlands :) we are alive and will facebook with more awsomeness wen we start our tour in a couple of days :) 
its friday ... thats all im saying 
please essay God , help me ! 
Dunkin Donuts is coming to Jville !!!!!!!!!! :) me so happy :) 
UPDATE : my . veins . suck . i went into the doctor's room at 3pm and left at 3.35 with no blood test . they couldn't find a vein and when they did it disappeared on them , Just my luck . So now i have to go down to their lab tomorrow morning and hope that they can take my blood and then get the results on friday . GARGH !!! 
hey guys , me is lazy so here ? s the l ? nk to a blog of our tr ? p and w ? ll update wen ? have more t ? me :} www.mischiefof1kind.livejournal.com 
The Killers cancelled their asian tour :( 
The best we can do is to weave fact and fiction together , braiding a cable of reconstructed “might have beens . ” - silly essay readings , but this sounds so cool :) 
okay you have probably already read this on my sister's page but i am meeting RICHARD DEAN ANDERSON IN AUS NEXT MONTH !!!! squeee :) :) :) 
Uni = Almost finished !!! just one more essay to go then is ARMAGEDDON ( a convention for freaks , geeks and others sorts ; not the end of the world ) :) 
first day back at work , time to make some money as i am sooo very very broke ! lol :) 
Uni next week ... blah . Sydney next week W00t !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
AUTOMATIC ! 
we get to watch PRIDE & PREJUDICE in my women in film class W00t :) :) :) 
there is a campaign to get Amanda Tapping on ' The Ellen Show ' , i sooo hope it works ! :) 
just had my first lecture , watched Alien Resurrection ... Go Sigourney ! :) 
Uni starts today , yet somehow it feels strange as im working the full day lol 
" Buried in the sands of Egypt for a THOUSAND centuries . We sought to unlock its ' secrets , instead we unleashed ... its ' power " ... epic fast paced music and shots commence ! 
the cat is staring at me strangly ... 
haha , Hollywood will probably sue us if we put up that stupid ' Wellywood " sign , thank god for once Hollywood ahss some sense !!! 
lovely weather we are having ... 
the best movie ever " my PRECIOUS AVATAR was BLINDSIDED so now it's UP UP IN THE AIR in a HURT LOCKER " ( according to Ellen ) 
dvds are now finished and burnt , hallelujah 
Sydney tomorrow filled with WICKED musicals , STARBURSTing scifi stars , the BADDEST dj AROUND TOWN and the coolest travelling companions :) !!! 
free macers in palmy ... me want to go to there ! :) 
i feel like expressing something profound ... i got nothin 
it's monday again which means " The Pacific " is on tonight . Still trying to get into this series but there is something missing from it . maybe this episode will be awesome ( cross fingers Jonas Style :)) 
only one more essay to go ! so me will be rather sleepy tomorrow as i will not sleep and my head will be full of diasporic communities and their reading of media content ... gargh ! 
$117.40 later and in three weeks i will have a Dutch passport ! :) 
paulapennypaulapennypaulapennypaulapennypaulapennypaulapennypaulapennypaulapennypaulapennypaulapennypaulapennypaulapennypaulapennypaulapennypaulapennypaulapennypaulapennypaulapennypaulapennypaulapennypaulapennypaulapennypaulapennypaulapennypaulapennypaulapennypaulapennypaulapennypaulapennypaulapennypaulapennypaulapenny*shortlandstreet*paulapennypaulapennypaulapenny 
is it possible to forget how to do write your own signature !??? work brain work ! 
first Uni presentation of the year , GARGH !!!!!!! 
TWTWB- its so awesome ! everyone go watch it :) 
@JoeFlanigan : Note to self : next time purchasing my own action-figure in store , come with well-developed excuse . 
the crappiest show is starting tonight ( season two ) but i so cant wait !!! L.O.T.S ( u figure out wat those initials stand for lol ) 
sarah and i are getting our stargate sg1 complete series dvd boxset today !!! :) 
It's the start of Shortland Street's Winter Season !! 
One whole hour of Shorty Tonight W00T !!! 
AWESOME ... Ben Browder , Michael Shanks and Torri higginson at Armageddon !!! 
SUCCESS : i have a BA ! ( well the points for it anyway ) :) 
list of my favourite movies part 3 : Shawshank Redemption , Secret Window , Spice World , Serenity , Stargate , Monty Python and the Holy Grail , Life of Brian , The Meaning of Life , Imagine Me & You , Brokeback Mountain , Bend it Like Beckham ... 
list of my favourite movies part 7 : She's the Man , 10 Things I Hate About You , Batman Begins , Fight CLub , Se7en , District 9 , Whale Rider , Eagle Vs . Shark , The Hurt Locker , Walk the Line , Edward Scissorhands , Pirates of the Carribean : Cure of the Black Pearl , Lord of the Rings : Fellowship of the Ring ... 
Just made a Robin Hood movie with my little cousins , so cute :) 
" FlashForward is considered highly unlikely to get a second season , as its ratings have dropped below the 2.0 threshold in the key adults 18-49 demographic " NOOOOOO ..... though this is not the bes show on TV , im really enjoying it !!! dont cancel entertaining Television ! 
tomorrow is my FINAL day of uni classes ! crazy how fast 3 years went ! 
essay one done : check , essay two done : check , gave myself time to procrastinate : double check :) 
GO CUBIES !!! 
Love Actually last night , Holiday Inn and While You Were Sleeping tonight . i how is love christmas movies ... HAPPY CHRISTMAS EVE everyone !!! 
Oh by gosh , by golly , it's time for mistletoe and holly , 
Tasty pheasants , Christmas presents , 
Countrysides covered with snow . 
Oh by gosh , by jingle , 
It's time for carols and Kris Kringle . 
SUCH A NICE DAY ! 
is shocked to find no snow patrol on her ipod . 
freaky is just joined " Join if your legs are crossed and/or your left hand is touching your face " , because that is exactly wat i was doin ... am i on the truman show ??? 
" The Pacific " episode 3 : " Melbourne " is on tonight 
" The Hurt Locker " is da bomb ! ( pun totally intended ;P ) 
damn BP generator ... there is a power cut and i cant benefit from it ;P 
has finally finshed her year long muscial desks at work :) 
Part 4 of " The Pacific " is on tonight : Episode Gloucester/Pavuvu/Banika 
" The Pacific " is on tonight :) 2/10 
ask me anything about television narrative structure and i think ill have to slap you ! 
finally got a mark back from a uni assessment , B+ , not bad for a paper that i barely understand 
P&P ; thats right ! 
POWERS BACK ! 
eating ricies and watching baseball at work ( GO the Cubs ! ) 
oops , i intended to get up at 9 today ... soooo didnt happen :) 
The news it came out in the First World War 
The bloody Red Baron was flying once more 
The Allied Command ignored all of its men 
And called on Snoopy to do it again ... 

Christmas bells those Christmas bells 
Ringing through the land 
Bringing peace to all the world 
And good will to man 
SKINS SEASON 4 STARTS TONIGHT on C4 9.30 pm :) 
Forget past indiscretions , and stolen possessions You’re high In the cold light 
Dive Now ; Work Later . DAHAB !!! 
" The Paciifc " is on tonight !!!!!! 
me is asleep ... just like Liz Lemon I am sleep walking and doing my fave things which right now is facebook ( love u facebook :)) 
list of my favourite movies part 5 : Aladdin , Pan's Labyrinth , Terminator , Titanic , Lost in Translation , American Beauty , Sunset Blvd , Moon , The Little Mermaid , Zoolander , Josie and the Pussycats , Alien ... 
Double feature tonight , The Karate Kid and then 3D Toy Story ! 
' My name is Domino Harvey . I am a bounty hunter . ' 
CORIN NEMEC AND MICHAEL SHANKS ARE COMING TO OCTOBER AUCK ARMAGEDDON , totally geeking out right now !!! 
Aotearoa " Land of the Long White Cloud " ... even our forefathers werent optimistic about our weather climate ! 
" Is it you or is it me ? Lately I've been lost it seems . I think a change is what I need . If I'm looking for a chance or to dream . Shortland Street ... " 
Inception tonight !!!! :) 
" Darling so share with me , 
Your love if you have enough , 
Or tears if you're holding back , 
Or pain if that's what it is , 
How can I let you know ? 
I'm more than the dress and the voice , 
Just reach me out then , 
You will know that you are not dreaming . " 
Hello world , may i offer you a cup of tea cause i feel like one right now :) 
blah ...... 
Labour weekend it gonna rock my socks !!! auckland all the way !!! :) :) 
my mission is complete , i have now met every stargate ( sg1 and atlantis ) actor !!! (okay except for beau bridges and JR Bourne ( and though i didnt meet robert ricardo i did see him walking around armageddon years ago ! )) ! 
POI E ! grrr ... i cannot get this song out of my head , get to number one already and leave me alone lol ( kidding i LOVE THIS SONG ! ) 
yay draw for the All Whites , sarah had to tell me we got a goal cus i was asleep on the couch lol ( how unpatriotic brain or eyelids ) BUT GO THE ALL WHITES ! 
The first Noel the angel did say 
Was to certain poor shepherds in fields as they lay ; 
In fields as they lay , keeping their sheep , 
On a cold winter's night that was so deep . 
Noel , Noel , Noel , Noel , 
Born is the King of Israel . 
11.45 , fifteen mins and then i can sleep , damn tute sign ups 
LIBBY IS COMING BACK TO SHORTY !!!!! :) :) :) 
list of my favourite movies part 1 : Pride & Prejudice , Moulin Rouge !, Singin ' In the Rain , An Education , A Single Man , While You Were Sleeping , Love Actually , Forgetting Sarah Marshall , Hook , A Oerfect Catch , E.T , Empire Strikes Back , A New Hope , Tomorrow When the War Began ..... 
I'll be home for Christmas 
You can count on me 
Please have snow and mistletoe 
And presents under the tree 
Christmas Eve will find me 
Where the love light beams 
If only in my dreams 
list of my favourite movies part 9 : Strictly Ballroom , Alex , A Nightmare Before Christmas , In My Father's Den , City of God , Chicago , Holiday Inn , The Gay Divorcee , Top Hat , Take Me Out to the Ballgame , Fox and the Hound , Bambi , Lady and the Tramp , A League of Their Own , X-Men , X2 , Fly Away Home ... 
Have yourself a merry little Christmas , 
Let your heart be light 
From now on , 
Our troubles will be out of sight 
Make the Yule-tide gay , 
Our troubles will be miles away . 
Vendredi , ?????, ??????, ???, Petak , Pátek , Fredag , Vrijdag , Perjantai , ?????????, ??? ????, ????????, Venerdì , ???, ???, Fredag , Freitag , Pi ? tek , Sexta-feira , Vineri , ???????, Viernes , OR in english ; FRIDAY !!! 
last night i had a lovely dose of " Grease lightning " , " boo , you whore " ing and nice smelling naked ladies ( the movie " perfume " nothing perverted :)) . 
thanks for the fun night Jo , Lisa and Carrie o and daniel :) 
still on my 2010 ' to-do ' list : watch SG1 episode 2010 , watch movie 2010 ( and 2001 for that matter ) ummm .... yeah thats bout it :) 
WE WONNNNNNNNNNN !!!!! go the men in Orange :) :) 
Finals here come the Dutchies !!! 
Society Warning : On friday the 13th be cautious of the following ; ladders , black cats , bad b-grade horror films , mirrors ( they do like to be shattered and give you hell ) . YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED ! 
All work and no play makes Jessie a dull boy * cough * i mean girl ... :) 
list of my favourite movies part 8 : Enchanted , The Darjeeling Limited , Mona lisa Smile , The Right Stuff , Jennifer's Body , Juno , Big , Forrest Gump , Gattaca , Charlie's Angels , Charlie's Angels : Full Throttle , The Matrix , Grease , Perfume , 27 Dresses , The Notebook , About a Boy , Gone Baby Gone , Psycho , Saved !, Home Alone , Finding Nemo . Monsters Inc ., Toy Story 3 , Finding Neverland ... 
Tomorrow is my last Film Lecture EVER :( * depressed sigh * ( had a blast in this class ! :)) 
me sooo disappointed in Sex and the City 2 , sooo god damn racist and elitist ! 
Oh man , Irvin Kershner ( the director of Empire Strikes Back ) died at 87 on sat . So sad . He directed the best Star Wars ep ever 
I'm dreaming of a white Christmas 
Just like the ones I used to know 
Where the treetops glisten , 
and children listen 
To hear sleigh bells in the snow 
With every Christmas card I write 
May your days be merry and bright 
And may all your Christmases be white 
now i want to go home and watch some classic stargate sg1 ! i need my teal'c , danny , o'neill and carter time ( with a side of hammond and janet .... throw in some mitchell , vala and landry and a pinch of quinn :)) 
hehe i found this funny : ' Shortie St. 20 years of drivel resolved by Hone Ropata actually awaking in Guatemala , from a 20 year dream .... " You've been in Guatemala all along Dr. Ropata "' 
okay first final mark back : an A- for Woman and Film ! :) 
I don't want a lot for Christmas 
There is just one thing I need 
I don't care about presents 
Underneath the Christmas tree 
I just want you for my own 
More than you could ever know 
Make my wish come true ... 
All I want for Christmas 
Is you ... 
shortland street how you disappoint me so :( 
bad recycled literal cliffhangers , running around in the bush and Chris's other illegitimate child . goodbye Adam Rickett , what a rather mediocre way to leave the show 
Inception , in a word that is spoiler free : mindf*ck ! 
is totally excited for her lunch with Joanna Wong and Carrie Miners ! 
Sleigh bells ring , are you listening , 
In the lane , snow is glistening 
A beautiful sight , 
We're happy tonight . 
Walking in a winter wonderland . 
Gone away is the bluebird , 
Here to stay is a new bird 
He sings a love song , 
As we go along , 
mostly packed ! now just the ipod , ipod speakers , camcorder , camera , powerpacks ... 
One day more ... one more day til revolution , we will nip it in the bud ... 
' You may laugh because every time I sign my name I put a gold star after it . But it's a metaphor , and metaphors are important . My gold stars are a metaphor for me being a star . ' 
i just had the ThinkPoint computer virus ... fun 
i am in need of a V or some form of energy booster , Marie's goodbye lunch has amde me very sleepy ... 
can . not . g o.o n . stuff . or . imdb . until . i've . watched . the . emmys ! 
wellington lions won :) kind of a boring game thou but good night ! 
' D-d-d-danger , watch behind you - there's a stranger out to find you 
What to do ? Just grab onto some Duck Tales , o o-o o ! 
Not pony tails or cotton tails but Duck Tales , oo-oo!' 
NO WORK TOMORROW !!! :) 
" life was a song You came along I laid awake the whole night through . If I ever dared , to think you cared this is what i'd say to you ... I'm singin ' in the rain , just singin ' in the rain . What a glorious feeling I'm happy again . I'm laughing at clouds ... The sun's in my heart and I'm ready for love ... You're all my lucky charm . You've opened heaven's portal here on earth for this poor mortal ... You are my lucky star " 
tomorrow when the war began , * sigh * another book franchise that i have yet to read and will see all the movies of ... 
and here comes a childhood classic ! : 
is my two front teeth , 
my two front teeth , 
see my two front teeth ! 
Gee , if I could only 
have my two front teeth , 
then I could wish you 
" Merry Christmas . " 
list of my favourite movies part 2 : Domino , The Hangover , Jesus Christ Superstar , Inception , What's Eating Gilbert Grape , Boy , The Sound of Music , Anchors Aweigh , Raiders of the Lost Ark , Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade , You've Got Mail , When Happry Met Sally ... 
list of my favourite movies part 4 : Mean Girls , Avatar , ( 500 ) Days of Summer , The Edge of Love , Howl's Moving Castle , Spirited Away , Field of Dreams , The Princess Bride , Star Trek , Marie Antoinette , Beauty and the Beast , The Lion King , Terminator 2 : Judgement Day ... 
WWMD-What Would Madonna DO ? 
THANKS EVERYONE FOR THE BRITHDAY WISHES < love you all ! :) 
an extra 20 GB per month at $7 cheaper !!! go telecom and Simon Barton :) 
" Whenever sang my songs , 
On the stage , on my own , 
I never said my words , 
Wishing they would be heard , 
I saw you smiling at me , 
Was it real ? Or just my fantasy ? 
You'd always be there in the corner , 
Of this tiny little bar . " 
Come on Vic , give me my marks back !! 
Lynch ! 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood . The goal ? Not to see a human face on Facebook till Monday 6th December . Join the fight against CHILD ABUSE , copy and paste this to your status to invite your friends to do the same . DO IT ! ? 
list of my favourite movies part 6 : Letters from Iwo Jima , Amelie , Paris je t'aime , City of Angels , Babel , The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford , Sunshine , A Life Less Ordinary , 17 Again , Mildred Pierce , Stardust , Atonement , Interview with the Vampire , Minority Report ... 
OMG !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! okay Wellington Armageddon generally sucks ( or is lower par to Auckland ) but Bill has just revived my love and dedication to the event ... KATEE SACKHOFF ( STARBUCK/KARA THRACE ) IS COMING TO 2011 WELLINGTON ARMAGEDDON !!!! :) 
Feliz Navidad 
Prospero Ano y Felicidad . 
I wanna wish you a Merry Christmas 
From the bottom- of my heart . 
" So let me come to you , 
Close as I wanna be , 
Close enough for me , 
To feel your heart beating fast , 
And stay there as whisper , 
How I loved your peaceful eyes on me , 
Did you ever know ? 
That I had mine on you . " 
" Darling so there you are , 
With that look on your face , 
As if you're never hurt , 
As if you're never down , 
Shall I be the one for you ? 
Who pinches you softly but sure , 
If frown is shown then 
I will know that you are no dreamer . " 
is now in singapore ! 
" My last night here for you , 
Same old songs just once more , 
My last night here with you ? 
Mayber yes , maybe no . 
I kinda liked it your way , 
How you shyly placed your eyes on me , 
Silent Night , Holy Night 
All is calm , all is bright 
' round you virgin Mother and Child 
Holy infant so tender and mild 
Sleep in heavenly peace 
' the weather outside is weather ... ' 
essays , icons , final fantasy ; jess is in need of time for all three things ! 
just had my last ever tutorial today ... haha it was sadly very boring :) oh well goodbye class learning ! ( for a while atleast ... ) 
yay seeing ' Easy A ' tonight !! 
I dont like this show but i respect the people behind it's making but at the same time i thought it was a massive step in the wrong direction . the show was full of itself with stereotypical characters that i could not sympathise or empathise with . i am sad to see the stargate franchise end this way and am now hoping that the new sg1 and atlantis films get greenlit to revive some life and hope into this mgm franchise 
Oh the weather outside is frightful , 
But the fire is so delightful , 
And since we've no place to go , 
Let It Snow ! Let It Snow ! Let It Snow ! 
It doesn't show signs of stopping , 
And I've bought some corn for popping , 
The lights are turned way down low , 
it is Jane Austen's 235th birthday ! 
back to work i go 
yay Yamcha for lunch ! thanks Joanna Wong for being my taxi !! :) 
Mission : finish at least the first 4 HP novels by the end of the weekend ( already half way through the third) ! 
Les Miserables tonight ! ( again ) . this will likely be the last screening at the embassy ! 
Twas the night before Christmas , when all through the house 
Not a creature was stirring , not even a mouse . 
The stockings were hung by the chimney with care , 
In hopes that St Nicholas soon would be there . 
The children were nestled all snug in their beds , 
While visions of sugar-plums danced in their heads . 
And mamma in her ‘kerchief , and I in my cap , 
Had just settled our brains for a long winter’s nap . 
With this news i do not know whether to be happy , sad or neutral . Stargate Universe has been cancelled ! 
just got home from the second viewing of Les Miserables ( this time at the embassy@) , ahh not even Nick Jonas can ruin that muscial :) 
just back from Manila , so much fun !!! loved it :) now hanging in KL eating way too much . there was a massive thunderstorm and just got to the hostel before we got rained on 
Greeting cards have all been sent 
The Christmas rush is through 
But I still have one wish to make 
A special one for you 
Merry Christmas darling 
We're apart that's true 
But I can dream and in my dreams 
I'm Christmas-ing with you 
movie night ; Tron , Domino and Scream .... sounds pretty good to me :) 
Rocking around the Christmas Tree 
Let the Christmas Spirit ring 
Later we'll have some pumpkin pie 
and we'll do some caroling 
You will get a sentimental feeling When you hear voices singing 
" Let's be jolly ; Deck the halls with boughs of holly " 
Have a happy holiday 
Everyone's dancing merrily 
In a new old fashioned way 
the shortland street Throng blog is my saviour ... love it !!! 
the 83rd Academy Awards are on today ; 
my Predictions/Hopes : 
Best Actress : Natalie Portman 
Best Actor : Colin Firth 
Best Supporting Actress : Helena Bonham Carter 
Best Supporting Actor : Geoffrey Rush 
Best Film : Black Swan 
Best Director : Darren Aronofsky 
Best Original Screenplay : Inception 
Best Adapted Screenplay : The Social Network 
Goodbye to the Mid-Lambton Starbucks , i have had a many great pleasures drinking my morning coffee in your store . RIP 28-02-11 
the newest episode of Glee is the best one ever !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
LOVE 
Opening Day ! go the NY Yankees !!! 
Armageddon it this weekend ! who's going ? 
