missing family 
fixing to put up christmas stuff 
missing my brother .... it was fun seeing my family 
you know your poor when you got to wash dishes with hand soap 
just got back frm the store 
its going to be a good christmas after all 
CRAMPING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
valentines day sucked 
going to hosp tonight to get checked out . 
fussy man today 
FWD : 
If we woke up naked together using only 3 words , What would you say to 
me ? Pass it to both sexes ! WARNING THIS GETS FUNNY !!! 
space man stew liked to gaze up at the stars ... he dreamed of floating with them in his space man car .. but when he touched down he couldent believe his eyes .. all of his favorite things started floating by and he did toooo ... space man stewwww ... 
man my kids dont fuckin sleep !!!!!!! 
qwartni had fun .... got a bunch of candy .. michael slept through his first halloween 
my kids r going to be head bangers ... lol 
just got a new born baby kitten sooooo cute 
my kids are coming home this weekend !!! yay 
ugh got to take my kid to his check upsoon 
what you got boy is hard to find i just cant get you off my mind im all strung out my heart is fried .. i just cant get you off my mind . cause your love your love is my drug ... i like that song .. lol 
IT'S BROTHER " S WEEK ... If you have A brother who has made you 
laugh .. Pulled your hair .. Stuck up for you .. Drove you crazy .. Tickled your 
feet .. Hugged you .. Watched you succeed .. Saw you fall .. Picked you back 
up .. Cheered you on .. Made you strong .. Made you cry .... Can't do 
without .. Copy and paste this to your statusThank god for 1 of them 
' M 
A HANDFUL !! Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I'm strong 
willed , independent , a bit outspoken and I tell it like it is . I make 
mistakes , I am sometimes out of control & at times hard to handle . 
But if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as heck don't 
deserve me at my best . If you're a HANDFUL , repost ! I dare you ! I'll be 
looking for the ladies who repost ( But I really am sweet too ! ) 
music is good .... 
missing all my friends from the past 
#81 sooo many memories . we had a blast in the days .. you were always fun to be around .. you were always a sweet and caring girl i loved hanging around you .. we were crazy together .. lol and now your a very loving mom and i love the times we had together .. i miss you so much and i miss the time we spent together .. wish we could do it again . 
my baby had her kindergarden ceremony today .. im soooooo proud of her !!!!! 
my freaking eye lid is swollen 
fuck its hot 
just got back frm the hosp . 
the kids come home tonight ........ what a night last night all that rain 
lala deda im sooooo fucking bored im tired of sitting at home i want to see my friends but cant cause i dont have a car 
LET'S SEE WHO IS PAYING ATTENTION . EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU ARE ON MY FRIENDS LIST AS A RESULT OF A CONSCIOUS DECISION . I WANT YOU THERE . I AM NOT ONLY GLAD TO COUNT YOU AS FRIENDS BUT ALSO FAMILY . LETS SEE WHO ACTUALLY PAYS ATTENTION . COPY THIS AS YOUR STATUS JUST FOR A MINUTE . I'LL BE WATCHING TO SEE WHO REALLY DOES ... CHERISH FAMILY & FRIENDSHIP . THANK YOU FOR BEING PART OF MY LIFE . MERRY CHRISTMAS TO YOU 
let me paint you a fucking picture !!!!!!!!!! 
nice sleeping weather ... lazy 
2 more days and my kids are gone for the summer ... yay !!!!!!!!!! 
man im so fucking emoitional .... dont know why ......... i miss my mom 
omg .. my daughter tried to kick at me .... so i tore into her ass !!!!!!! 
your just like a pill .. instead of making me better .. you keep making me ill 
making some cookies ... 
u dented my blow stick and punctured my squeeze bag ... 
man qwartni is going to be 6 tomorrow .. she is growing up sooo fast .. dante turned 7 on sunday . man i miss him so much even though i never got to know him . mommy loves you dante 
you and i woke up in jail together , using only FOUR WORDS , what would you say to me ? ( If you answer , you must play along and paste this in your status ) 
man this kids dont sleep !!! 
Leave one memory that you and I had together . It doesn't matter if you knew me a little or a lot , anything you remember . Send a message , or leave a comment on here . Next , re-post this in your notes and see how many people leave a memory about you . It's actually pretty cool ( and funny ) to see the responses . 
yay me ... finally got my house cleaned !!!!!! 
roses are red violets are blue .. lalalala im coming for you ...... soooooooo bored !!!!!!!!! 
my daughter is such a pest ... i need some adult acompany .. 
ugh ... i feel ....... sooooo fuckin fat ....... 
sooooooooo fucking bored !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
gettin my buzz on !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
what 
do you think of me ? Leave answers below my status ! and be honest ! It's 
good to know exactly how people see you ! Re-post to your own profile ! 
hes 3 months today !!!!! 
gosh i cant believe my girl turned 6 today ... we are having her b-day sat cant wait 
fuck im hot !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
u can devin .... at least its better then hearing you cant do betteryou can do so much . believe in your self cause in the end its you who chooses which path to take in life . 
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MOTHERS OUT THERE !!!!!!! 
up all night with a puckie girl .. ugh ... soo much for sleep 
getting tired of feeling like im being taken advantage of . 
God 
saw you getting tired , a cure was not to be . So he put his arms around 
you and whispered " come to me . " With tearful eyes I watched you , and saw 
you pass away . Although I loved you dearly , I could not make you stay . A 
golden heart stopped beating , hardworking hands at rest . God broke my 
heart to prove to me He only takes the best . Repost if you have a loved 
one in Heaven .... sure do miss them ! 
gotta go pick up my daughters glasses 
thank you roz .. had a good time and it was good seeing u again .. love ya gurl :) 
great ... just found out mike is getting another online game .. thats 2 games now ... that mean even less time for me and the kids .. yeah lovin my life .. not !!!!! 
poor little man had to get 3 shots today 
Tough 
girls come from New York , sweet girls come from Alabama , but weTexas 
girls have fire and ice in our blood ! We can ride four wheelers , be a 
princess , love with a Passion , throw left hooks , fish with the boysand if 
we havean opinion you're gonna hear it ! Repost if you are a 
true ... TEXAS girl 
i hate the sober life ... 
kids might be coming home next weekend 
cleaned the house today . 
Godsaw 
you get tired and a cure was not to be . So , he put his arms around you 
& whispered " come with me " . With tearful eyes , I watched and sawyou 
pass away . Although I love you dearly , I couldn't make you stay . A 
golden heart stopped beating , hard working hands at rest . 
God ..... brokemy heart to prove to me , HE only takes the BEST . Put this 
as your statusif there is someone in heaven you miss today !! 
yay my internet is back on !!!!! 
yay !!!! the kids just left foe a month and a half !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
rockin rollin lil ball how i wonder where u go .. hehe 
well day 2 of my work out ... sooo sore 
my tooth hurts !!!!!!!!!!! somebody punch me !!!!!! 
people sounds like peep hole 
hpoin today is a better day 
i think its fucked up the the school my kid goes to is the only school in the district that wont allow the parents to attend track and field or any other activities that they have . i waited so long for this and to have it taken away from me . 
gonna be cooking it up at my brothers for thanksgiving !!!!! im sooo excited !!!!!! 
happy birthday mom i love u so much and i miss u 
fuck im HOT ... its hot in my apt !!!!!!! it sux !!! 
Every 
person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only has one : to get better . I 
know 97% of you wont post this as your status , but my friends will be 
the 3% that do , in honor of someone who died of or is fighting cancer .. 
the kids r coming home tomorrow night ... ugh why at night ????? 
i smoke 2 joints before i smoke 2 joints 
yeah wake and bake is sooo good in the morning .. 
yay .. im getting a kitten tomorrow . 
i love my kitten 
cant even have a normal conversation with him , cause he feels the need to make stupid comments on everything i say to him , then he wonders why we fight ALOT !!!!!! 
woo hoo get to go to my bros soon makin thanksgiving dinner at his house !!! 
mmmmm homeade pumpkin coffee crumb cake .. sooooo good 
Lets see how forthcoming my facebook family 
and friends are . Leave a one-word comment that you think best describes 
ME . It can only be ONE word , no more . Then copy and paste this post on 
your wall so I can leave a word about you . This could be interesting ! 
well my me time is almost over .. kidds are coming back on the 26 ... 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? wall ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? beautiful ? DAUGHTER ? in the ? world ? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • . 
tired of feeling like people dont want us around ......... so fuck everyone im tired of being nice to people .. tired of offering my help . tired of people taking advantage of me .... 
inbox me a number and i will put what i think about you on my status 
ok i have a 4 day old kitten that i been bottle feeding the eyes arent open yet but one of the eyes is buldging and when i touch it green puss comes out i have no monet to take it to the vet what can i do .. if anyone knows pls tell me 
saggin my dickies , smoke like a hippie smells sooo good when she get wet and sticky .. you lift me girl you da bomb .. got a nigga blowin like cheech and chong a bong a blunt or a paper square it really dont matter shell take you there . 
the best part of waking up is foldgers in your cup ...... 
Yes I'm a bitch !!! Unfortunately most women won't repost this ... I make 
mistakes , I'm crazy , occasionally out of control , I'm emotional , and at 
times I'm hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst , you 
sure as hell can't handle me at my best ! If you're a bitch , repost this ! 
cleaning qwartni's room 
i just caught my daughter in her brothers swing .. lol 
Mona Dashney PRAYERALERT !!? ( repost ) For a FB friend's daughter AUDRIN 
KING . Hold the family up inprayer today . Her 2 year old daughter was 
just diagnosed with Stage 4 cancer . If you see this post , even if you 
dont know her , God knows ... Please post to your profile for 1 hour and 
say a prayer for the little girl and God Bless you for doing it ! ( How 
could any mom NOT repost ? ) PRAY , please !!!!! 
yay michael got his first tooth today !!!!!! 
do da dippity ..... bored 
so my daily fortune said im going to have a new love affair .... i find that funny .. 
my fuckin head hurts !!!! 
my daughter is such a drama queen !!!!!!! 
Let's 
see how forthcoming my Facebook friends are . Leave a 1 word comment 
that you think best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR first 
name . It can only be one word . Then copy and paste this post on your 
wall , so I can leave a word about you 
FWD : If we woke up naked together using only 3 words , What would you say tome ? Pass it to both sexes ! WARNING THIS GETS FUNNY !!! 
i can see you !!!!! 
I 
work 24 hours a day . Why ? Because I'm a MOMMY . I'm a cleaner , a parent , 
a teacher , a referee , a nanny , a nurses , a handyman , a maid , security , 
and a comforter . I don't get holidays , sick days , or a day off . I work 
through the day and some of the night . I'm on call at all hours . I'm 
... underpaid and overworked . Now tell ... me your jobs harder then mine . 
Repost if your blessed to be a MOMMY !!!!!! 
Put ? 
this ? as ? your ? status ? for ? one ? hour ? if ? you ? or ? someone ? 
you ? know ? has ? or ? had ? cancer . ? My ? prayer ? is ? that ? in ? 
2011 ? a ? cure ? will ? be ? found . ? Will ? you ? post ? it ? for ? just 
? one ? hour ? ? Do it for all of us ! ? Cancer sucks !? 
This sux big balls stupid comcast 
i want to get away from EVERYTHING !!!!!!!!! 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have 
been affected by someone who needs a smack upside the head . Lets raise 
awareness . 
mike sure knows how to ruin my day .... i love him but he sure makes me unhappy ... he makes me feel worthless .... like i cant do nothing right ... try to talk to him but everything i say hes got to make stupid remarks .. and he wonders why we fight everyday ... venting 
TO NON-PET OWNERS who visit our homes . Don't complain about our pets . 1 ) They live here , you don't . 2 ) If you don't want their hair on your clothes , stay off the furniture . That's why they call it ' Fur'-niture . 3 ) Chances are , I love my pets more then I like you . 4 ) To you , they are animals . To me , they are family who are hairy , walk on all fours or threes & don't talk back ! Repost if you love your pets !!!! 
soooo my opinion starts fights and he dont want to hear them .... 
ON - THERE IS A VIRUS GOING AROUND AGAIN , IF YOU SEE A GIRL WHO KILLED HERSELF OVER SOMETHING HER FATHER WROTE ON HER WALL DO NOT OPEN IT , IT IS A VIRUS AND IT WILL NOT ALLOW YOU TO DELETE IT , PLEASE PASS THIS ON BEFORE ... SOMEONE OPENS IT . ( IT IS A SELF REPLICATING TROJAN ) 
kids can say some crazy shit ... we walked to the store and she saw a bird so she went to go chase it and i told her no but by the time i got my sentence out the bird flew away .. i thought the bird was hurt by the way it was laying . so i told her sorry thought the bird was hurt . then she says no mommy the bird is not dead .. dead means that your dead on the ground 
just want to crawl under a rock and not come out 
A 
true friend doesn't care if you're broke , when your house is a mess , 
about your past , or if your family is filled with crazies ... They love 
you for who you are ! A true friend can go long periods of time without 
speaking and never question the friendship . REPOST if you are 
blessed ...... with at least one true friend . 
Every Christmas , you hear people saying what they want & bought . Well this is what I want , I want people who are sick with no cure to be able to be cured . I want children with no families , to be adopted , I want people to never have to worry about food and shelter & heat . Now , lets see how many people re-post this who actually care . I have a feeling I am gonna see almost no re-posts . 
fighting all week ... 6 hrs of sleep total for the week .... my hair is falling out ... im fixing to snap !!!! 
yumm pizza 4 breakfast .. lol 
bra o clock time .. lol 
meet me in the back witha bottle of jack ... 
made my daughter a homemade chocolate cake with homemade frosting yesterday for her little party ... my first time ever making a cake that did not come from a box ... it was sooo good . 
yay for school !!!!!!!!! 
wow cant believe what my daughter just said ........ she tells me mommy u need to break up with daddy and i ask why ? she tells me cause he yells at u .. so u need to break up with him .. ummmmmmmmmmm pondering .... 
poke if u ever had a crush on me . like if u think im a good friend . msg me if you have/want a relationship with me . comment if u , ve ever had good memories w/ me 
put this as your status and see what people love about you i love your --- 
Before I was a mom , I never learned the words to a lullaby . I had never 
been spit up on , drooled on , peed on , or chewed on . I had complete 
control over my life and thoughts . I slept all night and did what i 
want . I never loved someone unconditionally or got choked up from one 
little ... grin . And I never cried looking into teary eyes . I've never 
been so happy . :o ) Repost this if you are proud to be a mom . 
fuck i hate living in houston .......... noone to go visit .... 
awwww my baby girl needs glasses !!!! :( 
qwartni's b-day is tuesday .. shes going to be 6 man shes growing up to fast . 
i dont know what to think or feel anymore 
leave one memory you and i had together . It doesnt matter if you knew 
me a little while or a long time anything you remember send a message or 
leave a comment on here repost this in your status and see how many 
people leave a memory about you its fun get ready set go lol 
is staring at the 
green alpacas , pink trolls , blue pixies , and purple faeries sitting in 
the corner , plotting ... Alright , WHO slipped LSD into my Lucky Charms ? 
mike makes my eye twitch .. he pisses me off sooooooo bad 
theres build a bear for kids .. why cant we have build a bra for us women ???? 
FRIEND 
LIST AS A RESULT OF A CONCIOUS DECISION ; I WANTED YOU THERE . I AM NOT 
ONLY GLAD TO COUNT YOU AS FRIENDS . BUT ALSO AS FAMILY . LETS SEE WHO ON 
MY FRIENDS LIST ACTUALLY PAYS ATTENTION . COPY AND PASTE THIS AS YOUR 
STATUS . I'LL BE WATCHING TO SEE WHO REALLY CARES 
aww my son has his first busted lip .. my poor baby boy !!!! 
well i thought wrong ... calgon take me AWAY !!!!!!! 
my baby had his first dentist appt today ... he did sooo good 
sooooo fucking annoyed !!! 
How 
many of you really know ALL the people on your friends list ? I 
meanpersonally know ? Here's a task for you . If you're on my list , post 
howyou met me , know me or maybe our very first encounter . After you 
havecompleted this , repost this in your status box n read the 
interestingresponses . ( This should be fun ! ) :o ) 
im convinced on the inside that something is wrong with me .. 
need some adults to hang out with 
man thats fucked up my farms got erased 
yay school !!!!! kid is gone yay !!!!!! 
i like it under the table and in the closet 
ughhhh im soooo fucking FAT !!!! need to get inshape .... need workout buddies !!! 
MUST 
READ ..... so sad . Just found out that the group asking us to change our 
profile pics to cartoon characters are a bunch of pedophiles . The trick 
is that it helps kids to accept a friend request faster if they see a 
cartoon pic up . It was on the news tonight . Please be aware and change 
your profiles back . 
wow he apologized to me this morning 
wow waht a morning baking all morning and lots more to do !!! 1yaya 
i like it under the table 
PHONE NUMBER IS NOW ON FACEBOOK !! NO JOKE ... Go to the top 
right of your screen , click Account then Edit Friends . Go to the left 
side of your screen and click Phonebook . Everyone's phone numbers are 
now being published . Please repost to let your friends know this is 
happening so they can remove their numbers if they want to ... by 
changing their privacysettings . ( Privacy Settings-Customize-Phone-Only 
Me ) 
6:15 in the mornin and im fixin to pull my hair out !!!!!! its tooo early for this shit !!!! 
gonna cook it up for christmas .. yummy cant wait !!!! 
similac recall !!!!! google it 
well i think i finally want a tattoo 
im so fed up with everything and everybody 
Washing cloths 
Your 
son will hold your hand for a little while ... but will hold your heart 
for a lifetime ... It's National " Son's Week " so if you have a son that 
you love with all your heart copy and paste this to your wall 
Change 
your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To 
not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight 
against child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite your 
friends to do the same 
2 yrs old : " Mommy I love you . " 10 yrs old : " Mom whatever ! " 16 yrs old : " OMG ! My Mom is so annoying . " 18 yrs old : " I wanna leave this house . " 25 yrs old : " Mom , you were right . " 30 yrs old " I wanna go back to my Mom's house . " 50 yrs old : " I dont wanna lose my Mom . " 70 yrs old : " I would give up everything for my Mom to be here with me . " You only have one MOM ! Post on your wall if you appreciate your mom . 
yay mine similac cans lot numbers are not on the list ... 
hmmmm ... a month now . i know hell break .. just when ... then ill have my excuse .... 
Inbox me a number and I will put what I think about you as my status ... 
PROMISE TO MY CHILDREN : I will stalk you , freak out on you , lecture you , 
drive you crazy , be your worst nightmare , embarrass you in front of 
your friends , hunt you down like a bloodhound until the day you 
understand why I do it . Then I will know you are a responsible adult . 
All because I LOVE YOU ... You will never find someone who loves & 
cares about you more than your mom ! Copy and paste if you are a MOM 
( : [ ] : ) 
MOMMY's week . Repost this with the date you first became a mommy !! july 11 2003 
life is like a drug u never know how much its guna fuk u up ! 
ugh .. just home frm wic appt ..... sooo annoying 
Attention : Fake 
(+) (+) , Perfect ( o)(o ) , Perky (*)(*) , Cold (^) (^) and even Grandmas\o/ 
\o/ Big ( • )( • ) or small (.) (.) Save Them All !! REPOST for Breast 
Cancer Awareness 
ATTENTION ... Toall 
parents whose children have a profile on facebook . There is a man 
trying to get in contact with children to talk about sex . His name is 
Thierry Mairot . Please copy and paste this onto your wall and warn all 
your friends ! Please everyone Moms and Dads repost and get him off 
ofFacebook ! Parents , Grandparents , Aunts ......, Uncles , and Cousins . 
EVEN if you have NO kids repost it 
awwww love ya guys 
DI-NO-SA-UR YOU R A DINOSAUR DI-NO-SA-UR YOU R A DINOSAUR OL-DM-AN YOU JUST AN OLD MAN HIT ON ME WHAT ... YOU NEED A CAT SCAN !!! 
whats the fin point of animal control when they dont rescue animals on complexes 
yay thanksgiving is right around the corner !!!!! 
goin to my brothers house tonight yay cant wait !!!!! 
My 
mom has made me laugh , wiped my tears , hugged me tight , watched me 
succeed , seen me fall , cheered me on , kept me going strong , and drove me 
crazy !! Moms are a promise from God that you will have a friend 
forever ! Put this on your status if you love your mom , whether she's 
... here with you , or in Heaven 
skittles ...... taste the rainbow 
Mickey 
Mouse is in divorce court , and the judge looks at him and says " So you 
want to divorce your wife because you say she's crazy , am I right " ? 
" No , your Honour " Mickey replies . " I want to divorce Minnie because 
she's FUCKING Goofy " !!! 
WY 
IS A CHRISTMAS TREE BETTER THAN A MAN ? IT STAYS UP FOR 30 DAYS & 
NIGHTS , HAS CUTE BALLS & LOOKS GOOD WITH THE LIGHTS ON !!! KEEP THIS 
GOING GIRLS !! 
hink of a memory you and I share then message me the memory don't ask why I'm just bored . 
Of course I'm an angel ... who cares if my wings are black , I have horns and a tainted halo ? I'm still an angel ! 
#7 ur a true friend with good advice .. iknow i can always talk to you . your a beautiful person inside and out , ur a good mom who loves her kids very much and im happy we became friends ... we were sooo crazy together 
^^^^^^^^^^^| 
|The Santa Truck |” " ” ; .., ___ . 
| _______ = ==| _|__| , ] | 
“ (@) ’ (@) ” "" *l'(@)l'(@)**l'(@) 
Christmas is coming ..... Put this as your status and keep the truck going 
Wish 
Heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again . I thought of you 
today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday and days 
before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All 
I have are memories and your picture in a frame . Your memory is a 
keepsake , from which I'll never part . God has you in his arms , I have 
you in my heart . Re-post if you love someone in Heaven . 
i almost cut the tip of my thumb off ... tryin to make homeade hot cocoa 
#81 ... i always looked up to you .. i admired you and still do .. u are a great friend and mother .. we were soo crazy and stupid together ... but those were the fun times .. i miss u sooo much 
#2929 ... you were always a sweet girl and still are ... you give me advice and im able to talk to you .. your an awsome mom and a friend i love you girl 
ooooohhhhhh ahhhhh ... ohhhhhh ahhhhh only at matress giant ohh ahhh 
son will hold your hand for a little whilr . But will hold your heart 
for a lifetime . So very true , I love my son David . Its sons week ... If 
you have a son or son's that make your life worth living by just being 
around them . Them repost this 
Let'ssee who is paying attention . Every one of you are on my friends list , as a result of a conscious decision . I wanted you there ! I'm not only glad to count you as friends , but also family . Let's see who on my friends list actually pays attention . Copy this as your status . I'll ...... be .. watching to see who really does cherish family and ...... ...... friendship . Thank you for being part of my life ! 
well 2011 .. i think ill make my first new years resoultion .... TO LOSE THIS DAMN WEIGHT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! gosh its gonna be hard .... if i slip ... someone kick me in my ASS !!!!!!!!!! 
happy birthday to my husband .. hes the BIG 30 today !!!!! 
awww thanks guys :) 
So fn cold . someone warm me up lol 
#69 .. u know who u r .... soooooo many memories together ... u r an awsome friend ... i remember sitting on ur porch with u and ur mom . and u were and still r a good mom ... love ya girl and i miss the times 
ooooooooooo my stomach !!!!!!! 
At the bus stop 
well my baby boy had his 9 month check up and he weighs 22pounds and is 28 and a half inches tall hes getting sooo big ... maybe he will be a football player or a basketball player when he grows up .. lol 
yay my birthday is in 5 days !!!!!! 
is it wrong to tell my daughter that santa is only coming for her brother cause shes been bad ? then only pull her brothers gifts out ... then when its time tell her that all she got was rocks cause shes been bad ... then later that day pull her gifts out and tell her santa has changed his mind .... 
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE !!!!!!!!!! 
Omg hes having game withdrawl hes getting on my nerves 
man its sooo fn cold !!!!... if i had nuts they would of fallen off by now .. lol BRRRRRRR !!!!!!!! 
soooo my daughter tells me to come look at her care bear , so i go look ... she tells me its her date .. i ask her then why is ur date dressed like a girl ... she tells me well cause im a girl ... i go ok ..... then i tell her girls are supposed to date guys .. then she replies well my date dont like boys ...... i had no reply for that ....... hhmmmmmmm ...???????? 
wow my baby is 10 months old today ... hes getting sooo big and handsome 
3 days till my birthday !!!!!! 
Do any of us really know everybody on our friend list ? Here is a task for you . I want all my FB friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same 
Well comcast took my internet so i wont be on much just through my phone 
yay were moving !!!!!! 
4 days till my birthday !!!!! lol 
4 days till my baby boy is the big 1 !!!!!!! 
HI HO-HI HO ITS OFF TO SMOKE I GO !!!!!!!!!!! 
omg something at mikes work caught on fire 
packing today !!!!!! 
No one will get this right ! My middle name__________ , my age___ , my favorite soda_______ , my full birthday___/___/___ , who's the love of my life______ , my best friend_____ , my favorite color______ , my eye color_______ , my hair color______ my favorite food________and my moms name__________ !!! Put this as your status and see who knows you best .. 
yay im back !!!! 
i like getting poked on facebook cause u never know whos gonna poke u next ... :) 
im sad :( 
imsad :( 
soooo .. lets put the blame on maya ... lets see what he blames me for ... having kids ... not having his bus money ready for him ... not giving it up when he wants it .... i sit on my ass all day and do nothing .. but yet he eats .. hehas clean clothes to wear for work ... he comes home to a clean house .. most of the time ... i wait on him hand in foot ... but what do i get .. NOTHING .... 
i feel so empty inside 
gotta pee ! gotta pee ! gotta pee ! gotta pee ! 
Most of us have at least 200 friends on facebook , but when it comes to needing a friend to talk to how many will actually be there for you ? i can guarantee not even 15 of your facebook friends will like this status . LIKE this status if you will be there for me .. set this as your status and see which friends will be there for you . 
I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND TO THE REPUBLIC FOR WHICH IT STANDS , ONE NATION UNDER GOD , INDIVISIBLE , WITH LIBERTY AND JUSTICE FOR ALL ! MY GENERATION GREW UP RECITING THIS EVERY MORNING IN SCHOOL WITH OUR HANDS OVER OUR HEARTS . THEY NO LONGER DO THAT FOR FEAR OF OFFENDING SOMEONE ! LET'S SEE HOW MANY AMERICANS WILL RE- POST THIS & NOT CARE ABOUT OFFENDING ANYONE 
NEW VIRUS ON FB using YOUR pictures . It says you've been tagged in a picture , wants you to click on a link to see it . Then hacks into YOUR computer & ALL YOUR ACCOUNTS including BANKING & other secure accounts . It DESTROYS YOUR COMPUTER . Once hacked into your comp ; it sends e-mails to your friends telling them they have been TAGGED in ... pics & starts the process again . PLEASE RE-POST URGENT !!! Opens a chat window !!! 
fuck you fuck you fuck you and fuck you fuck youand did i mention fuck you .. 
im not racist i hate everyone equally ... 
i hate him 
stupid eye dr. . 
COPY THIS TO YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU . | 1 . Violent | 2 . Id marry you | 3 . Sweet | 4 . Hot | 5 . Talkative | 6 . Tall | 7 . Fat | 8 . Funny | 9 . Fun | 10 . Perfect | 11 . I loveyou | 12 . Miss you | 13 . Retarded | 14 . Random | 15 . You're the best | 16 . Id date you ! | 17 . Cute | 18 . Gorgeous | 19 . Best friend | 20 . We need to ......... hang out more | 21 . I would die for you :] 
WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH ME ? 
is thinking if somebody invented vibrating tampons women would enjoy their period a lot more !! 
zoo was fun today 
FUCK IM SOOOOOO FUCKING BORED !!!!!!!! THIS SHIT IS DRIVING ME CRAZY !!!!!!! IF I DONT DO SOMETHING OR YEAH ...... IM GONNA STATUS MY SELF TO DEATH !!!! 
hyperness and being bored dont mix ... 
go go power rangers ... u mighty morphin power rangers !!!!! awwwww fuck !!!!!! 
got mad skills like a ninja .... watch out ...... i might just kill ya ...... lol 
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck 
its fun entertaining my self ..... lol 
lalalalala ..... OOOO SHINY !!!!!! 
i wanna go back to the old me ..... maybe .. 
ok ... i have lost my self ... if anyone has found me please let me know .. 
the wild me is wanting to jump out ... 
i wanna get crazy ... i wanna get wild .... i wanna make it worth ur while ... lol 
NEVER TRUST A BUNNY ..... 
HAPPY 4:20 EVERYONE !!!!!!!! 
u know when family dont give a shit about u when they cant call and tell us one of our relatives had passed ... yeah soo much for family 
well my sis is now under a bridge ....... sigh 
my phone is retarded ........ 
its nice to know the friends i called friends before .... dont want nothin to do with me ..... i rest my case .. 
was never meant to be happy ..... 
Like my status and I'll tell you : 1 . How we met . 2 . My first impression of you . 3 . What I like about you . 4 . Favorite memory of you . 5 . But if you like this you must put it as your status ... :) (+ remember , be careful what you ask for ) 
dont click on the what will u look like in the future .. its stupid .. 
ok for all of u who dont like my " SMUT " ... pls comment below .... cause it seems to me that some people dont know how to have a sence of humor ... 
stupid ass people wanna comment on my shit and they dont even know me ... 
hey .. ho .. lets go ... turn to yer left and slap a hoe .... lets go 
smut 
finally got some pics up 
OMG !!!!! my son appearently got into one of my drawers .. he comes down the hallway with one of my bras .. lol and hands it to me ... i guess mommy needs a better bra .. lol 
awww my poor lil man dont feel good :( 
need some mom love ..... damn i miss my mom ... 
i want a tattoo .... 
UNICORNS AND GLITTERRRRRRRRRRR 
i love my unicorn .. his name is bob .. 
is thinking ........ 
any body want any cats ... i have 2 blackcats .. one is male hes a lil over a yr .. and i have a 7 month old kitten female .. shes blind .. 
WOOT WOOT !!! going to pasadena today ...... @ strawberry park ... 
awwww my lil mike D just said sissy !!!!! i love him soooo much 
noooooo .... qwartni's last day of school .... but at the same time im happy .. i can spend some extra time with her .. :) 
YAY MY BABY GIRL PASSED TO THE 2ND GRADE !!!!!!!! IM SO HAPPY ... SHES GROWING UP SOOO FAST !!!!! 
soooo my daughter just saw the scooter store commerical and turns to look at me and says u know mommy i think u need a scooter chair and i go why ???? she says cause ur an old mom ...... gosh i can just feel the love she gives me ... lol :) 
gotta take my baby boy to dr today .. he sick poor lil man .... 
can any one tell me how to spell HIGH CHAIR FOR SALE in spanish ??? 
rat tat tat tat on ur dum dum drum the beat so phat gonna make me come um , um , um , um ....... got that stuck in my head .. 
Did you know that those who appear to be really strong .. really are the most sensitive ? Did you know that those who spend all their time protecting others ... sometimes really need someone to protect them ? Did you know that hardest thing to say is : Help me .. ? Put it on your status if you agree ... 
Karma's a b ! tch . So I'm stocking up on popcorn , candy , & soda so I can enjoy the show while yours comes back to bite you in the a$$ 
gfjhgjhgjhgig , vfkjdfljyfilyt;iufdoyhp'ou[uh uig8gt08gty8t75ed 8go bm bhg89fgh7 ; uigl97fryhfgfg 
Let's see who truly reads my status .... You and I wake up in a police car together . Using 4 words only , what would you say to me ? Note : if you comment you must copy and paste this to your status so I can comment on yours as well ! Be a good egg and play along ( 4 words are harder than you think ! ) .... 
back frm dr. ..... fucking HOTTTT outside !!!!!!!! 
my tummy dont feel good ........ :( 
HOLY COW !!!!!! I HAVENT SLEPT TILL 7 IN A LONG TIME !!!! now thats what i call over sleeping ... lol 
well off to go give my pillow some head and my sheets some ass .... good night every one ...... :) 
FUCK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! im sooooooooooooooo borrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrred ........ entertain me ...........!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
peek a boo ...... i see u ..... 
fuck fuck fuck a duck ... fuck em in his ass ... let him quack for some crack .. and do it all again ..... hehe yeah im bored .. 
BREAKING NEWS : The Pity Train has just derailed at the intersection of Suck It Up & Move On , and crashed into We All Have Problems , before coming to a complete stop at Get the Hell Over It . Any complaints about how we operate , can be forwarded to 1-800-waa-waah with Dr. Sniffle Reporting LIVE from Quitchur Bitchin ' . If you like this , re-post it . If you don't ... suck it up cupcake ! : 
OMG !!!!! WORDS CANNOT EXPRESS HOW ANGRY I AM RIGHT NOW !!!!! METRO BUS DRIVERS ARE SOOO FUCKING RUDE ...... MICKEY D'S WORKERS ARE AS STUPID AS ALL GET OUT .... HOW IN THE FUCK DO THEY GET A JOB !!!!! AND PEOPLE NEED TO GET OFF THEIR FUCKING PHONES WHILE DRIVING CAUSE THEY DONT PAY ATTENTION TO SHIT ... ALMOST GOT RAN THE FUCK OVER AT A RED LIGHT !!!!! A FUCKING RED LIGHT ... I HAD THE FUCKING RIGHT AWAY !!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHH 
well great .... mike is at home sick today ..... that mean im going to get sick AGAIN ... 
my daughter is blowing bubbles in the rain ..... YAY FOR RAIN !!!!!!!! 
There are days when i hate being me but then i smile because am not you 
My mom called my name , not my cell . I played outside with my friends not online . If I didn't eat what my mom cooked then I didn't eat . Sanitizer didn't exist , but I could get my mouth washed out with soap . I rode a bike without a helmet . When I was naughty I got whooped . Getting dirty was ok ! And the neighbors cared just as much as my parents did . Re-post if you drank from a garden hose as a kid and survived !!! 
Think about this for a minute ... if I showed up on your doorstep crying , would you care ? If I called and asked you to come pick me up because something happened , would you come ? If I had one day left to live my life ... would you like to be part of it ? If I needed a shoulder to cry on , would you loan me yours ? Life is lonely without friends ... it's worlds best friend week ... if you agree repost ...! 
" URGENT !!! FB friends , some applications are sending porno messages under some of YOUR/MY names . If you don't want to get in trouble ... with your friends , copy & paste this message ! If you receive a " nasty " ( porno ) message from ME , I'm NOT the one who sent it . Most come from a video clip or a post saying " ANSWERED A QUESTION ABOUT YOU . " Please DO NOT go into the SITE ! Re-post this to your status to warn others 
i will be giving away kittens soon ... my kitten just had kittens last night .. 5 black ones .. any takers ??? 
OMG ... this girl is driving me crazy !!!!! 
who needs real family when u got some fake ass bitches who cant take the time of day 
im through with family .. 
well looks like its just me mike , michael and qwartni on her birthday once again for the 3 rd year in a row ... soo fuck everybody .... 
It's official .. signal at 12 ; 20 it even passed on tv . Facebook will start charging this summer . If you copy this on your wall your icon will turn blue and facebook will be free for you . Please pass this message if not your count will be deleted . p.s , this is serious the icon turns blue , So please put this on your wall ! 
wants to move out of texas .. change my phone ... and the hell witheverybody .. 
soooo whats for breakfast ????? 
THAT FUCKING BITCH SHOULD OF GOT THE DEATH PENALTY .... IT MAKES ME SICK TO MY STOMACH KNOWING PEOPLE CAN GET AWAY WITH MURDER ... COMES TO SHOW U HOW FUCKED UP OUR SYSTEM IS .. 
my prayers have been answered .... 
:) 
having fun at my brothers house 
back in houston ... i miss them all ready , 
well today is my oldest sons birthday .. he would of been 8 ... i love u dante . 
today is my baby girls b-day she is the big 7 !!!!!! 
going to a baby shower tomorrow and having qwartni's birthday party sunday .. busy busy weekend .. :) 
birthday party today ... busy day :) 
yesterday my son was throwing his cup at daddy ... mike turned to look at me and before u know it i hear from mike " AHH MY NUTS !!! " . my daughter ... '' what r nuts ? '' " where are your nuts mommy ? " ... lotfrmfao !!!!!!! 
wow ... i think i failed as a parent ........ 
going to go rob heb of their food today .. be back later 
well got back from my baby girls dr appt again .. but she had to get her blood drawn today .. poor baby ;( 
Have a personal reason to ask you to do this . Only some of you will , and I know who you are . If you know someone who fought Cancer and won , or fought Cancer and died , please add this as your status for for 1 hour as a mark of respect and a sign of remembrance . I hope I was right about the people who will do it . 
soooooo ..... amy winehouse ..... shes dead ... 
gonna go rape my bed .. good night :) 
There are moments in life when you wish you could bring someone down from Heaven ... and spend the day with them just one more time , give them one more hug , kiss them goodbye or hear their voice again . One more chance to say I Love you . Copy and paste in remembrance of our loved ones who are not here ... gone but not forgotten 
roll , roll , roll a joint twist it at the end , light it up take a puff and pass it to a friend .. 
sittin here ......... bored off my fucking fat white ass !!!!!!!! entertain me plzzzzzz !!!!! lol 
good night facebook fuckers ... gonna go give my sheets some ass and my pillow some head ... its gonna be a wild night ... hehe ... dame pervs .. lol 
PLEASE ! let me know if i have disrespected any of my " facebook fuckers " with my throwed off sense of humor . lol .. please comment ... cause it appears i dont respect any of u guys .. 
YAY GOING TO SYKORA'S BIRTHDAY PARTY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i want a tatoo and peircing am so ready for one 
Okay .. I'm changing this up a bit ... After a wild party we wake up in bed together ... using 5 words what would be the first thing you would say to me ... this is harder than you think , and words are tricky ... the catch .. you have to copy and paste so I can reply on yours ! Enjoy 
i am mellow ..... yellow ... hehe 
i am mayapapaya !!! get that right .. 
Click " like " if you are glad you met me . Put as your status and see how many you get 
repost : Amy Winehouse dies and media goes crazy . Justin Allen 23 , Brett Linley 29 , Matthew Weikert 29 , Justus Bartett 27 , Dave Santos 21 , Jesse Reed 26 , Matthew Johnson 21 , Zachary Fisher 24 , Brandon King 23 , Christopher Goeke 23 , and Sheldon Tate 27 .... Are all Marines that gave their lives this week for you . There is no media for them ... not even a mention of their names . Honor THEM by posting this ! 

Also the Navy Seal crash ! 
Send me a number in my inbox and I will write what I really think about you on my page . Never know what I am really thinking of you . Yes I am bored 
Dad buys a LIE DETECTOR ROBOT which slaps people when they lie . He decides to test it at dinner . " Son , where were you today ? " The son says " at school dad . " Robot slaps the son ! " Ok , I watched a dvd at my friends house ! " " What dvd ? " " Toy story . " Robot slaps the son again ! " Ok , it was a porno " cries the son . Dad yells " What ! When I was your age I didn't know what porn was ! " Robot then slaps the dad ! Mom laughs " HaHaHa ! He's certainly YOUR son . " Robot then slaps the mom !!!! 
have to laugh at people who are against spanking . My parents whipped my ass like there was no tomorrow .. . I didn't hate them .. I didn't have trust issues with them because of it ... I didn't fear them ... But I darn sure respected them ! And I learned what my boundaries were , and knew what would happen if I broke them I wasn't abused , I was disciplined .... * Re-post if you got your ass smacked and survived it . YEP ! 
lalala do da do .. maya .... is freakin awsome ... 
ahhhhh meds r kickin in ........ o . 0 
off to go shower be back in a bit 
yup ..... meds r kickin in ... now to listen to sum music 
lalala ... do da do .... maya ..... feels GREAT !!!! 
peek a boo ..... i see you ... 
has spent the last hour sorting M&M's in alphabetical order (: 
I not only fall down the stairs , I trip up them as well and manage to slip on the floor and go sliding down the hall and into the toilet !! now that's talent ! 
shhhhhh ... dont tell ..... 
i have kids for sell ...... 
512762149351276214935127621493hehe 
FACEBOOK has 5 new viruses 1 . Get 5000 FBK credits ( Zynga games ) DO NOT OPEN IT . 2 . If you get a notification that a friend reported you for offensive behavior DO NOT OPEN IT 3 . If you get a notice of a photo tag DO NOT OPEN it . 4 . Message from ya mates chat saying click this link DO NOT OPEN IT 5 . Crash at Alton Towers DO NOT OPEN IT . These are bad viruses and will crash your computer . RE-POST and WARN OTHERS 
....... i laugh at the people who think they can insult me by calling me a freak ...... they just have noooooo idea ..... lol 
oh yea forgot to mention ....... very good dinner tonight ....... brisket , homeade biscuits , ranch style beans , corn , mashed potatoes ..... and for desert .. vanilla ice cream with chocolate fudge swirled in with mini chocolate peanut butter cups ..... awsome :) 
Some people come into our lives and leave footprints on our hearts :: Others come into our lives and make us wanna leave footprints on their face . 
is a giant midget 
When you walk through life with a dirty mind , the simplest things seem funny . 
The next time someone annoys you so much you just wanna slap em and cant because u get in trouble then just slap em wherever and say " Mosquito " and turn away 
so my doctor just swabbed my throat , and she looked up in surprise when i had no gag reflex . yea , she just judged me . 
im sick ,, stupid heat 
how do i set up a goggle plus acct .? 
Change is a funny thing . We are never quite sure what we are becoming , or why . Then one day we look at ourselves and wonder who we are , and how we got there 
hehe I'm a fairy leprechaun ninja bear . Roar ! 
Shh , Those ninja penguins are hiding in my closet 
PLEASE post this as your status if you know someone who has been eaten by Penguins . Penguins are nearly unstoppable and , when hungry , also breathe fire . 71% of people won't copy this into their status because they have already been eaten by Penguins . Another 28% won't because they are hiding in their showers with fire extinguishers awaiting the coming Penguinapocalypse . The remaining 1% are badass & will re-post . 
is very pleased with herself ... I just finished a puzzle in four months and it said three to five years ! Yay me !!! 
I love driving people crazy , it's part of my charm . 
Has ADHOLS ... Attention Deficit Hyperactive-OH LOOK SHINY ! 
you may think that I am quiet . Just you wait , there is a crazy girl inside that is just waiting to escape . Muahahahahahaha ! 
The monsters in my closet only come out when I'm sleeping because they are afraid of me . Sometimes I jiggle the doorknob just for fun . 
fixing to go meet my baby girl's 2nd grade teacher ... yay !!!! 
Urgent !! For all parents , Nestle is asking for everyone to return all BANANA BABY FOOD expiring 2012 because they may contain glass . Please copy and paste for all babies safety . Bar-code 7613033089 73 , even if your not a parent please copy you could save a baby's life ! 
Two hillbillies are having lunch when a woman seated nearby begins to choke . Hillbilly asks her , " kin ya swallar ? " The woman shakes her head no . Hillbilly asks her " kin ya breathe ? " Woman shakes her head no . Hillbilly walks over , lifts up her dress , yanks down britches and licks her butt cheek . The woman has a violent spasm and spits out food . The hillbillies ' buddy says " ya know , I heerd of that there hind lick maneuver but I aint niver seed nobody do it " ..... re-post if ya laughed 
If you were raised on Hee Haw , Sonny and Cher , and you played in the dirt , got your butt busted , had 3 TV channels & school started with the " Pledge " , had a bedtime , rode in back of pickup trucks , recorded the top 40 from the radio on cassette tapes , drank from a hose , played in the creek , rode your bike all day without a helmet ... and you still turned out ok , then re-post !!! That to me was fun times !! 
year : 1995 
age : 10 
place of birth : houston tx 
best friend : amanda olbera 
my fav thing to do : play power rangers with my best friend and play pogs 
click " like " and ill send u a year :) 
got my baby off to school !!!! YAY !!! now just one more kid to go .. lol 
You're at a strip club .... use the first six people on your friends list in your 
profile ! 
The pole dancer : allie maddux 
Bartender : alvin hammer 
..... Person who tries to get you drunk : amanda damiano 
Hottest person in the room : amanda myles sartor 
Drunk person in the corner : amanda olbera 
Person that gets arrested : anthony imm 
To all you guys who " sag " your pants and show your butt and underwear ... did you know it originated in prison ? 
It was a signal to the other MEN that you are " available " . 
So if you wanna keep going around looking like your " available " for another dude to " tap that " ... then keep thinking your cool while I think you look like a Fool !!! 
RE-Post if you agree ... BTW it's called PBS ( Prison B*tch Syndrome 
The fat yellow penguin is eating all my red squirrels I'm so mad because the pixies aren't doing anything about it at least i would call my ninja monkey friends 
Most disturbing and questionable Nursery Rhyme- " Rub-A-Dub-Dub , three men in a tub " Need I say more ?? 
Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Twinkle Twinkle little star and ABC have the same tune ... 
LOL I bet you just checked 
The voices in my head told me to tell u something very important . WATCH OUT FOR THE PURPLE SPARKLY SPOTTED PENGUIN NINJA ENTHUSIASTS ! 
has eaten so many skittles , i'm peeing rainbows 
WOO HOO ... i lost 10lbs sweating my ass off in this heat .... the price u pay for not having a car ... lol 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MOM I LOVE AND MISS YOU ! 
The Weather Channel says yesterday's east coast earthquake was caused by a previously unknown fault line running under our nation's capitol is now being called Obama's Fault , although Obama will likely say it's really Bush's Fault . Other theories are that the turbulence was our founding fathers rolling over in their graves or more likely , that what we believed to be an earthquake was actually the catastrophic effect of a single 14.6 trillion dollar check bouncing . 
bit me ... that is all .. 
fuck ...... 
¯`v´¯) 
` *.¸.* ´ 
¸ . •´ ¸ . • *¨) ¸ . • *¨) 
(¸ . •´(¸ . • (¸ . •´¸¸ . •¨¯`• . ¸¸ .? PLEASE Re-post this heart prayer balloon for all the families along the Eastern coast of the US as they get ready for hurricane Irene !! God bless & keep them all safe !!! Please stay safe my dear friends . 
Washing clothes in the heat . im bored text me . 
If you need me I'll be up on the clouds , riding a pink elephant and laughing at a blue rabbit with a crack addiction . Silly rabbit , crack is for kids . 
Says I'm that kind of person that could get run over ... by a parked car ! 
You wouldn't understand !! You don't have a goat ... 
; if you see a person riding a tricycle around the block singing " I'm a big kid know " than its me don't worry ! 
is in shape . Round's a shape , isn't it ? 
not a good morning ..... grrrrr 
had this headache for 4 days now ...... :( 
WHAT THE FUCK HAPPENED TO MY MUSIC LINKS ????? 
someone ..... plz send me a new head ... mine hurts bad .... i dislike .. 
? A mom thinks about her child , even if they're not with her . 
? A mom loves her child in a way that they will never understand . 
? A mom will be there for her child when no one else will . 
? A mom loves her child even when they neglect and hurt her . 
? A mom will catch a grenade , take a bullet , stand in front of a train & ask God to take her instead of her child . 
? If you have children that you love as much as I love mine , you will re-post 
im 2 weeks and im craving crunchie 
well time to go get my baby girl frm school ..... even though my head is freakin pounding .. 
blah .... 
OMG !!!! after 4 days my headache has eased up .... aint gone all the way yet ... but yay .. 
FACEBOOK = 
The place where people add you as a friend & walk past you in the street . Where relationships are perfect , affairs are started , & liars believe they are telling the truth . Your enemies visit your profile the most , yet your friends & family block you , & even though you write what you are really thinking , someone always takes it the wrong way , & people think your status is about them ... 
Knelt down this morning . God asked me , My child what can I do for you ? I said : Dear Heavenly Father , please protect and bless the person reading this . The Lord smiled and answered , request granted ! Be kinder than necessary ~ for everyone you meet is fighting some kind of battle . 93 percent won't re-post this , but it would be an honor and a pleasure to see if you are amongst the 7 percent who will .? 
Oh you ask ... do I work ? Uh yes , I am a Mom ! That makes me an alarm clock , a cook , a maid , a waitress , a teacher , a nanny , a nurse , a handyman , a security officer , a photographer , a counselor , a chauffeur , a lifelong student , an event planner , a personal assistant , an ATM & comforter . I don't get holidays , sick pay or day's off . I work through the DAY & NIGHT . I am on call at ALL hour's the rest of my life . Post if you are a PROud MOM THIS IS SO TRUE 
A 7yr old and a 4yr old are upstairs in their bedroom . " I think it's time we started swearing , " says the 7 year old . " When we go down for breakfast , I'll swear first then you . " " OK " says 4yr old . Mom asks 7yr old what he wants for breakfast " Guess I'll have some damn Coco Puffs . " WHACK , he flew out his chair crying his eyes out . Mom looks at 4yr old and says sternly " And what do you want for breakfast ? " " I don't know , " he blubbers , " but you can bet your ass it wont be Coco Puffs ! 
I NEED A HUG !!!! To give me a hug please click " Like " under this post , then copy and share to your status . I believe that I know who will want to hug me , and those who won't ! Remember that once you click on " Like " , you must re post this status on your wall . Sure will be interesting to see how many of my friends will give me a hug by liking this post . ( Don't be shy , hugs are great ! 
My son broke my computer .. im sad . 
im so bored without my comp .. sigh .... text me someone .. 
Grrr .. comp will be home ina few days ... 
Fuck ...... 
Why cant i have a moment in life where everything is good 
Well one good thing ... comp comes home tonight .. 
sometimes i just wanna go back in time and stop myself from making the stupid mistakes that got me here today . 
whats on my mind ????? u dont wanna know ...... 
another day same shit .. 
MY PRAYERS GO OUT TO STEPH AND CHRIS AND THEIR FAMILIES !!!!!!! 
fixin to clean house 
The girl you just called fat ? She's overdosing on diet pills . The girl you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting make up on hoping people will like her . The boy you just tripped ? He is abused enough at home . See that man with the ugly scars ? He fought for his country . That guy you just made fun of for crying ? His mother is dying . Put this as your status if you're against bullying . I bet 95% of you won't re-post , but i'm sure the people with a heart and backbone will 
i need my cards read again ... 
Read this in silence !.. Thank you Lord for everything . Forgive me of all of my sins .. Heal me from the hurts from my past .. I love You and need You !! Cover me with Your precious and Holy Blood , my family , my friends , my life projects ... Give me Your dreams Lord . Bless and protect everyone that seeks You , needs You and believes in You . If you love God and you are not ashamed of Him , put this on your wall for a day and you will see what He will do . 
idk who i am or where i belong anymore ... 
gotta go pick up house 
time to go get my kid 
nap time for my kid .. yay 
I suppose that at the right distance , right lighting , right angle , and if you squint just a lil ' bit , I AM PRETTY DAMN SMOKIN ' HOT ! ;) 
OMG !!! OMG !! 
Im booorrred .... 
Well off to go give my pillow some head and my bed some ass ... nite 
A mother passing by her daughter's bedroom was astonished to see the bed was nicely made and everything was picked up . Then she saw an envelope propped up prominently on the center of the bed . It was addressed , " Mom . " With the worst premonition , she opened the envelope and read the letter with trembling hands : Dear Mom : It is with great regret and s ... orrow that I'm writing you . I had to elope with my new boyfriend because I wanted to avoid a scene with Dad and you . I've been finding real passion with him and he is so nice-even with all his piercings , tattoos , beard , and his motorcycle clothes . But it's not only the passion Mom , I'm pregnant and he said that we will be very happy . He already owns a trailer in the woods and has a stack of firewood for the whole winter . He wants to have many more children with me and that's now one of my dreams too . He taught me that marijuana doesn't really hurt anyone and we'll be growing it for us and trading it with his friends for all the cocaine and ecstasy we want . In the meantime , we'll pray that science will find a cure for AIDS so he can get better ; he sure deserves it !! Don't worry Mom , I'm 15 years old now and I know how to take care of myself . Someday I'm sure we'll be back to visit so you can get to know your grand children . Your daughter , Judith ... PS : Mom , none of the above is true . I'm over at the neighbor's house . I just wanted to remind you that there are worse things in life than my report card that's in my desk center drawer . I love you ! Call when it is safe for me to come home !! 
My son busted my lip 
I'm fixin ' to tell you something about being Southern : Being Southern doesn't mean that I'm not well educated . I may say ' ain't ' and ' y'all ' and ' honey ' , " bless a lot of hearts " , and I might even ' piddle ' around . I'll greet you with a big " howdy " . I might refer to my grocery cart as a ' buggie ' and by golly that's okay ! I'm polite and say " mam and sir " . And if you hear a Southern gal say " Oh Hell no " , youd better run !! If you're proud to be Southern click like ' right smack dab ' on my status , and then go over ' yonder ' and copy and paste to your status ! 
sitting here with my chunk-a-dunk 
