gotta work at 6 :( so not in the mood to go . text me :) 
school tomorrow :P off to go dosummoin else . text :) 
ugh hella tired i need sleep but i never can :/ 
yuck leavin for school :P 
homework time :p 
seriously like wtf 
school time :P 
this weekend is guna suck :( 
Things really cant get much worse between us :( i feel hella sick . long night 
its sunny :) 
kait and cassy are the douche bags ! 
just great . i try to make things better . but no cant seem to work with what i have to say . wants he wants nothing this sucks :( 
weekends guna be great :) starts tursday night ends tuesday night :) hit me up if your trying to kick it 
ugh school time :p being grounded sucks 
im going crazy sitting in this stupid house ! :( 
This sucks . I hate it here :P supposed to go to a meeting but cant . Anyone wanna stop by for a lil ? :) Im bored . an cant make my cookies since we have no freaking vanilla 
ugh been up since 5am :( been filing stupid paperwork since like 9 . mondays suck ! 
ungrounded ! :) 
ugh cant sleep :/ 
hella bored sitting at home . anyone trying to kick it ? hit up the cell :) 
need new music . what are some good artists/bands ??? 
hmm food .. hopefully we have some . 
ugh i hope i get the car . i really hope my mom can talk them down ! 
i need a job ! anyone know any place thats hiring ? 
Done with all my work here at work ... Now what to do ? Only an hour and a half to go . Then maybe the gym ? :) Text 
The sun is going away :( 
Cant wait for tomorrow :) 
Everyone is moving away :( 
Cooool ... ugh whatever 
Well todays guna suck .. 
so summer sucks already .. cold and nothing to do . hopefully it gets better . 
I like how some people think that they are the only person that ever does anything for others . 
ha so i just found out my soccer teams name is sharks ? never knew this 
i widh there was a button or somthing that could make time speed up a little 
Folk Life ! whose going today ? hit me up :) 
Lightening but no thunder ? 
Its a common mistake for people to forget things . no one is perfect . people cant remember every single thing . someti 
es they need reminders . 
No phone . Moms a stupid bitch . Took it cause i was filling out applications instead of working on my CE cause thats what she asked me to do . Super fucking lame . cant wait to get out of here 
I just dont care :) 
So bored :( 
ugh dont wanna walk to the bus stop its raining :( 
Im a bitch ? coooll :) 
coming back into the area tomorrow :) staying the night at kaits !! cant wait havent seen her in two weeks ! 
Kelsie is over :) 
Bored . hit me up . might be going to folk life sometime 
i just looove beeing back at my moms ... not . bitch bitch bitch . how bout shut up and leave me alone for once . cant wait till i can move out of here 
what to do before i leave .. 
Waay to early , and melisssa has already pissed me off only been here for an hour ! Its gunna be a great day at work .. 
i hate annoying people that should just not talk when they dont get whats going on 
bored . text me :) smoke then hopefully sleep tonight ! 
i need a car :( cant wait till i can get one 
anytihng going on tonight ? hit me up looking for something fun to do :) 
the puppy is free ! her name is bella 
ugh now i feel sick again :( but im sooo bored . and my mom wont let me leave this sucks . someone come over or text me :) about to get off 
Anyone want a 6month old white girl pitbully puppy ? cant have cats 
what to do today ? hit me up and lets do something fun ! :) 
maybe the zoo ? :) 
seriously day just sucks . cant wait till later meeting with grady :) 
I cant read minds .. fuck seriously ? 
Todays gunna be great .. :( 
Gunna watch the first Alice in Wonderland ever made .. Its from 1951 ! haha 
ha wow .. so the first Alice in Wonderland was weird . It had hella bad graphics and shit . and the cartoon part was like creep clay creatures haha 
KAIT i have a few more pics on my myspace from my phone of today if you want them . ima move them to here soon lol 
yay getta come back today !! :) there isnt anythikng for me to do and my aunt wont even be in the office all day 
Todays guna be great ;) 
Ahh how i hate school :P Dont wanna go 
I need a job so I can get a seasons pass for snowboarding ! I just need a job period anyone know of any place hiring ?! Please let me know :) 
The world can bring some crazy things . But remember everything happens for a reason :) 
hopefully everything works out tonight ! 
My step dad is a fucking dick . Cant wait till i can move out so i dont have to listen to him anymore 
well gunna go do something more productive . text :) hit me up tomorrow if your trying to do something ! 
Day two is officially complete :) 
Got an interview tomorrow ! :) 
ugh bored . i hate sitting at home all day sick . now i feel fine . will be in the area a little bit tomorrow . lets kick it :) 
Attack of the Mutant ;) 
sooooo bored ! this computer is taking forever to save files so i cant even move on with my work . i guess its kinda a good thing im getting paid to sit on my ass :) but its super boring . text me :) 
I think I do .. I think I dont .. I think I just dont know .. What do I do ? 
This summer sucks . Two bestfriends down . . Which one of my friends is next ? 
Im guna miss you girl . I love you ! 
Sooo bored . I hate sitting at home 
I hate the rain . I dont wanna do soccer today . Summer is practically over :( 
Last day working at Party City !!! :) 
Going back to Brunette ! 
ugh bored . and cant sleep :P what to do ? 
Still up . I wonder if i can make it till tomorrow morning . Bet i can 
sooo i keep forgetting i come back into the area on wednesdays now instead of friday :) so i getting my tattoo when i come back :) 
Does anyone know of any places hiring ?? 
Todays gunna be good :) 
i need peoples numbers . my phone deleted all of mine . so send me a text or summin ! :) 
ugh i hate fucking scanners . i just scanned like 300 papers and only 61 showed up 
Intake sucks . Super boring . 
About to head to Folk Life . Third day ! Hit me up if you go :) 
yay coming back into mill creek area today !! :) 
Permette fumare una ciotola :) man i so wish i could haha 
leaving for camping with karisa soon ! :) should be fun ! no phone service o well haha 
Karisa è folle poophead ma ho ancora suo amante :) ( italian ) 
at karisas :) its been nice being back !! 
Where oh where could he be ? 
ugh back in tacoma for the week :P hope it goes by quick . cant wait for the weekend fun night :) 
i always seem to get myself into situations i really dont wanna be in :( and everything seems to always happen at once 
getting off early cause theres nothin to do :) gunna try to get out of my hair cut so i can get back into the area quicker ! :) 
Meetings feel good :) its been awhile 
ugh its to early . Cant wait to get off tho so i can come back . But gotta take the bus from bellevue :( that shit sucks 
Christina !!! im leaving in 20 min to go to the ferry to come see you !! :D 
Ugh working at GNC is sooooo boring people barely come into this place . If your at the mall come say hi ! I'm just sitting here hella bored . 
Get 40 hours next week :) 
karisa is singing in the shower hahahaha man have i missed her ! 
They took him away . :( fuck you ____ you ruined my life . Look after your own family and stay out of my life . seriously . you didnt help what so ever . you made everything 10000 times worse . screw you 
Stupid bitch ruined my life . Im not your kid stay out of my business and look after your own 
Nothing can ever go right . Dropped my phone in the fucking toilet so now it doesnt work . Stuck in tacoma with no phone sucks . Cant talk to anyone :( 
Thinking of tatto ideas is way to difficult . 
Work is boring . Absolutley nothing to do and i feel sick so it makes being stuck here evn worse :/ cant wait till tomorrow though getting off work and coming back into the area :) 
So what is it that we are doing tomorrow ?! :) 
Any parties tonight ? 
I wanna cig . I needa quit tho . cut back heeeellla tho ! :) 
Jonathons funny to watch when you have head phones in . Hes just jumping around with his hand motions . 
Finally got some sleep :) 
first day working ... waaay to early ! 
hmm bored . gunna go eat my bordom away .. taquitoes finished cooking . text me ! 
yay getta leave the office for lunch :) 
cant wait for the weekend :) 
ugh dont feel good and im stuck here at work with nothing to do for another 5 hours :( 
Today sucks . 
Just three more hours till im off ! I dunno if i can make it that long . Im about to die of boredom , there is absolutely nothing to do . 
today was a pretty good day :) cant wait till tomorrow tho it will be even better :) 
i hate not being able to talk normal or eat solid food i cant wait for the swelling to go down . 
At karisas :) 
Only need a credit to graduate . Ill be outa here in two months :) 
Wish there was more to do . Sitting at home sucks . 
Why do the free movies on-demand always have to suck ? 
First soccer game today :) 
eating lunch then getting off work early to go to the zoo ! :) ha i love my job at times 
Lets all get drunk tonight :) 
I wanna go snow boarding ! Needa find a job or someway to get money . Anyone know of any place biring ? 
Gotta take the bus from here Tacoma to Lynnwood . Ima get lost haha . Its 6 dollars to ride the fucking bus . Its supposed to be cheaper then driving . Its bullshit they got rid of the transfers . 
Intake starts friday . :P Then first day is the 22 . 
Coming back for good tomorrow :) Lets hang out do something fun ? Cept theres not shit to do in stupid mill creek . 
Ahh i need a job . not having one sucks . and i needa figure out what im guna do when i finish school i about 4 months . :P 
I love waking up when its sunny it puts me in a great mood :) Todays guna be good , at least i think so 
Dont you just love being ignored ? 
Ugghh time is going by waaaay to slow . Still two more freaking hours ! 
so tired but cant sleep . like usual 
ugh slept to much now i cant sleep :p cant wait till morning hopfully guna find something fun to do . but that never really works out 
Off to soccer In the rain woohoo ! 
Yay :) finally !! took like 30 times haha 
Tired of waiting around . Going to go find something to do . 
sooooooooooooooooo fucking bored . oh my time is going by so damn slow !! only an hour left here tho . 
I dont gotta work tomorrow . Getta come back today . awesome :) paychecks guna be small but oh well . 
Another night of no sleep . 
My house has no food . :P 
Lovin the sun :) 
text//message ? I need some entertainment bored as shit got nothing to do here at work 
yay ! getting out of the office going to lunch :) not even hungry tho been eating snack food to kill boredom . haha 
So i should see if i can wake up at 7 tomorrow to help me get ready for when i start school . ha thats a joke . ill be wakin up at 2 most likely 
First day at work today . work till 1030 . Got 7.5 hours my first day and every other day this week cept friday and saturday . Its super boring tho . People come in an buy shit ! I work at the GNC in the alderwood mall . 
Just two more days working here then moving back for good . Gotta go job hunting again :( Anyone know anywhere hiring ?? 
What is there to do to pass time ?? Im about to go crazy . someone come pick me up ill give you gas money :) 
We lost . and my knees are bleeding . oh well theres always next game 
Bitch Bitch Bitch . Is that all you can ever do ? Like seriously I'm a fucking adult I would like to be treated like one someday . But thats never gunna happen with my mom . Ugh . 
Just got a call , hopefully i get the job :) 
What to do today ? Lets kick it :) hit me up 
With Christina ! And Karisas guna come over so her and Christina can talk and make up . yay todays guna be good :) 
It looks like ima be couch hopping for awhile :( unless my grandma will let me move into her place 
Lunch :) 
FML . What am i going to do for four hours ! There isnt shit to do here and Im about to die of boredom . 
Gotta new puppy ! :) 
Its hot . lets go to the beach :) 
This sucks . Nothing to do . I hate Washington and its rain . 
I hate looking for jobs . I just needa finish school then i have one practically lined up . 
So hooka bars are pretty tight 
Soaking wet I hate the rain :/ 
LooneyToons are on tv . I havent seen them in forever . 
Ugh I feel like shit and I have soccer today :P 
Anyone know of any place hiring ? 
Never being able to sleep sucks . 
With bryant and alex ! Im lovin the sun i wish it was always like this . 
I wanna make cookies . Buuut my house never has the stuff i need . :( 
People suck . Take to long . :P 
How do you block certain people so they cant read any of your stuff ? 
Saying goodbye to a bestfriend sucks :( 
Just three more days of in take :) Then i start school on the 23rd . 
So many kids from jackson are now at sequoia .. :P 
Anyone know any places that are hiring ?? Please let me know :) 
Todays been an awesome girls day with Kelsie Myers and Christina Lindh . Its been much needed . Now were at Christinas momma playing sorry :) 
Just got off with garr and bryant :) 
Finished my work early . This sucks . now i dont got shit to do for another like 30 minutes . Then just 20 minutes left till i getta leave this place . :) 
ust 
Just saw Jackass 3D . That shit was gross but hella funny 
Got the job ! Start monday :) 
I only have one class at school starting thursday . I love my school :) 
Going to pick up Kelsie . Then having another girls day with her and Christina . Dinner and hot tubbin :) 
Ugh parents are dumb . All they do it bitch and bitch some more . 
Leaving for work in bit . guna be a long day 
I hate CE . I wish we didnt have to do it . 
ugh i needa car 
With Christina :) about to head out into the snow . Kelsies coming soon too :) 
might be gettin a car this sunday :) 
Just went to dinner with my parents and Bryant . That was interesting . lol 
Go away and everything will be fine :) 
Why do people from your past that left that you never wanted to let go of always pop up and start talking to you when your life is complicated ? haha 
I need a job :P 
Ugh people are annoying me and I ate to many cookies . I just wanna go home and sleep . 
Sick :/ 
Crystal mountain opens tomorrow and Baker opens saturday ! The rest open sometime later but soon ! I'm so excited ! I can't wait till I can go snowboarding :) Just needa get the title to my car hopefully that comes soon and save some extra cash :) 
Going to look at appartments and finish christmas shopping this weekend ! Can't wait :) 
Leaving tomorrow at 12 be back in 30 days 
Ugh soo bored . Lunch at school sucks . Wish I had a cig ! 
I cant stand my family . Every single person always has to bitch at me about something and none of them believe a word that comes out of my mouth . Got out of my parents house but my grandmas isnt much better . I need to move out asap . 
Got A new number ! message me and ill give it to you :) 
Why cant people just answer their fucking phone ? This whole thing sucks . :( im so worried . 
Moving out on the 14th ! :) 
ugh sooo freaking bored ! There is never shit to do . And job hunting sucks . Anyone know of any place hiring ? 
LCBB tonight :) 
I really need a job . And a car that runs :( moving to lake forest park on the 15th and my house isnt anywhere near a bus stop . Deffinatly need a car soon ! 
Todays kinda sucked . People piss me off :P 
I need a job like now ! I have too much free time to do nothing . :P 
I am so bored . Stuck inside when its sunny out cause i have no money for the bus :P 
Why is life so boring ? I seriously need something to do . Im so freaking bored ! 
coool ... knew this was guna happen . Just like always .. 
There is never shit to do ! 
Its sunny :) What to do today ?? 
Got a job ! :) 
Life might be starting to fall into place ? Just maybe .. 
I seriously need a car :P 
:( Blahh 
I wanna come home . I hate it here 
Fuck snitches . Seriously . People need to keep my business out of their fucking mouths and worry about their own lives and stop fucking up mine 
No more phone so if you ever need to get ahold of me message me on here . 
Got my phone turned back on :) 
Thanks everyone for the Birthday wishes :) 
I miss the old days and how things used to be .. :/ 
Cant sleep :/ Been up for hours 
Can never do anything right . Literally impossible for me . 
Work is so boring on Monday's . So freakin slow . Stop by Carolina Smoke And get some bomb ass food . 
ugh school :P want it to be tomorrow .. Cali ! :D 
