Is it better to help someone you love , and betray yourself , or help yourself , and betray someone you love ? 
I just had a mole removed , something about a plastic nasty or something , I can't remember what it is , but its a possibly cancerous mole if anyone wants to look it up . 
Some one needs to put something entertaining on the internet , preferably a game , that I can play in my hours of intense boredom here at the hospital . 
And off I go to football practice ... 
Well , I'm gonna try my best to teach myself AP Psychology ! Gonna take the test at Crater , and hopefully do well . Any help that anyone cares to offer would be awesome ! (* Cough cough * Will * Cough cough ! *) ;-) 
Woohoo ! Third practice of the week is over ! 
All right ! My psych book is here ! booya ! :-) 
Well , of my schedule , Physics and Econ are the most boring , Bio seems fun , and the rest go in the middle somewhere . We'll see were Psychology is when I get started , but probably high up on my favorites list . 
And I had the rest of the mole cut out today , as well as the scar from the last removal . Too bad it didn't numb all the way ! And too bad I waited so long , that I took a nap on the table ! 
Well , I hiked the Lower Table Rock today with Bree and our families , and at the top I played with a rattlesnake ! Great fun ! 
Yes ! Technology chose to work ! Just not how I had intended . 
If anyone ever sees an idiot racing through the store on a shopping cart , it probably me ! That alone makes shopping for food fun ! And I don't hit people either ! 
Anyone from the 4-H Exchange , ( and I'm pretty sure you know who you are ) know when the next meeting is ? 
I don't think I have ever been so sad during a mass before . It was a great mass , but I was feeling the blues big time . 
Ok , well never updating my status with facebook mobile again . Sure screwed that up . Crabbing was way fun , even though I failed miserably again , and couldn't catch anything that was a big enough male . But I got to touch a dead seal ! AWESOME !!! 
I am so friggin ' sore today ! It was a good game , but we ended up losing in double over-time . 
I must be on the verge of exhaustion for some reason . I took a 2 hour nap during the AP bio double period , and I usually never sleep in school , and my eyes have been twitching nonstop all day , which the last time this happened was in Washington DC , when I had 4 hours of sleep a night for 3 nights , and walked all day . Maybe I'm working to hard on school and should kick back a little , who knows ? 
I hate uploading pictures here ! It never freaking works ! 
Hoo boy ! I love " Remember the Titans " ! And epic movie ! 
I feel like I'm floating , I have almost no feeling from my body right now . 
I think that I am going to work towards never growing up , because its way more fun to be able to have fun doing the stuff I can do now . 
Well , tonight is gonna suck . My sow died on me . 
Meh , school again ... 
But yeah , I am important this time , because I am one of 6 guys , and there are 19 girls . Kinda outnumbered , but I just wanna have fun before my pre hate-life stage where I am in college and working and all that . To Minnesota ! 
Hehehe ! I almost forgot ! I totally messed up the econ game today ! Instead of trying to get the product from the business , I decided to hoard all my money , and throw the market off ! Jolly good fun ! 
Does anyone know of a college where you can learn nanotechnology ? 
If life is misery , what , then , is death ? 
? Nobody knows the trouble I've seen , nobody knows but Jesus . Nobody knows the trouble I've seen , Glory Hallelujah . ? ? Sometimes I'm up and sometimes I'm down , Yes lord , you know sometimes I'm almost to the ground . O yes , Lord , still ? ? You got here before I do , O yes Lord , don't forget to tell all my friends I'm coming too O yes Lord , still ? 
OK ! I wanna know ! Who wrote in my notebooks ! You could at least spell my name right ! 
Woo ! Something about a cloudy and gloomy day just lightens my spirits ! Then I get less happy when the clouds burn off . 
Woo ! Not to brag or anything , but I am owning this Econ VSE game right now ! But not to brag ... :) 
Hmm . We have had such nice chats here on facebook , but I'm not sure if that counts as a memory of us . But why not . Yeah , kinda just figured out what you wanted . 
Meh . Have so much energy , but I'm too tired to do anything . I need a new activity . 
I'm so happy ! I figured out how to type ? and ?! Always wanted to know how , and now I do ! 
All this food , and I can't eat ANY of it ! I guess I'll have to buy it tomorrow . 
Alright ! Ready to roll ! Got all 4 cd's installed , and its time for some machine destroying mayhem ! 
Why is everything so boring ? Nothing has happened in a couple days , and now I need something interesting to happen . 
AH ! My mom tries to make me " hurt " because of my bad grade in AP Bio , problem is , there isn't anything she can do to hurt me . If there is a chink in my armor , its not in what I love , but who . I feel invulnerable when she does this though , even though it means that I have no extrinsic motivational factors that stem from objects , but I can live with that . 
" Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs " was awesome ! 
What a fun day . First , 4 hours of raking leaves with my 4-H club ( which was fun ) , then lunch ( which was fun ) , then 3 hours of working in the rain ( not fun ) . But i did learn a new way to train for javelin ( sorta fun ) . 
I'm already sick and tired of winter ! I'm freezing , and my hands hardly work . I want spring . 
Some day , I'm gonna have to do something important with my life , but for now I'm completely satisfied with what I'm doing . 
???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????. Very interesting . I found out how to type Chinese on m laptop ! I can't seem to understand it very well though . 
" realizes that sometimes the one you think is your knight in shining armour might actually turn out to be a retard in tin foil ! " I read that , and nearly laughed myself to death . 
has found God . I didn't mean to - i swear . I was just looking behind the couch for the remote , and there he was ! I thought he'd be bigger ... 
Woo . My mom took my phone away today for something that happened a month ago . Yippee . 
Urgh . Lost my last football game by 1 point . 30-31 . That was such a disapointment . 
Yar ! I did change me tongue to Pirate ! It do be amazin'! 
Well that was an awesome Turkey Day ! Went up to Bandon to see my grandparents , and then we ate lunch at the restaurant at the Bandon Dunes Golf Course . They also have a new puppy , who is the funniest thing ever ! 
Be who you are and say how you feel because those who don't matter mind , and those who matter don't mind ~ Dr. Seuss ~ 
Why ? There is this weird box in the upper left hand corner , with what appears to be Chinese ? characters on it . I can't move it , and it seems to be limiting my keyboard functionality , as I can't use hotkeys while playing diablo 2 unless I hold CTRL . 
asks his Facebook Friends , " what one thing would you do if you knew you wouldn't get caught " Make them interesting people ! 
Hehe ! That's right Sophomores and Juniors ! You got owned ! 
I want to stay as close to the edge as I can without going over . Out on the edge you see all kinds of things you can't see from the center . 
It's hard to realize , but sometimes though someone is the world to you , in their universe you are barely visible . 
Heck yes ! I had no idea that Brisk made sweet tea ! I LOVE sweet tea . 
_______\o/________help I'm drowning ! Oh no here come the sharks_______\o/________/\______help shark attack_________\o/_/\_____its eaten my arm_______\o/\_______ 
Muahahahaa ! Not goin to school tomorrow ! Woo hoo ! Today is Friday for me ! 
is quick to forgive . . . once he has unleashed the Hounds of Hell upon you ! 
... believes it's OK to talk to yourself . It's even OK to answer yourself . But if you argue with yourself and lose ... well , now you got a problem . 
is not for everyone . Clinical tests show that they may cause nausea , fatigue , and kidney or liver problems . Ask your doctor if they is right for you 
~ Be carefree . Laugh it off . Take it easy . Be laid back . Don't stress . Look on the bright side . Be yourself . Simply Live , Laugh and Love ~ 
I forget that which I know , so that I might learn it once again . 
When I consider every thing that grows Holds in perfection but a little moment , That this huge stage presenteth nought but shows Whereon the stars in secret influence comment ; When I perceive that men as plants increase , Cheered and checked even by the self-same sky , Vaunt in their youthful sap , at height decrease , And wear their brave state out of memory ; Then the conceit of this inconstant stay 
? ? I'm singing in the rain ?, ? I'm singing in the rain ?..? 
Sets you most rich in youth before my sight , Where wasteful Time debateth with decay To change your day of youth to sullied night , And all in war with Time for love of you , As he takes from you , I engraft you new . 
: when I take over the world Old Man Winter will be executed 
Well , that energy drink that had 344 mg of caffeine didn't do a whole lot . No rush , and no crash . Worthless , and it didn't even taste that good . Oh , well , now I'm gonna be able to sleep . 
Yay ! Awesome night of bowling , roller skating and then there's always the epic hockey game ! It's good to know that I'm better than my brother in both skating and bowling , and most card games we could think of on the bus ride to and from Portland . And I got to miss an entire day of school for it ! 
If you can't change it , it's not worth worrying about ... If you can change it , why worry ? 
Dang . 
Well that was a bummer ! Blind Side was sold out , so we went and saw Old Dogs instead , which was really funny , but not what I had wanted to see . 
I don't wanna go to the wedding ! :'( 
is about to go comatose for a few hours , hallucinate vividly , then maybe suffer amnesia about the whole experience . 
Alright ! Tomorrow is gonna be fun ! First , a boring day of school , but then a hot tub , dinner with Bree , and then the exchange meeting ! Bree Be 
OK , TA officially works , except the campaign , for some reason one of the patches messed with the GUI map , so it crashes if you go to the campaign screen . Other that that , AWESOME ! 
Awesome day ! Park , hot tub , dinner , meeting , and car ride . All with Bree ! Bree Be 
Woo ! Going to OIT tomorrow for a campus preview ! 
wonders ... If a pig loses its voice , is it disgruntled ? 
Dang . Didn't pass out while donating blood . :( Had to go to school . 
Woo hoo ! I found it ! Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious ! Muahahahahahahahaaa ! 
Logic is like the sword - those who appeal to it , shall perish by it . 
Woo ! Just bought AVP the game ! :D 
Well , Logan is off to Valley Immediate Care ... 
Happy Easter everyone ! :D 
Hello ! How was your day ? 
I just watched an awesome battle in my garage as 2 spiders fought over a freshly caught fly that I shooed into their web . Surprisingly , the much smaller one won . 
FINALLY !!! APs are DONE !! :D Woo ! Now I actually have to go to class . That actually is a bummer , its been nice ... 
Whoo hoo ! Senior Presentations tomorrow ! Who's ready ? 
Muahahahaaaa ! 2 APs down , only 4 more to go ! :D 
Woo hoo ! Just had a great weekend at SOJC ! And thanks John for showing for me , you did a great job as you always do ! 
Aaaannnnndddd another one bites the dust ! 3 more APs to go ! 
Wow ! I apparently have been invited to a personal tour of UC-Berkeley's Nanotechnology department ! My mom worked with the guy , Tim Ryan , and now he's working there , so he offered to give me a tour next time I'm around the area . Pretty cool ! 
College just got infinitely better ! 
Woo ! Done for today ! Nothing until Wednesday ! 
Hooray , first day of the term , and I'm not even at school yet ... Apparently Californians freak out in the snow , so they closed the Grapevine , forcing us to stay last night in Bakersfield . On the up side , I did go to El Centro , which is currently the worst place to live in America , so thats cool ! Too bad I have family there ! 
Alright ! One more day of APs ! Then I'm done ! Too bad there's 2 tomorrow ... 
Yay ... Most of my house just got the carpet torn up ! Should get the new carpet in by wednesday ! 
In the moment when I truly understand my enemy , 
understand him well enough to defeat him , then in that very moment I 
also love him . 
-Orson Scott Card 
Well , I'm not sure if I should hope that I miss Friday or not ... 
It works ! 
Muahahahahahaaaaa ! Gonna build a potato gun ! 
The dinner of champions : 3 CupoGolds , 2 Sobes , and a Sobe Adrenaline Rush . 
Wow , where do I start ? This year at fair , I won my market class , was Champion Senior Showman and Reserve Grand Champion Showman . Then , I had the Champion York and Reserve Grand Champion Overall Breeding Gilt in the Breeding show . Then I had Grand Champion Market hog and Reserve Champion Senior Showman in the Extended Market Show . 
Cause : Pellet exploding bird's head . Effect : Brain matter on my arm . Hooray ... 
Woo ! Dennou Coil is awesome ! 
Wow ! I slept 14 hours today ! 
Wow ! I played Axis and Allies for 6 and a half hours last night ! 7 at night to 1:30 in the morning ! Didn't get to bed until 2:30 . I feel exhausted . Good thing I have a light day today . 
Woo ! Making ricekrispies ! Hopefully the house doesn't burn down ... 
Finally got working wireless internet in my house today ! ( only 2 weeks before I go off to college of course ... ) And , its slower'n heck ! >:-( 
Yeah ! Done with classes for the week ! :D 
Woo hoo ! Just did my first load of laundry ! ;-) 
Hahahahaaaa ! Jade just backed the car through the gate and destroyed the driver's side-mirror ! Muahahaaaaaaa ! :-D Awesome ! 
Me satchii ! 
There's just something about starting your morning off with a shower , and then halfway through you get slammed with ice water ... 
I've just been fired by Pepsi . I tested positive for Coke 
Home again at last ! First thing to do is a bunch of pig work ! 
Woo hoo ! One day left of classes ! Then its just me , finals , and intense agony . :D 
Well , didn't do well on my math test , guess I need to work harder for the next one . Do I get to make excuses about how I was starting to get sick ? 
Woo ! Had 3 hours to take my 2 hour calc final , and I finished in 45 minutes ! :-D 
Well , had two FUN !! DF games ... ;-) 
I AM NOT KEENAN ! 
Muahahahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ! I get to show Boris at SOJC ! ^_^ MUahahahahahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahahahaaaaaaaahahahabananahahahahahaha ! 
Portal 2 was pretty epic ! Got it Friday , beat coop that night and Saturday , then beat single player Saturday night and today ! Awesome game ! And , sadly , no mention of cake that I could find ... 
Type Your name : Keenan 
Type Your name with your elbow : kedr4ewdsnaqn 
Type Your name with your eyes Closed : /keenan 
Type your name with your nose : keenan 
Slam face into Keyboard ? : ujjhyu juh 
...... Copy this status , delete my answers , and see how you do 
Well , finished all episodes of Ranma 1/2 , watched all the episodes of Kenshin before that ... Now I'm trying to decide between Full Metal Alchemist , and Naruto ... 
Once again I'm not Keenan ! 
