probably has to go to youth group tonight . ( sigh ) 
is full of spagetti . :) 
why am i a bad person ? Dear God , make me good ... 
I finshed a good book today , be happy for me ! 
so bored ... 
snuggies are a available in LEOPARD print ! 
is sick of being in the car , so glad i'm done ! 
stupid history test . 
is in a very good mood right now . :) 
I hate Tyra Banks 
Isn't that just clllaaaaasssic Peg ! 
just pulled out my winter clothes , had an allergic reaction from all the dust in the box , and discovered that 90% of my clothes are hand-me-downs . :( 
is tired . a result from watching The Office til midnight last night . 
just got attacked by a ladybug . yeah , it was scary . 
" Why do books always have a lot of words in them ? " - Natalie Rotramel 
you are my hiding place , you will protect me from trouble and surround me with songs of salvation . 
Saturday ! happy happy happy ! 
does anyone trip as much as i do ? 
" who says that you have any say in who she says things to at all ? " " who said that you should stick your nose in other peoples- " " who said i was talking to you ? " 
New Moon was a surprisingly good movie . 
is depressed . 
" It's man devouring man , my dear , and who are we to deny it in here ! " 
Well , that was fun . 
want a good workout for your arms ? grow two feet of hair then try to put it into a high ponytail . 
The Prince is having a Ball ! 
Christmas Eve ? Today ? WTF !? 
Rob : Was hitting him with a clock necessary ? Bucky : Man , without the clock it's just a stupid swinging plant ! 
" He was skinny and twisted and evil , just like this one petrified tree I saw when I was little . " 
i finally have a facebook . yay . 
" Life can be so randomly beautiful . " 
wish i wasn't so clumsy . life would be so much easier ... 
I wanna swim away , but dont know how . 
Is feeling very melancholy right now . 
We all know the girls , that i am talking about . Well , they are time bombs and they are ticking , and the only question's when they'll blow up . 
Listening to emery puts me in a such a good mood . :) 
saw an awful movie last night . 
Why do I have so many dreams that I am related to famous people ? So far I've had dreams that Elijah Wood is my brother , that Stephanie Meyer is my sister , and that Helena Bonham Carter is my aunt . What the heck !? 
" I'm sorry . Notebooks are for notes , not for kissing . " 
Feeling good , loving the new haircut ! 
Skillet was so good in concert !!! 
I love my fat boys . - Alice in Wonderland 
So it was Jeromy in 1983 in his ocean pacific tee , who got a bloody knee , on the skateboard , on the half pipe , in the backyard that tuesday night . -pink tux to the prom 
" I just want to be there when the morning light explodes . On your face it radiates , I can't escape , I'll love you ' til the end . " 
" So sick , so sick of being tired , and oh so tired of being sick . " 
All I can say is , thank God for music . 
" So you want a revolution , well you know , we all want to change the world . " 
" The cry of my heart is to bring you praise , from the inside out , Lord my soul cries out . " 
Jesus is my BFF . 
" You've already got two strikes on your record Mom , if you strike one more person it's technically a spree . " -Arrested Development 
He is jealous for me . Loves like a hurricane and I am a tree , bending beneath the weight of His wind and mercy . 
" So we sit , and we wait for the curtains to fall , there are words we could use , but they'd never say it all . " 
" She works for the weekend , mix tape of her favorite bands , tearing up the radio , lost in the stereo sound . " - All Time Low 
had an awesome time at agapefest ! 
" My bones are shattered , my pride is shattered , and in the midst of this self-inflicted pain , I can see my beautiful rescue . " 
SOOOOOOOOOO EXCITED !!!!!!!!!!!! 
" Do or die , you'll never make me , because this world will never take my heart . Go and try , you'll never break me . " - mcr 
So excited for this weekend , can't wait ! :D 
Let's just say , that if I had been put in Jesus's shoes , we would all be screwed . 
Me- " The bigger they are , the harder they fall " . Emily- " The smaller they are , the higher they bounce ! " 
Three sleepless nights , this isn't how it's supposed to be ... 
TV sucks . 
Playlist.com is making me so mad right now ! 
" I admit , I was only waiting for the right time , the right moment for you to look away . Though you never did I pretended for a while ... so I could walk where I don't belong . " - Blindside 
" I don't have enough faith to be an atheist . " 
Spogebob-Warmer , warmer , warmer , you're hot , you're on fire ! Patrick- AAAHH , IT BURNS !!! 
Had a very dramatic experience today , involving a very large spider . 
I will never let you fall , I'll stand up with you forever . I'll be there for you through it all , even if saving you sends me to heaven . 
Ah , Brooklyn Brooklyn , take me in 
Are you aware the shape I'm in ? 
My hands they shake my head it spins 
Brooklyn Brooklyn , take me in . 
has had a mixture of love like woe and perfect weapon stuck in my head all day . its an interesting combination . 
Hey unloving , I will love you ... 
This feels awkward ... 
Wow , a white Thanksgiving . I've always wanted one of those , I think ... 
Christians , we're all afraid of fire , we prefer to suck on pacifiers . Baby pacifists , we're throwin fits , we don't shake hands we shake our fists . We're cannibals who watch our brothers fall , we eat our own the bones and all ... 
Change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on facebook profile pictures until December 6 . Join the fight against child abuse . Copy and paste as your status to invite all your friends . 
Hacky sack and MGMT make a good combination . :) 
Hey , did you see that sky today ? Talk about blue ! 
I'm sick of imagery , instead of artistry , I'm sick of apathy , instead of harmony . I'm sick of poets working part time jobs , while pissy people pick and choose the stars . 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! :) 
