" To love is to suffer . To avoid suffering one must not love . But then one suffers from not loving . Therefore to love is to suffer , not to love is to suffer . To suffer is to suffer . To be happy is to love . To be happy then is to suffer . But suffering makes one unhappy . Therefore , to be unhappy one must love , or love to suffer , or suffer from too much happiness . I hope you're getting this down . " - Woody Allen , 
yeah ... fuck that . 
Bored ... 
There are days when I really love my life . 
I HATE MATH ! If anyone wants to try and explain this shit to me , I'd appreciate it . 
is having fun .... 
Tell me it's a bad idea before I do something dumb . Quick ! lol 
just realized that my social security number is wrong on my W-2 , so now I don't know if my taxes are fucked up . fml . text 8502283 
I still haven't figured this out ... maybe I'll make a decision after the weekend . 
needs something to do tomorrow . 
is thinking very seriously about something . 
Apparently I was taking an online class to learn German and didn't even realize it ... sonderbar 
is really wore out . 
needs something to do between 5 and 9 tomorrow ... 
is going to jack and jill :) 
The Hangover is awesome !!!! 
" Experience is the worst teacher . It always gives the test first , and the lesson afterwards . " -- Source unknown . 
works all day :/ 
Somebody's gonna give you A lesson in leavin ' Somebody's gonna give you back What you've been givin ' And I hope that I'm around To watch ' em knock you down 
is working all day today ... really tired . 
" Hearts will never be practical until they are made unbreakable . " 
hmmm ... I guess I have some stuff to think about . 
I'm crazy and we all know it , but today happens to be one of my saner days : ) 
is going to Mardi Gras . 
is going to see The Hangover with Audra . 
I shoulda done that a long time ago . 
Typical lazy Sunday ... 
I need something to occupy my mind with because it goes weird places when I leave it on its own . 
can't sleep tonight . 
Crappy day . 
lots to do . Gotta pack . AHHHHHH !!!! 
I understand that there's no pleasing some people , but I feel like I'm never gonna be good enough for ANYBODY . So fuck you . I quit . 
loves life . 
I'll know it when I see it . 
is gonna go see a movie 
The Wizard of Oz ! " Some people without brains do an awful lot of talking , don't they ? " 
Hmph 
is NOT in the mood to take any shit today . 
is relaxing 
is sitting at home on a Friday night ... again . I have no life . * sigh * 
is feeling pretty fucking depressed right now . 
" Over and out of it for one more plane ride out . " If any of you need me I will be in NY on vacation for the next week . Peace . 
What makes you think it's okay to lie to me ? 
Wonder if I'll ever get that .... Nope ! Prolly not . 
isn't going to sleep tonight . Plane leaves at 6:15 , so we have to be at the airport at 5:15 so we have to leave here at 4:30 . 
is kinda upset . 
I still can't see the light at the end of the tunnel , but at least I'm looking for it now . 
NOTICE : Due to the global recession , the light at the end of the tunnel will be turned off to save on energy costs . -God 
needs a hug 
Today , I was told that I am white trash , and that me and everyone like me should leave .... WTF ? 
is gonna have some HiLaRiOuS tan lines when this burn finally heals . 
You can sleep with a gun , when ya gonna wake up and fight ? 
nothing to do today ... or tomorrow lol 
There is no one around who picks me up when I'm down like you do , and when you can't hear a sound will the silence drown you too ? 
Its easier said than done . 
I can't sleep ... 
Things are never so bad that they can't get worse , it's up to you if that's a blessing or a curse . 
I am a magic robot . 
You wanna get out of the house and experience the world ? Climb out the window , because any idiot can walk through a door . 
is sunburnt 
Just got back from NY 
We've got nothing to lose , so why not try ? 
There was a survey held recently . It revealed that the normal American walks 900 miles per year . In another survey , it was revealed that average Americans consume 20 gallons of beer per year . As a result of the two surveys , medical science has reached the following conclusion ... The average American gets 45 miles per gallon ! Try to top that GMC !! 
WHOOP !! Go Pack !! 
Cuz we find ourselves in the same old mess Singin ' drunken lullabies 
I don't understand , and you don't understand . What happens after that ? 
is not in a good fucking mood . Just thought I'd let you all know . 
Why do you insist on putting things into little boxes ? 
It's 11 o'clock and I'm craving cheesecake ... 
is kinda sick of working ... I want to have fun this summer !! 
How much can I get away with and still go to heaven ? 
There was a survey held recently . It revealed that the normal American walks 900 miles per year . In another survey , it was revealed that average Americans consume 20 gallons of beer per year . As a result of the two surveys , medical science has reached the following conclusion ... The average American gets 45 miles per gallon ! Try to top that GM !! 
Now the first way to lose a man -- You've met a charming fellow and you're out for a spin . The motor fails and he just wears a helpless grin , don't bat your eyes and say , " What a romantic spot we're in ! " Just get out , crawl under the car , tell him its the gasket and fix it in two seconds flat with a bobby pin . That's a good way to lose a man . 
When people say " Life is short " ... What the hell ? Life is the longest damn thing anyone ever does . 
Honesty is stronger medicine than sympathy , which may console , but often conceals . 
I hear sirens ... 
You don't know what you're missing until you see someone else who's got it ... 
is playing with photoshop . 
" There are moments in life that define who we are and who we will be , and then there are moments that make us look like a complete tool ... Unfortunately , they are often the same moments . " 
is thinking about something and it's giving me a major headache . 
It is easier to beg forgiveness than permission . 
While waiting for the presidential press conference to begin , the reporter approached a man standing alone in a corner . " So , " said the journalist , " have you heard the latest joke about President Obama ? " The man pinned him with a steely gaze , " Before you tell it , I must inform you that I work for the White House . " " Thanks for the warning , " rejoined the reporter . " I'll tell it slowly for you then . " 
Tell me how it is that you can sleep in the night without thinking you lost everything that was good in your life to the toss of the dice ? 
SOMEONE STOP THE ROUTINE !!!!!!!!! 
So , do some people choose not to use their common sense , or are they just born without it ? Like a disability or something ? Ugh . 
got dissed last night and is still pretty pissed off about it . 
" Be who you are and say what you feel , because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind . " ~ Dr. Seuss 
had waaaay too much fun today :-) 
" Damn sistitute ! What is a sistitute and WHY are you swearing at it ? " 
That's it ! I'm gonna have to kill him ! Now , where can I hide a second body ? 
Why can't it just be simple ? 
There is no future , there is no past ... 
is staying home sick today . I feel like shit . 
Somedays , I feel like a blank page : full of possibility , but anyone can come and write whatever they want too , good or bad . 
My apologies to everyone in advance ; I'm a little loopy today . 
Drama ! And random theological conversations with unlikely people ! 
Just how deep do you believe ? Will you bite the hand that feeds ? Will you chew until it bleeds ? Can you get up off your knees ? Are you brave enough to see ? Do you wanna change it ? 
Did it ever occur to you that you might be missing something ? 
I got the fucking introduction written . I'll work on the rest of that essay tomorrow . 
Now , you too can have your thoughts ignored by hundreds of real people JUST LIKE YOU ! Just type whatever happens to be going through your head into the box at the top of the page and press SHARE ! 
No matter where you go , there you are . 
Sheer stubborn tenacity hasn't failed me yet . 
has some seriously ' 80s hair going on today . Damn humidity . 
What other people think of you is none of your business . 
How many days of school are left ? I know one of you is keeping count ... 
" I'm thinking of a queer feeling I sometimes get , a feeling that I've got something important to say and the power to say it -- only I don't know what it is ... " ~ Auldous Huxley 
I've lived in this place and I know all the faces Each one is different but they're always the same They mean me no harm but it's time that I face it They'll never allow me to change 
' Yes , Madam , I am drunk , but in the morning I shall be sober and you will still be ugly . ' ~ Winston Churchill 
Has to figure some stuff out without thinking about it too much ... 
But nothin ' ever came From a life that was a simple one So pull yourself together girl And have a little fun 
Goodbye , blue sky 
I'm craving pizza ! Practice later 1 til done . Right after a coffee run with Miss Maggie Koszalinski :-) 
fEeLs ToTaLlY dIsCoNnEcTeD fRoM rEaLiTy .... 
I'll see you on the dark side of the moon ... 
fRuStRaTeD ..... 
My face is numb , lol . 
is so bored ... 
You know a heart of gold won't take you all the wayAnd in a world so cold it's hard to keep the faithI'm never gonna fade away , yeah 
The play is was advanced to sectionals :) I'm so tired .... 
First rule of acting- Whatever happens , make it look as if it was intentional . 
Are you locked up in a world that's been planned out for you ? Are you feeling like a social tool without a use ? Scream at me until my ears bleed , I'm taking heed just for you . 
Trying to find a way , getting better everyday ... 
' cause I gotta peaceful easy feeling and I know you won't let me down ' cause I'm already standing on the ground 
I've found you find strength in your moments of weakness For once I'm at peace with myself I've been burdened with blame , trapped in the past for too long I'm movin ' on 
So , so you think you can tell Heaven from Hell , blue skies from pain . Can you tell a green field from a cold steel rail ? A smile from a veil ? Do you think you can tell ? 
Can I spray it with Pam ? 
We all live in yellow submarine , yellow submarine , yellow submarine , We all live in yellow submarine , yellow submarine , yellow submarine . 
How many special people change ? How many lives are living strange ? Where were you while we were getting high ? 
Ever think about your tongue ? Like where it is in your mouth , and what it's doing ? Or where it would be if you weren't thinking about it ? 
totally forgot that today is Sunday and that there's school tomorrow . I also have NO IDEA what my work schedule is ... typical . 
I figured out math ! I am proud of myself :D 
WHY IS THERE A RANDOM WHITE LINE IN THE MIDDLE OF MY SCREEN ??? 
Jeremiah was a bullfrog ... 
I really wonder what's going through certain people's heads sometimes ... 
We ask ourselves , who am I to be brilliant , gorgeous , talented , and fabulous ? Actually , who are you not to be ? You are a child of the Universe . Your playing small does not serve the world . 
is freezing ! 
In the book of life , the answers are not in the back ! 
" If you don't know where you are going , any road will get you there . " -- Lewis Carroll 
Sorry . Part of my brain is wired to constantly check if it would be appropriate to spray you with a fire extinguisher . 
Oh , mirror in the sky , what is love ? Can the child within my heart rise above ? Can I sail thru the changing ocean tides ? Can I handle the seasons of my life ? 
WHOOP WHOOP !! 
Anyone with eyes can see it , so you must be blind . 
How I wish , how I wish you were here . We're just two lost souls swimming in a fish bowl , year after year , Running over the same old ground . What have you found ? The same old fears . Wish you were here . 
wishes people would think rationally instead of emotionally . 
is thinking about a lot of stuff ... 
Well that ruined my mood . 
Ugh . Open mouth , insert foot . My new philosophy . 
is going to attempt to make soup . It will probably be a disaster . 
... You just have no idea , do you ? 
Why do you build me up ( Build me up ) Buttercup baby just to let me down ( Let me down ) And mess me around ? And then worst of all ( Worst of all ) You never call baby When you say you will ( Say you will ) But I love you still . I need you ( I need you ) More than anyone darlin ' You know that I have from the start So build me up ( Build me up ) Buttercup Don't break my heart 
I HATE TICKETMASTER ! But I'm going to see Rent tomorrow night ! :D 
Rent was awesome . 
is sitting here , wishing ... and knowing it's pointless . 
suddenly has the urge to clean ... 
I'm so frustrated right now , I just wanna scream . 
wants a hug . Thinking about going to Antigo . 
An overview of play practice : " Dammit , Janet ! " " Am I a lesbian ? " " Oh God , I need a cigar ! " " I should've worn my mumu ... " " I'm wrapping myself ! " 
is activating Erica Allegra Keller's OCD :D 
Olivia Mckenna was making fun of my handwriting , so I'm stealing one of Jimmy's statuses to get back at her ... Livvy is a pirate hooker from whore island !!! 
Kinda hurt now ... but I'm prolly being too sensitive . 
You people act like I TRY to sneak up on you . It's not my fault you don't hear me coming :-) 
I gave blood :-) Certain people need to text or IM me though . They ought to know who they are ... 
NOW HIRING : Hitman ( or woman ) who's willing to travel up to the UP and kill a certain redhead . Price upon request . 
hates whores . Bleh . 
Something tells me that this year is going to fucking suck . 
is watching the game and trying to teach the dog to catch popcorn during the commercials . 
It's not even 11 o'clock on November 1st and my mom already has the Halloween decorations down and the Thanksgiving decorations up ... 
Táim i ngrá leat ! 
I can think of at least two people who owe me money ... no wonder I'm broke . I'm gonna start sending out bills .... lol . 
is inexplicably irritated ( say that 5 times fast ) . 
Today was ... indescribable . I'm in a weird mood , just sayin ' . 
I'm so high on life right now that if you gave me a drug test , I'd probably fail it ! :D 
Gonna go get costumes so we can go trick-or-treating :D I'm thinking scarecrow .... 
You can't please everyone , but it is possible to make them all mad at the same time . 
I can't wait until I can get out of here and away from these people . 271 days give or take . 
Deer Widows Weekend :D 
... Interesting 
I guess some people are spreading rumors . You really need to grow up and get a life . 
is in an extremely bitchy mood . You have been warned . 
And I don't even know his last name , My momma would be so ashamed , It started off , " Hey cutie where you from ? " And then it turned into , " Oh no , what have I done ? " And I don't even know his last name . 
Confidence is the feeling you have before you understand the situation . 
fuck it . i quit . I'm done trying . 
... that's like jumping off of a cliff because you don't think you should be afraid of heights . 
This is the song that never ends , it just goes on and on , my friends , some people started singing it not knowing what it was , and we'll consider singing it forever , just because this is the song that never ends ... 
is officially on quarantine until my fever goes away . TEXT ME ! I'M LONELY AND BORED ! 
Lame . Also , not liking my mom much right now ... 
So what , so I've got a smile on . But it's hiding the quiet superstitions in my head . Don't believe me , don't believe me when I say I've got it down . 
I hear Little Rock callin ' Homesick tears a fallin ' I hear Little Rock callin ' me back home . RIP Grandpa Rocky . I always miss you at stuff like this . 
In English class today , I justified marrying for money in three short paragraphs . Now I just have to figure out how to accomplish that ... 
is going to concentrate on taking deep , calming breaths . 
" Of all the Charlie Browns in the world , you're the Charlie Browniest . " 
My life was happier before you came into it . 
Don't touch me ! I'll get out of this car the same way I got in it : without YOU ! 
I don't mind going to work , but that eight hour wait to go home is a bitch . 
This should probably bother me , but I just can't make myself care . 
is watching " It's the Great Pumpkin Charlie Brown ! " 
Words can't even begin to describe how I feel right now . 
What better way is there to spend your saturday then to sit for 10 hours straight on hard bleachers ? 
I can resist everything except temptation ~ Oscar Wilde 
is just laying in bed . Still don't feel the best . 
It's gonna be a blizzard ! :D 
is wishing for things . Is tú mo ghrá . 
You'll never find your gold on a sandy beach , You'll never drill for oil on a city street , I know you're looking for a ruby in a mountain of rocks , But there ain't no Coup de Ville Hiding at the bottom of a Cracker Jack box . 
It almost got up to 30 degrees today ! HEATWAVE !! 
Living is easy with eyes closed , misunderstanding all you see . It's getting hard to be someone but it all works out . It doesn't matter much to me . Let me take you down , ' cause I'm going to Strawberry Fields . Nothing is real and nothing to get hung about . Strawberry Fields forever . 
FUCK . I don't know what to do .... I don't know how to deal with this kind of thing ! 
I don't fall in love anymore . Just like I don't get the mumps . -Peter Høeg , Smilla's Sense of Snow 
" Hello , operator ? My friend is hurt ! He fell off his bike , and he's trapped inside a bass drum with a bugle stuck to his face ! " 
I love being onstage and I love to perform . To be honest with you , I'm more comfortable performing than I am in an everyday situation , which I can't quite explain . ~ Melanie Chisholm 
YES ! Actually , NO ! I mean YES ! YES !! Wait ... What ??? 
Rocole Family Christmas :) 
Some days it's not worth trying , Now that they both are finding , She gets so sick of crying . 
What I want to know is this : If love’s so great , why do you fall into it ? You fall into a puddle . You fall into the mud . You fall into the abyss . –ditto 
is kinda getting sick of this . 
just noticed that her shirt is on inside out , sweet . I'm also thisclose to biting a certain person's head off ... 
You don't own me , I'm not just one of your many toys You don't own me , don't say I can't go with other boys And don't tell me what to do And don't tell me what to say And please , when I go out with you Don't put me on display . 
Crazy ... over the rainbow , I am crazy , Bars in the window ... There must have been a door there in the wall , When I came in ... 
Merry Christmas , all :D 
I rock . That's all . 
Well I'm takin ' my time , I'm just movin ' on You'll forget about me after I've been gone And I take what I find , I don't want no more It's just outside of your front door . 
I swore that I would love you to the end of time ! So now Im praying for the end of time To hurry up and arrive Cause if I gotta spend another minute with you I dont think that I can really survive 
Isn't it funny how something someone says out of the blue can just turn your whole day around ? :-) 
Just got out of bed . Spent most of last night throwing up . Feel pretty crappy still ... 
Yay !! :D 
" If the good Lord had intended for us to walk , He never would have invented roller-skates . " 
Meeting the Audra for dinner at Waubee . 
New Year's Resolution : Stop putting up with certain people's bullshit . 
World serves its own needs , listen to your heart bleed dummy with the rapture and the revered and the right , right . You vitriolic , patriotic , slam , fight , bright light , feeling pretty psyched . It's the end of the world as we know it . It's the end of the world as we know it . It's the end of the world as we know it and I feel fine . 
My life just got very weird ... 
I never know what's going on ... 
is tired , but pretty happy . I got most of my Christmas shopping done :) 
I'm safe from identity theft ! Nobody wants to be me ... 
Sure , love screws everything up . Most stalkers think they're in love . Mothers who kill their kids talk about how much they love them . Men who beat up their wives , it's only because they're so in love . People slowly suffocate each other with love all the time . Love is a weapon we use to hurt the ones we love . –ditto 
So pissed I could just about scream ... 
There isn't any way to make it better so I'll just hope it doesn't get worse . 
If it makes you happy , It can't be that bad . If it makes you happy , Then why the hell are you so sad 
You people make me laugh . You're living in a fairytale . 
Match later . Ready to see my brother wrestle a girl ! :D 
What do you do if your boyfriend walks out ? You shut the door . 
Tan 
Romantic love is mental illness ... It distorts reality , and that's the point of it . It would be impossible to fall in love with someone that you really saw . The second you meet someone that you're going to fall in love with you deliberately become a moron . You do this in order to fall in love because it would be impossible to fall in love with any human being if you actually saw them for what they are . -Fran Lebowitz 
Out on the road today I saw a deadhead sticker on a Cadillac A little voice inside my head said , " Don't look back . You can never look back . " 
You know when a girl starts dating someone and she completely abandons all of her friends to be with the person ? It's not any cooler when a guy does the same thing . Just in case anyone was wondering . 
{ Insert witty and random thought here } 
I'm not gonna lie , my hair looks pretty kick-ass . It's dramatic . 
is gonna beach it with Audra today . 
Wow ... the immaturity here is just killing me . 
I'm a lonely dreamer on a highway in the sky 
If someone takes the time and effort to make cookies for you , you should not make fun of them no matter how weird they look . I am the queen of the square cookie ! 
Refusing to forgive is like drinking poison ... and waiting for the other person to die . 
" I've always wondered why blessings wear disguises . If I were a blessing , I'd run around naked ! " 
Heading down to Milwaukee until Saturday night . :) Text ... 
When did I become the Ryans ' personal taxi service ? 
My brother bought an electric guitar ... Good-bye peace and quiet . 
This weekend just seemed to last forever . 
Bored ... blah . Work later with some of my favorite people :) 
Avocados are evil ! 
I have a hard time believing the story of the three wise MEN . One ... maybe , but THREE ? 
Lo yisa goy el goy cherev Lo yilmadu od milchama 
is watching The Wall :D 
Lady Astor to Winston Churchill , " Sir , if I was your wife I believe I would feed you poison . " Winston Churchill to Lady Astor , " Madam , if I was your husband , I believe I would drink it . 
had a lot of fun hanging with Erica Allegra Keller , Ylenia Mion , Meghan Keller , and Joanna Ransdell this weekend . 
" Being a woman is a terribly difficult task since it consists principally in dealing with men . " -- Conrad 
" People who are sensible about love are incapable of it . " ~ Douglas Yates 
" Life is like the art of drawing without an eraser . " 
And if the cloud bursts , thunder in your ear . You shout and no one seems to hear . And if the band you're in starts playing different tunes , I'll see you on the dark side of the moon . 
What a terrible fucking night . 
As some ungracious pastors do , show me the steep and thorny way to heaven , whiles , like a puffed and reckless libertine , himself the primrose path of dailliance treads and recks not his own rede . ~ William Shakespeare 
Heigh ho , sing heigh ho , unto the green holly ; most friendship is feigning , most loving mere folly : Then , heigh ho , the holly ! This life is most jolly . 
I've always wanted to be somebody , but I should have been more specific . 
I gave blood today ! And according to the sticker they gave me , that means you have to be nice to me :) 
Pleasant day , pretty sky . Life goes on , here I lie . Not bad , not bad at all .... 
The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results . 
made the dog go into a seizure this morning cuz I scared her .... oops 
I can't lie , I was brainwashed to be honest In this brave new world that slowly passes by 
Why should I attach a label to myself when there is an entire planet full of people who will happily do that for me ? 
I'm just having one of those days . The world can kiss my ass !! 
Dumb . 
AHAHAHAHA ! I love my dad . 
Game later . Sitting around until then . 
A smart , sassy and sexy young woman who knows things from fashion to film to literature , from Manolo Blahniks to Mahatma Gandhi . ~ Urban Dictionary 
needs a good song to listen to . 
Heading out to Appleton tomorrow with Erica and Yle . 
Two finals today , three tomorrow ... I like my schedule . 
Nothing matters , but knowing nothing matters . It's just life , so keep dancing through ... 
We've got the vision , now let's have some fun ! 
Tell me did you sail across the sun ? Did you make it to the Milky Way to see the lights all faded , And that heaven is overrated ? Tell me , did you fall for a shooting star , One without a permanent scar ? And did you miss me while you were looking for yourself out there ? 
Thinks this next week ( and weekend ) will most likely rock . 
is it the end of August yet ? 
is sick of watching people take the path of least resistance . 
Is it really too much to ask that certain websites FUCKING WORK THE WAY THEY'RE SUPPOSED TO ??? 
Everyday , I beat my own record for number of consecutive days I've been alive . 
needs to move the furniture away from the heating vents . It's WAY too damn cold . 
is seriously craving garlic . Is that strange ? I'd kill for a big plate of spaghetti right now ... 
I may be paranoid ... District for the One-Act Play tomorrow . 
I’m gonna miss that smile I’m gonna miss you my friend Even though it hurts the way it ended up I’d do it all again So play it sweet in heaven ‘Cause that’s right where you wana be I’m not crying because I feel so sorry for you I’m crying for me 
All you need to know about men and women ..... ....... Women are crazy and men are stupid . And the main reason women are crazy is because men are stupid ! 
See the horizon over there ? See how big this world is ? See how much room there is for everybody ? Have you ever seen any other worlds ? As far as you know , this is the only world there is , right ? There are no other worlds for you to live in , right ? You were born to live in this world , right ? WELL LIVE IN IT THEN ! 
is now officially going to UW-Oshkosh next fall . 
Music . Fills . The . Void . 
thinks something may be missing her life . If you find it , send it my way , will you ? 
Don't let them say you ain't beautiful . They can all get fucked , just stay true to you 
My new philosophy : Get the fuck OVER it already . 
You try doing everything you can to make it happen , you try just sitting and waiting for it to happen , at what point do you accept that it's NOT going to happen and just give up ? 
Well ... OK , then ... 
Why do we think faster than we can speak ? Probably so we can think twice ... 
My voice is almost completely gone . I hate being sick :( 
This is real answer given on the Children's Science Exam : Q : How are the main parts of the body categorized ? ( e . go ., abdomen . ) A : The body is consisted into three parts --- the brainium , the borax and the abdominal cavity . The brainium contains the brain ; the borax contains the heart and lungs , and the abdominal cavity contains the five bowels , A , E , I , O , and U . 
I'm going to bed . Text if there's some emergency that I NEED to know about , or if you just wanna talk . Night all . 
" If you marry for love and it don't work out you have nothing . If you marry for money and it don't work out , you are set for life . " 
OK I ADMIT , I'M A BITCH ! Unfortunatly , 97% of women won't repost this . I make mistakes , I am out of control and at times hard to handle . But if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best . If you are a bitch post this on your status - I dare you ! 
Ahh .... there's the new layout . I HATE IT . Also , certain people need to make up their minds . 
You don't believe me do you ? Well , it's a scientific fact that girls are smarter than boys ! And do you know who discovered it ? WOMEN SCIENTISTS ! 
Did you write the book of love , And do you have faith in God above , If the Bible tells you so ? Do you believe in rock ' n roll , Can music save your mortal soul , And can you teach me how to dance real slow ? 
gonna play Rome : total war :) 
Random stuff like that makes my life a little bit better ... 
May as well start the countdown : 18 DAYS UNTIL I'M 18 ! 
wish i could stop coughing . 
[ ... There they are , standing in the middle of the road ] 
Why can't we not be sober ? I Just want to start this over . And why can't we drink forever ? I just want to start this over . 
What's love got to do , got to do with it ? What's love but a sweet , old-fashioned notion ? What's love got to do , got to do with it ? Who needs a heart when a heart can be broken ? 
Lots to do ... 
I wrote a book on penguins .... paper probably would have worked better . 
For some reason I couldn't stop laughing during church tonight ... 
blaaaaah .... fun weekend though :) 
So does anyone ELSE wanna pick a fight with me for no goddamned reason ??? Cuz I seem to be on a fucking ROLL tonight ! 
All the world's a stage ! But the play is unrehearsed and everyone is ad libbing their lines ... 
Do hummingbirds hum because they don't know the words ? 
My mom : " No daughter of mine will EVER own an ironing board ! " 
Loves the lunchtime gossip group :) 
18 ! Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone ! :) 
If what they say is " Nothing is forever , " Then what makes Love the exception ? So why , oh why are we so in denial when we know we're not happy here ? 
Bodies in the sand , Tropical drink melting in your hand , We'll be falling in love To the rhythm of a steel drum band , Down in Kokomo . 
my tolerance level for stupidity is pretty much gone right now ... 
is way excited :D 
I'm sick of just being an option to you . The only time you have time for me is when you want something from me . I deserve better than this . I'm done . Have a nice life . 
Tattoo looks great . I'll put a pic up later . 
Dumb boy ... 
Such a beautiful day ... 
" Dogs love their friends and bite their enemies , quite unlike people , who are incapable of pure love and always have to mix love and hate . " -- Sigmund Freud 
Don't make fun of my cookies , Maggie Koszalinski !!!! 
Me : What happened to natural selection ? My mom : Liberals . 
Men are like bank accounts ... Without a lot of money , they don't generate much interest . 
I believe in the sun , even when it is not shining . And I believe in love , even when there's no one there . And I believe in God , even when He is silent . I believe through any trial , there is always a way . 
dropped a milk carton on her face tonight and will probably have a fat lip tomorrow . 
It might look like I'm doing nothing , but at the cellular level , I'm really quite busy . 
COLD ! 
Whoever decided to teach us that Love Conquers All sure didn't do anybody any favors ... 
FML 
" Let this be a lesson to you all : when [ a country ] is in financial trouble , YOU NEED TO INCREASE TAXES . Otherwise you're not gonna get out of it . Most politicians on both sides don't want to admit this . " ~ My history professor 
GAH ! 
" You know when you've found it , 
There's something I've learned 
' Cause you feel it when they take it away . " ~ Damien Rice 
Only had one class today , and it was the morning one . Go figure . 
How do I always end up in these kinds of situations ? 
Happiness is a choice . I just have to keep repeating that to myself . 
If you can't make fun of something , it's probably not worth taking seriously . 
There's been some confusion 
For you see , my roommate is : 
Unusually and exceedingly peculiar 
And altogether quite impossible to describe ( Sara Lund :p ) 
You can't tell me an essay written 20 years ago on the " modern " Caribbean is relevant or necessary for me to read today . You just can't . 
Feeling pretty lost lately . 
I want a new start ... Again :( 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone ! 
I swore that I would love you to the end of time ! 
So now I'm praying for the end of time 
To hurry up and arrive 
' Cause if I gotta spend another minute with you 
I don't think that I can really survive 
I'll never break my promise or forget my vow 
But God only knows what I can do right now 
I'm praying for the end of time 
It's all that I can do 
Praying for the end of time , 
So I can end my time with you !! 
I thought i was at a concert not church ... 
Iceskating = Bad Idea . Haha I can barely walk normally , let alone skate . 
Phone is totally gone . Fucking fantastic . 
Just do what I want before I know I want it ! 
New phone . Text me your numbers ! 
It's like being in Wabeno all over again x ( 
I could just scream . 
I got vaccinated against the flu ! This is bullshit ! 
I'm getting really sick of people telling me I'm not good enough . 
Oh . My . Goodness . It will be above 50 degrees tomorrow . Yay spring ! 
Beware the ides of March . 
After tomorrow my week gets easier ... assuming I make it through tonight . Stupid midterm papers and projects . 
And you feel hopeless and homeless 
and lost in the haze of the wine . 
According to my histroy prof : " A medical doctor is the ONLY profession in America where you can get out of school and immediately become a rich person , no matter how many student loans you have . " ... :D 
I can feel my front bottom teeth dying and it's driving me insane ! 
I'm not lazy . I'm useless . There's a big difference . 
Don't think we ever really got it right . Both you and I have always kept it bottled up inside . 
The sun is gone , 
The nights are long , 
And I am left while the tears fall . 
Did you think that I would cry 
On the phone ? 
Do you know what it feels like 
Being alone ? 
Guess who's getting a new car ! 
Just lost power . Awesome . I'm so glad we have a generator . 
Thundersnow ! 
Stress on top of stress , on top of stress , on top of stress ... I'm starting to physically feel sick from all of this . 
Some of the worst experiences of my life are now repeating themselves in college . Joy . Can I look forward to shit like this for the rest of my life ? 
I love it when people fall next to me in class fall asleep and start loudly snoring . 
" I keep asking God , ' What am I for ? ' and he tells me , ' Gee ... I'm not sure . '" 
has officially lost all faith in humankind . 
The horror ... the horror ... 
Speech went shittily today . Unhappy with myself right now 
Hakuna matata ! 
CALL White House and leave message with Secretary ! Let our voice be heard ! 
( 202 ) 456-1414 White house switch board 9am-6pm 

U.S. House of Representatives ( 202 ) 224-3121 
Please keep re-posting this message with me , so we can be heard ! ( Thank you for all your help ) 
...... 
CALL CALL CALL and speak your mind about the non military pay ! 
Yay ! No government shutdown ! 
This is my wish for you : Comfort on difficult days , smiles when sadness intrudes , rainbows to follow the clouds , laughter to kiss your lips , sunsets to warm your heart , hugs when spirits sag , beauty for your eyes to see , friendships to brighten your being , faith so that you can believe , confidence for when you doubt , courage to know yourself , patience to accept the truth , Love to complete your life . 
" I think we can put our differences behind us , for science ... you monster . " 
is looking up at rock-bottom . 
" It is never too late to be what you might have been . " ~ George Eliot 
Is there another side 
Beyond the black and white ? 
A place I could meet you by 
A place on the other side 
I'll let you know when I go 
When I'm gone 
Nothing special 
Jane says 
I never been in love 
I don't know what it is 
She only knows if someone wants her 
I want them if they want me 
I only know they want me 
The stream I was watching Game of Thrones on got shut down . Sad day . 
" A winter storm watch has been issued for Oshkosh , WI " ... I could just cry 
I think that when I am a doctor , I will not write research review papers . I will just anesthetize people who are going into surgery ... 
I'm not leaving this room for the rest of the night . I will just close the curtains and pretend that this weather is not happening . 
If you live in a future where the laws of physics no longer exist ... God help you ! 
The main point of today's history lecture : Joseph Stalin was a crazy motherfucker . 
89% of magic tricks are not magic . Technically they are sorcery . 
I'm so sick of feeling like this . 
Compromise : the art of slicing the cake so each person thinks they have the biggest piece 
“The best argument against democracy is a five minute conversation with the average voter . ” ~ Winston Churchill quotes 
I wish I could tie you up in my shoes , make you feel unpretty too .. 
" 98 percent [ of the human genome ] is made up of allegedly " dead " genetic material : unused DNA sequences that might have once been useful but that now have no known purpose , like the human appendix , or Utah . " 
I'm seriously questioning why my history professor spent a whole day discussing Stalin's Russia when it will not be showing up on the exam . 
Go GSP ! 
I have three things on my to-do list today , and I can't bring myself to start any of them . 
And you can cry all you want to , I don't care how much 
You'll invest yourself in me , we're not working out , 
And you can't keep my brother , and you won't fuck my friends 
and we're not working out , we're not working out 
This time I mean it , never mind the times I've seen it 
Eight pages seems like a lot of writing for two really short stories :/ 
Learn to deal . 
" Here come the test results : You are a horrible person . That's what it says : a horrible person . We weren't even testing for that . " 
This is turning out to be a successful final weekend :) 
Happy mother's day Michele Rocole :) 
Oh the joys of finals week :/ 
Please don't say you're sorry , I might wait another day . I wish I didn't know now what I didn't know then ; I wish I could start this whole thing over again . 
Man has his will , but woman has her way . 
" It's never the end of the world . It's already tomorrow in Australia . " -- Charles M . Schultz 
The dog is not a garbage disposal . That is all . 
" Pops , were there any foreign exchange students in your class ? " " We were ALL foreign ! " Haha . 
O ! Clasp we to our hearts , for deathless dower , this close-companioned inarticulate hour when twofold silence was the song of love . 
Its been a good night :D 
Say good-bye now because she's so far gone , you won't recognize her if she comes back . 
I can't wait to get out of here , but when I leave nothing's going to change probably . It'll be the same dramas and the same stupid hang-ups , just with different people in a different place .... I have so much to look forward to :/ 
Hell ya ! 
Basically loves life right now :) 
Gotta tell my dad about my tattoo soon ... So , I'd like to know , who's gonna come to my funeral after I do it ? 
I really miss the old you :( 
Do you remember how it used to be , when you pretended to care and I was happy believing you did ? It's probably wrong , but I miss that ... 
This is the 21st century . We should be scientifically advanced enough that the Red Cross can get at my blood without poking me with needles . 
When God decides to remind you that He is out there and He cares , He doesn't mess around or leave any room for doubt in your mind . 
Fuck . That is all . 
So you think you're lonely ? Well my friend I'm lonely too . I want to get back to my city by the bay , Oh , oh , oh oh .... 
Some will win , some will lose . Some were born to sing the blues . Oh the movie never ends It goes on and on and on and on ... 
Hahaha .... Oops ? 
They call kids like us vicious and carved out of stone , But for what we've become , we just feel more alone . Always weigh what I've got against what I left . So progress report : I am missing you to death ... 
Why should I have to prove that 2+7+11+15+ ... +(4n-1) = n(2n+1) ??? Aren't there mathematicians out there that get paid good money to figure this sort of thing out ? 
Drawing designs for my next tattoo ... 
YES ! BREWERS WON ! 
Ask me why I keep on loving you when it's clear that you don't feel the same way for me ... the problem is that as much as I can't force you to love me , I can't force myself to stop loving you . ~ Author Unknown 
It may be my family's redneck nature Rubbin ' off , bringin ' out unlady-like behavior . It sure ain't Christian to judge a stranger , But I don't like her . She may be an angel who spends all winter Bringin ' the homeless blankets and dinner , A regular Nobel Peace Prize winner , But I really hate her . I'll think of a reason later . 
is no longer an employee of Lakewood SuperValu 
" They say people who eat peanut butter sandwiches are lonely , and I guess they're right . " 
And if the cloud bursts thunder in your ear , You shout and no one seems to hear . And if the band you're in starts playing different tunes , I'll see you on the dark side of the moon ... 
Gotta go get a shot today :/ 
I lied when I said I'd never hate you . Just like you lied when you said I meant something to you . 
Some things just don't ever change . 
Jessica Bourin-Schreiter , that dance recital had better be the best you ever go to ! Haha 
Though we adore men individually , We agree that as a group they're rather stupid . 
Don't mind me .... I apparently don't matter :/ 
So leave it behind ’cause we have a night to get away . So come on and fly with me , as we make our great escape . So baby don’t worry , you are my only , You won’t be lonely , even if the sky is falling down ... 
Had a really great day at 6 flags ! :D 
" It is a mistake to think that you can solve any major problems just with potatoes . " ~ Douglas Adams 
“If life is just a stage , then we are all running around ad-libbing , with absolutely no clue what the plot is . Maybe that's why we don't know whether it's a comedy or tragedy . ” ~ Bill Watterson 
Trans-Siberian Orchestra :) 
I want a redo ... 
Brandon Kinnard : When a guy calls a girl a lesbian , it's a compliment . 
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you , they're supposed to help you discover who you are . ” ~ Bernice Johnson Reagon 
There aren't even words to describe how awful these last few hours have been ... 
Is totally excited for the first annual Rachel Rocole and Maggie Koszalinski Ice Cream Outing :D 
I can't believe I used to think you were worth it . 
Without music , life would be a mistake . -- Nietzsche 
I have come to the conclusion that I am invisible 2 ppl over 50 . This was demonstrated by my bio professor this morning . 
It may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others . 
I see a little silhouetto of a man . Scaramouche , scaramouche , will you do the fandango ? 
28 : You are so much fun , and you've always had an awesome fashion sense . 
" Are you happy ? " she asked . " Am I WHAT ? " he cried . 
hates this . 
You're a rare gem too ! ;) 
Ok , time to stop procrastinating and study for bio ... 
Why hello , Sara Lund . Thanks for finally deigning to let us know you aren't dead in a gutter somewhere , haha :p 
" The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results . " ~ Einstein 
And here's the honest truth I'm still in love with you And , that's what I really meant to say 
30 days of school left :D 
How I wish , how I wish you were here . We're just two lost souls swimming in a fish bowl , year after year . Running over the same old ground , what have we found ? The same old fears . Wish you were here . 
Your hands lie open in the long fresh grass , -- The finger-points look through like rosy blooms : Your eyes smile peace . 
Me : Maggie , what's the first rule of walking down State Street ? Maggie : DON'T MAKE EYE CONTACT ! 
is totally pumped for the concert tomorrow with Jimmy Smits . It's gonna rock ! 
Hmmm .... would you be stupid enough to do that ? And then lie about it ? 
Pickles are cucumbers that have been soaked in evil ! 
Where-ever I am , you'll always be More than just a memory , If I ever leave this world alive ... 
I used to have an open mind , but my brains kept falling out . 
Mandi Rose Hartman , stop being a drama queen ! 
Thoughts free flow try to consume myself in this , I'm not faithless . Just paranoid of getting lost or that I might lose . Ignorance is bliss , cherish it . Pretty neighborhoods , you learn too much to hold , Believe it not . And fight the tears With pretty smiles and lies about the times ... 
People always emphasize the negative – no one puts up a sign : Beware – Nice Dog . —-Unknown 
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday . 
I will find a center in you . I will chew it up and leave , I will work to elevate you just enough to bring you down ... 
Lost my phone ... Grr 
If something doesn't change soon ... well , I don't know what I'm gonna do . I guess I'll just keep hoping things get better :( 
I found you here , now please just stay for a while . I can move on when you're around .... 
Phone is gone :( 
People are stupid ! 
WARNING ! Facebook will automatically scan your brain through your monitor . To block , go to Kitchen Cabinet , then remove box that says " Aluminum Foil . " Wrap foil around your head , stay calm & breath through your left nostril . This is serious & has been confirmed by CNN , Fox & my cousin's girlfriend's neighbor's aunt & her pet chihuahua . Please copy & paste as your status & SAVE your friends ~ 
" In the beginning , the universe was created . This has made a lot of people very angry and has been widely regarded as a bad move . " ~ Douglas Adams 
" A wise girl kisses but doesn't love , listens but doesn't believe , and leaves before she is left . " — Marilyn Monroe 
I don’t love you I'm just passing the time . You could love me if I knew how to lie . But who could love me ? I am out of my mind Throwing a line out to sea To see if I can catch a dream . 
You are my sunshine , my only sunshine . You make me happy , when skies are grey . You'll never know , dear , how much I love you . Please don't take my sunshine away . 
You only want me when I get over you . First you love me then you get on down the line , But I don't mind . No , I don't mind ... 
If a person told you they were a pathological liar , would you believe them ? 
Is there a little trouble in paradise ? 
Why do you build me up ( build me up ) Buttercup , baby Just to let me down ( let me down ) and mess me around And then worst of all ( worst of all ) you never call , baby When you say you will ( say you will ) but I love you still I need you ( I need you ) more than anyone , darlin ' You know that I have from the start So build me up ( build me up ) Buttercup , don't break my heart 
Why do I even bother ? I know how its gonna end . I just keep torturing myself I guess ... 
I'm having not-good thoughts . I need to go for a walk ... 
" And that's why hanging is worse than bungee jumping . " 
It's nieces and nephews week . If you have nieces and nephews who make your life fun and are a blessing in your life , copy and paste this to your status with their names : Brandon and Nathan ? 
Why do people assume everyone is just like them ? 
If everything seems to be going well , you have obviously overlooked something . 
" If at first you don't succeed , try , try again . Then quit . There's no point in being a damn fool about it . " ~ W.C. Fields 
Only 5 months left in hell . A little less than half a year ... 
Hell says hello , well , it's time I should go To pastures green , that I've yet to see . Hurry back to me , my wild calling . It's been the worst day since yesterday . 
Your femur is broken ... broken as in there are now two smaller femurs where you used to have one . 
“It is not because the truth is too difficult to see that we make mistakes ... we make mistakes because the easiest and most comfortable course for us is to seek insight where it accords with our emotions - especially selfish ones . ” ~ Alexander Solzhenitsyn 
So I told you that I was happy for you , And given the chance I’d lie again , Just to see you smile .. 
I hope it's worth it , what's left behind me , yeah . I know you'll find your own way When I'm not with you . So tell everybody , the ones who walk beside me , yeah , I hope you find your own way When I'm not with you tonight . 
It is better to have loved and lost , than to live with a psycho for the rest of your life . 
I really hope my calc exam ends up being less scary than my bio exam was ... 
She says , " I'm okay ; I'm alright , Though you have gone from my life You said that it would , Now everything should be all right . " 
The University of Wisconsin-Oshkosh is full of BULLSHIT . This is almost enough to make me want to transfer . 
Wherever I am you'll always be More than just a memory . If I ever leave this world alive . 
So there is absolutely zero chance of me going to Central America this spring :'( 
Gotta admit that I'm a little bit confused . Sometimes it seems to me as if I'm just being used . Gotta stay awake , gotta try and shake off this creeping malaise . If I don't stand my own ground , how can I find my way out of this maze ... 
Pretty soon you won't matter to me anymore . And you won't be able to make me cry . So enjoy it now , cuz pretty soon , I won't care what you think . 
" Ha ! That's what you get for arguing with science ! Stupid bitch ... " 
I don't know who I am anymore . Not once in life have I been real , but I've never felt this close before . I've been looking in your window , been dressing in your clothes , I've been watching you long enough to know I can't go on .. 
There's always that little bit of truth behind every " just kidding " ... 
But the beauty of grace is that it makes life not fair ... 
And everything under the sun is in tune , But the sun is eclipsed by the moon . There is no dark side of the moon really . Matter of fact it's all dark . 
It's hard to believe that tomorrow will be my last performance :'( 
Smile ! Then you can be like me : insincere (: 
Screw The Almost . I'm having a chill night . 
Sometimes I'm a selfish fake ; You're always a true friend . And I don't deserve you ' Cause I'm not there for you . Please forgive me again ... 
If it keeps raining like this , somebody had better start building an arc , that's all I have to say . 
Why not just be happy ? 
In about 5 minutes I will be forced to kill my brother's dog to save my sanity ... 
I don't mind you coming here and wasting all my time . ' Cause when you're standing oh so near I kinda lose my mind ... 
You can close your eyes to things you don't want to see , but you can't close your heart to the things you don't want to feel 
Do you remember when we used to sing , Sha la la la la la la la la la la te da 
What I learned in Bio105 today : Brush your teeth and dont drink battery acid . 
WOW 
I'm getting sick ! Damn ... 
I'm feeling one of those " everything sucks " moods coming on ... 
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a broken fan belt and a flat tire . 
111 days ... 
ugh 
Mini vacation time ! Helloooo North Dakota . 
As strange as it seems , I'd rather dissolve than have you ignore me .... 
likes it in the closet . 
{ If nothing ever changed there would be no butterflies . } Brewer game later ! 
Who hits on the chaperones at Large Group Festival ? WE DO ! haha 
I made a big decision a little while ago . I don't remember what it was which prob'ly goes to show That many times a simple choice can prove to be essential Even though it often might appear inconsequential . For no reason I can think of , I've wandered far astray . And that is how I got to where I find myself today . 
Well I guess I should write my speech for graduation ... 
is getting kinda sick of this ... 
It is cruel , you know , that music should be so beautiful . It has the beauty of loneliness of pain : of strength and freedom . The beauty of disappointment and never-satisfied love . The cruel beauty of nature and everlasting beauty of monotony . 
Now why would I go and do a stupid thing like get attached to you ? Probably because I'm stupid ... 
Perception is reality . 
So do I want to bring Phantom of the Opera , Across the Universe , or Indiana Jones with me to college ... hmm ... choices , choices . 
You people are trying to send me over the edge , aren't you ? 
There's no reason for me to be unhappy , so I'm just going to stop . Simple . 
Feel the words from my lips To your hearts finger tip Then you know where I come from . Cause I know , yes I know , Everything there is to know Cause I lost everything I had . See , I Could have danced on the sun , But my world came undone ... 
going to 6 flags ! I can't believe i'm up this early though ... 
We cease loving ourselves if no one loves us . 
I just heard " You Shook Me All Night Long " sung by some country singer . That song is ruined for me forever now :'( 
Normal would be nice .... 
ugh . Idk y i'm here ... 
To all you high school kids : I would just like to point out that I don't start classes until next Wednesday ( I get done before you too ) . Have a good week at school :) 
I don't want to be your good time , I don't want to be your fall-back crutch anymore . 
Wow ... I don't know why I bother with you . 
" Pray that there intelligent life somewhere up in space cause there's bugger-all down here on Earth . " ~ Monty Python , The Meaning of Life 
I wake up and tear drops , they fall down like rain , I put on that old song we danced to and then , I head off to my job , guess not much has changed , Punch the clock , head for home , Check the phone , just in case , Go to bed , dream of you , That's what I'm doin ' these days . 
What do I want ? I don't even know anymore . I guess i'll just say that i want to be happy ... 
“The trouble with having an open mind , of course , is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it . ” ~ Terry Pratchett 
Cooking :) 
I have memories - but only a fool stores his past in the future . ~ David Gerrold 
I wish you would have just told me the truth right away . It would have saved me two months of heartache . 
Gonna watch Pirate Radio 
Chocolate , men , coffee – some things are better rich . 
Ain't it funny ? I think it's funny , 
I'm gonna laugh until I don't cry honey , ' cause 
Shedding tears just ain't my style 
But I guess I oughta miss ya for a little while ... 
Theres a 90 percent chance that I am completely ridiculous . 
is now officially a blonde again ! :) 
That hurt . Even though I asked for it . 
Some people are pragmatists , taking things as they come and making the best of the choices available . Some people are idealists , standing for principle and refusing to compromise . And some people just act on any whim that enters their heads . I pragmatically turn my whims into principles . 
Life totally sucks , but I'm not so much of an optimist to think that this is as bad as it's gonna get . 
There are times when I cant decide whether to see you or not , I want to see you because I miss you , but there are times when I dont want to see you because everytime I do , the fact that you dont see me the way that I see you hurts me even more ... 
I feel like Hansel and Gretel must have after they realized the birds ate their trail of breadcrumbs out of the woods ... 
I really do not want this anymore . 
{ blank } { empty } { lifeless } { nearly hopeless } 
Hard to believe it's finally the last day ! 
Scheduling calc for 3pm on Mondays , Tuesdays , Wednesdays , and Fridays was quite possibly one of the stupider things I've done . 
Yes ... I think I may have a rough draft of my graduation speech written . 
But you always find a way to keep me right here waiting . You always find the words to say to keep me right here waiting . And if you chose to walk away , I'd still be right here waiting , Searching for the things to say to keep you right here waiting ... 
Oh yeah , life goes on , Long after the thrill of livin ' is gone ... 
Yay ! :) 
I just wanna know WHY . 
If God had wanted me otherwise , He would have created me otherwise . ~ Johann von Goethe 
Ha that movie rocks ! 
Two bags of garbage , three bags of clothes , 5 boxes of old magazines , and one huge box of books later , my room still doesn't look any cleaner ... WTF ? 
If you hit the " Like " button on this status , I will write on your wall and tell you what I like about you . Post this as yours ... ( : 
is hurt and upset . 
Took the top off the jeep . Now I'm just sitting here with nothing to do ... fun . 
The brewers r actually winning :) 
Three o ' clock in the morning , It's quiet and there's no one around . 
Just a bang and a clatter , As an angel runs to ground . Just a bang and a clatter , As an angel hits the ground ... 
I kinda wish someone would just tell me what to do at this point , is that bad ? 
Wow you are a two faced ass . 
needs to buy more shoes . 
September is cancer month : In memory of every cancer patient , family member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer it ! Copy and paste this up for 1 day if you love someone who has or had cancer ?? 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by a dragon . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this because they have been eaten by dragons . The other 7% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers . 
" Man is least himself when he talks in his own person . Give him a mask , and he will tell you the truth . " 
For all sad words of tongue and pen , the saddest are these : It might have been . 
People who get nostalgic about childhood were obviously never children . 
" Do not let your fire go out , spark by irreplaceable spark . In the hopeless swamps of the not quite , the not yet , and the not at all , do not let the hero in your soul perish and leave only frustration for the life you deserved , but never have been able to reach . The world you desire can be won , it exists , it is real , it is possible , it is yours . " 
~ Ayn Rand 
“To be nobody-but-yourself in a world which is doing its best , night and day , to make you everybody else , means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight ; and never stop fighting . ” 
~ e.e. cummings 
Is loving Fargo ! 
My , my , my it's a beautiful world ... 
is not happy with the way the situation is shaping up . 
" Anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job . " ~ Douglas Adams , The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy 
" What a man can be , he must be . " ~ Maslow 
Tonight , Dani Kristine Hartman and I discovered the recipe for chow mien/chop suey/not stir fry ! :) 
Just accidentally called my roommate a guy ... If I disappear , Sara Lund should be the top suspect :p 
Can't sleep ; it's too hot ! 
Flying is simple . All you have to do is throw yourself at the ground and miss . 
But there's a danger in loving somebody too much , And it's sad when you know it's your heart you can't trust . There's a reason why people don't stay where they are . Baby sometimes love just ain't enough ... 
Still no power , not that it really makes a difference to those of us with a ginormous generator :D 
Legally Blonde 2 ! 
In theory , there is no difference between theory and practice ; in practice , there is . 
If you didn't care what happened to me , and I didn't care for you , we would zig zag our way through the boredom and pain , occasionally glancing up through the rain wondering which of the buggers to blame , and watching for pigs on the wing . 
Warning : Do not attempt to iron clothes on body .... But wouldn't that save me time ?? 
9 o'clock , we have a news flash : The world will end at 10 ! Details at 11 . 
I <3 Clay Matthews 
This is it ! Hard to believe I'm finally graduating ! 
" I think most of us would be horrified to meet ourselves and discover what everyone else already knows about us . " ~ Bill Watterson 
68 days ... is the glass half full or half empty ? 
Dear Homework , 
You are not attractive , so I will not be doing you this weekend . 
Sincerely , 
Rachel 
Nope , I'm not switching from being a Pisces to being an Aquarius . I don't care where the Earth's axis is , I refuse :p 
There are more people who wish to be loved than there are who are willing to love . 
Whoo-hooo I'm gonna be making $64/week ! I am gonna be so broke this year it isn't even funny ... 
Today has been absolutely absurd . I should've just stayed in bed . 
It is easier to get forgiveness than permission . 
Got my bill for college . I feel poor now ... 
Everything aches ... I need a backrub . 
" Anybody remotely interesting is mad in some way or another " ~ Doctor Who 
I can't decide if I want to lay out in the sun and read or lay out in the sun and sleep . Maybe I'll just lay out in the sun and read until I fall asleep ... I love summer :) 
Liberty consists of being able to do anything that does not harm others . 
12 : When we would spend every CCD/ Confirmation class writing and drawing random things in each other's workbooks . IDK , my BBF Jill . 
I'm tired of playin ' foolish games . I'm tired of all your lies makin me insane . I don't ask for much , the truth will do just fine . Won't you lay it on the line ? 
“I feel so miserable without you , it's almost like having you here . ” 
- Stephen Bishop 
If you just walked away , What could I really say ? Would it matter anyway ? Would it change how you feel ? 
I reserve the right to be a bitch for the next two weeks . 
I always thought that if they weren't so fucking stupid they'd be criminals ... 
A singer in a smokey room ... the smell of wine and cheap perfume ... for a smile they can share the night ... it just goes on and on and on ... 
someone else fucks up and i'm gonna end up suffering . ugh . 
Quest Learning , I hate you and your chemistry questions that require information that isn't in the textbook or on Google . 
Haha we're building a sheet fort ! 
needs to just Be Happy . 
Now do you believe in rock n roll ? Can music save your mortal soul ? And can you teach me how to dance real slow ? 
Tell me there's a logic out there , Leading me to better prepare For the day that something really special might come . Tell me there's some hope for me ... 
I've decided that the ends of my hair need to be fuchsia . 
" There should be more to love , " said the earth , " than ' it did not kill me . ' More than ' I survived it . '" 
Some people are so freaking stupid ! If you're calling for someone named Rachel , and the call goes to voicemail , and the outgoing voicemail message says , " You've reached Robbie , " YOU HAVE THE WRONG GODDAMN NUMBER ! How hard is that to figure out ?? 
Another time - Another place , 
Our temperature would climb 
There'd be a long embrace . 
We'd do another dance . 
It'd be another play , 
Looking for romance ? 
Come back another day ! 
Attention everybody : I am NOT my mother's personal secretary . From this moment on , if you text me with a message for her , I will ignore it . If you ask , I will give you her number , but other than that , you are just going to have to talk to her yourself . Thank you . 
bleh 
Why do you build me up ( build me up ) , Buttercup , baby , Just to let me down ( let me down ) and mess me around ? And then worst of all ( worst of all ) you never call , baby , When you say you will ( say you will ) , but I love you still . I need you ( I need you ) more than anyone , darlin ' , You know that I have from the start . So build me up ( build me up ) , Buttercup , don't break my heart . 
Vowels are overrated . 
God save us from the relentlessly cheerful . 
Why does the American government think insist on passing laws forcing us to make " healthier " choices ? This is a supposedly free country , if I want to be unhealthy , I have the right to be unhealthy , dammit . 
A study found that some people can sleep through noise because their brains are better wired to block out noise ... a-DUH . 
Why , yes , I AM playing games instead of paying attention to my biology lecture . What of it ? 
feels accomplished . 
I feel like the internet is stalking me . 
Now seems like a good time to start cutting toxic people out of my life . 
I am not going to let you rob this here choo-choo train ! 
Aaaand sleeping on it didn't help . I'm still pissed . 
If you can't do something right , call it something different . 
My brother has decided he may want to be a chef . So Robert is handling Thanksgiving dinner this year .. It will certainly be interesting . 
Click " LIKE " if I have ever made you smile in life . Set this as your status and see how many people you've made smile . 
now has a computer :D 
Some mistakes are too much fun to only make once . 
If you're a bird , be an early bird . But if you're a worm , sleep late ! 
I know how to run everyone else's lives to perfection , but I seem to be pretty clueless when it comes to dealing with my own ; I can't seem to take my own advice ... 
I was never one to patiently pick up broken fragments and glue them together again and tell myself that the mended whole was good as new . What is broken is broken - and I'd rather remember it as it was at its best than mend it and see the broken places as long as I live . 
He's a nice guy ... until you get to know him . 
I said he doesnt look a thing like Jesus . He doesnt look a thing like Jesus , But more than you'll ever know ... 
Ever think about not thinking about something ? Yeah ... it doesn't really work . 
All in all , a productive day . 
Only 21 days . It needs to go faster . 
bleh .... 
24 days . It seems like Forever . Just get here already . 
Class is a bad time to decide that you need a nap ... 
I'm rather irritable tonight for some reason . 
Did you write the Book of Love , And do you have faith in God above If the Bible tells you so ? Do you believe in rock n ' roll ? Can music save your mortal soul ? And can you teach me how to dance real slow ? 
Don't wish . Don't start . 
Wishing only wounds the heart . 
There's a girl I know , 
He loves her so . 
I'm not that girl . 
is not really in the best mood . 
13 days ! I'm kind of sad that everyone leaves before me . Even Wabeno starts before UW-O does .... 
Last year was complete hell . But college starts in 9 days . Let's hope this year is WAY better :) 
" Medicine is the only profession that labours incessantly to destroy the reason for its own existence . " ~ James Bryce 
“Quotation is a serviceable substitute for wit . ” ~ Oscar Wilde 
The weekend starts now . Going to the Dells :) 
<3 Rachel 
I'm getting excited for this whole college thing . I even actually want to go to my classes , how weird is that ? 
Suddenly I feel terribly alone . 
“I'm not upset that you lied to me , I'm upset that from now on I can't believe you” ~ Friedrich Nietzsche 
wow it¿s cold today ... that must mean winter¿s coming :( 
" All I wanna do is have a little fun before I die , " says the man next to me , outta nowhere . 
Well , it's impossible to have virtues , or virtuous love these days Because virtues completely contradict The way humans behave . Because if we were truly virtuous , Then we surely wouldn't need ' em , And even though we have ' em , We never heed ' em . 
Yay for getting out of lab 25 minutes early ! 
I feel charming , oh so charming , it's alarming how charming I feel :) 
Today has been a decidedly ick day . 
I've heard it said that people come into our lives for a reason , bringing something we must learn . And we are lead to those who help us most to grow , if we let them and we help them in return . Well , I don't know if I believe that's true , but I know I'm who I am today because I knew you ... 
Why are there always fire trucks in front of my res hall ? 
Apparently every freshman not from Oshkosh gets a cold-like thing called the Respiratory Ick . I have it and have been informed that it will last until midterm .. 
Got paid this week when I completely wasn't expecting it . ALLELUIA , I'm not as poor as I thought ! :) 
Hello , my name is Inigo Montoya . You killed my father , prepare to die . 
Random remembered conversation- Me : Oh , look ! A bunny ! Ylenia Mion : Shoot him . 
You ever wonder why we're here ? 
" It is a mistake to think you can solve any major problems with just potatoes . " ~ Douglas Adams 
This settles it , when I'm rich , I'm moving somewhere warm . 
Off to Oshkosh to move in :) 
There is no food in this house AT ALL . Not even a loaf of bread . Looks like I'm gonna hafta be the one who does something about that ... 
The word of the day today is STUDY ... 
Our lives light up at times like these . 
Ive come to the conclusion that copy machines are inherently evil . 
is feeling vague . 
Question of the day ... Can I write a 5 page essay in four hours ?? 
Couple of guys sittin ' around drinkin ' Down at the Starlight Bar . One of ' em says , " You know I've been thinking , " Other one says , " That won't get you too far . " He says , " This is your life , and welcome to it . It's just workin ' and drinkin ' and dreams . Ad on TV says ‘Just Do It , ’ Hell if I know what that means . " 
Random overheard conversation : Well , we definitely have enough ho-hos and ding-dongs for the weekend ! 
Go Badgers ! 
DONE !! 
Isnt this where ... we came in ? 
I should just stop looking forward to things , they never happen anyways . 
I wish I had a puppy ... I miss mine :( 
I really hope my computer gets here Monday . I wish my professors didn't put so much stuff online ... 
Snow :( 
" You guys arent the Badgers ? " 
Well THAT was interesting ... 
Serenity is a wonderful thing ... I need to strive for it more often . 
Oh well .... 
Waiting in line is lame . 
Yeah ... He's a few peas short of a casserole . 
Life would be a lot more fair , if it were actually fair . 
Supertramp ! 
My doctor today : Rabies is kind of a problem down there . Me : So what do I do for that ? Doctor : Don't get bit . -_- 
I'm less than happy with the way this week has been going . 
6 : you were my best friend when I was 3 , and pretty much the best neighbor ever , haha . I was so sad when I moved away :( but it was so awesome when you found me on facebook ! 
Hey I wish her well as she rots in hell , and you can tell her I said so . 
is listening to a 12 year old boy cover ke¤ha ... And it sounds AMAZING hahaha . 
Day after day , love turns grey Like the skin of a dying man . Night after night , we pretend it's all right , But I have grown older and You have grown colder and Nothing is very much fun any more . 
And I can feel one of my turns coming on ... 
I love halloween :) I found Waldo and a stormtrooper rode by me on a bicycle earlier . 
F is for Friends who do stuff together , 
U is for You and me , 
N is for Anywhere and anytime at all 
Down here in the deep blue sea ! 
“It is a well-known fact that although the public is fine when taken individually , when it forms itself into large groups , it tends to act as though it has one partially consumed Pez tablet for a brain . ” ~ Dave Barry 
Geez , I leave for two months and my room gets turned into the appliance/junk storage space ... 
I saw a friend of mine , he said , 
" You look different somehow . " 
I said , " Everybody's got to leave the darkness sometime . " 
Sing to me about the end of world ... 
I really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really do NOT want to write this paper . 
Accept it and move on already , would you ? 
I , Rachel Rocole , solemnly swear to make a better effort to let people know when I am going to disappear for hours at a time . Happy now , Brandon Kinnard , Zack Geiger , and Sara Lund ? 
My life amuses me sometimes . 
Every time I thought I'd got it made It seemed the taste was not so sweet . So I turned myself to face me , But I've never caught a glimpse Of how the others must see the faker . I'm much too fast to take that test ... 
Show Mummy how the piggies eat ! 
Q : What is the most important quality a person can have ? 
A : Trustworthiness . 
Lotta weird shit happening in this game . 
Works cited pages suck . 
I feel like a bitch . 
Change your default facebook picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a Human face on facebook until Monday the 6th of December . Join the fight against child abuse , & invite your friends to do the same . 
Fuck this cold . 
had an awesome night with Zack Geiger . 
So what makes you so damn special ? 
Jimmy Smits ! Why didn't you tell me about that website sooner ????? 
Ahhh ... is it 4 o'clock yet ? Lets get this weekend started already . 
" When you saw only one set of footprints 
It was then that I carried you . " 
B+ in Chem ! Yay !! 
I want to watch Firefly , instead I have to study for chemistry :( 
KUUUUUHN ! 
Windstorm ... school cancelled in Wabeno ... 4 hours of sleep .... Yep , I will be skipping all non-essential classes today . 
You still cross my mind from time to time . And I mostly smile . 
Trying to figure out what my head thinks , 
But , my head just ain't what it used to be . 
And then again , what's the point anyway ? 
I don't want to be your good time 
I don't want to be your fall-back crutch anymore 
I'll walk right out into a brand new day 
Insane and rising in my own weird way 
I don't want to be the bad guy 
I don't want to do your sleepwalk dance anymore 
My favorite sister-in-law would be my * only * sister-in-law : Jaclyne Rocole :) 
You're a three decker sauerkraut and toadstool sandwich , ? with arsenic saaaaauce ! ? 
I'm going to bed before 10 ... WTF ? 
I keep my jealousy close , ' Cause it's all mine . And if you say this makes you happy , Then I'm not the only one lying ... 
My faith in human idiocy has been restored . 
Thanks to everyone who's served our country . RIP Grandpa Rocky ; I always miss you the most today <3 
is hurt and frustrated . 
Pay my respects to grace and virtue . Send my condolences to good . Hear my regards to soul and romance , They always did the best they could . And so long to devotion , You taught me everything I know . Wave goodbye , wish me well , You've gotta let me go ... 
blllaaaaaaahhhhhh 
Ha ! I just realized my calc professor posted my exam as the answer key for the first exam of the year ! 
I think I'll just lie on the floor and not think for a while . 
Gandalf represents Jesus Christ ... And if he was an ass he¿d eat zebra cakes . 
Calc Exam- 
I've thought it over , and I think you should just take yourself . I'll follow-up on the 17th to see how you're doing . 
Regards , 
... Why am I getting e-mails about penis enlargement ?? 
I don't need no arms around me And I dont need no drugs to calm me . I have seen the writing on the wall . Don't think I need anything at all . All in all it was all just bricks in the wall . All in all you were all just bricks in the wall . 
Oh , what's the point ? Is anything ever really gonna change ? 
" I know what you're thinking . ' Did he fire six shots or only five ? ' Well , to tell you the truth , in all this excitement I kind of lost track myself . But being as this is a . 44 Magnum , the most powerful handgun in the world , and would blow your head clean off , you've got to ask yourself one question : ' Do I feel lucky ? ' Well , do ya , punk ? " 
The Gold Rush 
Author : Jimmy Smits 
The person who told the author what to do even though I think he did a pretty good job on his own in the end : Rachel Rocole 
Haha I miss English . 
INBOX me a number 1-100 and I'll make a status about you ! a dedication or memory . It's gonna be fun , just do it , haha . 
“Sometimes I think the surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that none of it has tried to contact us . ” 
Just got back from seeing True Grit with Jimmy Smits . Loved every second of the movie . Totally worth it . 
Eh , why not ? 
Inbox me a question and I'll answer it in a status . 
Every time you fall in love , whether that love is returned or not , you give away a piece of yourself that you can never get back . 
Heading to GB for the Packer game :) 
Don’t worry about what people think , they don’t do it very often . 
I love how two of my professors said they would post grades yesterday , and none of my grades are up today still . 
Ugh . 
Hate the weather . New life goal : Open a pain clinic in Arizona ( or somewhere else that doesn't get snow ) within the next 30 years . 
Yay :) 
I feel like such a lazy bum .... 
7 : Friendship foil ! And the horrible fashion mistakes we both made in 8th grade , haha . I miss when you would sleep over at my house all the time too . Also , Inscription of Hope ; we rocked that song and I've had it stuck in my head all week . 
YES !!!! SUPER BOWL CHAMPS ! 
Yay rec center ! Not . 
Aaron Rodgers , who art in Lambeau , Hallowed be thine arm . Thy bowl will come , it will be won , in Dallas as it was in Lambeau . Give us this Sunday our weekly win and give us TD passes as Woodson intercepts those who pass against us . Lead us not into frustration , but deliver us from Eagles . For thine is the Packers , ...... and ...... the Cheeseheads , and the Trophy , now and forever . Amen 
That was a great way to bring in the new year :) Hoping this means it'll be better than 2010 was . 
I might have to start brewing coffee everyday just for the smell ... mmmm :) 
" From now on , ending a sentence with a preposition is something up with which I shall not put . " ~ Winston Churchill 
It's frustrating when one little thing a person says won't stop spinning around and around in your head afterwords . 
Beautiful ! 
To the person who decorated 2nd floor with Steelers shit : fuck you ! 
“Why isn't my life like a situation comedy ? Why don't I have a bunch of friends with nothing better to do but drop by and instigate wacky adventures ? Why aren't my conversations peppered with spontaneous witticisms ? Why don't my friends demonstrate heartfelt concern for my well being when I have problems ? ... I gotta get my life some writers . ” 
Gets done at 11:30 today :D 
Pathetic . 
AAGH . 
YOU MUST WEAR THE CHICKEN-SUIT OF SHAME ! 
SUPERBOWL BOUND BABY ! 
I feel like I'm losing it :( 
Who pays $400 for a pair of shoes ? 
You and me going fishing in the dark , Lying on our backs and counting the stars , Where the cool grass grows , Down by the river in the full moon light , We’ll be falling in love in the middle of the night , Just moving slow , Staying the whole night through , Feels so good to be with you . 
Why do a bunch of my friends seem to be deluding themselves ? 
