I'm finally home from work ! 
I can't wait for this class to get over . 
Finally , I'm home . 
I am soo tired of fake hellos and how do you dos . Why doesn't anyone say what they think ? Why not say that your a dick ? Go choke on a fat one and die an embarrassing death . Stop sending me these fake greetings . Send me the hate mail I deserve . Tell me where to go or just leave me alone ! 
This years VMA's suck . 
Damn , I'm getting tired of homework !! 
Thank God , my birthday is finally over 
I need to find someone to spend time with and end my boredome . The only one I find interesting keeps sending me mixed messages . 
Why are the most boring classes the longest ? 
Sometimes pain feels so good . I'm sitting here re-peircing old closed up holes . I wish I could find the bar for my eyebrow . 
Sparkly Balls , Sparkly Balls , I've got Sparkly Balls ;) 
Ready for a change ! 
Forget about Aarchy in the U.K. , what we need is some Anarchy in the U.S.A. !!! 
I'm tired of being sober 
Punch Buggy , yellow , no punch back 
One more class in the morning and then 5 days off . Now I just need to find something to do . 
I hate dial-up AOL , but where I live I'm stuck with it . 
Nothing sucks worse than feeling all alone , when there are so many people all around ! 
Dolphins , natures serial killers ! 
I'm really beginning to HATE the south ! 
I have too much free time ! 
Finals are finally over , and now I am off until Jan . 11 !!! Anyone have any ideas of something for me to do ? 
Pats up 14-3 at the half ! 
Finally got some new music ! 
If anyone sees me on 95 hitchiking , pick me up .... I just need to get away !!! 
OUCH , lady GaGa just rapped me with her Disco Stick !!! 
HAPPY NEW YEAR !!! I wish everyone a great year to come ! 
feels like a Goth trapped in a Prep's body ! 
had a dream that reminded him how good life can be . Now is the time to turn dreams into reality ! 
Bah-humbug !!!!! 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . 93% wont copy and paste this , many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste . 
playing some hot shots golf 
This damn class is so boring ! 
HOW DID WE MEET ? Everyone play the game ! Copy and paste this phrase on your profile . Before you do that though , tell me how we first met ! Its amusing to see how u met and know each of your friends .... ( this could get interesting ) 
What's the use of a fine house if you haven't got a tolerable planet to put it on ? ” Henry David Thoreau 
" A man needs to look , not down , but up to standards set so much above his ordinary self as to make him feel that he is himself spiritually the underdog " Irving Babbitt 
mmmmm ... Expresso !!! 
I want to go to a rave , get torn up , and laugh while everyone thinks I'm a narc . 
My week has been soo long waiting for tonight's Sons of Anarchy . Now it is here , WOOHOO !!! 
Real power does not demonstrate itself in anything that can be purchased for money . Money only buys the illusion of power . Real power is the force of will - will strong enough that others bend to it for its own sake , and follow it willingly . 
Call the Nestle Crunch Hot line at 1-800-295-0051 . When you are asked if you want to continue in English or Spanish , just wait quietly for about 10 seconds and you will smile . Promise ! Keep going and press 4 listen to the options ... then press 7 . I took this from another friends status . If you comment on this after list ...... ening , don't give away the surprise . ENJOY !! ( OMG THIS IS NOT A HOAX , JUST DO IT ) LMFAO 
Paranormal Activity sucked !! I am so glad that I didn't go to the movies to see it . 
THERE IS A VIRUS SPEADING LIKE WILDFIRE ON FB . DO NOT ACCEPT ANY OF YOUR FRIENDS REQUESTS THAT ASK YOU TO WATCH A VIDEO ON YOU TUBE . SNOPES JUST CONFIRMED . IT IS A TROJAN WORM VIRUS . IT WILL STEAL INFO , INFEST YOUR SYSTEM AND SHUT IT DOWN . DO NOT OPEN THE LINK . PLEASE REPOST THIS IN YOUR STATUS ! 
I am not happy with the new Facebook !!! 
Soo bored !!! I hate the middle of the week !!! 
Always remember to never forget 
Good morning or goodnight , all the same , I am going to bed .... 
If guns kill people , then pencils misspell words , cars drive drunk , spoons made Oprah fat and the Government made you Stupid ! Remember , Hold the person accountable for their actions , not the means they chose to utilize !!! ( Re-posted from another friend's status message . Feel free to do the same ) 
It's too damn hot to be stuck at work !! 
I'm finally in Ft . Lauderdale and already loving it !!! 
What's todayss date ???? 2 more days til freedom !!! 
Health Care bill passed , we are all screwed !!! 
Today is one of those days that I really wish that I did not need a job !!! 
People need to understand that children with special needs are not sick . They are not searching for a cure , just acceptance . This week is for special needs education . Ninety three percent of the people will not copy and paste this . Will you be part of the seven percent that will and will you leave it on your wall for at least an hour ? 
I need something to do this weekend !!! Any suggestions ? 
Sitting at the tattoo shop waiting to get my tat done !!! ;) 
So where did all of this 420 stuff come from and how did it get tied to weed ? It all started as a teenage trend at San Rafael High School in 1971 . Hager says the numbers 420 were adopted as a code word for students to meet after school at 4:20 to get stoned . 
1 week and I'm on my way to Jersey !!! I may even do some fist pumps , lol . 
wants an American made car , made by Americans , in America , that Americans can afford . 
If you support our troops ( past , present & future ) then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . There should be no excuses from anyone !!!! http://www.facebook.com/SupportTroops Please do this ... in memory of all fallen soldiers 
420 is over .... :( 
A FB friend asked 4 prayers for a friends daughter please share ... Please lift Audri King and her family in prayer today ... LET'S KEEP THE PRAYER CHAIN GOING FOR 2 year old AUDRI , just diagnosed with stage 4 cancer .. If you see this post .. even if you don't know Audri , God knows her .. Please post this 2 your profile for 1 hour ... and say a prayer for this little girl 
Why is it that VW advertising is trying to ruin one of the best games ever ? It's called " Punch Buggy " , you see a VW Bug and you punch the person you are with . It's not every VW !! I swear , I am going to hurt the first person who punches me because of a Jetta !!! 
At the emergency room to have a lump checked out . I'm hoping for the best . 
HAVE A NICE DAY !!! 
Is it time to go home yet ? God , I hope so . 
Drinks at the beach bar .... :P 
Life was so much sweeter ..... when I had nothing to do with family . 
Finally , a day off !!! Damn , I have nothing to do ! :( 
I'm home .... X ( 
Another beautiful day in Jersey !!! I never thought I would say that ... 
When you judge another , you do not define them , you define yourself . " 
-- Wayne Dyer 
I got a new cell number , 910-506-9788 . :) 
Tire is bad on the car , we almost didn't make it into work today ! 
How did I get pulled into this blackhole , and why can't I find a way out ? 
Finally made it home about a half hour ago ... 
James and Joel made it in last night and they are back on the road . So glad I'm not going for that ride . 
Kind of sad , I saw a sign that said " Home is Where the Beach Is " and it reminded me of an old girlfriend . Some memories need to be permentantly erased ! 
Getting paid to sit around , nothing to do but mess around with Facebook !!! Life is rough ! 
Smackdown !!! 
Can't wait to be on the road again !!! 24 hours and counting . 
Leaving Atlantic City .... :( 
When will Megan Fox ( Transformers ) go from half naked to full on nude . She is smoking !!! 
4 days and counting !!! 
Damn , this week is drraaaaggggiinng !!!! Down to 3 days !! 
10 days and I am off to Florida !!! 
Ah , a day off at the beach ! I got a sunburn , the transmission went in the car , and now I'm stuck in the back seat of a non-smoking car craving a cigerette . Man , I love the beach !!! 
On the road in 8 hours !!! 
You know what I love about Tosh . 0 ?? That he throws Comedy Central's failures in their face at every commercial break .. :) 
I am so tired of working every weekend all summer long !!! 
Chilln ' on Atlantic City Beach enjoying some Toxic Lemonade !! 
" Today I sit in remembrance to my dear Grandfather Author Champagne . A true and wonderful man full of love . After suffering many heart attacks and bypass surgeries , he left our family on Valentines Day of a heart attack . I believe he let go that day to remind us of how abiding , patient , humorous and forgiving love can be . Happy Valentines Day Grandpa !!!! You are sorely missed ! Love you always and forever !! " 
I made it to PA , but I'm in hiding . I think I killed an Armish guy . 
Back at work , I need a vacation from my vacation before coming back to work . 
Payday , woo-hoo .... Damn , I'm broke already ..... 
About to start my 3 hour sprint to Atlantic City ...... yay !!!!! 
could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and crap out a better conversation than you ! 
I don't want to go home !!! 
Roses are red , lemons are sour , spread your legs , and give me an hour .... ;) 
Thank you all . Going to have dinner with the family , then it's out for the night . 
Well , goodnight all ... Need to pack up the computer . Flying out of Myrtle Beach tomorrow , correction , later today . Rick , send me a message if you will be near me . Later all , see you in Florida !!! xD 
48 hours from now I will be drunk in Ft . Lauderdale !!! ;D 
Tomorrow seems like a good day to call into work and play hookey , we will see when I wake up . ;) 
Only 3 long a$$ days left and then I am off to Florida !!! 
Have you ever seen a women that is so beautiful that you only wish she is a hooker ? 
I need to be buried 6ft in a carpet , and forget all my worries .... At least for a few hours .... ;) 
What can I do for my Country ? Tell me what you think !!! 
