missing my boyfriend A LOT ! 
hyper 
AAAAHHHHH ! my throat hurts SSSSSSSSSSOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO FREAKING MUUCH ! not going to school :( going to a doctor , I have no idea what it could be cause it feels MUCHHHH ! worse then your regular striped throat or soar throat or what ever , and my throat's not even red and it hurts to swallow even water and somethings breath ! GGGAHHH ! 
DannaThe makers of Facebook/Farmville issued a statement that all the " bargains " that are being offered regarding free fuel , free hen houses , free stables , etc . are NOT coming from them . They are all a scam by people who may use the information to access your accounts PLEASE CAN EVERYONE COPY AND PA ... STE THIS2 seconds .. 
WOOT WOOT ! I GOT A DX LANYARD !!!! or , well , im getting it !! YYYEEEEAAAAAA !!!!!! WWWWOOOOOHHHW ! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W-NvFfCENz4&feature=channel love this song !!!! 
So Confusing I'm Over It , I Never Had A Problem With It FYI , But It Seems To Me You Need To Get Over Yourself , The Past Is Past , Forgive And Forget , I Have , Now You Need To , I Don't Know Whats Really Wrong , But You Can Tell Me Anything , You Know That 
GGAAAAHHH ! DRIVING ME CRAZY !! just dont know what to tell you .... or if you'll even feel the same .. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3_Q4rfPRUsQ 
EVERYONE WHO CAN SEE THIS PLEASE REPOST IT SO IT CAN GO WORLDWIDE - OK ? HELP FIGHT THESE SCAMS ! STOP JOINING FREE STUFF GROUPS ! They do nothing but let Hackers in and cause problems with Facebook , you will NOT get anything free . Zynga has already advised that they are not the originators of these scams . Please copy and repost so we can stop this 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DXq4cOHI-1k 
ok , well , I did it again , but I know I accidentally sold the memorial that Gabi sent me ! GGGAAHHH ! 
WOOT WOOT ! 
lol I LOVE to take quizes , as you can see ! LOL 
um , yea .. I accidentally sold something someone sent me on social city ... is there anyway to get it back ? 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HkfiUjWaF30 Metallica - sad but true ( awesome song ! ) 
well , I got it back now 
DUDE ! freaking WEIRD dream ! kinda scary .... why do I always have to have a weird dream when I dream(when I remember them) ? GGAAHH 
going to be watching Julies boys on Saturday , with my mom supervising me and all ! and I am actually kinda excited , for the challenge that it holds , I love a challenge every now and then , as long as I accept the consequences and all ! Woo ! LOL 
just got home , I was at my moms friends place for a little cause my mom had to go to the hospital , turns out if she doesn't start eating right she's going to have something taken out , idk , im tired , Ill explain later , but she's fine right now 
Lalalalala ??? 
I looovvve Metallica !!! ^^ 
just got home from shopping with my mom , we went to the book store and got me a book , not the one I wanted exactly , but just to hold me over till I can get the one I want , then we went to chillies and coldstone , then Michaels , and now home , it was a very good day 
Is anyone going to the Mekong this saterday ? Cause I'm taking my mom with me , but I don't really want to go with just her .. 
dude , when did this earthquake happen , I didn't feel it at all , I dont think 
that dream reallllly messed with me 
Night night everyone and sweet dreams 
Let's see who is paying attention .... Everysingle one of you are on my Friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family!Let's see who in my Friends list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this in your status . ( I will be watching to see who reposts :-) Thank you for caring ~ ~ 
people ! I need 10 nails ! and a bunch of other things for the horse thing , please send me more 
Ok people , for country life , I need some glass pane and pipe stack and I need about 23 glass and 13 pipes , so please send those to me ^^ 
YIPPEE ! I just might have a dream come true of being in a band ! and being the singer ! (or one of them at least ) , just need more people for it now , but I'm not the one making the band exactly , and still need a few more people , but this is soooo exciting ! I am finally very happy ! 
damn , I had a really scary dream , almost like a nightmare , and I swear it was real , but it was just a dream ... maybe a message from him or something .... but I am NOT going to kill 450 people or anything ... even if it meant my own death ... 
Dude , why can't I have , like , any NORMAL dreams .... if there is a such thing as a normal dream ... cause that was one crazy dream , didn't make any sense , like , at all ... 
Happy easter everyone ^^ 
DUUUDE ! Arby's Jr. roast beef with cheese with Bronco berry sauce ...... KILLER ! SO So SO GOOOOD ! lol 
I need 10 nails , 5 harnesses , 8 horseshoes , 4 bricks , and 7 boards in farmville , please send as much of what I need and I will return the favors 
Yippe ... Tonight I get to babysit ALL by myself for the firt time . 3 boys ... and when the older one i there the younger ones try to act all big and stuff , which make telling them to do something much harder ... this is probably going to be difficult , but I will make it ! hwaiting ! lolz ^^ 
Nothing worth having in life is easy to come by , it'll be hard , but it'll be worth it , don't ever give up 
AHAHAHAHAAHHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHHAHAHHAHAH ! THAT IS SOOOOO FUCCKING HILARIOUS !! VICKY .. HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAGOT HER , HAHHAHAHAHAHAHA , PANTS PULLED OFF , HAHAHAHAAH BY BETH PHOENIX ! OH MY GOD ! oh beth is the freaking bombingest wrestling diva EEEEVVVERRR ! 
I had a lot of fun today . So excited to make kimchi ! That frozen yogurt stuff was AMAZING ! And Oh My God , that asian guy seemed like such a .... pedo or something ! LOLZZ !! Can't wait to go back !! 
If you never try , you automatically lose and gain nothing at all , but if you try , you can at least have a chance of winning , and gain SOMETHING from trying , and if you dont win , you can know what to do or change to win when you try again 
and just FYI for anyone who wants to see the Taker VS . HBK match , but you can't find it online or have PPV or anything , just mail me , cause I have somewhere where you can watch it , but I dont know if it'll still work or not .. 
what doesn't kill you only makes you stronger ! ^^ 
had a good day today , untill I had to wait outside my councilors office thingy for the cab that take a long freaking hour and a half to pick us up , and then I get home and my stomach hurts like hell for no reason , even after I ate , but now I am happy again , so YAY , lol 
Facebook Friends : 04/08/10 SPAMMER PROGRAM : If you receive a message " I JUST SENT YOU A GIFT " of a LIGHT BLUE BOX , DO NOT OPEN IT . This is a Spammer Program that send the message to all your Facebook Friends . Please pass this on . please copy and paste . 
why ? 
If anyone ever holds you from your dream(s ) , if anyone tells you you can never do or be something , If ANYONE EVER says you shouldn't follow what you want to follow , they are not your friends . Follow your dreams , it WILL be worth it . 
leaving for school in 10 minutes , and I am excited for some reason , But I am more excited for tomorrow and concert choir auditions ^^ 
YAY ! I MADE IT INTO CONCERT CHOIR ! ^^ 
I want all my facebook friends to comment on this status about how you met me . But , I want you to lie . That's right . Just make stuff up . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same ... :) 
OH MY FREAKING BOTTLE GOD ! It is raining like CRAZY over here ! I'm glad and everything , but ahhhhh , I don't like stormssss OMG ! :\ !!!! 
We have children going to bed without food ..... Elderly going without needed medicines ..... Mentally ill without treatment ..... Troops without proper equipment ..... Yet we donate millions to other countries before helping our own first ...... 99% of ppl won't have the guts to copy and repost this .!!!!!! WILL YOU ? 
dun dun dun 
aahhhh , so much pain ! but Im still going to try to go to school , my mom says I should stay home if I might have to come home since she has no one to come and get me , but I need to go to school , even though the only real important class is choir 
I TRIED to make good rice , but I messed it up and it almost burned and now its kinda hard ... but its still good ^^ hahaha 
Well , I am feeling much better now , can't wait for school too ^^ 
translation of what the pink and blue horse are saying in the 2nd Charlie the unicorn : The man with the hat sent us ! He told us many amazing stories ! Tonight we dine on turtles ! So good , they will be ! I am happy ! 
today is a pretty good day ! love it , just when you think things are going to get bad , they actually get better ! I am really happy , TRUELY happy , and I haven't been Truly happy in a long time ! LOVE IT ! happy just for the hell of being happy ! 
So who might do Day Of Silence ? 
I got Guitar hero 3 today ! for only 5 dollars at game stop ! Its so AWESOME ! 
Really starting to get tired of this , get really pissed off , which doesnt happen often . Just hope that I dont snap one of these dayscause I really dont wanna get kicked out , but I swear that if whats been going on continues to go on , I will , and you REALLY dont want that . Cause once I get mad , its HARD to calm me down , so I hope this gets resolved before that happens , cause I dont want that to happen 
Wow , stayed up till 10:30 playng monopoly , and the game started at about 8 ! I am really tired now , I am going to bed , finally . 
that is very fucking scary ... a guy got stabbed at the light rail almost by the central light rail right before me and my mom got there ... 
I hate it when people lie to me . I dont care how brutal the truth is , I can take it , Im not a freaking little kid . Honesty means a lot to me . 
Night night everyone , sweet dreams ^^ 
NOOOOO this TOTALLY SUCKS ! its the end of the anime v.v so sad 
God I had a wonderful dream , so awesome ^^ 
Getting ready for testing , even though im here to early , lol oh well ^^ 
Virus spreading like wildfire on FB and My Space ! It is a trojan worm called koobface . It will steal your info , invade your system and shut it down ! DO NOT open the link ' Barack Obama Clinton Scandal'! If SmartGirl15 requests you as a friend , don't accept it ; it is a virus . If somebody ... on your list adds her , then you get the virus , too ! Please copy and paste to your wall . Confirmed on SNOPES . Please pass it on . 
Sarah Cheesman- Opsblum ATTENTIONALLFARMVILLE PLAYERS ETC ... THERE IS A WHITE GIFT BOX GOING AROUND WITHA BLUE RIBBON ON IT . IT SAYS THAT SOMEONE HAS SENT YOU A GIFT . THEYDIDNOT ... IT IS A VIRUS .... DO NOT OPEN THIS GIFT ..... COPY AND PASTE SO WECAN PROTECT OUR FRIEND 
Always telling me " You always get your way , thats why your being like this , so I'm going to get my way just once " when you ALWAYS tell me that just to get your way e.e I hardly ever get my way when you want your way , even when I want to do pretty much the same thing ... if that even makes sense other then to myself 
Wow , slept for 11 hours ! haha 
IMPORTANT Security Breach on FB-Here is another one ..... COPY & PASTE : New problem found .... Hacker in door in our friends list !.... We are now listed as friends of ourselves ! You need to delete yourself from your friends list to close the door to hackers . To do this ... Go to Account , go to edit friends , there search for your name on the list and click the X to get your name removed 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7OT7iFtE1Ak&playnext_from=TL&videos=CkkUG4q-rcU 
AAAAHHHH ! Went to The rhythm room and saw Ari Herstand !!!! He is SOOOOOOO FREAKING AWESOME ! AND I GOT MY PICTURE TOOK WITH HIM AND A SIGNATURE ! 
Nooooo , John Morrison and Edge are drafted to Raw !!! noooo ! but on the bright side , smackdown has Kelly Kelly , she's hottt haha 
Kawaii 
Dude ! WTF is up with these people like REALLLLLY long pages that are just repetitive , aren't those pages , like , spam or something ? 
Lalalalalala ?? 
hahaha , such a funny dream , in a way , LOL ! 
Oh my god ... I don't know what the hell this is , but I have some sort of a bite on my leg , and it doesn't seem like a mosquito bite , and yesterday it was a kinda pinkish color and now its a dark purple ish color , and its spread a bit more and gotten harder .... I have NO idea what could have done this , but it itches like CRAZY and my mom told me to put neosporum(sp ? ) on it and now it burns ... 
Wow , stayed up till 10:30 playng monopoly with my mom , and the game started at about 8 ! I am really tired now , I am going to bed , finally . 
( forgot the " with my mom part " ) 
Gahh ! I'm sick again , this is , like , the 3rd time being sick in 2011 ... WTH ! I usually don't get sick , and now I'm getting sick all the time ! but this time I feel worse then the last 2 times ... bleh , whatever .. 
Choir concert tonight ! 7 pm $2 ! going to be fun 
Repostthis if you are someone who is a member of the LGBT community , asupporter , friend of , family member of , or someone who is sick of theviolence , bullying , name calling , hate , and just want to show the worldthat we are all unique and different in our own ways ... STOP ALL HATE ... and LOVE EACH OTHER FOR WHO THEY ARE ! 
My big slinky got alllllllll tangled up in itself , but my mom help me fix it and put it back to normal ! YAY ! thanks mom ! ^^ 
You know ... I am sooo surprised Im not fat or anything with alll the sweets and junk food I eat , hahaha ^^ , its really amazing haha 
Im going to have to cancel my pool party , to save money for the concert choir trip and all , or at least cancel the food and drink part of it and just have a swimming party or whatever ... 
Putthis on your status if you know or love someone who is gay . My wish isthat people will understand that being gay is not a disease nor achoice - people who are gay are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCEand EQUAL RIGHTS ... 93% wont copy and paste this . Will you make it your ... status for at least one hour ? Promote LOVE ... & acceptance ! NOT hate ! 
ladida , lalala , lol^^ 
Just got back from the Orthodontist , turns out I have to have some teeth pulled .... just sounds so great(sarcasm ) , but I got the color thingies on , and their GREEN ! YAY ! 
Re-post ... ATTENTION ALL FRIENDS : Yet another thing FB is doing without warning us !!! Your phone numbers are listed for everyone to see . On the top right side of your screen , click account , then edit friends . On the left side , click on phonebook ...... MAKE YOUR FRIENDS AWARE THEIR PHONE NUMBERS ARE THERE ( under phonebook) !...... A LOT OF PEOPLE I KNOW ARE ON THIS LIST ...... TAKE YOUR #'S OFF YOUR ACCOUN 
Such a pain in the a ** , this is starting to cost a lot of money already , money we don't even have , money we'll have pull from thin air ! grrr 
TO ALL MY FB FRIENDS - Will you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to HONOR a fallen Marine who was killed in combat ? Cpl . Derek Wyatt ( USMC ) died Dec 6 while serving in Afghanistan . He leaves behind a wife and a newborn son named in his honor , who was born approx 24 hrs ... after news of his death . Re-post to honor this Hero and his family ... RIP , Cpl . Derek Wyatt 
Grr ! its been almost 24 hours I've had this little piece of glass in my foot and I can't get it out!I've tried everything I could think of , I WANT IT OUT , I can't walk right with it pushing farther and farther into my foot ! Anyone know anything that is POSITIVE to work ? 
Just watched the movie Inception ..... I was kinda confusing .... But it was REALLLLYY good ! but .... It didn't make much sense to me , but at the same time ... I understood everything ... 
POKE me , if you ever had a crush on me . LIKE 
this status if you think I'm cute . INBOX me if you ever wanted a 
relationship with me . COPY & paste this status if your brave . 
Dude , is it just me , or are the app thingies not working ? cause mine won't load AT ALL ! GRR 
YAY ! POCKY ! 
* sigh * I think I might be getting sick , my throat has been feeling dry and it hurts , and I've drank at least 5 1/2 bottles of water and tried just about everything I could to help it , but I don't have a fever . and now I am starting to feel like ... sick , not just my throat , but my body . I hardly ever get sick anymore , so I don't know what to do , and I have Kpop practice for about the next 3 days . oh well . hwaiting 
THERE IS A VIRUS GOING THROUGH OUR COMPUTERS .. IT WILL START SENDING LINKS IN YOUR NAME . IT SAYS " I KNOW YOU WILL LOVE THIS " AND " LOOKING FOR SOME FUN " , THEN IT HAS A PAGE LINK SAYING NEW GIFTS FOR YOU . DO NOT OPEN THIS LINK . I HAVE SEEN IT ATTACHEDTO AT LEAST ... 3 NAMES IN LAST ... ... HOUR ..... PLEASE COPY AN ... D PUT IT ON UR STATUS TO WARN EVERYONE ELSE . I just got this from a friendabout an hour ago 
GAAHH ! My moms friend came over and had to redo THE WHOLE computer ! now all the , like thousands of pictures and videos I had are ALL GONE ! because I procrastinated to long and didn't save them somewhere safe , noooooo ! how could I have done such a thing ? 
Omg , I'm going for a consultation with a dentist in a few hours to see if I'm getting braces ..... and I might get them done right then and there cause my mom has the money right now , I'm going to look soo dorky with braces ! hahaha 
I just can't stop eating ! First a had a big cup of hot choco along with some ice cream , then a few minutes later I had some dinner and got full from that , but wanted more ice cream , then I ate some chocolate , even though I was full , and now I am going to have some more junk food ! LOLZ ! I love to eat ! ^^ Food ?? 
Happybirthday to key(kim kibum ) from SHINee ! WOO SHINee ! 
99%of teenagers would cry if they saw Justin Bieber standing on top of askyscraper about to jump . If you are the 1% sitting there with popcornand 3D glasses , screaming " DO A BACKFLIP ! " , copy and paste this as yourstatus . :] 
Grr the computer is being a TOTAL BITCH ! soooo not cool 
It sound like it would be fun or whatever ^^ 
Like my status and I'll give you what i like about you , dislike , my first impression , and a confession . 
YAY ! I found my white camera I was looking for ! 
I am really curious ... How do Sam and Dean get all the money to sleep in hotels all the time , pay for their guns , knives , etc , and to eat at restaurants all the time ? I have never heard that they did anything other then killing demons , etc .... never heard of them having any other job , so how ? 
Who the HELL does this " alberto " guy think he is ? Interupting Ray ! Gonna get his ass KICKED ! BOOYAKA 619 ! LOL 
Wow , I can believe I've been babysitting for about 10 hours ! 7-5 .... and it wasn't even as hard as I thought it would be ! ^^ just wish they would listen to me BEFORE I become mad at them ... 
Mom , please don't do that again , you could've died or something , could've gotten electrocuted really bad , or fell and crack your head open , or something else could've happened , don't worry me like that again , pretty please 
??? Jaljayo ( Good night/Sleep well ) ^^ 
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE ! Hope everyone has a wonderful day ! ^^ 
YAY ! I am kinda happy ! I am teaching myself Korean on-line , it is sssooo much fun ! ^^ and its actually not as hard as Japanese ! cause I know , when I get older , I want to move to somewhere in Asia(either Korea or Japan ) , and I am sooo excited ! LOLZ 
Whatching Pokemon The first Movie . Its so sad , I LOVE POKEMON , ESPECIALLY this movie ! GAAHH 
I think I may be starting an obsession with SHINee ..... like seriously ! lolzz But how can you NOT ! They are just soooo awesome ! and HOTT ! and ... yea , see what I mean , lolzz ^^^ 
:( I miss you ..... This sucks :\ 
WOOOOOOOO !! THE UNDEEEERRRRRTAKEEEEEERRR !!! WOOOOOOO !! Even though he may be weakened , he still is THE BEST ! CM Punk , REST IN PEACE ! and Kane shall do so too ^^ 
Every 
person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only has one : to get better . I 
know that 97% won't to get better . I know that 97% won't post this as 
their status - be one of the 3% and post this as your status . Do it for 
at least an hour , for those who have died of cancer or who are still 
fighting . died of cancer or who are still fighting 
A 
13 year old boy in Houston , Texas , shot himself in the head because he 
was bullied and tormented for being gay . A college student jumped off a 
bridge because he was " outed . " Today , I stand up to those bullies in 
their honor . If you care to stand up with me , please post this as your 
status . Nomatter what your beliefs , EVERYONE deserves respect 
I finished the Kimchi(had to cut it ) , so , K-pop members , want me to bring one of the jars on tuesday ? 
Happy birthday to key(kim kibum ) from SHINee ! WOO SHINee ! 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
Happy birthday to Choi Minho ! And to me ^^ Lolz 
IMPORTANT : the whole changing your profile picture 
to your favourite cartoon chatacter thing was actually created by a 
group of pedophiles , because if children see pictures of cartoons they 
will add them , it was currently on the programme Internet frauds and 
will apparently be on tv ...... some time tonight , put this as your 
... status to warn people and change your profile pictures back , thankyou 
#121 : Even though I don't know you , you seem like pretty awesome person , and you're pretty 
Just for the hell of it .... message me a number 1-300 and I will tell you what i think about you in my status ... ( I'm bored ^^) 
So let me get this straight ... Larry King is on his 8th divorce , Elizabeth Taylor is possibly getting married for a 9th time , Britney Spears had a 55 hour marriage , Jesse James and Tiger Woods , while married , were having sex with EVERYONE ; yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ? Really ?? Repost to your page if you agree - Proud to support equal rights for ALL !!!! 
Lolz , For some reason , my hair is like .... static-ish or whatever ... like I brush it , and it makes a staticy noise and sticks out everywhere , LOLZ ! its so weird , but soooo annoying ! And I have no idea why its being like this ... 
Wooh ! Making Kimchi now !! YAY ! 
What did I do ? I dont know what I did to have you mad at me and ignoring me and acting like I did something wrong when I didnt at all . And if youre mad at me for that one thing , its unreasonable to be mad at me for THAT . And you know what , youve changed , it feels like you're trying SO hard to try to fit in with them , ditching me when you can . I thought you were my best friend , I guess not , cause friends dont do this to friends 
When 
you're 3 yrs old : My mom is the best ! 7 yrs old : Mom , Ilove you . 10yrs 
old : Mom whatever !! 17 yrs old : OMG my mom is SOannoying . 18 yrsold : I 
wanna leave ... this house ! 35 yrs old : I wanna goback to my mom's house . 
50 yrs old : Idon't wanna lose my mom . 70 yrs old : I would give up 
... everything for mymom to be here with me . Post this onyour wall if you 
appreciate your mom 
Babysitting right now , kinda hoping I dont have to stay till 6 , but I dont really mind , just tired from have to wake up around 5 45 . Oh well , going to probably have some fun anyway 
I hate all of this thats going on ! I wish it could all be fixed with just a snap of the finger , no one gets hurt , no more drama , no more peope being angry & walking out & never coming back but to get food , especialy in th middle of a meeting .. sorry , but that was a bit .. rude .. but we really gotta fix this b4 it gets too complex 
Hmm ... theres too many recipes for Kimchi with Napa cabbage , Would it be possible for someone to help me find the best one before tonight ? 
Merry Christmas eve !! 
Oh yea ! Happy birthday to Onew(Lee Jinki) ! 
Nanananananaaa nananananananaa A ~ ing ? 
DBZ ! <3 ^^ 
Doesn't make much sense , does it ?? : Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised . Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first . 1% will re-post and 99% won't . I KNOW I'm in the 1% 
GAH ! This thing ( Kimchi ) better be worth it ! I worked freaking hard for almost 4 hours straight with it , how dissappointing it would be ... But Either way , this way my FIRST time making something from scratch ! It was so much fun ! YAY ! 
Scroll to the bottom of your Facebook page where it says in little blue letters , " English ( US ) . " Click on it . When the language box pops up , click on the arrow next to " English ( US ) and select " English ( Pirate ) . " When you've stopped laughing , paste this as your status 
F . R . I . E . N . D . S : ( F)ight for you . ( R)espect you . ( I)nvolve you . ( E)ncourage you . 
( N)eed you . ( D)eserve you and ( S)tand by you . 
Post this if you Agree 
If I have curves , I'm fat . If I wear makeup , I'm fake . If I like to get dressed up , I'm a hoochie . If I say what i think , I'm a bitch . If I cry sometimes , I'm a drama queen . If I have guy friends , I'm a slut . If I stand up for myself , I'm mouthy . Seems like you can't do anything now a days without being labeled .. So what , go ahead and label me , see if i care . re-post this if you like who you are ... 
man i love tonights episode of Supernatural 
I agree one thousand percent with this " A normal person has 1,000 wishes . A US Serviceman has only one - to come home safe . I know 97% of you won't post this as your status , but the 3% that do are my friends . In honor of someone that died , a wounded warrior , or who is fighting for your freedom , please re- post in their honor " 

Thank you ... Carin for being here to remind us what really matters . 
Where the heck are we ? Should be home by now but Im not . I had a BLAST but I want to be home now . I miss everyone and everything . 
Glad to be home , but now I miss all the fun I've had the past 3 days ! I had SOO MUCH FUN ! Wish it didn't have to end so soon , even though it felt like a whole week . At least I am finally able to sleep in my own bed , by myself . Goodbye fun fun days , welcome back boring , regular days ... 
Man this year has just flown by ! I realize that there are some people I am going to miss and wish I would've been more out going so I could've known them cause they seem like pretty awesome people ... A lot of choir people(seniors ) will be going away and I will miss them , even though I don't really know them ... Peace , Love and Music !??? 
blueberry 
WHOLLY CRAP ! Theres a house on fire a block a way ! hope it gets put out verry soon before it spreads 
I really love my new hair cut ! It feels sooo much better 
Centals choir concert tomorrow at 7 ! In the auditorium . It's $2 for performing art students(dance , theatre , band , and piano ) everyone else it's $3 . It's going to be really fun . 
Wow , I thought it would be impossible , but I just made an origami crane out of tissue ! 
All of us have thousand wishes . To be thinner , to be bigger , have more money , have a cool car , a day off , a new phone , to date the person of your dreams . A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's ass . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is fighting cancer , or even had cancer , post this for at least one hour 
I'm SSOOOO bored , I don't know what to do for the next 15 minutes ... I waana leave now to go to practice at the park , but no one would be there ... Even though I'm leaving at 12(practice starts at 1 ) I'll most likely be the only one there for about 30 minutes at least ... Booorrreedd :\ 
WOO ! Kpop did really good today ! Though we could have been better , but with the short amount of time we had , it was almost better than our other performances ! Especially the Lucifer group , you guys did amazing with all the time you guys didn't really get to perfect it because of that one stupid guy ... but yea ! YAY KPOP CLUB ! 
Where is Linh's facebook at ? ... :( 
Hmm , I guess I have another facebook acount , I don't remember why though , and I tried loging on and it says its disabled(I don't know why ) , but I want to delete that acount ... How can I do that ..? :\ 
Like this status and i'll tell you someting random or something weird about me it's your choice . 
Just finished taking the math AIMS . It wasnt as hard as I thought , but at the same time it was much harder cause there was a lot that I NEVER learned , none of my teachers taught some of the things . 
Right now I have a goal to try and find an album song by SHINee that is not about a girl in any way ... I wonder if its even possible ... any SHINee fans ( or any one that would like to help ) let me know if you know or can find a song that isn't about a girl . ^^ 
What have you dome today to make you feeeel proud , its never to late to tryy 
When is SHINee going to have their comeback ! Its been about 6 months already ! They seriously need to comeback VERY VERY soon ! I know they're probably promoting in Japan right now , so they will be there for a little bit , but how long ? I CAN NOT WAIT MUCH LONGER , I'm going to go CRAZY if they don't comeback sometime next month at least ! :\ 
:/ At a b day party with ... my temparary family ? I know no one but them 
Yay ! My mom is finally home from Californa ( 3 weeks ) and I'm home and get to sleep , practice , watch my shows , and hang out with my mom at home ! As much as I loved having 3 younger brothers for 3 weeks , I'm glad to be home with out that ... drama ? AND I'VE MISSED MY KITTIES SOOO MUCH ! 
I Want Some Ideas For A Song To Use To Try Out For SM Entertainment , But I Cant Exactly Think Of Any Good Ones . Then I just have to have a good song to " free style " to(I'm really going to have to practice on GOOD free style dancing , lolz ) . But I really need to practice my try out stuff so when I get the money/time to try out Ill be ready 
Wow , that is so stupid . I am blocked from sending friend requests for 2 days because I was sending friends requests to people on here ( who happen to have the same names as my fave . kpop idols ) that are said to be strangers ... I just want to add people who have kpop idol names ... You never know if its really them ... though I do doubt it sometimes .. 
PUT AS YOUR STATUS IF YOU ARE BRAVE . For the next hour I will be 100% HONEST . You can ask me anything in my inbox and I will answer it ! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CEpNj5fKq6o 
Like my status and I'll tell you . . . 1 . How we met 2 . My first impression of you 3 . What I like MOST about you 4 . Favorite memory with you 5 . But if you like this you must put it as your status . (: 
Like this and i will tell you 1 ) how we met 2 ) my 1st impression of you 3 ) what i like most about you 4 ) favorite memory with you 5 ) but if you like this you must put this as your status 
LOLZ ! I typed in ?? (Taemin ) on google translate ( Korean-English ) And the translation came out Minho , Lolzz ! If I typed in Jonghyun would Key ( Kim kibum ) come out for the translation ? 
Now I typed in all their names ( ?? ??? ??? ??? ??? ) Onew , Kim Kibum , Kim Jonghyun , Choi Minho , and Lee Taemin in google translate ( korean-english ) and the first word that came out was SHINee O.O !! ^^ Omo 
OMG ! My internet has a new radio thing , can listen to a lot of music other than american , and I am listening to a K-pop radio station ^^ Its just so awesome ! 
Stupid Goku ! Why didn't you give freeza your all when you had you chance ! 
I like it that I actually know some of the songs playing on the korean pop radio station I'm listening to ^^ 
You see a Kid abusing a puppy with a baseball bat . 
97% would yell ? STOP !!!? 
2% would Cheer 
1% would take the baseball bat and beat the kid upside the head with it and take the puppy to the vet . 
Post this on your profile if you are that 1% 
WOO ! more than likely me and my mom are going to Mekong tomorrow ! I haven't been there for a month ! I need some of that delicious , yummy in my tummy frozen yogurt ! MEKONG FROZEN YOGURT IS THE BOMB ! CAN'T WAIT ! 
Happy mothers day ! 
Me and my mom were playing rock paper sissors on the lightrail and about 10 times in a row we kept picking the same things ! OMG It was so funny . Does any one know any other games we can play on our way back home ? Aside from 369 . 
AAHHH ! I'm listening to the k-pop radio and noona neomu yeppeo came on ! YAY ! REPLAY REPLAY REPLAY ! 
I loved the choir banquet ! The slide show was great ! Though I found that there were pictures taken with me in them that I didn't know about , with me just staring into space , away from the camera .. So if I'm ever to be in a pic , please tell me .. But I had fun ! I really feel like next year I am going to try out for everything that I can and force myself to be more ... out going ! Just got to remember that next year ... 
I really have to go to bed now if I want to go to mekong tomorrow ! Reminder , K-pop , and anyone else who might want to go to mekong(They have the best frozen yogurt in the WORLD ! ) meet at the lightrail in front of school and BE THERE at 12:30 ! and bring some money . CAN'T WAIT FOR THE WONDERFUL WEEKEND THATS AHEAD ! 
HAD SO MUCH FUN TODAY ! Went to the mekong with Dean , Rebecca , Prince Gumiho , Yadira , Ashley , Vu , Malikah , we had frozen yogurt , then Dean left , the rest of us went and had food at the place next the yogurt ! Today was the best day Ive had in WEEKS ! Im going to post the pics I took today tomorrow . Practice tomorrow ! 
* sigh * I was going to eat the ramyeon that linh gave me after she heated it up for me ... but one the drive home some of it spilt in the car and now ... I think its good to eat it when some of it has touched the car .... so sad .... and I burnt my leg with some of the juice that spilt ... v.v 
Well , I guess I'm not trying out for SM Entertainment ... Mom says is unrealistic and she doesn't want me to go to korea if I make it . Selfish mom ! I WANT TO TRY FOR MY DREEEEAAAMMM ! AND SHE DOESN'T GET IT ! eottoke hae ! (What do I do)I was really looking forward to trying out and maybe getting to meet my favorite korean idols and having so much fun but now .... </3 
Hey , choir people , werent we having a meeting at 3 15 or something today ? 
I heard a noice in the house and my first thought was " Its coming for me ! " O.O . .... and I keep hearing it though ... but my mom doesn't ... Maybe I'm just creeping myself out ... I really shouldn't have watched that movie ... 
I had so much fun today with Linh , Damaris , and Shawndean ! Went shopping and eat food then started to watch a kinda scary show , but had to go home ... 
Just got done playing Scrabble with my mom , we used up every single letter , I got 266 , my mom 213 . It was fun ^^ 
Hey does any one want to come over to my home tomorrow and hang out ? 
How do you pronounce " H " when it comes after " N " ? 
Ok , this is weird ... Random music is playing on my computer , I've never heard the song before , I don't have anything up that could play music ..... Its a kinda nice song but most of the song is just dubidubidu dubidubidu something something , dubidubidu . I think its in korean . Its kinda creepy how its just playing out of NOWHERE , but I kinda like the song ... 
Happy 3 years anniversary SHINee !! 
Watching " Oh ! My school/ 100 points out of 100 " with my mom . I really like that show ! My mom says its ok , she just doesn't like to read subtitles ... 
Ive been playing cards with my mom just about all day ! Shes been in the lead the whole time , but Im almost there . Have to finish the game tomorrow though 
I hope my face doesn't start .. peelling . I went swimming and was out in the sun for about 3 hours and I didn't have any type of sunscreen on my face ... It's really red and it hurts .... 
Starting college tomorrow ! Excited and nervous .. 
( Just incase I forget tomorrow ) Happy 1 year anniversary KhunToria ! (Nichkhun of 2PM and Victoria of f(x ) We Got Married 1 Year anniversary ) 
Outside my classroom waiting for it to start .. eotteokhae .. I dont know what to do .. 
OMG ! I had SO much to read and so many notes to take for homework ... I started at 4 and I just finished ... :\ 
This year July has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is called money bags . So copy this and money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui , the one who does not copy , will be without money .... 
**** FOR THOSE OF YOU WHO HAVE TROUBLE SPELLING *** AOCDRNDICG TO RSCHEEARCH AT CMABRIGDE UINERVTISY , IT DSENO'T MTAETR WAHT OERDR THE LTTERES IN A WROD ARE , THE OLNY IPROAMTNT TIHNG IS TAHT THE FRSIT AND LSAT LTEETR BE IN THE RGHIT PCLAE . TIHS IS BCUSEAE THE HUAMN MNID DEOS NOT RAED ERVEY LTETER BY ISTLEF , BUT THE WROD AS A WLOHE . IF YOU CAN RAED TIHS , PSOT IT TO YUOR WLAL . OLNY 55% OF PLEPOE CAN 
Wow ! I found out that about half of my favorites on youtube were japanese and korean things(Music videos , etc ) ( and about 1/3 of those were were Taemin ) , 1/2 of the rest was music , the other half just random stuff ... I went from having 21 pages to 18 ... about 3 or 4 pages of videos that didn't work any more ! Now theres a LOT more room for more videos ! YAY ! 
I had fun last night ! My first time cooking something with out any instructions whatsoever ! Made potato chips and fries and hashbrowns from my own potato(1 potato ) .. never did anything like that in my life .. kinda sad huh ?.. ^^except for when I made kimchi , but that was a total fail .. 
I miss everyone so much ! Even though I saw Linh and Yadira just about 2 weeks ago . I miss all my friends ! :\ 
At night I keep almost forgeting that I have to go to school the next day .... * Sigh * I should've gone to bed an hour ago .... but I had to practice and load video to my computer ... So , goodnight . I am tired and need more sleep(If I'll be able to stay asleep tonight , I'll be SO happy tomorrow ... ) 
Hmmm .... I've been watching SHINee's performance that they did/ are doing today at paris with SM town .... maybe its just me , but I have something different with Jonghyuns voice , like its almost about to go out or something . And they hardly smiled in the performances ... I hope everything is ok with them ..... 
Lol ... I'm taking the posters I have on my door off , and one of them has a picture on both sides .... :\ Why did I let linh scare me , even though she didn't mean to .... but it really was creepy having those twilight posters on my door .... 
PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU !!! : 1 . Crazy 2 . I'd kiss you ... 3 . Hyper !... 4 . Jerk ... 5 . I miss you ... 6 . Best friend ... 7 . Pretty .... 8 . Smart .. 9 . Dumb ... 10 . I would date you ... 11 . Random ... 12 . Hot ... 13 . Funny ... 14 . Hug-able ... 15 . Amazing ... 16 . ... Tough .. 17 . Cute ... 18 . Beautiful ... 19 .. Loud ... 20 . Awesome !... 21 . I love you 
My teatcher for my first class didn't show , so a guy came to the room and said " you can go cause he's not coming today . " so now all I have to do is wait till 12 to leave for my next class ^^ 
OH MY GOSH ! We had a test in reading class on thursday , thought I did bad on it but I think I got the best score than I have done in my WHOLE LIFE ! I only missed one question out of 57 , 98% ! What shall I/me and my mom do to celebrate ?.. Maybe this saturday we could go to Mekong again ? My next yogurt is free ! Now , back to hard work so that this week I can get all the questions right on the test 
My mom just got back from the laundry place , all my hundreds of stuffed animals got wash and THEY ALL SURVIVED ! YAY ! 
Yea . I just like the song , I think Danger was better though 
My MP3 player has been weird lately , cause even though its on shuffle , it plays them same 3 or 4 songs after the song that I turn it on to is done . It plays f(x)s Danger , then Sorry(Dear daddy ) , and then Taeyeons By myself , and then sometimes itll play SHINees Love Should Go on , then it will shuffle .. I do not know how to stop it from doing this .. Its just weird .. 
My first class always lets us out early ! Today we got out with almost 1 hour until my next class is supposed to start , but I cant go home now since theres 30 mins till class , it would be poinless .. Its so hot outside & I forgot sunscreen .. 
Taeyang 
Like :: his song " Wedding dress " and how he awesomely dances it 
Dislike :: .. How I don't know anything about him ... 
Like And You Gets An Artist . 
I put my blue lunch box thing in an empty laundry basket and my cat tye what attacking it then my mom was making noises behind her and tye was getting scared , then my mom droped a balloon on her and tye just sprang up about a foot into the air and went backwards ! its kinda funny , but it was kinda mean ... 
We all have at least 100 friends on facebook ; but when it comes to needing someone to talk to , how many would actually be there for you ? I can guarantee not even 1 of your facebook friends will copy this status . If you would be there for me , set this as your status & see how many of us would be there for you ! Let's try it out & see . Prove me wrong 
Wow , I just found a(Weird)story that I wrote a few years ago that I didn't know about . But I don't know if it was the whole story(Cause it was only a few pages)or end of a chapter .. But I want to write more now ! Even though it was a really weird story to write , I think I could write more so it'll end in a more .. happy way^^ 
I kinda miss writing .. but its been soo long since I've even tried to write any stories .. 
Wow , I just finished writing a 2 1/2 page essay on a song(Not double spaced yet ) , been working on it since 12:30 (Almost non-stop) ! So happy to get that out of the way . Now another essay to write tomorrow on a moive we watched on thursday , at least it only has to be one page . ^^ Then this coming thursday is my last day ^^ and MY summer vacation will start , finally 
wow ... I just finished watching a movie called Pay it Forward with my mom .... it was SO good , but the ending was just so sad .... Now to write a few paragraphs on it for class tomorrow ... ^^ 
Its peer presure ... Like and I'll give a confession , even though I don't have much of anything to confess 
Confession #1 : Although I deny it a lot , I'm afraid of the dark . 
Confession #2 : I tend to remember the things that have made me sad or mad more than I remember the things that have made me happy . 
Don't care how much money you make , where you live , what you drive , whether you're gay or straight , fat or thin , tall or short , beautiful or average , rich or poor , or what faith you are . If you're my friend , you're my friend . I accept you for who you are , and that's ALL that counts . If you feel the same , steal this status from me , your friend , like I just did from another friend 
Just took a puzzle apart ( That probably shouldn't have been taken apart because it was in a frame thingy ) , and AFTER I take the thing apart I realize that the shapes are the same ... and some pieces are the same colors ... :\ I shouldn't have taken it apart ... 
No one will get this 100% right !!! My last name____ , my age________ , my best friend__________ , my favorite color___________ , my eye color_____ , my moms name____ , how many brothers do i have_______ . Put this as your status and see who knows you the best ;D 
* Sigh * I'm sooooooo bored ! I don't know what to do , any videos I try to watch load really slowly , my legs hurt from practing dancing too much , there isn't really anything good on TV , I've already pretty much played all the games on facebook games and a lot of the games are really boring , I can't sleep because then I'll have even more trouble sleeping at night than I already do .... what is there to do ?! SOOOOO BORED .... :\ 
I realized that I think too much and sometimes even OVER think things ... I need to stop ^^* 
Me and my mom were at fry's and some random guy starts talking to me and my mom and then he says to me " Can you give me a pretty smile ?.. Thats a nice smile , pretty lady , thank you . " ... He kinda creeped me out though , he had a voice that sounded like ... a perv's ... 
Ok this is weird , earlier today I was have a little bit of stomach pains , and now there are red marks where the pain was ... there were a lot of weird things that I found out today ... 
... I feel SO creeped out right now , I had such a scary dream ... and now I keep hearing random noises in the house ... 
My schedule is : 
1 : English w/LINN RUSSELL 
2 : US/ARIZONA HISTORY 1 w/ROBERT MELENDEZ 
Where is my 3rd and 4th ? 
5 : CB INTERMEDIATE CHOIR 1H w/ TROY MEEKER 
6 : JAPANESE 5 H w/SHIGEKO TOYOTA 
7 : PHYSICS 1 w/MERVILLE NICHOLLS 
8 : ALGEBRA 3 w/Staff TBH ? 
I'm thinking that its not the final ... 
SINGLE or NOT , post this on your wall . 
If you love me . [ POKE ] 
If you think i'm cute . [ LIKE ] 
If you think I'm a good friend [ Comment ] 
If you wanna date , be honest , [ Message ] 
If you think i'm nice [ Comment ] 
If you're not scared . [ make this your status ] 
Its weird that I don't get brain freezes , but I get chest freezes ... but now my chest freezes hurt a lot .. 
Message me #s and I'll post our friendship story ^^ 
#66 : 
I remember we met in choir in 8th grade and I had so much fun with you then , We haven't really hung out outside of school/class and we basically only text each other , I'm sorry I haven't been able to open up to you very much , but hopefully this year I'll be able to talk to you more other than texting/notes and that we'll be able to hang out more if I have time ^^ 
#10 : 
You are my best friend , we talk about so many things I never talked about with other people/friends/family and I love it . I remember before I ever actually knew you I though you were some sort of really crazy person , I NEVER though I would be friends with you . When I did start hanging out with you and such I kinda felt like ... I should befriend you more and like I already kinda knew you ? 
#10 : continued 
I'm really thinking that we knew each other before , somehow . But I am also thinking that some bad things are going to happen that will probably involve both of us , but I think its kinda inevitable . I'm really glad that we became friends and I don't want to lose you ^^ 
Is it just me or is facebook being stupid ? 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TAEMIN OPPA ! SARANGHAE ? 
Just when I started to finally sleep , my mom wakes me up so we can go do laundry -.- 
Why does facebook keep telling me I need to log in every minute ? wth ? 
Eating Shin Ramyun , SO spicy ! But soo good ^^ 
I had a weird dream , but it was kinda funny ^^ 
Salary of the US President . .. $ 400,000 . Salary of retired US Presidents ... $ 180,000 . Salary of House/Senate ... $174 , 000 . Salary of Speaker of the House ... $ 223,500 ... Salary of Majority/Minority Leaders ... $ 193,400 ... Average Salary of Soldier DEPLOYED IN IRAQ $ 38,000 ... I think we found where the cuts should be made ! If you agree ... repost .. 
PAY VERY CLOSE ATTENTION TO THESE INSTRUCTIONS : I would like my Facebook friends to comment on this status , sharing how you met me . But I want you to LIE . That's right , just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status , so I can do the same . I bet HALF of you won't read the instructions 
Just felt like someone literally tried to rip out my heart , but they couldn't because my chest was protecting it , so they just kept/keep tugging on it , trying to get it out of my chest .... SO PAINFUL ! 
I keep burning myself on the incense and the lighter :\ The lighter is stupid and the fire keeps going toward my fingers , no matter what finger I use 
Thunder and lightning storm .. :/ And its SO LOUD ! I hate it , why cant it JUST rain .. 
Mekong tomorrow ! Can't wait , its been so long ! 
1 - Open Google Maps ( directions ) . 
2 - Type China as your starting point . 
3 - Type Taiwan as your destination . 
4 - Read step #48 . 
5 - When you stop laughing , type this in your profile so others can laugh too 
haha 
I TOTALLY forgot that I already eat today , came home and my mom made dinner and I became hungry , even though I ate a lot while I was at Mekong . Thanks again , Rebecca for paying ^^ and thank you Linh for buying my boba . I wish I had money that I could spend :\ 
WTH ! One of my cats just wiped her butt all over the floor ! wth 
My moms friend went to a concert and the opening was a japanese metal rock band and she got me a cd ! Cant wait to listen to it 
How we met : 
-Your name in my phone : 
-Have I ever liked you : 
-What I like about you : 
-What I don't like about you : 
... -Our first memory : 
-First impression : 
-How close we are from 1-10 : 
-Do I challenge you to put this as your status : 
I feel so proud/happy . I've been practicing trying to get my voice higher and lower as much as possible without straining it . I can totally sing higher then a few months ago ! I need to practice getting it lower though :\ And I'm an alto in choir , so I really should practice that more than trying to get my voice higher ... But still , I'm happy 
goodnight ^^ can't wait for tomorrow 
I had such a good/happy dream . It's been so long since I've had a dream that made me want to smile , actually ... I don't know if I've ever had a dream that made me want to smile(dreams where I am not fully asleep don't count , cause I can control what happens and such ) . And after everything thats been going on , I would never expect a happy dream . ^^^ 
Just got home from the flashmob . It was a lot of fun . Maybe they would still come because of how hard we tried and all . In about 110 degrees ! Dancing ! Rolling around on the dirty , dirty , DIRTY ground . In HEELS . With hobos watching us . For only 5 people showing up(others had about 50-1000)because we did positions , we did quite well , I think . Cant wait till we do the one in september ! Will probably be SO much better than this one . 
I just looked in the mirror and got freaked out for a second because I forgot that my face/cheeks are TOTALLY RED/Sunburned ! I thought that by now it would've gone away , but nope , its still REALLY RED ! 
Happy Birthday BoyFriend's MinWoo ! I don't know how old he is though v.v . I'm still a noona to him right ? ^^ 
And happy birthday to After School's Lizzy . 
I want to wake up now ... :\ 
How is it possible for a computer to read a number in your head ? Cause I've been doing this thing where you think of a number than add and subtract some other numbers ( That change every time ) , and than it has gotten the final number correct 10 time in a row . My mom has done it 2 times and it got it . Just ... I'm so freaked out at how its doing that , like , hth ? 
Today went by pretty quickly for me , feels like it shouldn't even be 5 yet :\ I DON'T WANT TIME TO BE QUICK ! (Sadness ) 
Um ... I hope the lights don't go out . The lights keep flickering and stuff . 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH ! I can't be in the intermediate choir ! It was either Take japanese 5/6 or be in high level choir . So I chose to go with just being in plain womens choir . THIS SUCKS SO FREAKING MUCH ! UUUUUUUUUUUUHHHHHHHHHGGGG ! WTHHHHHHHHHHHHH :( :( :( :( I'm so sad and so pissed right now . I WANT BOTH ! That means no choir trip for me .... Stupid school . 
1 ENGLISH 5 868 LINN RUSSELL 
2 US/ARIZONA HISTORY 1 323 ROBERT MELENDEZ 
3 ADVISORY 5 835 MARIA RODRIGUEZ 
4 CB CHOIR 1 204 TROY MEEKER 
5 LUNCH PERIOD 05 CAFE Staff NONE 
6 JAPANESE 5 H 524 SHIGEKO TOYOTA 
7 ALGEBRA 3 706 DUC TRAN 
8 PUBLICATION : LITERARY MAGAZINE 1 870 MARILYN WALKER ( I never singed up for this ! )(Where is my Science class ? ) 
Haven't been having ANY body pains for the past few days , then , all of a sudden , BAM ! I want to die ... it hurts so much 
I just got 2 more slinkys to add to my collection ! One of them has many different colored spots and stuff ! the other is purple . I love slinkys , I don't know why , but I just can't resist buying them .. 
I don't know which one to do ... Good Day or Sweet Dream ? Sweet dream has a rap in it(And I love to rap , even though I need a lot of practice ) , but good day has quite a great high note that , if I practice it , I could hit . Which do I use to audition for SM ?! Its such a hard choice for me .. and I REALLY don't need more stress(Especially stupid stress ) .... :\ 
Bored . Trying to learn some new dances and practice old ones . I feel/felt so weird dancing without heels now ! So I am starting to dance with heels ! I can't believe that I actually want to dance in heels , and that I dance BETTER with them(Most of the time ) ... ^^ 
I feel like ... I'm in someone else's dream and like they will wake up and I will disappear . Which is weird because I usually feel like I'm dreaming and will wake up and everything will be ... normal(Or just like it used to be at least ) . :\ I don't know what to do now .. 
NOOO ! I lost my new eyeliner ! I looked every place it might be and its nowhere ! I must have lost it on that day we went to the park and were doing our make-up ... Thats the BLACK eyeliner I have -.- My make up is going to look so funky cause I'm probably going to use my purple or green eyeliner .. 
I watched the Japanese Movie/anime Spirited Away , it made me realize somethings . I Really like that movie/anime , my mom likes it too ^^ 
Type your name with @ in each letter and see who comes first . DON'T CHEAT ! 
B-Prince Gumiho 
R-Rebecca A Longnecker 
E-Yadira E Manzanarez 
A-Damaris Alejandra Cinco 
N-Samantha Nicole Weber 
N-Dan-Thanh Nguyen 
A-Aliena Valentine 
I think I've finally found something that will be able to keep me ( at least a little ) sane . And I've found out that theres another thing to do that too ^^ All this stuff going on is just making me feel like I'm going crazy , and if I don't have the little things to keep me sane , I will go crazy . 
~ Kids with special needs aren't weird or odd . They only want what everyone wants . . . to be ACCEPTED . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for 1 hour ? It is Special Education week & Autism & ADHD Awareness month , and this is in honor of all children . . :) 
After thinking that the pain would go away for a little while ( Since it went away for almost a week , I thought it would continue to be gone ) , but NOO , it just came back worse than before ! WTH 
I'M GOING TO SLEEP . Hopefully tomorrow will be less painful then today , but as much fun . 
I have a random want to watch anime 
What describing words start with a T ? And start with a N ? And E ? (Other than energetic ? ) 
I Just realized I'm about to break my " almost 2 months with out any meat " ... :\ But its too late ... 
The ceiling in the bathroom just fell apart -.- There's a leak from our up stairs neighbor's bath room thats been putting water bubbles in our ceiling for about a year -.- just a little leak has taken our ceiling apart . REALLY ? 
When i was : 13 
I wanted to be : A surgeon 
My favorite tv show : Supernatural ! 
I was afraid of : Myself 
Like for an age :) 
DAY 01  THE FIRST K-POP SONG YOU HEARD : I don't know for sure . When I first knew what K-pop was , I though SHINee's Lucifer was the first song , then I remembered in 9th grade I heard SNSD's Japanese version of Genie and then the Korean version ( At the time I didn't know the difference ) . Then a few days ago I remembered in 8th grade someone sent me a link to a DBSK song-Triangle . I'm pretty sure that Triangle was the first K-pop song I EVER heard . 
7th grade 
Crush : I had A LOT back then , dont remember them though ! ^^ 
Fav . Memory :D ont remember 7th grade very well , but I at least had less people pick on me 
Least Fav . Memory : People still picked on/made fun of me -.- Stopped playing the saxophone(I played from 5th to middle of 7th , But then I joined choir ! )My mom started having some problems too . & I lost a cat(3 if you count 2 kittens me & my mom watched since their mom was no where ) . Bad things started/happened in 7th grade :\ 
Lms for an age/grade 
1st person to like my status : I'll change my last name to yours for a week 
2nd person to like my status : I'll write I love you on your wall for three days . 
3rd person to like my status : I'll answer any question ( Through Message ) 
4th person to like my status : Can choose my profile picture . 
5th Person to like my status : Can marry me on Facebook for three days . 
Put this on your status if your brave enough :DD 
DAY 02  WHEN YOU BECAME A K-POP FAN : A little while after hearing SHINee's Replay . I heard Lucifer first , but when I heard/saw it I thought it was really weird , but that they were so hot ! and then I couldn't get lucifer out of my head . Then Rebecca showed me Replay , and I feel in-love with SHINee . Then after almost 2 months just SHINee I got into Kpop for real 
Some black cat keeps trying to do stuff to my youngest cat(My cats stay inside but the black one is from outside ) .... I feel like I'm going to have more bad luck now that I've seen a black cat ... again -.- 
DAY 03  YOUR FAVORITE K-POP SONG : REALLY ?! Is it possible for me to choose !? LIST ! : ALL SHINee's songs . AP = All Promoted . All AP : BoA , 5dolls , SNSD , Ga-In , T-ara , MissA , Ukiss , B2st , 4Minute/Hyuna , f(x ) , CNBLUE , Secret , IU , 2PM , MBLAQ , TeenTop , DalShbet , G . NA , Boyfriend , AfterSchool , FT Island , GirlsDay , Sistar , SunnyHill , BEG , 2NE1 , Co-Ed , Rainbow , ETC . ( Just listed all the K-pop groups that I have on my MP3 , most of them I didn't listen to anything other than what they promoted on stage ) 
If I EVER made you smile , click " Like " . 
Then post this as your status and see how many you get 
Letter : P 
Like : Purple 
Dislike : Pimples ? XD 
Song : I don't know any songs that start with P -.- 
Like for a letter ~ 
I'm scared of thunder/lightning storms ! I hate them , HATE HATE HATE . I am really scared of them . But I love the smell of rain ^^ 
DAY 04  YOUR FAVORITE K-POP MUSIC VIDEO : Again , I have no idea what is my FAVORITE . I like so many that I just can't keep count 
The girl you just called fat ? Has been starving herself and has lost over 30lbs . The boy you just called stupid ? Has a learning disability and studies over 4 hrs . a night . The girl you just called ugly ? Spends hrs . putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The boy you just tripped ? Is abused enough at home . There is a lot more to people than you think . Repost if you're against bullying 
Thats nice ... My sims just went to the restroom then disappeared ... then re-appeared in the living room ... did she turn itno a ghost or something ? ( lolz ) 
I want a red soda ice cream float SO BAD ! But I've had one EVERYDAY this week already .... I'm not TOTALLY on a diet , but I'm trying to staw away from eating too much .... But I really want it ... I'm going ! 
K-pop was so much fun today ! got 6 new members ! And all of them already know at least a few k-pop songs/dances/groups ! This is going to be so much fun this year ! (A break from the ... nightmare/day dream/crazy-ness)^^ 
DUDE ! I did it again and didnt take my meds but this time I took tonights . Not good . Why am I so out of it lately ? UGH 
Listen to my heart beat ( Its beating for you ) listen to my heart beat ( Its waiting for you ) . I absolutely LOVE this song ! And I really like 2PM 
At 3 years '' Mommy I love you . " 
At 10 years '' Mom whatever . " 
At 16 years " My mom is so annoying . " 
At 18 years " I'm leaving this house . " 
At 25 years '' Mom , you were right '' . 
... At 30 years '' I want to go to Mom's house . " 
At 50 years '' I don't want to lose my mom . " 
At 70 years " I would give up everything to have my mom here with me . " 
You only have one mom . Post this on your wall if you appreciate and love your mom . ? 
I lost $15 , So I looked through my purse to see how much money I have in change :$3 . 36pennies , $1.40 nickels , $9.00 quarters = $16.76 ! Then I found the$15 I was looking for(Mom hid it in her wallet , but didnt remember ) . And then I also found $10 in quarters in a roll that someone gave me ! So now I have $26.76 going for my SM audition ! PLUS$45I have in the bank ! So Im definitely going to go to L.A. for my audition ! Just have about $50 dollars to go ! No problem ! (still going to have a yard sale = more money ! ) 
Prince Gumiho Yadira Estrada I might have a problem with cutting the video -.- I'm trying to find another program to be able to cut it , but if it doesn't work ... I don't know ... 
Google-Can't find the image(s ) you're looking for ... How about half naked people ? - 
NO ! 
Went and picked little apples with Prince Gumiho a bit ago . It was so much fun and now I feel a bit .. calm/at peace or something from being it nature(kinda , cause there was a house right across the street that was having a party -.-) , but I got poked a lot from thorns and such . But it was fun and interesting ! ^^ 
Why do we sleep through church , but stay awake for a three hour movie ? Why is it hard to pray , but easy to cuss ? Why is it hard to re-post a Godly bulletin , but easy to re-post a mean one ? Why can people worship a celebrity but not God ? Going to ignore this ? Afraid to get laughed at ? The Lord said , " If you deny me in front of your friends , I will deny you in front of my Father . " Re-post this if you believe in Jesus . 
I found out that it doesn't matter when you put the ice cream in when making an ice cream soda float , cause the foam from the soda still turns out the way it does ! I thought " Maybe if I put the ince cream in AFTER the soda that wouldn't happen " , but as soon as the icecream hit the soda and made a sound I'm all like , DARN IT ! 
See that girl there you just sent a howler to saying she was fat ? She's now taking potions to make her skinny . See that boy that you told him he would never amount to anything ? He was going to try out for the Quidditch team , but because of what you said , he changed his mind . See that boy that you said is bad at charms ? He's up all night reading books and practicing spells . See that girl you just tripped ? Shes a Hufflepuff . Reblog this if you are against bullying . 
So happy right now , just downloaded U-Kiss's Take me away ! I LOVE THAT SONG ! I love U-Kiss now ! Thank you guys for taking about them in Japanese class and making me feel like I have to listen to them ^^ 
When are we practicing for the skit ? 
I'm going to be apple picking with Prince Gumiho again , soon . Can't wait ! 
The amount of friends I have on here is 123 ..! 
Going to try to do all of my homework today ( and my collage homework , since I forgot to do it for yesterday :\ ... ) . I just hope I don't get distracted and forget ... 
I have to admit ... I might be masochistic or something because I REALLY love songs that make me feel sad and make me want to cry ... I love sad songs A LOT ! I don't know why I'm saying this , but I am ... 
At Linhs . Been here since 1030 and weve been doing almost nothing but home work the entire time .. -.- 
Read this very carefully . Youre young . Youll never be younger than you are at this very moment . Have fun , live life . Dont regret a thing and dont dwell over the past . Smile and laugh , dont waste a minute . Say hi to a stranger , tell someone theyre beautiful tell the person you love that you love them , dont go to bed mad at anyone . Forget , forgive , love , hate . Be yourself , do what you want , say what you feel . Stand up for what you believe in , even if it means standing alone 
I REALLY need to start being like this .. 
I love how I can eat a whole lot and not gain much weight because of how much I exercise everyday ... But then if I don't eat a lot I end up losing a lot of weight really quickly ... 
I love to eat/drink ice cream soda floats ^^ 
I just want to say : To all those that I have ever hurt(Physically , emotionally , mentally , in whatever way ) , I am sorry and I will try to be a better friend and a better person . 
Filling out the form for K-pop star auditions ... have a bit trouble with 3 questions ... " When was the worst time in your life ? When was the best time in your life ? and , What do you think is your attractive/appealing point ? " I seriously do not know ... 
I realized that sometimes I have random times of remembering . I would be doing something and randomly I would remember something/see a flashback picture from YEARS ago ... But its been happening a LOT more lately .. Really weird .. 
I wonder ... Would a person that is going crazy ever consider themselves to be crazy ? Or do they just accept their reality without thinking they are going crazy ? Such a random question , but I really wonder ... 
Just got done watching about Japan on channel 8 and now I'm watching something about kimchi ... They butcher the words so much ! UGH ! If you're going to air a show on television about a different country PLEASE learn how to say the words correctly ! -.- 
RIP to all the people that died on 9/11 . 
All the damage that was caused . 
All the fireman that died as hero's . 
All the chaos that happened in the world . 
RIP 
Watching a movie . " If you could do it over again would you make the same choices ? "" yes I would . " then this guy slits her throat or something . It reminded me so much . I felt the pain and feeling of weak/dizy .. so weird 
PLEASE KEEP THIS TRUCK MOVING AND SHOW YOUR SUPPORT !!! 
? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? 
? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? 9/11 VICTIMS & THEIR FAMILIES ?? ?? ?? 
? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?? WE WILL NEVER FORGET ??? ? ?? ?? 
? (@) ? ? ? ? ? ? ? (@) (@) ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? (@) ? ? 
TO ALL WHO LOST LOVED ONES AND TO THE HEROES GOD BLESS YOU 
t was raining ! (I don't know if it still is , I was outside 5 minutes ago and it was ... ) . I feel/felt soo at peace ! I really like the rain . And since its been SO hot out when I have to walk home this was REALLY nice ! 
" Dogs can be overly shy when making friends or courting someone . If they are interested , they want to make certain you are as well before expressing any interest . They are emotionally sensitive people , who don't take wounds to the heart very easily . As a lover , Dogs are compassionate , supportive partners , eager to hear about your day at work or the project you just finished . They share the highs and lows of being in love , defending their partners to anyone who attacks them . " 
I might be getting sick or something ... And it's getting worse everyday . My vision keeps being weird , I feel SO dizzy and like I'm shaking a whole lot(But Im not shaking at all .. ) , and I feel SOO weak .... WTH ! 
I just remembered ... I could have done an application for SBS with youtube ... Instead of having to ( if I get accepted ) go to LA and waste a lot of money to get there(If I could even get the money in the first place ... ) :\ -.- 
" Obstacles which you have seen coming for quite some time are becoming ever clearer and you will not be able to put off taking them on for much longer . Tackle these challenges as soon as possible , even if this is difficult for you . The longer you ignore them the more likely they are going to overwhelm you and the harder it will be to overcome the resulting outcome . " -horoscope 
Prince Gumiho ... 
" Dont hesitate to accept invitations from others . You should now change your job ; its exactly a now-or-never situation . Refrain from eating a heavy meal after 5pm . Avoid making new investment . " -horoscope 
PLEASE tell me that means that I will make it to the next round of SBS ! PLEASE ! (%#!$^%$* & *^$) 
Who actually reads my posts ? Let's see who reads this entirely .... leave me a one word comment that best describes me using the first letter of your last name . It can only be one word . Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you . Don't just post a word and not copy .... 
The difficulties which you must overcome on your life's journey are mounting up at the moment . Take care that you don't overstretch your physical and mental resources . You should think long and hard about which difficulties really get in the way and are worthwhile expending your energy on . In this respect , miscalculations can easily lead to health problems . 
You'll meet the person whom you've been wanting to talk to since a long time . It will be necessary to calculate your expenses according to your money entries . Your love life is expected to be quite interesting . Don't count too much on the support of your friends . You'll be subject to backaches and rheumatic pains ; be careful and respect some elementary rules:don't lift too heavy weights , practice specific gymnastics . In your work , be ready to seize the good opportunities which will present themselves . 
There's a rumor going around that says boys are stronger then girls ! Oh Please ! Can you carry a 8lb baby in your stomach for 9mths ? Can you cook , clean and talk on the phone @ the same time ? Can you burn your forehead with a curling iron and not complain ? Can you walk all day in 5 " heels ? Can you cry all night then wake up the next morning like everything is okay ? Remember guys , women are only helpless until their nail polish dries :) Put this on your wall if you are PROUD of being a WOMAN 
Today was SO MUCH FREAKING FUN ! All of today was really quite good ! But I loved the choir activity night the MOST ! For a few hours I was finally able to get away from all of the things going on around me ! I WANT TO DO IT AGAIN ! ( But I would want it to be before March :| ) . I have met so many people this year(2011) ! I am really thankful for all of the friends and family I have ... Can't wait to see what happens in the future ... 
MY BODY HURTS ! Yadira and Prince I blame you ! I stretched too much ! ( And I don't normally stretch .. ) The activity night is partly to blame too XD 
It just reminds me of all the fun I had yesterday , so its okay ^^ I think ... 
TheTwo ofClubs means conversation , communication , sharing ideas and cooperation on a communication level . However it is also known as the card of fear and arguing . When it is present you may feel compelled to talk to others and to establish lines of communication . 
Look deeper into yourself and you may discover an inner conflict between your desire to be alone and to be with others . Talking to others may shed more light on who you are . Just make sure that you are being honest with yourself 
Next year's 
I've been hiccuping almost ALL DAY ! My throat hurts ! It would stop for a few minutes and then comeback ... -.- ALL DAY ! wth ! 
Prince and Yadira , since we(I ) didn't sing today ... should I just upload a crappy video of what I want to do for my SBS audition(If I make it to it even -.-) ? Do you think that would be a good idea or something ? 
Someone close is all talk right now -- so much so that you might decide that you need to grab them by the hand and take them away with you on your adventures . That might work out for the best ! 
I got a letter back from SBS ! I get to go audition in L.A. ! My mom also agreed to let me ! YAY ! Can not wait ! Now to practice my singing/my song ! 
Suddenly I'm feeling very anxious about the whole SBS audition .... 
Where is there a place to find RECENT K-pop music vocal sheet music ? I would have a MUCH easier time learning Hyuna's(Feat G.na and Junghyung ) A Bitter Day if I could see the sheet music ! But I can not find it ! Darn it ... I REALLY need it ... 
" You are asking all the right questions today -- so don't worry if you don't get any answers you like . That takes time , and you simply need to wait until you've asked enough people . " Does this have to do with me helping Yadira find tax credits ? 
What is the thing everyone keeps talking about how facebook changed ? I don't know if I know what it is or not ... Something might be different , but I don't know ... so what is it ...? 
NOW I know what it is ... Why does facebook feel the need to change all the time ? JUST when people get used to a change facebook makes another change ! WTH 
" Your goal is once more further from your grasp , thanks to a change in circumstances . Don't let this get you down . Think first of all thoroughly about the situation . Perhaps everything is not what it seems at first glance , and the apparent damage can be limited through appropriate action . If that is not the case think about this ; the journey is the goal . " The journey IS part of the goal 
* 22 , September 2011 - 15% 
* 21 , September 2011 - 45% 
* 20 , September 2011 - 43% 
* 19 , September 2011 - 83% 
My Daily Luck History . Today shall be a lucky day . 
I'm starting to feel really confident now ! I can't wait till Saturday ! 
I've sprained my ankle ... -.- 
At the moment you have come to a complete dead end . Nothing seems to be progressing and you are tempted to throw in the towel . Consider such moments as a test of your willpower and it will soon become clear how important it is to you that you follow through with your plans . You will then find the energy required to continue over all obstacles . Otherwise you must let it go and start again from a different perspective . 
Your positive energy comes back in a big rush of fun and good times  you should be able to make the most of almost any situation ! Make sure that your friends are all indulging themselves , too ! Prince Gumiho Yadira Estrada ! 
Your luck is about to change . Now is the time to believe you can succeed , imagine yourself living the life you desire , and it will all happen . Start eating more fruits and vegetables . Dont negotiate hard  you may scare away your contractors and waste great opportunities . Prince Gumiho Yadira Estrada 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO SHINee`s KEY ! 
I am on the greyhound bus on the way to LA ! I think the route is the same as when I went to San Diego last year . I am so excited for my audition . I feel confident right now ! Can not let go off this feeling ! 
FACEBOOK JUST RELEASED THEIR PRICE GRID FOR MEMBERSHIP . $9.99 PER MONTH FOR GOLD MEMBER SERVICES , $6.99 PER MONTH FOR SILVER MEMBER SERVICES , $3.99 PER MONTH FOR BRONZE MEMBER SERVICES , FREE IF YOU COPY AND PASTE THIS MESSAGE BEFORE MIDNIGHT TONIGHT . WHEN YOU SIGN ON TOMORROW MORNING YOU WILL BE PROMPTED FOR PAYMENT INFO ... IT IS OFFICIAL IT WAS EVEN ON THE NEWS . FACEBOOK WILL START CHARGING DUE TO THE NEW PROFILE CHANGES . IF YOU COPY THIS ON YOUR WALL YOUR ICON WILL TURN BLUE AND FACEBOOK WILL BE FREE FOR YOU . PLEASE PASS THIS MESSAGE ON IF NOT YOUR ACCOUNT WILL BE DELETED IF YOU DONT PASS 
Sometimes .. 
I have SO much Japanese and math homework to make up , some English too .... -.- I also have a lot of my collage homework to do also :\ How did I let it go for so long ! 
15 year old girl holds hands with her 1 year old son . People call her a " slut " , no one knows she was raped at age 14 . People call another guy " fat " , no one knows he has a serious disease causing him to be overweight . People call an old man " ugly " , no one knows he experienced a serious injury to his face while fighting for our country in the war . Re-post this if you are against bullying and stereotyping . I bet 88 of you won't , the other 22 aren't heartless and will . Hi , my name is Amy Bruce . I am 7 years old , and I have severe lung cancer . I also have a large tumor in my brain , from repeated beatings . Doctors say I will die soon if this isn't fixed , and my family can't pay the bills . The Make A Wish Foundation , has agreed to donate 7 cents for every time this message is sent on . For those of you who send this along , I thank you so much , but for those who don't send it , what goes around comes around . Have a Heart . 
Put this as your status . 
" It will be hard to get along with colleagues , primarily because youre so frustrated by their stuffy attitudes . It seems like everybody around you refuses to engage in creative thinking . Thankfully , you wont feel bound by outdated traditions . Keep experimenting with different techniques until you find a solution to a stubborn problem . " 
How is it that these can be so correct ! :( 
I wonder if the situation will be like 4th grade all over again ... I hated my elementary school years , even though I was more able to lie about being happy even though I wasn't .... * sigh * I don't want to go through it all over again ... 
You have been stopped completely in the midst of achieving your goals . Do not lie disappointed on the floor any longer , hoping for pity . Pick yourself up and continue to follow your dreams  even if they must be changed slightly . Don't act rashly and save your energy . If you see this problem as a challenge then soon nothing else will stand in your way . 
Spend the day getting ready for that big event coming up  you know what you need to do , though you may not know exactly how to get there . Ask for help if you think you could use it . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AFYwhapYFDc&feature=player_embedded 
I feel proud of myself . I can sing the LOW notes of this song AND the HIGH notes of IU's Good Day ! 
It's hard to explain to someone who has no clue . It's a daily struggle being in pain or feeling sick on the inside while you look fine on the outside . Please put this as your status for at least 1 hour if you or someone you know has an invisible illness ( PTSD , Anxiety , Bipolar , Depression , Diabetes , LUPUS , Fibromyalgia , MS , ME , Arthritis , Cancer , Heart Disease , Epilepsy , Autism , M.D. etc . ) " Never judge what you don't understand . " 
Sagittarius 
" Your dreams are making life much more interesting today -- in fact , you may want to write them down . One odd detail may jump out at you later today and lead you in a wild new direction . " 
? " YEEEAAAAAHHH , WOAH ! Come on , come on ! I got yooooou under my skin . " ? 
What ? Its not even 10 yet and Im already going to bed ? Why have I been so tired lately .. I swear Im getting sick .. 
I'm starting to feel excited for my next life ... if it will go as I think it will , I'll be happy :) 
I like watching this show " Kimchi Chronicles " It is interesting , has a lot good looking food , and tells about some of the Korean culture ... The food makes me VERY hungry , even though its just about all meat and I do not like to eat meat , it makes me feel like I want to -.- 
YOU'RE IN A HORROR MOVIE : 
List the first 8 people . 
1-Decides the creepy house is safe : Jasiel Hernandez Yep 
2-The one that says " I don't like this " : Joni Jernigan 
3-Jokes of it and tries to scare you : Sarita Janiqu Prieto 
... ... : 4-The first to go missing : Melissa Gmez 
5-The one who goes insane : Monique Guzman 
6-Murdered trying to save you : Dan-Thanh Nguyen 
7-Has your back : Raul Muoz 
8 the one u want to kill : Vu Cao 
Today , in my collage class , we watched the movie " Freedom Writers " (We have to do a 4-5 page essay on it ) and it really helped me to remember what it is that I REALLY want in life(Even if it means having to wait for my next life for it to come true ) , to help change the world , even if it's something as small as being a teacher that changes her students to be better people , that would be enough for me . 
Really wanting to eat meat lately .... I feel ashamed to call myself a vegetarian .... I haven't REALLY had meat for a while(As in I haven't eaten meat by itself or anything ... ) , but last night a ate a tamale with beef and it was soo good ... For the time being , I am not really going to be vegetarian , until I hate the taste of meat again ... -.- (Rambling on and on ) 
I'm excited for our choir concert ! Womens choir still needs quite a lot of work , but we can do it ! I can't wait to perform ! :D 
" Your organizational skills are in demand at work today . You can combine your colleagues ' ideas and thus triumph . This also has a positive effect on your self-confidence . Your friends will also notice a harmonious streak in you since you are able to bring different personalities together . Since you feel fit , you are preoccupied with the health of others . Don't forget , however , to also work on your own unhealthy lifestyle habits . " 
" Love 2NE1 ? Help them win MTV Iggy's Best New Band In The World ! Check out the nominees & vote here ! " Saw this in an ad titled Help 2NE1 Win ! :D I was looking at my horoscope and saw an ad about 2NE1 ! >:D 
Got a new book that I am interested in reading now :] Could be quite useful soon 
They're emo ? You'd cut too , if you'd been through what they have . 
She's anorexic ? You'd be too , if everyone called you fat everyday . 
She's a whore ? She made one mistake that cost her her reputation . 
They're a showoff ? Their parents abused them , they've never heard of praise . 
They're loud ? They're invisible at home , and want to be heard . 
... ... They're quiet ? They're afraid to speak , they're scared to get made fun of . 
They're fat ? They binge , because they miss their dead family members . 
They're a geek ? They want to get into a college , so they can support their poverty ridden family . 
They don't wear Abercrombie ? Their parents have been out of work for months , clothes aren't their top priority . 
They're ugly ? What is the definition of beauty ? Who are you to judge them ? 
You Know Their Names Not Their Stories . Re-post If Your Against Bullying , If Not .... Keep Scrolling 
Making lettuce wraps ! :D with meat , and some veggies ! 
So now I ( kind of ) pass out when I start to feel emotion(Other than happiness , cause that just wouldn't make any sense to pass out when I'm happy ... ) .... Just GREAT ... -.- I guess I'm emotionally stressed out(And I'm already an emotional type of person ... ) 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VEOKSpViv3s&feature=c%C2%ADhannel_video_title%EF%BB%BF 
Is this even possible ? A ) it was put out on the 15th of september and B)It only has 302 freaking views ! IS THAT EVEN POSSIBLE ! 
It took me over 6 hours just to watch a 2 hour show ... I seriously don't even know how it could have happened like that ... 
The Mystic Meg app is gone :( I actually liked that app ... 
Eating some ramyun :D ! With veggies ! :D :D 
Yes , I'm a girl . I push doors that clearly say PULL ... I laugh harder when I try to explain why I'm laughing ... I walk into a room and forget why I was there ... I count on my fingers in math ... I say it is a long story when it's really not ... I say I'm ok when I'm really not ... Yes , I'm a girl !!!!! Re-post if you're proud to be one !? 
I smell chicken from one of my neighbors .... Would Onew be there ? :) 
" Can you feel my heartbeat " :D I haven't heard this song is so long ... I freaking LOVE this song so much ! :D :D " listen to my heart . beat . " 
-.- I hate storms , I hate them ! I loved the fact that its raining here in Phoenix ... But then add a lot of lighting and thunder ..... -.- I know ... I'm overreacting ... But I really hate it ... 
Is it wrong that I just counted how many people who have betrayed/lied/broke my trust with them/left me/tried to leave me/have hurt me/bullied me ? And I came out with 16 people ( Unless you count 4th grade when everyone in my class and some that didn't even know me picked on me) -.- wth ? 
I just finished making noodles .. Took 1hour to get it as close to what I want it as possible .. IT IS REALLY SPICY ! I put in(what Linh Prince Gumiho said)Korean(spicy)powder , it didnt do what I wanted .. so I added Thai spicy powder . I also added onions , Romain lettuce , soy sauce .. I put in too much water and now I have a bowl of just spicy water .. The noodles are actually kind of good though :) 
Lolz 
Thats good ! 
Just got home from the choir concert ! Everyone did so great ! Can't wait till the next one , I know we'll be even better ! :D Choir people , Fighting ! 
Am I crazy or is it kind of cool here in PHOENIX AZ ? 
" Try to push your boundaries a little -- things are getting weird , and you just have to get a little weirder ! If you can find a new way to get ahead , you are sure to find that things get better for you . " Things sure are getting weird .. 
I made some more noodles , but this time I put in some broth(cubes -.-) , and it tastes SOO GOOD ! My mom is eating some even though it is reallllly spicy(She does NOT like spicy things ) , and she can't stop eating it :D Neither can I . The mission is/was a success ! >:D 
This is weird ... Something that I had hanging up in my closet SOMEHOW ended up on the VERY bottom of the closet , underneath heavy bags ( of things that I'm afraid that if I go through and put in my room that my room will become messy ... ) . But seriously .... How did that happen ? It was a hanging thing that had my shoes in it , that was hanging ABOVE the bags for a few months , suddenly , I open my closet and it was found under the bags , my shoes that were in it were scattered UNDER the bags ! HTH ? 
Fearful ( " erm ... I better not ... " ) 
You have a fearful relationship style . Fearful people tend to think of themselves as unlovable , and of others as untrustworthy or rejecting . Therefore , they protect themselves from rejection by avoiding close relationships , resulting in low levels of romantic or social involvement . They find it hard to rely on others , seldom disclose themselves to others , and probably rarely find someone whom they can confide in when they are upset . Their interpersonal style is characterized by lack of assertiveness and social inhibition . Fearful people can consider developing a healthy self-image and a more positive view of others . 
Whenever ' Replay ' come on when I'm listing to my Kpop play-list I ALWAYS get up and start dancing to whatever I can remember ! :D I need to practice it again , I forgot some of it ... Whenever I hear any song I know any of the dance to , I start dancing what I know -.- without even knowing that I'm doing/going to do it :) 
