is not really feeling the whole facebook thing :/ Melancholy -> Contentment -> repeat repeat 
peruses the cavernous depths of forgotten fanfiction and ponders what makes " good " and " bad " art - I mean , I just got done reading Lovecraft ( " low " art in his day , " high " /studied art today ) , and really there isn't much difference in quality in many pieces 
feeling inert as old wood , called a jerk , not feeling much in the way of companionship . Trashed or trashing ? Guilty or guilting ? Going to sleep . 
fanfiction !! 
would rather stay in his nice , cool , dark house listening to music than go out into the world , which often has dissenting opinions . Selfish ? Yes . Lazy ? Yes . Awesome ? Yes . 
A refuge found in exile , he'll take a stand , he'll lose himself , bewildered by your kindness 
the . hack//SIGN soundtrack is so beautiful 
the wise man , when faced with a challenge , throws caution to the wind with disregard 
40,000 days have grasped the throat of time , making each day the same ; only different are the clouds 
Dreams are fun 
HARRY DID YOU PUT YOUR NAME IN THE GOBLET OF FIRE ??? 
as pillars of strength in moments of doubt 
just finished hanging out with the guitarist/composer of Thinking Plague , Mike Johnson !!!!! 
neuroticism knows no limits . Nervous around girls ? Check . Nervous around strangers/new acquaintances ? Check . Nervous around even close friends sometimes ? Check . By myself ? More like " thinking too much " , but also check . Ah , well , these things happen ... 
World Record track 1 
Acting on your best behavior , turn your back on mother nature , everybody wants to rule the world 
just played a great show at Moe's Hookah Bar . Thanks to everyone who made it . People said they loved it , but in typical " tortured artist " fashion I have to wonder whether they really " got it " or not ... ah well , I'm sure it was good enough 
Please come see my band , The Futurist Quartet , perform today ( Wednesday ) at 10pm , at Moe's Hookah Bar in Norman , OK if possible 
two things : Chrono Trigger has been very fun so far , and PAPRIKA IS LIKE THE BEST MOVIE EVAR 
is Marvin the Paranoid Android 
gaming is dead , you just don't seem to get it ; it's what everybody's thinking but I'm just the one who said it 
day after day the show must go on 
the first day of school was nice ; but when I get home , I feel kind of empty . 
celebs celebs celebs celebs celebs celebs celebs celebs celebs . Say it all 10 times fast and see if you can hold down your lunch . 
revisiting pain and neuroses past , circa summer of 2007 . Ouch , but " Fallin ' Ditch ain't gonna get my bones ... " , not right yet at least 
is back in Tulsa 
just saw Yes live in concert !!!! @.@ 
has this weird spasm in his left thigh where it feels like a phone is vibrating there , so I try to answer it , but there's nothing there . :/ 
is in Norman , for those who do not know ... 
here comes long lonely , here comes the blues ... 
Habane-Renmei = awesome 
Rest in Peace , Michael Phillip Wright . 
Please , before it is gone forever , listen to my songs on OverLooked ReMiX , the greatest of all video game music remix sites , and take a moment to remember the good times . http://olremix.org/remixers/penguindf12 
hated everybody at the fair , then viewed them non-judgementally in an exercise to aleve his frustrated , angry judgemental-ness . It worked , but only when he forgot he was supposed to be upset in the first place and all that , and had a bit of fun . Oh well , I've learned this lesson before , I'll learn it again 
Three cheers for insanity ! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=we7aJ8g2nzM My friends filmed this a while back , please watch it - it's very good . 
hears beautiful music in his head , then when it comes time to write it down , suddenly it sucks 
is assembling midi files , pdfs , and finale notation to arrange for his experimental/progressive combo , ( hopefully ) to be performing at Catlett this spring ! 
My name is Yon Yonson , I come from Wisconsin ... 
My suggestion to all of you : go mad ! Get out while you still can ! Go mad while you're young , for maximum satisfaction . 
do the frog ; croak croak croak . do the frog ; it's no joke ( it ain't no joke ! ) 
it can jump ! It can hop ! It can be in demand .... MY KARUBI !! 
wishes he could complain about his workload , but he lost his power of speech today , tore it away ... XD 
people are creatures 
sometimes you just need to sit down with a couple of friends and be hateful . There's not enough negativity in the world ! 
exeunt 
is co-hosting a Halloween Party this Saturday in Norman - anyone want to come ? You are invited ! 
is playin ' Halloween songs at a children's party 
I am as empirically important as the tree growing outside of my apartment , with its sparse leaves and unidentified fruits . 
just played a concert for children of Halloween songs !! 
" rest in sight , I see none ... " v.v 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8QQJZt_IHQk&feature=related 
why doesn't facebook work any more with Internet Explorer ? 
why not prove to me you can make some decisions ? Let's not let monkey-see david-do axioms infiltrate our workplace . Aim for zero injuries ! Are you sure you can please all those who've made their money mine - I mean , ours - for the taking ? We're partners now , though I'm a few years up on you . Listen to a thing or two - I can tell you what to do , and someday , by God , this will all be yours . 
Doin ' thangs 
Time and space stretch out before you , and the universe implores you to take your place amongst all things , and to see what the morning brings . 
The agonies of morning routine : wake up ( the worst ) , shower , eat , pack lunch , brush teeth ... these morning rituals have left me in despair . 
http://www.thefossibles.com/index.php 
anime concert 8:00 pm at Pitman hall in Catlett tonight , featuring songs from Miyazaki films ! Come if you can ! 
Lou Albano died today , at the age of 76 . Please take a moment to remember him . 
here comes long lonely ; here comes da blues ... 
others can do animation better than me !! I'm in Despair !!! 
Telemachus-Hamlet-Stephen Daedalus . So far , I have completed the first chapter of Ulysses , and it is good . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ic5aOV1XYJg 
still procrastinating ... Gentle Giant is still the best band ever ... still procrastinating ... 
likes that vague buzz you feel after waking up from a good nap 
had the best time he's had at an anime con in years , thanks to a combination of Mike Dean and a swig of happiness 
James Joyce . Exeunt . Parappola ! In extremis mundi , excelsior , ex sempres si . 
action comes before motivation 
if you don't perceive it , it isn't there ( speaking in abstraction ; exceptions to this include possible supernatural evils/goods , as well as tangible things . however , please allow my purely philosophical conceit ) 
What does one do when one wishes to talk to a very attractive girl ? Two sentences in : " you're hott " ; killer finishing line : " Ilikeyouletsgoonadateorsomethingsometimewhatsyourfacebookornumberorsomethin . " Smooooooooth 
compares and contrasts subjectivity with objectivity both in renaissance madrigals and modern home-made film projects 
bropower !! 
logical fallacies are the order of the day ! 
the disco makes me sick , I wear the wrong clothes , I say the wrong things , you know I can't dance my feet are much too wide , I'm on the outside , I see them go to work , I see them go to school , I see them laugh and cry , I'm on the outside , I'm on the outside 
this is the end , my only friend , the end ... 
John Cage : " I have nothing to say , and I'm saying it . " I think I know what to do now as a composer 
synthesizes the screams of children with his newest patch in Max/MSP ! 
was just in an amazing awkward film 
Good to be in Tulsa , alas how rarely 
Poking seems futile -_- 
still bored , still Thursday , still haven't done that paper 
fell for one of those Facebook trolls - some cute-looking girl with a familiar-sounding name , so you friend her and don't say anything because you don't want to look like a dumbass , but you eventually realize it's some porn site or virus thing and defriend her , but you still feel kind of like a moron , even though you managed to escape the scam . 
gotta love that rain 
Better to be honest and yourself than succeed falsely . Of course , this requires a certain responsibility , but acceptance is very important rather than banging your head against a wall . Especially on a lovely , rainy day such as this one . 
world-weary , he looks out on all humanity simultaneously as a part and apart . Clutching staff in hand , he walks back down into the infinite plains to rejoin until such time as he climbs another hill , and another , until all he one day reaches sea 
stop thinking , stop worrying 
Some Questions About Hats : can one wear uncanny hats ? can one weather hats ? can one wear feather hats ? Concentrate on irate hats , radiate from hats , when sated : vacate hats 
is just exhausted from the act of helping shoot the most offensive movie ever made 
Just put one foot in front of the other , and soon you'll be walking ' cross the floor - just put one foot in front of the other , and soon you'll be walking out the door ! 
sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep . I feel guilty - I haven't been working extremely hard on finals ( yet ) , but I know I'll do a good job when I finally get around to it ( at the last minute ) . Ah , fate . 
I was alone , and hear about the riot and looked out : where was it ? how bad was it ? will my house be damaged ? 
is more of a " professional musician " every day ! 
kyrie eleison , christe eleison , kyrie eleison 
Izumicon ? 
build a flanger with his bear hands 
the band is picking up . I guess I fell asleep at the wheel , so everything's going right 
" getting into " Karlheinz Stockhausen is HARD . Also , there's a Halloween party this Friday , and U R INVITED . Live music provided by " M.C. Freeze " and " Fratcula " ! SPOOOOKYYYY 
almost feels guilty for the film he helped birth . He is prepared to lose friends . 
Sarah Palin photos $15 each , AND you have to buy her book ?? Man , Sarah , I thought you were cool :( 
Meow . Life is pushing a rock up a hill , it rolls back down , you push it up again , it rolls once more . Enjoy it . Camus . 
stays true to his beliefs , in yet another stunning victory against doubt ! 
moo 
Poor Career Paths part III : " Joycean Scholar " 
pretty much had the best time ever making a fool of myself at Ray-Ray's Halloween Bash ! 
the best films are the films that personally attack people for no reason at all 
So here's the joke : A boy flunks history . His teacher admonishes him , informing him that he will have to retake the class next semester . He asks why . The teacher responds . What does the teacher say ? 
if I would only stand up , maybe I could stand up . 
" no no no no no no no stop that cynical line / mind , cease your spinning and unwind " 
( Vos must ) pugna pro vestri potestas ( tripudio ) 
is unhappy . There , I said it . 
should try not to ramble to those who do not ramble as well . Also , I've got a 5-7 page paper due Friday I haven't started weee 
You know , I was once in a band called The Diabetic Wonders . We pretty much were the best . 
notating " How to Clean Squid " 
What is it with everyone's avatars being Pokemon ?? It seems like 1/5 of my friends are doing it , and I refuse to conform . 
is tired , and wants to sleep . 
have no use for riches , have no use for power , have no use for a broken heart I'll let this world go by 
hot girlz post in this thread 
is Popeye the Sailor Man . 
gives in to the peer pressure just for kicks . 
A good Thursday afternoon ? A myth . 
cannot wait to come home to a warm bed , family , friends , winter atmosphere , cocoa , Christmas tree , um , bells , whistles , The Eagles , drum sets , a bass guitar , The Scandanavian Boogie ... uh , penguins ... popped-collars . Elvis . 
Wake up late , do nothing . 
so much stuff to study , so little interest . Best to gloss over the abstract on wikipedia , then steal the term and make it your own . 
take me home , country roads 
no matter how hard I try , no matter how much I train , I will never be as good as Captain Beefheart and The Magic Band . 
can't sleep , yet has class at 8 tomorrow ... alas . 
travelling to Arkansas to see the fam 
quick !!! call me a quack !!! 
all things extant in this world : gods of heaven , gods of earth : let everything be as it should be . Thus shall it be ! 
Michael Johnson vs . Michael Jackson . Which one is cooler ?????? 
" Elf " is actually a pretty cool movie 
" don't plant taters ... don't plant cotton ... " I couldn't believe it when I found this buried in 5uu's " Truth , Justice , and the American Way , " which gets better with every listen 
tell of the birth , tell how War appeared on Earth 
is a vampire . 
aww yeah 3.74 overall GPA woot woot * gloats * 
" a hot cup of ginger tea ... " 
to one in paradise : 
bad career paths part XI : coming up with bad career paths 
act the fool onstage with a raptor mask , and wonder why you feel like people are looking at you funny in the halls afterward 
joined the Drakecon forums . Plots evil . 
poor career paths part IV : Depressed Counselor 
is back in Tulsa , and pretty glad to be here 
Jingle Bells , Dex style : http://www.megaupload.com/?d=A8UAQ3MF 
is mixing up a White Christmas with his favorite music-editing software ! 
is writing mutant jazz music with his computer 
' tis is a symbol of Irish art 
Ever have that feeling that things are going to well , but it leaves a sinking feeling and you don't know why ? I have that now ... 
inexplicably depressed :( 
going to The Flaming Lips ' concert ... Happy New Year's all ! 
This decade : " the year of the celeb " - Tulsa World 
fiction is not reality 
it's all about the 5 . The 5uu's . 
It is now Saturday and for entertainment I woke up , ate food and read about Cronenburg for a few minutes , got bored , and went back to sleep for 3 more hours 
somebody likes snouts ! 
just wasted a good hour tab-browsing TV Tropes Wiki :( http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/HomePage 
1 . We do what we do , in a given situation , because we are what we are . 
Kansas City , Kansas City here I come 
you better watch out , you better cry 
Every single one of us goes through life depending on and bound by our individual knowledge and awareness ... and we call it reality . However , both knowledge and awareness are equivocal . One's reality might be another's illusion . We all live inside our own fantasies , don't you think ? 
playing Chrono Trigger - finally 
The True Artist cannot expect to be understood in his lifetime 
once again overthinks 
Pulled an all-nighter , full-on classic , with bells and whistles 
Who will accuse us , if we choose to dream - to to take a world already made - to sit before a fire that warms and not to ask who built it , or what burns ? 
Just completed the ultimate masterpiece , " Make Love to a Computer " 
running up and down the block screaming " Hello !! It's me !! " - who do you want , I'll be whoever you want 
I contributed two tracks to this , so check it out if you are so inclined : http://dkc2.olremix.org/ 
death by having to do WORK 
fist day of school :D 
hazy post-sleep feeling :) 
Three cheaply recorded tracks uploaded to myspace from The Futurist Quartet : www.myspace.com/thefuturistquartet 
in Tulsa 
Do the Humpty Hump , come on n ' do the Humpty Hump 
once upon a time there was a guy . He rocked . Spoiler : he was me . 
Completely remade Daft Punk's " One More Time " using the original sample source , many hours of work , and effects 
just when you think you've learned basic social conduct , you're facing yet another restraining order 
Me tie dough-ty walker ! 
Dexter Ford is about to embark upon a musical journey : of legendary Proportions . 
if a dude comes up to you and says , " lend me your ears , " don't do it . He'll just run off with them & never come back , and you'll be left earless . Eerie/Earie ! 
Digital Underground = da bomb 
Remember kids : action often comes before motivation ! So if you find yourself procrastinating , sitting on facebook writing a self-referential status instead of doing the mountain of work you have , just remember : ARRRRRGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH 
once upon a time , there was a man that couldn't come up with anything to write on his status . Spoiler : He be me 
some people you just can't connect with , no matter what . 
sleep is the holiest of these 
I do not work efficiently . But I work well . Unless you count efficiency as part of " well . " 
" They Called Him John Q .... " 
needs to watch his mouth , and possibly even his thoughts . Just because I think it doesn't make it apparent , just because I say it doesn't make it sincere . I'm sorry . 
" Sooner or later , there will come a time when you have to slow down to survive , and that journey to slow down would be a difficult one ; so I’m wishing everyone good luck with that . I hope [ we ] will go through the process of slowing down ; I have found my own senses have opened in high resolution since that happened . ” - Takao 
FREAK OUT !!! 
got all set up for the day to suck , but as usual he got un-tired towards the end and optimistic . Tomorrow the same thing will happen again . I NEEDS SLEEPS 
You can get little sleep one night and be okay , but two nights does not work as well . 
My heart beats in 7/8 time . 
we are pretty much alone in this world , and animals . Oh well , at least I've got myself . :D 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-P9FjArlxs at 2:12 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mRsDgtqtx5Q 
is in Tulsa 
With my Kansas City Baby and a Bottle of Kansas 
Happy V-Day . 
is not bigger than Xavier Cugat , the mambo king 
Cat's foot , iron claw , neurosurgeons scream for more ... 
Tutti Frutti : Oh Rudy . Tutti Frutti : On Rudy . Tutti Fruity ; aw Rudy . 
" This life is bare and cold , and I am old and tired of truth ; must we forever make our history in this cold country ? " 
has been talking amongst his peers , burning the oils of night as we concoct our manifesto which is certain to revolutionize interactive media 
good times occur when you are with a bunch of friends , slightly tipsy , and jocular . 
" I'm so bored , I could eat a horse ! " - Dex 
it's times like this that I remember how bad I am in large social groups . 
My baby does the hanky panky . 
" music school equipment cannot be perceived as being used for ... THAT sort of music " -- OU School of Music policy regarding the performance of " popular music " ( ie , Thinking Plague ) with its equipment . 
Drop out of school son ! Start a novelty hip-hop band ! 
: I wonder what all of this work is for . I mean , I don't get a huge amount of enjoyment out of it , I tend to prefer free time . Maybe I should try to reorient my life around free time rather than meaningless/unenjoyable work . 
What will this evening bring me this morning ? 
I am in support of people who are feeling bad , left out , miserable , depressed , or discontent . 
kick back , pop open a beer , watch the tsunami roll in 
All is well in Dexterland 
life is short ; why not be sad ? 
Don't compare yourself to the best doing their best . 
keeps getting answering machines . He wishes they were questioning machines . 
Me singing in a suit ! Ladies beware ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4VL5t6LSwA 
would like to announce his Dexter's Laboratory show this Wednesday . Who's coming ? 
may I interject that organized religion in general is a bit of a show ? ditto atheism , actually . Christianity itself is mostly bunk ; but the bulk of the actual message and teachings are useful . Common sense , good judgement , and basic concepts of love , I generally consider are a bad idea to shove aside . 
is eating ice cream 
when in doubt , party out 
200 motels . 
be illin ' . Throat hurts , slight fever . 
The show rocked , daddy-o . 
Dad gum it , I had another tornado dream . 
is disappointed tonight . Bummer City . 
comes up with a fun status to write that isn't neurotic in the least 
Poor old fellow ; he went mad . He will die HOWLING . 
I am 28.6% Gay ! According to http://gay.evilsun.org/ 
to sleep , perchance to dream . 
watches movies naked with friends of both genders . No sex . 
why is it that when I try really really hard , I fail , but when I don't try at all , I succeed ? I wish I was a tad more ignorant ... 
for some reason my internet breaks any time someone tries to chat/PM me :P 
I'LL SHOW YOU THE LIFE OF THE MIND !! 
attractive bodies everywhere , but not a soul to cuddle . 
Oh Web Archive , take me back to my simpler days of waiting for " Banjo-Tooie " to come out 
Come watch me and some cool dudes plays some music tonight at 8 in Pitman hall in Catlett ! For free , yo 
And he saw a vision : A massive ensemble ( 20 people , or more ) , all packed in a garage , playing Halloween music to children in late October . And he got to work composing . 
I had a dream that in ancient Greece , you say " Excepting Hellicon and Form ... " before performing any improvisation . Naturally , this phrase would be said before any social interaction whatsoever . I wonder if it would be said today , or have things become more scripted ? 
" I'm a bandleader ; not only can I drink a whole lot , but I play 23 different instruments too and I don't even know how to read music . Self-taught ! You know , couldn't tell it though to hear me play . When I play and sway in rhythm to the catchy little tunes that I know , all the girls for 5 miles around get hot pants for me - hotcha ! " 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tuskegee_Study_of_Untreated_Syphilis_in_the_Negro_Male#Ethical_implications 
Man , looking through the craigslist personals section is a mildly eye-opening experience . 
and now to watch Dexter's Laboratory on late-night TV 
would love to be able to imitate any composer's style at the push of a button 
Try to keep your thoughts on what's in their head , not in their pants . 
slept 14 hours 
Question : Was Hitler evil ? Give me your opinions . 
New Radiohead album suddenly announced coming out in 2 days ? Pre-order download for $9 ? I'll buy that ! 
UGH Now I've gotta go find a trombone ! >:( 
MLP : FiM 
She's an evil enchantress , and she does evil dances / and if look deep in her eyes , she will put you in trances / then what will she do ? she'll mix up an evil brew / then she'll gobble you up in a big tasty stew / so ... watch out ! 
Side Two of " Lumpy Gravy " just isn't the same after watching " My Little Pony . " 
" A stronger and more visible sign of dissent is sadly improbable in Equestria ; the difficulties of overthrowing a ruler who literally controls the movement of the sun would prove daunting to even the staunchest revolutionary . Unless , of course , Pinkie Pie were to construct a machine that replicates this function " 
Black n ' White coming out Sunday ... gonna get me a copy Monday , Black version , pre-ordered . 
Whenever I go in for my weekly Composition lessons with Dr. K , it's all " Dexter Ford , my most faithful student , what have you learned about the Magic of Serialism ? " and I tell him about my adventures 
We fight the fight , walk the walk , eat the , uh , food ... 
" Have you ever wondered what it might sound like to play a bunch of your songs with a group consisting of 14 or 15 people , most of whom don’t know your songs , and if you ( the singer ) also had bronchitis ? Well wonder no more ! " - BD 
Standard thought during homework : " Man , I really need to look at some cute ponies . " 
4:30 pm - Installs Pro Tools LE 
4:39 pm - it doesn't work 
4:40 pm - uninstalls it 
4:42 pm - reads the manual 
4:45 pm - reinstalls it while following instructions 
4:50 pm - it doesn't work 
5:00 pm - crippling depression 
5:30 pm - internet research 
6:00 pm - deletes crappy windows update 
6:15 pm - magically works , but feels forsaken by logic & technology 
Pootie Tang is a good movie . 
My muse makes infrequent appearances through radio interferences ... 
Hello , my name is ... George W . Bush ... and I ... am a reptile leader ... 
You're not reading this ! April Fool's!! 
See if you can guess what I'm thinking of . 
Why is it that hats and the absurd are oft one ? 
Account just got hacked . :( 
New pony episode ! Great as usual . 
Mute broot ain't got no soot , mute broot gonna get da boot ! 
Who is it that sits outside my apartment in their truck , idling the engine at 2am every night ? What are they doing ? The purr of the engine soothes me , but this happens far too often ... 
Dracula vs . The Invisible Man 
will be yelling and making strange noises into a mic at 6pm tonight , then playing video games in front of a live studio audience at 8 - Come on out 
Michael Dean , Lead Machine 
I like rain . 
" This morning I was diagnosed with lung candy . " 
1 . Get up from this computer . 
2 . Go to school . 
3 . FINISH YOUR DANG HOMEWORK 
A buncha baby ducks , send ' em to the moon ... 
" ... and that's how Equestria was made ! " 
You know your music's good when every so often there is a blast that literally forces you out of your seat 
#wow #whoa 
Really sleepy #wow #whoa 
Matthew & friends just made a really great video ! 
stomps through his Finals with reptilian Feet . 
Listening to the Ranma theme song on repeat . What is wrong with me . 
" Barry Trotter and the Unauthorized Parody " is an amazing book . 
back in town son 
don't lay an finger on the butterfinger 
Rollin ' on home to Tulsa ... lil ' dawgies 
She is neither fish , nor flesh , nor good red herring . 
Asterios Polyp - Polyp = Asterios 
Asterios - s = Asterio 
Asterio + d = Asteroid 

Asteriod . 
I go online and find that others share my desire to sleep & dream as opposed to doing schoolwork 
" Every harlot was a virgin once . " - William S . Blake 
Threepenny Opera , and I'm leaving tomorrow . 
the rats , the rats , the hideous rats in the walls !! 
Just spent the last hour showing some Robots from the Future around campus 
I got a letter and the letter it said : May God's richest blessings be upon you ! 
Dr. K - It's 4:20 , and you know what that means . Me - ( says nothing , thinks everything ) Dr. K - That's right , composition lessons are over ! 
Don't listen to V-I cadence " Common Practice Music . " Dance to it . Don't sit in silence and revery . Put it on in the background and dance with someone of the opposite sex . Or the same sex . Or put it on and stare into a crackling fire . BUT DON'T LISTEN TO IT AT A CONCERT HALL 
Frickin ' thunderstorms . They're still scary . 
Mr. Bojangles is currently a skeleton ; if anyone knocks , don't answer . 
we shall seize from all heroes and merchants our labour , our lives , and our practice of history ! 
Nothing like watching The Brave Little Toaster when you're feeling blue 
Well spank my bottom and call me Stingy 
http://www.americasfunnyman.com/tour.html 
Anyway http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lb1cY-jI3DA 
So , all my friends are in agreement : Modernism is passe . However , the battle still rages over whether post-modern or post-post-modern is " it . " We are so meta 
Bob Drake's wonderful , hitherto unreleased Jazz Album !! : http://soundcloud.com/b-d-1/sets/withers-old-time-town-square-cabaret-orchestra-1 
listening to Neil Hamburger stand-up comedy 
Moving crap from a full hard drive to an outboard one is a slow , painstaking process . And it sucks . 
booorrrreeed 
" ... and began to play a repertoire of King Crimson material amongst their peers ' requests for Lynyrd Skynyrd and Deep Purple , thus ensuring a prolonged and frustrating virginity . " 
Can there be anything sadder than a human turned into rubber tubing ? 
Who rated me on " my personality " ? I enjoy the gesture ! But it won't let me see who did it :/ 
man , love hurts . I'm finding that out tonight . So many dudes and girls out there , drunk and alone , with nothing to do and nowhere to go . Well , okay , I already knew that . But memory can be refreshed by IM . 
I yearn to bleach your skull and use it on my desk as a novelty pencil holder . 
" I'm not going to get Stockholm Syndrome for effing Captain Beefheart . " - Mike Dean . 
my computer is kaput 
Love me tender , love me sweet , love me like I love my feet . 
this is why I walk and talk this way 
And the boredom sets in ... The many projects to do , the lack of desire to do them , the facebook keeping me from leaving my computer and doing something else ... 
WHO KILLED ARTHUR ZIMMERMAN IN 1987 ?? 
Peel's foe , not a set animal , laminates a tone of sleep . 
Sometimes , the more research you do on a band , the less you enjoy it . ( Other times the reverse happens . ) 
Lycanthrope ! Featuring Brandie Gaudette ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fG5IjQnhMtI 
Oh moon of Alabama , we now must say goodbye ... 
Great new idea ! Slash fanfiction based around the members of Henry Cow ! The fact that half the band was women at one point makes it especially salient . I'll do a songfic on " Living in the Heart of the Beast " where Tim Hodgkinson adopts extremist socialist views because his secret love ( Dagmar ) has fallen for U.K. capitalist and Virgin executive Richard Bronson ! Oh the heartache ! 
" ... and I bet some ancient Greek said it , since they said almost everything . " - Galen Strawson 
is the awesomest kid in music school . 
It sure is fun watching men in power all havin ' hott secretaries . 
THE STARK EXISTENTIAL HORROR OF HONEST ED'S 
In such a country , and at such a time , there should be no melancholy evenings ... 
is coming home to Tulsa - this weekend ! 
Dad : Those brown shoes do not go with shorts [ you look like a dweeb ! ] 
Me : I don't care . 
Dad : Women DO care . I bet you missed a GOLDEN OPPORTUNITY at the library this evening with that crap on . 
Me : I bet I didn't . 
just took the Scientology " OXFORD CAPACITY ANALYSIS TEST " . And I didn't even get my results :( 
Going to see America's Funnyman , Neil Hamburger tonight ( Tuesday ) , 9:30 pm , at the Opolis for $10 ! Anyone want to come with ? 
Evangelion : still awesome My computer : broken This Thursday : me yelling through a megaphone and destroying lawn gnomes . 6pm in Catlett . BE THERE 
Following uneasy dreams , Dexter Ford awoke to find himself transformed into a _____ 
Why does it feel so good to go through your list of " friends " and delete half of them ? Perhaps the destruction of pretense . However , I have a feeling that if I were more honest with myself , I'd have taken out about 15 or 20 more . Ah well . 
" How we would dream of where we would be when the future comes ; of how you would paint while I wrote my songs . Strange how you never become the person you see when you're young . " 
" I can't seem to get near you , on these cold days - sitting , rapt in a blanket , staring at the fire ... " - Fred Frith 
Megaphone yelling : tonight at 6pm in Catlett 
Asuka Langley Soryu from Evangelion = Angelica from Rugrats 
Oh Henry Cow , will you ever stop being awesome ? A : No . 
Beethoven : Symphonies no 2 , 3 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 9 
Final Fantasy : II , III , V , VI , VII , IX 
This Thursday at 6pm I will be yelling through a megaphone and banging obscene objects together at Catlett . Anyone intrigued is required to attend . 
3.68 cumulative GPA ! 
It seems that there are no more songs 
: once again feels strange in a social gathering . 
Nobody feels much after squishing one cockroach , but after murdering 20 cockroaches ( not an exaggerated number ) in the school music hall over the space of 2 1/2 hours , I started to feel inhuman and cruel , rather like a Nazi officer . But I just kept skooshing every one I saw - it was me or them , I knew that . They'll win in the end , of course . 
boooorrrreeed 
If it was a violin to be , answer the telephone ; and if anyone asks you " please , " it was " trees . " Mr. Bojangles , I reach you ; Mr. Bojangles , I reach you ; Mr. Bojangles , I reach you . 
It's times like this I'm glad that I am not an unwed mother . 
When it comes to women , either the man has to instantly drag the girl away with steely look-before-you-leap resolve , or the girl has to have feelings for the guy first ( involving his complete ignorance of her existence , otherwise he'll bathe her in useless attention ) and makes them known after a period of time . Both situations inevitably end poorly . 
If I ever become as famous as Pink Floyd or Yes for doing " progressive " music , then fall into a less inventive pattern , I hope I have the sense to release a ridiculous album of bizarre originality then take up my true calling as a janitor . 
a lava waterfall !!! 
Ripping Shostakovich's Cello Concerto but listening to Thugnificent's " Booty Butt Cheeks " on Youtube . I just had to share this once I realized it . 
do it , do it , before the night falls , before before before 
Party ( n . ) - a social gathering oriented towards surface features & unspoken niceties . Those best at obeying the arbitrary rules will have much " success " here . All others , please stay in your own mind and avoid this sort of game-oriented environment . 
I feel the Earth move , I feel the tumbling down the tumbling down 
" Knock knock 
Who's there ? " x 300 
" Philip Glass " 
why do people always seem to die of mysterious circumstances whenever I try to start a band with them ? :( 
Sweet mystery of life I will remember , sweet mystery of life I will re- 
why have I never watched Daria before ? 
... I should be asleep 
watching Adult Swim's Tim & Eric Show ( now extremely not funny ) , the commercials between episodes , and old Boomerang cartoons like Richie Rich can make one depressed . 
Give me bad ideas for experimental crossover fanfiction . GO 
pep-talked to myself in the shower around 4pm ; motivated myself into working for an hour ; gave up and watched " Sayonara , Zetsubou Sensei " for 5 hours ( and still ongoing ) 
Who wants to go to the State Fair with me in Tulsa ?? 
is back in Tulsa and ready to PARTY !!!!????!!??!?!?!?!?! 
Leonard Bernstein's Mass is THE SH*T 
what I wouldn't give for a nice woman to hold ... 
you ... party , animal you . 
goin ' on Freewheel tomorrow . Not gonna be back until next Saturday . 
" The philosopher Plato suggests in his book that music has a direct effect on the soul . Therefore he proposes that in the ideal regime music should be closely regulated by the state . ( Book VII ) " 
America's Funnyman still has it . 
It's times like this , you're at home alone , you start talking to yourself , you stare at old videos you made for two hours ... the boredom sets in ... 
TV PARTY TONIGHT !!! TV PARTY TONIGHT !!!! 
" Stockhausen's initial reaction was that he was not interested in writing a string quartet - but then one night he dreamed he was flying above four helicopters , each carrying a member of a string quartet . He immediately set to work writing his Helicopter String Quartet . " 
Trading in the rock music for the classical . For a while . 
" I had hardly any patience with the serious work of life which , now that it stood between me and my desire , seemed to me child’s play , ugly monotonous child’s play . " 
Donk 13 : http://www.tindeck.com/listen/gvnv 
defeated by Chrono Trigger's final boss no less than 10 times or so . I should probably level up . 
living in Sad City . 
enshrined in bed , the earthmother Ford readsponders analysis of " Ulysses " purchased goodthrift at Store in Tulsa cheap 
Back from A-kon . It was like the butter on my bread . 
General William Booth Enters Heaven . 
A type of food that is very popular , even in Hell . That's Ramen . 
finally did some work on his composition homework ! It feels good to not slack . Now , if I can keep it up the rest of the ... er , the rest of my life ... 
Weird Al still rocks 
may have a show with the Earth-Men at Agora Coffeehouse , August 14th ! Just waiting for confirmation from the opener/double ticket group ... 
Oh show us the way to the next whiskey bar , oh don't ask why , oh don't ask why ... 
Mission - sit down & do homework . 
Status report 1 - writes out all things to do . 
Status report 2 - stares at all things to do & tinkers a bit . 
Status report 3 - on Facebook . 
Final analysis - Screw this , I'm going to bed . 
IT'S MY SHOW NOW 
“in any music based to some extend on more than one or two rhythmuic , melodic , harmonic schemes , the hearer has a rather active part to play . Conductors , players , and composers , as a rule , do the best they can and for that reason get more out of music and , incidentally , more out of life—though , perhaps , not more in their pockets . " 
everybody is sick . 
It's 4 a.m. , I've just been reading " Scott Pilgrim , " and I feel like doing something really awesome . However , I don't really feel like starting anything , because it is 4 a.m. So instead , I am listening to an opera and sitting on Facebook . I really should sleep . 
the new Scooby Doo show is actually GOOD and ENTERTAINING IN THE WAY INTENDED BY THE WRITERS . 
THE APOCALYPSE IS HERE 
S: :::::::: DFJKL 
I had a dream : an old videogame called " Masterpiece Pipes " is ported to the GameCube . It features old Nintendo favorites such as Mario and a cast of 7 other relatively-unknowns in an ever-transforming landscape of amazing landscapes , indescribably well-written storylines and characterization , incredible 4-person gameplay , and nostalgia beyond belief . 
" Hello ? Kinch here . Put me on the line to Edenville . Aleph , alpha : nought , nought , one . " 
" It could be a balloon . It could be Franky . It could be very fresh and clean . And these are the days my friends and these are the days my friends " 
" Bassist wants to form or join original group , influences - Yes , Henry Cow , Art Bears . " 
Put a donk on it ! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ckMvj1piK58 
ties a rope to a tree and hangs the universe ! 
" do it , don't wait for a chance , don't look for advice , don't ask whether it's possible ... " 
But man is it tough . 
The Spooky Crew Rides Again !!! Join us tonight at 7pm for some SPOOOOOKY Halloween fun !!! Contact D.C.F. at 918-770-1333 for directions . HURRY WHILE IT LASTSA 
You have more money than cents . 
" Don't take ze German people lightly ! ... I say " 
Yay ! My heater works ! 
Charles Ives ' " Universe Symphony " is so much better when mixed with cheesy ads from fanfiction.com playing simultaneously . 
alas ! Too much sleep again makes me feel silly . And yet - it is I who chose this , this path of excess slumber . Alas , free will ! Alas ! 
Dexter Ford's " Rap Concerto No . 1 " is well underway . 
( modeled after a structure by classical composer Shostakovich in his 1st Cello Concerto as well as fictional rap artist Thugnificent's " Booty Butt Cheeks " , imagined as a synergistic study ) 
And if you see any of those baggy pants , it was huge ; chuck the hills . And if it was a violin to be : answer the telephone . And if anyone asks you " please , " it was , " trees . " Mr. Bojangles , I reach you ; Mr. Bojangles , I reach you . 
" I improvise for necessity , not from the need to be --- making sense of uncertainty ! " 
just finished Scott Pilgrim . is awesome 
Hey all , please attend a show I have coming up this Saturday at 8:00 pm at Agora Coffeehouse . I'm playing guitar and singing along with three other fine gentlemen . The style is somewhere around The Beatles , They Might Be Giants , and lord knows what else . 
I want to arrange a new version of Aerodynamic/Digital Love for full orchestra and solo soprano called " Orchestral Love . " I dream of having it performed before a beautiful audience in Sharp Hall at a compulsory show . 
Align your life with the principles of Donk , and angels will alight on your shoulder . 
Tomorrow's the day ! Trigun & Tritones : The Tribute will finally have wheels ! Come out at 8pm please , Catlett , Pitman Hall , Norman , OK ! 
Manboot . 
Is that a REAL key signature or is that a SEARS key signature ?? 
Why does the OU Fine Arts Library have the soundtrack to " Toxic Avenger : The Musical , " but not Miles Davis ' " Bitches Brew " ? 
change of status . 
One day I wanna copy someone's status word for word and see if they notice 
Cutler : " Is there any way of communicating anythign valuable through the normal mechanisms of business ? The answer , I suggest , is no , except through irony ... implies a diametric dislocation between what is said & what is meant - or between the appearance & the reality . " 
I'm disgusted by democracy , dance with me . We need an aristocracy run by me . 
What do I want for Christmas ? YOU tell me ! 
" art is naked beauty displayed " 
" beauty is in the eye of the beholder " 
" that's a face only a mother could love " 
" and man saw he was naked , and was ashamed " 
I need somebody to perform a piano piece of mine for my Composition Recital . If anyone is interested , I am willing to discuss payment if I can just get it done . 
There's no better music than Philip Glass's " Einstein on the Beach " for numbering , labeling , and organizing vast amounts of music . 
so let's get snappin and stop koopa's rappin 
My summary of the themes of each movement of Orff's " Carmina Burana " ( feel free to substitute any instance of " sex " with " love " - they're interchangeable in this context ): 
I . Fate sucks/can suck 
II . Fate sucks 
III . Spring rocks 
IV . Spring rocks 
V . Good times 
VI . Good times 
VII . Spring happens , but sucks without sex 
VIII . I sexy , let's have sex 
IX . Let's have sex 
X . I really want sex 
It is then that wealthy patrons of the state , with numberless murders in their hearts , make public acclaim of the morality of self-loathing that commits one more . 
The Buggles are some of the greats 
This Earthquake has inspired me . I think I want to write a Tornado Sonata , where in the 3rd movement there is roughly a 10% in any given performance that a ( musico-dramatic ) tornado actually hits . 
A room of one's own , and time . 
2 Live Crew stuck in my head ... 
I wonder if forming an " obscene " group without any appeal whatsoever to women would be a good idea ? 
Next Band I Form , Influences : 
Devo , Daft Punk , Thinking Plague , Soft Machine , Henry Cow . 
In a fizz over " Princess Tutu " and " Panty and Stocking " ... and despite the garment-based nomenclature , they two are NOTHING alike . 
While watching my new Henry Cow Box Set DVD , I realized that one could make a " Henry Cow Shred " youtube video without changing the audio at all . 
So Stockhausen's Helicopter String Quartet rocks . THEY ARE A STRING QUARTET . THEY ARE FLYING IN HELICOPTERS . THAT IS COOL 
is Totally Belgian 
I'm so tired , I haven't slept a wink , I'm so tired , my mind is on the blink ... 
" Are you not troubled ? " 
" Not at all , I'm living in the country of ideals " 
" Country of ideals ? " she said . " Where's that ? " 
" It comes out every Thursday . " 
Hey all you hip cats out there ! Dexter's band will be playing a special one-time-only show at Sonder Music tomorrow at 8:00 pm in Norman , OK ! We are doing a very special cover version of Yes ' classic " Owner of a Lonely Heart . " Come on down ! The address is 225 E Gray Street . 
flab-boys schmab-boys hey hey hey 
Hey ! Listening to the Trigun & Tritones tapes , and it's not bad ! Phew ! 
Just wild heaven . 
Rest in peace , Captain Beefheart , 1941-2010 . 
Love my plumber , love my wrench , once I sat on a bench ! 
With my wit and skill , I will triumph over all mediocre art ! No medium is safe ! Except for most of them ! 
It's a good show when you cry twice or more in one sitting , then get chills absorbing its soundtrack . 
In Norman ! While supplies last !!! 
" Princess Tutu " has to be one of my favorite animes in a long time 
Good chance and luck ! 
Spearow Agnew . 
A blur was coming over Harry's vision , as his brain started to comprehend what had just broken . The whole idea of a unified universe with mathematically regular laws , that was what had been flushed down the toilet ; the whole notion of physics . 
Computer's busted ! 
the initial joy of sitting around online leads to boredom and stiffness after an overload of information that I don't particularly care about , but still feel I need to read . Infornography . 
