sexy new laptop . yay . 
is chillin ' . 
" Many of us spend our whole lives running from feeling with the mistaken belief that you cannot bear the pain . But you have already borne the pain . What you have not done is feel all you are beyond the pain . " -Bartholomew 
THANK GOD THAT WOMAN FINALLY LEFT THE FRIGGIN ' HOUSE !!! 
at NYU and playing sporkel !!!! Yup , college is gonna be fun . ;D 
prom is in # hours and still not ready ...... AAHHH ! 
I know it's kinda late , but I gotz a new phone , so I needz yo numbers ! Can I have your number ? Can I have iiiittt ?!?!? lol 
graduation !! ;D 
wants to play some more tennis . 
is on the prowl . 
anyone wanna watch ice age 3 with me tomorrow ? 
stupid harry potter movie kept me up till 1:30 in the morning and did not help the fact i had to wake up at 6:30 am ..... but it was good so i guess it was worth it . :) 
is in the city hanging out in a sweet lounge watching people pass below , fighting the temptation to become one of the crowd . 
prom madness ! 
is hooked on BONES . ;) 
orientation creeps closer and closer like a birthday cake on wheels . 
gonna be in the city about a week to work at New Life Church in Elmhurst for the little kiddies ! :) yay ! 
is having things finalized .... 
is in Weinstein ! holla ! XD 
to the city for the weekend ! :D 
GABRIEL IGLESIAS !!! XD 
done with work ... for now 
is stuck 
lollipop ! 
head cold and it's raining .... not helping ... * sniffle 
awesome party . and yes , it exceeded my expectations . ;D 
2 weeks left 
still don't have my list of textbooks . stupid bellmore mail ... takes forever to get here ! XO 
oh the craziness of prom ... 
waffles 
Micharl C . Anthony = awesomest show i've ever seen 
is officially settled in weinstein hall . rm 428 PURPLE MONKEYS !!!! 
tired . eyes are burning but my soul keeps yearning , for more than just a whispered good night . 
had a 5 hour nap and is now procrastinating in writing her essay that's due tomorrow . XD whatever . i gotz myself some smexy posterz !!!!! 
boogabooogaboggaaa ! 
finally has the internet working after 3 days without it . -.-" withdrawal was harsh ... lol 
like in high school i'm doing ma hw in the early mornin ' . and i'm doing it while procrastinating on fb . lol 
messed up an assignment for one class already in the early college season . FML !!!!!! stupid hw ... -_-" 
i like fire :3 
just keep the ball rolling 
just finished rewatching V for Vendetta and it rocked my sox 
Casino Night was awesome . I WON A SNUGGIE !!!!!!! lmao 
Going to the premier of Harry Potter with me awesome cousins in the city ! Yay ! sry daniel ..... 
BEACH BALL TONIGHT !!!!!!! XD 
has a paper due at 5 pm , yet here I am on fb . typical 
had a great night out with friends , ate awesome food , and watched stand up comedians on youtube . fun ... and now i'm tired . g'night everybody . 
justs wants to sleep but have to study and write 2 very large paragraphs ... * yawns * 
loling at new moon spoofs . XD 
still writing that essay .... 
stupid camera giving me hell ! agh ! 
Went apple picking during hte weekend with family . But now , I must return to reality and work my ass off on Columbus Day . Yay ... 
trying to do math hw but is distracted with other things like the shiny button on my sweater .... Shiny , i like shiny ! 
having fun in the am . i also have a midterm on physics in the next 7 hours . good night peoples and wish me luck ! 
FIRE DRILLLL !!! 
NYU Portaits : Voices of a People was AMAZING !!! XD 
goin ' out tonight ! XD 
never going home during the weekday ever again ! waking up at 6:30 am is a memory i'd rather keep in the past , thank you . * yawn * 
raining sucks ! stupid wetness ...... 
5 page essay ... Ready , set , go !!!!!! 
stupid laptop making " whir " sounds . maybe hitting will make it better ? * laptop dies * .... damn .... 
gotz new shoes . hooray ! ^o^ 
There has to be a better way to solve this else I die of fustration and disintegrate in my own rage . 
trecked through the wetness only to discover that class was canceled ...... 
Paper or Plastic 
moop ! 
had it all set up for the weekend . now it's all ruined . hopefully , a trip to the met , visit to a spa , and quality time in li will smooth out the wrinkles in this disatrous turn of events . meh ... 
FREEEDDDOOMMM !! Well , that is for now ... 
finished one essay . Another four-paged essay to go . But first , a 3 hour nap . :3 
joy and freedom in the love of God ! 
didn't sleep ' til 6 am . can't feel ma toes ... 
the first snow in nyc !!!!!!!!!! afijeljaldsfjasd XD 
To the dickwads who sat in the table next to me : Yeah , insulting me in Korean behind my back thinking that I wouldn't understand ... Go back into the recess of the fucking cess pool you fucking crawled out of , you dumb fucks ! Love , Eileen 
in kimmel jamming , drinking free coffee , and writing 3 essays before 10 am tomorrow ! gonna die from brain overload . 
didn't sleep .... tired ..... probably gonna walk into traffic half-asleep . and the best part ... i'm not done with that friggin ' essay yet ! 
watched Hot Fuzz , then proceeded to watch Comedy Central , and finally , chatted with a drunk dude and his friend while watching Reno 911 ! 
out of my mind with fustration and fatigue . Oh , the life of a college student ! 
waiting for vacation time to roll around ..... 
i think this week of college just might kill me 
nat . science final in a couple of hours .... more study or sleep ? argh , stupid test !!! 
more partying at sandra's sweet 16 !!!!!!!!!!!! can't wait ! 
is wondering if she should even be here and if nyu was just a bad idea ; a very expensive bad idea .... 
to the gallery !!!!! 
booga booga booga ! lol love courage ! 
just chillin ' 
is going shopping for college stuff ! WOOO !!! 
hoping those leaving a safe trip and a lurvly Thanksgiving break . Only a couple more hours to go !!! XD 
trying to write final papers in library ... not working ! argh !!! 
HEADING ON HOME !!!! YEA BITCHES !!! LET THE WINTER GAMES BEGIN ! ( after i finish my conwest final papers .... ugh ! ) 
ugh .... tired ... hw .... essay .... reading ... blurghhl 
retreat in a couple of hours ... nervous . meh ! 
hauling stuff out and moving into nyu in several hours !!!! 
Snow , snow ! I love it so !!!! XD But getting to class is gonna be interesting .... 
" If at first you don't succeed , find out if the loser gets anything . " -Bill Lyon 
it's so cold outside !!! hot cocoa anyone ? :D 
rofl how i'm using physics regents table to do college physics hw . oh the irony . 
so tired .................................... it might snow tonight . 
had a great time with friends , met some new peoples , and experienced one hell of a night !!!! 
randomness reigns supreme ! 
the snow , the snow ! ahh the snow !! oh if only if i were a few years younger ... i would spend the day with cups of hot chocolate and pummel my baby brother into the snow ! 
lovin ' " Neighbors Know My Name " - Trey Songz and lovin the thumpin of my heart and feet pounding on the dance floor ! been too long baby ! 
SCHOOL'S CLOSED BIATCH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
owie ... wisdom tooth pulled out , in pain , and class tomorrow . did i mention that i look like as if a horse kicked me in the face ? 
ballroom dancing and a bottle of wine 
8am class on friday !!! 
home for the weekend after a five hour trip to the met carrying 15 pounds of laptop and books . tired . meerrrrr 
doing nothing is an accomplishment in its own right .... unfortunately . 
where is the snow you've promised me weatherman ???!??!?!!?? 
monday night subway theatre ! 
midterms anyone ? TT^TT 
The lifetime that you spend , will not be returned , to be lived over again . Further on , further on children , further on , further down the line . 
is anxious ..... very anxious to the point that she can't stop sighing in worry . That and not sleep . Hehheheh . 
Oh dear God ! The sheer amount of pple jammed in the lirr trains this morning ... let's just say I really REALLY appreciate cars now and am ever more determined to get my driver's license . 
stupid rain .... feeling so sleepy ... mrm .. 
we just gotz a puppy !!!!! 
never talking to parents about my plans ever again . better off sneaking out the window , breaking both my legs , and crawling of to have an actual life outside of college and home . 
moop -.- 
Thank everybody for the awesome birthday wishes !!!! I is gonna have some cake tonight , baby ! XD 
new pin : 21CC8D75 
damn u internet !!!!! aaarghh 
ooooii ... marble cheesecake with chocolate truffles ... so full !!!!! 
today is GORGEOUS !!!!!!!! happiness +1 . ;) 
regrets not having goals for the future . Maybe then she would have been more passionate and acted on rather than thought about . 
ugh this weather is killing me . 
last examFINISHED 
* sigh * sometimes my family just sickens me . freakin drama right before the new year . -.-" woopdeedoo 
finally given the freedom to go out and have a life outside of just school and home . if only i could forever break these ( temporarily ) loosened chains ..... 
finally got internet working again . stupid crackberry ! XP 
is stuffed on a good dinner and a thick slice of apple torte . Now if I can only get my hands on a cup of coffee I'd be set . 
saw 15 doggies today ! :D 
What a day to wake up to : cloudy skies and rain first thing on monday morning . 
Remi Sharon is so cool ! 
omg Sony finally called back after months of calling and uber frustration . hopefully I'll get a call from the technician in 3-4 days and FINALLY get my poor laptop fixed !!!!!!! 
so tired . but still have 2 classes to go ! ugh ! 
this time baby I'll be bulletproof 
ugh . feeling tired but have work . must stay conscious for a few more hours ! 
OMFG phone is finally working again and it is assured that at&t wont be pulling none of that servicecutting bullcrap again !!! woohoo ! 
eat ice cream with a fork .... s'been a long day . 
I wish you could see me now 
I wish I could show you how 
I'm not who I was 
I used to be mad at you 
A little on the hurt side too 
But I'm not who I was 

I found my way around 
To forgiving you 
Some time ago 
But I never got to tell you so 
Good morning world . have you any surprises for moi today ? ;D 
ugh will the madness never end and the lies ever cease ?! 
don't care what the scoreboard says . korea's got one badass goalie 
had the best time with aletha nicholson and lynn hanson with even greater food and awesome cupcakes . now I shall pass out in a food coma . night y'all! <3 
so tired ! need a nap zzzzzzzzz ... 
" He punched my shark ! " 
aaaahhhh !!!! fucking at & cutting off ma service for no reason ! >:( 
phew ! week is almost over . yet still more work to come ... 
ugh ... so tired ... webster hall last night and woke up at 6:45 am to get on the 8:09 lirr train . and my feet officially hate me for strapping on some stilettos . can't feel ma toes ! X3 
You know what pples at AT&T HQ ? Y'all can fuck your insolent , scurrilous , churlish , impertinent , and imbecilic asses like the lying cunts-skanks-whores-fags-bitches that you are . Please and thank you ! ;) 
Happy New Year !!!!! now for some new year shenanigans ! 
the work of God's love never ceases to amaze 
omg haven't played for so long 
OMGjustshutthefuckupalready !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
hey anyone know if green hornet is a good movie ? 
haha my puppy has the hiccups ! XD 
goin camping to white mountain !!!!!! bomchikawoawwow ! 
Dear God , thanks for the snow but isn't it a bit much ? At least me boots came in handy for once :/ 
been feeling " meh " all week . prob cause i haven't left the house since sunday and been doing nothing but chores and watch episodes of Avatar for the millionth time . * yawn * oh and sleep . lots of sleep . meh 
moop ! waiting for math class to END ! 
BELLMORE STREET FAIR TOMORROW ! Come on over and say hi ! :D 
looking outside I can see people literally turning into snowmen as they plow through the snow 
I believe in Jesus Christ . One facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall . In the Bible it says , if you deny me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my Father , at The Gates of Heaven . If you love God and you are not afraid to show it repost . 
I was slowly texting my life away as I didn't notice the pungent smell of gas in the air , so focused I was on my conversation . Next thing you know I'll walk straight into oncoming traffic . XP 
is anxious for tomorrow . 
had a pretty good first day of school after break . now only two weeks more ! 
ugh having the worst headache right now . seem to be getting alot of headaches in general lately . bleh 
oh man was listening to gorillaz until my mp3 player ran out of juice . too awesome to handle I guess . now what am I gonna listen to ? 
omg we made it !!!!! XD now ... shoveling 
MERYY CHRISTMAS Y'ALL!!!!! <3 
Dear parental units , Thanks for teaching me what a useless , selfish , idiotic piece of worthless shit that I am . I shall go forth and disown my useless self by throwing out my useless shit out the window and into the dumpster . Oh while I'm at it I might as well tell the whole world what a fucktard I am . That'll save you several minutes of your precious time that you should never waste on useless me . Sincerely , ME 
reading manga and books so much fun ! 
burnt ma tongue on soup . owie . 
left boston for new york at around 11am . still on the road back home to LI and this snow ain't helping the process . please pray for a safe ride home . and after we survive this , let's get together for a massive snowball fight :) 
ugh wondering whether or not to take my uncle's advice seriously and go to a new year's party ' stead of sitting bored with family ....... 
just realized i'll be going to a retreat for four days and i haven't even packed . 
omg snow ! at least two inches of icy goodness expected in LI where i'm at . oh wait , imma be slipping on that snow on lirr platforms tomorrow ... 
just one class and then I'm free ... to drown in hw for the weekend . yay . 
at penn station waiting for the 8:08 train and pple passing by in cowboy hats and gear ... confused 
finally got the fan fixed ... but now the technician tells me that my screen is way and i have to call sony support .......... AGAIN !!! God after three and a half months i was gonna be done with this crap , but alas , fate deems otherwise . please pray that this problem will be fixed much sooner than the last and that i will not lose my sanity in the process . whew ! 
God , you send me all these signs and yet I still choose to ignore you . What can be done to change this stagnant , sinful heart ? 
ack ! contacts ... drying ... out ! going blind ! 
partied so hard i couldn't stand properly , and my knees threatened to buckle as i waited for the train back to friend's dorm at uhall . Thank God i made it without falling flat on my ass . 
ugh need to buy text books tomorrow .... stupid $135 nyu exclusive edition book ! 
too much brainstorming for an assignment for class . need to sleep . night 
Long day , confused about schedule changes , worried about the future , feeling left behind , wondering if this jumbled , scrumpled , chaotic life is truly mine . 
cold and windy today , sunny and low 50's tomorrow . just be summer already ! 
hating class advanced college essay more and more as the semester progresses . will there ever be a cure for sucky courses ? 
to the ball !!!!!!! 
weekend , weekend , waiting for the weekend ~ ! * skips across lirr platform but trips from uneven weight distribution from carrying 50lbs worth of textbooks/papers/crap * XD 
gotz new shoes ! 
it's gonna be an eventful weekend ! 
omg just started watching glee for the first time and i am in love with mercedes ! 
exhausted ! and so much more to do ! 
mmmm green tea mochi ice cream . ^o^ 
bloopadeeboop ... waiting for class to start ... doodaaadee ... is very bored :/ 
can't wait for tonight ! did-din with friends at Max Brenner's! ;D 
just watched " Summer Wars " movie . It was awesome . Go see it . Now . And tell me what you think . ;D 
oooo it's raining . another day full of yawning and overall tiredness . Oh well . 
is feeling bleh . and the two essays i have to write for tomorrow's classes are not helping ... and so is procratination ... God give me the wisdom and strength to fight my stupidity . -.-" 
is happy . Tired , but happy . ( insert smiley face ) 
first observation at JFK HS . Can't believe it's been two years . And nothing has changed . 
has so many people to meet , places to go , things to eat in this month alone . not to mention friends to catch up with . and things are getting settled with my financial aid and classes are good ... I just truly feel blessed , and thank the Lord for helping me see those past years when I could not past see the darkness of my heart . 
sssssoooooo tired ! went out to eat with my cuz Grace , then went to momofuko milk bar for dessert but changed the wait was an hour long , ate a marvelous mocha cake at the Black Hound ( which I plan to return to ) , and ended the night with my second viewing of " The King's Speech " n which was fantasmic and made me wanna talk with a British accent . * yawn * It was a fun day . Good night ! 
2 more days ! well , that includes a midterm , cumulative exam , and several assignments to do before the break so I won't have to do it during . * takes deep breath * Just one thing at a time , one at time . 
anyone else procrastinating on facebook instead of studying/writing papers ? ugh ... stuck ! 
eating a baked potato with Parmesan cheese in the middle of the night . maybe help to inspire the words for my paper and get me motivated to study harder . * nom nom nom nom * >:3 
one midterm tomorrow and it'll be all over !!! must study hard ! mawr ! >:3 
most unproductive and boring spring break ever .... did i mention the essays that are still waiting for me in the back of my notebook ? did i also mention the stackload of other assignments lurking behind my bookcase ? ugh and spring cleaning be on the list as well ... eh , at least i get to party this weekend . woohoo ! 
just finished watching Resident Evil : Afterlife . And I am fairly satisfied , to say the least . What can be better than mutated undead that can eat through concrete ? However , the end scene makes me shudder at the thought of yet another Resident Evil movie . Did I mention the abuse of slo-mo ? 
loved the movie Paul . It is outright hilarious and yet heartwarming at the same time . Oh Simon Pegg , you never fail to humor me so . <3 
aw poop ! spring break be over !!!! and the weather is just starting to get nice ... ehh , at least the commute will be more fun in the sun . now to prep for school .... * fumbles with papers and stacks books in bag * 
still a bit sleepy . want more coffee ... or a bed . * yawn * class in 30 minutes .... zzzzzzz 
BLUEBERRY ;D 
you know that feeling you get when you're so tired that your eyes start burning ? yeah .... it is not fun . 
napped for 5-6 hours and still tired . is something wrong with me ? * yawns * 
