Goodnight everyone . 
Oh dear you look so lost , eyes are red and tears are shed , this world you must've crossed ... When flowers gaze at you , they're not the only ones who cry when they see you ... I think that I'm just tired , I think I need a new town , to leave this all behind 
My hair smells , i sound like an asian girl on pot , and i have coffee . Awesome :D 
Why can't you dislike things on here ? What if I want to click a dislike button on a status thing ?! 
There needs to be an air soft thing on saturday- anyone know if there will be ? 
is it just me , or is everyone enfp on that myers-briggs personality type thing 
What makes life worth living ? To be born with the gift of laughter and sense that the world is mad . 
school sucks . 
Hours have passed and I have seen the terror I am stuck between . Who I've been and who I'm thinking I could be . I was listening to a battle begin , wondering which side would win 
I need to make a " TEN POINTS " sticker . 
Pre-AP GT History doesn't have to do the history project right , is that just for AP GT History ? 
buenas noches everyone :) 
This scene is a fake , This scene is a fake , The world will cry out at the mess we will make . The smiles mask an unforging truth . The laughs cover a wide spreading lie . And we all look away because we want to forget . We'll all look away , We'll all look away . 
my heart beat is totally going to the beat of this song i'm listening to , it's pretty awesome 
I actually want to dress up this friday . Any suggestions ? And please be serious . Thanks :D 
Let's go watch Nine this weekend . Yes ? 
If it's alright with you guys , I'd like to fast forward a bit to , mmm , maybe the week before the last week of October ? Yes , let's do that . 
The power to bring me out of solitude - or to push me back into it - had never belonged to another person . It was mine and only mine . 
Alright , so now I have a styrofoam head covered in liquid latex . Next , I'll be attempting to create some chemical burns on it . Dear Joey , I am most definitely doing this so that you can look the best ever on Halloween . :DDD 
Chemical burns ? Yes , ten points . 
My foot itches like a mofo 
Yo TEXT ME ! Goodnizzle for those who don'tizzle . Word ? Pahaha , I'm a straight up G homesss . xD 
I've gone from having a cold , to allergies . Will the suckage of this weekend ever cease ? 
FOR HALLOWEEN- IMPORTANT SPECIAL EFFECTS MAKEUP INFO !!! Alright , it'll be 5 bucks for the basic stuff , and up to ten bucks for the bigger things . Just message or comment me if you need any information , and to set up a time . You have a month to contact me . GO GO GO :D 
IT'S SUPPOSED TO RAIN TIL TUESDAY ?! Well that epically sucks . 
You're everything you need . You're anything you want to be . And everything you are is here right now . The sun will fall down , the shadows come out , don't fear the clouds ; you're walking on water . You can call any time at all or if you need someone to cushion your fall , you can lay me down . 
I have yet to succesfully fall off the face of the Earth , so I will infact be attending school tomorrow . 
IT'S TEN THIRTY ONE . I should go do school work . And shower . And maybe clean my room . Ah , procrastinating sure is nice . 
wrote a pretty awesome poem about Antigone today . I do believe today , was a better day . I hope other people can say the same :) 
Help me with my essay- WHEN HAVE I MADE AN IMPORTANT CHOICE IN MY LIFE ?! 
I'm off for a tad . 817-456-8366 , text me ? 
I'm at an elementary school , listening to " working at the car wash " on the PA system , as children and teachers clean their classrooms . What an interesting way to end the school day . 
Good night everyoneeee 
So much beauty in life , shining on the outside , empty on the inside . I get lost sometimes , blinded by the flashing lights , distractions always in my eyes . 
A . The weather is AMAZING right now . B . Today was not a good day . That is all . 
is going to the game . let's hang ? Si senor . 
this is sooo confusingggg :( 
If summer felt the way it does outside at this particular moment , I would've never spent all of my time inside . 
Well tuesday , I really hope you're not as exhausting as today . Good night everyone , sweet dreams . 
I'm really gald I decided to go to the game , I got soaked to my skin and now I'm sick . The part I like best is not even staying to watch . Hooray for sickness ! 
Can the next two hours pass quickly ? I'm tired of today . 
light up , light up , as if you had a choice . Even if you cannot hear my voice , I'll be right beside you dear . Have heart my dear , we're bound to be afraid . Even if it's just for a few days , making up for all this mess . 
I swear our chant is crashing in my mind . You can hold on but I wouldn't waste your time . On the edge of a dream that you have . Has anybody ever told you it's not coming true ? 
Am I allowed to get sick and not go to school again ? 
Goodnight world of Facebook and all who reside in it during these late hours of the night . I would hope that you all have had a marvelous day , and if not , that the joys of tomorrow may be pleasantly surprising . Sweet dreams guys :) 
I'd like to take this time to say that I'm really glad that you have all somehow found your way into my life . I appreciate all of you guys very much . I know I may not talk to some of you much , maybe we're just aquaintences , but I'm still glad that I took the time to get to know you . Sometimes the most distant of people can make the greatest impact . I hope the school week ends well for all of you . 
If you want makeup done for Halloween contact me as soon as you can on here or at 817-456-8366 . 
Good night Facebook , I hope you have a great day tomorrow . 
And once again , I bid you all a wonderful night . I hope you all have an amazing day tomorrow . 
This weekend will be a good one . Wowww , since when do I actually make plans ? WHAT IS THE WORLD COMING TO ?! 
I wonder what it would feel like to shoot your own foot . 
I almost died last night ! But I didn't , all is well . 
good night 
believes that ' Words Fail Me ' is a pointless and hypocritical way of attempting to help people with their suckish writing skills . ( yes this was my myspace status , and now it is on here . woooooh . ) Patricia T . O'Conner , you suck . 
Why'd this weekend have to be over so soon ? What happened to saturday ? 
School =D eath 
EVERYONE HAS INFLUENZAAAAA . I just cursed you all . 
If I were the sun I'd shine right on you . If I were the sky I'd be colored bright blue . And even on the scariest , stormiest day , I'll be here to take all of that pain away . 
Can finally remember Bingo in German . 
has finished reading ' Words Fail Me ' and feels quite accomplished . Now to finish the last eight chapters of ' Secret Life Of Bees ' 
thank you 
I don't understand the chemistry homework :( 
ahhhh :))))))) 
Goodnightttt 
Could it well , you know , NOT rain for a bit ? >:| 
AND we're making cheesecake ?! all is well . other than my hair . but that will be well in three day's time . sweeet . 
If you are reading this , please write one single , unique word that would describe me according to you . Once done , copy this paragraph , as I did , onto your status ... you might be surprised to read the responses received . Be nice :) [ Jennifer says- BOREDOM IS THE START OF SELF DESTRUCTION ] 
Sixflags tomorrow ? You should go too . 
The show tonight was awesome guys , I'm really glad I got to go and see it again :D 
Rain sucks . 
If you've had a long day , then I'll kiss you goodnight . If you get put in the dark , then I'll be your light . If you'll be my lover , I'll be yours too . Cuz I'll never find someone as perfect as you . ( and now it is OFFICIALLY Officially copyrighted . ) 
Just got home from the game , it's been a decent night ; alright day altogether . I hope everyone else has had a good day and is feeling well tonight . And if you aren't , please please please feel better , because there's a whole lotta sunshine waitin for you behind those stormy coulds . Goodnight and sleep tight guys . I hope you all have an incredible day tomorrow . 
Out of twenty-five levels only one person has ever made above level twenty . I am sad to say that there will probably never be a person allowed over level twenty again . This will be done because I no longer wish to let people gain so much power . This may not solve the problem , but it keeps other problems from arrising . That is all . 
' s sister and mother went to see paranormal activity and I stayed home . I'm a panzy . Don't hate . 
If I was in AP World History I would've probably spontaneously combusted long long ago . 
* POEM MODE * initiated , cept ' I'm totally pullin out my mad beats to go with it . Yeahhhh . 
Let's not start school again . 
Facebook is being dumb . I'm off . 
Let's all skip school tomorrow , and make the teachers think they got it all wrong , and that it's actually sunday . 
Sixflags was pretty amazing yesterday , I did indeed ride the superman for the first time ever :D I hope everyone else had a good day too :) 
Neeeeed ... to .... do .... homeworkkkkk ... soooo ....... DIFFICULTTTT . 
is ready for OCTOBERRRR . Yeah , that's about it . 
Where am I supposed to click for that paper I need to print out in Pre-AP Chemistry ??? 
is making coffee . 
Goodnight everyone , I hope you all have an incredible day tomorrow ; sweet dreamssss :) 
Eminem's got mad skills . 
Awesome after school adventure with Kaci VanMeter . Filled withhhh- holding hands for an hour and a half , break-dancing , singing , beat boxing , and most definitely laughing :D 
jamstudio.com = easy entertainment . 
Life is not about the things that you could have done , but of what that can be still done . 
Obvious statement of the day : It's raining . 
Why's it gotta be this way ? Oh tell me , please tell me . Why can't you feel the need to stay ? Oh please , please don't go . You can leave another day . Oh why , why'd you have to go . 
Goodnighttttt 
Let it be tomorrow , cuz I'm quite done with today . I think I'll go off to shower , and then to bed . Goodnight and sleep tight everyone . Don't let the bed bugs biteee . I hope everyone has a wonderful Halloween . Slash a wonderful tomorrow in general . 
So I'm pretty much over the flu now , and guess what , I'VE GOT THE STOMACH VIRUS NOW . >:( 
Goodnight everyone . I hope you all had incredible weekends and that tomorrow is a good day for all of you . Sweet dreams guys . 
I slept for 7 hours today . Now I'm off to sleep for more . Being sick sucks . 
Will someone rhyme battle me ? Cuz Chris doesn't want to and I'm in the mood for some competition . 
Instead of going trick or treating or partying like everyone else in the world- I walked my dog . Woooh . 
just got done taking a stroll in the park and around the neighborhood . And what a nice stroll it was indeed . 
is eating cookies and cream icecream when she's really craving STRAWBERRY ICECREAM . Not satisfying at all . 
thinks Abby should spell Dr. Byers name right . Maybe then she'll like us more . P . S- she can still hear our conversation on the phone . We're going to be destroyed tomorrow . 
the quiet scares me cuz it screams the truth 
watched the stepfather today . Lame movie . 
Ok it's alright with me , some things are just meant to be . It never comes easily , and when it does I’m already gone . 
singing at the top of my lungs while home alone feels pretty darn great . 
I'm a goofy goober ! Youre a goofy goober ! We're all goofy goobers ! Goofy goofy goofy goofy goober ! " Put your toys away " Well then I got to say when you tell me not to play I say NO WAY ! No no no no way ! " I'm a kid " you say . When you say I'm a kid I say " Say it again . " And then I say Thanks ! THANKS ! Thank you very much . So if you thinking that you'd like to be like me go ahead and try . The kid inside will set you free ! 
Nap time ? I think so . 
Entertaining night ? I think so . xD 
wishes people would take her seriously more often . 
Going to freeze at sixflags . Wooooh ! :D 
Does anyone wanna teach me mole conversions tomorrow morning ? I don't know a thing about it and I'm taking the test tuesday . Pleaseeeee . 
Thinks It's Cool To Capitalize Every Letter In A Sentence Just Because She Can . 
There's more than 500 people in Texas with the last name Villasana . And I thought it was pretty original . :'( 
needs to get off now . Goodnight everyone . I hope you've all had an incredible day . Tomorrow's a brand new day with brand new surprises , let's all make it a good one . Sleep tight guys . 
Good night everyone , I hope you all had a good day and that tomorrow can be even better . 
When you have nothing better to do , LEVEL UP !... hanging out with Kaciiiiiiii :D 
This live feed/news feed is really confusing me . Can we just remove it and go back to normal ? It's been an alright day , hope you all had an awesome day guys , and that you're weekend is really great ! 
Is it just me , or does it feel like a saturday ? 
" Who is my best friend ? " " change " 
Cover up all that we've become . Don't let the world take the best of you . And I can see a clearing . This will all come to an end . And we'll meet face to face . It will all work out in the end . 
is not gfixing her typos anymore . because she's too lazxyyyyyyy :D 
I've got a couple new special effects pictures , nothing really spiffy or different , but I'd thought I'd share them with you anyway :) 
Chemistry was created to destroy me . 
I was running on the sidewalk with my dog trying to take the edge off a bit of frustration I had , when suddenly my genius dog decides it would be awesome to run right in front of me . Before I can stop , I trip over him and faceplant into the concrete . Awesome . 
is going to melt straight into the moon 
has HILARIOS videos of Hayden running from small children . 
Self destruction initiated . And then my thoughts go off to when Bottom was cutting off his body parts . You wouldn't understand . 
is watching spongebob the movie :) 
It's funny how sometimes even the closest of people can completely disappear from the face of the planet if you take the time to let go and see if they'll hold on . I guess that's just how things have got to be . 
What a dayyy . 
So we'll crawl , til we can walk again . Then we'll run , until we're strong enough to jump . Then we'll fly until there is no end . 
I had a nightmare last night . I woke up startled and crying . It was about math . 
Um , epic night ? I think so . I definitely just saw the best possible version of Midsummer night's dream , and hung out with Abby , my super hero best friend :D Wooohoooo ! 
dislikes people . 
has finally found decent hispanic pop/rock music . 
I guess that's it then . Back to school we go . That's too bad . I was getting used to ignoring my homework for longer periods of time . 
Woahhhh , crazy day man , crazy dayyyy . I hope everyone has an AWESOME day tomorrow . Just absolutely AWESOME . :D 
Well , I'm off . I hope you all had an amazing Halloween , and that tomorrow brings plenty of smiles and a good bunch of laughs . Goodnight and sweet dreams everyone . And if you're feelin down , keep your heads up everyone , cuz there's a whole lot of good out there waitin just for you . 
has become more and more weary of people . If friendships stopped being so based on convinience , most people wouldn't have very many friends left at all . I suppose that's just the way of things though . 
And if I had the chance , even the slightest opportunity , to change it all and start all over , I wouldn't do it . I would turn and walk away because I know that even if I start over , I'll make the same choices , because those choices , good or bad , were the ones that led me to you . 
They will see us waving from such great heights , " come down now , " they'll say . But everything looks perfect from far away , " come down now , " but we'll stayyyy . 
is living on the edgeeeee . WOOOOH ! 
about to leave to go to the game because I have no other choice . Awesome -.- 
just made a friend thanks to mystery google , but will never use it again thanks to traumatizing occurrences x ) 
should be doing her homework .... pahahahahaha . 
and awayyyyyyy 
I ACTUALLY SAW A METEOR EARLIER . How surprising . 
Criminal Investigation Class = Awesome . 
Idiotic spanish teacher + terrifying chemistry teacher + depressed algebra teacher + disrespectful english teacher = DEATH . School is for weenies . 
Update- Nick Garcia and I are not going out . It was his idea . Don't kill us :) 
Being humble tends to be a much better reaction than being cocky and concieted , unless you're actually trying to get people to think you're a natural douche of course . Just putting that out there . 
Hello , my name is Jennifer , and I'm too busy exploring music and feeling like I'm about to shoot up into the atmosphere to care about much of anything right now . If you'd like to make intellectual and understandable conversation with me , please try again at a later time . Thank you , and goodbye . 
I'm going to fail the chemistry test tomorrow . Terribly terribly fail it . Please Mr. Mcknight , can you stop teaching like a college professor , and make your classes a wee bit more interesting ? 
loves how facebook is starting to get spammed on IM too . 
I HATE chemistry and school in general while we're at it . So much . 
played neopets for three hours . I'm cool . Now I'm off . Good night everyone . I hope you all have an incredible day tomorrow . Have fun with all of your new little toys . 
feels like passing out right now , but is just having SO MUCH FUNNN . Kaci VanMeter , I love youuuuu . :D the period makes it awkwardddd !!!!! 
must've done something right to deserve such incredible best friends . Thank you Abby , Kaci , and Michael . For everything . 
merry Christmas everyone . I hope that even through all of this nifty snow , you'll all see your share of sunshine today . 
Hello , my name is Jennifer , and I like to make the impossible , possible . I'll meet you on pluto tonight . 
We are a generation twisted by our myth . Confused and ludicrous , holding on to love . 
thinks every female known to man is PMSing this month . This is me , officially stating that I am to no longer be considered human . Or a female . I'd rather be a rock . 
is going to the park :) I do believe Texas needs to make up its mind . 
Good night and sleep tight everyone . I hope you all had a wonderful day , and that you have an even better one tomorrow . 
misses being a kid . 
A little tip , don't try painting yellow over a purple wall . It just doesn't work . 
And even when your hope is gone , move along , move along just to make it through . 
It's time for Jennifer to release her rebellious side . Colors are for weenies , I'm gonna say PLUTO . I win . 
My room's repainted slash redecorated and an oreo cheesecake is in the oven . Mission accomplished . 
self destruction : INITIATED 
The ants go marching one by one , hoorah , hoorah ! 
I want to be eight years old . 
Sub in Spanish , class collaberation quiz in history , chilling in theatre , understanding chemistry , and blow off day in math . Good day status ? I definitely think so . 
Um , yeah , I'm not going to the football game . Football games are boring . 
wonders what is up with The Hangover becoming like THE new movie . Is everyone watching it these days , or is it just me ? 
the wheels on the bus go round ' and round ' , round ' and round ' . The wheels on the bus go round ' and round ' all through the townnnn . 
Goodnight everyone , I hope you all had a wonderful day and that tomorrow is just as incredible ! 
Ahhhhhhh :D 
loves music . And a whole lot of other things . Like you . Yeah , you ;D 
I found a reason for me , to change who I used to be . A reason to start over new , and the reason is you . 
Imagine no possessions , I wonder if you can . No need for greed or hunger ; a brotherhood of man . Imagine all the people , sharing all the world . You may say I'm a dreamer , but I'm not the only one . 
Time's gonna pass you by faster than you can notice . Don't think that you can sit and look back at things that you missed . We've got to take it step by step before it all flies by . And even if it's hard to cope , we gotta give it a try . We gotta hope , we gotta love , cuz without it life is tough . Keep your face in the light and tomorrow will surely be a beautiful sight . 
Seven billion people in the world , and I still got the chance to meet you . I guess I'm a whole lot luckier than I thought . 
To all those who have had a bad day- I hope you guys can have a better day tomorrow . The sun's waiting behind those rainy clouds for you , you just gotta wait it out . To all of those who are sick- GET BETTER !! Let's sue the school for improper sanitation !!! ( if you've got type A then you got it from school ) WOOOH ! 
I thought I'd make one of these myself since they seem decently interesting and entertaining -> http://formspring.me/JenniferAime <- so I guess ask me some questions ? (: 
is going to be early tonight . Good night everyone . Sleep tight . 
Let me splash some love onto your paper heart and let me color your sky bright blue . Let me help you change your life into art ; let me hold the brush to something true . 
IT'S TOMORROW . Have a good Wednesday everyone . 
What a wonderful experience this morning was . 
Well , the day went well . I have a few awkward classes , but that'll change once I get to know people . 
The few times that I decide to finish things , I decide that I won't put anything down until i finish them . Tonight , I probably won't be sleeping . I'll be painting instead . 
Racism is idiotic and immature . Don't blame people that don't look like you or come from where you came from for problems that EVERYONE has to face . 
If you've had a rough day , look at the sky for comfort . Imagine that all of the stars and the beautiful moon are there to reassure you . To reassure you that there is more light to come . Even on the darkest night , a few stars will find their way out of the blackness , and shine , as magnificent and as brilliant as ever before , and they will shout to you , " there is hope " and they will sing " there will always be hope . " 
all you need is love , love is all you need . 
I'd run around the world and back , I'd swim across the ocean blue , I'd float up into infinity , if it meant getting to see you . I'd catch a hundred fireflies , I'd train the sun to shine so bright , I'd reach for a thousand stars , if it meant you get to feel alright . 
No more Mr. Mcknight . I get the feeling next semester is gonna be a bit better . 
I'm going to bed . Text me ? Yeah , go for it . 
is listening to Ryan Cabrera . 
homemade strawberry smoothie = yumyuminmytumtum :D 
Hello 2010 , I'm glad I've been doing a really good job at starting new . I'm sure you appreciate all of my false effort . 
Anyone who looks past today and takes glimpses of tomorrow is unrealistic . Tomorrow is a string of endless opportunities and chances while the past is unchangeable and real . Finding comfort in the future is difficult , the fear of what could be lurks in all of us . But the past , no matter what has been dumped into it , will never change . 
Take my hand and I'll show you what it's like to live . We'll travel to the moon and we'll gaze at all the stars . We'll float on nice and slow until we land on Mars , where I'll remind you what it's like to laugh and what it's like to smile . I'll steal you away from here for just a little while . 
Is it sensible to look to the future for hope , when a few years ago we were looking at today and hoping the same . 
I'd give you everything , but I've got nothing left . 
Today may have felt like the longest day in your life , and maybe it dragged on and took forever to end , but you'll look back in a few months and think , where in the world did all of my time go ? We don't have forever , so we might as well appreciate what we've got . 
I've got my sister's old mp3 on shuffle , and next thing I know , the theme song for hercules comes up . I'm sure my day just got a wee bit better . 
I want to open your eyes . I want to show you what you've created with all of your lies . And even if it takes me a thousand and one tries , maybe some day things won't have to be this way . Maybe some day you'll listen to what I've got to say . 
It's not just about surviving anymore . It's about making that survival worthwhile . If all we did was live and die , who'd want to put effort into staying alive ? 
I once had a pet rock that really liked to sleep in my sock . I told him to stay , but he still went away , I don't know how he could walk . 
Sometimes , if you take the time to look into its eyes , you'll realize that the monster that you've been trying to run away from for so long seems to look just like you . 
I don't like the taste of tea anymore . Sad day . I hope everyone's had an incredible day , and if you haven't , then I really hope that tomorrow can be much better . Remember that it'll always end up being alright . Tomorrow's a brand new day , let's all try to make it a good one :) 
Goodnight and sweet dreams world of facebook . I hope you all had an incredible day today , and that tomorrow brings great smiles for all of you :D 
Good night residents of facebook . I hope you all had a much better day than me . Sleep tight and sweet dreams . Have an exquisite and spectacular saturday . 
Reality Check . Thanks world . You had me going there for a bit . 
For those of you who participated in the reading of Dante's Inferno and thought it was awesome- GET THE GAME . 
What's so great about caring anyway ? I guess I can spend the rest of my life trying to figure that one out . 
" This is America , we speak ENGLISH . " Hello hypocrisy , racism , and stupidity , it's nice to meet you . I'm sure freedom of speech has its upside somewhere . 
Hello friday , you suck . 
" YOU came to OUR country . YOU learn OUR language " It's good to know that there's hope for this country . Land of opportunity ? Haha more like land of ignorance . 
I plead insanity 
What do I think ? I think if a man kills another , he deserves to die . I think that killing someone out of hate makes you a monster , and you should be treated as such . What am I writing my essay about ? Why capital punishment is wrong . 
I cannot stand rude people , I cannot stand them not at all . I cannot stand rude people , it makes me want to hurl in a highschool hall . I cannot stand spanish teachers , who talk like they're so cool . I cannot stand chemistry teachers , who act like complete fools . 
Imagine everything you've ever feared ; everything that's ever hurt you in the form of a monster so insatiable and hungry , that you've got to feed it your own happiness for it to be okay . That's not what life should be about . Life is about finding your monsters and conquering them , not about living in fear and hiding from them behind clouds of smoke and the haze of a good drink . Don't let your monsters hold you back . 
" There's nothing cool about being young , when the monsters of the night have stolen the sun . " 
Let's set ourselves up for failure . I've heard the fall is quite a thrill . 
I've got to admit , sometimes , I can't help but be greatful of the luck I have . 
It's always gonna be so much easier to let go and fly , than to hold on to everything you've got left . 
Nastiest thing ever- I just laughed so hard I puked . xD 
Sometimes I get to wondering , what life would be like if we could just hold on to everything we had , and never have to worry about it slipping away . 
We close our eyes nice and tight . We listen to the words that make us feel all right . We hear the symphony of lies , the tune that helps us sleep at night . 
Italian is such a beautiful language . 
Where does all the time go ? 
Attacking the Cake Lady who kidnapped the Muffin Man is my favorite past time . 
What are we gonna do if all we ever have our minds on is surviving ? Not live , that's for sure . 
Well if the sun just ain't shinin bright enough for you , and if the dim starlight's just makin you blue ; if the shadows have got you tight by the neck , and you're nothing but a sorry and sad wreck , well if you're hurtin and aching and it just won't go away , I promise that no matter how sad or down you are , I will always be here to stay . 
It's silly how a bunch of accidents make us who we are . 
I'm beginning to think that maybe we've got it all wrong . 
I'm going to go lay down in some rainbow colored snow , and melt into the atmosphere and let myself go . I'll meet the sun up in the sky , and ask him why in the world he doesn't want to shine right now , and ask why he won't even try . He'll sing me a little song , and tell me that he's tired , so I'll let him take a nap , as I ride a bike around the clouds and hope it won't be long . 
My lips sewed shut , my eyes closed tight , my hands pressed hard against my ears . I've got nothing to see and nothing to hear , but while I sit in darkness , I've got the world to fear . 
there's a funny taste in my mouth . IT MUST BE THE TASTE OF HAPPINESS ! Yes . That's it . 
I wish I could dig into the mind of the usual person . See what it's like have a brain that functions as most others do . I wonder then if I'd consider myself much more brain wrong than I do now . 
Children these days make me realize where the world is going . It's a little sad really . 
Anyone wanna tell me what's so special about spring break ? I think people sounded more excited for this week off than Christmas break . 
In my country , football means soccer . Sooo , I don't like ANY footballll :D You stupid Americans you ;D 
Dear world , I've changed . 
is going to go to outerspace and planet hop , and explore the deep blue sea after having a tea party with sharks . All in one night . 
Life loves throwin stuff out there for us , I guess it's smart to start learnin what's worth catching and what's not . 
For the longest time i thought I'd lost the best of me , but I'd be damned if I quit now and that's for sure . 
Up = most adorable movie ever made on the face of this planet . 
Hello life , my name is Jennifer , and I think you've just about met your biggest disappointment yet . 
you have to be willing to lose it all in order to have anything at all in the first place . 
Summer is pointless , so is school , yet growing up is as well . Guess I'm screwed . 
Well , this was an extremely successful weekend . I've accomplished .. wait , nevermind , I haven't accomplished anything , when do I ever . 
has the best friends ever in the whole wide world . I do believe I am 323423 times luckier than everyone else in the world . Abigail Leigh Winter , Kaci Villasana VanWinter , Michael Legorreta , and Andrew Adventuregod Jackson , thank you . 
Anyone have any last minute halloween ideas for me , preferably something I can use simple special effects on ? 
): 
WAIT ONE SECOND GUYS . soooo the rangers won ? x ) 
RuPaul's Drag Race > America's Next Top Model 
Climbing trees , four square , and being certified indian warriors with kaci . Oh and who can forget that mans face :O 
I do not understand why people wear " free hugs " shirts if they aren't going to be okay with giving people hugs . It makes absolutely no sense to me at all . Just saying . 
Dear outside reading project , I will conquer you . 
You gotta know what you're up against in order to fight back . 
Sometimes I wonder if I'm going to remember all of this when I've grown old . 
today = best day of summer x ) 
Today- Picnicing , spinball , kite flying , shadow picture taking , tree climbing , story making , and fun with mister Andrew Jackpot . I even forgot it was sunday . Great day ? Yes :) 
I'm doing my homework , on a friday night , something must be wrong with me . 
New car- $lots of money . Mix CD- $12 . Jammin out to Girl Next Door , Skater Boy , and angsty teenager music with Andrew Adventuregod Jackson in the car and smelling like the sweet outdoors- Priceless . Tonight couldn't have been much better . Thanks day , for brightening up . 
Dear outside reading project , I have yet to conquer you thanks to my mad distractability skills and need to create awesome gory wounds , but beware . 
Well . I'm out of jello to make . And the brownies are in the oven . What next ? D: 
MY TONGUE IS NUMB ! ahahaha ... it feels silllllly 
It's about time all of this is over . It's about time the long year ends . I'm not going back . I can't , I won't go back . 
Dear life , you're not all that bad when you decide to be nice . Thank you . 
I might as well forget everything , maybe I'd get a fresh start . It's too bad that even then I'd probably make the same mistakes . 
There's no pain like that of being lost in what's supposed to be the most recognizable place . 
World of facebook , you certainly must be informed that I have two of the most incredible people in my life . There certainly are more , but I'm acknowledging these specific two tonight (: Mister magnificent man , Andrew Jacksonahh , and Miss magnificent best friend , Shaina Flowers . You both brighten up my day more than you imagine . Thank you . 
Hooray for bronchitis ! 
Gooooood afternoon facebookers ! It looks like a terrific monday with a 100% chance of radiating heat ! Step out into the fresh air and enjoy it by being burnt to a lovely crisp ! Have a happy day :D 
This weekend was a fantastic one , it rather felt like a whole week of fun bunched into two days . I wish every weekend was like this . Or everyday , that'd be cool . 
More smile time ? Most definitely (: 
also visited Sasha Flowers , Lacie Woodall , and Katarina Johnson ! :D 
spent most of the day teaching english classes how to do realllly basic special effects makeup . It was a blast like no other . P.S. my class may not have an idea set for the film yet , but we're still gonna kick everyone's butts . 
Good luck other on-level english classes (: 
It's only saturday . Oh , my , what a life we live . 
Looks like it's always up to the sequence of events . It's silly how I actually thought everything could instantly change . 
Good night guys , I hope you all have a wonderful day tomorrow , seems to me not a lot of people had a very marvelous monday . Sleep tight and sweet dreams . 
Dear facebook , don't eat flowers , they don't taste all that good ... at all x ) 
Truth be told , we're all 15% pathetic , 10% stupid , 50% selfish , 25% love , and 100% human . Too bad I can't say I'm not hating that unfortunate 75% of most of us right now . 
Kaci Villasana VanWinter , Andrew Adventuregod Jackson , Taylor Morris , and I are the best magicians ANYONE has ever seen . Thanks guys , for a wonderful after school adventure x ) 
I think this is the first english project I'll be turning in on time so far this year . I've conquered my procrastination for the time being . I believe it's time for a celebration . Off to sleep I go . Sleep tight everyone , and sweet dreams , you all deserve them . 
All I need is the air I breathe and a place to rest my head . 
Man , it's about time the weekend arrives . 
What a great way to end the day . 
Dear richland high school , learn to control your temper . 
Life is so much more enjoyable when you're not in school . 
Guess who's got a sugar glider ? This gal does . Sam is a cutie . 
Hello week , thanks for being such a pooper so far . Maybe you'll get a change of heart soon . That'd be swell . 
Black light pep rally = suprising success :) 
" If the sky that we look upon should tumble and fall , and the mountains should crumble to the sea , I won't cry , I won't cry , no I won't shed a tear , just as long as you stand , stand by me . " 
Hey guys ... don't eat expired pudding . It's really not that great D: 
School , nightmares , headaches , and emotions on steroids- sounds like an awesome week to me . 
I love the type of friends who use other people for -rides(yayy , you have a car , let's be best friends ) , swimming(yayy , you have a pool , let's be best friends ) , and all sorts of other wishwash . Convenience friends make me smile . I sure am glad I'm not friends with anyone like that :D 
I love people . * heavy sarcasm may be applied * The end . 
(: 
Today I was able to catch a duck using my telepathy skills . After about twenty minutes of excitement it was brought to my attention that his leg is broken . Not only did I alter Steven's brain waves to think I was his friend , but he also had no chance of escaping in the first place . 
Off I go . I won't be talking to you guys until wednesday , so behave yourselves . Have a good weekend everyone . 
should have gotten coffee this morning . Bummer . 
Hi , I'm cool because I replace my friends with cooler people that have more advantages behind them . -I'm tired of crap " friends " like that . Hey , friends , just so you know , I actually care about you for who you are , not what you can get me . 
Wowww . I know I'm pretty dumb myself , but really , you're just an idiot . I love idiots . Yayyyy . 
coughing fits suck . 
hates nightmares . 
National day of silence , not wearing shoes for africa , and no makeup because you're beautiful no matter what- are movements the new fad now ? I'm sure we could do more than start events on facebook , but hey , this is much better than dressing pretty and looking cool . 
Guys ! If you'd like to , add J'aime Effects as a friend . I haven't completely set it up yet , but it will basically become my home base for any special effects . Like the mother ship in Power Rangers . It'll be rockin . P.S. if you want to make me a J'aime FX logo , you'll be my best friend . 
Gardening and hangout time = suprisingly fun , but oh so tiring . 
Dora Villasana , Andrew Adventuregod Jackson , Abigail Leigh Winter , and Kaci Villasana-shilsonjacasky VanWinter thank you , for everything . 
Easy A = :D + <3 
and on a completely unrelated note , I wish I could pierce my eyebrow ): 
:D :) :] : > : 7 :} D . ( period makes it akward ) it's been a wonderful week . 
Hello , my name is Jennifer , and I like to smiiiiile (: 
I love you . 
I've got a million reasons to smile and only a handful of reasons to frown . Things aren't too shabby . Guys , there's hope out there for all of you , and there's smiles out there for all of us . We just gotta keep our heads up and our eyes open . You never know what's gonna come next . 
Everyone hating on Twilight fans- for real ? Just let people live their lives and have their fun . Seeing a hundred " I'm so disappointed in you " posts all over my wall is getting tiring . Yeah , some people are extremists , but that goes for every group of people , not just movie fans D:< 
is indirectly quoting the song " emotional " by diana degarmo simply by posting this as a status . Feel free to reminisce upon old memories of the song , and/ or look up the lyrics . It makes me smile x ) 
No matter what , human beings were created to interact . We're all puzzle pieces waiting to be placed with our other corresponding sides ; ready to create something beautiful . 
Today was a stupid day . True storyyyy . 
wants to go back to sleep forever and not have to go to work -.- 
space cowboyyyyy 
is going to explode . 
I hate when I actually feel like getting something accomplished , but I can't because I don't have the materials to do what I want . 
Guys , I don't even know anything anymore . 
hfidsujhfoiwejrwelksEXPLOSION . Yesterday > today . 
I fly solo . 
Chowder = what the heckkk . Cartoon network is so strange . 
I shouldn't be up this early on a saturday -.- breakfast at applebees < sleep . 
Sleep obviously wins by a landslde . 
" knowledge can never replace friendship . " -patrick , after choosing to be stupid again and have spongebob as a friend rather than be a genius . Good choice patrick , good choice . 
I did my online PE class in a week , when it was a two month course . Yet somehow I managed to get a 90 . I feel accomplished . 
Life's not about trying to lead a normal and productive life . No way , it's about accepting that we're all a little insane and having fun with it instead :D 
Everybody dies but not everybody lives . 
Wizard of oz cast , you guys did fantastic tonight (: 
I’m slippin , I’m sliding , I’m fallin fast into my coffin . Eyes burning , tongue spewing , I’m screaming someone please stop it ! They’re coming in too fast ; they surround me too quick . I look into darkness ; my eyes don’t do the trick . I feel them all around , I feel them crawling on my skin . I can’t make a single sound , they’re feeding on my sin . 
Shoe and white . Look at the words for too long , and their spelling will look absolutely ridiculous . 
Wonders why Andrew Adventuregod Jackson needs a reason for why Jennifer needs a reason for him to inquire what she wants to do with the rest of the day ..... but yeah , pizza :D thennn partyyyy ?! 
Man , what a lame last full day of school . I say this weekend should rock . 
listening to Andrew Adventuregod Jackson and Logan Ringley on the phone = best thing ever x ) 
I don't consider it snow if it melts on ground impact . I like to call it LAME . 
Can we make snowmen ? No . Can we make snowballs ? No . Will school be cancelled ? Negatory captain . So is it a big deal ? not quite -.- 
Sorry guys , sound's not workin on my computer , so spontinaity will have to be postponed . Lots of love to everyone (: 
But if I fall , I fall up , and let the clouds hug me . 
hello monday , you really sucked , good thing you're almost over . 
is having absolutely the most fantastiiiic day of all days . Summer is the best , so is having friends . Yup , i'm moving to alaska . 
got superglue on her face . Sad day . 
hates gardening and sweat . Weee . 
I find it pretty ridiculous when people post statuses mocking or talking crap about someone else , when they don't even have the balls to put who they're talking about . This is to everyone by the way . I'll keep away from being a hypocrite . 
The stinging words of the crowd , they speak of me like I've lost my mind , like I am some kind of joke . Simply no longer afraid , I throw my head back and laugh , and take a drink of new wine . 
weirdest night ever x ) 
Most people go swimming , watch TV , or hang with friends to pass the time . What do I do ? Make bloody art (: 
Baby sittin , and the girls are asleep . Sounds good to me :D 
Man , summer sucks . 
IF YOU'RE NOT YELLING IN YOUR HEAD WHILE YOU TYPE IT , THEN DON'T TYPE IT IN CAAPPPSSS . Reading something in all capital letters tends to wear me out . Maybe that's just me . 
Man , I don't even know what to say anymore . My creative juices don't exist . They evaporated . Hello boring Jennifer , it's nice to meet you . I guess you'll be staying for a while , so make yourself cozy . 
is watching a cat have babies x ) 
wonders why Andrew Adventuregod Jackson wonders what I want to do . Pizzaaaa . 
loves orange juiceeee :D :) and her bubba (: 
neeeeds human interactionnnnn D: 
I shut my eyes and all the world drops dead . I lift my lids and all is born again . 
No one to hang out with ? Check . Nothing to do ? Check . Most boring and pointless summer ? CHECK . I'm not ready for school , I'm ready for teleportation devices and hang outable friends . 
wants to go home . 
You're flyin like superman , you're climbin like spidey . There's no limit to your powers , wake up and smell the flowers . 
a wonderful phone call from my bestest best friend , frozen orange juice , and fun time makes for a fantastic sunday evening . 
Logan Ringley is my number one for liiife (; everyone else is 1.5 
If you like this ........ youuuuu get something spontaneous ! Be afraid . 
The A-team = great movie . 
Dear Andrew Jacksonahh , Michael Legorreta , and Shaina Flowers , thank you for making my day fantastic . To Andrew : you are a fantastic everything . To Michael : I had a great time at laser quest , getting to see you defacialhairilized , beating you at air hockey , and seeing my UBF again . To Shaina : you already heard it all . I love you guys , with all my heart (: 
My brother is on drugs . He needs urgent psychological assistance . 
( you'RE and youR ) - two DIFFERENT words . Please , please , please learn the difference . I'll explain , you're = you are . AKA , you're weird , or , you're eating my pizza ! Your = possesive . AKA , your pizza was delicious , or , your pet elephant is really nice . 
wishes to thank work for depleting her of the joy that comes from the last day of summer . 
wants someone to kidnap her in a gorilla outfit . Man , aren't I talkative today x ) 
It's party timeeeee 
Dear online PE class , if you were a person you would not be breathing right now . 
I really hope you all have a wonderful , if not decent , day to today . To some it's been a long boring summer , while others have been hangin and having a blast every other day . It doesn't quite matter though , because there are plenty of more summers to come . And for those that are maybe having a rough time , whether or not I talk to you much , I'm here for you , and so are other people . You'll get through it . We all will . 
Andrew Jacksonahh and Shaina Flowers are wonderful cheer-er uppers (: Sleep tight everyone , I certainly will . 
has done more exercise in one day of work at kroger than she's done all summer . 
is going to move to an igloo in alaska and never leave . 
is home alone with my sister and Andrew Jacksonahh . So what do Andrew and I do ? Dress up as each other and do homework . Yup , this is the life :) 
I desperately need some songs to drive in my car to . They need to brighten my day and prepare me for work . Suggestions would be LIFE SAVING . 
Isn't it supposed to be winter ? 
had an absolutely spectacular day with Andrew Jacksonahh and a wonderful evening visiting miss Shaina Flowers . Can't get much better than today (: 
is spending the night with the fantastic Shaina Flowers for the first time in practically a year . Hoooray ! (: 
is ridiculously excited . 
here we go again . weeeee . 
I had a dream that I was bagging items at kroger . The cashier was going RIDICUOUSLY fast and it was as if the whole store was being bought . I couldn't bag fast enough so the items just started to flood around me . Eventually , I was trapped in an ocean of kroger groceries . Yeah . I had a great first day of work x ) 
What is this nonesense ? Jennifer is reviewing for a test ? Wait . What ? No .. This is obviously a robotic semi clone that has come to confuse and disorient the world . 
south african oranges taste better than peru oranges . 
is just now starting to have a decent summer -.- CURSE YOU SUMMER GODS . 
is having a best super best friend best day of summer party with Andrew Jacksonahh , Kaci Villasana-shilsonmojacasky VanWinter , Shaina Flowers , and Sasha Flowers (: 
Mrs. Martin's first period english students rock . Thank you all for being so helpful with our movie . I appreciate your help :) 
got a ten dollar tip from a lady at kroger . Dear lady , you are greatly appreciated . 
" OMG there's hot australian boys at our school and they are just so darn attractive and they have the hottest accent and we might as well call them hotstralians because they're sooooo dreammmmmyyyy " 
Shut up , no one cares . 
thinks that Slaughter is the coolest last name ever . And I'm probably alone on that one x ) 
will conquer AP psychology this year :D 
Wait a second . So the steelers won ? 
Dear residents of facebook , i need YOUR opinion here . WHICH IS BETTER , TIMMY TURNER OR JIMMY NEUTRON ?!?! 
Hello , does anyone who have AP psychology want to let me borrow a copy of their people chart ? Jennifer has to study her brains out before the test . 
Magic etc . to me is equal to the average woman's top notch mall . 
oovoo looks like a four eyed owl . or like a monkey with a beak . that too . 
Dear artifically flavored fat free red velvet cake yogurt , thank you for making my walk worth it , you are suprisingly good tasting x ) 
I really recommend watching the movie To Save A Life . It has a religious base , but there's more to it than that . If you've got some free time , go rent it . I mean what else are ya gonna do , sit around being bored ? 
I look like a chubby ten year old boy . It's pretty exciting :D 
I really enjoyed listening to the rumors about what happened today at school . Talk gets around quick . Fights , a bomb , graffitti , sex in the bathrooms , and a water leak all sound like fantastic reasons to make students awkwardly leave school . 
the numbness collides with the desire to feel , destroying the line between what's fake and what's real . 
-.- no school tomorrow either . this blows . 
I like talking walks in this weather . It's nice . 
Don't ever try to play leapfrog with a unicorn . 
It's about damn time to live it up . I'm so sick of being so serious . It's makin ' my brain delirious :D 
It's a purdy day . 
Although you don't care , I'm going to tell you about my evening because of how pathetic it makes me seem . Boredom , boredom , food , boredom , neopets , neopet cheats , boredom , facebook , food , temporary tattoo frenzy , boredom , homework , unnecessary reading of psychology book , boredom . Weekends = pooptoobes . 
" the trick to life is not to get too attached to it . " 
got the kinect yesterday . I've never been so sore in my life . I'm gonna be buff :D 
I'm on the pursuit of happiness and I know everything that shines ain't always gonna be gold . I'll be fine once I get it , I'll be gooooood . 
Scott Pilgrim Vs . The World = <3 x ? 
Easy A was a pretty swell movie , I enjoyed it at least . I hope you've all had a great saturday . 
The average Facebook users spend more than 55 minutes a day on the site . They use the Like button nine times a month and write 25 comments each month . 
The 100 truths note reminds me of myspace bulletins . The days of preoccupying ourselves with pointless surveys has begun yet again . 
# 4 reason to smile- spam . 
i just wanted to share my smiles , guys . deal with it . 
:D 
I hope that everyone doesn't act completely baffled when I'm finally knocked out of my last sense and self destruct along with the world . 
I wished I lived closer to a library ): 
Sam the girl sugar glider needs a proper name . Less than three syllables is prefered :D 
Like my status and I'll either explode or tell you something you didn't already know . 
This is my life , and people try to shut me down . Put my music on , and those people don't make a sound . 
I wanna live in a world where we're all the same , where the hurt doesn't come , and we can't feel pain . I wanna live in a world where we're all insane . 
Wants a jumanji board . 
Wholesomely regrets not giving AP english a chance . 
horror movie making in english class = coolest thing ever x infinity . Even if we don't win , this thing is kickin ' . 
Got an 87 on my psychology exam . Booyahhh . 
Congratulations to everyone who made Wizard of Oz . You guys will be great (: 
P.S. I hope you didn't all die waiting for the list to be posted .. 
I can't help but laugh at how pathetic everything ends up being . 
I can't pierce my eyebrow , so i might as well get my cartilage down . 
Hoping that it would be similar to the Brothers Grim or Van Helsing , I was a little excited when I saw that there's going to be a new Red Riding Hood movie . Then I saw that it's directed by the director of Twilight and watched the trailer . I'm not that excited anymore . 
I was always there , but you just never knew where . 
Jeez louise . If I see one more status about BISD and wanting school to be closed tomorrow I'm going to violently tear someone's face off . And as amusing as that sounds , I'd rather not have to deal with the legal consequences . So basically , shut up -.- 
The roads better clear up by tomorrow afternoon . Not having any other option but to waste away at home again is not on my agenda . I'm gonna have a throw down with mother nature if she doesn't clean up her act . 
I may be a nerd , but anagrams make me smile . 
Jennifer villasana : reveals final ninja . 
When I was leaving school earlier , I noticed a ridiculously dirty truck with a bright pink bra tied to the antenna . It was a rather confusing moment . 
I spend my days on the bench cuz i'm too afraid to play the game . 
You can't learn to tell the truth until you learn to lie . 
I'm drowning , but i don't care . Cuz when you got what i got , who needs air ? 
There's not much music any more beautiful than that of the Scala & Kolacny Brothers . 
I feel like someone just slapped me straight across the face and said , " Wake the fuck up , Jennifer , and look at what you've been missing out on " . 
" If at first you don't succeed , lower your expectations . " 
For those of you who are interested in a good read , I most definitely suggest you take a look at Bertrand Russell's " The Conquest Of Happiness " . So far it has blown me away , and I recommend it to anyone who appreciates some good ol ' psychology and philosophy . The man is absolutely astounding . 
" Very few people can resist saying malicious things about their aquaintances , and even on occasion about their friends ; yet when people hear that anything has been said against them , they are filled with indignant amazement . It apparently never occured to them that , just as they gossip about everyone else , so everyone else gossips about them . " 
Facebook , I understand that you have to be funded by ads and all in order to be free or whatnot , but you could at leasttt make the ads a little more interesting . Last time I checked , learning how to skeet shoot properly wasn't on my exciting things to do list . Your disappointing ads are making my computer recreate the days when myspace would slowly destroy every little bit of its mechanical soul . IT'S DISGUSTING |:< 
There was an old lady who swallowed a fly . I don't know why she swallowed a fly , perhaps she'll die . There was an old lady who swallowed a spider , that wiggled and wiggled and tickled inside her . She swallowed the spider to catch the fly . I don't know why she swallowed the fly , perhaps she'll DIE . 
Awesome thing of the day : the feeling of jumping into a pool when it's realllly hot outside . 
The early bird may get the worm , but the second mouse gets the cheese . 
People suck . 

On the bright side , Sucker Punch was bad ass . 
I used to think that people suck , then I decided that they don't suck so bad , but now I've changed my mind AGAIN . 
People suck . 
On the brightside , I'm going to watch me some movies . Hoorayyy . 
It's funny how fast things can change . 
Three posters that I want to own with all of my soul- a Suckerpunch poster , the Machete poster with Michelle Rodriguez in it , anddddd a Resident Evil poster :D 
Life goes on . 
Although Alice In Wonderland wasn't AMAZING , I've got to admit , being mad seems like a wonderful alternative to sanity . 
