Life isn't about perfection 
Happy New Yr Everyone !!! wish you all the best ... xxxxx 
Less than one day but geeze .. 14 hrs on the plane . Argh .. It's killing me already just thinking about it . 
Do not overrate what you have received , nor envy others . A person who envies others does not obtain peace of mind . 
It's cambodia new yr , miss cambodia so much .. and here i am sitting study for my mid exam .. gahhhh .... life is so freaking unfair :'( 
Happy Valentine ppl !! xx 
sometime maybe I interfere too much ... 
Anyone did the subject called information system ? If u do could u let me know asap ? Cuz my idiot friend kinda need help ( jk ) :P Thank heaps xx 
( he related to u , nia ) hahaha 
Happy Water Festivals to all my Cambodian friends . Hope you guys have great holiday xx ... 
wants to go home now :'( still @ uni gahhh .... 
Missing home in Cambodia so much for some reasons :'( 
Exactly two weeks from today till the first exam start ... X ( 
hates group assignment soooooo much X ( 
one more day to go :D 
what the hell ? new ppl added to my friend lists without me knowing ? How could that happened ? :O 
Happy New yr everyone ! Wish you guys all the best !! xx 
Final exams are coming in less than 3 weeks .. count down starting O.o 
Stuck at uni till nite :,( 
need to study .. exams are coming soon !!!!!!!! X ( 
With all my heart , I wish those people rest peacefully .. Mourning 22.11.10 
So sick of studying now ... Argh .. One more exam left . Can't wait to be done ... 
It's finally over for this semester XD 
ppl are so unreasonable sometime >.< 
Merry Christmas everyone xx 
Exams are finally over .. Ready for the trip ... US here I come nxt sunday yey :D 
An insincere and evil friend is more to be feared 
than a wild beast , a wild beast may wound your body , but an evil friend 
will wound your heart and mind ... 
Pls put this on ur status if u know or love some1 who is gay . My wish is 
that people wil understand that being gay is not a disease nor a choice- 
people who r gay r not looking for cure but acceptance and equalright ! 
93% won't copy and paste this . Will u make it yr status for at least one 
... hour ? 
I like it on the table 
Miss the old time when we were altogether .. MIss you guys so so so so much :'( 
Here I go one day Cambodia .. 
26 days to go ... soooo excited :D 

I sent you a smiley ! Want to see it ? http://apps.facebook.com/smileycentral/go.jhtml?partner=ZNzfb008_ZRxdm796YYAU 
Hello from US :D 
wish exam period is over soon ( T^T ) 
Thank everyone for the b'day wishes ... Lub you guys xx 
In 2 weeks time here I come US :D 
so done with uni argh ... 
This is gonna be the worse disaster in Cambodia in more than 20 years ... 22/11/10 is a night mare .. 
I pray for those who died in the incident to rest in peace .... 
3 days to go , here i come Oz :D <3 
Can't wait till all the assignments and exams are done so she can get ready for the trip to US .. US here I come :D 
Life is so unpredictable ... 
G'bye US .. Here I come OZ , I'll see you tomorrow :D <3 
Hello OZ :D 
Melbourne here I come on 16th Feb :D 
Catch a dream and run with it !!! 
Happy New Year from US !!! Wish you all the best every one :D 
Happy Chinese New Year to all my Chinese friends !!!! Wish you guys all the best this year !! xx 
OZ here i come in 2 weeks :D 
Hello Melbourne :D 
Blueberry 
It takes awhile for people to show their true colour .. 
If I have curves , I'm fat ! If I wear makeup , I'm fake ! If I dress up , I'm a Show off ! If I say what I think , I'm a ..... If I say nothing , I have an ' Attitude problem ' , If I cry sometimes , I'm a drama queen ! If I have guy friends , I'm Fast . If I stand up for myself , I'm mouthy . Its like you can't do anything nowadays without being labeled . So what ? Give a Damn !!! Re-post this if you are proud of who you are =) 
Break Break ... yey !! :D 
Party time ;) 
Let me be the one .... 
It's 2 AM , I can't sleep ahhh ...... 
20 graphs ahh .. m dying 
Exam in 1 hr 
