Just finished watching Finding Nemo . I love that movie . 
Good news , I've heard it's supposed to stay above freezing tonight . 
Curse you , Mother Nature and your bloody freezing rain ..... 
Well ... Finished some computer maintenence ... After 4 hours working on the bloody thing , it's finally in good condition ... 
Mmmm ... Spicy chili ... 
Band Camp starts next week ! And I'm staying with grandma Sunday all the way until Friday that week ! Gonna be a great week ! 
Thank goodness it's Friday ! 

Have a nice weekend , everybody ! 
As was once said by a good friend of mine ... 
" Dear jack Frost , 
Please come to Jennings County and F.S.U. " 
-Matt Rude 
If a person said " Everything I say is a lie . " Then he would actually be telling the truth , but since everything he's now saying is true , he's stated that everything he says is a lie . 
Gotta love oxymorons .... 
Anyone else here hoping they reschedule homecoming ? Lol 
I don't think it's going to accumulate .... I'm gonna call it and say school tomorrow , no delays . 
Happy Friday , everyone !! \n 
Well , going to bed ... once again , I hope to see none of you tomorrow . Lol ... 
Good night ! 
Daytime TV sucks ... 
Got my permit a couple weeks ago . Now all I gotta do is wait until January and log 50 hours of driving time ... Then i can get my license .... Dad approves , mom doesn't ... But what can ya do , eh ? 
Well , Elizabeth asked me to not carry around my satchel bag and to use my locker next year . That thing was really easy to organize . But I'm gonna listen to her and try going without it . 
The bus ride from home to school takes so long ... Plenty of time to take a nap at least ... 
Awesome job at the game tonight , Panthers . =D 
Hey ! It stopped snowing ! I wonder what's gonna happen tomorrow ! =D 
Aye ... Not been too upbeat the past couple of days .... 
List of people and tv shows that should never be seen by the eyes of any human 
1 . Justin Beiber 
2 . Jersey Shore 
3 . Adam lambert 
4 . Lady Gaga 
5 . Family Guy 
6 . South Park 
7 . etc 
Two Hour Delay tomorrow . Not sure if it's still subject to change . 
Hmm , I wonder what's gonna happen tomorrow .... I'll be interested to know . 
Staying at Grandma's for Christmas . Been playing Texas Hold ' em for the past 3 hours . Currently leading in chips .... 
Well , should have been in bed long before this , but ... 
Good night everybody , and sleep tight ! 
Aye yi yi .... Can't sleep ... And Craig Ferguson is on ! Oh the hilarity ! 
Well , finally break time ... What to do , what to do .... 
mmm ... Taco Bell .... 
Anyone feel like counting down the days ' till the Marching Pride of Jennings County sets off for Disney World ? ( Ben * cough cough *) 
Well , I think we're gonna be in school tomorrow . Just me , though ... 
Bring on the finals so I can ace ' em and get them done and over with ... Lol 
I want the Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson to hurry up and come on ! Lol 
Anyone seen The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen ? 
Seems like everyone is online because they're fairly confident the school board's gonna revise this decision and close school tomorrow ... Nathan is amused . ( Man , I hope they cancel it ! ) 
High winds ... The branches are swaying and my old farmhouse is creaking . 
" I'm sorry , but I can't hear you over the sound of how awesome I am . " 
Best quote ever . Lol 
Well , I'll see you all tomorrow . Hope everyone gets plenty of sleep , and has a good night . 
Well , Merry Christmas , everybody . 
" If it seems like bad idea , it probably is . " -Anonymous 
Christmas Break is almost here . The sooner it gets here , the better . 
Had an awesome Friday . However , I'm glad to be home and able to relax on this wonderful Saturday . =) 
Alright , I'm gonna start a little game here ... Answer my question with a question , answer that question with a question , answer that question with a question , etc . 
Am I mad ( Crazy ) for starting this game ? 
Well , in addition to the ice , I'm hearing that we might get a fair amount of snow ... Governor Mitch Daniels currently has the Indiana National Guard on standby . 
Yep ... Looking out the window , the road in front of my house doesn't look too friendly ... 
Love the farmers who live near me . They use their tractors to clear the road and the neighbors ' driveways . Gotta love Commiskey Pike . =D 
Beat Seymour ! And I got a new phone . Overall , a very good day . 
is Computer maintenence ... One of the most boring yet essential things computer owners should do ... 
is Nathan : Nathan ! What're you doing on Facebook at 2:15 ?! 
Snow snow go away ! come again another day !! 
Person 1 : " You fight like a dairy farmer ! " 
Person 2 : " How appropriate . You fight like a cow . " 
I woke up , looked out my window to see it was snowing ... Ahhh ... Crap ... 
TV's out because the satellite dish is caked in snow ... Lol . Can't watch my morning tv shows . 
Dinner for Schmucks was a good movie =D 
I wonder what's gonna happen tomorrow .... Hmmmm ..... 
Not sure if I can count on this weather sticking around , but my goodness , i'm gonna enjoy it ! 
Well , can't say I didn't see this coming . The cold weather is back . 
Well , I can't believe it ... We're leaving for Disney next month and I'm more and more excited every day ! 
Interesting trivia : 
A British plumber by the name of Thomas Crapper popularized the modern flush toilet in the late 1800's . 
Yes , his last name really was Crapper . look it up if you don't believe me . 
Finally , another year is less than a day away from being over ! The sooner we get to 2012 , the sooner all of the people who actually believe in it will be proven wrong ... Sorry , it just doesn't seem plausible . Lol 
Twenty-two days until the Marching Pride of Jennings County sets off for Walt Disney World in Florida !! 
Going to bed . Here's hoping I see none of you tomorrow ! lol 
And if I don't , Happy Snow Day ! 
Well , I just looked out the window , and a car's wrecked just down the road . Be careful out there if you plan on driving tonight or tomorrow ! 
Working on Chemistry + Listening to Mozart to concentrate = Some major progress . 
WISH Severe Alert\n New Alert\nTornado watch in effect for Jennings until 02/28/2011 06:00 
The Simpsons movie ..... Not sure what i think of it ... But Harry Plopper/Spider Pig knows ! 
Good job at sectionals , boys . Sorry you lost , though ... You had a great season ! 
And a shout-out to all of my fellow Band geeks who also attended : 
Good job , you did Jennings County proud ! 
Woohoo ! Packers got it ! haha ! 
\nwellI cant wait to get home 
Checkin in thanks to moms iPod . Thanks for the thoughts and prayers everyone 
good news my doctors say i should be good to come home on Monday . im so happy . 
I LOVE MY FAMILY AND FRIENDS !! thanks so much for the love and cards\n 
random trivia : a British plumber by the name of Thomas Crapper popularized the modern flush toilet in the late 1800 s\nNate 
So good to be home ... I got a follow up appointment next week though . And I'm not gonna be able to get back to school until after break .... -.- 
Waking up at 2:48 in the morning with a splitting head ache ..... Not fun .... 
Can't believe it's already St. Patrick's day . but then again I've been in a hospital for 2 weeks . Kinda lose track of time when you're there . 
Just noticed the stroke caused me to start having a stutter and a little bit of slurred speech . I didn't notice it until now . Lol =P 
Well , The Jennings County High School Department of Bands is leaving for Florida . Without me . =/ 
All I can do is wish them the best of luck with their performances , and have fun ! 
I wish I could go with you guys still ! 
And I love you all ! 
Feels let down that he couldn't join the band in Florida . =/ 
Oh well , my life's more valuable than some week long trip and 2 miserable bus rides anyway . I hope my friends are having fun though . =) 
Spider Pig , Spider Pig . Does whatever a Spider Pig does . Can he swing , from a web ? No he can't , ' cause he's a pig . 
Heard this excellent weather isn't gonna stick around . 
Cookout at Grandma's! Be back later ! 
Good to be home ... 
Well , woke up to a minor headache .... Don't think it'll stick around considering I too my pain medication right before bed . 
" Crap ! I've been mind raped ! " -A thought I had 2 days after waking up from the coma . 
I know my neurologist won't see this , but Dr. Aaron Cohen-Gadol is the man who saved my life that day , and I can't think of how I could ever repay him . So a big thank you goes to him . 
Is sick and tired of " Beiber fever " 
To my Band-mates who got home from Florida today : 
Welcome home to wonderful , chilly Indiana ! Muhahaha ! 
Well , as the stack of make-up work thins , as does my patience for doing it .... 
Well , not gonna finish it all tonight ... I don't think most of my teachers expected me to finish my work in such a short amount of time anyway . Especially Mrs. Bushong . Lol . Algebra 2 is gonna be very tough to get caught up in .... And i can't figure out why Mr. Snyder didn't send me any work . 
Well , Craigf Ferguson ran out of time tonight , they couldn't read the tweets ... ( And e-mails ) 
Thanks to everyone who helped me out today . It's very much appreciated . =) 
Thanks Frank for the Harry Potter Wand replica . And thanks to my friends in Band for being just plain awesome . \nNate 
just found out a company I'm very interested in had its board replaced by bank investors . All because the people who knew what they were doing , and doing a great job of it , didn't want to do it anymore . They're now holding other jobs in the company now . 
Well , I'm seeing an icy glaze on the road , and people are driving really slow . 
Just going to reiterate something I've said before ... 
Yes , I am a computer geek . No , I will not fix your bloody computer .... Lol 
Did some research and these two articles are very accurate . 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cerebral_arteriovenous_malformation 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intracerebral_hemorrhage 
From WISH TV 
" Winter Storm watch in effect for Jennings County until 02/02/11 19:00 " 
Great , just great . -.- 
Well , it would seem that I might be switching instruments and learning to play piano and xylophone , seeing as I won't be able to play the trumpet for a while , if ever again . 
Duck Tape Myths on Mythbusters . Hehe .... Geniuses ! Oh , and I like the explosions and the science behind the show too ! 
Wow ... Chords on a piano are easy to learn . In part because , well , prior musical experience really helps . 
Alas , the ceremonial Gathering on Facebook before a Winterstorm .... Fun . Rofl 
Weird post of the day : Nazi Germany surrendered to the Allies on ? May 7th , 1945 .? Chuck ? Norris was born ? on May 6th , 1945 . Coincidence ? I think not . 
Well , a not too promising sign as far as my recovery goes : 
I'm having a fairly bad headache . Although I wouldn't call it bad enough to warrant a hospital visit . 
Why am I still up at 11:18 and listening to Chicago with their amazing , blaring horn section ? Because they're the best band ever ? Yes indeedy ! 
Well , went to Cracker Barrel and had lunch with my grandparents , and finally got my hair cut to even it out with what the surgeons cut off to put that shunt in my head . Overall , a very good day . 
<3 The cake is a lie , but the cube is forever <3 
( Like this if you have any idea of what I'm talking about ) 
Well , my networking equipment got hit by lightning . Means no internet for me . Epic fail . \nNate 
Using his neighbor's wifi ( with permission ! ) to bring you this message : 
The Game . that is all . 
Found myself a new favorite tv show . Dr. Who . Lol\nNate 
Just a reminder , there is currently a TORNADO WATCH in effect for JENNINGS COUNTY , and it expires at 23:00 EDT . 
Well , I've finallhy gotten the laptop I've been saving for months to buy , and after using it , I can say the following about Windows 7 : 
Windows 7 is possibly the best OS since Windows XP , although , Windows XP is still a better OS . I also don't like how Windows 7 " babies " the user and treats me like I don't know a thing about the hardware .... I clicked OK for a reason , I don't need confirmation . 
Twilight : The story of a girl's struggle between beastiality and necrophillia ... 
Yes , i hate the movies and books . Hehe ... 
High-end gaming computers : The luxury cars of the nerd/gamer universe 
Car crash right down the road . Fun stuff ..... 
Prom : The biggest waste of teenagers ' money since it was first started as a tradition . 
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal skull ... It's on USA and I still think its a good movie . 
Bella : You're pale white , and ice cold ... i know what you are ... 
Edward : Say it ... Out loud ... Say it ! 
Bella : A snowman . 
Just wanna say , I'm responsible for the death of Bin Laden . I sent my army of mutants overseas to kill him . 
.... Ok , not really , but it would have been cool , eh ? 
Me : The King of sarcasm and smart allecs since 1993 
Some person : S(he ) be(lie)ve(d ) 
Funny guy : S(he ) didn't ( ma)ke him a san(d)wich 
Epic win 
Watching Dr Who and loving it . 
well , instead of prom , I invited Steven Fleek over for a night of Call of Duty : Black Ops and other video games ... Overall , a good night in the Man Cave 
CNN is asking ... 
" Is America safer now that Osama bin Laden is dead ? " 
I say ... 
In the long term , definitely . 
Short term ... Eh ... Watch for suspicious characters boarding your flight or train . 
Computer Geeks : Fixing everyone else's computers for at least 25 years ( You're welcome . =P ) 
One time ... At band camp ... Someone peed in the water and called it Gatorade ... ( Hasn't happened at a JCHS Band Camp yet , but now that it's out there , it just might .... Crap ... ) 
I checked in to the asylum only to find I was completely normal . In there . 
Well , helped with a fundraiser , got some taco bell , and now Im " patiently " waiting for mom at a hair salon ... \nNate 
My sanity : Missing since 2005 . If you see it , please tell it that i don't miss it . I'm having way too much fun . 
Comedy central stand-up .... Hilarious 
Watchingf Ace Ventura : Pet Detective 
Been working on some school work for the past 3 to 4 hours , and I think I'll be working for another 45-60 minutes ... great .... just great ... 
DONE ! ( With everything I had scheduled for today ) Good night ! 
I'm about ready to say " Screw the school work and bring on the finals ! " I'm ready for ' em and I'm ready for summer break ... Frankly , I'm worn out . ( I might have senioritis . ) 
Yes , I am a computer geek . No , i will not fix your computer ... 
Computer tip of the week : Defragment your hard drive at least once every 3 months ! 
In Windows 7 , you can do this by opening the start menu , and searching " Disk Defragmenter " . Analyze your disk drives . If they are more than 10% fragmented , run a disk defrag . 
So , what did we learn today ? 
-Turtles are amazing 
-The Nationwide Spokesperson can make a giant boulder shrink to the size of a pebble ! 
I finally got my TARDIS working ... it's outdated , but it gets the job done ! 
The TARDIS took me to see the end of the world , and guess what ?! The world isn't going to end until the day the sun goes into its Red Giant days ! 
" I'm being extremely clever , and there's no one up here to stand around looking impressed ! What's the point in having you all ?! " -Matt Smith as The Doctor , Doctor Who 
Never get in an argument with an idiot . he will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience ... Unless you're me , in which case , I'll pull him up to my level and mutate him . 
Day 2 of finals . United States History and English . Got my two favorites today . =P 
One thing that should be known about me : I'm a madman . 
Working on installing Ubuntu on this computer . Gonna set up a dual boot so i can uninstall Ubuntu later if i don't like it , and that's the hard part ... >.< 
And the 700MB download sucks .... 
Lesson I've learned over the past couple of days : Windows wants to be the only operating system on my computer , and I've tried every single workaround I can find to install Linux , but they've all failed . 
Rule 36 of the Internet : There will always be more messed up crap than what you just saw . 
Rule 18 : 
Everything that can be labeled can be hated . 
Home from the Indianapolis 500 . Heat , Indy Cars and the Marching Pride of Jennings County . What more could you ask for ? lol 
Stupid people : The ones providing entertainment for smart people since 65,000 B.C. 
Charlie Sheen : Winning 
Rottweilers : best dog breed ever . And it looks like we might be getting one . =D 
The ... The only reason we die ... Is because we accept it ... As an inevitability ... Pwah ! -Stewie Griffin after smoking something . 
Haha ! Linux is now installed on my laptop alongside Windows ! Suck it , Microsoft ! 
Charlie Sheen : Not losing 
Rule 29 of the internet : Don't argue with trolls . It means they win . 
Well , I've got a monitor hooked up to my laptop , but I can't seem to get the monitor's display settings right . Oh well , an extended display is useful . 
If a vegetarian becomes a zombie , do they still eat brains ? 
To the Class of 2011 : 
Good luck , and I hope to see you all again at some point in the future . 
Rules of The Internet : 
107 ) " That's what she said " jokes are stupid . No Exceptions 
Godwin's Law : This rule of internet behaviour states that , the longer a conversation within a forum , chat room , or any other form of communication over the internet persists , the more likely a reference to Nazis or Hitler is to appear . If the reference occurs during an argument or flame war , the side who brings up the reference loses the argument . 
After seeing some hilarious trolling on the internet as of late , I fear I may run out of laughter soon . 
Gonna be watching the all day Doctor Who Marathon on BBC that started just now . 
Of course ... I'm halfway through the new episode of Doctor Who and thick clouds knock out my satellite TV .... 
Today is an exceptionally nice day . 
If you run a computer on Windows 7 , do the following : 
Open ' My Computer ' 
Open Drive C 
Open the ' WINDOWS ' Folder 
Open the ' media folder ' 
Click on ' onestop ' and listen . Lol 
Jolly Ranchers !! 
I wonder if this new Firefox extension I got for Facebook works ... 
I like bow ties . Bow ties are cool . 
Fear me , Doctor . I've killed hundreds of Time Lords . 
No , fear me . I've killed all of them . 
Well , I hear thunder in the distance .... 
Also , today is National Man Day ! Break out the Rambo DVDs !! 
Why are there so many people on Facebook at 2:30 in the morning ?! >_> 
News update from CBS : Al-Zawahiri has been picked as the new leader of Al-Qaeda . 
United States GDP for this Fiscal year : 15 trillion 
Potential United States Federal Deficit by the end of the year : 15 trillion 
Anyone else see a problem here ? 
Well , brother and sister are at dad's and mom's in Cincinnati ... Enjoy the peace and quiet while it lasts ... Lol 
Downloading a few episodes of Doctor Who on iTunes . 
Took apart my old desktop , put it back together and booted it up , no problems ... And then I opened it up just to get to the RAM . 
I don't understand why people get overly excited on the price is right .... The people on Who wants to be a millionaire have more potential cash to earn and they're usually nowhere near as excited . Lol 
This ... is ... Spartaaa ! 
.. No , this is Patrick . 
Listening to Dane Cook and his stand-up .... Lol 
Went outside to find a cat with it's head stuck in something . Poor thing looks like it's almost overheated . We brought it inside and it looks like he's getting better . 
At grandma s watching Judge Judy . 
I love Wondows Live Messenger now . Nice integration with Facebook . 
Dual monitor display for easier multitasking ? Heck yes ! 
Fact of the day : There is no universally accepted plural form for the word Platypus . 
Earlier , I thought I heard my mom watching Glee . Turns out she just turned on the garbage disposal .... =P 
Aye .... I feel like I hit a bump ... Still very unhappy about being unable to play a trumpet .... Helped me stave off boredom , and it's what I love to do . Strokes suck ... 
Watching " A Few Good Men " on AMC ... You can't handle the truth ! 
Lol ! Watching Whose Line is it Anyway .... 
Ace Ventura : When Nature Calls is on ABC Family . looks like it's almost over , though . 
Happy Independence Day !! * Tags all of my friends in this status update so that they all see it * Ok , not really , but if it were practical for me to do so , I would . 
CAPS LOCK IS CRUISE CONTROL FOR COOL . 
EVEN WITH CRUISE CONTROL , YOU STILL HAVE TO STEER . 
Got into a Political debate with a 13 year old for almost 2 hours . Not sure if I should be impressed by her ability to debate , or embarrassed because I debated with a 13 year old . Lol 
Good morning . 
Former First Lady Betty Ford passed away yesterday . 
Well , I hate the new Facebook chat interface . It doesn't show everyone who's online . So , until it's changed , I think I'll stick to Live Messenger . ( You can connect it to Facebook and use Facebook chat through it . ) 
Hmmm ...... Hello ? Is this the Krusty Krab ? No ! This is Patrick ! 
Holy copyright infringement , Batman ! 
Well , I have news for my friends in band : 
I'm considering quitting seeing as I'll be unable to play trumpet this year . Playing the Xylophone just isn't fun . 
Nature is beautiful .... 
And the best way to enjoy it is to buy Planet Earth on Blu-Ray . 
" OK , you two , grab some scalpels and settle this like doctors ! " 
-Hugh Laurie as Dr. House . 
High performance + gaming on a non-gaming laptop = a very hot computer . 
Good news : My cat managed to kill a field mouse that made it past the outdoor cats . Bad news : She brought it to me as a gift . -.- 
Watching Extreme Couponing .... These people go insane . >.> 
watching Monty Python and the Holy Grail . I love it !! lol 
Just looked at national weather .... How in the name of san hell is it 74 degrees F in Los Angeles , California ?! 
My plan to rule the world is unfolding perfectly .... Muhahahaha 
Just got off of the phone with Frontier tech support ... I love knowing exactly what they're gonna suggest I do next and have it done before they even say anything , but I need the tools they have available on their end when the connection goes down . 
Watching Piers Morgan on CNN ... Nancy Grace is on and I can't stand her ... Lol 
Just saw a commercial for a movie that might show Vampires some justice after the crap Twilight messed up ... Look up Fright Night . THAT is a vampire movie ! 
Watching the Blue Brothers on VH1 . One of my favorite movies . 
Toy Story 2 : My favorite out of all the Toy Stories 
JUST A REMINDER FOR THOSE WHO NEED IT : PERCUSSION AND FLAGS PRACTICE TONIGHT . 6:00 - 8:00 . 
First night of percussion practice went great . Small section this year . 
Hmmm .... Monty Python and the Holy Grail or Whose Line .... 
First night of full band practice went great . The band's looking good this year 
Spent 40 minutes or so in an MRI . Now I have to wait until 1:30 for my appointment with Dr. Cohen . 
Well , Doctor Cohen had to cancel on us to do some emergeny surgery . He should be in touch with us within the next few days . 
I think I've learned how to play at least 5 instruments since I started band .... 
Lets see ... 
1 ) Trumpet 
2 ) Tuba/Sousaphone ( And by extension , Baritone ) 
3 ) Piano 
4 ) Xylophone 
5 ) Crash Cymbals 
6 ) Auxiliary Percussion ( Which is the easiest group to learn . ) 
Attention all Band Geeks ! Band Camp starts first thing tomorrow morning , 8:00 A.M. sharp !! Be there !! 
Watching CNN . ( R-KY ) Senator Mitch Mcconnel said that Congress is very close to a debt ceiling deal . Hopefully they're able to get everything passed before Tuesday . 
And John Mccain is in a debate with a democratic member of the Senate .... Over what ? Economics , of course . 
Oh , and fun tip ! Apple has more money than our government has on hand ! Crazy , right ? 
Senate's about to vote on the Reid Proposal .... 
Update : The Senate can't get the 60 votes required to end the filibuster and end debate over the Reid Proposal to take a vote . Looks like the debates gonna continue for a little longer ... 
1 day , 8 hours , 50 minutes until the United States Treasury is forced to default on the National Debt . 
Found out today why people compare me to Sheldon from The Big Bang Theory . Lol 
Plan for the next 24-30ish hours : 
Dinner at grandma s tonight 
Head home 
Check what I ve missed on the internet in the past week . 
Hang out with a friend of mine . 
Well , S&P has downgraded the credit rating of the United States . We went from AAA to AA+ . he U.S. held the AAA rating since 1917 . 
Whatisthisspacebarofwhichyouspeak ? 
My favorite season of the year ? Fall . The weather's cool and I celebrate my birthday in that time of the year . Lol 
JCHS Band Geeks : The toughest musicians around . 
hm , I'm a tad sleepy ... Good night ! 
But Patrick , the only thing I've seen you clean is your plate . 
Well , crap . World stock prices are crashing hard ... I foresee some very bad times ahead unless politicians get their acts together . If they don't , I may just become a Canadian citizen . they have one of the strongest economies in the world right now . 
Dow slid by 600 points earlier today , followed by a steep recovery , and it has recovered ~ 240 points after that huge slide . Panic on Wall Street ... The trading is just an irrational reaction . 
Ten minutes until the closing bell on Wall Street . Dow Jones Industrial average is down over 600 points , now . 
And at the closing bell on Wall Street , the Dow is down 632 points , 5.52% . Craziness ... 
REMINDER ! Brass and Percussion practice TONIGHT at 18:00 ( 6:00 PM ) 
Ooh , I love waking up to the Dow bouncing back over 200 points . Perhaps the stock market isn't doomed . Also , the downgrading of the U.S. credit rating didn't affect the areas it should have . It should not have affected the stock market . 
Union rights : The only way workers can stand up to big business and keep it in check . 
Watching Doctor Who on BBC America . 
Well , I finally decided to go visit my dad for the weekend . Gonna try to make amends . 
Well , I decided to come home . 
I love my friends . :) 
FOX News : The biggest joke in Television news . 
List of things I did today : 
Hair cut 
Lunch at Subway 
Went to Grandma's 
See more 
That awkward moment when you realize Steve from blue's Clues hated his job .... 
Excited for tomorrow , and the game this Friday . The Panthers are gonna beat Batesville , and The JCHS Marching Band is gonna rock out . 
Not much homework today . Makes me happy . :) 
" No ! No ! Impossible ! It's all running about , sexy fish vampires , and blowing up stuff ! " 
I love Doctor Who . Lol 
I've noticed a lot of my friends are liking a book I read recently called " Shut-Up-I'm-Talking " 
How many of you actually knew it was a book and read it ? 
I have Chem 2 to finish up tonight , and Pre-calculus to start getting done . 
Done with Pre-calculus . 
I have this overwhelming urge to be a sarcastic smart allec ... I haven't fulfilled my daily quota in days . 
First rule of band : No whining . Very few exceptions . 
Watch the Panthers win against Batesville ( Good job , JC Football ! ) , played an awesome half time show , hung out with Olivia Mckinney for a bit , crashed cymbals with Kevin Columbus , and played a drum cadence with the drumline to celebrate . 
Overall , a FANTASTIC day ! 
Ran into Clark David Holwager at Staples today . 
Watching The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen on BBC America . 
Wish i had gotten my homework done yesterday instead of putting it off until 5:00 PM tonight .... Definitely not making that mistake next weekend . 
I THOUGHT WHAT WE HAD WAS SPECIAL !! - Patrick after Gary ate the cookie in Patrick's shorts and went back to Spongebob . 
Watching Piers Morgan and I think I found who I'm gonna vote for : Jon Huntsman . 
Good night everyone . If the Zombie apocalypse begins while I'm asleep , and I die , I want Roger Ray Hartwell to be there with a gun to shoot my reanimated corpse . 
Say you're Harry Potter . 
Go to your profile and look at your friends on the left side . 
1st two people- your loveable sidekicks : Kevin Columbus and Shawn Snyder 
3rd person- your Slytherin enemy : Josh Wade 
4th person- the Dark Lord : Jesse T . Ritchie 
5th person- a follower of the Dark Lord : Chelsie Sierp 
6th person- your white-bearded mentor : Dan-ee McFizzle 
8th person- a rockin ' Potions Master : Megan Sherrill 
Sanity : The only thing I've lost this year . 
I'm excited for the return of Doctor Who on Saturday ! I've been wanting to see new episodes all Summer ! 
Sometimes I just want to copy someone else's status word for word and if they notice . 
I think tweebs like Dan-ee McFizzle should learn to stop being so tweebish . 
Watching Doctor Who , and waiting for the new episode that comes on tonight at 9 ! 
Starting a fire in the pit in the back yard with Meghan Black , Tabby Arp , Brandon Black , Roger Ray Hartwell . 
When in doubt , think about it . If you're still in doubt , set it on fire and forget about it completely , because you have no idea what in the world you're doing . 
Blue Collar Comedy Tour Rides Again on Comedy central . Lol 
Donkey : Do ya wanna hold her ?! 
Shrek : Yes . 
Donkey : Please her ?! 
Donkey : Then ya go t-t a , go t-t a try to live happ-ill-ly ! The chicks love that romantic crap ! 
Watching George W . bush : The 9/11 Interview on The National Geographic Channel . 
Just heard The Lion Sleeps Tonight on Doctor Who . they were using it to cover up the screaming of Cybermen Victims . Lol 
Still practicing my tie tying . It's been way too long since I've last done anything with a neck tie ... 
Can tie a Windsor , half-Windsor , and 4-in-a-hand knots with his neck ties . :) 
Tyler Perry's Madea Goes to Jail . Lol 
I'm incredibly bored right now ... Lol 
New Doctor Who in less than 20 minutes ! :D 
Tonight's Doctor Who was really weird .... Lol . 
Ahh , now THIS is my kinda weather ! 
YOUR NURSING HOME FRIENDS : Use the first 6 people on the left side . No cheating !!! 
1 - Wheelchair-races you down the hallways - Matthew Rude 
2 - Has to change their diapers A LOT - Joe Rothert 
3 - Steals your food - Kevin Columbus 
4 - Vaselines your walker handle - Victoria Brooke Brewer 
5 - Steals your teeth - Shawn Snyder 
6 - Has the booze stash - Ashley Nicole Hillenburg 
Installing an older version of Ubuntu that works better than the newer one I had previously ... I hate the huge download sizes .... Lol 
Also , I've noticed that there are 5 people at the minimum on my friends list that I know , but I've never talked to ( If at all ) . I want to remedy that ! How can you be friends with someone you have never talked to ?! lol 
After Monday and Tuesday , even the calendar is like , " WTF " 
Ready for dress for success day on Monday . :P 
They call it PMS because Mad Cow disease was already taken . 
The IRS : They've got what it takes to take what you've got . 
You have two choices in life . You can stay single and be miserable , or get married and wish you were dead . 
Creativity may be great , but plagiarism is faster . 
A TV can insult your intelligence , but nothing rubs it in like a computer . 
Does this rag smell like chloroform to you ? 
Why do people in ship mutinies always ask for " better treatment " ? I'd ask for a pinball machine , because with all that rocking back and forth you'd probably be able to get a lot of free games . 
The last thing I want to do is hurt you , but it's still on the list . 
Women may not hit harder . But they do hit lower .... 
A bargain is something you don't need at a price you can't resist . 
If Bill Gates had a penny for every time I had to reboot my computer ... Oh wait , he does . 
The Miss Universe pageant is fixed . All the winners are from Earth . 
My wife ran off with my best friend last week . I miss him ! 
They say when a man holds a woman's hand before marriage , it is love , after marriage , it is self-defense . 
Hospitality : making your guests feel like they're at home , even if you wish they were . 
Honolulu - it's got everything . Sand for the children , sun for the wife , sharks for the wife's mother . 
America is a country where half the money is spent buying food , and the other half is spent trying to lose weight . 
Well , it's 11:30 , and I think I should go to bed .... 
Congratulations to Angela Black for ruining her computer beyond even my ability to fix ... She's managed to get a virus on hers that uninstalls antivirus software the second I start a scan . 
( Bumper Sticker ) 
Horn broken - Watch for finger . 
Emily Davis , 
Thank you for listening to my rambling about Doctor Who , and telling me your theories about the show's future events and rambling on about the show yourself . :P 
Nathaniel Black 
Any argument carried far enough will end up in semantics . 
We are Microsoft . Resistance Is Futile . You Will Be Assimilated . 
Keep the dream alive . Hit the snooze button . 
I saw six men kicking and punching the mother-in-law . My neighbour said ' Are you going to help ? ' I said ' No , six should be enough . ' 
Got to play a tuba for the first time in over a year . Hopefully I'll be ready to go by pep band season . :) 
Morons on wheel of fortune didn't solve the puzzle when it was blatantly obvious ....... 
_ _ _ _ N T E E R 
_ _ R E _ _ _ _ T E R 
Anyone want to solve ? 
A photon checks into a hotel and is asked if he needs help with his luggage . 
He replies , " No thanks , I'm traveling light . " 
Loving the Big Bang Theory . Lol 
Just got home . Gonna get ready for bed soon because tomorrow , it's off to IU for IU Band Day ! 
Kevin Columbus 
Wanna get down on Friday ? Which seat can i take ? XD 
Had fun at IU Band Day with The Marching Pride of Jennings County and the Indiana University Marching Hundred . ( Good to see Callie Pieratt and Johnathan Garrett again ! ) 
aut viam inveniam aut faciam . 
Latin for " I will either find a way or make one . " 
That's my new life motto . 
And thanks for all of the birthday wishes today . :) 
Gonna be watching Charlie Sheen get roasted on Comedy Central tomorrow night ! lol 
Well , it was a great day . Thanks again everyone for all of the Happy Birthday wishes ! 
Well , got my eyes checked and I need a * slightly * stronger prescription . My little sister also needs glasses . haha . 
New Two and a Half Men in less than 2 minutes . let's see how Ashton Kutcher does 
Charlie Sheen gets roasted on Comedy central in less than 10 minutes ! 
Anyone up for a move to Google + when it's out of Beta ? Facebook's starting to annoy me with all of the changes ... lol 
Hershey's Drops ? Oh ! You mean M&Ms without the candy shell ! 
New Doctor Who tonight at 9:00 , and then The Nerdist premiers at 10:00 . Gonna be a fun night . 
The Nerdist on BBC America ! 
No Shave November 
Best idea ever . can't wait until next month ! lol 
Jeff Dunham : Why are you excited , Jose ? 
Peanut : Probably because you're holding his stick ! 
To everyone who complains about the constant changes Facebook makes : If you're experienced in JavaScripting , you may want to consider the Greasemonkey add-on for Firefox . it lets you use JavaScript to customize how Facebook looks and behaves . 
I love it ! lol 
You're NEVER too old to learn something stupid . 
A Diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you'll be looking forward to the trip . 
So , Walter is about to tell Jeff that he got it right : Marriage is a trap ! lol 
Complex problems have simple , easy to understand , wrong answers . 
LACROSSE !!!!! BILLIARDS !!!!! 
Derrick Redlin 
Ahaha ! Monty Python and the Holy Grail is on !! 
Hi , my name is Nathan Black . I am 18 years old and I have a brain . I also know that repeated beatings will not cause brain tumors . Doctors say that copying and pasting posts is stupid , and that the Make a Wish Foundation does not check Facebook . For those of you who send this along , sorry , you didn't really help . For those of you who don't send it , congrats on not wasting your time . Have a Brain . Don't post this as your status . 
