Chicken or the egg ? 
Bite my ballbag 
Fire the missiles and man the forklifts ! We're goin to tesco ! 
has finally shaved off his moustach 
has finally lost it 
Duck my sick ! 
A wise old man once said if you can climb a tree and get the apple at the very top you can achive alot in life . So i went up , got it and came back down , walked a good 30 yards from where he was , turned back around and fucked the apple rite at him hitting him square in the nose knocking him clean out ! Then i realised ... My aim improved 
Moral of the story , stay away from peadophiles ! 
Your comin back down and you really dont mind 
EVERYONE LOOK UP " ELK " ON FACEBOOK NOW AND LISTEN TO THE RECORDED DEMO NOW ! THATS INSANE TALENT !! 
is back on bebo ! 
Session at mine 2nite ! Come out if you can get a lift ! B.Y.O.B 
smelled a gone off chicken and got sick 
Lick my love ladder fuckers ! 
Cook my sock or deel my fick ! Either way , jesus loves ya ! Haha 
Lifes best privilage is the best privilage to live . 
AFROMAN !! 
has the shakes this mornin 
You should come over to myspace and twitter my yahoo untill i google all over your facebook ! 
Finally found a bit in me press ! Safe ! :) 
Goin .... Goin ...... Gone ! 
says its all good in da hood cunty balls take a fuckin chiller bean before u eat ur dinner 
is unreal drunk like a fish in vodka 
Nickelback- Saturday nites alright . Fucking classic tune !! 
Its a new year and a time for new beginings , a time for new arrivals and a time for new life . Are you prepared for the 2nd year of this new decade ? Are you prepared for the last time you make the idiotic mistakes you made in 2010 ? Are you prepared for the 1st time in your life where you will look at yourself in the mirror and say , this is it , i am new ? 
My resolution is , i am new . 
What da fuck can ye do like !? 
LIVE LONG AND PROSPER FUCKERS !!! :P 
How do you hit a home run in a porn studio ? Bat for 3rd base 
needs his stomach pumped by the looks of it 
DIRTY FUCKING FLU !! 
So da weather eah ? :) 
Get down off me drumstick ya faggoty bat boy 
HALLOWE'EN!! 
Whats big , red , falls from a tree and can hurt u ? 

A fire truck :P 
PORN !! 
Heeeeeaaaaavvvvyy shhhhhiit maaann !! Duude ! Wait .. Whaaat ? 
Smokein a bong with a polish chap in tipex when this young ban gard walks up ! Ganje got took that was a sickener .. Gave her my number and details no boder all the same ! Should have let her toke off my blunt but she was on duty so theres that down the drain anyway ... On the bright side , she was sound . Handcuff me any day love ! Nice ! ;) 
has nothing to say 
Want to climb my gully gump tree and lick the cherry at the top ? Any offers ? 
says fuck this shit im startin the gym 
If Pluto is further away dan da rest and Murcury 
is closer dan da rest and we're not exactly in da middle , why are we 
green ? 
What do u call a fly with no wings ?...... A walk ! 
BEER :) 
Cook my sock and deel me fick ! 
is feelin like a freak due to lack of sleep and on facebook at 8 in the mornin like a freak , there for is a freak but couldnt give a wankers cramp about the outstanding fact against him . 
The group asking everyone to change their 
profile picture to their favourite cartoon character is actually a group 
of paedophiles . They doing it because kid's will accept their friend 
request faster if they see a cartoon picture . It has nothing to do with 
supporting child violence , it was on a T.V show that warns you about 
internet frauds plus tonight's news . Pass this on to everyone please 
Youvagu muvagust bevagee somagum borvagord cuvagunt tovagu bevagee trivaging tovagu travanslangavaskate thivagis shivigit !! Ivagi avagam borvagord shivagitless .. 
Say that fast with a mouth full of cornflackes and ya be on the right lines ! 
is boared boyond reality and it isnt funny ... 
wants to go on da beer tonight ! 
Get 
This Fully Right ! My Full Proper Name , My Age , Primary And Secondary 
School , My Birthday , My Best Friend , Eye Colour , Favourite Colour , If I 
Have Any Pets And Whats It's Name , My Favourite Drink , My Mum's Name . 
Put This As Your Status And See Who Knows You Best ! 
has a really bad hangover but it was a good nite to be flat out ! Happy birthday cora 
is sick of waffles and now wants chicken 
Im the juvanile product of the workin class whos best friend flots from the bottem of a glass 
Did you ever play them limited edition games where you only have one life and then the disc breaks when you die and breaks the whole consol ? Some shit game 
Sometimes you just have to squeeze ! And sometimes you just got to say please ! And sometimes you got to say hey ! Im gonna fuck you ! 
A person isnt made by what they want to achieve or how they achieve . A person is made by who they are and how they live from that through mistakes and life . Thus , people are not perfect through how they are judged for the way they walk , talk or how they go about their life . A set misinterperatation reflects ignorance . 
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha 
Say whats on your mind and good fortune will follow 
Playin whiskey in the jar with showtek before it and after everyone was to fucked to care what the tune was the session was lively as be fucked ! Some night ! Dont think anyone got sick but the hangovers defenetly made up for it . May do it again ! Dont miss the next one fuckers ! 
Screw you guys ! Am goin Hooome 
Holy shit lads i am FUCKIN TWISTED !! Says i , i wont im fine ! And thats the end of it\ ! 
would like a blowjob :) 
is not well this morning .. 
SIIIIIIIIIIICK !!!!! 
Heavy hitter blow up the shitter after the beer and fillin and livin like a villan just killin and speakin about streakin on the rooftops of the big stream 
Like this if you strongly believe marijuana should be legalized and made availible for consumption like alcohol and tobacco ! This realistic idea could kill the recession in months if done properly and make the country a happier and safer place if you think about statistics ! 
Jesus loves you but i still think your a cunt ;) 
Weekend was the best ! Mup out that ! :P 
wants a woman ! Any offers ? 
Like this if you strongly believe real marijuana should be legalized and made 
availible for consumption along with alcohol and tobacco ! This realistic idea 
could kill the recession in months if done properly and make the country 
a happier and safer place by saving prison spaces for real criminals like murderers . Would you put someone in prison for smoking a cigarette ? 
Sick as a fucker last nite and today dont look good either ! 
HASH BROWNIES !!!! 
How many miles per hour was the world waterspeed record 
Life is like a boxing championship . The ropes are stretched and your born in to the ring with the audience as your friends and enemies , the referee is your parants to stop and start you but your one and only opponent is you and you must work a stratagy to win that big title " Fight , act and love in full equal measures for there is no reward for only half . 
Life is like a pint . Its only ever full at the start but its up to you to keep it that way if your not thirsty . 
Call my monkey ! 
Why ? 
Just do it bitch ! 
ATTENTION !! 
Singer wanted for currently unnamed band . Let me know . 
AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!! 
If you must fight , fight without reservation . If you must act , act with determination , and if you must love , love unconditionally . For in this life there is no reward for half measures . 
Friday ...? 
Sometimes win , sometimes lose , sometimes king , sometimes fool but often high as a sign of life cause the shit i smoke is good to go ! 
JASON KENNEDY HAS A GIANT CRUSTY VAGINAL RASH ON HIS RIGHT EYEBROW !! 
12 hours hours on xbox live ! Who says i dont have a life ? Lol 
Hahahahaaa ahaha aaahahahaha ! 
wants to buy a monkey 
Fuckin flu like 
Go get fucked you ball juggeling thunder cunt 
I was lookin for some action but all i found was some cigarettes and alcohol ! 
is never drinkin on an empty stomach again . Sick out ! 
Deck the halls with blocks of pollen fa la la la la la la la a christmas tree is what youd want fa la la la la la la la smoke yourself soft , but an xbox fa la la fa la la la la la la stock the fridge out with munchies its christmas time so pass it round 
Come on you cunt ! 
Some drunk ! 
Lads does it really look like i give a flyin fuck what your sayin when i dont turn my head or answer you back when your in a fit of the funnies ? If you answered yes then you are in a delusion of your own importance and i dont care enough to care alot about it . But i will remember who said what and know the meanin of christmas so no pass and go fuck yourself . Merry christmas ! 
POOLSTAR are epic ! 
One would wonder if they have the stones to go public with it . It doesnt look likely :) 
I think its funny too so bite the end of my golf club 
???????! 
HAPPY PADDYS DAY ! 
Balck ops fuckin kicks ass ! 
Colonel gadafi is a transvestite and eats dog shit for lunch 
Fuckin facebook viruses false advertisment bollox when the wan has an arse like i dont even know but its not funny !! >:( 
I dare one of you 
Viruses ... 
When i grow up im goin to be a murderer :) 
WE ALL LIVE IN A YELLOW SBMARINE 
DRNK !! 
COME ON YOU CUNT !! 
Resonably sober after half a bottle of suddy . Somethings wrong i think 
Southern comfort :) 
POKE ! 
The person that understands me will be my best friend 
Thunderbirds are go 
WOOOOOHOOOOOOO friday soon cant waaait ! 
Absolute gorrila ninja kung fu ! 
Fuck it im smokin one or 7 
Friday !... no beer ! 
No Galahad tonight so Carlsberg it is . Up at 5 in the mornin , should be right laugh 
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFUCKED 
It happened again ! 
Bite my left tesicalular reigion and call me fucked cause you can go be fucked if you think your chewin 
DEPRESSION isnot a sign of weakness , it is a sign that you have been trying to bestrong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? Most people won't , but it's mental health week ...... and1 in 3 of us will suffer at some point in our lives . Show your support people , I copied and pasted , will you ? 
im so hard rite now any 1 wana help get it dwn 
is not well again but will be twice as bad tomorrow so party on fuckers ! Booshakamaka ! 
Running around in the bits at a 90degree angle tryin not to fall over 
In life your cheated , fucked over and left behind , what the fuck is the issue ? 
FFFFFFFFFUCK SAKE 
And in the words of a wise man , shut the fuck up and get over yourself . 
BUSH MONKEY 
Any good music to listen to that isnt all poppy shit ? 
??????????? 
MUP ! 
Its been a year and a half fuck off already . 
Holy shit man its a coke heads dream out there ! 
My idea of a perfect world is a strong dictator in each country with no other power exept one super government controlling them all so we dont have another outbreak of Stalin or Hitlir . Also , legalising marijuana in shops world wide for adult consumption as a personal choice , like religion . 
Yo mama so fat she sweats mayonase and the last time she sat up she rocked herself to sleep so i called up nasa and gave them coordinates for their satalites ! - college humor is funny as fuck ! 
Merry Christmas Lads Have Yourselves A Good One And Happy New Years 
Fuck it . 
