they call my addiction shredaholism 
hey ppl i'm in need of help , i'm going 2 learn a theme song 2 a song , which 1 do you ppl think i should do , i'm thinking bout the original power rangers song :) 
rockin ' my new guitar ! 
It's not easy being cheesy 
i've come up with a new way that people can lose in the UFC , technical douche-bagary , Roy Nelson will never win again ! :D 
I sit , in my desolate room , no lights , no music , Just anger 
writing new song , hopefully it'll be good 
Can't wait ' till it's warm enough 2 play paintball ! 
goin ' 2 be up all night , partying ' till i see da sunlight 
GOD DAMMNIT LOCHNESS MONSTER !!!! 
Sitting in the dark i can't forget . Even now i realize the time i'll never get . Another story of the bitter pills of fate , i can't go back again , i can't go back again . But you asked me to love you and i did , trading my emotions for a contract to commit , and when i got away i only got so far , the other me is dead , i hear his voice inside my head ! And we were never alive , and we won't be born again . 
LOUD OPINIONATED YELLING !!! 
Amo la lingua dei miei antenati 
Disconnected , apathetic , it's so pathetic to be this frantic ! 
bored as hell .... sundays suck 
don't you hate it when " friends " bail on you ? 
new amp is amazing , play it fer 4 hours already ! 
Don't be such a laydown Larry ! 
i'm going to need a easy button to get through this school year .... 
long and weary my road has been , i was lost in the cities , alone in the hills , no sorrow or pity , for leaving i feel , i am not your rolling wheels , i am the highway 
apparently i took 2 tests and 1 said i was a true pussy and 1 said i was a true badass ?????? wtf 
bored , sundays suck 
cut my hair short for her then she broke up with me , isn't that fucked up ? i loved my long hair even if no1 else did , now it's all gone ... 
bored , who wants 2 hang out ? 
you ever have 1 of those days where you just throw your arms up look into the sky and say , " really ? " 
your own unwillingness to change is the venom that will end up killing you . 
i think i fucked up my chances of getting back with her and i didn't even mean it 
what song should i learn next ? 
1 ) Six by All That Remains 
2 ) Scream by Avenged Sevenfold 
3 ) Scream Aim Fire by Bullet for My Valentine 
4 ) Waking the Demon by Bullet for My Valentine 
hung out wit Kristina Bothel , had alot of fun 
Top 5 most played songs on my personal itunes ... 
1 . In One Ear- Cage the Elephant-50 plays 
2 . Your Betrayal- Bullet for My Valentine-38 plays 
3 . Ain't no Rest for the Wicked- Cage the Elephant-38 plays 
4 . Six- All That Remains-33 plays 
5 . Back Against the Wall- Cage the Elephant-33 plays 
Almost time to reset the plays again 
don't you just hate it when you think you know some1 and they end up being a 2-faced asshole ? 
i love Kristina but idk how she feels anymore ... 
some ppl are so fucked up that they don't even understand what they're doing 2 ppl 
i watched you walk away , but still i hunger for you ! This is my curse ! 
wow , i officially hate the band The Darkness , that high pitched &%$ #er ! 
when is life supposed 2 get good ? 
been playing spheres of madness all day , left hand fingers hurt , right arm sore , worth it tho 
been playing Spheres of Madness all day , left hand fingers hurt so bad , right arm completely dead from speed of light strumming 
Brought to you by Koby brand condoms , the protection you want for the sex she doesn't 
NO SCHOOL ! 
have ya ever seen that movie She's Just Not That Into You ? 
just got out of the shower , i turned my ipod on , first song was Fireflies by Owl City , turned the hot water all the way on and just sat and cried until it was freezing cold , by the time i got out Mama I'm Coming Home by Ozzy was playing , i said some stupid things in my life but this probably takes the cake , and the best part is that no1 will read this and those who do won't care , it makes me laugh sometimes 
LEE WON ON AMERICAN IDOL !!!!! 
another prison system ... 
boredom is a snore which i cannot ingore for it is but a door 2 that which can be so much more 
great weekend :) 
learning how 2 scream sing , not the best at it yet but it'll come with time 
i'm your truth telling lies , i'm your reasoned alibies , i'm inside open your eyes ! I'm you ! SAD BUT TRUE !! 
horrible day , if ya care message me 
bored , need some1 to talk 2 , hit me up fool 
imma G.I. Joe ! 
Du Host 
the world is burning around us and no1 even notices it 
meine Haare wünschen würde wieder schneller wachsen ! 
Mein Leben ist wertlos 
I'll be back .... WITH TAXES !!! 
i'm your trust telling lies , i'm your reasoned alibies , i'm inside open your eyes ! I'm you ! SAD BUT TRUE !! 
mastered Spheres , next in line is the Legend of the Rent is Way Hardcore by Here Comes the Kraken 
Warum ist Liebe fickle , um die meisten Frauen ? 
twilight breaks along the horizon that is life , here is my stand , this is where it all starts 
R.I.P. Ronnie James Dio 
some people just make me wanna just go do something i'll regret 
She's my cherry pie 
Cool drink of water such a sweet surprise 
Taste so good make a grown man cry 
Sweet cherry pie , yeah 
SUGAR !!!! I'M NOT BETTER ALL THE TIME ! 
no school again 2day ! awesome 
... more than words is all you have to do to make it real ... 
I can ride my bike with no handlebars .... no handlebars .... no handlebars .... 
ever had a morning where you wake up and the only thing you want 2 do is go back 2 sleep ? hate them ... 
I wanna be a billionaire so freaking bad 
can you take me higher ? 
tired but can't sleep , can't stop thinking about someone :) 
destruction of all that was is eminant 
imma boredeo 
i just love when plans get cancelled ... 
Spurt of genius , need 2 talk it over with Rob and maybe a few others first tho 
They say that we ain't got thestyle , we ain't got the class , we ain't got the tunes that's gonna put us on the map , and i'm a phony in disguise tryin ' to make the radio , i'm an anti-social antichrist that sounds like so and so 
OH ... MY .... BAHGOD ! 
i don't wanna go back 2 school , getting Halo Reach edition Xbox 360 next month 
got my school schedule today , pretty happy with my classes , might try 2 switch it up some tho 
paintball saturday , can't wait 
they think they know my thoughts but they don't know the least , if they listened to my words they'd find the message that's beneath but it goes in one ear and right out the other 
i can ride my bike with no handlebars , no handlebars , no handlebars ... 
car show = fun 
' g 
Things happen but we don't really know why ... 
why did they call it chop suey ? 
Hey yo Sunneo imma knock yo block off ! 
You want it all but you can't have it 
possible ligament damage 
no school 2marra already ! 
listening 2 a live version of Gotten sung by Adam Levine and played by Slash , anyone know who it's actually by ? 
surgery today sucked , but i had a pretty good conversation with the doctor while he was cutting my mouth up 
go to account , then account settings , then language , then find English ( Pirate ) . it's awesome ! 
i'm the Rhymenocerus ! 
turtle pie is amazing ! 
Tosh . 0 was pretty funny last night , new segment might get them cancelled tho ... lol 
what kind of guitar should i get now ? 
Jump start needs to have some metal on it ... 
any1 that plays paintball message me , comment this , or like this 
any1 have jango ? :D 
Tropic Thunder may be the best movie ever when it comes 2 funny sayings 
cut ALL my hair off basically 
Sick of it by Evans Blue , great song 4 right now 
best part of living by the lake is deffinately getting cancelled for flooding 
finally fixed computer 
so i got my new laptop ! 
Is that you John Wanye ? 
... Is this me ? 
like a boss ! 
Wake you up in the middle of the night to say , i will never walk away again , I'm never gonna leave this bed ... good song 
can't wait until May ! 
weekend was kinda crappy 
