Tarja Turunen is infinitely better than you . I'm sorry , but just deal with it . 
Whos been to Wizarding World of Harry Potter ? Whos tried Every-Flavoured Beans and Butterbeer ? Whos been to The Three Broomsticks ? Whos seen the Mirror of Erised , Mandrakes , Aragog and Dementors up close ? Whos been inside Defence Against Dark Arts class and Dumbledore's Office ? WHO OWNS HERMIONE GRANGERS WAND ? 
OHJ THATS RIGHT ! MEEEEEE 
Damn all this homework ... Oh wait , I don't have any cause I'm not at academy anymore ! HAH ! 
Oofter I feel really light headed for no reason :| 
I . Am . So . Fricking . Bored . 
Note : I will always spare someone who saved my life sometime in the past . This is only reasonable as it encourages others to do so . 
According to my browser , Twitter doesn't exist . NOT COOL , FIREFOX , NOT COOL 
Lady 
Gaga can not compare to Liza Minelli , not even slightly . Liza is an 
icon , a legend . As much as I'm a Gaga fan , anyone who says she is 
better is a liar and has no taste 
Whoever decided college students still get homework is gonna get his head synergised with a butcher knife !!! 
Just have to wait till Friday to get on that big plane back home <3 
I just had a dream where almost everyone had died and it made me sooo sad =[ 
EVERYONE GETS A FREE HUG FOR BEING ALIVE 
* hugs * 
I'm bored , there's never anything to do ¬¬ 
I feel like singing to someone . If only there was someone here to sing to XD 
Right , I believe it's time for some Phoenix Wright . 
C'est très difficile et assez gênant de comprendre les gens qui écrivent leur statut dans une langue étrangère 
If I could be in any musical , I'd be in The Wizard of Oz . But I'd be on the Wicked Witch's side 
I miss being cold . I genuinely , genuinely do . 
OMG the Vodafone advert always makes me cry <3 
.... I can't believe I just got pwned by a ZUBAT >__< 
Russell Howard makes me insane with glee <3 
( 8 ) The thingamibob that does the job is bibbidy-bobbidy-boo ( 8 ) 
Is pithy a word ? Also if it is does anyone except me use it now ? I feel so 17th century :/ 
Is it bad that I care that my parents will be annoyed if i fail , but not about the actual exam ? 
Apple muller rices , you deserve my love <3 
Nomnomnom 
Why is it that anytime I dress formally , I look like a character from Vampire Knight |= [ 
Shouldn't be allowed to dance about my room . Properly out of breath , overheated and exhausted . 
My name in kanji translates to mean either " Flow reason " or " Absent hometown " . I AM DESTINED TO BE A GENUIS THAT TRAVELS THE WORLD <3 
Rebecca Glen : Better than dicks 
I'm not sure it's safe having me in control of a vehicle with the potential to go 100mph and kill people . After all , this is ME we're talking about . 
I may have spent most of today watching David Tennant-era Dr Who episodes , what of it ? 
Jay Coleman is the worlds first wizard ninja . That is all 
It's just you and me against the world ... 
* puts 
on helmet " 
We attack at dawn !! 
" That's right , " said Luna encouragingly , as if they were back in the Room of Requirement and this was simply spell practice for the D.A. , " That's right , Harry ... come on think of something happy ... " 
“Something happy ? " he said , his voice cracked . 

" We're all still here , " she whispered , " we’re still fighting . Come on , now .... " 
SOMETIMES HOPE IS ALL YOU NEED TO KEEP ON LIVING 
LUNA LOVEGOOD <3 
" If you don't believe in same-sex marriage , then don't marry someone of the same sex " - Wanda Sykes speaks the TRUTH !! 
Yum ... Soup . 
why do i never believe people when they tell me things :/ 
( 8 ) Oh electric fan , so generally electric ... <3 
If I died and could be remembered as anything , It'd be as the third gay manatee to be elected president of Azerbaijan 
I think my brain just died . 
Sometimes it's nice to listen to a stupid happy dancey song for the fun of it =] 
I just lost the game 
My memory's terrible tonight , I must be menopausal ... 
I feel ill and unloved =[ 
If a guy stays up 3 extra hours to talk to you is that a good sign ? 
A HUMAN IS A HUMAN IS A HUMAN . IF YOU'RE SEXIST , RACIST , HOMOPHOBIC , TRANSPHOBIC OR WHATEVER THEN GET THE HELL OFF MY FRIENDS LIST . YOU'RE NOT WELCOME HERE . 
Ruari Andrew+Jay Coleman+Amy Primrose = TEAM HOGWARTS 
" If you don't believe in same sex marriage , then don't marry somebody of the same sex ! " - Wanda Sykes 
Ron Weasley is an arse . For this reason I find it impossible to side with him on any occasion . 
There is only one bad thing about a PS3 having a wireless controller : LOSING IT 
( 8 ) When the working day is done , oh " Girls " , they wanna have fun ... ( 8 ) 
just lost the game . And now . So have you . 
Dolores Umbridge is worse than mosquitos 
Please note : Next time you see me you'll barely recognise me (: 
bingle bongle dingle dangle yickidy do yickidy da ping pong lippy tappy too taa 
So ... 300-500 words on the publishing industry .... If only I had some of Emma Robertson ' s chicken soap 
When I grow up , I want to evolve into StephenFry 
Do fifth years go back to school on the 7th ?? 
Modern Studies tomorrow . Started studying for it yesterday . Let's see how it turns out . 
Okay , I'll admit it . I love Farmville ... 
THERE SHOULDN'T BE THIS MANY SPIDERS INA TOMB RAIDER GAME GODS DAMNIT 
Why are all the hot guys famous ... 
I need to re-read Harry Potter 7 . Just to figure which is the saddest death in it 
Haylie McCall just doesn't get it . She just doesn't 
I like baked potatoes 
EDWARD CULLEN EATS MOUNTAIN LIONS AND ALSO LISTENS TO LINKIN PARK D:< 
Everytime an pro-England world cup ad comes on , each Scottish person should be allowed to punch David Cameron in the face 
There is literally nothing worth watching on TV . =[ 
To everyone on MSN : No , I didnt come online then block you quickly , my msn signed me in randomly . I'd come back online , but I'm busy writing XD 
I don't know why I watch Sex and The City , but I do . And it's good 
So far the only person I like on Big Brother is Shabby ... 
I dont like healthy food . Healthy food sucks ass . 
Since it's the last one ever , think I'll watch Big Brother this year 
You now what , I don't care anymore . if people annoy me or irritate me or even the opposite I'm just gonna come out and say it . No more secrets . 
Nobody seems to be in a good mood , what's up with that ? 
Why is it that every time you try to show a friend a really hot pguy , it's always the least attractive pic that comes up first on google ... 
* Team Hogwarts * 
I STILL miss Gordon Brown ... 
Emilie Autumn genuinely makes my faith in humanity return 
THIS geisha is away to take off her kimono , wipe off her makeup and lay her head down on that wooden neckrest called a pillow , Bon nuit mes copains , bon nuit 
BOOYAH ! PASSED MY THEORY TEST ! Brilliant (: 
I properly love Advanced English , if only because of the teacher 
Some people piss me off and should not be allowed to come near me . Almost all of you don't count , don't worry =] 
I'm bored , feel like having a nice chat with someone , but I have no idea what to chat about . Also it's FAR TOO WARM XD 
Here lies Ruari Andrew : The male Liza Minnelli . 
Oops ... Oh dear :| XD 
Pro-life ? Pro-Life ??? Pro WHOSE life ???????? 
Shooting Stars are one of those things that remind me just how magical being a pagan is <3 
ahhh it feels good only being in first 2 periods <3 
Marco Hietala singing Bad Romance ... I'm so confused ... 
Who 
knows me best ? Full name , age , eye colour , favorite colour , best friend 
and crush . Copy this to your status and see who knows you best :-) . 
As much as I like the Simpsons , I don't think I could eat a whole one ... 
The faeries are real ... and they want you to pay for their milkshakes 
I am not a pirate , I am a pirate's wench . 
I've lost a card ... Where is it ? 
Ruari is sleepy now , need to get up in about 5 hours to go hand in my leavers form . Yay me . 
" Math . I had a hard time with math , but was never given any extra help . Why ? My vagina . " 
fruit salad , yummy yummy . fruit salad , yummy yummy . 
I love blowing bubbles <3 
People are boring . I require entertainment damnit ! 
I overdosed on Vitamin C and now I feel really weird ... 
RIP Ronnie James Dio <3 
Any crafty person want to make me a pomander fir my bday in 2 months ? 
Have a look at my pics , and comment s'il vous plait =] 
Also my msn keeps spazm-ing and so does the stupid chat thing on here 
YAY ! My Eevee just evolved into Espeon ! :D 
If you don't know who Tarja Turunen is , you're not worthy of knowing . 
I think that I should be allowed to open Scotland's first okiya ( geisha house ) and me & my friends should be allowed to be geisha 
Guess who's got their theory test tomorrow ? That's right , me . 
Any tips ? I could use some help XD 
6th years is currently turning out to definitely not be what it's cracked up to be >=[ 
Half the fun of video games is throwing the character of the roof , admit it 
Never . Insult . Minerva McGonagall . In front of me . 
( 8 ) Are you suffering ? 
Leviticus 27:6 
Monetary values are assigned to lives according to age and gender . Lives under one month old have no value . 
MAJORITY OF CONSERVATIVE PRO-LIFERS ARGUMENTS OUT THE DOOR RIGHT THERE (: 
Properly good day today . Exhausted though - too much walking !! XD 
People are so happy about the repealing of DADT , but there are approx . 75 countries where homosexuality is either partially or wholly illegal . Instead of enjoying little victories , look ahead to the next move ! 
Minä olen laiha . Sinä olet lihava . Aren't I just getting bloody great at Finnish ... 
Anyone willing to go see Lacuna Coil with me ? September 30th at King Tuts . I wanna go !! 
I'm very very bored . Absolutely nothing to do ¬¬ 
I know I'm middle class in just about every sense of the term , but I do give homeless people money . I give my friends money . Hell , I give just about anyone money . It makes me feel happy :) 
Run by Snow Patrol always makes me cry . But then again just about anything makes me cry .... 
Never thought i'd say this but I AM SICK OF CLASSICAL MUSIC 
" Professor Oak , why aren't you wearing any pants ? " " I don't know Ash . anyway ... " 
Anyone else wanna work for me as a Geisha ? 
Haylie + me are having fun , getting dressed in our kimono for our teahouse visits tonight ;) 
TO EVERYONE WITH MIBBA : Read the latest chapter of my story ( and for those of you who have COMMENT ! YOU ALWAYS DO AND YET YOU DIDN'T! GRR ! ) 
" I thought Bieber was female " Daniel Radcliffe 
This makes me happy :') 
Bang . I just killed you . Good for you =D 
Oh electric fan , so generally electric .. 
I miss mein friends =[ 
Ahh , America's Next Top Model : The fashion world's cure to boredom 
6th years is STILL turning out to 
definitely not be what it's cracked up to be >=[ 
In retrospect I wish I'd spent more time on that note last night . 
I'm only in first period tomorrow ( or any Thursday ) , barely see the point in going in at all 
Okay , my okiya ( geisha house ) has three confirmed geisha now living and working ( not counting myself ) . Anyone else wanna join ? 
If you've ever wondered : my favourite song ever is Shallot by Emilie Autumn 
Haven't started studying for sociology , don't really plan to . Two words : FUCK IT 
Heylie is annoyed that I can't recognise Pokémon by their cries 
Dear SQA : I don't care anymore , I just don't . Bugger your sociology exam 
OMG THE NEW POKÉMON GAMES HAVE TRIPLE BATTLES ! tHAT'S HALF YOUR TEAM ON THE FIELD AT THE SAME TIME ! 
Note to self : Never EVER take sociology again 
There's no such thing as privilege really . Male privilege , white privilege , straight privilege , it's all completely subjective . I have both male and white privilege , but my sexuality more than often cancels both out . But not every straight , white male is on top of the world . 
" Ruari , what's your excuse for failing sociology ??!! " " ... I did it for the lulz . " 
Attractive person of the day : Matthew Morrison <3 
:O Anne Frank died on the same day I was born !! ( Not same year , just same day , but still ... ) 
Is it bad that I just cried watching Chandler and Monica get married for like the quadrillionth time ? 
I wish I had Derren Brown's mind . He is the single most perceptive and intelligent person ever to exist 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHH BEING HUMAN !! Let the blood lust begin (: 
... I just saw someone with the name Stockholm Pinball ... WTF ?????? 
Attractive person of the day : Brandon Flowers . Damn you Jay for owning him ... 
You know those extra special dreams you have that involve your friends and a really special person that make you properly sad when you wake up ? Yeah ... 
WHY THE FUCK IS A HOMOPHOBE BEING ALLOWED TO PREACH HIS HATRED IN A SCHOOL ? AN EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION WHICH IS MEANT TO INSIST ON EQUALITY ?!?! 
Stuff annoys me . People annoy me . Situations annoy me . Almost everything has the potential to annoy me . Grr ... I'm annoyed 
hates being in the middle of a massive cave when he runs out of repels . ZUBAT ATTAAACK !!! 
I currently have 136 CDs , what about you ? 
WHY WON'T H O-O H JUST ACCEPT ITS FATE AND STAY INSIDE THE BALL 
FIRE DRILLS SHOULD NOT BE PERFORMED IN THE RAIN 
Damn , I forgot how much I love walking in the rain <3 
" But ... Why is the Pope in our comic strip ? " " You know , does everything have to make sense to you ? " 
I always cry at weddings , even fictional ones <3 
I've absolutely no idea why but I just posted alot of comments telling people exactly what I think about them . Gods I'm in a weird mood :| 
YES !!!! 
YES !!! Conditional offer from Strathclyde to do English and Journalism & Creative Writing :D :D :D 
Yes , I scare myself too ... 
There are so many people I haven't seen in ages that I need to make a priority ... 
And I'm not just talking about the fact it's been more than an hour since I spoke to Jay Coleman 
The US seems to think that Iceland , Sweden and the rest of the world are part of their united states rather than countries of their own ... 
If anyone is able to order stuff online I will genuinely pay you for these , not even joking I will if you get them for me : 
http://www.cybercandy.co.uk/aaasmt/index.php/url_pmet3/xlc_201/xdbc_107/dbtc_9/pic_1/add_44112/stc_1/scope_short#201 
I just found out why a raven is like a writing desk . My life is now complete . 
The Capitalist first reason : I am because YOU are WEAK ¬¬ 
* Is a little Marxist * 
Absolutely everyone is required to look at the photos I just uploaded . Especially since ( apart from the one's I'm in ) I took them . 
Tara Gillesbie can spell Beautiful correctly , but not The ? 
( 8 ) lalalala ( 8 ) 
The Devil Wears Prada is brilliant . It's like fashion pornography ( if that even makes sense XD ) 
Wish I had a decent book to read , I'm so bored XD 
NO MORE ARDROSSAN ACADEMY ^^ 
The difference between Slytherins and Ravenclaws : Slytherins read so as to know how to gain power , Ravenclaws gain power as a means to acquire more books . 
Fuck intelligence , I'll just be happy instead . Maybe I'll write a rom-com novel ... 
Got some BRILLIANT Norwegian flag sunglasses today an Epcot =D 
Ever so slightly too warm though ... 
" You're a parasite on the universe , and parasites mustbe destroyed . That's why we've adopted this parasite as our mascot " XD 
For a split second I genuinely thought I had a tail . Weird :S 
Oofter I'm FREEZING >_< 
Please , please , please let Berluscone resign ... 
With everyone complaining about prelims and crap , I'm /sooo/ glad I'm not at school anymore XD 
Yeah ................. People suck . 
And yes , re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-reading the series atm ; 
You know when you forget what a word means and think it means something completely unrelated ? Well I just though ' top-hat ' meant broomstick 
Snow ??? Seriously ?? 
I think I've changed quite alot since this time last year . I've not got any proof for this but I do and I like it =] 
Aww damn , I'd forgotten Valentines day exists ... 
FINALLY FINISHED THE STUFF FOR VIDEO PRODUCTION . 46 shots , 4 pages of script , 12 pages of storyboarding and a 1.5 page long shot list . Of I fail this outcome I'll shoot myself in the face . 
Went to see KT Tunstall tonight . Was rather good actually . 
I would like to point out that my ghost will be both angry and vengeful AND retain all my spellcasting powers . 
I just dreamt I was Jake Gyllenhaal as Prince of Persia in an Assassin's Creed location trying to save Karen Gillan :S 
WHAT CAN THAT POSSIBLY MEAN ?? 
Here's an idea people : TRY MAKING SENSE . Seriously >=[ 
Sometimes an averted glance is enough to set hearts and minds aflutter ... 
Happy Let's-Take-A-Pagan-Holiday-And-Dress-It-Up-Like-Jesus Day everyone ! 
Well .... College is productive today clealy 
( 8 ) My faith in this world is a bottle of nothing . Still I fly , still I fall ... ( 8 ) 
Blech ... teenage vampires .. 
Think I just blew my vocal chords singing to Evanescence ... 
Ann Coulter DISGUSTS me . I'm not even exaggerating , she properly DISGUSTS me . 
http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Ann_Coulter - just read some and you'll understand 
now the feeling you get when you do something , look back at it and it's not nearly as good as you thought it was ... 
You know those times when you put yourself out there , and you really really hope it goes right . Well let's hope it goes right ... 
Team Remus FTW 
WHERE'S COREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEN ????? 
Bella Swan is maniacally creepy 
IT IS POSSIBLE TO BE IN A BAD MOOD FOR LITTLE OR NO REASON . My advice ? Stop asking me what's wrong and leave me the fuck alone . 
No seriously guys , please don't let Professor Umbridge near the thesaurus anymore 
Look at me being all healthy eating chickpeas ... 
DEATHLY HALLOWS PART 1 FOR THE ABSOLUTE WIN 
Dear whoever makes up my timetable , 
I don't appreciate having to get up tomorrow morning . Especially since I am only in until 12 . Please note that if I did not have an important report to hand in I would not be in attendance . 
Yours , 
Ruari P Andrew . 
Someone just asked me what " forth " means . All faith in the British education system completely lost . 
WTF SLITHEEN = FEAR =| =| 
I /hate/ it ( see : love it ) when you're playing a game , decided " now's time for bed , must stop " and at that moment find a BRILLIANT NEW COOL FEATURE YOU HAVE TO TRY . 
Don't worry , you're just as sane as I am =] 
Around 13 hours before I head out to the airport on my way to Florida & Wizarding World of Harry Potter ^___^ 
( 8 ) Against the cold of the western wind , against the demons of the night . Let us Drink another drink as we stand here at the brink ( 8 ) 
My mum didn't get the promotion . And I've lost all faith in anyone with authority within the NHS . The whole god-damned system is so corrupt ! 
Properly bizarre not having long hair any more . It's like what I imagine losing a limb feels like XD 
What kind of idiootti arranges a driving lesson at this time ? 
Oh that's right , ME ! 
Jake and Taylor have split up after 2 months . I don't wanna be mean to Taylor or anything but HE'S MINE BIATCH 
Japanese is not a sexy language . Italian is sexy , Russian is sexy , Finnish is sexy . Japanese , ce n'est pas sexy ! 
So ... A third attempt at getting into Tumblr . 
I GIVE UP !!! FOR THE SECOND TIME I TRIED TO READ TWILIGHT , TO SEE IF I CAN FINALLY UNDERSTAND THE HYPE . BUT NO !! I got to Chapter 13 and I'm DONE . NO MORE WHINING , NO MORE ARGUMENTS , AND NO MORE GODS DAMNED DAZZLING !!!!!!! 
Exodus 21:22 -23 
If an attack on a woman causes a miscarriage the attacker must pay a fine . If he causes serious damage to the mother it’s “an eye for an eye , a tooth for a tooth” . 
This indicates that a fetus does not have equal standing under God’s law . 
So .... Who missed me ? (: 
Nobody ? Oh , alright then ... 
Typical , the annual budget for Scotland from the Govt . is being cut by 7.1% >=[ 
WE KNEW THIS WOULD HAPPEN WHEN THE TORIES GOT IN 
Silly people ... 
GUESS WHO JUST INTERVIEWED KATY CLARK 
Oh yeah , that's right , ME =D 
People are just so confusing . Why can't they just be straightforward about things ? 
YOU ARE REQUIRED TO LOOK AT AND COMMENT MY NEW PICS . i FEED ON YOUR COMMENTS . And you blood .... 
Since when do I like black metal ?? 
Like my status and I'll tell you : 1 ) Something I've learned about you from looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 ) The colour you remind me of . 3 ) My first memory of you . 4 ) The animal you remind me of . 5 ) Ask somethingI've always wondered about you . 6 ) My favorite thing about you . 7 ) Challenge you to repost this . 
Now officially in love with Simon Pegg . Burke & Hare is a brilliant movie . Of course I'd fall for him when he plays a serial killer , typical me ... 
I know I'm like , constantly on here during college . But we work bloody hard doing college work !! Well , we work hard at it at home .... 
Julia Murden is a brilliant woman and I'll have no more negative things said about her . Or her tights . 
Why is it that parents are physically incapable of believing what their children say ? 
You know that feeling when you find out you can't do something you thought you were quite talented at ? Yeah ... 
It's pretty obvious that we do a ridiculous amount of work at college , isn't it ? 
Nom nom black pudding <3 
Does anyone know a way to get rid of mouth ulcers that isn't really sore ? 
='( 
I am pretty much just sitting in the classroom spinning round in my chair , what of it ? 
I SHOULD NOT BE LEFT ALONE WITH ANYTHING WITH SUGAR IN IT . ESPECIALLY NOT THIS MANY SUGARY THINGS !!!!!!!!!! 
( 8 ) And we hide from the PLUMS on a night reconnaisance ( 8 ) 
As crap as our politicians tend to be , at least they don't deliberately block what's good for the country just to make their party look good ... 
I'm looking at you Democrats and Republicans , and I disapprove >=[ 
Nigella Lawson is 50 years old . How bad does that make you feel about how you look ? Pretty bad ... 
So I just did one of those things where you find out which celebrities you look like . Out of 10 results , 7 of them were JAPANESE WOMEN 
Not even exaggerating . =S 
I understand that Edward is a vampire and doesn't want to go and kill Bella ( wouldn't that just be a shame ... ) but why does he treat her like she has leprosy ? 
you're the one who .... like this & i shall finish (: 
Does anyone have 900 or so words they'd be willing to lend me for a report ? =/ 
Not . Impressed . 
It's become something of a tradition for me not to sleep between Sunday evening and Monday morning when college rears its ugly head 
Once again , college is abuzz with activity .... 
I'm an awful one for texting people at ungodly hours >=] 
HELLYEAH !!! CONDITIONAL FOR GLASGOW !!!! 
Must . Stop . Reading . Slash . 
HOW CAN THERE BE TETRIS FANFIC ??? 
WTF ... dreaming I was Luna Lovegood fighting on some warfield against fiery demons :S 
( 8 ) Finland , Finland , Finland , that's the country for me ( 8 ) 
ANYONE WILLING TO GO SEE A FINNISH-LANGUAGE FILM WITH ME ON TUESDAY IN GLASGOW ?? I'm kinda desperate to go ... 
Enya helps . Enya always helps . Enya and a cup of tea . 
Song of the day : If It Means A Lot To You by A Day To Remember 
I really want to write something , but I've got no ideas :/ 
I'm using this time to do something productive : I am , for the first time in forever , cleaning out my e-mail inbox 
lo ? ds of friends on f ? cebook but when you need them , how m ? ny will ? cc be there for you ... click like if you'll be there for me , put this ? s your st ? tus and see who will be there for you ! :') 
Barefoot on the moon ! 
Dear new MSN , 
You are hated far and wide . If you don't change back we shall all become hermits with even fewer friends than we have now . Perhaps we'll become so lonely we'll commit suicide . Do you really want that on your conscience ? 
Sincerely , 
Everyone . 
The King's Speech wins Best Film and Colin Firth best actor . Am I pleased ? Oh yes (: 
I currently own 137 CDs , what about you ? 
For the 3rd time in my life I'm going to try and read Twilight . As much as it fills me with disgust and rage I AM DETERMINED TO FINISH IT . 
I have never not been able to finish a book , and I /will/ end this one . 
Got an interview with UWS :D 
ABOUT BLOODY TIME THEY GOT BACK TO ME . 
People who push their religion on others irritate the living hell out of me . I don't force you to take part in a moot , don't push your church crap on me ... 
Dear weather , 
I will gladly give you my first-born child if you continue your snowing antics . 
Thanks , Ruari 
Yeah ... certain people are ever so slightly pathetic/crap . 
the Stephenie Meyer character emotional repertoire scale : 
Sincere ==> Serious ==> Possibly Mad ==> Definitely Mad ==> * Dazzled * x_x ==> Bored ==> Happy ==> Asleep ==> Pregnant 
YES I KNOW I'M OBSESSIVE , POSSESSIVE AND MORE THAN A LITTLE CREEPY . THANK YOU FOR REMINDING ME . 
" Hey , I found these free swords . They were in my spleen . " 
Officer Jenny = love <3 
Nom nom steak (: 
Emilie Autumn knows my heart <3 
( 8 ) Find me a man who will die for me , find me a time that is past . Find me an ocean without a sea and I will find love at last ( 8 ) 
Nobody /wants/ to eat that 8th box of chocolates , but someone has to ! 
I may just be sitting at home eating icing ... 
DAMN YOU MEYER ! CONSTANT COMPLAINING IS NOT A FORM OF CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT !! 
JK ROWLING NEVER GIVES UP THAT HOLD ON YOUR HEART . 
We were all doomed from that first page of Philosopher's Stone ... 
-RIP SIRIUS BLACK </3 - 
( 8 ) You're gonna get coal in your stocking ' cos you're yuppie scummmmmm ( 8 ) 
Got a conditional from UWS . TBH after having to go for an interview there before being accepted after an immediate offer from Glasgow is a tad underwhelming ... 
You and I wake up to a Zombie Apocolypse . Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : if you comment , you have to copy and paste this in your status so I can post on yours . 
Daniel Radcliffe has the same cardigan as me . Nice . 
Here's to the toaster : long may it warm our hearts and our bread 
So ... I'm now 18 . Awesome . 
I like how I'm turning 18 by getting my 2nd badge on Pokémon White . Says so much about me . 
I FRICKING HATE DRIVING !!!! 
( 8 ) Hey bitch , don't quit . You're almost dead . Don't give up now , make friends instead </3 ( 8 ) 
Sitting watching Shakespeare in Love with a box of Celebrations to myself . Life is good <3 
Is it just me or is it more than a little suspicious that the founder of Wikileaks /just happened/ to have these charges brough against him ? 
These governments who think they can just go along hiding the truth , they disgust me ... 
Stegosaurus : " Oh , so you're sneaking up behind me to eat my delicious body ? WHAM ! Spikes ! For you ! In your head ! " 
Maybe I should give up on my potential journalistic integrity , give in to my base instincts and become a fashion writer for Vogue . 
Why do scientifically oriented seem to think that you're only intelligent if you're also scientifically oriented ? So linguistic skills count for nothing and creativity's a joke ? 
I reeeeeally want to go see Scottish National Opera's Orlando in February :'( 
Nadia Blankstalk . She pwns you . 
DR WHO XMAS SPECIAL ^^ 
And Mitchell wins the award for Worst Interview Ever . 
" Kings don't hurt babies , giant pointy swords hurt babies ! " 
Somewhere over the rainbow , there's a land where no LGBT youth has considered ending their own life ... 
You know you're too tired when you start to get vertigo from a /video game/ 
" I see someone is trying to roll to safety ... " 
Pokémon-X <3 
Soooo why is Sweet Transvestite unacceptable as it is , but Creature of The Night is ? Also why exactly edit out the word Transexual ? * Transphobic much * 
Oh look , another reason to hate Dire Straits . 
So ... not sleeping is fun 
Cake . It's so good , I can't stop ... 
There's only one difference between straight people and gay people . If you think there are any more you don't understand the terms heterosexual and homosexual =/ 
I don't really feel like a Ravenclaw today ... 
( 8 ) Just put your paws up , cause you were born this way baby ... ( 8 ) 
