First Ed McMahon , then Farrah Fawcett and Michael Jackson , and now Billy Mays ?! Rest in peace all of you and God bless ! 
wonders why Brett Favre won't stay the heck retired . Go Green Bay ! Kick his butt ! 
First day of classes ! 
Is at Potsdam now ... misses home :( but is going to see comedian tonight and classes start monday so I won't have time to be homesick :) 
Vick signed a 2 year deal with the Eagles ! NOOOOOOOOOOOO ! * cries * 
R.I.P. Mr. Swayze :( 
is sad that Potsdam has classes on Labor Day ! Last year we didn't ! Make up your mind people ! 
Back from my first ever field school ! 
must ... stop ... doing ... dumb ... crap ... on ... computer ... and ... do ... fricking ... homework ! Darn me and my procrastinating ways ! :( 
Am about to jump in the pool with my clothes on ! Its cold and rainy and I can't wait ! It is a tradition my family has had for the past 10 years now , we all jump into the pool with normal clothes the night before the first day of school ( or the day before heading off to college as the case may be ! ) See you all soon ! Have a great semester everyone ! 
Yay ! Got my book done ! Now I've only got a 5-7 page paper to write on it for tomorrow ... 
Johnny Depp has been named People's " Sexiest Man Alive " * rolls eyes * yeah , THAT'S original :/ 
Planning on graduating in 2 semesters and still doesn't know what to do with her life :( 
Go Statesmen ! Beat WPI ! 
SHANNON IS BEING A MANIPULATIVE BASTARD !!!!!!!!!! :( 
Go Green Bay ! Beat Favre !!! 
slept for 12 hours ... 3:50 p.m. to 3:50 a . m .... my sleeping pattern is going to be so screwed up now ... * cries * ... still feel like crap :( 
YAY EAGLES ! KEEP IT UP BOYS !!! THIS IS OUR YEAR !!!!! :D 
tired ... 
Waiting up for the shooting stars tonight ! Yay ! And listening to Josh Groban's " Believe " like a million times AND watching Lion King 1 & 2 with a friend to help her with a project ( yeah some hard project ) all while running off of Amp ! WOOO ! :) Tomorrow ... now that is going to suck ! Got my work done tho ! 
come on McNabb and the rest of you guys ! <3 ya ! We need this win ! Kick some Bear BUTT !!! 
Yay ! Snow :) 
Believes that this last week of classes will kill me . :/ Break is so close and yet ... so far :( 
You know what Dr. Clark ? I refuse to write your paper as it is a trick question . " How does The Tempest reflect cultural , social , and/or political anxieties of the late Tudor period ? " well , I don't know , but I do know that it was written c . 1610-11 , a full 7 years AT LEAST after Elizabeth I died and James I ascended the throne , so it wasn't written during the Tudor period at all !!! 
jamming to Christmas music while cleaning my room ! :) 
I <3 SUNDAY !!!! :) 
YAY !!!! CLASSES ARE DONE !.... now I * just * have finals ... that's a big * just * :) 
Ok , now 2 down 3 to go ! 
3 finals down , 2 to go ! 
Thank you Dr. Clark for giving us such an easy final ( at least I * thought * it was ) * hugs * * skips away happily hugging 3.7 paper * 1 down , 4 to go ! 
Darn it Eagles ! Get it together !!!! Give your defense some help !!!! >:( 
WOOOOOOOOO !!!!! YEAH EAGLES !!!!!!!! 
WTF ?! Fricking NATALIE won over the awesomeness that was RUSSELL ?! Fricking Survivor jury sucks !!! At least he was the fan fav and won $ 100,000 .... stupid Natalie , stupid jury , RUSSELL DESERVED TO BE SURVIVOR CHAMP ! >:( 
is happy ! :) is also wondering what a Pinter performance is ... but was invited to one XD 
Just doesn't know ... just knows she is tired ... and wants classes and finals to be over already ! 
Is going berserk over history paper !!!! Don't know what to do and don't want to b.s. it . :/ Have headache and is worried as I need to ace this paper ! Help somebody !! * cries * :( 
is pissed off as hell >:( 
All of you McNabb haters in Philly , just so you know , if you EVER get rid of Donovan , your team has ZERO chance of making it to the Super Bowl !!! McNabb was the greatest thing that has EVER happened to your team !!!!!! * cries that once again , the Eagles not playing to their full potential * X ( 
Good job McNabb , Maclin , Akers , and the rest of you boys ! Good job ! Pretty clutch playing there at the end :) 
come on Eagles ! Its go time ! Win or go home ! Don't give Romo his first playoff win !!! SOAR EAGLES SOAR !!!! :) 
thinks everyone should watch Man v.s. Food on the Travel Channel . The host Adam is so cool :) 
Way to blow it Eagles , the Vikings choked and put your destiny into your own hands and you royally blew it ! 
Good win tonight ' Cuse :) 
Classes in the A.M. :( 
Damn it Reed ! What the hell was that for ! 4 and 2 we gotta go for it !!! Good job McNabb and Celek , you're the only ones doing ANYTHING !!! Come on defense ! Romo is a fricking WUSS !!!! Damn it you guys ! Do you really want to play them again next week ?!!! 
Is getting the silent treatment from roommate , Oh Noes !!! :P XD 
can only shake head at prof . ... 
Is sad there were no ice skates of her size tonite for the disco-ice skating :( 
Good job tonite Saints ! Congrats !! 
Is excited about the Syracuse/UConn game tonight :) Not so excited about test and quiz tomorow though . :( 
need to do history h.w. , but really not feeling like it . Tired .... 
Bummed that Syracuse lost :( * sigh * oh , well , it was a good run . :/ 
getting ready to do Archeaology homework ... * cries * oh boy ... 
Is pissed off after hearing about a hell bound punk who tossed a puppy off a bridge to its death . :( 
Is proud of herself ! Is not procrastinating and just completed Archaeology homework recieved today even though it wasn't due ' til Thursday AND wrote a copious amount of notes for discussion !! Yay me ! XD For those who don't know , I am the Procrastinating QUEEN so this is kinda a big deal for me :) 
" It will appear that I have been sent to drive a wedge between the brothers , who will then kill me and put my head on a spike " ~ Prince Paris of Troy , Helen of Troy ( 2003 ) 
Just got back from " An Evening with Elvis " ! It was totally cool ! My only complaint was that it was too short ! 
It's 3:02 , lab is at 4:00 , " please print off lab before class " ... no lab up yet ... in some strange place plants are eating animals ... my friends are so lucky that I don't have class between 2 and 4 .... that class is crazy ... crazy good ! ;) 
Woot ! Got everything done ! Am very happy , if tired , but not too tired , will be later on today tho . Oh joy :/ Good night everyone :) 
[ Jack ] Every time she'd find a minute , that's the time that they begin it ! Cinderelly , Cinderelly ! [ step-sisters ] Cinderella ! [ jack ] Cinderelly , Cinderelly , night and day it's Cinderelly , make the fire , fix the breakfast , wash the dishes , do the mopping . 
Yay ! Adam ! Way to take on that steak ! You rock my socks man ! :D 
Good job tonight Villains ! Keep it up ! Especially you Russell , I'm rooting for you ! :) 
" Everybody knows about ( facebook ) . Don't you want a whole bunch of new friends ? Don't you want them all to know where you are all the time ? " ~ Charlie Crews 
Wooo !!!! Way to hang in there Syracuse ! Good game ! 
" Anger ruins joy , steals the goodness of my mind , forces my mouth to say terrible things . Overcoming anger brings peace of mind , leads to a mind without regrets . If I overcome anger , I will be delightful and loved by everyone . " ~ Charlie Crews 
Thinks it should be illegal for teachers to have work assigned for the day after break ... are you listening Dr. Freed ? * grumbles tiredly * :( In other news , the Eagles won today !! Yay !!!!! * hugs Akers * 
Good job USA hockey team ! Way to beat Canada !!! :) 
1 day down , 4 to go and then , HOME !!!!! YAY !!!! :) 
yeah ' Cuse ! #1 baby !!!!!! :D 
Good job tonite ' Cuse !!! We'll miss you Rautins and Onuaku ! 
Yay ! The lab is up , wicked early too ! :) It makes me happy :) 
discussing the lab after class was fun ... especially when the prof . joined in and sort of took my side :D well , it would have been my side if I was any good at articulating my stance . Both Shannon and I were correct ! Oh when will I ever be able to construct a good solid sentence in that class and when will I ever be able to stop blushing ?! Lol ! XD 
is HOME !!!!!!!!! :D 
waiting for an email ... is worried ... :/ 
Woo !!! 10 out of 10 on my journal entry !!!! Sweet !! That just made my day ! :D 
[ Girl mice ] And the sweeping and the dusting , they always keep her hopping [ Jack ] She goes around in circles ' till she's very very dizzy . Still they holler : [ Girl mice ] Keep a-busy Cinderelly ! 
Really SU ?! Louisville SUCKED !!! There was no reason that you should have lost !! Especially THAT badly !!!! You gotta work on these problems guys ! You're talented enough to CRUSH teams , but only when you play to your full potential , which you definitely didn't do today ! 
is tired .... but , got homework done ! Now just need to get Dr. Pykles ' lab done by 2 .... is it the weekend yet ?.... 
Just saw my old high school put on a production of The Sound of Music ! WOW !!!!! Amazing job everyone ! It was so moving ! I love the movie and I loved your production SO much !!!!!! Great job ! I'm going to having those songs in my head for days !!!! :D 
yay ! done with everthing ! I'm tired ... but happy :) 
doesn't want to go back to school :( 
great ... the articles I printed at the library are so thick , I can't get a staple to go through them ... thanks a bunch prof . my friends at college know who I'm talkin ' about ... he's one of my favorite profs of all time but * still * :/ 
Pykles asks for a one page journal entry , I give him four ... some strive for quality over quantity , I strive for BOTH ;) He says he will never penalize someone for writing too much ... bless his little heart ! 
Lab was posted at 2:01 ! Wow ! Yay !!! Is very pleased ! 
Let the madness begin ! 6 seed Notre Dame falls to 11 seed Old Dominion !! 
Seriously Bioware ?! No romance and more importantly no ALISTAIR in DA : A ? I ain't buying !! You're taking away the two things I loved the most about DA :O ! * Is sad * 
Oh Syracuse ... just promise me you won't lose in the first round of the NCAA tournament too ... that would be ... bad .... :/ 
is sad :( 
Yay !!!! Garrett Wittels , a baseball player for FIU who was trying to beat Robin Ventura's record of most consecutive games with a hit FAILED !!! His streak ended yesterday !!! He was two games shy of the record and he shouldn't have been playing anyway because he was accused of rape in the Bahamas !!! Take that ya F*ing moron !!! 
Another national holiday is upon us and yet again SUNY Potsdam remains open ... it makes no sense . Would it really kill them to close for a day ... 
Woohoo ! Good win tonight ' Cuse !!! :D 
Carmelo Anthony traded ( finally ) to the New York Knicks ! I don't know why , but I am strangely excited about that ! Maybe its because I've been hearing about this crap for months and it is finally over ... yeah ... that's it , 
Not pleased about Survivor tonight ... what a d ! ckless , dumb @ss move by the purple team ! Throw a match ! REALLY ?! You need numbers ! You were on a roll until you decided to send your BEST PLAYER to REDEMPTION ISLAND !!!! Can't wait ' til he gets back from there ! Heads will roll ! Especially yours you double crossing b ! tch !!! Go Russell !! Keep Hope Alive !!! 
Hey ! Village Idiots picketing fallen soldiers ' funerals .... Yeah , I'm talking to you ! Do you know WHY you are allowed to do that ? BECAUSE THE DEAD SOLDIER YOU ARE TRASHING , GAVE HIS OR HER LIFE SO YOU WOULD HAVE THE FREEDOM TO EXPRESS YOUR STUPIDITY ! Feel free to copy and post . I did because I wasn't afraid to express my undying gratitude to every single service person past , present and future . 
Miami Heat players crying in the locker room after losing a close game to the Bulls !! Hasn't anyone ever told them that THERE ISN'T ANY CRYING IN BASKETBALL !!! 
Bunch of babies ... it makes me laugh !! XD 
The Miami Heat in one word ? OVERRATED !!! 
Trying to figure out what I'm going to do after graduation ! I'm so stressed out ! Grad school ? Then I would need to know what I plan on doing after I get my degree . A job right after I graduate in May ? But what ? I wish I were a kid again and didn't have to worry about this , when I had many jobs in mind and now I have none or if I do I can't commit . never thought of myself as having commitment issues before . * cries * 
SIBLING WAR !!! Copy this if you are the best and smartest of your siblings . If this stands for an hour without your siblings protesting , its true 
Way to go NFL players and owners you're greedy as hell . Hey players , guess what ? Although I love the NFL , I will live if there are NO games this season . Do I sympathize with you at all ? No ! You guys are paid more than my extremely hard working parents will make their entire lives and yet you b ! tch about how you need more money for playing a GAME for a few weeks a year . 
and yes you big babies , I DO want you guys to play 18 games ! Maybe you can actually WORK for your money , ever think about that ? I doubt that many of you have ever worked a day in your lives and still you gripe ... you big stars can all shove it ! 
My brother just got accepted to RPI , along with scholarships and grants , but make no mistake , * I * am still the smart sibling ;) 

Really though , congrats Kev :D 
¯`· . ´¯`· . ¸¸ . ·´¯`· . ¸PRAYER WAVE¸ . ·´¯`· . ´¯`· . ¸¸ . ·´¯`· . ¸ Going out to all those affected in the Pacific and everywhere else affected by the earthquake and tsunami . Keep this going .... please ! 
Beannachtaí na féile Pádraig everyone !!! :D 
( 13 ) Morehead St. 62 ( 4 ) Louisville 61 . Let the madness begin !!! 
Crap ... my bracket is officially ruined ... had Louisville going to the Final Four and St. John's going to the championship game , losing to the ' Cuse .... Damn ... :/ 
If you have a best friend who has made you laugh , stuck up for you drove you crazy , got mad at you , watched you succeed , saw you fall , picked you back up , cheered you on , had your back , ready to fight the person who upset you or made you mad and all these things made your friendship stronger and you can't do without them , .. post this to your status and see if they know who they are ? ? 
So F*ing glad that my next door neighbor the R fricking A of my floor is celebrating her birthday so F*ing loud at 12 AM !!!! What a load of Sh ! t !!! QUIET HOURS ARE F*CKING QUIET HOURS DAMN IT !!!!!! OH BUT I FORGET , THOSE DON'T COUNT FOR THE POPULAR PEOPLE OR RA'S!!! 
HOW ABOUT YOU GO TO A BAR AND GET SH ! T FACED DRUNK FOR YOUR 21ST INSTEAD OF KEEPING OTHER PEOPLE UP ALL NIGHT ? JUST A SUGGESTION MIND YOU !!!! DAMN IT , MY ROOMMATE IS EXHAUSTED AND THESE IDIOTS WON'T SHUT THE F*CK UP ! THANKS A LOT MORONS .... OH , THE TRIALS OF BEING A SENIOR WHO HAS A SILLY CHILD AS AN RA .... 
Put this dog on 
. //^ ^\\ your status 
(/ (_•_) \) to show 
. _/''*''\_ that you are 
(,,,) ^ (,,,) Against Animal Cruelty 
Raven Marvin : 15 November 2000- 29 March 2011 
Words cannot convey how much you mean to me old girl ! I love you ! 
" Beauty without Vanity , 
Strength without Insolence , 
Courage without Ferosity , 
and all the virtues of Man without his Vices . " 
In loving memory of Raven Marvin , my Newfoundland dog who was so much more than a dog , she was family , like a sister to me and my best friend . 
Rest in peace Raven . I love you so much and I always will ! 
Dear Mr. President , I hear you would like to freeze pay rates for military starting next year . Would you also consider cutting your own pay to save more money for our country ? While you're at it , lets cut down all congressman's pay too . If the people who risk their lives don't get an increase in pay , why should we continue raising pay for those who take no risks and reap the benefits ? REPOST if you support troops 
The show " Homeland " was given the greenlight from Showtime !!! Can't wait to see it ! Especially can't wait to see Damian Lewis in military garb again !! So hope this show goes well ! Whoever doesn't know of the show or DL should look them up ! :D 
Facebook challenge ... During this couple of weeks before Easter , I am out to prove that my friends will repost , I hope I am right !!! Easter is not about bunnies and chocolate eggs . Let's lift up God's name and make a statement !! When Jesus died on the cross he was thinking of You and Me . If you are not ashamed ... to call Jesus Christ your savior , copy and re-post . I'm not ashamed ! " 
Got back from Union with breakfast , eggs over-easy , bacon , white toast no butter and yet no roommate to eat it ! Where are you Shannon ? :( 
Just saw a clip of " Homeland " ... the main character , a rescued POW looks like Richard Winters meets ' Castaway ' o.O I hope he shaves :P 
State health department has developed regulations for activities that include " significant risk of injury , " including capture the flag , tag and Whiffle ball . 
~ The Associated Press- Syracuse.com 
“History is an account mostly false , of events mostly unimportant , which are brought about by rulers , mostly knaves , and soldiers , mostly fools . ” 
~ Ambrose Bierce 
Happy Easter Everyone !!! ??????? ???????!!! 
My curfew was the street lights . Mom didn't call my cell , she yelled my name . I played outside with friends , not online . If I didn't eat what mom made , I didn't eat . Hand sanitizer didn't exist , but you COULD get your mouth washed out with soap , your butt was beat and it was ok for other neighborhood mothers to scold you if you did something wrong . Repost if you drank water out of a hose and survived !... 
Osama is dead ?!!! AWESOME !!! Way to go USA !!! It is amazing if it is true !! too bad we didn't capture him and let the families of those people he had killed on 9/11 get a crack at him ... but dead ? I'll take dead ! 
Oh , it is for real !!! HE IS DEAD !!!! USA ! USA ! USA ! USA ! USA ! USA ! USA ! USA ! USA ! USA ! USA ! USA ! USA ! USA ! USA ! USA ! USA ! USA ! USA ! USA ! USA ! USA ! USA ! USA ! 
If your MOM was a hard-working WOMAN , your HERO , helped you no matter how bad you were , or is just the BEST MOM EVER . If you are blessed to still have your MOM or if she is an ANGEL in heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are PROUD of your MOM , and that you LOVE HER DEARLY . You can replace a lot of people in your life ... but you only get one Mom ? 
OMFG !!! The Lakers are getting CRUSHED by the Mavs and are playing like the entirely classless team that they are . Both Bynum and Odom ejected within 5 minutes . They are acting like THUGS !!! GO MAVS !!! Time to get out the broom !!! 
I have a personal reason for asking if everyone could put this as their status for 1 hour . I'm pretty sure I know the ones that will . Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for 1 hour . To honor those who have fought or are fighting cancer . Hope to see it in your status :) 
Yay !!! Way to go ' Cuse ! Crush Butler too ! 
1 chapter left for Midwife's Tale , except its like , 40 pages long ... have been reading since 4:00 ... :/ 
I had it on the best authority , my notes from class , transcribed from EXACTLY what the teacher said , that I had a test on WEDNESDAY not TODAY and so imagine my surprise when I walked into class and we were having a test .... I think that teacher has it in for me ... * takes breath * 
Just for the record .... I HATE SENIOR SEMINAR !!!!! I am never going to be doing writing in my job so why have to do this ? I've never felt more stupid in my entire life !!!!!! X ( 
Keep it up ' Cuse !!! Don't let up !!! 
Great job Cornell !!! :D 
Woah ... Survivor tonite .... super insane , unfortunately , the villians are falling apart :( 
Paper done , just need to do one more paragraph and maybe add a tiny bit more ... article is read , don't know what questions I should pose about it now as it is method oriented and not theory .... yet aren't theory and methods inseparable ?... need to write up a quick thing about that ... then shower ... then meeting w/ Grace at lib ... then classes ... 
Its so HOT !!!! Why doesn't Potsdam turn down the heat in the buildings !!! >:( :P 
Shower , then bed , then finishing journal entry in the morning ... this next month is gonna drive me crazy !!! Well , at least " Bones " and " Survivor " are on tv on Thursday !!!!... at the same time ! Decisions , decisions .... love ' em both :) 
Going out to do some reading for Fighting Words ... its SO nice out and I want to get out of my room ... heading to the benches near MacVicar if anyone wants to hang out :) Be back ... whenever ! 
Guess what my favorite team is now ! Redskins baby !!! Good luck McNabb , you had best treat him right Washington !!! And Philly you can all just ... you never appreciated McNabb , good luck with Kolbe ... yeah ... you don't know what you got till its gone kiddies .... 
Woot ! Only 11.5 pages left for my book review !! So far , so good ! Want to give a shout out to my awesome Archaeologist cousin Rachel for her help and insight :D 
Syracuse ... well , good try but ... kinda disappointed guys ... gotta stay another year Wes ... can't be one and done with us unless you gave us the championship , which ya didn't ... so you guys ... try not to lose the game for yourself in the first half please ... we have a word for the ending as well ... * choke * ... 
Hmmm ... in other news ... my main man Russell on Survivor : H v.s. V , was totally bold ... totally love it ! You're next Boston Rob !!!! :D 
Into this life we're born baby sometimes , sometimes we don't know why and time seems to go by so fast , in the twinkling of an eye ... 
trying to type my rough draft for Senior Seminar ... is that class over yet ? 
Non-petowners who visit & like to complain about our pets : 1 . They live here . You don't . 2 . If u don't want their hair on your clothes , stay off the furniture . That's why they call it ' fur'-niture . 3 . I like my pets alot better than I like most people . 4 . To u , they are animals . To me , they are children who are short , hairy , walk on all fours & don't speak clearly . Copy & Post if you love your pet ! ( or pets ) 
Good job ' Cuse ! Not a perfect game , but a good enough game and that's what matters ! I'm sure G-Mac is pleased right now , some nice revenge for him :) 
Wow ! A bunch of underclass girls were calling out to and waving at my archaeology prof as we were heading to lab ( outside today ) ... silly school girls ... he's a very attractive man , I agree , but , unlike them , * I * have some self-respect ;) 
Congrats Boeheim for being named AP College Basketball Coach of the Year !!! FINALLY :D 
Great job Northern Iowa !! I didn't do brackets this year , which is a shame since I almost always go with the underdogs ! This could have been my year ! :) 
Just got my ego boost for the day ! Archy journal entries ... just makes me grin ear to ear :D Just gotta be sure to keep it up :D 
mmm ... watchin ' " Bones " and eating poutine ... its been a good night :) 
is missing her big cousin's gorgeous locks :( 
Went to Hobarts football page and saw that all his hair is gone ! * cries * jk ! 
It looks nice Kyle ! You look so grown up ! Good luck this season co-team captain ! Hope to see your game when you are in the North Country in October :D 
come on Syracuse ... try NOT to play play like crap buddies ! I love you guys , but seriously ... you're HANDING Butler the game on a silver platter ... sorta ironic , that ... 
ARGH !!!!!! I just went to print off my bibliography and ... ITS NOT THERE ! AND ITS DUE AT 11 ! yeah , this week sucks already :( 
Like my status and i'll tell you : 1 . something i've learned about you from looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 . the color you remind me of . 3.my favorite memory with you . 4 . the animal you remind me of . 5 . ask somethingi've always wondered about you . 6.my favorite thing about you . 7 . give you a nickname . 8 . challenge you to repost this 
.... thinking about story I'm writing ... redemption ... how to do it without seeming fake ... I don't want my fav character to die .... but how do both claimants to a throne survive a coup ... sorry ... just thinking out loud ... I'm not even the creative genius behind my own story ... 
Hey everyone in Pykles ' Archaeological Procedures class ! Hope you all got your paper finished and that you are ready to discuss the Wilson article !! ( mine ! ) I have no idea what to take from it , with theory it was easier , now ... how do we discuss methods ?... 
I'm so excited that we caught the stray cat and will keep it ! Pippin will love a cat friend and Raven will love * another * cat friend ! yay ! 
'' Damn . I don't even have to find idols . People are actually giving me idols . You don't hand the enemy the idol , especially when his name is Russell Hantz . You don't do that . That's a no-no . '' -My fav . " Hobbit on Crack " Russell :) Only goes to show how stupid the heroes really are XD 
' Two old friends rekindle an alliance and one castaway makes an unprecedented play , setting the stage for one of the most surprising Tribal Councils in Survivor history on the next episode of Survivor : Heroes vs . Villains . ' That sounds ominous ... I hope Russell won't be blindsided !! I <3 you Russell , Russell FTW !!!! 
Potsdam , PLEASE TURN OFF THE HEATERS !!!!!!!!!! 
ARGH !!!! :'( 
Don't know why , but writing the paper for Midwife's Tale is much more difficult than Republic of Suffering .... fml ... 
Just gotta keep plugging away ... 4 pages down , 8 to go , then the work * truly * begins ! :/ 
<3 ya Donovan ! 
* Finally * got Beggar's Opera paper done ... I'm not happy with it at all , but at this point , I * really * couldn't care less ... 
" Anger ruins joy , steals the goodness from my mind , forces my mouth to say terrible things . Overcoming anger brings peace of mind , leads to a mind without regrets . If I overcome anger , I will be delightful and loved by everyone ... " 
Is sad that the bouncing balls app is down ... atleast it is for me :/ 
Bibliography done ! Woot ! Glad I checked my syllabus , now just need to finish Pykles ' paper , read articles , think up questions for class discussion for thurs , finish Seutonius for thurs , study for Downing's test on tues , read Midwife's Tale and write analysis of it for McIntyre for next fri , then work on Downing's research paper due the 28th ... at least folks are coming up Sun . for honors ceremony ! :D 
WOOT !!!!!!!!! DONE WITH PAPER FOR PYKLES !!!!!!!.... well , actually , I need to revamp the introduction as well as check on a couple things , but other than * that * ... DONE !!!!!!.... but am very tired .... :/ 
PEOPLE NEED TO UNDERSTAND THAT CHILDREN WITH SPECIAL NEEDS DON'T HAVE AN ILLNESS , SO THERE IS NO CURE & IT'S NOT CONTAGIOUS . THEY ONLY WANT WHAT WE ALL WANT , TO BE ACCEPTED , 93% OF YOU PROBABLY WON'T COPY AND PASTE THIS . WILL YOU BE IN THE 7 % THAT WILL , AND LEAVE IT ON YOUR STATUS FOR LEAST AN HOUR . IT'S SPECIAL EDUCATION WEEK .... C'MON EVERYONE , IT'S 1 HOUR . Give to that special child this week 
" If life seems jolly rotten There's something you've forgotten And that's to laugh and smile and dance and sing . When you're feeling in the dumps Don't be silly chumps Just purse your lips and whistle - that's the thing . And ... always look on the bright side of life ... Always look on the light side of life ... " :) 
" ( S)he sells me down the river . So what am I , chopped liver ? " :( 
On my 7th page of my research paper ! Going to bed soon , gonna try to finish it tomorrow ( i mean later on today ) as well as finish my book and analysis paper for F . W ... maybe work finish it up on Fri if absolutely neccessary ... am getting dangerously close to just wanting to be done with this semester and starting to not really care ... :P 
Just saw Brigadoon at CRT !!!!! It was sooooo good !!!! Everyone in it was great ! I sure wish some guy like Tommy would walk into my life out of the fog ! <3 
The guy who played him was super cute ! :) 
Just a random thought before bed ... for all those who like doing the random " Free Hugs " thing ... why not say " HUGS ! " I mean ... when * aren't * hugs free ? o.O 
Happy May Eve everyone ! :D 
is so bored ... 
Journal entry .... history paper ... totally not caring .... but my incentive ... I will allow myself to watch " Bones " when I'm done :) 
Is tired but it is too late to be going to bed now .... not worth it ... hoping not to crash in Senior Seminar ... less than 12 hours left until I'm done for the day ! :P 
Ha , yeah , my paper is better but I also have the CONTENT issues to work out ................ 
oh Russell ... why did you pick * those * two ? I <3 ya , but ... you aren't even gonna get one vote :'( 
Oh man !!! :D Eagles lose !! So Philly how is your " Vick Experiment " going for you ? Selling your soul to the devil only to lose when it matters ... in the post-season ... wow ... you got rid of McNabb for that ? Vick will NEVER even get close to winning the big game for you .. enjoy your return to a second rate team !!! 
puods ?? o ?? ?? s o ? ? u ?????? ? q ???? ?? sn ??? s ? no ? u ? s ??? ?? s ? d pu ? ? do ? ? uo ?? u ???? s ?? d ???? n ??? ? s ?? spu ???? ?? u ? o ?? ?? s s ,??? ¡ ?????? s ? os ?? ? nq spu ???? s ? no ? ? uno ? o ? p ??? ?? uo ? ou ?? ? ? uo ? s ??? p sno ?? suo ? ? ? o ?? ns ?? ? s ? ? s ?? pu ???? ?? uo ??? no ? ? o ? uo ??? u ? s ????? ??? uo ?? u ???? ? u ??? d s ? o ?? ?? s s ,?? l 
I feel bad for Armando Galarraga AND Jim Joyce :( Both seemingly classy guys ... I think that the commisioner should step in , he CAN declare it a perfect game , but nooo ... wants to defend the " integrity of the game .. " yeah , whatever ... Galarrga will get over it and hopefully become a great pitcher , poor Joyce who was crying today ... I feel * really * bad for him , the whole situation just sucks :( 
Got back from the writing center ... it was my first time ever , never would have gone if it weren't for Pykles ... and you know what ? I LOVED IT !!!!! lol ! I'm serious ! My paper is SO MUCH BETTER NOW ! THANK YOU PYKLES :) 
What kind of dumb sicko would " think that it would be funny " to throw a cat in a trash bin and then say she loves cats .... damn good thing that she has police protection .... that's a shame , let the people have her , she sure as hell would never do it again ... penalties for animal cruelty are FAR too lenient !!! >:( 
is lonely ... no one to talk to all day ... :( 
Does anyone else have work/classes on LABOR DAY ?! I DO !!!! >:( I <3 potsdam but really ?! Classes on Labor Day ?!! WTF ?!!!! 
Is feeling lonely at college wthout my best friend :( 
Great job today Syracuse Basketball , both men and women !! SU women beat #6 Ohio State 75-66 improving to 8-0 and the men absolutely CRUSHED Colgate 100-43 , allowing only 8 points in the first half !! So happy for the walk-ons who got to show their stuff too ! 
" Ya know , ya don't really understand what trust is all about until after you find out how much dirt your friend has on ya , and you pray that you didn't just hand the idol to Russell Hantz ... " 
Woot ! I've ironed out as much of the grammatical problems out of my paper as I could . Will bring it to the writing center at 1 and then tackle the content issues as much as I can ! 
Ok .... am TRYING to do arcGIS but the c : \temp file has dissapeared !!!!! Which means that I can't do ANY of the exercises !!!!!! WTF !!!!!! >:( 
just watched several hours of Band of Brothers ... whoever hasn't seen it should ... totally apropriate given what today is ... God bless all those who died so we may be free ! On a personal note , I want to send a thank you and a prayer to my great-uncle Edward Bolen who died in WWII ... thank you so much uncle Eddie and may you rest in peace ! <3 
Is heading out to the Hockey game in about a half an hour ... need a break from my paper ... been working all day , have 3 more pages to show for it :P GO BEARS !!! 
Why is it that whenever something goes just a bit different than I expected my first reaction is hurt or anger or some other negative emotion ... I'm usually such a happy person , so why is that ? :/ 
Just found out that my 2nd cousin Army Sgt . Edward Bolen was killed in action in Afghanistan . Although I never met him , it still brings the war a lot closer to home ... R.I.P. Edward Bolen and may God bless all the brave men and women who serve . 
yay ! FIFA Pres has sided w/ the vuvuzelas and they won't be banned :D I love the sound of those horns ! Great atmosphere for a soccer game :) 
In memory of every cancer patient , family member and friends who have lost their battle with cancer , and with love to the ones who continue to conquer it !! Put this on your page for 1 hour if you know someone who has or has had cancer . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? May is cancer month 
Yay !!!! Home since 7:30 yesterday !!! Power went off 15 minutes after I got home !!! XD Back on now tho ! It feels * so * nice :D 
USA ! USA ! USA ! :D 
Celtics can't pull off the sweep ... hmm ... maybe its like what my prof always says : " nothing fails like success " ... I love the Celtics , especially the big 3 and the fact that they are my brother's team ... but I like Orlando alot too ! especially Stan Van and Superman :) I guess I'm rooting for the Celtics tho ... 
Sitting around , gonna work on my paper a little , trying to finish it up before midnight tonight hoping for some input on how I can make it better ... can't wait for this semester to be over !!! Already misses her roomate :( 
What the heck is going on ?! A MURDER on Maplewood Ave ? o.O WTF ?! I lived the first 13 years of my life on that street , a very safe place .... atleast they caught that SOB . >:( 
SNOW DAY !!!!!!!!!!!!! :D :D :D 
Screw the F*ing Ghana soccer team ... taking forever , pretending they're hurt to waste time ... that is why I don't like professional soccer , people are so whimpy ... JUST PLAY THE F*ING GAME !!!! Also , our defense sucks , as usual , but my main man Tim H . is doing poorly too :( Come on Tim , you needed to make some fricking saves today ... X ( 
D-Day +66 years . God bless all those who fought that day and especially those who gave their life on that day of days ! 
USA : 1 Algeria : 0 
USA ! USA ! USA ! USA ! :D 
R.I.P. Mr. Wooden :( 
Happy New Year Everyone !!! Here's hoping for a great 2011 !!!! :D 
If LeBron stays in Cleveland , then I * may * respect him .... an hour long special to snub your home team and fans ? Money goes to Boys and Girls Club of America .... but its mainly just about his super-inflated ego inflated all the more by all the attention the press gives him ... if you want to give money to the B&G Club then great , you don't need * this * to do it tho .... 
Eagles are 0-1 , the Redskins 1-0 ! You gave your one shot at the Superbowl away the moment you traded McNabb within your division idiots ! Come on Redskins ! My new favorite team , as long as they have McNabb that is ;) 
Congrats Wes Johnson and Andy Rautins !!!!! Best of luck ! <3 
Come on USA BEAT RUSSIA !!!!!! 
He had no servants , yet they called him Master . Had no degree , yet they called him Teacher . Had no medicines , yet they called him Healer . Had no army , yet kings feared Him . He won no military battles , yet he conquered the world . He committed no crime , yet they crucified Him . He was buried in a tomb , yet He lives today . Re-post if you believe Jesus is the reason for the season . 
Happy Birthday America and here's to another 234 years !! Happy 4th of July and God bless America !!! 
Great job everyone who was in The Book Revue ! It was great , you all did a fantastic job ! Oh , how I wanted to sing along ! I did during ' Let's go fly a kite ' ... ahh .... good times :D 
Brett Favre is * not * retiring .... come on people , he's only done this like ... TWICE before ! Nope , he'll be back . 
Just watched Airplane ! during break and was wondering if Leslie Nielsen was still alive , apparently he just died today :( R.I.P. Mr. Nielsen 
Karen Marvin -- If your Mom is your HERO , your BEST FRIEND or just the BEST Mom EVER , if you are still blessed to have your Mom or if she is an angel in heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your Mom and that you love her dearly . You can replace alot of people in your ...... life but you only have ONE Mom 
Good job Syracuse ! Way to beat West Virginia !!!! :D Keep it up guys !!! 
I'm playing an AWESOME homemade version of Yu-gi-oh Clue ! It is so fricking awesome ! All tied up right now one game apiece ! 
" Gay activists are denied Communion at Catholic college Mass by Archbishop " . Really ? As a Catholic , I can't say I agree with that . Jesus should be accessible to all who wish to find him ... murderers and theives and countless others can recieve communion , but those who are found guilty of no other crime accept loving the " wrong " sort of people , can't ? That's just not right ... come on now people ! WWJD ? 
Woah , I feel so f*ing moody right now ... I just wanna cry and I'm not sure why :'( 
Woot ! Half way done with my Senior Seminar rough draft !! Right smack dab in the middle of page 10 ! I've got 31 footnotes ... I fear that is too many and there's not enough of my own work ... I'm also not sure if I'm tying information into larger themes like the prof wants ... oh well ... at least I'm half way there ! 
Damn , Marshall choked ... beating WV 21-6 in the 4th quarter and losing 24-21 in overtime ... damn , just , damn .... :/ 
Am officially done !!! :D Just need to pack up and wait for my dad to show up :D 
Have a great break everyone ! Merry Christmas !!! :D 
At the age of 4 : Mom knows everything ! At 8 : Mom knows a lot ! At 12 : Mom doesn’t really know everything . At 14 : Mom doesn’t know anything . At 16 : Mom doesn’t exist . At 18 : She's old fashioned . At 25 : Maybe Mom does know about this ! At 35 : Before we decide , let’s ask Mom . At 45 : I wonder ... what Mom thinks about this ? At ... 75 : I wish I could ask my Mom about this . Post this if you have the best Mom in the world ! ? 
USA is going for gold at the FIBA World Championship in Turkey ... then by the time the 2012 Olympics come around , they'll dump the guys who got them their and let all of the rich , snooty bums , aka Lebron James , Kobe Bryant , etc , who were somehow " too busy " to represent their country , until of course , London comes calling .... Damn , if you ask me , if you want to go the Olympics , you had damn better do the f*ing work >:( 
to all the McNabb haters , he is a FANTASTIC QB and his numbers would be astronomical if he had Wide Recievers that were halfway decent !!! He hits them right in their fricking hands and they don't catch it ! What else can he possibly do ... in other news , Romo is WAY overrated and will win a Superbowl when hell freezes over !!! Thank you , that is all . 
WOOOOOOOOOO !!! REDSKINS WIN !!!!!!!!!! :D 
WTF IS WRONG WITH AMERICA ? WHY THE HELL DID JACKIE EVANCHO NOT WIN AGT ? INSTEAD THEY VOTED FOR THIS BORING SINGER CRAP GUY ? YOU GUYS ARE PATHETIC !!! JACKIE DESERVED TO WIN !!! ARGGGG !!!! 
Got back from watching Harry Potter DH part 1 and it was AMAZING !!!! Absolutely wonderful !! Everyone should go watch it :D 
:'( :'( : '''''' ( 
I've lost another 3 lbs over the past 2 weeks ! I've lost 7.5 lbs total and I'm not done yet ! I can't wait to get to the 10 lb mark !!! :D 
ARE YOU READY FOR SOME FOOTBALL ?!!!!! :D 
I'm the roommate of the Potsdam Gym Class Female Badminton Champion !!!!! Double elimination format and she didn't even have a single loss ! Completely undefeated !!! Way to go Shannon !!!! 
Saw an EPIC football game today !!!! Hobart over Union in double overtime 41-35 !!!!!! :D 
Great job Kyle !!!!!! :D 
Am still toying around with my introduction to the Senior Seminar paper ... still not pleased with it , but at least I have some sort of preliminary version of it done ... that class has me so F*ing paranoid !!!! I just want it to be OVER !!!!! 
Whoo hoo !!!!! Senior Seminar paper is DONE !!!!!! :D Just have the bibliography to do , which is a lot , over 50 sources ... but that'll be easy !!! :) Congrats everyone !!! We've made it !!! :D 
Woot ! Yankees lose !!! Congrats Rangers !!!! :D 
I am a witch ! Shannon did an awesome job with the eyes ! just a touch of green to my face in an Egyptian style ! I look so cool ! Anyone have a camera ? :D 
I HATE getting writer's block !!!!! Been working non-stop for the past 3 weeks and now that I just need to write a few paragraphs on all that work ... NOTHING !!!!!! GAH !!! 
Damn it ! Why am I so F*ing upset ?!! I'm guessing its just stress .. b/c if I am getting so upset over stupid shit then that's just F*ing dumb !!!!!! Then I'm a friend unworthy of the title . I just wish there was * some * stuff that is distinctly mine that my best friend likes to do !!! No .. its just like every other time .. people just like to humor me . why am I saying this shit for ? FML ! I am just so F*ing stressed right now !! 
" I may make mistakes but I am never wrong " 
~ Sir Caradoc of Candlekeep 
( attributed to him by SRRH ) 
AOCDRNDICGTO RSCHEEARCH AT CMABRIGDE UINERVTISY , IT DSENO'T MTAETR WAHT OERDR THE LTTERES IN A WROD ARE , THE OLNY IPROAMTNT TIHNG IS TAHT THE FRSIT AND LSAT LTTEER BE IN THE RGHIT PCLAE . TIHS IS BCUSEAE THE HUAMN MNID DEOSNOT RAED ERVEY LTETER BY ISTLEF , BUT THE WROD AS A WLOHE . IF YOU CAN ...... RAED TIHS , PSOT IT TO YUOR WLAL . OLNY 55% OF PLEPOE CAN 
I'm in a very friendship-focused mood at the moment ... so I'm going to post some quotes about friendship ... one per comment thread , everyone else feel free to post some too in honor of your friends be it an original by you or some you saw on the internet ... like me for instance . Here's the first one ... 
Just so everyone knows ... I DON'T CARE what some blatantly aethist professor has to say about the bible ! SO DON'T TELL ME ABOUT IT ! He can believe whatever the hell he wants to believe but I don't have to listen to his RAMBLINGS FROM HIS STUDENTS ! I BELIEVE WHAT I BELIEVE FOR A REASON TOO ! JUST BECAUSE HE HAS A PHD DOESN'T MEAN HE KNOWS WHAT THE F *** HE IS TALKING ABOUT ! 
Only 2 more weeks left of classes and then finals ! Just thinking of that gives me renewed energy to finish the semester !!! Can't wait !!! 
Shanahan is a schmuck ! Benching Donovan McNabb for Rex Grossman ?!! Really ?! Mr. Shanahan , you are completely devoid of class or any intelligence whatsoever ! Can't wait to see the Cowboys completely destroy your team on Sunday ! 
Just watched ' Bones ' .... sorta happy ... sorta feel ... well , I don't want to ruin it for anyone who hasn't watched it yet but wants to . 
WTF !!! The Potsdam site is down !!!! >:( I needed to check my bearmail and access a source from JSTOR for my paper due MONDAY through the site !!! Thanks a whole frickin ' lot Potsdam >:( 
Syracuse is #5 in the Power Rankings according to ESPN.com! ! :D 
Yahoo !! Grades are in ! I got a gpa of 3.80 !! Yet my cumulative gpa only went up . 04 from a 3.51 to a 3.55 :P I haven't gotten any lower than a 3.68 since summer of 09 and yet my sophmore year continues to haunt me :/ 
Oh well , I'll take what I can get :) Christmas vacation has now officially begun ! :D 
Merry Christmas everyone !!! :D 
WOOOO !!! Great job ' Cuse !!! Way to end the season with such an exciting win !!! You should all be very proud !!! I know all your fans are !!! 
( side note : the excessive celebration penalty for Kansas State was B . S ... I kinda feel sorry for him ) 
12:00 A.M. Roommate : Oh don't worry , you'll be done with your work soon 
Me : * rolls eyes * 
2:50 A.M. Roommate : * zzzzzz .... * 
Me : Good , done for the night ... :P 
AHHH !!!! :D Just got my grade for my final draft of my senior seminar paper !!! A 94 !!!! :D Got a 3.7 overall in the class !!! :D 
The streak is over ! Brett Favre isn't starting tonight ! It ends at 297 ... kind of makes me a little sad . :/ 
Ugh .. once again just like in high school I tended to be by myself or just with by best friend .. and now I wish I had done more . things get busy and I hate when I am part of a group and then not show up for a few weeks and I feel guilty so I don't show up at all ! arg ! and this semester has been too busy to even think about participating in clubs . It makes me sad ... :( 
Just found out my grade for the rough draft of my senior seminar paper ! An 85 !!!!! Now I just have the meeting and presentation * shiver * and then the final draft ! Woohoo !!!! :D :D :D 
Great job today Syracuse !! Especially Fab Melo ! Great job young man , glad to see you do so well ! Keep it up !! Also , Chris Joseph , sorry to hear about your injury , hope you get better soon ! 
Whew ... paper is done , bibliography is done , studying for Soci exam done ... now I just need to clean up the room for break ! Well , that is what an ipod if for , to keep me going ! :D 
" I cherish the memories of a question my grandson asked me the other day when he said , ' Grandpa , were you a hero in the war ? ' Grandpa said ' No but I served in a company of heroes . ” 
Rest in Peace Major Winters a true American hero . Jan 21 , 1918-Jan 2 , 2011 
Yeah Green Bay !!! 21-10 at the half !!! Keep it up Packers !!!! :D 
WOOOO !!!!! Great job Green Bay !!!! :D :D :D 
Can't sleep , feel anxious for some reason .... :( 
WFT Syracuse ? 0-19 to start and then after you fouht your way back into it you made so many stupid mistakes ! Break aways are supposed to equal easy shots for us , NOT an expo of dumb trick shots and easy points for Pitt !!! Come on guys you're lots better than you showed tonight !!! Get better soon Chris Joseph , we really need you back !!! 
My mom has made me laugh ... Wiped my tears ... Hugged me tight ... Watched me succeed ... Seen me fall ... Cheered me on ... Kept me going strong .... And ... Drove me a little crazy at times ... But mom's are a promise from God that you will have a friend forever ! Put this on your status if you had or have a wonderful mom whom you love .. and wouldn't trade her for anything !! Love you MOM !! 
WOOOOOO CUSE !!!!!!!! PERFECT GAME !!!! I can sense a new #1 in the rankings BABY !!!!!! 
Yay ! Article for Pykles is done ! That took a LONG time !!!!! Now on to studying for Downing's test .... tomorrow is going to be tough ... I'm not tired now , but sure as hell will be later today ... thank God for Amp drinks :) 
Oh , and get well Onuaku ! We need you big guy !! <3 
' Cuse has a #1 seed ! Don't care that Duke is ahead of us overall , just glad for the seed ... slightly nervous about the matchup tho ... Vermont has beaten us in the first round before ... but it won't happen if you guys play like the champions you are , you should do fine !!!!!! Good luck you guys :) 
just got done with h.w. and just quickly glanced on msn.com and was immediately confronted with how a good night's sleep is essential for health reasons .... it sems like they are talking right to me , geeze today is gonna suck .... I am so tired .... if midterms weren't so close I would be tempted to sleep the day away .... oh , a girl can dream can't she ? ;) Off to bed now !!! 
