do i download Plants v Zombies from Popcap ... hmmm ... 
Sean has just broken the cat litter box .... 
Time for bed said Zebedee .... 
K'Zinti has discovered lizards and earthworms ... 
The Monster is loose .... 
Sean just ate a whole box of malteasers ! 
Night night ... 
Needs beauty sleep , is off to bed very shortly ... 
The Kings Speech .... awesome film , a must watch ! :) 
Sean's making me watch Groundhog Day .... again ! 
So , off to bed - busy day tomorrow ! :) Sweet dreams all . xx 
Is very tired after a fantastic day trooping so is off to beddy byes ! :) 
My head hurts ... :( 
I was going to do something but i'm damned if i can remember what ! 
Time to take the monster child to bed ... :) 
Nicholas Angel : With respect , sir , you can't just make people disappear . 
Chief Inspector : Yes I can , I'm the Chief Inspector . 
The monster's loose 
And now you know the truth 
Tell me can you feel it 
As you hit the wall 

And now you have to choose 
And prove that you can take it 
To the top and never fall 
You've lost your last excuse 
Now show me that you got it 
Even when you fall 
This game is win or loose 
Sometimes you gotta ' do it 
And show the world you want it all 
I've lived a thousand years in darkness 
Banished all alone 
Inside my mind with just my madness 
Behind these walls of stone 
I was falling apart at the seams 
Holding my breath just to breathe 
I tasted the sting of my tears 
I was waking up stuck in a dream 
Ran out of air , couldn't screamed 
Wasted away by my fears 
I've paid for all my mistakes 
Taking all I can take 
Until I'm ready to break 
I'm feeling vicious 
And so outrageous 
It breaks us 
I'm leaving 
Still breathing 
I'm tearing through these chains 
And as you know the truth 
I'm angry ( I'm angry ) 
I'm raging ( I'm raging ) 
I'm breaking through the pain 
The monsters loose 
And prove you can take it 
To the top before you fall 
I've walked a slippery road 
Felt a twitch in my soul 
Through the wind and the cold 
With no protection 
Just one direction 
Destruction 
I've been living my life in a cage 
Freedom spits in my face 
It was such a disgrace 
And I was lonely 
And feeling empty 
Desperate 
I had my head in a noose 
I had nothing to loose 
Had enough of abuse 
And now I'm dangerous 
Hateful , contagious 
It haunts us 
The Monster is Loose ... 
England try at last !!! Shambles of a match !!! 
Rob , ( Sifo Dyas ) no offence but please stop sending me links for The Novare Alliance - trying to poach members from a group you belong to in order to create your own is a banning offence in any decent group ! It's especially daft when you're trying to poach founder members and members of the admin team . Are you doing this with all the groups you belong to ? Not very nice to betray peoples trust in you ! :( 
is watching Bad Boys ... :) 
Watching Hot Shots ... 
marathon soak in the bath , jacket potato with cheese and beans and waiting to get my wonderful hubby back from Mem ... :) 
Has a cool new zombie t shirt - thanks darlin ' . xxx 
is tired ... 
has a rather spiffy Arkham Asylum Hoodie .... :) 
is going to find out what the kitten just trashed ... 
... time to pay the bills ... :( 
The Devil Child doesn't like bubbles , she runs away ! Finally something the little monster is ' scared ' of ! : 
Look at ' em . They're cattle ; pieces of meat . What difference does it make how their world ends ? Plague ... war ... famine . Morality doesn't even enter into it . We're just a function of natural selection , man . 
Needs to seriously think about re-making the Wok ... 
So what now ? 
' The reason I ask you rather than Sean is that we all know who the boss really is .... and who makes all of the executive decisions . ' Correct ! :) Straight to the top of my Christmas card list ! xx 
Is watching the pilot episode of Star Trek - truly dreadful ! lol 
Has been cooking up gelatin for prosthetics ... 
is it bedtime yet ? 
" It's not the destination , so much as the journey . " 
is wondering if i should bake chocolate cakes for 3Darths on Sunday ? 
apparently the M11 has been closed off ' somewhere ' hope all the guys got to 3darths ok ! :) 
New feather flights added to spear ( with ' help ' from the kitten ) - need to sew a couple of holes up and then all ready for 3Darths tomorrow ! :) 
Is watching Logans Run :) 
time to box up the cakes , dig out my crew shirt and go night nights ready for 3Darths tomorrow ! :) 
is stiching a shoulder strap for a machine gun ! :) 
Food and drink all sorted for my boys at Chevron . :) 
Boys packed up and on their way to Chevron . :) 
has reclaimed the greenhouse ! :) 
missing my hubby ! xx 
Boys home from Chevron , fed watered and watching the F1 that was recorded . :) 
Just put an awesome troop at Colchester Zoo on the SW forums - get signed up peeps ! :) 
looking for a pic of the Star Gate that could be used for a pendant ... can anyone help ? 
Have been to lunch at Aroma with my lovely boys - now doing a very good impression of a slightly deflated beach ball ! :) 
Have been out of touch for the past week or so , sorry if i've missed anything that i should have responded to ! xx 
Cats are poetry in motion . Dogs are gibberish in neutral . - Garfield . 
so tired ... has been an intense day ! 
Morticia : Wednesday's at that very special age when a girl has only one thing on her mind . 
Ellen : Boys ? 
Wednesday : Homicide . 
wonders whether to ' do ' the Ori Prior for one of the days @ LFCC ... 
2l of ribena made up and in the fridge , 12 cups of orange squash / ribena in freezer ... drinks ready for trooping tomorrow ... just need to remember to get them out in the morning ! lol 
Anyone know a vet that treats ewoks ? 
drugs , bed , more drugs ... i hate being ill , there's too much to do ... :( 
Too ill to troop at Colchester Zoos ' Dream Night - gutted ! :( 
is wondering whether to carve the chicken or carve the kitten ? .... hmmmmm ... roast kitten anyone ? 
Back at work after a week off sick and soooooooo tired ! 
Time for an early bed ... 
How to catch mice in the garden the K'Zinti way : 
Find mice smell ... 
Follow smell to vicinity of mouse burrow ... 
Sit patiently and wait for mouse to emerge ? No ! Dig ' em out ! 
Thank you darling Sean Connor and Nici Chapman of Goblin Dreams for my lovely Dragonfly and Stargate pendants - they're awesome ! :) xx 
early bed ! :) Night night , sweet dreams . :) 
It's too humid and i have to go to Sainsbury's! Boo hoo 
Hanging out the washing ... 
Still can't kick this lousy cold/itis/bronchial thing , so tired !!! :( Watching The Plan - i want a Cylon as a pet ... the metal kind ! :) 
is organising the summer BBQ :) 
What we need is more milk of human kindness in the cream of society . 
Gutted ... dead car = no troop and no Build-a-Bear . :( * sob * 
All 245 pics are now up on photobucket , and the Star Warriors Forums - i'll post some up on here tomorrow . :) 
Mafia Wars isn't working so i'm gonna do hubbys lunch ready for tomorrow and then go to bed ! :) 
Welcome to the weekend , yaaaay ! :) 
I am sooo tired and i ache so much after yesterday ! lol 
Great time yesterday , can't believe we didn't get home until 3am !!!! lol :) 
They say true friends go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . These friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday regardless of how long it has been or how far they live and they don't hold grudges . They understand life is busy but you will always love them . Re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends . I am privileged to say that I do ! 
Due to unavoidable personal circumstances a friend of mine needs to re-home their dog . 
Ben is a 2 year old black and white Border Collie - he has been neutered , is house trained and very well behaved , although he is also ' mad as a box of frogs'! He is a really lovely chap who's used to children ( although he can be bit boisterous ) he has grown up with cats but still chases them ! 
Soon be Christmas ... did all my pressie shopping online ... all now waiting for delivery at various depots and delayed because of the snow !!! lol 
my mobbie is fracked - if you're texting me i can't get the texts so call on the landline or call Sean ! :) I am not ignoring you ! lol 
Has had a long day and is off to bed .... :) 
Is knackered after stealing policemens hats and anything else that wasn't nailed down - i tried to steal an SA80 but my axe wouldn't chop through the steel chain ! :) Another awesome day out with some of the best guys on the planet ! Thanks guys . xx 
Is having one of Dan and Nats kittens - thanks Sean , i love you ! xxx 
F1 on the telly ... would rather be watching Survival of the Dead on DVD ! 
Is still gutted - am taking Pickle cat and going to bed ... * stamps feet and slams door * 
Shattered after a weekend trooping . Great time at 3Darths ! :) 
Watching the Crazies ... 
Right off to bye byes - early start tomorrow . At least 350 new jobs !!! 
Let us believe neither half of the good people tell us of ourselves , nor half of the evil they say of others . 
J . Petit Senn 
Blackberries are black so why aren't rasberries called redberries ???? 
Crackin ' day Gromit ! Proud to know Bart and the guys from the A127mcc , the A127diner and the Goldwing owners club ! Thanks for the ride and the drumkit ! :) Over £1000 raised today - you rock ! 
3Darths tomorrow - gonna torment some Scout Troopers :) 
Is waiting for Avis to come collect the hire car ... 
Have been to Sainsburys and bought so much dead animal it's untrue , have Ocado delivery coming tomorrow ... let the party begin ! :) 
K Day - 1 .... :) 
Is going out ' Woking ' tomorrow and will be stealing policemens helmets given half a chance ! :) 
Twinkle , twinkle little star , 
How I wonder what you are ? 
Are you a star twinkling bright ? 
Or just another bloody satellite 
We went to the zoo today ! :) 
Desperately looking for an outfit to go with my lovely bright yellow shows for Steve and Elaine's wedding in two weeks time - yellow is not this seasons colour , heeeeeeeeelp !!! 
What light ? I'm still looking for the tunnel ! 
I put washing out and now it's raining , pooh ! 
1 nil to England in the first 4 minutes ... 
It's cold outside , there's no kind of atmosphere 
I'm all alone , more or less ... 
Bed .... !!!! 
Yesterday is experience , tomorrow is hope ... today is getting from one to the other . 
Put my washing out and now it's raining , pooh ! I'm going to bed ! 
finally got all pics up on photobucket ! Now i'm going to bed ... zzzz :) 
Where has the weekend gone ????? 
where is the week going ???? 
Dreadful , truly dreadful ! What an awful match . :( 
Apologies , not around much at the mo - my laptop is poorly sick :( If anyone is IT geeky and knows about PCI conflicts ( damn thing keeps shutting down ! ) please please help ... contact me via Sean ! :) Ta everso ... 
Is feeling very Tom and Dick and doesn't like it ! :( 
OMG , what a stunning weekend ! SW raised just over £600 for APEC and had a fantastic time . I now have over 250 photos to get posted up .... :) 
When all the trees have been cut down , 
when all the animals have been hunted , 
when all the waters are polluted , 
when all the air is unsafe to breathe , 
only then will you discover you cannot eat money . 
Cree Prophecy 
Pickle Cat has her own page ! :) 
Is off to bed , will try to catch up with everyone / everything i've missed over the next few days . :) 
Off to LFCC ... Yaaaaaaaaay !!! 
is off to get some beauty sleep ... 
Life is easier than you think -- all you have to do is this : Accept the impossible , do without the indispensable , bear the intolerable , and be able to smile at anything . 
Bed time - now the idiot highways agency have finished drilling the steel barrier outside the house !!!!! Grrrrrrrr ! 
Night night ... xx 
Ready for my trike ride tomorrow ! :) Ewok's roole ! lol 
K'Zinti off to the vets tomorrow :( Only to be spayed - but still hate it . 
Wants the Hugmaster to come and play on Saturday - but don't mention HIM ! :) 
Needs some beauty sleep ... :) 
Has put underpants on head , pencils up nose and is saying * wibble ! * 
Getting ready for LFCC , Woo hoo ! :) 
Bed now , my feet still hurt from wearing ridiculously high heels on Saturday ... 
Time for bye byes - night night all , sweet dreams ! :) 
All is ready , bring on the horde ... lol 
is playing with excel ... 
painting nails and typing just don't seem to go together ! How frustrating . lol 
The reward for work well done is the opportunity to do more . :) 
Has to be up at 6am ... yeuch ! Time for bed said Zebedee ... f*ck off said Florence who was in a thorougly bad mood ! 
Has just broken a nail and is going to bed ! 
Had a wonderful day at Camden Market with Sam , Gary , Pete , Stephie and Sean and a lovely day yesterday with Terry and Sean . Thank you all for making my birthday weekend so great and for all my pressies ! :) xx 
thanks everyone for the BD wishes - now i need help to name my kitten . What shall i call her ? 
Have bought paint to give the Ewok a makeover - just need a nice warm evening this week ... :) 
Bed .... 
Waiting for Ocado to deliver my shopping ... 
Trying to upload pics to fb .... why is it so flamin ' difficult ? I keep creating the album but does it show ? Does it heck as like ! Sheesh ! 
I now have a new phone , but all my numbers were saved on the old phone that's frelled ! So ... please can everyone pm or text me their numbers . Thankus muchus . :) 
K Day - 3 !!! :) 
Just signed up for 3 Darths - woohoo Ewok madness , bring it on ! :) 
Ok , who snuk off to the greenhouse with the profiteroles ( Mr Hailes ! ) I found the plate in there ! ;p 
That light at the end of the tunnel aint no light ! It's the headlamps on a high speed train ! 
Back to work tomorrow , keep the cats in the style to which they've become accustomed ! :) 
Saw the first snowdrop today ... :) 
So burning copies of the Koran is a good way to remember the poor souls that died in terrorist attacks ? I bet they're turning in their graves ! It is wrong to burn a Holy book , any Holy book ! Heck it's wrong to burn books period !!!! No true man ( or woman ) of God would encourage such a thing - this so called Pastor needs a reality check ! 
I have flu , feel crap ! :( 
Very large latte , rubish tv and bed ! :) 
Sleep ... 
" I'm mean , nasty and tired . I eat concertina wire and piss napalm , and I can put a round trough a flea's ass at 200 meters . So you go hump somebody else's leg , mudface , before I push yours in . " 
K Day - 2 , nearly there ! :) 
It's raining again ! Sucks !!! 
Has nice new shiny laptop from Santa sean :) - why is it NOTHING is compatible with windows 7 ????? 
Need to do my banking but flamin Barclays website isn't responding !!!!! Grrrrrrrr how can i spend money wheb i don't even know if i have any ???? * sigh * 
wants somewhere to go to wear her fab new bright yellow shoes ! 
Still coughing and soooooooooo tired but on the upside i'm getting bored so i must be getting better - back to work tomorrow ! :) 
Is very lucky to have my wonderful husband and such fantastic friends ! :) 
My laptop is broken but on the bright side we are having a ' Beach Party ' day at work and i'm eating lovely chinese for lunch , yummy ! Thanks Boss ! 
Happy Christmas Eve everyone , Santa will soon be on his way ! :) 
Happy New Year !!!!!! Love to all . xx 
Up at 7.30 ready for shopping to be delivered between 8 and 9 ... wrong day , it's coming tomorrow ! D'oh! 
Now that it's all over , what did you really do yesterday that's worth mentioning ? ~ Coleman Cox 
One day , someone showed me a glass of water that was half full . And he said , " Is it half full or half empty ? " So I drank the water . No more problem . ~ Alexander Jodorowsky 
