happy solstice bitches 
im learning excel on the fly as im writing a whole new inventory and accounting spreadsheet , 
im so glad christmas is over and i can go back to work , i was really thinkin about stabing my step father , hes a prick and i hope he dies soon 
personally i dont carefor this whole christmas thing , its not that im bitter or that much of an asshole . as an athiest i simply choose not to celabrate a holiday based on a religion 
time for a drastic change . steps are for pussys , leaps make shit happen , fear of the unknown , yes . but determination shall prevail . 
plotting and sceaming , as usuall 
kicking , screaming , running , moving , pushing , cant stop 
. 
I just got some bad news , I should be sad , but it reminds me of why I have this new mindset . I've let my whole life pass by why I have been waiting , not any more , its time to piss some people off , shake things up , and generally do what I would not have done 
why ? 
shake something up today , tell someone something they dont want to here 
freedom 
jsut helped a good friend make a leap , he has a few more steps to take , but he's ready 
reality makes no matter today 
oh , i think im ready to fuck shit up , piss some people off and get my way , it that selfish , i dont care 
never give up 
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
Go to " urbandictionary.com " and look up your first name . Copy this in your status and what Urban Dictionary says about your name in the first comment . 
owww , i needed that finger 
why is it that when everything seems its worst , everything is falling apart , nothing is going right , i am at my calmest point . 
whats your favorite movie 
i just got called a cum guzzling gutter slut , what do you say to that 
this weathers great , i wanna be outside 
urbandictionary , ha , go look up my name , funny shit 
ya know , if you look at the word frustration just right , you'll see the fun in it 
ive decided my life is a comic book , what should we call it ? 
hells yea my own place again , no more roommates , someone loan my a shovel , and some bleach 
fresh starts , going home , picking my knives back up 
sleep deprivation does not make for a productive day of packing 
I wanna make some thai food . 
Good morning peoples , I'm feelin a good day 
C'est la vie 
I love being a trouble maker 
Seeing why they call them Massholes 
Spun 
" Shake off all the fears of servile prejudices , under which weak minds are servilely crouched . Fix reason firmly in her seat , and call on her tribunal for every fact , every opinion . Question with boldness even the existence of a God ; because , if there be one , he must more approve of the homage of reason than that of blindfolded fear . " -Thomas Jefferson 
interestingly distracted 
Think happy thoughts . 
I finally quit smoking , I haven't had one since tuesday afternoon . I feel special 
Damnit 
so I'm gonna call it , Drive By Catering 
11 hours straight on a cook line , talk'n shit , cooking , firing , screamin at servers , then just walk away and let the other guy clean it . Yea , I know its a bit fucked up , but it was butters turn and he can have it , I'm out . 
The moment you say " good enough " , is the moment you begin to fail . 
This sucks 
yes . no . yes . no . yes . no . fuck it . do it 
Hello world , let's have today be a great one . 
Back to it . 
Its hot . The AC sucks . I'm standing on a hot ass cookline . I want to punch the jackass that invented chef coats . And fuck this goddamn hat too . 
Bright , shiny new day . Fixed another one of those burnt bridges . Just a little while longer ..... 
chocolate bunnies ? no , how about chocolate blunts , much better . happy chocolate blunt day 
Great day for a hangover . 
don't let yourself be a product of your enviroment . let your enviroment be a product of you 
Snow , I like . Soaking wet slush , suck's balls 
insomnia sucks 
todays been good , I was talking to someone earlier who I haven't seen in way to long . they said they missed the shit out of me , might sound lame to you , but its kept a smile on my face all day . 
http://cng.usatoday.mlogic3g.com/Offbeat/1642588/;jsessionid=96105A1476CF45912D069A4467581B80.wap1 
I'm looking for a certain type of fellowship , not necessarily a religion , religions are flawed and fallible . Every religion believes in faith and goodwill , all have different ways of conveying this , but the idea is the same . So my question is , does anyone know of a group that observes no particular religion but studies the ideals of all . 
Creating menus , writting recipes , planning insanity . I love this shit . 
sssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss 
its a good day for a hangover 
the twenty year old children amuse me so . the ignorance they exude keeps me laughing , they say its wrong to laugh at the weak , but what about the dumb , can we laugh at them with clear conscience . I hope so , because I plan on doing it a lot in the days to follow . 
gonna have to be a dick for a moment , don't wanna , but I gotta 
I'm feeling like a trouble maker today 
wow , I'm having macon county flashbacks , I just went in a store and left my car unlocked , windows down , keys in the ignition and laptop on the passenger seat . I'm a lucky bastered . 
I have 32 gigs of music and nothing to listen to , I think I'm to picky 
What if chocolate could get you high ? 
Time for a move . Thinking west . Just not sure how far west . 
white t-shirts and rainy days , its the little things that make me smile . 
Hey , what's pink , bubbly and scratches on the glass ? 
Lemonaid sucks 
The end is near . 
what's the most offensively named shot you've ever heard of . let's see what you got 
Goodnight , Good morning , whatever . Been a damn fine day , great evening , and should be yet another good one on its way . 
happy 4:20 boys and girls 
Rebuilding burnt bridges . 
having a hard time deciding what dream to chase , afraid my indecisiveness will keep me from achiving any . 
ploting and sceaming , another fun tuesday 
just when it seems figured out , a god damned fork in the road . what ta do 
can't wait to get out of work . gratuitous drinking to follow , my livers already trembling . 
damn its nice . I'm going to the beach 
feeling light hearted and easy with my emotions . for a good reason 
Kill you Eor 
Today Rocks 
lipsvash mi 
were are you fuckers at 
Duck , meet grinder . hehehe 
drunken facebook comments . yea someone's gonna be pissed at me tomorrow . happy cinco de whatever , birthday , finals , fucking happy wednesday bitches . Celebrate something , why not celebrate the act of celebrating . What else ya got to do . 
virginia sucks 
I do so very much love anyone who has the blood of a restaurant coursing through them . if anything is said its the stamina , our insane schedules , and our mild mannered way of laughing at a hangover . shits just funny and I laugh at anyone who doesn't understand . 
Hells yes . When it all comes together , holy shit does it ever . Kick down everything in your way and all the suddon all these amazing doors begin to open . I get to start living again very soon . 
oh yea , if you dont have it yet my new number is 289-6567 
Can't sleep . Looking for trouble 
so close , so damn close . it won't be much longer 
I really hate my phone 
So damn close . Its almost there 
its going to be a good day 
I have waited for way to long for tomarrow . It's do or die on culinary school , if I can get in , my future will be teaching at this culinary school . If not then its on to the next dream . 
yyeeeeaaaaaaa . beer 
Today won't be fun , unfortunately a bit of a scared day . But there's always tomorrow . 
Not useing 5137773 anymore , don't call it , its off . I'll post a new number in a while 
I just learned a new word , ubuntu , its a standard everyone should aspire to 
I think I'm losing it , I've been hearing fireworks for about 20 minutes now , they sound close yet I'm walking around and can find them , and why the hell would they be lighting them today , did I forget another holiday 
now where's your fucking martini . 
people here are such fucking assholes , I can't wait to leave this fucking town and be back were people know how to act 
gotta find a kaffir lime tree 
... and here we go . 
thinking about a huge change 
eat shit , reason and logic . I dont care how wrong you say it is . I'm doin it anyway . 
Need some taleggio cheese 
its like they don't understand that making things happen is more important than simple recognition 
I wanna make a cheese cake . 
ok , I got it now 
closed , yet still open . confusion 
Cynicism is the easy way out , and it helps no one in the end . It's way too easy to grouch about how hard life is now , but when was it ever easy ? 
good or bad , cherish every moment . 
I dont want to work in restaurants anymore . 
This year sucked , may we have another please 
walking 
only half 
Forward 
Its about damn time . Good things comming 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
damnit , Im to motivated , Im supposed to be a slacker . I need some pot 
Just watched The Human Centipede . Lame , very lame . 
Keep pushing . 
Fucking ecstatic 
Wasn't me . 
its going to be fine 
Oh , did I upset you ? Did my progress stir your empty little world ? Did I make you mad ? Good , Fuck You ! Kick rocks bitch , go find someware else to be a lump of worthless shit . 
Head down , eyes up . Sneaky sneaky . 
I want to learn how to make butcher block . Anyone with any knowledge about it hit me up . 
Boiling over with optimism and enthusiasm , foolishly over-confident and phycoticly productive . I cant wait to see whats next . 
AAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Oh you have no idea how bad I want to . 
ask me anything about food . 
two days straight working around the house , gotta get ready for work in about 3 hours . And I just remembered I have laundry to do . Damnit 
Asshole 
The clutch is sweet now and it shifts like a dream . 
well what is it then 
THE MOON IS RED . Dont care why , that's just awsome 
running in circles , running in circles , running in circles 
This is really going to suck . Get off my back you damn monkey . 
Dont you hate those moments of blind stupidity . 
Someone's not gonna like me tomarrow . Sorry , but its time to stir some shit . 
Been feeling extra perverted today , for some reason I've wanted to spank every female I've seen . 
I would have to say July 4th is the most redneck of all holidays , we take off work , travel to be close to family , throw partys , all so we can get drunk and blow shit up . America , land of the free and home of the rednecks . 
Reality is a big , mean , nasty dragon . And I dont believe in dragons . 
What if ? 
bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla , bla bla bla . bla bla bla bla bla ? 
What to do today ? 
Retarded grin , check . Lack of greif for all my troubles , check . Another good day . 
Sun's shining , the air is warn , what a good day to run around the beach half naked . 
when life gives you lemons , make lemon sorbet , lemon mint compote , blueberry lemon smoothies , morrocan preserved lemons , lemon pepper chicken . Just dont crap out and make lemonaid , shits weak . 
Love me some Portishead . 
Karma's gonna get cha 
Lamb shanks 
Habenaro , blueberry , allspice , ginger , lemon , pomegranete vinegar , sierra nevada pale ale 
Today's gonna be great . And by great I mean evil . 
Boring ass , slow Monday . I hate it . Were is the rush ? 
I want 30 tickets hanging , every burner raging , ovens packed and a 2 hour wait . No more plates , no more bowls , DISH PICKUP . Sever's screaming , everyone sweating . 
CHAOS . 
That's my happy place . 
Amber Shehan is my dad . www.kitchennerd.wordpress.com 
Let go of a grievance a bit and see what comes next . You might decide to let go of a lot more ! 
push 
Someone is seriously about to get fucking stabbed . 
I just had an epiphany , or maybe it's just gas . I'll get back to you . 
Black pepper icecream , gingered mango tempura and carmelized 5-spice brittle . Sounds wack doesn't it ? 
Such a fucking prick , just so damn evil 
habanaro , blueberry and allspice 
No mas . 
This is not my week . This is not my year . I can only laugh at the sound of the compressor filling my flat tire . I'm done bitching and moaning , not gonna get me down anymore . I only have one thing to say . Zen , motherfucking zen . 
I'd rather be sitting on sunset rock . 
I need to move . This place is dumb . 
Come on Sun , where you at 
I've never cared much for mondays . Really they kinda suck . Fuck mondays . 
Tonight I get to play taxi for The Grim Reaper , Satan and a Dragon . Halloween rocks . 
Did you know 34 million Christmas trees will be cut down this year , only to be thrown in away in a few weeks . 
I'd rather be making dim sum . 
Time to re-access , cut a few losses and move on . 
:) 
Never stop digging , never stop asking , never stop moving forward . 
Tell the truth . If you were in Tijuana , drunk or not and you found one . Would you check out the Donkey Show ? 
Two more evil deeds to go and I just might retire the pitchfork . 
Rather than live life , I choose to attack it . 
Today has been a fucked up day . 
Round and round and round I go , where I stop , who the fuck knows 
I really want a cigarette . 
Just realized how much I havent been following my own advice . If there is something you want , go get it . dont wait for it , dont make excuses . Go take whats yours . 
Soup ? Whats your favorite kind ? 
Keep your friends amused and your enemys confused . 
Never fear change , never be afraid to walk away and never be scared to start over . 
And the story just got good , really really good . 
Off to play with fire and sharp knives . 
Happy Friday boys and girls . 
hehehe 
zen 
Delirious wandering through the memories of my reality , sitting on the cusp of a change thats been to long comming . 
Evil Bastard . 
Well Damnit . 
And a good day it was 
I enjoy being obscure . 
This has been such a great week and its not even over yet . 
Off to work with a big stupid grin . 
Damn what a nice day . I'm so glad I don't have to work . I don't care what I do today as long as it involves the sunshine and a cool breeze . 
Plotting .... 
Letting go .... Trying to move on . 
Heavy flooding , 70 mile an hour winds , tornadoes , rain and if were lucky even a little hail . Today's gonna rock . I love when the weather lays a giant smack down . 
The Zombies are coming . 
Can't find the words ; where the hell did I put them ? 
Nothing but jumbled crazy speak . 
Trudge ..... 
How about , Pumpkin bread stuffing with homemade duck sausage , dried cranberry and pecans 
What cha makin ? 
It's great to see all the cartoons . Interesting view of you all . 
Saw it coming , should have bet on it . 
The moon is bright and the fog is think . There's a creepiness tonight . 
I like it . 
Let it go . 
Damnit . I just remembered I have to be at work at 8 in the morning . 
Just walk away ....... 
North 
Some people are just so damn amusing . 
My Favorite Holiday is coming . 
Got a friend who should be having a birthday today . Really awesome guy . You don't meet very many like him . 
AAAHHHHH !!!!! It's snowing . 
FUCK .... I'm 30 . 
Looking for trouble . :) 
Bubble gum flavored white chocolate truffles ? 
Very frustrated . 
The theme of today seems to be , Playing with the Idiot . 
Thinking about soy sauce and miso paste . 
It's a good day for fish sauce and mint . 
Here piggy piggy , do I look suspicious tonight 
Ok , fine . So I'm officially sick . Now I just have to fine a nice warm hole to crawl in a die for the next few days . 
Oh look , it's snowing . 
Frankly my dear , I just don't give a damn . 
Sucks to be you guys 
I'm feeling rather evil . 
I wish I had snow tires . 
Yet another bump in the road , a very annoying one to say the least . I wont bitch , whine or complain . I'll just do what I do , push harder , work harder and not even think of giving up . I will say , to two Norfolk police officers , two Virgina Beach police officers and one pathetic rent-a-cop . Gentlemen , kindly kiss my fucking ass . 
Someone just asked me if I considered myself to be a good person . I think it really fucked them up when I answered no , I said I was a pretty dispicable person . I do wonder what the point they were trying to make was . 
The ruler is buried , over 12 inch's of snow . Oh yea and it's still snowing . 
do a google image search on the number 241543903 . 
I shall remain young . Until I'm 60 , at which time I will concede that I am old and thus shall chase kids off my lawn with a cane in my hand . 
Head full of those days . 
Haha , you puked . 
I wonder whats next . 
Mounting a set of new tires in the morning , new brakes going on Saturday . Oh look , I'll be ready for a drive to the mountains . 
Brakes . 
Oh shit , you go there and you go there . It works now . 
Be an asshole or be a chump ? Let me see ... Asshole wins , sorry honey , should have heard that one from you . He can get it . 
Rookies . 
Time for a bit of spring cleaning . Time to shake things up a bit , shake off some of this hazy bullshit . 
It's a beautiful day for bridgeburning . Now were the hell are my match's ? 
DAMN IT 
About to crack . 
Holy shit ! When I turn the wheel , the wheels turn and when the wheels turn , the wheel turns . I can finally stay in my lane . 
So my phone decided to try out for the dive team ... It didn't make it . 
Wish you were here 
Some people are like a slinky ... Not really good for anything but you can't help but smile when you see them tumble down the stairs . 
In the pines , in the pines , 
Where the sun don't ever shine . 
I would shiver the whole night through . 
HOLY FUCK 
Never forget what you'll leave behind . 
I need an old van and a " Free Puppies " sign 
Wake up fucker . Your families pissing me off and I'm gonna go make a scene . 
I finally got a phone again , how about sending me a text , cause i got no numbers . 757.679.2343 
Closing one more chapter and getting one step closer 
My horoscope made rocks today . 
The term ' creative type ' doesn't even begin to do you justice , you know . You are more of an ' incredibly productive super generative creative type . ' You take every bit of raw material the world throws at you -- paints , paper , digital tools , happiness , pastels , sadness , tragedy , comedy , mud , clay , rock -- and you make it sing . This is a real gift -- don't forget to be grateful for it . 
I don't need my knives , I wont use them anymore . I put down the tongs and burnt the coats . The fire is out , the recipes ...... Well I'll hang on to those . 
From this moment forward , don't ever again call me a Chef . 
But I don't wanna go to court . 
Horrible day to be at work , just horrible . 
Green light . 
Oh , I'm gonna get cha 
I wanna be in the woods 
It's gonna be an " angry dragon " sort of day , I can already tell . 
Hmmm . Doesn't set well . Doesn't seem right . I don't buy it . 
And poof . Just like that he was gone . 
is walking funny this morning , I just got bent over and raped by a gas pump . 
Coming to the realization that I just might be closer to home than I thought . 
q 
In the mood to play with a little fire . 
something new to build 
man , talk about feeling good about something . It's that time of year again up at smoothie when we are raising money for camp sunshine . from 4 to 10 this evening I managed to solicit 120 in donations . Not to bad for day one . Our goal is 4000 by June 17th . This all benefits children with terminal illnesses . Anybody wanting to get in on it , hit me up . 
knives up ..... 
The Rapture cometh , or something like that . So 3 million of the most devoted Christians are supposed to be called up tomorrow and poof out of existence from this world ..... Fuckin SWEET . 
so my nephews says " if I would just half-ass it I would already be done " . so cute . 
Fly away silly christians , bu-bye now . 
is it rapture time yet ? I still see christians . come get um already , fuck their annoying . goddamnit . 
So less than two hours till the rapture . Wait a minute , did anybody check to see if god observes daylight saving time ? Somebody check that shit out and what about leap year ? this whole thing could be fucked up . 
wait , what happened to the rapture . I guess he forgot to carry the one . 
So , all my antics regarding this whole rapture , imaginary cloud king's tractor beam of christain suck thing has provoked one of you to send me a pretty stern letter about where I might end up in the afterlife . Well , let's pretend for a moment that I'm not athiest and I do believe in your mythology . I have no interest in going someware so boring they don't even have hookers , or blow , no booze or porn . Um , yea , no . 
Agave Nectar and Cashew Crusted Salmon , Hot Smoked over Ceder and Alderwood . Prickly Pear and Jalapeno Slaw . Steamed Rice mingled with fresh Cilantro leaves and a bit of Yerba Buena . Chipotle Masa Harina Corn Bread for good measure . 
Shoot your TV , watch life instead . 
That wasn't easy 
This tremendous weight just fell off my back . Now I'm ready to get some shit done . 
Can you laugh at yourself ? 
awww shit . guess who's back . time to toss around a little heat . damn , I got a menu to write . 
A mad man , running around with a knife in one hand , ball of fire in the other . screaming at six people and making the servers cry . nails full of dough and pockets full of spoons . plating love and serving delight . I can't wait . 
Such a prick 
Can't sleep , tomorrow could change a lot of things . Or change nothing . 
Packing my bag of tricks . Feeling a lot more calm now . 
Respond asshole . I hate suspense , plus I got shit to do . 
Put off for just a little while longer . But it's ok , instead of being put on the spot , I get a chance to work side by side and show what I got . And a few more days to get my headfeet limbered up . 
any of you guys ever rebuild a trasmission ? 
I need to find some trouble to get into . 
Hooray Benadryl , the breakfast of .... Goodnight . 
So I just got schooled by one hell of a mechanic . Can't understand a word he says , but he can fly . 
Don't be hot today , don't be hot today , don't be hot today . 
and I was worried . ha . 
sure does suck when you speek to soon . 
I don't care what cha say , I loves me some triple digit weather . bitches be runnin around with their tittie's all hangin out , little bootie shorts . Man , what good day to be a pervert . 
OH FUCK YEA . 
In the mood for a good old fashioned pissing contest . Or Vodka . Not sure yet . 
Hey bi 
Hey 
Fuckin Cuban's 
so my horiscope says I should get outside and enjoy the fall foliage , take in the crisp air and the scent of autumn ..... WHAT ? 
Tits 
I love my job . 
It's getting good . 
Stupid tunnel . 
And it just keeps getting more and more interesting 
Man , these guys are crazier than me . I love it . 
Just keep getting kicked in the head with opportunity's . 
scrub , scrub , scrub . 
Talk about a life changing day . I don't know what to think right now . My dad is in ICU , he had a heart attack ... and a stroke . What the fuck ? This can't be right . 
Gotta stay positive . It's all going to be ok . 
oh fucking awesome . I'm in P.M.S. hell . I'm gonna cut a bitch . 
ok . so you know why I love this job ? I asked chef if they had the zombie run again in ghent this year , if we could do a dinner in honor feature menu items comprised of dish all made with brains . he said hell yes . 
For the first time in so long I can honestly say , I fucking love my job . 
4118ft 
Why are all you people driving so slow ? 
plotting and scheming . I just might be on to something . 
Damn , who pissed in your cornflakes ? Oh wait , that's right . I did . 
Wow , this is a first . I'm the first one here . Damn it , somebody come let me in . 
As bad as it may be , you always have tomorrow . Now stand up , dust yourself off , crack a fuckin smile , and go again . 
That's not a wall in front of you silly . It's just the first step . Don't worry , they get easier . 
Shitty 
Focused . 
Man I love good news . Things are looking really good right now . 
has come to the conclusion that I really can't be in three places at once . 
Chance and risk do make for interesting stories when you look back on them . Gonna get a big fat ball rolling today . 
We got some nice 6-7 foot waves at East Beach , tried to get a few pictures and I think I killed my phone . 
curious : do vegans suck dick ? and if so , do they swallow ? 
