Reality is getting dangerously synonymous with absurdity ... 
Not looking forward to falling asleep ... during exams !! 
i saw one star tonight and it made me happy . :) 
learning korean is fun . :3 
I'm convinced that dogs have a place in heaven . 

There are probably no fleas there . And they probably have their own fire hydrants and pee-posts . And maybe they even have their own tiled bathrooms . And chew toys . And sticks and frisbees and golden bones . Oh , and don't forget their wings . Dogs fly up there . 
Yup , dogs definitely go to heaven . So I have no reason to worry . Up there , dogs are safe . 
They're happy . 
" Some humans would do anything to see if it was possible to do it . If you put a large switch in some cave somewhere , with a sign on it saying ' End-of-the-World Switch . PLEASE DO NOT TOUCH ' , the paint wouldn't even have time to dry . " 
— Terry Pratchett ( Thief of Time ) 
" Shoulda , coulda , woulda . It's so easy in the past tense . " 
I can't do this . 
joe hisaishi rocks . :D 
Sleep + Dreams = Very Creepy . 
One second , I'm fully awake and just staring at the wall . The next , my eyelids are drooping and my brain is attacked by scenarios of pink elephants slurping chocolate syrup from my head . 
Listening to a toilet flush from more than a mile away from where you are is weird . Very weird . :)) 
the sky here isn't dark enough for stars to come out ... i miss stars ! :(( 
First real day of being a 15-year-old : still the same as ever . :) 
If you make me choose between a dreamless sleep and a sleep filled with good dreams , I'd take the dreamless sleep anytime without hesitation . Why ? 
I'm scared . 
My nice dreams always turn out to be nightmares in the end . :( 
" Each person who ever was or is or will be has a song . It isn't a song that anybody else wrote . It has its own melody , it has its own words . Very few people get to sing their song . Most of us fear that we cannot do it justice with our voices , or that our words are too foolish or too honest , or too odd . So people live their song instead . " 
— Neil Gaiman ( Anansi Boys ) 
" When life lands a hammer blow in your face , do your best to respond to the hammer as if it had been a cream pie . " 
" Right now I’m having amnesia and déjà vu at the same time . I think I’ve forgotten this before . " 
Major change in game plan . NOW I can do it . I actually feel like I can . Yay ! 
G'night everyone ! LitMus is just hours away . Yeah ! :D 
There are very special people ... people who are like happy little assurances ... 
" The heart is an artist that paints what profoundly disturbs it , leaving on the canvas a less dark , less sharp version of the truth . " 
I REALLY CAN'T DO THIS !!! :(( 
" Time exists so that everything doesn't happen at once . " 
" Stories never really end ... even if the books like to pretend they do . Stories always go on . They don't end on the last page , any more than they begin on the first page . " 
" You know you've read a good book when you turn the last page and feel a little as if you lost a friend . " 
Stupid infatuation . Why'd you have to get to me too ?? 
" We are all in the gutter , but some of us are looking at the stars . " 
-Oscar Wilde 
Right now my tongue tastes like plastic . 
" Just because we don't understand doesn't mean the explanation doesn't exist . " 
" Be careful about reading health books . You may die of a misprint . " 
— Mark Twain 
:D 
" It's gonna get worse before it gets better . " 
Oh , but it's gonna get better . Yes it is . :D 
I am flabbergasted . Utterly and severely flabbergasted . :P 
I'm actually feeling hyper ... about doing homework . Whoa . Wow . :)) 
If being absurdly , ridiculously , recklessly happy were a crime , then I'd probably be sitting on an electric chair right now instead of comfortable , sturdy wood . :)) 
" One last hope to rise and break away beyond the faded line , way beyond the ties that bind . " 
~ Alter Bridge , " Ties That Bind " 
" I love deadlines . I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by . " 
~ Douglas Adams 
:)) 
" I am the heart , I need the heartbeat . I am the eyes , I need the sight . I realize that I am just a body , I need the life . I move my feet , I go through the motions , but who'll give purpose to chance ? I am the dance and I need the Lord of the dance . " 
G'night , everyone ! :] 
" Meow " means " woof " in cat . 
-George Carlin 
Be happy . Be VERY happy . I know you will . Why ? Because I'm finally giving up on you . Completely . Ha . Big weight off your shoulders , ain't it ? And advanced " Merry Christmas ! " to you . :] 
" Everybody has a secret world inside of them . All of the people of the world , I mean everybody . No matter how dull and boring they are on the outside , inside them they've all got unimaginable , magnificent , wonderful , stupid , amazing worlds . Not just one world . Hundreds of them . Thousands maybe . " 
~ Neil Gaiman 
" Often , it's not about becoming a new person , but becoming the person you were meant to be , and already are , but don't know how to be . " 
~ Heath Buckmaster 
" The train is roaring toward you and the villain is twirling his mustache and you're fussing that he's tied you to the tracks with the wrong kind of rope . " 
-Robin McKinley 
XD 
Happy , giddy , ecstatic , confused , shocked , surprised , euphoric , bubbling , anticipating , nervous , excited , anxious , happy , and confused -- all in one night . What in the world happened to just plain " happy " ? 
P.S. HAPPY is the dominant emotion . Next is CONFUSED . :P 
G'night , everyone . :D 
Imagine this : you and your friends are all walking out of the movie theater . You just finished a great movie and you feel really good . You're taking the lead , strutting confidently down the aisle , thinking " Gosh , I feel so cool ! " . Then you pause . You feel something wrong . Where're your friends ? 
You turn around to see them all pointing and laughing at you . Then you look where you were headed : the fire exit . :)) 
Soo ... What do we do about the English thing ? When're you guys available ? :D Arianne Stephanie , Elaine Mirr Balacdao Balagtey , Charles Juphil L . Pasion , Virgilio Miguel Maramara , Ron Sayowet . :) 
Patricia Sayana , Verlyn Michelle , Nikki Moreno , Junet Quinitip , Jery Villanueva , and Nikki Malones ... It's a full moon tonight ! A really beautiful way to end an amaaaaazing day . Thanks for the day ... Yeah ! :D 
Ugh , fine . I can't believe I'm going along with this . Whatever this is . Bubblegum ? LOL . That felt weird . :)) 
It's Christmas . It's actually Christmas ... 
* pinches cheek * 
Oof . Yeah , it's Christmas alright . :D 
Merry Christmas to everybody ! God bless ! :] 
FINALLY !!! YES !!! WOOOOO !!! WE'RE DONE !!! :)))))))) 
" You've fallen in love with a dream you've never had . " ~ August Burns Red ( Black Sheep ) 
Who I am hates who I've been . So true , and so awesome to finally truly know what it's like to feel this way . Definitely a new creation . :) 
I've been thinking about it for these past weeks : I don't belong here . At all . And what an unbelievably gigantic relief that is . :D 
I've given up on giving up slowly . :D 
" I pledge allegiance to a country without borders , without politicians ... " And yeah , I'm going there . Sooner or later . :] <3 
Today , we have today . 
Memento mori . 
One life left to lead . 
Mad to be alive , dying to be met . In a quiet desperation of the emptiness ... I give it all away . <3 
" The stars are alive , they dance to the music of the deepest emotion . " 
G'morning . :] 
Welcome back , my dear Electricity . How I love your ... current . XD 
