Oh no , weekend is almost over ! 
Wow , busy day , so glad its almost bed time ! 
do not click the candid camera prank . It is some sort of spam or virus . It will automatically send to all your friends ! 
I am very lucky to have such a wonderful bunch of friends and family in my life . Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes . 
beer 
Happy Easter everyone ! 
My backpack is packed ! My son Zach and I will be heading off early in the morning to the Lillian Lake Loop in the Ansel Adams wilderness . 3 days of pure nature , no cell phones or internet ! Have a great weekend everyone . 
Is it Monday already ? ? 
Happy Earth Day everyone ! 
Happy Christmas to all my family and friends . I am so glad to have you all in my life . May all your holiday wishes come true . 
Made it back safe and sound from backpacking . My son Zach and I had a great time . It was beautiful , I am sore and exhausted . It's a good think I have time to recover tomorrow before going back to work Wednesday !! 
Wine tasteing in Napa last night , had a great time . Off to San Franciso to visit China town . 
Went to the air show today , Ryan had a great time . Getting ready for the last episode of Lost !! I am going to be so sad when its over . :( 
Is Waiting for Jeff Dunham to get on stage at the Save Mart Center . :) 
It's 
DAUGHTER'S week ! If you have a daughter that makes your life worth living 
& your heart skip a beat , then copy & post to your profile . 
Well I am off to go camping early in the morning , hope everyone have a great Memorial Day weekend . See everyone next week . :) 
Finally made it home !!! 
LOL ! Just passed a Piggly Wiggly on the way to the airport ! Had a great trip ! I will feel so much better once the six hours of flying are behind me though . 
is so glad it's Friday !!!! 
Happy Valentines Day everyone . Hope your day is wonderful . Time for chocolate ! 
Just took a tour of the Sorrel Weed House in Savannah . It was featured on ghost hunters acadamy and is known as one of the most haunted places in Savannah . I got to use an EMF detector and everything ! Didn't see any ghosts though . :( 
This is such a beautiful city . 
is officially a Certified Veterinary Practice Manager . :) 
My goals for the next year- Live in the moment , enjoy each day to the fullest , make sure each of my loved ones know how much they are loved and be the best person I can be . Happy New Year everyone . 
