Lovin his girlfriend , sittin at her house , snugglin , laughing at her being pissed cuz she just set up this facebook for him and didn't even get to take his " wall-ginity " thank you Kristi Rian Michelle Dailey ... * shakes head * 
Sadness and frustration sometimes thats how it goes ..... 
We are all oompa loompas in life chocolate factory 
how long for a rotate balance .... why so long ? albert becuz you have 9 cars ahead of you and two people workin 
Pat needs to jus let me pull his teeth . Pliers and a bottle of everclear that keep the infection out 
Goin to osky . Fix a jukebox and then the nyt will tell . 
I pray your brakes go out running down a hill . I pray a flower pot falls from a window sill and knocks u n the head like id like to . 
i hate people who drive 45 in a 55 
gave Mackenzie back her engagement ring yesterday ( had to have it sized ) it was pretty funny watching her reaction (* squeal ... giggle ... squeal * -her ) 
well albert will find out today if he broke his tail bone last night .... Albert says fuck you all who think i need a donut to sit on 
Wal mart sucks . 
surprise me my favorite drink at the depot 
Damn lost track of time goin to die tom . GREAT times with pat out on the town . 
CALL ME PLEASE 
Can we put the petals back on the rose its been you and me and this stem of thorns through a long time of lows . 
Who made dukey in the urinal ??? * mr. Mackey * love south park 
Well jus a word to the wise don't leave a can or 24 of pop in your car for a few hours in the hotsun . They go boom . Front to back mess . 
Its like a bolt of lighting hits me in my chest right out of the blue everytime i see you . 
oh great manager at wal mart wants to talk to me ... Hmmm what about any guesses ... I bet along the lines of im writing you up or this is a pd on why you missed work last weekend ... My answer i puked .... Go look im sure i didnt get it all cleaned out of my car ... I hope thats what its about i hate talking to her 
Dear wal mart customers who feel it necessary to wake up and come to wal mart tle and cuss at me first word out of your mouth ... Pleare refrain and be warned . I will kick you in shin and run and tell mommy your a meany poopy head 
Thank you everyone for the bday wishes 
I am just what i am . Im just what you see . So i will make it easy i will just stay me . 
on my way to osky and then home from des moines .... Not going near fast enough 
Well what to do now ... Eat lunch . Its a plan 
my black friday ended early when i tthrew up on . my way to wal mart .... 
anger is the fluid love bleeds 
so any takers ... Shoot me .... Please reallly .... Worst night ever and yes worse than when jackie punched me in the mouth 
why alarm clock do you frustrate me so much in the a.m. 
if words could make it real i would tell you how i feel 
Paper cuts should b a torture method that shit hurts 
Well im awake ... and not happy because im awake and going to walmart . Man nothing depresses me more 
Do i have your love or am i still enough 
Holy shit a full can of monster on the ground . The gods love me its rainin energy drinks 
I pray you pass out drunk with ur best friend N wake up with his and her tattoos 
It took leavin for me to realize there no good in goodbye . \n 
its a long trip alone ... 
You can take my gun when u pry it from my cold dead hands ... Or u can just photoshop it away . 
snow sucks .... Snow sucks .... Snow totally sucks .... 
albert have you unplugged and plugged it back in ? bar ... Yeah we have tried that ... albert alryt i will be there in hour n half .... Albert gets there unplugs said juke box plugs it in for 2nd time in 3 days to have it come right on a blow his ear drums out ..... Bar you got it to work .... Albert in his mind &%$@ ~ % ~ ( : &@$ ?... Albert says yep and walks out says fuckers . 
if i have to work on deer season so should everyone else 
Dont worry bout nothing . Let it go see what tomorrow brings . 
you want a rotate balance i want a break we dont always get what we want ..... Damn anymore people tell me they want a rotate balance i myt actually tell them theres the tools and a jack do it urself 
Im ready for a nap and i just woke up 
Lifes lessons sometimes feel like torture . 
you will never make everyone you meet happy . So choose carefully who you want to be happy with you and who you dont . 
work ... No ... no ... no ... no ... I dont want to get outta bed 
ask me anything you want either ina comment or email it to me and i will answer one question from everyone honest as i can .... 
a heart that beats an incredible machine made of blood and love and hope and lust and steam 
today is sunday ... Why do i have to work ??? maybe today was the day i wanted to give my life to christ .... Its not ... But maybe it was ... I cant do that because im at work all day ... When i get off work ... Oh christ doesnt want to deal with me when ive had to work with pat all day . Lol 
Thats it too late to apologize .... Its too late . I said its too late to apologize ... 
Drinking to forget about you is just wasted whiskey . 
Wont you stand up and use your voice 
\nAlbert 
I hope you hit traffic 
i havent been the man i promised id be to Fight for us and not for me . Every choice i made pushed you away . I dont want to let you cuz i didnt do all i know to make you happy again and make you stay stay stay 
growing up is getting old . 
Wal mart . Actually my asst mngr cant schedule anyone when we are open that doesnt wake any since 
i was raised by the good book . Learned to work hard everyday . Taught if you cant say something good theres nothing good to say . I caught on pretty early its no use to work no harder than you play . I guess thats how i ended up this way . Somewhere between raising hell and amazing grace is where i find myself . 
needs a drink 
Why do i have to get outta bed to go change other peoples tires and oil ??? here is an idea if you dont know how to change your oil give me a call i will teach you and then i wont have to do it anymore 
ladies and gentleman please answer this honestly everyone do you think i am a scum bag and why or why not 
dear walmart badge fuck you ... Idc if i cant clock in .... Why did you run away 
off work an hour ago oh its nice 
wal mart why do you think its so cool to be open all the time . Urrr . People are rude we end up cold and wet 
Goin to go have a drink anyone up for a drink i need a drinking buddy or ten 
stupid laws and warnings on appliances ... You should remove child before folding stroller up ... You should not touch a chainsaw blade while its moving ... Coffee is hot .... You should not use a hair dryer in the bathtub ... Los angeles county banned homocide for 40 hours . After much ridicule they opted to promote peace ... st. Charles missouri banned swear in bars .... 
a lifetime for a day would be an even trade 
{ Poke } me if you have a crush on me { Like } this status if you think i am a good friend { Message } me if you want to date me { Comment } if we ever had any good memories together . NOW IF YOU ARE BRAVE POST THIS ON YOUR STATUS TO SEE WHAT HAPPENS ! 
WOW osky mcdonalds im disappointed . I ordered a steak burrito and get a sausage one . You also gave me the wrong change twice . $7.39 total i give you a 20 anyone know 7.41 is not my change neither is 10.41 ... I will settle i suppose 
" I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career . I've lost almost 300 games . 26 times , I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed . I've failed over and over and over again in my life . And that is why I succeed . " 
Michael Jordan 
I support the right to arm bears 
Paddle faster i hear banjos 
New phone number everyone 6417901999 
I have been to hell and back . I can show you vouchers . 
Be good or be good at it 
Screw you guys ..... I am going home . 
Nope . Screw you guys . Home 
whats the most important part of a mans body ? " HAM " no fat ass its not ham . Your penis . Thats right . Your fireman ? Mom told me to call it a fireman 
Respect my authority 
Albert Owen might want to think about changing his facebook password so that his best friend can't get in and change his status while she is confirming his relationship status for him because he's too slow :) 
All i can say is wtf . When i thought i knew my family and who was in it . 
If life is a dance then im screwed cause my dance is going badly . 
Potatoe the number of the day 
A single red rose and a table for 2 . A nice chardonaye and an ocean view .... Sounds nicer than the weather 
Life gives me lemons . I give it a huge sour glass of lemon juice and a squirt in the eyes . 
Actually life gave me a pile of shit . I found that selling that shit is profitable 
It aint killed me yet 
