wondering why i wanted to go back to school ... 
cant believe the weekend is over already ! 
working 1:30 - 9:30 -- txt me !! 
hate my life right now 
kinda starting to freak out ! 
thinking .. should i go or should i stay ? 
working tonight then off to b.c. to chill with my kitty ! 
happy to be home :D 
life is your creation 
home !!! :) 
sweet !!! verizon is sending me a new phone cuz mine is a P.O.S ! 
moving to my other aunts ! yay 
no one should ever have to dread going " home " .. and I do 
fucking awesome night !!! 
Tonsilitis and a fever of 101 ! no wonder i feel like crap ! 
What will happen next ?? 
i freaking love this weather !!!!!! 
feeling lost and unsure of how to find my way back to reality . 
sunburned as hell !! 
nothing to do ... 
had an AMAZING night last night !! 
sleepy and can't wait for the weekend !!! 
i hate homework !!! 
is thinking i really need a shower ! 
Texas Roadhouse with Steph tonight !!! yay ! 
I am so glad I have a worm phobia ! Walking into class today I almost got an anxiety attack ! 
i hate homework .. How do i have so much and only 4 classes ?? 
Woot ! New phone !! 
has WAY too many things on my mind !!!! 
Class , work , work , class ... SO NOT EXCITED !! 
just got one of thee GREATEST backrubs EVER ! 
dont wanna go to work ! but party tonight !! 
i really want my salad !!! 
pissed off cuz i lost a set of earrings i JUST bought !! 
another day of class and then i see my boy !! 
aaahhh .. finally time for bed ! 
seriously think i'm going to explode right now !! - in a good way 
Hoping that I am really one of the luckiest girls ! 
really dont wanna do my homework 
greatest night ever ! 
everyone's taking naps and i'm bored 
i hate homework ! and i really really dont wanna do it ! 
FUUUUUCCCKKKK homework 
soooo ready to go bowling ! woot ! 
quite content with life 
Dear Agony , just let go of me . Suffer slowly , is this the way it's got to be ? Dear Agony ... - Breaking Benjamin 
tomorrow's gonna suck ! not looking forward to my 4:30 morning ! 
my head hurts and i gotta do some homework ... 
Has realized you really aren't something to cry about and if you're mother only knew , she would probably be very disappointed 
happy to have 3 days off this week 
thinking .. . You better snatch me while you can cuz I'm not going to wait forever to find out if this could be something . 
goin to bed ... hangover's suck donkey's dick !! and yes , i just said that ! 
soo .. i somehow managed to grab somone else's keys today . Don't know where and don't know how but all that matters is I did . So .. if you lost a set of keys , I would check with WIT security . That's where i took them cuz thats my only guess as to where I picked them up ! 
not wanting to go to work ... 
fucking assholes !!! 
doing homework !! no one distract me ! 
this is possibly the angriest i've ever been . warning to all men : stay away ! 
" Anytime you need someone , someone strong to lean on , well you can count on me to carry you til you carry on . And everytime you fall apart , you can hide here in my arms , and you can count on me to hold you til that feeling is gone . " 
so didnt sit in the hot tub cuz my mom managed to piss me off yet again ! 
really really hates my intro to computers class 
thinking .. . You better snatch me while you can cuz I'm not going to wait to find out if this could be something . 
thinking I am going to be coming to Cedar Rapids very very soon ! 
can't wait to go sit in my mom's hot tub tonight !! 
stupid heartburn ! really tired ! and facebook sucks !! 
gotta work tonight , then tomorrow morning ! hit me up if u wanna do anything wednesday night !! 
FINALLY DONE WITH MY HOMEWORK FOR THE DAY !!! 
FINALLY !!! a good day ! Woot 
" The pain of it all , the rise and the fall . I see it all in you . Now everyday I find myself saying " I want to get lost in you " . I'm nothing without you . " -- Three Days Grace 
You know its going to be a good day when you wake up with a smile on your face ! 
has to work ALLLLL day 
SOO FREAKING EXCITED ! 
CAN NOT CAN NOT CAN NOT WAIT FOR TONIGHT !! woot !!!! 
I will remember you . Will you remember me ? 
going to bed ! feel free to text me ! 
playing guitar hero and then going to ride with my bro in the combine ! it's been a successful day off from school and work ! can't wait to go bowling tomorrow ! 
can't wait for tonight !! 
There's nothing left of you , I can see it in your eyes . 
" I'm here for you so don't forget , you can count on me cuz I will carry you til you carry on ! " - Default 
i'm sore and i really want olive garden !! 
super freaking excited for tonight and saturday !!!! 
lots to do today ... 
is content ! 
thinkin its time for bed ! big night tomorrow !! 
just got home from a long , long day ! 
Really ? Jelly and cheese sandwiches ? FML ! 
And every time you fall apart , well you can hide here in my arms , and you can count on me to hold you till that feeling is gone ! 
feeling like today is not going to be a good day ... already thinking of you :( 
Had a super amazing time with jamie tonight !! 
great ! I think I have pink eye !! 
i really miss you ! 
trying to motivate myself to do some homework ! 
hmm .. what to do on my day off . Anybody have any suggestions ? 
WOOO !!! done with homework for the week ! 
feeling super lucky ! 
sooo ... i just dropped my phone on my face and it landed on my tooth/lip and now my lip's bleeding .. great ! 
sore and bruised ... 
Dear Agony , just let go of me . Suffer slowly . Is this the way it's got to be ? Don't bury me faceless enemy . I'm so sorry . Is this the way it's got to be , dear Agony ? 
i'm so fucking done with men !!!!! 
tired and not too happy at the moment .. Maybe tomorrow will be a better day ! 
Went to the chiropracter tonight and I feel SOOO much better ! * fingers crossed * hopefully no more headaches ! 
busy few days ahead of me ... 
got a bad headache and gotta work today :( 
My baby's thee best !!!!! 
can't wait til next weekend !!! friday , saturday , and sunday are going to be amazing !!! 
Super ready for bed but waiting for the sheets to get done drying ! 
I DO NOT WANT TO GO BACK TO REALITY !! 
:) :) :) :) :) Jamie's on his way here !!! 
hahahahhahahahhahaha ... some people are fucking retarded ! and it totally makes my day sometimes .. 
about to spend some time with Jamie !!! 
hmm ... i better start focusin on school .. apparently i'm not doin so well ... 
i got my happy pills again !!!!!! WOO 
Got an early morning ahead of me and a late night with Jamie tomorrow ! 
i really hate school 
Super excited for tonight !! Haven't been able to party in weeks -- and I get to do it with Jamie ! 
Ready for a vacation ! Not wanting to go to school or work !! -- and all I'm doing there is reading to become a bather ! ha !! 
super tired .. should probably start going to bed at a decent time 
F*@ #ING snow !!! 
excited for tomorrow and tuesday ! thank god for a good beginning to the week ! 
Time for bed ! Work tomorrow , Friday , then the big family christmas Saturday ! Can't wait to have Jamie meet my crazy family !! 
... class is super lame ! why am i in school again ?? 
so I walk outside to get in my car and there's snow .. Great ! 
Stephanie says I'm a dork .. all the time :) -- I agree ! 
Upclose and Personal ! 
growing tired of these back spasms !! 
Vacation time !!! 
its time for a nap !! 
Super tired ... 
can't wait to see how tomorrow goes !! 
i freaking hate migraines !!! 
So I'm super glad Keelie's car is a tank cuz my car definitely would not have made it to Omaha and back ! 
Wishing I didn't have to be up at 4 tomorrow and Tuesday !! 
I miss Jamie ... :( 
chillin with my kitty 
" You treat me like I'm a princess . I'm not used to liking that . You ask me how my day was ... You've already won me over , in spite of me ! and don't be surprised if I love you for all that you are !! I couldn't help it .. It's all your fault ! " - Alanis Morisette 
home for the night and excited to have the day off tomorrow ! 
really ?? close and then open ?? that's like a whopping 5 hours of sleep ! 
So I have no exciting New Years Eve plans .. woo ! 
woo ! i think i have a bladder infection ! f*$ ! ing great ! 
What a week ! PetSmart's roof collapses so I am temporarily out of a job !, Snowed in today as well , and I have to fix my car because the snow didn't allow me stop so I need a new bumper ! 
Today has officially been dubbed The Day The Snow Ate Our Work Day ! by the PetSmart crew ! Love you guys and will miss you all dearly for the next few months ! 
Petsmart's roof collapsed , most of the animals are okay ! I can't believe this happened ! Don't know what I am going to do about money right now ! 
is wondering if I should attempt to go to Schleswig tonight ? 
got to spend the night with my man :) ... Not looking forward to bein snowed in tomorrow !! 
AHHH I AM GOING CRAZY WITHOUT A JOB !!! 
it's my second day off for a very long vacation ! Today , I think I shall try new recipes ! 
really people ?? come on already ! 
is having a hard time motivating myself to do something ! ah well , its only Monday ! 
And I would swim across the ocean , A thousand miles to get to you - Default 
super jealous that my boyfriend gets to go to the san diego zoo and i don't! :( 
I fucking love Mario but it's probably time for me to get ready and start cleaning !!! 
Oh how I love being up at 4 in the morning ! I can't wait to move back to S.C !!! 
we've officially had enough snow to make roofs collapse !! guess i wont be going to work anytime soon ... 
waiting for Jamie to get off work ! Stupid pizza hut 
soo ... its a freaking white out ! 
Snickers is all cuddled up on the couch .. Tired lil pup !!! 
tired n i have to read a couple chapters .. not a good combination ! 
Woot !! Got a temp job at Subway ! Excited to be working again ! 
good first night back at Subway ! ready for round 2 tomorrow ! 
been up since 5 and have to attempt to go to sioux city this morning to fix my car ! woo 
:D 
Jamie Blair , Stephanie Mefferd , Tessa Dee Bjorholm , Shalimar Adaime , Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments 
Super happy .. It turns out my doctors ARE covered under my insurance !! SAWEET !!!! 
Getting super excited to pick up Jamie from the airport !! 
So it's only been 2 days and I really miss Jamie ! 
dang heartburn !... 
I miss working !! :( 
i would like to repeat previous statement : boys are stupid !!! 
really just wants a day off from work and school on the same day !! 
something tells me today is a day of truth ... good deal ! 
my thumb hurts :( 
:D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D 
not the happiest camper tonight ... 
Super excited for tonight ! 
class at 11 then work til 9:30 and then hopefully i get to see Jamie ... 
Busy night at work .. goin in early tomorrow . and then maybe i will get to see my mama !! 
Dear Facebook , Please stop changing the layout ! It's confusing , annoying , and pointless ! Thank you ! Jessica 
the combination of a migraine , back spasms , and relearning a job are keeping me awake ! bum deal ! 
cant wait to go to des moines in a couple weeks !!! 
my computer sucks 
really missing work and all the animals ! 
So glad I got up at 4 so I could find out I am still snowed in in B.C. 4 hours later ! 
Day #3 .. being a bum ! But that's what Saturdays are for anyway ! 
WHAT THE HELL AM I GOING TO DO FOR 4 MONTHS !!!!!! 
ugh !! cant sleep .. worried about getting this job and where i need to move .. only have 2 weeks to figure it out ! 
Not feelin so hot .. I think treating all the carpets and furniture for fleas for the last 5 hours is gettin to me .. :( 
Hosting first Easter dinner ! Woot ! I think I'm officially a grown up ! Happy Easter everyone ! 
i don't understand why people who are pissed at the world need to take it out on everyone else . I didnt do anything to piss you off ! 
tired and wishing i didnt have to work tomorrow ... 
Its nights like these when i miss the red baron ! 
I want food !! 
bahahahahahaaha !!! 
I don't wanna go to work today :( 
I KILLED TIPPY !! :( ! it got too cold in the house :( 
Hmmm .. what's on my mind ?... absolutely nothing ! 
to the person in the alero that just flipped me off - you sped up and got into MY lane . do not flip me off because i am going faster than you and you just cut me off . use your brain and stay in your own lane the next time you decide to speed up after a light change ! 
First day back at petsmart !!!! YAY ! 
Really tired today .. maybe working wasnt such a good idea :( .. i guess we'll find out 
ugh 
FML 
does anyone have an old verizon phone i can use for like 2 days ? let me know asap ! 
I swear I just can't get ahead ! 
A txt or phone call would be nice just so i can get my stuff . 
hmm .. i should go to bed .. but i think i shall wait another hour ! 
Goin to get groceries for Easter dinner .. Woo ! 
Maybe eating wasnt such a good idea ... 
ugh ! cant sleep !! 
Wishing i had the money to move !!! 
Super tired ! physically and mentally ! 
ugh ! mom didnt put cheese on her homemade pizza and now it tastes funny ! i guess no lunch for me ! 
thinking i need somecoffee or hot chocolate ! it's sooo cold ! 
Can't wait til May !!! sooooo ready to go back to work 
Sooooo can't wait for tomorrow night !!!!!! 
I dont wanna get out of bed ! it's comfy here ! 
:) woot 
Makin cookies and the cookie dough is sooo yummy !! 
and i am back to just wanting to know what the flip is going ! gaaahaahhhh !!!!!!!!! 
Sleep should be super fun with this massive headache .,. 
I'm starin down the barrell of . 45 , swimmin through the ashes of another life . No real reason to accept the way things have changed . Starin down the barrel of a . 45 . 
Wishing I hadn't gotten sick this week so I could go to the neighbor's party but instead going to curl up with my book and then head to bed :) 
sooooooooo tired 
Cant find my debit card !!! :S 
EVERYONE : There's a site called Spokeo.com that's a new online phone 
book w/personal information : everything from pics you've posted on FB 
or web , your approx credit score , home value , income , age , etc . You can 
remove yourself by first searching for yourself on their site to find 
the URL of your page , then go to the Privacy button on the bottom of their page to remove yourself . Copy & repost ! 
nooo motivation !!! 
thinking it would be super fantabulous if the landlord would plow the driveway !! 
Yay ! Back to a normal work schedule ! Finally routine in my life again ! 
Sllleeeeeeeppppp ! 
this headache is really kicking my ass !!! 
Its such a nice day out .. wish i felt better ! 
Feeling like today isn't going to be a good one :( 
OOOOWWWWW !!! just woke up with a mega killer headache ! 
On my way to work ! first day opened and i cant wait !! 
SPREAD THE WORD ! PETSMART IS OPEN ! 
idk what i am suppose to do .. 
Stuck in the garage on the upper storage cuz i dont trust the ladder to get down .. i could be sitting here awhile 
Sometimes I wish I didn't care so much cuz then life couldn't hurt me . 
Not a happy camper tonight ... 
My darlin ' .. who knew ?? 
May 1st .. going to be an amazing day ! Can't wait !!! 
Its hoppin .... 
Waiting for Jamie to come over .. Wondering if its gonna happen sometime this decade ! 
Grrrr ... 
omg tomorrow is gonna suck ! 3 dogs at 10:30 !! :( 
Hmm .. i should probably go to sleep buuuutt .. i dont wanna ! 
Workin all day .. at least it will keep my mind off things 
Almost ate a whole jimmy johns sandwich . go me ! except now i feel like ass ! 
Time to look forward to this weekend 
Hmm .. Wish I could say soo much but unable because I am suppose to be the responsible one .. I hate being the responsible one , it's all I've ever done ! 
Hmm ... working overtime and i'm still broke ! How does that work ?! 
* Cross Fingers * I really want that house in Lawton !! 
Currently very bummed ! Everyone is leaving PetSmart ! at least my store !! :( 
Store reopens tomorrow !! Woot Woot !! 
i really hope i'm not getting tonsilitis again :( 
Can I play hookie today ? Not looking forward to shitty air conditioning and the mobs of people on a Saturday ! 
Things seem to be looking up : Had a good paycheck this week and my mom is gonna start paying me $10/hr to clean her house for approximately 5 hours a week .. An extra $200 a month , I think I can handle that !! 
Sooo ... apparently it rained last night .. and thundered and made lots of noise ! I must have been super duper tired !! 
rejected ... :( 
sometimes i feel so old .. heading to bed already ! 
I hate this feeling ... not wanting to do anything .. 
Gotta work another split tomorrow .. hopefully its a better day than today ! 
I'm sorry if you think my life is pathetic . At least I won't be working in a factory for the rest of my life and all my conversations aren't centered around other people's business . 
:( I don't wanna go back to work today ! 
gaahhh !!! 
havent had a weekend day off since we reopened .. sure would be nice to get one ! 
I'm missing you like crazy ... 
gaaahhh !! only been awake for 40 minutes and already freakin out 
Still laying in bed trying to motivate myself to get up and do something 
:) 
So maybe its just me but if u own a charger you should not have a handicapped sign posted anywhere on that vehicle ! 
what to do ... 
Daylight dies , blackout the sky . Does anyone care ? Is anybody there ? Take this life , empty inside . I'm already dead , I'll rise to fall again . I can feel you falling away . No longer the lost , no longer the same . I can see you starting to break , I'll keep you alive if you show me the way . Forever - and ever the scars will remain . I'm falling apart leave me here forever in the dark 
Watching CopOut with Amanda ! :) 
is falling ... :) :) :) :) 
So i am told that having a positive attitude can change your life . so today i shalll appreciate having a fun job that gives me 40 hrs a week ! :) 
who do you think you are ? running ' round collecting your jar of hearts and tearing love apart ? you're gonna catch a cold from the ice inside your soul . Don't come back for me . Don't come back at all . 
i feel like a$$ and they wont let me go home ! :( i guess i'll just infect everyone that comes in . mwahahahaha 
Hmm .. my tummy just told me its hungry .. what should i eat ? 
thinking .. I'm sick of a$$holes who dont deserve me . I'm very glad I wasnt the ' solution to your problem ' 
migraine ... GO AWAY ! You've tortured me for like 2 weeks .. I've had enough !! 
Been up since 3am and I'm beat but at least I got to see Miss Kenna Lou tonight ! She's freaking adorable :) 
Can't wait for tomorrow ! 
i'm sooooo tired and i still have 6 hours to go before i'm off work ! Gaaaahhhh !!! 
really ? well maybe i will be happy to move to ankeny if i get the job ! 
Done cleaning :) and goin to mom's around 6 for supper !! 
I really hate being broke ... 
Soo did not get enough sleep .. at least it's gonna be a great day :) 
On my way to the doc ! can't wait to feel better ! 
i am not perfect , and i don't claim to be . and if thats what you wanted then I am so sorry . How ' bout a better version of the way that i am ? how bout a better version that makes me understand ? how bout a better version the way that i am , the way i look , the way i speak ? how bout a better version of me ? 
I got told today that I look like i've lost weight ! woohoo !!! 
I dont know how to do this without you ... 
i love watching Armani and baby Dixie play :) it always makes my day a lil better 
Really ? apparently it matters where you are in order to be resting . :( at least i was't planning on using my doctors not for tomorrow and saturday ! 
People need to stay out of my life unless they are invited in . I do not appreciate having someone try to ruin my relationships ! 
So just increased my security .. Now maybe a certain someone will leave me & my man the F alone ! 
Taking the lights off a prelit Christmas tree sucks ! I do not recommend it :( 
Cleaning all day ! At least it's not the worst way I could spend my day off 
FUCK FUCK FUCK !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
It's my day off and I had planned to do stuff and I just don't have the motivation .. Seriously hate this . 
Wishing I knew when I would feel better but I know it's a long road ahead .. 
Quote for the night : Tessa " What's in it ? " Brian " Don't worry about it . Just drink it . " Tessa " What's in it !? " Brian " Roofie colada . Just drink it ! " 
Going to the doctor so i can go back on my happy pills ! 
Snickers and I had a very long day ! And we are both falling asleep .. Goodnight world ! 
I freaking love harvest !!! 
Woo ! he's starting to th7ink he made a big mistake ! not that it matters but it makes me feel a tad bit better ! 
So .. i would really like some sleep but my headache thinks differently and insists on pounding against my forehead ! 
I am in serious need of a girls night out ! 
So ... i am going to start bowling monday night league since i'm not moving and no boyfriend to spend my time with ... 
so i was just listening to the radio and they played a clip of Obama calling kanye a jackass . This is probably the funniest thing i will hear all week ! 
I am soo looking forward to sleeping in tomorrow ! woot woot ! 
Had a great night with a couple of the girls ! 
I've lost 5.5 lbs in 3 days . THANK YOU JAMIE ! 
I'm starting to miss you and I wish I could tell you but I must stay strong ... 
I hate my body and its emotions !! 
I am rather irritated at the moment ... 
Tired .... wanna go to bed but i need to talk to you 
:( 
I can't wait to move !! Looking at a house in Lawton on Monday .. Woot Woot ! 
Feeling better ... but still have questions .. 
Soo ready to not live in my car ! I will have an extra 10 hours a week ! That's like a whole day .. What am I going to do with all that time ?? 
FMLYHM ! :) 
is sick of this cough !! :( UGH ! 
Hurry up & figure your sh ! t out so I can stop being a mess ... but then again thats not all that likely cuz pretty sure the trust has left the building ! 
ha ha Jessica ! I told you I would facebook jack ya later ! But guess what ! I was nice ! :) Guess how I was nice thou ! :) 
i've gotta fight today just to live amother day .. I need a hero to save me now . I need a hero to save my life . a hero to save me just in time . 
Feeling very lost ... 
Getting groceries and going home ! Don't have to be to work til 2 tomorrow ! woot !! 
So i'm drivin to work running later than I like and what do I find in the middle if the road ? sorry , let me rephrase . Across the entire road ? A giant tree branch that apparently fell down in the 6 hours I was home ! So I have to travel unfamiliar gravel roads instead of backtracking 10 miles to highway !! 
hoping it doesnt freeze until later so J can make it up here !! 
If you think I am the cause of all your problems .. you got another thing comin for ya . And i'm guessing its going to be relatively soon ! 
Loves listening to Giggy sing :) .. even if its when he's makin country rock ! 
Resisting the urge to call you ... 
So I guess I have to be nice and put Jamie's pictures from the zoo on a cd and give it to him instead of deleting them .. Unfortunate !! 
my super happy mood just did a 180 ! 
ugh !! thinking i have tonsilitis AGAIN !! At least i'm not running a fever ... yet 
ugh ! cant sleep !! :( 
Wow ... could it really be that you finally figured out ur a dumbass ? hahaha ! 
Haha ! Stephanie has blue balls ! 
I'm sick of people's bullshit . Why do I even try to put up with it ? 
Hmm .... will i be ablye to do it for a whole year ? 
I hate my anxiety !! 
Wow ... that's really f*ckin nice ! 
Driving to work and sad to see the fields are changing . can't believe summer is over and winter is just around the corner again ... time goes by much too fast . 
currently hating men .. 
Maybe today is just a good day but I've been thinking and I know that I'm strong and I will survive ! Time to move on to better things :) 
You took my hand , you showed me how . You promised me you'd be around . I took your words and I believed in everything you said to me . If someone said three years from now you'd be long gone , I'd stand up and punch them in the mouth cuz they're all wrong . I know better cuz you said forever and ever . Who knew ? 
Getting sick of this drive and am soo ready to move . unfortunately we still dont have the house for sure ! 
If I had you , that would be the only thing I'd ever need . Yeah if I had you , then money fame and fortune never could compete . If I had you , life would be a party , it'd be ecstasy 
Gonna sleep good tonight !! 
Girls night soon ?? I think most definitely ! 
Wow ... I can't wait to move ! 
Off to bowl tonight ! wish me luck ! :) 
Woot ! no hospital today :) ! 2 more shots in my hips though and another doctors note if i dont feel up to working this weekend .. sleep sleep sleep :) 
1 more day :) 
Currently there are 2 cats and 2 dogs on my bed . I'm not sure I'm going to fit !! 
I dont want the world to see me cuz i dont think that they'd understand .. 
ready for bed but i can't wait to see my sister in a few weeks !!! :) 
Moving in tomorrow ! woot !! 
I hate it when people drive in fog with no headlights on .. 
I really miss you ... :( 
Definitely been a good day ! Just found out that I will be moving to Sioux City ....... -Drum roll please- THIS WEEKEND ! 
Wow .. my eyes are so green tonight .. one might think i was angry or sumthin ! 
My last day working with J ! sad sad day ! 
Stephanie " it hits the whole and doesnt want to screw " 
Less than 5 hours :) 
Workin for 4 hrs today then going home and packing all my stuff !!!! :) 
Hmm ... what to do ... 
Need to clean my mom's house but really not wanting to today .. :( 
Just kill me now ! 
This is getting ridiculous . all i want is to get the rest of my stuff so i can put you behind me and i can move on ! But I guess it's too much to ask that you do that for me cuz you need " time to think " . grr 
Oh wait .. my bad ! i guess i'm just upset cuz i haven't taken my anxiety meds in a couple days so i guess i must be a lil irritable 
Slept with the windows open last night and it was amazing ! I LOVE this time of year !! 
sinus pressure , bad cough , and flu symptoms = no sleep for me :( even with nyquil ! 
OMG I AM SOO FREAKING DONE !! 
Glad my cat is adjusting well !!! :) 
You are making this ver difficult ! 
Good deal ! feeling much better after getting out of the house ! 
This is not shaping up to be a good day :( 
wow Denver ... wow ! 
It's totally the week of a full moon ! 
not feelin so hot tonight :( wish i would start feeling better ! 
Who wants to take bets ? how long will it take ? 
Is wishing u were here .. 
day #2 ... this is gonna hurt 
:) :) :) :) :) :) :) 
I have absolutely no motivation ... just one more room to vacuum then its on to the fish tanks ! 
Happy to have my car back ! :) 
Wow .. dating someone to spite me ... REAL MATURE !! 
I really hate having anxiety !! 
So i thought that pepsi/mt . dew wasnt doing their winner caps nemore .. but i'm sitting in the break room reading the label and what does it say ? " 1 in 8 buy one 20oz get one free " ! 
Fuckin migraines ! 
Apparently girls with DD's are fat because it is nearly impossible to find a 36DD ANYWHERE !! 
It's going to be a great week ! :) 
Just gotta get thru tonight and tomorrow morning and then its hello great weekend !!! 
i wanna go shopping ... 
sooooo tired :( 
got my beed set up :) .. working aaalllll day tomorrow :( i just want to get moved in already !! 
i hate goodbyes :( 
Wow ... this is the worst doctor's visit i've ever had 
I feel like shit :( 
This is turning out to be an interesting day .. 
is feeling sick again :( 
wondering if i know how to play the game right ... 
did it !!!!! 
need a place to live in or around des moines and a roommate ! if you know anyone let me know !! 
:) woot !! 
My phone is a pile ... 
Can't wait until wednesday !! 
Absolutely terrified ... 
Ahhh !!! Holiday commercials already ! 
Anxiety is kicking my ass today !! I don't know how I'm gonna pay my bills :( 
On my way to Ida Grove for the 3rd time this week ! 
Tired , my throat still hurts , and missing my man ... :( 
Hmmm ... to go out or not to go out ? 
:( my hunny isn't feeling good :( 
Wow ! I can't believe you actually thought that would work on me ! 
Cant sleep :( 
Driving :) 
Off to my mommy's to clean and bowl ! woot woot ! 
" I will dominate you . I'll come at you like a spider monkey ! Rawr ! " - Matthew Boos talking to the new conure at work . 
woot to 5mph !!!!! 
getting frustrated ! 
Off to lala land . my legs kill and not feeling too confident about bathing tomorrow :S 
1 - people need to learn how to park ! 2 - people need to make up their freaking mind and 3 - i wish i knew if i was even gonna get a freaking phone call !!! 
more people need to have some christmas spirit !! i wanna see some pretty christmas lights !!! 
I never thought we'd get this high and I used to be afraid of fallen but now I'll spread my wings and fly high ... 
I hate being the peacekeeper ! 
Ugh ! i hate stupid fu < k ! ng people ! 
tired of feeling sick !! :( 
WOO !!!!! MY INSURANCE PAYMENT IS GOING DOWN ! :) 
Wow ... a hyvee run for nyquil at 3 in the morning ! i'm going to the doctor today !! 
Friday won't be here soon enough :( 
Justin got me a panda pillow pet :) :) :) :) :) :) :) 
i can already tell i'm not going to sleep well tonight ... 
wishing i didnt have to go through this every year :( 
got to drive the charger tonight :) i was scared i was gonna break it tho ! n now justin is running a fever :( i think i made him sick !! :( 
really need to get motivated ... 
can't wait for tomorrow :) 
okay sioux city .. budget a lil more for snow removal ! we're in freaking IOWA !!! n people need to get to work !!! 
feeling like i could cry :( 
I don't know what I want anymore :( . I wish I could figure out this game they call Life ! 
soo i am stuck in battle creek tonight but at least i have some music to listen to because my boyfriend is quite musical tonight ! lol 
driving across nebraska always sucks :( 
going to eat then go see my Stephie at work !! 
I HATE BEING BROKE !!! I gotta do something different and fast ! 
soo ... i just found out that my bf has never had a BLT . he lives a very deprived life :( 
really wish i would find out if i got this job and when i'm moving cuz i dont know where i'm livin come march ! 
ugh ! i feel like crap :( 
tired of being sick !! MUST GET THESE TONSILS OUT ASAP !!! 
snowboarding for the first time today ! pretty excited and i get to hang with my sis all day !! 
Anyone know of apartments in Sioux City that allow cats ? 
fell asleep today and now i cant sleep ! woo .. 
well that was intense 
hmmm .. what do you do when an ex is texting you and you really don't want to talk to him ???? 
Back to needing a place to live in like 4 days ... AWESOME !!!! 
gaahh !! this snow could really put a cramp in my moving style !! :( 
thinking my car is officially gone :( 
hopefully today is going to go well for me .. been a couple months since i've been in the salon ! 
REALLY hating these 4 o'clock mornings !! 
pretty excited about the rental car ... 2011 Kia Forte :) probably the newest cari will EVER drive !! 
ugh ! thinking i'm starting to get sick again ! CAN'T WAIT TO GET THESE TONSILS OUT ! 
Dear family and friends : Please do not text or call me after 10:00 pm unless it absolutely can not wait until morning . I normally have to be up by 4:00 and usually can't fall back to sleep after being woken up . AND I'm normally a bear if I don't get enough sleep . Please keep this in mind . Thank you ! 
I'm sooo tired ! 
Totally just sprained my ankle :( 
A truck full of Horstman's .. this aught to be interesting . 
Ugh ! It really upsets me when tractors don't drive on the shoulder . AND I'm a farmers daughter so that is perfectly acceptable to expect that they do that !! 
Got the insurance check for my car ! What a relief !! 
liking this off at 9 thing ... 
hmm .. should probably get out of bed and go deposit that $4400 ... :) 
starbucks in 10 minutes ? I think yes !! 
i love the smell of freshly turned dirt :) 
Just as soon as I think she's gettin better she goes and buys a box of wine . 
Stand down , place your weapons at your side . It's our war , in the end we'll surely lose but thats alright .. 
Gaaaahhhh !!! why do i always have to have HOT feet when i'm trying to sleep !!! 
just sprained my ankle ... again .. woo ! at least i'll be getting my tonsils out thursday and will have a whole bunch of time to let it rest and heal !! 
Thank God for oxycodone ! 
OOOWWWWWWWW !!!!!!!!!!! 
extremely disappointed ... but at least Armani is cuddling with me lots right now . You'd almost think he actually loves me ! 
naptime ?? I think yes !! 
Watching I Love Lucy .. Kinda forgot how funny it is ! 
Would really really like my package to arrive ... especially cuz they say they sent it on the 10th !!!! 
ugh ! Other people's parents !! :( 
Bah ha ha ha ha ha ! :) 
Does it mean someone is thinking about you or talking about you when your nose itches ?? CUZ IT WON'T STOP ITCHING !!! 
Snow ... I don't even like the sound of it ! 
wow .. glad my mom decided to crawl into bed with me and pass the fuck out .. ugh she annoys me when shes been drinking 
naptime :) 
ANNOYED !!!! 
is soo over the bullshit ! 
In serious pain today :( possibly the worst day so far ! 
awww ... Armani has been curled up next to me for a whole hour ! :) apparently he does know when i feel like crap . He pretty much hasnt left my side since last Thursday !! 
GOT A WII !! :) but in SERIOUS need of moving back to Sioux City ! 
enough facebooking .. ITS WII TIME !!! :D 
uh oh .. thinking i might be getting thrush :( 
Just ate 2 slices of pizza ! still hungry but my throat is telling me thats enough normal food for today ! 
Sat outside in the sun for about 2 hours yesterday and my arms got burnt .. oops :) 
sooo bored and now i'm not taking oxycodone so i can't even sleep :( 
ugh ... can't sleep 
Helped my Mom & Gaylen clean out the koi pond today and got to hold foot long koi ! It was pretty neat !! 
Why !? Why does my body insist on waking up at 3 or 4 in the morning ?! 4th night in a row !! Why doesn't it understand that I'm TIRED !!? 
