I saw a road runner today . :D and I remembered why I hate my yard . xP 
I just covered the outlets in my room with tape ad cut out the little openings with a knife . I just now noticed how dumb that was ... o.o ; 
Listening to Almost Alice , so far I like the songs it has . :D 
Dude , so many people have been sneaking up on me lately . D: 
Oh look , it's actually raining . 
No ! My room is a freezer again ! >.< 
I want to tell you that everything will be okay 

That everything will eventually turn itself to gold 
Aw man , I want to play games now , but I don't think that the gamecube or ps2 are set up . :( 
Bah , now it's too cold outside . >.< 
You all just lost the game ! 
Wow , today was shockingly fun . :D 
I can hear bats from my room , at first I thought it was rats . xP 
I shall now dissapear for time unknown to read . Thank you Naruto 
I have never felt more sane than I do now , only thing to now is to stop talking to myself . =D 
So I didn't get candy or do really do anything today , but I did get to see a giant owl and watch a cool show . :D 
Ah , now to stumble blindly through this and be a shadw like always . 
I want to see that rainbow colored bird my parents saw . It must have looked funny . :D 
I'm gonna die if I have to fill another bucket with sand . >.< 
I really need to stop burning incense in my room . 
Well I just saw How to Train your Pet Dragon , have to admit it was cute . :D 
I'm somewhat sad , I miss all of the people I no longer see . 
I knew it was too good to be true . There's a catch , there always is ... 
Fine , you win . I'll go to sleep now . But I shall be back . 
It's annoying when people ask you to do simething you obviously don't know how to do . 
So like dude ! 
Procrastination shall be the end of me . xP I'll work on fixing that eventually . xD 
Ha , I'm having fun going through my CD's . :} 
Though my radio need to stop messing with the volume . >..< 
Yes mom , thank you for remembering to take me to the art show after bothering you about it for the past week . 
I hate spiders ! Especially when they appear in my room ! >.< 
So tired , need sleep . and food , yummy yummy food . D: 
My mom let me drive in circles in an empty parking lot . If it were an actual street I would have caused many accidents . xD 
I can't believe I fell up stairs again . :P 
I have to fill up a sketch book by Wednesday . D: 
I do believe that my room is haunted now . 
Today was overall a good day , though i wonder when they would be considered a great day again . 
Soooo , now what ? o.o ; 
Ok , the novelty of being in the dark is gone and now I'm bored . 
At kiwanis , wanna join ? 
My wi-fi is down , and by that I mean non existant . Hello desktop . xD 
I have always wanted to see a gyser go off , well man made is as close as I'll ever get for now . Silly machine ... xD 
I have too much free time and I have the audacity to complain . shame on me . xP 
Yay ! I has a smoothie . :D 
I laugh at my brother , he finally gave in to getting a facebook and he can't confirm it . xD 
It's too hot outside for me today . xP 
The Game ! 
Wft ? The lights went out ! 
I dread going to the art show tomorrow , but I shall go , if only for the cookies . :3 
Wht is it that they want my brother to drive but not me ? Messed up isn't it . xD 
Wish I could play vollyball , but I suck at team sports . 
Yay sleep :D 
I can make metaphors out of ice cream . xD 
Yes ! I'm going home now . > w < 
I have a féling that I'm going to get car sick ... 
A cat scared my babies . They lost a lot of feathers . I will not show mercy to that cat if I see it . 
I still believe that there is good in everyone 
Running on an hour and a half of sleep ... Great . 
My arms and back is killing me , I'll have to shovel 
more sand tomorrow . :P 
Yay , yesterday was fun . :D 
So , I didn't like today very much after all . :/ 
At Kiwanis still , its dark and I'm kinda scared . 
Well , today was fun . o3o 
I don't like squirrels . :P 
I'm either sick or allergic to something . :P 
To me , respect is a two way street , I'm sorry but any form of respect I had for you was just lost . 
Today is going to suck , I just know it . 
One of my biggest regrets will forever be that I didn't even bother to try and keep in contact . 
If life hands you lemons , don't bother making lemonade ... just pelt them at someone else ! 
I need to go on an adventure or something , just to get rid of the monotony in my life , if only for a moment . 
Haha after being really lazy this morning and getting ready for work in under 5 min it turns out that we don't have anything to do . Going home now . xD 
I loved today , it was exhausting but fun . :D 
Yes ! The lights are back . :D Make me glad cause I wouldn't stop with the zombie theories . o.o ; 
Why should i ask you to smile if I will not do so myself . 
How am I still awake ?! Gah ! I'll go insane . >.< 
Hoping I dont die today , Anthony is driving once more . 
Time to be insane , pool here i come . :P 
Ew ew ew ! Chicken blood in mah eye ! >_< 
Bah ! I procrastinated for much too long . D: 
Well , that went well . =] 
I would meet you , would you meet me ? 
I swear my IQ drops when I take off my glasses . xP 
Is it sad that I'm listening to a bunch of different Disney songs ? 
Animal crackers ... yum . =] 
We are heading to Kiwanis now . :D 
We are at Grace Richardson Park now , we will head to Kiwanis after we get off the swings . :D 
A meaningless effort . One who knows nothing can understand nothing . 
I like havng dual monitors . :D 
But there's no sense crying over every mistake . You just keep on trying till you run out of cake 
I can't believe that I just ran into a door . >_>; 
Dude , how hard could it be to find a control in a room ?! 
I'm slowly losing my mind . 
Going on the Azalea trail with Anthony , Fro , and her brother , anyone want to join ? 
There's a weird blinking line on the left side of my second monitor ... o.O 
Yay for cake . :D 
I won't tell you how to live your life . So please stay far away from mine . 
Hahaha ! Phone gets movistar for the second time this week ! This past week has been fun to say the least ... o.o ; 
Congratulatoons to those who graduated today . :D 
Sigh , I want to go to the pop show but my mom is being highly unreasonable . 
So tired , so very very tired . 
I used to obsess over living , now I only obsess over you ... 
I can't believe how light it is outside now . o.o ; 
I have one monitor again . D: 
Silly netbook , why can't you be bigger . >.< 
Bah , too early to be up . 
Oh the drama ... xD 
Meh , if yesterday was a good day the today is quite the opposite ... :/ 
Walking home , not even close to Chambers Park yet ... Darn . 
Ok , seriously , what type of bird makes so much noise this late at night ... :P 
Well , so much for trying to got to sleep early . :P 
Five hours at the dentist is not how I want to spend my day . >.< 
Bah , I hate not being able to fall asleep . ? _ ? 
Food hates me . D: 
Bah , it was colder earlier and it's even colder now . >.< 
Hahaha ! I can send messages again and the long horrible bus ride is over too ! :D 
I just saw a spider eating another spider . o.o ; 
Busy busy day , unlucky too . 
I feel like I'm forgetting something but I dont know what .... 
Online for the next 40 min . Man internet is slow here ! xP 
Haha two hyper girls down now one to go , sleep here I come . 
Nothing seems to come out right anymore , 
I laugh , they forget to take me with then and all the rides stop working when I do get there . 
So today turned out to be fun . :D 
Why is the room full of spiders again ?! 
They want to kill the birds ! D: 
I have evil little cousins . 
27 dollars are they freaking kidding me ?! And why just that one day , what happened to the rest of the week ? 
I have an interview at PetSmart . > w < 
There's going to be a bad storm . I hope the place doesn't flood again . 
Nuuu ! Blues died . My poor betta died . D: 
My little cousins are insane ... 
I really want to go to that disco , it sounds fun . 
Dude a huge black dog just ran across the yard . o.o ; 
Watching Rent . :] 
Why do I still feel like eating ?! xP 
Finally home , now to wait for my ears to stop ringing . 
Is really excited at the moment . 
Ne , I like today , not hot . :D 
Aw , one of my fishies died . T^T 
Silly pie , i prefer cake ... >.< 
I want another funnel cake , and that caramel apple was good . :3 
I believe I should have taken Spanish and not French when I had the chance . :P 
I wish I had one or two of Fros cats at the moment ... 
On the desktop computer for the first time in months ... 
The keyboard will take some getting used to . :P 
My piece of cake went missing . D: 
Finally home . 
Dude just got to see the moon , it looks cool . > w < 
I want to find it again- that belief in happy endings . 
So I applied somewhere else and I have and have an interview there for tomorrow , hopefully things will work out this time . :] 
Woohoo ! Made it home finally ! 
Yay for cake . ~ ? 
Oh no , I think my phone died or something . D: 
Wow the sky is so pretty tonight . :D 
Oh and getting the mail right now is completely reasonable . xD 
Huzzah ! I hate chocolate . :D 
Ah so tired . >_< 
Or should I get along with myself . 
I never did get along with everybody else . 
Today has been great so far , hopefully so will the rest of the day/night . :3 
So I was waiting for my brothers to come home so I could turn off the lights and stuff when I hear someone trying to open the front door . 

Thinking the door was locked I go to open it only to find that not only was the door unlocked but that no one was there . : I 
Ah , this is embarrassingly late , many thanks for the birthday wishes last week ! :D 
Bah , I'm so tired ... 
I hate feeling like an ice cube ! 
For every time , that they want to count you out . Use your voice every single time you open up your mouth . 
Ah , I feel so lazy today . Though there's nothing but work to be done lately . >_< 
An all nighter , great ... 
A year ends and another one starts . May this new year be better than the last . Happy New Year . 
I feel like an ice cube ... 
Lol , one to two millimeters of ice cover the entire surface of the car , well the parts I can see . 
Haha , yesterday left me broke . xD 
Lol the drama , cat fight ! 
Making the most out of this moment . :/ 
It's so cold that I can barely feel my fingers ... Dx 
K-drama on a spanish novela channel , why did I not know that before ? o.o ; 
I have no clue how I'm still able to function right with only 1 hour and a half of sleep , nor why I haven't snapped and yelled at that whore to stop crit 
Be afraid , be very afraid ... They have me handling a very sharp knife . 
Fire drill ! 
i guess i burn ... 
Haha haunted electronics . xD 
Awesome friday so far , hopefully they wont change their minds and say that we do have to work tomorrow . Though that'd be better than working till dawn . :P 
Finally going homee ! x3 now friday ends and saturday starts . :D 
icizing how I do my job if she does a worse job than I do . O ></ 
Depending on my mood I may or may not like crowds but right now that crowd consists of people I don't like and my mood is really dark . 
I cant sleep , and those annoying squirrels from last week are back and they brought friends . >.< 
Ahahah , i have really useless speakers xD 
Well after my current phone and netbook , I don't think I'll get anything samsung again . :P Especially phone . >.< 
Oh shi- ! I should have put on another sweater or two . O (>.<)/ 
Parakeets ! > 3 < 
So tired ... Must not fall asleep . x-x 
So , Anthony and I somehow super glued our fingers to a pen ... :P 
Cooking for a cat makes me laugh . 
I don't like not knowing what other people are saying cause of language barriers . :// 
Well today was highly interesting ; I got to cook a piece of chicken on a machine , messed with dry ice , messed with a bunch of trays and ice , got to leave early , and got a sore throat . xD 
My voice ! I'm loosing it ! xD 
Yes ! Finally A full out weekend . >:D 
So , it's official . I need a haircut because closing a door on it is not fun . :P 
Today feels like a Friday ... :P 
A necklace just attacked me , I don't know how that's possible since it was on my dresser and I was across the room . @-@ 
Noobs ! Noobs everywhere ! 
Why wont they leave me alone ! Dx 
Yeah ! It's Thursday ! Wow this week was short . :p 
