still trying 
guys may flirt all day , but b4 they go to bed , they think about the 1 they care for most 
my lecturer passed me knowledge ... and the flu 
man i slept like a pig ... no work or school today woot ! 
effort is nothing , but at least u tried 
taking the road i believe in 
this feeling ... idk how to describe sia 
dam feeling too giddy to go for training today ... whole day in bed 
some1 help me take a photo of my tattoo leh 
pm me if u guys are interested in joining Evolve MMA gym 
feels so good just to be able to stay at home for one whole day 
Duckie told me today : You tie yourself to a pole , of course you run in circles lah ! You release yourself and you will see how far you can run liao ! 
i never knew girls can be so evil lol 
My workplace has been playing the piano version of the Titanic theme song over and over ... 

... makes me feel like jumping into the Atlantic Ocean 
any1 else going to the butter factory to party ? xD 
lol fb actually approved my new name 
how to reject some1 politely 
welcome to temptation island lol 
move on ?... or hold on ? 
the hell 2 girls were just checking me out at my workplace o.O 
i was dancing in the shower when i slipped and fell on my butt . after which i invented the Injured Butt Dance 
lol for better or worse 
Muay Thai coach : " Relax ! RELAX !! " Me : " someone pass me a barrel of beer to relax me " 
proud member of the Fallen Angels guild 
if there's no right or wrong answer , why am i still being graded ? 
decided to skip work today 
i hope my prof gets laid before he grades my exam papers ... 
i'm going to slack and stay at home all week b4 the shit hits the fan starting next week :D 
it's like catching lightning , the chances of finding someone like u - HSM 3 
muay thai , boxing , hip-hop , allods online , drawing , music , anime , running , reading , an enjoyable job , hanging out with friends , a girl that cares for me ... i love my life ! 
i've turned into a girl !! LOL 
Did You Know ? 
The Bukit Timah Nature Reserve in Singapore contains more species of trees than the entire North American continent . 
omg ... i got an A- for my japanese food module ! 
if there is a Hell , it would put u on an never-ending bus and MRT ride while enduring diarrhea 
i spent $300+ shopping , and 80% of that wasn't even for me 
no strings attached 
im made up of 80% coffee and 20% bullshit 
i ? hip-hop 
Allods online battle log : Your Elf Templar has dealt 22k dmg ( critical ) on rat ... 
... rat has died 
* epic win * 
i really didn't know how to answer u 
when u asked me just now if i was over her 
" i rather do nothing and be happy than do something i don't love at all " 
- Joy 
looking forward to partying after exams ... hm an SMS ... ( Fm : MINDEF ) You are reminded to attend your Training from 13/12/2010 07:30 to 18/12/2010 23:59 at Jurong Camp II ...... thank you i've just been **** ed 
girl : eh , do i look fat in this ? 
me : [ sings song verse ] cos u're amazing , just the way u are ~ 
girl : hor , means i look fat lar ! idiot 
me : ... i give up ... 
got awakened at 7am in the morning by a phone call by my gf ... 
Me : " Hello ? " ( sleepy voice ) 
GF : " I'm outside ur house right now with breakfast " 
Me : " Ok ... wait wha ...?! " 
stunned .... and very touched ..... tho after breakfast i went back to sleep lol 
the last 4 digits of my phone number won 1st prize in 4-D ... wtf 
" Nobody can go back and start a new beginning , but anyone can start today and make a new ending " 
... where will our road lead ? 
for every argument there is always a counter argument .... 
... so it's always better to talk things through and make peace 
lol my gf is staring at me while i type this 
i just found out the party member i always play with is a girl who lives in tampines ... what a small world ( o.O ) 
i know your type 
You're daddy's little girl 
Just take a bite 
Let me shake up your world 
' Cause just one night couldn't be so wrong 
I'm gonna make you lose control 
Cobra Starship - Good Girls Go Bad 
i have never seen a girl's room with so many soft toys before 
don't love me , cos i won't love u back 
Camped at home today to finish all my individual assignments .... finally DONE ! 
Sense of Accomplishment : MAX 
do i look so much like a playboy ? lol im so misunderstood 
i hate morning shifts 
totally cant sleep 
banned from drinking .... now it's only water , coffee and 100-plus for me D: 
for a world-class university , NUS internet connection really sucks 
3 female co-workers and me ... 
omg my mum got me a bed sheet and pillow cases with little hearts 
Tonight's YOG badminton is super exciting ! 
" We fight cos we woz born to fight . And win . " 
- Orks , Warhammer 40,000 
no money to eat lunch sia 
Vorst Urdin 
sometimes i think im dumb 
I'm thinking maybe , I can't have relationships , ' Cause lately their not making any sense . And baby , you're the one thing on my mind and that can change any time ~ 
Savor the coffee , not the cups 
The happiest people don't have the best of everything 
They just make the best of everything . 
Life's simple , you make choices and you don't look back 
hope i get hired 
sometimes i think ... it really isn't worth all the trouble 
anything which may explode at any moment is clearly a girl 
" there is always one woman to save you from another and as that woman saves you she makes ready to destroy " - Charles Bukowski 
the more i study sociology the more i think modern society is ******* screwed up 
there are certain things u can only learn through losing 
the bed is calling 
sweated alot during training .... came home .... took a shower .... 5 seconds later sweat again .... I BLAME GLOBAL WARMING 
u know u've been to the bar too many times when u go to a coffee shop and ask the uncle for Kopi- " On The Rocks " 
i can see the ending 
this is this and that is that 
i havent been smoking for a long while now , but these days i've been coughing like shit 
woohoo exams are over ! 
i'll be the perfect guy for u baby 
Perfect Man 
Irony 
i jus proved the theory that u dont hafta study to get decent grades 
... all Bs woohoo ! 
sorry santa , i've been a very bad boy this year 
came home earlier just to watch Ninja Warrior 
smile more , worry less 
" THE POWER IS YOURS ! " 
- Captain Planet 
i jus came home and now i hafta go out again 
woke up at 3am and can't go back to sleep 
today i only see 2 kinds of people : those that are emo and those that are blissed 
overslept for work , then realized it wasn't such a big deal and went back to sleep 
so many distractions 
drawing lets my imagination run free 
whichever bastard withdrew 1k from my gf's acct , i hope u rot in hell 
i actually enjoyed this reservice 
i got psycho-ed to buy roses 
gf going overseas for 3 days ........ i smell FREEDOM ! 
gonna treat myself to a massage this x'mas! 
i just found out i have 13% body fat 
rainy weather + bed = sleeping heaven 
need someone to comfort me 
the 96 bus driver jus gave all of us a free bus ride . respect 
Ultimate Frisbee is dam fun ! 
money can't buy everything , but u can't do shit without money lol 
i can be patient , but don't test my limits 
watched 2 pretty awesome movies today 
omg an article i wrote on my health blog got translated into 5 different languages on a site 
i jus become a lil more evil each day 
singapore's weather is like a girl on pms 
i've been such an idiot 
interviews , interviews , interviews 
sorry , but u aren't worth the effort 
i'm taking the magic school bus ! 
samsung galaxy tab or ipad 
lol its weird how u feel sleepy when u're awake and awake when u're trying to sleep 
off to penang for 4 days 
You don't get on by being original , bright or strong . You get on by being a subtle crook . - Master Cromwell 
' Why do people marry ? ' 
' So there can be children . ' 
' Horses don't marry . But there are foals . ' 
3 interviews tomorrow within 5 hours 
a girl sang Rihanna's " Take a Bow " just for me . really sweet 
first u push me away , now u want me close . hot and cold , sooner or later i'll crack . 
I watch the Noose more than the News 
i need a challenge 
gintama is coming back soon ! 
finding a job is like finding a girlfriend lol 
