All in all ... this has been ... actually a pretty horrid week . But life goes on . 
Two flu shots in two consecutive days HURT . 
Official loss of privacy fail ( or at least , the little privacy I had despite the release of Google maps , the Stalker's Paradise ) . 
First fencing competition on Saturday ... really nervous , but in a good way . :) 
Win painting is win !! :D I can't wait to brag about it tomorrow . < /vanity > 
Came in last in the fencing competition , but it was my first ever and all the others had been in competitions before , so I suppose it was to be expected . 
Writing Thalla <3 
If ONE MORE PERSON says the words " New Moon " I think I'm going to just take the Twilight books and burn them all . 
JACOB YOU ARE MY SAVIOUR . 
Freaking out because I can't find my Tamora Pierce and Shannon Hale books !! Where have Emperor Mage and River Secrets gone ?! 
Aelika mala puella est . :o She gets naughty whenever I go too long without writing my story ... 
People often use songs as their statuses ... why not wrote some prose of their own ? 
Cottonheaded ninnymuggins !! 
I have no plans over the holidays except for a possibility of skiing with Fiona , anyone want to get together ? The only time I'm not free so far is the morning of the 29th . 
Steve ( my stepdad ) was playing WoW and he just flew his dragon over a place called " Bor's Breath " . I lol'd . 
NOS POKEMONOS HABEMUS !! 
1 : Four Years Ago , 2 : A Flame Still Burns , 3 : Silver Lining , 4 : Fracture , 5 : Rain , 6 : Raydan's Decision , 7 : Apollo's Promise , 8 : The Princess and the Prisoner , 9 : How to Cross a Raging River , 10 : Discovered , 11 : Enemy Lands , 12 : Exile , 13 : Xanthus , 14 : Aelika Learns a Lesson , 15 : The Pursuit , 16 : Fire and Water , 17 : A ... Wary Alliance , 18 : Braving the Desert , 19 : The Burnt Lands . The Thalla chapter names , so far . 
Jumping clinic :D Sims :D Thalla :D English book report -______- 
Thanks for all the happy birthdays :) I actually started to feel fifteen a couple weeks before my birthday , mostly because mom seemed more like an alien than ever .... jk , love you mom :) 
I'm writing Thalla !!! But it's not cooperating at all ... nevertheless I WILL prevail , and finish the next two chapters before school is back in !! PROMISE !! 
The publishing company of the book beside me is caled Tor . 
14th-19th final dates . I think . I get to miss school suckas X ) Except Wednesday . Or Tuesday . It's still sketchy ... 
You know what I hate ? Gym teachers who don't realize you actually have things to do after school . 
keeps trying to think of a Thalla-related status , but can't make up anything adequately pithy at this hour . 
shitshitshitshitshitshitshitshitshitshitshitshitshitshitshitshitshitshitshitshitshitshitshitshitBEEP TESTshitshitshitshitshitshitshitshitshitshitshitshitshitshitshitshitshitshitshitshitshitshitshitshit 
Well , screw that . 
Thalla's on the move again !! Chapter 6 done , chapter 7 in progress <3 <3 <3 
WOOT CANADAAAAAAAAAAAA :D 
I wish the games would stop putting words in my mouth . No , I'm not that excited about a new fish ... 
I'm not sure whether the guy who plays Percy Jackson is cool or not cool . I mean he sorta looks like Skandar Keynes ( way cool ) but he also sorta looks like Zac Efron ( way not cool ) . Thoughts ? 
In a format as close to a proper novel as I could get , my story ( One fifth of the way finished not counting editing ) is about 90 pages . Whoo ! :D :D :D 
Chapter seven nearly done ! Chapter eight in progress . 
The Last Airbender . Is going to be a horrible adaption . The cast turned white . Except for the villain , who is now not white . Do I sense a subliminal message ? And , and , WHERE'S THE SCAR ?? 
Has anyone ever noticed that The White Witch has a lot in common with Little Rabbit Foo Foo ? I mean , they both torment small woodland creatures ... 
needs to get a move on if she wants to get all her volunteering hours done before she's old enough to get a job . 
Looking at all the Pieces of Flair , there's so much flair of Jacob shirtless that I'm beginning to wonder if he's shirtless throughout all of New Moon . Well , all the more reason not to see New Moon . :D 
is going to have a terrible March Break . 
MERRY CHRISTMAS TO ALL WHO CELEBRATE IT <3 
I CAN HAS NEW POKEMON ?? 
It gives me hope to see that a song like Wavin ' Flag is the most popular song in iTunes , and not some crap like Sexy Bitch . 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes , everyone ! <3 I'll make sure they go towards a great year of sixteenness . 
just saw a guy kayak down hogsback falls !! 
Thunder . ._. 
" Roses are brains . Violets are brains . Sugar is brains , and so are brains . " 

-Love , 
Zombies 
Jet lag . Whoo . ? _ ? 
thought she had writer's block . Then she tried a small exercise and it all came roaring out , pent up for about two months ; only then did she realize it was simply a little damming . Damn . 
Rickrolled in a restaurant for the second time in the last six months . > < 
Hei , katsokaa ! Olen käyttäen Google Translate sekoita kavereiden kanssa kauhea Suomen ! Tai pikemminkin yksi erityinen ystävä . Myös Myönnän yhteensä viisi sanaa tässä viestissä . ( Kauheaa , suomi , yksi , ja neljä) Jarku Sage Pending Virtanen ! :D Muuten , miten on teidän oppiminen tulevat perässä ? Oletan luultavasti ei voi ymmärtää paljon enemmän tästä kuin voin . Have fun trying to translate this ; I used Google , as you can tell . xD 
Frankenshtein . 
just got a corn kernel up her nose . > < 
just discovered that we have BROWNIES !! <3 
Looking at a flight to California this August : 11th to 18th , Montreal-San Fransisco airports . It's actually gonna happen :D 
This poke war has gotten to the point where it's like a daily chore : get home , get online , check email , check facebook , poke Angela , shut down facebook , do homework ... 
I swear , when I blow my nose , it sounds like a foghorn . 
Archery class , brb . 
Showers are better . 
Crossing lights are better . 
Boys are hotter . 
Views are better . 
Street people are better looking . 
Seafood is better . 
Six tall pine trees , when compared , are invariably bigger . 
In conclusion , B.C. is better than Ontario . 
There's still grass down my shirt . Margaret Wollensak . :P 
" Nicole is doing a project on the planets in the solar system . She wants to show the different effects of gravity on each planet and decides to examine the flight of an imaginary arrow that is shot straight up from the surface of the planet . " 
Would someone please explain to me how you can shoot something from the " surface " of a gas giant ? 
I just did about 50 pushups and told Alisha to try just 5 , and she was too lazy . -___- So much for the ' inspiration ' technique . 
If you're going to put an optional letter on New Brunswick , then make New Brunswick an option ! 
is having one of those ' unloved and unnoticed ' days , I think . 
How to get to Sydney from Halifax , step 73 : Kayak across the Pacific Ocean * ? s google maps * 
?? ??? ??? | Ik verloor het spel | ?????? | Ho perso il gioco | ????? ?? ???????? | Ich verlor das Spiel | J'ai perdu le jeu | ????????? | Eu perdi o jogo | ? ??????? ???? | Perdí el juego ( disclaimer : I used babel fish , so don't expect those to be entirely correct . ) 
? ? ??? ??? | ik heb het spel verloren | ?????? | Ho perso il gioco | ????? ?? ???????? | Ich habe das spiel verloren | J'ai perdu le jeu | ????????? | Eu perdi o jogo | ? ??????? ???? | Perdí el juego | Lvdvm amisi | chaill mé an cluiche | THERE . HAPPY ? 
is listening to Nightwish and feeling mildly depressed . 
Manuel Martinez = ? _ ? 
Aelika ! Run ! Be scared ! Your father just banished you ! 
48-hour weather : light sleep , heavy impatience , a few short hours of driving , some more sleep ending at about 5:00 , a short period of baggage drop-off , security , and customs , about six hours of plane , and then California for a whole week . <3 
So I tried school today . 
... still sick . 
A cause de NaNoWriMO , I have realized I should get off my lazy ass and start writing Thalla again . If nothing else , I must do it in solidarity with those who face greater challenges than I ! 
is beginning to grasp basic Finnish grammar . 
Lol , I took a quiz for which element I was and got water , then took one for which Avatar character and got a firebender . I love contradictions <3 
Haircut ! 
is downloading french songs to put on her iPod and taking the whole bilingual thing very seriously . 
" The river burbled as it carried the body under the shadow of the bridge . " Good hook for a short story ? 
These Ranger's Apprentice personality quizzes are too erratic . One Gilan , one Alyss , two Horaces , and a Halt . 
has shot three arrows and is on cloud nine , even though she doesn't seem to have the best aim in the world . 
just got herself obsessed with The Elements Song . THALLIUM . <3 
There's antimony , arsenic , aluminum , selenium , and hydgrogen and nitrogen and oxygen and rhenium , and nickel , neodymium , neptunium , germanium , and iron , americium , ruthenium , uranium ... 
Bittersweet disillusionment . The fleeting sweet explosion of the real , vivid world on your tongue , only for it to fade into a bitter aftertaste . The feeling of soil beneath your feet : so many opportunities , so many hazards . Is it better to see ? Or is it better to sleep ...? ( No hidden meaning there , just a meaningless , somewhat poetic ramble ... ) 
It's the weekend ! I now have enough time to get as far ahead with homework as possible ! :D 
So , who's going to the Stratford Festival next ( school ) year ? Cause I am ! :D 
is bored . 
Almost done studying for french and health tests . Ignoring that blissful nothing that is the geo project . 
For some reason , Microsoft Word auto-capitalizes Thalla . 
Homework tiem . T_T 
is hooked on this archery thing . And may be a natural , though it's a little early to tell . 
* writerconstipationface * 
Statistics Finland <3 Geo project made easy . 
Wait wait wait , that woman singing at the end of the Wavin ' Flag by multiple artists is JUSTIN BIEBER ? 
is back to writing Thalla , after a sumptous break of not struggling with the monsters I've created : Kielan , Leuna , Aelika , Berry , so on , so forth , etc ... 
Almost done the Top 10 part of the summative . Finland's awesome . Go there . 
Time flies when you're screaming your ass off during turbulence . 
My mom can make a Baileyface !! 
" ... for this is what it means to be a king : To be first in every desperate attack and last in every desperate retreat ... " - C.S. Lewis , the Horse and His Boy 
Nobble = when you're not sure whether you want to nom or gobble . 
opened the blinds , looked out the window , closed the blinds , and went into a lovely state of denial this morning . 
Health class = traumatized for life . 
has four tabs open and playing leekspin . 
What utterly miserable weather . 
You know what I miss ? I miss Sir Cumfrence . ): 
My cat just tried to fucking kill me . 
" Seriously , even princesses can actually be good for something , like frying people and stuff . " 
KKKOOAAAAARRNNNNNNNNNNNN . Nomnomnom . 
only hit the target once in the entire lesson ! SADFACE ! 
Nis just flirted with Cirrin . There goes the ' 6-foot tall Jussack boyfriend with an axe ' alarm . ^^' 
Estimated length of Thalla , by the time I'm done and finished editing : 559.8 pages . 
Study for science ... get bored ... have shower ... read ... read more ... check facebook ... What ? Distractions ? Naaaah . 
Was studying and listening to iPod . 
Double Rainbow song started playing . 
Lost ALL concentration . 
Need to get song off iPod . 
" Love is one of the true mysteries , " he said at last . " The truest and deepest of all . One thing , Maerad : to love is never wrong . It may be disastrous ; it may never be possible ; it may be the deepest agony . But it is never wrong . " -- Alison Croggon , The Riddle 
At the thought of only a couple weeks before summer break , I was simply on cloud nine . Then I remembered we had exams to get through . And cloud nine suddenly turned into a rain cloud . 
hello world , it's Jarku Sage Pending Virtanen saying hello via clover's facebook ~ 
now has entomophobia . And eight mosquito bites on the very small area ( lower legs ) that was not covered by heavy clothing or bug spray . 
Yay , I got a better mark on the canal run ... crap , I have to get within a minute of it on the initiative run . >.< 
I FINALLY FIGURED OUT HOW TO SET MY WATCH !!! :D 
fell off a horse . Then got back on . Ah , Darcy . Very funny . 
555 words today . That's over half of what's required for the entire week . <3 ( I figure 1000 words a week and I should finish the book before the end of this year . ) 
Archery is all about trial and error , but mostly error . 
I wish I could take the head people at BP and drown them in oil . 
Being chased by zombie-tortoises that think I have food then holding a baby python = good times . 
Ok , I did the beep test . Now may I please just crawl into a corner and die of exhaustion ? Thanks . 
Science summative . 
I think a part of me died today . 
So if laughing makes you live longer , and people are all saying ' lol ' instead of laughing ( Alisha Ding ) , should we be expecting a drop in Canada's life expectancy ? :P 
One of the default novel names in The Sims 3 is " To Mock a Killing Bird " . It made my life . 
So apparently the minimum grade for consideration at UVic ( in science ) is 67% , and 75% for early admission . So unless I suddenly decide to fail at life , I'm safe . :D 
Yay ! I'm done the geo summative ! 
........ oh snap , I'm not done yet nvm . -___- 
I hate weather . 
Dissecting owl pellets is fascinating . Whether to be enthused or disturbed by the fact that I like it , I have not yet decided . 
* study * * study * * study * * study * * study * * study * 
OMG APPLE CRUMBLE OMG YOU ARE MY SAVIOUR . <3 
He has a dry moth . 
can't find ANY writing resources on how long different fatal wounds take to actually kill a person . What sword wound would allow the recipient to live for 5-10 minutes without medical attention ? No intestine puncturage . It's too yucky . 
was having one of her fruitless novel-naming sessions when Kielan's rainheart came and hit her over the head . DERRP . 
Rain Heart for a novel name ? 
estimates that Thalla will be 154,285 words when finished but not yet edited . ( cross multiplication : approx . 60000 words multiplied by 36 chapters , the estimated total , divided by 14 , the current amount of chapters finished . It makes more sense when you write it down . I think . ) 
Microsoft word says ... 
Subduction zone : did you mean seduction zone ? 
O Writer's Block , you make me feel like a toilet . 
... Cenric , eh ? 
Well at least it has a nice ring to it . ._. ( Alisha Ding , Jarku Sage Virtanen . ) 
Everyone's so band-centric ... I wish recorder hadn't ruined it all for me so young . > < They really have to cut that . Srsly . 
Going to B.C. Hasta la vista .... baby ! :D 
WTF ? Was that actually a 5.5 ? 
Gingerbread house ! Gingerbread house ! Fill me with sweet sugary goodness ! 
Did anyone else just feel an aftershock ? 
* Wakes up * 
Summatives : Well , helllloooo there ! 
FFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU -- 
Nope , not German . Stupid karma , what have I done wrong this time ? 
Examface . ? _ ? 
New B.C. terms : 
Salmon shake : a handshake 
Orca sausages : seals 
Speed bumps : kayakers 
R.I.P. Dobby . </3 
I have come to a conclusion . When I can't answer a question on tomorrow's bio test , I will simply write , " The FSM made it so . " 
has reclaimed her facebook from the scheming and nefarious Jarku Sage Pending Virtanen . 
Conscious thought : La di da , look at all the lovely distractions out there ! 
Subconscious : WRITE YOU FOOL . 
Psht NAH , that's a TERRIBLE idea . <3 
Words : 50570 . 
Thalla is officially a novel . 
EEW a fly landed on my laptop's screen D: 
Derp ! Derp ! Derp ! 
Dear tips assignments , 
YOU SUCK . 
<3 Clover 
So I had this dream that Justin Bieber went to our school . 
Everyone switched out of his classes . xD 
Total words of Thalla written today : 0 . This is gonna be a long year ... 
may attempt to learn some basic German over the summer . 
Rereading my favourite book <3 
It's not too late , it's never too late ... ( Three Days Grace <3 ) 
woke up so late this morning that she had barely any time to get ready , got awful marks on the tests she thought she did well on , failed once again to answer questions she knew at reach , didn't understand a thing in math , and has so much homework she won't be able to go to fencing . 
Hello , Monday . 
is now Pastafarian . Flying Spaghetti Monster is love ! 
" If pro is opposite of con , then what is the opposite of progress ? " 
Important note : Rusaba Alam is actually Stewy Bluewy making a FB account for her against her will . :P 
Behemoth AND Halt's Peril are out on Tuesday ? WHAT IS THIS I DON'T EVEN . How am I supposed to choose which to read first !? T-T 
Dear Ottawa , 
See you next week . 
-Clover 
Buses on holiday schedule Monday . Does anyone else really not want to go to school ? Alisha Ding , Angela Li , Evy Kassirer ? My parents will let me ditch if nobody goes . xD 
Flying is so much more boring when there's nobody to yak to . 45 minutes of hangman and I only lost 3 timers ... failure . 
So I taste iron and feel lightheaded after I cough . 
I get the feeling this isn't a good sign . >> 
Wait , perspicacious is actually a real word ? 
MINDBLOWN . 
MEDIEVAL TIMES <3 
Me : * wakes up * Oh , what a beautiful morning ! 
Civics summative : RAWR . 
Me : FFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUU -- 
" I hate Mondays . " -Garfield 
AAAHHH first steampunk Ottawa event on the 19th <3 
Update : The foghorn nose-blowing sound has been upgraded to " dying dinosaur . " 
VRAIMENT , VRAIMENT , VRAIMENT ... 
just had an urge to look through all her binders . Is it really that time of year already ? 
Finally , a perfect night for hot chocolate . <3 
My birthday is in 13 days . 
HOLY SHITTTTTTTTT . 
OHMIGAWD I JUST SAW A FACEBOOK AD FOR BEHEMOTH . 
IT MADE MY LIFE . 
So we meet again , Ottawa , my nemesis . What hot , stifling , and humid tricks have you up your sleeve this time ? 
My little brother , as he hands me pads : " Do you want them on your laptop ? " 
Omg . I love Eclipse so much . <3 I haven't been on him in MONTHS ... forgot how easy riding is when I'm on him . xD 
Write something with the following words : book , pomegranate , poster , game , and ( neon green ) . 
YOU'RE ON . 
WTF VOLGER I MEAN SERIOUSLY WTF GEEZ 
Eh . 
Dear homework , 
Take a long walk off a short pier , pl0x . 
OMG FRENCH CLASS SEATING FFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUU- 
Ezra Poplove and Jesse Wang : Ok , so one of you sent a bit more than a page and the other didn't send anything . Just warning you , I edited the grammar and so on , but unless you want a severely lacking dialogue , I suggest beefing up your lines . My job was to edit , not write 2/3 of it . 
Wow , Thursdays seem to suck almost as much as Mondays . What do they have in common ? Well , for one , they both seem to be HORRIBLE AND RAINY . 
Frickin ' Leuna has gone and decided to fall in love WAY ahead of schedule . -_____- 
Those who know do not talk . 
Those who talk do not know . 
Stop talking , 
meditate in silence , 
blunt your sharpness , 
release your worries , 
harmonize your inner light , 
and become one with the dust . 
From Tao Te Ching , Chapter 56 
As translated by j . h . mcdonald , 199 
is currently experiencing non-Asian denial issues . 
New year's resolution : Finish Thalla . 
FFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU 
Keep calm and read books 
Aaand , thanks to shitloads of homework , I'm not even excited about Stratford anymore . FML 
Welcome to civics and careers class . Watch as we turn you all into thoughtless little liberals . ( I mean , yeah , I prefer liberal over conservative , but this is getting ridiculous . ) 
Omg I love Khan Academy . <3 
Ceiling cat : 960 people like this . 
Basement cat : 1940 people like this . 
I believe these figures speak for themselves . 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH ! 
BEHEMOTH ! 
Aahhh the new guy from Glee ! <3 
Optics unit test AAAAAAAAGHHHHHHHHHHH . 
Just took a look at Helsinki on google maps . Holy crap , it's like , a city made of islands ! At least , the southern part . 
Rawr . 
" You are a company of fools , then , but at least you are loyal fools . " -- Xanthus , chapter 17 
Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day . Teach a man to fish and he will eat for a lifetime . Teach a man to create an artificial shortage of fish and he will eat steak . 
- Jay Leno 
Mr. McCabe : Your summative should be about 3 pages . 
Me : 6.5 pages , BOOYAH . 
OSHIT I FORGOT TO BRING MY SCIENCE STUFF HOME 
Thank you , Stratford Trip , for some of the best 45 hours of my life . <3 
The only thing I remember from my dream is a warning . " Beware the amoebas swirl ! " 
The time is ripe . The craze surrounding Potter and Twilight is ever-so-slowly diminishing from a din to a murmuring . 
WRITEWRITEWRITEWRITEWRITE 
" To be is to do " ~ Socrates 
" To do is to be " ~ Sartre 
" Do be do be do " ~ Frank Sinatra 
The tooth fairy : all she wants for Christmas is your two front teeth . Bless her modest soul . 
Trends . Yay . 
Like this and I'll write a letter to you . Dear ________ , you have a cute ______ . If we were in a room together I would _______ . You and I should _______ . If you hugged me I would _______ . You are _______ . I'd get your name tattooed on my ________ . You have just been dared to make this your status . 
" Take them for a ride on the trollercoaster!' 
So apparently I have the same birthday as Elvis . ... Cool . 
Gonna wake up in the mornin ' feeling like ... I have a huge french test . 
WOW 2011 IT'S SO INTENSE 
So haikus are cool ? 
What a funny little trend . 
I shall play along . 
Words written today : 344 . Not as much as I'd have liked , but better than yesterday . xD 
I just discovered the airbrush tool on gimp . 
LOVELY FLEECY FLUFFY CLOUDS LAAAHHLAHAAAHHHHH 
still feels like shit . I hate being sick . T-T 
Alveoli . 
I can't get over how much it sounds like a type of pasta . -______- 
Merry Christmas to all , and to all a good night . <3 
The Gaga Law : 
( RAH)² ( AH)³ + RO ( MA + MAMA ) + ( GA)² + OOH(LA)² = Bad Romance . 
( Come on , it's kind of sort of maybe studying for science . ) 
I can't believe I'm doing this . Like this status and I'll tell you : 
1 . If you're ugly , cute or hot : 
2 . If you're rude , nice or sweet : 
3 . If I had a crush on you : 
4 . Where we met : 
5 . Guess your favourite colour : 
6 . Rate : 1-10 : 
7 . I dare you to put this as your status . 
Sometimes jerks try to bring you down , but all you really have to remember is that the bigger the assholery , the smaller the balls . 
I rarely copy and repost , but the following is of critical importance ! Tomorrow Facebook will change its settings to allow Zombies to come into your house while you sleep and eat your brains with a sharpened spoon . To stop this from happening go to Account > Home Invasion Settings > Cannibalism > Brains and un-check the " Tasty " box . Please copy and repost . 
What's up with this whole homophobia thing , anyway ? I don't get it . 
VERY IMPORTANT !! Alisha Ding , Jarku Sage Virtanen : 
What do you think of the following as renames for Berry ? 
Aeron , Bluen , Cefin , Geraint , Glaw , Islwyn , Owain , Sior . 
( Because as much as I like it , Berry is a ridiculous name . ) 
THE HELL , BLAINE . TAKE A HINT . YOU NO LONGER DESERVE KURT . D: ( Yeah , I just finished watching Glee ... ) 
Dye hair black = look like Maerad . 0_o 
I sneeze loudly , and my computer beeps . I think it's trying to tell me something ... 
In [ soviet ] french class , YOU troll EXAM . 
What happens when two fires collide ? Do they burn each other up ? Keep going ? Maybe I should take physics in gr11 after all ... -____- 
I hate being sick . ._. 
Jarku Sage Virtanen , Alisha Ding : 
Renames for Berry : Alun , Amynedd , Anwar , Berwyn , Brannoc ( love that one ) , Corryn , Emlyn , Fychan , Glynn , Meurig , Myrddin , Pendaran ( like this too ) Teithi , Wynn ? 
Berry is now known as Pendaran !! :D 
Why won't this sickness go away ? I want to live my life again . :( 
Courses next year : 
Core French 
Functions and Relations 
Physics 
Introduction to Anthropology , Psychology , and Sociology 
English 
Chemistry 
World History to the 16th Century 
AP Writer's Craft 
Time flies like an arrow . Fruit flies like a banana . 
LOLGLEE . 
Organic 70% dark chocolate ? 
Tastes like music . <3 
When in doubt , stop stumbling . @_@ 
Accidentally forgot to capitalize Aelika's name . 
Microsoft Word autocorrected . 
<3 
Now I have a giant bruise on my elbow and IT'S ALL THANKS TO Alan Zhang !! 
Alisha Ding : " If we got together , my hand would never part from his stomach " 
LOLOLOLOLOLOL . Mike Chang <3 
Emo Shao , Puddle , Baafaa , the nickname list just keeps growing ... 
Scissor sisters were awesome ... Next up lady gaga :D 
OMG . Just ... omg . Lady Gaga was ... I don't even have the words for how awesome that was . 
What is sexism ? Why does it exist ? Women are to frivolous and whiny as men are to thoughtless and sex-obsessed . People must either accept both , and thus be misanthropic , or accept that both genders have equal virtues and pitfalls . If you discriminate against just one or the other , all you're doing is lying to yourself . 
Sending hope and love to those who have suffered and are still suffering as a result of the recent 8.9 magnitude earthquake in Japan . :( 
Just got up and did 100 jumping jacks because I felt like it . xD 
My main character is a great shot with a bow . 
He's blond , and on the tall side . 
He's a bit of a prettyboy . 
... LEGOLAS ? 
England , brb 
Going to see a castle today . 
And how's YOUR march break going ? :D 
Soyeah . 
London . 
No biggie . :D 
I just cantered a horse around Hyde Park . 
AWYEAH . 
I just caught myself thinking with an English accent . 
I wonder how long Twilight would be if it was cut down to the plot-related material ? 
Home . 
It's cold . 
Can I go back to England ? 
Dear lord , the Game . 
IT'S BEEN MONTHS . 
Go away . >> 
Dear Mr. Golding , 
You jerk . 
Stop killing little boys . 
Can't wash this red paint off my fingers . I could have done Simon's diary , but NOOOOO , I had to do Jack's ... T________T 
Now on high alert for stomach flu . -____- 
OMG ALL THE BATTLES it took me almost the whole day to finish . Thanks a lot Mr. Turner . -___- 
Is everyone excited for the LITERACY TEST tomorrow ? :D 
Considering quitting/deactivating FB so that I have more time to spend constructively . ( And looking at the calendar , I should probably add that it isn't an April Fools ' Day joke . Unfortunate coincidence . ) Does anyone think this would be detrimental ? 
FRIDAY FRIDAY GOTTA GET DOWN ON FRIDAY 
Glee . What is this . 
That being said , I will now leave facebook again . 
I'm back on Facebook . 
KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS ? 
I FINISHED MY BOOK . 
Anyone know a literary agent ? 
An animal that consumes only meat or other animals is called a what ? 
A . omnivore 
B . herbavore 
C . carnivore 
D . consumavore 
LOL 
My hands smell like formaldehyde . O . < 
Sick . >_< 
Beginning a ( second in a series ) novel with the antagonist : good idea , bad idea ? 
27 pages of bio notes and 1.5 units to go . :D 
It's beginning to sink in . No more school for two months . I'm starting to get rather scared . >> 
NYAN CAT STUCK IN MY HEAD AAAAARRRGGGHHHHHHH 
Men don't get women . Women don't get men . Don't you think a little communication might help ? xP 
Why are girls never main characters in any movies except romantic comedies ? It's fine to watch guys going around waving guns and swords , but I'd like to see someone I can identify with once in a while ... 
Weather statuses , anyone ? 
Might deactivate FB again . It wastes so much time . > < 
... you know what I hate ? Not being able to walk . 
First realization : Oh hey , it's Independence Day . Good for the Americans . 
Second realization : CRAP REPORT CARDS TOMORROW 
Doctor says it's a sprain . I say I don't care what the hell it is , I just want to walk normally again . >.< 
Watching everyone's statuses about summer school . Laughing silently and reveling in freedom . 
First mosquito bite of the season ? 
IT'S ON 
" Only in math problems can you buy 60 cantaloupes and nobody asks what the hell is wrong with you . " 
Still no report card ? 
#1 rule for feminists : If you want to be respected by men , then respect them too . It's a two-way street . 
380 is a very sorry mark for somebody who has written a novel . 
The three words thou shalt not rhyme : high , fly , and sky . 
" If I Had a Dinosaur " is like the kids ' version of " If I Had a Million Dollars " 
Yesterday I had " It's Raining Men " in my head . Today it's " Love the Way You Lie . " 
FML 
Novel name ? Check . Series name ? NOT CHECK AAARGHAAPHSSHHHRRRAH . xP 
Why would they use sterilized needles for death by lethal injection ? 
So I read The Hunger Games . Reactions : 
a ) Team Peeta hands-down . 
b ) Collins ' writing isn't very good . Her comma splices make me cringe . 
c ) This is where we're going in 100 years . 
d ) Love . Want Catching Fire . 
e ) DAMMIT . RUE . WHY . WHYYY . </3 
