can see why sonata artica is touring with dragonforce 
needs his geo teacher to e-mail him 
haha through out his neck at Xplicit but dosen't care because IT WAS AWESOME 
is finally done with exams 
want's to go to all these fantastical metal shows but is not sure if he'll have the cash . 
not sure if he's gonna go to In Flames and Killswitch 
ok i lose 4 marks out of 100 if i don't present huh should i do it ? 
just saw sammi at his work 
is going through narcosynthesis 
damn it why isn't there a zune mzrketplace in canada 
wants a fried egg sandwich 
shame on you Voldermort putting buckley's in the bowl and making Dumbledore drink it * tsk * * tsk * 
want's jfac to come to wpg 
could use a fone 
SHIT ! has to go back to Montreal to get some new purple socks 
thinks his dad should go to australia this next week . 
wish he didn't have to work at stupid safeway today 
MAGGOT FETUS TEETH LIKE THORNS ! 
Xplicit , Dreadnaught tonight YES . but i don't 200 something people will fit in the park thearter 
liar liar plants for hire 
yeah red shoe laces and divine heresy ! 
22 hours and 40 minutes untill the doors open for slayer 
dosen't wanna go to school tommorow 
went to grand forks and bought cds 
needs to get the dates for some shows 
number 1 listener of behemoth and there new album on the zune social ........ kinda lame :P 
heading to work , working in produce 
sad face my purple socks are ripping 
26 hours and 9 minutes untill SLAYER 
going someplace to spend money on something he dosen't want to . 
blacken the everything by Evil Scarecrow is a pretty emoey song good though 
gots safeway tenure 
joining the Odin Brotherhood 
DAMN IT STEVE WISON WHY MAKE A REMIX ALBUM AND NOT MAKE REMIX MORE CLEAR 
goping to shcool now sad face 
captain Jake is still a retard 
thinks we should give are children to the war machine 
in PA for the weekend for thanksgiving 
going to get get some cds .,.......,....,..,,,..,,,,. wish me luck 
just ate some pizza that tasted like breakfast 
we belive in god but unlike america we do not trust 
when i'm down i drve the hearse 
this is very important C : \Users\MacKenzie\Documents\My Received Files\PokemonPsychology . txt 
unfortunatly my dad's are going to call more than once every ten years 
lost the address of peoples and is now lost 
is rereading the Ellenium . I may have misspelt that ..... 
" THE SUPER AWESOME TEAM OF CUPCAKE JUSTICE " 
damn it norman bethune why couldn't you have more 
comic con was indeed decent 
just ate a head of lettuce and is now going to bed 
finished his history essay 
lost and still we ride 
the asian behind is counting her hair 
just got his concert tickets for the next two month so Gabe if you bought me a ticket thank you but you can just give that to Monty 
wishes he could be goin to the monsters of death tourt tonite 
thinks Mr. Montgommery should go to GWAR 
still needs a ticket to comic con 
Can't stop myself drinking Can't stop being me If I call will you come and will you save me ? I see the whole thing come down I blow it to the ground Well what the hell did you say ? You said you hate me this way It's just a matter of time A drop in the ocean A significant motion Nothing melts in this cold But Russia on ice is burning a hole 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3HVFsIQ5M4 
there is a mathimatical formule that defines http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cousin#Determining_cousin_type 
IT'S THE BONE DRY FRIDAY NIGHT BADGER ANTICIPATION HOUR 
Zombie Land and Elfen Lied tonight is good 
lol Squidward is a communist 
hey wait what blankets don't have souls 
off to work soon 230-630 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w0T2dPyCEHc 
woot 131 Porcupine Tree songs 
cats to being tired 
thinks gym is the most useless subject ever 
is not happy that he sold his soul to Apple ..... 
The slaving clench their fists pleading for a redesigned future as they reach the brink of renouncement 
GAH dosen't want to work tonight ............ any way GO TO DMC 
still can't feel the tips of his fingers 
pie rockets in flight afternoon delight ! 
why does trivium have to play a 18+ show 
teach the kids good , beat the kids good and tie them up 
' s 360 is back in working condition 
China-1 Canada-0 
Ok then my account was hacked but i belive I fixed it soooo please regard any of my current acctivites .... 
Im a gay homo faggot that fucks horses , do you still love me ? 
Why yes I did rip the wings off a charizard and put them on a mudkip . 
protest the hero march 29 @ the elice theater not sure if im excited ... 
Thought Senri's hair was red . 
4 days 1 hour and 25 minutes until pokemon heart gold and soul silver . 
Rain , come down , and fall forever Drain , the dirt , into the wasteland Pray , for sound , to quiet the howling Feel , no shame , too brave Feel , afraid , to wait forever Kneel , to fade , the day's corrosion Crawl , depart , towards perdition Gray , the part , the bruise within you Feel , no shame , too brave Feel , afraid , to wait forever Forever Feel , no shame , too brave Feel , afraid , to wait forever 
SATSUGAI SATSUGAI SE YO ! 11 ! 
Ok Luc Carlson thinks The Rocky Horror Picture Show is gay . HE IS WRONG ! 
14.3 hours of King Diamond thank you Zach Cognitive Fournier . 
I'M A NIGHT SURGEON ! 
O NOEZ Z INTERWEBZ IZ DOWN ! 
Tyler Plishke and Alex Miki gave without a doubt the best discours of the year . 
is rereading Rave Master 
So instead of sleeping I stayed up all night listening to Sunn O ))) it was an evening well spent . 
I forgot how good the Arctic Monkeys were . 
EVIL PREVAILS ! 
Finally got some new shoes :D 
probably could have handled that better . 
YAY 12 , 6 HOURS OF MEGADETH ! 
DON'T PULL MY TASSELS 
Remember remember the fifth of November . 
NEED NEW MANGA !! 
CLONE HIGH . 
I really can not believe the conversations I end up having with Sara Xtofer Daher . 
Please internet snipers don't kill me . 
God damn hipsters . 
If tickets to Bodom weren't like fifty bucks I'd totes buy one . 
I love adventuring . 
I wonder if anybody will get this . 
Amon Amarth was the bee's knees . 
GRAAAAAAAAAAAAAVES !!!!!!!!! 
Broken foot lol . 
Allen Antifagoff . 
Forget your own agenda , get ready to be sold . 
The Pokemon Adventures Manga is soooooo intense ! 
Fuck , Dimmu is touring with Enslaved and of course they're skipping out on Winnipeg . 
I hate myself for it , but I bought the new iPod . 
" Winter is coming " better line . 
Just realised 80% of the photos on my ipod are either Insanity Wolf or alt art . 
I want Mr. Gojira to be my driving instuctor . 
Woods of Ypres are playing Winnipeg May 15th super pumped ! 
Just saw Assassin's Creed can't wait for the second . 
People are great . 
I've been listening to nothing but Batlord for four days now , I'm feeling content . 
Blind Guardian put on a fucking great show ! 
Shirts at Motorhead were more expensive then the tickets themselves . 
12 hours until Sonata Arctica :D 
HOW SHOULD PORCUPINE TREE BE USED WHAT ARE THE SEXUAL VISIONS OF PORCUPINE TREE WHAT ARE THE SET AND SETTINGS OF VOYAGE 34 SHOULD ANYONE BE ALLOWED TO GO ON VOYAGE 34 DOES PORCUPINE TREE CAUSE HALLUCINATIONS HOW LONG DOES VOYAGE 34 LAST IS PORCUPINE TREE HABIT FORMING WHAT EFECTS DOES VOYAGE 34 HAVE DOES PORCUPINE TREE POSE A DANGER DOES PORCUPINE TREE CAUSE INSANITY ARE THERE SUBSTITUTES BEING SOLD AS PORCUPINE TREE 
Finntroll - Vindfärd / Människopesten . 
~ Punch your card ' cause your working day has started and you're pushing hard for employee of the month You got your tools of business and They're bloodied by your clients and You're off to work with your Briefcase full of guts ~ Off to work . 
GOD DAMN IT DARK TRANQUILLITY !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Mikael Åkerfeldt is fucking hilarious . 
Big Fudge fever 
Korpiklaani is just too good . 
DEATH IN FIRE !!!!!! 
GAH they rule 34'd Toki and Skwisgaar . 
Maybe it's time to stop swimming . 
Is putting duct tape on his shoes . 
Whimsical Uproar , Tortured Souls , 
For these fuckin ' sounds my angry heart calls 
Canadian metal , just obey 
On your weak sounds ( new plastic metal ) we will prey ... 
Poor Toki ): 
This is a hate song just meant for you I thought that I'd write it down while I still could I hope when you hear this you'll want to sue . Oh it's a lonely life in my empty bed And it's a quiet life that leaks from my head These are the last rites The line is dead . Yes , I'm hearing voices too And I'm more cut up than you 
Happy birthday James Potter . 
Heading to the Garrick for Amon Amarth , it's gonna kick ass . 
fuck ... 
Too much DBZ not enough sleep . 
Should probaly start calling people about tommorow . 
My mom just made me a sammich how expected . 
Murmaider sounds like poprocks . 
A body is washed up on a Norfolk beach He was a friend that I could not reach He thought I was cold but I understand But for the grace of God goes another man 
french class would be hell without Maddi . 
Why can't paint balls taste good ? 
Just got kicked out , summon the roflcopter . 
~ Keep on galloping my black horse carrying me to unknown shores through these outlandish woods , and with confidence back home ! ~ 
Had a great time with Zach Cognitive Fournier , Rebekah Splandiferous Wilson and Logan Sharkey , at teh zoo , even though it was closed . 
DnD furk yars ! 
Cassie Sanngriðr is my hero . 
I just snorted my arm hair . 
FUCK YOU MUSIC INDUSTRY I'M A PIRATE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
The saddest moment of my life was when Red is turend to stone in the first pokemon movie . 
I acctualy enjoy the music being spammed on to /b/ . 
SONATA ARCTICA KICKED FUCKING ASS SOOOOO GREAT , GOT A DRUMSTICK , A SETLIST AND PEOPLE ARE GREAT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
SO MANY BICKS HAVE JUST BEEN SHAT I'M NOT GONNA SLEEP FOR THE REST OV THE YEAR :DDDDDDDDDDDDDD 
I need to purchase magic cards . 
Sup . 
Just did 78 damage on a crit :D 
Their isn't anything to do but listen to Ahab and finish my jacket . 
Invader Zim is more important then sleep . 
Safari is dildos . 
I am the conjuror of demons , I'm the father of your death , I bring forth the ancient evil , I control his every breath , I instigate your misfortune , With the birth of killing trolls , I awaken Armageddon , Feeding on a thousand souls AWAKEN ! 
Is up listening to nature . 
Toy Story Three was a fantastical movie , to many seven year olds though . 
THOR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I AM THE MUTHER FUCKIN ROBO COP !!!!!!!!!! 
RAGE !!! AGAIN I MISS MOST OF VIMY !!!! 
I should really stop eating myself ... 
~ In the rain in cellphane 
Pale dogs and demigods 
They won't bring me down 
The clocks go round , they never stop ~ 
I would like to thank the Alec Antifaiff and Luc Carlson taxi service without you this wouldn't have worked . 
I'm outside for 30 gurd derm minutes and I Get a sunburn , Curse my ginger blood . 
Finally finished his english commentary :DDD 
Run through forests on a hot Summer day Trying to break down walls of numbing pain Give me the freedom to destroy Give me radioactive toy Taste the water from a stream of running death Eat the apple and cough a dying breath Feel the sun burning through your black skin Pour me into a hole , inform my next of kin Run through graveyards on a dusty Winter day Spit the dirt out and try to say ... 
Got a phone if you need to reach me call 204-471-3575 
Great weekend spent in PA , now it's only a nine hour drive home . 
For the umpteenth time Cassandra Rose Wright is my hero . 
feels batman . 
FUCK ! NERGAL HAS MOTHER FUCKING LEUKEMIA !!! 
Gamma ray burst , I SALUTE YOU ! 
Happy Norwegian National Day . 
Chemistry exam in eight hours and twenty two minutes . 
I should probably get off /mu/ . 
VICTORY OR VALHALLA !!!!!!!!!!! 
Going to go eat some suspicious soup . 
Hold the heathen hammer high with a battle cry 
For the pagan past I live and one day will die 
Hold the heathen hammer high , never turn away 
Ever true unto your forefathers stalwart stay 
Hold the Heathen Hammer high with a battle cry 
Down the wayward way so far faring strangers stray 
Hold the heathen hammer high 
ADVENTURED !!!!!!!!! 
My brother has a mangina . 
say what ! 
My diabeetus was so bad , I couldn't sleep for a year ! 
Adora walks her way 
through the forest in the night . 
The moon is shining brightly . 
through the forest 
and the trees whisper to her . 
RIP Dio . 
People should seed more . 
I've been watchinhg DBZ for seventeen hours straight and no that is not over nine thousand minutes , but it is over nine thousand seconds :D 
Enough Saiyuki , time for english . 
The zombie walk was pretty snazzy . 
I really wish I could have stayed at Vimy longer . 
BATHORY BATHORY BATHORY BATHORY BATHORY BATHORY BATHORY BATHORY 
MUSIKK 
MAYHEM IS COMING ???? 
http://www.newgrounds.com/portal/view/537864 
Hey Mr. Science Guy ... don't spray that aerosol in my eye ... for ... I don't really wanna die . I'm a noble rabbit ... 
Bodom and BLS , I'm ok with this . 
Water fights , fuck yeah ! 
according to Sara Xtofer Daher , MacGruber is an excellent film . 
Don't forget to buy Maiden's new CD it comes out on the 17 of August . 
Loves Victoria De . . . XD 
Done exams , now english project . 
must play more Dungeons and Dragons . 
Vimy tonight :D 
Happy 43rd birthday Steven Wilson 
Clone High was the greatest show ever to be cancelled . 
Fuck I hated that show ! If I didn't get out of there when I did I would have committed a fucking hate crime ! Fuck ! 
PAZUZUUUUUUUUUUUU !!!! 
Fuck yeah Super Saiyan Goku . 
They're walking by the night 
The Moon has frozen blue 
Long black coats a shelter for the rain 
Their load must get through 

Now bats are leaving their trees 
They're joining the call 
Seven Satanic Hell Preachers 
Heading for the hall 
Bringing a blood of a newborn child 
Got to succeed , if not it's Satan's fall 
I really hope I miss Automan.ca 
To tired to do shit , sleep then exam then project this will work . 
Can you over dose on torrenting ? Because I think I just might . 
So fucking tired after chilling with people 
Thinking of duct taping the left arm of my jacket . 
ALL FOR THE SKWISGAAHL ? 
Darn you pocket dials ! 
BLIND GUARDIAN !!! 
so i really really love horses guys , they just make me excited beyond belief and anyone who knows me knows my facination for bestiality and other fun stuff like rape , and period blood . and dont forget about the fact that i like to fuck the soft part of a babys skull , shits so cash 
Fuck yeah , three more episodes until Goku goes super saiyan . 
I would have been happy if I all I got was headphones , but more is generally good . 
Great night . It should have lasted longer . 
Freak you Facebook , I did not want the new profile and now it's forced upon me . 
FUCK YEAH MAIDEN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
The suns up , time for bed . 
Fuuuuuuuuck I just don't care anymore . 
BAAAAAAATLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORD !!!!!!! 
I could have adventured harder . 
Iron Maiden tonight :D 
Fucking sleep I don't want you too take me now . 
I'm still pissed off that Mayhem canceled there North American tour . 
Why do I get such weird looks whenever I wear my duct taped jacket ? 
My headphones are fucking broken and I just fucking bought them , fuck . 
I done goofed . 
89 damage on a crit fuck yeah ! 
The six would come first but you'd pronounce ninety-six . 
All these anti-ginger groups make me sadface , only three more years and my magic is gone and I get to laugh at the gingers . 
Optimus Prime Danger Bathory Quothorn Toki Skiwgelf Pickles Explosion Murderface Red Yummy Nemo Jani Liam Poorighus Odin Tarquin Underspoon Smith the 8th . The only child that will ever be tolerable . Thank you Rebekah PooRiggus Wilson for providing some of the genetics . 
SNOW ={ D 
Lucas is a home owner . 
FUCK YEAH http://boards.4chan.org/vp/ 
Remember remember the fifth of November gunpowder , treason and plot . I see no reason why gunpowder , treason should ever be forgot ... 
Had a rather crazy night , thankfully no one was seriously injured . 
Next campagin I'm going to be the Tarrasque . 
Divine Heresy put on one hell of a show . 
Just dropped 60$ on CDs , probably going to drop another 40 tommorow . 
79 damage with a crit new record :D 
Did you see those mini clouds around those lights !? 
Fuck those are sweet ! 
Psssssssssssssssssssssst 
Lucas is the most comfortable person I know 
R.I.P. Necky the neck beard 10/31/10 - 11/12/10 . 
270 down McGillivray , Taco Bell , and now Samurai Jack . Pretty good night if I do say so myself . 
WHO THE FUCK IS THE TOURIST !!!!!!!!!!!!!?????????? INB4 I AM THE TOURIST 
When life gives you lemons you clone those lemons and make super lemons . 
-Principal Scudworth 
Dnd is starting back up after midterms my excitement knows no bounds ! 
Sally is a drunk pirate tiger . 
I've missed buying music . 
After almost two years I have finaly managed to get myself a copy of the Prose Edda . 
Tonight was very snazzy . 
I can't get enough Porcupine Tree . 
Fuck Autopac . 
I really have to stop buying music I'm losing all my money . 
The repellent scars of abandon and election - Deathspell Omega 
In Portage La Prairie , being McCandless . 
I must be better by Friday . 
It's going to take three hours to move all of my music on to Fern's external hard drive , guess I'll just play more Bejeweled . 
Machete should be more violent . 
I cut a chunk out of my finger today at work , it's very bleedy . 
Petty as fuck . 
MONOPOLY !!!!!!!!!! 
God damn cold . 
Darn Male Nurse , not working this weekend . 
Facebook is forcing me too upgrade to the new profile . Do not want . 
another night of meaning to do homework down the drain . 
It's an Agalloch sort of week . 
And while we're there we can go to McBurgers . 
Is lucky that Luc Carlson did NOT just post that he's gay ! 
I feel so unsure about things right now . 
I don't want to go to 3OH ! 3 . 
Is in Portage La Prairie again , but this time I have a reason more then just wanting mcdicks . 
Done midterms , time to chillax and wait for Dungeons and Dragons to recommence . 
I no longer have two ipods . 
She'd have hair like Captain Hook . 
I hate Apple with the blinding fury of a thousand suns . 
Ryan Felix Hudzick is such a pal , I owe you one . 
Phantoms like a mother fucker ! 
I'm getting all mopey over my lack of Zune . 
Primordial is easily becoming one of my favourite bands . 
Megszentségteleníthetetlenségeskedéseitekért 
Agalloch , Taake , and Sunn 0 ))) it's a good start . 
Gwar was pretty dece . 
Found a flex-o-ladder . 
Hello my name is Mackenzie and I have the best girlfriend ever . Alec sucks cock and luc sucks his own . K thanks . 
Sup 
Don't Mr. Dr. Professor me , Mr. Dr. Professor Smith . 
I Fuck niggers I I Fuck niggers 
Triptykon shirt :) 
Try not to suck any dick on the way to the parking lot . 
I can get rid of the neck beard =D 
The new story arc for Bleach doesn't seem to bad . 
The funeral is today , hope everyone who was invited can come pay their respects . 
I got hashbrown hands !? 
Happy Deth-day to Cassie Sanngriðr Wright 
The best part about having to work on a major project for school is that I get too organize my music library and check facebook every other second . 
Had a pretty snazzy day , unfortunately my phone broke , and I'm ipod-less for most of tomorrow . Fuck . 
I'm now done french for the rest of my high school life :D 
ON BELVIDERE !!!!!!!! 
NEW NOKTURNAL MORTUM 
Happy Birthday Richard Barbieri 
Instant transmission would come in handy , in pretty much every situation . 
I'm not a robot ... 
SCROBBLE YOU PIECE OF SHIT IPOD !!! 
lost a toe nail while making toast . 
Free ? bacon for Scudworths ? Why I'm a Scudworth ! 
Is chilling in the Church of Scientology pre-Devildriver show . 
Vinyl is the music format of the future . 
Porcupine Tree :DDDDD 
Wrote an essay for my world issues class on zombies and the French Revolution . 
just punched Luc so hard he shat himself . 
shit 
I really don't like the people around me right now . 
Goblin Cock is dildos . 
Lucas is mugging his mother . 
Time to start listening to The Bends . 
Darn my melancholy . 
Motorhead put on a snazzy as fuck show . 
I apologize for plugging up your news feed with my links . 
See you later elevator . 
TOBOGGANING 
Pokemon Black and White comes in 25 days 7 hours 54 minutes 45 seconds . 
I apologize to Michelle Thacker and Luc Carlson , I was neither deceased or ignoring you to . I was asleep . That is all . 
*** would let my Mother peg him . 
I've spent around 15 hours of my life playing Bejeweled on facebook .... That's quite the waste , I could have been playing Pokémon . 
It's been eight months but I finally got my Dragon Ball Zed Raging Blast back . 
Dressing as formal as he can tomorrow . Chuck Taylor's , hummingbird toque , band shirt / hoodie , jeans and my cans . Formal as fuck . 
I don't even want to lurk , but what else am I going to do ? 
I hope everyone that went to go see Finntroll tonight has a blast , wish I could be there too . 
Hopefully this does not end in a complete and utter disaster , as per the uge . 
The Aries lives !!!!!! 
Why would anyone not wish to be a jellyfish ? 
I sold all my hair for crack . 
Kelvin High school is on fire < 8) > 
It is even going to have a compact disc player . It is going to be SICK ! 
The princess did not know the dragon was a dragon because the dragon had really good penmanship . 
Time to go to a concert . 
Yann Tiersen and Breathe Owl Breathe put on an amazing show at the WECC tonight . 
Kataklysm starts in a hour and I am working until nine less then a block away , fuck . 
Fuck yeah Kataklysm !!!! 
Just FDUCKERDI999888 MY KNEE IN THE ASS : 0 :) 
Yay hospital ! 
I lerv me some sassafrass router Hayes in my jeans in my great aunts birthday 
AMODEOUS AMODEOUS AMODEOUS AMODEOUS AMODEOUS AMODEOUS AMODEOUS AMODEOUS AMODEOUS AMODEOUS AMODEOUS AMODEOUS AMODEOUS AMODEOUS AMODEOUS AMODEOUS AMODEOUS 
The new pokémon games come out in 11 hours and 51 minutes :D 
Just bought the new Pokemon :D 
I have already logged nine hours into Pokemon Black :D 
Friends do not let friends buy skullcandies . 
Since buying Pokémon I have spent on average half of each day playing it :D 
New Tyr album announced fir the end of May :D 
40 hours and 28 minutes , the time it took for me to beat Pokémon black . 
Great success ! 
It tastes like maple syrup :D 
Why would you put whipped cream in it !?!? 
I just realized on my Marrow of the Spirit album the song Ghosts of Midwinter Fires skips : C 
Prepare for touble . 
I LOVE fat cock 
Rebecca Black the song bird of the 21st century . 
TKOL :D E > 
Shisha :D 
I need a topic for my M.I.P. 
I'm a a dirty slut picking up change for my daily fix it 
Best night I have had in a while . 
I shit sad birds . 
Fleshgod Apocalypse is confirmed for summer slaughter :D Hopefully the tour comes to Winnipeg this year . 
That is just too suave , I have no chance . 
Cool fact , I am 18 in 39 minutes . 
" yay working ! " 
-Lucas Carlson 
Thank you to all the people who wished me a happy birthday . 
Hmmm 1:30 in the morning time for a jog ! 
No surrender , no chance for retreat ! 
Time for a concert :D 
Braids and Departures put on a great show tonight ! 
BWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 
Blackfield's new album is pretty tight . 
Who would have ever thought a single drop of water would ever land on meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ! 
backstabbing nigger faggots . 
Game of Thrones airs tonight ! 
Got my ticket to Woods of Ypres :D 
Best chill in a while ! 
Found a safe ! 
New Primordial and new Antlers ! 
Holy grail tonight ! 
Spiffy chill sesh tonight . 
SPRING BREAK ' 08 !!!! 
Fuck , Nevermore is splitting up . 
Just voted . 
