i miss mandy !!!! 
Gerard Butler is a God . 
bonefishhhhh for mad monte's birthday , woot woot :) 
i don't even know ... 
" Get on it , or Get over it " ---- Hands down the best advice I've ever recieved , I love you , Mandy !! 
work will be hell today ... 
watching sleepy hollow :) 
(: Happy 
I hate when the past has to be something that's holding you back . 
work soon . closing . fml . 
" It don't matter as long as you get where you're going ; ' Cause none of the shit is going to mean shit where we're going . They tell you to stop , but you just sit there ignoring , even though you wake up feeling like shit every morning . " (; 
I think Luke Fletcher has to be the sexiest person Ive ever seen . mmm mmm 
Gonna be a great night with some freakin ' amazing people . 
" It's not a contest and I ain't on no conquest for no mate , I wasn't looking but I stumbled onto you must've been fate . But so much is at stake , what the fuck does it take ? Let's cut to the chase , but a door shuts in your face . Promise me if I cave in and break and leave myself open , that I won't be making a mistake . " 
Had a good night and morning with my boys (: about to get to fixin ' my beater up with the Dik . 
Let's start something we can't finish . Let's go somewhere that leads to nowhere . But when this all falls apart , all I ask is you remember one thing : I gave a fuck , when no one else did . 
Day date with Katie Horton , had a good sleepover with the boys again <3 Seeyah all at the OB . 
With Katie Horton , had an amazing day , time to surprise the best boys in the world <3 
Spending the night with my best friends , Robert Fabian , Nicholas Sutliff , and Charlie Riggio . Movies and Lokos <3333 Oh yeah , and Fuck off (: I'm doneeeee . 
Realized I'm too old to be fucked around , and that I've had what I needed all along <3 Prove to me you're worth it , and I'll show you that you are . 
I'm so fly , oh my , it's a little bit scary (; 
Lisa Marie Zerbo is a sexy bitch . 
Gettin ' ready for work , chillin ' with my boo Lisa until then <3 
Really would like if people would stop hijacking her account . 
Royally pissed about my schedule right now . 
I am the one you denied , pushed me off everytime I tried ; But I'm alright . I'm able to swallow my pride , and put all the bullshit to the side . If you're ready to ride , I'm down for a one night stand , I'll accept it anyway that I can , ' cause I ain't your man . I'll try for whatever its worth , just remember who played who first (; 
BEACH . 
Fuck accidents . Fuck stitches . Fuck shots . Morphine's cool though , slept for almost 24 hours . Glad we're all okay (: I love Lisa Marie Zerbo and Katie Zerbo <3 
Sore as fuck , work in a couple hours . Who do you know who could get into a car accident and go back to work 2 days later ? This girl . FML . 
I'm gonna do what I can to make myself happy , if you wanna be happy with me , it's your choice . If not , I'm not gonna waste my time any longer . Life's too short , and you're just too much of a disappointment . 
awake , and workin to a powerclose with roberttttt (: no sleeeeeep . 
Watching " Something to Talk About " , at 8:57 in the morning . No sleep , and starting the day with a Julia Roberts movie , not a good omen . 
Time goes by so fast ; people go in and out of your life . You must never miss the opportunity to tell these people how much they mean to you . 
Had a really good day (: With Katie in the AM , with my bros for the night <3 
" I don't know what it is about you . Maybe it's the way nothing else matters when we're talking , or how you make me smile more than anyone else has . It's a possibility that it's the little looks you give me when you think no one else is watching . Or it could be the way you say the right thing at exactly the right time . But whatever it is , I just want you to know that it means everything to me . " 
Joey Fields is ganna have the BEST BIRTHDAY EVER ! 
Tonight's gonna be a good night (: with Katie Horton , Heather , and the boysssss (: 
Shopping day with Katie , work , then Ocala tonight (; 
" But I've been unable to put you down . I'm still learning things I ought to know by now . It's under the table so I need something more to show somehow . " 
I told myself I won't miss you , but I remember what it feels like beside you . I really miss your hair in my face , and the way your innocence tastes ; And I think you should know this , you deserve much better than me . 
picked up a shift , and is seriously already regretting it . 
Lisa Marie Zerbo is a sexy bitchhhhh 
" I remember the stupid things , the mood rings , the bracelets and the beads ; Nickels and dimes , yours and mine , did you cash in all your dreams ? You don't dream for me , no , you don't dream for me , no . But , I still feel you pulse like sonar from the days in the waves . That girl is like a sunburn , I would like to say ; The girl is like a sunburn . " 
Third Eye Blind has the tendency to make me think far too much . 
" I wonder how's it going to be when it goes down . How's it going to be when you're not around . How's it going to be when you found out there was nothing , between you and me , because I don't care . " <3 
Had a successful morning , now to work <3 
watching movies with Katieeeeee <3 
" I know it's probably best for us to go our separate ways , ' cause I know I'm gonna fuck up again anyway . But in my heart I want you to stay , but once you fuck up this shit can never be straight . I'm dead ass wrong , I ain't got shit to say ; Bet you think I didn't give a fuck anyway . " <3 
" When I'm with somebody , all I think ' bout is you . When I'm all alone , that's all I wanna do . I miss the smiling faces in my sidekick , outta town visits , all the time we spent together makes it hard to get you outta my system . " 
" Music starts playing like the end of a sad movie ; It's the kind of ending you don't really wanna see . ' Cause it's tragedy and it'll only bring you down . Still I don't know what to be without you around . " 
And I hope the sun shines and it's a beautiful day . And something reminds you , you wish you had stayed . We can plan for a change in weather and time , but I never planned on you changing your mind . So , I'll go , sit on the floor wearing your clothes ; All that I know is I don't know , how to be something you miss . 
" It's you that I really want , & we can do what you really want . Girl we grown & if he ain't gonna treat you right , then I ain't gonna treat you wrong . That's my word , & she done heard so many lies , she don't know what's true or not . Shawty like a valet service , I swear she been through a lot . But , I put her car in park & never let her cry alone ; I listen to her heart beat because it plays my favorite song . " 
excited for some Kalyn and Eli time <3 
I see your face in my mind as I drive away , ' cause none of us thought it was gonna end that way . People are people , and sometimes we change our minds . Still it's killing me to see you go after all this time . 
Can't imagine today being a good day ... 
Pick yourself up , and move on . 
And I don't see how you could ever be anything but mine . 
You never know what you have until you realize that it's not always going to be there . 
Tonight's gonna be a good , good night <3 
When the past calls , let it go to voicemail ; it's got nothing new to say . 
Everything is good (: 
" Well it's a winding road when your in the lost and found , You're a lover , I'm a runner ; we go ' round ' n ' round . And I love you but I leave you . I don't want you but I need you . You know it's you who calls me back here baby . " 
I can go out every night of the week ; Can go home with anybody I meet . But it's just a temporary high . ' Cause when I close my eyes , I'm somewhere with you . 
Had a good couple of nights/days with the best people I know (: Things keep gettin ' better <3 
Tonight I'm gonna give in one last time , rock you strong in these arms of mine . Forget all the regrets that are bound to follow . We're like fire and gasoline ; I'm no good for you , you're no good for me . We only bring each other tears and sorrow . But tonight , I'm gonna love you like there's no tomorrow . 
Please take me by the hand , it's so cold out tonight . I'll put blankets on the bed , I won't turn out the light . Just don't forget to think about me , and I won't forget you . 
Hangover 2 tonight with Katie Horton , Heather N . Williams Hodges , and Jasmine Colon <3 
If being free's worth what you leave behind , and if it's too late for love to change your mind ; Then it's goodbye time . 
Screammmmmm . With my Zerbos <3 
Heaven help the fool who did her wrong ; It’s too late , too bad , she’s too far gone . He should’ve thought of that before he left her all alone ; If she’s lonely now , she won’t be lonely long (; 
I love my bff Katie Horton with all my heart <3 (: 
It's when things like this happen you realize it's best to leave things as they are . 
What's on your mind ? 
I love you boo ! -summer (: 
I don't know what to think anymore . 
I <3 Vagggggggggg ;) Get at me ladies 
I want to eliminate Xbox and every last copy of Black Ops in the state of Florida . Seriously . 
2 new tattoossssss . Guess my boy is alright (; 
Johnathon Zuccarini : $15-$30 tattoos . Let jordan know if interested . I'll have photos up soon . Thanks , John . 
Gettin ' it together (: 
workin ' 5:30 -11 . fml . 
The boy's at work , and I'm awake for no reason whatsoever . 
Nicholas Sutliff and Robert Fabian are lazy little boys . 
Well work sucked tonight . Atleast I got off an hour early ? 
Johnathon Zuccarini <3 
i can't wait to see Katie Horton tonight (: 
I hope work goes better tonight than my morning has . 
I hate Johnathon Zuccarini for working night shift ): 
tattoo night at the house . love it (: 
Such a damn good night (: 
One day of rest and I feel almost human again (: thankkkkk god . 
chillen with Cheyanne Norris for a little while (: 
Chillen with the best (: 
Pretty excited for a good night with my boo , friends , and family (: oh and to actually get through Insidious without bitchin ' out . 
and somehow i end up by myself again . woohoo ... 
spending the night with my boyyyyy (:< 3 
You're alone at a strip club , use the first seven people on your friends list in your profile ! Do NOT CHEAT 

The Pole Dancer : Nicholas Sutliff 
Bartender : Alex Dooley 
Person who tries to get you drunk : Jonathon Greaux 
Your wing man/woman : Lisa Marie Zerbo 
Hottest person in the room : Amber Busto 
Drunk person in the corner : Johnathon Zuccarini 
Person that gets arrested : Nicole Apicerni 
Going to make something to eat for the laziest boyfriend in the country , Johnathon Zuccarini . (; 
Finally at home with my boy after a very long night (: 
work at five , spending my extra time torturing my boyfriend (; 
watching my amazing boyfriend tat charlie up (: 
iloveyoubeautiful- john 
Fuck you leftover sushi bistro . never again . 
thankful to have good friends , and a considerably amazing boyfriend (: 
I hate people that use facebook as their personal diary . Stop bitchin ' . 
making my baby watch ET . A few people know why thats so funny (: 
work at 4 . fml 
Made me remember . 
I . Need . Sleep . Just realized I'm completely exhausted . 
I'd love to stay and chat , but you're a total bitch (: 
Let me give you some advice ; Take it with a grain of salt , only if it actually matters to you . 
Has anyone else fallen in love with the hot guy in the 5 hour energy commercials ? (; 
" I don't know what it is about you . 
You've hurt me time after time ; 
and still all I want is to be by your side . " 
getting ready , then work . blahhh . 
" I'm not the most religious guy , I sort of worship Eric Clapton and Ochocinco . " hahahaha 
Scratch that . Haha . 
Feels weird to be home ... 
With Lisaaaaaaa . Then work , dude . 
Who am I to tell you , that I will never let you down ? That no one else could love you , half as much as I do now ? And who am I to tell you , I'll always catch you when you fall ? Well I , I wouldn't be myself at all . 
The truth is no one will ever take your place , I know that now . 
Had a greattttttttttt freakin ' day with Lisa Zerbo (:< 3 Love that girl ! 
" Baby , I love you , and I don't wanna break anymore promises , so I won't make them . " Lmao (: 
You're an idiot ... 
I'm not sure what this is , but I'm happy as hell for once (: 
I can't believe this is real . I can't believe the memories could make me so happy and so sad all at once . I can't believe I took so much for granted . I didn't know it was possible to miss someone so much . I'll love you , always . 
Memories of you will never fade . I miss you more each day <3 
Getting ready then off to the OB until 10 /: trying not to think too much . 
I am dreading coming back to Inverness ): 
Why did all the " Young , Beautiful , and Vanished " girls go missing in Florida ? I love how shows like this take over my days off ... 
Fool me once , shame on you . Fool me twice , and I'm a fucking idiot . 
Daytona for the day ... 
Heading out to my girl's house (: 
Watching South Park and it just doesn't feel right /: Fuck you California . 
Consider how hard it is to change yourself . Then you'll realize what a slim chance you have in trying to change someone else . 
" No gonna last forever , smilin ' , dancin ' , laughin ' . Hey let me hear about how it really happened . Play me something about drinkin ' , one about cheatin ' , a few about losin ' , lyin ' and a-leavin ' Something where somebody did somebody wrong , But dont play me no love song . " 
How did I become so obnoxious ? What is it with you that makes me act like this ? I've never been this nasty . Can't you tell that this is all just a contest ? The one that wins will be the one that hits the hardest . But , baby I don't mean it . I mean it , I promise . 
It's hard to wait around for something that could never actually happen . But it's even harder to give up , when you know right now there is nothing else you could want more . 
Been a good night (; Work tomorrow at 5 . Hostess , fuckkkk . 
Yessss . Good night (: 
Stand by me <3 I love River Phoenix . 
( 901 ): Stfu . I have awesome boobs . Therfore I am bad at math . 
Ocala tomorrow with Lee & the boys (: 
The cutest ginger in the world is on Tyra right now . Awwe . 
Watching Steve Burne with the biff Lisa Marie Zerbo <33333 Oh yeahhhh . 
All I can think about is how much I don't wanna be at Outback today . 
Long morning , after noon , evening , and now morning again . But can't complain much (: Time for beddddd , FINALLLLLLY ! 
My new work grievance of the night : 
MY SCHEDULE , WTF DIANNE !? 
Music starts playin ' like the end of a sad movie , It's the kinda ending you don't really wanna see . Cause it's tragedy and it'll only bring you down , Now I don't know what to be without you around . 
Watching beautiful girls (: still the best movie I've ever seen after all these years . 
Frustrated , and I really don't even know why . 
Oh Bradley Cooper , you are an amazing looking man <3 
Thought about how we crossed that line ; Sneakin ' out so we could be alone . It all happened right at the wrong time . And all I have left are memories ; To remind me of what we'll never be . 
May 27th please come soon . I need some Carrie and Samanthaaaa . 
They say love is pain and pain is love ; I know ya Momma mad cause you talk to a thug (; 
Tony- " I should probably bring my axe . " 
Nicole- " Yeah , Lumberjack Tony ... " 
" Not only did we embarass Marky Mark , we let down the Funky Bunch ! " <3 haaa . 
8 mile <3 
You don't know what I see in him ? Well I don't know what you don't . 
With @Katie Horton , we're off to work . Bleh . 
" I'm not a begger but puh puh puh pleaseeee . " <--- lmfao , Katie knows what I'm talking about (; 
Movie with Lisa and Brent (: 
I want this forever , I swear I could spend whatever on it (: 
Work . Then True Blood with Lisa and the boys (: 
" Not me glasshouse , you glasshouse . You're the glasshouse ! " Hahahhahahhahaha . 
Eminem , no one will ever take your place in my life <3 that's a straight fact . 
Jersey shore <3 
Maybe this time I won't have to walk away from something and someone that is good for me <3 
fammmmily guyyyyyyy . 
Okay you're right , just let it go . Okay you got it , it's in the can . Before I played it , you knew my hand . 
went on a " liking " rampage because once again I cannot sleep . Enjoy my thoughts (; 
Went to bed pissed , woke up happy (: love it . 
Clearwater with my Zerbo girls (: 
Home from the loser's house (: sleeeeeeptime 
" You know you love someone when you wear a condom with all the other girls . " Hahahhaa . 
You are the only exception . 
" Of course you can't have " sexy man beast " so you're gonna go with safe and boring boy . It's gonna be " awwe look at the puppy cute " not " Ohhh my godddd , look at that sexy BEAST ! " 

Nicole likes to give life lessons , and I love her for it . 
Frostbitten at work . This is not a goodnight to be a ToGo Hoe ): 
Fine judge all you want to but , ( points ) married a lesbian , ( points ) left a man at the alter , ( points ) fell in love with a gay ice dancer , ( points ) threw a girl's wooden leg in a fire , ( points ) LIVE IN A BOX ! 
And I don’t see how you could ever be , anything but mine ... 
" You don't know me , you just met me , you won't let me . Well if I couldn't have it , silly rabbit , why you sweat me ? " (; 
Watching a movie with Christian , then home . Shopping in the AM (: 
Thanks to everyone so far (: my old ass appreciates it <3 
TacoBell with Lisa ... I'm so fucking amused right now (: 
I don't wanna work today , but at least I'll be with tiffany peri all night (: 
Whoever said you can't fuck up twice in one night ? Yeah , you ! I proved you wrong . 
I hate that I'll be at the OB until 10pm . But I'm happy Tim Allen will be there (: 
With Amy and Mandy I suppose ... 
Can not wait for tomorrow to get here (: 
" Is there a ' How to hide your blaring lack of knowledge for dummies ' because that's what you should have bought ... " 
The League is amazing <3 
One more day at the OB . Then cruise tomorrow . Can't wait to get away ! (: 
Off to the OB ... until 11 tonight . Killllll me now . 
Amanda = bffl !!!! 
I'm young and stupid and good at making bad decisions (; 
I love all my Zerbos <3 Sooooo much . 
Can't wait for tomorrow to come <3 
You're the closest to heaven that I'll ever be , and I don't wanna go home right now <3 
Eydie & Amanda + Champagne = My best friends forever ! 
Couldn't be any happier with my life right now (: 
Headache out of nowhere . Phone , then sleeeeeep ! Still had a great day (: 
In a bad place right now , and can't seem to shake it . 
After so long , it's gotta mean something . Yah know ? 
I know what I should do , but I also know that I'm just not ready to let you go yet . 
" Play cool . " (; 
I missed Amy and Mandy niiiights . It's been far too long . 
True Blood Marathon with Amyyy . No sleep tonight . 
You're looking like a tool not a baller ; You're acting like a chick , why bother ? I can find someone way hotter , with a bigger , wow , well . ' Cause I'm talkin ' ' bout all the ways that you've messed up ; You weren't smart enough to keep your stupid mouth shut . I'm so sick of it , I've had enough . (; 
I wish you were here . 
Papa has removed the Tom Selleck . He looks like he's 12 . Hahahhahaha . 
Days like this remind me why I support our troops . I miss my boys , and I love you all <3 Oh , and thank you for everything . 
Orlando with the fam (: 
" People say that I'm a bad influence ; I say the world's already fucked , I'm just addin ' to it . " 
I may be a little impatient , and I may jump into things without thinking ahead . I may take the people who really care about me for granted , and give everything I have to the people that couldn't care less about me . I may be a little too naive and a little foolish at times , but I'm okay with that , and I'm ready to love the ones who love me , and lose the ones who don't . 
I don't need to check that message , I know just what it says . " Baby I still love you .. " don't mean nothing when there's whiskey on your breath . 
You aren't the exception , you are the rule . 
Textingggg . then SLEEEEEEEEEEEEP . I've been waiting all day for this , haaa . 
First night home in a while . Not sure how I feel about it . 
Baby , all the stupid things I do have absolutely no reflection on how I feel about you . 
Had a greatttt day (: for once . Haha . 
They say with time I'll forget you , but whoever said I wanted to ? 
Outback , what is this " work " you speak of ? I don't think I remember how to do that . 
Amy- " This is a problem , but you're going to have to deal with it when he actually tries it . " 
LMFAO ! I love Amy and Nicole <3 
Watching my boy Eli Roth in Inglorious Basterds <3 
I wish you the best , but I could live without it . 
Ohhhh My Godddd Desmond Harrington , even before Dexter you were perfect in Wrong Turn . 
Chillen with Amanda . Texting my favorite personnnnnnn . Thennnnn sleep ? (; Ocala with tifffffany in the AM <3 
Couldn't have been a better night (: 
A random hook up is like a sandwich in the fridge . You don't know who ate it last , but you do know it's 2am and you're fucking hungry . 
I don't wanna work , I don't wanna work , I DO NOT WANT TO WORK . 
I don't hate you boy , I just wanna save you while there's still something left to save . 
You were the best thing that's ever happened to me . I miss you . I love you . I can't wait to see you again <3 
I would rather do anything than go to work today . Oh well . 5:30 - 10:30 . Here I come . 
" A little less thinkin ' and a lot more drinkin ; That'll work for me tonight . 
When the room starts spinnin ' and we start sinnin ' , I begin to realize ; You look better when I'm drunkkkkkk . " 
Long day . 
Why am I home right now ? 
4 hours of sleep ? Kill me nowwww . 
Outback slave for the next 6 days ... Fuck . 
Don't you worry about what I do anymore . You lost that right a longggggg time ago (; 
Me- " Way to run that stop sign , Papa " 
Papa- " I've got a badge in my pocket , don't worry about what I do " 
Me- " You're retired . And you weren't even a detective in this state " 
Papa- " Yeah , but I was a federal agent , that's good everywhere " 
Me- " Not Cuba " 
Baby , you're the right kind of wrong (; 
BOONDOCK SAINTS 2 ?! YEAHHHHH (: 
I missed my brothers so much (; I love you both . 
" Bruce , he needs a kidney and I'm the only match ! And apparently Bruce needs it stat . Mhm , you need it stat , Bruce ? HUH ? Well maybe I needed a father stat , instead of this stay-at-home-dad who showers me with love every day of my life this goddamn spermless liar ! " <3 Nicole and I are obsessed ! We're gonna hand out the DVD like freakin ' bibles . 
Zach Gufford has officially made #1 on my list in only 24 hours . This bitch is good . 
I'll end this with a " fuck you , but have a nice day . " 
" And you could bring me to my knees , again . All the times when I could beg you please , in vain . All the times when I felt insecure for you . And I'd leave my burdens at the door . " 
I'm done chasing something that isn't there anymore . I'm done trying to be the person you expect me to be . If I'm not good enough for you after all this time , atleast I'll still be good enough for myself when you're gone . 
Fuck it . With two of my favorite people in the world . Letting go of the past , and glad to be moving on . I can't wait <3 
Finally in Georgia . Chillllllen ! (: 
" A long night spent with your most obvious weakness , you start shaking at the thought ; You are everything I want , ' cause you are everything I'm not . " 
If this is all just a waste of our time , let me know . Better late than never , right ? 
What an eventful day it has been , first had a great mornin ' with the biff Lisa Zerbo , now back to Ocala with the other best friend Nicole Apicerni <3 Lovin ' life ! 
Hanging out with Eydie (: 
And again I don't know what I want , what to do , or what to say . 
Can't leave you alone , and I know I'm living wrong . But I can't let you go (; 
" I could really use a wish right no .. " " shut up ! Seriously SHUT UP ! " 
Running around Atlanta with Amy ... Was up more than half the night . ahha . 
Let me love you downnnnnn . 
I have to be at work in 9 hours ... Whhhhaaat ? 
Had a good night (; finallllly home . With T . Peri in the early mornin'! Can't wait . Then probably C's house tomorrow night with him and the boys <3 
The feelings were right , but the reason was wrong . 
Orange Lake ... Need a tan . 
Orlando with the fam for am early birthday dinner (: couldn't be happier with these last few days <3 
I love having someone to take my mind off of things (: sleeeeeeeep , then nails in the morning with tiff and nic <3 
I'm an idiot , but at least I'm a happy idiot (: 
Why didn't I go to sleep ? Wahhhh . Getting ready for work ; Fuck . My . Life . 
Wow ... 
Outbackkk ... I have to go in way too soon , and leave way too late ... Work at 5:30 until closing . 
" If love be rough with you , be rough with love . " 
gonna have a gooooooood night 
I fucking love Jordan . <3 Lisa . Btw , I'll let you know when I get there . 
" There is part of me that wants an answer , 
And part of me that doesn't want to know . 
Part of you that I am in love with , 
And the part that I am willing to let go . " 
BONES !!! <3 
Nicole- " You can't ask me who bought your liquor ! That'd be like me asking who babysits you ! " lmfao . I love her . 
A woman has got to love a bad man once or twice in her life , to be thankful for a good one <3 
I may be broke , but one of the best days I've had in a long ass time (: I love Tiffany and our baby ULTA <3 haha . 
phone with the best guy i know (: 
" Here's to the liars and the cheaters , 
And the cold mistreaters ; 
To the mama's boys who can't make a stand . 
Here's to the superficial players , 
The I love you too-soon sayers ; 
If you hear me girls raise your hand . 
Let's have a toast , 
Here's to findin ' a good man . " 
What's your girl gotta with me ? (; 
Watching Adventureland , home alone . So glad to be home from Outback . 
" Okay , now you're just listing things that people DOOOO . " lmfao . I love this movie ! <3 
Let me thank you for your time , and try not to waste anymore of mine (: 
" Even after every bad thing he'd done to me , every lie he'd ever told , every other girl he'd ever kissed , i knew somewhere deep down inside he really did love me , in his own messed up way . because you can't keep coming back to the same person time after time if those feelings aren't there . " 
I hate that all that's running through my mind is , " What the fuck do I really want ?! " 
Time passes and it tells us what we're left with ; We become the things we do . Me ? I'm a fool , spent from defiance . Yeah , you got me ; but I didn't give up on you . 
Watching FreshMeat ... WES , PLEASE LET ME HAVE YOUR GINGER BABIES !? (: 
Just tell me , what do you want from me ? 
" I didn't get around to kiss you , goodbye on the hand . I wish that I could see you again , I know that I can't . I hope you can hear me , ' cause I remember it clearly . " 
more laundry . blah . 
Getting some rest for that long ass drive in the morning . Had a good weekend though (; 
Be aware in life that what you have to chase , may not be worth catching . 
I love having a day off from work (: 
I can't stop missing you , but I don't expect myself to . You are something I can never replace , get back , or forget . All the little things matter so much , and the big things matter even more . I love you so much , always have and always will . Rest in Peace Bran <3 
I need you , now . 
How about this : Sports should be like Religion , enjoy it in your home , but don't force it upon people who couldn't care any less about what you have to say . 
" He's got a big nose . He's a Jew , I know how you like those . " 
I love Nicole <3 hahaha . She knows me oh so well . 
Watching " The Joneses " , then work . 
" And I've got no illusions about you . And guess what ? I never did . And when I said , when I said I'll take it , I meant , I meant as is . " 
Watching The Lovely Bones with Ames and CJ , againnnn . MW <3 
I'm not right , and I'm not fine ; I wanna be rain that tastes like wine . I wanna be good , I wanna be great . I wanna be everything , except for your mistake . 
Couldn't have been a better week (: 
" Now I only have myself to blame for falling for your stupid games . I wish my life could be the way it was before I saw your face . " 
God Daniel Tosh , puh puh puh please let me have your illegitimate children ? ( : 
Amy and I have been watching True Blood for more than 24 hours ... this is wrong , but it's sooooo riiiiight <3 
Why does everything have to be so confusing ? I hate this . 
SLEEEEEEP . 
Taking a break from what I've been doing since my best friend gave me the hear t-t o-heart I needed last night . Escaping the best way I know how , into a book . 
He had proven to me , without a doubt , that he didn't need me . And if it was the last thing I ever did , I was going to prove to him , without a doubt , that I didn't need him either . 
homeeee after a long day . relaxing with eyd (: 
I know things change and people change , but I also know that I move on . 
Me- " Ready for the fucking nuggets ? " 
Nicole- " I'm pretty ready for the fucking nuggets . " 
hahahahah , Don't Judge (; 
The only thing I hate more than going to work , is being at work . 
Out for Dinner ... 
Had a good day , tomorrow should be fun too (: 
Officially boycotting Freshmeat . WES , you beautiful ginger , I will miss you )': 
Home . Lots running through my mind /: 
We run back to each other when it’s convenient . We know that in the end , we’re meant for each other but not for right now . So we play these games , act like we’re okay when one of us has someone else . When in reality it’s that slight hope that we will end up together that always keeps us coming back for more . 
Going into a coma , hopefully soon . 
Romeo is sooooo cute (: and uh I guess Christian's alright too . 
... one of those days . 
All you've said and done , it doesn't matter anymore . I'm done ignoring all the negatives and only seeing the good in you . There's not not enough for me to hang on to . I'm the only one who stuck by through everything , and when you realize that ? I'll be happy with something or someone else . 
Out with Eric and Danny (: my badass boys . This should be an interesting night ... 
Out of Inverness , away from all these people . Orlando with the girls for a few days (: 
Uneventful day ? Oh fasho . SVU timmmmmme . Stabler <3 
With my 2 favorite people alllllll day long <3 
BURN NOTICE . yessss <3 
It's so sad that I have had the whole day off , and all I can do is think about how much I am dreading going to work tomorrow . I hate you Outback , more than you could ever imagine . 
Bonefish with Amanda and Nicholai <3 haha (; 
Happy birthday nick !!! I love you . 
Can't sleep . I hate thissss ! 
Cfcc then with Kalyn (: 
" That's the problem with us , we're too much alike . We're stubborn asses and always want to get our own way . We both hate to be wrong and love to be right . But that's the thing about love , no matter what happens , we always come back for each other one more time . " 
So I'll watch your life in pictures , like I used to watch you sleep ... <3 
You wanna play the game ? It's like this : 
You play around , you have fun , you share secrets , you tell stories , you cry on each other's shoulders , you hold hands , you think about forever . 
But you DON'T fall in love . 
Because the first one who does , loses . 
A late brunch with the best friend for his birthday , then off to campus to crack down on this business project (: 
Who did great on her CPT ? This girl did ! ( : 
RIP Granny . I'll be missing you <3 
I've been running around for the past year with absolutely no direction . I didn't know what I wanted . All I knew was that you were always there . Always in my head , always under my skin . 
My grandfather just watched me open a beer bottle with my mouth , he looked at me questionable . I was tempted to say " party trick " . I decided it was in my best interest not to . I love my life (: 
It's not that I don't understand you ; It's not that I don't want to be with you . But you only wanted me , the way you wanted me . So , I will head out alone , hope for the best . And we hang our heads down , as we skip the goodbyes . And you can tell the world what you want them to hear ; I've got nothing left to lose , my dear . So , I'm up for the little white lies ; But you and I know the reason why . 
need sleep . 
I hate people who order outback takeaway at 9pm and don't show up until 10pm . Fuck all of you who do that you heartless , selfish leeches . 
Chillen with the boys and Catherineeee , then work . 
Haven't slept , need SLEEEEEP ! long night . work in 8 hours . FUCK . 
I don't wanna see you anymore , I'm just not that strong . I love it when you're here , but I'm better when you're gone . I'm certain I have given , and oh how you can take . There's no use in you lookin ' , there's nothing left for you to break . 
(; 
I'll try for whatever it's worth , just remember who played who first (; 
Make up your mind , and I'll make up mine . Don't worry about me , I'll be fine . The last time you yelled at me I swore that I heard you say , 
" I wish I hadn't met you at all . " 
Sleeeep , errands , laziness , Christian's house . Tomorrow should be good (: 
Remember Me <3 then work /: 
HEATHERS !!!!! I love you Christian Slater <3 
Too Young To Kill : 15 Most Shocking Crimes ... crazyyyyyyyy shit ! 
" Wow the first spontaneous thing you've ever done , Jordan ! " 
I hate you , Nicholai (; 
You'll never know 
How much I miss you 
You won't see it in my face 
You'll never know I'll never find another 
That could take your place 
Cause I'll be smiling when I see you 
No my tears won't ever show 
Yeah I might always love you 
But you'll never know 
Frustrated wouldn't even begin to explain how I feel right now . Working until 9ish then bringing dinner to Christian , His Mamadukes , and her boy (: Atleast I have something to look forward to . 
Bringin ' on the red bull today , I will need it . 6 hours to go ! 
I'm . A little tea pot 
Giftcard shift at the OB tonight , then Nicole and I are bringing Dexter to Christian's house so Romeo and him can have a playdate (: hahaha . 
" Just the way I like ' em . Ancient and regretful . " 
Lmao , happy Nicholai ? (; 
You never think the last time is the last time . You always think there will be more . You think you will have forever . But , you don’t . 
Working today should not be on my to-do list . 
' Cause Baby , your love is built like a drug and I don’t wanna be sober . 
I hate you , outback . 
" She was a fast machine , she kept her motor clean . She was the best damn woman I had ever seen . She had the sightless eyes , tellin ' me no lies . Knockin ' me out with those American thighs . Takin ' more than her share , had me fighting for air . She told me to come but I was already there . " 
Love and Other Disasters ... Horrible movie , but I love it anyway . 
I do not want to go to work . Ever . 
Work , work , work today ? Oh no no no ): 
Since when did everyone start getting hard over basketball ? First soccer , now this . STFU already ... seriously ? 
Looking at my schedule makes me wanna cry . No day off until Wednesday ): looking forward to it . 
If I died and went straight to hell it would take me at least a week to realize I wasn't at work anymore . 
" Maybe true love is a decision . You know , a decision to take a chance with somebody . To give to somebody . Without worrying whether they’ll give anything back . Or if they’re gonna hurt you , or if they really are the one . Maybe love isn’t something that happens to you . Maybe it’s something you have to choose . " -Love and Other Disasters 
Lunch date with El Papi Ton and Eyd (: 
This cold can blow me . 
My man is perfect . No one can deny that <3 
You're the risk I'll always take . 
So over everything that's been stressing me out . I just don't give a fuck anymore . 
You are ridiculous . So why do I let this happen everytime ? 
I have the day off ! YESSSSSS . 
" I can't help you fix yourself , but atleast I can say I tried . Sorry , but I've gotta move on with my own life . " 
You’re not sure that you love me , but you’re not sure enough to let me go . Baby , it ain't fair you know , to just keep me hangin ' around . 
I hate working . I hate working at Outback . I hate working at Outback on a Saturday night . I hate working at Outback on a Saturday night until 11 o'clock . I hate working . 
Watching W . S . ' s Romeo + Juliet . Yeah , it's one of THOSE nights . 
You got me , no need to wonder why (; 
Greatttttt night ! (; 
Jeffery Hutchinson should teach a class on how NOT to gauge your ears . 
Without me you've got it all , so hold on . 
Going back to work tonight just does not make me happy . 
Home finallllly . Happy birthday Robert (: I love you so much <3 
1 hour and 52 minutes until I'm outta outback . Please hurry . 
I love you but I'm not the answer for the questions that you still have . 
Your one vice , is your too nice . 
Boondock Saints II : All Saints Day <3333 
Honduras <3 Carnival Staff Members <3 !!! 
MJ's tonighhhht . Whaaaat ? (: 
At Outback Steakhouse from 3:45 -10 . Long day at work , come visit me if you can (: 
Can't sleep . I hate when I can't stop thinking . 
Good to see somethings don't need to change . I guess I had some the good ones and didn't even know it . The ones that matter are the ones who stick around through everything , not just what's convenient for them . Thank you guys for making me realize that <3 
Have to go up to CF . Blahhhh . Then work at 6 . 
" Searching for a boy in high school is as useless as searching for meaning in a Pauley Shore movie ... " 
Wish I would have realised that before college . Hahahaha . 
Gettin ' ready for work , gonna make some money with Katie Horton 
Chillen with Eyd . Over caring about people who don't even care about themselves . 
i do nottttttt wanna work today Outback , you ruin everything . 
I hate Sundays at The OB . 
" Friends are telling me I lost my mind , When I hooked up with you , Maybe that's true . Said that I'll wake up one day ; Asking what did I do ? Maybe that's true too . When I'm with you everything's alright . All I know is how I feel , When you're with me . " 
I love being with my babygirl(Lisa ) , my brudduh(Robert ) , my bestfriend(Nick ) , and my bitch(Christian ) tonight <3 
" Does anyone know how to contact the Devil ? I want to sell him my soul for a beer . " I love Eydie (: 
Got to the stoplight , then I made four rights , now I'm back where I started and you're back in my life . 
CF , I hate you . Work from 3:45 -10 , FML , seriously . 
" I think that everyone can change if the right person comes along . And I think that every girl wants to be the right person . Every girl wants to be 
that one girl that can change that one guy . " 
Gymmmmmm (: 
Baby , is someone else calling you baby ? It's driving me crazy , this being in the dark . Goodbye ain't ever easy , so break it to me hard . If you're over my love , lay it on my heart . Don't try to save me . Is someone else calling you baby ? 
If you really wanted to , you would . 
Midnight Food Run . I love Nicole Apicerni 
We're here in a yellow truck , a road ahead of us , and nothing but opportunities . 
Out with my girllllll and our favorite Brazilian boy (: 
I don't know why I'm feelin ' sappy but I just wanna let the ones that matter know how much they mean to me . NA , LZ , KS , RF , NS , BJ , TP , and AD . I love all of you for everything you've done for me . Just sayin ' . 
With Lisafer , work , then with her again . Haha (: I love my best friend . 
You're the only guy who can make me laugh , just by the way he says hello when I pick up the phone . I like your principles , even if you are hypocritical . There are no words for how amazing you look when you smile , and I could never explain how low I feel when I let you down . In all honesty , I hope you never change . 
" I've learned that I could never feel 
this way about anyone else , I know 
what other people say " there is always 
someone better " , but I don't want someone better , I only want you . For me it's always been you . " 
Resting until work . Blehhh ): 
" There's no time for tears , 
I'm just sitting here planning my revenge . 
There's nothing stopping me , 
From going out with all of your best friends . " (; 
When I hear your name , I feel rain fallin ' right out of the blue sky . And it's the fifth of May , and I'm right there starin ' in your eyes . And nothin's changed , and we're still same . And I get lost in the innocence of a first kiss , And I'm hangin ' on to every word rollin ' off of your lips : And that's all it takes , and I'm in that place , Every time I hear your name . 
Fuck you ' Dear John ' . Really ? 
" And I guess it doesn't matter what I say or what I seem . You stuck what I felt for you in the pocket of your jeans . Ignoring me the morning after isn't enough and I swear I'm gonna cry , I'm sick of tryin ' to be tough . " 
You took your coat off and stood in the rain , you're always crazy like that . And I watched from my window , always felt I was outside looking in on you . You're always the mysterious one with dark eyes and careless hair . You were fashionably sensitive , but too cool to care . You stood in my doorway , with nothing to say ; besides some comment on the weather . 
" Yeah yah know , he likes guys . Cats . Probably the musical Cats ... " 
Outback hell . Then maybe a movie with Eydie ? (: 
Celebrating Halloween with my best friends . RIP BBI , tonight's for you babe . 
Loves Wine Night with Eyd & Amanda . The only time Nicole is sober (; 
Couldn't be happier (: 
Joey Lawrence , You're still sexy . WoAhhhh (; 
( 480 ): You might want to get that man-period checked out . Men aren't supposed to have those so it could be bad for your health . 
( 602 ): Be quiet woman , get back in the kitchen . 
I have that conversation at least once a week , only I get bitched at for " not knowing how to how to cook " ( ; 
So exhausted . Back to work in 11 hours . Outback hates me . 
" I miss screaming and fighting and kissing in the rain ; And it's 2am and I'm cursing your name . You're so in love that you act insane ; And that's the way I loved you . Breakin ' down and coming undone , It's a roller coaster kinda rush . And I never knew I could feel that much . And that's the way I loved you . " 
Out with nicholai (: 
You're like a bad joke , that only I get . 
Over irresponsible and immature people . Seriously . Tonight has been a HUGE fail . 
7 days . Sun , drinks , good-times . Best of all 
No jackasses and/or Outback . Seeyahhhh ! 
" I love you , I hate you ; I can't get around you . I breathe you , I taste ; I just can't live without you . " 
" it's not a lie if you really believe it ; It's not a mistake if you ALWAYS repeat it . " sleep until work at 5:30 . Fuhhhhhck ! 
Out with Lisaaaaa (: 
" I'll keep your memory vague , so you wont feel bad about me . I'll say the things that you said ; Sometimes so it reminds me . " 
Up to CF again . Then out with Lisa , Katie , and/or Brent . 
" If someone said three years from now you'd be long gone , I'd stand up and punch them out ; ' Cause they're all wrong and that last kiss , I'll cherish ; Until we meet again . And time makes it harder , I wish I could remember . But I keep your memory . " 
If you weren't so badass , I'd be able to not talk to you . But , you are and I can't . Phone , then BEDDDD (: 
" Well it's frowned upon , especially by the guy we ran into last night , Professor Judgey Von Holy-er Than Thou . " 
" Well be careful , you don't want to get the reputation of Professor Mc-Nails-His-Students . " 
Tonight went from good , to bad , to better , to great (: haha . Definitely different . 
I'd like you all to shut the fuck up about where you like it . 
Interesting 2 days (: work then home tonightttt . 
Movie with Lisa , Katie , & Chris ! (: 
I do not want to go back to reality in 2 days . I want to stay here forever . ha . 
Nicholas Sutliff is the most amazing person when he is fucked up . HAHAHAHA <3 
I wish I could go back to when I met you , and walk away . 
" I can't feel yah baby ' cause I'm romantically numb , emotionally drained , I came here just so I could come . " 
For once I feel like I've accomplished something on my day off (: 
Off work , now Chinese with Lisa (: 
Tanning with Lisa Zerbo <3333 Missing the Caribbean sun though ! 
Can't wait to get into bed . Oh fasho . 
Breakfast then tanning with nicole and lisa (: 
Like my status and I will tell you what I like about you , dislike about you , 
my first impression of you , and a confession ! :) 
Gym with Lisa Zerbo & Katie Zerbo (: Then work at six , blahhh ! 
Out with Miss Zerbo (; tonight's gonna be a good good night ! 
Gym with lisaaa (: 
" I never told you what I should have said ; No , I never told you , I just held it in . And now , I miss everything about you . Can't believe that I still want you . And after all the things we've been through ; I miss everything about you . " 
Sorry baby , but I'm in my I Don't Wanna Be Bothered zone . 
As Tim would say , too many irons in my fire , I'm gonna end up burnt . 
The Departed <3 
With Nicholai and Lisaferrrr (: 
Tampa with my bad bitches (; let's do this riiiiiight ! 
The old me's dead and gone away 
No matter what I do , you're always on my mind . Time passes , but the past hasn't faded since you left . You're clear in my mind and my heart . I miss you more each day <3 BBI 
Good or bad , they were my choices . I'm not making any apologies for them now ; not to you or anyone . 
Class in the AM , then work , then with my homegirl Lisaaaaa . Busy schedule , dude , counting down the hours until Saturday (: 
Actually enjoyed class today (: 
Sleep forever . 
Out with Lisa (: 
Scratch that : Drunk Night for all of us ! 
I wanna be faithful but I can't keep my hands out the cookie jar (; 
The most ironic thing about us is : Nothing can keep us apart , but not even that can keep us together . 
Couldn't be betttttter (: 
There are people in life you learn to live with , there are people you know you can't live without , and then there are people you know life wouldn't be the same without . 
Work then Christian's house (: 
Poor baby richie ): lmfao . 
Music as a Weapon tour ? I wanna see it !!! 
Work work work alllllll day long . 
" Baby I love you and I don't wanna break anymore promises , so I won't make them . " 
" Fuck you and your FUCKING CLOCK ! " I love Ari <3 Entourage makes me feels a little better . 
I'm getting too old for this . Sorry babe . 
( 603 ): I woke up this morning to my phone notebook open and written was " reasons why I'm a whore in chronological order " then it listed everybody I've had sex with in the past five months . 
" Look , we had a little thing , a winter time fling . Used to get back to my man , but that was then yah know ? Some hush hush ; I ain't ever really see a future in us . " (; 
" If you just walked away , what could I really say ? And would it matter anyway ? It wouldn't change how you feel . " 
Lightning comes and lightning goes , and it's all the same to me . Let it in ' cause I want you so I can hardly breathe , or release into one thousand pieces I have broke into over you . Night shade will soon be gone , but I keep burning on , and on , and on . 
5 bottles of Champagne ? Perfect end to today (: 
" Ur not allowed n brazil or within 100 ft of anyone from brazil or a brazilian steak house " 
I love my brother when he tries to be protective (: 
What happens when I have a 5 hour drive home ? Plenty of picture uploads that I've avoided . Ha . 
On the phone with Nicole Apicerni , then going to bed . Out with Lisa Zerbo and our little Brazilian Ed tomorrow (; 
What is truly yours will eventually be yours ; And what is not , no matter how hard you try , will never be . 
( 330 ): 
First off : I'm drunk so fuck you . Second : you weren't a bad girlfriend . Tres : thats 3 in spanish . Number 4 : fuck 3 Doors Down 
You don't mean a thing . 
Yootter yand Yony yare yawesome . 
Gooooood day with Lisa and the boys (: as usual . 
Tampaaaaa/Clearwater . Oh fuck yah . 
I got , I got , I got , I got cha back (; 
With the girl , may be seeing the boy . Then work . 2 out of 3 ain't bad (: 
Class in the AM . Then work . Goooooood night , because I'm pissed off and sleepy . 
You made a move ; Don't change your mind . Too much to lose , we've crossed the line between friends , and something more . Was it all a big mistake ? And if it was , it's much too late to undo . And I don't really want to . 
I don't even know where to start for this project . This sucksss . 
If you're going to be the world's biggest dick , then you better have it . 
Fuck you , and uh fuck her too ! Ha (: 
Time ? It passes and it tells us what we're left with ; We become the things we do . Me ? I'm a fool spent from defiance ; Yeah , you got me but , I didn't give up on you . 
Got home way too early for my liking . Need some stimulating conversation ... not likely to happen in this county . 
I never fall apart because I never fall together . 
" Her fingers smell like cigarettes , the rude boy like to call her a slut . But I Fe-Fy-Foe with my little thumb , I don't think she's all that dumb . She splits her spliffs but I love her , don't get no candy for free . She goes to UNI for free , and I don't know what she studies . Man , fuck knows what she plans to be . " 
" And under that strawberry skin ; She don't need a boyfriend . She's gonna have her fun , and never let it go too far . But she'll party hard , she'll party like a rock star . " 
Lisa Zerbo & I are going to throw temper tantrums if " God " doesn't bless us in the way we need this weekend . 
" I could give a million reasons why we should not be friends . Our moods change like the seasons ; My mood ends your mood begins . And you're a tease , you're a cockblocker , you're a loud mouth bitch and a big talker , But that's okay . You'll grow up someday . " 
People who avoid commitment are the people who know how important it is . 
Class in Ocala , then Gvillllllllle ! 
" If it mattered , I would too . None the less , you still tell less than the truth . " 
" I'm way too young to be feeling this oldddddd . " 
Countdown to Gville ; T-22 hours 
Lisa Zerbo thinks I'm the best friend , EVER . That's because I am <3 
You make me excited and crazy , but I'm looking for somewhere stable to rest my head now . 
I have amazing people in my life (; just sayinnnnnggggggggg . 
Wish I could be cool like lisa . :( 
I hate college but love all the parties , 
finishing kegs and crushing bottles of Bacardi , 
king of the class I'd rather lay up with a hottie , 
single doesn't mean I'm lookin for somebody . 
" She said I don't know if I've ever been good enough ; I'm a little bit rusty , and I think my head is caving in . And I don't know if I've ever been really loved , by a hand that's touched me . Well I feel like something's gonna give . And I'm a little bit angry . " 
" Maybe . Maybe not . Maybe go fuck yourself . " -MW <3 
Uhm so , tonight was pretty good , all things considered ... ( : 
Getting ready for work , then out for the night with Lisa Zerbo , Nicole Apicerni , and Eamon Melaugh (; I love Kristen Stay <3 haha . 
I always find somethin ' wrong . You been puttin ' up wit ' my shit just way too long . I'm so gifted at findin ' what I don't like the most . So I think it's time for us to have a toast ; Let's have a toast for the douchebags , let's have a toast for the assholes , let's have a toast for the scumbags , every one of them that I know . 
" I can be selfish sometimes , that's one of my flaws . In love , I am selfish , insensitive , but I think love is complicated , more complicated than I'd like it to be . But maybe I'm just complicated . " 
-- Leighton Meester 
Can't wait for Saturday . Nicholai and Alleo , I miss youuuuu <3 
Everytime I try to leave , something keeps pullin ' me back , me back . Tellin ' me I need you in my life . 
SMD Outback . 
Never let anyone in that doesn't do the same for you . 
My job is a black hole . 
Brandon you changed me completely . I will miss your laugh , your hugs , and every stupid thing we used to do . I'll always regret everything I never said . I'll love you , always . 
No matter who i'm kissing or who I'm sleeping next to , there's never a time I didn't wish it was you . 
" Did you just give your Bob Keychain to a Whore-Baby ? " . Lmfao . 
I'm not looking at you now , I'm looking past you . 
All the time I spent with or on you ? Fucking wasted . 
You remember , we were sittin’ there , by the water ; You put your arm around me for the first time . You made a rebel of a careless man’s careful daughter ; You are the best thing that’s ever been mine <3 
Off to class until 10:50 . Then work at 3:45 . I hate days like this ... 
Worn me down like a road , I did anything you told . Worn me down to my knees , I did anything to please . But , you can't stop thinking about her . 
Christiansssss . 
I hate you CF . 
There's a burning in my pride , a nervous bleeding in my brain . An ounce of peace is all I want for you ; Will you never call again ? And will you never say that you love me , just to put it in my face ? And will you never try to reach me ? it is I that wanted space . 
I gave you more credit than you deserved ; You weren't pretending to be a nice guy , you just weren't aware that you were a complete scumbag . It all makes sense now . Fuck you , and have a good night . 
Short day at Outback , then out for the nighttttt ! Text if there's anything decent going onnnnn . 
Twenty-four hours , and counting ... fuhkkk . 
Tron with Christian , Joey , and Mike (: 
What a strangely good night (: 
I love Lisa , Cody , and Fred <3 alwayssss . 
" Yah know , my motto is get out before they go down ... " 
- " ... Dude , That is so not my motto . " hahaha . 
" Have you ever seen a yellow dinosaur floating through the air with a comb in his hair looking at the ground with a big ol frown . " 
Hands down the best text message I've ever recieved at 1 AM . Haha . Whattah Dik (; 
" Don't play games , it'll be dangerous if you fuck me over . ' Cause if I get burnt , I'm gonna show you what it's like to hurt . ' Cause I've been treated like dirt before you . " 
I just feel stuck . I'm in this place , between my future and my past and I'm not sure which one I want more . 
( 209 ): DTF ? 
( 1-209 ): NO . But I'm Down To Forget we ever fucked in the first place . 
Let's go out for a drink and forget , all the things that we said that we know we'll regret . I said let's go out for a drink and forget , all the things that we did when we were wasted . 
Texting my favorite little foreign buddy , then passing out . Class in the AM , work after . Then chillen with Lisa Zerbo , Cody Dawson , & Ed (; 
Need numbers . Replaced my iPhone once againnnnn . 
I miss those blue eyes , how you kissed me at night ; I miss the way we sleep ... 
I hate working 
Heaven took you far away from me , left me empty and alone . Heaven took you far away from me , too far away for me to go . 
RIP Jack Zerbo <3 
Class . Blehhhh . 
My middle finger won't go down , how do I wave ? 
" You just have to let things fall into place , how they're supposed to be , even though you might want something so bad , it might not be meant to be , & what you do get in the end is what you wanted & needed all along . " 
Life is good (: 
I think everyone should have to sign a legal contract when you first meet someone stating your actual personality and intentions . Something along the lines of -- " Hi , I'm so-and-so and I have a masters degree in the field of Douchebaggery . I'm just your type ; Attractive , witty , faithless , selfish , unsatisfiable , conniving , hypocritical scum . Signed and notarised . Just sayin ' . 
I used to like EVERYTHING about you , now I realize it's because I didn't really know ANYTHING about you . Jackass . 
All of you are amazing <3 heading to my class of the day then celebrating (: 
Fuck it . 
And I never think about you ; But you're always on my mind . 
Sleepover with my best friend Robert Fabian , then gettin ' things done tomorrow with him (: 
" I wonder how's it gonna be when it goes down . How's it gonna be when you're not around . How's it gonna be when you found out there was nothing , between you and me , ' cause I don't care . " 
" I wonderrrr if I would be killed by Zombies , would Jordan cryyyyyy ? Because I'd be carrying her through the mall of Zombieeessss , tonight ! " 
Robert's version of " 1000 miles " . Hahahhaha . 
I don't know what I have come down with , but I feel like I'm dyyyyying . 
Getting ready then out with Lisa and Kalyn (; 
You are the most frustrating person I have ever met , and I can't stop coming back for more . 
Gville bound with my Goooooon ! (: 
This won't break your heart , but I just think it could . ' Cause I haven't tried as hard as I should , to separate you , from everything I do . You know I'd never want to come between us , too . 
I'm having Lisa Zerbo withdrawals . I haven't seen my best friend in almost 24 hours . This is a problem . 
There hasn't been a minute in this past week that I haven't thought of you . Miss you B <3 
3 strikes , you're out . 
Lunch w/ Lisa Zerbo ... Work from 5:30 -11 , Wahhh . 
Tampa trip with Lisa and Nicole to get a puppyyyyyy (: then eventually going to C's house . 
Leonardo could almost give Mark a run for his money ... almost . 
Why do you come here , when you know I've got troubles enough ? Why do you call me , when you know I can't answer the phone ? Make me lie when I don't want to , and make someone else some kind of an unknowing fool ? Make me stay when I should not ? If you're so strong then resolve the weakness in me . 
" She told him she'd rather fix her makeup than 
try to fix what's going on . But the problem 
keeps on calling even with the cell phone gone . 
She told him that she believes in living bigger 
than she's living now , but her world keeps spinning 
backwards and upside down . " 
With Lisa (: 
Outback with Lisa and Brent (: 
Fuck class . 
Nothin ' better (; 
I wish I felt about you the way you feel about me . 
It's hard to say , what it is I see in you . Wonder if I'll always , be with you . But words can't say , and I can't do enough to prove , It's all for you . 
Ohhhhhhh Ed Westwick <3 
Nicole , to counteract your post , if you kiss someone as amazing as I did on New Years it's a fucking awesome sign for 2011 (; haha . 
And I'd give up forever to touch you , ' cause I know that you feel me somehow . You're the closest to heaven that I'll ever be , and I don't want to go home right now <3 
But you always find a way to keep me right here , waiting . 
If you're the only thing I got well then I must not have a lot . 
Class in the AM , then work <3 
" Remember when you drove me home from work ? I loved the way you'd kiss goodbye . All your friends think I'm just too young for you . Tell ' em I can do things girls their age can do . " 
Movies with my girls (: 
I've talked to friends , talked to myself ; I've talked to God , I prayed liked hell , but I still miss you . I tried sober , I tried drinking ; I've been strong and I've been weak , and I still miss you . 
And I never told you , what I should have said . No I never told you , I just held it in . 
A few hours of work then out with my girl (: 
I love you CB . 
The summer was full of mistakes we'll never learn from . 
Dominated (; 
It's not so bad , you're only the best I've ever had . 
You have a bullshit answer for everything . 
" The guilty undertaker sighs , the lonesome organ grinder cries ; The silver saxophones say I should refuse you . The cracked bells and washed-out horns blow into my face with scorn , but it's not that way ; I wasn't born to lose you . I want you , I want you , I want you so bad . " ... Bob Dylan <3 
Wine . You . Weakenessssses . Fycj 
Amanda time . Woohoooooo (: haha . One of those niiiiiights . 
Fuck you Elevator Speech . 
" And when I close my eyes I see you , no matter where I am . I can smell your perfume through these whispering pines , I'm with your ghost again . It's a shame about the weather , I know soon we'll be together . And I can't wait till then , I can't wait till then . " <3 
Relaxin ' and watching Children of the Corn (: Cannot wait for tomorrow to celebrate my birthday with my brothers , lisafer , and the dickhead ! 
I'm not the sort of person who falls in and quickly out of love . But to you , I gave my affection right from the start . I have a lover who loves me , how can I break such a heart ? But still , you get my attention . 
Greattttttttttt night (: I have the best friends in the world . Now back at the house , then the family dinner tonight . 
And I hope you enjoy your 15 minutes of shame (; 
I miss you . 
Everywhere I go reminds me of you , and I smile at the memories that will never fade . When I'm low I just hear your laughing voice in my head , and I know that it's all gonna be okay . 
Going to my Best friend's house after work (: 
If silence is golden , you're priceless . 
Horror movie marathon with Lee and KT <3 
Amazing day . Now Christian's house (: 
" In my heart there will always be a place for you , for all my life . I'll keep a part of you with me . And everywhere I am ; There you'll be . " <3 always . 
" And every night I miss you , I can just look up , and know the stars are holding you tonight . " <3 
" Forgive me for what I've done there , ' cause I never meant the things I did . And give me something to believe in . " 
Oh so happy (: 
Some guys will break you down , just to see you come undone . 
With Lisaaaaa ! (: 
Outback from 3:45 -10 . Mass homicide or suicide ? Decisions , decisions ... 
People say there's no point in dwelling on what could have , would have , or should have been . That doesn't change the fact it is draining me today . I love and miss you babe . 
Watching Four Brothers with Christian and Luke (: 
Bonding day with Papa , gym with Kalyn , then more bonding (: lol . 
Still miss you , every day , every night . <3 
I love morning dates with my GF (; 
I need sleep , oh so bad . 
I go back to December , all the time . 
I'm not in it to win it , I'm in it for you . 
Picked up a shift , so working my life away at the OB today , then hopefully seeing that one guy (: 
" Every step I take , every move I make ; Every single day , every time I pray ; I'll be missing you . Thinking of the day , when you went away ; What a life to take , what a bond to break ; I'll be missing you . " BBI <3 
I wanna be everything , except for your mistake . 
Gym & Tan (: 
I remember the days we spent together were not enough . And it used to feel like dreamin ' 
except we always woke up . Never thought not having you here now , would hurt so much . Tonight I've fallen and I can't get up . I need your loving hands to come and pick me up . And every night I miss you , I can just look up ; 
And know the stars are holding you tonight . 
Test in intro to business . Way too early . 
" I do remember the swing of your step ; The life of the party , you're showing off again . And I'd roll my eyes and then you'd pull me in . I'm not much for dancing , but for you I did . Because I loved your handshake , meeting my father . I loved how you walked with your hands in your pockets . How you'd kiss me when I was in the middle of saying something ; There's not a day I don't miss those rude interruptions . " <3 B 
You just do you , and I'mma do me <3 
Definition of Irony ? Going to a health food store , walking back to my car and lighting up a cigarette . 
" For all those times you stood by me , for all the truth that you made me see . For all the joy you brought to my life , for all the wrong that you made right . For every dream you made come true , for all the love I found in you . I'll be forever thankful , baby . You're the one who held me up , never let me fall . You're the one who saw me through it all . " 
All things change , but that part of you and me has stayed the same . 
When I think back on these times , and the dreams we left behind ; I'll be glad ' cause I was blessed to get to have you in my life . When I look back on these days , I'll look and see your face . You were right there for me . 
Thank you so much to everyone . You all really mean a lot to me <3 Had a great day ! 
I miss old OTH , watching reruns and chillen out (: 
Movie night with the best --- Lisa Marie Zerbo , Katie Zerbo , and Chris England <3333 
" O-M-FUCKING-G ! " Papa can be so funny sometimes . Hahahahha . 
I feel you everywhere I go . I see your smile , I see your face , I hear you laughin ' in the rain . I still can't believe you're gone . 
" What Jordan , do you not remember the last one that played guitar ?! " 
Lmfao . I love Nicole . 
We're at the right place at the wrong time . 
I lost a part of me I can never get back , and all I can do is hope that you can accept me for who I am without the one of the things that made me who I was when you met me . 
" I can go out every night of the week , can go home with anybody I meet . But , it's just a temporary high , ' cause when I close my eyes ; 
I'm somewhere with you . " <3 
" I'm down for a one night stand ; I'll accept it any way that I can , ' cause I aint ' cha man . I'll try for whatever its worth , just remember who played who first . " 
I feel awful . 
The best memory I have with you , is my worst regret . 
Happy with what I got (; fuck the rest . 
I realized tonight that I have some pretty amazing guys in my life . Probably the best that I could ever ask for . 
Napping for a little . Then headin ' over to Christian's house (: 
Nicole- " Now I'm gonna be afraid to see owls again , I just got over the owls ... " 
Roflmfao . 
Chillen with the boys . Oh fasho . 
' Cause when I'm with him , I am thinking of you ; Thinking of you , what you would do , if you were the one who was spending the night . Oh , I wish that I was looking into your eyes . 
Christian fell asleep and now 
I can't move . Hahaha (: still finishing this movie with Lisa and Joey . 
Went dogfood shopping for Christian , now evergreen with Papa , shopping with Cat , then work . Haven't really decided what I'm doing tonight . Hmmmmm . 
Chelsea Lately , then sleep . Class in the mornin ' , then work from 3:45 -10 . Brutal . 
" What do you mean , what ? You know exactly what we talking about with La Vida Loca . " (: hahahaha . 
Just like a crow chasing the butterfly , dandelions lost in the summer sky . When you and I were getting high as outer space , I never thought you'd slip away . I guess I was just a little too late . 
" Don't be falling in love as she’s walking away ; When your heart won’t tell your mind , to tell your mouth what it should say . " 
Watching " Wrong Turn " via phone with the loser (: 
Christian's house . What's new ?... Watching Alice on SyFy :D 
I've never met someone who doesn't like me . Yes Nicole , even you . 
Whipped cream vodka with my bitches <333333 yeahhhhh . The fourth kind , oh yeahhhhh . 
Where'd all the good people go ? 
Sleeping at Christian's . Long day tomorrow . 
I remember the days we spent together were not enough ; And it used to feel like dreamin ' , except we always woke up . Never thought not having you here now would hurt so much . Tonight I've fallen and I can't get up . I need your loving hands to come and pick me up . And every night I miss you , I can just look up 
and know the stars are holdin ' you tonight <3 
You want to go so fucking fast that nothing seems to last , and you always end up sleeping with the past . 
Why am I surrounded by Capricorns ? 
" I don't care how much you love them ; Monogamy is just too cruel a rule . " 
Couldn't ask for a better New Year <3 
Nails and other stuff with Kay . Gotta keep our boyless selves occupied . 
So this is me swallowing my pride ; Standing in front of you saying I'm sorry for that night . And I go back to December all the time . 
I'm taking everything you say with a grain of salt , and a shot of patron . 
" It's bittersweet to look back now , 
at memories withered on the vine . 
Just to hold you close to me , 
for a moment in time . " 
Workin ' with T . Peri <3 then celebrating Christian's birthday (; 
Outback Christmas party then back to Christian's ... 
A long time ago you took a big piece of me ; But it's cool now , you can keep it . I don't want it back , because after you , I don't think I could ever use it again . 
Sleepmode . Morning time with my best friend before she leaves me for a whole week and a half ): giftcard duty at The OB , then Christian's house for the night (: Who's got a long , busy , good day tomorrow ? THIS girl ! (; 
This ache in my chest never subsides and I know that I'll miss you until the day I die . 
You are all so gullible . 
So happy <3<3<3 
I'll miss you ' til the day I die . 
Out for Amanda's birthday with the girls ! (: I love youuuuuuuu ! 
Off to the arts festival with the fam to support my Lisa (: haha . I'm the best Best friend ever <3 
Last night was really good , really bad , and then really great (: 
I've heard the bad news ; I've heard all about you . But I don't care what you did , all that matters now is what you do (; 
Movie night with my number 1's (: 
You stood by me and I stood tall . I had your love , I had it all . And I'm grateful for each day you gave me . Baby , I don't know that much , but I know this much is true ; I was blessed because I was loved by you . 
I hate waking up and thinking , " Why the fuck would I do that ? " ... 
I'd like to find a guy who wants to wake up with me just as much as he wants to sleep with me . 
Grenades can blow me . Oh wait , nevermind ; She's already blowing him . Perfect . 
Romeo + Juliet . Then work 3:45 -10 . Wahhh . Ha . 
Why don't I sleep on Saturdays ? ): 
The only birthday that matters today is my Heterosexual-life partner's Nicole Apicerni . Just Sayin ' . 
Doing whatever . Then Christian's house ... 
Christian is gay (: 
RIP Grandpa Sal . Lisa , Katie , and Mama Zerbo , I love you guys so much <3 
Home . Had a goodnight's sleep . Now gettin ' my day started . 
Though things change , the future's still inside of me . We must remember that tomorrow comes after the dark ; So you will always be in my heart , with unconditional love . 
This is gonna be a long week and a half ): 
I've never taken anything seriously in my life . 
Getting my hair done with T . Peri <3 
I'm not worried ' bout the ring you wear , ' cause as long as no one knows than nobody can care . You're feelin ' guilty and I'm well aware ; But you don't look ashamed and baby , I'm not scared . 
I'm in a fucking good mood . No but seriously , I actually am (: 
I love my boys (: 
(: 
You were unlike any other , you will always be my thunder . 
( 816 ): How many walk of shames do you think you've done from my house 
( 1816 ): I don't know but enough that I've started waving to the neighbors on my way to my car 
Hahahahahhaaha (: 
I need to make a decision that's a lose-lose situation . 
I wish the Asians at floral nails would get their shit together so Lisa and I could leave and go to Christian's house already . 
You don't realise what you've got until it's gone , and baby I guess you just realised how long gone I really am (; It's an amazing feeling , not gonna lie . 
And although I know yours no longer does , my heart will always beat for you . 
Seriously . What the fuck ever . 
I don't gotta be the only one , I'd settle for number one (; 
(: amazing . 
Whatever you imagined was wrong , there's nothing romantic about death . Grief is like the ocean , it's deep , and it's dark , and bigger than all of us . And pain is like a thief in the night . 
If I would have known the way that this would end , If I would have read the last page first . If would have had the strength to walk away , If I had known how this would hurt . I would've loved you anyway , I'd do it all the same . Not a second I would change , not a touch that I would trade . Had I known my heart would break , I would have loved you anyway <3 
Lunch with Papa , then a longgggggg day at Outback . 
Nicholas Sutliff and Robert Fabian are the best boys in the wholeeeeee world <3 
When you lose a part of yourself , to somebody you know . It takes a lot to let go , every breath that you remember . Pictures fade away , but memory is forever . 
Champagne agaiiiiin . Yahhhhh ! 
I'm not right , I'm not fine . I wanna be the rain that tastes like wine . I wanna be good , I wanna be great . I wanna be everything except for your mistake . 
There's only so much of hooper funeral home that I can take . I seriously hate this place . 
Watching Roger play cat and mouse with Onyx is fantastic . Yayyyyyyyyyy . 
Christian won't playin ' reach so Mike and I are UFCin ' . Haha . Then applebees for amy's 21st <3 
Got Christian to watch 8 mile and also admit that Mark Wahlberg " isn't that bad " . All in all a successful night (; 
I used to say you were the one . Yeah , you still are the one , I guess . The one that I'm just fine without . 
David Duchovny , you are perfect <3 
I can go any night of the week , can go home with anybody I meet . But , it's just a temporary high ' cause when I close my eyes , I'm somewhere with you . 
I'm pretty sure I could get used to this (: 
Don't get your hopes up , kid . I said , get ready for the letdown . We've gone too far to turn back now and I'll never be half as good as you make me sound . So I hope you're ready for the letdown . 
I never knew I could hurt like this , and everyday life goes on I wish , I could talk to you for awhile . I wish I could find a way not to cry . As time goes by I assume you've reached a better place . Still I'd give the world to see your face , and be right there next to you . It feels like you've gone too soon . The hardest thing to do is say goodbye . 
Turned into a disappointing night . Home . Sleep . 
Worked on 3 hours of sleep the whole day . Completely exhausted , also completely worth it (: goooooodnight ! 
Christian is lameeee (: 
Gave the retard his birthday presents early . Can't wait for Saturday to get here already (: 
With Robert (: 
With Christian . What's new ? 
Forgiving someone who used to be the closest person to you , feels really damn good . 
Wish I had enough energy to roll myself outta bed . Oh well . 
No matter how far away you are , I just want you to remember that you're in my mind and my heart until the day I may see you again . 
Wow . Hahahahaha . 
You are going to lose people in your life . And I realize now that no matter how much time you spent with them , or how much you appreciated them and told them 
so , it will never seem like it was enough <3 
Had a really good day . Doing laundry with Joey in the mornin ' . Going to sleep for now . 
Success (: 
So exhausted , so happy (: worktime then movie with the best people in my life (; 
Time , it passes and it tells us what we're left with ; We become the things we do . Me ? I'm a fool spent from defiance . Yeah , you got me , but I didn't give up on you . 
Watching the human centipede with Christian and Robocop (: 
Nothin ' like a home cooked meal with my girlfriend , her boyfriend , and my future husband , definitely made my horrible day better <3 love you guys . 
Worked 11:30 am- 9:30 pm on zero hours sleep from last night . I am absolutely exhausted . Gooooooodnight ! 
