You and I wake up in jail together . Using only FOUR words , what would you say to me ? ( NOTE : If you comment , you gotta copy and paste this in your status -- fair is fair -- play along ) 
Extreamly pissed and dont know why ... but punching the wall seems to help 
awake when i need to sleep , looks like its gonna be another long night again 
Just finished making some Fleisch-tortelloni alfredo with chicken seasoned in butter basil and parsley and it was fricken delicious :) 
Right now there's a police officer helping someone , working the streets , day or night , to keep you safe . That police officer is missing their family while caring for yours . In the minute it took you to read this , police officers all over the world are saving lives . It's Police Officer appreciation week . Repost if you are a police officer , love a police officer or appreciate a police officer . 
Lossing my mind at work 
Cant sleep and i have to work in the moring this fricken sucks 
Preparin some crap 4 a BBQ tommorrow bundles of fun 
Theses next three days off are some much need time off ... yeah 
The sun is gone and now it is raining how deppresing ... Belgium dont you love it 
Thank you all for all the birthday wishes 
Finally get to go to sleep so tired blah 
Missing my baby girl 
wonders how many of us REALLY know everybody on our FB friend list ? Here's a task for you ; I'd like all my FB friends to post how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status . You may be amazed at the responses you get 
Lindsey Lohan ? Who ? I can't believe the news coverage being given to a spoiled 24 yr . old . Here are a few young people worth knowing about : Justin Allen 23 , Brett Linley 29 , Matt Weikert 29 , Justus Bartett 27 , Dave Santos 21 , Chase Stanley 21 , Jesse Reed 26 , Matthew King 23 , Christopher Goeke 23 , & Sheldon Tate 27 . These 20-somethings gave their LIVES for you this week . Repost if you support the Military . 
Copy this to your status !. And see what people rate you .! ( 1 ) crazy . ( 2 ) wish we wentout . ( 3 ) talkative . ( 4 ) sarcastic . ( 5 ) lovable . ( 6 ) sexy . ( 7 ) strong . ( 8)dumb . ( 9 ) spoiled . ( 10 ) bitchy . ( 11 ) wild . ( 12 ) goofy . ( 13 ) funny . ( 14 ) awsomely awsome . ( 15 ) amazing . ( 16)beautiful . ( 17 ) cute . ( 18)dramaqueen . ( 19)bestfriend . 
Spain better WIN !!! Go Spain Go !!!!! 
why does it take 16 people before you find the one that can help you ... 
Pretty trashed right now missin my girl aww life sucks so much at times 
Feelin like major shit right now . Hope to hell that i pass my PT test in the mornin . 
Hope everyone had a happy new years 
fricken losin my mind awww 
X-Mas Wishes to everyon hope you all have a good one 
