Sorry , that sounded mean . RIP MJ . 
DAMN . K . O . ' d at 50 . 
Damn ... summer is teh worst . 
Today I received the first compliment I've gotten in ages . It was from my dad on the state of the floor . FML 
beach Sunday . 
Getting quick breakfast and heading off to the gym with Nick . Yes . At 7:30 AM . 
Summer : Going to bed at 4 AM , getting up at 12 , forgetting to eat/pee/shower , and sitting in front of the computer for the entire day . I need a job . 
Also : it is raining . 
Going to bed . It's uh , 5 AM . 
The feeling has gone only you and I It means nothing to me This means nothing to me - Ultravox . Only not really . Am I really that pitiful that I post lyrics for other people ? Yes . I also answer my own questions . Lord ... 
The highlight of today will be purchasing a stopper for the bathtub . Hell , it's better than homework . 
Am I the only one that is NERVOUS about starting college ? :[ Classes start Monday ... 
I need a popsicle . :[ 
Well now what ? 
Just went to Concord Mills with three amazing people . 
Just purchased a $40 subscription to a MATH site for school ... FML . Gotta run and deposit a check before school because I get out at 5 today !!! Enjoy the structure and free classes of high school while you can ! 
Mathxl & English report ... ugh ! 
I've got jury duty . FML 
Going home in a few minutes . 
GOT A BLACK MUSTANG ! ( Can't drive it for another month though ... ) 
English homework ... and hoping my math professor emails me back soon ! 
Going outside . Accomplishment of the week thus far . Unless you count that I finished a written entry for a contest . But nobody counts that . 
Eat fried chicken , write an essay , attempt math , go to sleep . 
Class at 8 . The dreaded Chem lab ... 
" You got crazy legs , you got amazing head/You got rings on your fingers and your hair's hot red . " I only wish I'd be born a couple decades earlier so I could have seen THAT in concert . 
First SOC 1101 test tomorrow , and what am I doing ? Writing horrible stories and playing Sims . 
Am I the only person in the world who doesn't understand college algebra ? Pretty sure I bombed my first test . 
You never know how much nothing can mean to you until you've been on the losing side of unrequited love . 
5 minute math class , pretty awesome . 
Humanity : The All Mighty's third-grade science fair entry . Even Masters of the Universe have a trial and error period . 
I've had a headache for two days straight and now I smell smoke . No means no CO ... 
I just spent 30+ minutes perfecting my jury duty postponement request , researching alternate dates and school holidays that coincided with Gaston County's schedule . When I sat down to write my first avaliable date , a school recess on October 12th , I realized that was the day I had been assigned in the first place . FML 
Gym at 8:30 AM , turn in job application , stop by student publications , join ANS , and then DIE OF EXHAUSTION somewhere in between . 
Why do we possess love and empathy for those who treat us like dirt ? Humans are a masochistic species indeed ... 
I guess I should kind of return the library books I renewed two weeks ago and still never read . 
Hasn't studied for the first algebra exam , so I WILL be cramming tonight . 
Visit I'm from Gastonia and I love Tony's! Had a nice big strawberry shake today . P : 
I have never hated anything the way I hate math . 
Do you have a driver's license/pay for car insurance ? Do you vote like a responsible citizen ? CONGRATULATIONS you have received one free JURY DUTY . You might even get to miss two really important midterms . 
Things are getting better in every respect . :) However , COMMUTER PARKING AT UNCC MAY BE THE END OF ME . :[ But otherwise , GLORIOUS ! :] 
Trying to keep it civil , but he's not cooperating . :\ Oh well , gonna be a good weekend with the girls . 
So yea , single for the first time in two years . Gonna need to patch up my neglected friendships and get back in the routine of being a third wheel I guess . :] 
Damn everything to hell . No parking pass and I'm out $500 . 
Truck turned over on my exit . :[ Stay away from Belmont on I-85 ! 
Also , why do people type in their accent/dialect ? :| 
Sitting in the cafe trying to remember algebra ... and kind of hoping a certain slacker doesn't get away with not doing a damn thing this time around . 
Every other college in the United States of America is on fall break . Thank you , UNCC , for extending my school week and scheduling the break on the day I was assigned jury duty . 
just got back from camping for the first time . Now back to reality . 
Feeling drained from foot-in-mouth syndrome . 
Going out 
It's going to suck when I have to get up at 6 AM , but damn ain't that thar internetz just great ... 
Dead tired 
No more jury duty for now ... 
Spending the night with Nick <3 
Well there goes that nice paint job ... scheduled for a touch up two Saturdays from now ... * sigh * 
Someone has been eating my Crunchberries . There are two people in this house . Either it's my father or I'm sleepwalking . I don't sleepwalk . T__T 
Well , Natalie Watson convinced me to sign up for NaNoWriMo so I guess I should get to brainstorming ! I also need a research paper topic ! Too much writing for one measly month I say ... :) 
" Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet . Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened , ambition inspired , and success achieved . " - Helen Keller . 
Just straight up failed my second chem test ... thank the lord the lowest grade is dropped ... 
Forgot all about English homework ... oh well , at least I typed up my introductory paragraph that was due . 
Well , at least I have Saturday off . Booked the rest of the week . :( 
The future's so bright I gotta wear shades . 
Chem test hopefull went well ... lazy weekend ahead . 
Managed to write just over 3000 words for my first day of NaNoWriMo ! :D Yay ! 
is in a bad mood . Surely with the coming of Monday and my 8 AM Chem Lab I'll be cheered up . 
didn't get a good parking space this morning and was kind of irked . Passed about a dozen cars parked right up front with citations when I got out of class . :) Sweet schadenfreude . 
Dear UNCC student(s ) who vandalized the Hillel display : When do you people find time to do these things ? And how in blazes did you manage to sneak away unnoticed carrying a roof ? Get a freakin ' life , people ... 
is sick . Also three people left the room during my speech on maggot therapy today . I'm sorry for grossing you guys out , haha . ;) 
87.5 on first Chem test ... 2.5 short of what I need ! :\ Oh well , I-fest and movie to look forward to this weekend . 
It is officially November , which means I actually need to begin writing my novel for NaNoWriMo . It's also 2:22 AM . Ah well , what's another eight hours of not doing anything productive ... 
Only 2,116 words left to go to catch up to the Nov . 4th quota . * sigh * Why do I get sick and bombarded with tests during THIS month ? 
needs to revise this English paper in 20 minutes . Damn . 
Can anyone in Chem 1203 ( Jones ) tell me what we did Monday and today ? 
So my sociology teacher decided it would be cool to cancel class AFTER I drove 30 minutes to school . That was at 12:30 . I'll be going to my only other class of the day in about 30 minutes . :( I could have slept in dang it ! 
When you get to college , you'll only take classes that are interesting to YOU and relevant to YOUR major . Lies . 
As this whole " get a practical degree " thing is probably going to fall through soon with my bombing Chemistry and all I guess I should get back to my NaNo novel . Currently at 5K , need 10K by tonight to meet the quota ... ._. 
Medication's ironic and unnecessary side effects : Pharmacists way of getting back at the kids who picked on them when they were nerdy little pariahs . 
Dear Microsoft Word 2003 : I will always prefer you to that shiny MS Word 2007 that defaults in Calibri font and impossible formatting , but really , " sniffily " is a word . 
Studying for chem test . :\ 
I've caught up to the NaNo minimum of 10K ... I might finish this novel after all ! I guess all I needed was to be abandoned after taking a discouraging Chemistry test and suffering horrible stomach aches all week to motivate me ! :) 
Just hit the 20K mark in my novel ... I'm still behind but it's all good . I'm giving myself a pat on the back for sticking it out this long . :D 
Research study tomorrow for sociology department ... getting a few $$$ out of the deal ... 
18370 words aaaand I'm still 6635 words behind quota . Going to bed . I'll worry about life and all that tripe around noon . 
Shame is a virtue . 
I have till 3:30 to catch up on my novel or screw around the internet . Pssh , I'm torn . 
Eating everything in sight and trying to get in a few more thousand words tonight . Currently at 27K . 
I wrote 7000 words last night . 7000 more to go today ... :[ Should only take 3 1/2 hours at my current rate ... * sigh * 
Woke up late and kind of look like I crawled out of a coffin right now ( keeping with the Halloween theme ) . Reeeallly should have studied for GC test o__O Think I managed to pull a high B . 
MY FIRST ' B ' EVER IN A MATH CLASS !!! :D ( I know this is pitiful , but I suck at math , humor me . ) 
I swear to G-d if 2K of my novel was DELETED FOR NO REASON I am going to be hysterical ... and I won't know if it actually was until 6 PM tomorrow . I'm already behind , higher powers , there is no reason to f#% this up any more . 
Too annoyed to do anything . 
My grandmother has just discovered " that's what she said " . -__- 
I wonder if Hemingway or Thomas Wolfe ever wanted to pitch their writings into a fire and watch them burn ? :| 13,000 more words of dreck to go before I have a tangible copy of my novel to set aflame ... 
is relaxing ... for once . :) 
Leaving for 8 AM lab ... ugh . 
I'm finished with my novel of 50K words . I wrote this in a month . I can't even get the last page to my research paper on maggot debridement therapy finished ... 
Just made it to 25K and the half-way mark . :) I'm still 10K behind but hahaha ... it's Saturday . I'll catch up . 
All right . I DID study for chemistry and I DID get half of my math finished , so I'm treating myself to a late night post . Uh , question for bio/chem majors : Could anyone recommend a good biotech or genetics text ? 
I'm only 6,000 words behind ... it's okay ... - Reporting live from the insane asylum . ;) 
" Why can't I just write about something that requires actual research , time , and effort ? I'm sick of this enigmatic vampire crap . " Being a serious , mature author : losing you readers since the dawn of time . 
Just slept 12+ straight hours ... good Lord ... 
Sitting in the computer lab until 3:30 when I've got a bloody math test ... I guess I should work on 1)Studying/mathxl 2)Working on my English paper or 3)Boosting my much neglected word count on my NaNo novel ... 
This Saturday night only ... MATH HOMEWORK , STUDYING FOR CHEMISTRY , AND FINISHING AN ENGLISH PORFOLIO !!! I can hardly believe I managed to get a ticket for this before they sold out !!! 
Lab at 8 AM tomorrow ... please don't be another week of urine analysis . :( 
8000 more words . Hashem curse this month forever after . ( Also : I think I'm getting carpal tunnel very rapidly ... ) 
" Your quiz next week is on vitamin C titration and on Measurement of pH with indicators . Please bring coloring utensils along with you for the next class . " - College chem lab : Bring crayons . 
Did about a semester's worth of math in one night . Gonna fall asleep in the final , but eh ... 
I wish grades were actually posted ... arg . 
I just received " Look Homeward Angel " from my maternal grandparents . I think my novel-in-process might be a rip off , but it's okay because Thomas Wolfe is freakin ' crazy ( I can at least fake it ) . 
Going to the used book store in Concord and then I'm off to finish this novel ( hopefully ) . 
You never know how much crap you can fit into a single closet until you attempt to clean your room . 
Scratch that . 
Just bought one of the final Christmas gifts of the season ... and it's not even going to get here in time for me to give it to him . :( Going to see Princess and the Frog in a couple hours though . :) 
Salted roads better mean SNOW . [: 
probably shouldn't even be in college . :\ 
Found the missing 2K . Now to write some more ... 
Need my last grade ! Does " grades due by noon " mean nothing to this woman ?? 
Just saw Precious amidst a sea of teenyboppers coagulating the theatre to see New Moon . Do yourself a favor and see a movie with an iota of meaning ... 
Good visit with Emily Duty for the first time in forever ! 
Science majors : " We'll never use this in real life " is no longer a valid excuse . 
Nick got me some pretty sweet gifts for my birthday . A new bed he and his dad made themselves and comforter to go with it , and a new coat , plus some yummy food . :) <3 20 in two days ... 
Aren't antibiotics supposed to make you feel BETTER ? 
Depressed ? Enjoy creative endeavors ? Kick your artistic ambitions to the curb , work fifteen hours a day , and collapse into REM-less sleep each night . You won't have time to off yourself then , Mr. van Gogh . 
Steamed broccoli and rice ... uh , yes please . 
English portfolio ... yea ... finally doing it . Missing two items ... * sigh * 
Guess I ought to actually get ready for that Christmas ge t-t ogether at 5 ... 
Suppose I need to actually read that novel I'm having an exam on on Wednesday . 
Happy birthday Jimmy Buffett . 
25 days until my b-day ... If you are pronounced clinically dead and then get resuscitated does that count as a new birthday ? 
I'll be dead , sterilized , or violently ill tomorrow , but by god both of those spiders are dead . :) 
Iggmeister's China Girl > Bowie's . 
Just bought two games I really wanted for my computer , and they don't work . This wouldn't be so bad if anything had gone right since vacation began . 
My dad just ( successfully ) got me out of bed by yelling " Sulu's on NPR ! " :| 
The novelty of vacation has worn off . I need to go back to school so I have something other than my own existance to brood over , plzkthnx . 
" ... the play is the tragedy , “Man , ” and its hero , the Conqueror Worm . " - E.P. 
I hate all these damned " dysfunctional family Christmas " movies made for the yuppies that don't have one of their own . 
" It was like some cute little virgin and now it's just some fat whore . " - My grandmother , on mountains 
Moira Absinthe and I just had a Twilight bashing session . For the longest time , I've ignored my vehement hatred of Meyers , but tonight I admitted to myself that I'm still not published and that a rotund Mormon that writes " novels " about sparkling pedophiles is a millionare . That last spark of shriveling , anemic hope for humanity within me choked on its own vomit and died . 
Trying to finish this story , but no luck so far . :\ 
When I think I can overcome , it runs even deeper . 
World , I'm well aware of your ill sentiment , but the feeling was always mutual . 
Thank God we've evolved . 
Math homework : 13.5 /30 . Chemistry : 30 min/4 hours . 
Methinks summer brings out my agoraphobia . I don't even want to go to the bank to cash a check . :( 
Listening to Erasure and not much else . :) 
Two B's and four A's ... not bad for my first semester of uni . 
is home . Dreading school :\ 
So tonight I got home and a water main had busted in front of my house . :| 
woke up this morning most definitely NOT feeling like P . Diddy . Felt more like Biz Markie or Snow . 
slept 11 PM to 6 AM like a normal human being for once . :] 
Found a great job opening ... but I've never had to make a cover letter/resume for my past crappy jobs/interviews ! :[ 
is gettin ' hungry reading the wiki on Southern cuisine ... even though I'm munching on two Bojangles biscuits right now . :P 
Good impressions 101 : NOT writing about weed for your first English assignment . (-1 today ... ) 
I was just invited to a Shinedown/Nickleback/Breaking Benjamin concert . I think I may just need a drink and a ' Raw Power ' album inserted into the area my brain previously reserved for my starved respect for my generation . :) 
Almost finished with my resume/cover letter ... after a week . 
Well , almost 4 AM , guess I'm heading to bed soon . 
" You're at an advantage , they're human . " -My dad on sentience and the job market 
Gym in the AM . 
just found a typo in a medical dictionary . Great ... 
I just got an advertisement for Enterprise car rental . They're the company that bought out my previous workplace and the reason for the hiring freeze that prevents me for going back to work . FML 
is seriously thinking of taking a few auto classes at CPCC this summer ! 
So here's my dilemma : if I sign up for running crew , I'll get a call back on my applications . If I don't sign up for running crew , I won't . I know how this goes . T_T 
wishes I could forget what yogurt is while I'm eating it . :( 
is going to speak with an RCCC admissions counselor on Tuesday . I've still got a lot to think about , but it's nice to have options . 
Don't tell me to " cheer up " just because your Münchausen's happens to be in hibernation at the moment . 
Spending some time with Nick in Jacksonville ( North Cackacky edition ) . 
failed to study for the algebra exam . Hellloooo failing the test ! 
Sweet lord I don't want to go to class . :( 
Page two of a three 1/2 page draft that's got to be finished by 10 . I think this is a swell time to take a shower and stall some more . :) 
Tell me you still support anarchism after sitting at a busy intersection where the traffic lights have gone out . 
I really need to start on this paper I don't want to do after I go to this class I don't like . Life is fine ! Fine as wine ! 
Sitting around eating broccoli as a snack . Where did I go wrong ? 
just found out one of my grants was canceled for spring semester . I don't know if it's the fact that I have a 3.6 GPA or that I'm a semester ahead . Thank you once again , North Carolina public schooling . 
just made garlic bread . I'm pretty sure I rediscovered penicillin too . 
Whose bright idea was it to prop open the front door in this weather ?? 
See , this is what I love about the South . One piddly little snow and we're out of school . 
" [ System ]: Alliance Obama declares war against alliance USA . Diplomatic Relationship between each other alters to Hostile automatically . " -A message from my BF's Evony game but still lollll 
Screw you carboxylic acids . Right down to your -COOH . >:[ 
Why do I get the feeling that I'm never going to be employed ever again at this rate ? :\ 
Going to bed ( semi-early for once ) . 
I wish " a liberal arts education " didn't encompass things I don't care about . 
OH GOD . Why did my facebook JUST now change ? I thought I'd escaped it . :( 
Woke up ( physically ) depressed . That's new , but not unexpected . 
College : Not editing an English paper that counts for 1/3 of your final grade until midnight of the night before it's due , not going to bed until 2 AM despite the fact you have lab at 8 AM , and thanking whatever higher force exists that college uses a 10-point grading scale !! 
A smile from a veil , Do you think you can tell ... 
1 exam down , five hours of online lectures and another exam to go ... :[ 
is considering dropping Stats and Chem , effectively negating my only relevant classes this semester , putting me behind a year in applying to nursing school , and dropping me down to par t-t ime status . Thankfully I've been efficiently trumping my free will for a while now , so it shouldn't be an issue . 
My poor car is outside freezing its lugnuts off in this snow ! D: 
Stats and Western Civ exams today . :\ At least my car's fixed ( it was just a hose , thank God ) . 
I'm thinking this cold and sickness needs to take a hike . I'd kill to go to Sanibel this summer , if even for a few days . Sunshine , sea , and shells . Just want I need ... aside from a job and money to get there . :| 
Just remembered THERE IS NO THEATRE CLASS TODAY . My day just got 100% better . 
Anybody else hating FAFSA with a passion right now ? 
Please , please , please let me get what I want . 
Two more job apps down . Now to actually finish my Stats homework . :\ 
Peggy : " Only trailer trash smoke . " Luanne : " That's not fair , I don't smoke ! " - King of the Hill 
Using a Mac for the first time since Mrs. Stallings class ... it was the only one open in the library ... wonder why ! ;) 
" And love is not a victory march , it's a cold and it's a broken Hallelujah . " 
Fun first day at clinicals on IPU . 
There's nothing worse than being just smart enough to know you're a complete imbecile . 
" My passionate sense of social justice and social responsibility has always contrasted oddly with my pronounced lack of need for direct contact with other human beings and human communities . " 
" You need to get the latest edition of the lexicon " . " You mean I can't just use my version from 1600 ? It's freaking Latin . " 
Being a team player : Because God forbid we have some hooligan try to interject an original idea that might throw off this well-established groupthink . 
Living with extroverts means never having to wonder when you're home alone . 
has to wait until 11:30 to watch Dr. Drew dress down the Teen Mom people . DARN YOU DVR . Why can't you record more than two things at once ? 
Mom broke her ankle today ... going in for surgery right now . Keep her in your thoughts . 
Sidel nogoy boltal rabotat ne hotel . Except not really . 
Car's in the shop ... * sigh * 
Great . I miss the one day of class when we're going to watch a movie . :\ 
Nick Watson's mom makes the best banana nut bread muffins . 
Lysistrata , 411 B.C.E. : because you didn't invent crude sexual humor , 21st century . 
98 on first Stats test ! Wooooohooo ! 
Today was pleasantly eventful . All I did was go to college , but still ... 
Clinicals at the nursing home : Because it's never too late to switch to poli sci . 
Going out for Chinese on a Sunday , just like old times . 
Currently arguing over which ex-president's picture goes in the bunker for 2012 . Any thoughts ? 
Guess I'll start reading The Iliad and Lysistrata after actually beginning this English paper and looking at my Stats homework . To be fair , only the latter two are due tomorrow . 
So umm ... do Repo Men and Repo ! The Genetic Opera have anything to do with one another , aside from having the exact same plot ? 
Didn't study for the chem test that's Monday , didn't do any of the math homework that's due Tuesday , but , as usual , wound up researching philosophy that is of no relevance to anything but my own interests ( in reality for a story I'm writing anonymously ... ) . Priority fail . 
Last day of clinicals . THANK GOD . 
7 AM to 10 PM " work " /school day tomorrow . Sigh . 
This is going to suck in about two hours when I have to leave for clinical . 
I annoy the hell out of myself , but at least I know the feeling's mutual . 
Not looking forward to returning to UNCC tomorrow . I'm really considering transfering to a community college soon . 
Anyone remember that Rammstein song Zwitter ? I remembered it while we were going over Zwitterions in the middle of Chemistry class ; promptly snorted . 
So damned disappointed in myself . 
Nothing is worse than perky people in the AM . 
Done til January 5th . :D 
On the agenda : Studying for Chem & Global Connections . 
Three hours of sleep , no breakfast ( it's for the better , I assure you ) and headed off to clinical 2/4 at 6:30 AM on the first Saturday of my first college Spring Break . 
It's so awkward finding people from facebook on other sites . 
If anybody asks , this is for my dissertation on the effects of insomnia on college students . What do you mean that one's already been done ? 
' Caveat ' seems to be the term that will be used ad nauseum this semester . At least I don't have to play drinking games in my head sitting in the the back of Jones ' class hearing him repeat " please stop talking " 12 times in five minutes . 
is dreading when I wake up . Writing an essay and studying for my first test :\ 
Happy Valentine's Day . <3 
At least I have Tubeway Army . 
This sunburn is not nearly as fun as it was yesterday . 
Call Larry Kissel today and urge him to vote " no " on the amendment to strip Planned Parenthood's funding . Don't let women's rights be set back 100 years ! 

202-225-3715 
I'd kill for a good home-cooked meal right now . Looks like I'll be hittin ' the pots and pans when I get home at 9 o'clock . -_- 
CSI : everyone that has antisocial PD/Brunner Syndrome ( which were you going for ? ) is a criminal mastermind . Let's cite those cool-sounding brain thingies , and then determine " everybody determines their own destiny ! 11 " . Also , kill Bieber . 
Watched someone run by as I was scarfing down oreo cakesters and chugging a Sundrop . Made me tired just looking at her . 
Oh atlas . ti . At least you're not Excel . 
Money buys happiness . I know this because I'm poor , and I'm not exactly spending my time testing expensive food on white beaches . 
I dedicate entirely too much of my alone time mentally reaffirming my misanthropy . 
It'd be great if my goals and relationships could harmonize , just once . 
Go out of my way to find a way for someone to get an awesome PAID internship in their field with assisted housing in a different state over the summer . I get yelled at and made to feel like shit . I love my life . 
Read two pages of mindless " like " pages concerning gender disputes , Justin Bieber , and sex . Depressed . 
Slept forever . Time for work , school , repeat . 
About to do the only thing I've looked forward to in a week ... watch Teen Mom . * ~ fuK da h8trz ~ * 
Pay info on the employee site is finally updated ... is it just me , or is my hourly rate for RA $2.50 more than I thought it was ?! :D 
Looked at all the local ' check-ins ' . They need to add " getting on Facebook in church " to the list of cardinal sins . 
Plan for today : Stare at all the homework I need to do . 
Your enemies are the only ones that are guaranteed to be honest with you . 
Just got Psalm 20:4 texted to me from some random person . 
Everything in the household has been consumed . I suppose it is time for a brief slumber . 
My re-re pic from the Sanskrit photoshoot is up . 
Spring Break will be spent interviewing , writing two papers , and preparing for a cog psych exam . Yay . 
I CAN NEVER HAVE AN MRI . 
Test , project , and work ( for tonight ) finished ! Time to boil my mind to mush with some mindless TV . 
I think this box of rice was intended for a family of four . Whoops . 
Got invited to a graduate level class by my boss . The fact that I'm excited marks rock bottom in my nerdiness . 
Editing transcripts . I swear to God I'm going to throttle the person that keeps putting commas after " and " . 
Things I do not want to do today : anything . 
Missing Cursive show at Tremont to sit around on the internet . Someone go for me . 
I deal far too much with IRBs and HIPAA to be anything but a licensed doctor by now . 
Smoke alarm went off . Cat is under the bed for an indeterminate duration of time . 
That awkward moment when you are no longer under the disillusionment of your medication and realize your cat is the only one that loves you . 
Well , went a couple weeks without this waste of time . Wanted to creep , so I'm back for the time being . :| 
Yeah . Maybe not . 
You can’t go home again . 
I really wish I could go on a cruise to the Bahamas . :( 
Suckerpunch was actually a lot better than I anticipated . 
Diffusion of responsibility can suck it -- someone call the damn cops when an alarm has been going off for 15 minutes . 
Got into a cognitive psych lab for next semester ! My junior year is going to be supaa busy . 
Great . The only section of physiological psych is closed ONCE AGAIN for Fall . :| 
Just edited 40 pages of qualitative research . Ugh . 
Anyone think I should try for the Gogol Bordello concert right after my interview next Thursday night ? 
Have any of you designed an original study ( specifically in the social sciences/psych/neuropsych) ? Or is anyone willing to help me come up with an original study ? XD 
Dear Poe and all of the English classes that want me analyze your short stories : I don't care . 
Run to class . 30 minutes later we're being dismissed early . :| 
Really bummed about missing the Gogol Bordello concert tonight ... 
" I would prefer not to . " I would prefer you not end a sentence with a preposition , Bartleby . 
Oh my god ... so much work -_- 
Four hours ( today alone ) of research and data entry ... -_- 
The irony of my still being on social networking sites never fails to amuse me . 
Contemplating venturing into the sunlight . 
Time to go outside the house and take a test . 
Recommend some hopeless reading . The Road wasn't half as depressing as I wanted it to be . 
Am I the only one that doesn't know what to do with themselves when they don't have school and/or work ? :| 
Someone call holiday so I don't have finals tomorrow . 
Having one of those " oh god , graduate school is never going to happen " moments . No matter what you're doing , someone else always does 10x more . :| 
I don't even watch you , CSI . Why is this Nate Haskell plot so intriguing ? 
Back to work . In a few hours I'll be nerding it up with Katie Fisher . :P 
Wow . I was a total nerd last night . Watched Sailor Moon and played pokemon with Katie Fisher and then went to see Thor with Nick Watson . XD 
Went to the U.S. National Whitewater Center today and got the most awkward sunburn ever . 
Always look on the bright side of life ! 
I'm really not feeling this paper . Almost done , and then cognitive psych final ... 
I just love when Moodle decides to f#$% up in the middle of a final . 
Going kayaking with Dad for the first time in forever . 
I don't have a lot to do on the weekends after adopting a nihilist view of the universe . Any suggestions ? 
Dad and I picked up an injured box turtle on the way home . We also passed the jackass that hit it , on the side of the road with a flat tire . Ah , karma . 
Just got an advertisement for " Identigene " . DNA paternity tests are now avaliable at your local drug store . Still waiting on my hovercar , science . 
So Charlotte people , who thinks the first day of class is going to be canceled tomorrow ? D: 
Just tried oatmeal for the first time , and it's just as disgusting as I always predicted . 
I don't know why I kid myself anymore . Nothing but retrograde amnesia is going to allow me to be happy . 
Another busy day ... English , psych , work , and Never Let me Go later tonight ! Anyone else going to see that movie ? :] 
Had a wonderful weekend with Nick Watson . :) 
Drove for five miles before realizing she had left her phone on top of the car . Thanked God , the laws of physics , and the makers of Ford roofs after finding it still in place . 
Stats is slowing working its way up to the top of the " why in hell do I need this " list . 
Haha , well scratch having a good day ... my freaking phone was just washed and I'm going to have to drop a couple hundred dollars tomorrow . 
Went to bar full of hipsters , escaped alive , retreating into fetal position under the bed for a while . 
Dear heart : Get better soon . 
Beginning my second novel today . Good luck to everyone else who is participating in NaNoWriMo . 
Looks like I need a second dose of varicella . Apparently you can go twenty years without ever having chickenpox ... 
Just got done with my interview ( thinking it went well , but we'll have to wait and see ) , and now I'm finishing up some work at the Sanskrit office ! 
Someday I'm going to change . Future me isn't going to put off Stats homework , an English paper , theatre extra credit , and hours worth of Western Civ lectures until the last minute . Hopefully because I won't have those classes again ... 
Paper due Friday and a speech due Monday ... there's got to be more to life . 
Guess I'm finally going to see Alice in Wonderland . The last movie I saw in theatres was Avatar , if that says anything about my violated trust in hype . 
Apparently NoDa is too edgy to have a facebook page . Guess I'll have to track all their events via word of mouth and left of the dial . Oh , and on that handy-dandy 21st century webpage . Hippies . 
Living involves tearing up one rough draft after another . 
UNC-TV has a good feature on Gene Roddenberry on right now . 
Dearest apathetic , sentient universe : let me pass Stats . That's not too much to ask for in the big scheme of things is it ? :D 
Busy !!! Completing my citiprogram training , working on theory and fiction writing homework , and reading over the lab for Monday . 
Enjoyed the short trip to NoDa today . At least I won't get too lost if I go there Saturday . 
Well , I got my classes after all : public speaking ( required ) , abnormal psych , writing about literature , Hebrew scriptures , and Latin . Four of five correlate to my majors . Awesome switch or what ? Unemployment never looked so fun . 
Livin ' off pralines and cornbread . 
Just visited with two of the cutest cats in the world ! :) 
First interview I'm offered in years and I'm dressed in jeans with uncombed hair . -_- 
With Nick Watson at the Great Smokies . 
Is prepared to get a crap grade on this English paper . I don't see why I need to have a completed paper if this is the first draft ! -_- 
Did I request thee , Maker , from my clay to mold me man ? Did I solicit thee from darkness to promote me ? 
I don't have everyone backing me that'd I'd like , but tomorrow ( or today , I should say ) I'm changing majors . 
I'm thoroughly convinced the source of my avoidance of human interaction is the fact that my choices of socialization are people too young to know or people too old to hear . 
Eh , forget being depressed ... I'm painting my toenails and playing pokemon for the rest of the night . <3 
There's nothing like hoarding money to make you want to compulsively spend it all on useless items . Not little things . Cars . Vacations . Airplanes . Now go screw yourself conscience , and stop making me feel guilty about wanting to get a damn DS Lite four years after it came out . 
I love what youtube commercials have done to people . Threats of suicide , killing sprees , and computer destruction all because of a 30 second interruption you can mute . 
Time may heal all wounds , but it makes for one frigid nurse . 
is very inspired by the community's outcry to keep Mecklenburg's public libraries open . People and the media can still make a difference . 
There is nothing quite as thrilling as putting off a boring report until mere hours before it is due . 
" Everybody's private motto : It's better to be popular than right . " - Mark Twain 
If you can't help it , then just leave it alone/Leave me alone , yeah , just forget it/It's really easy/I'll just forget it too . 
Had a good time with Katie Fisher at the Coffee House and now winding down with Nick Watson and Killing Floor . 
My theatre teacher has officially renamed A Midsummer Night's Dream " Grabass in the Forest " . Here I thought I'd hate that class . <3 
Airport 
' Bout to get my hair did for the first time in a while . I'm thinking I'll get that turquoise streak I've been wanting since I haven't been employed in years anyway . :) 
Time to write this essay I guess . I don't think I should have picked a book from 1641 . 
I wonder how long I can put off writing this speech outline . 
Dear juniors and seniors signing up for my introductory English class : Screw you . Don't change majors that late into the game . 
Does anyone actually own a Kindle or similar device ? Would you rec it ? 
There's never going to be a cure until people recognize that there's a problem . 
" ... if you're so clever , then why are you on your own tonight ? " Goodnight folks . 
officially has an aqua streak in her hair . ;) 
Went to visit at CHS today with Nick Watson . It was nice seeing Mrs. Stallings , and even Kody . XD 
Please facebook , I know you think it's funny , but stop giving me all these damn baby ads ! 
I know this makes me a bad geek , but I never knew the origin of " a cat is fine too " until just now . I think I hurt myself laughing . Thank you ED . 
" Human beings are many , but men are few . " - Herodotus . ( See ? I'm doing my work . ) 
Today I was sunburned . Ah , thank God you're back warm weather . 
Nothing like " scheduled maintenance " to ruin your night . 
Can't stop eating red tic tacs . 
Almost at the end of the worst semester ever . One paper , one portfolio , and one final to go . 
Enjoying my time , even if it has been largely consumed by stamping . Now off to read some fantastic lit and continue listening to a bunch of pompous 80's music ;) 
Who knew research could be interesting ? I'm actually enjoying this project , even if it is going to take forever to finish . 
I hate Stats . 
As much as I love talking to educated people , there IS something completely disheartening about having to admit to an astrophysicist that your experience in their field of expertise is limited to looking through a telescope . 
While doing research for my short story , I googled " Genesis " . I'm pretty amused that google thinks a 70's band takes precedent over a text that has survived several thousand years . 
FINALLY bought myself a DS . :) 
What happens to a dream deferred ? 
" All emerge from slime , and morals are relative . " - Archelaus 
COMING TO AMERICA IS ON . :D 
Watched part of The Hangover , at long last . Are people being " ironic " when they say this movie is funny , or do I honestly need a lobotomy to enjoy any movie created after 1990 ? 
Just made my best batch of fried chicken and french fries yet . 
Time to get these new pants hemmed . 
Passed my CNA test ! :D 
Anybody happen to know when Actor's Theatre of Charlotte is doing a " pay what you can " night ? $30 for a ticket my ass ! 
Grandad is sick and going to the hospital . 
Bed for tonight . Dad checked on the turtle , it's doing better , and it got a peach for dinner . Kayaking in the AM . 
Two damn spiders in my room in one day ... 
wishes she could motivate herself to start editing these 75 pages of drivel from back in November . 
is looking forward to the Greek philosophies unit in Western Civ . Socrates , Plato , Aristotle ... what better guys to hang out with this weekend . XP 
Oh my god ... the cat escaped when the pizza guy came to the door . He's back now , thank god ... 
is watching Sailor Moon . Yes , for those of you who don't know me , I'm a nerd . :| 
Ignorance of the past is inexcusable . Ignorance of the present is en vogue . 
Anybody going to see Bob Dylan at UNCC tomorrow ? 
This paper is going to go down like a lead zeppelin . 
That's cool , you know , just cancel my pell grant mere days before class . I'm good . 
I used friend finder , facebook . Thank you for recommending a psychiatrist and a recruiter . Thanks a lot . 
All right , I'm desperate enough to get out of the house today . 
Optimism must be the most unrewarding thing I've ever attempted . 
Untroubling , and untroubled where I lie/Below the grass -- above the vaulted sky . 
Gonna play some HeartGold I guess . 
Got a sweet kitty cat for Christmas ! Any tips for what kind of food/litter/toys to get him ? 
Good day with Katie Fisher ... next up , scuba diving ! 8D 
The game looks easy , that's why it sells . 
There is nothing worse than peer reviews in this class . Read aloud ? Psssssh . 
saw a live snake and giant millipede on the way into class today . o___O 
Spent the day getting burned at the beach and swimming in the waves . Now all I need is a Friday's steak to make the day complete ! 
It's finally warm enough to swim in the pool , so that's what I've been up to today . <3 
Hero worship officially weirds me out . Most people never notice truly extraordinary individuals right in front of them because they're too caught up with how ~ shiny ~ and ~ amazing ~ celebrities look in the spotlight . 
I love reading . I love writing . I do not like writing about things I have read . 
On the reading list : Their Eyes Were Watching God ( half-way ) , Ratman's Notebooks ( half-way ) , A Briefer History of Time , and Sharp Objects . Good to be reading again . 
Going to the doc with the worst stomach ache of my life . -_- 
I should have been a pair of ragged claws , scuttling across the floors of silent seas . 
Dear neighbor's unsecured wi-fi : He may pay for you , but you and I have that special connection . 
Nervous as hell about tomorrow . CNA test in the morning and volunteer oreintation in Charlotte tomorrow night . :( Alone again , naturally . 
New phone ... looking for another par t-t ime job now that I'm spending money like a fiend . Does anyone know of any pizza places that are hiring ? Please let me know . :( 
Going to Nashville tomorrow . I'm really looking forward to the Inquisition at the airport . 
I'm SO ready for school to start . An entire schedule of English & psych classes , a chance to get back into my work-out routine , and back to work with the Sanskrit crew ! 
Back in the QC . 
I hate being embarrassed for other people . It never results in the proper shame and humiliation for the correct party . 
I kind of love the pokewalker . It was clearly made for neurotic , pacing lunatics like me . 
Birds : nature's most annoying alarm clock . 
School . :) 
Two classes down , one hour in at the gym , and now I'm back to wasting my time at the cafe . 
Thank you Windows 7 . I did not previously know that my copy of you " is not genuine " . I can't imagine how that happened ... 
No citations ? Check . Under the page limit ? Check . Due tomorrow ? Yep . 
After a year in therapy my psychiatrist said , 
" Maybe life isn't for everyone . " 
Cleaned the bathtub , washed my sheets , cleaned my room , swam , going grocery shopping ... I wish I was always this productive when I'm in a bad mood . ;p 
Is anyone attending Charlotte Femmefest ? I'll provide a ride to NoDa if you have a ticket . 
Mecklenburg , we need to talk . Canceling the MLK holiday isn't going to make you popular . I thought we discussed this when you elected Bill James . 
Went to see Vampires Suck . I'm always amused that parodies attract the very audience they're mocking ... 
I'm so glad I was not in Charlotte this weekend . I hear Tina Fey was giving a speech or something . 
just received a letter from student media , informing all new members they are " looking forward to seeding " us . I'm more concerned that this is not a typo . 
My persuasive speech is on euthanasia . Who has a witty introduction ? 
Just applied for four jobs . Crossing my fingers for the next few days . :\ 
Going out to the Whitewater Center for a while , and then I've got a date with philosophy for the next few hours . -_- 
Forgot how much I loved The Twilight Zone until I watched some episodes on youtube . What happened to you , TV ? Why don't I question life , society , and my existence when I watch you nowadays ? 
I picked up at book at the bookstore called " Get a Life That Doesn't Suck " . I opened to the title page and someone had left a sticky note that said : " Step 1 : Don't Read Twilight " 
At the airport ! :D 
I was having a nightmare about oreos until the dentist's office woke me up this morning . :[ 
FIXED THE INTERNET . 
" The surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that it has never tried to contact us . " -Calvin and Hobbes 
In Nashville for a few days . 
Mania : Because working an entire year's worth of work and life experiences into one day makes sense at the time . 
Why can't I just " get over it " ? 
Wondering how UNCC disability services would take a claim of selective mutism ... Hell if I'm taking ' required ' public speaking . 
Interview on Friday ! Hallelujah ! 
Dental appointment , picking up meds , speech tomorrow ... but there is also pen shopping today . Everything is made just by my pen lust . 
In Tennessee for the summer . 
I want to start ballet . :| 
This RA oreintation is ... daunting . o_O 
To anyone in Concord : who were the people waving " Honk for retirement " signs on Union this afternoon ? o_O 
Why am I craving latkes in freaking MAY ? :( 
It's about this time I regret simultaneously volunteering to conduct interviews and not filling my anxiolytic prescription . 
HOW MANY TIMES MUST I TELL YOU I DON'T HAVE TUBERCULOSIS ? 
The fiction writing class I so looked forward to has convinced me I should be a forever drug-free mathematician . 
Well , I passed Stats with the minimum grade , but I NEVER HAVE TO TAKE IT AGAIN . Wooooot ! 
Headed back to CLT . Praying I don't get stuck next to anyone with something to yak about all the way there . 
Looked up at the TV to see House and Wilson fighting about furniture . I obviously haven't watched this show in a while . Last time I watched House they were still in the UST stage , not married . 
Okay , well nevermind that bitter rant against Charlotte last night ... we have ConCarolinas ! Anyone want to go ? I'm looking at you Olivia Owens and Kate Graham . :] 
Half of my bank account is gone . THANKS TEXTBOOKS ILY . 
DADT was repealed , and NC's Burr was one of the eight Republicans to vote in favor of the repeal . :) Now talk about something else Diane Rehm . 
How chastening in the hour of pride ! How consoling in the depths of affliction ! - " This too shall pass " . 
I drove by your house and all the lights were out . 
What causes such cruelty ? 
Busy , busy , busy day ... and tomorrow looks to be even MORE busy . D: 
" Forgiveness is to set a prisoner free , and to realize the prisoner was you . " 
I need to get serious with my work-out again . I saw so much progress over summer . Going to try for the gym in the morning . 
Complacency doesn't mean everything is perfect , it means you've given up on giving a shit . 
I wish the gym didn't have such weird hours on Sunday ! Oh well , back tomorrow . 
Got a call back . I'll be going in Monday to do the second part of my interview -- the " hands on " stuff . 
No matter what you think , I miss you . I hope you stay true to yourself . 
Just found a calico cat outside . :D 
Forced myself to watch an episode of Star Trek : Enterprise ( forgive me Lord Roddenberry ) . It's like a bunch of fanboys got paid to have their awful RP characters piss on the grave of canon . 
Think I'll shoot for an unconsciousness-inducing work-out today . I'm that kind of overjoyed to be alive . 
I feel absolutely betrayed by someone that claimed to ' love ' me . I hope you find someone brainless enough to appreciate you . 
Time to bottle it up and pretend I'm okay once again . :) 
Guess what's going on in Raleigh right now ? Animazement , where nerds roam free and happy . Guess what's going on Charlotte , a week following an NRA convention ? #$%&ing NASCAR . Damn you sentient Universe , damn you . 
" Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not ; and often times we call a man cold when he is only sad . " - Longfellow 
Insanely bored enough to be reading a textbook on googlebooks . 
Reading more of Love Medicine for English . At least it isn't as bad as Ceremony ... :\ 
You made me forget myself . I thought I was someone else , someone good . 
My 2nd paper was a full letter grade higher than my 1st ... that almost makes up for the fact I have a speech due tomorrow that I've barely started . 
Go off to sleep in the sunshine , I don't want to see the day when it's dying . 
" Love is patient , love is kind . It does not envy , it does not boast , it is not proud . It is not rude , it is not self-seeking , it is not easily angered , it keeps no record of wrongs . Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth . It always protects , always trusts , always hopes , always perseveres . " 
Getting ready to head to the beach with my grandma for a few days . 
Psychiatrist called me a people person . Set your worthless doctorate on fire . 
Good Lord I hate UNCC's English program . 
Wondering why the ' p ' button my keyboard is sticking . I'm sure you kiddies can get creative with what words I've been abusing in the search engine ... 
Going to bed . When I get up in the morning , I'll be one day closer to meeting my kitty <3 
I am human and I need to be loved , just like everyone else does . 
" I trust everyone . I just don't trust the devil inside them . " 
I'm not seeing this ' snow ' we're supposed to be getting ! 
MY GOD TAG THESE THINGS AS FILLED I AM READING SOMETHING THAT I HAVE BEEN WAITING A YEAR TO BE WRITTEN FFFFF MOD INCOMPETENCE . 
Laisse-moi devenir l'ombre de ton ombre ... 
Kayaked at Morrow State Park today . I love getting outside and away from a large portion of the things that infuriate me , even if its only for a few hours . 
I've got to say this job search has been one of the most depressing things ever ... 
Bed . Gym with madre in the morning . 
When I was 13 , I read Anne Rice and Poppy Z . Brite and endured teasing from middle schoolers for " liking those stupid vampire books " . As soon as my authors start writing about Jesus and chefs , Twilight hits like plague . FML 
Holiday ge t-t ogethers -- because " mass suicide watch " just isn't catchy . 
Like this if you're going to the midnight showing of Harry Potter . 
Like this status if you will be rocking out with Onan tomorrow . 
New profile pic finally . 
Met some cool people today at Sanskrit , and going to look further into joining APO . How is everyone else enjoying being back at school ? 
Pagophagia : must there be a disease equivalent for everything I enjoy ? 
First day of classes tomorrow . Public speaking at 8 AM . When I say " I like to get it over with " , I mean " I'll take the earliest available class to avoid an entire day of dreading it " . 
Visited the observatory last night and saw tiny , crooked Saturn up close ! Yoga this afternoon . 
I wish society did not make us so ashamed of our pain that we were forced to hide the truth . 
I go to the Bi-Lo to use the self-checkout so I can avoid human interaction . I don't go to Bi-Lo to be aided by a morose high school boy , and have a stupid child stand behind me while there are three other self-checkouts open . Just sayin ' . 
Today's the best day ever . My GPA is still where I want it to be , AND my paycheck for the end of this month is lookin ' sweeeet . :D 
Pretty sure I'm going to finish this book and crash . 
" I was much too far out all my life , and not waving but drowning . " 
First interview in months ! Even if I didn't get the job , I'm really proud of how I handled my anxiety and managed to give an awesome interview . :) 
Fourth rejection letter thus far . Looks like it's time to post another picture of a jobless , happy pug before I go to the gym and sweat out all my angst . 
When creativity leaves us , what remains ? 
Today so far : Paperwork , Sanskrit , applied to CMC for CNA work again . Class til 5 , and then I can GO HOME . 
Awesome first day back ! Saw some old friends and met a new one ! 
Novel 1/20 completed . I hate when I cry over books . Thanks to Katie Fisher for recommending My Sister's Keeper ! 
TAKE THE SOMA . 
Thank you Momus , for having the only non-BS English translation of Ne Me Quitte Pas ever . It was worth the 89 cents . 
Hair , gym , MLK assembly , books , job app ... all in a Tuesday's work for me ! 
" To create man was a quaint and original idea , but to add the sheep was tautology . " - Mark Twain 
" We can do this by seniority or we can do this by who has the most lethal weapons on them . Either way , I win . " -something I found in an unsent email from last year 
My faith in humanity is in the red . People are an unfortunate variable in the big scheme of things . 
Saw an ambulance driving through a cemetery today . There are far too many punchlines coming at me at once . Anyone , anyone ? 
Guess it's time to get this " go outside and face humanity " thing over with for today ... 
I can understand mixing up you're and your a couple of times , but there is no excuse for " baited " breath . NONE . 
Kind of getting sick of people trying to bring me down . :| 
Sometimes googling images of necrotizing fasciitis is all that cheers up . 
All I can do is miss you , and hate that you don't even think of me . 
I love how this idiot cannot talk without screaming . Seriously , from his ~ hilarious ~ misadventures to CAN YOU PASS THE REMOTE is at maximum volume ... 
" Lauren , put on proper clothing . Don't look like everyone else in Gastonia . " - My dad , on going to the grocery store . I don't know what should offend me anymore . 
Just signed up for ballet in September . 
If 320 people on facebook like " being depressed " and 9038 people like " high school " , how many people are lying about their preferred emotional state ? ( 2 points ) 
NPR managed to narrow down ' alcoholic authors ' for the Wait Wait show . Factoids featured : Jack Kerouac joined the Navy , Coast Guard and Marines on the same day during a drunken haze , and Thomas Wolfe liked to chew glass when he drank . 
Now I'm embarrassed for the proper person . Bombed that whole ' first impression ' thing turning in an app for a job I'd really like ... -_- 
Writing with my new fountain pens ! :D 
Does anyone know if UNCC's fitness center is open the first week ? 
Spent 30 minutes watching botfly larvae being extracted from people on youtube . I won't try to justify this one in the name of science . 
Dear rich , artsy , pontificating young professionals of Charlotte : Gentrification has taken the fun out of everything . Stop calling the cops . No one actually does that . 
Ah , hypocrisy . 
" How on earth are you ever going to be able to explain in terms of chemistry and physics so important a biological phenomenon as first love ? " - Einstein :( 
I've just realized how much I hate my fall schedule . Now its too late to switch . :\ 
Latin , turning in my English paper , Sanskrit meeting , and finally headed over to see Katie Fisher and Emily Duty ... if I don't pass out ... 
Didn't get it ... apparently I'm not good with people or animals . All that's left is dead bodies or a job in HR . * zing * 
I'll miss the boredom and the freedom and the time spent alone . 
I've discovered the principle " If it's bright blue , it's probably poison " is just as true in bars as it is in nature . 
" No shit ! " - My English professor , during a particularly intense poetry explication . I think I'm going to like this class . 
I'm way too excited about these free sparkcharts . :| 
" He's worse than dead ... his brain is gone ! " Ahahah , why does everyone hate this episode ? Robot Spock , incredulous cavemen natives , and WHAT IS BRAIN ? Win . 
I never knew a first-degree burn could hurt so much . Oww . 
Beach tomorrow until Friday . I'm celebrating failure and unemployment in style ! <3 
I know I should sleep , but now I'm too anxious ... here's hoping I can still wake up at 5 AM . 
There was just a Gospel commercial on the Science Channel ... 
One paper down , one speech to go ... 
I really need a job . Does anyone have any contacts at CMC ( or any hospital) ? I'm dying here . 
This is a ridiculous question , but what exactly are pilates ( and are they hard for people who are intermediately out of shape ? ) ? 
Analyzing this poem for my portfolio , and then off to do something mindless ... HeartGold is the most likely candidate . 
Busy day tomorrow ! Speech first thing in the morning , dropping by the office to get my assignment later , and attending the Alpha Phi Omega meeting tomorrow night . 
Yay ! Got to see Chihuly at the Frist ! 
I lied . I have an interview today at 9:30 . If I don't get this job I'm thinking I'll pursue theoretical physics since I look good on paper , but don't actually function in real life situations . Zing ! 
Reconsidering CNA work , seeing as I have my license just sitting there moldering away and all ... Probably going to cruise the old folks ' homes next week . 
SIMCHA ! I got the job as copy editor for Sanskrit ( UNCC's literary magazine) ! 
Class was cancelled ! My 8 AM class that I got up at 7 o'clock to attend . Also , the drink machine stole my $1.25 . 
' Bout to see The Great American Trailer Park Musical ... this is gonna be good . ;) 
I'm going to dread Mondays and Wednesdays for the entirety of this semester . 
Alternating between panic attack and complete apathy , but I'm looking forward to watercolors after I pass/fail the second part of this interview . 
Oh thank god . A seat opened up in adult dvlp . & aging so I don't have to take child psych ! 
Booked a flight . Seats are wide open ever since that new security procedure , hahaha !! 
Think I'm going to attempt this tumblr thing . Anyone else have one ? 
Just wrote a nine-page paper about sex that my 55+ male English professor is going to read . Shouldn't have chosen to write on " Europa " . -_- 
The loss of my anonymity would be the greatest violation of my humanity that I can imagine . 
" Schizophrenia beats dining alone . " - Oscar Levant . Out to lunch . 
The female reproductive system : Damned if you do , damned if you don't . 
I wonder how long I've been approved for internships since NOT turning in my required resume . Application timmmeee ... 
Listening to " that weird 80's music " like old times . <3 
Good day with Olivia Owens to make up for the awful time I had at school on Friday . Even got to check out Amelie's at last ! 
Please remember , remember to get your submissions into Sanskrit by November 5th ! Art and lit is accepted ; comment if you need a form or anything . 
Confetti cake ! 
For all sad words of tongue and pen , the saddest are these , ' It might have been ' . 
I seriously hope I'm over this stomach virus by tomorrow -_- 
Nothing to do until Thursday , at which point I'll be subjected to " teamwork " and " enthusiasm " . Enjoying boredom while it lasts . 
" I remember thinking , how did he know to put the pursuit part in there ? That maybe happiness is something that we can only pursue and maybe we can actually never have it . " - The Pursuit of Happyness 
I feel beyond overwhelmed . I don't belong in college . 
I love my kitty ! We decided on ' Shylock ' ( Shy for short ) for his name . Happy New Year East Coast ! 
Hipster moment : Looked at a person's facebook profile , didn't recognize any of their favorite music , thought " +1 " . 
Likethis status & I'll tell you : 1 . Something I've learned about you from looking at your wall for 13 seconds 2 . The color you remind me of 3 . My first memory of you 4 . The animal you remind me of 5 . Ask something I've always wondered about you 6 . My favorite thing about you ...... 7 . Give you a weird nickname 8 . dare you to post it ! 
There is a cat trapped in a box outside . I think this pretty much sums up my life right now . 
Sunday has never been an official weekend day . People are up at 8 AM to go to church , students are doing homework all day , and anyone that has work on Monday sits there dreading it until bedtime ... 
This psychology textbook reads like a high school misfit wrote it after having a bucket of blood poured on them at prom . What a crock of bitterness and condescension . 
" And all the people said , what a shame that he's dead ... but wasn't he a most peculiar man ? " 
I hate to tell Glenn Beck this , but those geese were Canadian . 
I could really use a warm cat to cuddle with right now ! :( 
Public speaking and Latin today . Should have scheduled these classes for 2013 so I wouldn't have to take them . 
Watercolors , copper leaf , pencils , pumpkins ... I think I've officially trashed the kitchen . :[ 
Listening to St. Elsewhere , because I've heard Cee Lo curse at me about stealing his woman far too many times now . 
Everyone around me is hacking and coughing . I like to think of it as an inoculation . 
Maybe it'll be better in a little while . 
Hitting the thrift store in hopes of finding something for the Ren Fest tomorrow . 
PECANS OH GODDD . 
Well , no speech . Headed to Sanskrit after Latin . 
Political correctness has taken the humor out of everything . 
Things are looking up ! <3 
Cognitive psych = Valium . 
Come on fallen star , I refuse to let you die . 
Well , I've officially been wrung out of faith in humanity for the time being . A juvenile prank has ruined my night . I wish convincing little imbeciles actually had the guts to own up to their lies . 
You talk like Marlene Dietrich , and you dance like Zizi Jeanmaire ... 
During my 30 minute nap I received three texts and a call . Starting to understand why all those ancient demons get pissed when awoken from their slumber ... 
Registration can go die in a hole . 
Almost done with training , got my employment verification card , homework is all done ... off to my first day of work tomorrow morning . 
Dude , there are a dozen other open seats here . Do you have to be creepy in my corner ? 
I wish I could get a degree in ' doing sh*t at the last minute ' . I'd graduate summa cum laude . 
Even though I want my novel's main character to be female , there are certain connotations gender carries and I'm strongly reconsidering . Fellow NaNo-ers , what challenges are you facing in the planning process ? 
I straight up hate FAFSA . Oh well . I have fiction writing hw , theory hw , and Excel to keep me from self-destructing . Haha . Ha . 
Not impressed with the Kannapolis Y's lack of lower body machines , " co-ed " whirlpool , and the fact it's right next to the graveyard ! 
Spider fell behind the bed ... nightmares forever . 
Closest I've come to church on Sunday is a come to Jesus meeting with dad over cups . 
Reading my novel for English ! 
Cog psych test and paper time ... totally meant to start around 9:30 , but uh , I kinda wanted to sleep in for once . 
The only thing that can make this umbrella-less , toothbrush-less , nasty day any better is an impromptu speech at 8 AM . 
Had a great day thanks to Nick Watson and Katie Fisher ! 
Been feeling kind of stressed lately . Talking to Dad helped . I <3 my family . 
So . Much . Data . To . Analyze . :( 
Went to the Renn Fest today with Cyn Lynn , Olivia Owens , and the lovely Ms. Kate Graham ! Naptime , and homework later . >_< 
Wants to make sugar skulls ! 
Yeah . So " medium brown " turned out to be BLACK . Stuck with black hair for the time being ... 
I'm sick of having blond hair . Anyone want to suggest a new color(s) ? 
My awful powerpoint is as done as it's gonna get . Can't wait for this freaking speech class to be finished ... 
Well , goodnight folks . It's going to be a pleasure waking up at 5 o'clock . 
Okay , anyone that has seen Black Swan , what in the hell just happened to my brain ? Interpretations please ? 
There's a fanpage for schizoid personality disorder on a social networking site . /easy amused 
Ladies room in engineering department : cleanest on campus . 
Closer to working this phone ... 
Toured the Vanderbilt campus today with Melissa Martin Hutchison ! Really great school and med center , can't wait to volunteer this summer ! 
Well , better a half-assed speech than no speech I suppose . Now that that's over with it's time to catch up on my reading , and maybe then I can actually write more than two sentences of this novel . 
About to read my novel from last November . Debating between two prompts for my second novel ... HALP . 
I picked up my copy of Naked Lunch I threw in the closet three years ago . Page 23 is dogeared . Let's see how far I make it this time . 
Just received a sentimental confession on my voicemail from a complete stranger . I'm very sorry you hung up on me too , and whatever " pictures " you're handing over to me better be here soon . 
Trying to plan my schedule for next semester and I wind up looking at Moleskines ... why do such things aimed at distracting writers exist ? 
" You start acting like that at my family's funeral , I'll take your ass out . There'll be two funerals . " - Dad , on Westboro Baptist Church protesting at funerals 
Tried to add facebook to my amazon wishlist . Default price : $5000 . 
Oh my god this is cheap , awful wine . 
I wish I could laugh , but that joke isn't funny anymore . 
Browsing this mortuary school's website and wondering why CPR is a required course . 
Thanks for the Christmas card , work . Now how about sending your beloved employees their paychecks ! 
Wish I had the guts to drop this life like a hot skillet . Hands are blistered . 
It's snowing , and all I can think of is that fleeting moment you'd smile beneath the flurries . I hate that you're alone , but our freedom was the only gift remaining . 
I think my mask of ' I give a damn ' is about to slip . 
There is nothing innately redeeming about being human . No one is ' perfect ' the way they are . There is always room for improvement , always a time for change , and always a reason to go beyond what is adequate . 
I kind of want to cry . I really shouldn't cram half a semester's work and an essay into one night . 
Bout fell asleep during my dental appointment . Growing up with a nurse for a mom makes needles , drills , and the sound of your own teeth being demolished seem like nothing . 
Just posted my new cell # . It has a TN area code , but I am still in NC . 
B in public speaking ? Really ? Freaking wow . 
Eff you NaNo stats page . Just because I happen to write 10,000 words a day the last few days of November does NOT mean I'm " behind schedule " . 
Today is my 21st birthday . Thinking I'm going to be a hell of a lot more jolly at this time of year from here on out . 
Really hope I get this physiological psych class for Spring . 
Was feeling nervous about my impromptu speech tomorrow , then I remembered that I'm a human and nothing will matter in about 60 years . :) 
Going to go read some magazines and not pay for them , and then head home and get serious with this " applying for jobs " thing . :\ 
Nerd Scrabble ? Yes please ( see new pic-a-tures ) . 
God I hate Starbucks ... even when it's free . 
Why couldn't I be good at math or computers , or you know , something that doesn't require me to lie on every single resume ? " LOVES people and teamwork omg I don't know what I'd do if I were forced to spend a second in solitude !! " 
Anyone who wants to yak about ' sugar pills lol its all about thinking positive ! 11 " needs to try a day without their regular dosage of serotonin . Oh , you don't take a SSRI ? We'll just strip you of your normal levels and see how you fair . 
Cognitive psych notes are already up on moodle ... oh , what do you know , the @#$&ing Stroop test again . 
Got a certificate from Disability Services for 45 hours of community service . Wonder if I can apply this to future convictions . 
I say , hey , I be gone today , but I'll be back around the way . 
Most of this Christmas shopping done ... otherwise today has been a real slap in the face . 
For Christmas I want a ticket to the Insane Clown Posse show on Dec . 12 , and a flamethrower . The items are not related . Please ship the flamethrower to " Rusty Shakleford " . 
" I can sympathize with people's pains , but not with their pleasures . There is something curiously boring about sombody else's happiness . " -- Aldous Huxley 
Should I do Ballet/Pilate Fusion or Yoga before class tomorrow ? This will be in addition to my regular cardio and weights . Help ! 
" We were all on drugs in the 80's . There's no excuse for this now . " - Dad , reacting to the Black Eyed Peas ' halftime performance . 
Oh , these knives man ! 
First day of work is over ! 
They don't sell anything strong enough in the grocery store to put me to sleep . 
Well , school starts tomorrow ... hope the gym is open because I'm heading in early to work out and catch the yoga class ! 
Oh my god this cat is freaking hilarious sliding across the floor ! HAHAHAHA 
I <3 my new sweet kitty ... even if he did attack my hand and leg ... 
Finally watched " The Social Network " . Accuracy aside , I find it amusing the founder of a massive social network is depicted as a schizoid . 
I've come to realize that all I write about is my perceived insanity . I hope I get a pity ' A ' for convincing my English professor I have schizophrenia . 
Oh my god . I'm going to cry . I got the job !!! 
Wishes she wasn't so stupid . 
Got to see Katie Fisher and Emily Duty today . Tired ... 
Class tonight , work in the morning ! So grateful for my new job and my work with Sanskrit ! 
Well GPA , we don't have any defibrillators on hand , so I guess this is good-bye . 
Miss America ! 
I'm never changing this automated voicemail . First I get a heartfelt apology , and now a love confession ? HAHAHAHA THANK YOU WRONG NUMBERS . 
DON'T DRINK & DRIVE AND DON'T RIDE WITH ANYONE WHO DOES ! Tipsy Tow offered by AAA : You don't have to be an AAA member , from 6pm - 6am on New Years Eve/Day they will take your drunk self and your car home for FREE ! Save this number ... 1-800-222-4357 . PLEASE re-post this if you don't mind . Have a Happy & SAFE New Years Everyone ! 
Didn't read the text . Professor reads my forum response aloud as a good example . I wonder what life could be if I tried , or if they educated people in graduate school . 
Interview , Sanskrit , gym , and concert tomorrow night ! So glad to be busy again after the break ! 
What a bunch of lazy pricks . Disability services STILL needs a notetaker for a class that meets ONCE a week . I'd do it , but I took notes last semester . 
TSA : Looks like your ID is expired . Ok security whatever you say . Just renewed it at the beginning of December but whatever . 
" Kitty Pictures " , a community entirely dedicated to cute pictures of cats , was on the front page of livejournal today . My day just got exponentially better :) 
Girl just told me my shoes were ' cute ' . I did not know to respond to this as awkward sexual advance or normal female interaction . Probably should have gone with the latter . 
Can't use this phone ! 
And so begins the worst day of the week ... 
Work til 4 ... 
No classes at UNCC today . 
Conducted interviews ... LIKE A BAWSS 
I hate when people from North Carolina are on reality shows . 
Totally called a troll from a few months ago . A tiny part of me feels joy that I am pursing psychology , and someday I shall be paid beaucoups for such triviality . 
I miss my kitty ! :( Only another month before I can see him again . 
" The years passed , mankind became stupider at a frightening rate . Some had high hopes the genetic engineering would correct this trend in evolution , but sadly the greatest minds and resources where focused on conquering hair loss and prolonging erections . " 
I cannot get over how much I love the song " Wish You Were Here " . I'm not even a Pink Floyd fan and I find it amazing . 
Arachnophobe fail : Tried to get spider off windshield by turning on the wipers . Spider transfers to driver's side door . :( 
