cunt fuck 
Watchin ' Saved By The Bell . Shits Sweet HaHa 
Horrible 
What The Fuck . Again ? 
New Day , Time For Change 
Chillin ' with matty boy wishing megan was here . 
To everyone who came last night , Thanks for showin . Cops came but whatever , shit was fun 
In and out of court in under 3 minutes , is that a record ? 
I just woke up and I feel like today is a good day 
Just got Aggression by Verse . Fucking Beautiful 
This is my war 
Now sink you mother fucker 
Where is all the Vitamin Water ? 
Band practice today equaled badass as shit . You Tampa kids better be ready to shit your pants 
Can’t say that I’m proud of the life I’ve come to know , 
I feel the worst things in my soul and if I never make it home tonight the streets will swallow me whole 
Nate irizarry likes dicks 
I'm holding like a spring loaded demon 
ready to break , a life to take - the choice is yours 
hands not bound but forced I break the backs of gods - the end 
I am the law , adios , bye bye , touch and die 
I'm a Cumanche helicopter 
Trapped Under Ice is coming . Gonna be merkin ' bitches 
Erin is absolutely uhhh-mazing :) 
Sun down , sun up 
I hate court . 
Some late night skating with jacob and dakota 
Pleading ignorance , begging for mercy 
But I lost my way . From the womb to the tomb , guess I went astray . Turned to a life of hate . From birth to the hearse , strive for a life that's worse . 
T.U.I. TILL I DIE ! 
Bored . as fuhhh 
And who else is going to TUI tomorrow ? Fucking stoked out of my mind . 
I can't sleep for shit 
This is so pointless , I'm about to just tell them to send me to a judge . Id take days of straight jail time over all these retarded programs 
Crushing mother fuckers like moths in a mosh pit 
If you act like you are something you're not I'm refusing to hang out with you . This shit is so pathetic to watch and it's embarrassing to associate myself with people like that 
Take a good look at yourself . Do you even know who you are ? Anymore , do you know ? When you look down can you even recognize your own fucking skin ? 
I couldn't say Thanks to all of the individual " Happy Birthdays " so I want to thank everyone who wished me a happy birthday . :) 
It's already 5 , I need to get up and do something 
Woke up in one of the best moods . Now I have to find a way to stay awake haha 
What are you so afraid of ? 
When it’s six thirty in the morning and I can’t open my eyes , this is the only thing that keeps me from wanting to die . 
KIDS LIKE US ! Let the games begin . Today feels lucky 
Merkin ' the drug and alcohol test 
Day started off a little with Brain Bust and Reign Supreme . Today is good 
from the Beretta , putting all the holes in your sweater 
666 Bout ' to go see the new Harry Potter with Erin Fillmon 
Look into my eyes , you'll see who I am 
My name is Lucifer , please take my hand 
Breath in , Breath out 
Watching old videos of me as a freshman at HHS . What the fuck happened ? haha Thanks to Ivan Ferrer's old Youtube account 
Erin <3 
Recording Stay Away's 2011 demo now and hopefully seeing the beautiful Erin Fillmon tomorrow 
New song up on the Stay Away page , check it out . And if you haven't already liked the page , click that fucking like button while you're at it haha 
Fuck the world , don't ask me for shit and everything you get you gotta work hard for it 
Job interview Monday 
Tyler , The Creator wanted to get underneath everyones skin and piss them all off and now he's laughing in ever bitches face with a VMA . Fucking winning 
S.S.D.D. 
" Stashing coke and staying cool , I ain’t no nervous wreck 
I earn respect , burning purple sess during urine tests " 
Damn . I feel like I'm being trolled times 10 . R.I.P. Derek Landes . I can't even believe this shit man . It's been a while since we've hung out but every time you saw me you acted like no time had passed . You were good guy and a good friend . I feel like an asshole because I didn't even wish you a happy fucking birthday . The good die young . COCKTIMUS PRIME LIVES ON ! 
I love my girlfriend and I'm such a cuddly boyfriend . <333 
You can have whatever you are willing to struggle for 
Some Goodie Mob to start off my afternoon , some Erin Fillmon to end it , hopefully haha 
Drove my mom's 68 ' Mustang today . 
How can anyone not like Xavier : Renegade Angel ? It's on for the next week and a half on [ adultswim ] and I can honestly say It's my favorite show . Fuck Yes 
Dont ever tell me I cant have something , cause I am going to get it 
Oh baby , I need an artificial stimulant 
Found The Polly Wog Stew EP from 82 ' by the Beastie Boys on vinyl . I wanna get it so fuckin bad 
I'm a human being God damn it , My Life has value 
LAST DEGENERATES SHOW TONIGHT AT TRANSITIONS !! Last time we're ever playing fuckers . Need any info hit me up 813-325-1701 
It's only after we've lost everything , that we're free to do anything 
stoked on my new inches . I can't believe after a year i'm finally at a good mid-point hahahaha 
someone come fuckin chill . 
Boo fuckin ' Hoo 
Led Zeppelin never fails to impress 
Can't wait to get my bike so when I get bored in the middle of the night I can just go riding 
Phones back on . If you need me call me or text 
LAST DEGENERATES SHOW TOMORROW AT TRANSITIONS ! If you don't come to see me play your no longer my friends haha . Only cause you pussies go to transitions to see faggot metal bands . Be a real badass and watch some real music !!! 
Bitches haha 
So fuckin ' BORED ! 
GED is so fuckin ' boring . 5 hours a day in the same spot . Only another 200 or so hours to go hahaha 
Way too much effort . I'm a fuckin Apathetic piece of shit 
Just learned Beach Song by The Dead Milkmen on bass , What a fun song haha 
La Dispute , good way to start things 
sometimes bitches will just always be bitches 
Bout ' to start Chamberlain Night school 
The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom 
I guess I've learned the taste of days that will always burn . 
I guess I've learned if it’s in the corner of my eye I can't always turn . 
No doubt about it , Cant live without it ; ALCOHOL 
Danzig is a fuckin beast haha 
I think she hates me deep down , I know she does , She wants to erase me hmmmmmm 
Gray Matter , The Adolescents , Dag Nasty , & The Descendents . Four of the greatest bands ever to wander the fuckin earth 
Way too many good memories from last night . Thanks everyone who showed up and supported us . That was one crazy trip man haha 
On The Edge My Nigga 
Can anyone pick me up or come chill . I'm bored as fuck and need to do something 
So my dog just died in my arms 
Not in a good mood . 
I am a walking screaming hell , A thing of torture to behold 
megan <3 
“You can’t do this , you can’t do that” Yo , fuckin’ who said so ? I do what I like 
I was listening to some classical music and realized my mom used to play Mozart and Beethoven when I went to sleep as a kid 
It never ends . Never will . Same shit different day . 
Another day 
I am your main man if your lookin for trouble , I'll take no lip , No ones tougher than me 
To anyone wondering , Phones off again . just hit me up on here 
Woke to my magnificent Snow Tip growing perfect . 
Well if you give me ten bitches then I'll fuck all ten See my homey Snoop Dogg sippin juice and gin 
Get out the wayy , Pretty boy comin ' thru , Me and my crew we swaggin in the room 
Datsik fuckin ' rules man 
I love how on my personality test my biggest things are : Conflict Seeking , Need To Dominate , Sexuality , Hedonistic , Self Image , and Independence . I'm an Asshole haha 
The deal of a lifetime 
Not of this world , and nothing bites like I do , Nothing screams out loud in this empty night , Nothing can keep me from you 
I just want anything I ever feel for you or about you to just leave my mind so you become nothing to me 
do you know where your child is ? 
Chillin ' 
Fun Night 
Imma be livin ' that good life 
Its better to burn out then to fade away 
Heated Pools & Yellow Tops 
Why doesn't anyone fight back on youtube anymore . This shit is supposed to be fun but instead I talk shit and no one responds , pussies haha 
Fuck It 
Fail 
Has anyone seen the new South Park episode about Facebook . Fuckin ' hilarious and so true 
My chick bad , better than yours , My chick do stuff that I can't even put in words 
I might just move out early 
Good night with my Babydoll 
im on my way to catalina 
Otis Redding you bastard sing it . Cause I guarantee you'll be the only person there when I die 
Otis , you sing Pain In My Heart like your inside me or something . You son of a bitch hahaha 
love them pp's 
going to Hillsborough soon to see my niggas 
I fuckin HATE being hung up on 
Tonight should be pretty good . 
Ladies and gentleman this is life . 
No kisses , No sweat 
Who's gonna come see me and make this birthday a good one ? 
Not gonna lie , I really wanted to see you tonight 
Ladies love me , girls adore me 
Fuck Bitches . 
" I stopped caring long before you started to cry . " Descendents rule 
You kill me with your words 
Just used some hacking codes to break into my computer . Thought I lost everything but of course I mutha fuckin ' Beasted that shit haha 
Today Sucks 
We are Americas Unsightly Disease , Can't walk because the people left me down on my knees 
G Status 
When do you know if you've truly hit rock bottom ? 
Maybe if I try just a little more , I can take myself from this dirty floor . 
Just put my language on Facebook as English(pirate ) and I'm pretty sure I'm keeping it this way 
The original 1968 Night Of The Living Dead is playing on Scifi . Oh what a good night 
Didn't wake up in the best of moods 
tone your tone down 
Season Finale of Children's Hospital . Yes 
Down with O.P.P. 
Can't you act and be yourself 
Not another character in a hardcore handbook 
Well , we don't need anymore great american heroes 
But real people being themselves , not wierdos 
Some people have some fuckin ' nerve 
Thanksgiving in St. Pete . 
Tell me when you hear my heart stop 
I love how everyone on Youtube calls me an internet bully when in reality I'm just owning these mutha fuckahs with my words and they mad 
I fuckin hate being bummed 
Back to this again 
I look you dead in the eye and I spit , tell you to your face punk you ain't shit 
Now I feel a little better about throwin ' gas on your dad but you know it's hard to quit and besides he started it 
But niggas like myself kick back and peep game cause ' damn it feels good to be a gangsta 
My arms feel tight as fuck , good day working out 
Had an awesome time with my dad . Hope he has a safe trip back 
Filthy Lucre ain't nothin new , We all get Cash from Chaos 
Who's ready to party ? 
You down with O.P.P. Yeah you know me 
The Strangers is on so I decided to mute it and play Beethovens Moonlight Sonata and it's way too eerie and intense 
Danzig-God . Is there a difference ? 
Here's to the rubble , a brick through every window , a casket buried six feet deep for everybody's hero . Here's to our lives being meaningless , and how beautiful it is because freedom doesn't have a purpose ! 
Chillin ' Like Villains 
Going to court in an hour . 
Alpha Male , the time is coming 
It never stops , but this time im actually enjoying it haha 
OHN 
Evolution is a process 
too slow to save my soul , I've got this creature on my back and it just wont let go 
" You can kill the ego , you can kill the pride , you can kill the want , the desire of a human being . You can lock him in a cell and you can knock his teeth out and smash his brain , but you cannot kill the soul . " 
Bleedin ' Out with a gash in his throat , Look out son Poppas comin ' home 
Get busy dying or get Kraken 
Swayze Swag 
Is it me or is Reggie Watts a fucking genius ? 
The new episodes of It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia and The League were fuckin ' hilarious 
I hate facebook cause its always glitching and deleting my shit . haha at least its not myspace 
Bullshit 
SICK as fuck niggas . Sory if its hard to get in touch with me . Spend most of my days sleeping haha 
TONIGHT !!! TRANSITIONS !!!! $5 !!!!! 7 P.M. !!!!!!! LETS GET WASTED AND FUCKIN PARTY 
Nothing to do tonight 
I just want to settle the fuck down and live my life from this point on 
When people try to start shit with me , I can honestly say " Come at me bro " is funniest thing to say 
And I remember the way that you dressed and 
how we wasted all the best of us in alcohol and sweat 
Listening to Kid Like Us . Shit gets heavy haha . Wacky Frisbee Mutha Fuckahs 
Say , " Fate my friend , You say the strangest things I find , sometimes " 
I hate seeing some one who acts like a little bitch and a pussy all the time try to act like a hard ass when he talks to people . Dont bitch and complain and then post on your facebook all the shit you said and did cause your so fuckin cool . Fuck off fag 
Just realized Sid from Toy Story 1 had a Zero shirt on . Hell yeah 
. Streetwise . 
just took out my plugs . Now I'm downsizing to shit . No more gauges . What a shame 
Watching " I'm Alive " and they are showing the craziest fucking Chimpanzee story . Good shit 
Win like a man , Lose like a man 
Dumb bitches 
Your a bitch , plain and simple . Your letting that bulldog mouth overload that puppy dog ass . Speak up or stay in your place 
How are none of the people that see Bigfoot hunters ? Who goes deep into the woods with a video camera but not a gun . 
No , I ain't wastin ' no more time 
Well aren't you feeling real dirty sitting in your car with nothing 
Yeah your eyes could steal a sailor from the sea 
Why doesn't anyone know the difference between Leon Botha and Tsim Fuckis ? Tsim Fuckis is a fag and Leon Botha is an amazing DJ 
I don't see why bullying and cyber-bullying are such big deals now a days . Why are there commercials and organizations for this shit . I understand it's wrong but back in the day if you were being bullied you parents told you to defend yourself . If you can't fight back your obviously not long for this world anyway . 
I want to get The Kybalion : Hermetic Philosophy so fuckin bad 
Hahaha apparently after all the smoking bans , drunk driving has gone up 23% . 
Forrest Gump is on , Fuck yeah 
School for scoundrels is a good movie 
And the world juts kept a-creeping , yeah the world just kept a-creeping 
I just owned in Splinter Cell Conviction . Shot a terrorist right as he was throwing a Frag Grenade and he blew up his entire group . Fuckin ' killin haha 
I see certain people and just want to rip their throats out 
Got my bike today , put it together , and now I'm ready to ride it 
In The League why does everyone hate Rafi ? I'd love to party with that guy 
My dog is a killer . Grabbed a chicken today and ripped it's guts out . Fuckin ' insane 
Dont wear fuckin purple . People kill themselves everyday , why should I honor someone who died just because they were gay and leave out everyone else . Bullshit 
I feel like destroying something beautiful 
I am obsessed with Streetwise . Best documentary 
Jackass 3D was fuckin ' hilarious 
Enjoying The Merrill Howard Kalin Show 
Ize Of The World rules . The notes in the second verse seemed a little difficult and I was surprised Julian Casablancas hit them . Sucks that when he plays live he can't get his voice to that point again . Either way great vocalist 
All the pieces feel like their falling back together 
My night has been filled with stories about ghosts , aliens , and then lots of videos of retards 
I'm through with illusions just delusions for now , I've took a step to the edge but I've been walking for miles , It was a very temporary waste of time , Is there really sucha thing as a waste of time ? 
I bring death to a snake when he least expect 
Ain't a damn thing changed , boy , Protect Ya Neck 
There's no use saying that my cities burning 
In the place where I live only leaves are burning 
No use talking about the man in the street 
In the place where I live we don’t feel his heat 
I'm probably gonna quote Jackass on twitter all night . Heads up 
Encyclopedia Dramatica is the funniest fuckin website ever . It makes me realize why I am in love with the internet 
Beat ' em or Burn ' em , they go up pretty easy 
FAIL !!!!!! Totally forgot Jackass was on , fuck 
Why do I waste my time hanging out with you fake fucks ? 
Another dead morning 
For some reason I just now got really down on myself . 
Decided to stretch my ears again . Shaved heads don't look cool with out big plugs 
Class A Pirate 
If your not on wikipedia your not a celebrity 
After 5 minutes of silence me and dakota spoke at the same time and we both said " What the fuck you thinkin ' nigga ? " At the exact same fucking time haha 
She said " Lord , have mercy on my wicked son . " 
My girl , my girl , tell me why you look so sad 
Has the sun finally set on us ? 
So fucking stoked , Just got the entire Flat Out Discography . 
Who wants to break into Splendid China with me ? 
The new episode of South Park totally just copied a scene from A Clockwork Orange . It was beautiful 
The Little Rascals came on . Good Morning 
So someone totally put a white rabbit in my chicken coop . Don't even know where it came from , and my first thought was Jefferson Airplane 
And all good things must come to an end 
Can't turn a ho into a housewife 
Some things are better left unsaid 
What's better than drunk girls fighting and being sluts for my viewing pleasure ? nothing . Bad Girls Club Marathon nigga 
Phones back on , lost all my numbers . So give me your numbers niggas . 813 325 1701 , forgot to add mine 
I'd rather die on my feet than live on my knees , I'd rather die on my feet so you can watch me , you can watch me , watch me rise 
Bout ' to go on a bike ride downtown 
Cold weather , Fuck yeah 
Mind so sharp I fucked around and cut my head off 
Been listening to Rohnert Park all morning , I think it's Swamp Thing time now 
From the start of the day to the end of the race , we thought we had this all figured out without a moment to waste 
At the Bro Bowl , come out and skate 
Shake off the dirt 
Swallow regret 
Its not fun unless its loud and fast 
