feels used . 
what's on my mind , facebook asks ? hmmm i wonder ... =/ bought two new bras today though they are yummy . 
I feel like shit . He doesnt really care i suppose . And i need a big ass fucking hug to stop me from crying . :( 
If i was to disappear , would anyone disappear with me ? 
I DONT ENJOY FUCKING STALKER TACTICS , FUCK . OFF . 
nervous as fuckkk 
argggh last night SUCKED BALLS . 
I miss him :( 
is a fucking waste of space . 
i just want to be happy ... :( 
I miss you , miss you so bad , i don't forget you , oh it's so sad ... 
Alice Taper's vagina is so big that if she sat on a barstool she'd just slide down it 
love hurts . 
Wow this sucks already :( i miss you . 
Call 911 i'm already dead but someone should be caught and held responsible for this bloody mess . 
hmm whatever . 
is hoping this time it will be better . 
lost inside , broken inside . 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRGHHHHHHHHH 
god dang i feel like shite today !! 
You and I are lost can't save this , world if we could see the truth through the lies But you and I will never be the same Again 
somebody talk to mee 
i'm fucking fed up of this . 
really down , so much shit , and i need someone i can trust . :( 
i suppose what's meant to be will be ... 
There's so much fucking heartbreak in this world . 
oh it just gets worse 
Being with you , is so dysfunctional , i really shouldn't miss you , but i can't let you go ... 
i miss him ... 
If I could I would shrink myself and sink through your skin to your blood cells and remove whatever makes you hurt but I am too weak to be your cure . ( Brand New ) 
Cos tonight will be the night that i will fall for you , over again , don't make me change my mind 
just woke up ... bleh to the world 
Take me , take me back to your bed , i love you so much that it hurts my head , i dont mind you under my skin , i'll let the bad parts in , the bad parts in 
had an awesome night last night 
:( 
Been awake for 29 hours now ... I miss you . :( <3 
fuck your shit . 
It's not supposed to be like this :( 
i'm a fucking waste of space . 
Off to Wales tomorrow morning ... text me until i can find an Internet Cafe ! 
Back in the UK . :( I miss you . 
Don't know where she belongs , where she belongs ... // love hurts . 
So breathe in so deep , breathe me in , i'm yours to keep 
Love is such a difficult emotion to experience . ( i miss you ) . 
I really dont understand boys . 
All our hopes and dreams shattering with age . 
i wish that heavy feeling in my chest would go away . 
i had to go , it was all getting too much for me . 
So who's going to fringe tonight ? :) 
If you fight for me , then i'll fight for you 
mhmmm so like you give a fuck -_- 
Just got perved on by a bunch of chavvy 14 year olds yelling " dayyyym her ass is fiiiine ! " . Not cool . 
You're not fooling anyone , except yourself . 
GEORGE IS BACK :D 
don't even ask . 
Well , i am uncaught , and still swimming alone in this lake , shimmering under a moon made in anger and angst , swimming out of reach like a penny in a subway grid 
GEORGE WILL BE HERE ANY MINUTE IM SO EXCITED TO SEE HIM -it's been five weeeeeks ! 
Shaving cream fights ... 
Find your way into my arms .. 
I DONT WANT TO BE FUCKING ILL ANYMORE . It's making me so depressed :( 
is fucking ill as hell . Thought i was dying last night . 
I just cut myself shaving where i really didnt want to cut myself . 
mhmmm so like you give a fuck -_- 
I was born , to tell you i love you , and i am torn , to do what i have to , to make you mine , stay with me tonight . 
i dunno what to do 
It's Faith's last night out tonight , so let's make it amazing for her :D 
Feels a bit queasy ... :( 
Really stressed out , please may i have a hug ? 
power nap time ? 
Up at 7.30 am , induction day at college doing fuck all , waiting in the cold for a late bus , a bank account that has gone wrong , and a ridiculous shouting father who acts as if he thinks i'm a waste of a person and wishes i wasn't born . And he wonders why i never talk to him . 
I suppose what's meant to be will be 
My parents said my chest infection would get alot worse if i went out drinking last night ... i woke up this morning feeling alot better , and i drank over half a litre of vodka last night :) 
Someone come make me tea and give me a hug <3 im too ill . Text me , 07843754624 
In Brizzle with Alice and George :) 
I really want to cuddle and chill 
Needs a hug :( This illness is killing me :( 
I swear it’s like trying to catch a ghost , Like I’m dying to hold smoke . 
Shpongle time and some fags and chillll 
My chest hurts :( i have a stupid ass cold . 
A quiet few drinks with George tonight ? yes please :) 
OH MY GOD my boobs seems to have grown :O MIRACLE ! 
Going to Bristol with Jess Cain and Luke Meredith to see Alice Taper and George Taper toniiight :D 
And everywhere i go it's always pouring all the same 
You don't know me , and you don't even care , oh yeah . 
Can't eat or sleep . Haven't got the will to do anything . Cant be fucked with life . Everything is shit . 
Pandorum was fucking scaryyyy ! 
If you just realize what I just realized , then we'd be perfect for each other , and will never find another , just realized what I just realized , we'd never have to wonder if we missed out on each other now . 
pissed off and stressed out , and ill . BRILLIANT . On the upperhand , I love Dani and cant wait for tea , fags , and chat time :) Dani Dangerfield 
nervous . Someone hang out with me tonight or i'm going to drive myself crazy . 
Do you ? 
Got some new shoes and a top from Cheltenham (: Got the top i wanted aaages ago , and it had been reduced from £40 , to £10 :D 
Who wants to do something tonight ? I'm gonna be awake late 
i can't believe you gave up so easily on us . 
Alot on my mind ... 
Another day at college .... i'm actually quite liking having something to do with my life :) 
Mhmmm money has mysteriously disappeared from my bank . Fucking grrrreat . 
So mentally exhausted and drained . Too many things on my mind . Want to lie down and sleep for a longggg time . 
Text me i'm bored and feel down ... 07843754624 
Oh wow . Fucked uppppp . Had a lovely night in Cheltenham last night . Thankyou Lara Crook , Lucy Black , and Rosie Clarke plus all the others that made my night awesome :) 
You are the fire , on the my apartment floor . 
I think it's all going to be ok :) 
So ... do you really ? 
I'm not sure how to say this , so i'm not going to say it at all . 
Yayyy Andy David Young and Dan Robertson and if he actually comes , Chris Dyer to the rescueeeee :) 
i hate clone stamping . 
Has decided that thinking like a man will make me happier 
what the fuck is the difference betwen the live feed and the news feed ?? 
Had 2 hours sleep last night . But still off to see Saw 6 :D yeah boyyy ! 
Quote of the day : " Yeah i like a bit of poo , put my hands in it , and just rub my face in it ! " Wow , Faith Laura Olivia Baker . 
wishes her chest would stop hurting . 
Scotty doesn't know . 
Chillaxxxx ... 
Someone come see me or pick me up please ? I've had a real down day , and need some company . 
You are the fire , on my apartment floor 
Dramatic fucking night in Cheltenham . SO hungover . Was awake till 8am , Cirencester College absence line got a call from me this morning . 
Egg freid rice then apple crumble and cream ... ohhh yeahhh :) 
wants some sex , 
OMG I HATE YOU FAITH , the last status was NOT BY ME 
You want nothing to do with me , baby is this love for real ? Hold me in your arms to feel , the beating of your heart baby , the beating of your heart baby 
Why do you do this to me ? Why do you do this so easily ? You make it hard to smile because you make it hard to breathe , why do you do this to me ? 
Not interested in life or doing anything anymore . If anyone's got anything to numb the pain , let me know . 
This world is pretty damn fucked up to be fair . 
i really cant take anymore crap . 
:( don't feel so good 
" Putting up walls around what was once innocent " song lyrics i just heard ... relevant ? =/ 
Quote of the day : " Don't believe what they say ! " " Like what ? " " You'll get home safely ... " Jamie Lyle 
OMG i fucking HATE college work , especially when all the files i need to fucking open , wont open on my fucking computer ! 
mhmmm Cheltenham this afternoon to find some new shoooes :) 
George Taper has abandoned me to go get some tv stand from Stroud ... so i'm BORED till he gets back . But then it's GO RENT A MOVIE TIME ( Y ) 
Feels so empty to know you're not around ... 
I'm so stressed it's making me ill :( 
Too many deadlines in too short a time !! 
Just stand up and scream . 
Maybe some chicken and sweetcorn sandwiches could cheer me up . 
Going to see Pandorum with Sam tonight :) 
Enough of the rumours , please . Ask me to my face if you want the answer . 
Mousi moussi geesi goosi :D Dani Dangerfield 
Photography deadline met ( Y ) 
Tired , but i think i should go have a couple of drinks ( y ) 
I miss you a lot today . 
i really dont understand :( 
Just getting up for the let down 
Beautiful freak , beautiful freak , that is why i love youuu 
HUNGYYYYY ! 
McLovinn Ruuules :P Superbadddd ! 
Ok . That's enough now . 
CAN'T STOP EATING ! >:( 
i'm still lovin ' you , like it was the first time 
Worried about why i get stomach pains when i drink alcohol . 
So easily forgotten ... 
fml 
Falling asleep at college ... 
If George Taper fucked a mouse , it wouldnt even notice . 
Just had her first ever JOB INTERVEW ( Y ) 
Quote of the day : " If i got raped i know you'd be there for me , that's why i love you " - Lucy Black 
There's no way i can compete with that . 
R . I . P Adam Philby . My heart's with all those who loved him . 
Euurgh emotions always complicate things ! 
Starting work today ( y ) 
Well , i cant remember last night . I tried to give the bouncer my bus pass as ID . Good times . 
Absolutely knackered ! Off to bed me thinks x 
That's how we fucking roll ( y ) 
life is hard , and so am I , you better give me something , so I don't die . Novacaine , for the soul , before i sputter out 
Can something please be simple for once ? 
Really don't feel good . People really are turning into dicks . No one seems to care about anyone else anymore . 
I wish everything would magically go right and be brilliant 
Where'd you come from , you're out of this world , to me . 
Regardless of our heavy hearts , we'll carry on , we'll carry on 
Me and Lucy Black are gonna sleep for 5 months ( Y ) Catch you guys inabit ;) 
oh my fucking god . 
Thank you so much to everyone whose been there for me recently , especially Lucy Black , Chris Dyer , Riky Butcher , Dani Dangerfield , and George Taper 
Has a bad feeling ... 
is devastated . 
How ridiculous to be living on love . 
You treat me just like , another stranger 
Keep holding on . 
it's like i'm walking around with a hole in my chest . 
FUCKING PHOTOSHOP WONT WORK AND LET ME UPLOAD PHOTOS OF Lucy Black ARGGHHHH 
After saying i'm " so so tired " i'm still going out . Why do i always push my body to its limits ? ha . 
I want your love , i don't wanna be friends . 
Whose up for propaganda thursday ? 
Just got out of bed . 
Alice Taper eats her own bogeys . 
So so tired ... 
Really enjoyed those chicken and sweetcorn sandwiches YES MATE ! 
You and me could write a bad romance 
well this is still shit . 
Fed up of being fucked over , is there anyone who is trustworthy these days ? 
All i want for Christmas is you ... 
My lesson got cancelled , day off college ( y ) 
Baby , I need you . 
well this is shit . 
i felt like such a nob for doing this but it's actually awesome , my circles were pink ! The facebook tricks : Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , Enter key then Right Click Then press Up & Down & Magic circles will appear ! The only way to stop it is to log off or reload the page ... IT WILL WORK ! Put this as your status is IF IT WORKED FOR YOU ! not gonna lie .... it worked :/ 
So who is going out to Stroud on Saturday ?? Is anything happening ? 
=/ what to do , what to do 
Please ... 
I hate feeling fucking unwanted by people . It's the worst pile of shit ever . :'( 
Those three words , that saved my life ( 8 ) 
Pizza , doritos , dairy milk giant buttons , and coke and vodka , munchhh outtt 
Rice crispie time :) 
Mmmm watcha say , mmm that you only meant well , well of course you did , mmmm whatcha say , mmm that it's all for the best , of course it is 
INGENIOUS ! 
i finally have a job !!!! ( Y ) 
Michael Buble - Haven't Met You Yet :) 
Just spent £140 shopping in Gloucester with Dan Mustoe , and I GOT AN ELMO TOP :D 
And still havent seen Avatar :( 
I want you to notice , when i'm not around ( 8 ) 
I am not here to be treated like i dont exist or dont matter . If you don't care about me , let me know , and i'll cross you off my mental list of people i give a shit about . 
Thank you <3 
Take me out of my body 
SOMEBODY COME SEE ME ! I need to eat pizza and have a chat x 
feels like there's no one to trust anymore . 
" Time to turn lesbian " , " Good thinking batman " <3 Lucy Black 
Off to Andy's house partyyyyyy , new yearssss bitchhh :) 
" One may have a blazing heart in one's soul , and yet no one ever comes to sit by it . " 
Wonderful snowww that keeps college shut :) 
Suppose that i missed you , suppose that i cared . 
Worked till 4.15 am this morning . WTF . 
Life is hard , and so am i , you'd better give me something , so i don't die 
I hate college . 
I'm just a dreamer , you are just a dream 
my eyes are screaming for the sight of you 
I swear that you don't have to go , I thought we could wait for the fireworks , I thought we could wait for the snow 
Setting myself up for another fall ? 
We should not make it feel like a world of hurt 
When we collide we come together , If we don't we'll always be apart , I'll take a bruise i know you're worth it , When you hit me , hit me hard 
And again , Sarah Young's epic fail at life . ( y ) 
Alright , truce <3 
Well this is a lonely day ... 
This is BULLSHIT . 
You're not playing by the rules . 
So tired . 
This tea-total thing sucks balls . 
i'm not your toy 
You don't like me , you just want the attention 
If you got something to say just say it , if you want my body come get it 
Saw Avatar . OH . MY . GOD . Fucking amazing . 
Just a dream . 
Time to sort some shit out . 
Why do i have no new posts from other people on the home page , like status comments and stuff ? 
met Sid , Cook , and Tony last night from Skins :D and saw Thomas :) 
Tomorrow i will not be attending college , i will be sorting my life out . 
Well that was a dick move . 
had an ace weekend :D , movies , shopping , bowling , Bella Italia , and a Skins party :D 
And i know that we can be so amazing <3 
is happy :) 
3 hours sleep . 
<3 
feeling cheerful :) 
Getting my emotions out doing photography :D 
Listen to this if you wanna chill out - Star Shpongled Banner by Shpongle , ohhh yeahhh 
Cause the spaces between my fingers are right where yours fit perfectly . 
" You can't stereotype people just because they are orange " George Taper 
Dont Tink Im Jokin Ah Its Wat Im Smokin , I Tell Yuh Mi Frend It I Sew It An It Catch Up Like A Tokin ( Y ) 
Feel me breathe from the inside out 
feels lonely today . 
I think i just fell in love with Cook from Skins . 
Pub toniiiight :) then maybe J13 . 
The stars lean down to kiss you , and I lie awake and miss you , pour me a heavy dose of atmosphere . 
Amazing night at Dakota seeing Sub Focus with Kris Watkins , Lucy Black , Rosie Clarke , Ethan Hopkins , Dexter Stevens , and Beth O'reilly :D 
i hate being ill . 
Cause I was born to tell you I love you and I am torn to do what I have to , to make you mine Stay with me tonight 
oh baby , baby , it's a wild world 
because my dreams are bursting at the seams ... 
questioning ... and feeling sick . Again . :( 
Feeling alot better today :D 
wayyy behind on this fucking photography personal study . hate it . cant be assed . 
" It looks like a plucked turkey !! " 
In an arty mood ( y ) 
Learning to walk in 5 inch heels . Oh dear god . :p 
i actually feel like i'm dying . lush times . 
Not sure why i was in a casino in Cardiff last night till the early hours of the morning with Toby Barrett , Ben Poole , and Ben Sanger-davies , but i have to admit it was a pretty funny night ( Y ) 
Apparently there's been a murder in stroud ... glad i decided not to walk home tonight 
Ransom notes keep falling out your mouth , mid-sweet talk , newspaper word cut outs , speak no feeling , no I don't believe you , you don't care a bit 
Annnnd George Taper is late again , what a suprise :p 
Friday night was fucking amazing :D Ruskoooo ( Y ) 
And because it wouldnt let me tag everyone in one status ... Amazing night at Dakota seeing Sub Focus with the guys in the previous status and Alex O'Hare , Trin Justin Bobby Dennett , Abbie Neely , Johanna Stansbie , and Candy Williams ( and her boo ) :D 
Oh darling , i wish you were here . 
got a letter from Toby :D 
Got work till 6pm-2am D: 
I'm happier being asleep at the moment cos I'm dreaming about you every night and that's the only way i can see you right now . How crap is that . blah . 
Propaganda tonight ( y ) 
Tobyyyy is back today !!!!!!!!!!! :D 
When i see you , i run out of words , to say . 
A voice crying loud , it's been crying for days now . 
It's not meant to be like this , not what I planned at all , I don't want to feel like this , yeah 
Is there any way i could think with my mind for once instead of my heart ??? It might actually get me somewhere . 
Fuck you to those who put up the major parts of Skins as their status ... well done , you just ruined it for me and whoever else didnt get to see it last night . 
Dancing under the Christmas lights , the sun in my eyes shines so bright , and you , my love , just need to smile , and hold your breath just for a while 
I feel a FML situation coming on . 
i wanted out so bad but i couldnt just walk away with nothing ( 8 ) 
Oh my , did the sun just come out ? :) 
When did people start treating each other so badly ?! Everywhere i look people are treating each other like crap . Come on kids , show some respect . 
i baked a cake :D and gave it blue butter icing :) 
DUDE when i get a message on myspace , i dont expect a photo of some random guy's COCK to be attached to it ! WTF MAN ! 
I think these iron tablets are working ... it's 10.30 am and i cant sleep anymore ... usually if given the chance i cant get up before 3pm !! Yay for iron ( y ) . 
The low where you sink inside yourself and don't even feel the tears . The low where you feel like your heart is made of lead and your energy disappears . 
Here's the day you hoped would never come , don't feed me violins just run , with me through rows of speeding cars . 
The papercuts , the cheating lovers , the coffee's never strong enough , i know you think it's more than just bad luck . 
Anxious . 
You just disappear with the hazy vision you gave me and i'll be fine like i always am without anything to grasp on to and nothing to keep special . 
Stay the fuck away from me . 
Having a pretty damn good week so far :) 
Toby's out tomorrrrow !!!!!!!! :D :D <3 
You'd better watch out , cos karma's gonna get you . 
Wtf ... Skins OTT much ??? 
I cant stop eating ... and nor can Lucy Black ... soon we will be too large to get out of bed and no one will love us but each other ... so we will lie in bed and spoon feed each other ... :) 
Skanking by myself ... WUBWUBWUB <3 
It may be common , but it's NOT nice . ( Y ) Lucy Black 
Jealousy is a bitch . 
Some Christian kid at college tried to save my soul from eternal damnation yesterday . He failed . 
over-thinking 
Time for some humus on toast . 
well that's really fucking weird ... 
is furious . 
SHITMAN . 
Sat in my pjs drinking Disaronno <3 Aim to be in the pub by half 9 ( Y ) 
me and Dan Mustoe just had the most terrifying night of our lives ... 
Hungover . Again . 
In Wales with the fam . Only room with signal is my brothers . Bored already . Fml . 
From one extreme to another 
I <3 Vodka . 
FML in every direction . =/ 
Cuddles <3 
I'm so bored I might just put my head in the oven for fun . 
Fuck . This . 
I wish i could feel it all for you , i wish i could be it all for you 
And I'm trying to catch a breath through the air of death , can't see the sun for the clouds , those dirty clouds . 
Tropic Thunder tonight . 
I need new clothes , a new look , and a new life . 
The King's Speech with Isaac Evans tonight (: 
has a sweaty bum !!!!! 
SKINS THURS :O 
Birthday next Saturday ... wtf should i do ??! 
STILL hungover . 
hasn't even had ONE cigarette today yet :) 
Hold out for the ones you know will love you , hide out from the ones you know will love you <3 
Oh well , you know what . Fuck it for Chris ! 
why can't things just be simple for once !!! 
mmmm cornflakes (: 
Literally lay in bed all day yesterday , got up only to walk to the shop and get bread whilst Isaac made beans and egg . Definitely a win over college . 
Fucksakes . 
Let's get fuckkked up tonight (: 
Skins series 1 and 2 made me want to get really drunk and party naked . Series 3 and especially 4 made me want to hang myself . Wtf . 
My mp3 hates me . 
;) 
I dont want to talk about this anymore , i want to look at porn . 
Text me (: Hot chocolate is calling ... 
Knackered . 
You've got some growing up to do . 
Time for a stroll down to the shops to get some chocolate . 
How can what is so clearly wrong feel so right ? =/ 
Sleepy time . 
I actually cant live in this shitting fucking house anymore I HAVE A GODDAMN SCHIZOPHRENIC MOTHER I SWEAR ! Get me out of here ? 
Pretty good night last night , good company (: 
can't remember last night . 
TITS UP 
Why do i do this to myself . 
It doesnt matter anymore . 
Fuck . 
Thank you , head , for those horrific nightmares last night . -___- 
i'm searching for the words inside my head 
Soup for tea :D 
I hate early mornings . 
Whywhywhy do i have a shit time EVERY TIME I go to Whorehouse ?! FML . 
We connect like a jigsaw puzzle that fits perfectly together , but makes such a sorrowful image 
104 people online :O 
Awesome meal with Lauren Clare Mason , Jess Cain , Sia Holmes , Rosie Clarke , etc ( I dont have the " etc " on facebook :P ) 
The male race has yet again disappointed me . 
Arfggfhhhh drama drama drama . 
Retail therapy <3 
I have impressive bruises from Thursday night , including a lump on my forehead , which hurts when i make facial expressions . Awesome . 
I'm like , busy . Walking the goldfish . Hoovering my ceiling . Having a wank . Whatever . K ? 
Fuck this shit , i'm going to the pub . 
How can i decide what's right , when you're clouding up my mind 
:/ 
I told myself i wasn't going to get drunk last night . Half a litre of vodka later ... 
Still hanging ... 
There's something that screams this seems so unfair 
I swear that you don't have to go . 
I fucking hate that Enrique Inglasias song . 
MEOW MEOW 
Maybe some nachos . 
I am your whore , without a name , I climb to fall , to begin again 
Don't you love it when you hear stuff about yourself that you didnt even know ? Like that you've slept with someone a week ago that you havent even seen for 6 months ? Or that you have herpes that was caught from a guy that had sex with a girl that had it who doesnt even exist ? GOOD TIMES . I <3 rumours . 
It's my birthddday so bring on the tea party and then town ( Y ) 
Can i have my sanity back now please ? 
I've only been up an hour and i'm bored already .... what can i do today ? 
Where did everyones respect for each other go ? 
Time to go see my mother hen . 
I am not your bitch . 
Boys and girls , it is time to get messy . 
Aw man . 
just woke up . 
So whose up for Fringe tomorrow eve ? 
It's time for an indian !! 
Off to get my results :O 
Someone come look after me and my chillblains :( 
Time for some PIZZA . 
" No Jessie , Barry is NOT alright ! " lol , Lucy Black , Jess Matthewbellamy Hawes , Lara Crook 
I'm a space-bound rocketship and your heart's the moon , 
and I'm aiming right at you , 
right at you . 
This incessant cough is going to kill me i swear . 
On the vodka tonight ;) ( Y ) 
Spaghetti hoops on toast and 500 Days of Summer <3 ( Y ) 
Why are people in Stroud so fucking weird ... 
Fuck this i'm going clubbing . 
Tell me something sweet to get me by <3 
So if you wanna be with me 
With these things there's no telling 
We'll just have to wait and see 
But I'd rather be working for a paycheck 
Than waiting to win the lottery 
Besides maybe this time it's different 
I mean I really think you like me ...? 
My mother is trying to ban me from the internet because of my formspring . Love it . 
Glass of Disaronno <3 
103.6 - i dont really know you anymore . 
The Lovely Bones , epiccc film <3 
is a hypocrit . Goodnight world <3 
Off to the pub . 
69 - Aww well , you are kinda sweet , in that disturbing way cos i still have that image of you ... well , several images of you that we were talking about at lunch once ... fml i thought id got over that but obviously not :P I'm DISTURBED FOR LIFE . 
Had my first day at work ! (: 
If you were a wink , I'd be a nod 
If you were a seed , well I'd be a pod . 
If you were the floor , I'd wanna be the rug 
And if you were a kiss , I know I'd be a hug 
Off to le pub <3 
Tickets to London booked :D 
Time to get my skank on ( y ) 
I do exist . 
watching some Mighty Boosh ( Y ) 
Well yesterday turned out to be pretty damn good ... and interesting . Ha . 
Time to watch The Hangover (: 
No , i don't want to suck your cock . Ok ?! 
SHARING GENITALS ! 
Can't see the end of this or who survives , it's just another case of do or die . 
Sunshine <3 
Beautiful day better still be sunny when I get off work (: 
Sposed to be going to the pub , but still sat in my pjs unsure of what to do ha 
I just need to know the truth , about why , I'm wanting you 
Shed light , on your better side . 
" How do we wip people up into a frenzy ? " ... " Marshmellows ! " 
Annnd back to Cheltenham again ( Y ) 
Time for some spaghetti hoops on toast . YEAH . 
I CANT STOP EATING ! 
Rosie Clarke is back tonight :D Lordy here we come :) 
This is England ' 86 <3 
You're as sharp as a knife and you fit like a glove , that is no way to live that is no way to love . 
Cheeky ;) 
Off to the good old lordy <3 
My mum's such an amazing fraper , she put " ummmmm ... " as my status . Witty . 
Oh FML , really ?! 
I found someone with the exact same name as me on facebook ... weird . 
I've been waiting for the day when someone takes me away and i never get replaced . 
Had another fun photoshoot with Lucy Black (: <3 
Never going to be the only one . 
I just don't fucking know . 
3 pairs of new shoes <3 
Time to go and watch Tron . 
Today , i look like a tramp . 
Is Nick Watts bitch ... :) 
Oh , you fucking retard ! 
GODAMNIT . 
Time for a cuppa tea , some biscuits , a good book , and then bed <3 
So now my phone AND my mp3 don't work properly . Fucking fantastic . 
I <3 you bed . 
I FUCKING HATE FACEBOOK CHAT . 
JUST CRAVING CRACK AND COCK FML ! 
You freak , you creep , you digital controller , you're like , that's right , a digital controller 
My smile , is fragile 
My heart is held together 
With string and , sellotape 
Be gentle please remember 
With string and , sellotape 
is naked :P 
London Tomorrow :D 
Time to go to some sand dunes . 
I want to draw you a floorplan of my head and heart 
Ohoh yes disaranno and dubstep wob sip wob sip wobwobwob 
Hasn't smoked for 2 days . 
likes it on the floor , the bed , the table , and the car seat . 
Quitting alcohol for a week or three after a night of shouting at midgets , getting lary at perverts , falling down stairs , smashing my phone , stealing a pack of cigarettes , and beating up rubbish bins . 
London tomorrow :D Camden market i think ? 
Chillout day (: 
Well screw you guys , i'm off to the beach in 12 hours (: 
I need a hug :( 
Eaurgh why am i so ridiculous ? 
I <3 my friends (: 
Goodnight world <3 
Red hair (: 
wha t-t hefuck-ever . 
Cornflakes . 
Another beautiful dayyy with beautiful people <3 
At least I can watch 500 Days of Summer tonight ( Y ) 
And this is how it went ; 
I am here to stay 
Roaring with the wind 
There's life within 
Roast lamb <3 
Someone run away with me to somewhere beautiful 
How many girls can you get today , wipe the makeup , fade away , you creep , you freak , you digital controller 
BBQ tonight <3 
Eurgh driving lesson . 
Enjoying life more than ever <3 
Up til 9am .... hecticcc 
Still havent got out of my pjs . 
Good morning (: 
Just wanna get real high get real low 
Whyyyyyy do I have to work tomorrowwwwwwww 
That's great , i've managed to cut the side of the back of my mouth so eating and swallowing is painful . Wonder how i managed to do that ... 
Oh . 
I'm thinking maybe a Lord of the Rings marathon tomorrow ? (: 
987 - I think you have a nice side but you're actions and words say otherwise . You're a really funny guy , i just wish you could draw the line between jokes and insults . I think you treat women like shit and should change in that aspect . You have the potential to be a decent guy and it would have been nice to go out and take photos together knowing you would be nice to me . 
Wonderful time in Devon - camping , sun , beach , sea , ice creams , ham sandwiches , and finally when fate lead us to Mcdonalds . (: 
The same as I love you , you'll always love me too , 
This love isn't good unless it's me and you . 
What a beautiful evening 
Time for a bit of ye old xbox methinks 
Time for a nice hot cup of tea <3 
Guess what , i'm not a robot . 
=/ 
I'm bored let's hang out , text me 07843754624 x 
Went to the gym today :D 
Back to Cheltenham (: 
Just spent 3 hours on Condemned 2 and Halo 3 
Searching for a handsome , humorous , exciting , caring , nice chap . Do any exist ? 
Well , thanks . 
I've decided to start writing again (: 
Cheltenham , to take my mind off things . 
I could use a dream or a genie or a wish 
to go back to a place much simpler than this . 
Time to get drunk ...? 
So last night started off with playing Ring of Fire , and ended in not remembering the majority of the night , Rosie Clarke riding a bicycle , being at the police station , Mcdonalds at 5.30 am , losing my bank card , and two hours sleep . Oh , and the guy in mini shorts in the morning ? Not cool , not when i've just woken up . 
UCAS GONE , SENT OFF , DONE ! :D Kinda picked my 4th and 5th choices within 5 minutes but oh well ! 
Time for a cup of tea <3 
Bad mood . 
sex . 
Fuck you , hypocrites . 
Mum's making homemade pizza ... uh oh . 
Partyy tiiime <3 
7pm is not an acceptable time to go to bed . But I've had a nap and still cant stay awake . 
fuckssake . 
Tired . 
A nice ham sandwich with tomato sauce . 
That's it . Off to Christo Afro-Man Willemse flat . (: 
I don't know who you think you are , 
but before the night is through , 
I wanna do bad things with you . 
" Sometimes I wonder whether God will forgive us for what we have done to each other . But then I look around and I realise ... God left this place a long time ago . " 
There's 2 pieces of toblerone left , so let's not be silly and pretend i'm going to leave them sitting there by themselves . 
Isn't it beautiful outside ? (: 
Time to start drinking ( y ) 
disbelief . 
To go beside you , is where I want to be , ( Way far far-away ) to laugh , to love . 
Whayyy job interview 
Getting on the Vodka tonight . <3 
666 - I think you seem really nice and interesting and i'd like to talk more 
Time to think of an outfit for me and Dani Dangerfield tonight :P ... hmmm , witches ? evil fairies ? 
Uh oh . 
Someone shoot me before my day gets any worse . 
So fucking fed up of having no signal 95% of the time in this fucking house in fucking Wales . 
fraped 
Every time i look into your eyes , you make me wanna die 
Just had some Polish guy sit next to me , introduce himself , and then tell me I'm beautiful . Good old Stroud . 
I feel strange . 
Have fun being dead . (: 
The Hangover tonight (: 
Time for a picnic (: 
27 - I'm not completely sure . I think you're a nice girl and I wish we had talked more about stuff other than one subject . And I'll always thank you for your honesty and for telling me things I needed to know . But I think you should have more respect for yourself , but it was the same self respect I had too so I can't say much :p I wish we still talked . 
486 - I miss you , we dont talk as much as we used to . I will come see you sometime soon , but as you're coming back soon for a bit i'll see you then . I think you're easily influenced , and your loyalty is sometimes questionable , for example , ignoring me , but i think you get a lot of things muddled up in your head . I would like to talk to you more about deep shit again , like we used to . 
Oh well . 
Fuckssake . 
Eggfwiedwiiice :D 
Slightly hungover . 
83 - i dont really know you very well , but i hope you arent with that guy anymore that we talked about before , and that you've found someone worth it instead . 
Hectic night . 
Somehow i've managed to get free Internet on my phone ... :D 
I need some new music ! Something melodic , pretty , sad , or mellow , any ideas ?? 
Grow the fuck up people . 
I could really use a wish right now . 
My mummy bought me some cute slippers today (: <3 
Still feel ill . Goddamnit . 
Time to go campingggg (: 
I am highly suspicious about our new kitchen appliances . What kind of cooker turns itself off and works like a touchscreen ? 
Good night with George Knight , Chris Dyer , Kat Brumwell , and Will Cooper , and for a short while Jess Cain and Joel Smith etc <3 
Whyyyyyyy did I get drunk ??? 
House party tonight :D gonna get on itttt 
Time for a glass of disaranno and The Shawshank Redemption . 
I just had roast and ice cream like 2 hours ago .... WHY AM I STILL HUNGRY ?! 
Unsure . 
Photoshoot with Samuel J . A . O'Brien today :D 
So last night me and Rosie Clarke broke down , eventually got to Props , where i skanked like a motherfucker with Jess Cain , Lucy Black , Michael Evans , and Joel Roberts , and of course Rosie , made out with a girl ( which i cant remember ) , ruined a friendship ( LOL ) , lost my baccy , and got to eat chicken and qweetcorn sandwiches at Tescos at 4am . Good night . 
" Hahaha , it's funny cos he's fat ! " LOL . 
is going to start going to the gym . 
Has Just Wanked With Her Bum !!!!! 
We just don't think the same , you and I . 
" Love is not consolation . It is light . " 
Off to props to get trashed with Dan Mustoe , Rosie Clarke , Lucy Black , Jackson Heyden , Toby Barrett , Faith Laura Olivia Baker , and whoever else is there :D 
I need some new music please <3 nothing too Indie though ... name some people ? <3 
Fuck i just changed my profile to the new one by accident . -___- i hate it . 
Fuck it . 
What the fuck am i doing wrong here , seriously . 
555 - I've never met you but you seem like an extremely sweet , pretty girl and i think we should talk more . 
52 - I didnt really know you in school , i think you didnt like me then , but since then we've talked a bit and you seem nice , but we should talk more . 
Urrghghg work :( , wanna stay in bed . 
Off out . Text me . 
141 - I really don't know you anymore and we havent talked for like a couple of years so i dont know what you expect me to say ! 
Toy Story 3 tonight (: 
Whaaay pizza . Now i feel sick . 
FUCK YOU , ULCER , FUCK YOU . 
HAS A JOB ! 
Okay , i need more music . Something melodic , quiet into my calm music at the moment , but anything is appreciated . 
Time to put some music on LOUD and get ready for tonight :D 
bite me . 
Pub , party , and club time . 
Oh , you cockend . 
Drunk on a Tuesday night , have I reached a new high or a new low ? :P 
Let's get it onnnn <3 
Off to Paris in 6 hours . 
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn 
but that's alright because I like the way it hurts 
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry 
But that's alright because I love the way you lie 
I love the way you lie . <3 
Fucking pasta yeahhhh 
Let's try the word " no " . 
My mum is actually crazy . 
I'm in love with Leonardo Di Caprio . <3 
Thank you college . You really outdid yourself in uselessness today . 
At this rate im going to kill someone . RAWR . 
Sounds like broken records playing over . 
I love how my parents argue outside and so all the neighbours can hear them . Lovely . 
Fuckadoodleduck . 
Had a lovely night at the pub with Chris Dyer , Jamie Lyle , and George Knight (: 
Faith Laura Olivia Baker is back today :D <3 
confused . 
Hanging like a bitch . 
" We all walk in the dark and each of us must learn to turn on his or her own light . " 
Ohhhh hangover , i hate you . 
Met some lovely people at college :) 
Blahblahblahfootballblahblahblah 
But we know . 
Okay , i give in . Someone send me some numbers so i can say what i think of you in my status . 
summer bleeds into my skin and paints me the colour golden 
UCAS STRESS !!!!! 
My hangover started before I even got home . ( Y ) 
Sigh . 
I actually really like college so far . (: 
Fml . :( 
Okay im going on holiday soon I NEED SOME NEW MUSIC , preferably melodic , sad , or some whiny scene kid screamo ( as long as there is some singing involved) ? PLEASE HELP ME , i need to get through a week of Wales with the fam . 
listening to Dan Mustoe play guitar (: 
Time to watch Blood Diamond <3 
Epic weekend . 
Time to get stuck into my book . 
The flower said , " I wish I was a tree , " 
The tree said , " I wish I could be 
A different kind of tree , 
The cat wished that it was a bee , 
The turtle wished that it could fly 
Really high into the sky , 
Over rooftops and then dive 
Deep into the sea . 

And in the sea there is a fish , 
A fish that has a secret wish , 
A wish to be a big cactus 
With a pink flower on it . 
Still hungover from an amazing night in London (: Thanks to all that made it such a hectic night :P 
Inception , Pans Labyrinth , 500 Days of Summer , and Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist . Good collection of DVD's I think ? Ahhh Christmas (: 
Whyyyy am I always srunk x 
i seem to have insomnia at the moment . grrrr . 
Excellent party ... photos coming shortly :P 
Fed up of all you fucking pricks and cowards out there . Grow up , or grow a pair . 
PARIS IN 2 DAYS <3 
Anyone free this evening ? I'm bored as foook . 
Fuck me in the backseat 
Photoshoot with Lucy Black today :D 
Inception tonight ? 
Propagandaaaa tonight <3 
cant be fucked . 
Been feeling ill since Saturday ., mostly after i eat :( whyyyyyy 
I really fucking hate two-faced people . 
Fooooood <3 
I <3 my bed . 
Presents all wrapped and ready to go ! 
BLOODY RAIN ! 
let's get freaky 
My bed is the most comfy bed in the entire world ... so why is my back starting to hurt every morning ??? fuckssake 
Fuck your life lol . 
Hungyyy . 
So is anyone going to J13 tonight ? 
Got two of THE BIGGEST ulcers at the back of my mouth , positioned fucking wonderfully so I can't open my mouth , swallow , or eat , without intense pain . One of the repercussions of new years . FANTASTIC -___- 
is horny . 
Time for a cigarette . 
Electrify my body , and you're making me feel , like I'm so electric , everything you're doing is making me blow blow blow 
Inception was f.u.c.k.i.n.g. AMAZING . 
Eclipse <3 
And love is evil , spell it backwards , i'll show ya 
You're the colour , 
you're the movement and the spin . 
Oh vodka oh vodka how I love youuu yes I doooo 
Let's do this shit . 
So I failed my theory test but it's okay because I fell in love with some guy who was there taking the test too . <3 
I can do it like a brother , 
do it like a dude , 
grab my crotch , wear my hat low like you ;) 
Fucking hell i'm knackered . 
Liars really piss me off . 
bloody well fed up of you boys . 
Oh , and I <3 Vikki Blows . 
Time for some crumble and custard <3 
How about FUCK YOU ESSAY , FUCK YOU . 
I am the moon . 
Well that was awkward . 
I'm in love ... with Leonardo Di Caprio <3 
Gotta go rent out Zombieland for the bro 
Butternut squash soup <3 
And I'm also in love with Joseph Gordon-Levitt <3 
Looking forward to some egg fried rice . yumyum . 
Is really excited cos she's using facebook on her phone for the first time :p 
I can't tell you what it really is , only what it feels like , and right now it feels like a steel knife in my windpipe 
Gonna get on it at Jack Marshall's party toniiiight (: Let's get drunkkk tonight . 
B , B , C (: 
Reading The Deathly Hallows again . 
Kick off your stilettos , 
and fuck me in the backseat , 
fuck me in the backseat 
Drink time ? 
Looking forward to seeing Lucy Black and Rosie Clarke tonight as havent seen them in a whileeee (: 
Disaranno and coke tonight ? I think so . 
Got caught by a customer banging my head against the till in frustration . Fml . 
I need a cuddle in bed please . 
Time for a vogue cigarette <3 PARRISSSS 
994 - I dont know you ! 
35 - you're so sweet , but we don't text enough anymore . I miss you ! 
Inception today (: 
Again :P 
When there's nothing left to burn you have to set yourself on fire . 
So , so hungover . 
So full that i might roll to get around instead of walking . 
Ohoh , mommas cooking something niceeeee for dinner ! Nomnom . 
Good friends are the people that are always there when everything else falls apart , but for them to be good friends you must be one also . <3 
According to Greek mythology , humans were originally created with 4 arms , 4 legs and a head with two faces . Fearing their power , Zeus split them into two separate parts , condemning them to spend their lives in search of their other halves . 
Good morning hangover . 
And you're my obsession , 
I love you to the bones . 
Yeah ... so i cant remember last night . 
Oh that's cool facebook , why don't you fuck right up , again ? 
Time for Meet Joe Black I think 
Miserable mood . Time for some Finding Nemo to cheer me up ! 
Ahhh why cant i change the about me box below my profile pic ? 
I'm so excited I might eat my own head . 
Calling our new kitten Simba <3 (: 
I need GUYS OPINIONS ; nipple piercings , yes or no ? 
Don't trust a soul . 
Time for a walk with Lawrence Machin (: 
Sitting in Costa trying to lick our own nipples . Good times . 
Wow , i love finding out stuff about myself that i didnt even know . 
Time to watch The Green Mile (: 
Lucy Black Photography is fucking amazing . Join it . 
Cause you are the brightest star , 
I'm in love with who you are . 
Time for frinngeeeee 
Finally I can hold the key , but the clock is still ticking , clock is still ticking , I can't see , What does all this mean when the lock is still missing , lock is still missing ? 
The rain makes everything dreary :( 
Feeling a little lonely today , text me ? <3 
Getting on it toniiiight . 
Pierced ! (: 
Tired , and need a cuddle please ? 
I wish I could speak whale . 
Time for pjs , hot chocolate , and a good movie <3 
We have a kitten !! <3 and it's mother (: 
Uhhh , can you boys BE any more confusing ?! 
Sundays are for lie-ins ... I'm going back to sleep (: 
Anyone up for driving me and Jess Cain to the cinema in Brizzle to see the new Megan Fox film :P ? Pretty pleaseee i'll give you my orange Wednesday (: 
College tomorrow ... 15 out of 30 pages in a sketchbook done ... and no inspiration . Great . 
Pub . 
Oh , my .... 
Facebook is back , my life is complete . 
Time to watch Lord of the Rings : Return of the King <3 
Eaurgh , just been reminded about my Christmas project ... fml . 
Well i'm fucking shattered . 
Time to watch This Is England (: 
I just love being cock slapped :) 
Last night consisted of ; 
1 . Going to a psychedelic club with giant butterflies hanging from the ceiling 
2 . Piking 
3 . Feeling amazing 
4 . Getting burns from the bonfire without noticing . 
5 . A noss cafe 
6 . Seeing 2 men passed out in a shop doorway halfway through their meals 
7 . Seeing 2 girls sleeping in the train station toilets 
8 . Arrival in Stroud : 9am . Work : 10am 
9 . Still being awake after 30 hours . 
Wow thanks anaemia , you made me feel like shite today ( Y ) . Time for the iron pills ! 
HUMOUS . 
Oh Stroud , i hate you yet love you . 
Jonah Hex looks shit but i spose it's got Megan Fox in so ... <3 
Oops I just rejected a friend request by accident from someone called Rosie Bear , but the R is backwards and B is not B either ... anyone know her and can give me a link so I can add her ? x 
Happy (: 
Let's get on it . 
Well hello , hangover . 
You're only as tall as your heart will let you be 
And you're only as small as the world will make you seem 
When the going gets rough and you feel like you may fall 
Just look on the brightside - you're roughly six feet tall . 
Time to start on the soco and lemonade ? <3 
425 - I think you're great !! And we should see each other more . I love how open you are . <3 
Men ay ? WHAT is their problem ? 
Going to miss Rosie Clarke , Dan Mustoe , Joel Roberts , and Ethan Hopkins so much :( and also all you others disappearing off to uni :( 
I miss Texas :( 
I might have to kill my mother soon . It's just moan moan moan constantly . 
hungry . 
I would like a cuddle in bed right about now . 
60 days ! :D 
Dude , I fucking love my friends . <3 
Sighh :( 
Happyhappyhappy (: 
Just got back from Bournemouth and now back out the door again (: 
Well , it's been 33 hours without sleep , I think my jaw is about to fall off , and I'm starting to mildly hallucinate . Bed time , I believe . 
Had a good night at J13 last night , a lot of great people out (: 
Don't you say that I've gone crazy . 
Because I haven't gone crazy yet . 
I just lost my mind , 
But I still got you . 
So give us words before we all forget . 
Seeing Devil tonight with Dani Dangerfield and Samuel J . A . O'Brien :D 
ANYONE GOT ANY SPACES IN CARS TONIGHT TO PROPS FOR A COUPLE OF PEOPLE ? 
Me : " This chair sucks balls " . 
Mum : " There's a difference between you and the chair you know ... the chair does NOT suck balls . " 
DICK'EADDDD 
My emotions are bouncing around FAR too much , i just feel rather odd ! >_< 
I need a hug buddy . 
Just saw a man with a legit eye patch . I wonder if he's a pirate ? 
Had a wonderful evening seeing a variety of people (: Lyndsay Cook , Kat Brumwell , Samuel J . A . O'Brien , Emma Smith , and Lawrence Machin :D 
I <3 my mum . 
OH , YOU COMPLETE FANNY !!!! 
Its all about the he said she said bullshit . 
Re-dyed my hair (: i am no longer ginger :D 
Had a lovely meal at The Lordy with Dan Mustoe , but really upset that he's leaving :( <3 
All got a bit hectic last night . Chilllouttt . 
So ... Lord John ? 
Paris has really done my shoulders in . -___- 
Give me something to go on , geeez . 
Jam on toast ( Y ) 
Bored . 
I'm so bored I thought maybe I should put my head in the freezer just for fun . I was then reminded that the freezer doesn't work without the door being shut . 
Fail . 
All I'd achieve would be cutting my head off with the freezer door , and that sounds like too much effort . 
Photography <3 
Hold me , wrap me up , unfold me 
People suck :( 
Spaced out . 
Chill the fuck outtttt , smoke some bud or something yeah ? ( Y ) 
Alright , fine . 
Seeing The Town tonight :D 
I hate UCAS . And personal statements . 
feels ridiculous . 
Off to see Never Let Me Go (: 
Just watched Juno <3 
Oh , that's great Facebook , my chat has entirely disappeared . Fantastic . 
Lost Laika photos also on Sarah Young Photography (: 
Chilling out watching the BAFTAs 
MP3 software , i hate you , very much . 
It's too cold . 
Oh well done Facebook Chat , why don't you just fuck up some more ? 
Pub time . 
OH COCKEND . 
Ice Cold Coke <3 
Pick me apart and uncover my heart . 
When does Christmas end and the diet begin ? 
The Quiet Things that No one Ever Knows 
Apparently it is half term next week . Why do I not get told these things ?! 
News travels fast in Stroud ... 
Oh hello vodkaaaaaaaa 
I'm so in love with vodka right now . <3 
I'd rather not do anymore sewing . Ever . K thanks . 
We're not falling in love we're just falling apart <3 
Tron has turned me bi . 
hey sarah , oh look not signed out eh ! i wont be unkind tho cos I am nice too ! 
Excited to be seeing Dan Mustoe today (: 
Unmotivated . 
Lord John . 
7 - You're incredible , and your maturity and kindness and honesty are things i really love about you , and you have always been there for me . I wish we talked more , i messaged you a week or so ago but you didnt reply . I'd really , really love to actually meet you and your beautiful baby . 
As a follow-on from the last status : 
I love everyone who was with me last night . <3 HAPPY NEW YEAR ! 
Off for a walk to take some photos (: 
Happy <3 
And you are the brightest star . 
Anyone know if trains are running to cheltenham ?? 
Jess just gave me my xmas present ... VIKKI BLOWS CALENDAR :D 
Just saw Paranormal Activity 2 :O 
New piercingggg (: 15 and counting :P 
Off to see Freddy Wetson (: 
Finished cleaning my room out after 5 hours . 
Time to go do my Christmas project . 
I really should stop drinking . 
Still not in bed . 35 hours awake in total , and counting . 
is really quite gay 
253 - I used to think you didnt like me , but i'm glad i got to know you better . I think you're strong , but also a pushover when it comes to a certain person . When it comes to him you need some more self-respect . I hope you arent with him anymore , as i havent talked to you in a while . i wish we actually talked more and saw each other more , as you're a great person . 
111 - I think you're really friendly , and brave , and you take a lot of shit on your formspring but it seems to bounce right off you , or at least i hope it does because you're an amazing person and deserve to be treated that way . 
77 - You are adorable , and kind , and cute , and i love your drawings . I wish we knew each other better . We should meet up for a drink or something . 
I think it's perfectly acceptable to make spaghetti hoops on toast at this time . 
is in LANDANNN (: with Alborosie Clarke and Joel Smith 
Thank you everyone posting their secrets to me via formspring and messages . You are all so brave and amazing . 
hasn't stopped eating since 11am x__x 
And the roast is ready :D 
210 - Girl , we need to talk more ! Because you're pretty damn cool (: 
Pray for the people inside your head cos they won't be there when you're dead . 
Your tongue in my mouth , trying to keep the words from coming out . 
522 - i dont really know you well enough to have an opinion on you yet . Talk more ? 
COMING HOME TOMORROW :D 
19 - i have to say i have some great memories with you from campouts in the early days , like sitting with you outside Sainsburys and nearly getting hit by a man on a motorbike . I think you're really sweet and i wish we knew each other better again ! 
I . HATE . BOOK-MAKING . 
Since I haven't been awake till now , and have missed breakfast and lunch , that means I can eat both in one go right ? :P 
Vodka is my only friend . my sweet seet tasty friend . oh how i love vodka . 
1 - Basically , you're a cockend . ;) No , seriously , you the funniest guy i've ever met . ( and i'm blatantly secretly in love with you , even though , you're secretly in love with Isaac FML . Haha , sorry , you cant have him , hes all MINE . ) 
31 :33 - i think you've got attitude . I like attitude (: 
IM BORED SOMEONE HELP ME . 
If I was a flower growing wild and free 
All I'd want is you to be my sweet honey bee . 
And if I was a tree growing tall and green 
All I'd want is you to shade me and be my leaves . 
523 - I think you're quirky and sweet and a little bit crazy , and the best thing about you is that you are yourself , completely , without caring about what anyone else thinks . You're a bit of a dude really :P (: 
Isaac Evans is dusting ... what a woman . 
So I haven't slept yet , and I'm at work . 
I didnt even do anything today and im shattered . fml . 
I cant remember 90% of last night . 
Really want to watch 500 Days of Summer right now <3 
Online portfolios done for Manchester and Kingston . Thank god that stress of my week is over with . 
Best quote from last night : " Let's go to an orgy ! Please , please ! " Nice one , Jess Cain 
Hasn't had a cigarette for 3 and a half days . 
Boom Boom , pull me a beer 
No pretty drinks , I'm a guy out here 
Rollin ' rollin ' rollin ' rollin ' money like a pimp 
My bitches on my dick like this . 
Oh , college ... 
In the car on the way home from a Christmas walk and pub lunch with the family , I had my parents arguing in the front over whether to get a Christmas tree or not , and my brother in the back singing " So here it is , merry Christmas , everybody's having fun ! " in irony . Oh I do love Christmas . 
Still recovering from New Years . 
52 minutes left at work . 
Everyone's status is about snow -___- I think we all got the message that it has been snowing . 
Hungover on a Thursday . 
Like a G6 , like a G6 ;) 
12 - I don't really know what to make of you . You can be shy , and then over-friendly , and then forward , and then shy again . You have some interesting thoughts . 
Oh ffs i think i'm getting ill . 
Whisper now and tell me how 
you'll watch me and tell me 
somehow I'm gonna be alright . 
Well hello sun , thank you for poking your head out today (: 
Why would i have a dream about a tiny monkey turning into a spider-like creature , and then turning into a lesbian ? I need a psychiatrist . 
You're not like all of the others 
and that is why 
i love you 
beautiful freak 
Sunday is for lying in bed all day with Isaac , watching movies , eating , and talking about philosophy and sex . 
Bah , humbug . 
Cleaning out Isaac's room , and hoovering , and dusting . So far only taken us 3 and a half hours -___- 
Time for a Balti with the lovely Jess Cain 
I wish this weather would fuck off . 
Exhausted . Hot chocolate then bed . YESMATE . 
stuffed full of soup . 
How do you make a ZIP file ?? HELP , it's for uni online portfolios :O 
Pretty productive day . Now time for some soup . 
Just saw an obese squirrel . 
I just love having really long nightmares about a pliars/knife wielding murderer coming after me . -___- Thanks brain . 
We Came As Romans <3 
Class night at Gee and Jake's . ( Y ) 
You can fuck off now anxiety . 
So I've been sleeping with this silence in my mind , 
and all I see scares me , 
and no one knows it , but she , she saved me . 
It's going to be a hectic night tonight ... ( Y ) 
Yeah so I didn't just eat a whole 125g of mozzarella straight out of the packet ... 
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck ahahahaaaaaa 
Ocean's 11 <3 
What a beautiful day to be sad . 
It's time . 
Right , that's it , i'm bringing my own pillow to Paris with me . I've got to take a least a little piece of my own bed <3 
Oh hey Stroud , it's nice to be back (: 
DMT tomorrow (: I hope you're ready for me Bristol ;) 
I think I'm still drunk ... fml . 
Just passed my theory test :D 
Cheese is my downfall . 
Don't you just love it when you realise you've wasted years of time and effort on someone who is actually a complete loser ? 
People are so full of shit these days . 
My mum's listening to Rihanna - Rudeboy , the Dubstep version , in the car . Yes mum ! 
Rocking out with mum in the car to System of a Down and 30 Seconds to Mars . ;) 
Someone come over , I need some cheering up . Text me 07843754624 <3 
Retail therapy : 2 gel bras and some knee high socks , and currently searching for new pjs . 
ANYTHING ELSE WANT TO GO FUCKING WRONG TODAY ?!! 
Feeling alot better now thanks to banter with Dan Mustoe and Isaac Evans . Thanks to the other loverrrrly people earlier for cheery texts . <3 
Okay so if i finally give way to peer pressure , which shall I give a go ; House or Black Books ? 
Who just called me from their house number ... ? 01453 450187 anyone ? 
I really do regret putting my number on my status now -___- 
Lying in bed with laptop , wide awake at 8am , only having had about 4 hours uncomfortable sleep . I fucking hate being ill . 
Managed to watch an episode of " House " , an episode of " Black Books " , the last two episodes of " Skins " and The Last Exorcism . 
i have a hunger for cock , feed me . 
I will nail the shit out of your corpse . 
i fail 
argggrhhhr 
I am bored of fraping you sarah , so this time i'll just say hi 
Oh my GOD I'm so bored of Facebook , someone give me something to do . 
I got me a typewriter (: 
Going to Bath tomorrow to visit Dan Mustoe and Ben Sanger-Davies (: 
Think I've developed a fever on a bus that takes an hour to get home . Feel like I'm gonna chunder . Everywhere . Fml . 
Just had a wellie thrown at me by a little boy . Fml . 
Mum emptying the washing machine ended up in my entire family having an underwear fight in the kitchen ( Y ) . 
Off to the gym . 
PIZZA . 
I need suggestions for heroes/villains fancy dress ? 
The audacity of some people is astounding . -___- 
Cup of tea please . <3 
If I could I would shrink myself 
and sink through your skin to your blood cells 
and remove whatever makes you hurt , 
but I am too weak to be your cure . 
BLOC outfit ORDERED ( Y ) 
i like poo 
Someone do me a favour and never let me drink alcohol again . 
Late Christmas dinner with the family , crackers and all to make up for our family not being together for Christmas because of the snow ... and all I want to do is throw up and sleep . 
GARGHGHGHGGGG someone come pick me up , bad mood . 
Ohhh fuck this shit . -____- 
Just watched The Usual Suspects . 
BLOC outfit arrived :D 
The . Gym . Killed . Me . 
Oh oh OH YES , retail therapy , LOVE IT <3 
BLOC outfit is complete with white stockings and false eyelashes . 
Dessert before dinner ? Well I don't really have a choice when there's a creme egg sat in front of me , let's be honest . 
BLOCBLOCBLOCBLOCBLOCBLOC <3 
Sleepy time (: 
So people , ready for BLOC ? :D :D :D 
Eein has a bonerrrrrr ! Yes for the BLOC crewwwww <3 
My body hates me but I'm still automatically wondering how much I can drink tonight ... love for all the BLOC crew , you made it fucking amazing (: 
This is what our area has come to : the Citizen's headline is " SHOCK AT COST OF CHEESE ROLLING TICKETS " 
And back towards Minehead again ... wish it was BLOC again though instead of a college trip ! 
Is sat by the seaside drinking tea and eating scones . <3 
GAH so much to organise and do in so little time . Stress . 
Gah . 
I need a new tattoo . 
Cherry . 
Oh sun you are beautiful , time to laze about in you with my beautiful friends (: 
Chickens must boil ! 
Can't stop thinking about Requiem for a Dream . Amazing , but the most harrowing film I've ever seen . 
is reading Pokemon - Attack of the Prehistoric Pokemon ! 
Last night Isaac and i were talking about cannabilism and he said it was no different to eating an animal . I asked him if he would eat me if i was dead and he said " No , i'm a vegetarian . " -____- 
It smells like a summer evening outside (: lovellyyyyy <3 
IDIOTIDIOTIDIOTIDIOTIDIOTIDIOTIDIOTIDIOT . 
So i dreamt about giving birth , and an alien invasion last night . Good on you , brain , at least you've got imagination . 
Why do people feel the need to post their entire personal life on facebook ? 
Propaganda toniiiight 
So last night got incredibly drunk , saw old friends , saw college friends , lost my scarf , shouted at a douchebag , got emotional , then got angry at my front door . Good times ( y ) . 
Conditional from Manchester :D 
Sarah , get off Facebook and DO SOME WORK !!! Love from the small amount of Logic in your brain . 
Mmmm belgian chocolate mousse 
I WILL finish this piece of writing tonight for my UWE interview . BRAIN INTO GEAR SARAH . 
Oh comfy bed with your wonderful layer of memory foam ... you are calling out to me ... sleepy time ... 
There seems to be an alarming number of perverts about ... beeped at 3 times already and i have been standing here for 5 minutes . JUST BECAUSE YOU'RE GOING THROUGH A MIDLIFE CRISIS DOESN'T MEAN YOU CAN START PERVING ON YOUNG WOMEN . 
Tongue piercing yes or no ? 
Oh thank you rainy , misty day , you've really helped with my landscape photography project . Not . 
Just found out my brother is in a band . Cuuuuuute . 
Simba ( our cat ) just got attacked by another cat and was hanging from a wall by two front paws ironically Lion King style . Unfortunately he fell . But he's okay . One day he'll be a lion . ( Y ) 
Stood at the bus stop watching two guys beat up their car whilst the car maintainance man tries to fix it . What is wrong with some people ? 
Time for some crunches and squat thrusts :p 
watching I Am Sam . 
Whyyy am i awake ? 
Isaac is really cool , and i smell 
Watching Mean Girls ( y ) 
Just pierced my own ear ... again (: 
Mmmm bed with Isaac . 
Off to town for a cuppa with Lauren Clare Mason <3 
Sun and warmth make me so happpyyyyy (: 
I love my life right now (: 
Well it's time to get some nice happy music for summer , any suggestions anyone ? I'm liking Jenny Owen Youngs , Laura Marling , Laura Veirs , Massive Attack , John Mayer , and Morcheeba at the moment . Daisy-Lou Miles you'd better be putting together a list for me :P <3 
Zoned out . 
Interview sucked balls but it's okay because i'm going to an aquariummmmmm (: 
I shouted " BLOWJOB ! " And my mum said " Who spat that out ? " 
Hasnt had a cigarette since Sunday (: 
Conditional from UWE (: 
i feel like i'm dying , i hate vodka . 
Why does my dress smell like bonfire ? 
Evidently i am insane . Whilst completely hammered i left a note to my mother on the door saying : " WHY THE FUCK DO I CARE WHAT NATIONALITY THE GOVERNMENT IS ? THE KEYS DONT FUCKING FIT THE LOCK . " What does that even mean ? 
Someone text me or come see me , i need some happy vibes pleaaaase <3 
FUCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK 
Off swimming (: 
Blah . 
shouldn't leave her facebook unattended when family members are present . ;) 
A cup of tea and a good book ( y ) 
Off to Cheltenham , hopefully seeing all these lovely people today : Sia Holmes , Tommy Annand , Michael Evans , Lucy Black , Jess Hawes , and others (: Good day planned ! 
WHY do i keep going back to Props ? Such a waste of time and money . 
All this life is all for love 
Its the only road I'll choose 
And every street and avenue , 
only one will lead me back to you . 
Smiley titties ! (: 
NOUGAT ! 
FRAPE 
Passed my driving test first tiiiiime !! :D 
I just forgot my tampons . Blood everywhere . 
ill :( 
Bonobo and Roots Manuva tonight ? Yes please . 
I wonder if Bin Laden is really dead ? Anyway , sandwich time . 
Oh epic sandwich , you are cheering me up . 
Pierced again ! ( y ) 
Oh tummy , why you hurty ? 
Conch piercing = awesome . Today = not so awesome . 
Turns out I am a disaster in the kitchen ; cake fairly ruined . Scanner not working properly . This morning sucks . 
The freezer saved my cake ! WINNING ! 
" Have you ever met a goblin before ? " National book week-Grab the book closest to you and post the 5th sentence on page 52 , not mentioning the title . 
Hot chocolate then bed I think , goodnight all <3 
