so i ended up being at work till 4:45 . gotta love the bar rush ! 
Today is starting off much better , i think i will stick around a while and see how this whole LIFE shit pans out .... ;) 
holy crap i made a damn facebook ... 
finally got all my fin aid stuff done , get my loans and my grants in a week ! thank god ! 
starting to get over the fact that i missed national talk like a pirate day , getting ready for school and work today . have a good one ! 
I said to Him " During my hardest struggles i see only 1 set of footprints . Why did you leave me when I needed you most ? " He smiled at me and said " I never left your side . The 1 set of footprints you see when it was hardest were Mine , for I picked you up and carried you through those times . " 
CRAP CRAP CRAP CRAP CRAP CRAP CRAP !!!!! i forgot that sept 19th is national talk like a pirate day ! how did i not have that saved in my phone ? wth ? now i have to wait another whole year !!!! i am so sad ..... :( 
i hate having insomnia . every friday i work until 3:30 am and i cant go to sleep on sat nite . at least i am making a little money though . 
man last nite was long ! but i feel so much better going to work knowing that i will eventually be able to pay all my bills and maybe even have a little left over afterward . 
I got the job at cracker barrell ! whooo ! 
hey , just wanted to let everyone know that i lost my cell phone , so if you dont mind please send me your phone numbers in a personal message , cuz otherwise i wont be calling you ever again :) 
Everything Ive loved is just a memory . Stripped of every ounce of self respect , drag me to my knees . Cover me in ash , curse the day that i was born . Release me from this living death welcome oblivion . -The Nodes of Ranvier 
I have become an spiritual insurgent ! 
If any man will come after me , let him deny himself , and take up his cross daily , and follow me . For whosoever will save his life shall lose it : but whosever will lose his life for my sake , the same shall save it . For what is a man advantaged , if he gain the whole world , and lose himself , or be cast away ? -Jesus Christ of Nazareth Luke 9:23 -25 
Battered , Broken , But not afraid . know i had prosperity , ive tasted defeat . blow by blow this world has crushed my dreams ....... Battered , broken , but not afraid . battered , broken , but not afraid . im battered and broken but this life will be restored . -The Nodes of Ranvier 
God ! im on my knees ! suffering ! is this all i am ? please ! feel my pain ! lift me up ! hold me closer to Your heart ! God ! i have failed You once again ! Your Love is what sustains me ! -War of Ages 
ok , i think i am now a total sellout . i just realized that i have been watching " House " on a regular basis and enjoying it . at first i watched it cuz it was the only thing on at this time of day and i could work on my boots with some background action , but now i find i actually like the show . im so disappointed in myself ! ahhh ! 
God gaves us rational and reasoning minds , why do so many people choose to throw that mind to the wolves of ignorant indiscretion ? 
whoooo ! tnl at the gothic for free the girls ! this is gonna be BA ! 
we got the gothic set in record time and sound check is now starting . that means i get to relax and enjoy the perks of workin my butt off today :) 
how is our world so broken ? i just read about libyan pro-regime militia opening fire on civilians with assault rifles and anti-air guns mowing down at least dozens . is there bothing to be done for these people ? why do we have a un ? why does america , self-proclaimed protector of freedom and democracy worldwide have an army if they will simply stand idle while a despot commits genocide ? 
wow . its crazy how much you can learn about a person by sking them . crazy , isnt it ? 
" Its been too long sine any piece of this made any kind of sense . you anoint the dead , i'll burn everything . dust to ashes , you giveth , i taketh away . " Lamb of God 
gonna be going on a ride-along tomorrow nite with gray in the elementary kids classes . a little nervous but lookin forward to it . my first role as a teacher in the kingdom of God . thanks gray , mackey , and chip for the opprotunity to contribute to the community . 
there comes a point where you must take a leap of faith , and either you land to find firm ground beneath your feet , or you will learn to fly . 
note to self and to whomever else it may concern : cutting through a tire , even with a sawzall , is EXTREMELY difficult . i dont suggest it . i need to find a significantly easier material for bootsoles on the next footwear project . 
wow ! just took a solid 2hr nap ! i feel amazing ! and 
so i have been working on this letter to my dad in prison for about 3 days now , its ridiculously long , but im not sure if its cuz i have alot to say or if i am trying to avoid finishing and sending it . 
182 pushups , 182 situps , 21 vertical pushups . now to setup the stage and sound and go to training for teaching the little ones . tuesdays kick ass . 
just woke up from a nap and now im extremely hungry ... but also still really tired and feeling extremely lazy . what a predicament ... 
once more , into the breach my friends . 
im starting to think that my definition of happiness is fundamentally flawed . time to start discovering God's definition of happiness , and maybe see how that works out for me . 
those who danced seemed quite mad to those who could not hear the music . 
daylight savings , and the execution thereof , is not ok . it sucks . i want to go back to bed now . 
well i finally got fired from cracker barrel . and oddly enough , i am kind of relieved . i should probably be stressed out but i think everything is going to be alright . im actually kind of optomistic , what does God have for me next ? 
yay for tattoos ! 
all thats left is the yellow :) 
this week just gets better ! got 2 hrs of tattoo work done by my artist for FREE tonite ! life is good ! i now have a full colour shoulder piece ! whooooo ! 
thy rod and thy staff do comfort me ... 
did someone say rum and coke + splatterhouse ? i think they did ! 
happy patty's! 
thanks to nikki , sara and nate for a great time ! st patty's rocks ! God i love being irish ! 
last nite was awesome ! so happy i have such great friends to share a great holiday with . 
" i dont want to be here anymore in scarlet letters , carved into what once me , once was yours , no more . i dont want to be here anymore in scarlet letters , torn into a piece of me , a piece of you , no more . " - Mudvayne , New Game , Scarlet Letters 
sometimes i imagine 6 impossible things before breakfast . 
why is a raven like a writing desk ? 
UNPLUGGED : Dotterer & Stone in the fireside room ! good times ! 
thanks to Jarred Mackey for hooking me up with a new part time job to replace cracker barrel . i spent a total of 2 weeks without a primary income source , thanks to my other 2 jobs it didnt actaully effect my income . now with the new job i will be working dramatically less hours AND making more money . God truly provides . 
each of us is given a role in life , by God , and it is our choice to serve it or not . some are speakers , some are protectors , some are prosecutors and some are defenders . some are graceful and some are severe , but each of us is given our place . i would rather be hated for who i am than loved for who i am not . and so i will strive to be who God made me to be , no matter the consequences . 
as the deer doth pant for water , so my soul doth thirst for thee ... 
Lord of my Salvation , Light of my Life , lift me up from this darkened valley , Raise me up upon the wings of Eagles that I may soar with Your Spirit . 
esse quam videri 
Copy this and put it in your status if you know someone or have heard of someone who knows someone or have heard of someone who may know someone ; or if you don't know anyone or even if you have just heard of someone who doesn't know anyone then do still copy this ! Most people won't , but it's important to spread the message . Be proactive !!! Oh , and the hearts ...??? For Pete's sake , don't forget the hearts !!! ??? 
alright ! 1 assignment down , 3 more to go ! whoo ! 
So , watched " the fighter " while doin my homework , didnt realize this movie was about micky ward , the dropkicks wrote a song about this brawler , great frickin movie , very inspiring , gotta love irish brawlers ;) 
i have been working on this stupid toxic waste paper for hours and i only have 1 frickin page done ! ahhhhh !!!!!! 
ok , 2 assignments down , just gotta finish that stupid toxic waste paper tomorrow . crap . 
i want coffee so bad . 
homework done ! whoo ! and i got coffee :) mmmmmmm ...... 
this just in : ex-vegitarians say that bacon is the " gateway meat " 
80 degrees yesterday , rain this morning , snow now , what the hell colorado ? 
watching the blue ray extras for the book of eli , wicked cool stuff , denzel decided to become a producer a short way into preproduction , God sure does have an amazing way of puting people right where they belong . 
I got a call yesterday confirming that , as long as i can afford a flight to NY , I am going to Israel in January . The trip is almost free through the Israeli Government and a Jewish orginization called Ezra Birth Right . I am frickin stoked . 
mom and sis are home safe in california , had a blast hangin out with them , go back to work thurs , lookin forward to tnl tomorrow and relaxing weds . Funny how good life can be . 
last nite was awesome . Never had a better dinner , and never had better company for dinner ;) 
Just a few more major assignments and spring semester is over ! Cant wait for summer , its gonna be awesome ! 
can i just say , registering for classes sucks ! 
The Lord is risen my friends ! He has walked among us today , He has shown us the holes in His hands , let us put our fingers in the wound in His side . Today all things are made new in Christ Jesus . May you walk with Him today that He may renew you . My loved ones , i long for all of you , that i could be with you on this day of exalted joy . May the Lord watch over you and keep you until i see you all again . 
Before the soul was reincarnated into this body , into this time and place , it was basking above in rays of Godliness . And it comes into this world for 1 reason only , that it may bring light into the darkness , that it may take the darkness of this world and make it light ! - Matisyahu , Live at Stubbs 
i love my peeps . 
in the begining , God created the heavens and the earth , and He looked down on His creation and said " it is good . " He didnt say it was " ok " or " alright " or " almost what i was goin for " ... He said it is good , so lets try to get back to that , or rather lets try to push forward to what God created in the first place . Lets be the Good . 
my life sure is strange and crazy sometimes , but i wouldnt change it for anything . 
i dont care if u call him god , allah , yahweh , adonai , elohym , christ , yeshua , dios , ting , deus , theos , spirit of the universe , higher power , universal concience , it doesnt matter . I AM is almighty , all-merciful , all-loving , and I AM is amazing . I AM is working in my life , driving me forward , and all i can do is to press forward into the future with an overwhelming awe and wonder . 
ok , im on the plane . Lets get to frickin california already ! 
Lets do this , im a cashew ! 
If there was a single day i could live ... A single breath i could take ... I'd trade all the others away .... I'd trade all the others away ... 
ok , i gave in and finally had a cracker barrel employee breakfast . It was like $3 with my discount and frickin delicious ! Holy crap ! I guess when u cook it all day u forget that its food , tasty tasty food ... :) 
3 hours at the gym today . Intense . 
Im hungry , i think im gonna have some spagettioes when i get home ..... Mmmmmm ..... Spagettioes ...... :) 
chai tea soothes the throat and the soul . my room mate took me to my indian restaurant to get chai and curry . best roomy ever ! 
i am governor gerry brown ! Who always smiles and never frowns ! Soon to be pre-si-dent ! ..... California ! Uber alles ! California ! Uber alles ! Uber alles ! California ! Uber alles cal-i-forniaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ! 
-california uber alles , fresh fruit for rotting vegetables , the dead kennedys 
happy chanukah everyone ! 
what an unbelievably beautiful day ! 
now i remember why i dont do opening shifts ! holy crap im tired and beat ! you are so lucky youre my friend amber ! 
Officially changed my major to psych and my minor to hist today . From there i can get a masters of div and a masters of psych . Feelin good . 
Please put this on your status if you know or are related to someone killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death Star . My wish is that people will understand that the Empire is a band of MURDERING SCUM . The Rebel Alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy , but the evil Empire continues to kill innocent civilians . 93% won't copy/paste this . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour 
no room for regret , no time for remorse . -reptile lord , the phoenix throne , dead to fall . 
so , 430am is still a sucky time to wake up for work . Going on vacation and sleeping in till 830am didnt change that at all . ( and , yes , 830am is sleeping in to me . Sad , i know . ) 
i cant believe how tasty fries and a chocolate shake are together ! its amaz-z-zing ! 
got my jewish deli experience in ! Now i just need sushi and thanksgiving dinner and my vacation is complete ! Whoo ! 
i just have to thank God from the bottom of my heart and the seat of my soul for the beauty and wonders with which He has blessed us . I got to go down to Point Dume at the bottom of Zuma beach today and it is a truly breath-taking place . 
i just wrote a really eerie but beautiful song on guitar , and i am pretty sure i stole the chordal progression form disney's beauty and the beast . I am such a geek :) 
Cant wait to go to TNL tomorrow , missed my pastors and setup buddies . lookin forward to seeing my beautiful girlfriend and hangin with my peeps at home in Co . :) vacation has been awesome , but im a little homesick . 
... i am the master of my fate , i am the captain of my soul . 
The 6 P's: Perfect Practice Prevents Piss Poor Performance ... i frickin love it . 
One Ummah will be at the Recovery at the Capitol Event on Wednesday the 19th , hope to see you there . I will be running a booth that was provided courtesy of Surrounded By Recovery and my good friend Mark Wonder . all praise and glory to God . 
Grace and Peace . 
God im on my knees ! suffering ! is this all i am ? please , feel my pain lift me , hold me close to your heart . God - You - Are- All i have ! Your - Love - Is- What sustains me ! 

-War of Ages 
yay ! snow day ! no work for me ! 
Reconnected with an old friend of my from another life . good to know that all of my past isnt just a twisted mess . God is pretty amazing . 
now for a day of silence , resting in the Lord my God , my Refuge , my Tower of Strength in the face of the enemy . 
just dance is awesome ! 
having an entire day off was amazing ! My entire apartment is clean ! Im so happy and relaxed ! God is awesome ! 
finally to pirates of the carribean ! whooo ! the whole reason i came to disneyland . 
on the phoenix throne ! Death becomes Life ! 
-death and rebirth , the phoenix throne , dead to fall 
plotting a Grand Adventure to California to visit old comrades . 
today is disneyland . :) 
i want ice cream .... :) 
The Surrounded By Recovery event , Recovery at the Capitol , was rescheduled to Friday the 21st , because I work 5am-2pm I will be unable to work the One Ummah booth . However , I appreciate the opprotunity that Mark gave me to be a part of the event . 
started at home work out regime , frickin killer , nice to know i havent lost it completely tho . Feelin really good , and really sore , something i have missed for a long time :) wish i still had kimmyku and his bro for workout partners . 
at the terminal waiting to board my plane :) 
day of silence was awesome . now i need a little human interaction . 
so , apocolypse now is possibly one of the greatest movies ever , started it last nite , finished it this morning , frickin amazing . The Horror ...... The Horror ...... 
today is gonna be a good day . my hands are sore from leatherwork , my body is sore from workin out , i feel good . just gotta do a quick grocery run and cook when i get home then i am free to paint the rest of the day away . 
wow ! I fell asleep at 430pm ysterday and woke up at 430am today ! Thats ridiculous ! Guess ive just been runnin myself ragged this last week or so . I feel amazing today though . Ready for another great day and maybe some crazy adventures too ;) 
church #1 for the day : grace chapel in lancaster california . lets see how they do it in the desert . 
im going tto the beach today :) 
invented a new delicious dish today , blackened pepper pan roasted chicken over sauteed fingerling , russet , and red potatoes and mushrooms , topped with sauteed green and yellow bell peppers and white and yellow onions , with pan blackened brocoli and coliflower . Yum :) 
TNL at the gothic ! whooooo ! 
i have spread my dreams beneath your feet , tread softly , for you tread upon my dreams . -yeats 
first day of class today ! Whoo ! School rocks ! Never thought i would say anything like that ... 
irish festival ! Whoo ! 
Invictus - by William Ernest Henley 
expendables kicked ass ! 
just got a phone call from barnes and noble , charlie bronson's " solitary fitness " just arrived and is ready for me to pick up ! whoo ! im stoked ! so i will cook an amazing dinner , probably involving lamb , asparagus , and sweet potato , and then get pumped for the rest of the day ! 
Israel is almost in my grasp ! Just gotta book the flight to ny and pick the exact dates ! Whoo ! This is gonna be ba . 
greatness is achieved through bold acttion . -mom 
rush at redrocks ! Need i say more ? Amazing ! 
well , here goes another cooking experiment . a little healthier than the last few meals : chicken breast baked with a light layer of creamcheese and celery with basil , oregano , salt , pepper , thyme , baked to perfection ; sweetpotato ; asparagus with same spices . we will see how it goes , but i gotta say , i am pretty optomistic :) 
wow . i actually sorta missed being at school . wierd . 
got my leather supplies :) this is gonna rock . 
my God my God ! Heavenly Father ! i feel forsaken ! eternal night now reigns ! daylight engulfed by shoadows , i pray You end this agony ! God ! everything i loved is just a memory ! stripped of every ounce of self respect , bring me to my knees ! cover me in ash , curse the day that i was born ! release me from this living death , welcome oblivion ! -the nodes of ranvier 
Got my birth certificate in the mail and now i can get my passport ! one step closer to ISRAEL THIS WINTER ! whoo ! man im stoked , this is gonna be frickin awesome ! 
From the dust you came , and to the dust you shall return . 
pretty tired today , but gonna pull through , gotta go to the gym for at least 2 hours today ! Its gonna be awesome ! 
its amazing how life can sometimes seem so complicated , but i can always find beautiful periods of serenity : an hour at the gym , a couple hours under the needle getting a new tattoo , writing a new song on my guitar , working on my oil painting . Small pieces of nirvana , bliss , that i can seize for a few minutes , an hour or two . God has truly blessed me , has truly blessed humanity . 
well , day 1 of type O diet . filet of sole baked with olive oil , basil and thyme , delicious , parsnips and turnips with basil , oregano , little butter and olive oil , and an artichoke . yum . i need to rework the parsnips and turnips , im thinking if i dice the turnips and pan fry them with diced asparagus it would be awesome . i think that will be in tomorrow's lamb dinner :) this is fun . 
yesterday was amazing . I havent been this relaxed in a long time . 
just watched the book of eli again . it may sound wierd , but that movie is spiritually uplifting for me . it reminds me that no matter how dark the night becomes , the dawn is coming , and God renews his gifts and blessings with each rising sun . 
God is frickin awesome ! got to hang out with the amazing Daniel Cross , damn good man and a damn good friend . 
soooooo .......... i absolutely hate environmental science . it pretty much just majorly sucks . and i cant really say much more than that . oh , i can also safely say : " screw environmental science . " and thats definitely all i can say on that . 
spent halloween doing homework and watching movies cuddled up with my lady . Pretty nice . :) 
Through a series of minor disappointments this week i have come to realize how blessed i am with the friends i have made in my life . I know what really matters and i know who will be there . I have been told i will be able to count my true lifelong friends on 1 hand , and if i am honest with myself i can fill the fingers of that hand with tried , tested and proven friends . Thats pretty cool to me . 
i have the whole weekend off . Now i have time to do ALL of my homework for the rest of the semester . Its gonna be nice not having to stress over school for the next month :) 
getting a full nite's sleep before work really changes my attitude ! I feel great ! And irish blend breakfast tea makes mornings simply wonderful :) 
" we must all fear the evil of bad men , but there is another evil , which we must fear most , and that is the INDIFFERENCE of GOOD MEN . " - Catholic Bishop , the Boondock Saints 
ive lived , ive died , ive done it all a thousand times , and i dont regret a thing ive done , this time was mine to have ! -Unearth , In the Eyes of Fire 
im goin , goin , back , back , to cali , cali . Im goin back to cali ! Im gonna be in town from the 20th of november until the 30th . Hit me up if you want to hang out ! Word son ! 
wow . im so sick that i look like death warmed over . this sucks . 
happy rosh hashana everybody , may God inscribe your name in the book of life for another year , may your year be full of peace and happiness ! Shalom ! 
irish/scottish festival kicked ass ! 
i love my friends and family out here , but i already miss my girlfriend and my church . 
today was the best day in months ! 
doing laundry is exhausting ! but i have my food plan all ready to go shopping once i have pants to wear :) 
LA auto show rocked . I'll post pics when i get back to Co . 
so happy to be at church ! i know , im a God geek , but i think it could be alot worse :) 
new mission : reduce swearing to an absolute minimum . Im notso concerned with completely eliminating swear words from my vocabulary , but my vocabulary is quite extensive and i feel i would better convey my points if i expanded on the words and terms that come to me so easily that are of a higher order . 
Thank God for TNL . Without it , I would surely be going insane today . 
alright , this is the home stretch , i am up and hoppin in the shower , then its off to the airport , and by 11 i will be in denver . 
ok , political science final done , now just the dreaded history final and im free till mid january ! 
at some point last night , it dawned on me that i had just finished watching my church perform at the gothic theatre , which i got to help set up , in order to raise money for charity : water , which was at $4200 of the $5000 we were trying to raise when i saw it last , and drinking a beer , brewed by my pastor , in the church offices with about 100 of my favourite people . awesome . i love my church . 
just landed . Never thought i would be THIS happy to see these rusted steel grey skies . 
my mom rocks ! 
Happy thanks giving . I am grateful tht you are all a part of my life , and grateful to God that i have this life to share . I love you all . 
this week has been awesome ! got to meet with my pastor before church on tuesday , which is always a spiritualy appetizing experience , got to hang out with my good friend Dan Cross for dinner , and got to hang out with my good friend Dustin Gutierrez for a kosher dinner . God must really like me :) 
disneyland was awesome ! 
psych final done ! pretty sure i have a very respectable B in this class at the very least :) 
finals are done ! whoo ! 
so i simply love all my friends at tnl . thats it . 
the lord is my refuge , my tower of strength in the face of the enemy . -psalms 
its official , i love both smithwicks and shepherds pie . 
tonite was the first time in 400 years for this specific event to occur when it did , which just makes it even better . tonite i watched a total lunar eclipse , on the winter solstice , the shortest day of the year , the beginning of winter , and my birthday ! whoo ! again , God must love me :) 
as crazy as it may sound , i think my main project is actually coming along QUICKER than i was hoping . its gonna be awesome . 
man im so happy i went to that art show and me Zack Zobell , it inspired me to start painting again . i have made leaps and strides over the past 2 days on my angel painting and i have 3 more canvasses in the works with base coats on them . i am lovin this ! 
ok , next week is finals and then i dont have school again till late january . i have such a love/hate relationship with school ! 
well happy new years , im not stayin up for this crap . 
in the words of my pastor , gray at tnl , merry chrismas and may the peace of christ go with you . 
beer and pancakes art show was awesome ! 
110 pushups , 10 vertical pushups , and a series of crazy self resistance dynamic workouts yesterday . cant wait to get home and bronson it up tonite :) 
so i just cooked stirfry chicken that is simply gangster , white rice , and created the all new john stone special , chicken and avocado egg rolls , thanks to sarah for taking me to kona grill and introducing me to avocado egg rolls ;) holy crap is this delicious . once i am done i will finish it off with cream , raspberry and pinapple filled wontons . mmmm .... 
if it is at all possible , i now dislike the black eye peas even more than i did before this halftime show . 
Any man who appeals to the law is either a fool or a coward . Any man who cannot take care of himself without that law is both . For a wounded man shall say unto his assaiant : if i live i will kill you , if i die you are forgiven . Such is the rule of honour . 
- Omerta , Ashes of the Wake , Lamb of God 
well , i went and bought some supplies for this new thing im doing , couldnt find a leather shop but that will soon be remedies . let the madness ensue ! 
mens ' community event with " where grace abounds " and jared mackey . love this church , tnl , its actually involved in the business of helping the children of God , in creating space for the healing love of Christ . nice to find a church that practises what it preaches . 
