Damned tired ... and completely stuck for the name of the song that was playing on the CD on the way home 
I am lost in a problem largely of my own making : 

Pancakes , bacon , egg and coffee may not be the solution but at least they will make a damned nice breakfast :) 
Hmm , " Its a wonderful life " is on at the Belmont tommorow . Maybe that can raise some christmas cheer ( something has to work ) :) 
Hmm and now some semisonic ... then I think a detour for some Tracy Chapman who is talking about a revolution , with the strokes winding down the night ... 3 CD's in the changer and a decent book to read ... Should be nicely chilled out by the time I turn out the lights :) 
Good morning !!! And what a great morning it is :) 
Good morning world :) 
Good morning one and all :) 
Time to head out for a run . 
Seems like a wet morning ... sleep on if I can , or get out there regardless ? 
arg , I can always sleep later . 
Today seems to be a day for procrastination ( spell check please ) , and I think I will leave the cinema till tommorow ... I may do some reading instead . 
Too wet ... too stormy ... Will allow my legs a rest this morning ... maybe run later . 
I miss coffee . I really do . 
Good Morning ! No excuses today : time for a run . 
Half way ... now i just have to make it back to the car :) 
‘I am just going outside and may be some time . ’ 
The others nod , pretending not to know . 
At the heart of the ridiculous , the sublime . 
He leaves them reading and begins to climb , 
Goading his ghost into the howling snow ; 
He is just going outside and may be some time . 
The tent recedes beneath its crust of rime 
And frostbite is replaced by vertigo : 
( Continued in comments ) 
Sleep : such a pleasant companion , but where is it now ? 
If I am to be a fool , I shall be happy in my foolishness ... or something like that :) 
Had a strange dream ... every time I closed my eyes I was back in it . 
I was in the croft I lived in after we moved to Aberdeen . It wasn't raining outside , but for some reason there was water coming in through the doors : the walls were running with water , and water was pouring in through the ceiling coming from god knows where . In the dream I was worried , expecting that the roof was going to collapse at any moment . 
Morning all 
So very bored right now . 
Well ................... Shit ................... 
Am I a damned idiot ? 
Cant sleep . Questions chase each other around my mind every time I close my damned eyes , 
SNOW ! What the hell else do I need to say , except " FUCK YEAH ! " 
What can I say but Good Morning ? :) 
It looks damned freezing out there : my car has turned white . I guess I will find out for myself in about 20 minutes . 
An expensive week : 400 for the MOT , and this morning another 1-200 to tax it so I can actually use it . 
Lol , my alarm just went off ... talk about wishful thinking :) 
Watching P , T . 
Written by Sam Shepard ... a man who was great in that long , but great movie , " The Right Stuff " . 
Good Morning . 
Finally going on my disertation reading . I will be familiar with one of the books by the end of the weekend . 
Few hours in the library today were actually productive ... what the hell ... gonna shoot for a 20 :) 
Good Morning ! 
Now showing : Francois Truffaut's " The 400 Blows " . 
Hmm , to go and see " Paul " at the beach at 1:30 , or just study a couple of hours then head home ... arg , am I really in the mood for the cinema today ? 
Who would ever have expected to hear those words come from these lips ( and by lips , I of course mean fingers) ? 
Would normally get up for a run , but not this morning ... will try and get a little more sleep instead . 
Managed a decent dream at least . I could wish that it proved to be prophetic . 
I am a sucker for " In good company " ... Anyway time for sleep . 
Tired . 
Good Morning All 
Just finished watching " The Right Stuff " . The film is just as great now as it always has been . 
Ohh , what I would not give to experience a flight in space . 
I can be incredibly slow ... I read something earlier in the week and I only just clicked to the probable meaning of it ... potentialy very annoying . 
Sometimes I hate the way my mind works . 
My niece , her BF and her 6 month old daughter are staying the night ... It had not even occured to me until they arrived that I am a great-uncle ... 
Several large glasses of rum later ... I may be a little tipsy . 
Just finished watching " Its a wonderful life " . 
Once again it picked me up . So many great moments in that movie ( the scene just before the death of his father being one of them ) , but when the end arrives and everyone shows up to help George ... Thats a world I want to live in . 
Was considering the cinema , but not a great choice just now and i am not in the mood at all . 
Maybe go home and get out on the bike ... i cant sit still these days ... 
I need to get my ass in gear ... Its one of those days . 
There is a war between instinct and reason ... 
I need to go get a large americano . 
Twins : I know it's not a great movie , but godamn , its such a fun movie :) 
Sky looks clear ... hopefully it will remain that way for the morning ... will not object to a relaxing view when the run is finished . 
Odd dream last night ... just popped into my mind ... the details are fuzzy , but I remember ( I think ) asking a question and being shocked by the answer ... not sure who I asked , or what I asked them ... its the shock that woke me up . Odd like I said . 
I am not going to , but I really need to reinstall the operating system on my laptop ... its been having all sorts of problems with the internet lately . 
I dont think FaceBook chat works with it iether ... I cant think of one occasion where someone has responded to a chat attempt while I am on the laptop ... hmm , if anyone has ever attempted chat with me and got no response , then it is definite that the laptop has an issue . 
There is a war ... I keep returning to that ... although today the song which keeps running through my mind today is " Have you ever seen the rain " . 
Made the mistake of watching chocolat ... not a good fit at all tonight ... on the other hand though , every time I watch that film I want nothing more than to taste that hot chocolate ... I need to find out where in the world you get hot chocolate like that so I can arrange a holiday in order to test it . 
Tired : Cant Sleep ... 
Managed some sleep ; frequently broken but it adds up I guess . 
Had one strange dream ... I cant remember specifics now , but it was like some sort of crime/thriller movie , full of strange faces ... and in the dream , myself and someone else were attacked for some reason , and it just got freaky after that . 
The mind can create some really strange stories . 
To get up , or not to get up ... that is the question ... 
A busy morning ahead ... probably an extremely unpleasant start to the day considering the company I will be in . 
Never mind : Good laugh to be had tonight with a friend . 
Really lucid dream the other night . It was at once happy ( in a way ) , hopeful about the future , and yet there were problems ahead which suggested future pain ... in the dream there was acceptance of the possibilities ; they would be dealt with when they arrived , but for the moment at least , life was as it should be . 
It was so clear ... so real ... and yet so unreal . 
Will I sleep until my alarm wakes me ? I guess only time will tell ... 6:30 am wake up , so what time will I actually awaken ? Anyone wanna make a bet ? :) 
arg ... must move the laptop to the only available plug and thereby risk losing the internet connection ... I may end up studying without music for a bit :( 
For tonight , a Haiku from the 1800's . 
" Walking along the river 
With no bridge to cross -- 
The day is long " 
Little sleep to be had last night , but at least it forced me to get my off my ass and go for a run this morning ... now to get something to eat , a coffee and a shower and then I can go study ; a lot of reading to be done . 
On an unrelated topic , a fitting Haiku for the day : 
" Joyful at night 
tranquil during the day -- 
spring rain " 
For some wierd reason , I can no longer connect to the wireless network on my laptop ... and the coffee machine has no cups left ... head home soon ... dying of thirst :( 
When I did manage to sleep last night , I had such a pleasant dream ... it has almost faded now , but it was ( I think ) a perfect dream ... a pity reality refuses to live up to it :( 
Need sleep . Cant stop the wheels from turning . 
One Down ... time for " Stranger than Fiction " , one of the only Will Ferrell movies in which he does not actually annoy the hell out of me :) 
About flight : 
" More than anything else the sensation is one of perfect peace mingled with an excitement that strains every nerve to the utmost , if you can conceive of such a combination . " 
— Wilbur Wright 
Couldnt say it better myself . 
Wow , today is off to a really good start . Nice morning run at the beach , then I arrive home just as the postman arrives with thd DVD of springsteen at hyde park last year ... on with the surround sound , and time to grill some bacon :) 
Jogging the length of the beach and back again at 7am . I believe I will make this a regular thing ( on the weekends at least ) . Its a nice peaceful way to start the day . :) 
Was pleasantly surprised by the movie " the mechanic " . 
Tonights movie : The Thin Red Line . Simply an excellent movie . 
Arg , missed an arcade fire concert that was on MTV . Caught the last 5 minutes of it . 
Need to get tickets to see them at some point . 
To wrap up the day , a personal favorite is required . Perhaps not a christmas movie as such , but who can say no to " Grosse Pointe Blank " :) 
Good morning . Anyone else up for a run ? heh :) 
MERRY CHRISTMAS ALL ! 
Make it a good one :) 
How to reward myself for a good morning run ??? 
Why , with bacon , pancakes and egg ... thats how :) 
Battlestar Galactica series 4 ... I forgot how damned intense it was :) 
And he said " Wednesday shall be my day of rest " , and it was so . 
Guilty pleasures ... audrey hepburn in breakfast at tiffany's ... Never fails to improve the mood 
Happy new year to all :) 
wow , one odd dream after another and little sleep in between ... the mind is an odd place at times . May as well get up and go out for my run ... the weather sounds nice and stormy :) 
Forgot how great Do Wah Diddy Diddy was : Some songs are just made to cheer a person up :) 
Well , i have wondered for a while how long it would take me to get from centre to bucksburn on foot .... turns out its around 40 minutes ... i need a shower :) 
Finally making time to rewatch " Twilight Samurai " . Have it running on the desk top and it does not sound healthy at all . The DVD drive sounds like a sick goat ( not that I am sure what a sick goat sounds like ) . Fingers crossed it lasts the night cause I cant sleep and cant be assed getting out of bed , so the PC shall be my home theatre for the night ... what to watch next though , that is the question ... 
Hah , I have it ; " The Runner " , by Kings of Leon . Could not remember the name of the track for the life of me :) 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VN8SPSwOgN0 
Running late but what the hell ... looks like being a nice morning :) 
