Its over its all over . Im done now let a new era arise from the past . 
Briarley and the thoughts of an intellectual book that is both interesting and complex . Anyone have any suggestions please ? 
All religions , nearly all philosophers , and even a part of science testify to the unwearying , heroic effort of mankind desperately denying its contingency . Jacques Monod 
We cannot be rid of illusions . Illusion is our natural condition . Why not accept it ? 
Schopenhauer " What history relates is in fact only the long , heavy and confused dream of mankind . " 
Work is hectic 12 hour shift done and dusted bring on the next one . 
If theories of perception are constantly being evaluated and being remodeled does that imply that our own perception should be questioned and criticized at all times ? 
How far is truth susceptible of embodiment ? - that is the question , that is the experiment . Nietzche 
If you do things on a wim be prepared to face up to the consequences that follow it . I ate a quarter cup of pure 100% raw coffee beans in under 2 min and then continued to eat 1 mayonaise covered muffin and 2 other muffins along with 2 pieces of brocoalli covered in mayonaise and tomatoe sauce and a lemon slice . I won second place 3 pounds in my pocket . 
What women want . Really what do women want ? Anyone please some help . 
I am freezing , seems that I live in a freezer it can only get colder lol . 
Christmas is on my mind and how it is being mis-represented . Read my SocialInterview.com asked me " What do you wish for this Christmas ? " . 
In a life full of lemons , are we all to drink lemonade ? 
The government makes rules which other people are only able to follow without making decisions themselves . 
Thanks to everyone who said Happy Birthday to an old man . 
Lollipop , lollipop ohh loli , lollipop . 
Coco rocks !!! Some are hard and some are soft multigrain . 
I am the voice of your history . Be not afraid come follow me , answer my call and Ill set you free . 
As far as we can discern , the sole purpose of human existence is to kindle a light of meaning in the darkness of mere being . C.G. Jung Memories , Dreams , Reflections 
Why is the world full of zombies ? 
Procrastination is a killer !!!! 
Their not gonna get us , nothing can stop us now no I love you . 
La la la la la la la lah lah lah lah 
Hi ! 
Bye ! 
I have Christmas Temp job . I start on Tuesday woo . HMV is an awesome store . 
Dum da di do . Dum da di do da da . 
I am really bored now sitting in the library waiting to partake in a Psychological study lets hope I don’t give any anomalies . 
Question are you allowed to suspend students on the bases of free expression on a facebook group ? 
Not going to stop , not going to stop why wont you stop going to stop snap . 
The Primacy effect on my LTM is unfortunetly not allowing me to forget about what is happening tomorrow . Also the sheer fact that I am up this late writing a blog is just simply odd . 
I wish I was back in college lol . Never thought I would be saying that after having been there 3 years . 
Has had a sad realisation which only hit him last night :`( 
" http://www.youtube.com/v/GxjYpwoXN-w&hl=en_US&fs=1 & " 
In this next week I found out my future wish me luck . 
Killing in the name of !! 
........................................................................... 
So ends a persanol era 
Welcome all to curtain call . 
Guess what is the Christmas number 1 ? It starts with Killing and ends in the name of . 
Finance and revision . Never have I felt so much like an adult and acted like a child . Life sometimes just gives you lemons with no sugar or a juice maker . 
The heart stops changes circulation and floods the body . So ends the tyrrant that has driven the women he loves away . 
Life altering decisions are being taken tomorrow and for the rest of this week , which will affect my future . 
Old man hey , well Ill tell you something for nothing sonny . Back in my day we used to soak little wipper snappers like you with pure skill the saying goes you cant teach an old dog new tricks but my tricks are state of the art . :P . 
" Inside this fantasy , it seems so real to me , synthetic ecstasy , when her legs are open . True love behind a wall , where men and angels fall , a fading memory , when my mind is frozen . " 
I shouldnt have , made the mistake of opening my mouth , I thought you'd understand but I guess , that thinking doesn't count . 
So this is how it ends up ? Funny ........ 
Is wondering what is he going to do now ? 
" In one such study , the opening of a new international airport in a rural area outside Munich , Germany , created ideal conditions for a natural experiment addressing the effect of chronic environmental noise on childrens psychological stress . " 
So I am stubborn but by me admitting that would that not make me not stubborn ? 
Am I stubborn ? 
So much sugar , so much sugar falling into a sugar coema , far too much sugar . 
Fail night tonight . Mm someone have anything for me to do I feel like I am going to loose whats left of my already scattared mind . 
Suicide Silence ; Wake up most pointless song ever !!!!! 
Meadows of Heaven , anyone want to join me ? 
Having a complete mental break down . FUCK theres blood and tears everywhere . 
Oh magic 8 ball tell me your answer true . What does the future hold for me ? 
I`ve made a choice that I regret . Now what I see is what I get . 
with the pursuit of the beatific vision , with the Promethean madness that leads the greatest men to strive to become gods . Perhaps the only ultimate value of human life is to be found in this Promethean madness . But it is a value that is religious , not political , or even moral . Bertrand Russell 
Has anyone seen my zimoframe ? 
" Humans are like any other plague animal . They cannot destroy the Earth , but they can easily wreck the environment that sustains them . " 
Slept for all of 14 hours today mm I think I can do with some more . Good afternoon everyone . 
Science enables humans to satisfy their needs . It does nothing to change them . They are no different today from what they have always been . 
Woo the laptop is back and working as good as ever . The brotherly love is strengthened . 
Never thought I will write this but , Arsenal beat Liverpool 1-0 . Yes I actually sort of watched the match , in a pub with some friends . I am bowing my head in shame now ........ 
The Gym was fun and the night is still young I am off to work soon till 3am then who knows what tomorrow holds maybe I will even go back to gym ..... 
" Ultimate excellence lies not in winning every battle , but in defeating the enemy without ever fighting . " Master Sun 
I have so much paperwork to fill in " Damn you Bureaucracy " :( . 
Ok the sleeplessness is actually hitting me now . Thank goodness for Ginseng :) . 
Gym times coming my way again . Bring the burn . 
Mm should I wear my boxers and a tight shirt or should I wear my boxers and no shirt with a robe for work tonight ? 
Gym was fun , more tomorrow and I get to go to work in my PJ's . I hope reception offer sun glasses . 
" Gaia is suffering from Disseminated Primatemaia , a plague of people . " James Lovelock 
Next one done and dusted another 12 hours under my belt oh yeah 24 hours at work . 
My laptop gave me the BLUE SCREEN OF DEATH this morning after downloading a program . Damn virus you go to hell and you die . 
Found some old photos today . Also found an old quiz predicting how old I will be when I get married . The answer the quiz gave me was Never . So on that , note anyone else not have plans ? 
Feeling a tad tired today , but must go on :) . 
" Gaia , the physiologically regulated Earth , enjoyed proprioceptive global communication long before people evolved " . Margulis ; Straw Dogs 
" The skilful warrior does not rely on the enemy's not coming , but on his own preparedness . " Master Sun 
Sylosis were awesome . Annoying little kid with a big head kept on getting in our way . 
Sore and tired the best combination ever . Bring on the sparing tomorrow . 
May actually have to pay 1610 pounds for tuition to uni which I am taking a gap year from mm . 
Should really tidy his room , and edit his book . 
Compassion , empathy and kindness are not signs of weakness . Stubbornness , abusive behaviour and cruelty are signs of the weak . 
" Death to all but Metal . " " Butt Metal ? " " No ! Death to all but Metal . " " Yes as I said butt Metal . " " No !! your an idiot . " 
The meaning to life is one thing and once you have found it you cant live without out . So here is the question why find the meaning of life ? If you found it and lost it then surely there would be no reason for you to live . Logically then you should look for the meaning of life but never find it . Making your life a journey on an endless road to nowhere . 
Playing NAZI Zombies with Stephen on COD Modern Warfare till the early morning . Bring on round 14 :) . 
Is still poisoned from Sat . Great if this continues I am going to the doctor . 
Insert cheer here *...........* 
When you realize that everyone in the world is out for themselves it is time go cold inside . 
I think I am on emergency tax this sucks :( . 
Realizing life can throw curve balls makes me think you can only swing the bat , and hope you hit . 
Innervision and Labradoodles , snakes and fragile dreams . 
Light consumed by darkness , life smothered by death . The earth spins whether we die or live . We achieve great things only because we know our life is limited and ends . ( Kalvin ) 
Needs participants for a social experiment he wants to do on humans any volunteers ? 
Never , ever , ever , ever doing what I did last night ever , ever . Thank you Alan it was a good 18th . My turn next to show you a night out :) . 
One toy soldier keeps the beat of the marching band inside . To battle we go , to wage war , leaving destruction behind . One toy soldier keeps the beat of the marching band inside . ( Kalvin ) 
Has had a very long day 3 hours sleep from work ( 3:40 am ) to go to work ( 9:00 am ) till 7pm then gym till 9pm then home now time for descent night sleep of more than 3 hours . 
Keep Calm , Carry On 
Watching Skins for the second time , you never know I may have missed something ....... 
Trivium was awesome , also to be fair I need to go to Koko on a Wed it looks awesome . P.S. Happy St Pantricks Day . 
Trying out my webcam anyone have any suggestions what I should talk about ? 
Really interested in R3nD3ir right now and the video responses ppl make to his videos . 
Wondering when the pictures of Friday night are going to be put up ? 
Knows his fate and now must carry on living . Bring it on 2010 you dont have anything on me anymore . 
" Though He seem so good and kind , fair exteriors oft will hide hearts , that swell with lust and pride ! " Gypsy ; The Monk . 
Is having to pay 1610 pounds to Uni . * sigh * looks like 2 jobs just wont cut it time to look for another one :( . 
Feeling better today no hangover or anything but my stomach hates me for some strange reason . 
Needs to ask for a week off from both jobs . I am loosing wieght at an extremely alarming rate . The saying working yourself to death has never had so much meaning . 
A Puppet Master sits in a dim lit room . His heart strings plucked ; warm in her cold hands . He mutters " Why ? " She does not reply . Her face pale in disgust as she pulls the strings the Puppet Master moves . The puppet has become the master of her own show . –Kalvin– 
Thus starts another era of greatness . Those who choice to stand in the way of greatness will be vanquished like the enemies of the past . 
Reading yes good night . Thank you to everyone who came and to those who cant remember a thing :) . 
i want a hockey stick up my arse 
Waiting for the results of last night is a tad nerve wrecking no one judge me :) . 
Is going to edit his book and read some more on the secrets arts . 
When life gives you a hockey stick use it to buise the person who gave it to you . 
Would like to apologize to everyone for last night . J2O are now my only drinking friends in terms of consumption . 
Starting to finally feel better . A week later damn my immune system . 
As a peon once said to me " work , work " . 
Wondering why he keeps on forgetting what days he is in . 
Is starting to feel really ill , great bring on the recovering where is my cough mixture ? 
Beep .. ``` .. Beep .. ``` .. Beeeeeeeeep ......................... 
" What happens when the music stops ? " " Lets make sure it doesnt . " 
So , so , so ill . I have produced more mucus than a lamma . 
Feels really sick :( . 
My feet are really sore from all the standing and work mm . 3 more weeks then I can slow down :D . 
Its been a week since my last Facebook status update . Does anyone else sense I am not long for this world ? 
Being tied to dead wood will only take you down with it , sever the bond . -Kalvin- 
Its nearly over now . What to do with my free time ? P.s. My makeup wont come off well the eye liner and such :( . 
Life is like a building . You need a sound foundation and infrastructure to be able to live in it . -Kalvin- 
Was just in a car crash with Aron ........... 
Still ill how can this be ? I need some chicken soup you know who you are :P . 
We are as free and safe as birds in cages . -Kalvin- 
Is missing something in his life , but not sure what it is ............. 
Its only them coming from all directions walking all over me again and again ; Pain . 
Rise of the fallen !!!! -Soulfly- 
Needs to get certain days off work mm . 
We only show what we want others to see not what is really there . -Kalvin- 
Is tempted to learn Gaelic mm . 
More Ice Cream !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! And add tanning :) . 
Good night cruel world , the underworld awaits the coming of my dying body . 
Owes some individuals an apology . 
Just watched the video I made , anyone who has not seen it yet check it out if you get a chance . Its on my facebook vidoes . 
" No cure when you bleed , no cure when you breathe " , Pain ; Crashed 
Does anyone know where I can get some fresh ripe Pineapples please ? 
" Emotion , which is suffering , ceases to be suffering as soon as we form a clear and precise picture of it . " " Affectus , qui passio est , desinit esse passio simulatque eius claram et distinctam formamus ideam . " By : Spinoza in Ethics . 
I have worked so much this week so far and it has just started . Oh well keeps me busy , also now missing not eating Lia cupcakes :( . 
Ice Cream !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
:) 
I am ill and at home drinking med lemon mm . P.s. in note to my previous as in second to last update there are now too many games apps on facebooks right hand side . 
Is thinking about work * scratches head * 
Just woke up . MM 15 hours sleep finally feeling like myself lol . 
Is thinking of all the ways in which to attack a particular someone , mm . Anyone have any ideas :P ? 
Damn Mexico try harder next time and stop kicking for the sky the goals were in-front of you not 6 feet above you !! 
Bad times . 
Nazi Zombies you complete my life :) . 
Ladies night tonight at Liquid we can all guess whats going to happen ; sausage fest anyone ? 
Is clean with a lion like mane . Bring on work . 
Is so tired should go to bed . In fact thats what I am going to do . Bracing myself for Monday already . " The enemy has got a face . He`s called Satan . And we`re going to destroy him . " Lt Colonel Gareth Brandl . 
Tickets are booked Jamie owes me a lot of money . 
MM to sleep or not to sleep , or better yet wiat what mind mangle . 
Like a Fella once said aint that a kick in the head . 
Has successfully completed half my cabin now for the next stages and the more finer detail . 
Does not know how to feel meh sums it up best . 
Funny status done . Sleep time now . 
Just cycled an estimated 25 Miles today so work in an hour :) . 
Finds it rather frustrating when planning a night out and people cancel at the last minute ; or I have to ring them up to ask if they are coming . Since when did I become a parent ? 
Why does it feel like my life is so much harder and trial filled than everyone elses ? 
" I wont let you choke , on the noose around your neck . " Mumford & Sons ; The Cave 
Has Manned Up ! 
Is this close ( shows with fingers ) to genuinely joining a dating site . This is a new low :( . 
In times of anxiety and stress I find sanity in isolation . -Kalvin- 
Epic BBQ last night . End of the night all of us sitting around like bums . 
Wonders sometime ; " If you could go back in time what would you change ? " Let me know . 
Needs to start putting things into motion and get back on track :) . Come on 2011 I am getting older and none the wiser . 
If emotions could be put into words , and words bottled up like emotions ; humanity would be far less human . -Kalvin- 
As I sit in my room looking at the wall . I realize that the organ we call the heart ; no longer exists within an entity which no longer feels . -Kalvin- 
My life is yet again being contemplated on . Shall I do something drastic or simply go by unnoticed . 
is the Lone Wolf ....... 
Great and now I am ill at home , fun , fun , fun . Off to the hospital to get some blood work and x-rays done . 
Owes people an apology and needs some self reflection . 
Had a really good time in Coventry I shall see you again in December when I go to see Pendulum . 
When you accept that you are weird you stop over thinking your actions and just do it . 
Home from Liquid time for bed . 
Taste of Choas was EPIC ! So much squishing , so much good times . 
Its another Tuesday and this time I am reading , Man`s Search For Meaning . 
Tiny bit disappointed , however there is still hope :) . 
21 now whats next ? 
is ill at home listening to folk melodic death metal . 
Worries sometimes what his friends write on his facebook , for everyone to see . 
I <3 rape ! yippeee 
" The prisoner who had lost faith in the future - his future - was doomed . " pg 82 , Man`s Search For Meaning , Viktor E . Frankl 
Bored at home ............ 
Scott Pilgrim VS The World was epic . Awesome night out . 
Stretching .......... 
Wow what an awesome two days at Alton Towers . I am really going to miss it and I do mean really . 
Thinking of where I put my GBE so that I can play Pokemon mmmm . 
Tonight is all about the Pheromones . 
" And the sound goes boom whatcha gonna do ? " by Dope . 
Its sad that we are all going to die alone and probably end up alone .... Look on the bright side though ; the sun rises every morning to wake us . " The dreams in which I'm dying are the best I have ever had " 
All those who enter these hollowed halls enter through the gates of the damned . 
Road trip suckers see you all some time . P.S. there are far too many single women adds on facebook . 
Sleepy times me thinks . 
Would like to go somewhere anywhere . Could someone give me a direction ? 
Had a pretty good couple of days in Portsmouth . There is still more to come and I cant wait :) . 
Is re-discovering why I work so much ; and needs to find something to fill this empty space in my life :( . 
Nom Nom at 4:30 am . Because I am that cool :D . 
Has had a very enjoyable night out with Kieran Collins , Anthony , Becky and Rebeckah . Most embarresing moments in our lives ? 
RJ Burger your series better damn well continue I want to know what happens with Lily . 
No one shall beat me lol . 
RAPEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE 
I wish my Moobs were bigger !..... then I could motorboat myself and leave my girlfriend alone 
" When a new day reaches dawn . I feel it's worth the wait , but I tumble and I fall . When up against my fate . " Kamelot , Rule The World 
Where has my weekend gone ? Oh well bring on the week a head ........ 
How my display pics have becomes progressively worse . 
Walkies soon . 
Illness I compel thee to leave me be . 
Is certain he placed a new sentence on here yesterday * scratches head * . 
Has recently realised how many peoples lives he has touched and how many court cases await . 
No pictures taken not impressed :( . 
Feels like he is loosing his sanity , oh wait here it is in the jar labelled insanity . 
" The dreams in which Im dying are the best I have ever had " . 
" He says you die alone and in this case his right " . 
Dads statement " Eat the melon , its going off " Thank you dad . 
Silly Avon stuff arrive so I can go to sleep . 
" The heart is hard to find " Jimmy Eat World 
Work , work I look forward to seeing you . 
You know your old when your 15 year old sister does not know what Mad Max is . 
Has had epic night out with Kieran Collins , Jonothan Kilkie , Sam Njinja , Hayley and Kristen . We shall most definately grace reading again with our presence . 
Tired now and work a head of me mm . 
Depression please leave me alone before I get a restraining order . 
One day gone another to come . One mans existence does not stop nor affect the flow of time . 
Had epic night out with Sam , and Aneil guys that was epic . We shall do it again soon . 
" The ultimate similarity between Marxist and bourgeois optimism , despite the initial catastrophism of the former , is , in fact , the most telling proof of the unity of modern culture " . Reinhold Niebuhr 
