need someone to talk to i had a horrible night call the cell 
invitations are out one less thing to worry about :D 
you dont wanna know ... 
if you hear rumbling in the sky its not thunder ... its elvis kicking micheals ass for banging his daughter ! 
sick baby running on 4 hours of sleep in the past 48 hours - shes asleep finally therefor if you call and wake me up i just may hunt your ass down ! lol 
is seriousially annoyed ! 
shots = mad maddie 
i seriousially cant remember ANYTHING anymore 
it sucks choosing between happiness and money ... especially in this economy bah ! 
22 tomorrow ! cant believe it i feel like i was just 17 last week its crazy 
guess whose birthday it is today ? 
3 days till im 22 ... ugh 
screams 
i want cake and i dont wanna wait till the 14th for it ! 
in your darkest hour you find out who your real friends are - your brightest hour does the same , only difference is you cant forgive them when its your ' brightest ' hour ... theres no mean or reason 
happy mother fucking birthday to me - NOT ! 
Blah 
i love the fact that the size 11 jeans are getting looser everyday :D goodbye baby weight i wont miss you lol 
maddies such a pig ! a cute pig tho :D 
lost ten pounds in 5 weeks i love having a gym membership ! only 5 pounds to go :D 
i miss my sexy tummy :( so close yet so far away ! blah ! 
One more day One more time One more sunset , maybe Id be satisfied But then again I know what it would do Leave me wishing still , for one more day with you 
3 months old ans she can already roll over to her tummy ? my baby got skillz lol 
feeding maddie then off 2 the gym :D 
baby nails are sharp 
BORED 
3 weeks and 5 days till my wedding ! Well , my OTHER wedding lol 
Its depressing how quickly my babys growing ... tomorrow shell be going to prom :( 
The day you slipped away Was the day I found it won't be the same 
do you remember when going to the fair was actually FUN ? 
i just realized none of my mothers FIVE kids have the same last name anymore ... weeeeeeeired lol 
wishes the notes on facebook had a preffered list setting like myspace ... ide rather only my close friends be able to have access to my personal thoughts 
why does my grandmother only own dogs i want to shoot ? 
ugh to much to do ! 
how do i always get the box of hair dye that has the WRONG color inside ? i just wanted my ends to match my roots and now i have black hair .... AGAIN ! ugh 
brunette again ... kinda :( i think i made it worce haha 
please god let friday not have rain i beg of you otherwise im out a grand ! :( 
even the best fall down sometimes 
isnt this economy fabulous ? 
maddies two month shots have put her to sleep ! she slept 12 hours last night and has just slept another 4 so far ... is this normal ladies ? 
TOMORROW !!!! 
sad her brothers leaving tomorrow :( 
ive officially the whole using the bathroom while holding a baby thing lol i can now use the bathroom while feeding a baby ha ha 
bridal shower today and unless your on your death bed your asses better be there 
is getting really annoyed that theres 18 days left till shes gotta give the final head count to the hall and everyone keeps forgetting to rsvp ... now i gotta go out of my way to call everyone and just mark what they want to eat down ... as if planning a we 
tell maddie to stop growing ! 
is extremely impatient 
i wanna be a power ranger 
ATTN : my name is sooo the longest ... its so long facebook wouldnt even approve it ! Megan Amanda Lynne Hryniowiecki Cook .... i seriousially dare you to beat that ! humph 
Pooped 
EUGH ! 
everything tasted so much better when i was pregnant . : sighs : . 
cant take it anymore 
its to hot to sleep with a comforter and to cold to sleep with a sheet ... fall is my favorite season but ide give anything to SLEEP ! haha 
My lil bugger is so damn cute its not fair how pretty she is :D 
is soooo not looking forward to this bridal shower .... 
do you know whats sad ? if i get a job i STILL wouldnt be able to afford daycare ... theres something seriousially wrong with that system . getting a job shouldnt hurt you finacialy . work on that obama ! 
apparently rolling around on the floor is more fun that anything else ... why didnt i think of this sooner ? 
madison can crawl :D 
wants Gloria Jeans 
go packers ! 
my baby is three months old and just now grew out of her newborn clothes and entered 0-3 mo yet shes just as tall as her 6mo old cousin ... i should get this kid into modeling shes tall and skinny already lol 
just got a credit card in the mail in MADISONS name ... seriousially ? lol 
... thats karma for you ... 
facebook : you really suck ass sometimes 
job interview then gym hopefully - anytime fitness , i love you haha 
best husband ever ! :D 
TIARED ! Maddies Mad 
AcT yOuR aGe PeOpLe 
doesnt undertsnad the captions on pics that say ' i look ugly ' or anything along those lines ... why put them up if you dont like them ? why are poeple that desperate for compliments ? 
is starting her baker square adventures very very soon ! :( 
trying to figure out why i thought buying my husband a ps3 AND madden 10 was a good idea 
dopóki nie spotkamy si ? ponownie , kocham ci ? i t ? skni ? za tob ? 
xoxo 
dude 
just annoyed with life 
i wish you were here 
<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3 
NEVER AGAIN ! 
wishes men would warn us when there gonna be assholes ... itd be nice to plan my day accordingly ! 
TiArEd AnD pIsSeD 
the time has come to get a playpin ... maddie somehow found her way under the bed shes getting to good at this rolling thing 
didnt we JUST finish high school .... what the hell happened ? lol 
. : screams : . really ? REALLY ! 
i want maddie to stop growing so fast i feel like i just had her and shes 4 1/2 months old :( 
i miss my mustang ... and driving with the top down in the pouring rain eating a blizzard .... o heather how much fun we have haha 
if you cant say anything nice then dont say anything at all ... such an old saying but still HIGHLY appropriate dont you think ? 
finally has hair thats all one color ... SCORE ! lol 
I GOT THE JOB ! :D 
is amazed that so many people are just that stupid ... 
off to work to shadow a girl - hopefully today she shows me something i DONT already know how to do . Thatd be fabulous lol . At least im getting paid , right ? Gotta go wake up Madison now sadly 
mmm baby poop fuuuuun 
need something to doooooo 
she wakes me up at 8am only to pass out again at nine and still be asleep at 1 in the afternoon ... lucky baby :( 
i could kiss whoever started anytime fitness 
maddie now says ma ma ma ma and ba ba ba ba ! shes to cute ! :D <3<3<3 
dear afrin - i love you 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Heather Boyd !!! <3<3<3<3<3 :D 
mike maddie and edward cullen - cant forget edward cullen !!! haha 
she left a note and said im sorry i had a bad day again . she slammed the door and said im sorry i had a bad day again . she swears theres nothing wrong i hear her play that same old song . she had a bad day again she said i would not understand ... 
dear god : thank you - i finally get it 
dont wanna go !!! 
dear 4th tuesday - i hate you . 
your so independent - you just refuse to bend so i keep bending till i break 
baaaah 
mother trucker stupid fudger 
i want $700 
its been one year today ive been married ! :D 
Can't you see that you lie to yourself ? You can't see the world through a mirror It won't be too late when the smoke clears ' Cause I , I am still here 
hump hump hump your not old enough for that ! lol 
t ? skni ? za tob ? babcia 
What do you want from me ? I have given all I can I don't know what it's gonna take Can you make me understand ? What do you want from me ? Is it just no use to try ? I don't know what it's gonna take Because I've no more tears to cry 
wooooork neeeeed COFFEE !!! <3<3<3 
interveiew today and another tomorrow , wish me luck ! < ~ nerd 
are you swimming or crawling ? 
i feel the need to scream SILENCE I KILL YOU ! booooooooze 
REALLY ? 
i cant breath ! ugh ! 
lalalaaaa 
any lady who is bored come into state of mind in crown point and get something done i need models ( you only pay like 15% of the cost ) DO IT ! otherwise i will be sitting there begging for the day to end ! im there till 6 
got reminded today why most my friends are BOYS ! what the french toast ? 
oh work how i hate waking up at 8am for you 
hate is a strong word BUT !!! 
What do you want from me ? I have given all I can I don't know what it's gonna take Can you make me understand ? What do you want from me ? Is it just no use to try ? I don't know what it's gonna take Because I've no more tears to cry 
what a week ... it needs to end ... 
if you werent so cute ide be annoyed with my 5 hours of sleep but you are so its all good :D 
work ugh ! cant wait till training is over and i can start working a normal schedule not this 45 hours a week crap ..... i made it home in JUST enough time to kiss Maddie goodnight ! not cool , man ! NOT COOL ! lol 
maddies sleeping and im goin 2 cuddle with eclipse :D 
i want a million dollars 
I'm falling apart , I'm barely breathing With a broken heart that's still beating In the pain , there is healing In your name I find meaning So I'm holdin ' on , I'm holdin ' on , I'm holdin ' on I'm barely holdin ' on to you 
Dear Heather : The babys going on the roof , but dont worry ill make sure to strap her down and make her warm ... 
who loves orange soda ? 
there ain't no rest for the wicked , Money don't grow on trees . I got bills to pay , I got mouths to feed , There ain't nothing in this world for free . I know I can't slow down , I can't hold back , Though you know , I wish I could . No there ain't no rest for the wicked , Until we close our eyes for good 
the only days my husband and i have together weve sat around waiting .... we wont get another full day together untill easter - lovely . 
But you don't love me anymore You don't want me anymore There's a sign on your door No vacancy , just emptiness Without your love I'm homeless 
Sore ... Cuz its not Christmas without a little wrestling . haha 
SILENCE >.< i kill you 
dear world - stop kicking my friends in the ass ! 
the middle school called - they want there drama back :D 
how the hell do you spell geico ? geiko ? im lost 
I'm so sick of the tension Sick of the hunger Sick of you acting like I owe you this Find another place to feed your greed While I find a place to rest 
off to work .... and hopefully coming home to some good news - i love you ! 
friday is waaaaay to soon ! 
Maddie never tried to crawl .... she just magically did it one day .... she never tried to stand .... today she just magically stood up .... she JUST started crawling like 2 weeks ago she seriousially needs to slow this growing thing down ! lol 
jaw droppingly wooooow 
hate is a strong word but i really really really dont like you 
some of us get older and some of us get younger ... im grateful to be in the ' older ' catagory ! 
I'm so sick of the tension Sick of the hunger Sick of you acting like I owe you this Find another place to feed your greed While I find a place to rest 
ohh joy maddie has figured out how to spit .... it would be so cute if she wasnt aiming at me ! haha 
okay , lets stop being difficult and just take lifes freaking lemons 
i like you - you have balls - i like balls 
i call a time out - theres no time outs in life - well , there should be ! lol 
lifes tought - get a helmet ! 
Captain Planet , he's our hero Gonna take pollution down to zero He's our powers magnified And he's fighting on the planet's side Captain Planet , he's our hero Gonna take pollution down to zero Gonna help him put asunder Bad guys who like to loot and plunder 
Our hearts are hungry for a food that won't come we could make a feast from these crumbs and we're all staring down the barrel of a gun so if your life flashed before you what would you wish you would've done 
maddie makes vampire noises :-/ 
MEGAN : sexy fox sex meghan cool hot amazing girl awesome cute beautiful funny bitch slut vagina pretty gorgeous vegan smart nice friend perfect ..... so im a slutty vegan ? AWESOME ! lol 
A girl that is very stubborn but at the same time can be the greatest friend on the planet . She loves pizza and is absolutley gorgeous . She is loved by everybody and is fucking hilarious ! 
lifes tough - get a helmet ..... WHERES MY DAMN HELMET ? 
i find it funny seeing statuss from people saying they dont care about the superbowl .... you obviousially do otherwise it wouldnt be your status .... logic ? 
We were the kings and queens of promise We were the victims of ourselves Maybe the children of a lesser god Between heaven and hell 
my corn has failed me ! 
who wants to go to work for me ? 
teether = frisbee 
am i the only one who thinks its just down right creepy for an ex to be walkiing around wearing a bunch of shit you gave them ? do they not own anything of there own and why the hell did you guys let me date these creepers !? as women we look at the crap they gave us and think of them .... im really creeped out ... please dont be thinking of me please dont be thinking of me ! ahhhh hahaha 
DAMMIT ! just as we get used to the changes they do it again ! 
Mam wszystkie ive czeka ? i nie mog ? em prosi ? o wi ? cej 
its seriously annoying getting calls at 6am .... like i need to know my neices and nephews have a 2 hour delay or what not ? booo 
did you know you could have resolved all your problems in the time its taking you to complain about them ? 
Megan : im spending to much time on facebook Chris : agreed Megan : so im looking for suggestions on how to cut back Chris : welll i think ... Megan NOT FROM YOU ! from my facebook friends ... 
HEATHE WERE BECOMING EXTINCT ! NOOOOO 
9 hour day at work .... thank god i love what i do :D 
i want cake 
It's easier to run Replacing this pain with something numb It's so much easier to go Than face all this pain here all alone 
babies .... they make you stupid ... ive been confused a LOT lately hahaha 
dear weather : i dont care what you do , just make up your damn mind already ! 
men suck .... really bad .... really really bad .... really really REALLY bad ! yep 
i love walking into my family room seeing somone passed out on my couch ... at least i knew this one and at least i was wearing clothes .... ahh memories BAHHAHA 
some say holding on makes you strong .... i believe it takes much more strength to just let go ... 
some people say they cant cut there hair or tweeze there eyebrows because thats what god gave them ..... i say god gave you armpit and leg hair to so why the hell can you shave that ?! 
I want cake .... 
nie potrzebuj ? ? eby i ?? do pracy 
loves 2 hour meetings on her day off .... i know grandma REALLY loves them lol NOT ! Bah humbug 
feels like getting some work done and so she is sitting down until the feeling passes . 
lmao stupid non freak ! 
Heather Boyd Put this on your status and see how your friends respond : If you know me well , you know that I am __________ , I love _____________ and I can't stand ___________ . 
February special at the nail studio is a pedicure and no chip mani combo for only 59$ ! What are you waiting for ? Call and make your appointment today ! ( 219 ) 661-8200 and did i mention that the french upgrade is free this month ? 
seriously ? 
theres something about making over 200 dollars for only working 7 hours doing something you love with people you like that makes you wanna dance ! . : sigh : . i love my job :D 
i want to grab my dog and scream about how fluffy she is ... just sayin lol 
New shellac colors are in ! Im like a child in a toy store :) 
I would like my Facebook friends to comment on this status sharing how you met me . But I want you to LIE ... That's right , just make it up . After you comment , copy this status so I can do the same . I bet half won't read the instructions right ! 
dont get me wrong i love my nieces and nephews to death but im about to put them on the roof ! 17 is just to many ! lol 
after over a year of going through the house buying process we come one day before our closing date getting told everythings done but wait we have to re-inspect the toilet because the handle is broken .... ive lost houses for leaky basements curled roofs and broken septic tanks but come on ! a toilet handle ? really ? 
WHERE THE FUCK IS MY .... found it lol 
Tuesday = moving day ! 
i love it when you click something on facebook and it decides to post it on all your friends walls ... thank you for announcing every move i make facebook glad to know privacy does not exist :) 
tonight is the night that two become one .... aww miss them <3 
every song ive heard by the script sounds like a song i could have written ... who wants to buy poor lil ol ' me the cd for a housewarming present ? 
attention former jane ball students : i recently found out that the house i bought was bought off of nurse tasha ... our little world is to damn small ! 
ohh how i miss my acreage :( 
Let's see who truly reads my statuses . You and I wake up in a psychiatric ward together . Using FOUR words only , what would you say to me ? NOTE : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I can comment on yours as well . Be good and play along . 
in the future if i ever own a house with a basement remind me to soundproof EVERYTHING ! lol 
SOOOOO stoked for Kristie Michele Trevino to pop out that lil bun so this auntie can start spoiling lil DJ ! Hows that for a mothers day present ? :) 
what are we going to do tonight brain ? 
My blessings My faults I've learned all the lessons That cannot be taught Any abuses That I've brought No more excuses I want a new start 
Cookie , kocham ci ?. 
I'll be your crying shoulder , 
I'll be love's suicide 
I'll be better when I'm older , 
I'll be the greatest fan of your life 
I don't think anyone will get this right at all :P My name . My birthday . My shoe size . My best friends . My favorite color . My eye color . My dads name . My moms name . My middle name . My worst fear . Put this as your status and see who knows you best 
Demons with there horns and fangs steal from you then call you names ... 
joy . the irs is stating my name is neither cook or hryniowiecki .... i love not existing . i also love that wells fargo lent me over 100,000 just a few short months ago to buy a house when im not a real person . its pretty bad when you have to ask what your name is . 
My letter is Q 
things i like : quiet Q101 quotes lol 
things i dont like : quick sand ? lmao 
someone i know : no one 
something sad : uhh dude no haha 
Like my status and i will give you a letter :) 
cut my hair . omg . 
i dont care what they say im in love with you they try to pull me away but they dont know the truth ... 
cant believe in 2 weeks ill be 24 . i swear i just turned 20 where are the years going ? 
want to find out who your real friends are ? have a baby , then count . youd be surprised who lets you down 
. : lalala i cant hear you ! : . XD 
im way to young to feel this damn old 
wow im feeling old ! 
got a foot massage from maddie - awesome ! 
bbq w.de hb :D 
Dear alero : I hate you :D 
awake at 7 am on my day off to go in for a meeting while maddie gets to sleep - so wrong on so many levels my friends 
wow ... i officially have the imagination movers theme song memorized ... time for some adult time ! lol 
Tell my mother , tell my father I've done the best I can To make them realize this is my life , I hope they understand I'm not angry , I'm just saying Sometimes goodbye is a second chance 
What the french toast ? 
Does anyone remember the quiznos hamsters besides me dammit !? 
I don't care what they say , I'm in love with you They try to pull me away but they don't know the truth My heart's crippled by the vein that I keep on closing 
i need a vaca ! 
by saying your not going to do something , arent you kinda ... ya know ? doing something !? 
i just realized i have a three-head instead of a four head .... that explains a lot hahaha 
Congrats June Haake ! 
why is it that when you get those 3 days in a row off the more excited you are about them the more they suck ? im even more stressed out now than i was BEFORE the break . time to cash in on some personal days ... 
Wathing two jackasses fight ... awesome ! :) 
To all of you assholes driving on cline slow the fuck down the speed limit is 30 & yes that IS a stop sign ! 
Pizza rolls for breakfast . Yuuum ! Haha 
i worked really hard to get rid of all the drama in my life but it just keeps coming back like diaper rash 
dear cell phone : i fucking hate you .... it has officially croaked 
anyone else thing that 2010 is cursed ? 
They say bad things happen for a reason But no wise words gonna stop the bleeding ' Coz she's moved on while I'm still grieving And when a heart breaks no it don't break even 
not looking forward to being at work for 10 hours tomorrow now that ive had 3 days off lol 
how depressing ... my dream home just came on the market and its 25,000 more than we have been approved for . not cool man . 
one step closer and two steps back . time for cake . 
A coyote crossed my path on broadway just now good luck or bad ? 
I need refferals bad ! Call state of mind and make an appointment w.me! 15 dollars off :D 
its amazing how many times in one day the words ' what the ... ' come out of our mouths and of course the constipated/dumbfounded expression 
Ive got openings for mani and pedis today . 15 dollars off ! Call state of mind like NOW ! 
i know what i want and i wont settle for anything less .... all or nothing ... i choose all 
im tiared of looking at houses .... i found the bathroom i want the kitchen i want the closet i want and the fireplace i want .... all in different houses ... i need to just win the lottery and build what i want ;p 
its days like these i want to crush the alero :D 
I ? m riding on the back of this pressure Guessing that it ? s better I can ? t keep myself together Because all of this stress gave me something to write on The pain gave me something I could set my sights on 
6 more days till my babys a year old ! My little taurus is growing up to fast ! :D 
dear life , i need a break so pause time while i take like a 5 hour nap fallowed by 2 hours of snuggling with my little girl .... im not sure which is less realistic . stopping time or my little girl actually SNUGGLING lol 
my husbands only competition is a fictional vampire ... :D 
im in charlie brown teacher mode - thats all im hearing ! lol 
No longer the lost No longer the same And I can see you starting to break I'll keep you alive If you show me the way Forever - and ever The scars will remain I'm falling apart Leave me here forever in the dark 
Ohh maddie 170 bucks spent at the zoo for your birthday ... And it rained ... Ouch lol 
ohh block button how i love you 
wishes she could turn her brain off for a day . temporary amnesia ? life needs a pause button . 
Waiting for the end to come Wishing I had strenght to stand This is not what I had planned It’s out of my control Flying at the speed of light Thoughts were spinning in my head So many things were left unsaid It’s hard to let you go I know what it takes to move on I know how it feels to lie All I wanna do is trade this life for something new Holding on to what I haven’t got 
Cant believe my babys a year old today 
Someone come in here n get something done im bored ! 15 dollars off if you calll in and ask 4 me 2day ! Anyone ! Lol 
Im curious how some waitresses keep there jobs when they suck ass at it ! Thats twice in 24 hrs ive gotten shitty service . Noooot goin out 2 eat 4 a while . 
Anyone want a mani/pedi today ?! Call state of mind ! 
i like big butts and i cannot lie .... 
lifes to short to learn from your own mistakes 
how much trouble do you think i could get into if i put some nails in the road in front of my house ? if you think about it if your actually going the speed limit and not 20 miles OVER youd be able to go around them .... no ? 
why is there a limit on tagging ? its sad that i had to wrirte the same note 4 times just to get my point across but hey - at least my point is across hahaha 
. : blink : . really ? 
neice or nephew number 15 on the way - i might as well start saving for christmas now haha 
So what if it hurts me ? So what if I break down ? So what if this world just throws me off the edge My feet run out of ground I gotta find my place I wanna hear myself Don’t care about all the pain in front of me Cause I’m just trying to be happy 
when life gets tough you can always count on family .... to make it worce ! 
these 2 days off are never long enough ! 
I am one happy packers fan ! 
i hate it when people say one thing yet do another ... JUST PICK ONE ! not that hard peeps geeeeeeze lol 
for a moment i was excited for my day off then i remembered i have an hour meeting at 9 and a half hour meeting at 1 so im not really ' off ' on my day off BOOO ! 
So tell me when you hear my heart stop 

You're the only one that knows 
Tell me when you hear my silence 
There's a possibility I wouldn't know 
So tell me when my sigh is over 
You're the reason why I'm closed 
Tell me when you hear me falling 
There's a possibility it wouldn't show 
i suddenly feel like im in an alternative universe - when did hockey get cool ? 
bored out of mind ! 
Captain Planet , he's our hero 
Gonna take pollution down to zero 
He's our powers magnified 
And he's fighting on the planet's side 
Captain Planet , he's our hero 
Gonna help him put asunder 
Bad guys who like to loot and plunder 
i dont care i dont care ... if you really didnt care it wouldnt be your status lol thank you facebook for the entertainment now off to deal with stuff actually worth a shit 
ok seriousially if your on a damn crotch rocket going 15 mph UNDER the speed limit driving on the edge of the road you have no right to get pissed when the people behind you try going around you . just because your balls hurt doesnt give you the right to act like an ass . drive the speed limit and in the actual road and no one will feel the need to go around you . 
You promise me the sky Then toss me like a stone You wrap me in your arms And chill me to the bone There's truth in your lies Doubt in your faith All I've got's what you didn't take 
just bought our first house ! as long as the inspection goes good come september 10 well be in our new home ! 
Why is the thing you need to do always the hardest ? 
i miss the days when our biggest worry was what movie we were going to watch at the thearter - ya know , when it used to only cost 5.25 haha 
why cant we just have the rain ? 
get over yourself goodbye 
thats it ! im moving to alaska ! im soooo not a summer person ! 
the sweat the blood and the tears all become worth it when you run into my arms . 
i can see why people pour booze into there coffee on mornings like this lol 
buying a house = annoying as all hell .... 
what ide give for one day of silence ! lol 
What do you want from me ? I have given all I canI don't know what it's gonna take Can you make me understand ? What do you want from me ? Is it just no use to try ? I don't know what it's gonna take Because I've no more tears to cry 
I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired 
Ide soooo stab u with my cuticle nippers right now but thats not part of my 12 step program 
uuuuuuuugh forclosures suck ! 
Picking up my copy of eclipse ! :D 
just shut the fuck up and take the god damn lemons 
Thx ! 
I still need 8 people this month . Who wants a free manicure ?! 
last night the shooter is apparently on the street next to mine and today hes apparently ON mine ... well i guess if im gonna die im gonna die ... poop 
Not even a homeowner yet and already had my first robbery ... Hopefully my last too ! Lol 
. : screams : . 
Why cant life be simple ? I could use a little simplicity right about now <3 
If u dont like someone dont talk to them . Is it really that fucking hard ? Drama drama drama grow the hell up already 
2,500 sq ft house + 1 window unit = me sleeping in the kitchen ..... cant wait for fall ! 
Just heard the best quote ever . A happy wife is a happy life . Wow ! 
mwahahaha 
ohh ' hide ' button how i love you :D 
i love when you come across someones profile and realize they deleted you ... who has enough time to scan through and delete people ? how bored can you be ? 
fuck it 
i hate 2 hour meetings that take place right before your 9 hour shift after your child was up all night . this day is never going to end ! 
Hope dangles on a string Like slow spinning redemption Winding in and winding out The shine of it has caught my eye And roped me in So mesmerizing , so hypnotizing I am captivated I am Vindicated I am selfish I am wrong I am right I swear I'm right I swear I knew it all along And I am flawed But I am cleaning up so well I am seeing in me now the things you swore you saw yourself 
ive decided all my friends need to have babies already just so they know how much it changes your life then maybe , just maybe , theyd appreciate how much you manage to do for them all while working full time and raising a 1 year old lol 
i hate money . i hate it with a passion . 
i think my hands are over exfoliated ... if thats possible lol 
Dinner with my love being served by the best waitress ever ! :D 
its either to much or not enough - lifes not fair - get over it 
Please come now I think I'm falling Holding on to all I think is safe It seems I've found the road to nowhere And I'm trying to escape I yelled back when i heard thunder But I'm down to one last breath And with it let me say Let me say ... Hold me now I'm six feet from the edge And I'm thinking Maybe six feet ain't so far down 
Respect - if you dont give it how can you ever expect to receive it ? 
there comes a time where you either shut up and get married or just break up for good - at some point the game has to end ... im exhausted and i just read about it on my status updates ! gosh lol 
i want china king 
best invention ever ! a car that never breaks or needs gas ... mmm yes ! 
showers used to be so relaxing but now a fully clothed monkey likes to join me unnanounced .... my b bug is so goofy :D 
and she can climb .... turned around for a second earlier and she was in her high chair . i dont know if im more impressed or scared . 
But you're not my god 
And you're not my friend 
You're not the one that I will walk with in the end 
You're not the truth 
You're a temporary shot 
You ruin people's lives and you don't give a second thought 
You're not my god 
Waiting for the end to come 
Wishing I had strength to stand 
This is not what I had planned 
It's out of my control 
Flying at the speed of light 
Thoughts were spinning in my head 
So many things were left unsaid 
It's hard to let you go 
I know what it takes to move on 
I know how it feels to lie 
All I want to do 
Is trade this life for something new 
Holding on to what I haven't got 
life = drowning for five days straight then getting really close to the surface for two days only to start drowning again ... running out of air people lol 
i like it on the pool table ! 
sometimes i thank god for unanswered prayers <3 
To all of you chicks wearing skorts to the gym ... No whining when guys look at your ass . There not perverted , your just slutty . Have a nice day ! :D 
Finally have the clear to close thank you god ! Merry christmas to us ! :D 
I don't care what you think Im not seeing a shrink 
I'm not doing this again 
Im not another student or a mother 2 take your shit out on 
So lets see what you got lets see what you're not 
And what ever else you pretend 
You've defended my intentions long enough 
Welcome 2 my world 
Where everyone I ever need always ends up leaving me alone 
Another lesson learned 
And Im drowning in the ashes 
Kicking 
Screaming 
boobies ! 
And even though I really love you I'm gonna smile cause I deserve to It'll all get better in time 
Elizabeth and amanda are on the loose ! 
So what if it hurts me ? So what it I break down ? So what if this world just throws me off the edge , My feet run out of ground I gotta find my place I wanna hear my sound Don’t care about all the pain in front of me I'm just trying to be happy I just wanna be happy 
its official . 90% of my friends are scorpios . i need new friends . 
Too strong for too long and I can't be without you baby And I'll be waiting up until you get home ' cause I can't sleep 
without you baby Anybody who's ever loved , ya know just what I feel 
Too hard to fake it , nothing can replace it 
Call the radio if you just can't be without your baby 
i need refferals . after the 15$ discount the price list is mani 10 pedi 35 toe polish change is 5 & hands free - maybe . call STATE OF MIND & set it up ! 663-7317 im there wends thru sun . seriousially , i need this - youd be helping me get a raise & win a trip to the cayman islands so come , send your friends , family , etc etc ... dont got 5 dollars ? ill GIVE you 5 bucks ! do it ! know why ? cause ide do it 4 you ! xoxo me 
I've been travelin ' on this road too long 
Just tryin ' to find my way back home 
But the old me's dead and gone 
Dead and gone 
I finally have an enemy his name is murphy and hes a dick lol 
10 minute drive home turned into an hour ... not fun ! lol 
starting to wonder why i even attempt cleaning lol we need a play room 
if life had a face ide punch it :D 
Dear snow , I love you . :D 
open your crown point values mag to page 20 and behold a picture of my gorgeous daughter :D 
We just bought a puppy ! Shes coming home after christmas ! :D 
dear weather : make up your mind so i can breath already 
emergency break is off ! Time to kick it into drive ! :D 
No maddie we dont throw toilet paper into the toilet ... Wait ... Now I get why kids look at us like were insane lol 
News flash . Christmas is next week . Stop being evil everyone and show some damn Christmas spirit ! 
I'm not a perfect person There's many things I wish I didn't do But I continue learning I never meant to do those things to you And so I have to say before I go That I just want you to know I've found a reason for me To change who I used to be A reason to start over new and the reason is you 
You’re the hope that moves me To courage again You’re the love that rescues me 
When the cold winds , rage And it’s so amazing ’cause that’s just how you are And I can’t turn back now ’cause you’ve brought me too far I need you like water Like breath , like rain I need you like mercy From heaven’s gate There’s a freedom in your arms That carries me through I need you Christopher James 
I was going to say something defending the packers when i realized that i really dont need to . Those bears dont stand a chance in hell :D Go get em guys 
Flat tire no gas no clue where im at with a very pregnant girl next to me and it just started snowing .... How is my luck seriousially that bad ? 
i get why mute people are mute all of a sudden 
