big virus going around . If you get a video from me DO NOT OPEN it ! 
..... if only I could go back 10 years .... change things ... 
PRAYERS NEEDED FOR 12 yr old Avi Ben Stella who , after a serious car crash , is now in a critical coma . Please change your status for one hour so more people can be aware and add to the prayers . We would do this for your son , please do this for someone else's son . Thank you ... 
loves it when you don't get a yes or no ... you just don't get an answer period . awesome 
awe . i think i pissed off someone else and they deleted me from their friends . Boo Hoo . my loss ? i think not . 
... is finding out she has some shady people in her life . 
..... blood is not thicker than water . Sometimes friends hold more meaning than family .... 
' I am too Blessed to be Stressed and too Anointed , to be Disappointed!' 
worst day this year : ( 
Offically stressed . 
Can't wait to go hear my Daddy sing !! 
Is quite scared . But I'm gonna put on my big girl panties and keep moving forward with a smile on my face !! It's the Davenport Way . : ) 
When we are no longer able to change a situation , we are challenged to change ourselves 
is a GPS : I'm perfectly capable of telling people where to go and how to get there . 
Is getting Zoed from everywhere !!!! Ahhhh !! :D 
typed this with her toes ! Hee Hee ..... 
I hate that deathrqce movie ... 
Behind every amazing girl is a full pack of haters helping her shine XD 
My brothers coming to hang out ! so excited ! 
Dangang snow !! are you serious ? 
What a difference a day can make 
:( 
... i've def had better mornings . 
" I'm not what I've done ; I'm what I've overcome " ~ Fire-flight 
is thinking ... It's just in some peoples nature to be two faced . They just can't help themselves I suppose . What a sad existance . 
Got an a ! 
Hooray for long weekends ! 
I had such a horrible day ! It started bad and ended worse . :( 
Really feels like I should tidy up , so I'm just gonna lie here and wait for that feeling to pass .... 
I took Judea to Petsmart to get her nails trimmed . Simple right ? She ended up biting BOTH of the poor ladies , one was bleeding . They had to muzzle her , which did not help , and she now has 5 nails trimmed and 9 nails long . Sigh .... 
Count your rainbows , not your thunderstorms . 
has always been told " if you can't say anything nice don't say anything at all " .... now you know why I have been so quiet lately .... 
rain rain go away !! ( or at least hold off until 4 pm tomorrow pretty please ) :) 
My niece is a heart melter ! Even tho she calls me sadie ... mrgh . 
Yay for football season . :p 
Thank you so much for coming up and helping me knock out wedding stuff Ash !! MWAH !! You're the best ! 
If you can't leave them laughing then leave them guessing . 
Life is full of choices , make them , live with them ... but don't expect everyone else to embrace them . 
Go Carting today and chilling in the steam sauna ... ahhhh 
When things get damaged regularly , eventually they get beyond repair . 
is going to be a fruit loop in a bowl of Cheerios ! :) 
Be who you are and say what you feel , because those who matter don't mind , and those who mind don't matter . 
Putting booboos kitchen set together . This is a pain in the butt . But so worth it ! 
Eating mcds&jamming to j5 . can life get ne better ?! 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To 
not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight 
against child abuse . Copy and paste to your status to invite your 
friends to do the same !! 
isn't where she used to be , still not where she wants to be , but is thankful she's heading in the right direction for her proper destination 
Today we salute you , Mr. Facebook-Status-Shuffle-Writer-Guy 
Thankyou everyone for coming out to the shower !! I really apperciate all the gifts and love you shared . And thankyou to Marshmallow Butt for all her hard work and planning ! Love you ! 
This so sucks ... my classes are in Moon Township now . 
My BSTL is reaching it's max ..... 
sucks when ppl are missing big moments of ur life . especially when u thought u just knew theyd always b by ur side . 
WHOOOO today's the day !!!!! 
...... do worms pee ?....... 
What ever happened to " prizes " in cereal boxes ? 
What a great weekend ! 
.... sigh . back to work . :) At least it's over ... can't wait for Hawaii ! 
oh my goodness ... it's offical ! Ric is more nervous than I am . 
Cookout today whoo hoo ! 
where the heck did my weekend go ?! 
It's OK to talk to yourself , it's even OK to answer yourself . But when you ask yourself " What did you say ? " then you know you have a problem . 
My husband is the best Bible reader around ! ( Sorry Cruize ... ) Whoo !! 
I hope this rain holds off !! Like it did yesterday .... 
Tough morning :( 
:) _ ;) _ :) _ ;) _ :) _ ;) _ :) _ ;) _ :) _ ;) _ :) My eye is twitching . 
The next time someone annoys you so much you just wanna slap em .. do it and say , " Mosquito " and quickly walk away ;D 
Crappy work day ! So glad its over . 
I'm so happy ! 
I love jello . espically red kind ! 
Last class ! 
" Dogs are cheaper than therapists " 
People who use obscene language are demonstrating their ignorance . An intelligent person can always find a respectable word that is just as offensive . 
.... i woke up this morning out a crazy dream to a tiny voice yelling " EAAAAAAAHSA EAAAAAAAAAAAASHA " :) 
I don't wanna go back to work ! :( 
Don't miss out on a blessing , just because it is not packaged the way you expect ! 
Today is my first day ! whoo ! 
Wine&cheese tonite ! 
wonders why is it when people ask you " what three things would you bring with you on a desert island ? " no one ever replies , " A BOAT . " 
Only an Aunt can give hugs like a mother , keep secrets like a sister , and love like a friend ! Post this if you're an aunt who loves her niece and nephews . 
really annoyed right now > O 
I'm not strange ... I'm a " Limited Edition " 
Hooray for late buses ! 
Yay ! Got the car back ! Ud never know what happened . :) 
Sweet girls come from the South , Barbies come from CA , but we Pittsburgh girls have fire and ice in our blood ! We can drive in the snow , handle the cold , beat the heat , be a princess , throw a right hook and drink with the boys ! And if we have an opinion ... You bet your " BEHIND " you're gonna hear it !!! ~ Repost if you're a Pittsburgh Girl !!! 
Stupid cold slippery wet snow ! 
If you have a wonderful man , who helps balance your whole world , who isn't perfect but is perfect for you , who works hard and would do anything for you , that makes you laugh , who is your best friend , who you want to grow old with , and who you are thankful for every day ! ... Then post this as your status . ? 
My niece rocks ! Not only did she say to my dad " Stop it " but she said " Do you hear me ?! " and put her finger in his face . Hahahahaha ... good times good times . 
North carolina here we come ! :) 
We named the newest member of our family Simone ! :D 
Whaahoo ! Got my 15 page final paper done . The rest of the weekend is free ! 
I got a puppy ! 
yay done w the midterms ! 
Havent been2bed yet ! 
I had the honor of getting a jersey fashion show this morning at 8 AM . There was one model , and no matter where I went in the house I had to participate . Yuuuup . 
I want a Touch Smart so bad . Julian said wait . Ric said wait . I'm going to wait ... but I don't agree with this situation ! 
" To know what is right and choose to ignore it is the act of a coward . " - Kakashi Hataki 
= a teaspoon of common sense , a tablespoon of sweetness , a pinch of sass and a touch of class . 
It takes 2 people to hold a friendship together . 
WHOOO !! Best day ever !! ;) 
The librarian¡rmu gave a presentation . She freaked me out a little . 
Is it spring yet ? 
Visiting museums dowtown today and hanging out at the Epicenter . Such beautifl weathere here ... the best fall I have ever been in .... 
I love little shop of horrors ! 
BROTHER'S WEEK !!!! If you have a brother who has made you laugh , stuck up for you , drove you crazy , annoyed you to no end , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you fail , picked you back up , cheered you on , made you strong , and is someone you are very proud to have in your life , re-post this to your status . 
.. is EXPECTING !!! I know , I know , it's crazy , isn't it ? I can't believe it myself and Ric is thrilled . I wasn't going to put it on here because it's obvious but wanted to make it official . I mean who would have guessed that we are expecting !!! Yup it's official .. We are expecting another Super Bowl Ring ... Go Steelers !! Hahah that was purely for Ric ! Yay Go Steelers !! **Re-post if you have any sense of humor ..!! * 
