arf arf 
what the hellington am i doin in my profile pic 
OH . MY . GOLLY . where oh where is my brolly . PEOPLE , STOP INVADING MY PROFILE WITH YOUR SLY COMMENTS.im a good guy .. i lead a simple life on the hills i aint askin for no trouble now sonny 
Friday : me sarah sinead and shannon do a rendition of smelly cat with sarah's new guitar !! 
me 
whos going to yeats guys ???????? write to me !!!! 
I got bullied on the bus yesterday by 3 wannabe gangsters :-O jeez ya cant even innocently sit on a bus anymore .. whats gone wrong with the world at all ... : L 
would anyone like to buy a pink 5 megapixel hitachi camera for 20euro ? working perfectly but got new 1 for christmas and need the money :D 
pins and needles OWWWWWW 
i love my boyfriend !!!!!!!! 
i love triangle dayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy !!!!!!!! yayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy ! 
jees it takes ages to end facebook chat ... maybe coz my comp is so Messed up in the brain !! 
Studying : i have gone beyond the point of no return .. 
GOING GOING GONE AT 2O EUROOOO !! hahah that was quick :D 
Robbie Williams , marry me when pa's not looking ... i love you .. 
is now reconsidering pancakes as she has just found a large bowl of re heatable curry in the fridge ........... 
is contemplating a microwavable chocolate fondue .. then again effort involved when i could just stay on facebook ..... 
had a brill night , one 2 remember ! :-) 
is thinking about a mouth watering batch of pancakes .. nutella ... ice-cream ... cheese ... tomato .... ham even .... 
is bored with today ... c'mon saturday u know u wanna 
is going to limerick whooo hoooo 
LOVING the sun 
50cent concert a week from sunday ... yes yes yes 
someone get me dressed , straighten my hair , hand me 20e and drop me off at the club pls ! 
use contraception ... pull and pray is not the way children 
roflmfao 
was very disturbed by the images she found after googling her name .. never again :-S 
anyone hardcore enuf 2 go out ?? i can imagine no wil be the answer ... 
is sick as a dog :-( 
WHY am i the only person in the whole world sick on Paddys day ?????? i should be out proving my irish-ness in a ditch or something 
shutter island : movie of the century ! 
oh my god just sent a really long effort worthy text and it came out on the other persons fone in like greek WTF grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
hmmm to study or not to study ?? i think facebook wud miss me more than my books ... 
would anyone like to buy a pink 5 megapixel hitachi camera for 20euro ????? it works perfectly and i have the USB cable for it etc bit got a new 1 for christmas and need the money :D 
<(") <----- EVERYBODY DO THE PENGUIN 
hates when u are the only person shuffling your folder in the study hall .. 
yoghurt with a fork , shot glasses for boiled eggs .... Shannon Burke 
just won a free ticket to art attack tonight ! fuck the library ... its for charity like 
DUBLIN IS AMAZING !! 
the leaving cert doesn't exsist its all an illusion !!!!!!!!!!! 
just ate aloada garlicky garlic sauce ... helllloooo boys >:-D 
anyone on campus feelina takeaway right now ? 
well the packet of chocolate buscuits arent gonna eat themselves are they ??? and it will be so worth it .. 
wow people can really surprise ya with their childishness ! grow up and get over it .. 
I love Pa x*X*x 
just found 2 fags whoo wat are the chances i was out and all :P 
( fraped ) 
NAS and Bob's boy Damian Marley here we come !!!! tickets are cheap too :) 
Coldsore 2 days before 50cent , what ARE the chances !!! 
anyone selling cats or snakes for cheap ? 
truly delighted with my 600 points now so i am 
if Boland doesn't come up ............. i will hunt you down .......... you know who you are >:-) 
needs sun ! 
any good songs ??? 
nocturnal 
Phone-less , got taken off me in study ... again .. really should have learned my lesson the first time ! 
i neeeed money , anyone got any fast track ideas ? get rich quick schemes ?? dont be shy .. 
50cent tomoro not excited at all 
buns not guns ! 
ok so the ten million texts was a waste theres lik 3 people comin to dub hahaha fuck ye all i tried and god does love a tryer 
Change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon 
character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same , 
for the NSPCC until Monday December 6th there should be no human faces 
on facebook but an invasion of memories , this is a campaign to stop 
violence against children 
..... do it for the cause 
someone do my geo fieldwork FOR ME ?? :D :D :D 
screen broken on phone so can't read texts 4 now ! 
got money 4 CLOTHES today for no apparant reason whoo now THAT doesnt happen every day :D :D :D daddys little girl !!!!! 
is currently eating 2 gigantic pancakes with cheese , broccoli , tomato , sweetcorn and peas tucked up inside ... mmmmmmmm 
DEPRESSION is not a sign of weakness it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this as your status if you or you know someone who has or has had depression . Most people wont , but it's mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer some point in our lives . Show your support Please 
46 days til my LC is over as katelyn just informed me .. eek the pressure ! 
Anyone up for having an Ann Summers party during August ? I'm starting my new job and have to have 4 confirmed parties next month so let me know :-) 
i bought alladin pants yesterday !!!!!! 
Myself , Jenny Colleran and Oisin John Paul Wade had a lovely swim this morn at 5am what in god name possesed us ill never know :-O lovely fire was waitin for us though thank god .. who doesnt love summer ?? 
anyone over nineteen ???? free bar in alchemy this wed ! 
Heading out in Galway for the 1st time in over 2 months hmm wonder where I'll end up now that GPO is ashes ... 
couldnt be clumsier this week if i tried .. walking into walls , tripping over bags , spilling water on my french oral examiner ... you name it iv done it ! 
" Trying to tear down the past prohibits you from building up your future . " - Fresh from Lil Wayne's prison cell :-) 
why do RANDOMS keep adding me i must have a magnet for foreign old men or somethin ... no offence foreign old men 
sickened by some people ! im gettin " brave " now leavin my house haha you must think your A GANGSTER ! your not . you live a sad sad sad exsistence and the only the only people that just about like u are your drinkin buddies ha no wonder you do be annoying me coz u have NOTHIN better to be doin ! have fun bein an alco in this shit town when il actually be DOING somethin with my life ! catch me if u can .... 
over and out 
And while Hugo Boss id in England , I will be dipping into his box of " Dance/Techno/Chill out/Acid Jazz " cd's .. 
" BABY 2301 " to 57000 Please vote for Jamie 
Corcoran to win the baby competition , voting starts toda 
New number , well my old number so technically not all that new .. 0872833956 .. please no pranks i couldn't be arsed sending it around in mail .. text me on your numbers ( if u include the name in the text that would also be quite handy ) or fb me .. thanks 
Fucks sake underwear shopping couldn't be more stressful , I don't know about ye guys but EVERY time I hit penneys for some knicker bargains there is ALWAYS that one perve hovering nearby .. sure enough as I was reaching for the 3 for 3euros , some lanky weirdo was stood smiling at me ! As if shopping for knickers isn't embarrassing enough like . Hard life : - l 
interview for the perefect job today nerves are a wiggling 
I GOT THE SCHOLARSHIP YEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA 
missed my friggin interview ........ >:-( might as well stay in galway now and live under the rock in pump lane 
there are simply no words to describe " the 
Rave " : - l 
Happy Birthday Florence !!! 
is currently eating part of her friend's Christmas present .... sorry .. 
is phone-less once more .. if anyone finds a black sony ericsson , one of the older models with an orange arrow button , id love it back :D theres hope yet ! 
paraphernalia 
Ok Chase Nova Larner and Caleb McDonough I had to know so I asked him in my my email if he actually chopped the dog in half : 
On 27/11/10 , Rowland Stout 
< rowland.stout@ucd.ie > wrote : No 
but if she had one I might consider it . 
R 

what CAN i say back to that ? 
Peggy : Go 
mow the lawn , john 
John : Go mow your face peggy 
cant waaaaaaait to go out 
only a few hours to go :D :D 
hates when your shoe makes a farting noise in study .. 
wats the bets i can get a job before thurs :) ? 
Go to your profile page and scroll all thewaydownto the bottom . On the bottom left corner in littleblueletters , click " English UK " When the language selection appears , click " English Pirate " then watch what happens . When you've stoppedlaughing , paste this on your status to let others know ! 
ok for the third time ........................... 
first person to 
like this status will be my middle name for the rest of the day .... who will it be ?? 
shit shit shirttttt im gettin soem B = AD karma in the morning 
boooooooooooored , should woulda coulda gone to the gym today . phft 
strrrange things happenin ' .... goin round the bend Sarah Purcell 
well that whole thing was just pointless and silly and ....... lets get drunk 
first person to like this status will be my 
middle name for the rest of the day . 
id kill a curry cheese ... 
from the bottom of my hairy heart i genuinely dont care about the stupid debs anymore 
did any1 appl y for H.E.A.R and if so how do ya know if you got it ? how many extra pts can ya get on it anyways ... 
wish i could flyyyyyyyyyyyyy to town 
was just deleting old texts there and came across this one sent to me by Sarah Purcell 
WHATS RED AND HAIRY AND GOES UP AND DOWN ? A STRAWBERRY IN A LIFT . AHA 
dublin in sept here I come CAN'T WAIT !!! :D ? (??????•??) ? :D 
does anyone have king lear the movie ???????????????????????????????????? 
Arts in UCD wahoo only went up 5 points :D 
Starting my new job with Ann Summers soon so excited i can't wait !! 
>:-) <---- look at him go 
last night = success :-) 
Dublin again on sunday interview on monday hoping the pay prospects are better ! roll on september people :) 
ok could kidney beans be any nicer 
i wanna do somethin tonight ! rain rain go away 
illuminati ... why is no one making a big deal out of it ? even FB says i have to give it a capital letter .. im a rebel though 
HEADING OUT !! where is the buzz at peopple ? 
thanks again for all the happy bdays everyone ! come sallys then club k this sat :D 
coke or pepsi ? 
I KEEP GETTING HEADS ! stupid sensible people 
Is anyone moving up to Dublin this year and lookin to share a place ? 
3rd time lucky ACTUALLY going out tonight !! :) 
needs a good camera for a hobby 
so excited about goin out tonight !!! whooo ! :D 
cant wait for thurs ? (??????•??) ? 
bookin my tickets for england and sziget now 
WHOOOOOOOOOOOOO :D 
The amount of alarms going off around here , how do they expect me to sleep ? ? ? wee oo wee oo wee oo wee oo wee oo 
rave tonight ! 
anyone found a link for yesterdays desperate housewives yet ??? :D 
can't wait to get Oisin John Paul Wade's pussy ... ha ha ha ha 
babysitting ... 
do u have a fag and do u live in kara ????? answer : " no and no " from every single person . i hate you all . 
Ok going after the weekend its gonna take me at least a month to move all my stuff up if only you could fast forward time a little !!! 
is anyone going out tonight ? 
found my shoe :-D 
ok duct tape ?? since when is it duct tape ?? its DUCK tape 
how did we not get kicked out of coyotes last night ? between jumbing on bars like lunatics , spending most of the time on the actual danceFLOOR than standing up straight and generally causing a ruccus im surprised we werent arrested haha ! 
:v ............... Michael Clyne 
I CANT WAIT FOR € 2.50 DRINKS IN Q THIS THURSDAY 
“Sometimes when I’m sitting in my car at a stop light , I imagine myself as Luke Skywalker , and I close my eyes and concentrate on using the force . Sometimes I have to concentrate longer than others , but I know it works , ’cause the light always turns green . ” 
This 
week we remember all the babies that were born sleeping or we 
carried but never met , or held but could not take home . make this ur 
profile status if you have or know someone who has lost suffered the 
loss of a baby , majority wont do it , because unlike cancer , baby loss 
is still a ...... taboo subject break the silence in memory 
of all the angels 
Ok who doesn't have a debs dress yet ? I have master plan 
Im an alien .. not joking 
Wait a minute , prison is actually EVIL . 
I literally told 
every person I met last night that I loves them , I LIED 
Knowledge is a disease . . . . ( apparently i dont suffer from it thanks tom ) 
Jared Loughner case .. questions 
Summers starting to fizzle out and dry up lets think of something WILD and WONDERFUL to do . . . . . . . . . . . 
fuck politics ! 
Ok so I'm willing to wear a tux to the debs all I gotta do is find a man willing to wear a dress .. surely it can't be that hard .............. . . . . 
I LOVE DUBLIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Little guy told me he'd BATHER ME if I tried to take my cousins ball back off him , tackled it back in the end though so its fine .. :D thats all for now ye scangers 
Anyone selling a UCD Freshers Ball ticket ?????? 
Week 11 assignment 
The final assignment before the exam is 
easy . All you have to do is to email me ( with any or no message ) before 
December 3rd 6 p.m. and you will win 5 free points . This is basically a 
reward for being sufficiently engaged with the course that you notice 
this message or show up to either of the last two lectures . Rowland 
^^^ this is why i <3 philosophy 
Finally moving to Dublin on thursday ! Got myself a full time job nice one ! SO LONG SUCKERSSSSSSSSSSSS ! 
anyone on campus looking to swap for blackrock ?? big enough room ! 
i ghot 99 problems but a bitch aint one BOO YA 
cant say 2 words round here without people getting hysterical .. 
yayyy lookin forward to a busy night out with the girls yee hawww 
Juat got my professor greene ticket for ten euro whoooo whos coming ??? :D 
<-- dont make me take it down its symbolic 
Lil sis Ava visiting from England oh my god she's so cute ! So down in this shithole another few days : - l 
the " help centre " under account settings should have some helpful advice on how to quit facebook 
Front Row at Professor Green last night , poor bugger doesn't realise his own beauty , banging gig he signed my make up bag n all YEAA :D 
oh the road to recovery .. 
shit shit shit ok everything about last night is embarrassing 
its funny coz ... these events really happened last night 
Carol-anne Mc Kinney R.I.P 
this is all a bit weird , when i text some people my new number comes up and others my od number comes up .. think i have two numbers on the same sim ?? didnt even want a new numb in the first place the meteor guy must have fucked up .. 
throwin away my elephant shoes to fuck 
Dj . Shart featuring Professor Green Vomit topping the sharts again with " in my bin , in my sheets " Carol-anne Mc Kinney 
Maria Carey ? mariiiiiiiiiiiaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa u gottaaaa seeee haaaa 
Ho ho ho its off to Gaillimh we gooo 
hahahas looking for quotes on the knight and found this one : 
" His hors were goode , but he was nat gay " 
guys apparently bill clinton was on campus !! 
holiday holiday holiday ... can we start booking one soon ? Greece , Iran , Africa ? 
And I quote " Cheese doesn't have protein " - Jessica White 
current status : studying , or should I say failing at radiography 
hopes for the future : to pass the hpat , become a doctor , and scientifically prove to Lena that cheese does not contain protein !! 
tabula rusa yeaaa 
thanks A MILLION for all the bday wishes i now feel so loved :P to the bar we go whoo hooo and saturday sallys and club k i think so be there or be .......... SQUARE 
ya :D 
aaah i have a massive spot on my face !! 
i like pina coladas 
I like it wherever there's space 
Snowball fight with Tara Kelly at 4.30 am , it was all fun and games until about 20ninja snowballer guys creeped outta nowhere and cornered us into the vending machine room for about 15mins . Had a narrow escape in the end . 
:-D CAN'T WAIT for Christmas 
wants to fast forward to Christmas ( heyy ) and not face up to those 4 essays lurking on blackboard 
Getting my grooove on in town tonight , where the wind blows nobody knows :D yeeeaaa ! 
holy moly here we go again 
17 years ago a women got pregnant from a tank of helium ...... 9 months later .... justin bieber ? was born .. 
Houseparty at mine tonight house 4 apartment 2 Merville UCD Belfield ... everyone welcome !! 
" Fooked up rabbit wid no ears " - Four Lions ... LOL !! 
hello cringey flashbacks ! 
leeches have 32 brains ! 
cant wait to go out with Maria Carey ? 
just impulsively admitted to my dad that i had watered down the vodka .. he started laughing ! ... that went down well haha 
Like this status and I will post on your wall starting with " The one who .. " 
Fuck it I'm jumping on the bandwagon ! 
" speech is as shallow as time , silence is as deep as eternity " - wall 
i want liam lewis 
Something terrible happened this morning . Sinead Cloherty stayed at my house last night . However , when I woke up , do I see Sinead ? Nope ... only her crumpled pyjamas lying in the spot where she had once been . 
Sure enough when I looked up at the window , there was a beautiful butterfly flapping about . I had no choice but to let her out ...... fly shinny .... fly . :-( 
has given up drink . officially . 
This goes out to whoever has my phone ... I would really like it back ... thanks :D 
to those of you i insisted on hugging several times last night ( especially those of you who were unsuspecting strangers ) i am very sorry and no i have nooo idea why 
" Stories are what we tell ourselves to make us feel ... better . So never let the truth get in the way of a good story " - Sex , Drugs and Rock and Roll :-) 
anyone know a sean king from westside ? short hair and kinda small ???? 
Dear everyone .. can u start sending me your numbers again please .. Haven't had a phone for around a month by the way in case anyone happened to text me and thought I was being an ignoramous ! Getting a phone next week ! :) 
They're giving courses in innovation now ? So we don't have to think for ourselves ?? That's gas .. 
i have to go so far im in love so i reach down and grap the micky and wank it of but NO i get to in to it and give him head .... then SEX ....... am I a slut ? i just like it 
What's the best way to catch a rabbit ? 
Hide behind a tree and make carrot noises 
:-) 
" Im bored of the shift and drift , I'm gonna ride and slide in DANDELION this wednesday " 
Spread the fail whale 
???????????????????????? 
??????????????????????? 
????????????????????? 
???????????????????? 
where to for summer ??? debatable .. 
apple 
One way ticket to the sunny south of Spain booked , I do not plan on seeing Galway again til we've run out of food , clothes and dignity :D 
Shannon Rose Burke's time to shine tonight , yeaaa :-) excited 
my life is the definition of an awkward moment this week : - l 
needs an intelligent twin 
just managed to delete my status :-( clever 
anyone elses chat go offline by itself when your trying to type ..? hopefully a glitch and not a serial killer hacked into my account somewhere 
starting from today , is deleting her facebook until the 10th of May soooo long suckersss ( this will never last ) 
oot and aboot in galway , its been too long !! 
clinically bored , come on summer hurry up and do something !! 
