is keeping his hat on ... 
going to go play a game and think about stuff ... probably gonna get into proper clothes too 
got up before he expected to 
i hate this picture with a passion , but i'll be damned if i use anything else ... 
heres a quote " help for plants vs zombies- when the zombies show up just sit there and do nothing , when the zombies reach your house you win ! this help brought to you by the zombies " ok gonna go play some more 
reserving hope for the new monkey island games ... though not that much hope 
i'm really quite pleased that whenever i look to the right of the screen i see a windows logo that says " thank you joseph " above it ... it's nice to be thanked even if i'm not sure why ... 
oh yeah , it said nathan patrelli 
i think you should all watch black books if you havent already , ALL of you , i don't care how , just watch it at least some of it ... black books is awesome ... AWESOME !!! 
ive just been convinced that the next film i'm gonna see at the cinema will be up ... if it's still there 
is gonna be sleeping like a baby log on horlicks , probly into the afternoon with how late/early it is 
Just remember , Citizen , Happiness Is Mandatory ! Insufficient happiness will be punished by termination ! -Paranoia , role-playing game 
can't stop thinking about belicose penguins >.< 
I like stormy weather ... my clothes dont .... 
Strangly ... a fan of KK Slider ... 
i have a microphone headset thing ... it makes me feel like i work in customer services ... not to mention i'm dressed like a butler 
wondering how mimsy the borogroves are today 
been playing rubbish flash games ... namely age of war , in retrospect that would be one bloody long war and i cant say much for the tactics ... 
just waiting for college to start 
I gots a new phone ! hooray ! my number hasn't changed ... 
i need a new profile picture i think .... 
russel time ! 
I think i make a good joker actually ... 
I just watched the entire 3 series of black books , plus outakkes , i need to go outside tommorow ... 
" COGITO ERGO NOM " = I think therfore I nom ... best ... shirt ... for the next five minutes ... 
http://xkcd.com/137/ 
man i love graphs http://xkcd.com/197/ 
Irish insurance salesmen can call me anytime they want , their accent is great to listen to 
This long weekend is likely to be uneventful , if you want me to do somthing this weekend would be a good time , not that i expect anything but there you go ... 
Hooray for jam and toast ! 
http://www.topatoco.com/merchant.mvc?Screen=PROD&Store_Code=TO&Product_Code=QC-COGITO-GALAXY&Category_Code=QC 
I wonder why i never read the god delusion up till now ... it's a good book 
I think i'd do the same http://xkcd.com/150/ 
the sky is one of the things that makes me wonder if we really are in the matrix , sometimes i swear i see pixels 
just watched moulin rouge and HOLY CRAP that was a good film ! 
Enjoying the irony of his new socks 
also good http://xkcd.com/132/ 
curse my spelling mistakes ! 
I need a shave ... but i have dicoved , there is in fact an area just under my chin ... where no hair grows , it's rather perplexing and you probably didn't need to know this ... oh well 
fins it funny when i see the word " Jensen " followed by " Ackles " ... 
just found out what guitar hero can do to your wrist ... 
wondering what the poke function does ... 
I shoul've mentioned batman in that exam ... i shouldve ... 
Warden : " Cookies ? " Sten : " Yes . we have no such things in our lands . This should be remedied . " 
watching a lot of charlie brown lately ... 
( If you initially refuse to allow Leliana to join your group when you meet her in the Dane and instead she stops you leaving Lothering ) Warden : Alistair , she's one archdemon short of a blight . Alistair : Yes , but she's more like ' Ooh ! Pretty colors!' than ' Muahahaha ! I am princess stabbity , stab , kill , kill!' 
gonna get some awesome curry 
( When Alistair presents the rose to The Warden ) Alistair : Here , look at this . Do you know what it is ? Warden : Your new weapon of choice ? Alistair : Yes , that's right ! Watch as I thrash our enemies with the mighty power of floral arrangements ! Feel my thorns , darkspawn ! I will overpower you with my rosy scent ! 
this wine tastes like licking a scented candle , it's good ... 
Random Kid : "' Cause now we know ! " Random Joe : " And Knowing Is Half The Battle ! " Chorus : " G.I. JOOOOOOEEEEEEE ! " 
curry ! <3 :3 
Warden : " Tell me about the qunari . " Sten : " No . " Warden : " Well , that wasn't what I expected to hear . " Sten : " Get used to disappointment . People are not simple . They cannot be defined for easy reference in the manner of : ' the elves are a lithe , pointy-eared people who excel at poverty . '" 
they have a new punctuation mark for sarcasm ! please don't tell me i'm the only one excited by this ... 
cough cough COUGH HACK HAAAACK !!!.... ugh ... 
feels like a sam winchester ... 
i'm going outside tommorow , and i'm going to shave and then i'm going to traina narwhall to play the basoon while riding a unicicle ... I wont teach it how to breathe air it'll manage ... 
I forgot how much i loved azumanga daioh .... 
th camera ! it does nothing ! 
well seems i'm getting pissed then , guess thats how the drunkard topples ... 
considering the life of the humble moth ... 
just heard a guy say " being black is like playing life on hard mode " and i'm sorry but it made me lol 
ok lets see whether FF13 blows my mind ... or just blows ... 
" I think if anyone got the concepts of yelling and shooting things it would be america , THATS WHY WE INVENTED MICHEAL FUCKING BAY ! " -Noah Antwieler 
cashier says " enjoy your meal " you say " you too " -socially awkward penguin 
the eskimos ! THEY LIIIIIIVEEE !!!! XD 
man i wonder if my necronomicon has the statement of charles dexter ward in it :/ 
I enjoy goldshlagger or whatever it's called ... 
rfiuwegdugausdvfgealrvuikaysdlgudsafvauydf CLIFFFFFFFF !!!!!!! 
curse you fiona ! I can't stop listening to stacy's mom ! 
crumpets ! nomnomnom <3 
Hobbes : how come we play war and not peace ? Calvin : too few role models 
radio , whats going on with that radio ? 
they're cute , they're powerful , they're friends with benefits ! -Kitsu saga tagline 
it feels wierd to intermittantly swich between Clannad and enter shikari ..... Clannad as in the show not the band .... though thats a wierd mix too .... 
poor cornel cloppy ... Marston survives the fall from the CLIFF but he didn't ... 
Having trouble getting out of the woods ? Devour a friend for food and experience ! Walk home with a full stomach ! 
PS : Start with the jerk who brought the guitar on a camping trip . No one will care if you eat the bard . -rockpapercynic 
dawn french has nice hair ... 
I love deadlines , i love the wooshing sound they make as they go by -calvin , calvin and hobbes 
james blunt why are you still on my computer ? :/ ohh well you arent bothering anyone youre just boring ... 
ow ! poking myself in the FUCKING EYE ! IT HURRRRTS ! 
hold on let me just take this call on my phone/rocketship TO THE MOON !!! :D 
zombieland = win 
i like how within two seconds of one of my friends liking somthing about 5 of them now like it .... 
noe looks a bit like a chicken .... :/ 
" is it true you like emma " is going to be one of the only questions i'm gonna get asked on formspring aint it ? :/ 
really has to stop listening to " cool guys don't look at explosions " :/ 
correction- zombieland is not win , zombieland it a bucketload of awesome and a twinkie ! 
joker : oh great you want me to go crawling through the air ducts again eve : I enjoy the sight of humans on their knees Joker : ... eve : that was a joke -Mass Effect 2 
you know i'm desperate when i resort to lolcats ..... 
looks like i'm looking forward to alpha protocol 
job interview tommorow at 3 :) 
wish i had a cat .... mow ... T_T 
wow it's kinda strange that when i see the word " zig " my first thought was not " zag " but " take off every " 
WOW ! Mass Effect 2 ... that was just epic ... I want another one now ... 
and in the sea there is a fish , a fish that has a secret wish , a wish to be a bigcatfish with a big flower on it ! :3 
ahhh D&D how you amuse me ... 
bored ... another " i'll answer honestly to PM's day ? yeah , why not .... 
I love buying a random album to find i know a song on it .... and one i actually really like 
snake ... snake .... SNAAAAAAAAAAAAKE !!! 
dammit internet i don't want to join a nerd-dating website ! i don't want a date ... 
must resist frontierville , must resist frotierville , must resist frontierville ... 
it's funny watching gods argue on supernatural " don't mock my world turtle " XD classic 
I do love those cockney demons X3 
hmmm ... i don't think i like the fact that i can imitate mojojojo ... 
little Jude Law looks just like big Jude Law ..... 
I'm going to be completely truthful for today ;) so any questions you 
want answering PM me and I'll tell the truth :) put this as your status 
if you're really bored too , and see what questions you get ;) 
Halfway through the comic WATCHMEN , and it's just ... pure .... awesome .... 
wait .... a show about a girl and her talking bike thats there to make you ask yourself some philosophical questions ? only japan .... * rolls eyes * 
i take a look at my enormous penis , and the happy times are coming my way ~ 
hmmm .... baldurs gate perhaps ? :/ 
you gotta stop thinking of heaven as one place , it's more like a buncha places all jumbled up together ... like disneyland but without the anti-semitism -Supernatural 
japan has some rather .... unusual romantic comedies ... don't belive me ? you obviously havent even heard of japan , but also take a look at " midori days " 
i keep seeing adverts for " nerd " dating websites ... 
good evening chill-dren ! this is three dog ! BOOOOOOOOW ! 
" You MOTHERFUCKER , I will PUNCH you in the fucking SOUL , you FUCKING 
asshat ! " -Noah Antwieler 
that was along DND session .... nearly half a day ... 
i keep hearing pedulum's " granite " on adverts .... 
no wealth , no ruin , no silver or gold nothing satisfys me but your soul , Oh death ... 
Go to your profile page , scroll all the way 
down to the bottom . Click on " English ( UK ) " . When the language selection 
appears , click " English Pirate " then watch what happens . When you've 
stopped laughing , paste this on your status to let others know ! :) 
i love jesu otaku's digimon reviews ... i love that show ... 
wow a kot of people seem to think Nick Clegg is fit .... 
we are scientists <3 
i loved the hoosiers dancy-ness on stage ! :D it made me smile :) 
with everything that rips it off , i always forget ho much i enjoy Tolkien's lord of the rings 
i swear elijah wood is getting younger ! HE'S GETTING YOUNGER I TELL YOU !!! 
gotta say i love orochi , some bad guys want world domination or ultimate power , but what do you want when you're a giant multiheaded snake ? BOOZE ! 
no adverts , busty russians don't want to meet me do they ... lairs ... 
wow ..... urukhai got pwn'd .... 
" Do not meddle in the affairs of dragons , for you are crunchy , and 
good with ketchup . " 
— Bored 
Of The Rings 
finally decided to complete assasins creed 2 and the line before the credits was quite appropriate " what the fuck ? " 
HOORAY ! spoony says he's going to E3 ! can't wait to see that ... 
some DND is likely tommorow :) good times ... 
AAAH !!! CAN'T GET " sora mimi cake " OUT OF MY HEAD !! 
tom says i'm gonna go to india and live as a pharoh 
Virgo ( Aug 23 - Sept 22 ) You are the logical type and hate disorder . Your shit-picking attitude is sickening to your friends and co-workers . You are cold and unemotional and often fall asleep while fucking . Virgos make good bus drivers and pimps . 
A fair few groups using calvin and hobbes pictures .... I guess it's just because Calvin and hobbes is awesome ... 
YES !! my GAAAAWD ! good curry .... 
kinda wishes i could deflate like a ballon and just lay on the floor .... 
fable 3 actually looks interesting ... 
oh yeah , tearing up at the end of Lord of the rings .... i'm such a dork ... 
sombody ask another question , fiona's was relatively entertaining ... 
seriously these hobbits have so many really cute , really gay moments i'm almost shouting for them to kiss already 
I think my brain has two settings .... batman and other .... 
katy perry feat snoop dog ?! WTF ?! 
finally got round to watching the forbidden kingdom and so far it's hilarious ! 
muahahahahaha ! just bought the entire series of Azumanga Daioh from Ebay ! very happy :D 
cannot spell micheal ? michael ? michleaeal ? 
" this bodes well for my screenplay Card shark - when the casino gets flooded everyone gts a full house ... of sharks " -the cinema snob 
no lolcats no .... justin bieber does NOT look like ellen paige .... ellen paige is better than that ... 
just deleted old PM's to clint mansell's remix of " requiem for a dream " and it just made me laugh at the overdramiticness ... 
slightly ginger beard .... that's new ... 
what does the poke button actually do ? i never pressed it before .... 
who was texting me earlyer ? 
too tired ... another victory for Emma ' Frame ' Chauhan 
wait ... wait a second ? did space zombies just show up in a show about samrurai in the edo period ?! WHAAAT ?! this makes less sense than the guy with the revolver ... 
anyone know some better artists ? i can only think of the fairly mediocre " jet black stare " ... 
I caught you a delicious bass .... you wanna play me ... 
I always seem to like the really sappy songs don't I ? :/ 
DIE BEARD DIE !!!! 
my relationship style- Dismissal ( " I don't need you " ) 
Positive self-model , Negative other-model according to My Personality 
well after ....... that ... time for bed ! 
i wonder if it's bad that within the first 5 or so minutes of NHK ni youkoso i find the main guy relateable .... 
grizzlys ... they're coming out of the trees man .... GAME OVER MAN ! GAME OVER ! 
bored ... scott pilgrim ? nah not by myself ... 
playin ' a little grand theft horse ! 
ahahahaha !! reccomended papa roach's " scars " XD how nostalgic ... 
alspha protocol become much more enjoyable when you imagine your handlers sayinf this when you die " what wrong mike ? mike ? mike ?! MIIIIIIIIIKE ! " 
i just knew fiona would want the old spice man's bum ... 
i told him not to look for tub girl ... he didn't listen , HE DIDN'T LISTEN !!! 
ahh whatever i'm gonna go play tekken 6 as Panda ... 
ugh ... blue dragon GRIIIIIND ..... 
oh wait ... AC/DC , hoe did i forget that ? 
the wacky adventures of suicidal people ! beacause trying to kill youself is a barrel of laughs ! :D 
" a quantum singularity ? is that bad ? " " a quantum singularity ... it's like a black hole but portable and with a cooler name " 
windows media player takes it's time thinking about whether or not it wants to change songs :/ 
FFS ! i'm too soft ! why do i like romantic films so much ! ESPECIALLY MICHEAL CERA ONES !!! 
DND saturday ? alright by me ... :) 
maybe you'll think twice next time you decide to be a giant prick ... skulldug'em ... 
wow feynman really was the " rockstar pysiscist " he's got some fantastic quotes 
more ginger beard hairs ? wierd ... 
the " y " is a very beatuful letter i think ... i lyek to yoos it as much as possible 
i admit gravity has it's benefits , yknow having a sun to spin around and all that , but the not being able to fly does suck .... 
well FINALLY clannad ! you get the UST out of the way and go for the relationship upgrade ! this better work out or i'll be pissed ! 
i wish clannad would stop teasing me with the ship and just FIRE THE DAMN CANON !!! 
if I were Professor X , I would subtly implant a suggestion in everyone's 
mind that I did have hair , a full , lustrous mane of hockey 
hair that all the other X-Men would envy . And I'd cheat at Battleship . - the spoonyone 
you're GODAMM RIGHT !! your gonna ret-con all that stuff Clannad ! I couldn't take the other ending ..... 
IT'S ME ! I was the turkey all along ! 
" There is perhaps no phenomenon which contains so much destructive 
feeling as moral indignation , which permits envy or hate to be acted out 
under the guise of virtue . " 
—Erich Fromm 
the image of felica day angrily pawing at someone from sheer stress is just too cute not to be a facebook status 
scott pilgrim may well be one of the best films i've seen in the past few years , i'm not kidding or exaggerating it's JUST ... THAT ... AWESOME !!! 
soooo according to the latest advert , 118 now catches serial killers ... 
aaaaaalllways i wanna be with you ! and make believe with you ! and live in harmony ! harmony ! OH LOVE ! 
oh i've got a loverly bunch of coconuts ... 
you have to make concessions as you get older i mean , i'm a vegetarian , i'm not hardcore i mean , i eat a lot of meat , but thats only because i like the taste so morally i win -dylan moran 
Mr T won the weakest link !!! FOOLS !! 
I could throw you in the lake , feed you poison birthday cake ~ 
" he's in some kind of coma " " how do you know he's not asleep " " because people who are asleep ... wake up " * facepalm * stupid horror movie lines ... 
I quite like snails , i feel sad when i'm walking along at night and then .... CRUNCH :'( 
can twilight be over now ? please western culture ... please !!! 
Emma ' Frame ' Chauhan with your pokes ! it's not on ! not on love ! 
ahh can't get the " dango " song out of my head >.< 
( sigh ) sat refreshing the homepage and poking Emma ' Frame ' Chauhan and she's only gonna win in the end ... 
according to Tom i have a sex doll with Emma's face on it ... 
A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it . -Oscar Wilde 
i totally agree with sunohara , some people would kill to have tomoya's problems .... 
hmmm ... i want to go to bed :/ 
patternson is actually a decent actor , he really is ! This leads me to the conclusion that the direction in the twilight movies is just bad although it might still be robert i mean ... if i was in twilight i'd act like i had a fork stuck in my upper thigh too ... 
maybe it's lupus ? 
" when the time comes okazaki , i trust you to watch my back ! " " i'll be sure to stab you well ! " 
sombody help ! i'm trapped on TV Tropes and i can't get out ! 
castiel : " i think we can rule moses out as a suspect ( entirely serious ) " god i love castiel XD 
fuc this i'm headin for new vegas daddy-o 
is it stange that i like my toast with salad cream ? 
ok Sophie ' Steve ' Pilgrim Emma ' Frame ' Chauhan never let me do that again i fell like i'm gonna have some kind of fit X_x 
yeah i wanna hear those immortal words ... " go for the eyes boo , GO FOR THE EYES RAAAARHHAHRRGGG !!! ( hamster sqeaks ) " 
IT WAS DIRECTED BY THE GUY WHO DID SHAUN OF THE DEAD ?!?!?! NKJDHGBVJKVDWAVCEFWHGCEFDHC VFVCFA CEKVFGUVYTAGVFEWKVFEWUVUEWVEAUTFCVDUTKVDWJCDTYCEGEWVACLKHGCFVKG WAAAAAAAAANNNNTTT !!! 
inception stars ellen paige ? interesting .... 
..... bold strokes books ? gay bi and lesbian literature ? what ?! What does that mean ?! wait ... does facebook think i'm gay ? 
the verdict has come in , it says i'm guilty for my sins ~ 
so heres to living life , miserable ! and heres to all the lonely stories that i've told ! maybe drinking wine will validate my sorrow ! every man needs a muse and mine could be the bottle ! 
guess it's back to grinding o FF13 .... hooray ... 
PHANTASMAGORIA ! 
maaaan i get scared watching the first episode of higurashi ... T_T i'm such a wimp ... 
murdering his friends .... hope Sherlock doesn't catch me .... 
VIRGO - YOUR DAILY HOROSCOPE 

Mercury is in retrograde 
and is on your side . Keeping a gibbon by your keyboard can be a good way 
to predict the immediate future . Do not rip out your kidneys and post 
them to your Uncle . 
december 31st 2012 for bioshock infinite ?! awwwwww :( 
" You quickly make some paper out of a nearby tree , and some ink out of a 
nearby ... umm ... squirrel . You make a copy of the map and stick it in 
your pocket . " -kingdom of loathing 
theres nothing to snap at ... WHY ARE YOU SNAPPING FINGERS ?! ugh ... habits ... 
yes ! the case of charles dexter ward .... and somthing called the thing on the doorstep , lets have a read ... 
i'm really loving this clannad show , why did i not watch this earlyer ? 
what could possibly be mailed to you that makes you want to set yourself on fire ? 
micheal bay has a studio that remakes old horror movies ..... why does this exist ... why is this allowed to exist .... WHHHHHHHYYYYYYYY !?!?!?! 
I WANT TO SEE SCOTT PILGRIM !!! why had i not heard of this film yet ? 
is it just me or does the one who objects totally to drinking look a bit like a 50's version of fiona ? 
anna anna batman ?! I love my sister ... Anna Harrison :p 
how many times can one episode of a show make me cry ? seriously it's pathetic really .... 
they'll get me ? they're gays they're not ninjas !! -Russal Howard 
oh lovecraft ... you and your lightning ... 
honey honey honey you're the death of me <3 
now a podcast on the true horror of .... THE TREE !!! dun dun duuuuunnnn ! 
youre not a normal chicken ! you're a special chicken just like raigomaru ! one who aims for the sky ! 
Has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like ? 
starting a nuzloke run of ruby , the rules ! 
-pokemon faints you release it 
-you can only catch the first pokemon you see in each area and no legendaries 
Just erotic , nothing kinky . It's the difference between using a feather and using a chicken . 
—Terry Pratchett 
we are sex bob-omb and we're here to make you think about death and get real sad and stuff ! 
curse ye ! ye rascal , you smashed my soul bottle ! -paraphrasing from lovecraft 
the following work of fiction is not an accurate historical portrayal , like we care ! now shut up and enjoy the show ! -samurai champloo 
keep poking me Emma ' Frame ' Chauhan ! i'll only keep suggesting films to you and that list will NEVER fucking end ! 
so ..... now the samurai are playing a baseball game against the yankies ? this show has gone insane @_@ 
urgh ... horrible piercing noise ... migrane maybe ? hallucination ? who knows ... 
is in lesbians with you ! 
why in shows does being disabled give you superpowers , seriously ! it doesn't matter what youve got you get some kind of amazing benefit from any disablity in a TV show ! 
" i look forward with hot eargerness to climb down those slimy stone steps " -lovecraft 
he's not as clever as he likes to think , he's just ambitious with his arguing , he's crap at dancing and he can't hold his drink , deep down he's just like everybody else 
think i just got an accidental phone call :/ 
man i love frank turner ... 
yeah ... nyoro ~ n is my favorate meme 
OW ! why do i keep slapping myself :( 
why does each an every person in the windows 7 adverts fill me with hate ? 
I am just not good at being friendly :/ 
trains are more scared of you than you are of them XD lol ! 
theres children throwing snowballs instead of throwing heads , they're busy building toys and absolutely n o-o nes dead ! 
be prepared to have your mind blown by the " best " actor in the world , Tommy Wiseau ... 
wow i got far more birthday messages than i expected , thanks guys ! 
i-hi-hi am a ma-han of constant sorrow ! i have no friends , to help me now ! 
resonance of fate really gets better as you go on ... 
NOOOOOO !!! charlie !! my zigzagoon ! T_T 
* sigh * nobody has given me the oppertunity to use my favorate one liner lately ... 
interesting , a game decided that based on quotes taken from my facebook , my starting skill levels in that game were as follows ; Daring 2 , Clever 1 and Charming 9 how interesting 
sanity test ! watch FLCL do you understand it ? if so you're insane ... 
na nanananana na na na katamari damacy ~ 
pilgrim on DVD ... most ineresting ( scott not steve ) 
what is it about romantisism and it's sentiments that makes my innards ... not want to be my innards anymore ? 
i think it's time we blow this scene , get everybody and their stuff together , ok 3 2 1 lets jam 
rena freaks me out , rena freaks me out , RENA FREAKS ME THE FUCK OUT ! I'MSOFUCKINGSCAREDOFRENA! 
oooh finch <3 
Robin Hood : Kindly let me pass . 
Little John : Uh , no . Sorry , but a toll is a toll , and a roll is a roll , and if we don't get no tolls , then we don't eat no rolls . [ proudly ] I made that up . 
Robin Hood : It's very fascinating . But I'm afraid I'm going to have to hurt you . - Robin hood : Men in tights 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a cartooncharacter from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday ( December6th ) , there should be no human faces on Facebook , but an invasion of memories ... This is a campaign to stop violenceagainst children 
youtube movie ? what ? fred ? what ?! youtube fred ?! WHY DOES THIS EXIST ?! IS THIS SOME KIND OF ELABORATE INTERNET JOKE ?! GAHAHAHA ?!?! 
i don't think anyone will agree with me but i think digimon is better than pokemon , by far ... 
i need to stop listening to long division i'm gonna kill it soon ... 
yes last fm ... you figured out i like post hardcore music .... whatever that is .... but i like other stuff too ... 
i got a laugh that one of my suggested serches in google was " critical existance failure " 
i don't know whether to be annoyed or not when i see " ninja " being used as an adjective :/ 
CAT MACHINE GUN ! i can't believe i forgot about that .... 
" those with big boobs are destined to win " .... wow there are some odd lines of dialouge in anime .... 
no idea how japan decided that barks sound like " wan " but ok ... 
get crazy with the cheese whizz ! 
hehe tsunderes , getting pissed off because of anothers idiotic behaviour despite the fact they'd hit that like a speeding freight train .... cheap but entertaining ... 
just finished nerding around killing hillbilly ogre people in D&D with Megan Cramer 
gotta love takato's plan " nobody will see my big red dinosaur if i put my coat on his head " 
with some of the people i know i'm starting to regret reloading the news feed ... X_x 
aahh ! " styrofoam plates " is torturously sad but i can't not listen to it when it comes on ! 
whats with all this number stuff ? i don't get it ... 
well i'm enjoyin ' the hell outta ' cowboy bebop 
well i learned some disturbing new things today ... 
ok even if you don't like anime i urge you watch kim no tabi episode 5 three men on the rails , it's like watching an animated parable ! 
i love whiskey , i love any drink that tastes like pain :D 
seeing clips of " the neverending story 3 " is making me cry .... why did they do this ... why ?! T_T 
i'm pretty bored .... think i'll do that inbox truth thing ... yeah that'll do ... 
" A man falls asleep and dreams he's a butterfly . But in the dream , the butterfly falls asleep and dreams it's a man . When he awakes , he's never sure forever afterward if he really is a man , or just a butterfly having a dream . " i love it when i find these kind of statements ... 
craaaaaawling in my skiiiiiin ! XD linkin park do make me laugh ! 
somone give me a chance to increase my infamy once again .... 
if anyones gonna get raped , in that van , it'll be a guy -nick and norahs infinate playlist 
too depressed to continue poking Emma ' Frame ' Chauhan neverending story 3 just ruined my day ... :( 
clicking random page on wikiquote can yield some interesting results , i like this one 
" People sometimes think I take a white canvas and paint a black sign on it , but this is not true . I paint the white as well as the black and the white is just as important " Franz Kline 
can you get FB AIDS ? i think you can if Fiona Allen pokes you ! 
i'm sort of like a postmoderm vegetarian , i eat meat ironically -Bill Bailey 
The worthwhile problems are the ones you can really solve or help solve , the ones you can really contribute something to . ... No problem is too small or too trivial if we can really do something about it . -Richard Feynman 
A dream about capture 
You dream that you are walking along a straight path in a dark green forest . The air is pine-scented , cold and clear . The path narrows . 
An ambush ! A soldier leaps out of the trees in front of you , brandishing a sword . You stop . You could be looking into a mirror - this soldier could be your twin . 
You ready your sword . We shall see who is capturing whom , here . 
why is facebook showing me adverts with badass looking black men with afros ? 
the fact that a FF13-2 is being made is still bugging me , why does this have to be so ? why ? 
i hate the little girls in recettear with the fury of a thousand angry lions wielding flamethrowers >:( 
" crong hope crong get to verb conjugation before end of week . " 
" gok look forward to first-person pronouns . " 
" capital letters intrigue mungu . " -order of the stick 
y'know i realise i don't use elipsis for their intended purpose very often , or even use them in a standard fashion . I just use them as a comma because it's a little more asteticly appealing than a comma , just a thought 
also i watch my little pony friendship is magic and i like it , i'm that lame/fucking awesome 
why do i like the music in slice of life anime so much T_T 
ahhh fuck this ! i'm playing zelda >_> 
my childhood is glad that sean connery is a dragon ... 
UGH ! screw moe and it's effectiveness on my " daaaw ! " response >_> 
high rising intonation really grates me , makes my skin crawl ... 
lets see what HMV reccomends for me ... TWO AND A HALF MEN ?! are you kidding me ?! hvjasgdvhjusagvuyfkgbhakbrauevrfhbvsdugk !! NO ! 
BAH !! I BAH ! at you summer ! 
sucker punch ... badass girls with katanas beating the crap out of robots in skirts and stuff ... hmm , do want or do not ? :/ 
It's national book week . The rules are , grab the closest book , turn to page 56 , post the 5th sentence as your status . Don't mention the title . Copy this rule as part of your status : 
" The speaker had asked for the custody of the cannibal monster commited from Arkham sixteen years before ; and upon being refused , gave a signal which precipitated a shocking riot . " 
ooh i like this quote ! :D 
" Beware of he who would deny you access to information , for in his heart he dreams himself your master . " 
you know i l0ove Tom Padley he is a legend , of a beat legend , how can anyone not love old tomboy the legend beats i know not of them , you legend 
reaps fby nthre danny 
npooa[[akip[o 
i love Hayley Wharmsby alot even when she has hiccups lol <3 
don't headbutt your screen it's hurts a bit , protip there for the facebooks 
BAHAHA ! 
Lily : Barney , how can you be in love and still be sleeping with anything that moves ? 
Barney : I'm sorry , I don't follow you . That's like saying , " How can an ant carry twenty times its body weight , but root beer floats are still delicious ? " Are the two even related ? 
— How I Met Your Mother 
dammit why am i in the mood to ruin someone elses day ? thats kinda dickish ... 
god i love barney XD 
" The only reason to wait a month for sex is if she's 17 years 11 months old . " 
— Barney Stinson , How I Met Your Mother 
he's a semi aquatic , egg laying mammel of action ~ 
you will " dawwww ! " go ahead ... click it ... http://www.ponychan.net/chan/pic/src/130241669811.gif 
JD- ted we found you in the car park throwing rocks at old couples 
Ted- WHY SHOULD THEY BE HAPPY !! 
do not piss off the Emma ' Frame ' Chauhan http://www.ponychan.net/chan/pic/src/130265832622.jpg 
Fiona Allen Sophie ' Steve ' Pilgrim Emma ' Frame ' Chauhan Megan Cramer http://objection.mrdictionary.net/go.php?n=4932079 
Megan Cramer says Sophie ' Steve ' Pilgrim is a good fuck , or somthing like that ... 
i love hat hair , hat hair is amusing ... :/ 
i love it when i spill my drink on myself :/ LIKE A BOSS ! 
* sigh * am i the only person who remembers threads of fate ? with rue , mint and doll master ? doll master was scary man ... 
Emma ' Frame ' Chauhan Megan Cramer honestly one of the better romances in disney/dreamworks movies ... 
i wish i could scream without making a noise , like a mindscream ... that'd be good ... 
sorry but AHAHAHAHA !! Emma ' Frame ' Chauhan Megan Cramer 
I figure YouTube has made some ? connection between " kill everybody " and " rebecca black " . -random youtube commenter 
