utolsónak lenni egy nap vajon jó vagy rossz ? 
ugye , a Mentateraszban meleg lesz ? 
hiányozni fogtok . 
akkor most virággal kell eredményhirdetésre menni , vagy együtt fogunk virágot adni a tanároknak ? és akkor az megvan ? 
having an mp3 player does make a difference :) 
draws , swings , walks .. and won't finish Calculus . 
Olyan fura látni , hogy vannak , akik olyankor kelnek , amikor én mindjárt fekszem . ( kéne feküdnöm ) 
ááááááááááááááááááá . 
Yep , it's real , it's snow ! :) 
.. and Krisztíín Nemeth did it :D 
fontolgatja a skype-ot 
Tracy or Ralston for PSY 113 ? 
Why isn't there a simple , manual , non-machinery bubble blower on the online-market ? 
will have the most awesome people in her next semester philosophy class . 
miért van az , hogy a több tucat amcsi tv csatorna közül egy se adja az U20-as focidönt ? t ? :( bár lehet , hgoy jobban járok a nettel :) 
( L ) forralt bor at Christkindlemarket in Chicago . 
Thanks for Joy Sales , Evan Gratteau , Abraham K . and Alison Liu , I am still listening to Lady Gaga ... 
misses translating Latin . 
watched high school " prom " videos , stalked on professors , read secrets instead of writing her lab report . wonderful day . 
I LOVE my Calc prof . Assignment due TUESDAY , yaay ! ( He doesn't know how much sleep he saves for me ... ) 
did the wrong calc assignment all this time . Why James Stewart has to confuse us with 7.4 and 7.4 * ??? 
wants a cheap Hungarian restaurant in Chicago . 
I love the world ! 
white . 
van szaloncukra :) 
<3 poker when she has luck . 
" The instructor recognizes that extenuating circumstances may prevent you from attending a given class ( e.g. participation in scheduled extra- or co-curricular event , hospitalization , or family emergency , alien abduction , etc . ) . " 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being eaten by dragons is not something to be ashamed of . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying . 93% won't copy and paste this ... They have ... been eaten by dragons . 
Választani akar ! Miért pont most szüntetik meg a Chicagói konzulátust ? :( 
thinks she likes 3 hour bollywood movies :) 
nem fogja tudni látni a Magyarország-Ghána meccset :( 
overslept , but classes cancelled anyways , yaay ! :P 
NO 8AM class tomorrow !!! ( but i would do better getting up in time anyway .... ) 
How do I manage to lose my p-card just before everything starts ?! 
haven't received any e-mail on my grinnell address in two days O.O 
yay for social connections and being in the right place in the right time :) . 
But you don't really care for music , do you ? 
is going to Iowa State Fair on the 19th ! But will need transportation there ... anyone going there with car who is willing to take a couple of people with themselves too ? As Sara Woolery stated , you know you want to come ... ;) 
And now I can think about summer at last . 
I hacked you 
hates it when money is the problem :( 
????? ????... :D 
" Because the sun shines . " - Enoch N.A. Commey 
loves her friends <3 
listening to silly Chinese pop songs makes her realize how much she will miss Chinese classes :( . 
' s summer plans are working out ! Woah . 
shouldn't drink coffee ... 
so now , officially yaaay for social connections and being in the right place in the right time :P . 
back to Grinnell . 
Has ticket to HOME . :) 
After five hours of nap , ready for pancake ! :) 
understands a little tiny bit of Chinese still , realized before boarding to Taipei :) 
has a Little Prince ( ???? in manga ! :D ( and in Chinese and Japanese ) 
Hay Mahn Htun , Sofia T . Carpio , Fatemeh Elahi 
Please , check your college mailbox ! Hopefully , you have something there ;) 
Lord , prepare me ... 
How is the weather ? 
Two days until Budapest , five days until Grinnell ! Having two homes is weird ... 
New goal for Fall Break : get breakfast from the dining hall at least once . 
Midnight is magic . 
got " hacked " by her roommate . =P 
hax0rz haxing hack . 
Forgot to log out ... 
Hack hack hack hack hacked . 
HOME . With capital everything . 
