I shut the office down for the day and the company still tracked me down looking for Northern Territory update for the company newsletter . Wrote something as boring as the other states . I'm gonna lose my rep as a literary comic genius . 
Just for everyones info .. the bottle shop of the Top End Hotel is still open . They were told to close Lizards . Good to see the essential services hard at work . 
OMG there is a pigeon at my balcony door begging to come in ! 
Potholes 
That pigeon is back ! or rather a bar-shouldered dove according to Slater's guide . 
Was sitting down having a smoke outside when it landed on the table . It walked back and forth stopping every now and then to hold it head up , puff its chest out and stamp its feet . Damndest thing I ever saw . 
It either has a romantic interest in me or wants a fight . Not sure which is more scary . 
Once when I was a child I caught a fleeting glance . 
Hell hath no fury like a women scorned . 
Does that mean all scorned women go to heaven ? 
Alice Springs has the highest per capita of Lesbians in the country and the highest number of stabbings per capita . 
I'm not sure these two facts are unrelated . 
I'm off to the Alice tomorrow wish me luck ! 
Paragraph 187 of Penal Code 6260 , California State Vehicle Act , Chapter XVIII : 
It is a misdemeanour to shoot at any kind of game bird or mammal except a whale , from an automobile or airplane . 

Good to see driveby shooting whales is legal in California . I love the law , it's just comedy gold . 
Was going to post some smart arse comment about the Alice but I just don't have it in me . I don't mind the old town really . I could live here again . Got fond memories of the place , 3am at Bow's , closing time at the Todd , getting punched out on my 21st . As long as i don't get stabbed I think I'll enjoy the trip . 
Now Katherine .. that's a hole , not looking forward to visiting K-town in a couple of weeks . 
If you always expect the worst , all of life's surprises are pleasent ones . 
I think I maybe suffering from arachibutyrophobia . 
Romeo & Juliet - The timeless story of a fickle man-slut and his one-week romance with a thirteen-year-old girl . ---- SPOILER ALERT : They all die . 
It is no doubt possible to fly—but first you must know how to dance like an angel . 
Friedrich Nietzsche 
Isn't it funny 
How a bear likes honey ? 
Buzz ! Buzz ! Buzz ! 
I wonder why he does ? 
-Pooh Bear 
Is at home doing the paper work he should have done last week at work . 
I'm not nearly as organised as I should be 
If we're allotted three score and ten then that means 35 is middle aged . 
In the closing scene of Gone With the Wind , Scarlet says " Rhett , if you go , where shall I go ? What shall I do ? " He famously answers , " Frankly , my dear , I don't give a damn " . It took two writers a week to re-write that scene and come up with those lines . 
Real life hits you at point blank range , it doesn't give you time to write a script . 
My plan is so cunning that it makes a cunning rat look like burglar who disguised his face with false eyelashes 
You know what irony is , dont you , BaldricK ? 
' Course I do , Mr. Blackadder . It's like goldy and bronzy , only darker 
Either I think up an idea Baldrick or tomorrow , we die . Which I have to tell you I have no intention of doing because I want to be young and wild , and then I want to be middle aged and rich , and then I want to be old and annoy people by pretending that I'm deaf . 
Ok I'm breaking my own Blackadder rule , but if have got an ipod go to itunes and look for Rhythms del Mundo and download the latin version of I Fought The Law . It's most excellent . I've been jumping around my lounge room all evening . 
You twist and turn like a twisty-turny thing ! 
Nursie : That was another good idea ! You are so clever today , you better be careful your foot doesn't fall off . 
Queen Elizabeth : Does that happen , when you have lots of brilliant ideas ? Your foot falls off ? 
Nursie : Certainly does ! My brother , he had this brilliant idea of cutting his toenails with a scythe , and his foot fell off . 
OK How do you remove an event from your list ? 
It's strange it had I would be attending an event that I'm sure I was not invited to and don't remeber saying I'll attend . I've changed it to No but I can't remove the thing . 
If nothing else works , a total pig-headed unwillingness to look facts in the face will see us through . 
My mate the pigeon/dove is back . It really does have a problem with me smoking on the balcony . Maybe I should name it ? 
Why be real when you can be unreal ? 
After about four friggen weeks of paper shuffling I finally got me new work car . God it's good to be back behind the wheel of something that responds when you put your foot down . 
Gonna take a run out to Jabiru and back tomorrow and give her a test run . 
Lucky I got a couple of points spare on the licence . 
Double booked for Sat night ! Carnaval or Comedy Festival ? 
Gonna go comedy , haven't seen a good standup in ages plus Caraval is fancy dress , feathers and sequines is not a good look for me . 
Now Friday night is action packed with vacuuming and mopping ! 
was told recently that he looked like " one of the Beatles " . My guess is John , I sure as hell hope it wasn't Ringo . 
What happened to the dream of a paperless office ? Seriously , I work in a mass grave for trees . 
I was sitting out on the balcony and there was this pillar of light , like a broad fluffy column of smoke . The shadow of a howling wolf in front of it changed into a witch then the full moon broke through the cloud and shone onto the shadow revealing a tree . It was amazing ( and I'm completely sober ) . 
Leg warmers ! In the ' 80s girls had cold legs and wore leg warmers , now they don't . 
In my mind that is strong evidence of Global Warming . 
Bloody hell ! I've just been looking at my diary because of another conversation and I've realised that I have two private dance classes , two group dance classes , a lesson with some flash southerners and three social dance events . That's 15 to 17 hours practice next week ( depending how much bar leaning I do ) . 
I better make sure i have my weetbix in the mornings ! 
Weave a circle round him thrice , 
And close your eyes with holy dread , 
For he on honey-dew hath fed , 
And drunk the milk of Paradise . 
Had to punch a new hole in my belt . If I lose any more weight I will look like the grim reaper . So it's pancakes and cream with cupcakes for dinner tonight ! 
Is sitting down to do some stuff that needs doing and I've been putting off . 
But not after cleaning the bathroom as a delaying tactic ... and checking FB . 
Like all men I'm not a multi-tasker . Walking and talking at the same time has always been a challenge . 
How long have I had that car ? A week , two weeks ? Bloody thing has an electrical fault so it's off to the caryard tomorrow and they have 24 hours to fix it . I don't have the time to be off the road . I'm so fucked off tonight . 
What's more I gotta go the Alice next week for a stabbing , just what I need . I tell you if I have to spend any more than three days down there I going to stab someone myself . I just wish people would consider the inconvenience to others before they pick up a knife . 
is likely to be carless for the rest of the week . Happy Joy . 
Is anyone else disappointed that seamonkeys did not turn out to be little mermaid people ? 
Everyone ready for another action packed day at work ? 
Some Insurance trivia : Lloyd’s developed a policy to cover loss of chest hair which could adversely impact one’s image or career . Under the terms of the policy , the policyholder would have to lose more than 85 per cent of his chest hair through an injury to his chest in order to make a claim . This loss would then have to be verified by a panel of trichologists . 
Despair ... when dissing just one of them is not enough . 
So much for demanding the car be fixed in 24 hours , if I'm lucky I get it back on Monday . 
It's Friday ! Time for an ipod party . 
Most excellent night , I think I can do a whole song without completely boring my partner . Just more practice needed . 
Got threatened again . As far as threats go it's pretty tame . " I'm gonna hunt you down " . He didn't say what the big pay off at the end is . Maybe he's gonna hunt me down and give me a big hug ! 
The desert is green and cold an ' I'm tired and hungry . 
nose how two right grate 
80% of life is just turning up 
Needs more practice . 
There was a big 70th birthday party at the hotel last night . I tell you what them old geezers know how to party . Due to the noise I could not get a wink of sleep until well after two . 
Unlike the Stuart Hwy the Finke Road has no pothole , lots of dust mind you but no potholes . As an aside it's really amazing how tough hirecars can be . 
Plane a bit late arriving . Was going to go to Bogarts but I'm too tired . Gonna make sure I bushy tailed enough to face tomorrow . 
For those that missed it . In the NT News today p29 in the Community Diary , inbetween the Yoga classes and Bingo nights is the notice " The Australian Sex Party was input from the community " . Didn't think the sex party suffered from a lack of input but there you go . 
A lot of werid stuff is gonna happen when pigs learn to fly . 
The QLD plastic surgeon has refused to operate on my daughter because he disagrees with the diagnosis . Never mind that she has been examined by two SA dermatologists who consulted with a third . He wants a referal from a QLD doc he knows . You would think a plastic surgeon would jump at the chance to do real medicine and not just another boob job . Annoyed . 
Was trying to make a sandwitch but was having trouble getting past slices of fresh crusty bread with butter . 
It was a good evening , dinner with family for Brother Dan's birthday ( I'm not getting fish at hogs breath again ) followed by some social salsa . I'm still not as good a dancer as I want but I'm comfortable about going to Noumea , I think . 
Skippy for tea tonight ! Now roo is high in protein but has a really low fat content . So to fix that problem I cooked em in cream with mushrooms and leaks . Hummmm 
Put fluffy on the plane today . He will need lots of fuss and hugs from Katya Bacon when he gets to Townsville . 
Another night on the boards . I've come to the realisation that half the girls at Bogarts got no idea what the're doing . They just expect to be pulled around . Now over-confidence is not a crime I'm commonly guilty of and I know I'm really ordinary but I was sober and my lead was clear . I'm not gonna take advice from someone with no frame . 
is in Katherine and needs to catch up on his sleep , but will catch with Danny Bacon first . 
I've got a bank manager ? Didn't even know I owned a bank . 
If we are what we eat , then I'm cheap , easy and quick . 
It's a game isn't it . 
What is ? 
Chess . 
Yesterday was a great day but now it's time to go to the office , there is work to be done . 
Regrets are the natural property of grey hairs - Charles Dickens 
Looks like I missed out on the wedding . I did see True Grit , the 14 year old girl got to shoot her father's killer so it was a happy ending . 
Was having a think about parenthood today , ya know much of it seems to involve combing headlice out of kids hair . 
Lazy day today , my gunna do list didn't change . Was happy just to let time slide past , only a couple of days to go now . 
Worker's of the world unite you have nothing to lose but your jobs . 
Everyone enjoy their May Day holiday ? Spent most of mine at the office maybe I should have done some work yesterday . 
I just saw a white girl doing the stop/go thing at roadworks . Now when I say white I mean white , the colour of something you find under a rock . If your that fair in Darwin don't get a job that involves standing in the sun all day , or at least wear long pants . She is going to feel it tomorrow . 
I woke before my alarm and here I was worried that because I was out late at Bogarts I would sleep in and miss my flight . So the plan is Coolabah club in Sydney tonight , party at La Bodega a l'Ase Vata tomorrow and then Bachata on the beach sunset Friday ! 
Long time since I've been to Sydney , the town is still pretty ordinary . Everyone was wearing black or grey and looked as drab as the buildings . By comparision Darwin is modern and colourful . Salsa was good , so much more to learn . 
Alright I've finally figured how to take and save photos with the phone . Just got to work out how to get them onto the comp now . Should have brought some of the work camera gear , I could have got video without anyone knowing . 
RIP Aunty Cissy . 
Made it back home , as it goes Sunday nights party was shut down by the French police . The usual " musics too loud , neighbours been complaining " line . 
Ran into the best dressed begger I have ever met on the weekend . He was an islander wearing a designer shirt and flash pair of shoes and the scan up and down he gave me suggested he was not too impressed with my style . Did not stop him from asking for money and smokes ( in both French and English ) from me and everyone else passing by . 
Broke my glasses this afternoon , which was a bugga . Everyone was dancing with Mr Magoo tonight . Time to have some well needed sleep . 
There are two kinds of people in the world , those who have a Zombie plan , and those who are going to die . 
There are two kinds of people in the world , people who think there are two kinds of people in the world and those who don't . 
the only voice I hear in my head is my own .. and god I talk a lot of crap . 
A bear walks 10km south , 10km east then 10km north and finds itself back where it started . What colour is the bear ? 
Our modern interconnected world allows information to reach everyone in moments . Is democracy , liberty or sexual equality sweeping the globe . Nope .. Planking is . 
Alright , letting everyone know that I giving up smoking as of 5 hours ago . I'm doing it the same way as I did last time ( well next to last time ) . Morning jogging , patches and drinking myself to sleep . All going to plan at the mo . Peer preasure is important in this so feel free to mock me mercilessly if you see me strike up a durry . 
Having midnight cheese , icecream and beer . 
One of the side effects of nic patches is vivid dreams and I've had some real corkers this week . Hayley Smith do you do dream interpreting with your tarot reading stuff ? Perhaps I should ask Cassie Bibby and Tess about the Freud/Jung line in dream symbolism . ( Although I should point out none have involved my mother ) 
Got a Xmas gift from the professional association I'm involved with last week . OK so it was a month late , that's cool still nice to get a gift . 
But Cufflinks ? What am I gonna do with bloody cufflinks ? 
Monday and the afternoon , is baring down on me . 
I'm watching the clock and , the clock is watching me . 
Nobody can say what the matter is , I'm trying to recharge my batteries , 
I'm a hard worker , But I ain't working on a Monday . 
St. Monday's still the weekend to me . 
Just got back from a management meeting at Wisdoms . Drank a lot and achieved nothing . I think the only reason senior management visit an outpost like Darwin is so they can suck piss . At least it was not on my entertainment budget ( not that I'm complaining) ! 
' s Christmas Grammar Lesson 
" Santa is coming to town " - Active voice 
" Our town will be visited by Santa " - Passive voice 
" Coming Santa he is , to town " - Yoda's voice 
A Haiku status , 
It's short - fits the box well , 
I ask why would you ? 
Poker night Saturday night went well . Lost less then I planned too , counts as a win for me . 
Wiping out the human race ? That's a great idea . That's great . But more of a long-term thing . I mean , first we have to focus on more immediate goals . - 12 Monkeys 
Yay ! Signed contract to sell the house today . Soon , so very soon will be debt free for the first time in two decades ( Ohh I will be homeless too ... I guess ) :) 
Scroll to the bottom of your Facebook page where it says in little blue letters , " English ( UK ) . " Click on it . When the language box pops up , click on the arrow next to " English ( UK ) and select " English ( Pirate ) . " When you've stopped laughing , paste this as your status . 
This FB ad tells me that there are 53,097 gorgeous mature women that live near me . That block of units next door is bigger than I thought . 
Just rang the crew , Lara is tired from staying up all last night packing and cooking and is getting some sleep . Jake was complaining about the food they brought . Katya was talking about her making animals craft thing she got and Connor was blowing air into the phone and laughing . All good . 
WARNING !! PLEASE READ . If someone comes to your 
front door and asks you to remove your clothes and dance with your arms 
in the air . DO NOT do this . It is a scam . They just want to see you 
naked . Please copy and paste this to your status . I wish I had received 
this yesterday . I feel so ... stupid now ...... 
Lara and the kids are in a manditory evactuation zone . They have been registered with the red cross and are off to the shelter at the uni in the morning . Winds in Townsville are only tipped to hit 150kph but their new unit is in the storm surge . The only street in their suburb as it goes . 
Ninjas make the best dancers , but nobody can ever see them . 
Pirate or Ninja ? 
has time on his hands and is trying to wipe it off . 
has been saying bubble over and over this evening . Katya always willing to indulge her dad joined in but Connor thought to was all a bit silly . 
The real charm of bubble is unlike Bang or Moo it doesn't imitate a sound but rather a shape . 
Shakespear was on the mark when he created the word ... however he was also responsible for Zany which alas is a mark against him . 
My second new years resolution is not to be eaten by a shark in 2011 . 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone . 
42 , I'm now two 21 year olds rolled into one package . 
Work car buggered . Waiting for tow truck . 
has moved into his new unit and is living between stacks of boxes . The kids are staying with me until they leave for Queensland on the weekend . 
Only one more sleep till Salsa night ! 
Yay , got permission to buy a new work car . Thank gawd , I was so over the old van but alas the allocated budget won't get me the merc I've been eyeing off . 
To the guy ( or girl ? ) who took a dump on the office door step . I'm sure you were just delivering a stool sample but you got the wrong address and forgot to lable it . 
Darwin is such a classy town . 
In the study of history the Modern Era is post the French Revolution . After two days of looking at units for rent I think realestate agents use the same time frame when they say " modern kitchen " . 
After three extensions and half an hour after we threatened to rip up the contract the sale of the house is finally unconditional . 
With the collapse of the sale my finances writhed before me like an orgy of snakes , I didn’t know how to untangle it without getting bitten . Like fairy floss in the rain it has all melted away . Today was a good day . 
Lara and the kids are all well impressed with the uni digs at the shelter . Bigger and better than their own unit . I don't think they will want to leave when it is over 
Love all , trust a few . Do no wrong to none . - William Shakespeare 
If I stopped working my work life balance would be most excelent . 
hopes the milkman of human kindness leaves you all an extra pint in the morning . 
HOME NEEDED for grey cat ! 
She is 9 years old arrogant , occasionally demanding and de-sexed . She is the last member of the family without a home and if I don’t find one in the next few days she will have to take a one way trip to the vet . 
She is afraid of the outdoors , grass , small rodents , water and anything else that doesn’t involve being pampered . 
survived the weekend , although the swollen right knee will take a few days to come down . 
Alcohol is a great social lubricant but it does not help by right hand turn when I salsa . 
" I'm the Nine Inch Nails of salsa " - Cecillia Noel 
I think that claim is a bit much myself . 
Vyvyan : I must be hallucinating . What's a good thing for a hangover ? 
Mike : Drinking heavily the night before . 
The Young Ones still make me laugh . 
Do you have to be dead to donate your body to science ? 
Really , really wants an offer on his house at the open today . 
Found out today he may have to follow his kids to Queensland ... finally saw Jake gainfully employed ... and is wondering why he is still writing reports at 9:30 pm . 
Tomorrow I'm going to go out and dance . I'll sort everything else out on Wednesday . 
is wondering how long Dave ' dJ-inc ' Johnson will be able to hang onto the flash new work phone before he loses that one . 
My mobile internet is soooo slooooow 
Girls ! You're both such lovely girls ! Don't fight . And if you do , fight nice . With pillows . And jim-jams . - Black Books 
Spent the morning with the kids bowling with a paper-mâché ball and coke bottle pins . Don't know why I got them xmas presents . 
When I grow up I want to be a pirate-ninja . A shadow that slips through the night and says Ahhhrrrr . 
I've spent years interviewing people and I've come to the conclusion that what is said does not matter half as much as what is not said . The spaces between words are loaded with meaning . 
Aim for the impossible , you won't hit it but you get close . 
was going to be captain sensible and spend Friday evening watching tellie , but got two invites to head into town . Bumped into heaps of people I know at Throb , was a great night . 
Let's eat Grandma ! 
Let's eat , Grandma ! 
Commas can save lives . 
Sheik Yerbouti ! 
Unit all clean , fresh cut flowers in the vase on the table and gingerbread men baking in the oven . A regular Home & Garden day today . 
can't believe his kids are sleeping in . 
Merry Christmas everyone ! 
Oh Lara rang TIO this morning and tried to get the address for our home contents insurnace changed from the old house to the new unit in Townsville . Not surprisingly they did not want a bar of it ! 
Today I kissed my kids goodbye as they headed off interstate . I then went back to the old house and went through their rooms trying to decided what stuff I could keep/store at my unit and what was to go to the dump . I kept finding small things that made me cry . Today was my darkest day . 
The doctor told me this week that I was drinking far to much coke . Guess I will have to start drinking my scotch straight . 
Now is the winter of my discothèque . 
My new years resolution is to remember what happend on new years eve . 
at least salsa was great .. off to Bogart's now . 
It was a dark and stormy night ... and shit load of water on the roads . Be careful driving out there kids . Avoid Bagot Road thats a river and Rapid Creek as per usual has bust its banks and is over McMillans Road . 
Got a touch of the sun on my rihgt arm on the drive down to K-town . Might have to drive backwards when I go home to balance out the tan on my left arm . 
WARNING ! Don't grow up , it's a trap . 
Got me a webcam and made a video call to the kids this evening which was really cool but it took me five hours to set it up . 
A message to the IT people out there , you have to black box your tech . I want to be able to push a button and make it work not recite arcane chants known only by the initiated ! If you can't make things idiot proof you're not servicing your customers . 
Lava lamps are cool , water beds are not . 
Bugger 
Schools and the public service are closed tomorrow . I'm offically closing the office for the day . Dave ' dJ-inc ' Johnson have the day off mate . 
Just spoke to Lara and the kids . Only just begining to get gusty . Lara visited the unit to get somemore gear to take back and the army guys there said they are expecting a metre of water to go through their unit . Lucky they ain't purchased much gear yet . 
I thought Valentines day was yesterday ! 
Another great Salsa class followed by an evening at Bogart's where I wriggled my little arse off . 
Now it is time to pop down to the office and make sure it is all ready for the visit by the big boss from down south and to write my performance appraisal ( which is only 7 months late ! ) cos ' the big boss said he want to see it tomorrow . 
Update from Lara and the kids , she has visited the unit . Lots of power lines down and one end of the street blocked . The unit has smashed windows and is all very wet . No power obviously but the bits they stored in the hich cupboards is fine . She expects to be staying at the uni shelter at least for the next day . 
Lets say you had a drink or two with the Big Boss last night . Talking biz for a while then you tell Big Boss you're going home . But instead of going home you get found by the Big Boss asleep at your desk in the office . 
Does that say dedicated company man or just hopeless drunk who forgot where he lived ? 
