In Hawaii till the 23rd now , but I have managed to bum off my neighbor's wifi . Hopefully they don't find out ... 
Yay for stuff . 
I'm gonna be in Hawaii until the 13th . Probably not going to have time to use the internet so I won't be on . 
Back from Hawaii ! It's about time . I missed being able to do things other than drive around and swim . 
Anyone know when spring break is at Mesa ? 
Calculus test friday . AWESOME ! T-T 
Ok peeps . We have officially moved . If you wanna know where to , then let me know and I'll message you the address . 
BAM ! Robots gave us six extra seconds of cooperation . Good job robots . 
Movie time . Megashark vs Crocosaurus . Awesome . 
" America believes in education : the average professor earns more in a year than a professional athlete earns in a whole week . " -Evan Esar 
First day of work was pretty sweet . Sold a bunch of TVs . If only I got payed by commission ... 
I'm going on a road trip for the next week up to Yosemite . 
I just watched a daddy long legs attack a mosquito hawk . It was pretty intense . 
I don't want to study for my calculus test tomorrow ..... 
Merry Christmas ev'ry body ! 
It's mah berfday and I'll ... do some english homework cause I have to ... 
My phone screen is broken . No idea how it happened but now it can't do much else besides make and receive calls . I can't tell who's calling though so it's a bit of a pain . 
I returned last night from my week and a half trip to Yosemite and back . Took forever but it the geology up there is pretty spectacular . All in all , I rode my motorcycle 1627 miles . I will be posting some pictures when I get around to locating the camera ... Glad to be back in my comfy bed though . 
Anyone wanna hang out some time this week ? 
Just under 180 miles from San Diego . We stopped at Starbucks to wait out the traffic so we won't be on the road till 6 or so . Looking forward to sleeping in my comfy bed again ... 
Because I enjoy finding ways to waste time , I have made a formspring account where you people can ask me whatever you want . I can't really guarantee the accuracy of every answer but I can at least say that I will do my best to be entertaining . You can find it here : formspring.com/shoekabob 
Apparently I am on the Dean's Honor List as Mesa ... was not expecting to get a letter saying so ... 
I'm finally starting to be able to do calculus . Thank God . 
There's no time to explain , grab onto our tongues ! 
Anybody with a PS3 , get on the store and download the open beta of Killzone 3 . I need some peeps for kicking ass . 
Guess what tomorrow is .... That's right , it's Saturday ! Oh it's Christmas too . 
So we just found a large amount of scary looking legal documents taped to the front door of our house ... Probably gonna have to move soon . 
Happy Thanksgiving every body . Let's all do our part to lower the Turkey population tonight . It's your duty as Americans . Don't forget the mashed potatoes either . Those are just as important . 
I gots me a job at Costco and I'm starting tomorrow . Yay for me . 
I got a new phone so if you guys would be so kind as to message me your numbers that would be great . 
My Mom's computer got the great " system tools " virus . Now if only it would let me do a system restore ... It will probably just show up again later on anyway . 
