Life goes by so fast , you only wanna do what you think is right 
i love rancids new stuff entirely too much <3 
I need to get film developed .. 
around with lauren and stuff 
no bullshit . 
sick and fustrated of always being sick and fustrated . going out till forever .. 
going away party . 
my whole neighboorhood hates me 
not sleeping .. 
doesn't feel like it's the last day 
(: ( : 
tornado watch ? what the hell ?! 
out till forever .. 
dying my hair for the second time this week ? maybeee 
i'm too lazy .. 
brockton fair ? 
got my warped ticket (: 
silkcuts <3 
i'm getting sick of you .. 
is anyone selling a polaroid camera ? 
just got home from the beach ,, come pick me up 
I wish I could sleep 
(: 
everyone addicted to the same nicotine , everyone addicted to the same gasoline , everyone addicted to a technicolour scream , everybody trying to get their hands on same green 
someone come pick me up .. 
boston tomorrow ? 
it would be stormy tomorrow the day of warped tour .. 
juliann's house (: 
driving around with alex for a bit .. 
goood daaaayyyy 
fire at lauren's and swimmin 
sharon tonight ? 
just came back from bringing a baby hawk to the animal shelter . taking pictures with cassie . amaazzing mooood ! 
and fuck all your deceiving , what is your fake heart fake fucking bleeding 
playing with paints with cassie (: 
so sick and fustrated of always being sick and fustrated . i don't know . 
anyone i was with last night who has pictures , send them to me (: 
): 
can't text unless it's verizon , but call if you want .. going to jessie's grad party with alex later 
I'll show you mine if you show me yours first , let's compare scars I'll tell you whose is worse . 
bad mood .. taking a nap until i leave for rik's later with kim and cassie . 
dying my hair 
goood daaaaayyyyy 
chilli's with alex (: 
Waaaarped tour ! 
sorry i'm late , i was out spoiling my liver 
http://www.flickr.com/photos/saran_photographs/ 
in VA for the rest of the week , my laptop's acting funny again .. 
juliann's for the night with alex cassie and kim (: 
come pick me uppp ?! 
caffiene fix (: 
got a jobbbb .. 
guess you had other things in store , guess i felt i was through 
erica and alex (: 
out celebrating juliann's 18th birthday with everyone 
i think i need at least two more weeks of summer 
outt . good mooood (: 
friday (: kim's saturday night then king richard's fair then party with maah killahs <33 love my life 
VA for a week .. 
Not ready to start high school again at all .. 
I don't know what to do with myself 
And I won't have to quit doing fucked up shit for anyone but me . 
i'm really fed up with this 
goooood mooood ! 
lemon tea (: 
You know that you are worthless and I am better than the games that you play . With Cassssieeee (: 
weird .. 
coming home tonight 
I'll take you to the top of this building and just push you off . Run down the stairs so I can see your face as you hit the street . With Cassie and out later with people . Boston tomorrowand ya know (: 
goooood day , good mood . yeeah 
smile in my face better watch your back , two-faced motherfucker gets both jaws cracked .. 
I gave you these roses now but I left in the thorns , I'd rather hurt someone than hurt myself . I'll dispose of you like a lighter out of fuel , I'll lose you somewhere on a dusty shelf . So this love's been worn down , like songs on a tape , the sex has lost all of its fun , like gum loses taste . And you're , you're addicted to the drug of lust , detoxing the cold sweat of shame and I love your pain 
I don't know what to do with myself :/ 
I don't know what I should do about this .. :/ but hanging with cassie matt and paul ! 
You were my compass , leading me to nowhere fast . Promises were lonely roads I followed you down like a map .. out with some of my favoritessss (: 
somethings ain't like the weather , they never change for the better 
around the house . then going to see halloween with mah killlaaahs later . then staying over cassie's and yaa know 
october ! ( : 
I try to make it work out for the best and I know I've gotta clean up all this mess . If I knew when I started where this all would end , I'd probably do it all over again . 
you have every right to be this appalled with me , join the club , i signed up a long time ago and i know how you feel 
gravity 
don't know why i'm surprised this happened . 
chillis with alex (: then who knowsss 
I'll take you to the top of this building and just push you off . Run down the stairs so I can see your face as you hit the street . Cassie Juliann and Nick and whoever else (: 
sooo i don't get how to do my philosophy essay .. 
How many times did you tell me I was wrong , but I didn't listen to you and I only stayed strong . In a world where people don't hang on too long , I belong , I belong , prove me wrong , prove me wrong . I ain't worried about a goddam thing , I hear them talking , I ain't listening . 
pictures with lauren (: 
I took a blowtorch to both of my lungs a long long time ago 
king richards fair tomorrow (: 
Working on some stuff , then taking more pictures with Lauren . Hopefully weather will get nicer (: 
pissed/annoyed/fustrated .. but going out with kim cassie and lana soon so hopefully that'll fix that (: king richard's tomorrow and beach party on monday (: ( : 
Every breath that I could barely breathe could barely make it past my teeth . I took a blowtorch to both of my lungs a long long time ago . 
the best defense is playing hard to get 
paper bags .. 
Couldn't hear a word you said , I couldn't hear at all . You talked until your tongue fell out . And then you talked some more 
It's been a long time since I've been close to you , it's been a long time since I've been sad , it's been a while since I've really spent time with you , wish I could take back the times that I had . The only thing that you ever really did for me was make me oh so miserable , and the hope that I never see your face again is anything but questionable 
Who's going to hempfest on saturday ? ( : 
hempfest tomorrow 
Haha so karma is good (: 
soo stoked for this weeek . and for salem on saturday ya knowww 
they said everything would work out just fine , i just went crazy , but i'm better now having a good time being selfish and drunken and vulgar and lazy 
lazy day (: 
with my killllahs (: 
all my friends are anchor end 
Stood by your side you put a knife in my back , never ever thought it'd be you who would do me like that , but we live and we learn , or so it's said , one thing about you , I can't wait till you're dead . The mistakes I've made won't happen again . 
Thought crimeeeee 
a wilhelm scream saturdaay ? whaaaat 
some people are poison , under my skin like opium 
who's going to a wilhelm scream on saturday ? 
Artist essays and college things .. out with Lauren later maybe and then Twenty Twelve show in Worcester (: 
there was no surprises with that .. getting sorta bored of this , getting kinda sick of you . avoiding artist essays and last minute college things . probably going out to take pictures later . 
not going to have my artist project done by tomorrow 
who's going to m-80 and big d this saturdaaay ?! 
in the process of dying my hair (: 
caffeine in my blood stream 
Whyyy are there so many cop cars at Sing Yee ? What the hell 
All my friends are murderers 
They say compassion is a virtue , but I don't have the time 
my facebook was hacked ... 
salem state trip today (: out later .. trying to go to m-80 and big d saturday who's going ? 
i want your horror i want your design cause you’re a criminal as long as your mine 
yesterday was interestnig . trying to finish my artist birthday painting for tomorrow , then thinking about dying my hair 
Think it's time for a change of pace 
Never had a drink that I didn't like . Got a taste of you , threw up all night . 
mars volta and trying to finish up college things . baking cookies and then maybe a day beyond prerelease show ? 
ive been loved ive been hated to me its all the same , embraced by a lover or your cursing my name 
can't text or recieve texts from non verizon phones until tomorrow .. 
baking brownies (: 
zippers and buttons fun to frustrate them , they get so angry like pouty children denied their candy I laugh right at them .. hahahaha 
i hate this weather 
Baking soo many cookies .. Jason's picking me tomorrow and bringing me to school .. who I haven't seen in entirely too long .. muffin day in physc .. probably baking somemore and wrapping presents then who knows (: 
going away party with kim cassie juliann and who knows who else (: 
coffeeee&placebooo (: 
Merry Christmas (: 
smile in my face , better watch your back , two faced motherfucker gets both jaws cracked 
and her nerves are shot . and she starts to rot , from the inside out . she said i don’t need you to save me , but there’s people here trying to play me 
its annoying but i'm not surprised . out with lauren doing the usual .. then out with her and alex and erica 
yayy for christmas brandy 
dying my hair later maybe .. 
i need a burst of inspiration 
with casssieee (: 
if you love somebody better tell them so cause you never ever ever no when they gonna go , if they love you back , just give thanks , cant keep love like money in the bank 
bumming around with farrin 
So the Rev from A7X died today ? 
i've seen more spine in jellyfish , i've seen more guts in eleven-year-old kids .. around and out with lauren 
New Years Eveeee 
Life is too short so love the one you got cause you might get run over or you might get shot 
“Straight men need to be emasculated . I'm sorry . They all need to be slapped around . Women have been kept down for too long . Every straight guy should have a man's tongue in his mouth at least once . ” - Madonna .. hahahaha 
chiillllin with jess (: 
trying to catch up with my art stuff .. 
No bullshit 
boston soon with mike nicole and russ for a while 
soo i just want this month to be over .. 
psycho groupie cocaine crazy 
and her nerves are shot and she starts to rot from the inside out she said i don’t need you to save me , but there’s people here trying to blame me and there’s no jobs that will pay me , enough to feed my family and I got my back up against the wall .. 
Mommy , can I go out and kill tonight ? 
This week , just seems like one really long big day 
Crowded 
got more done on my still life than i thought i would 
so i got a job .. 
coffee and attempting to work on my still life that i'm waay too behind in 
you don’t impress me , you don’t intimidate me , why don’t you bow down , get on the ground , walk this fucking plank . 
Today is going to be a productive day 
Laurenlaurenlauren (: 
trying to wake up a certain someone to maybe go to boston todayy 
So let the love tear us apart I've found the cure for a broken heart let it tear us apart 
There's nothing you and I won't do , I'll stop the world and melt with you 
" If the sun refused to shine , I would still be lovin ' you . When mountains crumble to the sea , there will still be you and me . " 
I think it's time for vacation now . 
I never thought this day would end , I never thought thought this night could ever be , this close to meee . 
How will we know where we're going when we're not sure where we've been ? How many crimes can we commit before we have sinned ? 
dont like not knowing whats going on 
Fuck Scott Brown .. 
For all the weed that i'v smoked yeah this blunts for you , to all the people i've offended , yeah fuck you too . to all the friends i used to have , i miss my past but the rest of you assholes can kiss my ass . for all the drugs that i've done i'm still gonna do , to all the people i've offended , yeah fuck you too , for everytime i reminisce , i miss my past , but i still don't give a fuck , you all can kiss my ass 
' freedom ' collage , sketchbook assignments , still lifes , clay sculptures , and political linoleum prints .. 
" this gun is pointed right at your heart . " " that is my least vulnerable spot . " 
much needed chill-sesh with lauren farrin and erica soon 
yayayayay (: 
Victorian tea-pots .. 
Rocky Horror tonight (: 
I wish I was your favorite girl , I wish you thought I was the reason you are in the world . 
sweeeet deal .. 
Trying to get all of my artist birthday stuff done before I go out , not happening 
wake up in the morning with nothing to do gimme one reason and i'll be drunk by noon i take that back , i don't need no reason at alll 
Illustration class in Boston today (: 
needs to buy a polaroid camera . 
can't keep love like money in the bank 
Finally finished my friday forum ! 
“To be brave is to love someone unconditionally , without expecting anything in return . To just give . That takes courage , because we don't want to fall on our faces or leave ourselves open to hurt . ” ~ Madonna 
Into the seaaa , you and me . 
Trying to be productive 
Dying . And avoiding friday forums .. wooo 
Cambridge tomorrow to visit Lesley College (: 
i need sunshineeee 
losing my mindddddd 
coffee never tasted so good 
just wanna use up a little of your time 
Got into Lesley University ! (: 
I walked with a zombie . 
painting class would be a little bit more bearable if it was 12-2 instead of 12-4 ..... 
and fuck all of your deceiving , what's your fake heart fake fucking bleeding ? 
die 
am i loud and clear , or am i breaking up , am i still your charm , or am i just bad luck .. 
i've got it now , like a thorn in my side the size of a cadillac driving through cause backing out now would be next to impossible , i had it all , when i was with you i forgot about everything , eighteen months i won't breathe for eighteen months , i don't deserve this , i don't deserve this 
And like the sea , I'm constantly changing from calm to ill 
So let me get this straight : Larry King is getting his 8th divorce , Elizabeth Taylor is possibly getting married for a 9th time , Britney Spears had a 55 hour marriage , Jesse James and Tiger Woods , while married , were having sex with EVERYONE . Yet , the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ? Really ? Re-post to your page if you agree . Proud to support equal rights for ALL 
build me a boat so i can go to painting please 
And is it getting better , is it getting worse ? Was it ever worth it , was it just a curse ? And is it getting better now .... 
taking a break from all of this english to hang out with amber (: 
drink drank punk pink pank drunk 
painting class , then getting stuff done then going home to have a lazy night with mike (: 
just remembered i have left over chinese food .. writing my essay isn't all that bad now .... 
successfully altered my pistols shirt , even fits a little bit better now 
!!! 
i don't care if it hurts i want to have control , i want a perfect bodyyy i want a perfect soul .. 
finishing this painting essay then going to have a relaxing night at mikes (: 
boston then going over to mikes for the night 
someone come to borderland with mee .... 
I need a break from routine ... 
had a lovely shopping trip with Amber Thomas 
Well it was ugly but we made it this far , some have gone but I forget who they are . 
Now the hangovers are worse but we get through them fine . Sleeping late but we're not lazy , getting older but we're still crazy , I’m so glad that I have these friends of mine 
you got no fear for the underdog , that's why you will not survive 
If you have a tumblr ... intotheseaaa.tumblr.com 
you're what keeps me believing the world's not gone dead . 
blah starting to use skype again ... sara . nielsen45 
It's one of those weeks ... 
Feeling depressed everyday , leaving without making a sound , picking my dog up at the pound , living in a tweaker pad , getting yelled at by my dad 
my hands around you're throat and i think i hate you . 
I am a rock , I am an island 
am i still your charm or i am just bad luck .. 
To the world you might be one person , but to one person you might be the world . 
borderland with mike (: 
had a great weekend , going back to dartmouth later .. 
I’m so sick of therapy and all the things it’s done to me , how can I be satisfied when everything is overrated ? 
you must learn to trust no one , smile as we charge into the sun 
Should have withdrew from this english class .. 
Out with Amber Thomas (: 
Exhausted . But had a wonderful time at Horseneck . 
Wish I was seeing Bad Religion right now aah 
Someone come see Social D with me on May 15 , I need to see them again . Please ? 
:/ 
Lets see .. I have an essay for thursday , a revision for tuesday , a painting due friday , two drawing for monday plus the two for the final project , copper sculpture for tuesday , and maybe an extra credit assignment on Our City Dream if I have time for Monday .. basically .... adderall and coffee are my best friends right now . 
Final painting crit ! 
Had a wonderful weekend .. back at UMD last week of school waddup 
Last structure drawing crit ! 
All I have left is a crit in metals thursday morning (: 
Missing A Wilhelm Scream once again this weekend ): 
I hate formspring . Ask me questions on formspring .. http://www.formspring.me/saraabaraaa 
no alarms and no surprises ... 
first class in new bedford today .. 3d metals shop : ) 
Just one more line I repeat over and over again until i'm blue in the face with a choking regret as I talk in circles around you on my bed 
Calming , calming down 
just back from a spontaneous trip to the hookah bar (: about to make some raspberry tea . 
give me your eyessss 
I don't remember getting here , it seems to be sometime next year 
ive been loved ive been hated , to me its all the same , embraced by a lover or your cursing my name 
home for the weekend .. can't wait to see mike when he gets out of work ! 
I could use a dream or a genie or a wish , to go back to a place much simpler than this 
You're what keeps me believing the world's not gone dead , strength in my bones put the words in my head 
today was a good day for being outside drawing boston park scenery (: 
i feel like i'm losing my miiiind 
runnningg around robbing banks all wacked off of scooobyyy snackss 
Oh heyy lauren (: 
feeling sooooo tired i can barely function , but i wanna have a fire haha 
A lot of things can change , alot of tears will dry , there's no way out of your head I can't still drink like I'm trying . I never had to work too hard , let's keep working it and working it working it and working it 
If I knew myself , I'd run away 
Sometimes I feel so happy , sometimes I feel so sad . Sometimes I feel so happy , but mostly you just make me mad . 
slowwwww motion see me let go 
anti-flag , laundry and finally starting my life drawing life size portrait . productivity at it's finest i'd say ....... 
Warpedddd 
mike , hot cocoa , empire records , captains , kittens comfy , blankets , and maybe some hot cocoa ... seems like a good night to me (: 
just gonna stand there and watch me burn well that's alright because i like the way it hurts .. waking up and going to mikes soon . 
happy fourtwozero 
your heart's in the moon , and i'm aiming right at you 
fuck facebook for not letting me upload pictures 
One more line I repeat over and over again till I'm blue in the face with a choking regret as I talk in circles around you on my bed ... ' ughhhh what am i suppose to do when you cant even take care of yourself .. why should i go down with you ? 
Providence ! ( : 
Chocolatechip pancake birthday breakfast with my girls , then boston with mike nicole and russ . then i don't know . (: 
Limo ride to Boston with Mike , Nicole and Russ later (: (: 
Now it's time for a bit of the old ultra violence 
ac moore trip with farrin soon (: 
don't ever fade away i need you here today 
Graduating today ! Dinner with parents , nana and mike after .. and then doing i don't even know with him for the night . <3 class of ' 10 ~ 
buy me social d tickets for my birthday this sat ? ;) 
fuck this fucking week 
soo sick but can't wait to come home friday and see Mike and Erica Tramontano (: 
seriously , don't talk to me like you're above me in anyway or that you're anymore intelegent than i am ... 
Out with 2 of my favorite girls for the night (: (: 
All I wanna do is bake some cookies 
feeling kinda fucked for visual language .. i'd rather be working on any other project than this .. aaah 
She said " Some days I feel like shit , some days I wanna quit .. " 
flogging molly tomorrow night ? 
job hunting take two 
follow me on tumblr ... intotheseaaa.tumblr.com 
With Nicole (: It's soo lovely out ! 
Happy Earth Day ... job hunting take three .. 
insane in the membrane 
Meet me in outerspace , we could spend the night , watch the earth come up 
in the process of glazing my square bowl for art ... 
blahh 
just give me medicine prescibe me anything just knock me out and walk me through that door i have no desire to see through my own eyes anymore , anymore 
I'd love to touch the sky tonight , I'd love to touch the sky . 
Photoadventure and exploring with Farrin Fresh 
blah really not something i should have started last minute . oh well 
Your mouth's always open , you think you're so damn smart . Without all your friends you just fall apart . 
It's too cold in my house for my liking . Just woke up from a nap .. I'm not sure what I'm doing .. out with Lauren I think . 
My moods are always changing they say it's my mis-sharp brain in this asylum they call earth they call me insane 
I wanna give you the world if you just stay with me tonight 
I hate having a bunch of ideas , but not knowing what to do or how to use them . 
when we met you got the best of me , ihad an appetite for destruction , you had the recipe 
feeling like taking a vacation from my life , just even for one a day .. blah 
is it weird , even though i'm an art major , that maybe 80 or 90 percent of what i'm packing is art supplies 
Got a couple throw away cameras developed last night that i've had since 9th grade ... things from dinner dance to last years warped tour are on them ... 
boston for the day with my favorite boy (: 
just got home from the cape , going to mikes after resting a bit 
going to erica's grad party 
love that my phone won't charge .. 
Woke up to kittens being born next to me at 5am today . Offically got my portfolio accepted to major in art at umd pretty last minute .. and i'm 97 % sure I got the sports photography position there too . win 
I love the lighting outside after it rains . 
i don't feel like a college student quite yet . dartmouth is alright , but i'm excited to come home and stay mikes this weekend 
Whatever tomorrow brings I'll be there , with open arms and open eyes <3 
I'm not feeling so sure , it would help if you offered a cure . If I wait , it's too late for the remedy 
Don't let your walls down , you might fall in love , you might fall in love 
Actually trying to do my Robert Smith powerpoint .. 
Soo much fun at Rocky Horror last night ; ) 
happy halloween ! 
Just got some Social Distortion tickets <3 now I just need to find the money to get Warped tickets .. 
Playing with Stanley puppydoggg and eating potatoskins with Lauren Kelly and Erica Tramontano (: 
Maybe nothing else will ever be so clear , or maybe that's only my fear . If just for one day I wish I could disappear , just take me far from here . 
needs to go see street dogs flatfoot 56 and left alone on September 19 . it's a necessary .. 
not feelin graduation rehearsal right now .. 
blasting rancid while getting for the dinner cruise 
hanging out with lauren , cruise later 
finishing up " gluebook " assignments ... 
to tired/lazy to get all the things i need to do today done . and all this caffeine i'm putting in my system isn't working . sweet 
Fire works with Lauren Kelly and Erica Tramontano later ! 
high anxiety , getting to the best of me 
I'm sick of this scene , I need a break from routine . 
sorry if i spammed you with that stupid profile stalker thing ... 
out taking pictures with farrin 
it don't matter how far i go , cause i always come home to youu 
you got those tired eyessss , all the timeeeeeee 
It's turning into one of those days , where everything just gets on your nerves . 
She said " Some days I feel like shit , some days I wanna quit . " 
had a lovely weekend <3 ... going back to dartmouth in a couple hours 
they don't love you like i love you 
i hate holidays 
sigh ... 
life drawing is canceled tomorrow .... that just made my life a little bit easier aah 
We touch I feel a rush , we clutch , it isn't much but it's enough to make me wonder what's in store for us 
experimenting with my new d5000 , and drawing and stuff . out later on . 
RIP ): 
recovering from yesterday .. had an amazing warped tour with mike (: 
waste all your time with me , i know i'm a mess right now don't give up believe i'd wait it out for you . ; going to see the last exorcism maybe later with mike 
needs a photo adventure soon 
The best things in life are wild and free ( : 
Just came in from the pool with Lauren . Out and around with her for a bit . Sharon fireworks later with her and Erica (: 
phone's busted won't have one until monday .. 
horseneck beach with lauren and erica , going to mikes after (: 
Providence tomorrow then later on Social Distortion with Mike (: yesssss 
It don't matter how far I go cause I always come home to you 
packing , picking up my stuff from life drawing & handing in my glue book , leaving , going to mikes and who knows what (: 
" We're stuck at the circus and can't get out ! " got some warped tickets yesterday finally . anddd social distortion a couple weeks after <3 
Going to Providence with Mike Russ and Nicole even though it's going to be really rainy (: Staying at Mikes after till the morning (: 
It's the caffeine , the nicotine , the milligrams of tar , it's my habitat it needs to be cleaned , it's my car , it's the fast talk they use to abuse and feed my brain .. 
My fridge is officially empty .. 
going poolside with lauren 
seeing Farrin Fresh for the first time in forever in a bit is a great start to my halloweeeeen ;) 
me and mike watch too much bones (: haha 
yay no more contancts .. text me with your name . 774 273 1192 
Who else is going to Social D on Friday ? (: 
friiiiiight fest tomorrow ! 
and we'll keep on doing our best , even though our lives are a mess 
Thinking about doing some charcoal drawings :) dorm shopping sesh later 
i cant wait to be done with scrap-booking 101 aka visual language so i can stop dealing with these little pieces of paper everywhere 
celebrating mike's birthday 
about to attempt to draw a portrait of mike and myself haha (: 
A roadtrip to Maine with Farrin Fresh is all I need and want right now . Can't wait ! ~ 
Just waking up .. 3D in an hour ... then english forever and should probably finish my first visual language project 
Last couple days in Easton . Putting off packing . 
All I want to do is go to prov or anyplace just to walk around and take pictures . 
Thinking about going to the free Wandas concert tonight in Prov .. 
heyyyy youu do you remember when we were two angry kids ? 
Beetlejuice is on so of course I'm watching that , Gingersnaps might be comin ' by later . Going to dartmouth for a bit tomorrow then probably with Mike for a while . (: 
Taking care of somethings , going back to mikes for a little bit , and then going back to dartmouth . 
My eyes can barely open , and I have so much to do . i could sleep for days 
re-watching some my so called life episodes . i miss 90s television . 
It's obnoxious how good of a mood I'm in (: 
modest mouse and making some raspberry tea 
You stand alone , yeah that's the deal , You have yourself to count on cause no one really cares ...... 
first paying photoshot tomorrow in RI (: 
First class today at 2 .. 3D concepts (: 
Just got home from mikes . Last day in Easton , I should probably start packing my clothes and stuff then .. Going to say goodbye to people and probably go back to Mikes for a bit 
i feel all-nighter number 2 coming on ... 
The summers gone , the years have passed . My friends have changed , a few did last . The smallest dreams got pushed aside , the largest ones that changed my life . And all I wish for was come to pass , from rock and roll , to love and cash . It’s all success if it’s what you need , do what you like and do it honestly <3 
smile for the camera , suck in that gut , don't shame your family you'll have bad luck . ohh the whole world is waiting to see when you fall 
don't drag me downnn ...... 
Every day is exactly the same , there is no love here and there is no pain . Every day is exactly the same 
I'm so glad that we could have this time together , so I could let you know just exactly how I feel , ya see it's been been hard to talk to you cause you never listen , you're so selfish , you never shut up 
painting 12-340 then Mike Russ Heather Rizzi and Jared Andre are coming to pick me up at Dartmouth ! 
Leaving in 8 days ? Whaaat . 
Starting my photo job tomorrow . Football at 12 tennis at 1 soccer 330 volleyball at 5 .. then heading back to easton 
same night same feeling 
last class of the day at three , visual language 
3D concepts at 2 and Visual Language at 4 (: 
lacking motivation to leave my bed 
phones dead and won't charge ... really need to find a ride to the verizon store sometime after five . fuck 
english forever ...... 
cooking up some spaghetti and meatballs 
I don't wanna be a burden to y'all , I just wanna know exactly what my purpose is for . 

I feel like nothing I do is ever right and that I'm acting a fool another night . And I admit , I don't take care of myself , so I do a lot of thinking and preparing myself . 
Going to try really hard to get up on time tomorrow ...... 
I don't care if it hurts , I want to have control , I want a perfect body , I want a perfect soul . 
Yesterday was the best . I felt like a little kid again haha . Now I feel like I could sleep for days . Going back to Dartmouth later .. 
love having a fridge filled with food again 
Lunachable and juicebox . Who says college means you have to grow up 
complete artists block for these " gluebook " assignments .... blah 
i have a phone again .. text me with your name no more numbers .. 774 273 1192 
actually being somewhat productive ... 
h8 
And she starts to rot , from the inside out , she said i don’t need you to save me 
just started to feel really restless but no patience to do any of my art homework . now what 
sick .. gonna try to sleep it off 
All I want is a hot apple cider 
getting some stuff done , then spending the night at mikes (: (: 
Not getting anywhere with this English paper and visual language project ... yay all-nighters 
I would love to have someone take me out to someplace interesting and take pictures of our surroundings and just explore all day , maybe go to one place to another . And then go home make a giant fort , of course . 
should probably do some work ..... 
well . i'm just happy i might be seeing social d again in may , late birthday present to myself hahaha . 
Scientists , they couldn't fix me , I'm so tired of getting out of bed . 
took a much longer nap than i wanted , now what 
sigh 
just got back to dartmouth all i want to do is nap , but life drawing & visual lang hw instead .. 
all this work is catching up on me .. there are not enough hours in the day .. 
back at dartmouth with mike (: 
don't forget to breatheeeee 
back at dartmouth .. unpacked a little bit , now time for a nap 
find a cure for my life 
making tea and relaxing before 3d ... 
nobody knows you , and nobody gives a damn 
fjdsafljdsl jcu fuck 
Did better for 3D then I though I would .. 
just waking up/don't care . 
non school related drawing ! 
Don't forget to let your life rot you inside out . 
Vandals , wrapping a couple of things , making some cookies , and then the traditional christmas eve chinese food feast . 
waiting for Erica Tramontano to get her butt out of work (: 
intotheseaaa.tumblr.com 
had a nice night with heather and russ ... shoveling for awhile and maybe baking some brownies after . going to mikes later on for the night 
... and i'm like fuuuuuuckkkk youuuu 
this english class is already driving me nuts 
... i actually want to actually go back to school ............... 
They'll try to keep you down . Turn around , turn around . Don't drag me down .. 
debating if i should bother with my 12 o'clock class 
playing crazy taxi and baking a cake with mike heather and russ and ordering some chinese food (: 
My hands are at your throat , and I think I hate you 
