Aliens - Film4 
FATHER TED CHRISTMAS SPECIAL 
Hmmmmmm 
Well , Lucky Me 3 hours of Dick Whittington 
Hermits United . We meet up every 10 years , Swap stories about caves .... Its good fun . For a Hermit . 
After the failure that was my poetry exam , I am now going to repeat the revision process for maths and french ....... 

And not do a single piece of revision 
Douglas : Spacestar Ordering success story number three . My tattoo 
got infected so they've had to cut off my arm . I am getting a robot 
hand . 
WAGBO !!!! 
Can't really believe I just convinced the parents that it was shrove tuesday today and we should have pancakes ...... 
Kinda canceled the 20 minutes Mrs Dixon spent telling me I had wasted a year and a half out and made tuesday good again ..... 
Think i'll wait a couple of days before pointing out that its actually March 8th when its pancake day 
Some people say " If you can't beat them , join them " . 
I say " If you can't 
beat them , beat them over the head with a heavy object " , because they will be expecting you to join them , you will have the 
element of surprise . 
If an apple a day keeps the doctor away , why don't Daleks hide in 
orchards ? 
Just bought the travel diaries of Karl Pilkington from tesco .... 
Best £8 I've spent in quite a while 
Brilliant just what i need on a Friday afternoon threats threats and more threats 
Is it sad that I actually prefer being at school to being at home with the people I live with 
Old people don't need companionship . They need to be isolated and 
studied so it can be determined what nutrients they have that might be 
extracted for our personal use . 
Religion is a monumental chapter in the history of human 
egotism . 
All my life I've had one dream , to achieve my many goals . 
" I refuse to prove that I exist " says God , " for proof 
denies faith , and without faith , I am nothing . " " Oh , " says man , " but 
the Babel Fish is a dead give-away , isn't it ? It proves You exist , and 
so therefore You don't . Q.E.D. " " Oh , I hadn't thought of that , " says 
God , who promptly vanishes in a puff of logic . 
Morecambe and Wise 
God wanted to have a holiday , so He asked St. Peter for 
suggestions on where to go . " Why not go to Mercury ? " asked St. 
Peter . " No , it's too hot there . " Gos replied , sighing . " Okay , " said St. 
Peter , " what about Earth ? " " No , " said God , " They're such horrible 
gossips . When I was there 2000 years ago , I had an affair with a Jewish 
woman , and they're still talking about it . " 
Sheldon : I often forget other people have limitations . 
It's so sad . 
Howard : He can feel sadness ? 
Leonard : Not really . It's what you and I would call condescension . 
Dislikes leaving English work until the last way let's hope she forgets all about setting it 
Facejacker - Channel 4 10:00 pm 
The three little sentences that will 
get you through life . Number 1 : Cover for me . Number 2 : Oh , good idea , 
Boss ! Number 3 : It was like that when I got here . 
Is officially hibernating for the winter 
Dr. John Watson : 
No , not you , Mary and I . You are not ... 
Sherlock Holmes : 
What ? Invited ? Why would I be not invited to my own brother's country 
home , Watson ? Now you are not making any sense ! 
You are not human ! 
The impressions show with Culshaw and Stephenson 
Which idiot coined the phrase ' fight fire with fire ' 
Common sense suggests water would have a much higher chance of success . 
The family is finally gone 
Brilliant 
‘There’s no smoke without fire’ 
Smoke machine's beg to differ . 
Just finished reading dracula .... What a rubbish ending 
Is wondering wether or not it's worth doing any technology revision especially since it's definite that I'm going to fail anyway 
May as well fail spectacularly 
Just found out he missed the first episode of the new series of the big bang theory and an episode of an idiot abroad .... 
The Master : Doctor . 
The Doctor : Master . 
The Master : I like it when you use my 
name . 
The Doctor : You chose it . Psychiatrist's 
field day . 
The Master : As you chose yours . The man 
who makes people better . How sanctomonious is that ? 
Is officially poor again . Brilliant . 
Street countdown 
Men in Black 2 
Has fallen down the stairs twice today thanks to a horrid bout of the flu and what does the mother say after the first fall - " have you damaged the wallpaper on the way down !?? " 
Not even the slightest sign of pity 
And then the second time , she didn't even bother to turn up , but waited for me to craw into the living room before complaining I had distracted her from her game on facebook 
" Integrity is a bugger , it really is . Lying can get you into 
difficulties , but to really wind up in trouble try telling nothing 
but the truth . " 
" Why does any martyr cooperate with his judases ?... We see a game beyond 
the endgame ... As Seneca warned Nero : No matter how many of us you kill , 
you will never kill your successor . " 
Has yet again done no revision for his exam tomorrow despite having nothing else better to do ....... 
Thumbs up for procrastination and pointless wikipedia pages 
Went down stairs for a drink two hours ago and got forced to do his brothers bpe ilp .... 
And then they tried to make me teach him the answers so that if needed he knew exactly what to say .... 
After 2 minutes I decided it would be easier if I just did the work instead while he sat and watched dog the bounty hunter 
What a complete waste of my Saturday morning 
The King is Dead 
' The Trickster , The Riddler , The Keeper of Balance , 
He of many faces who finds life in death and who fears no evil ; he who walks through doors . 
Gods are fragile things ; they may be killed by a whiff of 
science or a dose of common sense . 
God made so many different kinds of people . Why would he 
allow only one way to serve him ? 
The wages of sin are death , but after they take the taxes 
out , it's more like a tired feeling , really . 
Sunday school : a prison in which children do penance for 
the evil conscience of their parents . 
This is a Timey-Wimey detector . Goes ding when there's stuff . Also , it 
can boil an egg at thirty paces . Whether you want it to or no , actually . 
I've learned to stay away from hens . It's not a pretty sight . 
If your full of pent up anger and aggression 
Become a pe teacher 
Armstrong and Miller 
Law and Order UK 
Mr. Copper : So Great Britain is a part of Europe . And 
just across the British channel you've got Great France and Great 
Germany . 
The Doctor : No , it's just France and 
Germany . Only Britain is Great . 
Mr. Copper : And they're all at war with 
the continent of " Hamerica " . 
The Doctor : No . Well . Not yet . Um . You 
could argue that one . 
Blackadders Christmas Carol never gets old 
Knowledge Is Power , 
And he Knows everything ..... 
I want to be able to download information like they do in the Matrix 
It would quicken life up considerably 
Howard Wolowitz : Sheldon , why do you have all these unopened checks ? 
Sheldon Cooper : Because all the things I want to buy haven't been invented yet . 
Howard Wolowitz : There must be thousands of dollars in here ! Why don't you put it on a 
bank ? 
Sheldon Cooper : I don't trust banks . I believe when the robot uprising 
comes , the ATMs will lead the charge . 
Finally , 
A chance to see the elusive I am Legend all the way through 
Jen : He's taking me to Paris this weekend . 
Moss : Ah , Paris . 
Jen : Have you been to Paris , Moss ? 
Moss : No . I've heard of it . 
Just heard my brother complaining that he deserves a reward for managing to get one headteacher accomodation ..... 
And the parents were considering it before I wandered in and said I got 8 so he reallt shouldnt be getting anything .... 
And they agreed 
So no reward for him 
he was fuming 
The look on his face was hilarious 
he thought it was an actual accomplishment to get one 
Has actually managed to convince his brother to get everyone to leave for Halloween and go around houses asking for sweets ..... 
Hopefully they will take their time 
Toast .... 
Actually an interesting programme 
97% of teenagers would cry if they saw JustinBieber 
standing on top of a sky scraper , about to jump . If Your OneOf The 
3% Who Would Sit There Like Me , in A Deck Chair With Popcorn AndShout 
" DO A FLIP ! " Then copy And Paste This As Your Status ! =D 
The Apprentice INTERVIEWS !!! 
The Matrix Reloaded !!!! 
Is quite a bad film except for the brilliant fight scene between Neo and smith . And Smith . And another Smith , and maybe another few Smiths . 
So , Glasgow F.C. are going on a tour of North Korea ??? 
Wow , they are going to see a lot of squalor , poverty and crime .... 
Until they get to North Korea 
I think we’ve all arrived at a very special place . Spiritually , 
ecumenically , grammatically . 
" He's Killed the Quattro , 
He's Killed my bloody Quattro " 
The Rocky Horror Picture Show 
[ Jen looks at small black box equipped with a single red LED light 
in the middle of the top side . Moss stands next to her . ] 
Jen : What is it ? 
Moss : This , Jen , is the Internet . 
Jen : What ? 
Moss : That's right . 
Jen : This is the Internet ? 
Moss : [ Moss is nodding his head ] 
Jen : ( suspiciously ) The whole Internet ? 
Moss : ( agreeably ) Yep . I asked for a loan of it , so 
that you could use it in your speech . 
Sheldon Cooper : 
Good morning , your honor . Doctor Sheldon Cooper appearing pro se . 
That means I am representing myself . 
Judge J . Kirby : I 
know what it means . I went to law school . 
Sheldon Cooper : And 
yet you wound up in traffic court . 
I would like to point out that I am at the top of my profession , 
while you are at the kiddie table of yours 
Holiday Schedule : 
Four o'clock , wallow in self pity ; 
4:30 , stare into the abyss ; 
5:00 , solve world hunger , 
tell no one . 
5:30 , jazzercize .... 
6:30 , dinner with me . I can't cancel that 
again . 
7:00 , wrestle with my self-loathing ; 
I'm booked . Of course , if I bump the loathing to 9 I could still be done in time to 
lay in bed , stare at the ceiling and slip slowly into madness . But 
what would I wear ? 
How terrible is wisdom , when it brings no profit 
to the wise . 
Never judge a book by its cover . 
Use the paragraph on the back , it tells you what the story is about . 
`Opposites attract . Like magnets , ' 
Then why has the north pole gone as far as it possibly can to get away 
from the south pole . 
[ Creation science is ] an attempt to give credibility to 
Hebrew mythology by making people believe that the world's foremost 
biologists , paleontologists , and geologists are a bunch of incompetent idiots . 
Camerons Slowly losing it 
Doctor Who , Indiana Jones or Midsummer Murders ..... 
Such tricky choices 
American Dad and Family Guy 
One of the few good things about sunday 
What to watch , Alien 3 or The Darkness ??? 
Is quite thankful to have tech on a Tuesday ... 
That gives me an extra six days to stare at my folder wishing the entire thing would just burst into flames and not doing any work ..... 
I wonder if the excuse - it's the thought that counts will work , because I've thought about doing the work , it just turned out that daytime BBC programmes are addictive 
Ashes To Ashes , Last Ever Episode .... 
Ceaser Disagrees 
Meet the Fockers ....... 
Interesting .... 
Why do we get a ' lump in our throats ' at tense or sad moments ? 
It's to do with the autonomic nervous system , which reacts to stressful 
situations and causes the fight or flight syndrome . 
Your body 
reacts to these stressful or sad moments by trying to get as much oxygen to the lungs as possibe . 
It's the reason your heart pounds during tense moments and you get that lump in 
your throat . 
Well my day just got worse now that the rest of the house is back off their holiday ... 
If only they couldn't go away for longer 
Have I got news for you - hilarious 
I'm going to take a picture of my 
firstborn and use age progression software to figure out what he'll look 
like when he's 16 . 
Then I'm going to frame the picture and keep it as a centerpiece in our 
house , 
something he'll grow up looking at . 
Then when the appropriate time comes , 
he will realize that the picture is actually of him , 
Then I am going to try and convince him that he is a time traveller . 
I just slashed the deficit by GBP 9bn - I cut most money from street lighting . What would you chop ? http://bit.ly/chopc4 
" Kids , you tried your best and you failed miserably . The lesson is , never try . " 
" The only monster here is the gambling monster that has enslaved 
your mother ! I call him Gamblor , and it's time to snatch your mother 
from his neon claws ! " 
Wallace and Gromit 
Whoever came up with the brilliant idea of selling flashing lightsabres/crowns/other rubbish is a complete Lunatic .... 
And I need his name because I'm suing him for causing the blindness in my eyes 
And I want compensation 
Live at the Apollo !!! 
Year one 
Alan Sugar - the goblin king 
Charlie Brooker is hilarious 
Marchlands !!! 
I just slashed the deficit by GBP 96bn - I cut most money from transport spending . What would you chop ? http://bit.ly/chopc4 
' To Start , Press Any Key ' . Where's the ANY key ? 
In days gone by , when people decided to punish a person by giving them 
the silent treatment , they called it , " Sending them to Coventry . " 
Surely a more effective punishment would have been to actually send them 
to Coventry . 
Is struggling to decide who's funnier between Jimmy Carr , Noel fielding , Richard ayaode or Michael McIntyre 
Frankie boyle and Russell brand would have made the quiz that little not better though I think 
Why do I have nothing to do ??? 
I'm sure there was some sort of work I should be doing ..... 
And I think my time can be better spent than ruining the narnia film for my brother by pointing out plot flaws and trying to convince him aslan is Spelt ' azlan ' just to mess with his head 
My life truly Is exceptionally dull 
I think I'll go alphabatise my DVD/game collection and stare out the window for a few hours 
Is officially failing product design and French , but at least all the important subjects are safe .... 
Oh , wait .... 
There are no important subjects 
The truth . It is a beautiful and terrible thing , and should therefore be 
treated with great caution . 
Tony Blair has admitted he was once a borderline alcoholic . 
Imagine the feeling waking up hungover , realising you've invaded Iraq . 
Wheel of Fortune ..... 
Donna : I finally got the perfect man . Gorgeous , adores 
me , and hardly ever speak a word . What's that say about me ? 
The Doctor : Everything . Sorry , did I say 
" everything " ? I meant to say nothing . I was aiming for " nothing " . I 
accidentally said " everything " . 
" You can either be right or happy in life 
And I prefer being right more than being happy 
In fact , I'm not particularly happy most of the time but right all the time " 
Best quote I've heard in a long time 
I came here to drink milk and kick ass ...... 
And I just finished my Milk 
Was wondering wether or not it had actually snowed here and then I hear the snowballs pelt my window and remember exactly why I don't like Christmas 
Armstrong and Miller = hilarious 
Elizabeth Swann : 
There will come a moment when you will have a chance to 
show it . To do the right thing . 

Jack Sparrow : 
I love those moments . 
I like to wave at them as they pass by . 
Doesn't want to wait a year for Arkham City 
A film all about Professor Layton ...... 
Who Knew 
Just managed to convince both brothers to go outside and do a " snow dance " as a way to appease the " snow god " Shawaddywaddy 
And I'm wondering how long it will be before they realise I've locked the door .... 
And how long before they realise I don't care 
Dawn of the dead 
Blade Trinity then alien vs predator requiem 
The early bird catches the worm . 
Good luck to him , I'm having a bacon sandwich . 
That Riviera Touch ...... 
Funny Film 
That Mitchell and Webb Look 
What did your last slave die of ? 
My last slave died from asking rhetorical questions . 
" Oi , I'm arresting you for murdering my car you dikedigging tosspot " 
Give a man a fish , and you'll feed him for a day ; give him 
a religion , and he'll starve to death while praying for a fish . 
~ Author Unknown 
oh what lucky days 
another country dancing lesson tomorrow 
mabye ill have the chance to do what i do every week 
mainly , sit on a bench ...... 
i can hardly contain my excitement 
........... whoop ............ 
Thinks the new Predators film is quite good , but with a strange ending 
Outcasts !!! 
Fascinating race , the weeping angels . The only psychopaths in the 
Universe to kill you nicely . No mess , no fuss . They just zap you into 
the past and let you live to death . 
" Me ? I’m dishonest , and a dishonest man you can always trust to be dishonest . 
Honestly . It’s the honest ones you want to watch out for , because you can never 
predict when they’re going to do something incredibly stupid . " 
- Jack Sparrow 
Is watching top gear instead of revising 
And it's the big bang theory next so it doesn't look like any revision is going to happen at all 
Donna : But Doctor , we haven't got any helmets . 
The Doctor : Yeah but we're safe anyway . 
Donna : How are we safe ? 
The Doctor : We're not . That was just a 
clever lie to shut you up . 
Either 
you suffer the consequences of not noticing your fault forever or , one 
day , you do notice it , and fix it . Joke is , once you get it into your 
brain about that hidden step and think , Hey , life isn't such a shithouse 
after all again , then BUMP ! Down you go , a whole new flight of hidden 
steps . 
There are always more steps . " 
Muesli Enhancement Kit - EI Coco Pops 
Differences of habit and language are nothing at all if our 
aims are identical 
Meet the Spartans 
Is watching the last Sherlock episode 
" So , You step on a butterfly , you change the human 
race ? " 

" Just don't step on any 
butterflies . At all . Under any circumstances . Anyway , What do you have against butterflies ? 
I'm sorry , I don't understand what social situation this is . Could you give me some guidance in how to proceed . 
Religion : A daughter of Hope and Fear , explaining to 
Ignorance the nature of the Unknowable . 
It is fear that first brought gods into the world . 
Two hands working can do more than a thousand clasped in 
prayer . 
Big Fat Quiz of the Year !!!! 
Norrington : You are without 
doubt the worst pirate I've ever heard of . 
Jack Sparrow : But you 
have heard of me . 
Curiosity is not a sin .... But we should exercise caution 
with our curiosity ... yes , indeed . 
Spaceology .... 
What the hell is happening to the chaser ??? 
Not even past 10 after a minute 
Outrageous ..... 
We 
are only as strong as we are united , as weak as we are 
divided . Greed and stupidity's gift's for spreading discord and 
enmity are very great . We can fight it only by showing an equally 
strong bond of strength and trust . Differences of 
habit and language are nothing at all if our 
aims are identical and our strength combined . 
Apparently country dancing evolved from early english Morris dancers who then got copied by the French courts and then America twisted the idea and pummelled it into the ground ...... 
Why on earth are we TAUGHT this stupid " dance " ?!?!?!? 
" Its Nothing Personal .... 
.... Just Good Business " 
Why on earth am I still up ??? 
At least it's peace and quiet for a change 
Jack Sparrow : [ after Will draws his sword ] Put it away , son . It's not 
worth you getting beat again . 
Will Turner : You didn't beat me . You 
ignored the rules of engagement . In a fair fight , I'd kill you . 
Jack 
Sparrow : That's not much incentive for me to fight fair , then , is it ? 
Pete Versus Life 
Colonel Mace : My god . They're like trolls . 
The Doctor : Yeah ... Loving the diplomacy , 
thanks . So tell me , General Staal , since when did you lot become 
cowards ? 
Staal : How dare you ! 
Colonel Mace : Oh , that’s diplomacy ? 
I believe whatever doesn’t kill you , simply makes you stranger . 
You either die a hero or you live long enough to see yourself become the 
villain . 
If you’re good at something , never do it for free . 
Ceaser Is Listening 
Let me get this straight : You think that your client , one of the 
wealthiest , most powerful men in the world , is secretly a vigilante who 
spends his nights beating criminals to a pulp with his bare hands . And 
your plan is to blackmail this person ? Good luck . 
There is a story , which is fairly well known , about when 
the missionaries came to Africa . They had the Bible and we , the 
natives , had the land . They said " Let us pray , " and we dutifully shut 
our eyes . When we opened them , why , they now had the land and we had 
the Bible . 
Human Planet !!! 
The biblical account of Noah's Ark and the Flood is 
perhaps the most implausible story for fundamentalists to defend . 
Where , for example , while loading his ark , did Noah find penguins and 
polar bears in Palestine ? 
Adam blamed Eve , Eve blamed the serpent and the serpent 
didn't have a leg to stand on . 
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than 
going to the garage makes you a car . 
Geology shows that fossils are of different ages . 
Paleontology shows a fossil sequence , the list of species represented 
changes through time . Taxonomy shows biological relationships among 
species . Evolution is the explanation that threads it all together . 
Creationism is the practice of squeezing one's eyes shut and wailing 
" Does not ! " 
I contend that we are both atheists . I just believe in 
one fewer god than you do . When you understand why you dismiss all the 
other possible gods , you will understand why I dismiss yours . 
Sherlock Holmes : Anderson , just by opening your mouth you lower the IQ of the entire 
street 
10'O clock live !!!! 
An idiot abroad ..... Officially the best idea EVER 
It is a capital mistake to theorize before one has data . Insensibly 
one begins to twist facts to suit theories , instead of theories to suit 
facts . 
We need to tarmac over the whole of Iceland and turn it in to a big carpark for the rest of real Europe 
Ricky Gervais you are hilarious 
Bazinga !!! 
Just remembered that today was sunday and I should have spent it doing work not doing absolutely nothing ...... 
Oh well 
Come fly with me + Not going out + 10 O'Clock live ( with David Mitchell !!! ) 
= A decent night for a change 
Thinks it would probably wise to sleep now otherwise there will be no time for the very important technology work to be done tomorrow along aside all the other things I have to do ...... 
Like nothing 
Likes mucking up his brothers homework . If only he was smart enough to use google he might get somewhere . It's the better alternative to giving it to me . 
Rock-Paper-Scissors-Lizard-Spock : 
Scissors cuts paper . Paper covers rock . Rock crushes lizard . Lizard 
poisons Spock . Spock smashes scissors . Scissors decapitates lizard . 
Lizard eats paper . Paper disproves Spock . Spock vaporizes rock . And as 
it always has , rock crushes scissors . 
Has been locked out of his iPod for 5 minutes for the second time today ..... 
DAMN IT !!! 
Newspaper Headline : - " Defoe Goal Sets Up Clash With You Know Who ... " 
I didn't know Voldermort qualified ? 
Brilliant , two Year 8 lessons and a year 9 lesson 
BPE at its best 
I don't need luck , I need Valium 
A survey on beautifulpeople.com has 
voted Wayne Rooney the ugliest player at the world cup . 
Surely it would've been fairer picking someone who was actually there . 
Just found out he has Maths first thing on a monday and French last thing on a friday ...... 
And is now a member of 11IR 
I don't think we've got any common interests other than perhaps toast and we've already had that conversation 
Has decided that forgetting about school work until today was a reasonably bad idea .... 
At least I've got another week to do some rushed tech ..... 
Not that I'll actually do any , 
But it's the thought that counts 
An Inuit hunter asked the local missionary priest : " If I 
did not know about God and sin , would I go to hell ? " " No , " said the 
priest , " not if you did not know . " " Then why , " asked the Inuit 
earnestly , " did you tell me ? " 
Why do people always describe a death as " untimely " , " his death was 
untimely " ? 
As in occuring at an inopportune moment , as if death is ever really not 
" untimely " . 
At all times death is at the very least a major inconvenience . 
Come fly with me then not going out 
Reasonably good thursday evening I think 
Jimmy Carr - The worst thing about being bitten by a poisoness spider is your probably australian 
Why on earth do parents need to come to the next progress meeting ??? 
Its a complete waste of time , mainly because my parents just nod and say ok whenever they come into school , but don't pay any attention 
Not to mention they decided to make it an evening 
Jen : ( greeting the Italian guest ) Viennetta Fiat Punto 
Irony - Thieves stealing your Burgler Alarm . 
The " I before E except after C " rule doesn't apply to the word 
efficiency , which isn't a very efficient rule . 
" And What is this ' Utopia ' ...? " 
" Oh , every human knows 
Utopia . Where've you been ? " 
" Bit of a hermit . " 
" A hermit ? With friends ? " 
" Hermits United . We meet up 
every ten years . Swap stories about caves . It's good fun . For a hermit . " 
None of us can boast about the morality of our ancestors . 
The records do not show that Adam and Eve were married . 
The king is Dead 
The Da Vinci code 
Peter Griffin lost his job 
" how am I going to break this to lois ? " 
Shoulder devil appears 
" just lie , it's ok to lie to women " 
Looks to the other shoulder 
" where's the other guy ? " 
Cuts to a motorway in the sky , 
" come on , I'm late for freakin ' work 
Identity ..... 
Shooting Stars 
I was once told , " Find a job you love and you'll never work 
another day in your life . " 
They was absolutely right ... 
Im a Politician . 
" The world's a headmaster who works on your faults . I don't mean in a 
mystical or Jesus way . More how you'll keep tripping over a hidden step , 
over and over , till you finally understand : Watch out for that step ! 
Everything that's wrong with us , if we're too selfish or too Yessir , 
Nosir , Three bags full sir or too anything , that's a hidden step . 
Everytime disaster strikes , an athiest is born ..... 
Is actually being forced to go to a freaking pantomime !!! 
If I wasn't ill I'd protest 
Unfortunately , it's out of my control 
What a pity , I'll miss such a nice Thursday evening 
Throughout 
human history , we have been dependent on machines to survive . Fate , it 
seems , is not without a sense of irony . 
Have you ever had a dream , that you were so 
sure was real ? What if you were unable to wake from that dream ? How 
would you know the difference between the dream world and the real 
world ? 
Best Apprentice quote : 
" well done for ganging up on me you horrible horrible people " 
Christianity teaches that all sinners should be prayed for because they need Gods help . But who prays for Satan ? Who , in eighteen centuries , has 
had the common humanity to pray for the one sinner that needed it most ? 
Moral - Christianity keeps itself alive by picking and choosing its rules to suit its own interests ...... 
And its worked . 
On religious issues there can be little or no compromise . 
There is no position on which people are so immovable as their 
religious beliefs . There is no more powerful ally one can claim in a 
debate than Jesus Christ , or God , or Allah , or whatever one calls this 
supreme being . But like any powerful weapon , the use of God's name on 
one's behalf should be used sparingly . 
If I had a pound for every time someone called me a pessimist , 
I probably still couldn't afford anything worthwhile . 
Just got home to find his brother has locked the house , left his key in the door and hidden himself in his room .... 
So basically I had to spend 5 minutes forcing the front door open and am now drenched ... 
Doctor Who Christmas Special Time 
Where it is a duty to worship the sun it is pretty sure to 
be a crime to examine the laws of heat . 
Mr Psycho Bean 
It's the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness , nothing 
more . 
This is my simple religion . There is no need for temples ; 
no need for complicated philosophy . Our own brain , our own heart is 
our temple ; the philosophy is kindness . ~ Dalai Lama 
If I were not an atheist , I would believe in a God who 
would choose to save people on the basis of the totality of their lives 
and not the pattern of their words . I think he would prefer an honest 
and righteous atheist to a TV preacher whose every word is God , God , 
God , and whose every deed is foul , foul , foul . 
~ Isaac Asimov 
Is , according to Fallout 3 , Evil Incarnate 
Isn't that Nice 
According to a study , the wealthiest people are those who had the most friends at 
school . 
The study 
was carried out by a team at the Institute for Social and Economic Research 
( ISER ) . They studied 10,000 students over a period of 35 years and the results 
suggest that each extra school friend adds 2% to your salary . 
There's something in every atheist , itching to believe , and something in 
every believer , itching to doubt . 
God tells Adam and Eve not to eat of the fruit of the tree 
of knowledge of good and evil . If this was the only way they could 
understand the difference between good and evil , how could they have 
known that it was wrong to disobey God and eat the fruit ? 
Rev 
Roy : Hello , IT . Have you tried turning 
it off and on again ? ... OK , well , the button on the side . Is it 
glowing ? ... Yeah , you need to turn it on . Err , the button turns it on . 
Yeah , you do know how a button works , don't you ? No , not on clothes . 
Roy : No , there you go , I just heard it come on . No , that's 
the music you hear when it comes on . No , that's the music you hear 
when ... I'm sorry , are you from the past ? 
Goth2Boss 
Two Year 9 Lessons , And 1 BPE Classroom equals Bomb Site ..... 
And Who was told to clean it Up ????? 
After stemming the blood flow from a gash in my head the NHS tried to 
charge me for doing so . 
I think I've been stitched up . 
The early bird may get the worm , but the second mouse gets the cheese 
Ben : Who invented Christmas anyway ? The sparkly lights , the happy carolers , the rosey cheeked children . Oh , hand me my spit bowl . 
Ben : ( after a patient has finished talking about the joys of children ) You haven't got a clue what you're talking about , have you ? 
Sheldon Cooper : How can I ever repay you ? 
Ramona Nowitzki : Would you consider naming it the Cooper-Nowitzki theorem ? 
Sheldon Cooper : Who's Nowitzki ? 
Ramona Nowitzki : I'm Nowitzki . 
Sheldon Cooper : You 
want me to share credit ? 
Ramona Nowitzki : Uh-huh . 
Sheldon Cooper : Get out 
Space-Star Ordering 
Dislikes locking himself out of his iPod four times in a row . Damn small buttons 
If a kid asks where rain comes from , I think a cute thing 
to tell him is " God is crying . " And if he asks why God is crying , 
another cute thing to tell him is , " Probably because of something you 
did . " 
Wire in the Blood 
Just found an old Sega Mega Drive in the attic , along with sonic and back to the future games galore 
The guy on the counter at the pet shop cheerily told me that ' cats 
really do have nine lives ' , but he quickly changed his tune when I came 
back an hour later looking for a refund . 
Raiders of the lost Ark ..... 
Interesting film .... 
Is it just me , or does the man with the beard in Iron Man look like Mr Oxley ? 
Seriously , they could be brothers 
is , according to Fallout 3 , the Scrounge of Humanity ..... 
But , could be worse , at least Arkham Asylum thinks i'm a Conundrum Cracker and Mental Athelete 
Dear BBC , 
I have been up watching your late night/early morning programming 
and i have a question , 
Since when were deaf people nocturnal ? 
The Whee3 6f F6rt4ne ..... 
Some people just want to watch the world burn . 
" I'm going to create man and woman with original sin . Then I'm going to create a child that is actually myself in the child's body , so that I can be born in 
human form . Once alive , I will kill myself as a sacrifice to myself . To 
save you from the sin I originally condemned you to . Ta dah ! " 
God - master of logic since the beginning of time . 
Certain religions say that gambling is wrong , then bet their entire life on there being a 
heaven/afterlife . 
Dr Watson : " Has it occured to you that " 
Holmes cuts him off : " Probably " 
Dr Watson : " Oh ....., Ok then " 
It should be illegal to drag people from their beds at 6:30 in the morning on Boxing day to go to Sunderland and pointlessly watch my brother go for a swim .... 
Its not a competition or anything , he's just going for a swim 
Bah , what another waste of a day 
Ceaser Understands 
Damn Num Lock !!! 
How on earth did Sherlock AND Dr who lose to Waterloo road ???? 
" If you can't beat them , join them " . 
Wrong " If you can't beat them , keep trying " , because they will be 
expecting you to join them , so you will have the element of surprise . 
Father Ted !!!! 
Alfred Pennyworth : 
I suppose they'll lock me up as well . As your accomplice ... 
Bruce Wayne : 
Accomplice ? I'm going to tell them the whole thing was your idea . 
Hello every one , im hugh dennis . 
Why dont we just play tetris with my head 
If you don't like your job you don't strike . You just go in every day and 
do it really half-assed . That's the American way . 
The fight scene in the matrix reloaded still hasn't got old ..... 
It's just a pity the rest of the film has 
" Sarcasm is the lowest form of wit " - Oscar Wilde . 
Actually , it's the 2nd lowest . The lowest form of wit is quoting this line with a stupid , smug grin on your face whenever you can't 
think of a response yourself . 
No man treats a motor car as foolishly as he treats 
another human being . When the car will not go , he does not attribute 
its annoying behavior to sin , he does not say , " You are a wicked 
motorcar , and I shall not give you any more petrol until you go . " He 
attempts to find out what is wrong and set it right . 
~ Bertrand Russell , 
Has Religion Made Useful Contributions to Civilization ? 
What is the Point in all those pressups if you carn't even lift a bloody Log . 
Alfred Pennyworth 
STOP MOCKING ME BROCCOLI !!! 
Yu-Gi-Oh : The Abridged Series 
The Criminologist 
Not Going Out ! 
New series of Armstrong and Miller 
Well we met at school and have never looked back ..... 
Obviously I was fired for that 
Everyone keeps on giving the pope a hard time but I think they should go 
easy on him , 
I mean he's an 83 year old man who wears a skirt , gets bullied all the 
time and still believes that his imaginary friend is real . 
U Be Dead 
Now if you'll excuse me , I have some death to defy 
The God Particle .... 
Can't believe I missed star wars episode 3 
Isn't that like a sin or something ? 
And why the hell is narnia back on the tv ??? 
It was only last week when I ruined the ending for the house , and now I need to do it again , but this time with a running commentary 
The big bang theory !! 
Hot Fuzz !!! 
Philosophy is questions that may never be answered . Religion is answers 
that may never be questioned . 
Jen : I am the head of IT and I 
have it on good authority . If you type " Google " into Google , you can 
break the Internet . So please , no 
one try it , even for a joke . ( the executives laugh ) It's not a 
laughing matter . You can break the Internet . 
British Comedy Awards 
A long and wicked life followed by five minutes of perfect 
grace gets you into Heaven . An equally long life of decent living and 
good works followed by one outburst of taking the name of the Lord in 
vain - then have a heart attack at that moment and be damned for 
eternity . Is that the system ? 
Oh , now I remember what i needed to do this weekend 
Tech coursework because the deadlines on friday 
Looks like an E for unfinished project is well-deserved 
Jen : The last few days have been indescribable . 
Moss : Good . 
Roy : [ singing ] We don't need no education . 
Moss : Yes you do . You've just used a double negative . 
I've often heard it be said that it's the little things in life that 
count . 
Like calculators ? 
Most men would kill the truth if truth would kill their 
religion . 
The Tale of Samuel Whiskers and the Roly-Poly Pudding 
Bad Jobs for Celebrities - No : 73 
Harry Hill 
UN Peace Negotiator 
" Well I like North Korea with its Communist Style Dictatorship , but I also like South Korea with its Democratic Republic ..... 
But which political system is Better ??? 
Theres only one way to find out ..... 
FIGHT !!! 
* Nuclear Explosion goes off * 
What are the chances of that happening eh ? 
Family Guy 
BBC News : 
11:59 Pope reportedly lost in Glasgow 
12:01 - Pope greets ' Chavs ' down Glasgow backstreet . 
12:02 - Pope reappears with a black eye , Popemobile stolen 
12:05 - Popemobile found at the bottom of a river 
What Happened to the 12 million pounds spent on security ??? 
Frequently asked questions about Time Travel 
Has literally screwed up the rest of the month by having to pay the parents to fix a door 
I hope they like imaginary money , or failing that , it'll be time to raid the monopoly box 
The Church of Scientology ..... 
Elf !!! 
A Gentleman is a person who can play the accordion but doesn't . 
Shaun of the Dead 
On a lonely planet spinning its way toward damnation amid the fear and 
despair of a broken human race , who is left to fight for all that is 
good and pure and gets you smashed for under a fiver ? Yes , it's the 
surprising adventures of Sir Digby Chicken-Caesar ! " 
Why did you do this BBC , cliffhangers are horrible . 
Honesty may be the best policy . 
But insanity is a better defence . 
Batman 1989 
Just spent the last 3 hours in thunder , lightning , rain , mud and then darkness all to put up a stupid awning 
thank you very much spain 
Just spent the last six hours scouring the beautiful snowy countryside looking for a place called Skelton .... 
Unfortunatly , we were actually ment to be looking for Welton which is in completely the other direction 
But at least when we got there things got better - 
I could have awkward conversations with people I'm meant to know but dont and listen to the voices arguing in my head 
Oh what a joyful night 
Which lunatic decided to play Christmas films instead of bargain hunt ??? 
What a disappointment BBC1 
Vampires are make-believe , like elves , gremlins , and eskimos . 
Nobody messes with Adam We 
Stupid French work . Stupid English work . Stupid laptop not working . Stupid radiator thinking I want my room at 100 degrees celcious . And just remembered the physics work . Proof , if ever any was needed that there is a God ..... And he hates me with a passion . 
Penny : I always tear up when the Grinch's heart grows three sizes . 
Sheldon Cooper : Tears seem appropiate . Enlargement of the heart muscle , or hypertropic myopathy , is a 
serious disease . 
Penny : I take it you didn't like it ? 
Sheldon Cooper : On the contrary . I find the Grinch a relatable character , right until he succumbs 
to social convention and gives the presents back . What a buzzkill that was . 
Mock the week 
Spooks 
I have invented a kitchen cleaner that kills 0.1% of bacteria . 
I plan to sell it to Dettol . 
Has very recently found out that my tech coursework will take at least another 5-6 hours to finish with only one lesson left 
Doesnt really look like its going to get finished does it ..... 
So thats an E for unfinished project i think 
Oh no ! 
Schools closed !!! 
What a disaster , now I miss bpe , French and my favourite lesson ever - pe 
Can not wait for French tomorrow ..... 
I read a book about this once .... Are you sure it was a book , and not nothing ??? Oh yeah ... 
Just sold an old xbox 360 with a wireless adaptor and two games for £175 
Who ever knew that Elizabeth was such an interesting person ...... 
Oh , thats right , Shes not ..... 
Whitechapel or Spooks .... 
Options options options 
Hates the Hiccups 
Just decided that not doing any poetry work may not have been the best choice ..... 
Oh well , at least I still have a french exam to suceed in ..... 
Or mabye not considering : 
- its french 
- its FRENCH 
- ITS FRENCH 
Has been poisoned by a spanish insect 
Blackpool - the Vegas of the North 
Hot Fuzz 
Spooks or Whitechapel .... Choices , choices , choices 
Four Weddings and a Funeral 
Second day of half term and I've caught a cold ..... 
What brilliant timing 
The Impressions Show !!! 
Kids , you tried your best and you failed miserably . The lesson is , never 
try . 
Halo Reach 
Spartans never die ...... 
Their just missing in action 
Catherine Tate : Nan's Christmas Carol - hilarious 
Suddenly the prospect of seeing three ghosts at Christmas doesnt seem so bad 
In fact , if I could spend eternity terrifying people then I'd consider applying as soon as possible 
Buzz Killington 
Who the hell are the jonas brothers ??? Because someone in my house is obsessed with them and has filled the whole of the sky box with recordings of them ..... 
Always knew Uther should have executed Morgana .... 
Hmmm Spooks or maths revision ..... 
Tricky choice 
Has unfortunatly lost his iPod ....... 
Now there is one less distraction from doing work .... 
Oh Well ..... 
Hasn't done any poetry revison and doesn't regret the choice either ..... 
But that will probably change about the time I open the paper and realise I have no clue what on earth is going on 
It doesn't look like thursday is going to be completely awful ..... 
On the brightside , no French , bpe or the military pe thing 
But I do have the Sproatanator and that's not a very pleasant experience for just an hour never mind a whole day 
Have people lost the ability to tell the time ??? 
Fireworks going off and theres still an hour to go 
Whatever will it be next i wonder 
I feel sick - don't you be sick in here - oh you already have , great 
Has given up the entire thought of revision and is willing to make it up as I go along in the exams 
Especially considering they are only mocks 
Why can't Dracula ever win for once ??? 
Didn't have a single " make a difference " meeting but still didn't leave school till 3 
That's just how sad I am .... 
Is getting ready to fail the french coursework tomorrow 
It takes a lot of preparation to fail in such a spectacular fashion 
Mabye if I do badly enough I may finally get moved out of Hammonds set 
" Insanity : doing the same thing over and over again and expecting 
different results . " 
Hugh Dennis on Fast an Loose from the creaters of Mock the Week !!! 
Officially hates the idea of spending a week at home with my family 
Leonard 
Hofstadter : When we watch Frosty the Snowman , he roots for the sun . 
Sheldon 
Cooper : Excuse me , but the sun is vital to life on Earth . Frosty is just 
a bit of 
holiday ephemera with a stolen hat . A crime for which he is never 
accounted for . 
A riddle : If you share it , it will cease to be . What is it ? 
Rodger Bailey : Ho , ho , ho , Ben ! 
Ben Harper : Go , go , go , Rodger ! 
Rodger Bailey : Don't be such a grumpy old Scrooge ! 
Ben Harper : For your information , Scrooge was very much the misunderstood hero of that book . Until the end where Dickens copped out and made him nice . 
Rodger Bailey : You're like this every year . 
Ben Harper : I believe in tradition . 
The EVENT 
Fast and loose with Hugh Dennis !!! 
A solitary hunter , the firetruck can eat up to 8 times its own bodyweight . The ambulances will have to wait their turn . 
Missed the Sproatanators lesson today to go and have a progress meeting 
What a pity I missed out on an opportunity to spend an hour laughing at his inability to teach 
But there's always the rest of the week 
Hitler you've been framed 
FOUND THE IPOD 
Someone just randomly chucked a potatoe at me on my way home , for no 
apparent reason . I don't even know who this person is , or why they had a 
potatoe while walking down the road , but they did , and it seems I was a 
better option than chucking it at the road , a wall or even , oh I don't 
know , TAKING IT HOME WITH THEM ??? I say randomly , but this was probably a 
planned attack , set up by the potatoe brigade . 
Dislikes that horrible feeling when you remember that the work you should have done of the weekend , mainly : English , Maths , French , Tech Coursework , Tech revision and BPE fullcourse revision was actually ignored in favour of doing nothing thanks to a combination of procrastination and the flu ..... 
Thinks he mabye should have done some of the mounting pile of work to do , cosisting of : technology hw , french mock , Science research , maths exams and english exams .... 
But at least I didnt waste the weekend .... 
Oh ... 
Wait a minute , mabye I did 
Is finally getting rid of the rest of the family for the rest of the week as they go up to Ayr 
Just got told by his brother that if I use the computer and he is online with his PS3 then we will use up all the Internet so it will freeze and break ..... 
And thats someone in year 8 or 9 
Even my 6 or 7 yr old brother laughed and he's not the brightest bulb in the box 
Has been banned from four different rooms on his house and is now locked in the conservatory 
Apparently Its because whenever I walk in to a room its annoying and everyones watching the football 
But at least they let me have my French book , what a joy tonight Has been 
Star Wars : The Empire Strikes Back !!! 
Just spent an hour watching quite a rubbish film just to see a fight scene between the greatest person ever and Neo only for my tv to lose it's aerial signal 
Horrible old tv 
Goodbye and Good Riddence 2010 
Although im not expecting 2011 to be any better 
wooo snowy brampton 
Sega must be getting on the wrong side of the recession if it's making games called " sonic colours " ..... 
How the mighty have fallen .... 
Poor sonic 
Vampires in Venice !!! 
The Apprentice 
The Apprentice in Germany 
Still has power !!! 
The One Ronnie = Hilarious 
Doctor Who = only 5 minutes left 
Ask Rhod Gilbert = the new most brilliant idea ever 
Has just spent the better part of four hours teaching one set of grandparents how to use Wii sports , and then moved on to show another grandparent how to fix an aerial ..... 
What a thoroughly exciting and loverly day it's been ...... 
I think its fair to say that for me at least , 2011 has not got off to a good start 
ZOMBIES !!! 
They prefer to be called the living impaired 
Zen .... 
What a weird name for a tv show 
Wants to go back to Germany for a holiday after watching the Apprentice 
Have you ever seen Mary poplins ? 
No .... 
Good , that would have been a rubbish comparison anyway 
The little house or Spooks ??? 
Choices choices choices 
Borat 
Good old Matrix 
just as brilliant now as you were 11 years ago 
The Matrix doesnt just beat french revision .... 
It beats ALL revision 
I dont care about the situations at Newcastle , Gateshead or down south , BBC Newsreader 
I just want to know about the situation in Cumbria , or specifically Brampton 
What a lovely day today is going to be - only four hours of tech to go 
Hot Fuzz ! 
Cant see to the bottom of my garden because of fog .... 
But unfortunately no more snow so schools almost defiantly open 
Fast and Loose !!!! 
Just remembered I have a progress meeting at 9:15 with mother dearest tomorrow 
Lets hope she doesn't fall asleep half way through like she did in the middle of an English talk 
Oh damn , and I wise French as well 
What a pity .... 
Well that was a very productive morning ...... 
JHH equals no money raised 
Mrs Harpham was so disappointed she put £20 of her own money into our forms amount just so it looked like we had actually done something 
Hmmmmm 
Upgrades .... 
In one room we have wire in the blood and worlds deadliest warrior 
In the other we have shrek and narnia 
But if it keeps them entertained and away from me I'm happy 
I'm not marrying out of spite , 
I'm marrying out of fear 
There's a big difference 
Would I lie to you is quite possibly the most hilarious programme on tv ...... 
Come fly with me = New hilarious comedy 
Never mind the buzzcocks doctor who special = also hilarious 
Han solo : 
I've found that Leia's constant questioning of me has been counter-productive to the atmosphere of the ship 
Just cleaned out the top draw of my desk and found among other things : a pebble , a new testament bible , a complete set of monopoly figures , a pocket watch , blue tack , one of the metal things you put on a wall to hang coats on , a sonic screwdriver , a normal screwdriver , a mini electric fan , four pendrives and a French dictionary ...... 
And I don't know how any of them got there 
Got home today to find that my brother had just got home as well , but didn't know i was there , so I decided to bang on the door and chuck it open to terrify him ..... 
And it worked , he know won't let me leave the door unlocked 
Has done absolutely no work over the weekend or today and as such is hoping at the very least that a tonne of my teachers are off tomorrow but a closed school would be so much better 
Stroodle - Not German , Austrian or Italian but well known dish of Yorkshire ..... 
You Chuckle brothers 
Star wars !!!! 
Just got threatened with another stay in the locked conservatory if he says one more word for the next hour but yet he is forced to sit in the living room and listen to screaming celebrities ...... 
Isnt life fun ... 
But you said I would never be converted cyberman !!! 
That was designated a lie 
Peep Show 
Mr Spock the Vegan 
Just let his brother watch a scene from the first alien film .... 
And has finally found a way to shut him up 
I can only say its an improvement 
Hmmm 
Country dancing ...... 
That's not even a sport 
Screw you pe department , 
Ive done it once and that was enough 
My brother just decided to empty a glass over the top of my keyboard .... 
Now its not working very well .... 
Actually , it's barely working ..... 
I'm now going to attempt to chuck his ps3 out of his bedroom window 
Derren Brown !!! 
I can't believe you wouldn't be in a resistance with me . 
Oh , it's snowing ........ 
Who knew 
On one channel we had the BBC news on another we had fireman Sam 
Wow 
Brilliant tv 
He shoots 
He scores 
He calls his teammate a freak 
Peep show - hilarious 
Just thought what a good idea it would be to take buckets of water and tip them all over the schools bus lane thing and turn it into an over night ice rink 
Danny Wallace is quite possibly a genius 
Shaun Hastings is pure brilliance 
I mean , who else can say a line like 
" Bloody third world country " 
" You're talking about Italy ? " 
" No , I'm talking about Europe in general " 
" Hey , isn't england in Europe ? " 
" England is not part of Europe ; we merely tolerate it , you know , like a person tolerates herpes " 
Compare the Market.com 
Reportedly the reason that russian meerkats are poor 
Edinburgh Comedy Fest Live !!!! 
Thinks that Wall-E doesnt have it that bad , 
I mean , a whole world all to yourself with the exception of a plant and a cockroache and a meaning to exist - even if it is only to compact rubbish 
Sounds like he has it pretty good to me 
Does the freakin lion turn up at the end of all the books , save the day , and then talk in stupid riddles that not even yoda would understand ??? 
The animated version of the lord of the rings !!!! 
Flash Gordon - Saviour of the Universe 
Susan Harper : The glass is always half empty with you , isn't it ? 
Ben Harper : Half empty . Chipped . Cracked . Dirty . Smeared with toxic , germ-ridden , radioactive se -- 
Susan Harper : Anyway ... 
Derren Brown Enigma !!!!! 
Sherlock repeats whoop 
The man in immigration grew a moustache , but was refused entry because he was French 
Lemony Snicket !!! 
Why do I live in a house full of ABBA fanatics ??? 
It's on three different tvs and one of those isn't even being watched it's only switched on to annoy me stuck in my room 
Damn you itv 
The Magicians !!! 
Top Gear vs Australia !!! 
And Doctor Whos finished .... 
Shame .... 
Very much as shame .... 
My eyes are going to explode of I see another flashing light ..... 
The stairs are like a frigging airport runway 
Polar bears !!!! 
Are genetically designed to kill the cubs of any other polar bear . If that isn't an extinction notice I don't know what is ...... 
School of Rock !!! 
Sergeant Extreme and Major Awesome 
The RUGBY !!!! 
I'm sorry , it's completely obvious that noel fielding and Richard Ayolade deserved to win ..... 
When you trip over the same christmas tree box on the way upstairs repeatedly , it really does get quite annoying ..... 
Thank goodness its not happening to me , but everyone else who needs to get past it 
Fast and Loose with Hugh Dennis !!! 
Being Human !!! 
Great 
Snow + my brothers = snowballs 
Snowballs + my brothers + my open window = snow everywhere 
Why God ? Why ? 
WHAT . 
IS . 
THE . 
POINT !!!! 
Anakin Skywalker - Biggest over-reacter ever 
Hustle !!! 
Shaun of the Dead , Batman Begins , Alien vs Predator or Family Guy 
Oh what choices there are 
How to decide i wonder .... 
Wow , nice going there people 
The main character comes to rescue you from certain death and what do you do the second you can ? Only fly off and leave him to find out that a dude who chokes people for fun Is his surprise father 
Why on earth did miss hammond think it would be a wise choice to come to school today , i mean at the end of my failed assessment , she even said she had " done herself no favours " coming into school so she may not even be in tomorrow not that I particulary care except i'll bring the ipod for last lesson ..... 
Does she want me to fail or something ??? 
She could have given the whole of half term 
But no ..... 
According to the simpsons , the rapture is going to happen at 3:15 pm on the 18th of may .... 
The same day as my birthday .... 
Coincidence ? 
Hopefully 
Why the hell am I watching countdown at half past 5 ??? 
I mean , I could sleep , but I'm still watching it ..... 
Family Guy Star Wars ! !!! 
" Aren't you a little fat to be a stormtrooper ? " 
" Well stay here and rot you stuck up bitch " 
Family Guy : making sunday nights better 
Father Ted !!! 
Just tried to log onto the schools website on two different computers to see if it would work so I can print off some mod 3 maths papers to do as revision ..... 
Unfortunatly It seems to be broken and as such my maths revision is now dead in the water ..... 
Poor me , looks like i'll have to spend half term not doing work .... 
Don't worry about the world coming to an end today . It is already tomorrow in Australia . 
Eagles may soar in the clouds , but weasels never get sucked into jet engines . 
Before you criticize someone , you should walk a mile in their shoes . That way , when you criticize them , you're a mile way and you have their shoes . 
If you cannot answer a man's argument , all it not lost ; you can still call him vile names . 
Going to church doesn't make you a holy person any more than going to a garage makes you a mechanic . 
A disposition towards inquiry deprived the feline of its vital state , Otherwise known as - Curiosity killed the cat 
A lie well stuck to is as good as the truth . 
Do not argue with an idiot . He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience . 
I asked God for a bike , but I know God doesn't work that way . So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness . 
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police . 
Light travels faster than sound . This is why some people appear bright until you hear them 
If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong . 
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism . To steal from many is research . 
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool , than to speak and remove all doubt . 
A bus station is where a bus stops . A train station is where a train stops . On my desk , I have a work station . 
Some people are like Slinkies ... not really good for anything , but you can't help smiling when you see one tumble down the stairs . 
A bank is a place that will lend you money , if you can prove that you don't need it . 
I thought I wanted a career , turns out I just wanted paychecks . 
Whenever I fill out an application , in the part that says " If an emergency , notify : " I put " DOCTOR " . What's my mother going to do ? 
I didn't fight my way to the top of the food chain to be a vegetarian 
I didn't say it was your fault , I said I was blaming you . 
Some people say " If you can't beat them , join them " . I say " If you can't beat them , beat them " , because they will be expecting you to join them , so you will have the element of surprise . 
The voices in my head may not be real , but they have some good ideas ! 
Laugh at your problems , everybody else does . 
Always borrow money from a pessimist . He won't expect it back . 
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame . 
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you will look forward to the trip . 
My opinions may have changed , but not the fact that I am right . 
Money can't buy happiness , but it sure makes misery easier to live with . 
When in doubt , mumble . 
I intend to live forever . So far , so good . 
Worrying works ! 90% of the things I worry about never happen . 
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion . He said okay , you're ugly too . 
Some cause happiness wherever they go . Others whenever they go . 
I like work . It fascinates me . I sit and look at it for hours . 
I should've known it wasn't going to work out between my ex-wife and me . After all , I'm a Libra and she's a bitch . 
Never hit a man with glasses . Hit him with a baseball bat . 
It seems I've left all maths revision as well as an English paper question and several other pieces of homework until now ....... 
Well English is a waste of time so that's that sorted 
All other homework Is a waste of time so that's that sorted 
And mr Oxley is my maths teacher so I've pretty much already failed my mod 3 resit anyway .... 
Well ..... 
I think I should probably spent at least some of tonight doing maths revision 
Not the end of the world though ..... 
There is always Mod 5 to get that grade .... 
Not that I'll do any good in Mod 5 either , but Procrastination is just much better than revison 
The combination of a failed module 3 exam and an even worse tech project , despite the 7 hours spent on it today , have pretty much provided me with excellent reasons on why I havent done the numerous other tasks of the week and it is not my own fault 
I attempted to revise maths AND do tech folder work but ultimately both failed 
At least it's the thought that counts ..... 
Well this is another weekend spent terrorising the people of New Vegas and 16th Century Rome and not finishing my tech folder or doing the other multiple peices of homework ....... 
But considering my tech product consists of three willlow branches , lots of string and arcylic credit cards it doesnt really matter much folder work I do , i dont think anything can save it anymore 
So a weekend well spent I think 
You are such a good friend that if we were on a sinking ship together and there was only one life jacket ... I'd miss you heaps and think of you often . 
Knowledge is power , and power corrupts . So study hard and be evil . 
To be sure of hitting the target , shoot first and call whatever you hit the target . 
Some people hear voices .. Some see invisible people .. Others have no imagination whatsoever . 
Well that was a deeply uncomfortable parents evening ..... 
For the first time since he was chucked out , my dear father decided , in his infinite wisdom , to turn up at parents evening , spent five minutes complaining then told two teachers that they taught stupid ( not the words he used ) subjects and he didn't know why I was taking them ..... 
He then shouted at a teacher to hurry up and find my results then stormed off 
Monroe !!!! 
Veni . Didici . Deinde oblitum . 
Good old google translate 
Noel Fielding dancing to " Wuthering Heights " on the BBC for comic relief ..... 
Think ill switch over to Jurassic Park 
Hmmmm 
Ive just realsed I spent about 8000 caps in a New Vegas Casino 
Mabye its time to stop ..... 
Not because its addictive or anything , only Ive run out now 
The Mask !!! 
Being Human Series Finale !!! 
24 hour panel show !!!! 
whoo Taken with Liam Neeson is on tv 
finally a decent film to watch 
Veni . Didici . Deliqui . 
Good old google translate . 
Summing up my school life in three words 
Right , I think its about time I found out exactly what this mine craft thing is , 
and to do that I need a place to download it from ?!?!?! 
Monroe !!! 
Again !!! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BTK2E_SW010&feature=youtube_gdata_player 
Batman release date !!! 
18/10/11 
David Cameron and No . 10 on Comic Relief Masterchef !!! 
Is not as impressive as dr who ..... 
What on earth has england been doing ??? 
" Im so flipping skint im half expecting Bono to turn up at the front door and offer to do a frigging charity gig for me " 
ah TV you've done it again 
Bean !!! 
is thinking how much easier it would be for james bond to catch the people who run away from him if he had and could use a batarang ..... 
How Many Roads Must A Man Travel Down Before He Admits He Is Lost ? 
If at first you don't succeed , skydiving is not for you ! 
If you're too lazy to start anything , you may get a reputation for patience 
I wondered why the baseball was getting bigger . Then it hit me . 
Thursdays should officially just go and die 
Is actually quite chuffed I won a creme egg from the sproat-a-nator in biology today ...... 
It is quite possibly the highlight of my week 
Thats just how boring and sad my life gets 
Magicians !!! 
David Mitchell !!!! 
Robert Webb !!!! 
Since when has mothers day been in April ???? 
The Dream Lord's Back !!! 
Doctor : Where did you pick up this cheap cabaret act ? 
Dream Lord : Me ? Oh , you're on shaky ground . 
Doctor : Am I ? 
Dream Lord : If you had any more tawdry quirks , you could open a tawdry quirk shop ! The madcap vehicle , the cockamamie hair , the clothes designed by a first-year fashion student ... I'm surprised you haven't got a little purple space dog , just to ram home what an intergalactic wag you are ! 
Dream Lord : Now then , the prognosis is this : if you die in the dream , you wake up in reality , healthy recovery in next to no time . Ask me what happens if you die in reality . 
Rory : What happens ? 
Dream Lord : You die , stupid . That's why it's called " reality " . 
Lead Balloon !!! 
Well that was a failure of a French exam today 
English ? In the Easter holidays ? 
Does the school think I have nothing better to do ??? 
Admitedly , I dont so i'll probably end up going 
But the fact remains that I COULD have been doing something 
Finds it quite hilarious that my brother called a telescope a ' look through thing ' 
I mean , how frigging stupid can you get 
Van Helsing - Finally something decent to watch now Doctor Who has finished 
The Walking Dead is a TV series now ? 
Whatever will those americans think of next 
It's not about who you are underneath , it's what you do that defines you . 
Classic batman ..... 
Who on earth sets a dentist appointment for 9 o'clock in the morning ??? 
I mean , my mouths still numb from the injection 
Some two and a half hours 
More like five and a half 
Bloody dentists 
Inception ? 
I think Confusion would have been a better suited name 
That's all I'm feeling after watching it 
Well , confusion and sore teeth , but the second part isn't because of the film and quite irrelevant and I'm Struggling to remember why I mentioned it now ...... 
Saturday 23rd of April !!! 
The Game - 1997 film on ITV4 !!!! 
Campus on channel 4 !!!! 
Bloody father dearest , in his finate wisdom , demanded I go to tesco tonight . Turns out is was mothers birthday today and he forgot so he needed me to go pick something ( Although as I later pointed out , dont know why he thought that I would know what she wanted anyway , because I also forgot ) so when we got there both of us he was quite annoyed I was unhelpful and I ended up banished to the car . 
Stupid Waste of Time 
People assume that time is a strict progression of cause to effect , but actually from a non-linear , non-subjective viewpoint , it's more like a big ball of wibbly-wobbly , timey-wimey ... stuff ... 
Classic Quote from Blink 
Yes , okay . Okay . Okay . 
Dalek fleet , minimum twelve thousand battleships armed to the teeth . 
Ah ! But we've got surprise on our side . They'll never expect three people to attack twelve thousand Dalek battleships ' cause we'd be killed instantly . 
So it would be a fairly short surprise . 
Forget surprise . 
ee by by gum 
1 week three days !!!! 
Now it's getting a bit obsessive I think 
Life of Riley ! 
Red Dwarf !!! 
The French think they know best . The English know they know best . 
There is the story of the Frenchman who admits to the Englishman , `You know , if I wasn't French , I think I'd like to be English , ' and the Englishman replies after a moment's reflection , `If I wasn't English , I would want to be!' 
Well thats the final episode of Monroe finished ...... 
Batman forever with the riddler !!! 
I must be cursed 
The parents give one task - to wash the clothes in the washing machine and then dry them , but once they are out of the house ten minutes , I brake the washing machine then the dryer and then while trying to fix the washing machine I break a hair dryer and pull a sponge in half 
Why ?!?!? 
Have I got news for you !!!! 
The Invention of Lying !!! 
Every mammal on this planet instinctively develops a natural equilibrium with the surrounding area but humans do not . You move to an area and you multiply until every natural resource is consumed and the only way you can survive is to spread to another area . Another organism follows the same pattern . A virus . Human beings are a disease , a plague , a cancer of this planet . 
Ah Mr Smith - So philosophical 
The Walking Dead !!! 
The prospect of doing an entire day of english not only at school but also during the easter holidays really does just make the world seem a much bleaker place 
stupid english language 
I think I can safetly say that English was a complete waste of time 
At least blackadders on - i mean he just has robin hood killed - think this will make my day 
Three days left !!!! 
And only a month till LA Noire !!! 
Guess im off to sunny Scotland for the bank holiday weekend 
Its just nice to know about these things in advance ..... 
At least then I could at least attempt to provide an argument on how the idea is awful 
Stupid bloody holidays 
The impossible Astronaut !!!! 
Finally ! 
Derren Brown or the Suspicions of Mr Whicher ??? 
Well I think it's pretty safe to say I have complete and utterly wasted the last two and a half weeks by doing absolutely nothing at all ..... 
Then again it could be worse - I could have accidentally lost all revision notes and books for biology 
Hmmmmm unfortunately it seems my entire biology Mark is based on mr sproat's teaching ..... 
So I've basically failed 
Hmmmm , It seems that I had quite a few french questions to do over easter 
And they also seem quite important to my overall mark 
But instead of doing them - im on Nacht der Untoten 
Wonder how long it'll be before i start regretting it ..... 
" When someone is crying , of course , the noble thing to do is to comfort them . But if someone is trying to hide their tears , it may also be noble to pretend you do not notice them . " 
-Lemony Snicket 
" The most incomprehensible thing about the universe is that it is incomprehensible . " - Albert Einstein 
" Men try to fight destiny only to achieve an early grave . Some try to flee destiny only for it to swallow them whole . Then there are those who embrace destiny and do not show their fear , these are the ones that change the world . " Flemmath from DO2 
" Men invent new ideals because they dare not attempt old ideals . They look forward with enthusiasm , because they are afraid to look back . " -G.K Chesterton 
Stupid hiccups .... 
It's been two and a half hours - Just leave me alone !!!! 
Day of the Moon !!!!! 
Finally 
Rat race !!! 
Such a good film 
