Oct 7th 
Yawn , Feels like . . . 
someone available for ' chat' ? its truly boring . mafia wars isnt loading 
Life is so dull without the element of surprise 
someone at last 
Waiting for ' THE CALL OF DUTY ' 
Argentinoosss .... Gran juego , mejor de las suertes ! ! ! 
i guess , time is not right . . . 
B-Day Calender is a good appl .. u must try it .. its simple , user friendly nd moreover , it realy works-i m usin it .. 
friends list in mafia is filling up to the limit ... 
nd u know , i met a frend of mine who is presently workin for ZYNGA - yes , the same ZYNGA who made MAFIA WARS .... 
OMIGAWD , thank YOU 
can someone take care of my mafia , nd my farms while i am away ?? i wont take long .. 
B'lore .. here I come ... 
anyone has an extra concealable camera ?? 
5inte paisa polum enta kayyil illa .... appola ' treat ' 
got back home , cleaned and oiled my gun , armed and ready to take on whoever challenges my reign .... nd , i hav not forgotten the 4 possums who beat me in MAFIA while i was away . we'l ' deal one by one .... 
zynga , i m not able to sent season gifts to anyone via MAFIA .. dunno what s the problm .... but i keep recievin gifts from my matesm nd i get a bad feelin that i m not returnin the favour ... sort t out .. 
Wish you all a VERY HAPPY ' Christmas ' .. enjoy with your family and friend .. spread the smile .. Look in your socks in the morning and you ill find a gift - from Him .. Lets spread the Joy nd pray to let peace reign everywhere in the world .. 
Merry Christmas .. Celebrate the day with ur family , wine nd cake .... nd Christians , go to church ... lastly , thanks to my buddy who msgd me xactly at the stroke f midnight , i made a jerk out f myself in the church , with evryone staring at me - made my day special .. lol !!!! 
Life s da best teachr .. Ironically , som tough lessns r learnd whn life goes through da smoothst of da seas ... 1 thought to share : If u want to win frends , make t a point to remembr all f thm . Often , we tend to care for da ones that r closest to us , nd by that way , we move farther away from da others .. Like someone said , friendship s like a china .. beautiful in itself , but once broken , will leave traces even if its glued back .. 
reached my 500 limit in MAFIA .. and continuing up ... a special thanks to all mafia frends ... 
coastin ...... ;-) 
but the good thing is that today , i fired all my rounds .. so , i'll hav to drive to town to fetch the next set f cartridges today coz , u kno , ive got nothin else to do tomorrow ..... obvously , if life goes like this , 1K rounds per year limit is way too far that , it'll seem like a tiny dot .... 
Unless a miracle happens , life s gonna be a rough ride ahead !!! . . . 
back 
Holidays comin to an end ... Back to action tomorrow .. Wish u all a prosperous year ahead .. God Bless !!!! 
gracias a Dios 
a break !!! 
it intrestin to note that several people are postin to the same content at an instant . just go to mafia war page and keep refreshin . u will see how many comments are added per second 
vaat lag gayi yaaaaaarr !!!! : -I 
Ever observed , aftr Mondays and Tuesdays , evn the calender says W T F . . . 
hi guys , i am out of MAFIa request .. so , u please invite ME okay .. imrove ur strngt , nd lets rule together 
my status : wide awake - time 3.55 am , 7th march 2010 playing mafia wars at level 160 . simultaneously , downloading ' the ghost and the darkness ' , ' ritu ' , pro/e wildfire 5 ' in torrent . 3 browser windows open in chrome -1 for fb , 2nd => surfin 4 some missin details bout 1969 Pontiac GTO ' Judge ' factory spec , 1969 Ford Mustang ' Eleanor ' spec nd parts .. nd the 3rd , open with my gmail accout chattin with a frnd frm schul .. 
Oh my Lord , how cud i hav missed all those chances that came by all these years to watch the greatest film in the motion picture history - The Shawshank Redemption .. ULTIMATE movie , plottin each nd every emotion in the mind of an unlucky man , carried through diffrent emotional moods nd perfectly balanced with subtleties nd detailing .. GOD , i wish , i get a hug like one in the end ( more meaningful than many ) ... 
blore is a smoke chamber !! i dont know whether its the cold or the gals , but , the guys are surely chugging up great amounts of smoke !! nd im suffocating .. :(( 
Ham kisi se kam nahin !!! 

Jeeyo utho badho jeeto 
Tera mera jahaan ' Let’s go ' 
just watched P.S. I Love You again .. God !!, maybe for the 1001th time .. nd I love it all the more ... 
says , my life is movin through the pit lane ... : I 
During the fifteen minute gap 
between Geography and Maths 
I asked Sarah Philip 
If she would like to go to the pictures . 
“Yes . ” 
With me ? 
“No , Jackie . " .. She was quick . 
Another case of break failure . 
is thinking , its been a long time since I tasted success last . And nw I'm wondering whether they hav changed it . . . 
Mark : The height of fame is when you get to be at The Oval Office at White house with Mr. President 
Steve : No . The height of fame is when , you are at the Oval Office , a secured hotline rings , and Mr. President ignores the call to continue with you 
Dave : Not at all . The height of fame is when , you are at the oval office , a secured hotline rings , Mr. President answers and pause to say , - ' Its for you ' . 
loves going to malls .. not to check out hot girls , but , to watch cool ' dudes ' straining their neck nd focussing their eyes to catch a glimpse of the beauties before they vanish in the crowd 
1411 
wanna start writing .. There is so much in my mind that I want to tell the world !! But , I have never attempted creative writing except for a few diary entries of my schooldays ... Blogging is the first idea that came into my mind .. Better ideas and words of encouragement are always welcome . 
jast had my bestest b'day ever 
I want to live fully , very intensely . I would never want to live partially , suffering from illness or injury . If I ever happen to have an accident that eventually costs my life , I hope it happens in one instant . —Ayrton Senna . I bow my head this day to the True Champion Ayrton Senna . 
says a Lion will not cheat a Lioness . But a Tiger WOOD 
will be here all week ... 
Hurray !!! FB introduced slideshow view for photo albums !!! 
is at his office , tryin to sqeeze in some fb time before his boss comes in to get a report which has been over due !!!! 
Nowadays , my life is simple - eat , sleep , watch films & change facebook status 
says : As we grow up , we just dont ignore / lose friends ... we just realise who our true friends are 
Here's one thing : if for only 1 day , I'll answer YES , what would you ask me for ??? 
The child in a hurry , asked softly , ' Oh Lord , if I'm bout to leave nw , plese tel me my Angel's name!' For which He replied ' Your Angel wil lov u like no other , care for u like Me , feed u even when she s hungry , protect u with the strongest sheild , teach u the ways of life nd will guide u till the end nd beyond . Her name is of no importance , becos thrughout ur evntful colourful life , u ' will ' call her ' MOMMY ! '' Happy B'day Amma 
my ' Nishagandhi ' is gonna bloom tonight . 9 beautiful buds - all time record . will upload the view later tomrw 
is browsing through your fb profile page .. 
cheruviralaal train thaduthu nirthum !!! 
Attention Malayalees around the world : All Wineries , BeAyAre BARs and all ' shaaps ' will function catering to your demands this ' Gandhi Jayanthi ' ( Oct 2nd ) . Come early and avoid the Saturday rush !!!! 
a baby boy !!! Thank God ! 
my phone = ' POOFF!!!' 
was just organinsin my eng : songs .. cudnt froget hw i started listenin to them in the first place .. thanx to Aneez Ahamed and his old Nokia 3300 .. memories start at room 102 , ground floor , block 1 of MH .. 
Bloomingdale's 
was just organizing my friends list and happened to notice that , of the few who is having their face in their prof pic , most of them are showing their right cheek . The rest except one are either looking straight or slightly to the left ( in the pic ) . And the Mr. Exempted is showing his back .. ;) 
If I've had any powers at all , I would've brought my doggy back to life .. 
just saw a video in BBC - two street singers singin a BEUTIFUL song in spanish as Maradona comes in his car and stops in fornt of them and stays to hear them ... Oh od , wht a sweet melodious tone !! i'll kill myself if needed to hear that again !!! 
changed his password . 
Vattappilly Shafeeque Muhammed , here I come . . 
At the age of 4 : Mom knows everything . 
At 8 Mom knows a lot . 
At 12 : Mom doesn’t really know everything . 
At 14 : Mom doesn’t know anything . 
At 16 : Mom doesn’t exist . 
At 18 She’s old fashioned . 
At 25 : Maybe Mom does know about this ! 
At 35 : Before we decide , let’s ask Mom . 
At 45 : I wonder what Mom thinks about this ? 
At 75 : ...... I wish I could ask my Mom about this 
got my bike after a small overhauling , decarbonising , spark plug , filter , oil , chain and sprocket , brake lining , tuning etc .... 
and with a wise use of the throttle , i cranked up 73 kmpl yesterday . seems like the work payed off . 
pandokke daivam ' pinne pinne ' aayirunnu . ippo okke ' appo appo ' thanneyaa 
had fun tracing the topics we covered after a ' very long ' conversation with a friend of mine !!! 
had studied in Grade 4 that white light is made up of VIBGYOR . but , ironically , i never get white when i mix VIBGYOR in a palette !!! all i get is black , which is , in fact , diametrically opposite to white !!! 
Yeah !!! Hips NEV'R lie ... yeahhhh !!! 
relieved !!! 
OHMIGAWD !!!! is everything falling into place ?? hope there is a reason to be happy nd excited !!! 
Here s one for the day : 
A man joined Facebook .. 
His son's status read the next day like this : " Dad joined fb !!! ... WTF !!! " 
Dad asked him wht was wtf ? 
Loving son replied " WELCOME TO FACEBOOK DAd !!!! " 
need a girlfriend for this weekend as his dirty clothes pile is taller than him . Any volunteer's ? 
Had a gr8 tym with frends today .. thnx dhy , thnx guys 
One of my friends joined FB a few days back .. He s thrilled by the experience but is all over the place and is filling my News Feed !!! 
got a room !!! 
just started using FACEBOOK mobile ... YAY !!!! 
Mohammedkk Kallery , Vineeth Chakkarayan , Mathew Cherian , Shafeeque Muhammed , Riyas Asharaf , Fariz Anzar , Kalathil Rasheed , Sreenath Mn , Suresh Kumar , Sham Jahangir , Fenil Basheer , Janib Jamal , Nujoom Cadiri , Aslam T A - I miss the life we once had guys . I really miss those days of glory , fun and party . 
is gaming in his PSP 
opened the last box of 1000 . 22 pellets !!! 
asked a kid he met : " aethu claasilaa padikkane ?? " 
The smart kid was quick to reply : " 3 ' B '" ;D 
ormmakalkkenthu sugandham !!!! 
just walked through JP Park here ... entertaining to observe people of different class , different backgounds .. :) !!! 
updated to New Facebook Profile 
waiting to get home !!!! 
da pidicho ... da pidicho .... 
njan oreyoru paapame cheythittollu .. Sreejith Kartha ye Facebookil cherthu .. ini palliyil pokumbo kumbasaarikkanam !!! 
