I'm So bored ... Haha .. Nth to do .. But Actually I've tons of meaningful things to do ;) but too lazy ; 0 
ah !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! sooooooooooo .... bORin ........ SNIFF ... SNIFF .. haha 
I hAte having stomachAChes ... AHHhh ......... sniff ... sniff ... so glad ... it's over :) 
I miss playin UNO and MONOPOLY DEAL ... :( sad life .. @_ + 
I'm havin a pathetic life now ... ... I feel So Lonely , Sad .. Oh my , I really sound like Rui Xun .. For goodness sake :( my ear piece spoilt .. So sad :) haha .. Lol Sia .. 
I'm goin crazy ;) 
Can't listen to music @_ + 
i'm so bored :( 
monopoly deal competition ... So fun :) tmr 
haha .. kinda miss school :( 
Home WITH PaRENTS = NaGgy , saFe , boRing . 
Frens = FUn , DaNgerous , ExCiting !! ;) 
The NPCC competition is on 7 June .. Haha .. We can take MRT to Chinese garden , then walk a bit there ;) yippee for monopoly deal :) hope everyone'll win ;) 
Fuhua sec is where we'll compete to win B-) it is actually beside Jurong east swimming complex , a surprise to me since I go there occasionally :) 
super tired sia .. i hate projects lor .. Especially physical science project .. still must do board game :( sad life lor .. Lol 
oh gosh , really really dislike goin out with parents and stayin at home doin nth/studyin :( 
super bored holiday , i feel so borin , nth to do .. can't go out :( missin school sia .. 
sad life ... Lol .. :( 
I <3 Korean Movies/shows !! :) 
kaka ( maid ) is like keep askin me to edit sth for her on fb in her account .. super pissed now .. haha .. Lol :) 
sad life ... LIke sort of bein forced to sTUdY durin the holidays :( 
<3 Must see the show " love buffet " translated from chinese !! super interesting and romantic ;) i have the CD .. finish watchin alr :) 
The feelin of goin to school is half-fun and half-borin ;) 
sO MANY projects .. :( 
OK LA , only 2 projects but still .... Sigh .. :( 
super full sia .. ate maggie mee at home .. pathetic sia .. Did deep-frying but super frightened of the oil " jumpin " ... Lol .. 
Eat too much later " Lao Sai ' ... Haha XD ... Lol 
<3 camprock song sia .. " This is me " ;) 
PPl are super weird .. ( Nvm , maybe me only ) When there's school , PPL miss * holidays * but when there's holiday , PPL miss * school * ... Super weird and I'M one of them [ maybe jus me :( ] 
today is an eventful day :D quite happy 
Before I was in the library cafe with my fren , i WAS KINDA PISSED .. :D After i and my fren went inside , a while later .. my fueled anger subsided after chattin and playin games .. anger caused to me by my " fren " bcos he /she , made me emo too sia .. He/she knows who she/he is :D Lol .. but it was really fun and i hope it'll be more fun nxt time ;) 
Today was fun a bit in the sense that our CLs tried their like best to make us more participating .. though it was kinda TIRED and TEDIOUS :D 
how to count yr numberology :) 
add up yr date first , my birthday is on 14/12/1997 
so i add 1+4 = 5 
then add up the month 
so i add 1+2 =3 
then i add up the year , all must be single digit .. 
so i add 1+9+9+7 = 26 
but it must be single digit so : 
26 = 2+6 
2+6 = 8 
i add up my date , month , year : 
5+3+8 = 16 
must be single digit , so : 
1+6 = 7 .. 
so my no . is ( 7 ) : 0 
what is numberology ? 
It is yr life path nUMBER . 
Your Life-Path number is probably the most influential numerological aspect to be considered . This number is determined by your birth date and represents who you are at this time . It indicates specific traits that are present and will likely be active and influential throughout your lifetime . 
dun like doing groupwork sia .. do history project alr by myself , say must work with group dun accept .. so :( .. and " ma fan " ... lazy to do 
<3 OREO & MiLK :D yum .. :D haha .. eatin now 
Miss U SO Much .. :( i wan my chipmunk .. haha .. Lol 
so bored at home :( nth to do 
~ ~ baby .. are u down .. down .. even the sky is fallin down ... ... :D Love " down " song !! ~ Lol ~ + ~ ~ wakin up to see that everything is ok .. the first time in my life .. " innoence " song !! :D 
hate being sick !! 
i didn't eat for the whole day , only drank water/ soft drinks . 
wanna eat , but can't eat , cause later diarrhoea . 
wanna sleep , but can't sleep , cause keep turnin around in bed , not sleepy . 
come out of bed , wanna do sth , no energy .. so sad :( 
can't drink milk , drink h20 
can't eat ice-cream , but super thirsty 
didn't eat , no energy .. 
i slept all the way and perspired like crazy , yet i still feel a bit dizzy like headache 
( fever ) and the stupid fever is still at 38.8 degress . but at least i didn't vomit or have diarrhoea , thanks to not eating .. Lol 
What is yr fav . fruit ? 

Here is the analysis : 
Never one to waste a spare minute , you are a dynamic and active person . You are optimistic and never worry about problems because you're sure a solution will arise when you need it to . 
Swim Here is the analysis : 
You are extremely sensitive and the smallest criticism can profoundly hurt your feelings . When you are not happy with something , you let it show . You are a candid person , but sometimes people might wish you were less of a drama queen . suits reflect yr personality 
How do u react to compliments ? 
When you are being complimented , you respond with a question such as " Who me ? " " You think so ? " or " Really ? " . This shows that you are a good listener and tend to agree with other people's opinions . You don't like conflict and never discriminate against others . 
I feel sad whenever I think of the previous day quarrel with YOU :( 
I feel that my life is too bored so I'm happy that YOU came into my life 
But when will I change into a better person and what will make me change ? I really dun knw .. I feel so hopeless at times :( 
I feel that there is nothing really interestin bout my life , too bored alr .. So sad become depressed ~_~ 
I wish there will be something worth for me to change and to cherish .. 
Leok Boon Siang , i jus ate Mc'donald ( fried fries + fish fillet ) =p 
What's in the picture quiz 
The most important thing in your life is a well-developed mind . 
The type of friends that you want is understanding and sensible . 
This test indicates your attitude towards your present situation in life . 
Though you are happy with your present situation , you think a change would be better . 
The egg indicates your attitudes towards your relationships with others . 
You leave your relationship to fate 
The drawing of water springing out of the fountain tells something about emotions . 
Your emotion is unstable . Sometimes you're very hot tempered , but you can be very calm in many cases . 
When communicating with the one you like , you understand him/her very well . 
This test indicates your attitudes towards your parents . 
You don't want your parents to interfere with what you are doing . 
The five-qnsHere is the analysis : 
Your ideal mate has a sense of humor and is lively . 
You always compare yourself with others . You make your wishes too difficult to come true . 
No effort , no success . That's your attitudes towards success . 
You are a person of principle . You respect social rules and regulations . 
You are emotional , sincere and optimistic . personality quiz 
What would you do if your boyfriend dumped you ? quiz 
You believe that whatever will be , will be . If he wanted to leave you , you would take it as your fate . You might laugh or cry , depending on your own mood at that moment . 
Who's Your Type ? 
You like the one who is friendly and sociable . 
How to tell someone that you love them ? 
YOU NEED A THIRD PARTY 
You have no idea at all about how to tell the one that you have fallen in love with . It's safe to say that asking a friend for help is your best solution to get started . 
The first qualification that you want from your partner is : 
Personality : a person with a kind and good character will always attract you . 
Why do you love someone ? 
Here is the reason : 
You love his or her personality . Everything he/she does is beautiful . 
It would be very difficult for you to fall in love with someone . But when you love , honesty is your first priority . You are an emotional person . 
You are a straight forward person . Some people think you are self-centered , but you don't care . You just probably work against your own best interests . 
When you are at the zoo , you are surrounded by caged creatures that you can't talk with , and which can't communicate with you . This fact subconsciously governs the way you act . It is very similar to how you act in human society as well . In other words , your actions reveal the hidden side of your personality . 
<3 today's buffet :D super fun , tired :) 
yummy hotpot , ice-cream & all .. :D 
Liping Gosiaosiao yr dp ? 
my hidden meanin in name : 
Keywords 
Building 
Planner 
Manager 
Solid 
Stable 
Security 
Traditional 
Practical 
Hard work 
Systematic 
Cautious 
Organization 
Discipline 
Thriftiness 
It is common for you to imagine that you will have a happy marriage and wonderful kids . You are expecting your family to be like a happy family in the soap operas . " Dad is already home , mom . " said the kids in a cheerful voice . You want that kind of warmth in your family . 
You are very direct , which might freak them out . Something along the lines of " Have you ever looked at yourself in the mirror ? " might slip from your lips . 
The Artist 
You love freedom and want to follow your heart's desires . You might not be at your best when dealing with other people . Once you are given the opportunity to work your chosen way , your gift will shine . A tip for you is not to concentrate too much on your own work , but widen your focus and consider the opinions of other people . 
who is yr dream guy ? 
He is wild and adventurous . His path is often against the world . He does what he wants when he feels like . His type of girl is quite like him , independent and wise . If you love freedom and willing to risk , go for this guy . 
How well do you react ? 
You recover quickly from disappointment . But when you feel that things are going wrong , you will react immediately . 
Depth : 37% 
You may find him interesting but , no , you're no u're not in love . 
How well will you survive in this wild world ? 
Because of your kind nature , you always find it hard to turn down people in need . You always want to do so many things at once but eventually you might not achieve anything . Try to focus on one thing at a time and you will surely be successful . 
I wish I can play basketball and go swimming everyday :D 
I hate doin push-ups :( my arms still aches frm doin 40 push-ups :'( 
I hate ppl who lie and betray me ~_~ Y can't ppl jus tell the truth and not have so many ??? behind .. I'm so disappointed and sad and furious 
In Clementi Library now :D were with ClarIssa Thecow a while ago .. Going back soon 
Clarissa and I ate in starbucks :D 
I'm still at clementi library usin com . :D Lol 
Playin plants vs zombies now via y3.com :D 
watched smurfs 3D yesterday at great world city ( golden village ) with aunt and her frens :) 
I really like the SMURF song :D it's like , la .. la .. la .. la .. la .. la .. la .. sing the whole day long .. :D 
It was fun runnin in the RAIN .. so relaxin and WET .. haha .. :D 
I came back frm tuition :D eatin dinner at home alone :'( 
eatin caramel corn + milk :D yummy ! :) :) 
there's so much hw that i haven't do .. Sigh .. 
I'm dead .. I so stressed bout the stupid streamin thingy .. 
Sigh .. I tink i worry so much yet I move so slow .. :'( I'm so scared !!!! 
Today went to Ngee Ann Poly .. it was quite educational 
My mum so weird .. She bringin me home so i ask her if can bring a fren back home cause same road .. but she always say ok then afterwards she'll say ' ??????????? ' , am i wrong for being like that ? Cause my mum says she wanted to bring me to go out eat .. 
My mum , i tink is intendin to change sch for me nxt year but have to discuss it with my aunt ... it might be a gd beginnin for me or maybe a sad one .. i do feel sad if i'm goin to change sch .. she gave me a fright when i heard her call her frens to ask bout sch thingy 
stressed .. there are so many exams and tests coming up :( today's bio test was like so hard :( :( 
I'm so dead .. i tink my reading yesterdAY SUCKS :'( super scared sia yesterday .. sigh .. 
You got tired of me and took me to the shelter . They were overcrowded and I drew an unlucky number . I am in a black plastic bag in a landfill now . Some other puppy will get the barely used leash you left . My collar was dirty and too small , but the lady took it off before she sent me to the Rainbow Bridge . Would I still be at home if I hadn’t chewed your shoe ? I didn’t know what it was , but it was leather , and it was on the floor . I was just playing . You forgot to get puppy toys . Would I still be at home if I had been housebroken ? Rubbing my nose in what I did only made me ashamed that I had to go at all . There are books and obedience teachers that would have taught you how to teach me to go to the door . Would I still be at home if I hadn’t brought fleas into the house ? Without anti-flea medicine , I couldn’t get them off of me after you left me in the yard for days . Would I still be at home if I hadn’t barked ? I was only saying , “I’m scared , I’m lonely , I’m here , I’m here ! I want to be your best friend . ” Would I still be at home if I had made you happy ? Hitting me didn’t make me learn how . Would I still be at home if you had taken the time to care for me and to teach manners to me ? You didn’t pay attention to me after the first week or so , but I spent all my time waiting for you to love me . 
I died today . 
Love , Your Puppy 
... 
Its time to stop animal abuse . 
Copy and paste this to your profile if you are an animal lover . - With Winnie Goh 
I'm so troubled .. Y am i so confused ? Should i choose lit or history ? Choose D & T or Home economics ? Choose Physics or Biology ? :( :( 
So boring day !!! Wt ?? so .. boring :( 
<3 I miss sch , laughter .. joy .. sorrow .. & fun .. peace .. <3 
ToDay's a averageBoRing DaY !! 
k , this is a farewell song/cheer for friendship ... and exams .. mostly friendship ... 
specially for Annabelle but nevertheless i don't even knw if she'll see this ! some Inspiration came frm hui ting .. ha .. ha .. 
A memory lasts forever 
Nvr does it die 
A friendship that is true 
Stays FOREVER !! 
Nvr say Goodbye ! 
u also write to ryan lee , lie him say i write : 
wo qin ai de wei hao bao bei , ni ke zhi dao wo you duo ai ni ma ? wo di yi yan kan dao ni , wo jiu zhi dao ni shi wo de na bei cha , ke shi que bei wo men de di san zhe , xin rong , " give " gao zhe le ! ke shi bu yong jin , wo cui ran de bu dao ni de xin , ke shi wo ye bu hui " let " xin ... 
continued again .. ha .. 
To have more than a hundred friends 
Is not that glory nor impressive ! 

But to have a true friend indeed ... 
Is a glory and truely impressive ... 
And is a treasure to ALL ! 
Lastly , I wish everyone to get flying colours 
For yr exams !! Hope everyone enjoy their holidays !! 
Cookies Oreo and _______ ( 7 letters + 1 space ) sitting under the tree ... K .. I .. S .. S .. I .. N .. G ... as INNOCENT as they can be !! Wow ... Isn't that romantic ?? Oh my god !! She's in love with him !!! Oh my GOD !! Who is it ??? Wow .. So Interesting rite !!! HaHa ... ... Ryan Lee's So Jealous rite ... Ha .. Ha .. 
continued ... the cheer too long ... 
A friendship nvr ends ! 
And would nvr ever end ... 

A true friendship is to 
Be CHERISHED ! 
A friendship that lasts forever is too great 
To be TRUE ... 
thanks to everyone for wishing me a happy birthday no matter who u are & what u are :) I <3 Birthdays !! Yeah !! Lots of presents !! Even better :) haha .. 
