Finally it feels like summer-unfortunately that is both inside and outside -- the A/C people come tomorrow ! 
Happy Birthday to my niece Rachel , my nephew Matt and my Father-in-law ! 
is back to Springhill again today -- thank God for friends to carpool with ! This time it is my little baby that will be gone-even over her birthday :( 
Crazy week this week and still playing catch up -- working on staying motivated :) 
I am deciding that working at home with kids around is more than a little challenging :) 
Michael Jackson and Farrah Fawcett both dead today -- how sad -- R.I.P. 
Can't believe it is so late-had fun celebrating Jill's birthday and seeing friends . So glad Jody could make it in to town :) 
So glad soccer tryouts are over for another year ! 
Busy day today-Swim meet and my in-laws 50th Anniversary Party-tons of errands and insurance quotes to do -- How to fit it all in ? 
Seriously , I am determined to be rained on--couldn't the rain have stared BEFORE my morning walk ? 
is heading to Mary's house -- so glad I gave up golf tonight ! Also loving my new Pandora radio app ! it is free and awesome ! 
Buy Michigan Week ! 
my baby is babysitting a 6 month old today -- how could it be possible she is old enough to babysit ? 
Quoting and golf today-however I need to get my 3 wood fixed from when my daughter decided to shoot the club head 70 yards the other night-she is pretty powerful ... And then a fun soccer party on the lake . Now if only my eyes would cooperate ! 
Happy Fourth of July ! Happy 50th Anniversary to my in-laws ! 
Happy Birthday to my 10 year old girl , Nani--can't believe that I won't see her until tomorrow when I pick her up from camp :( 
My baby is going to camp tomorrow for 5 days-She is going to have a great time -- her mom is going to have a hard time with her being gone :( 
golfing is going to be hot , hot , hot tonight ! 
Should I go or not ? 
Does anyone else have trouble loading pics on facebook ? I have three or four albums to load and keep getting upload unsuccessful and other error messages ... 
Needs to learn to just say NO ! 
Yeah ! Lexe is with us today ! 
I have an hour to myself -- how much can I get done ???? 
Of to book club -- wait a minute-we didn't read any books this time :) 
Hopes tomorrow runs more smoothly than today did :) 
is enjoying her Jeff Gordon wine that I was supposed to be saving for a special occasion-I guess this is it -- off to my bro and sis-in-laws to go in the hot tub later ... 
Happened to read a horoscope today and it said that I should not do anything with insurance today -- sounds scary -- maybe I should take the day off since I work in insurance ? Good thing I don't believe in that stuff 
I love my neighbors ! 
The bad thing about being friends with Jeff Gordon on Facebook is that I found out how he finished in today's race before I watched it -- Darn it ! Oh well ... I will still watch it anyway ! 
Just discover Google Maps -- I love Google ! 
First day of school/cross country went well--let's see how we do for the rest of the week ! 
Great day for a soccer game-Go Kayleigh ! Let's see another goal like last weekends ! 
Yay ! the Heating and Cooling guy just got to my neighbors -- he will be here next ! I am boiling working in my home office today :) 
Love it when I find money in my pockets-today I found exactly $24.00 and of course 24 is my favorite number-should be a great day-hope I golf well ! 
Off to the St. Pat's Fair ! 
loves her very driven daughter-today she has started digging steps in our yard that we must build right now , she is setting up for the fall garage sale and she is redoing our kitchen -- I just wish she liked cleaning the house :) 
Great night tonight-looking forward to the Fiesta tomorrow night and wondering how to make it through Glow Golf on Saturday-will be fun though ! 
Looking forward to a fun lunch today to celebrate my friends B-day ! 
Well you know you win some-you lose some-my purse was stolen tolnight in Milford Michigan of all places right outside of a jewelry store-thankfully I had my license , most of my cash and my American Express card with me ... maybe it will turn up ... Hope whoever took my bag likes my Coach purse -- maybe they needed it more than I did :( :( 
My oldest baby is 12 today-where has the time gone ? Happy Birthday Kayleigh ! 
Glow Ball tonight !!! I am ready !!!! Birkdale v Cross Creek--Let's try not to lose our coats , golf clubs , friends on the golf course , or anything else tonight ! Last year we had a jacket in the coat check for months-golf clubs all mixed up in the wrong bag-but it was so much fun ! 
Only 300 pages to read before book club tomorrow and I have had the book since the spring-when have I ever done that ? Plus two quotes to do ... better get reading ! 
Had so much fun tonigh t-t hanks to all that came-thank you Tracy for the wonderful Sangria recipe-loved it ! Very happy to not have the usual PPFO-PreParty Freak Out-what a difference an always clean house makes :) 
Running , Church , Soccer and Nascar-should be a pretty good day ! 
Last two soccer games of the outdoor season-Let's win both ! Go Extreme ! 
Soccer tomorrow-please no knee problems ! Too many soccer women with knee problems-Can't wait to play though , it has been too long ! 
Finally warm after a long hot bath and a hot dinner-being outside in the cold rain was miserable-at least the soccer was great ! Congrats to Kayleigh and her team for going undefeated this soccer season ! Congrats to Nani and team for a win today ! 
What a weekend ! 
Halloween , Birthday Celebrations , Time Change and Talledega in the same weekend-Awesome ! 
Don't you hate it when a book ends ? I really miss the characters I was reading about ... 
Great day today-so wonderful to catch up with not one but two friends I haven't seen for too many years ! Oh and the insurance training was good , too :) 
If people would just listen we might not have to explain things a million times !!!! 
Calendar is full this week ! Should be a good one-just hope I have the energy for it all :) 
Is so thankful for my friends ! Love them ! 
Ok-I give ! The computer wins ! Ughh ! 
is thankful for my children-Kayleigh and Nani make it easy to be a mom ! Most days that is :) 
Soccer season starts for me on Friday ! Can't wait ! 
Guess if the Weather Channel says 60% chance of rain we should skip walking ??? Just saying ... 
Nani's team had a really great and much needed win today-Hoping to continue that with a win by Mr. Jeff Gordon tonight and two soccer games tomorrow ! 
Is really hoping for a better day tomorrow-computers locking up-gps systems not working-love technology , but seriously ... 
Beautiful day for more Christmas Shopping :) 
Looking forward to a great weekend-soccer , futsal , hockey , Silpada , and off for a girls night in K-zoo and , of course , the Nascar Championship on Sunday ! 
Great soccer tonight team ! Outside of taking a really fast ball in the stomach-no injuries ! 
Happy Birthday Rusty Rue ! 7 years old today -- maybe we can get you some Frosty Paws later and a new toy ! 
is going to the movies-finally ! 
Wishing Good Luck to my niece , Lexe today for her surgery ! 
Trying to get everything all done and failing miserably :( I haven't even had time to be on facebook ! 
Merry Christmas Everyone ! Have a safe and wonderful holiday ! 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone ! 
Last Nascar post of the year-Congrats Jimmie Johnson on 4 Championships in a row ! Congrats Jeff Gordon on 3rd place in the standings ! Congrats Hendrick Motorsports for 1-2-3 in the Championship Standings ... Now can't wait until Daytona in February ! 
Need a driver for my children's activities for the weekend -- hard to have a social life outside of kids when we have soccer , futsal and hockey games -- I had a girls weekend away already planned , but Johnny deserves his guys weekend too . What to do ?! Uncle Mike ? Aunt Monica ? Aunt B ? Auntie Lisa ? Lexe we could use you for babysitting Saturday night ? 
Why is it that I can never sleep on Monday nights when I have to get up at 5:00 am every Tuesday -- Seriously ! 
Back to " real life " after a great holiday season-two soccer games and hockey today ! 
Sorry Kids-no snow day , darn ... tee hee ! That's mean I know , but they have just been home for two weeks ! 
I thought Sundays were a day of REST ? Not for me today-but it was a great weekend anyway :) And there is Nascar today ! 
Anyone looking for a gripping book to read try " We need to Talk About Kevin " by Lionel Shriver-great read . Be prepared it is not light reading though --- 
According to my friends it is Retro Pic week-let's see old pics of everyone ! 
Great Christmas Eve Eve service at church-now off to spend more quality family time with the nieces , nephews and in-laws ! 
Needs to practice her soccer juggling-my kids can do lot's I am only up to two ! Okay soccer superstars I need some help here :) 
Packing to go to my second home for the weekend -- Total Soccer ! We will be there every day ... hope for 3 victories and no injuries ! 
Getting my permanent cast tomorow bu t---t he good news is that Ican have a waterproof one put on before my vacation ! 
my daughter is going to go back to school tomorrow with red streaks in her hair from the hair painting at the soccer tourney that won't come out -- oh well Mr. Bison -- look out -- her comes Nani red hair and all ! 
Soccer tonight at 11:35 pm ! 
No cast for my vacation ! But I cant use my left hand at all-back to one handed typing and seeing how much i can talk my family into helping me pack ! 
Praying for my friend Cliff and his family as they say goodbye to their wonderful son Mark who was taken too soon this past weekend ... give them the strength to get through these tough times ... 
Got my book for BOTH of my book clubs today-can't wait to read it :) 
Is my husband right ? Hockey is safer than soccer ? My fractured wrist says he might be right ! 
My daughter is all of a sudden taller than me now-not that it was much of a stretch , but really at 12 years old ? 
I think I am keeping PC Pros in business with all the problems my computer has-time to save up for a Mac ! 
So Nani says to me this morning " You're the Best Mom Ever ! " Hmmm ... what has she done or what does she want ??? 
Looking forward to 4 hockey games-2 soccer games and Book Club this weekend- Fun ! Fun ! Fun ! 
Why do I look at Facebook before I finish watching a Nascar race ????? Dang ! 
Nani Walker says " Dad , don't you remember you said I could have the goldfish " Here dad says , " I don't remember saying that " , Well weloome to our house Mufasa and Luna -- not one , but two goldfish ! Hope they like our three cats :) 
Found my new favorite app for my iPhone AND my computer -- Evernote-it is awesome !!! 
Good Times , Good Friends , Good Health to you ... and the Luck of the Irish in all That You Do --- Happy St. Patty's Day Everyone !!! 
Johnny and I have been married 14 years today ! 
If you believe your Daughter(s ) is amongst God's greatest blessings on the face of this earth , copy and paste this as your status and give them a hug ! I ? MY DAUGHTERS 
Go Jeff ! 
First soccer game post foot surgery-so excited ! 
Forgot how much I love Northern Michigan-great skiing and tubing today ! Can't wait for more tomorrow :) 
Great winter break week skiing and soccer ! Can't wait to see my mom tomorrow :) 
Nani is awesome ! ( : best kid in the world . take that kayleigh xD 
Ouch ! I have been beat up by an 11 year old-how is it that i ended up with the black eye and headache ... where's the ice ? No Superman shoes for you-Nani ! Still love you though :) 
Loving Kentucky ! I think I could move here :) 
Soccer tonight ! Now just need to find some more energy :) 
Can't believe the music on Sirius satellites Hits 1-first Rebecca Black and now Barbara Streisand from Duck Sauce :( funny-when I hit the info button it said sorry-me too ... 
Hello Florida ! 
" Let's adopt a highway " says Nani . " did you know that means cleaning it up ? " said Kayleigh . " Oh , forget that-how about if someone adopts my room ? " 
This place is paradise ! 
Started my new business today " Captain Val's Fishing Charter " -so far it is a success-fish have been caught , sharks , dolphin , stingrays and crab have been spotted-now onto lunch and hopefully seeing some Manatee's! 
Bye Florida-vacation was so great-can't wait ' til next time ! 
Another story from " Nani's World " - she says " I want to go to Africa more than anything-it's my dream to go there . " then seconds later- " do I have to get vaccinated ? " I said " Probably " then she says " then I'm not going " OK then- 
Yay Force ! 
Happy Easter ! 
Crazy busy week-so glad tomorrow is Thursday already ! 
I think l drugged my dog ! I was told to give him Benedryl-And he is out-well he won't be waking me up tonight-but don't think I will sleep much making sure he's ok :( 
So done with Sears Repair service-spent about eight hours of my life between trying to set up an appt ., waiting for the appointment and ... finding out why they didn't show up ... Ridiculous-I will find someone locally for much less frustration , I am sure ... 
Anyone have any " can't put it down-had to keep reading " books to read ? I need some suggestions , please ... 
Had to say goodbye to our foster kitties tonight-so glad we will be able to see three of them in the future :) 
Love Soccer Tournaments :) so much fun for the kids and for the adults ! Go Force ! 
Great job Force ! Hang tough this afternoon ! 
Riding in the boat with my children driving makes me nervous ! So glad they can't drive a car yet ! 
My arm has been twisted ... again :) Love my friends ! 
24 Rules ! 84th Victory today at Pocono ! On to MIS ! 
Thinking of my dad today-lost him two years ago :( 
Last day of school for the summer-what a great year ! Now on to high school and the seventh grade ! 
Happy Bithday RayRay , Matthew and Bill-June 19th is a big day in the Walker family ! Congrats to Nani for making her soccer team-Go Force ! Go 24 ! 
Seems like summer just started , but when I put everything into my calendar tonight seems like it is just as busy as the school year . How am I going to fit everything in ? 
First pool party of the season at the Gingras house-no worries the pool isn't finished yet :) 
Go Jeff #24 ! 
No kids sports today-think I might actually get something done for a change-maybe I will paint my office :) 
Last Nascar race til Daytona in February-Go 24 ! And go Kayleigh in hockey today ! 
5 Soccer games this weekend-3 Wins , 1 Tie and 1 Loss -- Great weekend for sports and my kids . Is it my time now ? 
Driving up to Leelanau Peninsula-so pretty ! Then Lansing for Nani's game :) 
Found a great use for newspapers -- if you have any stinky cleats , skates or tennis shoes from your wonderful sports playing children , stuff with newspapers-it really works to get rid of the smell :) 
Why am I always pulling a late night before BNI on Tuesday mornings when I have to be at a meeting at 6:30 am ? I guess I can always sleep tomorrow night :) 
Happy Easter Everyone ! 
USA wins ! 
We saw the space shuttle take off this morning ! So cool !!! But why did I forget my camera :( 
Best wave pool ever-Lake Michigan ! 
Took 1st Place for a mixed foursome of golfers in the Chamber Golf Outing today --- So Excited ! 
81 degrees today -- am I back in Florida ? But 50's this weekend -- must be Michigan :) 
Home Sweet Home ! Not leaving again for two whole weeks :) 
More Canton Cup today-So far 3 wins and 1 loss-Go Extreme ! 
Can't wait until Friday -- want to see the beach in South Haven . Looking forward to a fun girls weekend ! 
Soccer at 11pm is fun-really :) 
If you are in or near Orlando and like pizza-go to Flippers pizza . It's amazing !!! 
Off to Anna Maria island to see the Lie's and the Whites--can't wait ! 
Prayer request for our business partner and his family while he recovers from having a heart transplant this morning ... 
Go Wings ! Excited to watch the game with Lexe , Mike and the rest of the family ! 
Big Birthday Day in the Walker Family-Happy Birthday to my nephew Matt , my niece RayRay and my Father-in-law ! 
Rigby was here !!!! 4.8 lbs . So cute !!!! Hilarious !!! Only 11 weeks old !!!!! From Nani 
On the road again ... can't wait to get back home again .... 
She shoots-she scores ! Mom's got bragging rights -- for now anyway til tomorrow when we start the marathon of 5 soccer games :) 
Love it when my nieces and nephews stop by ! 
Detroit Tigers with Kayleigh ! 
Book Club ! 
What's for dinner ? 
So lucky to have Mary's charger and Rebeccas computer ! Forgot mine and I don't know know how to handle not having my iPhone ! :) we were going to have an intervention ! 
Have to pick a book for book club by tomorrow -- anyone read anything great lately ? Can't wait to read " The Girl who Kicked The Hornet's Nest " but it won't be out in time-Help ! 
Looking forward to a crazy busy week--lot's of soccer and hockey-Go Extreme ! Go Wildflowers ! 
How is it that when my kids have a sleepover I am the one who doesn't get any sleep ? 
So Nani says to me tonight " I accidentally had a cookie " . Just how do you " accidentally " have a cookie I wonder ? 
Girls Weekend Round 2 Starting tomorrow at 12:30 ... Boyne and Harbor Springs here we come ! 
Maybe I am figuring out some of this golf thing-chipped it in hole ! Plus had a great time with great friends -- hopefully we will get more of our " non " golf league in this year ! 
Ice Cream with the family-yep Rusty too . He loved it -- now Red Wings ! 
Wonder what Nani is more excited about the header she made into the goal or the ice cream from Coach Todd for doing it :) 
Two soccer games tomorrow-can't wait ! 
Big Day ! so glad to hang with my girlfriends tonight ! 
Kayleigh and Nani playing on the same team again tonight-brings back great memories ! 
Great weekend of soccer-not the end result we wanted , but the girls played great-we will get them next time ! Congrats to our friends on the Jags ! Go Force and Go 24 tonight :) 
Happy Mom's Day to all the wonderful moms I know-it is the best job ever ! 
Happy Birthday to my baby boy Rusty-8 years old today ! 
Hoping I found the fountain of youth-my wrist healed like I was a kid the doctor said and now my eyesight is improving . Hmmm ... must be doing something right :) 
Hoping the AC guy shows up today ! But at least it is only 78 degrees inside today-yesterday we were at 83 ! 
Cheeseburger in Paradise-(or Caseville ) :) 
Love those soccer games in the rain !!! 
Hope I make it through this crazy week ! 
Wondering why we our snow plow is sitting in our garage not attached to our tractor ? At least the snow blower works :) 
Waiting at Spring Hill for them to open the gates -- my Nani is going to be gone for 6 days . How will we stand the quiet ? 
What is it with golf ? One night I can't hit anything bad-the next day I can't hit anything good ... Not even a decent make me want to golf again shot :( 
Last Day of School today-my baby is now out of elementary school-what a great experience she had :) Great teachers , Wonderful Friend-Love that school ! 
Loves watching all of my favorite holiday movies :) 
Trying to get my golf game back on-so far so good ! And ... Happy Birthday Jeff Gordon :) 
Seriously-Jeff Gordon was in first place and has engine issues-what is going on with this chase season ? 
Soccer Tourney-Go Attack ! 
Excited for the new paths my daughters have chosen for their sports . Nani is so geeked to play for the Force next year and Kaykeigh is looking forward to playing in the Little Ceasars travel hockey league . 
Happy Fourth of July ! Heading to the lake ! 
Even though I got rejected for not being a big enough NASCAR fan to be in a research study , I am very , very excited Jeff Gordon is on the Pole ! 
My baby is 11 years old today -- I love you Nani ! 
Force Invitational This Weekend-Go Force ! 
It's my lucky day-As I was at the gas pump about to pump my gas-they lowered the price :) 
Happy Father's Day to all the great dad's out there on earth and in Heaven . Miss you Daddy ! 
Great day/night on Union Lake ! Love the new jetski -- that thing is seriously fast . So much fun !!! 
Going to get Kayleigh tomorrow at hockey camp-can't wait to see her ! 
Picking up Nani tomorrow-can't wait to hug her ! 
At MIS-go Jeff ! 
I think today is the perfect day :) 
Boating on Lake St. Clair today ! Soooo excited ! 
Not sure-will know tomorrow :) 
Who has been on my Facebook ? And keeps changing my profile pic ? I am guessing it is my Nani ? Time to change my password !!! :) 
FORCE FC ROX !!!!!! nani ! :) <3 
I can always tell when Nani has taken over my facebook page-just look at the pictures :) 
Went to the most amazing wedding today-A Midsummer's Night Theme Wedding-So much fun ! 
T-Bays ! 
Taking off-see you at 3:05 Florida ! 
Soccer Tournament in Grand Rapids this weekend-first tourney with the new team ! So Excited ! 
Watching my niece play soccer-first time since her knee injury last year-Great job Lexe ! 
Cedar Point with Kayleigh and Christie ! 
I actually slept the whole night through-excited to see what I can get done today with all my energy ! 
I am alone in the house ' til 9pm-why does that seem different than during the day when the kids are at school and Johnny is at work ? 
My little baby girl is going off to middle school ! Hope someone is there to help her with her locker ! 
Great bike ride tonigh t-t hanks Kayleigh ! Great fire tonight to relax to-thanks Nani for the idea :) 
Merry Christmas to All ... 
Love Grand Rapids-the Crew Cup , the people that organized the tournament and some of the Crew parents not so much . The girls did great-2 wins and a tie ! Go Force ! 
Having a great Thursday ! Hope everyone else is-thanks Rebecca-RayRay-kayleigh -matt , etc ! Love you all ! 
Book Club on the patio-no books involved but hopefully lots of good stories ! 
My baby is 13 in 39 minutes ! Happy Birthday Kayleigh ! 
Celebrating the 10th anniversary of my brother-in-law being cancer free ! Love you Mike Walker ! 
Really need to sleep through the night to be ready for crazy , busy weekends :) 
So our million dollar hotel includes Red Wings ! Nice ! 
Wonderful ! 64 degrees in my house ! brrrrr .... 
Wow ! Waza took it to the next level of viciousness in Nani's soccer game tonight . Thought I was watching the girl from Brigham Young-kicking our player in the head and in the back while she was down-bad form !!! 
Rain , Rain Go Away :( 
Oh my goodness ! Teaching my mom how to use her new iPhone-might be her all day ! 
Such a great party tonight-AMAZING costumes ! So much fun ! 
Looking forward to a lot of soccer this weekend-Go Screaming Eagles and Go Force ! Show them what you are made of ! 
Nani is teaching me some soccer skills-she thinks I should start with a double scissor-ok Nani--what's next ? The bicycle ? 
Feeling very blessed today on my birthday-thank you all for being great friends and family ! 
To all my friends that read and loved " The Help " the big screen version is due out next August-can't wait to see Skeeter , Minnie and Abileen on screen :) 
Thankful for old friends , new friends and family-love you all ! 
So sad to hear what I heard on the way in to my daughter's soccer game-three sets of parents getting after their kids for how they played-one even said a loss was their child's fault-seriously ? 
Love you Al ! So glad to share our birthdays together-we are going to have a great time in FL ! 
Looking forward to seeing Jody P tonight :) It has been too long ! 
Go State ! 
Happy New Year ! Hope everyone has a wonderful and safe NYE ! 
Great job Wildflowers ! 3-1 ! 
Back to my real life-thank you Florida-it was wonderful ! See you in April ! 
It's official-John , Z and Bill are the new owners of Insurance Advisors-yeah ! 
Outdoor hockey game tomorrow and it is supposed to be only 2 degrees-at least there is a warming hut for spectators :) 
Seriously after 10 years of living in my house can I figure out how to not lock myself out ? Everytime my husband goes out of town I do this-at least I am prepared now-no more calls to the locksmith ! 
