Love or hatred must constantly increase between two persons who are always together ; every moment fresh reasons are found for loving or hating better 
( Honore de Balzac ) 
The greatest sweetener of human life is Friendship 
( Joseph Addison ) 
Often it is the most deserving people who cannot help loving those who destroy them . 
was 14+ uren aan het werk , was wel heel leuk ... morgen weer ... Nu een beetje slapen 
" To love for the sake of being loved is human , but to love for the sake of loving is angelic . " 
There are many reasons why we don’t always get what we want . One of these reasons is because we focus on the opposite of what we want . Sometimes , we just can’t help it . But , if we are conscious of our thoughts , we can intercept these thoughts and shift our frame of mind towards our desired goals . 
“To love is to risk not being loved in return . To hope is to risk pain . To try is to risk failure , but risk must be taken because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing . ” 
After 14hours at work ... still have to do some school work . 
Lucky is the man who is the first love of a woman , but luckier is the woman who is the last love of a man . 
Friendship is like a gamblers instrument , it divides our pain and doubles our joy , the more friends you have . The more chance you have of winning the game of life . And enjoying every second of it 
I am ......... 
“Our dilemma is that we hate change and love it at the same time ; what we really want is for things to remain the same but get better . ” 
ik lust .... kipburger en patat shoarma en ananas kip en kaas van wolly's , pikante kip van crystal , pikante garnalen van chi min , rijst met hert zelf klaargemaakt , 3 mcflurry's alle 3 smaken , sundae chocolate met noten 5 maal , 5 liter chocolate chip ice cream van fernandes , mope sap en cola , belgische wafels , taart , chocolate cake en nog iets heel lekkers ........... 
I am .............. 
Al me vrienden krijgen snoep . Ik wil ook .. wie heeft snoep .? 
My imagination is the source of my creativity which is the engine behind my ambition 
“There are only two ways to live your life . One is as though nothing is a miracle . The other is as though everything is a miracle . ” 
I think life's an irrational obsession . 
deception is an art of misleading 
When we are motivated by goals that have deep meaning , by dreams that need completion , by pure love that needs expressing , then we truly live life 
Girls never know what they want 
The purest form of innocents is knowing everything without knowing anything 
For to win one hundred victories in one hundred battles is not the acme of skill . To subdue the enemy without fighting is the acme of skill . 
~ Sun Tzu 
The passion for obsessive fantasy is a dark road through one’s imagination . 
Life is meaningless only if we allow it to be . Each of us has the power 
to give life meaning , to make our time and our bodies and our words into 
instruments of love and hope . 
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet . 
My obsession with time informs my poetry so completely it is hard for me to summarize it . We want time to pass , for new things to happen to us , we want to hold on to certain moments , we don't want our lives to end . 
Almost broke my nose playing soccer ..... Now I have one more jersey that is coverd in blood ..... 
“Far and away the best prize that life offers is the chance to work hard at work worth doing . ” 
“I think we all wish we could erase some dark times in our lives . But all of life's experiences , bad and good , make you who you are . Erasing any of life's experiences would be a great mistake . ” 
When I hear somebody sigh , " Life is hard , " I am always tempted to ask , 
" Compared to what ? " 
Security is mostly a superstition . It does not exist in nature , nor do the children of men as a whole experience it . Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure . Life is either a daring adventure , or nothing . 
Women like silent men . They think they're listening . 
Love never dies a natural death . It dies because we don't know how to replenish its source . It dies of blindness and errors and betrayals . It dies of illness and wounds ; it dies of weariness , of withering , of tarnishing . 
The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this : Decide what you want . 
Love does not exist ad life is just a meaningless journey full off pain and disappointment . 
who will win the 2010 world cup 
A dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight , and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world . 
I miss work .... Only 31 hours letf .... to monday ... 8 am ..... can't wait . 
Life is the sum of all your choices , there are no mistakes only things you don't like or things others disapprove ........... 
Every person has 1000 wishes . A cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know that 97% will not post this to their status , but I know that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status , at least for an hour , in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still fighting it 
If you don't like something change it ; if you can't change it , change the way you think about it . 
It's only when we truly know and understand that we have a limited time 
on earth -- and that we have no way of knowing when our time is up -- 
that we will begin to live each day to the fullest , as if it was the 
only one we had . 
“It's 
important to give it all you have while you have the chance . ” 
Life is a gift . Never forget to enjoy and bask in every moment you are in . 
Plant a seed of friendship ; reap a bouquet of happiness 
Finally my day Friday the 13th 
A sense of wrongdoing is an enhancement of pleasure 
( Oliver Wendell Holmes ) 
' Going to work for a large company is like getting on a train . Are you going 60 miles an hour or is the train going 60 miles an hour and you're just sitting still ? ' 
Hope itself is a species of happiness , and , perhaps , the chief happiness which this world affords ; but , like all other pleasures immoderately enjoyed , the excesses of hope must be expiated by pain . 
What you leave behind is not what is engraved in stone monuments , but what is woven into the lives of others . 
Obsessional does not necessarily mean sexual obsession , not even obsession for this , or for that in particular ; to be an obsessional means to find oneself caught in a mechanism , in a trap increasingly demanding and endless . 
In every work of art the subject is primordial , whether the artist knows it or not . The measure of the formal qualities is only a sign of the measure of the artist's obsession with his subject ; the form is always in proportion to the obsession . 
“One has to live in the present . Whatever is past is gone beyond recall ; whatever is future remains beyond one’s reach , until it becomes present . Remembering the past and giving thought to the future are important , but only to the extent that they help one deal with the present . ” 
“Nobody can go back and start a new beginning , but anyone can start today and make a new ending . ” 
“Time is free , but it's priceless . You can't 
own it , but you can use it . You can't keep 
it , but you can spend it . Once you've lost it 
you can never get it back . ” 
A friend is someone who , upon seeing another friend in immense pain , would rather be the one experiencing the pain than to have to watch their friend suffer . 
“Depression is the inability to construct a future” 
My obsession is my day-long Joy and Torment 
“In the beginning you will fall into the gaps in between thoughts – after practicing for years , you become the gap . ” 
There I was again tonight , forcing laughter , faking smiles 
Same old , tired place lonely place 
Walls of insincerity , shifting eyes and vacancy 
Vanished when I saw your face 

( Great song :P ) 
Our current obsession with creativity is the result of our continued striving for immortality in an era when most people no longer believe in an after-life . 
Even though we've changed and we're all finding our own place in the world , we all know that when the tears fall or the smile spreads across our face , we'll come to each other because no matter where this crazy world takes us , nothing will ever change so much to the point where we're not all still friends 
Shaafie Kurban Ik heb gehoord dat jij en je team gisteren wreed hebben gewonnnen van John Ramdat Tewarie , Shifarat Karamali en Tariq Saboerali 
Your ability to use the principle of autosuggestion will depend , very largely , upon your capacity to concentrate upon a given desire until that desire becomes a burning obsession . 
That's the thing about depression : A human being can survive almost anything , as long as she sees the end in sight . But depression is so insidious , and it compounds daily , that it's impossible to ever see the end . The fog is like a cage without a key . 
The greatest injustice is using the law to keep justice at bay . 
That's the thing about depression : A human being can survive almost anything , as long as he/she sees the end in sight . But depression is so insidious , and it compounds daily , that it's impossible to ever see the end . The fog is like a cage without a key . 
“The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once . Still sometimes it seems like everything is happening at once ..... ” 
I am trapped inside my mind , it is like a maze . 
Every path leads to pain , 
Every dead end symbolizes sadness , 
Every corner causes misery , 
But like every maze there has to be a way out . 
wie te veel van zichzelf houdt , houdt van een dwaas 
ILM 
Sometimes you put walls up not to keep people out , but to see who cares enough to break them down 
“The greater your capacity to love , the greater your capacity to feel the pain . ” 
I want to dance :) 
I am in a cage where I can only watch my world get destroyed and shattered Then I wakeup and my dream turns into the nightmare of reality . 
Do not seek the because - in love there is no because , no reason , no explanation , no solutions 
( Anais Nin ) 
Truly great friends are hard to find , difficult to leave , and impossible to forget . 
Courage is the discovery that you may not win , and trying when you know you can lose . 
We realize our dilemma goes deeper than shortage of time ; it is basically a problem of priorities . We confess , We have left undone those things that ought to have done ; and we have done those things which we ought not to have done . ” 
" Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies . " 
It is not important who you are underneath ... What is important are your actions ... That defines you as a person 
“Love is as much of an object as an obsession , everybody wants it everybody seeks it , but few ever achieve it , those who do , will cherish it , be lost in it , and among all , will never ... never forget it . ” 
Action not words , are the true criterion of the attachment of friends 
( George Washington ) 
My downfall raises me to infinite heights 
He who rejects change is the architect of decay . The only human institution which rejects progress is the cemetery . 
Every great dream begins with a dreamer . Always remember , you have within you the strength , the patience , and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world . 
Flatter me , and I may not believe you . Criticize me , and I may not like you . Ignore me , and I may not forgive you . Encourage me , and I will not forget you . Love me and I may be forced to love you . 
~ William Arthur Ward 
All the knowledge I possess everyone else can acquire , but my heart is all my own 
( Johann von Goethe ) 
Many are stubborn in pursuit of the path they have chosen , few in pursuit of the goal 
( Friedrich Nietzsche ) 
A weak mind does not accumulate force enough to hurt itself ; stupidity often saves a man from going mad 
Every generation laughs at the old fashions but religiously follows the new 
( Henry David Thoreau ) 
The fragrance of flowers spreads only in the direction of the wind . But the goodness of a person spreads in all direction 
( Chanakya ) 
If there is no struggle , there is no progress 
( Frederick Douglass ) 
The greatest noise is a silent scream 
Fear is not the absence of courage , yet the absence of courage is fear 
We make our fortunes and we call them fate 
( Benjamin Disraeli ) 
" A foolish man tells a woman to stop talking , but a wise man tells her that her mouth is extremely beautiful when her lips are closed” 
We are the definition of our own creations 
That makes us everything while being nothing 
We have everything without having anything 
Het komt heel vaak voor dat mensen je vragen hoe je bent , meestal heb je dan de neiging om enkele karakter eigenschappen op te noemen , maar als iemand mij zou vragen hoe ik ben , zou ik niet weten wat me meest opvallende karakter is , ik zou echt helemaal geen antwoord kunnen geven . Ik zou kunnen zeggen ik weet niet , ik zou kunnen vragen waarom wil je dat weten , ik zou kunnen zeggen moet je zelf uitvinden 
Haunted by the past 
Restricted by the future 
Bound by the present 
Don’t let the past negatively influence the future , by destroying the present 
Better than yesterday , not as good as tomorrow 
Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months 
( Oscar Wilde ) 
What am I suppose to do when the best part of me was always you ? 
And what am I supposed to say when I'm all choked up and you're okay ? 
Already broken , already gone 
Already know you're moving on 
I'm a breathing , talking 
Dead man , walking 
Already see it , in your face 
Already someone , in my place 
When you're forgiving but you can't forget 
Feels like you're drowning but you still got breath 
And we've been tryna lay this ghost to rest 
Oh but there ain't no getting out of this mess 
No there ain't no getting out 
There ain't no getting out 
There ain't no getting out of this mess 
No there ain't no getting out 
No there ain't no getting out of this mess 
Days like these , 
It's hard to breathe . 
I'm gonna take this moment that I'm in right now , 
Stop the craziness somehow . 
Leave it all behind me , 
I know it's gonna find me . 
I got nothing to win and I got nothing to lose , 
just trying to walk in my own two shoes 
Any time , any minute now 
We could fall , it could all crash down 
But I’m not gonna end it that way-ay-ay 
No Way 
Am I better off dead 
Am I better off a quitter 
They say I'm better off now 
Than I ever was with her 
When's the day you start again 
And when the hell does you'll get over it begin 
I'm looking hard in the mirror 
But I don't fit my skin 
It's too much to take 
It's too hard to break me 
From the cell I'm in 
Oh from this moment on 
I'm changing the way I feel yeah 
From this moment on 
It's time to get real 
Music starts playin ' like the end of a sad movie 
It's the kinda ending you don't really wanna see 
' Cause it's tragedy and it'll only bring you down 
Now I don't know what to be without you around 
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see 
( Mark Twain ) 
We can only lack inspiration in the absence of ambition 
Ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation 
( Kahlil Gibran ) 
Dont judge a book by its cover just read the summary :P 
Gravitation cannot be held responsible for people falling in love 
( Albert Einstein ) 
A woman's strength is the irresistible might of weakness 
( Ralph Waldo Emerson ) 
A population weakened and exhausted by battling against so many obstacles -- whose needs are never satisfied and desires never fulfilled -- is vulnerable to manipulation and regimentation . The struggle for survival is , above all , an exercise that is hugely time-consuming , absorbing and debilitating . If you create these '' anti-conditions , '' your rule is guaranteed for a hundred years 
( Ryszard Kapuscinski ) 
We shall draw from the heart of suffering itself the means of inspiration and survival 
( Winston Churchill ) 
fantasy is the reality of imagination which makes the impossible porbable 
Life is an endless ride , where we choose our own roads and our companionships , great companionships make the journey unforgettable and worthwhile , even if the road is a little bumpy . 
??? ?? ??? ??? ............ 
When a love comes to an end , weaklings cry , efficient ones instantly find another love , and the wise already have one in reserve 
A 15 year old girl holds hands with her 1 year old son . People call her a slut . N o-o ne knows she was raped at 13 . People call a girl fat . N o-o ne knows she has a serious disease which causes her to be overweight . People call an old man ugly . N o-o ne knows he had a serious injury to his face while fighting for his country in the war . Re-Post this if you are against bullying and stereotyping . 95% of u wont :( 
You and I walk a fragile line 
I have known it all this time 
But I never thought I'd live to see it break 
It's getting dark and its all too quiet 
And I can't trust anything now 
And its comin ' over you like its all a big mistake 
( Great lyrics ) 
He who has learned how to obey will know how to command 
" Solon " 
