Putting a typical stellar-mass black hole next to the earth would certainly destroy the planet but let's make it more interesting ! What if the earth were between two black holes ? With two black holes you'd have double the fun ! Bestest . 
got her weight up to 50 , finally , and donated blood for the first time ever ! 
Goodbye long hair ! 
is truly the Picasso of loneliness or that painting elephant of being awesome . 
Cosmos and a new hard disk , what else could a girl want for christmas ! <3 
? l ??? u ? u ? ll ?? s ?,? `ll ?? s ?,? ? nq ` ??? ld s ??? u ? ? p ?? o ? ? sn ? s ? d ?? s ?? u ??? ? 
sometimes orange water given bucket of plaster 
Got to love the smell of ammonia in the morning . 
I see . You can definitely notice when your sister is visiting you(r computer ) . 
pöö olen hamsuhamsteri kaikkien karvainen kaveri :) 
Riita kun luopuis luot ' ikivaltain , ihmisienkin , 
myös viha , viisaankin joka vimmata voi , makeampi 
kuin mesi suust ' alas soljuissaan , kons ' ihmisen rintaan 
syttyy , paisuen siell ' yhä niinkuin nouseva sauhu ! 
HRM . 
[######### ........ ] 
Hello darkness , my old friend . 
I love 64 ... I mean , 8 bits . 
One simple idea . 
33 oli kuin olikin loistava numero . Patrick Royn ja Flankerin hyvän karman turvin OSAKO : n edustajistoon ! 
New shirt and 37 rooms , it's been a good day ! 
Fierce guitar heroing with Turku-sister ! 
11.5 h school days are rewarding . Hai . 
if life is a game we play , then just play it . 
Microsoft WORD ! Write letterz ' n ' shit 
Nörttikerho paras kerho ! 
Learning elements . Today's theme : Iron . 
" Niina , oot hassu täti . Meikkaat ja laittaudut nätiksi , mutta teet silti kaikkia poikien juttuja . " -Eve-Helmi 6v 
Bacon-garlic snails , omnom . 
Time to view Orionids -- no , wait ... I hate you , clouds . 
@Tampere : IOP , rastit takana , hotelli hallussa . But it's not over yet ! 
" Näillä korjaat pr/hh/ra suhdetta : Bambunverso ( Fineli ) , määrä 3735g . " 
Eteläinen lumisota koet 
tu , kohta takaisin lämpimässä jääkarhujen valtakunnassa . Ensin kuitenkin vielä viisi tuntia kosmisen barbaarisia seikkailuja ! 
Today it seems to be a good day to Walk Like an Egyptian . And by that I mean flip cars over and set everything on fire . 
Turbo dreams while the sun's gone dim and the sky's turned black . 
10-6 
Bigfoot not as confident as might first seem . Most of time not know where am . People think Bigfoot master of woodland navigation . Move through darkness like velvet torpedo . Not true . Mostly just stumbling around smashing head into branches trying recognise where am but every fucking tree look the same . 
Behold the stars , they all burn . They'll all burn out . And we are dust . Dust , in timeless space . 
Institution applied to : University of Seoul , Republic of Korea . Departmental Coordinator has processed application : Approved . 
Käärmeennahan laittaminen odottavan vatsan päälle voi jonkinmoisen hämmingin vuoksi , minkä se aiheuttaa , vaikuttaa jotakin . 
An evening spent listening to stories is an evening well spent ! 
This time it's about Helsinki and the right kind of chemistry . ChemBio Finland , here I come ! 
Hrm . Nytpä tiedän miksi sitä on sairastellut niin paljon viime vuosina : ei ole täällä kaupungilla virpojat virponeet tuoreiksi ja terveiksi . 
All I need is some sunshine ! 
I just realised you could achieve amazing things by crossbreeding turritopsis nutricula , tardigrade and fire ant . It would most certainly produce biologically immortal extremophiles which self-assemble into waterproof rafts to survive floods ! 
Encapsulate the spirit of melancholy . Easy . Boom , a sad desk . Boom , sad wall . It's art . Anything is anything . 
Helsinki - Seoul - Helsinki 709e , pankkitili kiittää . 
Once upon a time there were 7 wonders . The Babylonian military defeated the Greeks but Alexandria was ultimately victorious . And everyone lived happily ever after . 
Universe_Sandbox_RIP-Unleashed . TPB . torrent 
