SUPER SQUEEEEEE ~~~~ !!!!! 
I love my Jason mask , if you can't tell what that is . I am really bored 
HI PEOPLE OF THE WORLD ! ERiCA IS HERE TO ASPIRE TOWARDS FUTURE WORLD DOMINATION !!! HAVE A NICE DAY ! 
Some little kids are really getting on my nerves right now . Normally I wouldn't mention their names , but I think we all know who it is . 
I want some potato salad . . . O R E Oooooo what's in the middle ? 
Is sad . 
Look at me , look at me , hands in the air like it's good to be alive . XD Lub you mommyyy :3 
needs to quit reading Death Note stories because her favorite character always dies . 
thinks that oatmeal tastes better before it's cooked . ( with water in it . . . . ) 
Simply LAHVS this weather , and hopes it stays like this for a while . Is SO ready for this 5 day weekend coming up . I must say ha ha to the peoples who don't go to school ;) 
I'm rare lyke Mr Clean WITH hair Phone Home ! ( Weezy ) We are not the same I am a martian ! 
Has a sudden burst of hyperactivity !!! WHEEE ! Can I go jump of the roof ? I wanna see iffff Iiii cannnn flyyyyyy . . . . I BELIEVE I CAN FLYYYY ! I BELIEVE I CAN TOUCH THE SKYYYY ! 
Feels really sorry for her friend . . . . Hopes she makes it to Monday and can still sit down . 
Is sad that tomorrow's monday XP 
It is too early . EVERYONE should be asleep right now . I think it should be a rule that no schools or works can start before 8 am . >.< 
&& GLUM ? 
is experiencing paranoia . 
is mad at these people/companies : Farnsely , JCPS , Obama , Viacom , and whoever originated the Pig Flu thing . Not that I have it . But I'm mad . Why ? BEcause I can be . 
I'm just that awesome . I'm in that AWESOMENESS mood . Cuz I'm just that awesome . I know right now there are people thinking ' Epic . Fail . ' Say- or rather , type it , and I'll personally hire assassins . ^-^ 
Party at my Yoville house at 8:00 pm till everyone leaves . lol seriously , i just got like an awesome black light be there or be . . . platitudness . 
&& GLEE ! 
My head hurts . Come to my yoville house at 8 because i feel like it lol gifts are niiiice . hint hint lol jk or am i ? 
SUPER SHROOM AWAY ! 
Is enjoying her so called fall break . Apparently , the 5 days we have off ( Friday , Staurday , Sunday , Monday , Tuesday ) is considered fall break here , while in E- Town it's until the 14th . T.T 
was surprised by how the temperature suddenl dropped . My head really hurts . . . -_-; 
Is ready to hiss at anyone . I will bite . : K 
" Help I'm Alive My Heart Keeps Beating Like A Hammer " ~ Help I'm Alive by Metric . . . Boreddddddddddddd 
Meh 
Still wants to jump off the roof . But my mom says no . //sigh////// 
I scared . Because Troy picked up his 3 remaining grapes mumbling something about precious . Then he starts kissing them . As a make the 0 . o face , he eatst them and starts laughing manically . 
I love all my wonderful friends ! You all know who you are : Ciera Tabitha , Nicole , Sabrina , Malasia , Miesha , Zack , ROBERT ( ha ha -poke-) , Cameron ( ha ha to you too , best friend ! ) , Courtney , Jack , Dylan and so many others ! Thank you all for being there . I am in a loving mood , if you can't tell . . . -gets free hug sign- 
Doesn't see why everyone loves Justan Bieber so much . I mean come on ! He sings like a girl ! So what if he's 15 , doesn't give him an excuse to sing like a chic . 
Already had a sister from another mister ( CiERA ! ) Now I have a brother from a brother mother xD ( AUGiE ! ) lmbo 
-mental facepalm- Embarressed myself big time today- twice ! Does karma have it out for me ? Geez ! 
playlist.com gave , me a popup from cursor mania , and i played with it for like 5 minutes because all of the mouse thingys followed my mouse around nd it was fun :3 
For my birthday- Starbucks . Nuff said . ^_^ 
Eatin oatmeal cookies . . . kudos to mom . XD >:D 
OMG listening to a 5 year old whine and whine and whine and whine non stop is enough to put you in a bad mood , no ? 
To my friend who has got Swine Flu- You had better get better cuz if soemthing happens , well . . . you can blame Dalen . 
About to get off , hope im in a better mood tomorrow 
I LOVE THIS COMPUTERRRRRRRRRR Had 74 notifications when i logged on today i would feel loved- but they were all applications 
just pwned ( lol ) at brawl with mr game and watch . 
<3 OliSkyes&AlexEvans They are tooooo awesome . Bored , wishes she was feeling better . Really wanted to go on the field trip . . . 
</3 Bye peoples ... 
been up for 20 minutes and my head already hurts . i hate to say this but monday cant come soon enough ! 
Browned pizza ... yum ... :/ lol 
Is thankful that her shoes did not catch on fire this morning :3 
Bow down , bow down , before the power of Santa , or be crushed , be crushed , by . . . . his jolly boots of doom ! 
Todays a good day- I got hugs and felt special . 
Would be REALLY appreciative if around 8:00 - 8:30 , you would call 571-9970 ( DJX ) and voted for Fireflies by Owl City for the top 5 at nine . If they make it , I know who to thank ! 
probably getting ready to go to bed .... had some kinda cough medicine .... apposed to make me sleepy lahv you all <3 
mah head hurts .... ima love the weekend but im also gonna miss my people ... see you guys monday ? 
ello lahvsssssss its fun talking britishhhh .... im boredd ..... i probably need to go pick out church clothes but i will soon =D goodbye lahvliessss ! 
I HAD A BROWNIE ! HI PEOPLE OF THE WORLDDDDDDDD ! =^-^= > 3 
you peoples are platitudness , like i stated this morning . I will now put an angry face : >:( ohhh he's angryyyy ! you better run ! 
Listening to Linkin Park ' In The End ' , such a great song . Trying to decide whether or not to tell a person something or to wait for my friend who offered to do it for me considering I'm chicken :( 
ehhhhh ..... good day ... internet embarrassment ? mhm idk 
even if sundays mean going back to school ( which can be interpreted as good or bad ) i still love sundays .... ILY besties !!! 
TGTIF !!!!! Tomorrow is reward day , which is good . The downside , is we miss the only 2 classes I somehwat like . Rather have L.A. and Social Studies than Science , Reading and MAth ... Sooooo hungry . :( 
Yay !!! My bestie/cousin/sister/frosta gets to come over tomorrow !!!! I'm so happy !!! 
Mad ..... I hated this day . 
Thinks it's funny how people can make Mii's of celeberties better than the celeberty could probably do themself . 
Today was a good day ^_^ 
Why do we sleep in church , but st ? y ? w ? ke through ? 3 hour movie ? Why is it so h ? rd to t ? lk to God , but so e ? sy to gossip ? Why is it so e ? sy to ignore ? Godly text mess ? ge , but re-send the n ? sty ones ? Are you going to post this on your st ? tus or ignore it ? Jesus s ? id " If you deny me in front of your friends , I will deny you in front of my f ? ther . " If you love Jesus post this on your wall 
saddddddd ... but whatev :/ 
eeaaaaauuuurrrrrrgggg that is hard 
mehhhh ..... to school ... hoping ciera can spend the night this weekend ??? 
bout to go to bed .... ima dream about the fact that OK is a little stick figure !!! XO hope tomorrow goes well ..... :) 
Just when I thought they were finally getting me ... 
Mehhhhhhhh I have to go ... I lahv you guys ... wish me luck clearing off my bed >.< 
Had fun at Aunt Rita's today . The whole Balloon War thing was awesome . 
Happy as can beeeeee why am i so happy ? several reasons lol for one ciera's over , for 2 .... lol nvm xD 
Going to church ! 
Life goes on . 
Is doing some serious consideration on her halloween contume . TRight now I'm think of either the cloak and the jason mask , of the cloak and some halloween makeup done by yours truly . Ever think I could be a makeup artist ? heh heh heh . . . :) 
Stayed home- sore throat and coughed all night . . . barely got any sleep . . . =_= Probably going to take a nap today . 
Had some big red ..... even though it was all diet-ified , I still find myself in an oddly W000 mood xD Me and my baby brother are screaming " WHOOO ! " its awesome :) 
New super mario ??? niiice ! 
At least today started out good ... :( 
Is learning going to try to learn japanese at livemocha.com wish me luck 
was a very nice person by playing barbies with my brother , sister and cousin ... It was kinda weird ... 
Is rare lyke Mr. Clean with hair 
Happy thanksgiving !!!! I haven't been on in ... a week because of groundament ..... <- lol anyways , i had waaaayyy too many requests ( especially farmville ! ) >.< 
wishes she was still asleep :( 
Know how most people have their own signature smiley ? I have mine now . . . >:D But it looks better when you draw it . 
WHOAAA !!! EVERYTHING IS AL HUGE-i-MA-FiED !!! I just pressed ctrl + an ish alll ... whoosh ! ish huuuge ! 
cieras over ! yeeaaaaahhhhyyy ! 
loves the song " in the end " by linkin park 
Wonders if anyone else has heard of brokencyde and cute is what we aim for besides me and ciera and sabrina , and if so , do they know where i can find cds ? 
i dreamed i was missing , and you were so scared . but no one would listen , cuz no one else cared . after my dreaming , i woke with this fear ... what am i leaving , when im done here ? gahh ..... confused . 
W00t W00t ! FLAVORED TOOTSIE ROLLS OWN EVERYONE WHO READS THIS !!! AND THOSE WHO DON'T!!! BRING ON THE HYPERACTIVITY ! W00000000 ! 
everything that's going on right now needs to hurry up and blow over . everything was so good for a while and then it all started falling down 
Ciera- sorry bout the picture , i had to crop it b/c it looked like i was you xD ciera's most like coming over tomorrow ! yayness ! 
Thinking about people ... bah , my tummy hurts :( Also wants someone to get on :) 
noticed recently that when her friends are depressed , she is too ... 
Is very very very happy ..... I found people I haven't talked to in forever , from E-Town 
Just keep swimming ;) 
Is on a quest to join as many groups with awesome themes as possible ! 
Tomorrow's gonna be akward , but Ima still try and love every bit of it . 
hates when people don't know when to quit , and also yell at me with no reason ..... -_- 3 
* face palm * 
Haha , was in a really bad mood around lunchtime but its amazing how one person can raise your mood considerable . thanks xxxxxxx :) 
Actually had my daily helping of cookies . And guess who's paying for it ? Not me . You . >:D NORWAY !!!!! Me & nd Ciera gave away the hair-tastic award ( rotfl ) to 5 dudes .... The people who got it should feel special . ^_^ 
thinks its a goood idea to poke everyone on my friend list =^-^= 
Wearing my spiffy black hat ... it's awesome ;D 
Want to see my playlist ? I think it''s work if you go to my profile , then click on the tab at the top that says ' my stuff ' that's all , kiddies ! 
Wondering about someone ... questions and answers dont always come together , do they ? Wow , I have a lot of explaining to do tomorrow ... 
im in a fairly good mood ... :) 
got all excited cuz i had an email thought it was from someone else but it was a notification ... had 411 email from facebook 
TDA comes on tonight ! Season finally ! DUNCAN FTW ! 
WILL BE COMPLETLY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS ... you can ask me one question ( ONLY IN MY INBOX ) . Any question , no matter how crazy , sinister or how wrong it is . You have my full Honesty , but I DARE you to put this text on your status and see what question you get !! seriously ! copy and paste and put on your status ..... Im ready for the questions * :) 
Finals are Thursday and Friday .... not looking forward to them ... but who would ? 
Facebook says you can't be married to someone who's not your friend on facebook ..... :( 
Listening to Achmed's version of jingle bells lol 
Was listening to music and a loud song came up .... I turned it down , but it only got louder . It took me a minute to realize I was turning the volume switch the wrong way .... 
GAAAAHHHH !!! WHY MUST THEY KEEP US IN SUSPENSE LIKE THIS ???? DUNCAN FTW !!! 
went GAAAAHHHH when she found out her favorite pair of pajama pants has a hole in them .... :'( 
Song of teh day : Lips of an Angel by Hinder ... Look it up if you haven't heard it already . 
What's inside of a glow stick anyways ? 
As hapy as can beee ?? 
I really hate when people lie . I wish people would just get if they tell me the truth first off , I won't be as mad as I will if I find out you're lying . Yes , even little lies are a big deal to me . 
Off to quizilla 
Alright , I've had enough . I'm going to my happy place called Mushroom Ville . It's much nicer than here and the only drama is when someone falls off a Mushroom >.< 
START AT THE BOTTOM (: ????? ? q p ? u ? o ? o ? ? sn ? no ? su ??? ????? s ??? p ??? o ? p ??? ? no ? ? u ????? ?? q ? qo ? d ??, no ? 
" im-ing is for snow people =^-^=" Yes , i admit it , ima snow person 
got back from church ... today was a good day ciera /was/ over .... we had cookies , she chased me as I took off with her straightener .... xD 
They may want to take Christ out of Christmas , but they can never take Christ out of me . If you are proud to be a Christian and are not ashamed of Christ then post this to your status for 1 day as a light to the world . Most people will be too ashamed or scared to do it . God Bless those of you who can do it 
OMG i am so bored somebody im me or something D: please ? see ive resorted to begging ! help me !! 0.0 
is looking forward to sleeping in tomorrow :] and talking to my besties . surprisingly , im also loking forward to when we go back to school ... ONLY because of my friends ;] 
? thats apposed ta be a smile ... we all need one sometimes :) 
my daddy just wiped out on stonestreet ... my mom says hes ok , and he got realy lucky ... something in our car is broke ... which ive been saying for a while now ?? 
&& everythings ok 
I hate it when people fight ... thoughtthoughtthoughtidk 
Is in a Linkin Park-ish mood right now . That simply means I'm wanting to listen to Linkin Park- but that wasnt too hard to figure out . Heard they broke up ! Is it true ? ... I hope not :( 
bout to go to the church play " an 1882 christmas " not sure how everythingll work out but il try my best , at least ... break a leg ! jk 
" everyones a let down it just deepens on how far down they can go " Newport Living ~ By Cute Is What We Aim For 
" Blop " <- haha .... almost christmas break ~ ! in a way im ready for it , but in a way im not ... :/ 
Ok , I /HATE/ one word replies >.< 
Had a great thanks giving over at my granmas house .... although there were ... a lot of people and i felt all claustrophobic .... 0.0 ; 
La la la ... didnt go to school today ... my bunny got out today , when i woke up he was just sitting outside my door so i thought he'd be easy to catch ... wrong . must have looped around the basement about 6 or 7 times >.< lol 
ciera just went home , i hope she can come back over soon lol she went all hyper on aunt becky lol 
feels like talking in 3rd person for the rest of the day . Erica wonders if it's possible to talk in 4th person .... 
the rooms are clean :) now im listening to ' i dont care ' by apocolyptica haha might use the phone in a few ... :] 
b , nvmmmmmmmm hn 77y6u8ijk8k 76yym jkbvnu8i g jmnuh f4deuhjbm djk , mn 76yyyyy h ~ what happens when you take turns laying your head on a keyboard :) 
helping clean rhiannon's room .... xp im doing a simply wonderful job ... ( really i am ! ) haha 
just got back from aunt jerry's :) fun fun fun . lahved it . we had a very competitive game of white elephant this year lol ( picturescomingsoon ) 
is obsessivly compulsivly checking to seewhos on facebook right now ( like every 30 seconds ? ) haha 
listening to " you're gonna go far kid " by the offspring .... one of the best songs ever :) 
bout ta go take a shower to get all of these sparkles off lol 
Is about to eat din din .... :3 dont start a conversation with a crazy person about whether taxi's are cars , or whether bunnies are ducks goats or dogs with hats in disguise 0.0 
it's snowing ! 
watching bridge to terabithia ... such a sad movie D ' : 
We're gonna be busy for the next few days ... It'll be fun , though ... Hm . I miss everyone ... What have you all been doing over the break ? 
bout ta go somewhere . erica is still talking in 3rd persn . erica still wonders if theres a such thing as 4th person . erica hopes there is . 
ra ra ah ah ah ... roma ro ma ma ga ga oo la la ... haha lahv lahv lahv i want yoar lahv 
At my aunt Shannon's house ... had a hilarious conversation with cleverbot.com 
And she will be loved , she will be loved ? ~ Maroon 5 
Doing some thinking ... we all know hw that'll turn out . lol 
Listening to Over My Head ( Cable Car ) by the Fray . I used to hate that song , but I love it now :) " everyone knows im in over my head , over my head ... " 
\????\?= (•??)= ? / ???? /' ? ' ? ? norway ! 
Erii should be my new name on facebook .... yes , I should change my name . The more I TYPE it , the more I love it ... Erii Erii Erii .... Ok , maybe that was too much . But I still lahv it . 
OMG is it true ??? I heard Jimmy " The Rev " Sullivan from Avenged Sevenfold is dead ??? It's all over google .... they said he was found dead in his house yesterday ... :( 
Just found out that January 21st is National Hug Day . My calender said so ! If you don't believe me , I'll take a picture and show you ! XD 
BOUNCE !!! pogopogopogopogopogopogopogopogopogopogopogopogopogoUp ! lol spending spending time with my baby brother :) barely get my science homework ... balancing stupid equations >.< if anyone gets it , kindly tell me how you get it ? 
Don't fret . Queen Shroom is here . The mushrooms can't hurt you now because I'm here . I Own mushrooms ... but mushroooms own you . So do sharpies . This could be fun . 
hahahahaha its ciera !! :D 
bout to go to chruch .... say bye to Queen Shroom ! Oh , by the way I have put myself in charge of all the mushrooms in the world . >:D ~ Erii ( AKA Queen Shroom ) 
merry christmas everyone ! lol thanks mom , dad , nana , and pepaw ... i got a digital camera and a straightener : 0 :D 
my bunny attacked my hand as i was putting carrots in his cage ! how rude ! >:O 
Isbeing interrogated- please tell my mother to quit probing my head . 
Mehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh >_< 
Kinda disappointed : / 
just poked everyone on my friend list ... it took forever , but itll be worth it xD haha , i have no life 
POKE WARS !!!! :D 
my head hurts ... for some reason im in a fairly bad mood ._. 
Darn . All the coke and skittles are gone -_-;; 
hot chocolate and krispy kream for breakfast =D field trip tomorrow that i cant go to ..., then there's a dance after school i hope i can go toooo ( please ? ) then on friday , ciera is hopefully coming over and we can go to the youth scavenger hunt :) 
Ish vury vury happeh . Song of the day ? Look it up- Question by System of a Down . :) Partially because it's an awesome song , partially because it's stuck in mi head :] 
Bad mood .... could it possible school tomorrow ? 
100 franz ! I feel so loved ! 
??? I love that face ! ( got it from Near ) 
&& Theonlyonewhocanmakemelostforwords ? 
Ciera Nunez ... Let's go to the mall you know they have it all ! Hahaha ... Scotty Vanity Owns XD 
Wondering ... ( Yes , it's Death Note again ... my obsession may be unhealthy :]) What if Kira was real , as in the real world ? This would be a really crazy world . 0.0 Just imagine- Shinigamis , L ... all the awesome characters .... -dreams- :D 
My hair is up ( kinda ) like Misa's , and dressed like L ( I did a god job on that ) ... What a strange combination haha . 
Who would win in a fight ? Patrick Star or Mario ? 
ciera had to go home :( but now im listening to brokencyde ( bReE BrEe ) prolly bout to go look up some new songs ... any suggestions ? 
OMG MY MOM DOESN'T LIKE FRED !!! D: HOW COULD YOU MOM ?! FRED owns almost everything . Even though mushrooms are better . But mushrooms don't own me . I'm Queen Shroom (: D <- See the mushroom there ? 
Hi . My keyboard is being stolen , so Ima go eat some Ramen . Bye . 
Bendaroos are fun XD Aaaand so is wii fit . In which I fail at -> Or look stupid trying not too ;) ( Video of that later ... maybe ) 
almost died in 3rd period o.o 
hopes what they are saying inst true ... 
chowderrrr is on .... lol happy christmas eve ( took me 4 times to type that witout any typos lol ) going to my aunts later on today then after that church , then my grandmas house :] Fun fun fun >:D 
:) Who knows what tomorrow brings ? 
Today was a good day :) BTW- got my grades back- and they are up ! 
Purple Oatmeal ??? XD 
I have the best DAD in the world !!! >_< 
95% of teens would cry if they saw the Justin Bieber at the top of a skyscraper about to jump . Copy and paste this if you are part of the 5% that would sit there with popcorn and a camera and yell " DO A FLIP " =) 
5 ..... $5 ..... $5 footloooong XD 
Thinks that Kingdom Hearts should take out the Disney characters , but keep the ones from Final Fantasy -> The Disney is cute but it kinda ruins it in some areas , doesnt it ? 
F is for fire that burns down the whole town U is for uranium ... bombs N is for no survivors .. when you're-- -PLANKTON ! 
Yea i'M cRaZy but that just means you'll NeVeR fOrGeT mE . I can be NiCe and I can be MeAn , just depends on how you are to me . I will never fit under AnY StErEoTyPe , no matter what people say . Those who know me know I'm fAr FrOm AvErAgE . My friends are ThA bOmB , we're there for each other nO mAtTeR wHaT . Heck , we're basically iNsEpErAbLe . LoVe Me Or HaTe Me , I rEaLlY wOn'T cArE . 
Tired of people trying to start stuff . And if it's you- you really need to leave me and my friends alone . You know who you are :/ 
Is playing Mario Kart :) 
I suggest you ignore statuses that seem unlike me >.< 
Meh-ish mood 
Bed ..................................................................... :o 
I walk the lonely road , the only road that I have ever known . Don't know where it goes , but it's only me and I walk alone . 
Let the leaves fall off in the summer// And let December glow in flames 
>_< 
is very very cold o.o ;; 
i feel sad for some reason ? o.o idk why ? 
We can unfourtunatly only hope UofL wins tomorrow . If UK wins it'll be a fail , and it won't even be epic . UofL FTW lol 
Spending the new year at my aunt's with my grandparents , 2 youngest cousins , and family friend ( I think that's all the people ) D'aww ... I haven't thought of a new years resolution yet .... At least a serious one . Ok here it is " Don ' be as serious all the time " :) 
im happy :) 
I hope your stepson doesn't eat the fish . <>< 
I saw this quote earlier , and I love it . Thought I'd share it with you all .... One day your life will flash before your eyes . Make sure it's worth watching " Don't know who originally said it , though . 
Erm . Tomorrow is ... hours away . So ... what's agonna happen ? I'm curious . It's always something new , isn't it ? Seems like all the Drama is over , it's only a matter of time before there's more . I've learned that from 7th grade :/ 
What I said about people earlier remains true . I wishpeople would get the clue that I'm getting annoyed and back off . 
Hmmm ? Lol ... might be able to have people over soon . Depends --> >.< 
Is annoyed . I'm getting off of facebook before I get even more annoyed >.< 
Why am I listening to Hawthorne Heights and Tokio Hotel ? Thank you Tabitha .... >.< 
OMG I HAVE A KEY !!! :o 
Isn't sure what to say anymore :/ 
Has been outside for about an hour or so ..... I can't feel mi toes ! 
Queen Shroom has to go to bed ... :( 
Is having a lot of fun scaring my mum about going underwater :) Going to church and is gonna get a video of my parents getting baptized ( and posssibly sent it to America's Funniest Home Videos ! ) XD 
Please pray for my Grandparents- that my Grandfather will be healed of his cancer , and that my grandma will keep her strength to take care of him ... Thank you :) 
going to church !! My mom is going for choir practice ... and hopefully I won't be forced to sing ...? u.u 
Got my new MP3 player , and some songs from Walmart.com . Life is good :) 
night peoples of facebook .... 
Listening to Sad Statues by System of a Down ... Typed and edited a story in process earlier . Although I'm not sure where I'm going with it exactly ... I need some new ideas -> I have a slight case of writers block >.< 
People , people , people . >.< Jeez . So confusing . 
Meh . School tomorrow ... making the most of computer time today :D 
Eaaauuurrgg ..... School tomorrow . In a way I want to go ( My friends- the ONLY reason . You know I must love them then XD ) And In a way I don't . >.< 
I karate chopped a birdbath in an elevator because that's how I roll . XD 
WHAT'S UP , PEOPLE ?! ( Death Note again- stop reading if you're annoyed :]) Me and my friend were talking bout if Death Note charries came to our school . She said B.B. Would be awesome and all , but she likes strawberry Jam . I told her too bad because he deserves all the Jame he wants XD 
I got my brother to say bubbles , now I'm working on Mushroom :3 
Me and Ciera are going for Twins day on ( was it tuesday ? XD ) Just hope I can find my ' drive cancer out!' shirt ... wish me luck o.o ; 
GAH ! I keep accidentally turning off th e internet !! >_< 
is vury hungry u.u 
Cookez n Meelk n.n Yum . 
Waiting for my songs to download from walmart ... 8/41 .... >.< ( imabehereforeverarentI ? ) 
Cuz I ! Don't! Care what you think as long as it's abouuuut me :) The best of us can find happiness ! In MIiiiIIiiiIiisery . 
aaaallllll bbbbbeeetttteerr :D ala woo ooo lemon . no longer looks . like lemon :) 
Funny , weird day . Nevertheless it's awesome XD 
Your chances of being Kira are now 6% . ( mp3stuffisalmostdone !!! ) 
Looking like a fool with your pants on the ground ! XD 
>.< I think I could say /all/ people have got on my nerves at one point or another 
Is going to Pluto next weekend ! Too bad I can't go today . I can only hope people calm down by NEXT weekend . If not , Pluto it is . Sorry , I'm not taking anyone wif me :) 
Listening to Panic ! At The Disco :D 
Has Isaiah singing part of " Poker Face " >:D 
so bored ............................................................................. sighhhhhh 
is not 15 ? 
`My mom is afraid of water- and she's getting baptized tomorrow ! XD I'm sitting here like ... rotfl She's agonna drown the pastor . But srsly . congratz mom and dad :) 
Once again , they've left me wondering what's true and what's not . Deja Vu ... 
todays gonna be a good day ! =D maybe tomorrow too .... had fun trick or treating yesterday , even though i stepped in a puddle and froze .... lol 
I miss Tanglewood ... not neccesarily the apartments , but what happened there . People were younger and I got to see almost everyone on a daily basis . I remember me and Brittany running up and down the hallways pushing a wheelchair . Fun times :D 
likes hugs ! :D 
SPiders are very bad for your throat , especially when they are running ful speed to you and it's huge . Yeah , I screamed . I screamed especially loud when I was being chased around with the dead body .... 
Birthdays are good for you . Statistics show that those who have the most live the longest . 
I'm not really sure what's going on with certain people , but they confuse me ... and I'm bored ... someone needs to call me :3 ( CieraZackTabiifa ? ) 
Ehhh .... :( 
<3 OLi SYKES !!!! 
the chat box needs to come back ... i cant stand not being able to see whos on ..... @_@ 
morning kiddies (<- I just lahv that word [ im talkin in a british accent lol ]) most likely going to church today ! yay ! :D 
Yay ! Mah best franz are coming over today ! Ish gonaa be fun , and all ... woooo ! bc im getting cookezz !! :D 
People are so fun now , aren't they ? They act like they're all that then .... ugh . Going to bed now ..... Cii and Tabii coming over soon ! 
night peoples 
ciera's over so i ( we ) are happy !!! >:D 
hopes ciera can come over tomorrow --- excited for the 4 day weekend !!! Wooo ! 
I love you- english Daisuki- Japanese Te Amor- Spanish Rawr- Dinosaur Ich Liebe Dich- German ( I think ? ) ( Al of theres are I love you in case you aren't so smart ... ) 
Bob loves cows ! ... I wish I knew someone named bob ... 
Going to church today :) 
sitting here wif tabifa and ciera .... say hi tabifa ! " hi " ..... might go to manslick later , ( look for me in highlighter skinny jeans ! ) anyone else thinking about going ? 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes !! Love you guys , you made me feel lahved !! 
sitting here with ciera going to church soon :) 
" Yellow " By coldplay ... weird song . Yea , I don't get it ... Do I want to ? o.O 
ku ? n kinoko koko ni ari ? 
Cii and Tabii coming over tomorrow !! Can't wait ! 
happy 3/03 day :/ Im listening to songs in almost alice ... 
just watched invader zim !! :D 
fingers like snakes and spiders in my hair ! 
The heaviest weight dangled from a swallowed sword is 25 kg ( 55 lb 1 oz ) and was achieved by Thomas Blackthorne ( UK ) on the set of Lo Show Dei Record , in Italy , on 19 April 2009 . 
Waiting for mi ramen noodle in a cup to cook ... who says you need boiling water ? all i need is a sink :) 
what's your opinion of slipknot videos ? most freak me out bc of the masks , yet they're kinda cool .. but really . the masks scare me . -.- 
facebook is very distracting !! 
is taking her frustration out on food . at school , i visciously stabbed my potato ... at home , i forced 2 quarts of noodles into a cereal bowl while ripping them in half ... Then , I stabbed it . yea , im kinda frustrated . >.< ## 
dang it ... tabifa got dont jump stuck in my head . and now i like it ! :o the AGONY ! ( tokiohotelsleadsingerisagirldisguisedasaboy :) ) 
" If you don't laugh with people , they're just going to laugh at you " ~ Kuin Kinoko 
Imma be , Imma be ... stuck in mah head >.< Thanks , Cii ... Can't wait till Friday ! 
rawr ... im a taco ... :p 
o follow me down , I'll show you around ... there's a place we gotta go ! 
tabifa is almost here , then were gonna eat the cookezz and go to the mall ... either oxmoor or jefferson ? 
hates how people think they can fit me into a stereotpye just because of what i do , what i lok like and what kind of music i listen to , when in truth they really dont even know me . im especially tired of the 3 letter e-word ... i know what ive said n the past , but peple can change 
Some People Some People Some People call it insane ! Starting to like school again . Teachers are ok , and I know I have friends who would be there no matter what . 
mwah . haha . hahaha . very weird day ... o.O 
bout to go eat breakfast and perhaps go out somewhere ? :) i fixed my belt ....! >:D 
Went to home depot and found 162 ways to die ... and i didnt even go through the whole store :o 
Alawoo oooo !!!! 1 !! 1 ! 1111 Lahv you mum and dad !! 
santas coming soon ! :D lol 
I LOVE HOT TOPIC !!!! 
bout to work on my story ... im kinda rewriting it . :) wish me luck ! my original was 30 cpu pages , i want it to be longer lol 
is so angry ! my bunny bit a hole through my new gir shirt !! >.< 
aaaand my head still hurts bu im not in as much of a bad mood , which is good for all , huh ? 
epic poking wars !!! ( but this post is a failure in itself ) 
IS VURY HUNGRY :(((( Seems like someone is avoiding me a bit ? 
Kinda ticked off now . I mean , really now , come on people . Stereotypes ? I suppose they would be ok if you could call someone that after really getting to know them but I hate when people judge other people based on how they look or their type of music . Seriously , there's more to people than looks and music preferance . 
just watched aly on the news !! 
today was ... interesting .... o.O ;; 
im sick of everyone telling me things about him . i dont know whats true and whats not , but if youre trying to break us up then you can go fall out of a tree . if its true , ill figure it out myself . leave me /alone/ 
(^.^) 
bored , not feeling good ........ 
I had . Expresso Chocolate . And it twas Yumeh . But I want more . But I can't have more . It's from Seattle . And Seattle is far away . And it costs $3 a bar . But it's so yummy . I tink I'm hyper-ish . I keep randomly laughing ... teheee ..... ^_^ 
//Down , set , one , hut , hut , hike// //Media blitz//// //Let's hear it for America's suitehearts 
is vuryvuryvury hungry . baked spaghetti sounds aweomse ..... yeah ! 
Video for slipknot " spit it out " ( not the live one- the parody to the shining ) freaks me out ( mainly the masks ) ... look up the video !! does it freak you out ?? ( yes you ! ) 
Charlie you lok quite down with your big fat eyes and your big fat frown , the world doesn't have to be so graaaay ... Charlie when you're lifes a mess when youre feeling gloom woe is in distress ... I know what can wash that sad away .... 
Matt Jeevas died a much worse Death than Mello ..... :( And It was Mello's fault that happened , too ! I watched several Matt tributes and now I'm all sad ! ( especially after seeing his death ... :( -_-; ) Poor Matt- My favorite charrie ever :D This is my little tribute to Mail Jeevas 
I try to help but as always no one ever listens to what I have ti say , And no , I don't think I'll ever understand what's going on but it seems like you're letting him walk in and out of your life . I do however , understand that must be teraring you apart . 
Iiiiii llluuuurrrvvvvveeeee yyyooouuuu gguuyyyss !!!! <3 
from Purple oatmeal to gingerbread coffee .... xp XD Hilarious ! 
Is wearing normal colored socks today :( 
EYELINER IS SPIFFY !! I wanna do your makeup ... when you wakeup ... come on ovr ... I'll make you over ... You'll be a total hottie with a makeover from Scotty XD Awesome song XD 
Dance , send me O's , Japan eat a hand , yours only yours I'm not afraid of dance dance . You smell like .. Misa in the club sayin " Let me in now for Caramel Dansen " - Caramel Dansen Misheard Lyrics .. Actually makes a bt of sense XD 
And now another pointless status update ! ... Please don't hit me with the syrup !! :o 
My borther is scared of a Japanese song ? o . 0 
Feliz Cinco De Mayo- The 5th Day of Mayonnaise :) 
BAHHHHH . School tomorrow ... * cries * The few people who actually make me /want/ to come to school should feel special , because otherwise Im ready for it to be over :( 
Japanese Hornets ... Hm . Maybe I dont want to go to Japan , considering they can be 3 in long , and spit venom that melts skin . 0.0 
YOU SLEPT LIKE A BUNNY . ( Camp tomorrow !!!!! ) 
I'll take character over reputation any day ... your character is what you really are , while your reputation is merely what others think you are . ( gotta love these deep statuses ! ) 
So here I go again , chasing you down again . Why do I do this ? Over and over , I fall for you ... over and over , over and over ... you don't even try . 
Smells nice ' cos ( bristish word !! ) I just got out of the shower ... =) 
Fish are friends , not food . (???) 
So , Me and Lorrii Carawayy traded shoes . My new ones are purple , and her new ones are blue or red ! :D 
Meet me in outerspace ? 
:{( sad man with a mustache ? 
my mother is my best friend :)) 
Everyone is saying that / who they like ! I wont put who ( I should think it's obvious ) lol but yea XD Im included now !! 
I DON'T HAVE ANGER ISSUES !!!!!!!!!!!!!! >.< # 
watched National Treasure //2\\ 
Omg . I think I lost my silver sharpie :( 
somebody get on yoville with me :D 
Sunday- I have to wear a dress . I have to WEAR A DRESS . I HAVE TO WEAR A DRESS !!! ... -_- Peoples are gonna be shocked , no ? Oh well .... Its kinda pretty :) 
Has purple lipstick all over muhh face >:D 
So Im listening to the same song over and over again . Why ? Apparently I want it stuck in my head even longer . Plus , I have no life . Love y'all ...... <3 ( funny word :}) 
" well they encourage your complete cooperation ... send ya roses when they think ya need to smile ... " anyone want t guess what that song is ? you win a prize :) 
The sky . It went from .. Green , to yellow , to pink , to red , to purple . I asked when it would be blue . It turned blue . I need to take a nap -_-;; I predict neon yellow next :) 
h4h4h4h4 g37 pwn3d n00bz !! ! 741K $0 fr34k ! 5l !!!! 4w350m3 7h47 j00r $$00000 f4 ! 174$7 ! c && j00r $vch 4 pwn3d n00b !!! :) ( anyone know what I said ?? ) 
Anybody play Yoville and would like to be neighbors ? I need more ... 
Happy Easter everyone !! I . Am . All . Dressed . Up . OMG . Pictures come later , I guess XD 
about to put a video of the bunny I found on mario 64 up !! :D 
QOTD !! " We could take on the olympics !! " Haha ? 
NEVER make me laughing while Im eating or drinking ! Lol !! 
Waldo the pumpkin needs a daddy . Any takers ? XD 
99 things to do on an elevator : Talk in to your cell phone as you enter on the ground floor press floor 5 
and when the door closes , in a shock voice say “what do you me theres a 
gun man on the fifth floor ? 
Bout to go play " death " ( Lol ) at a church program at New Cut Baptist Church at 7:00 Anyone want to come ? Ill be wearing a black cloak so you cant so me and carrying a candle snuffer outter . Plus , as an added bonus , there will be fog XD 
thinks the word " stressed " looks better spelt backwards . 
6 more days !! Better get packin ! 
Rawr . 
You and me we'll all go down in history , with the sad statue of liberty and a generation that didnt agree 
Went to church then got to go out to eat with my lurvley grandparents . I love days when Pepaw feels good :) 
OMG my belt smells like the shoe section of walmart :) 
Just watched National Treasure :) 
Pictures coming soon :) Paula Kelly Zweydoff , you are SOOO getting tagged !! 
Is hopefully about to got take a fizzay bubbel baf .... :3 doesnt feel good :( 
//AMERiCA'S SUiTEHEARTS\\ ({[ OVERANDOVER ]}) ~.~ LOST ~.~ FTW . Best . Songs . Evvarrrrrr . For now . ( Another pointless status brought to you by eriiii ) >:D 
Oli sykes/alex evans fan girl !! <3 ( Sabrina Goode ... you know justin bieber is a fail :) ] 
Would rather not be awake right now -_- 
Wanst to take a nap before I go back to church ... -_- zzzzz haha 
my dad is the most awesomes !!!!!! 
Anyone know where I can find red bean paste ? :D You'l get a piece of rice cake if you get me that and some other stuff ..... ;D 
sherrrryyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy , sherry baaaaaabbbyyyyyyy !! >.< Gah . Stupid radio got that stuck in my head b/c of some kinda musical ...! anyone want to be siblings ? 
making a totally random movie maker thing .. it starts on saying " YOU ! " :D stalkerrrr 
Stop the hate/Congradulate/You know my name/So eat some cake :) 
Just got back from church , and thankfully out of the dress , back in my shorts :) 
Ramen Noodles and Sunkist . LOVE !!! <3 
Panic at the disco for the win !! <3 
Is bored ... anyone want to talk ? I almost choked on pinapple upside down cake ...! :o 
Does anyone roleplay ...? 
very weird day XD 
What is a Juggaloww ? OMG Jacob Wells I cant belive Im starting to like that scary band . They freak me out more than Slipknot maskssss . But , Im starting to like them . Oh no . 
fb chat isnt working !!! >.< 
FINALLY HAS A NEW SILVER SHARPIE !! Now , am I going to fail , or can I get a bunch of people to like this status ? 
Well . I hated today . 
No longer on Pandora . Now I'm useing Mixpod . Geeeeeeeeeez . I wish playlist was back to normal lol 
Silence , my voice , I've got no choice ... " 
Thats when she said I dont hate you but I just want to save you while there's still something left to save That's when I told her I love you girl but Im not the answer to the questions that you still have ... " 
About to watch Passion Of The Christ with my parents . 
Going to New Cut Baptist Church ! My grandma and my sister are singing todayy . Y'all should come :D I WILL NOT wear * pink * xp 
Hass bluee nailss ! :o 
TEAM BACON , Paula Kelly Zweydoff , you are an outcast with you're petty sausage links !! The otters will claim vengeance !! 
You're only as tall as your heart will let you be (: 
Ok , I ' d Say Colette Carr is crazier than Ke$ha , Katy Parry , AND Lady Gaga o.o 
Back It Up is a cool song , though XD 
Going to teh church easter eygggg hunt . I is dawnang an alias ... Bob Bobson who is 10 yeaaarss old . Then I can hunt for eggs , too and get all teh candehhhh !!!! 
Here we go again ,. I kinda wanna be more than friends ... <3 
Back from missouri ! throughout my week there , Ive collected 35 packs of sugar . Im about to celebrate with an amp , but y'all ( lol ) can celebrate with me tomorrow ! ( free sugar !! ) 
You dont care about how I feel ... 
sssshhhheeeee'''sss bbbaaacckkkkkkkkkkkk !! 
My parents wont let me eat ramen :( But I want to go to the concert really baddd . 
I don't wanna be left out :D Send me a # ! 
tttaaacccooo bbbbeellll :)) 
Tomorrow is going to be horrible .... :( 
I CANT GET AWAY !!! >.< # 
First homework assighment of the year ; I have to make a movie about Nintendo , for Nintendo ;s upcoming anniversary on the 23 of Sep . Would you believe they originally started in /1889/ making playing cards ? 
Chelsey Chapman , Guess what ? Cleverbot says s/he's a vegetarian !! :o How do computers eat ? 
" In a sitch like this you've gotta think , and I dont think you think about the way he thinks . And I know you live life for yourself , but it all comes back to the way you help " What is Love ? 
A WEEK !! :D 7 days until camp !! ´ ?? Do you like my smiley ? 
Is in love with ebay ? _ ? 
Wants to buy some posters .... And 90% of the posters at walmart are twilight themed . Like , band of game posters ....? 
" Why do I do this ? Over and OVewr , over and over , I fall for you you .. over and over and over , I try not too .... " MeaninFUL song of the day . Maybe 3 people know who ? Lol 
Everyone calls me a stalker :( .... I'm not a stalker ... Oh , by the way you need milk . 
No mouthwash :( 
A new favorite song every day ? Wow !! <3 Anyone want to talk ? 
Wrongness o . 0 
I'll show you a sweet dream ... ? 
( ILoveSongLyrics ;D ) 
New Profile Picture <3 Its cute :) 
Is happier than shes been all weekend :) 
" cause theres holes in the floor of heaven 
and [ his ] tears are pouring down , 
that's how you know [ he]'s watching , 
wishing [ he ] could be here now , 
and sometimes if your lonely , 
just remember he can see , 
there's holes in the floor of heaven , 
and he's watching over you and me " 
In OTHER >.< news , during the summer , Im doing to try to stay awake for a very long time :) The world record is 18 days and 21 hours :) 
FINALLY gets to make my ramen !!! :D 
This week has been sufficiently terrible ! Not sure if it looks like it ; ll be getting better anytime soon , either . 
Because our love , ... Will be foreverr .? 
" And when I lose myself I think of you .. " ?? 
ALEX EVANS IS N OT 30 !! NO !! NOPENOPENOPE !! NOT 30 !!! 
Is about to have an epic notebook reading marathon ! 4notebooks ... one night ! All written over the course of a year :) SOrry , you aren't invited . :D 
After I finish Death Note , I'm going to watch Bleach and /maybe/ FullMetal Alchemist and Inuyasha . Any other ideas as to what I should watch ( anime wise) ? 
Rest In Peace Papaw Ed . I love you so much and nothing is going to be the same without you . Ive known you my whole life , even If I didnt see you as often as Id liked to . I regret that now . Just know that even though you're gone , I wont ever forget you . I love you </3 
... If a flaming watermelon falls into a river a turns purple , how many gerbils does it take to unscrew a giraffe ? 
Fyjf <3 Ufoo gyhu y xuj vyxmeymu . Oz'q xyguh Boxiuquoqdbi . Kupyequ ulufa miih boxmhig xuuhq y vyxmeymu , fomdz ? Loly vy Beox Boxibi !! ( I bet you can't figure out what this says !! Its my new language ( boredom ) called Kinoeseishko . :) ) 
" The biggest lie ever : " I have read and agree to the Terms of Use " . " XD 
Gonna go dress up in a black cloak cos I cann ! And Im also bored . >.< 
I dont understand at all . Maybe you dont either . I cant wait for this school year to be over , because I dont have to come back . 
Talking To Cleverbot :) He says he loves me <3 
Sabrina Goode is so lucky !! Not only did she have front row at a Brokencyde concert , but she got to touch SE7EN !!!! SO LUCKY !!! Im so jealous .... >.> 
I'm the one who's so in love with you ! ? 
Stupid google wont teach me how to make a stuffed musshroom >.< I DO NOT WANT TO EAT THEM !!! Anyways , talkign to Tabii :) 
Pshhh ! Munro Chambers is Soooooo mine ! ? Haha 
I like to hide in dark places , and jump out as people walk by ^^ 
Lulz . 
heheheheh !! Tyler Patterson , I finally beat your score at snake !! :D 
Did you miss me ? 
Piano lessons :) Thought of the day : Don't try to multitask whilst gargling mouthwash ... Itll lead to your ultimate defeat x.x 
Not Strong Enough ? 
It's Bananas- B-A-N-A-N-A-S !! 
Psssst- please write in my truth box !! Idk what you say , cos I cant read it and such but ... just please write in it !! :D 
filling out stuff for church camp this year :) Im " */hopefully \"* doing Ziplines and such this year . What happened to horseback ?! 
Church camp is less than 2 days away !! Anyone want to come help me carry my suitcase upstairs ? I'd say it's heavy as a couch ;D 
If you arent online right now , youre a fail . 
Top highlights of the day : Erii was number 37 and won a cake , Erii has green hair , and Erii has a crushhh !! <3 XD 
God sent His Son they called Him Jesus ; He came to love , heal and forgive . He lived and died to buy my pardon ; an empty grave is there to prove my Savior lives . Because He lives I can face tomorrow ; because He lives , all fear is gone . Because I know He holds the future , and life is worth the living just because He lives . 
" OMG ITS FLOODING !! " " Dont worry , I have my shamwow !! " :D 
I dont understand anymore . 
Got back from the dance !! It was fun !! Lol , Im in a posseeee !! XD 
Im going to churh tonight with Lori , So Imma be happy right now . Im not going to let her or him make me sad . 
My new name is Shanaynay =) Sabrina Goode is Roshondola . 
I loved last night ! I didn't die , I only fell about 5 times :DD 
I think I discovered a new type of fruit , or a new tree ! 
Yes , I can be a gamer-nerd . :) 
Like my status and i will say something 
i ? about you , say something i dislike about you and make a trueful 
confession if there is one of you :) 
Misa : " I would never dream to live in a world without Light ! " L : " It would be dark . " 
Is now sad . Apparently the name " Erii " Isnt as original as I thought it was :'( 
Angry >:( 
Has a sore hand , and possible atrocious hat hair from wearing my fishy fedora :D 
Has purple sharpied shoes :D 
Is at the moment dressed up as Dipsy the Tellitubbie , and Tabii Higdon is Tinkie-Winkie . Why we still know their names -Who knows ? 
Planetary ( GO ! ) ? 
Discreetly Mine <3 Ftw XD 
Publish via death note ? ... 
Pointless but cool x ) 
Goodbye facebook ! Time for camp ! 
I swear I'm brainwashed . Cos there's no way I could like /Tokio Hotel/ and /Hawthorne HEights/ and be in my right mind . -.- 
WHY CANT ANIME CHARRIES BE REAL ?!?!!? * sobs * 
ANYWAYS . 
5 more days . Chya . 
going to the spring fling at Medora Elementary Its gonnabe funnnn ! 
What do you think of the bible ? 
I think I either need to carry less stuff , or get a bigger purse :p 
family reunion :D Just the nine of uss . 
Me and Sabrina ... Yes , we're always in pickles -__- 
I'M MAKIN A MOVIE . 
playlist wont work >.< 
Baby , there's a shark in the water ... ? 
MY SUIT CASE IS 45.5 POUNDS !!!! :O 
" Do not judge , or you too will be judged " -Matthew 7:1 
Maybe we'll turn it around cos it's not too late , it's never too late ... ? 
My new years resolution is to become more raccoon like ^^ 
QOTD !! : Children , your performance was miserable . Your parents will all receive 
phone calls instructing them to love you less now . ~ Ms Bitters(IZ ) 
Camp in 8 days . 
SOMEBODY GET MONSTERS !!!! 
Thank you <3 
" Wooosh ! boom ! spill ! " A sign knocking over my pepsi :o 
Alyssa Lies is the saddest song everr . 
Oh no ... why do I like hawthorn heights ....? and tokio hotel ?!?! D:< tabithhaa !!! 
Avenged sevenfold's new song is ** amazing ** 
Rest in peace John Kelly , my grandfather , and one of the strongest people I know . Words can't describe how much we all miss you , but I'm trying to remember that you're not feeling any pain right now , and that you're in paradise . I love you Pepaw . 
I'm mad at Playlist . So ... You'll find me on Pandora , till I get over it :)) 
This tragedy is such a masterpiece ... ? 
Remember when you were a mad man ? Thought you was batman !! ~ MCR ? 
Lol .... Darigan FTW :D 
My Dad is AWESOME and is the best cook 0 ;) 
Dear 2011 , 
I trust this is gonna be a good year . Jsyk . 
kthxbai . 
Just got back from the 99 with some friends . IT was an eye opening experience , and it was fun , too . There's still two days left , if anyone else wants to go :)) 
Quote Of The Day : youre just screaming " BREAK UP WITH ME !!! " 
And hes just not getting it ... " 
PLEASE put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable , and in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower , armed with fire extinguishers . The remaining 1% are awesome , and will re-post this . Will you ? 
Hush little baby don't you cry , everything's gonna be alright ? 
Lulz , how does " Huddle House " sound like " Zweydoff ? " In other news , I want to drive a hearse ! 
Kill joys , make some noise !! :D 
MCR Album : Danger Days : The True Lives of the Fabulous Killjoys come out in 55 days ! 
SHHH ! Dont tell Playlist.com that even though I'm useing Pandora for music now , I secretly miss Playlist :(( 
Love is our resistance , they'll keep us apart 
And they won't stop breaking us down 
And hold me , our lips must always be sealed ? 
D: 
Paul McCoy ~ ! 
Munro Chambers !! ? 
QOTD ! : Ill give it to you that its cute when youreally look at it and squint with one eye and dont look out the other while doing a handstand on the eiffel tower with a not declawed bunny hanging fearfully from your hair 
I don't think im gonna make it ! heart ... stopping ... head ... spinng ..... goodbye ... cruel .. world ... x.x EEEP ! I need to know the meaning of tomorrow !!!!! D: 
QOTD : " But bye , Brainwashed Miley Minion ! " XD 
Today is Embrace Your Geekness Day !! 
I got viciously attacked by a bunny . Oh , the irony :p 
For the record , I still luff the bunny . 
He's gonna help me with world domination ! 
" I don't know whether war is an interlude during peace , or if peace is an interlude during war " 
Bullet For My Valentine is going on tour ! The closest they'll b to us , unfourtunatly is Ohio in October ...! I want to go ! 
do you really know me ? what's my full name , Age , 
birthday , favorite color , bestFriend , & eye color ? put this as 
yoour status & see who knows you the best , this may suprise you . (: 
I wanna study abroad ! 
" The 
most intelligent people disguise the fact that they are intelligent . 
Wise men do not wear nametags . The more people talk about their own 
skills , the more desperate they are—their work should speak for itself . " 
So guess who has strep :( 
Its funny to hear your baby brother try singing in Japanese >:D 
My eyes always look weird in pictures ! D: 
We have a zoo downstairs !! First , we have the vicious(est ? ) bunny in the world ! Then , there's a ninja sugar glider !! And lastly , we have The Erii !!! :o 
QOTD ! 
" Lol , omg , we weigh the same ! I think thats bad ..? " ? 
" Fanboy and Chum Chum has started the Downfall 
of Nickelodeon . Stay strong , Spongebob , stay strong . " 
Can someone send me some ribbon ( I need 4 .. ) On frontier ville ? 
I wanna make crop circles :p 
Danger Days : The True Lives Of The Fabulous Killjoys ? 
Halloween schmalloween , I'm making enchiladas . x ] 
I SO HYPERR !! :D 
Soon ! 
" There are going to be times when you learn more about the world you’re entering and feel defeated when you see the gap between the ideal and the reality But that’s something we’ll all face . The people that face those obstacles and overcome them are people whose dreams come true . " — Tsugumi Ohba 
Happy Canada Day !! 
s ?? nu ?? ???? u ? ??? q ? pu ?? ?? ? o ? no 
People coming over today ! 
Happy Friday The 13th ! 
" Rejection " doesn't hurt , " expectation " does . " Lie " doesn't kill , " denial " does . " Forget " doesn't heal , " forgive " does . 
O.M.G. 0.0 
Anybody have Animal Crossing for wii ? 
:D Today's Matt Tuck's birthday ? 
Off to church soon (: 
Wants someone to play video games with me !! ;( 
Alex Evans ?, Munro Chambers ?, se7en ?, Christopher Drew ?, Matt Tuck ?, Adam Gontier ? ... ( 6/17 ish ? ) 
U ? 
Hush little baby , dont say a word ... And never mind that noise your heard . Its just the beasts under your bed , in your closet in your head ! ? 
I rare like Mr Clean with Hair :D 
" That guy could sell a refrigerator to an eskimo ... " xD 
when do they blow up the truck ?? Theres already 10 mil . ppl , right ? 
“The stone the builders rejected has become the cornerstone , ” 1 Peter 2:7 
If you only knew ...? ($|- | ! |\|3d0 \/\/|\|) 
Heading to church soon for the adult valentines thing . . . 
Yay ! Paula Kelly Zweydoff is going to the ER tonight !! Good job to everyone who participated in her intervention via facebook :D 
QOTD ! : It must be the duck butt . XD 
Qotd : " IM GONNA GET UR NAM TATTOOOED ON MY LEFT BIG TOE " 
I think my bunny is sick :( 
" Edward isn't a Vampire , He lives in the forest , he doesn't eat people , and he sparkles . Hes obviously a Fairy . " 
Blehh . XP 
" Life's no fun without a good scare ! " ;D 
Koji Kondo !! ? 
I've been reunited with my favorite Norwegian Band :D 
Hahah , Isiaiah is singing Poker Face XD 
Yaaaayyyy !! My camera works again !! :D 
Every person has 1000 wishes ; a cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do , in honor of someone who died of , is fighting , or has survived cancer 
We're having icecream sandwiches for dinner ?! XD Where's my REAL mom at ??? :D 
Wish I could go to Waverly Hill this year D: 
That bad bad vegetuhbul .. Uh yes , I got so big and strong from eating turnip vegetubuls . 
If the white rose petals open one by one , will the memories from those 
days revive ? 
I dressed troy up like a girl ... And now he'srunning through the house singing " Im a barbie girl " Yea , I take full credit for this and pictures to come for this later ! :D 
There is no normality , only varying degrees of strangeness . 
Ew I had a dream I dated Justin Bieber ! D:< 
New Qotd lulz : ANYWAYS . I f you dont want to do it for us , /do it for mustache man !! / :{ D 
" I'm a walking , bleeding heart of generosity ! " ~ Kenpachi Zaruki :D 
Where there is life ... there is war . Where there is war ... there are people who struggle to end it . The people who struggle to end war either fight for justice or fight for revenge . Somewhere along the way the difference is lost . 
Why so serious ? 
I know that you believe you understand what you think I said , but I'm not sure you realize that what you heard is not what I meant . 
27 - You're one of my best friends ! You've helped me in ways you don't know , and I'm so glad we met , and I love you like a ringo . :D 
I never wanted to DANCE with nobody but you ! ( I'm too cool for the second grade ! ) 
Darn Canadian boys ! ? 
Slash and Fergie is a weeeeiiiiirrrrddd combination , o_O 
REALLYREALLYREALLY wants to go to church tonight :) 
QOTD : may I be the vice-yoshi conquerer ? :D 
" Questions are a danger to you , and a burden to others " ~ Mr Krabs 
" Learn to treasure life because unfortunately , it can be taken away from you at any time . " 
Look alive , sunshine ... 
If I could write you a song to make you fall in lovee ? 
Gravity , Don't mean too much to me , I'm who I've got to be ( bulletproof heart ? ) 
TEchnology is so cool :)) Im viewing a japanese page , translated magically to english . Now I can read about Square Enix !! 
Fred The Movie is pretty funny :D 
" you scared the be-jesus out of me ! " ~ SG 
A great way to start the day- finding out laddie chewed the nose off of the stuffed animal that used to be my bunny's . Great . 
I love Porkchop ! 
Life lives , life dies . Life laughes , life cries . Life gives up , and life tries . But life looks different through everyones eyes . 
Jesus saves !!! 
Going to church tonight (: 
I'm going to IRELAND !!! RIGHT NOW ! :D 
Aaarrrgghhh , ? 
Rest In Peace Mocha the bunny 
Lori Caraway , I hate not knowing stuff !! 
We could blame the world forever , We could just escape together ....? 
I have a big stack of movies to watch :) And .. Goodnight ! 
BFMV ? 
Needs to make some reeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaalllllllllllllyyyyyyyyyyyy fast money , like , before the 18th . o.o 
* Pay It Forward 2011 * : I will send something homemade to the first 5 people who leave a comment here . They must in turn post this and send something they make to the first 5 people who comment on their status . The rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 ... =) 
Cardinals FTW !!! 
I like the way that Justin Biebers name in Serbian is Justina >:D 
" Next time the ichthus magnet can make you a smootie !! " Haha ! 
Haunted house tonight !! :D 
Sitting with Isaiah listening to Nirvana :D He's gonna have an awesome taste in music ;) 
brownie batter blizzard = Yum ! 
So now I'm an Aquarius ? Alrighty then ! xD 
And I'm not strong enough to stay away ? 
It's not like you to say sorry , I was waiting on a different story ... I guess I was mistaken , for handing you a heart worth breakin .. ( Nickelback , anyone ? :]) 
TheOnlyHopeForMeisYou (: 
" ....... grinning , an act of intimidation . " - Tite Kubo 
I gotta secret !! :D 
Nothing is ever for sure . That is the only sure thing I know . 
Whenyou carry the Bible , satan gets a headache . When you open It , he collapses . When he sees you reading It , he faints . When you are about torepost this message , he will try to discourage you . I defeated him . I reposted it without hesistation !!!!! 
" Anata wa baka desu ! " " Gracias ! " Haha . 
Sabrina Goode- We're BBBAAADDD !! n_n ( qotd hheheh ! ) 
I can't wait until tomorrow !! I'm seeing people I haven't seen in 4mos . + , carving pumpkins , and we're gonna be generally crazy ! :D 
Happy hug day ! >:) 
You know me all too well , But you never had the chance ... to found out who I really am ( who I really am ! ) 
Mediante el uso de un traductor para hablar español , no significa que yo estoy bien con los inmigrantes ilegales en nuestro país !? >_< 
I love my mother . She's hilarious XD 
Say you'll haunt me ... 
3- You're super cool ! I love you so much , and I hope to see you all soon ! 
Happy day before the day before /Christ/mas (: 
I had a dream I was on the phone with Matt Tuck . IF ONLY . D: 
Has a pumpkin baby named Waldo 
Sabrina Goode and Tabii Higdon , me , & a Pumpkin ~ ! What could happen ?? :D 
happy christmas !!! 
Procrastination ! DX 
Has never been to Rhode Island ! 
Isaiah ..! Why would you smack someone with your toast ?? 
I would probably enjoy the snow ,... If I wasn't sick >.< I hope I'm better by friday D: 
First PersonToLike This , Your Last Name Will Be Mine For 1 Days . Second Person , YouCan Dare Me To Do One Thing . Third Person , I'm Married To YouFor AWeek . Fourth Person , I Will Write iLoveeYuh On Your Wall . Fifth Person , I WillAnswer Any Question HONESTLY . Put This In Your Status If Your ... Brave ... Enough ! (: 
My mother , Paula Kelly Zweydoff , is growling at Paula SKELLY . o.o 
Quote Of The Day : " i wanna be in a relationship , nottaa pickle ! " 
" You're just jealous cos you're not cuddly !! " :D 
He's going the distance , he's going for speed ! 
Going to go play in the snow ! 
Anyone wanna take me to see TRON ? ;D And Narnia's out , too I think .... 
Who knows ? 
" I can only please one person a day . Today's not your day and tomorrow's not looking to good either " 
I swear if I get one more cityville notification ... Yesss , I play it . But it's kinda annoying when you're profile is cityville . Sheesh . >.< 
merry day before the day before the New Years ! 
Sabrina Goode ... DOMO ATTACK ! :D 
I may have a tendency to exaggerate things x ) 
Meh ! D: 
" Nana , where's my mustache at ? " 
Haircut ! :D 
I'm gonna go sleep . Or something . 
Pardon me while I burst .. into flames ? 
" So many people know the law , but so few know justice . " 
Well . I did the chicken dance today . And the hokey pokey . Yea ... wow . That's not something I do everyday . o_O 
My Dad Rules . That's No Joke 
The potatoes are mmmmmmaaaaaagggiiiiiicccaaaalllll !!?? 
Jimmy Eat World ! :D 
Say you'll haunt me (: 
Going iceskating tonight ... Hopefully I won't get hurt too badly xD 
Quote of the day : " I'd prolly tackle hug both of them ... would that be a bad idea on ice ? its like .. TACKLE HUGS ... ON ICE ! We could make a musical : ' D " 
I'm gonna play hide and seek in the dark with my brother and sisterx ) 
I gotta secret !! :DD 
Mmm ... Porkchop for dinner ! ;D 
" You don't stop laughing because you grow old . You grow old because you stop laughing . " 
? 
I GOTS MUH PEZ DISPENSER !!! :D 
You ain't seen nothin yet ! 
<---- Someone hacked you , but only to tell you they think you are very smart and beautiful . Can you guess Who ???? 
Believe in me ? 
Subway ! Eat fresh ! :D 
It's fairly amusing to watch my mother playing super mario . xD 
Plot twist !! :{ o 
Defective sugar >:( ---------- :o 
I haaaaaate those things that are all ... " so and so answered a question about you , but if you wanna find out what they said , you have to answer 50 thousand questions just for one stupid answer !! D }: 
My mom hacked my facebook ! D: 
The tables keep spinning around ! :o 
" There is no fear when one expects to be betrayed . What's truly terrifying is when betrayal is unexpected " 
Thanks you all for wshing me happy birthday ! I had a great birthday ( especially since I got a cellularr device ! ;D ) 
You ! Obey the fist ! 
Invader's blood marches through my veins like giant radioactive rubber pants ! The pants command me . Do not ignore my veins ! 
My franz sure know how to make people feel happy (: 
' I really don't mind what happens now and then ... As long as you'll be my friend at the end ' 
No church tonight ): 
Our basements flooded and I keep stepping in cooold puddles . -.- 
I forgot my phone charger >.< 
Rest in peace , Andrew Mahoney . ): 
You don't have to understand me ... Just accept me ! ( : 
What does passion fruit taste like ? 
Charlie and the chocolate factory ! :D 
I'm so happy (: 
Can I be the only hope for you ? Because you're the only hope for me .? 
I'm so thankful for everything I have (: 
Shopping at petsmart for spaz- got him a new cage and some toys ! Now for some treats for laddie (: 
Baby , I'm howlin for you ? ( BlackKeys ) 
The people who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world are the ones that do . 
I found my mace !!!! :DD 
Building a house of cards takes a lot of patience ... Something in which I do not have . >_< 
Cleverbot quoted invader zim :3 
Im at woemn of joy ! There's a /lot/ of people ! 
Yippy skippy ? xD 
Spaz decided to ' wake me up ' by somehow opening hid cage and jumping on me ? He's baxk in his cage now , but I have to wake up in about 2 hours . Great . 
Mom gave me coffee !! And my eyes are liiiike .. WIDE OPEN . And my chocolatey coffee is almost gone ): 
ALL OF THAT RUNNING AND WE DIDNT EVEN GET FRONT ROW . Grrr . 
I'm told that I'm quiet o.e 
Don't mock the hill ! 
Front row in the Casting Crowns concert ! Lindsey and I ran and layed down on the whole front row ! We wonnnn > D 
I have a sammich in mah head ! :3 
My DAD is awesome :o } 
It's funny that when I ask people if they like Cake , they think I'm talking about the food , not the band xD 
Hesitate by Stone Sour = My new favorite song :D 
You were washed , you were sanctified , you were justified in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ 
I must spray around 10 gallons of febreeze in a day xD 
You're a bad cat man x ) 
Let's go to to the mall , you know they have it all (; 
The hawk and the kappa are dating x3 Tabii Higdon 
If we had a quarter for every time we said ' If we had a nickel ' , we'd have 5 times as much theoretical money :D 
Type your name : Eerie Zweydoff 
Type your name with your elbow : wewerekioe zqaqwwreuyffd ; olgfvgfv 
Type your name with your eyes closed : Eerie Zweydoff 
Type your name with your nose : eerie zweydeoff 
Slam your face into the keyboard : What if I just type random stuff ? jlfhasdhfasehf 
Copy this and see how you do :) 
" If you don't live for something , you'll die for nothing . " 
About to go walkin ! I told my grandma I thought it felt good outside , and she looked at me and said , ' Are you nuts ?? ' 
" It's something unpredictable , but in the end it's right , I hope you had the time of your life . " 
“Say to them , ‘As I live ! ’ declares the Lord GOD , ‘I take no pleasure in the death of the wicked , but rather that the wicked turn from his way and live . " Ezekiel 33:11 
Isaiah likes beastie boys xD 
Went to Shogun , Christain Book Store and Boarders ... I got a Domo , Pokey and lots of other cool stuff . Oh , I also had a sstrawberry Daquiri .... ;) ( sp ? ) 
My parents , Paula Kelly Zweydoff and Tony Zweydoff are weird .... and I ' , m almost out of Pockey . I'll be giving that out , however , in exchange for hugs :3 
