Goin Home after a Year today :) 
Life Sucks So Does Face BOOK !!!!!!!!! 
I Hate everybody & you're NEXT 
How can blood be your salvation And justify the pain That we have caused throughout the times Will I learn what's truly sacred ? Will I redeem my soul ? Will truth set me free ? 
Kan Kanamal Sendridum , EN Payanam Theadum " SAVA MOOGATHYeL " 
I Claimed her MiNE , But to realize tat I was Just Deceived Like tHe rEsT ..... Yep ! its her mU'Sic 
But what can I do ? Frozen !!!!!! 
It tears me apart to sacrifice it all But I'm forced to let go , Tell me I'm frozen But what can I do ? Can't tell the reasons When lies turn into truth I sacrifice for you You say that I am frozen But what can I do ? Everything will slip away Shattered pieces will remain , When memories fade into emptiness , Only time will tell its tale If it all has been in vain ; I can't feel my senses I just feel the cold Frozen 
Ooopss !! sry guys for not inviting for ma marriage ;) I Got Married to someone Special finally 8 ) Yep its Her /) 8 ) she's ma music 8 ) 
prathap , already quit farmville , happy aquriam , and now quiting cafe world ....... only playin restaurant city ..... suggest some better fun games here ............................. 
Insane World with Insane People ..... or Rather call it ,... " DUMB WORLD WITH DUMBER PEOPLE ....... ( not even close to sanity , so y call them INSANE ?!?! ) 
Song's Name-Stop . 
Genre-Hip Hop(English ) . 

This song is all about Stopping Child Sex Slavery , which is happening all around us ,... 
Rapper tells da story of 2 girl's lives which has been sadly forced into child sex and he appears to da world to " Stop ; This Endless Misery . Stop ; This Hopeless Agony ; And says , Unity is Da Remedy to give theses Children Liberty : Lets Stop " . 
Chk comment for link :) 
For heaven's Sake , oldies , the Righteous ones , da guddy gud ppl and all saints , plz do leave me at peace atleast to indulge myself in my thoughts n words for thats da one i've got access to endless limits , and an endless acces to FB to express em ;-) . 
: 
IF SKY BE DA LIMIT OF DA WORLD , THEN , LET DA SAME BE SO FOR MY THOUGHTS N WORDS - p-Ra-ThaP ;-) 
is in Love with Hate and feel happiness in Sorrow . Found Kindness in Envy . Saw Life ' during ' Death . Found sanity in Insanity . Have Heard the Silence Scream like Hell . And Peace Hungry For Wars ....... This is no Devil's or Satanic or Depressed Thoughts or " krazyness " ; am just a Human to FEEL IT , PERCEIVE IT and UNDERSTAND IT (: -) There is a Saint in Every Sinner and a Sinner in Every Saint . 
Go , eat your food with gladness , and drink your wine with a joyful heart , for it is now that God favors what you do . Enjoy life with your wife , whom you love , all the days of this meaningless life that God has given you under the sun— all your meaningless days . 
Orchestration differs in that it is only adapting music for an orchestra or musical ensemble while arranging " involves adding compositional techniques , such as new thematic material for introductions , transitions , or modulations , and endings ... 
Interrupted life again , another new beginning 
Where the silence echoes you're no longer with me 
Here and now , i feel that i'm embracing freedom 
Even though i may be alone , but that's ok 
And looking out onto a different sky it seems so easy 
Absence is never the answer , i know , but it serves as my shade 
God'die does fuck up lIVes !!!!!! ( i'm no anti-christ ) but cant hide REALITY ............ Take it or %$#&*(*@ 
Boom Baby !!!!! Prathap is " BACK " on " TRACK " n " KEYS " ------- on da roads of Chennai , happy lonely night drives , and tis time landed on KODAMBAKKAM ( really that place sucks ) 
Too much of anything is gud for nothin .... 
Anything = democracy , love , gud n bad , communism , dreams n nitemares . 
Nothing = nothing . 
Wonderin hw many homo sapiens ' feel ' this . Its an emo .. 
Life is a waterfall , We're one in the river , And one again after the fall . Swimming through the void , We hear the word , We lost ourselves , But we find it all ? Cause we are the ones that want to play , Always want to go , But you never want to stay , And we are the ones that want to chose , Always want to play , But you never want to lose . Aerials , in the sky , When you lose small mind , You free your life 
“A man is as young as the woman he feels . ” -- Groucho Marx 
is now the proud owner of RUBICON STUDIO MONITORS :) Njoying the depths of the ribbon monitor .,. 
Such a Lonely Day & its Mine ... Such a Lonely Day Must b Banned .. Such a Lonely Day Shouldnt Exist ... Its D day i'm Glad that I Survived :( 
Shrek : 
" Stop singing !!! 
Well it's no wonder you don't have any friends . 
The Donkey : 
Wow , only a true friend would be that truely honest . 
Both read the Bible day and night , but thou read black where i read white-William Blake Yep its true . wanna know d love of god ? Read it white with the wisdom of so called " GOD " .. Wanna know Devil ??? Read it BLack without the so called " God " in ur Life . and ur conclusion without God will be as the TEACHER Says-Meaningless !!! :P Its fun try it . coz i did it.so y not u ? :P . afterall its meaningless when u do it :D 
Yippee !! Prathap downloaded nearly 50 GB of new VSTi for His collections and that too Awe-So-Me Ones in past 10Days :::: Feels regenerated when I update my sound collections :-) Collected almost all lost key Generators for my previous collections of VSTs which where deleted coz of a severe Virus Attact for past 6 to 8 months :::: Finally Back On Track wit ma WorkstatioN and added another 1TB HD :::: B-) 
Hey Mr. Curiosity I'm looking for love this time Sounding hopeful but it's making me cry And love is a mystery Mr. Curiosity Be Mr. please Do come and find me , oh Find , find me , find me I'm looking for love this time Sounding hopeful but it's making me cry Trying not to ask why Cause love is a mystery Mr. curiosity 
For this is your lot in life and in your toilsome labor under the sun . Whatever your hand finds to do , do it with all your might , for in the grave , where you are going , there is neither working nor planning nor knowledge nor wisdom . 
Prathap Is Back To coMpoSing after 5 LOOONNNGGG Months .... ;-) :-) ;-) . Felt Alive after a LOng Time ... 
Psalms 14:1 The fool says in his heart , " There is no God . " Proverbs 28:26 He who trusts in himself is a fool , but he who walks in wisdom is kept safe . • A foolish person is one who thinks and lives APART from God and His Word “always learning but never able to acknowledge the truth . ” ( 2 Timothy 3:7 NIV ) 
The American Federation of Musicians defines arranging as " the art of preparing and adapting an already written composition for presentation in other than its original form . An arrangement may include reharmonization , paraphrasing , and/or development of a composition , so that it fully represents the melodic , harmonic , and rhythmic structure " . Arranging is the art of giving an existing melody musical variety " 
“For the LORD gives wisdom , and from his mouth come knowledge and understanding . ” ( Proverbs 2:6 NIV ) 
Love is blinding when the timing's never right Oh who am I to beg for difference Finding love in just an instant Well I dont mind , at least I've tried And I tried , I tried ... 
Hey Mr. Curiosity Is it true what they've been saying about you Are you killing me ? You took care of the cat already And for those who think it's heavy Is it the truth Or is it only gossip Call it mystery or anything Just as long as you'd call me I sent the message on did you get it when I left it 
Swallowed up in the sound of my screaming 
Cannot cease for the fear of silent nights 
Oh , how I long for the deep sleep dreaming 
The goddess of imaginary light 
In my field of paper flowers 
And candy clouds of lullaby 
I lie inside myself for hours 
And watch my purple sky fly over me 
Let me stay 
Where the wind will whisper to me 
Where the raindrops , as they’re falling , tell a story 
Today , Tried My Hands at Clickin fotos ( which i dont do ever , guess its a surprise ever for me to believe i took fotos ... ) . Clicked few snaps of Fishes n Garden being grown by Mom ,.,.,.,., Chk em out ..... ;) :P :D :) 
Pratzzz , learning d deepest Philosophys of life n beyond , in early ages :-P (i feel lik a saint in my soul n spirit :) . thanx to d INSANE PEOPLE Around me and d Insane Relations I was blessed(or cursed ) wit .... ++++Its Meaningless Says d Teacher++++(and so do i ) ....... coz , d teacher doesnt want me to understand d meaningful .... lol !!!!!! WTF ! ! ! I Love It ... When I go KRAZYYYY !!!!!! 
Tried out My first TRIAL MIX with my new RUBICON monitors ---- Do post comment n feedback on the Quality of the MIX in the track . Its the same old song " INI MARAPEN " :) ( Metal ) 
There's nothin more in tis whole " %*damed *#@" world that can screw da Hell out of Me .... mOi default character or attitude or psychology or mannerism or watever u call tat has switched on to " THE mIDDle fIngEr " for any of that sort ..... :D ;) :P .... tat does makes me feel , with " HiGh HoPes " :) :) :) ........ 
Am back to Rajapalayam after a Looooooooong time and gonna stay here for a veerrryyyy Looooong time .,., a very long n BiG bye for chennai for few months(gonna miss ma friends a lot ) .,. Got a nu puppy(didnt name him yet ) .... Chk out d pics ..... 
ME:I'M temporarly Insane ..... I love MuSiC .... Him : Very Wrong Answer ... LOL !!!!! BANG !..... 
Can you take me Higher ? To a place where blind men see Can you take me Higher ? To a place with golden streets 
is bored to core yesterday n today ....... ..... ... . not even interested in typin tis status msg :/ 
Encumbered forever by desire and ambition There's a hunger still unsatisfied ........ The grass was greener The light was brighter The taste was sweeter The nights of wonder With friends surrounded The dawn mist glowing The water flowing The endless river Forever and ever 
2 And I declared that the dead , who had already died , are happier than the living , who are still alive . 3 But better than both is he who has not yet been , who has not seen the evil that is done under the sun . 
This composition is based on an insane Drug addict's Lament and the Perfect sane voice he hears inside him . 
Song name-Mull Pathai . 
Genre-Grunge Metal ( in tamil ) chk wiki for details abt the genre n style of composition 
Mood & Lyrics-Dark+Lament + Philosophy ( pretty new for a tamil song audience ; though i dont xpect all to lik such compositions ; but ' there was a need to xpress n xplore ' ) 
its quiet poetic though . Njoy 
Kasab Waged War against Indians and it took 18 months to find that out .... So wat NxTe ... !!!!!!!!!!!!! ........ Death Penalty would b a easy eNd for him and a quenching judgement for d Boiling Bloods .... Life Imprisonment Till his dEath or fOreVer ( whichever comes 1st ) will b a sane humanely judgement ( coz i think no human is bestoved wit power to take another life .... :) 
16 I thought to myself , " Look , I have grown and increased in wisdom more than anyone who has ruled over Jerusalem before me ; I have experienced much of wisdom and knowledge . " 17 Then I applied myself to the understanding of wisdom , and also of madness and folly , but I learned that this , too , is a chasing after the wind . 18 For with much wisdom comes much sorrow ; the more knowledge , the more grief . 
I try to picture a girl 
Through a looking glass 
See her as a carbon atom 
See her eyes and stare back at them 
See that girl 
As her own new world 
Though her home is on the surface , she is still a universe . 
Is 
on da pursuit to FIND his place on tis so called world . though I realize is a big journey . just on da process of 
facing it face to face FiNally . ( and i dont care for da so 
called ' others ' , just had a thought , it would b not so 
respectable to say tat , but tats wat i ment to say ) . Its an 
open book frm now on ' wOrLd ' and tat ' an ' is my life(most ppl never say it out . am too gud to say 
it out ) tats da way i am 
Such a lonely day , 
And it's mine , 
The most loneliest day in my life , 
Such a lonely day 
Should be banned 
It's a day that I can't stand . 
Shouldn't exist . 
It's a day that I am glad I survived . 
thanx to " S.O.A.D " for bring out wats in my mind very often :-) 
" What's on your mind ? " asks FB . So here we go ; 
" F%^ #k ye all who sleeps peacefully in Love , and curse tis damned world where I live in Hate . Away frm me U @##$ i just wanna go to my " IMAGINARY " world to Eskape Ur Reality of Love . " 
Heard Enough FB ? 
' 
“Language ... has created the word " loneliness " to express the pain of being alone . And it has created the word " solitude " to express the glory of being alone . ” 
Got all My Equipments serviced to perfect workin condition after 7 to 8 months of struggle , wit an unknown force , blockin r screwin all my efforts to make them work properly ... " and finally tis is d day that all will remember as the day when captain . Prathap BAnG BAnG BAnG !!! :o :o :o :o !!!! " ---- EnD 
Contrast is the First Law of any ' Art ' .... says John Thomson's 1st Grade Piano Book , and I usually accept that line n go by it . :) 
All art is autobiographical ; the pearl is the oyster's autobiography . So Does My Music :P :P :P 
This analytical approach to spectral composition originated in France in the early 1970s and the techniques were primarily developed , and later refined , at the Institut de Recherche et Coordination Acoustique/Musique , Paris , and with the Ensemble l'Itinéraire , by composers such as Gerard Grisey and Tristan Murail . 
If you’re one in a million , there are six thousand people exactly like you . 
Loved the song " Gift of a Friend " -demi lovato ; after watching the animated film " Tinker Bell " ... And liked the character " Peter Pan " much more than before after watching the film " Finding Neverland " 
--- Its not Who I am Inside , but what I do , that defines " ME " --- 
" u'll never b a leader " 
" BUT I'M DA BEST " 
" s ur ' the ' best and u do make others look like a fool but " 
" BUT ?! " 
" u'll never b a leader unless u come to a situation where ur loosing ( or lost ) and still hav the courage to move forward " . 
Hope n wish for the toughest challenge ur heart n mind can take ... ( and there is never n end to da power within u ) The task Ahead of U is never as Great as the Power within U . 
Spectral music ( or spectralism ) is a musical composition practice where compositional decisions are often informed by the analysis of sound spectra . Computer based sound spectrum analysis using a Fast Fourier transform is one of the more common methods used in generating descriptive data . Using FFT analysis , features of a particular sound spectrum can be visualized using a spectrogram . 
Computer on fatal attack for past 3 days :( :( :( still tryin to recover frm the fatal attack of various virus , trojans , etc , etc crap ....... i hate it when nearly 1TB of exe files get screwed up lik tis and got to re install all frm da beginning : x :( : x 
SquiDoo Died Yesterday Midnight due to Food Poisoning :( :( :( :( .... So horrible to see it hav fits and die slowly :( :( :( :( .... tis is d best puppy we'v had in yrs(highly intellectual-even during fits , he went out to piss n vomit as trained ; tat was surprising for a puppy of 1 month ) n we showed more love than ever , just to loose it " tooo soon " .... :( :( :( :( 
Finally !!! i'm shutting down all systems at " RJPM " n will b on my way to Chennai tonite -- nu hopes wit a vision , ' rEfResHed ' -- gonna b ' oFflInE ' for few days till i settle down n get a nu connection --> Peace out .. : .. -cya on da other side :) -- CIAO 
" System Terminated " ( Beeeeeeeep ! ) <---- Is it GUD or BAD ????? Ahhhmm , never liked or cared for em both :P ;-) 
I'll BE BaCK-p-Ra-ThaP ( n not Arnold Schwarzenegger ) 
I wanted you to know that 
I love the way you laugh 
I wanna hold you high and steal your pain away ... 
I keep your photograph and 
I know it serves me well 
I wanna hold you high and steal your pain 
Cause I'm broken when I'm lonesome 
And I don’t feel right when you’re gone away 
i got my phone back ..... yipeeee !!!! (gud ppl around to return it back ) :) 
I got a pocket , got a pocketful of sunshine . 
I got a love , and I know that it's all mine . 
Take me away : A secret place . 
A sweet escape : Take me away . 
Take me away to better days . 
Take me away : A higher place . 
There's a place that I go , 
But nobody knows . 
Where the rivers flow , 
And I call it home . 
And there's no more lies . 
In the darkness , there's light . 
And nobody cries . 
There's only butterflies . 
Damn tis so called ' airtel broadband ' i'v been terminated 3times in a month just for applyin a shifting request .... Again another week without my main medium of connection to da outside world .... : x : x .... Oh god , why do u deprive me of a normal lyf !!! :( :( :( 
NEnjathil Mull Thaitha Paathaigal , 
Ennai Naan Aariyatha Nerangal , 
KhanalNeer Vazhinthodum Vadaigal , 
Kannai thee Kalavadum koram ... 
Vannathil Irul Serum Kanavugal , 
Siru Sirai Siragu Mulaikaatha Voonangal , 
Kan Serthu emmai thaikum Ninaivugal , 
Megam Mazahi Kanatha vanangal 
' 
Naan Naana Enabaena Yen Nilamaiye ______ Maadathil , 
Kankanamal Sendridum En Payanam Theadum Sava Mogathil !!!!! 
Tonite's Special ----------->> Tchaikovsky's - The Nutcracker ....... makes me sleep with a colorful dream :) 
Today my sister got her final sem results and passed out as an engineering student :) Cinthia B.E lol !!!! my human instinct tells me that i'm gonna be in much more trouble with this " B.E " thing ;-) ..... 
Sitting here wasted and wounded at this old piano 
Trying hard to capture the moment this morning I don't know ................... 
Now as you close your eyesKnow I'll be thinking about you 
While my mistress she calls me to stand in her spotlight again 
Tonight I won't be alone 
But you know that don't mean I'm not lonely 
" I've got nothing to prove for it's you that I'd die to defend " 
P . S : I Love U " Music " .... 
This is composition holds various flavour of love , dance , and " a ' need ' to be wit the one ur life ever wanted " kinda feel ;-) .... another 1 of ma favoraits .... 
Song name -Kadhalai Solliyae ...... 
Genre- Indy pop ( usual film kinda wit a style :P ) ..... 
Mood & Lyrics-Dance , Mixed emotions .... 
Commercially Njoyable .... Hav Fun .... Look below for da link ..... 
Q : Wat do u call a musician or composer who doesnt play r compose ? 
A : Freak , Crazy , Insane , Mad , Idiot , Lackin understanding of da world , worthless , Gud for nothing , Bad brought up , Wasteland , Nuts , etc , etc .. ( says da world ) .. Cheers !!!! :) 
Shakespeare's " Hamlet " ( Act 5 , Scene 1 ) 
HAMLET : Let Hercules himself do what he may , The cat will mew and dog will have his day . " 
( meaning " Every Dog Has its Day " ) ;-) 
Princess Fiona : What are you doing ? You know , you should sweep me 
off my feet out yonder window and down a rope onto your valiant steed . 

Shrek : You've had a lot of time to plan this , haven't you ? 
;-) ;-) :-P 
Sentences formed by ' Words ' r Just the same , but the meaning perceived by each individual varies in " magnitude " , even could have different meaning . 
Eg1 : " I love dogs " . Each 1's magnitude of the love for dog differs and understands tis sentence according to their own perspective . 
Example2 : " I am spiritual but not religious " :P ;) 
God created the world through HIS WORDS says Bible .. and 1st kural of Thirukural 
Eh , what's up , doc ? You can't shoot a wabbit . 
I aint upside-downy Doc , YOU are ! 
I know this defies the law of gravity , but I never studied law ! 
Believe me , Finster , this hurts you more than it does me ! 
If an interesting monster can't have an interesting hairdo I don't know what this world is coming to . - - - - - Bugs Bunny 
Those are " my " principles . If you don't like them I have " others " . ;-) 
That's All Folks ! 
Got a Labrador Female dog today :) :) :) ...... Googlin to name Her .......... Suggest a name ... She is Fully Black like a Panther ;) .... Tried calling her Inkie but lookin for a better name ...... 
This Track was composed on the famous words written by Mahakavi Bharathi 
" Ini oru vethi seyvom , 
Athai entha naalum kaapom ; 
Thani manithanuku vunavillai yennil , 
Jagathinai azhitheduvom . " 
This was composed for a small program on Bharathyar's B'day by " MEEEEEE " ;) and sung by Bhargavi ....... 
chk comment for da link to listen r download da trk ....... 
Merry Christmas every1 ... hav a blessed n happy day n year ahead ..... 
Father into your hand , i commend my spirit 
Father into your hand , why have you forsaken me , 
in your eyes forsaken me , 
in your thoughts forsaken me , 
in your heart forsaken me , ohh ! 
trust in my self righteous suicide 
i cry when angels deserve to die ; 
in my self righteous suicide , 
i cry when angels deserve to die 
" O villain , villain , smiling , damned villain ! " 
. 
'' Let me not think on't—Frailty , thy name is woman ! — 
'' What's in a name ? That which we call a rose By any other name would smell as sweet . " 
" Thou art a votary to fond desire . " 
Human Spirit cannot be paralysed . If u are breathing , U can DREAM ! -Mike Brown 
What does a man do when he doesnt have money , friend , family , etc and nothing goes the " usual way " ( means be born , grow up to b a youth , then b a responsible man and grow old etc wit a decent income) ???? 
I think they r called " natural born Philosophers " if they hav brains or " Affected with madness " :) :) 
So which 1 suites me gud ??????? 
Its time for some strings ....... here r 2 small compositions wit strings n violin 
Track name -- String Mist 
Track name -- Little Classical 
Try em ... Chk comment for da links ....... 
Ellen Berscheid and Elaine Walster ( 1969 , 1978 ) proposed the distinction between love as passion and love as friendly companionship . These authors construed passionate love as a state of total absorption between two lovers , including mood swings , intense emotions ( pleasurable and aversive ) , and obsessive thinking . 
Common simple Theory(a look back) --- Cosmetics and other make-up things r being sold for those who dont look " beautiful " naturally . 
Since its been widely used by women in the society than Men , it clearly shows who has the natural beauty . Hence Proved that Men are better lookin than any women ;-) lol :D 
One of my own favourite compositions .. 
Song's Name-Ini Marapaen .. 
Genre-Metal(in tamil-hope i hav worked to give a satisfactory composition to the qualities of a " metal thing " ) ... 
Lyrics & Mood-Depression transforming to a ___ Off attitude . ( kinda new for the " tamil song " audience , but ' there was a need to xpress n xplore ' ) .... 
Hav a Head Bang along wit da trk :) ;) :P :) 
I named this composition " Think Me Mr. Brains " ..... :P 
The melody part in da first half of tis composition in violin is accompanied by vibraphones as a backing ,,.... In da middle of the composition there is a modulation to another scale where the accompaniment becomes the melody and the melody becomes the accompaniment in that respective scale ; yet they give a whole nu texture n tune ( and Its not a Duet . ;) ;) 
Tis time for some strings ! ....... here r 2 small compositions wit strings n violin 
Track name -- String Mist ... 
Track name -- Little Classical 
Chk comment for da links ....... 
Each failure 
simply teaches one more way that won’t work , and 
guides us one step closer to success -- Thomas Edison 
“Around here , however , we don’t look backwards for very long . We " keep 
moving forward " , opening up new doors and doing new things and 
curiosity keeps leading us down new paths . ” 
–Walt Disney 
We are born naked , wet , and hungry , and get slapped on our butt ... then things get worse . :-P ;-) :-D ........ 
::: ::: ::: " TheY " say they r Dying to LiVe ::: ::: ::: " We " say LiVE today just to Die another Day ::: ::: ::: - - > Prathap Norman (~_^) (^_~) d( > w < )b 
" There must be something good in you ! " -Charlie 
" I was never good . I was GREAT . " -Madison 
" Respect the classics , man ! It`s Hendrix ! 
How 
' bout some organic fuel ? 
You know some automotive yoga can really 
lower your RPMs , Man . 
I'm tellin ' ya , man , every third blink is slower(while watching the 
yellow signal after 10PM)- Fillmore 
You buy one tire and Luigi give you 
seven snow tires absolutely free ! - Luigi 
Fillmore gets my 5 star for his performance in CARS and Luigi seconds him :P ;-) 
Pray for me ' cause I have lost my faith in holy wars 
Is paradise denied to me ' cause I can't take no more ? 
Has darkness taken over me 
Consumed my mortal soul ? 
All my virtues sacrificed 
Can Heaven be so cruel ? 
Blinded to see 
The cruelty of the beast 
Here is the darkest side of me 
The veil of my dreams 
Deceived all I have seen 
I am victim of my time 
A product of the age 
You alone are my obsession 
You were the one I left behind 
You've been heavy on my mind 
It's been a lonely road I've traveled 
Courage is the discovery that you may not win , and trying when you know you can lose ........ 
A sick n pathatic world I see all around me . I lie still , motionless n emotionless n talk n walk n be ur way . I am nobody and dont have an Identity to call who " I AM " !, i see , watch n learn frm u , i pretend to b u , BUT " I'M NEVER U " in anyway and at anytime 
Never try to teach me coz u already r doing it without ur conscience but learn 
frm ME coz u never knew that i even exist --> To : A sick n pathatic world 
SHREK : * burp * 
DONKEY : Shrek ! 
SHREK : What ? It's a 
compliment . Better out than in , I always say . Huhuh ... 
DONKEY : That is no way to 
behave in front of a princess ! 
FIONA : * burp * Thanks ! 
DONKEY : She's as nasty as you 
are ! 
SHREK : You know , you're not 
exactly what I expected . 
FIONA : Well , maybe you 
shouldn't judge people before you get to know them . 
Thinkin of which link to post here ...... think , think , think .... " BULB " !!!!!!!!! :) ;) ;) :P .. 
' bulbs ' around ma head told me to post a few small bit music today :) ..... 
Track name -Hooo Meeee Gad ( donno y i named it tat way ) 
Track name -Its Meeem ( Overdose ) 
Track name -Its Meeem ( softer ) 
Track name-NoEl ( not da christmas 1 ) 
More tracks later .... 
Chk comment for da links :) .... 
Recording dummy vox for a song ;) 
" I LOVE YOU " IS EIGHT LETTERS , SO IS " BULLS**T " :) :) :) :) LOL !!!!!! .... 
Hi all !! V the Ability Foundation are doing Mani Ratnam's " Ravanan " as a Fund Raiser , ONE DAY BEFORE THE WORLD WIDE RELEASE !! on Thursday Night 10pm at Sathyam ! Tkts are Available and are being sold at Rs . 200 , 300 and 500 !!! Plz spread the word n buy as many tkts as poss !!! Enjoy a GR8 Movie and Support the Cause !!!!! 
For further Information or Tkt Booking plz call 91760 11526 
Lord of All Creations , Lord of Heaven n Earth n below , Give me thy strength to change the things I can , thy grace to accept the 
things i cannot , and thy great big bag of money from heaven above . Amen !!!! To God be All Glory n Honor ..... 
Its a serious prayer of mine ... not a joke .... hmmmm ;-) 
....... ...... " dammit 
im mad " backwards is " dammit im mad " OHHHHH SHIIIIIIIT . <--------- " dammit im mad " ---------> You're only young 
once , but you can be immature forever . 
" A bus station is where a bus stops . A train station is where a train stops . On 
my desk , I have a work station .. " 
Talent works , genius creates . 
( i choose da second 
and that's one of the main reason , technically speaking , am " Jobless " ... : . : . : ... ;-) ... :P ... :-D ... ... ... LOLzzz !!! ) 
Nothing 
pleases me more than to go into a room and come out with a piece 
of music . - Paul McCartney & now . :: --> Prathap .. :::: .. 
;-) 
I Want To Go Back To The Time , WHEN 
> INNOCENCE Was NATURAL , Not FAKE 
> GETTING HIGH Meant On A SWING , Not PROMOTIONS 
> DRINKING Meant RASNA ORANGE , Not BEER Or WHISKEY ... 
> LOVE Was MOM HUG , Not GIRL/BOY-FRIEND 
> DAD'S SHOULDER Was The HIGHEST PLACE On Earth , Not Your DESIGNATION 
> Only Thing That Could HURT Were BLEEDING KNEES , Not The TEARS Falling Down Your Cheeks 
> GOOD-BYE Meant TILLTOMORROW Not For YEARS 
Is speechless 
Yesterday is History , Tomorrow is a mystery but today is a GIFT and thats y its called ' PRESENT ' :-) 
Happy New Year 2011 , every1 ....... :) 
As da countdown to a Perfect Dream ends 
, a Countdown to a perfect Vision Begins right now --- --- --- > > > Chennai !!! here I come again ... 
72 hours to end a dream n begin a vision :-) :-) :-) 
Is cleaning His Messy Home Finally 
Yipeee !!!! got Internet back at home ...... feeling my life come back and am Happpyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy :) 
HIGH HOPES !!! 
The day the world ends is the best day in my life .... Wish it comes at ' 2012 ' and i wish to die last after watch everybody die ... Its FUN ;) 
Some call me ' mAd sciENTisT ' and most ' or ' should i say EVERY ' some of them ' are realtime NERDS :) ... Guess wat happens when a ' mAd sciENTisT ' decides to go SoCiAl finally !!! And world knows ' mad scientists ' never cared for da out come :P ;-) 
So you caught me in this reverie , 
There at home where I could stay for hours . 
You thought I was trapped from within . 
I won't blame you , if you couldn't notice 
That my aloneness was filled 
Richer than all the madnesses and frenzies 
You all live in . The austere discomfort I am coiled in 
Beneath that hole on the ceiling 
Is a whole universe of fancies 
And the sweetest haven for heart and soul . 
Height 
of Addiction : - Just before hanging the judge asked the 
prisoner " Any last wish ??!!! " Prisoner : - " Yes I want to update 
my orkut and FACEBOOK status as ' DIED ' " !!!!! 
( Courtesy --> copied frm my sister's status msg ) :P 
I Lost my MOBILE = = = = = = = Contact me on FaceBook or orkut till i Get a new one ------ :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( 
This is Bliss , Cloud nine , Seventh Heaven , Walking on Air ..... :) -- ^ ^ -- (: 
Soldiers listen up .,. Gud composer is like a soldier who uses sniper or shotgun to finish his target after long waiting n studying , etc , etc , in a single ' click ' ... And an average composer is like a guy who uses machin gun n other guns which shoot many bullets to get just 1 target ... Its as cool as tat to understand ;) ... So soldier , where do u stand ( of course dont even think abt me , its fun ) :P ... 
I do not seek and do not intend to find 
A calmer ocean or a sun that will never rise 
My world will never change and time will bring you to my thoughts 
And i'll move on and then forget you all over again 
Moving on , i can forgive you all over again ...... 
I see trees of green , red roses too 
I see them bloom for me and you 
And I think to myself , what a wonderful world ... 
I see skies of blue and clouds of white 
The bright blessed day , the dark sacred night 
For past 3 to 4 months , everytime i look at my mobile ph for checking time , i see , 01:01 r 12:12 r 22:22 r 16:16 etc ,. Only 1s in a day or maybe not , i c numbers other than those kinda combinations . I usually go by facts , science , philosophy , psycology , metaphysics , kinda stuff , but this is makin me feel odd , wit no explanation and happening daily for past 3 to 4 months :-o 
Wat's on my mind ? ! ! ? BluE wIt a CluE 
If U See it in ur MiNd , ur going to hold it in ur HanD . : . : . : . : . : . : . : . : . : . : . Thoughts Become Things ! 
Bling Bling , Diamond Ring Ring :-) 
Nights of light so soon become 
Wild and free I can feel the sun 
Our every wish will be done 
They tell me . 
Life goes on as it never ends 
Eyes of stone observe the trends 
They never say forever gaze 
There's no where to run , 
I have no place to go 
Surrender my heart , body and soul 
How can it be you're asking me to feel 
Things you never show 
another sleepless nite , where i sit n watch the silent sky and hear the silent whisper of the nite - 
Under da same Sun -- Facts abt " music n ppl " , gud for a hearty laugh . 
There was a Pianist , he " plays " Piano . 
There was a Composer , he composes n makes ppl " perform " n " dance " to his tune .. 
Now under the same Sun I met Mr & Miss DJ , here is da conversation .... 
( Continued in the comment , chk it out .. its fun ) 
Finished Cleaning His messy room --- And now gonna clean his dirty cloths , finally , after 2 weeks ;) 
Had a nostalgic B'day yesterday with my Close friends from school whom I haven't met for last 7 years ,...., unexpected , and unplanned fantastic day .... :) 
Coming Up nEXt , video TEASER for the song Mull Pathai :) 
Finally got one of my synth serviced ..... happy morning :) 
I sent you a smiley ! Want to see it ? http://apps.facebook.com/smileycentral/go.jhtml?partner=ZNzfb008_ZRfox000 
is recording n practicing for " Carols 2010 " .... De best time of the year ..... :) Yipeeee !!!! Christmas mood's on da floor n Head ;-) 
He ( God ) saved us , not because of our righteous things we had done but because of HIS mercy . Titus 3:5 
Track Name : Ecstasy ( Instrumental ) 
Composer :D anny , Prathap . 
http://uploading.com/files/24cac9cf/Ecstasy.mp3/ 
Thank u all for ur wishes ..... :) :) :) 
Can some1 let me know if its possible to get this MIDI controller in Chennai ????? " CME UF8 USB 88 Key MIDI Controller " 
And any suggestions for a very gud 88 key MIDI controllers ? 
' PLZ let me know , am in need of one ...... 
is Xploring Reason 5 !!! :) 
I'll b offline for a week , ( Off to Madurai , maybe i'll keep updated through mobile :P ) ,.,.,. Till then " bubye " FB n friends . : . : . : . : . hav fun .... 
Never fear Shadows . They simply mean there is light shining somewhere nearby -----> Ruth Renkel . 
Christmas Decorations On the Go !!! 
Back From Madurai :) 
had a wonderful carol service at my home town today ...... Coming up nEXt " Preparations for the real Christmas " ........ ( almost done with the decorations now ) 
Today's Track ------> 
Track Name : Ecstasy 
Composed by :D anny & Prathap Norman 
hav fun !!!! 
You create your own universe as you go along ----> Winston Churchill 
Wisdom is not proven by argument or debate . Wisdom is proven over TIME . Some ppl adamantly proclaim that their opinion is best . regardless of how convincingly these ppl defend their viewpoint , TIME is the best judge of their wisdom . 
It is not the one who declares his viewpoint the most loudly r vociferously who is the wisest , but the one who is vindicated over time . 
