stressn out , feels like my world is fallin apart . things aren't what they used to be , as far as my eyes can see . 
To the people of Bend , I am now on a quest to find a better job . I wish to ask of you fellow friends to assist me , and spread the word , for I will be very grateful for your time . Thanks to you all in advance . Have a wonderful week . 
I wish I could fly , that way when there's trouble brewing I have the option of leaving whenever I please . " Can't touch me " lol . 
Ugh ! My car died today outside Salem . Fukn sux . 
Thinkin of visiting Bend this week , 4 a couple of days . Go loook 4 jobs . 
Stuck in a fast flowing river with the white rapids pushing me down under 
I'm comin to Bend 2moro . Still drivn the C.O.W. ( Couch On Wheels ) lol . 
MISS BEND ALREADY ! ahh yes , let the good times roll . lol 
Nothing like being stuck on uneven grounds with the heat beating upon you and surface below is blackening my feet . 
Currently looking for both a car and a job 
Problems come and go whether you're high in the sky or down on the flo . 
phewey ! i sure ate good last nite . slept like a bear . havnt slept that good all week . 
TrueBlood is the shiit , on HBO . lol . im gon go bonkerz if i dont c the 2nd season soon . 
those f***ing jobs are so freakn elusive these days . 
My 1994 Toyota Tercel has deceased . The Tercellerator has finally fallen . I can only wish for a car with similar values - Good Gas Mileage , Small , and Good Accelleration 
money is the biggest burden 
if anybody in bend knows of a place that is hiring please let me know . much thanks in advance 
oompa loompa , oompity doo , i smell a fungus growing on you 
Very worried about my grandpa 
i made hummus . and . it was . AWESOME ! 
If you see me online and I don't respond , I left for a little bit and went to make cookies . I'll make a new post when I'm back . Ttyl 
Day O ! 
feelin stressed , shades of red n shades of blue 
Got Tickets 4 Grouch Concert !!!! 
made eggplant parmesan casserole , it was gooooooood ! 
I . made . ' bout 3 pounds of hummus . it . was . really good . goes . well . w almost anything . got . reserves . for home . and this party 2moro . hope all enjoy . my hummus . 
standing on hollow grounds w/ no clear path 
IT'S ALIVE !!! HAHAHAHA ! Tercel once again runnin , but smoother . 
life is like an avalanche sometimes . 
really frustrated w how this year turned out 
like a tree w/o roots , on which grounds does it stand ? and for how long ? 
~ You dropped your fortune cookie . Says your shit out of luck ~ 
alllllllrighty then !!!! my cookies are baking right now , n there gon be gooooooood ! hehehe 
emptiness can be very discouraging , like a pond w/ no inhabitants 
~ Don't take your guns to town ~ 
~ Go ahead , make my day ! ~ 
If I could fly , I would be coming your way If I could fly , I would be with you night and day If I could fly , I would be sayin ' Hey Hey Hey 
looks like 2010 may be my lucky year 
Have a bellylaughing holiday and a spontaneous new years day , everybody ! 
7 Days 
soooo yeeeaah , almost my bday . im doin the countdown . huh , wat should i do in the nex 4 days ? hmmmmm . ~ thoughts brewing ~ 
Doin the countdown 4 my bday , 20 days im 21 years 
Daaaaaaaaaaaaaaammmmmmmmmnnnnn ! why , oh why , can't i sleep at night ? 
Just chillaxn hardasfuck , n im here in bend 4 one more nite ! yeeeee ! lol . 
who r u ? WaT r U ? wHy R u HeRe ? WAT R U DOING ?! . . . . . . . lol . jk . 
~ No More Court Shiit ~ yippeeeeeee ! 
My 21st BDay is in 8 days !! Yippeee ! 
type in your name at urbandictionary.com n c wat u get 
~ discouraged and very anxious ~ 
Getn new car soon , yippeee ! 
So excited about my new car ! Gpa , I miss ya mann . Say hi to Zephyr 4 me , would ya ? 
The BDay , 21st , here we go ! 
~ Sigh ~ speeding ticket last nite , if only i could go back time and choose a different path . 
~ sigh ~ 
Laptop now fixed , now i'm gonna download my music all over again . lol . 
~ Discouraged n Stumped ~ 
~ Say goodbye to a tangerine sky , Say hello say hello to tomorrow , When you say goodbye to a tangerine sky , You lose your pain , lose your fear , lose your sorrow ~ 
~ Who let the pigs out ?! ~ 
Can't wait to have a job and find my own place . 
" Break on through to the other side " 
lease is coming up soon ( March ) , wanna move out of crappy apt , lookn 4 roomie to move in with . 
lately , iv felt 2 drained 2 do almost anythn , even driving . ugh . 
sumwat feelin betr , the sun is actually showing up nowadays . 
2day started out terrible , ended up just nice . 
tired of this long goose chase 4 that one othr . got gps ? haha 
emptiness can be a real pain 
really grinds my gears when people start shit w othrs . y cant people just f***ing chill out ? 
just 5 days n this month is over . n hello to 1st days of goin 2 college aftr almost 3 years . 
actually im more excited about getn new cash to go spend on sum baseball gear . anybody down 4 sum baseball ? 
i hope i find a legit place in portland 2 move to . 
looking 4 3rd person to move to portland with . any1 interested ? 
ugh , havn such a stressful evening , n im stuk here at the apt w no gas . f *** 
jobs jobs jobs , where r u ? 
got hit by a car last night . the d *** brat just took off n there i was severely confused n pisd off . yet i managed to walk away w no broken bones . 
ugh , 2day is turnin out to be very stressful :( 
can't wait to move to portland ! 
dunt dunt . dunt dunt . dunt dunt . dunt dunt dunt dunt . du na na na . dunt dunt dunt . CHOMP ! lol . 
can't wait to move out of my apt . 
ugh ! bn sick sux , wish i could just think it away . lol . 
so close to the end of march , apt lease is almost up . n so much more . 
went jobhuntn 2day , no leads . this sux . good grief , guess i'll try 2mo . 
went jobhuntn 2day , had 4 leads . niice 
goin to beach 4 a few days . cant wait to walk along the shore n relax on the sand . 
2day i head home from the beach . just hope its not rainy when i get there , whch of course it probably will be . 
much to do in nex few weeks , cleanin n findn a new place to move to . any buds out there wanna point me in the direction ? 
s.o.b. im getn sick . sore throat , upset stomach , n runny nose . why , oh why , is everyone around me getn sick all of the sudden ? s *** 
can't wait to move n get settled again . 
stressn . findn a new place to move to , n findn a frkn job at the same time . 
ugh ! my car is in need of an expensive fix . talkn bout 700 dolla , n it sure pains me to keep borrowing money from my folks . 
waking up in bad mood is nevr fun , hopefully sometime soon 2day the stress will be done 
so my car is in shop getn fixd , im stranded at my apt 4 wknd . sounds fun huh ? ~ yeah right ~ 
been eatn good these last few days , yummy yum yum . got 2 chefs cookn in my kitchen rite now ! yeee ! hahaha 
ok , so im soooo hookd on this saints row 2 . time 2 get somthn else 2 do , oh , haha , jobhuntn . duh ! daaaaaammmmnnnn ! lol . 
Looking for a room in Bend . any leads , anybody ? 
Shit happens 
OMG ! i'm getn my apt in less than 2 days . . . . yeeeeeaaahh ! nex 2 a frikn cemetary , haha . 
bday is in 8 days . wat am i doin ? not sure yet . guess i'll just go to bald peak to sit there n ponder . 
Riders on the storm , riders on the storm 
Into this house we're born , into this world we're thrown 
Like a dog without a bone , an actor out on loan 
Riders on the storm 
My Cougar killed it's 1st deer today . Am i happy about it ? hmmm , not really . 
Attention to my fellow bend people , i'm now looking for a room-mate 
Got my new hood today , doesn't match , but it's an awesome green tho ! lol . 
not gone out of his mind , yet 
Beyond the horizon of the place we lived when we were young 
In a world of magnets and miracles 
Our thoughts strayed constantly and without boundary 
The ringing of the division bell had begun 
yesterday i spent a good deal of my time dealing w/ a lot of shit . . . . . literally . hahaha ! dem gardens n their shit cravings . 
OMG ! ThE sOcK gNoMeS r raiding my socks once again ! AaAaH ! lol . 
west side , lookn 4 rooms west side , holla out if u got leads 
~ In this bright future you can't forget your past ~ 
feelin sick , upset , and down . wanna escape , but where 2 ? 
gon learn how to snowboard this wknd , at mt bachelor . 
i had steak 4 breakfast 2day 
Out of town for 3 weeks . out of the states for 2 weeks . where ? costa rica 
Yeeee ! Can't wait till summer ! 
Picture yourself in a boat on a river 
With tangerine trees and marmalade skies 
Somebody calls you , you answer quite slowly 
A girl with kaleidoscope eyes 
well , it is almost official . i'm almost a le cordon bleu student . just got to get a copy of my hs diploma for college n 2 months to pass n im there . yippee ! 
Phone was stolen . Need contacts . Any buddies wanna help me out with that ? 
feelin betr , FiNaLlY . . . . tea is good . 
the anxiety . how it creeps . around every corner . in my own shadow . 
ugh ! i can't get my f***in hs diploma mailed to me b4 january . n i need it sooner . nhs n jostens are like a broken watch that doesn't f***in tick anymo . 
~ Money , it's a crime , Share it fairly , But don't take a slice of my pie ~ 
got a job . for a month . but it's ok . cuz im still getn paid . ka-ching . hehehe . 
eating carrots . . . . want one ? 
it bugs me how i can't shake away these stressors that cling to me . 
Back from Costa Rica . Back in Bend 2mo . Whaaaaasssssuuuuuuup !!? 
hmmm , may hav to cancel my campn trip in bend . bummmerrrr . 
Ughhh , my right ear hurts . ear drum is all whack . n it's getn even HOTTER down here in CR . DAAAAMMNNNN ! 
Back in the valley for good . what up homies ?! 
never run on wet n muddy grass . just did that . slipd n fell . raspberry n temp hurt leg that hurts like a BITCH . 
some people have a real knack for yelling all the f***ing time , how very annoying it is . yet , sometimes i cant help but yell back at them . ugh . 
can't wait to move my shiit to the westdside ! no more daily crosstown adventures , yeeeeeeee ! 
gon play some disc golf 2day , in mac . 
I've been roaming around , I was looking down at all I see 
Painted faces fill the places I can't reach 
You know I could use somebody 
talk about a hectic night . my car died on the road while on the way to drop my bud off on the hill . . . daaaaang ! 
so . . . . i'm looking for a chill place over by westside bend to move into , by the 1st of august . sooner the better . any helping hands ? 
For those who don't have their head full of snow read my new poem . 
if only i can get my hands on a gorilla costume and go play frothing in it while the boys n gals shout , " OMG ! I FOUND SASQUATCH ! " . . . . hahahahaha 
ugh , i may not be able to afford paying back my loans 4 LCB . should i join the army reserve ? 
new month , folks in costa rica very soon , wat next ? heartbeat casserole ? haha 
saw myself walk out the door this morning , yet i am still here waiting for me to come back . 
planning on saving up some cash for this coast2coast road trip w a few homies of mine . 
my bro is bn a slob , this ought to change . can't be lvn w a 24/7 mess . 
how ' bout dem carrots , how ' bout dem mocking parrots ? 
some good ' ol eyes , to see dem pretty colors in the skies 
People are strange when you're a stranger 
Faces look ugly when you're alone 
Women seem wicked when you're unwanted 
Streets are uneven when you're down 
got a great job i love . 10.50 /hour . so easy . chill boss . how can it get better ? oh , if it wasnt temporary . yeah . 
tryn to liv life at the fullest , while tryn to get settld in at my new place . still totally clutterrd , daaaammnnnn ! 
just a few nights ago i found myself splitn a fight between 2 drunk fellos , my best friend , n this othr guy who crossd the line . no bullshit . 
gon wash/wax my car this wknd w my buddy this wknd , yeeeaaaah ! haha . this cougar needs a good cleanin ' up . 
patisserie and baking , can't wait to get started , start jan 4th 
goin to bend in a couple of days . need a lil vacation . 
ugh , my washer is fukd up . my cats are pissing on all the blankets n furniture . laundry is adding up n the manager is hiding out , makin it impossible to reach her . so frikn frustrated . hella stressd out 
okay , beer should NOT be a pancake ingredient . me n my 2 buds , dennis n mike , just tried that . no go . now beer is a great ingredient 4 ONION RINGS , YEEEAAH ! haha 
thinkn bout goin chef style . yes , that's right . thnkn bout le cordon bleu . cross ur fingaz pls 
made a super duper good banana bread 2nite , 2 bad it won't last long until its all gone . 
fuuuuuck , i hate bein sick . hope i feel better 2mo cuz this is really crampn my style 4 miles . 
i can't wait to till get studs for my car cuz i really wanna visit bend soon 
got accepted at Le Cordon Bleu , advancing further . yippeeee 
it's funny how dogs pronounce rum better than cats do . 
beers r all fun n games . then later on u or sum1 else cant keep their head on str8 . 
mr. job , get ur ass over here in oregon . 
When you up all night 
You see things you shouldn't have saw 
Because the night gets raw 
Drama is thicker than Skippy's peanut butter 
Imagine the worried thoughts of a young man's mother 
Feelin's empty , Love don't live here anymore 
Awake like an owl at a quarter to four 
Don't blink , a Caddy just ran a red light 
Bumpin ' thug life , and I blend with the night 
if u were to go back 3 years and change 1 thing , what would it be ? 
shit happens . and it sticks around for u 2 enjoy . cuz shit happens 
got my lil bro 2 games of the year , Black Ops and Halo Reach . he sure is stoked to hav them , mmkay 
might join the army . any thoughts ? 
hmmm , i wonder if i should camping in bend during spring break . . . 
so , lcb is no longr in my future . oci seems to be a better bet . 
if i could fly , i would fly to the southern hemisphere 
lease is up in 2 months , hope i can find a house withn my price range , sumwer in portland or close to portland . 
life is a like a dense forest , stray too far off the path n ur f***ing lost . 
ugh , my train of thought is on crazy tracks right now cuz i cant keep up w it . 
shiit , now im broke . it's def time to get a job . plus its sumthn to do , bored 2 tears over here . 
navy or marines ? let me ponder on that one . . . mmkay 
monday , time for jobhuntn . from mac 2 newberg . wish me luck 
it's v-day , wat am i doin ? nothn . boring holiday 4 me 
jobs are poppin up , im feelin more optimistic , cant wait to get some xtra ka-ching in my pockets . 
My laptop is getting fixed . replacing broken screen 
