Q . Why are some people so ignorant ? I honestly feel embarrassed for them . 
Take my quiz but don't take the results too seriously . . . It is for entertainment purposes only . 
Got any funny or embarrassing period stories ? 
Argh why is it when daddy is away the children will drive me insane !!!!! Little Schala just keeps screaming for her daddy and there is no consoling her . . . . 
I'm going to bed I swear ! 
I feel a whole lot better and my hair doesn't look that bad ( Its Beiberesce ) . I watched Comedy Central and had an awesome day with my wonderful children who think I am beautiful no matter what . :) 
I cannot wait til the midnight showing of Deathly Hallows ! I will have my wand at the ready . (: 
Thought of the day : If your actions are just there is no need to justify them . Second thought : If you are a good person ; the opinions of others is irrelevant 
May fleets of fairies wisk me away tonight , Happy Night <3 
What an exhausting day so tired need to relax !!!!! 
I gotta go to the grocery store . 
is lonely because old fart Scott went to bed as soon as I got home ..... :( 
is thinking about maybe going home early . . migraine :/ 
So so much to do today ! I gotta wait until the Dish Network guy shows up though ... Good riddance Comcast ! 
why does facebook allow me to see the posts of people that haven't accepted my friend request ? this is puzzling me . 
One more sleep til I can get into my new place ! 
Anyway have a wonderful day everybody <3 
Coming down with a dry cough better take it easy this weekend . 
Mado kara soto o mite tara ... 
Whoo hoo Its been snowing all night and now there is a two hour delay !!!!! Never been so excited !!!! 
homework , more homework , wish me luck . 
time to get to it . have an awesome day everyone . 
I went out with a zombie vampire ( Dante ) , Joker ( Doug ) , Fairy Princess ( Keili ) , Jack Sparrow ( Andrew ) , and The Wicked Witch of the East ( Schala ) . What a night got tons of candy to check for razor blades and poison ;) ;) Goodnight my loves <3 
I expect nothing from any of you so I hope the same courtesy will be extended to me . I really think it's insolent to friend someone and then delete them because they didn't meet your expectations . 
Will this day please get to the good part already ? 
My life is as complicated as it gets but I wouldn't have it any other way . I love you all goodnight ! 
I love my baby <3 
is just in the best mood ever !!! I <3 U !!!!!!! 
Went to lab this morning and had fun debating about religion with one of my fellow classmates . I lover her ! She's so cute and funny ... if only I could remember her name ... wow I'm terrible LOL 
O.k. so I don't know how it happened but hopefully everyone else gets a better result on the quiz I made . . wtf ? Sorry babe you are so not a butt stain of humanity . 
Wakarimasen ! I do not understand ! 
I know this is weird and very lame but .. I have always wondered what would happen if I stuck gum in my eye ...................... 
Adam Sandler marathon today ! What an interesting range of imagination he has ! 
Argh I'm a pirate .. no actually I feel shark week coming soon ... Quick Tristy comment something smart assy and sarcastic to cheer me up . :) Others apply as well :) 
................................... 
Wants more precipitation 
" I'm missing you ; you know I'm such a fool for you . You've got me wrapped around your finger . Did you have to let it linger ? " 
Good evening and good night . 
I am at peace and now I just cannot wait until I get into my own place and can make new happy memories and put that nightmare behind me . I <3 U All !!!!!! 
I am soo tired and somewhat frustrated . I can't think of a topic for my 5 pg research paper . Nothing about interpersonal communications is very interesting except for reading body language ... everyone else's topic .... :/ 
well its been a long grueling day , the air conditioning was broken at CNM and since I walk so much I got a great workout and sweat my lil buns off . I'm ready for swimsuit season !!! 
I had a lot of fun on my field trip today !... Now I'm totally pooped ... 
Is it better to talk about things or to try to forget about them ? 
I sprain my ankle pretty good yesterday but it's o.k. Maybe it's my body protesting all the walking I have to do all the time . Time for a break . Have a fun and safe weekend everyone !! 
just playing the Mama No No game with my baby . Lots of fun ! She is a wondrous , militant midget . She loves giving corporal punishment and she is a nudist ! Wow this is starting to sound like a Fem Dom Ad on Craigslist . * awkward pause * Do you have a nudist child in the family ? If so please let me know what you do to keep them dressed . Thank You . 
Ohayo Gozaimasu 
She's o.k. phew ! 
Page of Pentacles 
An ambitious young man who desires prosperity . Drawing to you what you wish to manifest in your life . Getting things underway . Meeting your success halfway through hard work . Increasing your cash flow . Be careful of too much daydreaming . A solution you have been seeking is in front of you or on the way . Perhaps you are putting too much emphasis on one thing . 
So how was your day ? 
I am super dee duper excited !!!! I get to see my new apartment this Friday !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Whooop hooooooooo !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
When is it o.k. to be a racist ? If its against your own kind ? If its against everyone equally ? I say its never o.k. to be a racist but unfortunately its a cold hard reality that I have been faced with these past four years . I'll show them the folly of their ways with my stand up .. oh yes I will . 
I have all this pent up creative energy and I need a new outlet .... any suggestions ? I was thinking about trying my hand at play writing . 
Floop ! I just realized I am going to be here sitting on the floor till 11:30 ... buns don't fail me now ! 
what a morning ! eggs , bacon , toast ... now I'm full back to bed ... 
Things are finally settling down a bit phew !!! I'm feeling pretty lonely today though . 
Sheesh my sanity is completely spent today ... Who wants to kidnap me for a few tomorrow ? 
Yahooo Mountain Dew !!! 
Which Will Ferrell Character Are You ? -- My Result : Buddy . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/227770/referrals/status?aid=100001184005182 
Goodmorning loved ones <3 
I'll be o.k. even if it kills me . 
Dinner . 
Is currently in possession of a cute , tight , little kitten and is not afraid to use it !!!!!! 
I really hate passive-aggressive people ... Dude you said you had no expectations of our relationship being more than just friends ... you kissed me and I pushed you away ... now you are going to be a freaking Jerk ?!! WTF Why can't any man in my life be honest ?! 
Going to the store with a cranky baby 
I missed you all so much ! What is a happenin Hot Stuff ? 
I used to be a Pisces but now I'm an Aquarius . Did your sign change too ? http://huff.to/fFj6fe 
hahahahahahahaha !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Happy Halloweekend ! 
Is here .. be afraid , be very scared and the like ;) 
The cable guy finally showed !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Food !!!!! 
Do not take the last quiz I made . It apparently has been infected by some internet hacker . WTF ! 
I just made the most interesting tacos ever invented ! Ground beef , taco shell , soft cream cheese , hot sauce and spanish rice Yum ! 
And now on to better things :) 
What a wonderful day ! There were a few oh dear moments but it all worked out perfectly 
I really love my life . Even through all the stress and chaos I can honestly say that I wouldn't trade mine for anyone else's . The only thing I wish is that everyone else could/would be as happy . <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 
Better go get some Midol today :) 
At the play park with my five children and my best friend Wemek . 
In my new apartment now and a lot of work still need to be done still . I may or may not be on face book for a while because my internet wont be hooked up 
hates it when it takes hours to come up with an original username . . I always end up with something like Fartbuttboogerbrain ... 
Stress and so many things I do not want to do . Why is it so hard to be productive in the summer ? 
This storm is really scary . 
I forgot to shave my legs oops ! Its a good thing that my leg hairs are blonde and sparse ... ;o ) 
is speechless in New Mexico . 
Good night I am so so tired . 
Wow my place is so empty and quiet right now that I can actually hear the leaves hit the ground . 
I made it ! This is turning out to be a great day ! 
Doing homework Have a great day everyone <3 
isn't Comcast supposed to be good internet service ? I feel like I'm back in the stone age using dial-up . . . so frustrating . 
Can't login to my second life .... 
Back to class 
To the man who so rudely yelled WHATEVER to me after I politely thanked him for calling me beautiful : What do you want a medal ? Or did you want me to also state the obvious and You are ugly ? If you want more than a polite thank you from somebody , come up with something intelligent , witty , or just plain ask how they are doing . How could anyone expect anything more than thank you for such a petty compliment ?! 
Goodnight facebook friends tomorrow is another day . 
<--- Loose Cannon 
8 years ago today I gave birth to my first child on my living room floor ! I love you my beautiful Keili Lady !! <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 
Off to take my Spanish test . . wish me luck ! 
Oh Toshperiod0 how you make my heart smile on a Tuesday night . :P 
can't sleep 
Decisions , decisions . Why is there always so many ? 
Has anyone else's facebook broke out all of their memorable stories from 2010 ? hahaha that was fabulous ! Oh and my math class was cancelled again ! 
cant take a fricken good profile pic !! 
A Quick Shout out about my sister Linsey getting married today . Hopefully he's a good one because he hasn't passed my inspection yet . R.I.P. Nate Demille a.k.a Uncle Nate , you are sorely missed but eternally loved <3 
It is an inferno outside ! 
o.k. back to testing LOL bad Stephie !!!! 
" Somewhere over the rainbow " ... 
at school dreading her next class * horror music ensues * 
Good Lovin Night <3 Smell you all later ! :) 
Where did winter go ? 
I feel a lot better and most of my kids do too . Now hopefully tonight I can get an entire night of uninterrupted sleep . Hahaha It's only 1:40 p.m. and all I can think about is sleep ! 
Have a great rest of the day loves .. time to jump in the shower finally ... :/ ;) 
I would really love to be in bed with Scott right now !!!!!! 
is ready for her new life . 
I cannot wait to be with my family ! 
Had so much fun today at the park with the coolest people I know . 
I solemnly swear that I am up to no good - J.K.R 
be lovable , if you aren't then don't expect me to love you . 
And he is ok too 
My papers are written and ready for print . Ch 4 homework done . Priceless !!! 
Helena Bonham Carter is the sexiest woman alive ! <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 
Some things never change and neither do some people ... not sure what to make of that . Happy Thursday Everyone <3 
I'm here * scary jaws music ensues * 
how is it that one can be so lonely with five children ? Scott wont be coming home tonight :( . . . Oh well at least he's making $ doing something he loves . I Love You Scott Thomas Young !!! 
is sooo glad to be outta class !!! 
So glad my Scottie too hottie is home !!!! 
Wow what an eerie feeling storm clouds can create after I watch Poltergeist .. la la la la la la la la la . 
How does anyone ever really know what is good for them ? I think things out logically and I see what doesn't work but I sometimes do it anyway . How can I get past my emotions so that I can have the most out of life ? Am I entitled to HAVE and EXPRESS my feelings ? Why can't I just be an efficient machine with no feelings ? 
I just found out that my friend Ana had her baby !!!!!!!!! Yay hopefully helping her out will help me with my baby hungriness . 
everything is going to be o.k. today . . . even if right now all you see is trouble and there is a storm in the horizon , my love for you will see us through . Lets hang in there today <3 
life is goood . . just saying . . 
Good Morning ................................. Wake up Steph ! * shakes head * 
Ahh floop ................................... 
has the coolest class with the funniest teacher !!! I love it !! 
My long lost sl son Wemek came over today !!! What an awesome way to start my day <3 
I don't need the government keeping tabs on me . 
Life is sometimes scary and crazy because of all the fear that gets sold to those who will buy it . However , I am not afraid ; I cannot afford to be . There is a phenomenal price persons to have fear in their lives . Let's boycott FEAR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
YaY my shipment came in Whoo hoo ! 
Just waiting in the long lines at the book store . 
thinks its so cute to hear her Schala bear say " Mommy , daddy , uh oh ! " 
Happy Father's day to the most awesome men in the world !!!!!!!! 
Is the Nerd Avenger . 
goodnight <3 
Holy freaking Red Eyes Batman ! I barely got a wink of sleep ! Oh and I can smell my neighbors latest catch ... * face turns green * Hopefully he doesn't have any more large stinky fish to show me !!! Have a nice day Everybody ! <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 
this song keeps popping into my head : There is beauty all around when there's love at home ... 
I don't know why but I have had a long running love affair with bubblicious buble gum . 
until the 14th 
While I was growing up my parents always made sure that I knew that things were make-believe ( Not Real ) , such as the Easter Bunny , Tooth Fairy , Santa Claus etc . Why now are they offended that I don't believe God ?! Is it really going to kill them ? 
I gotta pick up kids from school do one more chapter of math homework .. then I get to go shopping ! 
Goodnight my beloved facebook friends <3 
the jokes are on me today ... literally I'm paying :) 
Wow life just keeps happening today ha ha :) come on body mind grant the strength I so desperately need ! 
I can't wait until Wednesday ! <3 <3 <3 Eclipse <3 <3 <3 
Soo happy today <3 
Class was cancelled this morning . Oh well there's always tomorrow . :) 
Is watching Cursed 
I know that I am a total dweeb .. but I would just like to thank all of my facebook friends for being there for me .. I love you friends . 
I get in trouble with a different person every time I make a quiz . . When will I learn !!!!! Take my quiz but remember its only for entertainment purposes only . 
I wont put up with miserable people anymore . If you are one of them stand warned . I deserve every happiness that this universe has to offer . Thanx Joe you helped me feel better as always . 
While you scream at your woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper in her ear . While you humiliate , offend , and insult her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how beautiful she is . While you hurt her , there's a man wishing he could take her pain away . While you make her cry , there's a man stealing smiles from her . -Thanks Bobbie 
Alien babies , gaping river-like holes in the sky , glad to be awake at home right now . 
" It's not delivery " [ ... ] 
I enjoyed some much needed retail therapy today and now I should retire to the couch to " cuddle " with my Scott . 
is sweaty and sweaty . 
My pillow is no longer a virgin and neither is my puppy Honey Bear . 
Mil you made the top of my overall list :P 
Love my family <3 
good night my face case land ... 
really cannot discriminate because humans are my favorite animal :) 
what an eventful day ! things are a little awkward in my English class now but oh well ! 
Its already scorching outside and it is only 7am in the morning ! 
If all the world is a stage .. I wonder what part I will play today ? 
Does anyone know if there is a new Southpark or has the season already ended ? 
I feel lucky finally a cold class to wake up in 
Can anyone send me some stamina for my School of Wizardry game ??? Pwease !!!!!!!!!! 
it is a tad bit nippley at school today .... 
I got a new cell ! <3 <3 <3 
Good night <3 <3 <3 
Update on the dead body smell : After noticing that the smell was still there I did call police to report it ... its still there and now there is a nasty brown ooze splatter on the sidewalk .... It boggles the mind . 
hopefully I get everything done today . 
Finals week is coming ! 
I wonder what could possibly make this day any better than it already is ?... 
Wow there is so much traffic out here . What is going on Albuquerque ? 
says to self .. " Just what are you doing out of bed young lady ! " 
ugh roadblock ! 
Painfully bloated . Yes its shark week . :( 
Good morning Face cases 
So tell me guys .. why is there usually a hidden sexual agenda when you help a lady out ? Why does there usually have to be some kind of unwanted advance just because you helped ? I do not know why . I help out people all the time with no expectation ... This bugs ... 
Does anyone know how to edit your fb bookmarks ? It sorta peeves me that it has bookmarked all these applications that I have used a couple of times .. and I can't bookmark the things I really want to now . Wow I'm a nerd . Morning everyone . 
my heart is healing thanx to all of my friends <3 
Wow soo many messages ! Sorry if I can't answer or get to all of them just know that you are loved <3 
Albuquerque is ruthless !!!! I just got caught in a rain/hale storm and as I waited for the bus . . the drivers played splash the pedestrian and sped up as they passed me . . . . 
Time to get to bed got school tomorrow . Kisses <3 Goodnight 
is getting sleepy very sleepy . . 
In order to move through things or to move things with your mind , no meditation or concentration is needed . Awareness is key , awareness of the state of all matter at all times in its fluctuation between existing and not existing . 
The eldest are the wise in experience and observation . The plasticity of the youth is wisest . I learn so much from my children . 
last time shaving my armpits ! I want to swing from my armpit hair ropes like Timmy's mom in Fairly Odd Parents . ;) 
Soo Freakin Hungry !!! Give me meat or give me death !!! 
Have any of my friends ever fallen in love with someone who lives countries away , you don't know their real name , and you haven't ever really seen any real pictures of them ( that you know of ) ... This is freaky ! 
still speechless mostly ........ 
I am mobile 
has already had some really awkward moments today ! Why do some men act so creepy about a girl eating a hot dog ? " So you enjoying that hot dog ? " I though that guy wanted to suck the hot dog off my teeth ... 
I really hate it when I am talking to someone on the phone and they hand over the phone to someone else without warning me ! I always say the most humiliating things to total strangers ! Ah well :/ 
just did a sideways mental maneuver ... 
I am worn out ! Goodnight all you lovely face cases :) 
Shark week . 
likes " If you don't have anything nice to say ; don't say anything at all . " 
I can't wait until my man is home !!! These children are crazy !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
sooo smooth ! 
Good morning ! Has any of you read Sophocles play Antigone ? If so please let me know your thoughts on the subject . 
Night 
O.k. , I've done enough damage here today for now ... Later prepare for birthday girl updates as my youngest turns 2 ! Happy Birthday Schala ! 
I love you all , I really do . Please do not tag me in any photos or videos and please do not add me to your group . 
Just three more sleeps until Halloween ! I cannot wait ! 
Today has the makings of an interesting day . . whoa where is all this strange energy coming from ? I'm dizzy with it :) 
has had the best time ever at her neighbor's reception !!!! Bud Light !!!!!! 
twists , turns and tunnels -- One must navigate to be respected . I'll find it but until I do--I'm good with what I have . I have ! 
I love you ! 
Good morning everyone . I get to shop for my daughters birthday tomorrow ! Happy birthday to my beautiful and wonderful Keili ! 
I haven't really thought about any New Year resolutions but it doesn't matter because things just keep getting better all the time . I hope all of my friends experience this as well this new year !!!! I love you guys and gals <3 
says ... no seriously stop popping into my head naked !!! 
So confused ! 
You want to know what is on my mind Facebook ? Trust me , you don't want to know what is on my mind ! 
Just takin care of business :P Have a great one <3 
I just thought of the best invention in the world !!! Turd-shaped chocolate -- For the person you love to hate ! It could come in a brown paper bag with flames painted on it !!! Genius ! 
What a day ! What a long long day . A good one but I'm looking forward to tomorrow . Last day of this semester !!!!!!! Yay ! Wish me luck on my finals :) 
registering for next semester !!! 
thppppp ! :P 
What to do what to do ???? Laundry ! Got plenty of that . :) 
Went to the doctor today and now I get to see a specialist for my arthritis . 
Does anyone know if finger prints grow back ? I have been using a stretch mark eraser cream and now my finger prints are practically gone along with my stretch marks ... 
Snow snow snow lightening and snow dooby dooby dah dye wow 
Time to relax !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
something seems very interesting today ... a welcome familiar energy radiates through me ! :) 
Hace mucho calor . 
Loving the Daily Show right now ! :D 
wtf Maggie ! I thought you were already on my friends list ! That's what I get for thinking ... 
I got an A in lab ! 
goodnight facebook <3 
Some have the tools but lack the talent ; lucky you if you have both . 
So the mystery of the dead body smell has finally been put to rest : Apparently someone left the apartment a while back and they had animals that they cruelly left to die there . Poor dead bunnies ! 
Time to write papers and study ........................! 
what a day ............ time to relax . 
Next time I need to test at school ... way way too many distractions ... I don't know that I'll ever finish :( 
It's going to be a wonderful , beautiful day !!!!!! <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 
My honey's farts don't stink .... just thought you'd want to know . 
I am having the best day ever already !!! 
I missed a call from my mom today ... I miss her . I love you mommy ! <3 
I <3 Rain 
Soo much to do so little time I need to go to bed but there is monsters under there ;) 
I really appreciate all of your input my lovely friends ....... but the post must go . * delete chk chk * 
may not be the sanest person but , at least that can be counted on . 
I just noticed that I have freckles on my legs ahhh ! 
is running a fever and can't drink or breathe without gagging . When I stand it feels like my internal organs want to fall out my anus . Come on does anybody have a diagnosis ? I don't like going in unless its serious . Does this sound serious ? I don't trust myself right now . I may be a bit delirious . 
Why does facebook need my credit card # ? 
Almost home 
<3 Good night <3 
Forks in the road : One leads the way home , the other to an uncertain path . Decisions decisions . 
I get to see my bff !!!!! Whoo super dee duper excited !!!! 
Happy Friday the 13th !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Whooooo time to party !!!!!!!!!!!! School is out for Summer !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
<3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 
thinks it's a good idea to study it , know it , be aware of it . After you've had your fill if you still can't deviate a little and do what actually works for you ... you've missed the Whole point . " To thine own self be true " -WS 
You know what ? I'm so freakishly happy in my life right now and I hope everyone else is as well !!!!!!!!!!!! I LOVE YOU ALL !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
O.k. I am floored , my neighbors who have snubbed me for the past year that they have lived here ( even went as far as pretending not to speak English ) have invited me to their baby's baptism . I now feel obligated to buy them something or do something .... What should I do ?! Help ! 
I can't wait for finals week to be over ! I've already got a huge finals zit on my face to prove it . :) 
" Alright alright it was the best nap ever ! " -Ross 
No matter what , I always just am a good human . Goodnight my lovely friends <3 
is an alien . 
One assignment down one to go . 
I have been trying to hide the fact that I am blonde for far too long .. time to come out of that closet !!! 
Hey man I was nice enough to accept your friendship request . I guess you expected more than that .. Oh well . :) 
All of the children are up-to-date on their shots !!!! 
What a morning ! So glad its over . I still should delete my fb account because I seem to have no restraint what-so-ever . 
It is a very beautiful day in Albuquerque and I can't wait to get out in it !!!!! Have a wonderful day persons of Facebook . :) <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 
No more dog for me ... I have enough on my plate to try and train a stubborn pup . He also chewed on my satellite or internet cable .. not sure which . :/ Now to get rid of him ... any ideas ? Oh and no barbecue ideas . 
the nerve and the nerves ... 
I got a lot done today . So not doing anything strenuous tomorrow . 
I was way too productive today .. ugh . Soo flipping tired right now .. I will be back in black I promise just need to catch a few ZZZzZZzZZZzZz Goodnight ! 
Page of WandsLearning and travel . An industrious young man full of ideas for new projects and enterprise . Youth given to action . Enthusiasm for the new . Fiery energy for the latest thing . An intelligent youthful boy . A young person full of energy that needs an outlet for his ideas . Creativity that needs focusing . A self-indulgent young person . Vigor and vitality . 
" Wake me up when September ends " 
Is watching Bill & Ted's excellent adventure while doing her math homework ! Totally radical ! 
Has anyone ever friended you just so they could revenge delete you ???? !!!!!! 
The weekend is calling me . Have a good one everyone . 
" Taco , taco , burrito , taco , taco , taco flavored kissies " -Cartman's hand as J Lo . 
My whole day has been waiting torture . I almost want to just say that I cannot wait for this day to be over . 
chest pain :( 
What a day of pure awesomeness this has been ! My heart fills with joy each day just knowing that everything is in my control finally ! <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 
tried to delete my facebook account but .. here I am still Ahhhhhhh ! 
I'm not ready for my classes tomorrow ... I better go get some textbooks today . 
One more class to go . There is a huge amount of excited energy here today and I can't wait to get back here on Thursday ! WoW I'm a total dork ! 
Gotta love my life !!!! 
It is raining ! (: 
The Hierophant ReversedUnorthodox behavior or attitudes . No connection to fellow man . Inability to see big picture . Disrespect for partnerships and counsel of those trying to help . Rejection of religion and congregation . Desire to lead one's life without benefit of wisdom and counsel of others . Desire to remain unattached . No desire to be taught or to teach others . 
<---- Queen of Swords : A woman that considers only the absolute truth of a situation without regard to mitigating circumstances . A quick , decisive woman . Able to understand motives behind others ' thinking . A candid , frank person , often at the expense of others ' feelings . An irreverent woman who makes others laugh . One may not always agree with this woman , but her wisdom is absolute ! 
Is way out numbered right now ;o ) 
kids in bed now I can relax ! 
I got my laptop working again . :) 
Tosh . 0 my favorite show next to Southpark . 
Wow this day has certainly been challenging . I really hope that I can be at my best tomorrow ... those cats are crazy oh and the kids too . :) 
The future looks bright on my end ... Hope it looks as great foe everyone else ! 
I still feel the glow .... 
My new apartment is going to be great ! I absolutely cannot wait to move in next week !!!! 
I am enjoying me some beets with melted butter , vinegar and salt . 
is the Labyrinth ! 
Oh dear my son just mooned everyone LOL 
terdlets are asleep yay ! 
is sooo lonely right now ! 
I get to move into my new place today !!!! 
Goodnight , I hope everyone has the sweetest of dreams . 
is soo worried right now . Scott's mom is in the hospital 
Facebook is no bueno anymore !!! LOL I cant see any older posts ... 
What a beautiful day it is in Albuquerque 
Very little has my true affection . I have a ginormous heart yet to be filled . I just love to shower the people and things I do love so if you have my affection and you know it .. You are very very special indeed and I love you <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 
Wow some peoples children 
I think I'm ready for a new semester to start tomorrow . 
o.k. so things today have been super stressful but in two sleeps I will be unloading and unwinding in my own apartment . Two days have never looked so far away before ... Will someone please let me borrow some sanity I'm all out .. I'll pay you back as soon as I get some of my own I promise ! 
I am in a total slumber party mood ! Time to paint some nails ! 
mmmmmm more tacos ( And not left-overs) ! 
I need some sound advice right now .. Help ! 
" We're off to see the wizard ! The wonderful wizard of Oz ! " 
Goodnight too tired ZZzzz 
Needs her own damn apartment stat 
Time to break out the winter clothes ... after school . Good morning facebook land ! 
I'm thinking a day at the cemetery is in order ! 
So much to do ... 
I better go put my face on so I don't scare the general population . 
" The phone , the phone is ringing " [ ... ] 
I really had a blast playing " Cheese Touch " tag with my kids at the park . 
" Yo ho yo ho a pirates life for me ! " 
Back to class ! have a wonderous day everyone ! 
Blah blah blah blah blerg 
O.k. back to class wish me luck ! Have a good day <3 
I love you Goodnight <3 
Gotta love the laundromat ! 
Happy Superbowl Sunday . 
I would have slept great last night except for someone blowing up my phone all hours on the hour . So it has been painfully brought to my attention that my number is listed here on facebook . Please note that I am a busy mother of five that needs all the sleep I can get . Calling hours are only between 9 amand 9 pm mountain standard time in the U.S. 
Sweetest of dreams Everybody <3 
Just took an online LaVeyan synthesizer test and found out that I am an 11 . That explains so much !! 
Any suggestions on how I might celebrate my upcoming birthday ??? 
Is wondering what is for dinner ..... mmmm tacos ! 
needs to go to bed but she is being stubborn ........... 
I am so happy today I cannot even put it into words . I hope that all of my friends are as happy ; if I could I would give each one of you a great big hug . Oh wow I am so corny ! Have a wonderful weekend <3 
0$Have a loverly dayH  < ç À8@ Ì@è @2x @e 8ÀÁx3` 
xr  ïÓ ÿØ 'ÿü Gðv à þÀ ? ò ÿÀÍøe ? 0 ; ü à üà 
I will no longer be accepting any app requests unless I know they can be trusted . My p.c. just got infected by the app @hugs . Thank you for understanding . 
Warning : morbid status update . I smell a dead body stench coming from a neighboring apartment building . Its getting worse to the point of nearly making me blow chunks on the sidewalk . I seriously doubt that I only notice this . What would you do in this situation ? There is a possibility that there has beena murder . There is also a possibility that someone just bit the dust . 
I'm not one to judge ----------- distances very well .. :/ 
So maybe I am not one of those pretty girls at all but at least I have more than just a dial tone in my head . 
I'm so hungry right now . Any suggestions ? 
has had an increase of awareness of her miniatureness ....... I sometimes get really surprised that people feel the need to inform me . :) 
Please put this on your status if you know or love someone who is discriminated against for their sexual orientation . My wish is that people will understand that not being hetrosexual is not a disease nor a choice , and nobody needs a cure , they just need and deserve ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS ... Will you copy and paste this and make it your status for at least one hour ? .......?...... 
I was happy to see that Most of the Albuquerque drivers were driving safely especially since I was almost stuck in the middle of the road ( on foot with my fab five ) due to the icy conditions . Ahh what a scary day today . 
Is ready and set for some excitement this evening . 
Really ! Who threatens someone after they almost run their kids over ?! I yelled stop and pointed to the walk signal . The crazy lady decides to flip around and start yelling at me saying she's going to kick my little white whore ass -- WTF ! So I took down her # and called police right in front of her ... O.k. glad I got that off my chest . :) 
I love my crazy family <3 
Is awake and that is the best you will get out of me for now .. 
I need some space to myself but it'll likely not ever happen ... there is just too much going on right now that I need to think through . bbl 
What a weekend it has been I never thought it would end 
Its nice to have the neighborhood men looking out for you . One of them took the liberty of installing barbwire on my back fence 
is buying furniture ... :) 
I had a great time on Second Life last night ! If any of my friends have one and want to hang out in virtual reality let me know ! :) 
O.k. I'm going to solve my not able to log into my sl prob once and for all ... hopefully . 
Gotta love finding hairs of the previous tenants . On another note the new place is finally starting to feel like home . ;o ) 
Needs a new tazer ... 
So far Facebook has been the highlight of my day .... 
Whoo hoo I finally recovered my youtube account !!!!!! 
I'm wearing shades . There is a bounce in my step and a permanent smile on my face . I changed my major ! :) 
I hope you're proud of yourself . I know I am . 
Who are you really ? 
" I know you'll see , somehow the world will change for me . " -iCarly 
May visions of jack-o-lanterns dance through your head ! Oh happy night I might not even sleep . Good night <3 
Almost time for my next calculus injection .. I hope this one doesn't sting . 
Do NOT join the group currently on Facebook with the title " Becoming a Father or Mother was the greatest gift of my life " It is a group of Pedophiles trying to access your photos . This was on Fox News at 5 . Please copy and post !!! Let's keep our children safe !! 
Just 3 more chapters of home work .... 
If the rules present a challenge for you ; challenge the rules . 
I saw " No Strings Attached " last night . What a brilliant movie :) 
I think I love math but what am I so afraid of ... 
I just gave my friends-list a make-over . Too many people I didn't interact with/didn't really know taking up space on my friends-list . So if you are still here it means I like you <3 
Off to have a little adventure before picking up the kiddos . 
If only you knew what I was thinking Facebook . 
Good morning ! What is so good about it some might wonder . I do not even know ... ( dial tone ) 
I can't wait ! Pretty soon my kids and I will have actual beds to sleep in again and I get a new laptop ( which honestly couldn't come too soon ) . Oh the anticipation is killin me ! 
" Nature know no indecencies ; man invents them . " -Mark Twain 
My son Andrew 6 , has come to the conclusion that my son Douglas 4 , is seven years old . I asked him why he thought so and he told me that Doug punched him in the stomach and he cried . Wow what logic ! 
Why is it so amusing to see a " large " man on a motorcycle ? 
Homework , homework and more homework ! I can't wait for spring break . :) 
Most of my order is scheduled to arrive on my birthday ! Doesn't get any better than that . :) 
I escaped an awkward conversation with a non-civilian today . :) 
Pain is my teacher -- no more head-banging for me . 
Yep still got my Honey Bear . He's gotten so big and become very well behaved . <3 
I had a murder mystery dream -- but there was no mystery . I was the killer . Every time I woke up in a panic and laid back to sleep ; the weapon I had became less potent and more ridiculous . I ended up with a french fry . 
Off to buy some tools so I can put some bunk beds together . Have a wondiferous Day 
Why has not anyone thought of or invented food flavored gum ? I could really go for some montreal steak gum right now . 
I've already started celebrating ! Whoooo ME !!!!! I love me , my family , my life and my friends . <3 
So the deals weren't as good as I had hoped but I did quite enjoy myself . What is everyone else up to today ? 
My children are worlds unto themselves . Whoa my universe has expanded without my knowledge .. 
Thank you All My Beautiful Family and Friends <3 This is shaping up to be the best birthday ever !!! <3 
I am going to party it up all day not only because it is All Hallows Eve but also because it is my friend Abhi's birthday today ! How lucky is that ? Have the best birthday ever Abhi ! Hail All !! 
I am truly proud , humbled and flattered by all the love I received today . Time to retire for the evening with Comedy Central & Tosh . 0 I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE All of YOU <3 @ > ------ 
Good Bleepin Night ! 
Bloobiddy bloobah blah . Got most of my homework done except for the online stuff . I think I'ma hold off on that till tomorrow ... ugh . 
I have a few speeds and several levels ... oh and gears too 
Got that old familiar feeling coming over me .. anyone up for some rousing envelope pushing ? 
How many of us buy into the " Hate/hide yourself to be loved " thing ? I'm going to issue a mission . Be real , and show true feelings even if its ugly . There is a certain beauty in the " undesirable " . 
This is the poem I got from my " adopted " sons Wemek & General . 
" A life , a life . A mom , a wife . A friend till the end ; who is always willing to lend some nice advice . Simple and sweet , with cute shoes on her feet . Staying cool no matter the heat . happy Birthday from G and Wee . " Awe I love these guys <3 
I finally got rid of that Abhimanyu jerk . No thanks to facebook ! I had to re-friend him just to tell him off for blowing up my cell at all hours ... then facebook wouldn't let me block him for another 48 hrs for some cruel unknowable reason ... Your 48 hrs are up . :) 
So disappointed with facebook right now .. I tried to put that I was in a relationship with myself but it rudely told me that I cannot create a relationship with myself ... Narrow ! 
I can't wait for " Happy Thoughts " on Comedy Central tonight ! 
What did the corn say to the farmer ? ( Don't ask me -- tell me -- go ) 
I'm cranky , tired -- I need a nap . 
Goodnight everyone I have lasted as long as I possibly could today . <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 
Don't mind me--I'll be in an antihistamine haze until this whole wind/spring thing passes . 
Nighty Night 
I am so mad I can't even think ! My phone got stolen this morning . 
got a replacement that'll have to do for now ... I hope the lady who stole my phone right in front of my face gets what is surely deserved . Any of you who's numbers I had I need again so inbox me porfavor . 
I really love to poke fun . I hope nobody minds me . :) 
Have a wonderful Spring Break everyone ! 
Couldn't be having a better time with my lovely children <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 
Well Facecases I love you all but I need some pure Me time ... finally ! Oyasumi nasai <3 
There is a certain air of excitement today -- I call out doors ! Talk at ya later . 
What to do on a Sunday evening ? Any suggestions ? 
Well I'm off ! Wish me luck 
My neighborhood is on lock down which means no one can get in or out .... 
Well things seem to be back to normal . Time for a movie . Night <3 
Tomorrow is another day and I can't wait to see what it holds ... 
I'm going shopping today ! YaY ! Anyone have any good dinner suggestions ? 
<3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 
<3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 
I'm getting my Tosh . 0 on . Love you all . 
...... 
O.k. I had a total blonde moment this morning . A man told me I dropped something so I bent over to pick it up and nothing was there . * slaps forehead with palm * 
I'm done ! I'm done and it only took all day .. wow I feel so fried having been in front of a computer monitor for soo long . 
Top o ' the morning to ye ! Happy St. Patricks Day and Happy Birthday Joe Watson <3 Party hard everyone <3 
Blueberry but it depends on the context because banana . Sometimes cherry but avocado . I wonder if I strawberry but definitely a whole ton of pineapple ! 
I love to laugh until I cry , fall over or get a horrendous case of the giggles . 
Joy is my middle name . :) 
Black Friday here I come watch out . :) 
I amaze myself 
I have been on the go since five in the morning and I do not see the momentum changing any time soon ... 
I keep having a reoccurring dream that I'm visiting with my family in Utah and somehow I end up with out clothes and they get angry at me for it no matter how many times I have put them back on . I already know what it all means . Whether or not they can love and accept who I am ; the fact is , they really had a hand in who I have become . I hope they love me anyway . 
What a nice refreshing nap I just had . :) 
Goodnight Faceketeers -- May flights of devils whisk you away ... 
Is plant mating season almost over yet ? This is killing me ! Does anyone know when our mating season starts because I have definitely gone into heat ... Help ! I must remain vigilant . 
Oh boy ..... 
I am nervous for my interview . 
Well I seem to have come home to a puppy disaster ! Honey Bear is now big enough to topple over my kitchen trash can and now every square inch is covered with garbage ( even the furniture ) Ahhhhh ! help ! 
I must be tired or out of it because I just told my puppy not to honk at me . 
Oh I way underestimated myself this time . I almost went early hominid on some one today -- I controlled the urge to throw feces . Wow am I proud . :) 
My interview has been rescheduled for tomorrow -- any kind words of advice ? 
Copy and paste this if you know someone or have heard of someone who knows someone . If you don't know anyone , or even if you've heard of someone who doesn't know anyone , then still copy this . It's important to spread the message . Oh and the hearts ? ? ? ? For crap's sake , don't forget the hearts ? ? ? ? 
I'm sooo bloody excited for my interview and to be able to represent the few and the proud <3 I have and feel so much love for all of you <3 Have the most fabtastic day !!! 
Smiling should come naturally and if it doesn't don't attempt it -- please it just looks super creepy . 
The interview was fantastic :) What is everyone down to this fine evening ? 
I just got a skype account . :) I added you Jess . 
Time to take a shower ! Boy/Man I stink ! 
Needed : Mountain Dew . 
All Dewed up and ready for class kinda -- have a good rest of the day . :) 
I think I hear the cemetery calling me --" Stephaaanie , stephaanie , come play with us . " Oh yes , yes I do . Later ! ;) 
Rant warning : I cannot wait until this semester is over and I can return Ezra's Math Text to him--I'm going to give him a very large , cruel , piece of my mind . I can't believe he had the nerve to make a dig at me in his nonsensical class presentation today . 
No matter how my day has gone ... my children remind me of how simply enjoyable life is . I LOVE my kids . 
I need to go grocery shopping . Dinner ideas ? 
Back to class ... I love living so close to the college now . :) 
" Better a cruel truth than a comfortable lie . " -Edward Abby 
I got out of class early so now I can get to all the homework and tidying up I need to do . :) Have a wonderful rest of the day . <3 
Too pretty outside not to go out so ja mata ne ! 
The only valuable belief to hold onto is belief in one's own self . With that all things are possible . 
Please disregard the last post . I'll instead reevaluate my friends list . 
Oh dear I nearly forgot that today is my oldest son's birthday -- I sung Happy birthday to him this morning -- time to bake some birthday goodies ... 
" Sittin on the toilet , mpk , sittin on the toilet , mpk , sittin on the toilet , mpk , sittin on the toilet , mpk , now wipe and flush ! " 
I have been struck by pure genius ! I have just though of the most wicked awesome stage name for myself and no I'm not telling you .. no I will not you'll just have to wait and see ! 
I wanna go shopping today ......... 
There is blood in the water .. which can only mean one thing . Shark Week ! 
English Pirate is so Awesome !!!! Try it !!! I'm so keeping it this way me matey's 
What is everyone up to this fine day ? 
Anyone know or have an allergy medication preference they'd like to share ? 
Presentation is finally done -- now for online assessments blah ! I'm getting sleepy very sleepy ... 
Done with all the to do's until next year !!! Whoo hooo !!! 
I have a terrible case of the giggles tonight . 
I get to take all my minions to the dentist today -- oh dear ! 
I survived the trip to the dentist . Soo exhausted now ! 
Hi ho , hi ho , its off to class I go * wistles * 
Why can't I do anything on facebook today ?!!!! 
Nearly done with all the friggin wrapping ... Happy Yule and Very Merry Unbirthday etc ... I <3 <3 <3 U All Goodnight ! 
FML :) 
Good Night ! I really need to sleep this off since I'll have a house guest at 4 a.m. Sweet dreams -- may hoards of demons wisk me away while I sleep . Oh and you too if you wish ... 
Morning Facecases :) 
rain , rain , come back please ! 
Watching Surrogates and then going to sleep ! 
What is a logical pattern of thought ? I think its subjective . For me I think about all of the possible things that can go wrong before I think of a solution . 
I am not a morning person but good morning face Peeps 
I love living on the planet of the apes ! 
Tequila ! 
I am not afraid of the dark . I've found the monster that resides therein and its not quite the monster everyone has tried to make it out to be . That monster is Me . 
Tis the season for giving AND tolerance so I'd like to give a gift to you if you'd fancy it and I don't care what persuasion you are ; I love you all My friends <3 Anyone wanting a free numerology report ( full ) please inbox me your name , date , time , place of/at birth , email adress and I will give you one because you're loved . Disclaimer : These numerology reports are for entertainment purposes only . 
For my math project I have to take a survey . Please answer these questions . I need at least 50 people to respond . What is your height , hair color , birth month and favorite time of day/night . 
What to do when all I can do is sit or lie down ? Any ideas ? 
fb has 4 new VIRUSES !!! #1 --- If you get a notice of a PHOTO TAG ... DO NOT OPEN IT !!! #2 --- If you get a notification that a friend reported you for offensive behavior etc .. DO NOT open it !!! #3 -- get 5000 FACEBOOK CREDITS- a 4 message from your friends via chat saying click this links .. DO NOT OPEN IT !! Th ... ese are BAD ones ... and will crash your computer ..... RE POST AND warn EVERYBODY PLEASE 
Good morning if you have not yet taken the survey I need for my math project please help me . Oh and write a specific time such as 3:00 p.m. ( fav time of day ) The other things I need are : hair color , height , month of birth . Thank you <3 
Thanks to all of you that helped me with my homework project <3 
What's on your mind Facebook ? 
going to take the munsters to the park have a nice evening everybody !!! 
Wow what to say about today ... I'm so very very happy . I have the people I love all around me . Tell me about your day . <3 
I am a woman of great faith -- that believes in Herself . I only have to believe or have faith that I can and I Do . I am a force to be reckoned with . I am my own I am . 
Feeling better about my paper now still dread writing it .. I just don't feel the passion ! Luckily I am doing so well in the class that anything will just have to do . Neener . 
Tomorrow is a new day , new month and new year ! Have a great one !! <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 
Mornin ' 
Yahoo Mountain Dew ! I feel so much more alert now :) 
Me thinks me mangled me piracy settins as to allow me mateys to scrawl upon the plank . Scrawl upon it and weigh in . 
Mondays blah ...... 
:/ 
I feel like Lilu . <3 Night Everyone <3 
Barbecue ribs 
Blah potty training a dog is not easy and I can't sleep with out finding little presents all over in the morning . Anyone else have any insights on how to potty train a 12 week old puppy ? I need to sleep . 
I am going try to sleep even though the wind is howling so loud giving me bad dreams . Any comment below counts as a kiss on my forehead . 
So this morning my Schala was throwing a fit on the bus so I came up with a lil song to make her laugh I sang this to tune of Old MacDonald : Old Mc Farmee made a poo , eieio and on this poo he had a fart , eieio with a thpp thpp here and a thpp thpp there , here a thpp , there a thpp , everywhere a thpp thpp . She and i busted a gut every time ! 
Keep on living this grand adventure called life -- until then goodnight <3 
I laughed so hard that I cried today because I accidentally bought myself seven pairs of large grande underpants today . 
I can't wait till the semester is over ! 
mwahahahahaha ! 
I can't believe it has already happened ! My daughter tells me that I embarrass her in public !! So what if I like to make up songs about whatever I happen to be doing at the time and add some random potty humor to spice it up a bit ... 
my two year old and have this back and forth where both of take turns saying My Baby or My Mama and we give each other kisses . well this time she surprised me by saying My Baby Mama . hahaha I laughed so hard I couldn't give kisses . 
Tell me I need to know . What is your biggest fear , petpeeve , personal success , epic failure , color you look good in , favorite feature , secret indulgence , happiest memory -- Go ! 
Love for all that read this . I love you dearly . In my heart is your permanent home and you are all welcome here . 
Happy fertility/conquering death celebrations everyone ... mmmm chocolate !!!! 
So tired now -- hidden/colored eggs -- eaten chocolate -- made baskets ... ZzzzzZzzzz 
What a wonderful beautiful day !!! I hope everyone is happily indulging as they should . 
Night . 
What is bloated , swollen , bruised , bleeding , moody and in need of pampering ? ME !!! 
Shark week warning : If you annoy me enough -- you might just disappear chomp Chomp ! :) 
:) 
" There is something pagan in me that I cannot shake off .. In short , I deny nothing , but doubt everything . " -Lord Byron ( Thanks Aaron this is a great quote ) 
Top O ' the Mornin To Ya ! Better get on my homework today ... 
" Its a beautiful day in the neighborhood " 
Is getting a puppy and would love to hear some name suggestions ... 
Happy Walpurgisnacht ! 
What to do when being summoned in too many directions at once ? How does one become omnipresent ? 
There has been no sleep in my home . " Can't sleep the clowns will eat me " Well here goes round two wish me luck ! 
Snow ? Did anyone else hear this rumor ? 
Facebook , you stink--I'm going to bed . 
It has been snowing off and on today but none sticking yet ... 
Who really cares what's next for Al Qaida ??? Yahoo News ?!! Lets hope there's nothing ... 
What makes You really happy ? 
I really don't think there is such a thing as Happy VD ......... get it ? :P 
5 years ago today I gave birth to the sweetest lil redheaded man . Happy Birthday Douglas Cary !!!! 
Mmmm that Devil's food cake is smelling very tasty !!!! 
What does it mean when a married man pokes you on Facebook that is not on your friends list hmmm ? Someone thinks they're sneaky !!! 
I had the best day ever today . I got a lot of things straightened out and had a ton of love & support along the way . You people keep me sane <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 
Finished my last final this morning . Now I get to think about Mothers Day , court , and my son Dante's birthday ... 
As per so many of my fb friends request ; I have changed my profile pic to a pic of me mom . She's the young lady in the middle . :) 
Going back to the park to play on those awesome spinny chairs whooo watch the world turn !!!! Have a good day facecases :) 
You know what is worse than being miserable ? Being joyful and not having anyone that wants to share in it with you . Why oh why does company love misery ? 
Having a fenced in backyard is awesome ! My washroom has been occupied for a while so I just went out and tinkled right by a tree -- going green ! 
I'm as tired as Twilight--that's right I went there . :) 
" What does the cow say to the typewriter ? Dear Farmer , Its cold at night . I want electric blankets . " -Keili Leibman 
Have a Very Merry Mommies Day Everyone ! <3 
" I got it from my mama , I got it from my mama ... " 
What to wear to court tomorrow ..... sigh 
My son mooned his class today . Why oh why must being a parent be so humbling ... :/ And where did he come up with that idea ???!!! 
It snowed here last night and has already melted ... 
Yo ho yo ho a pirates life for me , 99 barrels of rum on me ship .. hiccup .. Nighty night me hearties <3 
What a day ! If I don't make an ass of myself at least once it hasn't been a good day . ;) Have a happy evening <3 
First there is a gas shortage in New Mexico now there is a space heater shortage . Crazy day ! So glad to be home and relax . Good evening and goodnight . 
Going to school wish me luck . :) 
Off to Lala land Night <3 
My family and friends are the greatest !!!!! I <3 U guys and No it's not the cold medicine talking sheesh ! 
Is Captain hindsight today ... 
Ever have one of those dreams where everything that has been nagging you is finally accomplished only to wake up and want to eat your own hand out of disappointment ?!!! Baahh ! I rue this morning ! Get me my morning Dew . 
Today is my daddy's birthday !! Happy birthday Dad <3 I love you <3 
Goodnight facecases <3 
Siesta time . 
First class cancelled :/ 
I'm getting very sleepy , my eyelids feel like really heavy . I am getting sleepy , sleepy . When I count back from 15 I will be in a deep state of sleep and will only hear your voice . I will follow all of your commands . 15 , 14 , 13 , 12 , 11 , 10 , 9 , 8 , 7 , 6 , 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 . 
Oh my bloody hell ! Make it stop , make it stop , make it stop ! 
What a snow week LOL three school cancellations in a row ! No skin off my teeth , I got a lot accomplished . :) 
No math class tomorrow ! :) 
Today I am going to put this all behind me . I have always been a cutter when I am under a lot of stress ( my hair not my flesh ) . I just covered my bathroom floor with my hair and cried a little ... Going to take it easy today . :) Hows everyone else doing this fine day ? 
" It's not you , it's me " , I'm not your type . 
Sometimes I wonder about Me ... 
Can't wait till kids are in bed -- its been a non stop smack down over here . :) 
So I tried that remedy my pediatrician told me about on myself . I mixed warm water and salt and put it up my nostrils and blew it out after a few eternities of burning HELL !!!! WTF He told me to do that to my infant ... so glad I didn't . 
OMFH I just got tagged in another photo .. this time I unfriended and reported it . Do not test me . I only have patience for my five beautiful children . 
Got a new phone that isn't at all a piece of crap--don't worry same number :) 
Can't barely breathe = can't really sleep . 
My kids are so loved and so am I <3 
