I guess my girlhood plans of being a singer like Paula Abdul and marrying Michael Jackson are done . :( 
just helped my mom and aunt pick out a beautiful flower spray for Grandmommy and is thinking how to arrange the other flowers to honor such an amazing woman . 
The Christmas of 1999 my cousin Jenni gave me a journal and pen . Thank god that she did . That journal has been my compassionate friend from then until now . I can never underestimate the power of writing feelings down 
Glad to be home with cheese , crackers , and a glass of wine and a puppy asleep on my lap . 
What a very lucky girl I am ! I got to dress up as a princess , lumberjack , and angel for Halloween ! 3 costumes , new record ! 
Winter break is wonderful ! I forget how nice it is to do nothing ! 
" I want you to want me " - that song is NOT my friend . 
My Christmas vacation started early with a 12:30 dismissal because of SNOW !! I am giddy ! 
Thanks for the birthday wishes ! It was a great start to 30 ! :) 
Thanks to everybody for the birthday wishes ! So far it has been wonderful ! 
I like it on the back of the couch . 
Don't you want to give this sweet little kitten a home ? She is a sweet baby ! Let me know ! 
Only two days of this year left . It has FLOWN by ! Another great year and already looking forward to and planning the next ! 
I am soooo proud of all my friends and family who are in school AND working AND have families AND are making kick-ass grades ! You guys inspire me ! ( I'm also really glad your finals are done and you can come out and play ! ) 
It has been an interesting week . Maybe the full moon plus planet alignment had something to do with it . This weekend matched the week . Hopefully the rain will wash it away . Pretty crunchy , I know . 
This has been an AMAZING spring break so far . Seeing the my Coker girls in ATL was a great . Katie , Brandon , and I enjoyed Decatur and Celtic Scotch Eggs . Yum and yum ! Back in ATL for a concert tomorrow ! Happiness ! 
I do indeed love my silly little dog . I love that the sound of a cat ( or dog , or pig , or baby ) on TV makes him stop in his tracks and run to the window . Such a smiley boy ! 
I finally got my 20 flying pigs . They are too cute ! I think one will have to ATL this weekend . :) 
After a trip to the ER ( I'm fine ) , a ticket , and bonding time with the parents , I'm ready to make up for the show I missed out on last night with an awesome show tonight ! 
Oh , I am ready for summer break ! All my kids are twitter pated and hormonal . Ahhhh , puberty ! 
I'm so glad it is Friday ! This weekend should be just as much fun as the week ! 
The birds outside have certainly let me know it is morning ! I have never heard so many just chirp chirping morning to the sun ! 
Game night Friday was a blast ! Had fun celebrating Alexia's D.I.V.O.R.C.E. Saturday ! And today was awesome ! Mountains and lunch downtown with simply the most wonderful guy ! 
is watching the first season of " ALF " on DVD . Timeless humor . I so still want to be the older sister ! 
I have a dining room table ! I have been waiting for this for soooo long ! Amazing how much more like home it feels . :D 
Yet another fantastic weekend ! School starts tomorrow . I think I'm ready . ;) 
So apparently I am not supposed to try to put a lime , an onion and 7,200 baby carrots down my garbage disposal . My disposal has vomited that lovely combination all over my kitchen . 
What a fantastic weekend ! Had so much fun at Leigh , Heather , and Holly's birthday party . Last night at the Gypsy I saw people I hadn't seen in forever ! My life is pretty darn great ! 
Grrr . I can't figure out how to run the RCA's so that the surround and the TV speakers both work . Anybody know how ? 
Katie and Brandon's event was a wonderful ! Now we get a week of beach , family and relaxation ! Life is good ! 
My Cooper had his first successful play date EVER ! He and Jake wore each other out . Apparently I just needed Alexia to tell me to relax . :) So glad my dog CAN play well with others !! 
My little Cooper is hard-headed . I have the bruise on my chin to prove it . :) 
Mandy and Matt's wedding was beautiful ! It was fantastic to see my high school girls again ! I love those friendships that feel comfortable even after years apart . :) 
My kitten half-killed a baby mouse and presented it to me . Oh my . Next time Misha , please kill it first . 
Oh my . I am a happy girl ! 
Just bought some watercolor paints and paper . I think the fluidity of that medium is what I need . :) 
" Strange things are afoot at the Circle K . " 
It is 10 - 10 - 10 !! That makes me really happy for some reason ! 
Last night was excellent ! I am happy as a clam ( one found by Sophie Lou or Jack ) . :D 
Great friends and good music last night , pancakes and a crossword puzzle this morning . I love it ! 
Fire , wine , Cooper at my feet . Just waiting for the best part of my evening to get here . :) 
I can now have a fire in my fire ring ! I have NO idea how it collected so much junk ! 
What a great week ! I am a lucky girl to have the wonderful family and friends that I do ! 
Last night was so great ! I am really blessed to have the wonderful life , family and friends that I do ! 
Things are unfolding so nicely ! I had a great time eating sushi and toasting to the wonderful people and places in my life . 
Quest 1 : Sometime this year I let someone borrow the guitar I received for my 18th birthday . I can not for the life of me remember who . Please , please , if it was you , let me know . I just need to know where it is . :D 
Happy 2011 ! Thanks to everyone that came out last night ! You guys are awesome ! 
