i love you travis :) 
I really want to scream and everyone to leave me - the hell alone 
What would you do if i sang out of tune ? would you stand up and walk out on me ? Oh , i get by with a little help from my friends . 
Bout to go to austin and chill with ma broskii ! 
BORED .... I hope my mothers okay out there in the gulf 
well im so proud of you for makeing me cry you fucking asshole . i am also proud of the fact you would call another person hot or " sexy " if i recall correctly .. lets all give travis a big ass round of applause :) 
this is what an OG told me filthy rich and dying lonely 
AWWWW SSSHHNAPP i've only been back like two weeks and i've already gotta date lmao a Facebook date ;) 
Glad to be back home !!!!!! Love houston 
Guess i got my swagga back (: 
Haha you are funny im not sexy at all :) 
U ridin spinnas u go round and round that bullshit u got me fucked up . 
blah blah blah its shake n bake and I helped 
Totally should have gave him my Chode ! :( now its gone 
just witnessed kristen almost die .... i would have given been lost without her 
Ramens ! in sobriety I finally fucking got it lol after like almost 10 months I finally got it !!! 
kill one man you're a murderer . Kill millions of men and you're a conquorer . Kill them and and you're a god . 
huh my aunt was wrong ... you did hurt me but im sure theres something better someone who says forever and means it this time 
I believe I've come the realization that i guess i over reacted but then again you called me a skank and told me to fuck off when all i did was tell you what was going through my mind at the DICK thing you said omg i need a meeting fer sure there are somethings i need to get off my chest sponser please help me ! 
I hate this mind set 
The Bird And The Worm were in The Saltwater Room at Umbrella Beach during the Vanilla Twilight On The Wing , but they had a Cave In because of a Tidal Wave and a Strawberry ? Avalanche buried them . They ate their way through it and now they need Dental Care from the Fireflies at Designer Skyline . They also need to be treated with the Technicolor phase because they have Rainbow Veins . 
me eyes be blue and me heart on the ground i only be talkin like this cause i changed me profile to pirate :) 
went fishen with Sha'starr and Delorean . had a blast went to moviees afterwards .. now sleep over time :) 
Travis Hoyt i forgot my flowers you got me :( would you bring them by ? if you can 
I love you , Travis . :) <3 
i've accepted the fact that you probably dont want me like i want you . I've accepted the fact that i probably dont have another shot in hell with you . I've also accepted the fact that you aren't shit to me and i will never want you like i did . Maybe except to spit on your face and kick you in the ribubs ;P 
should i stay or should i go ? 
Straight up lele I feel you man I tried to walk down stairs this morning and swear to god my legs gave out and I rolled down the stairs gahh I love PDAP 
Self : you need to get your shit straight ... do you boo and dont let anyone tear you down fuck the free world 
She said your allegory is far too blunt 
I said this aint no laboratory , you're the cunt 
She said I'm punching the distance , it doesnt rhyme 
Or resonate brilliance in its time 
But is it lyrical genius or crap rock poetry ? 
I say the linear drums more sin Patti Smith than me 
OMG re-stringing my guitar is BULLSHIT i poked myself 3 fkn times with the end of my stings and made myself bleed .... and not to mention i broke the ones i tried to re string so im megggaaa pissed 
fuck high school im getting my ged 
fugg that id rather bang my screw 
BVB concert was the shit had more fun with the opening bands modern day escape and get scared my new to favorite bands 
BVB concert was the shit had more fun with the opening bands modern day escape and get scared my new two favorite bands 
BVB concert was awesome . my highlight was after the show fa sho chillen with johnny from get scared 
Well I'm going back to houston and I'm uneasy about it but after all it's what u wanted but why am I soo doubting myself right now oh yea I know haha fuck you 
Just chillen with savanna going to see BVB tomorrow <3 
blah nevermind im bored bored bored bored bored reall bored i wanna chill im free ecept for tomorrow maybe going to a 15 if not hanging with my baby ;) 
I hate i when my hair is too fluffy to do anything with 
dead phone new school fuck me 
Nothing like dubstep to ease my mind 
SEND MI UR NUMBER I GOTTAA NEW PHONE 
I just got home from work !! I SMELL LIKE BABY BARFF !!!! BLACH 
Joacim ; how many times are we going to poke eachother i know it has had to be like 1oo , ooo , ooo , ooo , ooo , ooo times ! 
the little rascals <3 :) 
Running on no sleep think I can do it for three more days ? 
I don't want you to know where i am cause then youll see my heart in the saddest state its ever been this is no place to try and live my life 
so who wants to chill today ? im beyond bored im down for anything 
ugh now that i have a boyfriend . everyons true feelings come out WTF 
" You are the BEST girl i've ever been with " - Travis :D 
I miss home and travis 
You're the BEST girl i've ever been with - Travis :D 
no time to search the world around cause you know where i'll be found , when I come around . 
im okay lmao im just bipolar 
well im so proud of you for makeing me cry you fucking asshole . i am also proud of the fact you would call another person hot or " sexy " if i recall correctly .. lets all give travis a bog ass round of applause :) 
so im not going back to school how - about that ? high school has nothing but fucking drama so bob i wasn't to be a make up artist 
Travis just left :( 
Manny , Fuck your mom >:/ 
What movie is your life ? -- My Result : Dumb and Dumber . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/32022/referrals/status?aid=100000976221722 
This is what an Ol ' G told me filthy rich and dying lonely " Fuck a Benz and fuck a Rolly , life is what you make it homie " 
I love you Travis :) <3 
May you rest in pieces with the fish . you a hoe and in the pen you'd be a bitch using red m&m's for lipstick 
im free all day i'll supply the cigs who wants to chill ? 
I love you , Travis :) <3 
I love you , Travis :) 
show tonite in austin ;) 
I packed away all my best clothes now make sure all those mother fucking girls know i love you so 
come on shakin let me know should i stay or should i go 
Never take your pulse for granted again , 
she doesn't know , she doesn't know the kiss of death . 
Black is black and love is , love is death . 
Black cats , Black hearts , the wicked never rest . 
I curse the day I let you in . 

So tell me dear ( tell me dear ) , can your heart still break 
If it's already stopped beating ? 
you say it isn't me but I can't help but wonder 
rain rain go away thats what all my hatterz say , but my pockets stuck on overload . My rain never evaporates . girl the way you move that ass got me in a trance and imma throw this money while you do it with no hands ;) 
I know i cant take one more step towards you , cause all thats waiting is regret . and dont you know im not your ghost anymore You lost the love i loved the most 
wanna know whats on my mind ... murder .... MURDER ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
What's up people !!!!! How ya doin ? Me I feel like crap I needs ta pull it together . 
Yup ..... Im geting shipped to kansas 
Man back in the h its like nothing can go wrong 
i porobably shouldnt care as much as i do why should i let my past define who i am now . well i say fudge all that stuff . im am me and no one can tear me down anymore 
Next time you point a finger i might have to bend it back and break it , break it off . next time you point a finger i'll point you to the mirror . :) 
whats on my mind ? fkn sobriety !!!! 
You got me shakin from the way you're talkin what a cyanide surprise u had left for my eyes if I had common sence I would cut myself or curl up and die 
I SWEAR YOU GOT PIERCE THE VFEIL STUCK IN MY HEAD !!! " whats so good about picking up the pieces none of the colors ever light up anymore in this hole ! " 
child in his room : Baby baby oh . mom walks in ... Are you listening to justin bieber ? chile : NO !! I'm watching porn .. mother : OH ! THANK GOD !! 
Delorean i wish i would be able to see on christmas that would be the best present ever ! i LOVE you and MISS you like crazy . but then again .. i have a plan up my sleeve . ;) 
I need a flippen guitar tuner anybody wanna help me out ? 
to plant a seed . :) 
well i fucked myself out of red robbim damn it hope i can go next year ... 
Hustle town the city of dreams where we creep through the hood and serve them dope fiends . 
The best is yet to come around , so i'll count all my lucky stars . 
Don't attempt to justify what we thought was wrong tendons are torn and screams are released into a poisoned mathmatic ? Apmosphere 
May you rest in pieces with the fish . you a hoe and in the pen you'd be a bitch using red m&m's for lipstick . 
okay time to be honest . like this status and i will tell you exactly what i think of you at this moment exactly . 
Like my status and i'll tell you the first thing i though about you no lie . 
all these people on and no one to talk to .... 
do you know that you yourself are a temple 
It's not that i hate mexicans i just hate the way they smell , its not that i dont want to hang out with black people i just wont invite them in my house because they are gonna steal my shit , and im not saying asians cant drive .. im just saying they cant see . and IM NOT RACIST i hate everybody equaly . 
I bet you laughed at the thought of me thinking for myself i bet you believed that im better off with you than someone else . 
There was no punk rock movement .... only the sex pistols . 
Bullshit runna marathon id rather keep it real and walk 
just got my nails did :) its hard to type . 
My spirits wilt just like a rose , my pretty poem is at a close . :/ 
I got the stomach virus :( it sucks ass thanks liz and bro lol 
Shit ... i'm sunburnt how bout yall mother fuckers ? badass retreat . although im fucking sick of rap and techno now . LMAO dude , I had the FUCKING BEST spiritual awakening . I got my shit down now . :) and thanks to all the actually made me come out of my box * EHEM*stanky stu ! 
Okay , you guys are all my friends , but STOP send me messages asking what the fuck is up with my name . dude , it's my name i'll change it to whatever i want to . and i'll have you know it's Quenya ( form of elvish ) and i finally got done learning that shit . so fuck yea im going to use it . anyways i love you all but honestly . it's my fucking profile ... it's my life and i'll do what i wanna do . 
Now that i can speak , understand , and write quenya ... time to learn klingon 
you pub-crawl the bars and drink 
always push it to the brink 
i watch the streets late at night 
i see you get into fights 
Aggro minds they start to swarm 
they always crack and they dont warn 
dont let em push you around 
dont let em drag you down 
Dont let em dont let em 
go all the way 
Weakness is fading fast 
strength is gaining at last 
maybe its not too late 
but you still feed off their hate 
There was no movement ... Only the Sex Pistols . 
Bottomless Zit from HELL ! 
hmm .. New york ... i think it'll be fun up there . but cold i bet :( i just wish i had further notice :) Make up stores here i come !!! 
soo ,,,, im going to the airport in like 2 hours .. anyone wanna say some goodbyes .. because if i dont blow up .. i'll die of a heart attack . i swear im probably going to freak the fuck out .. 
Well im in manhattan and im alive . lmao the plane was actualy fun .. but much thanks to my higher power .. lmao haha imma have fun .. :) i love you all in houston ! New York is the shit !!! 
“I never said to be like me , I say to be like you and make a difference . ” - Marilyn Manson 
grrim home :) but i miss it up there .. well i don't miss the cold . might wanna move there . but that crap was EXPENSIVE ! one zippo cost me $27 . lmao but i wanted it lol 
Talking shit over the internet is just like winning a gold metal at the special olympics . No matter how many gold metals you win you are still retarded . 
I think i regreat shaving my head it took away from the little pretty features i had .. :( 
It's all my childish games that keep me from being truley happy .. time to dabble in some scrabble with my life ( hehe i rhymed ) 
So boring , my days are , i've resulted to singing karaoke to my computer . someone needs to come over ... i feel a duet commin on lol 
Just got done watching Mulan Rouge :) i don't know what it is .. but i'm a sucker for musicals . especially ones about love ? 
Maybe all one can do is hope to end up with the right regrets 
In two weeks it will be ONE YEAR !. omg i've been through some shit to get here lmao but man im glad i made it ! 
I'm very bored ! Like my status and i'll truthfully tell you 3 things i like about you . 
alright my facebook's being really fucking gay , I'll be on in a few mins .. to see if it's better . :) 
Why is it everyone wants to text me when i have no phone :( 
Another aeroplane , Another sunny place . I’m lucky , I know But I wanna go home 
I’ve got to go home Let me go home I’m just too far from where you are 
I wanna come home . 
have you noticed some packages of headphones say " in ear headphones " , where the hell else are they supposed to go !? 
Bout to go on a 4 mile run . new body here i come ! 
My legs are on fire ! but it will be worth it in the long run :) ? 
Hell i have a confession . there is only one boy that i really want a kiss from . and hes on my buckett list lol 
Watching Kung Fu Panda with my baby !? 
if you love me ( comment on this status ) 
if you think im a good friend ( like this status ) 
if you hate me ( msg me and tell me why ) 
if you had a crush on me , be honest ( poke me ) 
if your not scared ( make this your status ) 
I love it when people ask when i " plan " to get tired and fall asleep .. lol I'm a teenager . i'll fall asleep when im tired . there is no set time . idgaf if im sleepy in wal-mart . i'll lay down in the middle of the store till they wake me up and tell me to leave .. 
My hearts crippled my the vein that i keep on closing ... i'm bleeding love . 
Another aeroplane Another sunny place I’m lucky , I know But I wanna go home I’ve got to go home Let me go home I’m just too far from where you are I wanna come home .? 
I finally feel like the old me again .. so take your opinion and shove it ! ? 
Bored . And very tired ..... but I cannot sleep ... I believe its karaoke time :) 
Do you know how it feel waking up and realizing .. you are actually a Garcia not a Salas !? wtf man .. what else don't i know lmao 
Fail Sauce . funny thing about fail sauce ... it's good with a whiney burger and some french cries . but it's slippery as hell . one wrong move and we'll have to cal the WAHHHmbulance !? 
Bitch im the sexiest killa u know . i come eqipped with an axe and some love handles . vampire out the water straight to land can a killa that u know fuck u better than i can . if u said that he could bitch you a lie . u musta never had a juggalo between ya thighs . :] 
Am i the only teenager that watches Pingu ?....... guess so . 
Kiss me , ki-ki-kiss me 
Infect me with your love and 
Fill me with your poison Take me , ta-ta-take me Wanna be a victim 
Ready for abduction 
so im tired of myhair .. i'm getting weave . 
Blueberry , hope i can change that . :) ? 
Cherry ;D 
Blueberry :( 
Blueberry 
Behold the crucifix ; what does it symbolize ? Pallid incompetence hanging on a tree 
I question all things . As I stand before the festering and varnished facades of your haughtiest moral dogmas , I write thereon in letters of blazing Korn ! Lo and behold " all this is fraud ! 
Cherry , but I feel a blueberry coming on again ...... 
waking up at 6 to go running again .. :) 
You can ask me THREE ( 3 ) questions ( privately in my inbox ) and I will answer truthfully , but I dare you to copy this and see what you get asked ... all questions are welcome ! 
I have some pest controll in texarkana .. its gonna be fun :) 
Chillin with my homegirl sapphire . ;D 
What is a juggalo ... hmm let me think for a second .. oh he gets but naked then he walks through the streets winking at the freaks with a two liter stuck in his butt cheeks .. what is a juggalo he just don't care he might try to put a weave in his nutt hair . Cuz he could give a fuck less what a bitch thinks . 
One year bitches ... 
I scream don't look ? I scream dont touch ?.. WtF you talking about ? go back to bless the fall faggot ! :) ( and give us ronnie back ! 
What do you see in me ? cause everyone around me thinks im just " iight " you're really friggin hot .. 
i wanna dye my hair what colors ? i need 3 :) 
How Black Are You ??? -- My Result : 100% . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/735260/referrals/status?aid=100000976221722 
So ... red for the right side and blue for the left side .. and opposite sideburns ... i think i can rock it . but i feel like spiderman . 
Cherry ? :) 
New phone bitches 
If everyone was perfect life would be boring and dull - Connie Taylor 
there was no movement ... only the sex pistols 
why do people have feelings ? I hate them they allnjust need to die out and never come back I can't wait to become emotionally drained 
don't shove your bullshit down my throat what might be right for you may not be right for some so take your opinions and stick them up your Ass 
anyone need a skateboard its free 
hey everybody its Friday Friday we gotta get down on friday lmao worst song ever 
so syked for the wedding tomorrow can't wait !!!!! 
You dont have to believe me but the way i see it , next time you point your finger i might have to bend it back or break it off . 
started out the new year with a court date and no phone and a grounding WHOOT WHOOT 
I got a new low all 52 cards in a row . . . 
I'm like on the biggest PDAP kick ever haha Why am i pullin your dick it's not a kick it's MY way of life ! (: 
