has seen a lot of star trek lately o.O 
Lost my phone :( Probably won't get a new one for a while ( til motorola droid comes out ) . E-mail/tweet/IM or call my work phone # 
By the way , I am contactable by phone again , same # ( though I probably don't have yours ) . Thanks to my cousin for letting me borrow his old phone ! 
Going up to Wes for homecoming this weekend ... too bad the weseminars look boring :( 
Really depresed about maine . Heading to sleep , hoping against the odds that I'll wake up to better news :( ugh , why do voters suck ? 
Joan : They removed the privacy settings that allow you to choose who can and can't see your profile pic , which kinda creeps me out . Maybe I'll add a more professional pic later , but meh . 
i am not sure if the multiple engagements showing up on my friends ' feed are for serious or april fools :P 
put a security deposit down for an apartment for next year !! ahhhh . big two bedroom with a separate kitchen ( stainless steel appliances ) and separate living room , and a washing machine , though . i like it . :D 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes , friends ! <3 
I'm on vacation , but this is important : if you support marriage equality , wherever you are , NY or not , take 1 min and call NY Senate Majority Leader Dean Skelos at 518-455-3171 and urge him to hold an up-or-down vote on marriage equality TODAY ! We seem to have the votes , but republicans not sure whether to actually bring it up or not ! 
Why do I procrastinate so much ? Is it possible that it's a disorder , like ADD ? Because if it exists I think I have it . It's like a phobia of working . 
why am I feeling so nostalgic tonight ? gosh . 
Umm . Just got on the Bolt Bus to Boston . Hope I'm able to get back to NYC on Sunday :/ why now , hurricane ? :( 
Yaay , our guest room/office is officially set up with a futon ! Friends , now you have no excuse not to come visit NYC =) let me know if you need a place to crash ! We're off the 125th St. express ACBD stop 
For those NYCers who need a place to to deal with this , Amnesty International sent me the following message : 

What : Silent March and Vigil for Troy Davis 
When : Today , September 21st 6:00 pm - 8:00 pm 
Where : Meeting Place is the Harlem State Office Building at 6:00 pm ( 125th Street & Adam Clayton Powell Blvd ) and we will have a silent march to St. Mary's Church ( 521West 126th Street - btw Broadway & Amsterdam ) 
Please do me a favor and move your mouse over my name here , wait for the box to load and then move your mouse over the " Subscribe " link . Then uncheck the " Comments and Likes . " I would really rather that my comments on friends ' posts not be made even more public , thank you very much ! Then re-post this if you don't want your every single move posted on the right side in the " Ticker Box " for everyone to see . I'm posting this not only for myself , but also so that my friends and family will know how to ask others to do the same if they would not like their every move on Facebook noticed . Thanks ! ( via Allegra ) 
is going to a Lady Gaga concert in July ? weird and excellent 
Wow , congrats to Jessica Posner & Shining Hope for Communities for winning the Do Something award !! You guys deserved it :) 
I am feeling pretty uncomfortable with all these new changes to Facebook and the ease with which all my favorite books/movies/etc can be data mined . Isn't there a way to let my friends see my interests and no one else ?? This is absolutely ridiculous . F- , Facebook . 
this weekend i lay in bed , watched movies , cuddled with casey , took the time to go downtown for delicious meals , and didn't do any work whatsoever . i feel amazing . 
CONGRATS CLASS OF 2010 !! you're all awesome ! now you can move to nyc/boston/san francisco and not have homework anymore . 
Poor dutch :( 
after 14 hours of travel , a missed connecting flight , and missed important work meetings , I am in laredo , tx ! Nothing feels too terrible when you wake up in NYC to ice rain ... and end up in a city that's 80 degrees and sunny . 
