Musings : I've been on Facebook for two hours and already have six friends . Much faster than in real life . 
I have finally caved . 
hates people who park on double yellows . 
Life only kind of sucks today . 
I just noticed that I have a number of " mutual " friends with all of you , even though it is a grammatical impossibility . 
Months of practice at Wii FPS have not increased my Halo proficiency . 
Your sexuality is not the reason I hate you . 
For people studying it in English ( or who are interested , I suppose ) , The Importance of Being Earnest is on BBC Radio 7 at 2.30 in the morning . 
Only 631 days until World Challenge !? That puts it in perspective . 
Make that seven . No , eight . 
I want the ODST soundtrack . It's so good . 
First day of the half term and , scrolling down the page , my God it shows . 
Of all the new characters introduced in season 8 , Denise is the only one I like . The rest are all complete jerks . 
I'm glad Strictly got put back because of Formula 1 , and I don't even like racing . 
Apathy is no achievement ... but I just don't care . 
Nothing on this computer works except freecell ... 
To test your calculator , put in ( e^pi ) - pi . It should equal 20 . 
The quality of my life would be greatly improved if I got a Zorb . And a Segway . 
I take it I'm the only person going to be watching Death Note later ? 
I have no respect for those who are watching I'm A Celebrity . 
I can see clearly with my new specs on ... 
Finally getting around to watching Death Note after recording it last week . Difficult to type and read subtitles at the same time ... 
To commemorate the end of November , this week is Euphemism Week ! Make up a funny original euphemism and the best one may win a prize ! 
Not the best day . Broke my specs in registration , and as a result I missed the heart dissection in biology . As well as the rest of my lessons . What did I miss ? 
The finest rockets ever seen : They burst in stars of blue and green , or after thunder golden showers came falling like a rain of flowers . - J . R . R . Tolkein . 
The thing I hate about comedy panel shows is that , whenever there's a woman on the show , they have to act stupid and soft and give the laughs to their male colleagues who can joke off their set-up . 
Just noticed that , after the internet being out for a week , I am scrolling down the page to see what happened to people since Wednesday last . Why ? Why do I care ? 
Yes , I am the same Jo Caulfield who sitss behind you in Miss Daivson's history class . Next lesson , let's pretend we don't know each other , and you turn around and slap me really hard in the face . I will act surprised and pretend to cry . It will be well rad . 
Severely underestimated how long it would take to deliver a box of menus ; left at ten to eleven , got back twenty minutes ago . And I'm only halfway through ... 
Hungry ... Beans and spaghetti cooked over a camping stove doesn't fill you up ... Also , it's still Euphemism Week ! Invent a new euphemism and you may win a prize ! 
I am now only part of groups the titles of which are spelt correctly , are correctly punctuated and have perfect grammar , unless it's for effect . Now my inner ( and outer ) grammar Nazi - Godwin's Law ! - is satiated . 
Ode to Snow ( Unfinished ) by Joshua Wong 
just spent a fun few hours losing constantly at MS Solitaire . 
Internet's back up again , hopefully for good this time . Apparently all they had to do was switch it off and on again at the source . 
One 18th Century theory of economics suggested there should always be an invisible hand guiding the economy , steering it out trouble . I can see one problem with this idea : What would you do if you had an invisible hand ? 
Innovation is my middle name . Not , as some might have you believe , Edgar . 
finds it odd that the Japanese write romanic numbers in the midst of all their kanji . 
Educating Rita was on this afternoon , Mr. Crow's GCSE students . BBC Iplayer now . 
Bethany Wong is home from Bath ! 
This summer I saw this great bag in the shop . The design was inspired by the classical composers , Bach , Mozart , Beethoven . Well , I dropped a hint or two , and come Christmas morning , there was a large present under the tree addressed to me . Well , I tore it open , and out fell a piece of fabric and the note : " I'm sorry , I couldn't afford the whole bag , so you'll have to be content with the Handel ! " 
The new series of Being Human is on tonight . I missed the first series , so is it worth watching the new one ? 
Bethany's " back in the tub " . Her bed and the sofa will miss her , having gotten to know her quite well over the holidays . 
Spent the afternoon emptying the library , and two things struck me : 1 . We own four copies of the " My Fair Lady " soundtrack on cassette . Four ! 2 . My parents have ( or had ) the most obscure tastes in music . Anyone heard of Steely Span ? 
Found the smoke alarm . Might be a good idea to put that up , maybe ? 
I'm just lazy . I can't stand Sundays . 
For an experiment , for the rest of this week I will be talking in E-Prime . 
Welcome to Just A Minute ! 
Harold Pinter seriously did not like America . 
Radio Four drama : a little piece of escapism , every day at 2.15 pm . 
To Sheehy's English class : A selection of works by Harold Pinter is showing on BBC4 at 9.00 pm on Sunday . 
might be a Gleek ... 
You know , it's kind of nice having your own fan page . Thankee Sam , and thankee all . 
A suggestion on The Manifesto : Brit PMs should have a two-term limit in office . What do you think ? 
Happy New Year ! 
Finally got a new dishwasher ! Now we can get rid of the old one , a.k.a. Dad . 
There is nothing more satisfying than having shoes so shiny you can literally see your face in them . Beautiful . 
Happy Burns ' Night ! Anyone having haggis tonight ? 
Oh , why can't the English teach their children how to speak ? 
" Just a little bit louder , because this song is intended for humans , okay ? " 
People doing GovPol - or just generally - should listen to Mark Thomas : The Manifesto . Absolutely brilliant . Thursdays , 6.30 pm R4 . 
The outcome of a job interview depends almost as much on the interviewer as the applicant . Of course , it depends on the job in question . 
His torture began gently : " I say , this salmon's a little over-done . " 
After weeks of a freezing draughty house , the new boiler and radiators are fixed up and now the place like a sauna . It's beautiful . 
Hmmm . A tray of brownies on the kitchen counter . I have no choice but to assume they are for me , and eat them all . In other news , " Keep it in the pantry " is the least subtle metaphor I've ever heard in a song . 
What do you call someone who knows two languages ? Bilingual . What do you call someone who knows only one language ? English . 
" That girl's got pointy boobs . " " Which girl ? " " That one . They're like Madonna's bra . " " ... That's Cheryl Cole . " Oh Dad ... 
I have somehow contrived to have two extra tickets to Peter Pan , the Saturday evening show . Anyone want them ? 
Just beautiful ... the sickly orange glow of snow lit by street lamps ... 
In a recent documentary re-doing the Milgram test , 82% of participants electrocuted the actor to death , compared with 70% in the original experiment . This says something about the either the difference between now and 1963 , or the difference between the French and the Americans . 
Take a look at te wikipedia page on the Collatz Conjecture . This is the sort of stuff mathematicians do for a living . 
Bethany Wong , you have four completely different Andrew Lloyd Webber compilations . Why ? 
And Merry Christmas to the rest of you . 
Monday nights : TV , Gin and Shu t-t he-Box . 
Changing mobile network provider is such an incredible hassle . I'm taking out my frustration by destroying my old SIM card in inventive ways . 
Well done to the cast of City of Angels for the great performance last night . Break a third leg tonight , if you can . 
Oh , thank God . York finally gave me an offer . They kept me waiting so long I'm almost considering not accepting to spite them . Almost . 
Can we still apply for specific accommodation types with the insurance university ? Or is it a case of taking what we're given ? 
Made some very tasty flapjacks with Stella Pei today . It's a shame we only got one chance to make such good flapjacks . We'll definitely have to make some more flapjacks next time I see her . 
Agatha Christie gave her characters eggs to celebrate Easter . Miss Marple got two eggs , but Hercule Poirot only got one . Why ? 
If/When that guy who won Masterchef gets his own restaurant , I am going . I don't care who expensive it may be . I just want to taste that food ... 
Would like to say congratulations to everyone who has today had their own marriage overshadowed by William and Kate's . There were five in my shop alone . 
" You are young , the world has been good to you ... You will learn ... " 
I have now come full-circle with my birthday message gimmick . Some people will have to get the same message they got last year ( about with whom they share their birthdate ) while I think of something knew to say . 
Isner must have been feeling a little sore about halfway through , seeing as Mahut is ranked 133 places lower and was playing him to a standstill . At the end he was probably too exhausted to think about anything at all . 
" Don't Stop Believin ' is the most downloaded song in the history of iTunes ! " A little metajoke from Glee . There's a reason why I love that show , and it's not just the music . 
Reads the dictionary for pleasure . But today it was a french dictionary , so I'm counting it as revision . Fun fact : In French slang , " des valseurs " ( waltzer ) means testicles . 
Just wathced the first two episodes of True Blood , Christopher Morgan , and you're right . It's bloody brilliant . 
I've Never Seen Star Wars , Tuesdays 6.30 pm : Listen to Marcus Brigstocke and Jenny Eclair try jellied eels for the first time . Can you guess their reaction ? 
If Bethany Wong doesn't help with dinner , she doesn't get any . Makes perfect sense . 
Just saw the new BT advert . Britain's TV viewing public are so predictable . But the outtakes on the website are hilarious . 
Attempting to cook without recipe , supervision or any direction whatsoever . Still , it's only a stir-fry , so shouldn't be too hard . 
has discovered that turning what started as a texted reminder for Lucinda Hughes into another story project has brought me into competition with Isaac Asimov , and there's only one way that will ever turn out ... 
It's always nice to get a parcel when you've forgotten you'd ordered something . It's like getting an unexpected present , except that you've already paid for it a few months ago . 
Has anyone else using Spotify found an album which it hasn't uploaded properly ? 
Don't forget , clocks went forward last night . 
World Challege people , what time is the meeting on Thursday ? 
A crash mat makes a surprisingly comfortable mattress . 
has left his packing for the last minute , as per usual . 
Family are the best excuse for a meal out . Duck's feet and char siu bao ... 
Every Australian singer has been on Neighbours . This seems a little odd , doesn't it ? 
Slowly , do not rush ; 
I'll wait for you to appear 
Like flowers in spring . 
At what time is the parents ' higher education meeting tonight ? 
Barring any unforeseen circumstances and proceeding at this rate , I will have enough money to go to Peru next year , with a little left over . So I'm happy today . 
The UKIP candidate for Mid-Derbyshire , when asked why he wanted to be an MP : " If I wanted to be an MP , I wouldn't be standing for UKIP . " 
Monty Oum is irritatingly talented . 
Assez que j'adore la chanson d'amour de Bobby Darin , il faut admettre que le chanson original de Charles Trénet soit le meillieur des deux . 
Simply reading the content has never worked for me for revision . Thus , with his consent , I'm trying to " play " Elliot Huxtable's podcasts on history on JamLegend . You never know until you try . 
For people doing history , an original point for the Civil Rights topic : The Rat Pack famously refused to perform in clubs and casinos that barred Sammy Davis Jr. , contributing to the integration of Las Vegas . 
I would like to publically thank Ryan Webster for stopping me from missing my first re-sit . Much appreciated . 
I take back every joke about recycling , microwaves and firecrackers . Toy Story 3 is an incredible movie and everyone should see it . The Studio Ghibli reference made my day , and I'm not ashamed to admit I was welling up at the end . 
Oh , and one more thing : I spent yesterday afternoon teaching myself Racing Demon instead of doing anything productive , and it seems like such a brilliant communal game that I'd like to teach everyone else . Luckily I have four hours of free time that I can't fill with work , so if you're interested bring a pack of cards with you tomorrow . 
Summer in the West : 
Pages fall like Autumn leaves ; 
Stress , worry , boredom . 
Ah , my re-sits are over . Now I can relax stress-free until the exams in Ju- What's that you say ? Mocks ? And coursework ? Oh my . 
Sunday is gloomy , my hours are slumberless/Darling , the shadows I live with are numberless ... 
" What sort of ship is that ? A Battleship ? " 
" Frigate . " 
" Alright , there's no need for that kind of language just because you don't know . " 
Emily Wilding Davison - the suffragette who threw herself under the King's horse at the Derby - also made another interesting protest : on the night of the 1911 census , she broke into and hid in a broom cupboard in the House of Commons , just so that the next day she could legitimately claim the House of Commons as her place of residence . 
Come fly with me , let's fly , let's fly away ... and forget about this bloody history essay . 
" The LibDems get another one up over the Tories as SamCam reveals the real father ... " 
saw the LODS production of Anything Goes on Friday . Really , really impressive , very professional . And did I spot Gina Collingwood in the company ? Very well done to you , and to all the cast . 
Marilyn Monroe was incredibly beautiful . How tragic ... Elliot Huxtable , you missed a good show . 
Miss Jamet gave us a CD with the past few years ' listening tracks on it . Supposedly . Mine has eight seconds of silence . 
Can I say kudos to Julie Hamling for , after my complaint at " not having a good rack all game " spelled out " sexist " on her next turn . Well done . 
The german poet Heinrich Heiner left his estate to his wife on the condition that she remarry , " so there is at least one person to regret my death . " 
Now that's a shame . I've written a poem about National Poetry Day ( it's tomorrow ) and it won't fit into the status box . 
was going to go into school adn revise , but then it started raining . 
" Why has Church attendance fallen ? In recent years , there has been a significant increase in the tendancy , especially among the younger members of the population , to go out to parties and get completely hammered on a Saturday night . It is understandable that they would prefer to spend Sunday mornings on their knees worshipping the Porcelaine God , rather than the Christian one . " 
Is it weird that I'm interested in the World Cup as a competition , but not as a football competition ? 
When you brought me a pie when I was in prison , I knew what I'd find inside it . You could have baked in a lockpick , you could have been cliche and inserted a file , but you know me too well . You know I would never choose freedom over pie . 
should watch more Westerns . 
Sleepless nights are friend to the word-blocked writer . 
The worst language I've ever heard watching TV was during an episode of David Dickenson's Real Deal . Some real filthy language was thrown around . Maybe if I hadn't lost the remote I wouldn't have said it . 
Last summer I saw this great bag in the shop . The design was inspired by the classical composers , Bach , Mozart , Beethoven . Well , I dropped a hint or two , and come Christmas morning , there was a large present under the tree addressed to me . I tore it open , and out fell a piece of fabric and the note : " I'm sorry , I couldn't afford the whole bag , so you'll have to be content with the Handel ! 
So ... How many more times do you think Germany will score in the next twenty minutes ? 
Never see films like 127 Hours without a little research first . I hope you've learned your lesson . 
Dad came back from a week's conference in Rome today . Any souvenirs ? The Eular Compendium of Rheumatic Diseases . Thanks Dad . I'll take my Father's Day present back now . 
It's amazing how easily distracted one can get . Revising outside earlier , I noticed that the sky was a darker shade of blue immediately above me than lower down in the sky . And I remember that much more readily than whatever it was I was reading . 
Is anyone else thinking of going to the Open Day at York on July 7th ? 
Isner and Mahut are at it again , and it looks like we be in for the long run once again ... 
I was in Waitrose this afternoon , still in uniform without the blazer , and a woman asked me to help her find something , thinking I looked like one of the staff . 
So I just turned on the football while waiting for something else to come on . And what's with all the airhorns ? It can't be helpful to the players . 
This summer , I'm setting myself a task of at least two short stories before I get rusty . And to make a change from my fantasy tales , I'm basing them on song lyrics . Any suggestions ? 
Every teach-yourself music book starts with Oh When The Saints Go Marching In . On the plus side , that makes it easier to tell if you're doing it correctly . 
Good heavens , Miss Sakamoto ! You're beautiful ! 
Oh , and people looking for a job , I noticed that the Waterstones in town wants someone behind the counter . Apply at waterstones.com . 
Right , that's my summer sorted . Library and Waterstones and six weeks ' worth of free time equals a happy summer in my book . 
It's always unsettling chatting to someone you don't know over the internet , even if it is only about banking . 
I just got my first offer . Granted it's from Bangor , but still . How unexpected . 
Lancaster has set a very high benchmark on its open day . 
I have the house to myself this weekend . So when my parents called earlier to make sure I hadn't burnt the house down , I joked that I was inviting people round and having a miassive party . As you do . And yet my mother felt the need to call up again just to make sure I was joking . Has she even met me ? 
Felt like learning the lyrics to the House of the Rising Sun , but which ones ? Depending on which version you hear the narrator could be a gambler , a prostitute , a conman , a murderer ... And the House is a gaol , a brothel , a casino ... 
Happy to introduce Christopher Morgan , Lucinda Hughes , Sam Bell and Daniel Raven to Dim Sum . Even happier at the popularity of the Char Siu Bau and that everyone tried everything apart from the chicken feet , to which I wasn't expecting many takers anyway . 
Gung Hei Fat Choi - Happy New Year 
Thanks for the birthday messages , everyone . Especially to those who stayed up past midnight solely to get theirs in early - the extra effort makes yours so meaningful . 
" Apollo 11 being given a secret mission when the world thought they were beyond radio contact is an incredible premise . And it's being squandered on Michael Bay's Transformers " Thank you , random forumite . Truer words are seldom spoken . 
- What language to they speak in the Czech Republic ? 
- ... Czech 
- All right , I just thought you'd know . 
I bought a ring the other day featuring a swan and its babies ; that's right , a cygnet ring . 
On average , GCSE students will receive £110.43 as a reward for good exam work . I don't know how many of you got something similar , but I just want to say that this really pushes my buttons . This is the student's own future ; they are the only ones who stand to gain something ; their grades are their reward and with their grades they receive exactly what they deserve , and shouldn't get anything more . 
" Oh no ! It's Two-GCSEs Jeremy ! " 
" Mah ownly weakness is mah lack of a miseducation ... " 
I am afraid that this is one time when I must doubt the gospel of Stephen Fry and his QI elves , but I cannot believe that 88% of people think the queen faces left on coins . Sure , one doesn't take much notice of everyday things , but right for coins , left for stamps . It's not complicated . 
UCAS paid and sent off . Well , better late than never , eh ? 
overthinks everything to the point of disaster ; 
He should learn to make some decisions much faster . 
( Not a great effort , but with meter and rhyme ; 
The best I could do with so little time ) 
Jeremy Hardy's rendition of Thank You For The Music to the tune of I Vow To Thee , My Country is the most hauntingly beautiful thing I've ever heard . 
As I was making my way down the street , 
I saw two girls dressed up ever so neat 
With grey vest and blazer , and apple green dress , 
But the hat that I've saved for last was the best : 
A little straw boater , with green hat band tied . 
Which school has this uniform that I espied ? 
Team America is such a bad movie . 
just fixed a puncture , and is feeling rather proud of himself . Although , given that he's been cycling just about day-in , day-out , for nigh on seven years , it's suprising that it's taking this long for him to learn . 
Than finding a rhyme scheme for ' limerick ' 
I doubt if I know of a grimmer trick . 
Perhaps a builder , named Todd , 
With thick blocks in his hod , 
Might possibly prefer a slimmer brick ? 
cannot tie a dickie bow to save his life . 
is considering dumping the pile of prospectuses in the recycling bin . I certainly want to , but the pack-rat in me wants to hang on to them in case I'll need them later . I won't , will I ? 
My birthday message gimmick becomes much harder when three people share the same birthday . Luckily , today has been quite a popular day for famous births . 
For everyone learning ( or who already knows how ) to drive : always , always , always INDICATE when you're making a turn . Or , if you forget , don't then have the gall to honk at the cyclist you run into turning left . 
Maybe you could cut me just a little slack - Would it kill you to be civil ? I've been patient , I've been civil , and this mountain is covered with wolves ... Maybe you should stay and have another drink and think about me and you ... 
Much as it rankles me to endorse ITV2 , to those doing World Challenge it's showing a programme wherein celebrities trek up the Peruvian Andes so check it out if you'd like a preview . 
read the whole of Flashforward ( by Robert J . Sawyer ) today . I was expecting it to be really deep scientifically ( and I wasn't disappointed - physicists , is " tardyon " an accepted name for a slower-than-light-speed object ? ) but during the less complex prose Sawyer shows off his true skill as a writer : He makes you care about everyone who dies , even if they're mentioned for less than a page . Definitely recommended . 
" Tchuh , there's roe everywhere " is not something one gets to say every day . 
You might have thought that I would be tired of french accents by now , but in fact I just spent the time since I got home watching Gigi . I don't know about the others , but had we been scheduled to stay in Nice until today I would have been quite content ; the unexpected delay , however , meant we couldn't get away quick enough . 
Watching the BBC's adaptations of Just William , I don't think I laughed as much since I actually read the stories . Definitely check them out if they come on again . 
Having watched Let The Right One In , I can understand why Matt Reeves wanted to remake it - it's good enough to warrant a more accessible release , but seeing as the original film left plenty of things up to the viewer's interpretation I expect the new version will explain things more thoroughly . And of course , so many people refuse to see a film in a foreign language , even when subtitled . 
" This box smells of wine . " 
" Oh yeah , that's because it used to be filled with wine . " 
" ... Classy . " 
Ordering in a curry is always easier than making one . And the end result is usually nicer , too . 
Rest in Peace , Gerry Rafferty . 
John Williams is such an incredible composer . Seriously . Think of a good movie tune . He wrote it . 
" You are nobody , until somebody loves you ... " Serves me right to listening to Ol ' Blue Eyes on a lonely Valentine's , eh ? 
