is gunna see Brenden tomorrow ! for like ... an hour ! yay ! 
and also ? updated the Randoms section of the quotes site if anybody cares 
Just remembered there's a goo anthem ! " i pledge allegiance ... to the goo ... of the united weirdness of Brenden and Krystal ... and to the hilariousness on which it stands ... one friendship , under goo , NOT invisible , with awesomeness and inside jokes for al 
Updated the Quotes site with the one thing you've all been waiting for ... plus added some new stuff to Matt's section . and also , don't freak when you see the new ugly format , its the only one I could find where the color was okay-ish and allowed ALL other 
HI CARPAL TUNNEL , HI 
Great Sorting Hat test : http://www.personalitylab.org/tests/ccq_hogwarts.htm yes this is what i'm frikkin doin at 7 am , stfu 
People are weird . I'm one of them . 
... wow . I forgot to do like , five thousand things this week . MISSION .... ACCOMPLISHED ... 
:D 
okay ... i just started a new drawing , and dude ? epic . That is all . 
is totally still awake . cuz i'm totally working on something awesome 
farm town won't load for me anymore ... :( i think my crops are dying ... 
Whoa , here it comes , That funny feelin ' again windin ' Me up inside . Every time we touch . Hey , I don't know , Oh , tell me where to begin ' Cause I never ever Felt so much 
BLARG honk 
is extremely thankful for the two solid hours of hair metal that will be coming out of her radio ... thank god for house of hair 
* hears sounds of approaching thunder storm * gooooood , good * rubs hands together * 
word of the day : " DOOPIDITY " we can thank Matt for such win 
I'm the hunter ! Searchin ' for love on these lonely streets , agaaaain ! I'm a hunter , searchin ' for things that I might never fiiiind , agaaaain ! ( WoOt Dokken ! Been waiting to hear this song for FOREVER !!! ) 
Have ya tried the Hot Pocket Hot Pocket ? It's a Hot Pocket inside of a Hot Pocket . Tastes just like a Hot Pocket ! 
the wireless at Sue's house is epic ! so since i know it won't cut out , I am gunna listen to my internet radio station ! hair metal- HERE I COME ! ( thank GOD ! ) 
just got back from dropping Brenden off at the train station ! Have fun in NYC Brenden and thanks Greg ^_^ 
randomly got invited to see Coldplay and is quite glad she went . Chris Martin made the show ; he was hilarious and really charismatic , and worked with the crowd a lot . Fanatastic lead singer 
I am writing letters ! Everyone NOT in the capital district(except Brenden , Rob , and Jason , cuz you already got stuff ) BEWARE !! BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA ! .... * rubs hands together * 
is about to go play Pokemon Stadium , where I will ( hopefully ) commence some ass-kicking 
GOT APARTMENT ! bwahahahahaha 
absolutely LOVES what has been recorded of the movie so far .... HILAAAAARIOUS .... 
listening to Sue clicking on every sound bit on the Tourrettes Guy soundboard .... and it's awesome . 
... so instead of House of Hair ... they're broadcasting a FOOTBALL GAME .... on my radio station . FOOT FRIKKIN BALL , which I thought I hated before , but suddenly hate a whole hell of a lot more . All I can say is that the stupid game better end soon and be followed by hair metal , or else . 
FUCK YES !!!!!! Just found out that Guitar Hero : Van Halen is going to be released later this year !!!!! I have been waiting for this game , without ever knowing if it was going to exist , since Guitar Hero first came out !!!! BYE MONEY !! BYE !! 
quote of the moment : AUGUST 2005- Krystal : " Ah ! I'm exploding ! " Tony : " We're all gunna kill us all !! " 
My Mom : " You're from Vermont , right ? " Brenden : " Yup , that's right . " Mom : " Oh ! So um ... what do you ... DO in Vermont ? " LMFHAO 
is finished editing and is deciding what publisher she wants to try ... 
any dolt with half a brain ... can see the whole world's finally gone insane ... to the point where I don't know if I'll upset the status quo if I throw poison in the water main ... 
was on the phone for SEVEN HOURS tonight with Matt , then came on facebook and went to make a status about but he beat me to it . Not surprising any more , but still damn hilarious . 
STILL updating quotes website ! ALEX , MIKE , SUE , TONY , AND STEVE , you guys have like 1 million more quotes a piece in your sections , and I'm still adding more , so check it out ! 
i should be sleeping :( but i can't . I PROMISE , BRENDEN , I WILL WAKE UP AND BE AWAKE WHEN YOU GET HERE !! 
working on my awesome poster ... while at Sue's house ... so there 
is drawing something for the Forest story ... and it's coolio ... 
.... the R-Z section on my Quotes site got eaten or something . so now !! I get to frikkin !! retype !! EVERYTHING !!!!!!!! except Ray's , Riley's , and like 1/3 of Rob's . GREEEAAAAT .... -_- 
added some stuff to the randoms section on quotes site ... and I've still got to finish editing that R-Z section that went all weird but ... this computer mouse is driving me crazy , soo FORGET it . 
is supposed to be working on a poster but is working on another one , but not really because its in the other room so in actuality i'm not working on something because i'm almost working on something else while I'm writing a letter but really supposed to be writing another letter . hi ! 
the weather looks like a piece of crap ... but at least it won't be hot outside , with the sun " staring " at us , as Travis likes to say 
is a little bit pissed ... and a little bit dizzy @_@ ... but is going to bed and getting ready for a long day tomorrow . at least i got to see somebody tonight ... 
Sending my documents from the desktop to my email , checking some last minute stuff , then packing the rest of my crap . Then tomorrow afternoon- leaving for RIT . Absolutely can NOT wait to get there .... 
Just updated quotes site and it's finally completely fixed ( that weird stuff that happened to R-Z is fixed ... ) so go check it out ! If you go to RIT with me , you've prolly got new quotes , so check it . 
well today was a piece of crap 
back at RIT !! 
just got back from wandering aimlessly outside/in tunnels/in corner store and before that watched Howl's Moving Castle at Ingle auditorium . I really need a copy of that movie ... 
is adding some stuff to the quotes site 
: ) 
Dinner , collecting sticks ect . for class , then other assorted homeworks , then hopefully some non-homeworks , then bed i guess 
saw AC/DC last night ... and will now die happy , despite what else happens for the next 50+ years of my life . They are ... amazingly epic .... and it was ....... amazingly epic 
We can push with all our might but nothin's gunna come ... oh nooo , nothin's gunna change . And if I asked you not to try , ooh could you let it be ? I wanna hooooold you and say , We can't throoow this all away , Tell me you won't go , you won't go , Do you haaave to hear me say ...? 
coloring things and tryiong not to let my eyes melt @_@ it is not the easy 
Happiness is elusive ; particularly , to those who are trying to capture it . 
Alison : " 50 MIIIIILLION !!! ... waaait ... is that a number ?? " Me : * head in hands * 
Actually went to a class and stuff ! and will hopefully go to another one later ! 
is doing a CRAP LOAD of historical research ... 
is a-waiting some hair metal . Better be no damned football games this time . 
Frank at DnD : " Okay . I throw my spirit companion down there . " ( rediscovered this today and couldn't stop laughing at the image . Plus , it sounds like something Travis would do ) 
loves how , SOMEhow , my phone charger said , " HEY ! I'm gunna go MIA for a few days until the PRECISE moment you get home from charging your phone at a friend's , at which point , Ricky will find me in the couch under the cushions ! Did I mention the best part ?? You NEVER ONCE brought me in the living room , so technically it's IMPOSSIBLE for me to have gotten here !!!! " --__-- 
tonight's plans : practicing ocarina , drawing , and listening to epic music . 
is editing what we've filmed of the movie so far .... dear god this is epic as all hell . and by epic i mean , effin ' funny 
is greatful to all the gods of rock n roll , particularly the deities of hair metal , because she has found a local station that plays House of Hair , and you damn well know she's listening to it RIGHT NOW !!! 
" There may be some pattern to this , so large , so complex that only time will make it clear . But it is too late to prevent this ... " 
4th roommate is here ! Yaaaaaaay ! also , still unpacking a bit , but mostly i'm trying to organize all my crap ! And I need to see Brenden today ! 
Overheard on the quarter mile today : " Equestrian club ? Isn't that like , underwater swimming or something ? " .... LMFHAO , there are SEVERAL things wrong with that statement ... 
ndovgaoegajbclqhwcogisvcoqvocgvoures yup i'm awake 
Just got back from an EPIC lunch where we literally sat in the restaurant for like 4 hours laughing our asses off . and making fun of colin . 
Got her ticket to Jim Gaffigan and piece #1 of her Halloween costume :) 
weeell well well , ya just can't tell , weeell well well my micheeeelle .... 
working on 2D while Priscilla makes plans to invade the kitchen .... and listening to Cowboy Bebop music . Thus far , the makings of a fairly good day . 
freakin loves living with Matt . when we're trying to come up with terrible , horrible things , we're an amazing team 
Like 5 mins ago- Ricky : " So for this homework , I have to come up with things that have a bad design . Like- The way it's made just isn't right so it has certain annoyances , or it's kind of faulty- " Krystal : " John ?! " LMFHAO !!!!!!! 
is going to go see Ponyo- uuugain- tonight . But is excited cuz it was a goood movie .... * rubs hands together * 
is quite pleased with her new protege/apprentice . Ricky is learning quickly ... gooood .... goooood ... * rubs hands together * 
Cold showers for the win ! 
Is in Pietr , Jason , Mike , and Frank's room , doing stuff to their stuff and using Jason's computer and listening to Mike play assorted loud music , some of which including the Power Rangers and Pokemon themes . And Jason can not find the book . And Grumptus is dying in his teacup :/ 
Sidney Crosby sucks 
wishes that her keyboard was with her at school , and that it didn't actually beloing to her mother that never uses it ... 
When you have insomnia , you're never really asleep . And you're never really awake . 
LOVES how she was reading the Wikipedia entry for Cliff Burton , and within a MINUTE , Fade to Black comes on pandora . ARE YOU KIDDING ME ?!? Ride the Lightning is ones of THREE albums Burton played on , and it frikkin comes on ! EPIC 
Great game , 5-2 victory , Dubinsky knows his effin ' job . and congrats to Del Zotto , first NHL goal ever 
4-3 win ! could've done with less penalties , but good game regardless . Nice 5 hole by Callahan , and 2 great goals by Gaborik . We are certainly shaping up :D 
HATES .... the heat 
Good morning 
is at Sue's for the last time before Sue leaves for school tomorrow . just had a ridiculous Walmart trip where Kaitlin was riding in the grocery cart ... and now the three of us are chillin waiting for Riley to show up . Kaitlin was right- seeing Sue packing her stuff and packing her van definitely makes the summer feel over 
from the other day : Mike : * eating pickles and talking to Sue * " UGH- can you get this hair off my pickle ?!? " Sue : " ..... " Krystal : " ... Thaaaat's what he said . " 
finally getting to organize my desk ! and I'm shortly going to begin hanging things on the walls ! FINALLY ! I'm definitely excited to get my damn Shrine up there , although it will be lacking lights this time ... 
Rangers opener tonight , 7:30 VS Pittsburgh . Gunna see how the new comers shape up . LET'S GO ! 
DnD quotes have been updated . And also , Ricky now has a section on the site if anyone's interested . 
feels ... completely ... like ... crap ... 
working on Haloween costume XD 
" Ya gotta love hotels . You leave , and the bellhop is like , ' Sir , may I help you with you BACKPACK ?? ' ... Uh ... no ? But I'll give you a dollar anyway . Sorry you have to dress like Captain Crunch ! ... I do like your crunch berries though . " ( aka , Jim Gaffigan was amazingly hilarious tonight ! ) 
Can you say , shut out ? 3-0 versus Anaheim ! Valiquette did pretty well , and that last empty netter was just too much ... well no it wasn't ... it was AWESOME 
Re-reading the first chapter of Forest , it reoccurs to me how much like a kindergarten class we are , and poor Garizole is the exasperated but patient teacher . It's frikkin HILARIOUS , but I feel kind of bad for him that he has to deal with us , of aaaall the people who could've wandered into the Forest . 
working on 2D project , then maybe some more Japanese ... 
enter the best 31 days of the year . Happy October : ) 
randomly sees Jason at Sol's , says hi ... then randomly sees Stevie at sol's , also says hi , then hears Jason say hi to someone so looks and it's Viv's girlfriend so surprisedly says hi and then Stevie points to her and says , " That's my roommate . " My brain is now shut off . If this world gets any damn smaller , it's gunna implode !!! 
" I don't know where my brains are . They're not on this planet , I can tell ya . " ~ Angus Young 
Today = Halloween costume , Jason + Frank visit ( therefore rockband most likely ) , possibly Dr. Who , dinner with Brenden , Hockey game , Halloween costume again , possibly Pokemon Blue , maybe homework , and then SLEEP ! This has the workings of a great day ! 
wow that game SUCKED ... a really BAD end to our win streak , which wouldn't have been so bad if Tortorella hadn't put Valiquette in goal but ... what can ya do . Still doing well overall ... 
Wow . Figuring out a schedule should NOT be this impossible . The New Media department has the absolute STUPIDEST system for when classes are available -- and the fact that what's actually available when on SIS is different on BOTH the planning sheet AND the CIAS website ?? Just great . Speaking of which , the CIAS website is freakin annoying . 
who doesn't need a little Van Halen in their life ? D.O.A ! 
really , really needs someone to punch her straight in the brain 
is now awake , and now going to work on a shit ton of shit for class tomorrow 
Really wants RIT to have a Quidditch team ... 
Classes are done for the week . Now ... pre-Halloween agenda : Finish costume , finish Deviantart entry , figure out what we're doing for Halloween ... 
Well hmm ... what do you do when no stores have pumpkins , and you've made plans to carve pumpkins ? Obviously you decide to carve apples . OBVIOUSLY . 
it's a Linkin Park kinda day 
one break and then class til 9.30 ... * throws confetti * and i really don't like walking to class without music :/ it's weird 
huh ! Just found out that Neil Peart plays drums on three of the songs on Vertical Horizon's latest album . And also , he wrote the lyrics to " Even Now " . Rush working with Vertical Horizon .... interesting to say the least 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN EVERYONE !!! Hoping for some good weather and fun today ... gunna be weird though , my first Halloween since around 8th grade where haven't been with Sue .... 
final score 3-2 . i want to say the devil's got pwned , but it was a close game 
... just did WORK ? whAT ? and now will work on costume . hi 
I guess I have a thing for 7 hour long phone conversations 
updated some stuff on the quotes site . Rob , Frank , Alyssa , and Alex , you've got new quotes . More to be added to the randoms ( and to other people's sections ) later ! it's late ... 
just tried to satisfy my Halloween disappointment by carving a face into one of those pumpkin-shaped pieces of candy corn ... sadly , it worked for a few minutes . lmfhao ! 
Stats for the Quotes site : been visited 271 times since it's creation in August , by 52 unique users . Seeing as there are 29 people who have Quotes sections , and some of these people have never been to the site , that's a good amount of people reading random hilarious stuff that they may or may not understand ! Good work ! 
Why drink the water from my hand ? Contagious as you think I am . Just tilt my sun towards your domain . Your cup runneth over again ... 
awaiting a text/call from Frank or Jason , and then onward to the pizza party !!! hellz yeah free food ! 
.... WTF HALLOWEEN IS IN 10 DAYS . ...... * FREAKS OUT * 
wants to reread parts of Forest . Is going to reread parts of Forest 
Needs to find a job . Immediately . 
Mario Party 2 with Jason and Rob XD ... wheeeen they actually get here , that is !! ( Sorry Frank . You've been temporarily replaced . John's fault . ) 
An actual story Frank told tonight : " And ya know what ? I actually went to the doctor's , and they couldn't find anything wrong with me . ... But I didn't actually go to the doctor's; but my soccer coach was a doctor , and he knew me well . ... But he wasn't really a doctor . But he owned a place . And had doctor's for friends . " ( welcome once again to my website . ) 
so RED is a really good band to listen to while editing a battle scene :D ( battle with Senarrl , for the curious [ and for those who actually understand that ]) 
4-2 victory ! so that's 6 wins in a row ... Damn . I'm just happy to see , for ONCE in the history of me being a rangers fan , that we have a power play that doesn't make me want to commit suicide ! 
just got in from 2D final crit . Went okay . Now working on self-portrait for Drawing crit tomorrow , and studying the shit out of Japanese for the final tomorrow . No real time to do anything else . shit . 
CONCERT .... WAS .... SICK .... got to meet RED by total chance , was pleasantly surprised by Taddy Porter's performance which rocked pretty hard , got a guitar pick from the guitarist of Pop Evil ( they rocked even HARDER !!! ) , then got EFFIN ROCKED TO DEATH BY RED , drank from lead singer of REDs water bottle , and then saving Abel was pretty okay 
so Rock N Roll Train just came on Pandora ... and instantaneously , the whole AC/DC concert just flooded back to me , and I'm totally pumped . Like ... I can SEE the concert when I close my eyes , I can see them on the stage . DAMN do I ever want to be back there ... 
new quotes from last session are up 
* suspiscously * thaaat's about a horse-sized shed , ISN'T it ? 
Good morning . .... and no , I am not kidding . 
is home at craptastic Cohoes . IN OTHER AMAZING NEWS , IT SEEMS LIKE YOU CAN PLAY LOTS OF NEOPETS GAMES NOW 10 TIMES FOR MONEY INSTEAD OF JUST 3 - 5 . i'm not sure yet if this compensates for the fact that I'm home ... 
Tonight : Acapellaween(AMAZING show Rohit :D ) , played an epic game of MarioParty2 w/ Jason and Frank , LMFHAO at yoshi being a tool . Had a fake argument w/ John and made him pretend to cry again , attacked Ricky with objects ( mostly belonging to him[except Matt's scythe ]) , ate frozen lemonade ( " Fraaank can I buy this ? " )& watched the 1st 3 episodes of Soul Eater . so basically , tomorrow is a day of hw or i'm SCREWED ! 
* checks Rangers website * ... why are we losing to the New York Islanders ? I'm kind of glad I can't watch this game ... 
SCOOOORE !! Someone dropped out of the full Drawing class I wanted and I got in !! Now my schedule effin ' RULES ! wOoT ! 
Happy birthday to who was , literally , voted Most Villainous Villain in the forest story 
tentative schedule : cleaning for a long time , studying japanese , playing Monster Rancher , hanging out with people 
just got back from the 101 Dalmatians play that the middle and elementary schools put on at the high school ! WoOt ! Great job , Alyssa , or should I say Cruella , you were awesome ! And Kaylee , you made an awesome chihuahua ! hahaha 
A decent Halloween , a bit disappointed . Experienced some awesome costumes & some cool people in the tunnels/sidewalks from Perkins to the Dorms . And a REALLY weird pair of people in green bodysuits with green material over their faces following me around through the tunnels and communicating with me through crude sign language , and dancing . Interesting to say the least . Really wished we had taken a walk though .... 
I was just guessin ' , At numbers and figures ... Pulling the puzzles apart . Questions of science , Science and progress , Do not speak as loud as my heart . Tell me you love me , Come back and haunt me , Oh and I rush to the start . Runnin ' in circles , chasin ' tails , Comin ' back as we are ... 
... HI ! I am home now . Kay . Um ... there's a storm here and it's cool . aaaand ... i guess i am gunna try to edit the story . kay . umm ... yup ! 
can't find a job ... so is finding alternative ways to make money , some including writing and others including drawing . She officially will be busy until the dawn of time , but feel free to leave a message after the beep . * BEEEP * 
had a frikkin BLAST last night playing Mario Party with Jason Green and Rob Guglielmo I actually started to lose my voice from screaming at the TV , partially because Yoshi was WINNING for a bit ! ( " I ... don't know what that thing is . " " What thing ? " " That thing . " " WHAT thing ? " " Yoshi . " ) SQUID TIME !!! and dog time ... by the time I went to bed it was waaaay past woof o'clock , I know that much 
registration is retarded . 6am ? really ? come ooooon ... 
is finally going to update the quotes site at some point tonight . also will do a bit of cleaning tonight . also , will goof off tonight . i think i'm gunna like tonight . 
We sailed on together , We drifted apart 
workin on stuff :D 
why are the openers to Inuyasha so ... nooot as good as all the ending themes ? ( on episode 58 right now ) 
AMAZING ! House of Hair is finishing up with My Michelle . And I was just gunna say it had been disappointing this week ! 
is finally back . Which is great ! except ... CLASS ON MONDAY !!! GRR !! I am " NOT a happy camper ... " ~ Jim Gaffigan 
going back to RIT today ... i think this is the first break ever where I haven't wanted to go back . for those I didn't get to see , this totally sucks ... sorry I kept being sick :( 
You can’t pick up not a single sound , You feel you’re winning , that’s what it’s all about , Knowing you are winning , oooh , And it could be the very last time , I could be in a rock ‘n’ roll dream . 
well , i should be going to bed . there's one key word in that sentence . and now ignoring everything i've just said here , I am going to work on my poster and listen to awesome music . for those of you who sleep , goodnight ! 
so remember that time when Jason was supposed to leave ? like 4 hours ago ? well he finally left ! :D i black-holed him on accident >.< 
since the AC/DC concert , I have had 3 dreams tht I've been ABOUT to see them again . The dreams always end either before they get on stage or right when they're about to . So i wake up in the midst of one today and tell myself it's gunna finish when I go back to sleep . And it did ! They played Whole Lotta Rosie , & THEN it ended in a nightmare ! But then Brian Johnson sat next to me & I got to talk to him so it's okay . 
Just actually realized what I said to Jason last night ... Krystal : " Grumptus is dying ... " Jason : " I know ... :( " Krystal : " And he doesn't even get to be grumpy anymore , because now he's in a teacup ! " ..... 
We're the middle children of history . No purpose or place . We have no Great War . No Great Depression . Our Great War's a spiritual war ... our Great Depression is our lives . We've all been raised on television to believe that one day we'd all be millionaires , and movie gods , and rock stars . But we won't . And we're slowly learning that fact . And we're very , very pissed off . 
Holy crap on a rack . Just had a lovely breakfast with Rohit Crasta and now is chillin on campus . Meeting quidditch people at 12:30 to talk about ... quidditch ... and then will hopefully have lunch with Rohit again , and then is going to CLASS ! * gasp ! * today's weird . 
heralded in the New Year by playing about 4 hours of AC/DC Rockband drums . Now that's what I call a celebration . for those of you who rock , you have been saluted . for those who don't .... weeeell , you suck . 
just keeps coming up with more and more stuff for the series ... talking to Matt the other night and re-watching Princess Mononoke tonight were huge contributing factors . This is pretty exciting , gotta say ... 
Lost out at sea on a wave , Somebody's gotta save , Gotta save me . I'm someone that I've never seen , Somewhere I'd thought I never , Never would be . 
Omg ... I just had ANOTHER dream about AC/DC . Except this one was longer and even more detailed and more ridiculous than ever . I just wish that I could have a dream about seeing them in concert without something TERRIBLE happening -_- 
Feel loved , feel loved . But we don't , and we won't , until we figure out ... Could someone deliver us and send us some kind of sign ? So close to giving up , cause faith is so hard to find . But you don't and you won't , until we figure out ... 
has fixed her computer so that when she changes the volume , it no longer goes , " BLOOP ! " 
WIIIIIINDY !!!! :D :D and lots of kangaroos 
has come to a couple big decisions . I feel like this is the first time I've decided anything in about a year . But I'm still far from a personal victory . About as far as you can get . 
What if I got it wrong ? And no poem or song , Could put right what I got wrong . And make you feel I belong . 
This is what you get . This is what you get . This is what you get when you mess with us ... For a minute there , I lost myself , I lost myself . Yeah for a minute there , I lost myself , I lost myself . 
a green guitar is probably the best thing ever ... 
okay ... writing a semi-creepy story that takes place during a thunderstorm while I'm sitting in the dark apartment with the creaking floor/walls and clicking radiator and other weird sounds while listening to classical music ... yeah . Great combination . * hurries up and turns lights on * 
is doing tooons of Japanese homework and has a Kanji quiz tomorrow ! Good thing I studied japanese on my own before coming to RIT , or seriously , I would know like , 2 kanji characters . Damn . 
SUGGESTIONS ? I'm modeling for Vikki's photoshoot tomorrow and am trying to figure out a famous person who has passed away that I can be for this shoot . Her original idea was Karen Carpenter , but I'm trying to think if there's someone else I look more like , or could pull off better . Has to be someone who is NOT ALIVE ! 
is pumped . somehow . 
[ of MTV/tv ] " You get it , and at first it's novel and brand new and then you watch every channel , every show . And then you become a little more selective , and more selective , until ultimately ... you wind up with a radio . " ~ David Lee Roth 
is in a HUGE Ken Watanabe mood so is going to watch Memoirs of a Geisha . If I'm up for it after I might watch Letters from Iwo Jima >.< and is eating cuz i'm starving 
Echoes and silence , Patience and grace . All of these moments I'll never replace . No fear of my heart , absence of faith . And all I want ... is to be home . 
So the last thing I expected/planned today was to wake up run out the door to catch lunch with Rohit and Gary ... and then get invited to go to their classes with them . Yet here I am in their Web Design class . go figure . 
is glad she got to see Rohit and Gary today and also glad she she only went to one out of two of their classes ( YES , i said THEIR classes ) . But now feels kind of blah . Figuring out what I feel like doing . meh . 
I've been lookin back on my life & all the things I've done to me . I'm still lookin for the answers , I'm still searchin for the key . The wreckage of my past keeps haunting me , it just wont leave me alone . I still find it all a mystery Could it be a dream ? The road to nowhere leads to me . Through all the happiness & sorrow I guess I'd do it all again . Live for today & not tomorrow . It's still the road that never ends . 
1-1 so far , let's see how this game goes ... speed up guys ! 
has noticed that watching Doctor Who consistently puts me in the mood to write . I wish I had something I was working on that fit that genre/tone more so that the mood could properly carry over .... 
Coloring her netry for the deviantart Halloween contest :D despite that I have tons of homework and a Halloween costume to be making -_-; 
Well uh uh baby I ain't got no plan , We'll float on maybe , would you understand ? ... I like songs about drifters , books about the same , They both seem to make me feel a little less insane . 
i am entertained . Dubinsky just said , of Crosby , " he can be such a little baby at times . " Good game so far , we stepped it up in the 2nd period . Let's keep it up for the 3rd ! 
WTH ! I put on pandora internet radio while looking up Van Halen on wikipedia . VAN HALEN comes on ! Then look up AC/DC merchandise online and just click a site , AC/DC COMES ON ! ..... AAAAHHH ! 
was sick all last night and got no sleep til 7:30 am ... however , I had a dream about AC/DC AGAIN and this time nothing bad happened in it . It was a good concert . and also , Matt is amazing . 
playing the guitar ... makes me wants to take a nap . I'm not giving in though . 
Halloween Weather Forecast : two websites say there will be AM showers ; one says rain all day . the last time it rained on Halloween for me , I was in 6th grade >.< Please please please please pleeeaaase don't rain all day .... this is going to totally blow ... 
is rewatching the clips recorded thus far from the movie that Alison and I are making ( with the help of Mike , Sue , and Fiona ) . Dear god this is the crappiest , but absolutely funniest , movie ever . I'm actually looking forward to summer so we can work on this again . And the bloopers are golden . 
i probably have like 10 homework assignments or something . I should probably check on that . hooot pockeeets ! 
watching Men in Tights at almost 4 am with Matt , Jason , and Pietr . What else could you want for a saturday night/near morning thing ? 
who remembers when the moose was on the loose in Cohoes ? And they hung up those stupid signs around the city with the picture of the moose head that said , " MOOSE ON THE LOOSE IN COHOES " ? 
is listening to Satriani and then onto some Yngwie Malmsteen ... aahh ... * reclines back in chair to the sounds of ' With Jupiter in Mind ' * 
" How do I get through to you that wishes just come true in dreams ? In my dreams . " ~ Dio 
feeling waaaaaay better now , and we won the game tonight 3-2 in overtime . Now ... to find something to do until I'm ACTUALLY tired . 
Really wishes she wasn't still awake working on her costume ... i want sleep 
I think Pretty Woman still has this beat when it comes to cheesy music videos , but Hot for Teacher is a contender in my book . I love DLR at the beginning with his , " SIT DOOOWN , WALDO ! " and then later choreographed dancing ... teachers in bikinis ... ridiculousness , but somehow amazing still 
Lately I've been measurin ' . Seems my time is growin ' thin . Wind me up and watch me spin ... Watch me spin ... Watch me spin ... Skin and bones , skin and bones , Skin and bones , don't you know ? Skin and bones , skin and bones , Skin and bones , don't you know ? I'm just skin and bones . 
wow . just woke up . hahaha 
i feel like she sort of accomplished something today . Had a great nearly 4 hour lunch with Rohit , then studied Japanese and worked on some of my own projects . In store for the future : more studying of Japanese , working on stuff for Toracon ( thanks Alison , I still feel bad about this ... ) , and working on more of my projects . Is hopeful things will get better in other areas of my life . 
That game was EXCELLENT . Very intense . Canada kept pushing us to skate faster and made us keep picking up our game to the next level . USA victory 5-3 , and with an empty-netter too . And not to mention , beating Crosby really makes this win feel even BETTER . 
Cause I remember all the times that I tried so hard , And you laughed in my face , cause you held all the cards . I don't care anymore . And I really ain't bothered what you think of me , Cause all I want of you is to just let me be . I don't care anymore . Do ya hear ? I don't care anymore . I don't care what you say , I never did believe you much anyway . 
I'm just a dreamer , I dream my life away . I'm just a dreamer , who dreams of better days . I watch the sun go down like every one of us . Hoping that the dawn will bring a sign . 
Standing in the rain , with his head hung low Couldn't get a ticket , it was a sold out show Heard the roar of the crowd , he could picture the scene Put his ear to the wall , then like a distant scream He heard one guitar , just blew him away He saw stars in his eyes , and the very next day Bought a beat up six string , in a secondhand store Didn't know how to play it , but he knew for sure ... 
You're a drop in the RAIN , Just a number , not a NAME , And you don't see it . You don't BELIEVE it . At the end of the day , You're a needle in the hay , You signed and sealed it . And now you gotta DEAL with it . Humanity , Humanity . Goodbye . 
I really don't mind that Canada won . What I do mind , however , is that Crosby got the game-winning goal in overtime . He really does have an ego , and this is the last thing that we all needed- for it to get fed . Congratulations to the Canadian players with professional attitudes that the cameras don't stalk , you did really well . 
Interviewer : " Do you consider yourself a star ? " Bon Scott : " I see stars , sometimes . " 
No matter how well I forget everything , You bring it crashing back down with one ring , Of my telephone ; had been docile all day . No matter , no matter how far away , I get from it all , By tooth and nail and claw , You're dragging me down . 
Jackie Chan Adventures season 1 complete !!!! Now commence the probable waiting for another 7 months to watch the next one . 
working on some prints for Tora-con , then studying the crap out of Japanese . Then maybe starting on some commissions . Thanks to those of you who responded so quickly to my note . Whether you were tagged in it or not , please take a look >.< 
Cuz yesterday's got nothing for me , oh , Pictures that I'll always see . Time just fades the pages in my book of memories . I'll just keep movin ' along , No time to plant my feet . 
so i know what I should NOT be doing ! trying to make a role playing game based on my book . ... but I totally should be . But no , I shouldn't be . Is this due to DnD withdrawal ? AND lack-of-working-on-my-book-series withdrawal ? Probably . 
Rangers versus Sabres tonight ! LET'S GO ! 
can you say .... DUBIIIINSKYYY !?!? Tying it up with 1:26 on the clock , time for sudden death overtime , boys ! I could go for a shoot out right now ... 
is awake ? And working on something ? And then going out somewhere ? ..... [ enough to like ? ] whoa . 
Just got in a from a ridiculous night with my cousins , and heading back to RIT tomorrow . I'm kind of disappointed that I literally got no time to relax this entire vacation , so after more cleaning and studying when I get back to school , that is what i plan on doing . 
Come on baby finish what ya started , I'm in comPLEEEETE . That ain't no way to treat the broken hearted . I need some sympaTHHYYYY ! 
>.< accidentally kept Ricky awake for like an hour past when he was going to go to bed . now he just stumbled away to go pass out @_@ .. whooops 
There's a time and place for everything , for everyone . We can push with all our might , But nothing's gunna come . Nothing's gunna change . And if I ask you not to try , would you let it be ? I want to hold you and say , We can't throw this all away , Tell me you won't go , won't go , Do you have to hear me say ...? 
well , I'm not sure who the Conductor is in The Visit , if it's a train conductor ( I know there's a scene at a train station ) or if it's a choir conductor ( i also know there's a choir ) , but whoever or whatever they are , apparently that's who I'm being in the play . 
Miss the beat , you lose the rhythm . Nothing falls into place . Only missed by a fraction , slipped a lil ' off your pace . The more things you get the more you want ; just trade in one for another . Workin so hard to make it easier , whoa Gotta turn- c'mon!- turn this thing around Right now . Hey , s'your tomorrow ! Right now , c'mon it's everything ! Right now . Catch a magic moment , do it Right here and now . It means everything 
Pretty much perfect weather outside right now ! Sunny but the clouds make it NOT obnoxiously bright , slightly cool ( YES , 35 degrees is slightly cool for me ) , and slightly breezy . Not to mention I just bought gushers , two flavors of frozen lemonade , and successfully resisted buying two boxes of toaster strudels . Now ONWARD WITH THE DAY !! 
And an old guitar is all he can afford , When he gets up under the lights to play his thing 
I had YET ANOTHER dream about AC/DC performing in the CCS gym . Except the gym was on the 2nd floor , and AC/DC was SO LOUD that they cracked a hole in the floor ! people downstairs were like >:-O but some came upstairs to watch . Before they could play DDDDC the CCS owner people told them they had to leave . BUT I got to talk to Brian before that and he was SO COOL ... and he gave me a hug . and Tony was with me !! 
Sitting here with the windows open , and seeing the clear blue sky outside , and blaring Van Halen has made me realize David Lee Roth was beyond right when he said that Van Halen is a summer band . Their music coincides so well with nice weather !! Prolly better than any other band I've ever heard ! 
played buhgasketball and Rob Guglielmo got his revaaaahnge ! UUGGGHHHH ! * poke * also , Richard Senft apparently has two more hours of watch to Lost . 
somehow , it is the 17th already . It feels like it was just riley's birthday and now it's the middle of the month ? what the hell ... 
Cause I feel you cross my mind , In dissarray , Intoxicated ricochet . There's nothing wrong . Just don't take too long . 
I wanted to feel you , I tried to belong here , With all of the ghosts and faded headlines . But I couldn't read you ; No , you wouldn't let me . You always pull away from the ones you can't define . Are you tired of holding up the sky ? And teaching birds to fly ? You've done it all your life ... 
Martin Luther King Jr. ' s birthday today . He was a real leader of men and an inspiration . Let us all let today inspire us to work towards peace , even in small ways , amongst our family and friends for example . Be kind to someone today . Let's do it up . 
okay . guess it's decided . I'm going to be Ava Gardner for the photo thing . Thanks for your suggestions for those who actually gave real ones ! Thanks for everyone else for the joke ones that made me laugh ! ( still woulda liked to have been Janis Joplin but it's all good ! ) 
Well it woulda been , coulda been , Worse than you would ever know .... Oh the dashboard melted but we still have the radio 
Well thanks for the time I needed to think a spell , I had to think a while . I had to think a while . The ocean breathes salty , won't you carry it in ? In your head , in your mouth , in your soul . And maybe we'll get lucky and we'll both grow old . Well I don't know , I don't know , I don't know . I hope so . 
Okay . MacDonald's sponsoring the Olympics and having commercials saying " eat like an Olympian " has got to be the most backwards thing I have ever seen . The last place an Olympian athlete is gunna go to eat is MACDONALD'S . In other news , watching USA vs CANADA for hockey . 
Again , MY CELL PHONE IS NO LONGER IN SERVICE . DEAD . GONE FOR NOW , MAYBE FOREVER . It appears I can receive calls but I am NOT SURE if doing so will run up the bill even more ; I can NOT make any calls . I can not text or receive texts . If you want to contact me , use the internet . Please do not randomly show up at my house , because I am probably working ; once again , I'm online so use the internet . Thank you , that is all . 
Volo Endymionis somnum dormire 
feeling awful ... hopefully watching the movies in class today will be fun . And then later I get to make everyone watch my movies from class ! hopefully i'm feeling better by then -_-; 
raise your hand if you are frustrated beyond belief at the lack of information and procedure your college pre-emptively communicates with you . * raises hand * 
I saw AC/DC on August 2nd , 2009 , almost a year ago now ... but I've realized something important tonight . A part of me has never really left the Times Union Center , and I don't think it ever will . Greatest night of my life . 
Not even 24 hours ago , I thought happily to myself , " Huh . I didn't really have a stalker this past year , did I ? Let's hope that continues . " and now I think I might have one on deviantART . ... One day I'm going to get myself a crossbow , and go a huntin ' . 
the first Rangers game of the season is juuuust about to start ! can not wait ! 
okay . So i guess I don't have to go to the labs . My computer finally decided it would let me install a trial of CS5 . I guess the other 4 times it didn't work were figments of my imagination . Well , then . 
i give up . I'm going to bed . 
Bread and Jam Cafe is closing down for good as of Friday . I have not gotten an ounce of good news lately .... This is terrible . 
things that will happen ( maybe ) by the time we're all 50 : we will reach epic tier in DnD , I will graduate from RIT finally , and John will play Mass Effect 3 . 
a win for the Rangers in a shoot out , holy shit Wolski with that gorgeous fake out !!! But Anisimov brought it home ! SWEEET ! 
Orion is a masterpiece of instrumental metal wonderfulness 
if three of our best guys weren't injured , we'd be winning more games , cuz we have a really good team . at least Christensen is back ... 
" How did you know ? " I asked in a surpried way . Voldemort got a ' DUDE you're so retarded!' look on his face . " I have telekinesis ! " he answered cruelly . ~ ~ quoted from Hellfire Commentary's dramatic reading of one of the worst Harry Potter fan fictions ever . 
OH MY GOD , OH MY GOD ..... HOLY CRAP ..... ANDREW BOUGHT ME A 3-MONTH PREMIUM MEMBERSHIP FOR DEVIANTART !!!!!!!!! YOU GOTTA BE KIDDING ME .... 
so today started out terrible , became really good , then went back to terrible . Honestly , minus the museum trip this has been a REALLY bad day -_- 
What is meant to be , will be . Eventually . 
Apparently today is national Slayer day , according to my radio station . In which you are supposed to blast Slayer as loud as ya can , all day . Yet I have not heard them play any Slayer those hypocrits ! 
yup . I am done watching the hockey game . that is how much it SUCKS right now . I'm so glad I rushed back to watch it . 
just submitted some poetry to Signatures . this should be interesting ... 
I think I have finally found a shoe that fits . And no , I don't mean literally . It's called a metaphor . 
* on the quarter mile * 
Jason : " Frank , is that art ? " * points to something * 
Frank : " ... sure . " 
Krystal : " Frank , what about that , is that art ?! " * points to something else * 
Frank : " ... SURE ! " 
Jason : " Frank . ... On a scale from 1 to art , what ART it ? " 
Frank : " ............ -_-;;" 
My people are the misfits , 
The ones that don't fit in , 
With the smile I know it comes within 
and in one fell swoop , I screw up everything . Okay , well , maybe two fell swoops . ... either way , everything's still screwed up 
scott pilgrim = melting brain > having thoughts 
DEFINITION : = pre-Frank : the era in time at RIT where Frank did not frequent our group of friends . Approximately September to October of 2008 . example = Krystal : " At the beginning of last year , everyone in our group of friends had glasses , except John . This was pre-Frank . " 
" We cross another road , And face another day . Soldiers never die ; They only fade away . How can we grow old , When the soundtrack of our lives is rock and roll ? And the best is yet to come . " ~ the Scorpions 
I am so proud of the emails that I send out . You know , the ones that don't say they're from me and say they're from someone else . Yeah those ! gotta love it ! 
So . Pre-ordered the Scorpions new ( and final , ever ) CD , " Sting in the Tail " . Damn good stuff . Closest venues to Albany ( so far ) for the wrold tour are Holmdel , NJ ( 3 hours 27 minutes ) and Wnatagh , NY ( 3 hours 29 minutes ) . They'd better make plans to come to the capital of NY , come on , it's only logical here ... 
we'll you can tell everyone I'm a damn disgrace . Drag my name all over the place . I don't CARE anymore . I don't care anymore . And you can tell everybody ' bout the state I'm in , But you won't catch me cryin ' cuz I just can't win . I don't care anymore . I don't care no more . 
is randomly pumped about the Scorpions concert again even though it was in June XD * watches things on youtube * 
Good day with the cousins minus the interesting guy on the bike that yelled out at me ... oh , Cohoes . Trying to finalize what my nickname for camp tomorrow is gunna be , then hopefully bed . Then working at camp from the crack of dawn to early evening ... Hopefully it goes well . 
There was a time , when we sailed on together , Once in a dream , that we shared on the way . There was a place where we used to seek shelter . I never knew the pain of the price I would pay . 
I had so many different things I could do , but then realized there was a hockey game on . now I don't have to make a decision ! 
BEST GAME I HAVE SEEN IN A DAMN LONG TIME . KING HENRIK , GABORIK , DUBINSKY , AND DRURY ! WOOOOOO !!! 4-3 , puts us in the running for THE EFFIN ' PLAYOFFS !!!!! Last game of the season is Sunday at 3 , and it's a DAMN big game ... LET'S ... GO .... RANGERS !!!!!! 
Rest in peace Randy Rhoads . died March 19th , 1982 . A huge loss to the world of heavy metal , and guitars in general . I can't imagine how much more talent and skill he'd possess today if he were still with us . 
LET'S go RANGERS !!!! 3-1 hells yeah !!!! 
So with my promo code I can pre-order up to 4 tickets for The Scorpions . New dates for the US are still being released . I actually don't think the Times Union Center sells tickets through tickemaster , so if there's a date in the tour for Albany I won't be able to preorder . But we'll see what happens . I don't mind finding a way to get to an out of state venue ... 
Hockey season cannot start soon enough !! but then again , yes it can , because Drury will most likely be out for a bit of the start ... 
" Many actors , I've read , are introverts ; and many introverts , when socializing , feel like actors . " 
" It is getting closer 1945 . The Battle of Stallingrad was the last attempt to take down Russia , this a major turning point which Hitler lost alot . " 
shocked that I'm actually awake after only 3 hours of sleep . finishing packing and maybe outta here by 9:30 ? Sweet ! 
has gone to the bathroom leaving her computer wiiiiide open ! :D :D :D All who read this can go lose the game . 
And all the things I wish I had not said , Are played on loop til it's madness in my head . Is it too late to remind you how we were ? But not our last days of silence , Screaming , blur . Most of what I remember makes me sure , I should have stopped you from walking out the door . You could be happy , I hope you are . You made me happier than I'd been by far . 
Flyers had it tied up -- then GABORIK FROM NOWHERE !!! HOLY CRAP !!! WOOOOT ! 4-3 
and thanks to Snoop Dogg being in the feild house , I can't get to my god damned atm . To put money in so I can order my Scorpions ticket . Which I wanted to do tonight . Before the REST of them get sold out . In closing , however much you thought I hated rap music , increase that by about 1000% 
Don't wait because I'm dreaming , of angels on the moon , Where everyone you know , Never leaves too soon . 
So I tried replying to a post on my OWN WALL ... and got this message : " You have been blocked from posting on walls because you repeatedly misused this feature . This block will last anywhere from a few hours to a few days . When you are allowed to reuse this feature , please proceed with caution . Further misuse may result in your account being permanently disabled . " 
Oh my god , it is SO close to Halloween ! XD 
making my sign for Chill Beats 2010 and waiting to find out if Phil Yam and Sal Saia are alive or not . GO TO CHILL BEATS !!! Ingle auditorium , $6 to get in to the best a cappella show you're gunna see this year . Think about why you're not going yet , then forget that crap and be there ! 8Beat Measure is awesome , don't miss out ! 
There was a time when nothing ever really mattered , There was a time when there was nothing I didn't know , There was a time when I knew just what I was living for . There was a time , and the time was so long ago . There was a time , and the time was so long ago . 
Just loves getting woken up throughout the night by horrible dreams .... three nights in one week . At least the kimono show is today . 
RIT people : Saturday night , go to Chill Beats . RIT's most awesome a cappella group 8Beat Measure is putting on a big concert at Ingle , doors open at 7:30 . $5 in advance if you know/find an 8Beat member and buy a ticket , $6 at the door . It's totally worth the money so be there ! ( this plugging was 100% shameless and of my own accord ) 
Sarge : " That was the worst driving of all time ! " Griff : " Because that wasn't DRIVING ! That was FLYING and BURNING !!! " Sarge : " Touche . " 
I KNEW THERE WAS A REASON CHURCH IS MY FAVORITE RVB CHARACTER . Just watched Reconstruction and hooooly craaaaap .... I haven't gasped that loudly at an episode of something in FOREVER . PLOT CRAP . ( for souls ) 
If any website is the shit one every brick ( and this is RIT people , that's a lot of friggin bricks ) , that site would be Google . Or should I say Topeka . 
LMFHAO !!! ( Rin and Jaken are sitting in a field waiting for Sesshoumaru . ) Rin : * singing * " Master Jaken , Master Jaken , why oh why , are you so GREEN ? " Jaken : * SIGH * " Idunno ! " 
Thanks to everyone for an awesome Halloween ! I hope everyone had a good time ! 
Should be back tonight unless something else weird happens . Hopefully something else weird happens . 
If you " like " this status I will post on your wall something I like about you . Make this your status if you want a challenge or are a jerkbird 
Watching I Love Lucy , eating chicken and fries shaped like smiley faces , and going to class at 2 . Yup . I'm back at college . 
made $47 at Tora Con . would've made more if I'd had my prints ready ... ya know , like if I knew I had an artist'a table ? yeah ... oh well . Armcannon and being Kiki and chillin with Alison made it worth it , but I now have so much to do and am so exhausted ... I basically am NOT going to be around for the next week due to perpetually being busy . 
lunch with Rohit , Japanese class , then going to try to get this project looking presentable before class at 6 . Not sure it's possible ... 
Waking up to a thunderstorm at 10:30 am was actually a great surprise . Thunderstorms and rain are consistantly awesome writing weather and for some reason really inspire my imagination . Not sure why , but it's welcome nonetheless ! 
" So top grade's O for ' Outstanding , '" Hermione was saying , " and then there's A- " " No , E , " George corrected her , " E for ' Exceeds Expectations . ' And I've always thought Fred and I should've got E in everything , because we exceeded expectations just by turning up for the exams . " 
I hate this house . I don't legitimately hate many things ... but I hate being in this house . I wish I had a job and an apartment . 
FINAL FOR DRAWING : ( Portrait) " In 
troubled times , who do you think represents the face of hope for the 
future ? A writer ? Artist ? Political figure ? If the person is alive , how 
could they change things to come ? If they are dead , what is the legacy 
they leave behind that might make a change ? How would you illustrate 
this person's impact thus far ? " MY CHOICE : Angus Young . 
needs the second season of MacGyver ... -_- hidbcvqla . cj hk , OGL JBCg ugjcb 
Thought we'd win in that shootout . But damn , what an effort from Lundqvist . FORTY ... FOUR .... SAVES ... Man . Our offense lost too much energy in the 3rd period or I bet we'd have been on form and kept our lead/pulled ahead . Good season with a lot of fresh talent , which we'll be back with next year to try again . NY RANGERS FOREVER . 
Jupiter Jazz 1 & 2 really are the best episodes of Cowboy Bebop . Though Ballad of Fallen Angels , and The Real Folk Blues 1 & 2 are too good to be discounted 
... ow . my everything . :/ 
the snow outside is all like FAAWOOOOOoooooOOOOOSH ! ... just sayin . 
Sue : * playing shadow of the colossus , fighting #9 * " He's got like ... BALCONY for a FACE !!! " LMFHAO !!!!!!!! 
Can't believe how many changes I'm undertaking for my deviantART . It's already starting to pay off and it better continue to do so cuz this is a lot of work ! <_<; 
Every few months I fall in love with AC/DC all over again . So goes the rock n roll train that is my life ... 
this is definitely not matt hi 
Look out , look out . The candyman . Here he comes , and he's gone again . 
When the toll runs high and your spirit runs low , When you just want to lay where the tall grasses grow , Forget everything , let your spirit sing , Rest on my wings ... I'll fly you to where we remember , If you let yourself remember . 
I am not ready to go back to class at all , whatsoever , even vaguely ; I am , however , ready to get back to my apartment and roommates . 
weird day today , got to finally see Wazir Neil Sookram ... why is it I only see him whenever I wear Ricky's hat ? what the heck ... 
MY PHONE IS NO LONGER IN SERVICE . I'm not sure if it even ever will be again . We also have no house phone anymore so there is no way to contact me except the internet . I'm not sure if our phones are ever going to be turned back on or not , and if they are , WHEN that day is is a mystery to me , so for now if you need to talk to me it's going to have to be AIM or facebook . 
RIT Eight Beat Measure . Chill Beats 2010 . That is all . 
PANAMA ! PANAMUH-HUH ! PAAANAMA ! PANAMUH-HUH-UH-HUH-UH-HUH ! ascvqowugcbojlbw van halen ausgcoliakshbciygq5thdimensionhqevcoqluw ! 
needs about another month off from school . That would be great ... 
Things to know when exploring the RIT woods : 1 ) yellow and pink snails like to congregate on rocks , but you will get there too late to see anything but their broken shells , 2 ) There are two trees that are SO OLD , you don't even understand how old they are , 3 ) Streams eat sunglasses , but give $5 compensation , 4 ) If you can't cross the swamp ?! ... DON'T . and 5 ) The wheels on the bus don't move at all 
Alex Alund is gunna be famous one day . He's going to be the world's leading forensic scientist as well as a popular guitar player known for his awesome playing and vocals and cool lyrics . In the meantime , I'll be a famous author and artist and we wil do famous people stuff together , because we are awesome . And Riley Rock can come too :P 
I need to figure out a hell of a lot more than I thought . But for now , I will read one chapter of this book . 
might finally have a job . 
holy shit , lemons are soooooo goooooood . at this moment they are my favorite fruit . 
it has been so long since I've been able to listen to Q103 during the weekdays and hear Mrozek's mystery riff . I am excited for this . 
needs to play a video game where there is either : a ) rock music , or b)killing things . now . I think i'm going to opt for A with a later infusion of B while listening to A 
RIT Eight Beat Measure did a great job at Acapellaween tonight !! Congratulations on a job well done , and congrats Rohit Crasta !! you're awesome and the concert rocked ! XD 
just played through all of solo career drums on AC/DC rockband -- again . And now listening to House of Hair with Dee Snyder til midnight . This is a just a rock and roll kinda night ! 
" ... And these children that you spit on as they try to change their worlds , are immune to your consultations . They're quite aware of what they're going through ... " ~ David Bowie 
DAMN STRAIGHT HOUSE OF HAIR IS PLAYING " SHELTER ME " BY CINDERELLA !!! THIS MADE ME EXTREMELY HAPPY !!!!!!! We all neeeed , a little sheeelteeeer ! Just a liiiitle heeeelpeer , to get us byyyYYYYYyyyyy ! WOOOO ! 
Expect me to post a facebook note about the Scorpions within the next 48 hours . That is all . 
The quote of the day : Alison Carlin : * after we have a ridiculous conversation * " Man . We are one awesome guy ! " Krystal : * in voice * " Yeah except for there actually being two of us ! " Alison : " .... " * realizes what she said , starts dying * 
Does anyone know of any places in or around Cohoes that are hiring ? I just checked several websites for businesses and found that they are either not hiring , not hiring foir positions I can do , or they have no application info on their site . 
food , doing stuff/research to give to my adviser , washing dishes , hockey game , more food , the rest of hockey game and hopefully watching us win , and then movie night with Brenden ! 
I want to get stuff done , but I don't feel like working on ANYTHING . I hate days like this , and how damn frequent they are this summer ... * grumble grumble * 
" I will let go , if you will let go . " 
Ted Nugent = the loudest , craziest 62 year old ever . knocked out guy in street = .... BAHAHAHA yeah you totally deserved that you loser 
alright , Karma . I'll take that as step one and one and a half towards making things better . Thanks . 
so this is the first time in years that I have missed the midnight premier of a Harry Potter movie :/ I don't ... REALLY care , but it's more weird than anything else . Considering there's only one more time after this that it will ever happen , I should make it a point to actually go to the last one 
Great White is an underrated band . everything I've heard by them is awesome , yet I never hear about them 
workwwork work work work workwork work 
finished with everything and finally awake , and now , to work on my own stuff and watch a hockey game ... 
Happy 6 year anniversary of graduation to the 7 members of the last ever graduating class of CCS : Alex Alund , Timothy Carknard , Erik Benamati , Tom Howe , Michaela KiKi Powers , Matthew Sadler , and me . 6 years since we had reccess til 8th grade , watched Matt mess with Mr. Merges , and threw plastic forks into sky lights . Mmkay ? 
this is the first time I've ever screwed up a drawing so badly I had to use an exacto knife to cut OUT a chunk of the paper , and am now going to cut another peice of paper the exact same size and stick it in there O_o this is strange 
Open mic night at the Bread and Jam tonight . Going to finally see Riley Rock , and going to watch Alex Alund performing some songs :D 
You could be happy And I won't know . But you weren't happy the day I watched you go . And all the things that I wish I h.a.d. n.o.t. s.a.i.d. , Are played on loop til it's m.a.d.n.e.s.s. in my head . Is it t.o.o. l.a.t.e. to remind you how we were ...? Most of what I remember makes me sure ... I should've stopped you from walking out the door ... 
My unconditional love for RIT is consistantly proven to be unrequited . 
I had a dream that I played a game ( one my brain made up , except it was in great detail and all made 100% sense ) that I now like the idea for SO MUCH , that I'm writing it all down . I think this proves to me why I never feel rested when I wake up ; my brain is still functioning waaaaaay too well when I sleep . And it should stop that . 
home -- yes , home -- and feeling like crap . that's also the reason for being home . Two more days of camp left . 
I have this huge urge to re-read Harry Potter , even though I just re-read the entire series last summer . 
listening to people do math makes me glad that math and I reached an understanding long ago ; that we would stop trying to understand each other . 
The present is the ever moving shadow that divides yesterday from tomorrow . In that lies hope . 
finally almost has her room organized ! but the walls are still blank :/ 
is really going to try to accomplish something with this first chapter . Diving in now , hopefully not coming up for air til it's finished . 
" Do you have problems with dialects ?! Order Colin Mochrie's Guide to Dialects in Different Countries ! You get French : ' Herro!'; Spanish : ' Herro!'; Indonesian : ' HERROOO!' " ~ Wayne " The Wayne Brady surfboard , with a bump big enough to sit on ! " ~ Colin 
... yup . 
reasons to pull a pseudo all-nighter : 1 ) free beer and hot wings is on in a half hour so why bother , 2 ) I feel like working on something but don't know what , 3 ) nothing better to do ... 
YES !!!!! facebook added cousins ! Oh man , I have legitimately been waiting for this for forever ! If you're my cousin , watch out , cuz I sent you a request a majig ! 
Had a great time at the bread and jam tonight . Delay due to the parade + Alex signing up last = long but fun wait , and I can't wait to see the videos we took :D Especially the one with the interruption VIA toilet paper . Quote of the night : Riley Rock : " I wondaaaah ... if purses are ticklish ! " * tries to tickle my pocketbook * 
Ricky hates the hedgehog =( but apparently it's a magical karma-activater , so it's all good 
I feel the cold wind blowin ' , beneath my wings , It always leads me back to sufferin ' ... 
I am making it my mission right now to remind everyone of something awesome/stupid they've said . Many people reading this will get a wall post within the night . ( aka , i just updated the quotes site and got blackholed by it XD ) 
i am soooooo tired right now and i have no idea why .... 
House of Hair with Dee Snyder !! 10pm to 12pm on Q103 ! 
Quote of the night : * at the Bread and Jam , some is up on stage for open mic night , and says something which , apparently , prompted the following response from the spectators * Slightly Drunk ( most likely ) Man sitting somewhere behind us : " If you're from COHOES , you can make it ANYWHERE !! " 
* in the voice * said heylo to a recorded message on the voicemail of the daughter from Michael John Fagan Jr. the mother of the daughter , and once again realized that he is my mother . And he will go to mother's club cuz the fathers fish , and I will bake him a pie because he is hungry and if I do not do the pie-baking ( with the wolves howling ) then he will call my father because he is my mother . 
So apparently , my dog has a spinal condition , and some form of arthritis in her shoulder , AND a fever of 104 ( dog ' normal temperature is like 100 ) so she needs to take THREE medications now , two of them being twice daily . The dog's frikkin three years old . Wonderful . 
Awake but tired . Prolly not going to be up for anything today , going to unpack and plan out commissions and my own projects . Possible plans for later dates are welcome and suggestions will be up for review . 
Is going to ..... edit Forest ? whoa ... 
had a dream that I was with RIT people at a mall near school , and I found this gemstone store and I was looking around at all their awesome stuff , and the guy that worked there started talking to me and he realized I knew more about rocks than the other people that worked there , so he gave me a job O_o 
probably will not be able to take Japanese for winter OR spring quarter next year . Art classes are scheduled for the stupidest , most inconvenient and mismatched times , which make scheduling anything else ridiculous . RIT should probably make an effort to get on my good side . 
Oh my god , what this book needed all along was a prologue . This is friggin awesome ! 
* sleeps * 
feels like crap . ow . 
So , question : if I were to make a couple Pokemon bookmarks for Toracon ( first generation and MAYBE some second gen , maybe ) what Pokemon what people suggest I do ? It seems like a lot of people like Squirtle and Gengar ... Any other suggestions ? 
turning up the volume on some Peter Frampton while I work on stuff , things , and majigs . 
waking up at 4:17 pm is a funny thing . shower , food , then labs all day to get as MUCH work done as possible . Hoo . Ray . 
just got back from the Scorpions and Cinderella in NJ ... what- a- show . Have a lot to say about it and a lot of stories , gunna write a facebook note today and post by tonight ( i hope ) . But first ... I should probably write the AC/DC one I promised like ... months ago . Yeeep .... 
Who can answer these questions about me , without answering the same way as the person before you ? : A nickname I have____ One of my favorite colors ? ____ My favorite holiday ? ____ Favorite sport to play ? ____ My favorite shows ? ___ Something stupid or ridiculous I've said ? ____ My hobby ? ____ A favorite band ? ____ Something I hate ? ___ Something I love ? ___ My most important possession ? ___ Something random about me ? ____ 
Suggestions for potential Halloween costumes would be welcome . 
just got an EXCELLENT review of the first chapter of Forest by a 13 year old on a forum . Propmting me to make a couple HUGE changes ... I've literally got shivers right now , can't sit still . It was a terrible decision to check the forum before going to bed <_< now I can't sleep . Gotta work 
finishing making secret stuff !! and then wrapping the secret stuff !! and then doing things and stuff , and then early Christmas ! 
wants a day where I can get up when my alarm goes off without being so dizzy and feeling so much like crap that I actually can't get out of bed . so , once again , woke up hours later than i wanted to . awesome . and also , Happy 4th of July ! 
Ronny James Dio tribute on House of Hair tonight . pretty awesome , lots of great Dio hits , and recorded messages of condolences from different rock stars , supposedly there's gunna be clips from Dio interviews later ... prolly gunna be the best HOH I've heard in a long time . check it out on Q 103.9 , if your not local google House of Hair and see if it's on a station near you ( yes I like to advertise , leave me alone ) 
Lately I've been measurin ' . Seems my time i growin ' thin . Wind me up and watch me spin . Watch me spin . Watch me spin . 
Does anyone remember the Halloween party I had at my house in 3rd grade ? Where we had a haunted basement ? Everyone was afraid to go down into it so we hid in my room instead . When we finally did go , there was a strobe light flashing and John Patrick Maloney tackled one of the " monsters " in the back room . I don't remember if he got in trouble .... but it was awesome XD 
Okay . Finally back . Now to do tons of work on deviantART and find food before I pass out ! and Halloween shopping tomorrow !! yaaaaaaaay 
WHOA ... I just found my 8th grade report card , my scores from the Iowa Test , and all the awards I got at 8th grade graduation . The most entertaining thing to look at is definitely my grades for Science because I tell which quarter I helped Matthew Sadler bug the crap out of Mr. Merges ; I got a " Needs Improvement " in the " Embodies Christian Behavior " category XD 
The Cohoes FD really stepped it up to help the families who were victims of the Main Street fire . They deserve a lot more credit than the city sometimes gives them . 
So in the end , I will be what I will be . 
I think one day I want to try my hand at tattoo designs ... not only because it's cool , but searching tattoos on deviantart makes me lose faith in human beings power of choice and discretion . Some of those tattoos are RIDICULOUS and can not possibly be meaningful enough that they will be glad in 30 years that they got it -_- I hate when people get tattoos for NO REASON 
" If you can't handle me at my worst , you don't deserve me at my best . " ya know what ? I really like this quote . 
" cloud7791337 : ( 3:45:52 AM ) I need squidnunchucks 
cloud7791337 : ( 3:45:59 AM ) Just you wait ... 
malfoy129 : ( 3:46:01 AM ) O_o 
malfoy129 : ( 3:46:07 AM ) WHAT DOES THAT EVEN MEAN 
cloud7791337 : ( 3:46:20 AM ) Exactly 
malfoy129 : ( 3:46:24 AM ) O_O 
cloud7791337 signed off at 3:46 AM . " 
looking up all the necessary driving directions for my road trip to NJ on friday . Cinderella and The Scorpions . Three days . Most likely the first and last time I will ever see the greatest german rockers of all time ; as for Cinderella , I bet they'll be around for a while still :D but seriously THREE DAYS ... 
hopefully at some point today I can decide which one of my 80 projects I am going to work on .... 
Halloween shopping went well . Rob and I saw about 1,000 things for Frank , including a dead guy on a pony , and the wind was awesome , and I spent way too much money . But it was wicked fun and I bought stuffs ! hoo ray ! 
i'm sick of feeling like I'm getting no rest ... especially after I just slept for that long . ... Maybe I slept TOO long . What a bunch of crap . 
MacGyver taught me that duct tape fixes everything . * looks at formerly broken chair in room , now standing and perfectly stable , duct tape in several spots * Well , whatya know . Tis true . 
keeps thinking it's Monday . It feels like a Monday ... 
working on Christmas stuff once again ! 
I'm climbing the stairway to heaven , To ride on a crazy train , To hold a piece of liquid , To feel November rain . I want a minute in the limelight ; everybody wants some . But I'll wait , because the best is yet to come . And for now , I'm comfortably numb . 
mark my words , I will get a new guitar one day ! and it will be one with non-shitty machine heads ! 
I wonder if Ricky got lost or is dead ... huh . maybe I should sit outside ? or maybe he's a cat and shouldn't be driving anyway because HE'S A CAT 
I create myself . I take the words ... I scatter them , in time and space . 
* every 5 minutes or so in the labs * 
Frank : * turns to Krystal * " DO YOUR DAMN WORK !!!!! " 
random guitar lesson from Alex Alund ? Well , yeah . He wants to come see " scenic Cohoes " anyway , so it's a good excuse . 
doing some stuff and things here at home , then going over to do more stuff and things at Sue's house 
hi this is krystal hi 
Got challenged to this , but I altered it : Like this & I'll tell you : 1 ) Something I've learned about you recently , 2 ) The color you remind me of , 3 ) One of my favorite quotes you've said , 4 ) An animal you remind me of , 5 ) Something 
I'd like to ask you , 6 ) My favorite thing about you , 7 ) An inside joke we have , & 8 ) Something crazy/impossible I can imagine you ( or us ) doing if we could 
" Tell me one last thing , " said Harry . " Is this real ? Or has this been happening inside my head ? " 
Dumbledore beamed at him , and his voice sounded loud and strong in Harry's ears even though the bright mist was descending again , obscuring his figure . 
" Of course this is happening inside your head , Harry , but why on earth should that mean that it is not real ? " 
I think my favorite songs , are the ones we write on accident , because whatever is on purpose is never perfect 
C'mon baby finish whatcha started , I'm incompleeeeeete 
Ya know ... I really want facebook to add " cousin " as a possible family member ? Because then I could actually have real family members listed that I actually want other people to know that I'm related to . Yeah . lmfhao !! 
" Even now , after all these years , I think about you with both joy and pain . Even now , I remember when you left . I walked all night through the rain . .... Even then , you were aiming much higher ; somewhere higher than you thought I could fly . " 
wow . good morning ... 
First day down , four more to go of working at this camp . Fiona Matthews you will be pleased to know that the entire staff of a camp and 7 children know me as Kojo now . 
and now this is when I go drown myself in the shower . 
came up with some great ideas for a new story thing and wrote em all down ... now time to do homework and get ready for 2 midterms tomorrow ! and why do I still want ice cream ?! hi . again . ( don't ask ) 
So , anyone have an extra Beginning Japanese workbook that has the pages for chapters 7 through like ... 11 left in it ? And want to give it to me ? That would be cool . 
Hmm ... is estimating that I fell asleep at 5:45 pm , very shortly after getting home from work . And now I am awake for the day . Sleeping for over 12 hours is a beautiful thing ; except when you have a dream where you find out you have to work on saturday and cancel all your plans for the day . And wait , I had a dream about Sailor Moon and vampires ?! ... * shakes head * 
Zane from FBHW is telling a story about a seagull that got killed , and they said no one cares about seagulls . He THEN SAYS , AND I QUOTE , " It's like a Bluejay . No one cares because they're JERK BIRDS . " ......... FB&HWs JUST SAID JERKBIRDS !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I love how all these news networks and websites are convinced that Producer Joe was actually a rabid , crazy Lindsey Lohan fan , and are referring to him as " that guy in the pink shirt " . Apparently there's tons of video clips of him interrupting everything ever ... he made it on all types of news stations and everything . Gunna be looking those up now . I love FB&HW =D 
After all this time of slowly watching episodes since 2007 ( not counting when I watched as a kid ) , I have finally finished watching Ronin Warriors . oh my god . That was a GREAT show , even though the dub changed all their names and virtues ... but I love the dub because of its corny early 90s dialogue XD And Anubis was the best character . AWESOMENESS ! 
Krystal & Matt Monasch simultaneously : " Hey is for ...... HI ! " oh my god , I almost died laughing ... I had to drag myself off the floor to continue existing XD 
is excited when Van Halen comes on the radio XD 
... I think Jason is going crazy lately . He's starting to act like ME !! 
bad wolf 
it's nice winning in pre-season against jersey . Let's see if we can do it again Saturday . new guys like Frolov lookin pretty good 
" I slept and felt that I was awake ; I moved through the world , and felt like I was dreaming . " 
had a good night visiting Dad at the firehouse and hanging around there . talked to Willy about art haha , and of course they got two calls while I was there ... that's been the trend this summer , they have a slow day til I show up . 
my icecube is meeeeltiiiing ! 
Leaving tomorrow . 
Wow , so filming today went way better than I ever expected . Thanks Jason Green , Travis Walker , Frankie Tufano , John Lynk , Matthew Everett , and Ricky the cat for helping at the LAST MINUTE and being amazing . If only we had gotten John's intense action scene moves on film ... And thanks to Deanna Azzolini for being awesome ! Can't wait to see the footage in class ! and PS : Ricky is in love with the sentinel 
today really is just a fail day . ......... oh , wait , that's riiiight ... WHAT day is it ?! MONday . FRIGGIN ... MONDAY . Curse of the FREAKIN MONDAYS strikes again !!! 
Playing guitar , unpacking more things/rearranging , and waiting for Matt to get here and apparently there's a ginormous party here tonight ? O.o AND FRANK WHEN DO YOU SHOW UP , FRANK ?! You have to come over Frank ! 
So from experience , everyone should watch The Lost Room . That's the best thing I've watched in a long time . Thanks for the suggestion Travis ! 
I am sick of these people bashing the Cohoes fire department . It's disgusting me that they're disgusted . You don't see anyone complaining about doctors making a lot of money , and they're saving lives too ; except usually not at their own risk . People need to grow up and get over themselves . Yes high wages for city workers raise taxes , but don't personally bash those who work to save your life , family , and property ! 
how have I survived this long without playing my guitar ? well , I'll tell you : I HAVE NO IDEA !!!!! I really need my guitar to stop being a complete ass . dfyrtwscgviogvhrshoi 
And after probably more than 30 times of watching The Breakfast Club , I still notice new things when I re-watch it . Phenomenal . I love John Hughes films . 
i can not BELIEVE Anisimov and Christensen just scored and tied that up . 3-3 ! 
DREAM LAST NIGHT : * Jason & Krystal are drilling Frank w/ questions * 
Frank : " Listen . I'm sick of you guys and your ... introduction ! " 
Jason : " What ? " 
Krystal : " I think he means interrogation . " 
Jason : " Oh . " * pause * " Well , sorry Frank , apparently you don't like beginnings , but we have to know what happened at the start of all this . " 
Krystal : " So we're gunna have to keep introducing you . " 
Frank : " ... I hate you people . " 
final score 6-3 in favor of the Rangers . The Sabres just seemed off tonight ... but I'm glad to see us get a win in our first game ! Stepan with that hat trick , just wow . Can you imagine the 1st three goals of your NHL career being a hat trick ?! 
Confusion creeps in me , raining down . Gotta get to you , but I don't know how . Call me , call me . Let me know you are there . 
Please won't you come and ease my mind ? Reasons for me to find you ... What can I do , to get me to you ? 
sometime's I think to myself , " Ya know , there are days when Van Halen is the only band that can cheer me up . " and then I remember that there is also Chickenfoot , so it is both . This is one of those times . 
i've had enough of being sick . it's preventing me from doing things like life 
I do enjoy getting out of class 1.5 hours early , after sitting here for 2 hours waiting to see if we would actually do anything , or just die of boredom ... 
Waiting for Sue and Alison to get here and hoping they don't die on the way ! or die by the sea , with the tiny ketchup bottle and Bob Barker . and whatever else the heck we said was by the sea ! 
today is really a Def Leppard kind of day ... 
DEL ZOTTO just brought it HOME in OT . final score 5-4 against the Devils . that's what I like to see . 
" If your mother 
grew up in the same place I did , she would be a whore , too ! 
........... I don't know what I'm saying !!!!!!! " ~ Matt talking to a stuffed animal squid last night ( it was late ) 
Ended up only having one class today instead of three . Time to do the online Art History midterm before it's due at 9 , doing the source notebook in there at some point , then concept sketches , then finishing Japanese homework . So I guess it's a good thing class got cancelled . 
there's this thing called sleeping ? that , ya know , some people do sometimes when the sun goes away each day and doesn't tell us where it's going ( Lewis Black reference ) . maybe I should try that now ... 
apparently , in the dream world , I am a bad ass that kicks random chicks out of our apartment , and Tim sends Ricky 5 crates of apples cuz he figured Ricky would want them . Riiiight .... 
that was the latest I've stayed up in months and the latest I've woken up in weeks . Crap ... but at least we watched hilarious videos last night , and ridiculous tv shows 
first pre-season game tonight at 7 against NJ . can't wait to see what goes down 
You have to love barely getting any sleep so that you can wake up to get into winter courses , only for the registration system to experience " technical difficulties " for at LEAST a half-hour . Why am I fightning so hard to stay at this school when it seriously hates me ? I hate this . 
Same old song , Just a drop of water in an endless sea . All we do , crumbles to the ground , but we refuse to see . 
today = yay because two classes got cancelled , but boooo because I have to write two essays , do source notebooks , do japanese work , and apparently have a headache . I've had way too many of them lately . I'm just waiting for my head to explode or something 
did two good deeds today and got negative in return . and i'm sick of it . Catch up with me already , karma . 
there is so much insanity going on with the Cohoes fire department right now . I actually wish I was home to see first hand what's going on . 
" At the temple , there is a poem called ' Loss ' , carved into the stone . It has three words , but the poet has scratched them out . You can not read ' Loss ' . Only feel it . " ~ Memoirs of a Geisha ( film ) 
And even though the moment passed me by , I still can't turn away . Cause all the dreams you never thought you'd lose , Got tossed along the way . Letters that you never meant to send , Get lost or thrown away ... 
October 1st , 2009 : * at DnD * 
Pietr : * to Jason , who has just gotten his rat * " Can ya do rat things with it ? " 
Jason : " I HOPE so . " 
definitely convinced Brenden that he had telekinesis for about 4 seconds . I am very proud of this accidental development XD 
Is anyone else's facebook screwing up ? Mine is only showing me news feed stuff from 3 weeks ago or more . Most of it says , " 2 months ago " or even 3 . and there's no option to show recent stuff like there used to be on the top right . and my ice cube is still melting ! 
I have taken one bite of this sandwich , but I am already in love . Chicken and mushrooms sauteed in butter and rosemary with provolone cheese and cream cheese on wheat = YES . best idea of the day ! 
MY FLOWERS ARE GROOOWWIIIIIING !!!! XD 
" Did I ever tell you about Art club in high school ? It was the only club I was ever really in . But not really . " ~ Me trying to describe my relationship/involvement with art club 
" He looked like a mole man . But not in a bad way ! " ~ Matt Everett 
hihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihi 
Photoshop and I have been getting along quite well lately . Add AC/DC into that mix and wow ... Somehow I'm in a great mood while in class . That's a novel experience . 
The best part of Christmas is giving gifts , and let me tell ya ... I came up with some damn good ideas for presents this year for some of you people out there . I am effin ' proud of myself ! 
Me : " we should go back in time in a time machine " Alison : " omg !!!! i like that idea !!!! and we would be like get out of here past selfs , wes a gona do stuff this day ! and theyd be liek ' ok we will go to mall!' " Me : " LMFHAO ! YES , YES THEY WOULD . " Alison : " lol . oh , how the times have not changed . " 
did I just ... finish my project ? ... idunno either . I'm going to go ahead and submit it now anyway before I wake up from this crazy dream . 
the next few days = busy . but at least i am 1/2 way done with my Samurai Champloo/Cowboy Bebop drawing 
L M F H A O ! I just had an entire conversation with Frank through my window that included shooting him with a nerf gun and him throwing the bullets up at me , and me dropping his camera to him . I felt like I was Repunzel up in a tower or something ; but I bet she didn't have a nerf gun or a puhFrank . 
* rereading something I wrote in 2006 * Okay . I did not know the difference between " its " and " it's " , I thought " each other " was one word , and could not spell the word " view " ; actually , I just couldn't really spell in general . .... I wrote a decent chunk of my book like this ?!? .... REALLY ?!? O_o 
I am starting to wonder if Mondays are cursed . Things always seem to go wrong on Monday ... 
I just keep making the most awesome things in photoshop . Honestly , I am proud of myself XD 
I am sick of not being able to sleep . 
on FreeBeerandHotWings.com, a recap of the show : " Zane and his daughter are convinced that the house is haunted because 
they both keep hearing footsteps and creaking . Zane believes that the 
" ghost industry " is failing and they need to improve in the being seen 
and punching humans department . " 
and it's finally October . best month of the year , onward ! 
" The floor of the Roman Coliseum could actually be flooded so they could do mock naval battles , which would have been really spectacular . This stuff was like the icecapades on CRACK . " ~ my art history professor 
ritz crackers , ny rangers , and fairly easy Japanese homework . not bad . Let's see if we can't beat the Red Wings though ... they're looking pretty sharp tonight . 
Sue is probably the only person I know who could have something in her pocket and wonder if it is a piece of SWEET AND SOUR CHICKEN . ..... for the record , it was NOT . XD 
why is class tomorrow already ? this is dumb . D.U.M. dumb 
going out soon for the now-traditional lunch with Sue and Andrew ! 
cleaning the kitchen finally . which means all the shit from the kitchen is in the living room . there was way too much useless shit in our kitchen . 
Frank : * talking about the people who liked his pony status * " These people just wanna see me get tortured . " 
Krystal : " We all love you , though ! " 
Frank : " Well ... " * goes down the list * " You love me ; Rob loves me , I hope . Of course Happange Orange loves me . JOHN loves me . Pietr's brown . Ricky definitely loves me . Jason's my friggin HUSBAND ! ..... and Brenden's gay . " 
making things and stuff and majigs 
i really needed the Rangers to win tonight , so thank god they did . Crazy game towards the end there , but 3-2 in overtime is fine by me . I was surprised at Lundqvist throwing the stick though ... 
Happy Halloween everyone ! I cannot WAIT to see everyone's costumes today ! :D 
Sue and Alison are here and they didn't die on the way ! even though they collapsed onto the couches when they got here yesterday but it's cool . Today = going to the mall , eating stuff , more decorating , and possibly playing games and such ?! 
starting over again isn't an option . so what do you do ? you just have to figure it out . It gets to a point where no one can fix the problem except for yourself , and even if you don't know how , you have to go it alone . even if it's just to prove to yourself that you can . 
" If a man walks in the woods for love of them half of each day , he is in danger of being regarded as a loafer . But if he spends his days as a speculator , shearing off those woods and making the earth bald before her time , he is deemed an industrious and enterprising citizen . " 
~ Henry David Thoreau 
buying Warhead sour popsicles for $1 at walmart was a delicious decision . 
just helped Rohit make his cooostuuuume ! It looks friggin AWESOOOOME ! but it's still not doooone yeeeet ! gunna keep makin ' fire flooooweeeers ! yeah that was sposed to be a song . Deal with it . 
" I'm never coming over here AGAIN ! ... see you guys tomorrow ! " ~ Matt Everett on his way out our door 
So for Survey of Western Art and Architecture , did ANY one else have to write 5+ essays ? Two essays for the first midterm , which we are emailed and given 24 hours to do , two for the second midterm ( same format ) , and 1 writing assignment that's worth 25% of the grade for the class ? Not to mention whatever the final is ( maybe two more essays ? ) ?? 
hates existing right now 
Sean Avery is like the Draco Malfoy of the New York Rangers ... and even though he does the occasional thing to piss me off , I freakin love this guy . tied 3-3 in the third , we'll see where the heck this goes ! 
The decisions you make in a single day have the power and curse of being able to change the course of your life . It's not just something that's reserved for main characters in movies , cartoons , and novels ... it's actually true . And you're living it right now . 
FINISHED MY TWO ESSAYS ! & got THUROUGHLY DISTRACTED by some strange crickety-like insect that went POOF and appeared ( practically ) on my blinds . I was going to catch it , but could not decide if I should stop and try to , or continue writing , so instead I stared at it trying to figure out what it was XD til Matt came in and caught it for me cuz I was being dumb 
wow . Good morning , I guess . What the hell happened ...? 
Christmas shopping fail ... gunna have to go tomorrow too . 
just got to turn Jason's hair into the 10th Doctor's XD and might have took a long time on purpose because it was FUN . good thing Frank took so long to suggest using a hair dryer ... 
home . Thanks , Ricky . 
I want time to pause for a while . It's not the first time I have , but time doesn't care what I think . 
ow . my everything . .... today sucks . 
no sleep except a nap from 9:30 am- 11:30 am + got stuff in the mail + finishing an X-Mas present + prolly other stuff = FRIGGIN HAPPINESS ( somehow ) 
sleep . 
Rock and roll ain't no riddle , man ; to me it makes good , good sense . 
and finally , I will try to go to sleep . And it better work . Or else . 
is it possible to sleep in this house without having a sore throat and clogged sinuses every time I wake up ? I'm going to blame cigarette smoke ... 
it has just occured to me that part of the reason I have felt so crappy lately is probably because I have not been listening to enough music . 
hat trick for Gaborik ! score 6-5 , holy crap .... 
I'm kind of thinking that it's time to draw some Harry Potter fan art . The last time I did was like .... 7th grade or something . 
if anyone at RIT would like to donate some food to me , particularly anything I don't have to cook , like fruit and microwavable stuff , and orange juice , I would probably love you forever . If I already DO , then , ya know ... I'll love you even more , or something like that . 
today kind of equaled fail so far , but it could have failed even more than it did , so I guess it's alright >.< 
LMFHAO !!!!!! Michael John Fagan Jr , ( Alison Carlin ) , Noelle Michaud , Fiona Matthews , Rachel Strong : I just found a progress report from senior year of high school and you want to know what it says for Graphic Design ?! " Was a pleasure to have in class " , and nothing else . BAHAHA ! Mrs. Dollard thought we were awesome . * in the voice * " Uh Rachel's face ! " 
Not only did I have a dream about Harry Potter that was WAY too in depth , but I then had a dream that I woke up at 5:45 and missed my class . When I actually woke up , I believed it and went back to sleep , but thankfully not til 5:45 . what the heck ... 
is writing about some of the best times from ten years ago , and is listening to 90s music . Wow . 
that dream was so weird , that I actually am not even sure what was going on in it . but that lady was weird and that place sucked . 
well the day started off awesome , but now it's equivalent to this face --> -_- 
L M F H A O ! THERE IS A GUY .... ON BAKER AVE .... IN FULL SANTA SUIT ... WAVING AT CARS ... HE IS STANDING ON HIS OR SOMEONE ELSE'S LAWN . THIS . IS . HILARIOUS . 
okay . this photoshop project actually looks halfway decent , but guess what ? FRIGGIN SLEEP . 
Sometimes you need to stop doing what's expected of you , in order to find out what's expected from yourself . 
is on Frank's computer about to work on something COOOOOL ! and watching the hockey game and SHEESH this friggin keyboard -- !! not even just the spacebar , but the keys feel like they're in weird spots ! 
had a dream about finding old pictures from Cohoes Catholic , but it was very difficult to make them out because they were faded and the colors went weird . But I could tell that some of them were from various Halloween parties cuz everyone was wearing costumes . Interesting ... 
I know now what trouble can be , And why it follows me so easily .... Let me introduce you to the end 
about to change the strings on my guitar . I half want to keep the old ones just to prove how craptastically worn down they are ! maaaaybe I will .... maaaaybe I will ..... P.S. : Thanks Alyssa Gleason ! 
okay . I'm going to attempt to get something done now ! we'll see how this goes 
okay . I can deal with seeing vanilla flavored hot chocolate in stores ... but now the exact phrase " hot vanilla " is used in another BOOK ?! Why did I think I was so creative when I made that up in my story ? Obviously everyone else on the damn planet already invented it -_- 
well , facebook finally forced the new profile on me , I had no choice . Gotta love having options . assholes . 
i really hate registration right now ... being awake right now is making me feel sick . i need to go back to sleep T_T 
1 second on the clock , we shoot , and goddamn we would have scored if the puck had been an inch over . Bounced right off the post . I have never , ever seen anything that close , with LITERALLY 1 second on the clock . That game just missed going into OT by a HAIR . 
..... I should go to bed . So should John . 
Yes ! Chickenfoot is coming out with a second album !! 
Matt comes home with interesting things sometimes .... 
so today was pretty good , I got to give Frank his awesome stuff and card , got to make fun of football and eat free food even tho it wasn't that great , and best of all , got to read the greatest story ever written to Frank and company . And it was enjoyed by all for many minutes . ESPECIALLY by Frank !! seriously , i swear 
instead of going to bed , I will watch random stuff and work on something in photoshop and eat sour patch kids 
fiiiiinally listening to the Dokken greatist hits CD I got a few days back . Why did it take this long ?! 
quesadilla from Sol's , more candy , a free green ribbon and lollipop , and listening to old Free Beer and Hot Wings clips before getting to down to work . Not a bad day so far . 
is quite tired , but also rather happy 
" Without music ... life would be a mistake . " 
is going completely crazy . 
Or not . okay . 
finished writing prologue , and now it is time to pass out ! 
I wish I had my Pokemon handbooks from like 4th grade at school with me ... why did I ever think I wouldn't need them ?! shows how much I'VE learned from college . 
was it worth staying up til 6 in the morning to draw my first piece of Harry Potter fan art since like , 7th grade ? ..... actually , yes . I am going to practice more with this style ... but uh ... LATER . For now , BED !!!!!! 
Oh right . I spose I should eat something other than ice cream for dinner ... ..... Today's WEIRD . 
Google is awesome today !! 
whyyyyyyYYYYyyyy am I still awake and not too tired after pulling an all nighter last night ?!? Usually I can't even make it THROUGH an all nighter and end up passing out ! stranger things have happened I guess ... 
I do not comprehend how I have not passed out yet from exhaustion or why there is a lack of said exhaustion . I've been up for 36+ hours . I need to just try to go to sleep and see what happens cuz this is bad .... Goodnight world , of people who are probably still sleeping ! 
3,500 + views on deviantART now = happiness . Especially since apparently I got 26 views yesterday ! that's pretty good for me 
Why are my grandparents so awesome ? Oh , right , because they're my awesome grandparents . Duh . 
WOOOO WON IT IN THE SHOOTOUT , AND AN AWESOME FREAKIN ' SHOOTOUT , TOO ! Christensen and Zuccarello did some damn fancy work to get that puck . I took some screen shots , still have to go through and see if they're any good . 
But I'm not crazy I'm just a little unwell , I know , right now ya can't tell . But stay a while and maybe then you'll see , A different side of me . I'm not crazy I'm just a little impaired , I know , right now you don't care . But soon enough , you're gunna think of me . And how I used to be ........ 
tonight's dinner : bottle of water , popcorn , jelly beans , and sour patch kids . and now to find something for dessert ... 
i don't know if having Matchbox 20 on while working is helping me or distracting me . But I bet if I put on anything 70s-80s it will distract me more ... Matchbox 20 it is , then . 
today is really , really stupid . Soo much I need to get done .... 
Thank god the Rangers just won in the shootout . Literally the only good thing that happened today ! 
definitely just forgot where I was and had like a half hallucination that if I didn't turn down Lewis Black , my mom would hear him screaming the F word . Listen , self . You . Are . Not . In . Cohoes . You are delusional . Finish work faster so you can effing SLEEP . 
when the EFF am I going to be done doing this stupid work ?? I want to sleep so badly ..... 
TO ANYONE I SAID I WAS GOING TO HANG OUT WITH THIS WEEK : it's not going to happen -_- I'm going to be working all night tonight as well . And I'm leaving either tomorrow or saturday ; if leaving saturday , probably working on friday . Sorry . Catch me next quarter I guess . 
this weather is just DUMB . It's bad timing for like , everyone who wanted to drive home/drive here today . 
1 ) the Rangers kicked ass tonight ; we picked up a win 6-0 over the Caps . 2 ) I'm done with all of my work , but not only does it not feel like I am ... I am going to continue working on other stuff that I actually feel like working on . I still feel the pressure of work , though . Prolly won't go away til half way through break .... 
My mom just called the weather " a scumbag " . Well , gotta love being home .... 
Just walked around like all of Cohoes with Ricky , showing him Remsen street and random crap that I thought was important . and now .... * collapses onto bed * 
Got a B in Writing Seminar ! WOOOOOOOOOO !!! Definitely thought I was gunna get a C in that . So now just waiting for Intro to Computer Imaging .... 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!! 
There is always at least one totally mutilated skittle in every pack . And when you pour them out to eat them and see it , you're always like , " Wtf happened to THIS one ?!?! " and then you eat it anyway . 
everything seems to hurt right now ... hopefully sleeping will help and I can wake up feeling better .... 
is figuring out all of the classes for my 2nd professional core of my new major ... this is actually harder than I thought since I'm finding that I have to limit myself . Argh .. 
okay . my mom just asked me for the 3rd time today how my oatmeal was . I ate that oatmeal 3 hours ago , so that's once per hour . I think she's losing it . 
I'm sick of not getting anything done this week , so I'm going to change that right now . 
why .... the eff .... are classes starting tomorrow already ? 
Needs to find something to do to re-unwind . 
got out of my studio class a few hours early , so working on my own stuff before I have to do homework .... 
is enjoying sitting in her living room , watching Jason . He is sitting here with earbuds in , listening to music and dancing around . I don't think he knows he's entertaining me , but well , he is . 
is sitting with Frank's lawyer waiting for Frank to deny or confirm allegations . 
why ... am I STILL ... not in Multidisciplinary Studies yet ? Now I think I may have to wait another 2 weeks . guh ... 
I remember going to google to look up something about art supplies . So how did I end up on the Rangers website , looking at t-shirts ? Idunno , but I like it . 
Well , there was no point in staying campus-side today because apparently my 2 o'clock class has been canceled . If I had known this sooner , there would not have been a need to wander the SAU aimlessly for so long looking for somewhere to sit ! blargh 
" Go to your profile The first 5 friends in the sidebar are your team in the upcoming Zombie Apocalypse How screwed are you ? " 
Josh Bingham 
Matt Monasch 
Rohit Crasta 
Rob Guglielmo 
Pietr Langevoort 
Alright . Last new class of the week is tonight and I get to see if it's derpy or not . 
teacher for web design : " HTML is meant for humans to understand and write . And I think we're all humans here . ... I mean , it's okay if you're not ! I don't discriminate ! ... I like androids . " 
Just had a conversation on deviantART with a totally random Finnish photojournalist about how epic the Scorpions are , and how they're going to be photographing them in 4 months at their last ever concert in Finland . This is why the internet is good . 
* after dealing with a strangely limited set of colors , and a randomly leaking marker * 
Krystal : " Why are all of my art supplies misfits ?! " 
Ricky : " Because they're all weird like you ! " 
Today is a day ! 
Just got a free micron pen from Barnes and Noble because they forgot to ring it up . Throw that in with all the money I saved on textbooks today , and I'm doin ' pretty good 
myyy scaaaanneeeeeer : < 
It's pretty weird watching a shootout at 1:10 am , but what the hell ... when we win , I'm not going to complain ! Lundqvist was superb tonight . 
well ... at least my scanner works now ! I only had to play around with it for an hour <_< 
blasting Hotel California while I do everything ever on deviantART 
has a friend on deviantART ( outside of those I know in real life ) that isn't a total creep ! Hoo ray ! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DmXvCPWbnAw&feature=related 
Happy St. Patrick's Day 
Here's something I find extremely annoying on facebook : when you comment on my status with a question to me ( or someone else commenting ) that has NOTHING to do with my status . I see it all the time on other people's too , and I HATE it . PLEASE . STOP . NOW . I will no longer answer any comments like this , I am GOING to delete them . 
is sitting in the labs making a website for my book , which is going to end up being my big project for this class . If I could apply my own projects/things I actually cared about to ALL of my course assignments , I bet I'd have straight A's . 
is back from class and is now going to work on my book , eat ice cream , and hopefully sleep for once . 
Today has the kind of weather that makes me want to play " Sultans of Swing " and " Free Bird " on loop . And pretty much anything by Van Halen . 
best trip to Wendy's ...... EVER . The . End . 
Today is the anniversary of the death of Randy Rhoads ... I had totally forgotten until right now . RIP to one of the best guitarists in the history of metal . 
alright .... FINALLY got photographs of my still-life that are good enough to start this drawing ... 
finally has gotten commissions through deviantART ! Took you darn people long enough XD 
SOMEONE ON DEVIANTART DONATED A 1 YEAR PREMIUM MEMBERSHIP TO ME ANONYMOUSLY O_o bahsbcgvuascdeajnsoviicncwugbaanxjutfdc 
I should really stop looking at cosplays on deviantART , because it's REALLY , REALLY making me want to make a costume . Something which I neither have the time or money to do . And anyway these people on devaintART are completely insane when it comes to their stuff , to the point where they look like the jumped straight out of the show/movie <_< 
let's see if I can make it through today ... 
Made it through the first half of the day , and now to see if I can survive a four hour class . 
OMFG . everyone in the library STFU . This floor is for quiet study , so get the HELL off your cell phone , stop laughing like we're at a comedy show , and STOP ... SLAMMING .... YOUR CRAP .... ONTO THE TABLE . JBDCVYQUWSXNMQWIHEBCNQXMQIEYVCBQIWX 
just had a random epiphany about what the cover of my novel should look like . Why didn't I think of this before ? 
I would totally go see Great White in concert . Speaking of which , I could really use another good rock concert ... 
I don't feel a thing . And I stopped remembering . The days are just like moments , turned to hours . Mother used to say , " If you want , you'll find a way . " But mother never danced through fire showers . Walk in the rain , in the rain , in the rain . Is it right , or is it wrong ? Is it here that I'm alone ? 
How many times do you have to tell someone to STOP dragging you into the middle of things before they'll actually shut up and get it ? 
" You have to learn how to crawl before you can walk . You have to learn how to walk before you can run . " 
what a gorgeous day ... especially to buy olive green tinted sunglasses ! woot ! happy saint patrick's day ya jerkbirds ! 
Got my 3rd commissioner on deviantART =) Once I finish the three drawings I have left to do for the commissioners , I can re-open commissions there and hope for some more . And once I'm home for the summer I can work on Justin Murphy's freakin epic AC/DC poster !! 
Just won in the shootout , those were 2 big points , and we really needed them . Now , if only Carolina and Buffalo weren't playing each other later ... I really don't want EITHER of them to win . vdcqenodqsu 
If you ever have an idea you think might be good/cool , just run it past Matt Monasch , because he is a good idea judger person , and will help you elaborate and come up with more cool stuff . Even if it ends up taking over an hour and then you lose your voice . 
Hopefully by the end of the night I will have paypal set up on deviantART so that people can buy my bookmarks or donate to me . 
Travis Walker : " At the church I used to go to , I was God . " 
“Take care to get what you like or you will be forced to like what you get . ” 
- George Bernard Shaw 
Here's to hoping that everything goes the way I need it to right now , or I'm going to end up completely screwed . I really don't want to go into it right now/explain , but I could use all the positive energy I can get , so keep me in your thoughts . 
I could have left class 2 hours or more ago , but stayed to work on my website . Holy crap ! That amazi -- wait , never mind , it's a website about my book . No longer surprised . 
today has been ....... you know what . I don't even know .... 
Suck it , Devils . Now to see if Tampa Bay has the motivation to beat Carolina tonight . Either way , this year has been a great one , we had a lot of amazing talent on our team and it was really all the injuries that held us back . Go NY Rangers !! 
the guys outside grilling stuff : " I'm Abe Lincoln ! " " Whoa , this corn cob's dancing ! " " ooooh yeeeeaaaaaaaah ! " 
I love within one minute of Matt walking into the apartment , we're already plotting . 
EFF YOU NEW JERSEY , EFF YOU CAROLINA , AND THANK YOU KINDLY TAMPA BAY ... WE ARE IN THE PLAYOFFS THIS YEAR !!!!! The Capitals better watch themselves , because IT IS ON !!! 
Rohit Crasta : " That's fantwonderful . You know , as in , fantastic and wonderful . ....... It reminds me of Count Dracula ! Fant-wonderful , count-dracula . Fant and count and wonderful and dracula . .... Guess you don't see it , do you ? " 
I think that whoever likes this sudden unwanted burst of 70+ degree temperatures should move south and take this weather with them . Leave those of us who like milder seasons alone ! Spring is supposed to be warmer than winter , but it's not summer yet , goddamn it , so QUIT IT 
" Think of how stupid the average person is , and realize half of them are stupider than that . " 
-George Carlin 
Just found a crap load of old pictures that are sure to embarrass everyone . I'll be uploading them soon , never fear ! 
I have the best profile picture in the universe right now . And nothing any of you can do or say will convince me otherwise !!!!! 
If your elementary school teachers ever told you , " You have to learn cursive because both in high school and as an adult you'll need to know it ! " , you're not alone . It was so ingrained into my head , that whenever I start writing out homework I STILL will begin writing in cursive before I switch to print after the first sentence .... 
The Usual Suspects has a great plot twist . Just saying . 
wow , everything is a pain in the ass right now , including the playoffs . Damn it . 
hihihihihihihithisisdefinitelykrystalbutnothi . hihihi . hi . hihihihihi . bye . 
Woke up with N*Sync stuck in my head , even though I have neither thought of that band nor heard their music in quite some time . Is this a symptom of being sick ? 
well , thus ends the Rangers ' season . If we didn't have all those injuries throughout the year , and had been a little more consistent , I think we could have gone further ..... damn it ... 
tea and homework . Hopefully working on a drawing later . 
* yesterday , talking about Rebecca Black's song * 
Krystal : " I think it could probably be a song for a kids cartoon or something , because of the lyrics , but --" 
John Lynk : " Well when it comes to lyrics , I don't think we can say anything because a couple weeks ago we were all in the living room screaming , * breaks into dance * ' I'M BLUE , DA BUH DEE DAH BUH DAI!!!' " 
" To live is the rarest thing in the world . Most people exist , that is all . " 
After being so sick this weekend , I should have known that riding the bus today was a bad idea . I feel horrid now . I'm going to go lie down . 
is typing with one hand because Matt is stealing my other arm .... 
WHY IS IT 80 DEGREES HERE IHBFOJNSCIDGVONCINNONONONONONO BQWTDFQIWCQOENIQOEVB STOP ... IT .... STOP BEING GROSS IT NOT BE SUMMER YET GO AWAY TOO HOT STOP NO AAHHHH DYING 
John gets back , telling me there are scary ominous dark clouds , wind picks up like crazy so we close all the windows . I look out the window and see the guy across the way close HIS window , then within 5 seconds RAIN STARTS POURING LIKE MAD OUTTA NO WHERE , ONE SECOND ZERO RAIN NEXT SECOND 23746987349 GALLONS OF RAIN !!!! LIGHTNING AND THUNDER AND SHIT !! TODAY IS INSANE 
it should not already be this hot when I wake up . This weather is a bunch of BS . 
Just wrote a dialogue for French class . It's supposed to be 5-7 minutes long , but when we wrote a page to a page and a half and read it , it was only 2.5 mins long . So we stopped anyway , cuz that's a LOT to memorize !!! 
Closing in , I hope that you make it . Closing in , I hope that you find your way . 
Josh Bingham is sitting here chewing on his hair . Why ? " Because it's so long that I can !! * chew chew chew * " . This is very reminiscent of Frank chewing on his phone , and when I tell him this he starts to chew on his hat . AND NOW HE'S TRYING TO CHEW ON THE HEDGEHOG !!!!! NOOOOO ! 
how ..... the HELL ..... is it already MAY ....?!?!?! 
girl out in the hallway : " Listen , if you can't PRONOUNCE it , you can't EAT it . " 
guy out in hallway : " .... why NOT ?! " 
hihihihihihihihihihihihihihihihhihihihihihihi 
hihihihihiagainhihihihihihi . hihihih . hi . hihi . hihihihihihihihihihihihihihihhiihihiii 
how .... did I just end up on deviantART for over an hour looking at Snape fanart ?! @_@ .......... OH WELL !!!!!!!! 
Why ... do SO many people on devianART draw " red-haired " characters with BLOND HAIR ?? It's happening frequently enough that I'm starting to suspect there are actually a lot of people who think red hair and blond hair are synonymous . 
I haven't been online much lately due to a lot of work since it's nearing finals week , but for the next two days I will not be on at all and probably won't respond to messages ; I have a drawing to finish , some prelim stuff for a final drawing , a LOT of writing to do for my mythology class , and a website to work on . So I'll see everyone NOT in the next few days , kaybai 
Do this , Don't do that , Can't you reeeaaad the siiiiiigns ? 
It's not what you've got , it's what you give . It ain't the life ya choose , it's the life you live . 
I say , " okay mom , talk to you later . " and she sends me a smiley of a chicken in response . ....... right , then . 
Just took some good reference photos , and now tonight consists of reading a book for class tomorrow , drawing stuff for finals week , and attempting to work on mythology homework . 
No more Mr Nice Guy , No more Mr Clee-ee-ee-ean , No more Mr Nice Guy , They say he's sick , He's obscee-ee-ee-eene ! * awesome guitar * 
