is leaving work ... then making dinner ... then taking my youngest to the dr. .. trying no to think of the 30 other things that will be in between ... 
is REALLY liking the HOT westher . Guess it is the filipino in me ... 
is going to PARTY on the Capitol steps tomorrow at noon to celebrate that AL FRANKEN is my US SENATOR !!!! JOIN ME ! 
is looking forward to a weekend of softball play offs ..... GO NW COMO .... GO Al !!!!!!!! 
is FINALLY done with work for the week .... then off to the SAINTS !! Fun IS good . 
is looking for the last 4 Saints games . Today , tomorrow , Saturday then fireworks after Sunday's game !! 
is off of work and going to the Saints game .... then Duluth tomorrow !!!! 
is looking forward for a blissful and quiet birthday .... 
is keeping her fingers crossed that all the BS at St Paul Labor Fed ends tonight ... go Bree go !!! 
I am waiting until I can have all of my children under one roof so I can hug them all at once .... sigh .... will that ever come true ??????????? 
with an election with results I did not want , to hope that the good ol ' boys club in not making a revival in the city of St Paul 
Another monday , more snow , more cold .... UGH . 
since everyone likes to NOT hear me . Answer me this question .... If I had a theme song , what would it be ??? I am thinking Travis Tritt's TROUBLE ... 
is off to AFSCME Council 5 executive board meeting ! 
is happy that all of my children are home for the holidays ... now Santa are you listening ??? All I want for christmas is all 7 of them to come home at the same time !!! 
Merry Christmas everyone . Happy Holidays !! 
is sick of work . I am going to miss the over time but not the 12 hour days . 
is thinking that a full moon on New Year's Eve is a cool omen for 2010 
is wondering if you all realize what a Blue Moon means ?? I smurf will be born ! I know I am a nerd for remembering that ... 
It's WAYBACK WEEK !!!!!! RETRO !! Everyone change your profile picture to a picture of yourself when you were young !! Copy and paste this as your status so others can look back at the good old days ! 
WINTER Poem It's winter in Minnesota And the gentle breezes blow Seventy miles an hour At thirty-five below . Oh , how I love Minnesota When the snow's up to your butt You take a breath of winter And your nose gets frozen shut . Yes , the weather here is wonderful So I guess I'll hang around I could never leave Minnesota I'm frozen to the ground ! 
Is off to enjoy a long weekend of relaxation and fun .... 
is wishing love and happiness to all of my children . Drew , Martha , Mary , Jordayn , Curran , Gabrielle and Bailey you are the light in my life .... 
Time for screenings of Ramsey County Attorney and Sheriff candidates ..... 
**** Al has 2 tickets for tonights Wild game . If you are interested , give hime a call ! They are 9th row section 110 ******* 
Just a reminder that Precinct Caucuses are tomorrow ! Be there or be square ! 
sends a note to those out there who think that agism , sexism , bigotry and general indifference to those who are not you , I would have you think ... Are there people out there that will do the same to you for the same reason you do it ??? 
How do we manage to keep working , going forward when our hearts are broken ? Our spirits and reputations are in shreds ???? We are incensed , shocked and furious ? Put in a position no one should be put into ?? One very cautious step at a time . Keep your fingers crossed boys and girls .... this is going to be a bumpy ride through hell . 
is back to work .... ( sigh ) ..... 
is back to work after shaking the Minnesota Capitol . 
is good . Beware all those who enjoyed the silence .... my voice is back ! 
is off to AFSCME Council 5's Executive Board meeting ... sigh ... work work work . Is it Sunday yet ??? 
is going to have fun this weekend if it kills me .... 
the weather outside today is the same as my mood today . Cold , stormy and raining . The behavior and threats that happened last night at the St Paul RLF is making me rethink everything that I hold dear ... to be honest , I never want to go back there . 
is VERY excited about tomorrow !!! It is my favorite holiday ever !!!! GO GREEN !! 
is SO tired of meetings . Next week is not any better . Why do I do this again ?? I am in serious need of some real fun ... 
People !!! Read my horoscope on my wall ... it is SO fitting . Beth Branca , thanks for the reality check . I needed that ! 
Happy St Patricks Day to all . NOW show me your GREEN !!! 
is back in reality ... there is too much at stake here in Minnesota to worry about a few yahoos . Back to work !! 
is decidedly thinking she is smarter today than yesterday ... 
off to Gabrielle's 7th grade physical .... where has the time gone ? 
Have a great weekend all !!! See you on monday . 
is back to work after a sunny weekend ....... 
Is up and moving . Lots to do . Saints today and the kids are coming with ! 
NW Como dorks are undefeated in the playoffs . We play in the championship game tomorrow morning . If we win .... we go to state in 2 weeks !!!!!! 
quiet time tonight .... just me and the TV until 9pm .... yes !!! 
I'm losing it ! 
today i remember my wonderful mentor , friend and collegue Mark McAfee . You will always missed and loved . Today the world lost a man that made a difference .... 
Wishes she could freaking sleep already !!! 
Took Bailey to the dr today . Possible stress fracture in her right ankle ... orthopedic specialist here we come . Oh yeah . She got put on a dairy free diet and we have to increase her fiber intake . Poor baby . 
Happy 17th Birthday Curran James !! 
What a great weekend .... 
SO looking forward to this weekend ... I am getting all 7 of my kids together for my birthday . It takes a lot to get them all in the same room at the same time . Not for the weak of heart , these are MY kids !! 
Another day in paradise ... 
Hanging out with my kids .... jordayn and curran . This does not happen too much ... if ever . 
At gaby's concert at Barnes and Noble ! 
is taking a bath by candle light .... powers out . Have no other choice . Ugh . 
heading outside to bask in the sun .... ahhh . Off to gaby's softball game later . Go gabs ! 
is wishing her beautiful girls a very Happy Birthday . I love you both very much Mary and Martha . Have fun ! Call home once and awhile too ok ?? 
is dark and gloomy .... just like the weather .... I need the sun to shine . 
I get to back in time to relive my awkward teenage years ... have to go back to Murray Jr High school to register my daughter for her classes next year .... 
What a marvelous night for a moondance ... 
I am so happy .... no work for 10 days !!! I am so going to enjoy this !! 
At the Saints ! 
Is home relaxing ..... 
Happy Birthday to my wonderful son Drew . I love you !!! 
Happy happy Birthday Momma !! I love you !! 
is an idiot . 
After 9 hours in the cold and rain yesterday , I'm staying home and warm today . 
I am so super happy ... the SUN has decided to honor us with it's presence ..... ahhhhh 
At Bailey's last softball game of the year .... go Phoenix ! 
is looking forward to Valentine's Day this year ! My granddaughter is scheduled to appear ! 
is in Killeen , Texas . Ft . Hood and its 100 degrees here . Loving it !! 
Saints again ... hope they win tonight ! 
Goodbye Tom Conlon . You my friend will be missed . 
Happy 12th Birthday Gabrielle Lucia . I love you my blondie baby girl !!! 
is hanging at McGovern's with friends ... 
Happy 20th birthday to my darling Jordayn . I love you ! 
back to work ..... 
I'm up ! I'm up !!! 13 hours of sleep ... I think I needed it .... 
At the Saints . In the rain . Fireworks tonight ! 
At Culver's having a double butterburger ...... thanks baby sister . 
easy night . Chilling with most of my kids . 
Thank you nurses today ! Vote nurses ! 
Worries . 
is sad 
is supporting all the nurses on strike today . These are the people that take care of us when we are sick , or our children or parents are . Let's be fair . This is a matter of safety for all . 
NW Como fast pitch are now 4 and 0 ! Great job girls !! 
At the saints ... not many people here though ... 
Is watching the Stanley Cup finals . Hmmm . Flyers or Blackhawks . Who to cheer for .... 
looking forward to hanging out with my kids this weekend .... is it here yet ???? 
wishing ....... hoping ........... dreaming ......... 
work , work , work , drive , drive drive .... 
The NW Como dorks won their first game . They win their second then we play in the championship game tomorrow ! 
Off to the saints game ..... 
home home home home home .... 24 hours of driving yeah !!! I made it . 
Waiting .... waiting ...... waiting ..... waiting 
PETA(people eating tasty animals ... you know BBQ ) at the Saints today ! 
I love my kids !!! 
Just realized how big of a geek I am . Just watched 16 Candles with Molly Ringwald . Funny but after 26 years I still know almost all of the dialog !!!! 
is very proud if NW Como's fast pitch team . They lost one but sqeeked out a win the second . #13 hit a GRAND SLAM to pull out a win by one ! By the way ... #13 is my very own baby girl Gabrielle ! I'm a proud momma ! 
I just drove 1200 miles to take care of my dughter .... ouch . I need food and sleep . I have been awake for pretty much 48 hours . 
Have a great Fourth of July everyone !! 
Voted !!!! Mark Dayton . Betty . Mark Ritchie . John Choi . Love you guys !!! Good luck to Taryl Clark and Jeff Birttnen too ! 
At the saints game with Larry the cable guy ! 
Having fun at the Inaugural Ball !!! 
Celebrating Bailey's 9th birthday at Joe's Crab Shack !!! Nummy . 
Fresh atlantic salmon ? Check . Steak ? Check . Bratworst ? Check . Ready for a day at the Saints and enjoying the PeTA BBQ . 
Back to work !!! ugh .... 
Today is council 5's Executive board elections .... wish me luck ! 
Well . Its worse than originally thought . Both the bones and cartilage in my nose are fractured . Ugh . The fix ?? The doctor molded ( otherwise known as forcibly pushing ) the bones back into alignment 
Another day down ...... sigh ... 
happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy 
Well it is official .... I got a fractured nose for Christmas .... 
is feeling a little evil right now ...... 
NW Como 12 and under fastpitch Dorks are the City of St Paul champions !!!!! We get to go to state in 2 weeks up in Buffalo ! I'm proud of all of my girls . 
is spending the weekend at AFSCME's offices doing GOTV for Mark Dayton . 
is hoping that all the Minnesotan's out there vote for @Mark Dayton tomorrow . He is the man that can lead Minnesota back to the values that we once coveted . 
At the Saint's game . Last home stand of the season . Tonight tomorrow and Wednesday ( oh ! Fireworks ) . What a week .... 
Week is almost over !!!! Thank god .... 
Woo hoo !! I am reelected to the Council 5 exec board ! Thanks for all the love ! n 
is going insane . Congrats Mark Dayton ! You are a wonderful man . 
home alone .... sigh .... 
is spending tine with my daughter Martha . 
is up for a day of parades ( 3 to be exact ) and then off to the Saints game . 
......... and then I'm going to bed ........ 
Just realized the importance of teaching your children about filtering what they say in public .... sigh .... 
had dinner with Drew , Mary , Martha , Jordayn , Curran , Gabrielle and Bailey .... Brooke , Keil and Dan too ..... yea !!! 
My sister Melinda's birthday is coming !! Happy Birthday baby sister . I love you !!! 
Going to try to have a relaxing weekend .... hopefully that does NOT mean chaos will abound . 
... it's going to be a long week ..... 
Can't wait for 2011 to start !!! So many changes . So many plans . 2 grandbabies due ! I'm a lucky woman !! Happy New Year ! 
Spending my weekend , Monday and Tuesday turning out the vote !! Go Dayton !! ( Betty , John Choi , Matt Bostrom , Alice Hausman , John Lesch , Ellen Anderson ... everyone else too ) 
And so it beings ..... woken up by SNOWPLOWS this morning . sigh . 
Can't wait for saturday !!! Martha is coming home !!! Damn I miss my daughter ! 
Looking forward to Thanksgiving !! maybe ..... 
Jordayn 
Hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving !!! At home recovering from extreme over eating .... 
is absolutely convinced that Minnesota has OCD 
OMG . The guys sitting behind me at the Wild game just said " they shouldn't show hits like that . There are children watching " Did I mention I'm at a HOCKEY game ??????? 
woo hoo the crackberry addict has her phone again ..... happy me !! 
Now I know I need some real sleep ..... I forgot my phone at home today !!! Ugh . Guess I will have to go and get it ... sigh 
is wondering where the year has gone ..... December already .... sigh 
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah .................... 
Well . Its worse than originally thought . Both the bones and cartilage in my nose are fractured . Ugh . The fix ?? The doctor molded ( otherwise known as forcibly pushing ) the bones back into alignment . Going home to curl up in a ball and cry .... 
At home . 
Am very annoyed to find out that some people have taken to reading my and my kids FB statuses and are spreading misinformation about us . Really people ???? Really ??? 
at Bamboo Betty's with shannon . BINGO time !! 
Wonders if laying on the couch watching TV all night counts as sleeping ....... 
Happy . 
Is bummed that I had to stay homeand work rather than go to the Board retreat ..... sigh .... 
one baby sister safely dropped off at the airport ! Have a fun girls weekend Melinda !! 
You just got to ignite the light and let it shine . Just own the night like the fourth of july cause baby you're a firework ..... 
ay I stand with the teachers , nurses , and all public employees of Wisconsin who are fighting for their rights . If you do too , change this to your status for the rest of the day . 
........ I will stand by you . I will help you through . When you've done all you can do and you can't cope . I will dry your eyes . I will fight your fight . I will hold you tight and I won't let go ..... 
Really ? You have got to be kidding me . Get another hobby people . Geesh . 
don't listen to the critics because the are everywhere .... 
I love babies . World meet my granddaughter Amalia Rose . 
its a Linkin Park kind of a day . 
Shame on the Wisconsin republicans . Going against the public will that way is complete cowardice !! 
At home with a messed up knee ...... freaking ice . When will it ever be spring ??? 
Yea !!!! Playing with my new iPhone 4 !!! 
I don't want to go back to work tomorrow !!! You can't make me . 
Tomorrow my son turns 18 !! Yet another adult child in my life . Love you Curran James !! 
spent the weekend working for our Ramsey County candidates !! Matt Bostrom for Sheriff and John Choi for attorney ... it was too fun ! 
My daughter Martha just informed me that I have another granddaughter coming this summer !!! Yea !!! Mollie will have a cousin to go shopping with ! 
Today will be a good day ! 
my head hurts ..... I need to desperately go back to bed now , thank you . 
Mike and I are off to the ER with Gabrielle . She got hit in the head at softball ...... 
dear god .... I have been wondering what we have done so wrong that you continue to torture us with this white crap falling from the sky . Please , please , please make it stop . Thank you . 
Always forgive your enemies , nothing annoys them so much . -Oscar Wilde 
Off to Ground Zero for the night . 
One nation . Under God . With liberty and justice for all . 
I just want to honor all those mom's out there that are moms by choice , not birth . My mom is one of them . She is everything and more . My hero . My friend . So this weekend I honor you . I love you with all my heart . Thank you Mary Falk for being my mom . 
Rain rain go away .... 
