is a convicted plush toy molester . 
Morphine ...? Please .....?? 
Great Scott ! Showers are Amazing !! 
“There is no use in trying , ” said Alice ; “one can’t believe impossible things . ” “I dare say you haven’t had much practice , ” said the Queen . “When I was your age , I always did it for half an hour a day . Why , sometimes I’ve believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast ! ” 
FRIED HIS COMPUTER !! ( Need to format boot-drive .... ) * weeps * 
Job hunting is Eating My Soul . Gah ! 
* cries * iPhone is broken .... 
Absinthe maketh the heart grow fonder , to be sure . 
Artistic differences ..... 
SOMEBODY HIRE ME 
- Maaike , you should come over raqndomly more often .... even if it is to drunkenly throw up in my front yard and then give me hugs . XD Miss you . 
What is it about kneecaping that always makes me laugh ?? I blame the Wiki article : " Knee-capping is a form of malicious wounding [ ... ] See Also : Hamstringing " 
is on hold waiting for his accountant .... and the hold music is P ! nk . Best accountant ever . 
falling into The Cure -Disintergration- and being held tight . 
I have jaundice . 
is a popcorn Ninja ! 
A man my age is very young , so I'm told . Why do I feel so old ? 
is healthy and jaundice free . 
enjoys a rousing game of grabass with the guys , now and again . 
This is fact not fiction For the first time in years 
I'm pouring some whiskey right now , I'm going to get so , so drunk That I pass out , forget your face , by the time I wake up . 
Will you live in hope or dark desire ? Fuck love give me fire . 
Home from camping ! 
- Whaysted !! 
* sigh * broken knuckle ... that was silly . 
Between a rope and a bottle . 
I can't see straight but the two of you look awfully pretty .. 
' s Facebook status is constantly violated by so-called " friends " . 
And the world spins round while the people fall down ... there is love to be found . 
" You must try harder . It is not easy to become sane . " 
Curiousity made Frin sick .... Beetroot juice + Coconut Rum = fail . 
loves that , for a second , skateboards clicking across cracks as they come down the footpath sound like horses hooves . 
http://www.xkcd.net/676/ 
is a veritable guard puppy . 
is cutting uperglue out of his arm hair .... Ow ! 
- fool me ( more than ) twice means shame on me . 
is throwing snowballs out the window and watching them explode on the road below ! 
Windsor noose : Suit yourself ( with something to hang yourself ) 
iPhone is HOME At LAST ! So now I will need all your numbers again ! 
Just typed " buzzing mouth hum instrument " into Google when trying to think of the name for " Kazoo's " - it could have gone worse . ( Worse as in : It's not a good idea to look up " hardcore " music with Google search safety off when Nana's about - she tends to get alarmed by sudden fake-moaning blasting from speakers after a miss-click ) 
NEW COMPUTER !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
" A completely ordinary number , a number not just divisible by two but also six and seven . In fact it's the sort of number that you could , without any fear , introduce to your parents . " 
" Cuz you've been gone exactly two weeks , two weeks and three days ... " 
JT doppelganger 
" I was trying to pull out but he was longer than I thought ! " - Clair Haycock 
" You rung me because you couldn't remember my number ! " " Well that was before I wrote it down ... " ( direct quote between Ange's parents ) 
Rule Forty-two in Alice's Adventures in Wonderland : " All persons more than a mile high to leave the court " 
iHamlet 
" I'll wet tongue you if you wet tongue me . " -Angela McCurdie ( Today - 11:15 pm ) 
It's quantum mechanics on a galactic scale . 
* SHEER JOY * ( Pokemon ! ) 
Hannah Ayn " Draining the corn ... " 
We are the champions !!! 
a sheep is not a creature of the air . 
My hovercraft is full of eels . 
@Hannah Ayn - Those Who Are Okay Until Savage Garden Plays . 
" You smell of mothballs " -Dad , talking to my Mother 
Listening to the best audiobook ever ! ( " Edward And The Pirates " record in 2006 by Kaylie Allen ) 
Fast Track Waiting Area - oxymoron . 
Bitches be crazy . 
all my riches for her smiles when I slept so soft against her ... 
IF YOU HAVE SENT ME A MESSAGE IN THE LAST WEEK AND I HAVE NOT REPLIED IT'S BECAUSE MY NOT-IPHONE IS HORRIBLE AND EATS MESSAGES BEFORE I CAN OPEN THEM ! PLEASE TXT AGAIN THIS EVENING AFTER I GET MY IPHONE BACK . 
Fuck , everyone's boring . 
From the sweet old woman who brought you quotes such as " Workin ' like a nigger ! " ; " Shut up your .. face . Tee hee ! " -Nana 
" Fuck you and your life goals " -Alice 
* is pretending to be Iron Man * 
Henry Rollins ! Yes . Great man , great show . 
There is no ' a ' in yogurt . 
Some had crawled their way into your heart to rend your ventricles apart 
Oh clairvoyant iPod , you astound me . 
Seeing botanist as friend to tell me what trees the next door neighbour has . 
The more people I know the more I like my Teddy Bears .... 
Love is a swimming pool with no bottom ... :D 
is lucky Kaine Beaumont is such a good friend , unlike others who may take advantage of his facebook being left logged on . 
You cry until you laugh , you laugh unti you cry and everyone must breathe until we become robots powered by lithium ions . 
D: iPhone died again . * weeps * 
She makes my cheeks hurt ... from smiling . 
R.I.P. Douglas Adams , you awesome frood . And happy Towel Day to all ! 
Ankoku .... ='( 
We have no scar to show from happiness ... We learn so little from peace 
I <3 Mac ! New iPhone !!!! Squee !! 
I've been wisking this egg nog for half an hour now !! D: 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fVJ4xz-1JY8&feature=youtube_gdata 
Power is out ! Shops are closed ! Water is creeping up the road !! Floodapocalypse ! D: 
On the bathroom floor from the night before 
is a law abiding citizen . 
" A man who knocked on a door seeking sanctuary and found , instead , the outer edges of ... The Twilight Zone . " Bahaha ! Genius ! 
Yeah employment ! 
Drunk quote of the evening : " ... And THAT completely screwed my brain tank ! " 
Tattoo !! 
If you are trying to contact me you probably can't . My computer is down and phone broken ! Life still in boxes and moving company is flooded . D: ( thank you , public internet , for allowing me these few minutes ) 
Carrot is my nemesis . 
Is about to eat his hat ( if I had one ) 
One of the greatest moments of my life : Just remote control drove myself across the lounge room atop my glorious R/C bus steed ! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5zey8567bcg 
@Nicole Quinn " Ducks : they're no bees ! " 
Epic camping trip continues - we have now taken over my parents holiday house . From marshmallows and swimming to pasta and Mario Kart . :) 
These violent delights have violent ends and in their triumph die . 
Can a man not wear his underwear over his pants without having everyone stop and ask him why ?! 
Sleepless night , again . But I managed to write a position paper on my anger at the US senate and how I can save the world . 
My computer , my baby , is broken . I need a mobo compatible with a quad core i5 for testing . Can anybody help ? 
" If Brisbane was wrong I'd drive straight off the edge " ( Fail at changing lyrics for the town , Matt Skiba ) -Alkaline Trio 
If you're trying to contact me I am not dead - but my phone is . D: 
Discovered more reasons not to be on the Internet whilst drunk . Also , beer is not breakfast . 
" Your assumptions are your windows on the world . Scrub them off every once in a while , or the light won't come in . " - Isaac Asimov 
I've fixed Tesla Zwicky ! :D HUZZAR ! 
" Punched in the face with a vagina ! " -Nay 
IT'S ALIVE !! ( my phone , that is ) :D 
Actively trying not to gnaw my own arm off ! Gah !! 
Typing with one hand so as not to disturb the tiny rodent asleep in my shirt . Naww ! 
Finally escaped the clutches of Brisbane !! 
Reformed Brisbanite seeking a well seasoned Melbournian to explain trams and other such things . Apply here . 
Young and in love 
NEW BIKE !!!! Welcome to the world , Eugene !! * glee * 
Never looking back , it's Tuesday , I'm in love . <3 
Day 4 Dying of Tonsillitis ( see : mouth AIDS ) D: 
iPhone , why you no have temperature taking app ??! 
Dog training ! :D 
RIP heat-wheat bag , your flaming death in the microwave will not be forgotten ! 
State Of Origin !! :D 
Buckwheat is not a cereal grain ! 
Metal plate now inserted into my hand - I'm one step closer to becoming Wolverine ! 
Endless games of Cluedo ! 
There's a funnel web spider living in my room , guarding his window-crack domain . How long is their lifespan ? 
" Is that The Beatles ?! ... Oh , no , it's a SWAT team . They have the same hair . " -James Lyons 
Tick tick tick tick tick ... 
Tonsilitus ! D: " Soft kitty , warm kitty , little ball of fur ! Happy kitty , sleepy kitty , purr , purr , purr . " 
Ha ! Take that washing machine ! Repaired !! 
Frin in the sky with James ! 
Ahhh Brisbane - your random bus arrival times never cease to infuriate . 
Hello Sydney ! 
Home , having my dinner cooked for me after a day of building and playing with my foster puppies . Life is lovely ! :D 
" But if I prop the house up maybe they'll let us keep it for longer . " 
iPhone 4s ordered !!!! HUZZAR ! Now have to wait 3 to 5 buisness days . D: 
The 30 Rock Soundtrack is Amazing ! " It's 1/3rd funner with , you know who , Mr Templeton !! " 
Thank you to all for the love and recovery wishes ! I am essentially Mr Burns at the moment , super weak and generally infirm ; lucky I have my eeexcellent and faithful Smithers ( Little Lion ) to nurse me . :) 
