Is soo missing Shelaan and Aunty !!!!! 
is sick and feels like crap . 
It's so true : To some you may be forgotten , to others a part of the past , But to me who loved you dearly , your memories will always last . Nothing can be more beautiful than the memories I have of you . To me , you were someone special , God must have thought so too ! If tears could build a staircase and memories a lane , I would walk all the way to Heaven , and bring you back again . 
is sick and miserable , like anyone cares .... ( also a little bit bitchy today , I'll get over it eventually ) 
To all my friends : I just wanted to take some time to say I looove you all and I know just how privileged you all feel to be my friend . Yes , I am being very sincere and it is not that time of the month . xox > 33 
I got told that I look like rachael leigh cook ... 
Finally got my PFC chevrons from September ..... lol , I couldn't be any happier . Mosquito wings rock !!!! 
Anger is not only inevitable , but it is necessary . For in its place is indifference , the worst of all human qualities . 
Yay it's Friday !! The weekend is finally here and it's about darn time ! 
??? ??????? ??? ?????????? ??? ????????? ????? ??? ??????????? ?????? ??? ??????? ???? ?????? ??? ???????????? ????? ?????? ????? ??????? ??????? ????????? ????????? ????? ??? ????????? ????? ?????????? ????? ???????? ????????? ??? ??????? ????? ????????? ??????? 
is sad .... very , very , very , very much . SIGH ***** 
Ran a PFT this morning and got a 6 mile hike at zero-dark hundred tomorrow ... then back to work . Lol , the fun never stops :P 
I'm feeling like a star , you can't stop my shine 
I'm lovin ' cloud nine , my head's in the sky 
I'm solo , I'm ridin ' solo 
I'm ridin ' solo , I'm ridin solo , solo :))) 
Having a brief CRL session because our Doc is motivated . They better be joking if they think I'm gonna let some one prick me and try to find my vein ... I'll gladly use the needle on someone else right now though 
5 days left :) I actually enjoy this . Garrison is going to suck ... 
If I was a flower growing wild and free 
All I'd want is you to be my sweet honey bee . 
And if I was a tree growing tall and green 
All I'd want is you to shade me and be my leaves ... 
All I want is you , will you be my bride 
Take me by the hand and stand by my side 
All I want is you , will you stay with me ? 
Hold me in your arms and sway me like the sea . 
Think I'm bipolar .. this day started out so bad but now that I look at it differently , things aren't so bleak at all :) .. 
Party in the barracks for cinco de mayo !! 
Going crazy at home ! Can't wait to leave !! 
Do not go where the path may lead , go instead where there is no path and LEAVE A TRAIL -Ralph Waldo Emerson 
get ready to dream :) 
Totally got a runners high today ... if you know me , you know that's weird 
Keep me away from the wisdom which does not cry , the philosophy which does not laugh and the greatness which does not bow before children . -Khalil Gibran 
" A real man doesn't love a million girls . He loves one girl in a million ways " . 
Either I can be 
alone with no drama my own money and grow old by myself drama free and 
choose to keep my heart to myself or .... I can fall in love , have drama 
come and go , get married , have kids , share a companionship for the rest 
of my life with someone I will argue with and hate at time but when the 
sun rises and sets kno I own someones heart ... deciding which one I 
prefer !?!?!? 
When nothing goes right ... go left . 
" Find a job you love and you will never have to work a day in your life . " -Confucius 
Needs some motivation ! I'm feeling really down 
There are no stupid questions , just stupid people . 
Shy Urdiales and Rui Rocha this picture is for you :P 
enjoying Japan ... I guess 
polar bears with sunglasses .. haha 
2hr beach PT this morning .. excuse me while I shake the sand off my balls :) 
Is enjoying pissing off her new roomie ... heehee 
Is a little anxious about Japan ... 
Just got my welcome ceremony ... nothin better than getting dunked into a 3k then having to go fishing for your cover . Should've worn my jungles .. 
Awesome day . Blacked out twice then had to move a bunch of 3k's .. it was only me & one other kid . Would've been nice if my performance was noticed . Guess I gotta turn it up a notch then ... lol then there's chaser school 
To all my girls from bootcamp : I'm so proud of you all . We made it ! Just remember , never stop or get comfortable where you are . Keep on moving and you will truly live . I love you all because we shared something we'll never forget . Keep on pushing forth and taking down all life throws at you ... and if your lucky , we just might meet again . Lmao , it never stops xxx 
So even though it rained for the majority of the night and I am covered in mud , the feild mess night wasn't too bad just glad I'm back . Off to the shower ! Lol 
Nth much just getting used to my new life . Gotta wake up at five tomm for pt then on to work till six pm then prob chill with some peoples .. still haven't completely moved in n checked into my unit I've got 3 more shots to take and a few dental appts 
" a needle is such a small brittle thing . It is easily broken . It can hold but one fragile thread . But if the needle is sharp , it can pierce the coarsest cloth . Ply the needle in and out of a canvas and with great length of thread one can make a sail to move a ship across the ocean . " Sometimes it's the small things that make a big difference . 
Feeling a little bit of Armani and Prada for some time now ... 
Finally reporting into my unit today . Hansen , here I come ! 
" Have you been washing your pants in Windex ? Because I can see myself in them . " Lmao .. 
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step , and a lot of bitching . 
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass ... it's about learning to dance in the rain 
She's out of my league was insanely hilarious ... esp the ' shaving ' part lmao : " D 
Better get duty recovery tomorrow .... or else someone gets hurt 
If you live to be a hundred I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I don't have to live without you . 
“They keep saying the right person will come along , I think mine got hit by a truck . ” 
Leaving early tomorrow . Waking up at 0330 ... lol , it's going to be a looong day . Should be in Okinawa by nightfall . SIGHH ** 
Too often , we lose sight of life simple pleasures . Remember , when someone annoys you it take 42 muscles in your face to frown . BUT ... it only takes 4 muscles to extend your arm and BITCH-SLAP that motherf# ? @&% upside the head ! 
Quite a refreshing pt at the crack of dawn even though I was asleep during part if the run gonna be earlier tomorrow 
We must accept finite disappointment , but we must never lose infinite hope . -MLK 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING !!!!!!!!! 
Between two evils , I always pick the one I never tried before . 
Oh joy , another fun-filled week begins ... can someone please just shoot me ?? 
Hike tomorrow ! PFT this Friday ! Gotta love it 
" Since the birth of our nation , the steady performance of the Marine Corps in fighting America's battles has made it the very symbol of military excellence . The Corps has come to be recognized worldwide as an elite force of fighting men , renowned for their physical endurance , for their high level of obedience , and for the fierce pride they take , as individuals , in the capacity for self discipline " 
— Clare Boothe Luce 
True friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship ..... and then pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been , I love you guys ........ 
1st person to like my status - I'll change my last name to yours for a week . 
2nd person to like my status - I'll write I love you on your wall for 3 days . 
3rd person to like my status - I will answer any question . ( inbox Only ) 
4th person to like my status - Can choose my profile pic . 
Put this as your status . . . . if you're brave enough .............. 
Ok world , hope you're ready cause here I come ..! 
Hike this Friday ... FML literally . 
Sitting outside the barracks with the guys waiting for a call ... woke up @ 0250 cleaned my room , got all my gear ready ... yaaawn ** .. yup I think we're combat ready for Korea .. I don't even think our officer's even awake . 
Friday !! I love you !! 
Why do I like the Corp so much ?? :-/ 
Think I'm getting sick . Hopefully it's one of those 24hr things 
Missing the old days .... 
It rained all weekend but thank goodness it decided to stop this morning for PT .. I would've been heartbroken if it hadn't . 
just keep swimming ... 
We are asking everyone to say a prayer for " Darkhorse " 3rd Battalion 5th Marines and their families . They are fighting it out in Afghanistan and have lost 9 marines in 4 days . Please re-post this . IT WOULD BE NICE TO SEE ON EVERYONES WALL 
The mother is everything - she is our consolation in sorrow , our hope in misery , and our strength in weakness . She is the source of love , mercy , sympathy , and forgiveness . He who loses his mother loses a pure soul who blesses and guards him constantly . - Khalil Gibran . { I miss you mom xox } 
I have learned silence from the talkative , toleration from the intolerant , and kindness from the unkind ; yet , strange , I am ungrateful to those teachers . -Kahlil Gibran . 
Finally changed my privacy settings so all my friends can View my wall posts ... I didn't even know it was that bad till someone told me ! I just though no one bothered :( So much for assumptions ... lol 
Close your eyes and listen to your heart . No matter how much you feel when it comes to love it will always be your heart that guides you because the mind and it's logic have no place with matters of the heart ; and when it comes to emotions , they are just another current in the sea of life you swim ; go with them but don't get carried away . They will eventually lead you to something if you swim long enough :) ..... 
Just wish I could've taken a dump at 3am without the port-a-john being locked and then getting attacked by mosquitos in the tree line ... thankfully I couldn't see a thing because the floodlights are down .. O.o 
Duty at 0357 it takes some kinda motivation to go though all the crap we do . I could be somewhere else enjoying what I have of a weekend ... sigh *** How do Marines stay motivated anyway ?? Lol , I guess we're just some kind of special :) 
Battalion PT was motivating ! I had scrub all the mud off me 
' Blessed be he who expects nothing , for he shall never be disappointed . " -Alexander Pope 
" Optimism is the first cousin of love , and it's exactly like love in three ways : it's pushy , it has no real sense of humor , and it turns up where you least expect it . " 
-Shantaram 
Just got bck frm 4 day feild op . Hurrah for weekends , gonna get ready for the nxt 2 weeks on the field .... 
Guys can be soo hurtful . And they wonder why we play games with their heads :( 
I thank GOD for everyone in my life . Whether you are in the corps or not , you are in my life and I really appreciate you for that . If I still like you I still call you . If I haven't I'm busy . But know you are in my heart . I love all of you . That's why I'm here because of people like you . Thank you for being you and please don't stop anytime soon . Happy new years everyone . imu all <3 
Down here Friday evenings are the best part of the week > 3 
" I shall call him Squishy and he shall be mine and he shall be my Squishy . " 
<3 I luff Dory <3 
Four days , no showers , and 50+ bug bites later .... feeling awesome :( 
What's going on ?? * O.O * I just woke up in a bad dream .. 
lol it wasn't a 24hr thing ... x-( 
Can't stop thinking about you and I hate it 
You had me at hello ... <3 
I prefer to be a dreamer among the humblest , with visions to be realized , than lord among those without dreams and desires 
Men and their drama is on a whole nuther level ... jus jeez 
Dear tummy , 
Why must u want food after a great work out ? I'm trying my best to make u cute , so .. please , work with me here , k ? Thanks :] 
Love , Zynab . [ ? ] ( thx ana for the idea .. ) 
March on . Do not tarry . To go forward is to move toward perfection . March on , and fear not the thorns , or the sharp stones on life's path . 
Kahlil Gibran 
Think I'm bipolar .. this day started out so bad but now that I look at it differently things aren't so bleak at all :) 
Yes ; I would actually like a fucking cookie please . So , where is it ?? 
If only the days could go by slower after I get back ! 
To everyone I haven't seen in forever : I miss you and love you lots . I suck at long distance and my plates full for the next few weeks as I try to rearrange my life back together for however long I'm staying in okie . So please bear with me and be patient I'll will get to you as soon as possible . lots o ' xox 
Don't go where the path may lead , go instead where there is no path and leave a TRAIL . 
The world can suck my dick ... 
Can't wait to go back to Japan ... OOHHH the crazy things I'll do !! 
I never realize how much I like being home unless I've been somewhere really different for a while . -Juno 
So they trying to change Zodiacs to : Jan . 20 -Feb . 16 , Aquarius : Feb . 16 - March 11 , Pisces : March 11- April 18 , Aries : April 18- May 13 , Taurus : May 13- June 21 , Gemini : June 21- July 20 , Cancer : July 20- Aug . 10 , Leo : Aug . 10- Sept . 16 , Virgo : Sept . 16- Oct . 30 , Libra : Oct . 30- Nov . 23 , Scorpio : Nov . 23- Nov . 29 , Ophiuchus : Nov . 29- Dec . 17 Sagittarius : Dec . 17- Jan . 20 ... CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS ?!?!? 
and the rollercoaster never stops ... 
Life is pretty awesome :) and I plan on keeping it that way ! 
errrr ................................. 
" Sometimes people put up walls , not to keep others out , but to see who cares enough to break them down . " 
" feel my legs !!! " " why ...? " " i just shaved :) " 
I'm through with being under-appreciated . Some people deserve to be ignored . 
It's never what you're doing , but with whom you're doing it with that matters :) 
" That's a six-shooter . There's nine bodies , genius ! What were you gonna do , laugh the other three to death , funny-man ?! " 
96 coming uppp ! RAHHHH 
Played Qura'an in the barracks this morning ... it made my day :) EID MUBARAK EVERYONE !!!! 
" Your living is determined not so much by what life brings to you as by the attitude you bring to life ; not so much by what happens to you as by the way your mind looks at what happens . " ~ Kahlil Gibran 
It's LOVE MY SISTER(S ) week . If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you stumble , cheered you on , and kept you strong , post this . Sisters are a friend forever . Put this on your status if you have an amazing sister 
The problem with boys they make you think they love you when they dont . The problem with girls they make you think they dont love you when they do . 
They were right .... dancing in the rain is awesome ... especially when you're with friends :)) 
Gas Chamber :) 
Remember , life is a precious gift , love is a wonderful gift , and laughter is glorious gift . So live life to the fullest , love with all your heart , and laugh as much as you breathe . 
is blessed :) 
" If a man does not keep pace with his companions , perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer . " - R.W.E. 
I <3 my peeps ! They're the shittt :) 
well Cliff Thime ..... it was nice having your name lol ... I'd like to think I carried it well . But back to me !! :D 
21 questions pisses me off . There are so many sad people out there who don't know me at all ... it's frustrating !! SIGH * 
Mess with me and you'll see a side of me you've never seen before ... 
My boo boo is leaving me ... back to being lonely and depressed :( ... 
" Sometimes we love with nothing more than hope . Sometimes we cry with everything except tears . In the end that's all there is : love and it's duty , sorrow and it's truth . In the end that's all we have -- to hold on tight until the dawn . " 
Hangin out with the coolest guys Ive ever met EVER . I repeat EVER . Get off me . 
I like being different . Get off me . 
0745 and my eyes are already burning me from exhaustion .... well at least it'll give me something to look forward to when the headache and sinuses kick in >.< 
staying chill ... 
I hate my life right now .... I hate not having anything to do and no body around to chill with :( 
ANNOUNCEMENT : I just wanna say I will be lonely and single for the rest of my life and true love forgot me . Oh , and happy valentines day to all those who truly believe in it and have someone to vouch for it . Congratulations ... I hope your lives are filled with all the joys and wonders I will never have the chance to realize . Sighh ... and that will be all for now ' k , bye ? 
Almost broke a $ 400,000 piece of equipment today ... talk about a major brain fart 
