Thoroughly enjoyed getting home after a 6hr day at uni and faceplanting onto my bed 
is having problems with my Laptop . Who to blame , Dell or Microsoft ? 
Apparently Microsoft Word spellcheck speaks pirate . It suggested that ' there are two ' should be changed to ' there be two ' 
is still has a problem with my laptop despite having the Operating System reinstalled . Dell : FAIL , Vista : FAIL , Microsoft : FAIL , Modern Technology : FAIL . I am seriously considering becoming Amish or else turning feral and going off to live in the bush , far away from modern ' convieniences ' . 
can officially say that I drive slower than an old woman after being passed easily by one this morning , even though I was driving at 100-105 kph . 
is listening to the Lord of the Rings soundtracks and is keen for a LOTR movie marathon . 
wishes real farmwork was as easy as it is on farmville . 
has just finished 3 exams in the space of a day and a half . Time for a nap I think . 
Wants to get the new Tau XV9 battlesuit models from Forge World 
just saw a perfomance by Japanese Pianist Noriko Ogawa . Absolutely amazing ! 
is feeling thouroughly unmotivated , probably due to the combination of Friday , sun and study week . 
Turn up the music and chill out in the sun . 
found my Stats exam was easier than expected , not sure yet if that is a good thing or a bad thing . 
Is wondering what I did to deserve 3 exams in 2 days , including a 3hr Genetics exam at 9:15 am on Saturday . 
Its more than slightly depressing seeing everyone's posts about finishing exams and in some cases their degree when I have just had my first two exams today and still have another one tomorrow morning . I am so looking forward to 12:30 pm tomorrow when I can disengage my brain and partake of activities that require little to no cognitive function ; like playing old DOS games on my computer . 
Hmmm .... late at night + procrastination + Facebook somehow = Sudden facination with Finding Nemo . Any Psychologists or Psychiatrists out there able to provide an explanation ? 
Tests done , petrography assignment handed in , all that stands between me and the holidays is a 3 day field trip starting at 8am tomorrow . 
Describe me with the first letter of your name then put this as your status and see what you get (: 
Puns for Educated Minds 
1 .. 
The fattest knight at King Arthur's round table was Sir Cumference . 
He acquired his size from too much pi . 
So tired I feel like I might just fall asleep in mid ... zZzZzZzZzZzZzZzZzZzZzZzZzZzZzZz 
was planning on procrastinating when I got home this evening but have since decided that I will do that tomorrow instead . 
I think Waikato University hates me .... Despite having two weeks timetabled for exams , the three exams that I have are scheduled in consecutive timeslots during the last two days of the exam period . 
I feel I have just crossed a terrible threshold today ... I woke up this morning to the ralisation that , even while dreaming , I am still capable of making those terrible puns that I often inflict upon unsuspecting friends . 
Thanks everyone for the Birthday wishes 
You know you've spent too much time working on your Oceanography Longwave Modelling assignment when ....... 
a ) Your brain starts to hurt 
b ) You start feeling seasick 
c ) You start wondering if a mexican wave progressing in one direction would combine with an equal sized mexican wave progressing in the opposite direction and thus form a mexican standing wave ... 
While driving home today I managed to prove that Left and Right are in fact the same thing because both equate to zero - MLIA 
Its weird how my assignment looks exactly like facebook ....... wait a second ... 
A man who says little is a man who says two syllables . 
A beautiful clear morning , free breakfast , hot air balloons and a stroll around Hamilton Lake makes for a pretty awesome start to the day . However , the best part would have to be Katie Mourits and myself making complete fools of ourselves by playing on the kids playgrounds ^U^ 
For future reference , carrying ~ 9-10 litres of milk back from the cowshed to my house after one of Chip Faulkner's workouts is not recommended . 
Engineers have developed special paint/coatings that repel dirt etc so that buildings can be self-cleaning but why has nobody designed the self-cleaning bedroom yet ? 
Dear America , 
You produced Miley Cyrus . Bieber is your punishment . 
Sincerely , Canada . 
24 mini Triple Choc muffins baked , approximately 48 left to go ....... did I go overboard by tripling the recipe ? I think not ....... om nom nom . 
Deploy the Yak ! 
Dear Motorists 
Its been a while . You don't call , don't write and never pop in for a visit just to see how I've been or to find out what has changed . Its almost as if you don't know me at all , or even realise that I exist . 
Sincerely , The Road Code . 
I'm going to the Fieldays tomorrow so if anyone wants to hang out then send me a txt . 
Hopefully in less than 2 hours I will be flying ( or attempting to fly ) my very own helicopter ; if its not raining that is . 
( Toasted Bagel + Cream Cheese + Jam ) x 2 = Happy Brian 
My curfew was the street light . My Mum called my name , not my mobile . I played outside with friends , not online . If I didn't eat what my Mum cooked , then I didn't eat . Sanitizer didn't exist , but you COULD get your mouth washed out with soap . I rode a bike without a helmet , getting dirty was ace and neighbours looked out for you as much as your parents did . Re-post if you drank from a garden hose and survived . 
My Colour is Green 
Do you like this colour : My favourite colour . 
Would you dye your hair this colour : Well it would match the colour of my eyes but would clash horribly with my ginger facial hair . 
A food this colour : French Toast ....... my sisters ' were feeling creative that day 
This colour reminds me of : Piff the Magic Dragon 
Like this and I will give you a colour 
Type your name and enter the letter in your search bar see who comes up first .. 
B - Brooke Freemantle 
R - Christopher Len Rich 
I - ....... Nobody :( 
A - Ashleigh Lattin-Bright 
N - Nicole Freemantle 
The first of the Imperial Navy fighter squadrons , the 386th , was waiting onboard the Hammer of Thrace for an airbase and supplies to be put in place before they could transfer to the surface . 

It's National Book Week . Grab the nearest book to you . Go to page 56 . Copy the 5th sentence as your status . Don't mention the book , re-paste these rules . 
The definition of Irony is when a Dairy farmer injures his calf muscle during springtime . 
PLEASE post this as your status if you know someone who has been eaten by Penguins . Penguins are nearly unstoppable and , when hungry , also breathe fire . 71% of people won't copy this into their status because they have already been eaten by Penguins . Another 28% won't because they are hiding in their showers with fire extinguishers awaiting the coming Penguinapocalypse . The remaining 1% are awesome and will repost 
