is playing Okami ! 
I got fucking yoga for next year .... somehow I think that I would fail that class .... calm and relaxed my ass . Anyways I'm going see if I can switch some classes around . lol 
Going to clean the house then play the sims 3 .... maybe wake up my brother .... maybe . lol 
Had crazy dream about having a peanut butter fettish while napping ..... so sticky yet so tasty . lol 
Now it's one o'clock in the morning and I'm going to play the Sims 3 .... yet another addiction . 
Yay , Happy 4th of July people !!! I can't wait for my cuzzez to come over !!! 
is so bored she is going to wake up her brother just so he can teach her to play first-person shooter games . She can't do it because she gets really jumpy and acts like she's really going to die . Wish her luck ... both for the videogame and her sanity . 
I feel really sick to my stomach but I'll suck it up .... I'm good at sucking .... lol 
I pulled an all nighter ..... yay ? 
Leaving for vaca . tomorrow .... can't wait . 
wishes she woke up before two in the afternoon . Now I have only two hours before nagging begins . 
Ok , I lost all of my contacts so EVERYONE needs to send me a message with their phone number !!! 
hasn't done anything productive in a long , long time . txt me ! 
Are you having a bad day ? Has something gone wrong ? Is something missing or broken ? I'm going to say sorry because apparently everything is always my fault .... 
Yay for staying up until 7 in the morning !!! I love the summer . 
I'm hungry ..... 
My cousins tired me out ! lol txt me .... 
I had a horseshow yesterday and now my whole body hurts ... it feels like I've been hit by a truck . lol 
is wishing her parents didn't pick Jesse as the favorite child so that maybe she could be eating a gingerbread cookie right now . For those of you who are unaware of my ability to hold grudges in approximatly three days I will once again bring up this damn 
" Hurry I'm Falling " 
Finally my friends win and I have a Facebook . 
I'm babysitting my cousins on Thursday which should be a big task but I get $80 . Do you know what I would do for $80 ? A guy for one hour . lol 
It is officially midnight and I've been on facebook for three hours .... I want to thank my friends for the peer pressure to join this site as well as my brother who actually made me do it and of course my mother who I know will attempt to friend me althoug 
I have a feeling today is going to be super boring .... 
SHIT !!! I woke up at 2:30 again . Now it's only one and a half hour before the nagging starts . I probably should stop staying up until 4 in the morning . I AM OFFICIALLY IN SUMMER MODE AND WANT TO PARTY BITCHES ! 
My cousins are over !!! I might go with them to the fireworks in town . 
spent her day at a bridal shower . Now she is hotter than a jack-rabbit with heat stroke eating peppers in the middle of July in Texas . 
is watching music videos and doing a bunch of chores . 
is getting increasingly more pissed about going back to school . 
is bored . How can I bored while listening to Bohemian Rhapsody and my brother playing Fallout 3 , you ask ? I don't know !!! Queen + Shooting Radiation Poisoned Zombies = Super Fun ..... right !? 
I'm not particularly happy but I have hope .... I CAN'T WAIT FOR VACATION ! 
is back from vacation ! 
is super pissed . 
is going to bed . Good night ! 
I'm in Maine and hanging out with Steph , my bro and my cousin . Yay !!! 
knows more than she doesn't not know not of . 
is happy beacuase today she went to her cousin's gymnastics center and watched sexy gymnists do millions of crazy flips ... and their muscles ... Oh my god their muscles ... they could lift a fucking car if they felt the need but NO , they'd just do a b'jillion flips over the god damn car because that's what sexy gymnists do ..... * sigh * 
My Cuzzizzins are coming over tomorrow ! I-can-not-wait ! 
I JUST GOT MY NEW PHONE !!!!!!!!! I lost my phone but I just got the replacement . I can't use it yet but I'm super exited .... I missed my baby ! 
is sad that her brother is now back at college and she is alone ..... :( 
is going home tomorrow .... D : She's currently wondering if Kierie ever figured out why she has won the " Kate's Smartest Friend Award " . I am probably acting 
already is thinking about burning her textbooks , creating a fake ID and going to Vegas . 
loves Comedy Central !!! 
thinks school sucks . 
I still have a headache from hanging with NW , EEOW and Sasuke . 
I'm home ! Yay ??? 
doesn't understand her fucking science homework ..... 
can't wait until South Park at nine tonight . The Kanye West is a gayfish episode is on tonight !!!!!!!!! 
My frown matches my purse . 
is babysitting her cousins tomorrow which will be more difficult than babysitting her brother's cats . 
" Half man , half bear , half pig . ManBearPig ! " 
" Why have you forsaken me , in your eyes forsaken me , in your thoughts forsaken me , in your heart forsaken me . " ~ System Of A Down 
has a headache . 
needs to study .... ): 
I officiall am announcing ... I have no #@$&ing summer . I have been stripped of my summer and I am pissed . On a happier note .... I got my new phone and I still need some more people's phone numbers ... not saying any names ... D: 
can't wait to go to school ..... maybe I'll stay awake through first period tomorrow . 
is listening to Scale The Summit . 
" So how do you wait for heaven and who has that much time ? How do you keep your feet on the ground when you know , you were born to fly !? " 
Everything in my mind is unended , mostly because I'm too afraid to finish , but partially because It's a lot for one person to handle . I just made this all your fault . 
feels bad . She was at the highschool and a Fitchburg football player asked her where the bathroom was , but she thought he was from NMRHS so she just looked at him weird .... and didn't really answer him . So him and two other kids had to walk across our school to go to the bathroom when there was a bathroom 3 feet away . lol 
I have been watching Comedy Central non-stop for multiple weeks .... lots of funny shit ! 
wishes you were here ... 
is sick ... not just just mentally either . 
Happy B-Day James !!!! 
I keep having really weird dreams !!!! 
Do you ever feel like you're drifting backwards when you were so far ahead ? 
memorized her Spanish dialogue but doesn't think she'll pass her biology quiz tomorrow . 
learned that 4-H code of conduct says I'm not allowed to swear .... at all . FUCK YOU .... FREEDOM OF SPEECH BITCHES ! 
is not very happy ! :( 
can't seem to stay awake for more than 10 min . at a time . 
is not exited to wake up tomorrow . 
is banging her head up against the wall . 
Girl you got it so bad , when the only boy you know is your dad . Boy you got it so wrong , when you look into her eyes and all you really see is your mom . 
is going to shower ..... goodnight 
is chill'n . txt me ! 
doesn't want to go to school .... but who does . 
' s brother is coming home with his fiance and his fiance's parents .... fun .... >:( 
needs a girly song for her bros . wedding . This song is for when the bridesmaids enter the reception . I need something fun and girly . Any suggestions would be a major help . Thanks !!! 
decided not to watch T.V. 
got a new ipod nano .... :D 
is going to take a shower ..... yay for good hygein ! 
I'm going to post pics . of my outfit for tomorrow . Tell me what you think !!! 
isn't doing much , maybe play Sims until the good TV shows come on . 
watched the Pats game with her dad ... it was fun because they won and he's not swearing at the TV ! 
loves Psych ! 
is contemplating carving a pumpkin ! 
is feeling really sick to her stomach , it's that pain in the pit of your stomach when you're guilty or ashamed of something . I don't know what though , am I forgetting to do something ? 
is not feeling well ..... 
will post wedding pics soon !!! 
had tons of fun today ! Happy Halloween . 
is hanging out with family ! 
just ate a gingerbread man with frosting !!! 
loves the photobooth her bros . and cuz made . 
is not going to school tomorrow ... yay ! 
He was checking me out like a cash register , he had his hat on backwards like a gangster .... oops I dropped it ! 
is hungry ...... again/still . 
Voy una fiesta de mi tia . Ugh . A mi no megusta su casa porque , es sucia y mas abburido ! 
is sad ... 
Will you guys stop stabbing my cat .... no really it's bleeding everywhere . 
went to the dentist and got a teeth mold , tasted like rubber , looked like rubber .... was rubber . Yuck 
is chilling out . txt ! 
is watching Robot Chicken . 
needs to finish a Lab Report and memorize a spanish dialogue .... JUGO ! 
now feels like a bomb waiting to explode and shatter peoples ' skulls . 
is at Stephs .... we just wrestled over her keyboard because I keep sexually harassing her . 
is sad .... ): 
is going to bed then shoe shopping tomorrow ! 
knows that the Pericardium anchors and protects the heart . 
gets to see her brother tonight !!! 
is chill'n . Today was a good day . 
just finished her lab report and can't wait to sit down and watch Glee ! 
will post more wedding pics . later !!! 
is home .... 
is at Steph's .... she has nice tits ..... sigh 
says " HAPPY B-DAY MOMMY !!! " 
" Got no money and you got no car , then you got no woman and there you are " 
thinks she's babysitting her cousins tomorrow so for the love of all that is holy please txt her !!! 
is freaking out right now , like fo shizzle bitches .... lol 
is going to eat pizza and then do absolutly nothing for the rest of the evening . u can txt me but my phone might die . 
is going to bed and just so you know ..... I love you !!! <3 
My phone is charging so , lo siento si envia un mesaje .... I've been speaking to a spanish speaker for hours , it is exhasting . Expecially because I don't know this person and they don't speak english at all ! 
just finished writing an essay on heroin ..... I probably could have written two words and still gotten a 100 because ... well , it's Mr. Eaton and seems to like me . 
doesn't want to go to school ..... 
My jaw hurts ... 
is in the process of killing sims ..... 
is relaxing and playing pokemon .... my charmander just evolved into charzard ! 
finished her homework and is wondering what she should do until she goes to bed ... 
is hungry .... 
If you were stranded on a a desert island what type of sandwhich would you bring ? 
I'm not talking to my mom , so her friend who is the same age as her mother is over talking about quilting and now my mom is pissed because .... wait for this one , I didn't say hello TO HER FRIEND ! Why the fuck does it matter if I didn't say , " Hello Doris !!! " Really ? I think she's running out of reasons to be pissed at me . 
" Hello my friends " 
is watching Family Guy !!! 
I'm in such a bad mood ..... I kinda wanna punch someone . 
is in a bad mood , so no matter what you say ... it's going to piss me off . 
is in one of those moods . 
is sulking . 
just helped her mom clean the house and is now chill'n . 
" Mmmm whatcha say , Mmm that you only meant well ? well of course you did Mmmm whatcha say , Mmmm that it's all for the best ? of course it is " ~ Imogen Heap ( not Jason Derulo , although I like that song very much ) 
hates school .... 
is starving to death ... if I'm not in school tomorrow it's because my dad took to long to make me dinner .... why me god ... why me !? :D 
is chill'n with her bro watching SNL and listening to good music ! 
is going to bed . Goodnight ! <3 
is going to the benefit concert tonight . 
is sooo happy for vacation . Happy Holidays , Merry Christmas and any other saying to express that I want you to have joy during the upcoming events . 
is still defrosting . 
is watching Conan O'brien! 
Jamm'n out to Silversun Pickups .... you should listen to their song " Panic Switch " it's awesome ! :p 
got in a huge fight with her parents , I think my mom is so pissed because there isn't much of a punishment for me sleeping .... she tried to ground me for sleeping .... so I slept . Fuck her , I'm tired . 
adios amigos ! 
I fell asleep at six thirty in the morning yet I feel more awake than ever ..... I only slept for four hours . lol 
should be doing science homework but she really doesn't like Ms. Shopiro ..... 
is hangin ' with her cousins , fo shizzle holmes ! 
I'm sad thinking about having to go back to school but I'm kinda exited too because I'm sooo bored without having people to hang out with !!! 
Today seemed too short . Babysitting went fine although I wouldn't have survived if Andrew wasn't txting me the whole time . I now have $120 in my name !!!! 
I just bought the dress I'm going to wear in my brother's wedding ! It's pretty , I'll post a pic . soon . 
just got home from her cousin's baby's first birthday ! 
went bowling with Kevin Baconderas , Emelio Estefan and various characters from Ninja Turtles last night ! 
is watching a documentary on Metallica and the science of music .... 
Black 
is soooo happy , she went on her bro's computer and put some good music on her ipod . :D 
is apparently very conductive . Everytime I touch something I get shocked . The thing is it should be just a little shock but it's not . It is soooo bad . I feel it in all my fingers and toes and it hurts so bad I laugh and cry at the same time . 
' s phone is being tempermental so can't txt .... sorry . 
FUNNIEST THING EVER : MSN has an article on why people's statuses are colors ..... really MSN .... really ? Hahah , made my day . 
is home ! 
is leaving tomorrow for vacation ! 
still needs to try to memorize some spanish .... wish her luck ! 
Can't remember any of her Spanish Dialogue and it's really pissing her off . 
Oh man today had some serious problems .... :( 
just bleached her hair . 
needs to study for science and memorize a spanish dialogue ... not going so well . 
is so super hungry ! 
So yesterday I threw a tenis ball and it hit a light switch , turned on the light then bounced back and pegged my mom in the face ..... proudest moment of my life . 
wishes something interesting or exiting would happen , not just the everyday routine . 
" I'm gonna take you out tonight , I'm gonna make you feel alright . I don't have a lot of money but we'll be fine , no I don't have a penny but I'll show you a real good time ! " 
is sooo tired . Came home and slept until 6 . -.- 
<3 I want to stab someone in the eye . <3 
needs to do homework ... 
God hates gays ? Well the devil will take anyone .... so I like him more . 
Sweep the leg Johnny 
" Hello police department , I'd like to file a report . I just had my life threatened ... and my mother's sexual decency brought into question . " lol 
has finally finished her homework quick enough to have time to go on FaceBook . 
is so happy that it is Friday !!! 
is going to do her whole English essay tonight . 
feels the impending doom . 
is going to her bros . house for the superbowl . 
is eating skittles . 
is drinking pure sugar . :D 
can't remember how to do her math homework . > : l 
has been watching the Olympics non-stop since the Opening Ceremony . YOU'RE AMAZING APOLO OHNO !!! 
finished her five paragraph essay . Now she needs to start the box project and the essay that goes with the box project . :'( 
needs to do that stupid essay . >:( 
is drinking granulated sugar !!! :D 
Did anyone see the opening to the Winter Olympics last night ? I had no idea that Canadians knew how to fly ! 
was actually going to do her essay but she forgot the paper that says what to do . -.- 
has the urge to push someone off of a cliff . She's 1/16 mountain goat which also explains why she eats so much . As you know mountain goats or Oreamnos Americanus , have multiple stomachs and are known for their violent behavior . Mountain goats which are actually in the antelope family , are known to take smaller goats and throw them off the sides of the mountains . That's what I call a good time ! 
I find it hard to believe NOBODY is online at 4:28 am . >:/ Stop hiding from me , world ! 
I haven't slept for 26 hours ! I almost passed out at the mall today . :/ 
I love when people say that they think I'm a bitch . If they knew me well enough to make that accusation they would KNOW I'm a bitch . :D 
is feeling really stupid . 
Everynight I go on Facebook and wonder why no one is online then I remember its 2 in the morning . -.- I haven't gone to sleep before 4am all week . :) The way it should be ! 
has homework .... :'( 
has been in a pretty bad modd since last night , will post more wedding pics . later ! 
is pissed . >:( I can't believe I slept through my whole snow day ! 
is so sick of school . -.- 
This water tastes like blood . 
RANGER has been cured !!!! I <3 Music ! 
is super pissed . I can't believe they disqualified Apolo Ohno .... I mean seriously you stupid fucking Canadians !? Hang up your skates and go back to drinking your maple syrup . :( 
is fading fast . 
I need to find something that I'm really good at ... 
is mourning the paralyzation of her baby , RANGER . 
Ok , I'm sorry if I call you kid ... it just means that I think you are inferior to me ..... that's not my fault ! 
Family is over ! 
skipped school . Can't wait until my mom finds out ! :p 
I'm so happy , all my favorite athletes have been winning except Vito :( !!! 
is chill'n with Steph ! 
is writing a poem on Love , I think I might puke .... :p 
My mom took my ipod and I'm not allowed to text at the house . So I will be on facebook so I can chat here ! CHAT ME !.... That doesn't sound as good as txt me , but oh well . 
loves the weekends !!! 
is hanging out with her little cousin . 
is chill'n out with her brother , watching South Park . Txt me !!! 
is chatt'n with some super cool people , but other than that super bored . 
can't wait until Jesse brings her the RAM . Hope it improves !!! 
is going to eat some food . 
is just here . 
" Time is never worth my time " 
spent hours on end putting every CD in the house onto her mom's computer . 
just slammed her arm into her computer desk and now has perfect circle bruise . It hurts like a bitch . 
wants to sleep forever . 
Still can't get the Spanish dialogue to stick in her brain . Tomorrow is going to be rough . 
is going to play the Sims 3 because ........ THAT'S HOW SHE ROLLS , BITCHES ! 
Watched Demetri Martin marathon all day . XD 
I need help with my project . TELL ME WHAT YOU THINK OF ME on my honesty box . I need to know for my English project . Thanks ! 
doesn't want to sleep because she's not tired . 
I <3 Sleeping ! 
" Just take a look , it's in a book . Reading rainbow ! " 
A Cancer patient only has one wish : to kick cancer's ass . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is fighting cancer , post this for at least one hour 
" The joke's on you Gold Face , That man was a wanted animal rapist ! " 
It would be nice if there was a button you could press for a melee attack , but NO . Mass Effect makes you get real close to a person and press the fire button . My problem is that this technique is finicky ... so I end up shooting people in the face when I'm trying to knock them out . >:( Fucking colonists ! 
Just signed up for the SATs on March 12th . I'm taking it at Fitchburg Highschool . 
" I've got places to go , people to see . Now you're fucking with a bitch like me . " 
Stephanie Gonnella rocks my world . ;) 
I might have just spent 1 and a half hours on failbook.org . :| 
Dear American Idol , 
Why do you take 2 hours to say something that should take 25 minutes ? 
Sincerely , Shut up Ryan ! 
Hey everyone please watch " Undrendered " on my page or on YouTube ( posted by campusmoviefest ) . Watching this video will help them win the contest ! Thanks for all your views !!! 
SATs this weekend with Emma Collins and Casey Libonate ! It's gonna be a party !!!.... well actually It's going to be a very long test . :/ 
I got an Ernest Hemingway book from the library today . lol 
SATs tomorrow morning . Yay ! 
Playing Psychonauts ! It's hilariously fun . 
" And to those who died , please try to understand . That for those who died , we tried the best we can . " - The Dear Hunter 
My Mom is in this research study about stress and I'm getting paid for it ... yes ! 
School is killing me . 
I found my Kryptonite ... writing plays . 
Thanks Stephanie Gonnella for throwing an awesome party !!! 
Taking tomorrow off to take care of my Mom . 
Blueberry . 
Got kicked out of my bed ! Don't know where I'm going to sleep tonight . Maybe I'll work on the street corners and sleep in someone else's bed . 
Oh sheesh y'all! Twas a dream ! 
We have no kitchen in our house .... I'm sick of eating microwavable mac & cheese . :( 
" Show them all you're not the ordinary type " 
London Trip meeting tomorrow after school and then to Rm . 70 to watch a movie ! 
Thank God for no school I just got out of a lot of bullshitting on why I didn't do any of my homework ! 
Going to see Suckerpunch with Jesse today !!! 
If you haven't seen Sucker Punch yet , I urge you to see it while it is still in theaters . Awesome soundtrack , awesome graphics , awesome fight scenes , awesome movie . 
I wish I could sing really well , I'm super jealous of people with that talent . 
Facebooking at school . What a badass ! 
Gonna get my hair cut short and dye it platinum blonde with dark red underneath this weekend ! I'm super exited ! I was going to get my nose pierced too but my mom is worried that it will get infected while I'm in Spain so I have to wait until after the trip . :D 
Getting my hair done tomorrow . They are worried about doing my hair a lighter blonde since I will need to bleach it .... which could make my hair fall out . Let's hope that doesn't happen ! 
Dyed my hair . I look crazy !!! I love it . I'm not gonna post pictures yet though ... I want you to be surprised when you see me in school . 
Going to Spain in a few days !!! My suitcase is big but I'm not going to fill it up too much so I hope it wont weigh a ton . 
I need to pack , do my homework and wash some dishes .... so I'm going to go take a nap instead ! 
Got my visa card for Spain !!! Now I need to finish packing . 
will be in Spain for the next week or so !!! 
Can't wait to sleep in a comfy bed rather than a floor , desk , bus , plane or bench in an airport ! :) 
I know why I liked Spain so much , because it's not home . 
Can't wait for Mass Effect 3 to come out ! I still need to beat Mass Effect 2 though . 
I love the fact that , since Spain Trip every time I come on facebook I have at least 30 notifications . :) 
So my Mom gave me medicine and waited for me to drink it and then said " I hope you don't have any homework because you'll be passed out within the next 30 minutes " . ... I wish I got a nickle for every time I heard something along those lines ! 
Playing Portal ! I have to beat it before I purchase Portal 2 . 
Made Stephanie Gonnella play and beat Portal all in one day ! I think she is scarred for life . 
" I'll do anything for you 
This story is for you 
(' Cause I'd do anything you want me to for you ) 
I'll do anything for you 
Kill anyone for you 
So leave yourself intact 
' Cause I won't be coming back 
In a phrase to cut these lips 
I loved you " -Coheed & Cambria 
My mom went away for the weekend with her friends . So predictably , she has two new tattoos . Another gecko on her shoulder and a seahorse covering up the S tattoo she has in between her thumb and index finger . I like the gecko one , it is very colorful . Plus I think she was approving of my tattoo idea ... although I will probably still have to wait to be 18 to get it . 
Scorpio : 
You'll score a bunch of great stereo equipment and furniture from your neighbors , who happen to die when you go into their house and stab them and take all their things . 
-The Onion 
Going to the mall with Jesse ! 
I ate my first Taco Bell taco today !!! I was surprised how good rat meat is ! Hahaha jk ( It was pretty yummy though . ) 
I have an AP exam tomorrow . Wish me luck ... although even fucking a leprechaun couldn't give me enough luck to get a good score on this test . 
AP BIOLOGY IS OVER !!! Now I can actually study for my other classes . 
is drinking a can of Pepsi ! <3 
Hey , My Relay For Life team has a 50's theme . So here is my question : Grease was made in the 70's but the setting was in the 50's . So would it make sense if I dressed up in something Grease related ? Just wondering ... still not sure if I'm going to dress up anyways . 
Relay tonight !!! I'm getting there around 6pm , maybe a little later . 
Slept all day ! I think I went 36 hours with out a meal or any protein and then 24 hours with no sleep !!! When I got home I slept for about 13 hours . :) 
Went to a baby shower . Babies are sooo cute ! 
College Fair tomorrow ! I can't wait . 
Homework , Mass Effect 2 , bed and school in the morning . :/ 
Me duele la espalda . :( 
" To the heart and mind ignorance is kind 
There's no comfort in the truth , pain is that all you'll find 
I'm never gonna dance again 
Guilty feet have got no rhythm 
Though it's easy to pretend 
I know you're not a fool " -Wham ! ( George Michaels ) 
Chilling with Stephanie Gonnella and Meaghan Turcotte tonight ! 
I <3 my Grandma ! :) 
just watched Tangled with her Mom . 
" I am Chuck fucking Norris . I spread more blood and gore than forty score of your puny civil wars , bitch ! " - " Chuck Norris " 
The newest The Sims 3 expansion pack comes out the 31st . I'm soooo exited !!! 
" But there's no sense crying over every mistake , you just keep on trying till you run out of cake " -GLaDOS from Portal 
Thank you to all of the brave men and woman who fought to keep our country safe . <3 
Watching The Other Guys with Jesse . 
Going to buy The Sims 3 Generations !!!! 
Facebooking in school . I'm a total badass ! >:D 
is a sad panda . :( 
Too much homework and I slept through Chinese food for dinner . 
They have officially confirmed The Sims 3 Pets expansion pack . 
And it has horses !!! :) <3 
" Guess what ? I got a fever ! And the only prescription .. is more cowbell ! " 
... I actually do have a fever ( of 100.5 ) but unfortunately I think it'll take more than cowbell to make it go away . :( 
Watching E3 Expo live . :) <3 
I wish I could be there , I want to attend at least one E3 before I die . 
I'm going to curl up in my makeshift bed and read " The Importance of Learning Foreign Languages in a Changing Society " . :) 
Final projects :( 
Finished my ASL III final project . Now I need to finish memorizing my El Lazarillo lines and I need to do my English final . :) Schools almost over !!! 
I really need to do my English final ... 
Robot dancing to dubstep music with my brother ! :) Hahaha 
Sometimes I wish I could take more time to be worry-free . Forget everything ... just for a little while . 
I can't wait for summer . <3 
Installing American McGee's Alice right now !!! :D 
I wish I was in Wonderland . 
I'm not going to school tomorrow or Tuesday . Monday will be my last day ! 
I'm taking AP Euro History next year and the Summer reading assignment is the exact same as it was four years ago when my brother took the class . So , not only do I have the books ... but I have his essays . I'm not going to use his essays or anything but I was thinking I could read them if I don't finish the books in time ! :) 
Going to my cousin's graduation tomorrow ! 
Graduation party at my house today and father's day party at my house tomorrow . So ... guess I'm not studying for Spanish ? :) 
I <3 My Dad ! 
Happy Father's Day ! 
Spanish final tomorrow and then done with school until next year . 
Good bye life as a junior and hello senior year !!! 
Going to Barnes & Noble and then Taco Bell with Jesse ! 
Today was a terrible day . I really hope tomorrow is better ! 
Jamming out to the Sonic Soundtrack . This shit is awesome !!!! :D 
Stephanie Gonnella hanging out with me tomorrow ? I certainly hope so !!! ;) 
I hate when you find out something you don't want to know . 
Went to bed at 5am this morning cuz I was busy writing the last chapter to the book me and Stephanie Gonnella wrote . 
I <3 DV ! 
" Wow , I dont like learning things that ? make me sad . " -Jake 
My Grandma is on a lot of pain medications right now ... almost nothing she says makes sense . It's hilarious . 
She made me stand in the bathroom for twenty minutes so she could tell me and my Aunt ( on speaker phone ) how to properly use a pad . Hahaha Crazy maw-maw ! 
Just ate a plate-full of bacon . :) 
Can't wait for this year's Action Film Challenge !!!!! 
I hate having to stay awake for 10 hours while babysitting . Can't I just put them on a runner like dogs ? 
Being clean is the best feeling ever . I <3 long showers ! :) 
Got my hair recolored ! The red is a lot darker this time . I'll post pictures at some point . 
Worked on the Action Film Challenge all day and then fireworks with the crew ! :) 
Checked out our film site for the Action Film Challenge . Those bunkers are sooo cool . They are huge and the echo is super creepy . Not to mention when you open them freezing air wafts out ... being shut inside one was the creepiest experience I have ever had . 
" You're going home with me tonight . Let me hold you , Girl caress my body . You got me going crazy , You turn me on , turn me on . " -Kevin Lyttle ;) 
" Hold your head high heavy heart . 

So take a chance and make it big , 
Cause it's the last you'll ever get . 
If we don't take it , when will we make it ? 
I make plans to break plans , 
And I've been planning something big , planning something big , planning " 
So much homework !!! 
Magnets , How do they work ? 
I have sooo much to do this week . Thank god the sims ep comes out tomorrow , Thursday is my birthday and I'm going to DC on the weekend . Otherwise .... bullet through the brain ! 
I hope you go to heaven so I'm not stuck with you in hell for all of eternity ! 
Posted pictures . Going to bed now . Work tomorrow . 
is feeling better ! 
is going to work soon . I'm really , really tired . 
just ran up a down escalator at the Metro ! 
is super tired but doesn't want to sleep because she is bored . 
Something's wrong with my RAM . :'( 
" When the rich wage war , It's the poor who die " 
Amnesia is a scary game . I've never played it but when Jesse plays he turns off the lights and puts his headphones on .... which makes the room reeeaaally dark and eerily quiet . I'm pretty sure sitting in the room NOT playing the game is way scarier than actually playing the game !!! lol 
Fallout 3 just glitched on me . I was trying to take a boat ride on an invisible ferry that was built up of big red triangles with exclamation points . I finally swam to where the bed was ( lol ) and clicked on it but then the game crashed . 
is watching Napoleon Dynamite . 
My dad was just dancing like the groundhog from Caddyshack to Britney Spear's song Toxic . lol 
" Everybody to the limit ! Everbody come on fhqwhgads ! " 
is trying to catch up on all the stupid homework she missed . 
" BARK BARK BARK BARK ! " " SHUT UP !!! " 
-silence- " BARK BARK BARK " " GOD DAMN IT SHUT THE HELL UP !!!!! " 
~ Excerpt from my life 
I hate decisions . 
I can't wait for the newest Sims 3 EP ! :D 
I have school tomorrow . >:( 
My eyes hurt from looking at my computer screen all day and all night .... but this is an addiction . Fallout 3 .... I can't give you up , not even for a second . 
almost finished all of her makeup work . Never did that math homework though ... damn it . 
I'm hopelessly overprotected . 
Stop trying to sound poetic . I don't care about your feelings no matter how well they would look in a cursive font in front of a picture of a forest at dawn . 
is loving the warm weather ! 
Listening to Coheed and Cambria with my brother . :D 
So today , my parents randomly bought me a new computer . I think its because they don't want to buy me a class ring . :D I'm fine with that ! 
School is ova !!!! 
I won't let you bury it . I won't let you smother it . I won't let you murder it . And our time is running out , our time is running out . You can't push it underground , can't stop it screaming out . How did it come to this ? 
Can't wait to start babysitting my cousins ! 
just got a pet bird . His name is Felix . He's a blue and white parakeet . 
Some people get easily upset , some people pretend not to care , some people laugh really loud just so other people think they're happy , some people say " I love you " to all their friends at the end of every sentence , some people think they have all the answers . Personally , I wish I didn't have to hear it . 
clenched her jaw so hard her whole mouth is bleeding . -_- Why me !? 
has to watch Wall-E before bed so she can do her ASL II test . 
is babysitting . 
" There are no secrets you can hide from yourself , in your mind . Leave the worst of all behind . " -Coheed & Cambria 
is happy that MCAS came around and changed stuff up alittle . 
feels weird . Hard to describe emotion .... -.- 
I need to remember to switch out of Yoga today . 
" It's not conceited if it's true ! " 
Pepsi will be arriving within the hour !!!!!!! 
* Sigh * 
" Get me two pairs , I need two pairs . So , I can get to stomping in my air force ones ! " -Nelly ;) 
" You created me mom , so I guess you're to blame 
For the love that I feel just by hearing your name 
You're as tender as cornbeef 
And as warm as pastrami 
I love my mommy ! " 
-Bender ( Futurama ) 
is home sick . I still have tons to do though !!! 
Pepsi withdrawals suck !!!!!!! 
The Family is over !!!!!! 
had to jog to her hair appointment yesterday with her brother ..... legs still hurt a little . I'm not cut out for this exercise shit . 
It's so hot that I might go to hell to cool off . 
is super happy her brother and cousin stopped by ! 
I <3 AFI 
I can't help but notice all the people who are so emotionally needy that they fall in love in a matter of days . Not that it's a bad thing .... just an observation . 
It's ridiculous how many times I say " Hey Jim , Shut up ! " in one day . 
( Jim is my dad by the way ) 
is doing nothing . 
Super sad that Mr. Fleming isn't my history teacher . :'( 
God it makes me sick !!!! 
For a narcissicist I hate myself a lot . 
Chilln ' with my homie , Steph . WORD TO YO MOTHERRRR !!! 
It's Friday !!!! 
" Kiss my eyes and lay me to sleep " 
Stephanie Gonnella will be over soon !!!! 
" Too legit , too legit to quit ! " -MC Hammer <3 
" Keep your feet on the ground ... when your head's in the clouds . " 
needs more time in each day . I need to sleep for at least 12-14 hours plus 6 hours of school . That only leaves 4-6 hours to eat , shower , do homework and play the sims . 
I was feeling better before I came on facebook . But like normal , people ruined my day . :/ 
Cuzzizins came over last night . I love them !!!! 
Then I started to play one of my top three favorite games . I'm going to beat all three of the series and then buy PS3 so I can play the fourth ! Too bad all my money is going towards my trip to Paris & London next year . ._. 
" I see you winding and grinding up on that pole , I know you see me looking at you and you already know . I want to fuck you . " -Akon ( and friends ) 
is up to no good . >:D 
Jesse drove me home today seeing as he borrowed $1000 from me to buy that car . 
is so happy her brother is home . He's putting all of his high graphics games on my computer . Does anyone know if Crysis is a good game ? He's installing it on my computer . 
is wearing her new necklace that her Mommy bought her ! 
can't belive she missed Last Comic Standing . Next up : Crying myself to sleep . :'( 
" I will break into your thoughts with what's written on my heart . " 
Fuck you Mr. Mountain . Way to ruin my life . >:( 
is so happy there is no school manana ! 
" Well go get your shovel and we'll dig a deep hole to bury the castle , bury the castle ! " 
" I fed a fish to a pelican at Frisco bay 
It tried to eat my cell 
phone , he ran away " - ICP 
hahahahaha . Seriously ICP !?.... 
... Oops I dropped it ! 
This sucks . 
went to Chris ' football game . They won 33 to 6 ! I am a tad bit sad that I missed NM's first ( and very possibly last ) touchdown of the year though . 
When your sitting at home listening to the Lizzie McGuire Movie Soundtrack you know your life sucks .... 
I wish that when I tell myself I don't care , I believe it . 
wishes she was alone . 
' s computer , ALEJANDRO is currently freaking out and having a psychotic breakdown . 
Some things I'll never know and I had to let them go , I'm sitting all alone feeling empty . 
I told you , Can't Touch This ! 
My day went down the drain . :/ 
is learning math from her brother . 
I wake up feeling tired . 
At first I didn't want to hate you but now I know I can't help it . The people I know the best , I hate the most . 
My alone time is running low . :( 
I wish I had something more climatic to say other than go fuck yourself . 
You'll never meet anyone quite like me ! 
has to do ALL of her homework today because she played Fallout 3 instead yesterday . 
The pac man on Google is so addicting , I've been playing it for an hour ! 
is sad that vacation is almost over . Leaving that stupid fucking math packet for the last day . FUCK YOU MR . MYNNTININININENENENEN ! 
can't wait for the Summer ! 
Leaving for D.C. soon ! 
PEOPLE : Please remind me to wear my costume on Monday . You know I like the attention ! ;) 
saw The A-Team with Stephanie Gonnella . Love it !!!!! 
" Go make your move girl , I'm not coming home " 
I'm freezing ! >:( 
is waiting for Summer to come . 
just woke up from a 15 hour nap . aka I went to bed at 5pm yesterday . -_- 
I refuse to read your status . It always puts me in a bad mood . 
" Rob the jewelry store and tell them , make me some grillz . " 
just watched Zathura . 
Fucking magnets , how do they work !? XD 
I am way too tired . It's only 1am but it feels like 3am . Ugh . 
Now my homework will say 2011 , so my teacher will know I left my homework until the last two days of vacation . 
My brother is at a Coheed and Cambria concert tonight . I'm not at a Coheed and Cambria concert tonight . :'( 
is using the Create a World Tool . So much patience is needed . * Sigh * 
will never share a bus seat with anyone EVER AGAIN !!!!! 
is working on her English paper . 
is re-doing a giant math packet that she failed . :/ 
Hey y'all! My new email is AnimosityKate@gmail.com 
I love you Lee !!!!!!! 
Drinking P ? psi . Heaven on earth . 
Second period : Teacher freaks out because of drunk kid in class . Welcome to NM !!! 
went to the Acoustic Concert at NM . People are way too talented ... It makes me jealous . 
Is going to change over the summer so Junior Year will be awesome . 
Don't forget to take a moment of silence for the victims and those who lost someone they loved on 9-11 <3 
should not feel so awake this early ! 
Sometimes I feel sad looking at people's photos on facebook . They look so happy , their lives seem perfect , I get jealous . Then I play a first person shooter and get my god complex back . DIE MOTHERFUCKERS !!!! 
I <3 Half Days ! 
Happy Thanksgiving ! I'm thankful for Pepsi , Fallout 3 , The Sims , Comedians and music !!! 
Today my mom tried to make me say " I like people " just because she hasn't heard me say it in a really long time . Made me laugh . 
Bioshock 2 : The most confuzing plotline to understand when being described by a 20 year old boy who mumbles and is annoyed that you wont shut up and leave him alone because everytime he answers an " unimportant " question he gets headbutted by a Bouncer guy and dies . 
Hey Emily Francis , Rachel Pinney and Joe Recco ! Can one of you guys send me the Tour number for the Spain trip . I can't find my packet and I still haven't signed up online . 0_o 
If I could tell you how much I wish I never met you , I would . But you're not even worth the time to figure out how to say it . 
" Take chances , make mistakes . That's how you grow . 
Pain nourishes your courage . You have to fail in order to practice being 
brave . " -Mary Tyler Moore 
School tomorrow . :P 
" Bret you got it going on that's the conclusion that I've come to but that doesn't mean that I want to bum you . " -Jermaine to Bret 
Can y'all do me a favor ? Go to my page and send me stuff to build a barn in Happy Pets . I need 80 supplies and I have 2 . It would be greatly appreciated !!!! 
School . :( 
Drive'n in my cousin's 1972 Skylark goin ' to a drive in movie . Windows down , music blasting ...... this is the life . 
My math teacher insinuated that my class was stupid . He said we have the memory of goldfish . lol 
Jesse is home ! :) <3 
Have you ever been in a situation where you don't know if you should be happy , sad , relieved , dissapointed or pissed off , so you feel them all at once . It makes me feel sick . 
People confuze and anger me . I don't know why I bother . 
Nap ? Yes please ! 
" My name is Draco Malfoy , I am ... a racist , i despise gingers , and 
mudbloods , i hate Gryffindor , and my parents work for the man who killed 
your parents , do you want to be my friend ? " - A Very Potter Sequel 
lol Thanks Stephanie Gonnella . 
I don't want to talk about it . 
is considering selling her body on the street for a six pack of Pepsi . 
All I wanted was at least and 80% on our moderately easy Mastering Bio . What grade did I get .... a fucking 79.8 !!! FUCK YOU FUCKING ASSHOLES !!! FFFUUUUCCCCCKKKK ! 
" Your beard is good . " -Flight of the Conchords 
Leaving for vacation on Thursday . Maybe , baby , I will meet you there . <3 
Thank you to everyone who has fought for the land of the free and the home of the brave ! 
Feliz Dia Del Padres !!!! 
So many people at my house , tons of fun . PAAARTY !!!! 
" Remember , Vandalism is a serious crime " -Bioshock 2 
" I thought you said forever , over and over . " -Anberlin 
loves the group " I hate it when I hang out with MC Hammer & he doesn't let me touch anything . " 
is currently down for scheduled maintenance . ;) 
10 page research paper due tomorrow . I am on page 1 paragraph 3 . FML 
Smile like you mean it ! (: 
" But I don't want to sleep without so I bid to you goodnight Tonight , sleep tight , my gun " -Coheed and Cambria 
loved Justin Beiber's attempt at deflecting that water bottle . Hahahahaha Poor kid . 
I love Arrested Development ! I've been watching it non-stop all week . :D 
Kept having weird dreams but I don't remember them now . :/ 
" Oh , it's Mrs. Hoyt now . I married some guy from Venezuela so he could get 
his green card . I'm gonna have an anchor baby for his brother now . " -Quote from conversation with Jacob Roth and Joe Recco . 
I was taking a nap and my mom woke me up to tell me to do chores . I went back to sleep . She sat on my bed poking me and telling me to get up for approximately 15 minutes . I got annoyed ran into her room ( Which has a lock , unlike mine ) and locked myself in . THE PSYCHO BITCH UNSCREWED THE DOORKNOB !!! Who does that !? hahahahaha 
I <3 Nelly ! 
" No ..... No ...... No No ! " -Bioshock 
It is Thursday . I took a shower and came immediatly to Alejandro's side bringing RANGER with me . :) 
" Here , sleep at the bottom of hell . Your time has come to pick the road you walk in this tale . " -Coheed and Cambria 
I <3 E3 ! 
Saw Inception ! Wicked good movie . I LOVED IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
" Run baby run , don't ever look back . They'll tear us apart if you give them the chance ! " 
" But sometimes that IS what I'm talk'n ' bout ! " -Turk 
These people need to get the fuck out of my house . <3 
Dougie = Stupidest dance move I've ever seen in my life 
Kiddies are over . They are making me watch Wallace and Gromit , which is only interesting the first time you watch it . 
watched the meteor shower while Hannah talked about digging a hole all the way through the Earth and then falling from the sky in China . 
Thanks for all the happy birthdays !!! 
( Especially the ones from the people I have never talked to before ) jk ;) lol 
Happy Birthday Jesse !!!! 
Dear Summer ... why do you mess with my head ? 
" In the water , penguins in Nevada " " In Upendi ..... In your panties . " :) 
-Me and Emily Rezzarday 
hates her fucking dog who will not shut the fuck up so now she has to go upstairs instead of chill'n downstairs watching South Park and playing Fallout 3 . >:( 
What is the point of putting a number in front of the status if the person is just going to like it and reply anyways ? I don't think people exactly get the concept . :) 
is chill'n with her bro . 
is home from Florida . 
Get to relax a bit today . Tomorrow I'm babysitting my cousins at MY house . That should be interesting ..... 
You know what NMRHS .... I WILL NOT TAKE YOGA !!! Every year you try , but I will never take that class ! 
I'm tired 40% of the day .... and sleeping for the other 60% . :) 
" These girls are so cute " .... later .... " Victoria why is that girl naked ? " " I'm working on her . " " You're working on her naked ? " -Victoria and Emily Rezzarday 
Hahaha super awkward if you don't know what's going on in this conversation . lol :D 
Yo necessito trabajar manana . ! Estoy muy consada pero yo no quiero dormir ! 
Stephanie Gonnella is here . :D I'M SO HAPPY ! 
Watching Hercules with the kiddos . 
" When you see yourself in a crowded room do your fingers itch are you pistol whipped ? " 
<3 I'm so in love with myself . <3 
I never want to sleep again . I just want to walk until I collapse on the ground and disintegrate . Like Mufasa said , It's the circle of life . lol 
I <3 You Stephanie Gonnella ! 
How come my nightmares are about my Grandmother ? It makes me feel terrible about myself when I wake up ... I don't hate you grandma .... as long as you don't have tentacles and a chainsaw . 
Bored . Just watched the last movie Heath Ledger ever made . Bizzar movie ..... quite weird . 
Go fuck yourself . 
is in Florida !!!!!!!!! 
Way too much shit due Tuesday ! 
I am showing Stephanie Gonnella how to tag people in your status . :D 
How do I tell James that I don't want to go to Six Flags with him and his wife because they treat me like I'm 5 years old . I mean seriously ..... don't NOT watch something because I'm in the room because here's the big shocker : I'VE ALREADY SEEN IT !!! 
Don't worry , I'm not that mean . I just enjoy making people feel intimidated and inferior to me . 
needs to quickly do ALL the homework she was assigned for the long weekend . lol 
I'm soooo hungry . There's is nothing to eat here . I might buy some birds later though ..... not to eat .... for pets . 
is not looking forward to having to find a place to sit at lunch on the first day of school . 
I <3 Psych ! 
I <3 P ? psi !!! 
I swear to God , The Sims 3 is trying to make me commit suicide ! -_- 
It's Peanutbutter Jelly Time ! 
“It's 
no good trying to keep up old friendships . It's painful for both sides . 
The fact is , one grows out of people , and the only thing is to face it . ” -William Somerset Maugham 
Relieved to have half day tomorrow . Came home from school today slept until 10pm . lol 
went to school today for a little while . Switched from Yoga to Digital Imaging . It was either that or Astroscience . :/ 
One day ... so much pain . At least it was physical pain , right !? 
Pissed off 
Spin me faster like a kaleidoscope 
In Rivet City !!! 
my dog just ran down the stairs and headbutted the door . Now she's stuck down here . FML 
Now I'm feeling so fly like a G6 . 
Dear Freshmen , WELCOME TO HELL ! Enjoy your stay ! 
Went out for lunch with my cousin . Talked and ate pizza . :) 
is sooooooooo bored . 
Hoping to hang with Stephanie Gonnella at some point . Will call her tomorrow ! Hint hint . :) 
All of my cuzzizins are com'n ova !!!!!! :D 
I hate feeling like I am running out of time . School hasn't started yet and I'm already behind on homework . :/ 
Me duele los brazos . No se porque . 
Ate chocolate cake , watched Dr. Who , was too scared to fight three ghouls in Fallout 3 , trying to think of something to do . 
is alone for the first time in three days . 
My Grandma's gonna be living at my house starting tomorrow . 
My cuzzizins came over today !!! :D 
At Six Flags with my brother ! 
" Bret you got it going on 
Not in a gay way 
Just in a hey man 
I wanted to say that you're looking ok man " 
I lost the game ! 
No Hannah , I will not friend you . You are 10 years old . 
saw Vampires Suck with Stephanie Gonnella . :D 
is playing The Sims . Surprised ? I didn't think so . 
I CAN'T WAIT FOR CHRISTMAS ! 
every time my stomach growls I cough uncontrollably . 
AP Bio test tomorrow .... freak'n out a little bit ! 
Why do colleges have to have religious affiliations ? It makes college searches so much more difficult ! 
is listening to Sonic mash-ups with her brother at 2am . All is right in this world . Gotta love the soundtrack to the winter level . If I die listening to the sonic soundtrack .... I would die happy . lol 
Looking at colleges . 
" I see you winding and grinding up on that pole , I know you see me looking at you and you already know I wanna fuck you " -Akon 
I guess the change in my pocket wasn't enough , Fuck you . 
read the U.S. Constitution while listening to Auto-Tune The News . Good day ! 
" The aim of the wise is not to secure pleasure , but to avoid pain . " 
-Aristotle 
is hoping to go to the Keeping Fear Alive rally and Restoring Sanity rally on the 30th . 
" TAKE IT DOWN A NOTCH .... FOR AMERICA " !!!! 
My parents are going on a little date thing for Valentines Day . Gross . Hahaha 
I lost the game . Sorry Stephanie Gonnella ! 
Happy New Year !!! 
" Rock got no reason , rock got no rhyme ! " 
is loaning $1000 to her brother so he can buy a car . Best little sister ever , right !? 
" Do you like fish sticks ? " 
I just watched Jersey Shore for five minutes . The whole five minutes was a brawl . lol 
is going to school tomorrow to change my schedule . The new guy who is my councilor is going to " show me where my classes are " although I don't think that makes since , seeing as this is my third year there and this is his first . lol 
I have math homework , history homework and a book report due tomorrow ! >:( Did I mention that I have only read half of the book for the book report !? 
is running out of summer . :'( 
PSATs earlier ... food now . 
The Wicked Witch of the West must have smelt terrible . She can't shower cuz she melts in water ! 
School computers suck ! 
Wearing my costume to school tomorrow . Fishnets and all ! ;) 
So I guess I'm NOT going to my cousin's football game because my mom decided she doesn't want to go . >:/ WTF 
is drinking a can of Pepsi !!! 
sleeps three hours on the weekdays and 15 on the weekends . -_- 
" I'm backing up , backing up , backing up , backing up . Cuz my daddy taught me good . I'm backing up , backing up , backing up , backing up . Like oh my god , oh my god " 
No homework due tomorrow !!!!!! 
When something is printed out of my printer it lands right into the trash can . I think it's a sign that my homework is shit . 
I smell like oreos . 
Feeling lightheaded . Going to bed ! 
Need to do my homework . I have tons of it ! 
Sick today . :/ 
Thank you to all of those who have served our country and made the U.S. the land of the free and home of the brave ! 
Seriously studied my ass off today . From when I got home until now . If I don't pass this AP Bio test .... hide your puppies because I will be punting them . 
just watched Beetlejuice . Great movie ! 
The weekend went by too quickly . 
is signed up for Spain Trip . FRIO FRIJOLES !!! 
I'm one of the many teens who have participated in Trampolining ... I have two silly bands so far . hahahaha XD 
is waking up at 5am tomorrow to sell stuff at the Hollis Flea Market . 
Flu shot today . No way in fucking hell ! You can drag me there ... if I don't know what's in it , your not injecting it into my body . 
Harry Potter with my family tonight ! 
I <3 Shy Ronnie !!!! 
Don't blink and don't look away ! aka I'm screwed ! See you in the 1900s !!! lol 
" Don't leave me swinging in the wind until November , until November " -Auto-Tune The News 
change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same ! 
Alumni day was great since i didn't have to do ANYTHING ! 
Tequila ! ;) 
might get her nose pierced tomorrow . And no , Stephanie Gonnella , I'm not getting my ears pierced .... so I wont be able to wear those expensive , nice earrings you bought me years ago . 
I hate White Castle . I HATE it . Binging is the most painful thing in the world . I rather give birth right now ! 
I got an 85% on mastering bio !!! Now I just need to do my history project . 
is in Forensics . :/ 
Dance Central = Sore Muscles 
I hate school . 
No school for awhile ! 
Trying to study for math finals ... always end up doing anything EXCEPT studying for my math finals . 
" Don't go chasing waterfalls , stick to the rivers and the lakes that your used to . I know that you want to have it your way or nothing at all , but I think you're moving too fast . " 
' s family is over . Nice to see my Grammie Bilbo again ! lol ( SHE LOOKS JUST LIKE BILBO FROM THE LOTR !!! ) 
thought it was Wednesday ALL DAY . :( 
I did my AP Bio test as soon as I got home from school . I did it within 90 minutes and with out using my computer , book or notes . I didn't even study before hand . Did I fail it ? Most definitely . :| 
Aquarium with my cuzzizins tomorrow ? 
is sick and wants to go home ! 
Watching Australia's Next Top Model ! 
" It's my land and I need it now ! " Hahahah Emily Rezzarday 
I <3 Fallout 3 ! 
Rest In Peace Princess Khloe . I love you , you were the best dog ever ! 
Christmas was awesome ! :) 
just realized that Ms. Messina screwed me over by dropping our lowest grade instead of blanketing the score . FML . 
I have light reddish blonde hair now !!! :) 
I'M A BITCH ! .. Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I'm a handful , I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle . But if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best . If you're a bitch repost this .. I dare you . I'll be looking for the ladies who repost .... 
I need more than 24 hours in a day ! 
" Facebook'n on my Xbox . lol " 
" I'd like to see a seal do that ! " -Noose from Parkour DC 
wants to sleep forever . ZzZzZz 
