why do I voice my opinion when it seems to never be takin into consideration & why is it that I'm still asked what my opinion is ? i ? i 
Why am I so nice , I often ask myself that question ! 
wishin I had a bigger house ! 
As of today , Facebook will automatically index all your info on Google , which allows everyone to view it . To change this option , go to Settings --> Privacy Settings --> Search --> then UN-CLICK the box that says ' Allow indexing ' . Facebook kept this one quiet . Copy and paste onto your status for all your friends ASAP 
think we finely may have found a house !! 
never mind I'll just keep it to myself , I was taught if you don't have ne thing nice to say then don't say ne thing at all . But I rarely go by it but I will tonight . lol 
what is today going to bring . Better be good or I don't want it ! lol 
is thankful it's Friday 
so many things to do & yet I don't feel like doing any of them ! 
don't mind helping others but only when they also are trying to help them selves . If not it's like what's the point I can't do it for ya !! 
is wishing it wasn't soooooooo cold out ! 
is sick of dealing with all the dumb shit ! anyone else agree 
Wondering why I even help people out ne more ?! 
cleaning carpets is soooo much fun ! lol 
wishes I could find out if this cute lil ' dog was left or is he lost ??!! 
I have a feeling the nice weather isn't hear to stay , wish it was ! 
He's still at it ! After so long he will start to lose his voice , oh I can't wait if only it would happen sooner 
Have you ever wanted to hurt someone really bad for being annoying in hopes that it'll make them shut up even if it's only for a minute ? 
Surely there is something fun & exciting to do to day ! 
Happy Valentine's Day , hope everyone has a nice one !! 
I've always wanted to read minds , I can sometimes(lol ) but not good at it all the times , and I need to be ! =-) 
What to do tonight ? I know what he wants to do , where does he always want to go ne time we do ne thing ! 
Todays game - PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You'll find it interesting to know where your friends were born . Copy & paste on your profile , add your place of birth at the end of this sentence ... Chanute , KS Fun and exciting I know 
Watched 2012 , CRAZINESS !!! Is that really gonna happen ? Thats all I wanna know bc it seems as if it's already started ! 
I want the nice weather back !! 
I thought I was getting a little sick of the snow , OMG Thank God I don't live in New York that is CRAZY !!! 
LindsLindsay Lohan , 24 , gets her name and face all over the news because she went to jail . Justin Allen , 23 , Brett Linley , 29 , Matthew Weikert , 29 , Justus Bartett , 27 , Dave Santos , 21 , Chase Stanley , 21 , Jesse Reed , 26 , Matthew Johnson , 21 , Zachary Fisher , 24 , Brandon King , 23 , Christopher Goeke , 23 , and Sheldon Tate , 27 , all gave their lives for you this week . Honor THEM by reposting this 
Tammy I was paying attention !!! What did I win , was there a prize ? lol 
HACKERS ~ ARE BACK .!. WARNING .. THEY WILL BLOW UP YOUR HARD DRIVE .. ATTENTION ! DO NOT ACCEPT FRIEND REQUEST BY FABIENNE RESCH AKA ; FabianBerneder , & Fabian Eder Bern , MATTHIAS DANNENBERG AKA ; Matthias Damberger , MARIO SUMMER AKA ; MarioSommer , ROLAND DRYER , FRANKBECKER , GREG .......... DEVIANT , CHRISTOPHER 
BUTTERFIELD , JENNIFER C ... HRISTINA S ... MITH & ROWAND BRADOSTY ! THEY 
DESTROY EVERYTHING ! ! ! ... PLEASE COPY AND PASTE 
Let's see who is paying attention . Every single one of you are on my Friends List as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family ! Let's see who in my Friends List actually pays attention . Copy and paste this in your status . On your mark ... get set ... GO !! I'm paying attention 
sorry is just a word if you don't change the actions you've apologized for 
Just got home not too long ago , I'm beat and gotta get up at 6 good night . 
Thanks everyone for all the Birthday Wishes ! 
Well today Duece comes home tried to call vet to check to see how it went & they haven't called me back yet , kinda makes me worry . 
OMG ! Spent all night stuck 4 miles from our house , in some plaes as deep as 3 feet or more . This weather is crazy , we haven't seen snow like this in forever & for them to not be doing ne thing to the roads is f-n bull shit ! 
Am I the only one who thinks logicaly ?!? It's lookin like it¡ ! ¡ 
Never tell your problems to anyone ... 20% don't care and the other 80% are glad you have them . lol 
Ignorance can be fixed , but stupid is forever . lol 
knows that the real trouble with my sarcasm , is that half the time when people think I'm being sarcastic , I'm actually being quite sincere ! 
Nothing is a waste of time as long as you use the experience wisely ! Did ya catch the last part of that " USE THE EXPERIENCE WISELY ! " 
Drive one 4 Chanute High School 
Local adults can test drive new cars and trucks from Merle Kelly Ford while raising money for Chanute High School’s athletic department . 
Ford Motor Company and Merle Kelly Ford will donate $20 to CHS , up to $6 , 000 , for every adult who test drives a 2011 Taurus , Fusion , Fiesta , Focus , Mustang , Flex , F150 , ... Explorer , or Lincoln MKT MKZ or MKX . 
I know if I tell you to go away and come back when you have gained some common sense - I probably won't ever see you again ! lol 
Wife walks into the bedroom naked , hubby says " what are you wearing ? " Wife says " my birthday suit " hubby says " well fucking iron it !! " lol Ever time I read that I crack up , so I just thought I'd share it w/ all of u ! 
Of course I talk to myself . I need intelligent conversation every now and again . lol 
Wonders why you need a license to fish , hunt , and drive a car , but any idiot can have a kid . lol 
there are people I'd take a bullet for and there are people I'd like to put a bullet in !! lol 
is amazed anyone would think they can be anything less than completely honest with me and not get caught . Even if I don't call you on it , rest assured - I know 
People need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness , and there is no cure ; and it's not contagious . They only want what we all want , to be accepted . Most people probably won't copy and paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week . 
Aunt val i'm very sorry to hear that , just know that he is in a better place , in heaven ! There's another wonderful Guardian Angle ! Everyones in my though 
Always remember , It's nice to be important , but it's more important to be nice ! lol =-) 
If you have a brother who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheered you up and kept you strong , copy & paste this as your status . Brother's are a promise that you'll have a friend for a lifetime 
A true friend doesn't care if you are broke , if your house is a mess , about your past , or if your family is full of loonies . They love you for who you are . True friends can go long periods of time without speaking and they never question their friendship . Post this if you are lucky enough to have at least one of these friends , they will know who they are 
Slow ass drivers make me angry ! 
ATTENTION !!!!!!!!! Donot join the group currently on Facebook with the title " Becoming a Father or Mother was the greatest gift of my life " It is a group of Pedophiles trying to access your photos . This was on Fox News at 5 . Please copy and post !!! Let's keep our children safe !! 
Well looks like I'm gonna be a lil ' late for Uncle John's Suprise 50th Birthday I'm sure I won't be the only late one ! 
Usually on the outtaman next to bed 
Does anyone know where I can find a little kitten ? ASAP preferably a little yellowish one ?! 
Off to my Grandpa's 80th birthday party ! 
Selfish people suck ! 
How 
many of us really know everybody on our facebook friend list ?? Here's a 
task for you ! I want ALL my FB friends to comment on this status about 
how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do 
the same to you . You'll be amazed at some of the answers you get .. ( don't strain to hard , lol , the fir ... st one your rem ... ember . ) 
At least they scored this game not only once but twice ! So their doing better . 
your pictures . It says you have been tagged in a picture & wants youclick on a link to see it , then hacks into your computer&all youraccounts , including banking & other secure accounts . It destroysyour computer . Once hacked into your computer , it send e-mails to your ...... friends telling them they have been tagged in ...... pictures&starts the process again . PLEASE RE- POSTSee More16 hours ago 
ts and prayers ! 
I was hoping they would all sleep until @ least 8:30 but no such luck !! 
Making Halloween Funfetti Cookies for Patricia to take to school tomorrow for her Halloween party . 
For any of you that know John Carl Jordan we'll be celebrating his 50th @ the VFW from 6-9 if any one wants to join us ! 
BOOBIES !!!!! TATAS !!!!! 
HOOTERS !!!! Fake (+) (+) , Perfect ( o)(o ) , Perkey (*)(*) Cold (^) (^) , 
even Grandmas \./\./ , Big ( o ) ( o ) and Small (.) (.) SAVE THEM 
ALL !!!!! Repost for Breast Cancer awareness . AND ....... WEAR PINK !!!!! 
Every person has 1000 wishes . A cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know that 97% will not post this as their status , but I know that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status , at least for an hour , in honor of those who died because of cancer or are stil .. fighting it 
It seems like it's been a year since I've been on here !! 
Was at the laundry mat from 3:30 to 6:30 what a great way to spend a Sat . afternoon/evening ! lol But it's all done !! =-) 
Hope everyone had a lovely Valentine's Day !!! 
Just finished making Valentine treat bags ! Tonight gotta make cupcakes ! When I was a kid I wish I got to take treat bags to every school party ! lol =) 
This week we remember babies born sleeping , or whom we have carried but never met , or those we have held but could not take home , or the ones that came home but didn't stay . Make this your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby . The majority won't do it . In memory of all lost angels . 
Doesn't make much sense , does it ? Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised . Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first . 1% will re-post and 99% won't have the guts to re-post this . I KNOW I'm in the 1% 
the only guy a girl can ever trust ... is her daddy !! try to prove me wrong 
Did you ever realize that the worst decisions you make in life .. always end up being the best stories ?? 
Hey ! Village Idiots picketing fallen soldiers ' funerals .... Yeah , I'm talking to you ! Do you know WHY you are allowed to do that ? BECAUSE THE DEAD SOLDIER YOU ARE DISRESPECTING GAVE HIS OR HER LIFE SO YOU WOULD HAVE THE FREEDOM TO EXPRESS YOUR STUPIDITY ! Feel free to copy and post - I did because I wasn't afraid to express my undying gratitude to every single service person past , present and future !!! 
ATTN : ' Chomo ' alert ! Harry Graham posing as a 14 year old boy is actually a 48 year old CREEP ! Protect all our kids n repost !! 
Well I guess since I told Patricia we could have a picnic today I better get going !! Wish it was as nice as it has been , it's a tad bit chilly today . 
