Needs motivation to do homework ... 
Camera man : hey peter ! can you move the camera ... all i can see is asses midget : now you know what its like ... 
got a strange aching pain in lower left abdomen :S 
so bored -.- 
YAY FINISHED PE !! :P 
Sick of chocolate . 
guuuuuuhhhhh noo more homework please ... 
IT LIVES 
nooo tetris is down :( 
got some resources photocopied ... getting one more tomorrow morning and will search net tonight when i get home ... yay for last minute chemistry work >.< 
is fat , silly and smelly . Hacked by Emilyyyyyyy ;D Cause i ' cool like that . suck it bitches . 
actually done some homework today ... but i know ive missed soo much .. and the doc says im not getting any better any time soon ... what am i going to do .. 
bored . 
hahaha he's gonna hate me when he gets back :3 
bored ... 
booorrrreedd ... 
hahaha cyclists fight like women >.< 
honestly yes , your family should be more important than your partner but obviously your to thick headed to realise that . 
is on the train using free internets : $ 
Joshua Fruit Fitz Fitzpatrick should really stop being a faggot and come over to my place once in a while to play games n shit :D 
seriously dude GROW THE F UP AND STOP SULKING 
really doesnt want to study .. 
haha yea sadly i agree -.-" people with the same level of ignorance would definitely have the same level of limited thinking . >.< 
15 hours till i leave Australia :D 
im sorry but when did a country hick become all knowing ? 
misses that hill ... the clear nights and the bright lights ... lets see how many shooting starts we can count ... 
Milk , massive pizza and Pocari Sweat :D 
i need some mi goreng . 
level 2 me Vs Giant Radscorpion ... not nice 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone)who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have been eaten by dragons . The other 7% of ......... people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguisher 
suzie is so cool !! HACKEd mwahahahaha 
pathetic , just pathetic . 
wow .. its only 1 0 . o feels later :/ thats what i get for waking up at 9.30 
Yay power outage :3 
It's just a jump to the left . 
And then a step to the right . 
Put your hands on your hips . 
You bring your knees in tight . 
But it's the pelvic thrust 
That really drives you insane . 
Let's do the time-warp again . 
sudden craving for Roti 0 . o 
i might not help much in certain situations but at least i give it a try 
why am i up so early ? T.T 
clear stars 
starting to read king of hell again :D 
somethings have beginnings but all things have their endings . 
vicinity of obscenity in your eyes 
fifty in 5 
Photons have mass ? Ha i didn't even know they were Catholic . 
Finge it cool :D 
seriously , is all you do complain ? 
pentan-1-ol , ethanoic acid and sulfuric acid . :3 
Relaxation is fun :P . 
does not want to go back to school T.T 
australia seems to be between a rock and a hard place in this election , neither really diserve it and neither put australia first :S 
dont you hate it when you feel like talking to someone , then halfway through the conversation you totally lose interest in them -.-" 
has another maxibon : ' D 
haha FMA : Brotherhood is getting good =D 
just because we let you , doesn't mean you have a right too . 
Time for more revision ! T.T 
she is going to give you a nipple cripple with the strength of 20 men 
Bored ... :/ 
like a bogan would know anything logical 
my internet is soo slow -.-" 
remind me to never help you again :) 
needs a job lol ^.^ 
feeling like im drowning .. 
soooooo ?.... 
I wish you would just see things from my perspective .. 
wondering if i should give a dam ?? 
doesnt want to study biology :( ... 
gah ... complain , complain , complain . 
just because a wiki page said it doesn't make it true :) 
time for sleep :) 
is it mufti tomorrow ? 
False Friends ? 
leaving korea in 1 hour :/ 
loves it when a bleached haired baby-faced northerner on the gawler train thinks he can take a southerner 
YAY FOR HORMONES 
2 more days 0 . o ... 
he's on his way to nowhere , because he heard it was safe there and safe is something valuable here ... 
homework .. games ... homework ..... games .... homework T.T .... 
misses that hill ... the clear nights and the bright lights ... lets see how many shooting stars we can count ... 
is going to bed -.-" studied chem solid since 7 and am feeling the pain , i think i've hit the wall :D .... -.-" 
still haven't received my draft back . 
did you know .. dolphins are just gay sharks 
dont you just love it when people cant win an argument so they run away :P 
according to facebook i poked myself 0 . o 
I'm going in , so cover me Your compass will , help me turn the page The laughing stock , I'll never be Because I won't let them take me . 
is really hoping for a hung government :/ 
Emily Menesdorff : learn to not taste like skin 
me : ... learn not to taste like skin ? 0 . o .... learn not to taste like skin ... 0 . o 
emily : * laugh * 
having trouble finding Grenadier for suzie -.-" 
sick and tired of this snail paced internet -.-" 
i hate this heat :/ i wanna go back to korea where it's nice and cold T.T 
hates it when randoms you dont know continuously try to add you -.- 
is really starting to hate people who are ungrateful 
needs something to do to stay awake . 
why cant tone deaf people just shut up .... WHY ?? 
I hate you ... in that cut off your head with a toothbrush kind of way 
finished study , now bed time =D 
HAHA finally got an interview and KFC Hindly street !! that's right josh ima gonna be a bigger whore than you !... wait what ? 
why is writing the conclusion so much harder than writing anything else ?! 
finally got my now computer =D 
struggling to study .. 
misses the old days . 
is going to die tomorrow . 
yay finished bible !! can relax a lil =D 
god this movie is horrible :/ 
bed time :D 
T.T too hot ... can't sleep ... 
hates it when hearsay gets spread and misinterpreted ... guh 
thinking about going to the state library tomorrow before my exam on tuesday :/ 
YAY for drama 
isn't it funny how the people you think will never change always change for the worst ? 
is falling asleep . 
should start to study for chem .. but im way too tired for it ... 
rap just plain sucks :) 
Jajamyun :D 
YAY i apparently have Insomnia . -.-" well that explains a lot . 
feels like his head caved in . 
GOD WOULD YOU FREAKING LISTEN TO REASON 
4 more things to do on bible .. so close to finishing ... but totally cannot be stuffed doing it -.-" ... i think its time for a break . 
hates it when people your supposedly close too drift away from you ... then never reply to you texts calls etc ... i really miss those days where everything just seemed so simple ... wish i could just go back to that clear nights sky ... when everything seemed so straight forward ... i hate this .... 
finally finished Braid .. WTF ITS SO RETARDED ? WHAT KINDA ENDING IS THAT ?... such a sad twist T.T 
Crisroyce Jimenez why did you call my phone =.= lol 
sleep seems good right about now :) 
2 hours until internet reset and 2 hours till i can download like crazy agin :D 
fuck it , im studying tonight i want my freedom :D 
i was going to do something ... but then i forgot .. damit . 
FMA is amazing :D 
dont you just love watching novice gamers playing games :3 
snowboarding at night is so much more fun :D ... when you can see the ice patches 0 . o 
well maybe i just don't want to 
why is every asian i see around me like super good at table tennis 0 . o 
hates people leaving . 
finally finished the the majority of the maths assignment .. no thanks to adam of course XD lol hahaha .... 
does anyone have cris ' number ? i need it to tell him to send me homework -.-" 
I don't wanna be everything that this god has planned for me 
Can't you see you are my everything 
I can't give everything this world will expect from me 
You are my everything 
chem is going to be the death of us all .. 
3 down , 2 to go . 
art will be unbelievably easy 
wants something to do that doesn't include homework 
its amazing how flexible your foot can be when its numb >.< 
needs and australian to korean adaptor and converter and its a pain in the ass to find -.-" 
YAY power outage =.=" 
needs something to do . 
is very ticked off at allen right now .. :/ 
i wish things didnt turn out like this .. 
better revenge than acting like it didn't hurt ; acting like it never meant anything . 
just realised how messed up neon genesis is . 
arrgh chem -,- 
one good song after another :D 
off to bed :D 
haha ... yay homework .. -.-" 
on my way to melbourne -.- all nighters are fun :D 
sleep :D 
hmm should really stop helping people , their always so ungrateful . 
i love proving stupid people wrong :) 
Great ! no one cares :3 
and ~ then comes the crash . :/ 
so bored 
wow the government in australia really doesnt know shit about anything >.< the net speed here isnt much faster than mine , in fact its probably a lil slower :/ the only difference if its more accessible 
two pages solid of my smallest writing = my cheat sheet for maths ... T.T such a sore neck 
such an amazing story :) 
sore necks suck T.T 
study T.T 
finally chem is finished :D 
boooooorrrreeeeddd .... 
you've never been able to take the heat have you . no wonder you did that >.< dude you totally fail . 
:3 
wow never knew being a slut was a profession :/ 
ambiguously writing a status to attack someone and then hoping they don't read it . makes sense don't it ? 
( 8 ) Almost Easy ( 8 ) 
Yo-Yo's are fun :3 
emotions are sloppy messy illogical irrational and are totally non-relevant . life would be so much easier without them . 
GAH , PEOPLE , IVE HAD ENOUGH OF PEOPLE . 
omg i has a maxibon : ' D 
just for jordan - we have Physics @ 9.30 and PE @ 1.20 exams tomorrow 
YAY BIBLE .... -.-" not 
This is incredible , i shall call you slappy and you shall be my slappy 
hmm .. 
think i broke my toe :/ 
needs something interesting to do .. FITZ COME OVER . 
have a small break from chem . 
hmm always wondered what a lack of school would be like ... just never thought it would be this boring :/ 
Elective Amnesia 
until i feel as if my questions have been fully answered and explain to my satisfaction , i wont be content with this unsavory organisation you call a religion . 
Emily Menesdorff is busy Erectin a river :3 
30/30-150 
Cop Out :D 
My master made me this collar . He is a good and smart master and he made me this collar so that I may speak . Squirrel ! 
wooooooooow ... nothing :D 
my headaches back with a vengeance . 
cutting the tip off your finger is painfully fun :D 
( 8 ) All work and no play makes me a dull boy ( 8 ) 
what to do what to do :S 
bored 
time to say good bye . 
am i really the only person who finds berocca disgusting ? 
Dad : " What are you doing on the net so late ? " 
Me : " I'm Doing my homework " 
thinks : " Dammit pull up something educational " 
cow's go moo :3 
lil dipshit :3 
apologize ? you were the one who did wrong , why should i apologize for YOUR mistakes ? 
feels like playing fallout now :/ 
3 days in a row with little to no sleep -.- 
has crashed after his energy drink high -.-" 
-9 0 . o ima freeze my ass off out there >.< 
misses the people you are supposed to be closes to but can't be because of stupid circumstances .. 
yea not going to formal . 
waiting patiently for Mr B to send me back my draft :3 
i hate the fact my phones broken -.-" 
wait 45min in the wind and rain for a bus that doesnt even look like its going to come ... gotta love adelaide :D 
ok not so much now , misunderstanding are irritating :/ 
you have no right to complain . 
:O Noan Sedaya Mangubat = = deleting my post !! :P 
has the biggest urge to surf :S 
the nets really bad tonight :/ sorry to all those trying get in contact lol im barely managing to make this 0 . o 
hates things you wish you could say .. but cant because of the circumstance 
Sometimes I just wanna copy someone's status , word for word , and see if they notice 
realisation with biology - excellent with first semesters theory , not so much with second ... at least i know im gonna get 50 right off the bat :D 
Shake it like a sword with a dead guy on it 
UP . 
gets really annoyed at dropouts who suddenly believe their better than you because they work -.-" god who gives a dam your a bum with no future , WELL DONE prick 
what topics are we doing for art again ? >.< 
sleepy * yawns * 
lazer skirmish was awesome >.< sorry for kicking your ass on your birthday party Adam Rau 
is absolutely bored :S needs something to do 
Pietrisycamollaviadelrechiotemexity :3 
what to do , what to do :/ 
we should have worn some morphsuits for mufti today :D then Mr. B really would have had something to complain about >.< 
spamming peoples fb pages is fun :) 
is extremely pissed of at Mrs deVille right now : @ 
looks like i will be changing my money to american before i go to korea :/ 
guh dead leg -.-" 
ahh some people are just fools :P 
Dominic Neilson is officially a llama :3 
your opinion is very much invalid , get some education and i might consider your point of view . 
wants to actually do something other than watching tv and internet :/ 
think im going to have an early night 
" Prayers that need no answer now 
I'm tired of who I am 
You were my greatest mistake 
I fell in love with your sin 
Your littlest sin " 
sleepy time -.-" * yawns * 
the end sneaks up so quietly ... dam i think i let this year slip by , what a waste :/ 
bored :/ 
need ... sleep ..... =.= * yawns * 
2 ton of fireworks exploding :D sounds interesting 
wow .. i have the biggest headache i've had in a long time :S 
just got a death threat for wearing one of my AVcon volunteer shirts 0 . o 
cant deiced between xbox or ps3 so im considering both :D 
Georgia Nicole McGrath , Chelsea Szabo what time do we have to be at school on thursday for pe ?? >.< i forgot :P 
i think it is finally starting to sink in .... I DONT HAVE SCHOOL ANYMORE :D 
some people really need to learn their place 
finally got my phone working again :D 
" What's on your mind ? " 

facebook sounds like my psychiatrist 0 . o 
want's to study but is losing motivation quickly :/ 
in your dreams matey :) 
YAY .... Chem .. T.T 
Emily Menesdorff is at my house and is being a lazy bitch :D 
why does Facebook chat continuously insist on being the bitchiest chat interface there is : @ 
anyone feel like giving us a free ride to tumby bay ? :3 
just doesn't want to study anymore T.T 
considering not going to formal :/ 
can't sleep -.-" 
:D snow !! 
one more exam and im a free man :D 
Me - " you always find new ways to astound me " 
Emily - " that's because im skilled , talented and short :D " 
Me - " ... " 
some times i wish emotions were just as detachable as personalities :/ 
hm .. you treat me like shit and then expect me to try ? 
wow the guilt of not studying catches up quickly ... dam teachers and their reverse psychology =.=" 
is bored but doesn't want to do anything :/ 
hmm .. tried talking to you today and i didn't know what to say .. 
getting rather bored at this formal :/ 
i hate emotions :/ 
7 Days :D 
10 more days and its over :D 
i swear the G10 bus service is the worst in Adelaide -.-" 
Dominic said he wants to rape a monkey 0 . o .. 
i dont want this to be over .. but its out of my hands ... 
i wonder how long i'll be waiting for you to say the first words 
The beach was fun :) 
dont you hate it when those lil shits you think are friends steal your ideas , spread them and then take the credit ? :/ 
domo arigato mr roboto 
i didnt get any sleep last night :/ 
dog chewed through my charging cord :/ need to buy a new one .. in korea ... FUN ~ ! 
who would have thought the day would come 0 . o the day the child would tell off the parent haha 0 . o strange 
fuck this . 
Bored :/ 
hmm im really gonna miss Thida Soeun , Jezreel Pijo , Sarah Happy Hypo Chessman and of course incest Morgan Hull :P ahaha you guys were great over the past 4 years > < the most decent of the younger grades :D 
looks like snow tonight :D 
you know just a hint .. if you dont want to look like a bad guy maybe you should stop acting like one ? 
Didn't i support you when you tried to open that small business ? 
No 
Then stop bringing it up ! 
2 more hours till i leave Jakarta and head for Incheon - Korea :D 
something must be wrong with me if i think 9 degrees is hot 0 . o 
Don't like the smaller font on Facebook ? Press Control-W to go back to the previous font size 
sleep time :D 
i cant pretend to be interested in things im not 
hmm just saw a shooting star ... that brings back memories ... 
hmm looks like its gonna snow again :D 
you never truly understand how much you love someone until their gone . i wish i could turn back time and chose a different path , i wish i could apologize for the stress and worry i put you through .. i wish i could say sorry for taking you for granted .. but this is the path that was chosen and what is done is done , all i can really say now is im sorry .. 
just realised that good friends stay good friends no longer how long you havent seen or heard from each other :) 
had a pretty interesting night with Wendy Wu , Jess Plewa , Suzie Nguyen and Crisroyce Jimenez :D formal wasn't too bad with some great friends :D 
Super Effective <3 
i hate crappy servers -.-" 
wry necks aren't fun :/ 
it feels so much later than it actually is 
getting pretty sick of these alcoholics :/ 
need something to do :/ 
1 more day .. 
Bones :D 
dead trees dont look right without snow :/ 
and another day of boredom . 
boooored 
suddenly has the erge to watch digimon 0 . o 
* evil laugh * 
shaolin soccer :D 
i dont want you too 0 . o 
wow this feels strange ... not getting ready for school 0.0 
YAY i got a cerebral concussion !! 
isn't just awkward when the people your staying with have a fight and you cant do anything about it :/ 
i think i've grown again 0 . o 
audio lag is annoying 
Dominic Neilson is officially gay 0 . o 
needs to buy a surfboard 
i really dont have enough to do :/ 
white people should never attempt to create a movie from an asian manga/anime , they just ruin it -.-" 
i would really like to know what Emily Menesdorff's issue with feeling my nipples is 0 . o 
this just in : rainbow turtle doves flock in my pants 
Emily Menesdorff does strange things to me 0 . o 
the athore coments al totol lies ! 
because riding a bus is so hard -.-" 
mi goreng is now my valentine :3 
beach would be good right about now :/ 
ryan is a drirty minded person 
Emily Menesdorff stalks herself :3 
Dominic Neilson : what do you call an insult ? 
me : * funny look * 
dom : shut up im tired ! 
booooored -.- 
Adelaide transport crazies ... Gotta love em ' 
finished bible ... 9.6 MB -.- 
Emily Menesdorff should stop playing sims 3 and entertain me :3 
0 . o theres a random drunk guy sleeping on my front lawn ... 
why does everything seem to fall apart after school finishes ? 
i miss those old days .. 
pizza :3 
0 . o hope my family in nz is ok :/ 
i wish it turned out differently ... 
All because of you , 
I believe in angels . 
Not the kind with wings , 
No , not the kind with halos , 
The kind that bring you home , 
When home becomes a strange place . 
i find it funny how you gain the smallest , most insignificant pieces of knowledge and suddenly you know it all :/ 
i want something to do -.- 
you know i find it absolute bullshit that you think were friends when the only time you ever consider talking to me is when you and your boyfriend have issues . 
Xam'd :3 
im not your pet -.-" 
Shut up and Explode :D 
new chapter of gantz :3 
monkey magic :3 
* paraplegic in scary movie gives self a blowjob * 
Sinead : what guy would want to do that ? 0 . o 
Dominic Neilson : * clears throat * 
Us : 0 . o .......... 
booooored :/ 
sick of this shit :/ 
guh ... need ... sleep ... 
fuck you 
avcon application complete ^.^ hope i get in this year too :D 
I guess when you combine yodels with cough syrup you get acid 
I guess there are just some things you don't get over .. :/ 
:/ i think it's about time for a haircut ^.^ 
so ~ just found out my aunt has cancer in her liver and spleen :/ 
booored :/ 
guh need something to do D: 
family drama :/ dont you love it 
sun shower :3 
3 hours sleep does some strange stuff to your behaviour 0 . o 
it's not lying when you purposely select truths :3 
