GO FEDERER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
loves the 1995 version of Pride and Prejudice ! 
Thanks for the birthday messages , everyone !! :) 
I can't wait til Christmas ! 
970 days until the London 2012 Olympics ! 
has chemical burns on 3 of her fingers from using nail polish remover ! 
is disappointed that her German guy didn't beat Nadal last night . :( 
is shocked that Nadal is out of the Australian Open !! 
is really hoping that Federer will win the Australian Open ! GO FEDERER ! 
had fun watching Federer FLOG Tsonga tonight ! GO FEDERER !!! 
can't believe that tomorrow is her last day at work ! 
is SO happy that Federer WON the Australian Open !!! GO FEDERER !!! 
is loving the Australian Open ! 
is leaving tomorrow !! :o 
enjoyed Grey's Anatomy last night ! 
spent heaps of money on textbooks ! :S 
is excited for her first day of uni today !! :) 
really has to study but REALLY doesn't feel like it ... 
just found out that her white 3/4 pants have blue fluff on them from putting them in the wash with jeans !! > < Where is Mum when you need her ?!? 
and this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=girW7nTNnMQ especially the last 1/4 .... hilarious !! 
is sooo tired after riding her bike to uni and back ... 
is really obsessed with Grey's Anatomy ! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rHASQg8fR0s this made my day ! Haha 
had an hour of Poetry , two hours of German , an hour of Politics and an hour of French without a break ! 
watched " the Blind Side " today . It was really good 
is going home tomorrow !! Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay ! 
just watched an awesome but freaky German movie called ' Requiem ' . 
wishes facebook would stop distracting her ! > < 
is trying to figure out some stupid modernist poem and it's layers of meaning . Why can't poems just mean what they say ??!? 
is back in Canberra ... 
feels like some food ... 
thinks how much easier it would be just to get married and have kids , rather than going to uni !! Not going to happen though ! 
just had wiki-races with Aimee Desailly ! It's called another form of procrastintion ... 
watched Alice in Wonderland in 3D ! It was SO cool !!! 
is using eating chips and going on Facebook as an alternative to study ... 
can't wait til Greys starts ! 15 minutes to go ... 
hottentottenpotentatentantenattentat is the coolest German word ever ! 
is realising that she has a LOT to do before Easter ! :/ 
got sent a friend request by a random Italian guy that she's never seen before in her life ! 
can't wait for Grey's tonight !! 
just got home from riding her back back from uni in the rain ! 
Rindfleischetikettierungsüberwachungsaufgabenübertragungsgesetz is one of the longest German words !! 
hates Political Science with a passion . 
thinks that having non-stop classes from 10 - 3 without lunch , then coming home and not finding any food is hard to bear ! :( 
is going to get heaps of study done today ! 
is shocked that Alicia Molik lost against Julie Coin ! 
is using WiFi from her new MacBook for the first time !! :) 
Watching The Lion King ! <3 
got so much done today it's DISGUSTING ! :D 
Last day of uni today ! :D 
saw Christmas stuff in shops today ! :O 
has only 100 more words to wirte before this DRATTED political science essay is DONE !!!!!!!!!! :D 
To Facebook : Please stop stuffing up and let 
me procrastinate properly ! >:( 
LOVES LONDON !!! 
just went late-night shopping with Aimee Desailly and Michaela O'Keefe . Fun , but we had another interesting experience on the bus ... more like terrifying ! 
loved ' P.S. I Love You'! 
FINALLY has internet !! It's pretty sad how desperate I was getting after not having the internet for 2 days ! 
is really hungry ... 
is in Paris !! And hasn't slept more than 2 hours in 40 hours ... 
Thanks everyone for the birthday messages !! They're all so lovely ! I'm so blessed to have friends like you ! :) xx 
needs to study for her German exam tomorrow but REALLY doesn't want to ! :/ 
wishes French wasn't so hard ... 
has procrastinated ALL DAY and now finally needs to do some work ... I HATE YOU ENGLISH ESSAY ! >:( 
feels sick from tonight's dinner ... :/ 
is on holidays now !! Yay ! Now to finally sit down and watch some Grey's Anatomy ! :D 
Rosie Rand thinks tonight's dinner better be good ! I'm starving ... 
is really tired now ... 
has written the first 500 words of her 2000 word Political Science essay !!! :D 
needs chocolate . 
at 12:45 am FINISHED HER POETRY ANALYSIS THAT IS DUE ON THURSDAY ! YAY !! 
900 words to go ... 
would give anything for a salad with proper lettuce , baby spinach , carrots , red capsicum , cucumber , homegrown tomatoes , fetta , avocado , artichoke hearts , olives , basil and coriander with dressing ... 
attended Skyfire with Aimee Desailly , Veronica Milroy , and Michaela O'Keefe . It was awesome ! Except for the part where I stepped in vomit on the bus ... :/ 
Money , money money , must be funny in a rich man's world ! 
Money money money , must be sunny - it's a rich man's world . 
All the things I could do if I had a little money ... 
Everyone , turn your lights back ON ! 
just realised that the girl who plays Anne Shirley in Anne of Green Gables turned 42 the other day !!! That makes me feel sooooo old ... 
feels like going out to an Italian restaurant for dinner tonight . 
is going to buy Euros and Pounds today ! :D 
is excited to be going home tomorrow !! :D 
is relieved that her French speech is finally out of the way ! :) 
feels like eating Sour Cream and Chives Pringles ... 
I must confess I never saw any beauty in her face . Her features are not at all handsome . Her complexion has no brilliancy ! Her teeth are tolerable I suppose , but nothing out of the common way . And as for her eyes , which I have sometimes heard called fine , I could never perceive anything extraordinary in them ! And in her air altogether there is a self-sufficiency without fashion which I find intolerable . 
can't wait for Mum's cooking !! Mmmmmm ... 
wants to hang , draw and quarter political science essays ! 
went on four buses today , but only had to pay for one ! :D 
" You are too hasty , sir , " she cried . " You forget that I have made no answer ... I am very sensible of the honour of your proposals , but it is impossible for me to do otherwise than decline them . " " I am not now to learn , " replied Mr Collins with a formal wave of the hand , " that it is usual with young ladies to reject the addresses of the man they secretly mean to accept , when he first applies for their favour ... " 
is wishing that she didn't have so much study to do ! 
is really scared of taking the taxi tonight !!! =/ 
is VERY happy because she just finished her politics essay that is due on Tuesday ! :D 
can't wait ' til Thursday afternoon !! 
had fun bossing Aimee Desailly around ! :P 
hates Political Science ! >:( 
is happy . :) 
400 words to go ! 
thinks chocolate is awesome comfort food ... mmmmmm 
" When I do myself the honour of speaking to you next on this subject I shall hope to receive a more favourable answer than you have now given me ; ... because I know it to be the established custom of your sex to reject a man on the first application , and perhaps you have even now said as much to encourage my suit a would be consistent with the true delicacy of the female character . " 
just came home from her cousin's Michael Jackson-Rand and Eve Jackson-Rand's house and a delicious lunch . It's soooo nice to have home-cooked food ! Mmmm ... 
finally had something that could be called ' salad ' for dinner ! Mmmmmmmm ... FINALLY ! 
just watched Grey's and Private Practice - loved it !! :) 
loves rain ! 
reeeeeeally doesn't want to do this politics essay and needs to stop procrastinating ... 
3 months and 1 day until I go to Europe = about 93 days !!!!! :D 
is not getting anywhere with her assignment :( 
really needs chocolate !! 
wants to watch House :( 
Then Merry heard of all sounds in that hour the strangest . It seemed that Dernhelm laughed , and the clear voice was like the ring of steel . ' But no living man am I ! You look upon a woman ! Eowyn I am , Eomund's daughter . You stand between me and my lord and kin . Begone , if you be not deathless ! For living or dark undead , I will smite you if you touch him . ' 
is annoyed that flights are so EXPENSIVE !!!!!!!!!! 
just rode her bike all the way to Civic to speak to a travel agent , only to encounter one like Barbara the Bank Manager ! > < 
is eating Skittles ! Mmmm ... 
is finding it hard to get used to studying again after her holiday ! =/ 
is angry at Heidi Maree Ford . She is a lameo . She is bad . She is cruel woman . I am sad because she is mean to me . :( 
is getting really fit ! :D 
is angry at Centrelink >:( 
is tired :/ 
" How are you is Fawlty Towers is nice day . Oh you again , no I say he not here . HE NOT HERE ! Very very sorry . Goodbye ! * hangs up * Kh ! Kh ! Wicked ! " 
" Yes , yes , YES ? Oh is you again , now listen , he not here ! How many times , where are your ears you great big halfwit !?! HE NOT HERE ! Listen ! Now you understand ? Ahh ! Mr Fawlty ! Very very sorry . Yes , is me Mr Fawlty . Yes , men are here . ( You work , men . ) " 
bought Ever After DVD ! :D 
is going to St Johns Reid tomorrow - the same church Kevin Rudd goes to !! 
is looking forward to Grey's Anatomy and Private Practice , then talking to Julie Jarnoux on Skype tonight !! :D 
hates German grammar ! > < 
just realised a while heap of French grammar she thought was due tomorrow is actually due NEXT WEEK !! Wooo ! Bed time for me ! 
is reallllllly hoping she'll get the $4000 
Centrelink scholarship !! 
" I've come here with no expectations , only to profess now 
that I am at liberty to do so that my heart is , and always will be , 
yours . " ~ Sense and Sensibility 
This time next month I will be on my way to Europe !! :D 
has bought her plane tickets to EUROPE ! :D 
Aimee Desailly and Kellie-Maree Chester , when are we going to finish watching Forrest Gump ? 
It takes 10 minutes longer for the train to get from Paris to London , than it does to get from London to Paris ...??? 
International Hug a Musician Day ! tomorrow ! :D 
Europe in 51 days ! 1224 hours !! 
Where are you Aimee Desailly , Michaela O'Keefe and Kellie-Maree Chester ??? I'm so alooooone !!! :( 
is a bit obsessed with Coldplay at the moment . 
is hungry for junk food . 
is hungry but doesn't like the sound of " beef and gnocchi hotpot " =/ 
thinks Edinburgh is AWESOME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
has had a lovely relaxing weekend up until now - STUDY TIME ! :( 
:'( 
Sybil : [ On the phone ] " I know ... I know ... I know ... Oh , I know . " 
Basil : " Then why is she telling you ? " 
ust found an email from the ANU library saying I 
haven't returned a book which was due at the end of April ! Fees accrue 
$4 per day !!! :o I thought I returned it ! > < 
is eating a Yogo ! Mmmm ... 
FINISHED !!! :D 
has an an exam in one hour . :( 
Retail therapy is a beautiful thing ! 
French grammar exam tomorrow :( 
Time = life . Waste your time , waste your life . OR Master your time , master your life . 
:O It's true ! Roger Federer is out of the French Open !! :'( 
is going to spend the whole day in the library doing an assignment :( 
1,954,593 seconds until I go overseas ! :D 
is going to do a practice-pack . 12 days !!! :D 
is about to climb the Arc de Triomphe to see Paris at night ! 
Let's break it down . You wanna be creative , you 
wanna be in the spotlight . Face it . You wanna be me . 
Ah , hello , Mr. O'Reilly . How are you ? Oh sorry , nearly forgot : Basil 
Fawlty , remember ? The poor sod you do jobs for . So how are things your 
end ? Ah , splendid . Now how would you like to hear how things are my end ? 
Oh , well , up to your usual standard I think the odd hole in the wall , 
the odd door missing ; but nothing you can't be sued for . 
Basil : " Always reminds me of someone machine-gunning a seal . " 
Major : " The heat ? " 
Basil : " No , no . My wife's laugh . " 
Nooo ! Federer , how is this possible ?? > < 
is so excited that she's going home tomorrow !! :D 
At this time in three weeks I will be just arriving IN PARIS ! :D 
Bye Australia ! See you in a month !!! 
Thanks , Heidi Maree Ford ! :) xx 
is packing for Europe !!!!! 
Home tomorrow !! :D 
Can someone please do my essay on the major factors in the period between 1918-1939 which led to the outbreak of WWII ? Thanks ! :) 
Basil [ To German guests ]: Please allow me to introduce myself , I am the owner of Fawlty Towers . And may I welcome your war , your war , YOU ALL , and hope that your stay will be a happy one . Now would you like to eat first , or would you like a drink before the war , BEFORE LUNCH ? " 
is handing in her major essay this morning , then a few hours of uni , then HOME !! :D 
Someone give me money ! :( 
Just spent the afternoon at Palm Beach - now to have fish and chips ... 
could do with a trip to the Greek Islands ! 
is back in Australia ! Also hasn't slept in 3 days and has to go to Uni tomorrow . :( 
NO MORE POLITICAL SCIENCE FOR ME ! :D 
9 DAYS ! 
Basil : Do you remember when we were first * manacled * together ? We used to laugh quite a lot . 
Sybil : Yes but not at the same time , Basil . 
is in the south of France !! Enjoying speaking a bit more French , spending time with Julie , swimming in the pool , and getting really tanned !!! :D 
flies out tomorrow ! :((((((((((((((( 
Graben Grabengräber Gruben ? 
Graben Grubengräber 
Gräben ? 
Nein ! 
Grabengräber graben Gräben . 
Grubengräber graben 
Gruben . 
" You are too generous to trifle with me . If your feelings are still what they were last April , tell me so at once . My affections and wishes are unchanged , but one word from you will silence me on this subject for ever . " 
" You are mistaken , Mr. Darcy , if you suppose that the mode of your declaration affected me in any other way , than as it spared the concern which I might have felt in refusing you , had you behaved in a more gentlemanlike manner . " 
is now dominating French Grammar , thanks to Kellie-Maree Chester !! 
is homesick . :( 
National Library , here I come ! :D 
can't wait til the holdiays !! 
finally saw Inception today ! Loved it !! 
needs to get motivated ! :( 
Congrats Juia Gillard ! You go , woman ! :D 
' s weekend has started ! It will be full of study though :( 
Novak , YOU ARE LAME !!!! >:( 
loves retail therapy ! 
Go Murray !! 
" From the very beginning— from the first moment , I may almost say— of my acquaintance with you , your manners , impressing me with the fullest belief of your arrogance , your conceit , and your selfish disdain of the feelings of others , ... I had not known you a month before I felt that you were the last man in the world whom I could ever be prevailed on to marry . " 
needs chocolate . :( 
Cadbury's Turkish Delight Chocolate ! Mmmmm ... 
loved Dido and Aeneas ! Well done Veronica Jane ' Duckie ' Milroy !! 
Her astonishment , as she reflected on what had passed , was increased by every review of it . That she should receive an offer of marriage from Mr. Darcy ! That he should have been in love with her for so many months ! So much in love as to wish to marry her in spite of all the objections which had made him prevent his friend's marrying her sister , ... — was almost incredible ! 
Those who matter don't mind , and those who mind don't matter . 
~ Bernard Baruch 
bought a box set of Beethoven's 9 Symphonies performed by the Berlin Philharmoniker with Herbert von Karajan !! :D 
Nooooo ! Roger Federer , you disappoint me ! :'( 
Mr Bingley : I know this is all very untoward , but i would like to request the privilege of speaking to Miss Bennet ... alone . 
Mrs Bennet : Everyone to the kitchen . Immediately . Except you , Jane dear , of course . Oh Mr Bingley , it is so good to see you again so soon ! 
-2005 movie adaptation of Pride and Prejudice 
is on HOLIDAYS !! :D ( Well , a teaching break , anyway . ) 
The world is indeed full of peril and in 
it there are many dark places , but still there is much that is fair ; and 
though in all lands love is now mingled with grief , it still grows , 
perhaps , the greater . ( J . R . R . Tolkien ) 
When the verb of the relative clause is in a compound tense conjugated with ' etre ' , the past participle agrees with the relative pronoun ' qui ' because ' qui ' is the subject of the verb in the relative clause . The antecedent determines the gender and number of ' qui ' . :( 
Looking forward to a DELICIOUS lunch of awesome green salad ( with fetta and olives ) , potato salad , beetroot salad , and cold turkey , with pavlova for dessert !! :D 
Lord of the Rings marathon ! :D Just about to start Return of the King ... 
thinks exams on Saturday mornings are laaaaame ! 
enjoyed talking to Heidi Maree Ford for over an hour !! I miss you :( 
had an awesome morning with Aimee Desailly ! Now to study ... :( 
is going to be REALLY happy when these next two weeks are over ! 
had a Lord of the Rings Extended Edition marathon yesterday ! It was awesome !! 
is devastated !! We had to buy a new computer and now my beautiful Sims dynasty is gone ! All those generations , all the stories and memories ! GONE ! May they rest in peace ... :'( 
has been trying to view results of Semester 2 on the ANU website for the last hour ! STILL not getting through ! > < 
is finding it SO hard to get back into uni work !! > < 
is sooooo excited about going home on Thursady for the holidays !! :D 
We're pretty much having a cyclone here ! :/ 
is FINISHED with first year of uni !! Finally ! :D 
YAY !! HD for my English essay !! :D 
For my part , I must confess , I never saw any beauty in her 
face . Her features are not at all handsome . Her complexion has no brilliancy . Her teeth are tolerable , I suppose , but nothing out of the 
common way . And as for her eyes , which I have sometimes heard called fine , 
I could never perceive anything extraordinary in them . And in her 
air there is a self-sufficiency without fashion , which I find 
intolerable . 
wants chocolate . 
Aimee Desailly , you are my HERO !! <3 
I just finished hanging gingerbread cookies on our REAL Christmas tree ! The smell is sooo good ! German-style Christmas is unbeatable ! German food is awesome .... 
This is my last day of being a teenager !! :'( 
" Yes , I did . That was only when I first knew her . For it has been many months now I have considered her one of the handsomest women of my acquaintance ! " 
When we first knew her in Hertfordshire , how amazed we all were to find 
her a reputed beauty ! I particularly recall you , Mr Darcy , one night 
after they had been dining at Netherfield , saying : " She a beauty ? I 
should as soon call her mother a wit ! " But afterwards she seemed to 
improve on you . 
I even believe you thought her rather pretty at one 
time . 
Esther is the awesomest person in the world - I just can't explain how great she is !!! She is my hero !!! <3 <3 
GO FEDERER !!! 
It's going to be a stressful night ! Go Federer !! 
But as for me , I shall sing of Your strength ; 
Yes , I shall joyfully sing of Your lovingkindness in the morning , 
For You have been my stronghold 
And a refuge in the day of my distress . 
O my strength , I will sing praises to You ; 
For God is my stronghold , the God who shows me lovingkindness . 
Psalm 59:16 -17 
just bought a car !! :D 
can't believe she has the a sister as awesome as Esther !!!! 
See from His head , His hands , His feet , 
Sorrow and love flow mingled down ! 
Did e’er such love and sorrow meet , 
Or thorns compose so rich a crown ? 
