HEY ! what up brooke ? havnt seen you or jacob in so long . I miss you guys . What did you have done to get stitches BRooke ? 
I love to take quizzes ! I still havnt completely figured facebook out yet ... 
Oh and btw whats up amanda !? I miss you , we need to hang out soon . I look alot different , and better than the picture i have set now . I should set a better picture . I loook so dope in thAT PIC . Dope in a bad way . Hey guess wut ? I'm not a stick anymore ! I 
I reall really really really cant wait for AuGuSt 2nD ! Im having a party its going to be awesome !!! 
I got back from honduras yesterday ! Im SOOO glad to be home ! 
Eating a Snickers bar ! Yum ........ I am going to upload some pics if I can get this dumb computer to work ! 
right now im just trying to figure out waht to do .. I dont always have something to do here in honduras on sundays . I guess I will just browse through facebook and take quizzes or something . 
hey all my friends who live in AZ , i am coming home TOMORROW for thanksgiving break . I am having a " party " on saturday around 5pm . if you want to come , or want details , call me at 480-421-8043 . 
yea !! home for break ! going home sunday , not lookin forward to going home thought . 
All I want for the holidays is Guitar Hero Van Halen 
I am tired ... 
4 DAYS TILL ' CHRISTMAS BREAK !!!!!! 
1 WEEK TILL ' I GET TO GO HOME !!!! YESSSSSS !!!! 
WOOOHOOOO ! ONE DAY ! 
It snowed this morning ! there is snow everywhere ! we had a massive snowball fight in the barracks . It was great . 
TWO DAYS TILL I GO HOME !!!!!!!! :-D 
Alabama won !!! yay ! 
Watchin a big College football game- texas VS alabama- with my granparents ! Fun ! 
It's time to show the world that more of us support our troops than don't! If you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour !! And if you don't stand behind our troops , then please feel free to stand in front of them !!! 
" The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched . They must be felt with the heart . " -Helen Keller 
" A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same . " -Elbert Hubbard 
" I am imagination . I can see what the eyes cannot see . I can hear what the ears cannot hear . I can feel what the heart cannot feel . " -Peter Zarlenga 
Yay !!! Church was great this morning . I brought a friend with me he really enjoyed it . :-D 
Half-Life 2 is fun , confusing , and cool , with lots of those cherishible moments where things go " boom " . even if you REALLY dont want them too ... 
" Every child is an artist . The problem is how to remain an artist once we grow up . " -Pablo Picasso 
What is going on ?? Facebook needs to stop EPIC FAILING 
Things are not always as they seem ; All that glitters is not gold 
? (?????) ? This little Alien wishes to see our world , cut and paste him on your status so he can travel ... He's now in Roswell , New Mexico . ( He was in Chandler , Arizona ) 
I finally got the facebook update and its sooo weird 
Have to march my first tours ever today ... :P 
I just deleted a whole month's worth of posts for no particular reason ... and now I wish I could bring them back ... 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you ! 1 : Pretty . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : always happy . 7 : awesome . 8 : stylish . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : active . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : big flirt . ... 17 : Cute . 18 : BF/GF Type . 19 : Player 
YAY FOR THE WEEKEND !! 
Have an amazing Spring Break everyone !!! 
It's SO GREAT to be home ! 
Hey EVER1 !!!! text me tomorrow ! I have about 6 hrs of traveling to do ... 
" My heart is ever at your service . " -William Shakespeare 
" for wisdom is more precious than rubies , and nothing you desire can compare with her . " Proverbs 8:11 
The wise man sees in the misfortune of others what he should avoid . Marcus Aurelius 121-80 AD , Roman Emperor , Philosopher 
Nightcrawlers ! 
If you're my friend , how come it seems like you never think about me ? 
Silver Taps , a great honor . 
Thank you , CPT Obannon , for your sagely advice 
Socialism is to Conservatism as Communism is to Autocracy . Food for thought . 
I would like my Facebook friends to comment on this status , sharing how you met me . But I want you to LIE . That's right , just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . I bet half won't read the instructions right ! 
Only God knew how absurd my day would be even as it unfolded before me . Looking forward to more pain tomorrow . 
wow great weekend ! 
Lalallalalalala 
Wow . I think God was making up for the hard work I did yesterday , because today was amazing ! 
Repealing sticks ... let's see if I can do this right . 
I love making jokes . 
Who DOESN'T want to feel like a total B.A. ? 
Did You Know 
Since 1991 , the number of privately owned firearms has increased by 70-75 million and the nation's total violent crime rate has decreased 38% . The nation's murder rate has decreased 43% 
http://www.nraila.org/Issues/FactSheets/Read.aspx?id=206&issue=007 
“I am the vine ; you are the branches . If you remain in me and I in you , you will bear much fruit ; apart from me you can do nothing . If you do not remain in me , you are like a branch that is thrown away and withers ; such branches are picked up , thrown into the fire and burned . " John 15:5 -6 
" My command is this : Love each other as I have loved you . Greater love has no man than this , that he lay down his life for his friends . " John 15:12 -13 
" Your corruption is like a cancer growing inside ! You owe the world an apology . You've been taught all your life that truth is easy to hide ! You'll face your judgement another day ... and suffer eternity ! " 
today i tripped 
and was shocked to see 
the ground quickly rising to meet me 
Said one mayfly to another ... " In the old hours the sky was blue , none of this bloody orange . " " Yes , I remember that . In the old hours , there used to be a cow over yonder . " " Ah ... the good ol ' hours ... " 
Battle L.A. = AWESOME ! ( but not appropriate for my little brother and sister , mom ) 
GIR !!! 
" Put on the full armor of God " 
Like this if you will NEVER like Obama on Facebook 
Sept 11th ( NY ) Jan 11th ( Haiti ) and March 11th ( Japan ) ... Luke 21:10 -11 Then Jesus said to his disciples : " Nation will rise against nation , and kingdom against kingdom . There will be great earthquakes ' , famines and pestilences in various places , and fearful events and great signs from heaven . ' Jesus says for behold I come quickly , ' So ask yourself , are you ready ? Sad to say many won't re-post this message ! 
Almost there , just gotta remember to keep breathing while i'm walking . One foot in front of the other 
home ? check . good food ? check . entertainment ? check . brother and sister ? you know what , just take that off the list . XD 
If you love me , ( comment on this status ) . 
If you think i'm a good friend , ( like this status ) . 
If you hate me , ( message me and tell me why ) . 
If you ever had a crush on me , be honest , ( poke me ) . 
If your not scared , ( make this your status ) . 
Your MOM 
Please copy and paste this as your status if you know someone , or have heard of someone who knows someone . If you don't know anyone , or even if you've heard of anyone who doesn't know anyone , then do still copy this . It's important to spread the message . 
I'm guessing not many things will make over 6000 people end up walking like penguins by the end of a day . I discovered one . 
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah . whah ? 
70[)@'/ 1 | -|@[) @ ( 0| \|< &5 @7 ! 0|\| @[30 (_) + 7'/405 . 
april FOOLS ! 
Some people just need a swift kick in the rear . 
looking for a job ? interesting . 
Poor CPA students .... I CANT BELIEVE THEIR ARE NO MORE BLACK PANTS !! 
A job offer from an insurance agency ? Interesting ... 
The new cadets are turning on Monday . Lord , give me justice and wisdom . You know its needed . 
Apparently , MAJ Gallagher watches The Onion . 
Yeah , so WTF is going on ? Who is retarded enough to even think letting the government shut down is an option . This is the most idiotic crisis of which I have ever heard . This is not good , and I will definitely be P.O. for all my friends who won't be getting paid to get food on the table this next week . 
Thankfully , crisis has been averted . Thanks for doing your jobs ... 
It takes 3,500 newtons to crack a human rib , 31 newtons to break the nose , and 168 newtons to break the human neck . 
" I hate Vietnam- there aint ' one horse in Vietnam . There's somthin ' wrong with that . " 
eeeeeeh math is a crutch .... 
Here's some food for thought ............. When I was a kid I didn't have a cell phone , laptop or Wii . I had a bike , an imagination and a curfew . I played outside , rain or shine . If I didn't eat what my mom made me , I didn't eat . I didn't dare tell my parents " no " or talk back . Life wasn't hard , it was good . Repost if you liked the way you were raised , drank water out of a hose and survived 
Hey NMMI ppl , join MAJ Shaw is a BAMF ! group . seriously . 
Whoever loves discipline 
loves knowledge , 
but he who hates correction is stupid . 
Proverbs 12:1 
A fool shows his annoyance at 
once , 
but a prudent man overlooks 
an insult . 
Proverbs 12:16 
" Whatever doesn't kill you just makes you ... stranger . " 
" This is what happens when a unstoppable force meets an immovable object . " 
" See , madness , as you know , is like gravity . All it takes is a little ... push ! " 
" Come on , come on , I want you to do it . I want you to do it . Hit me , hit me , come on ... HIT ME ! " 
" Tis ' but a scratch ! " 
Apparently , Donald Trump wants to run for President . 
Deceiving , clamorous and unhelpfully inconclusive , that which within lives is belied by beauty . 
The only verdict is vengeance ; a vendetta held as a votive , not in vain , for the value and veracity of such shall one day vindicate the vigilant and the virtuous . Verily , this vichyssoise of verbiage veers most verbose , so let me simply add that it's my very good honor to meet you and you may call me V . 
However , this valorous visitation of a bygone vexation stands vivified , and has vowed to vanquish these venal and virulent vermin vanguarding vice and vouchsafing the violently vicious and voracious violation of volition . 
Voila ! In view , a humble vaudevillian veteran , cast vicariously as both victim and villain by the vicissitudes of fate . This visage , no mere veneer of vanity , is a vestige of the vox populi , now vacant , vanished . 
" Who is but the form following the function of what ; and what I am is a man in a mask . " 
" I am merely remarking upon the paradox of asking a masked man who he is . " 
" The price of healthy gums is eternal vigilance . " -Two and a Half Men 
The United States is engaged in asymmetrical warfare . 
Type your name : Nick LaRovere 
With your elbows : nick larovere 
with your eyes closed : Nick LaRovere 
With your nose : nick larovere 
slam your face on the keyboard : vbgtyybtg5thy6ytghb 
Try it ! 
I have just decided that I am Conservative Survivalist . Don't know what that is ? Hm . I guess I just created my own political view . 
I'm putting this out there : I don't know Obama personally , I'll never know if he is a true Christian , and Only God knows his true intentions . By the trend of things , Obama is either incompetent ( which I do NOT think- I know he is intelligent ) or he is deliberately trying to cause the collapse of the United States by destroying its economy with policies that have saved no money and seemingly do little . 
Only God know Obama's true intentions , but by the trend of things , it looks like he is trying to collapse the economy . He's not a dumb guy- he knows what he is doing . 
Things fare badly for our beloved country . How about starting with ending money printing , NEVER doing quantitative easing ever again , having someone with economics and business experience run the federal reserve , stop buying bonds from the Goldman Sachs , getting rid of national health care , and cutting funding for unnecessary projects until things are right again . 
I'm ready to infect the Big Apple . NYC will never be the same . 
" As you have sown your seed in the ground , I too will sow my seed in you . " Dwight Schrute- The Office 
" Life is a path , Death a destination " 
Let's be clear on this : OBAMA did NOT kill Bin Laden . An American soldier , who Obama just a few weeks ago was debating on whether or not to PAY , did . Obama just happened to be the one in office when our soldiers finally found OBL and took him out . This is NOT an Obama victory , but an AMERICAN victory !! REPOST IF YOU AGREE !!!! 
has now changed his language preference to upside down English . 
" Ideas are bulletproof . " 
Ladies and gentlemen , marriage is the union of a man and a woman before God and not the union of a female to a female or a man to a man . Therefore so called " same-sex marriage " is not real and is an incorrect term . The legal joining of same-sex partners is more accurate . However , a union of this nature is unnatural and against the natural order of things ( not to mention unholy ) . 
The Phantom of the Opera in Manhattan , New York City was phenomenal . IT was like an explosion of music and light in my brain . One of my prized experiences . 
The man of honor has ingrained within the fabric of his soul a perpetuating , perceptive personification of Justice ; that steadfast warrior standing strong side by side with insightful serendipitous truth . A non-quieting Justice is the hallmark of a righteous man . 
Happy Mother's day ! :D 
Thoughts about the Honor Board anyone ? 
Death smiles at everyone . Marines smile back . 
Marines don't die , they just go to hell and regroup . 
Amazing that an invisible , omnipotent , omnipresent , and omniscient being thought to create such a lowly , weak creature as I . He then went on to even say that I was perfect , not to mention love me and all his creation unconditionally . Too be we gone and screwed it up . Thank Jesus : ) 
I am so glad and thankful to be done with my sophomore year . It went by so fast , but the last few hours went by so slow ... GLAD TO BE DONE . Thank you NMMI for everything you've thrown at me . 
" This is our Alma Mater , this is out stalwart institute . We'll have her always on our way- memories are with us day by day ... " 
In the Greyhound station in Roswell . Just waiting for the bus now . Thank God i'm going home . 
At home , watchin ' TV , playing videogames , running outside in the neighborhood . Good to be home . 
I just LOVE shopping at the mall with spastic girls . HA . but it WAS fun 
At my best friend's house . what a GREAT time 
Those beauteous , bountiful blessings bestowed on bent and broken man are beautiful . 
Thank you Jesus for everything you've given me . You bless me around every corner . Thank you especially for my grandparents , my parents , my friends brian Brian Matthew Rankin , Gerar Mazarakis , and Dina Aouad . : ) 
Death Note is now my favorite show . 
America is facing a sad future . ( and Obama isn't making it better ) 
... I'm Kira . 
“For me apples [ are ] like cigarettes and liquor for humans . If I’m deprived I go into withdrawals . ” -Ryuk 
Sometimes you've just got to sigh and wait it out ... 
yaaay my fishing trip was fun :) 
CANT WAIT FOR SUMMER !!! :P 
LIKE A BOSS !! 
YAY ... ANOTHER 6 HOUR TRIP >>> AND THIS TIME ITS NOT GOING TO BE A GOOD TRIP CUZ IM HEADIN BACK TO SCHOOL > 
what a cutie 
It ' so ... NOT good to be back 
" I'm about to drop the hammer- and dispense some indiscriminate justice ! " 
EPINEPHRINE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
" Gather round my children and you shall hear the tale of Private First Class LaRovere " 
-DeLuca 
Happy Clown Day NMMI ! 
Life is good . 
I <3 the ENDOCRINE SYSTEM !! 
A true friend can go long periods of time withoutspeaking and never question their friendship . And pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been ........ REPOSTif you are lucky enough to have at least one . 
First person to like this , you will be my profile pic for the day . Second person your last name will be my last name for 2 days . Third person can dare me to do one thing . Put this on your status if you dare . 
I like to see a man proud of the place in which he lives . I like to see a man live so that his place will be proud of him . ~ Abraham Lincoln 
I am quite possibly one of the worst players of COD the world has ever seen 
blood blisters all over my arms ... hm wonder what thats from ? XD 
' Aint life just peachy ?? 
Sometimes you have to get to know someone really well to realize you're really strangers . ~ Mary Tyler Moore 
Wow the past 24 hours have been VERY interesting :D 
My COD skills are improving ! XD YAY ! 
hey who of my friends has skype ??? i need more contacts !! haha 
Has a wonderful day tomorrow ! The movies with my girlfriend and then we get to hang out at my house ! :D Can't wait ! 
So far my days wonderful ! :D We just ate dinner ! 
Oh , the comfort - the inexpressible comfort of feeling safe with a person - having neither to weigh thoughts nor measure words , but pouring them all right out , just as they are , chaff and grain together ; certain that a faithful hand will take and sift them , keep what is worth keeping , and then with the breath of kindness blow the rest away . ~ Dinah Craik , A Life for a Life , 1859 
Just had an amazing date with my beautiful girl 
" Remember comrads- In Soviet Russia , Vodka drinks you ! " Jordan Toles 
one last visit with Emily then I leave for school tomorrow night :P 
CANT BELIEVE SUMMERS ALMOST OVER !!!! 
This weekend will be fun . Can't wait till sunday 
. . . D: 
Gotta go back to NMMI tomorrow ... oh boy . ( its too early ... ) But on the bright side I got to drive today ! :D 
This thing said " what's on your mind ? " before i wrote anything in it . The first thing that came to mind was , " well ... alot . " 
Time Capsule 
walked about 14 miles around NMMI yesterday- with a 45 pound ruck sack- for the Cancer March . YAY ! Im comfortably sore :) 
Excellence , here I come ! XD 
me + you = boot in the rear end 
" Yeaaah ... My higher power ! The world is spinnin ' but I'm not a afraid ! " 
" Remember comrades- In Soviet Russia , Vodka drinks you ! " Jordan Toles 
AOCDRING TO RSCHEERCH AT CMABRIGDE UINERVTISY , IT DSEN " T MTAETR WAHT OERDR THE LTTERES IN A WROD ARE , THE OLNY IPROAMTNT TIHNG IS TAHT THE FRSIT AND LSAT LTTER BE IN THE RGHIT PCLAE . TISHS IS BCUSEAE THE HUAMN MNID DEOS NOT RAED ERVEY LTETER BY ISTLEF , BUT THE WROD AS A WLOHE . IF YOU CAN ... RAED TISH PSOT IT TO YUOR WLAL . OLNY 55% OF PLEPOE CAN 
One more week in a blazing inferno of boredom and mediocrity 
whaaat a great day 
Getting my permit tomorrow . Drivers of Arizona ... brace yourselves . 
Where has all the rum gone !? 
almost there ! ... one more day ! :P 
finally freakin ' home !! 
I now officially have my permit ! IM NOW STREET LEGAL !! :D 
MERRY CHRISTMAS ! GOD BLESS EVERYONE ! 
does anyone know who luna lovegood from harry potter is ? the movies , specifically 
I have discovered the cure to joy and cheer . Muahaha ! 
Greater love hath no man than this , that a man lay down his life for his friends 
God is good . 
Flame Guard is good . I can tell the difference already . I know I can do it- question is whether I will take it serious . The answer is yes . 
Hey who from CPA is planning to go to UofA for college ?? I wanna know cuz I plan on going there . To do MCROTC . 
Chocolate chip cookie dough . 
Bataan practice is an experience I will never regret . The Memorial march itself is something I will always remember . 
Oh boy ... I have a formal this weekend , but my grandparents are visiting , so that makes up for it . 
