<3 August 
Charlie Sheen is hilarious and gradually going insane 
Sleep is powerful 
when you fly in a plane and look down on cities ; one wonders about the beauty of the cosmos . How can this not be mapped out by mystery ? 
late night coffee , and 600 page book on quantum computing ; fuck my life . 
is totally livin ' it ; whatever it is . I'm living ! 
Gabriel 
John William Godward 
so many coding systems ; what's the deal with analytics ? 
if people , don't believe ; art would be nothing more than a hobby 
two strings ; one chord . 
thank you , Noam Chomsky 
my prayers goes out to the people of Japan . 
P2 . f ( PRESENT ) 
art is art ; nothing more . Pooh-heads ! 
null sets ! poop 
the fragile link between sleep and death . 
I need a room by myself 
this week's terrible things to hear ; some girl talking about Friday 
misses his Slovenia friend ; where are you my little gypsy 
end ( S)NZ 
Ireland . 
Krishna had 16100 wives ; wow , I thought , 16099 was enough 
" I see you , but can you see me ? " 
lovely times at Barnes N ' Noble . 
meeting random girls in the woods is great . 
Persephone 
just finished watching Zu Warriors ; what a strange movie . Deja vu 
ambition is stupid ; why , do people insist that you should be something ? But in fact , being something is simple ; I really need to leave this world , and venture into the wilderness . 
there is some odd trick to this world . 
loves it when his philosophy professor curses the New Age movement ; people who grew-up in the 80s must've had a rough time with Yanni . That Greek sensitive man . 
I applaud Dr. Amit Goswami ; amazing documentary . If anyone , who haven't seen " The Quantum Activist " ; it's a must see . If anyone , if anyone at all is interested in oneness or destroying the stupid conception of duality in the mind/body problem . 
80s music is pure art ; amazing 
hello future ; I think , I need to know you . 
God is God . That's not complicated ; what's more complicated is his garden . 
Lotus born ; 

a flower of a thousand sands . 
And they all knew her ; as a simple thing . 
She bathed and clothed simply ; where shadows lit deem . 
Where light shined her beauty ; under cloths that was her own . 
To bring death a flower show . What's there ; she hears ... 
Dancing winds balancing to grow . 
India's tiger population ' on the rise ' is the best headline he's heard for a long time . 
w : k 5/6 [ 749 ] Q 
Kyoto or Tokyo ? 
a samurai in the jungle of Vietnam is food for Panthers . 
I want the world's money 
leaders are easily replaced ; leadership , that's a whole different story 
got my flute ; now , it's time to get serious 
wow , Xavier University looks pretty interesting right about now . 
the Midwest of the North : is a homely place . Mixed with Puritan values , Native American shaman , Oriental influence , and blah blah blah ... cold air 
analytic philosophy vs . synthetic philosophy 
note to self : red-haired girls equals lame sauce 
I think , I can stare at a Vermeer forever . 
I wish I was insane . It'd make life simple 
white ( h . and p . ) light holes 
what is the diet of Flemish painters ? They are unbelievable ; I can't get enough of Holland . Take me to the Netherlands ! 
so much energy pulsating through my body ; must find a way to control this feeling . I feel like a cloud waiting to explore into nothing . 
this world is so amazing ; I'm stilling behind a desk typing at the screen words I don't even understand because I'm totally lost and foreign . What's going on , seriously ? 
two star crossed lovers . 
if its going to take me 30 some years to understand this ; I will do it . I have no regrets ; just hoping that I can retain my sanity to write what is needed . 
NEOW generation !!!!! fuck 
just read a sign that said , " Are you tough enough to wear pink ? " Sure , what am I wearing other than the colour pink . Funny girls ; always wanting to push it over the edge to insanity . 
two//cats ( fairies ) elves 
the first 2 mins of lyrics to King of Carrot Flowers are amazing 
I just want to travel across the U.S. ; I don't want a 9-5 . I want adventure and the allure of meeting strangers and seeing nothing but the blue sky . all this in a station-wagon 
I just want a tiny giraffe 
has rediscovered Velcro shoes ; is down with tying shoes 
was just looking through my library , and I was wondering why do I have a book on Inflammation and Diseases of Connective Tissues . what a strange book ; I don't think I have any care for the bio-medical field unless it deals in the realm of the technology that is being used and/or theorized about . strange 
Abstractrealism 
people have really fancy names . I wish I had a fancy name 
thanks Facebook but I don't want to study homeopathy ; not to be confused with a sexually charged path for homosexual behavior , but a medical study on diseases and drugs . I will stick with physics and philosophy ; and hone my vision with art . Leave it to the professional professionals ; I'm a amateur at best 
I want to be lost in India 
survival food : eggs , bread , and water 
the beauty of things ; I was walking the other day in Island Park . I saw two small children playing with each other . One was a blonde child ; she was consistently faster than the other . Moving and swaying in a way that mimic the motion of a ballet dancer . ( after 6 months spent studying ballet ) I was mesmerized by her motion . Strange beauty in uncertain ways ; it is wonderful to see young children play 
if anyone , who hasn't read the I-ching and didn't stab them self ; should reread it and stab them self . Not because the book promotes self-destructive behavior , but it's a chronicle for all men . Imposing on the idea that humane beings know what the world ' man ' means ; and for that I am not psycho . Just noting ; that there are tougher books than the Bible . Thank you , and good night 
unbelievable ; fractals are so beautiful . 
poopy butt fungus is not real ; it's a compound of three words that are subjectively humorous to say . People seriously lay off ; if I said poopy butt fungus . Am I guilty of immaturity ? Possibly , but it doesn't make me crazy . 
today is one of those days where you feel alright to roll around naked . Not because its a special day , but the thought of not wearing clothes and rolling around is wonderful . I once , rolled around with clothes on and it was terrible . Worse experience ever ! 
is excited for the summer ; I need to invest in buying a house 
the Nintendo 3ds is great ; onto the next humane experiment ! 
coffee break ! 
neat times . 
precious moments . 
who was that strange girl at Barnes N ' Noble . 
who knew that running at 5:30 in the morning makes you feel wonderful . I love life . 
really needs to explore more of North Dakota . 
it is strange how a being like humane beings ; are the way they are . 
really hopes he gets the apt . 
had the strangest conversation today ; a story about a man from Nepal who carries around a 2 liter Coke bottle ( cut ) when he goes to the bathroom . He doesn't use toilet paper ; so he washes his butt-hole with his own hands . Like how parents did for their kids ; who aren't fortunate enough for diapers . 
the paradox of Professor X : 
really wants to go to a protest and hold up a sign with complicated equations expressed in some ancient language . giving the value that one or two persons out of the protest would understand the meaning of the expressed idea . 
not only are bears powerful ; now they are able to carry a stick and beat you to death with it . What is this call Mr. Darwin ; evolution ? 
How the Buddha works 
Happy New Year ! 
