Just ate a Happy Meal and lovin ' it . ^_^ 
just saw a full rainbow from her front yard ! 
is drawing a picture of Nick Jonas ( FOR A FRIEND !!! ) 
hopes she wouldn't have to go anywhere anytime soon ( crossing fingers ) . 
is slightly afraid of her midterm tests . 
is tired . Long day indeed . 
had to clip off her super-long nails . At least it's easier to type ! 
WAS UP AT FIVE THIS MORNING . OUTSIDE . THANK GOD FOR HOT CHOCOLATE . 
Painting kids ' faces was awesome ! They squirm around a lot , though . ^_^ 
My hair is now long enough to put in a ponytail ! ( though it is very short :P ) 
I love to draw people's pictures . ( PS : I don't charge ! :D ) 
just got back from a HAUNTED HOUSE in Ocilla ( cheesy , but fun ! ) 
Today was an awesome day . 
Back still hurts . ( the painful pain ! ) 
Won't be going to school tomorrow , gotta take daddy to the airport for him to go to Iraq . I give him my best wishes for his new job . 
" If you live to be a hundred , I would want to live to be 100 minus 1 day , so I never have to live without you . " -Winnie the Pooh He can teach us many things . 
Oh yeah , I'm exempt from all my finals . My holidays have already started ^_^ 
I yelled at a spoon under your bed because I'm AWESOME ! 
Going to Valdosta Airport today to bring Daddy home . Happiness levels have excelled capacity . :D 
IT'S SNOWING . OH MY GOD . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzq3srbYEUY&feature=related 
Love is friendship on fire <3 
Cherry . 
hates how Hollywood believes that making a remake of a great film makes it even better . In most cases , it fails miserably . 
loves the cold weather ? 
Piglet : How do you spell love ? Pooh : You don't spell love , you feel it . ? 
is feeling better , though her body feels like it's made of lead . 
Guess who finally got her learner's permit ? :D 
It's sad when you're the oldest and you now receive hand-me-downs from both of your gargantuan younger siblings :/ 
" Millions long for immortality who do not know what to do with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon . " -Susan Ertz 
Thanks to everyone who wished me a very happy birthday ! (: 
PS : Before this year , I have received " birthday licks . " Now I see why .. >_< 
Bronchitis isn't fun . :( 
Look up to the sky and what do I see ? 
Something that resembles King Kong crossing his arms Gansta-style . 
Lesson learned : Cloud watching CAN be crazy-awesome . 
Why hello , Facebook . It's been a while hasn't it ? 
No matter how many times you've used it , you will always jump when the toaster is done toasting . Don't think your too cool for it . 
Mom : " That's not a daddy longlegs , that's a spider from Hell ! " 
Just got back from my little brother's first soccer game . 2-1 yay ! 
serendipity ( n . ) 
1 . good luck in making unexpected and fortunate discoveries 
2 . currently my favoritest word in the universe 
Just got back from her procedure . Remember kids : Having your big toe freeze-sprayed , completely numbed and wrapped up will cause you to walk like a peg-leg pirate . 
