I cant wait till tomoz . Afternoon with friends will be amazing and the evening with family and friends . It will indeed be nice yeyyyyyyyyyyy 
Ive been at relies all day . Its soooo hot I hate this heat . Looking forward to starting college now . 
hmmm :| 
Having alot of trouble with this damn game , girls and war games should not mix :| 
bored bored bored Im meeting Charlie we are coming to get peeps out . 
all my neighbours on farmville have dissappeared 
So many parties in the last week they have all been amazing but i need to rest Im foooooooked . I sound so manly thismorning 
pfffffff , boooreddddd ........ 
job hunting , wondering if that " all japaneese place " will hire a blonde :D 
Cant stop laughing , it hurts :D 
Boshhhhhh take that suckerrrrrrrr 
has only gone and put hairspray under her arms instead of deodorant ... :\ 
I gave blood today . They took an armfull 
Great weekend . Lots of fun with fun people . 
Bryony is bored ... and misses her foot being fondled by nycole .... 
when was our story board thing in for ruth ? 
oh what to do with an 8 and 10 yearold ? :S 
flashing that poor grandma and josette unable to run from laughing too much :D dam my chest and loose zip 
Wow what a weekend . And a great week coming up too I cant wait . BLACKPOOL with SARAHHHHHHHHHHHHH 
just seen the film 2012 . it was so good :D 
Kruid Notens :\ .... bedankt ! 
Is quitting Biology , its not what she thought it would be :) 
Facebook raped :) 
college is open but is anyone actually going ? 
hope its a snow day tomorrow :D ( Y ) 
17 and i still dont know how to do alot of things ... its worrying . 
Exam first thing on my day off , an unsuccessful day at job hunting and to top things off got pooed on by a bird ( N ) 
fed up waitinggg ... I want this certificate . 
would gladly have sunburn ... fed up of the cold 
Arnold Schwartzinegger ; I have just found out its true ... how could he let himself be seen as pregnant in a movie .. what ever I felt for him has gone ! 
small talk is so shit ... grouchy much 
Mine and becca's tuppence a special moment for the both of us x 
I swear All you are capable of saying is lol ... its stupid 
aand it all starts again ... :\ , woop de do , monday 
well ... last night was eventful : L 
:D , well Bryony is chirpy :) getting the christmas tree down allready , bit early but i love decorations !! 
got het art back from cooper , mums putting every final piece on the walls ( Y ) 
aaarrrg , swimming yesterday and I had to go and eat a huge dinner ... I now feel like a flump . 
seriously what is the point in homework , home time is chill time , not carry on school time :) 
omg geaety night , i actuallt love these guys :) you're amazing , I'm finnallly perffect :) yey xxxxx 
... well that was friendly 
Loves sarah Greenal lots :D 
Love the sunshineee :D 
finally :) , It took long enough :) 
love love , there'll be today :D x 
Off on an adventure ... we're going on a bear hunt , we're going to catch a big one , what a beautiful day . I'm not scared 
falling asleep on a hammock in the garden on your side = half a red face , waking up falling off it and laughing like a tit :) good job 
must stop getting fraped by Lucy Ashmore-Harris and Lauren Stanford :| ... just described her smoking hot pizza as " omfg , thats as hot as my Boyfriend .. ouch !! " 
Just got Fraped by lucy .... 
sarahs nutty ;) , hopefully the bubbles will work tomorrow :) 
Is stuck in Holland because of Volcanic ash ... flights cancelled till monday afternoon ... 
had a great night happy birthday to Mr Davies :) met some epic people x 
I wish andreano was my instuctor when we go skiing :( , Nycole scourfield is getting some love ;) xx 
Is scared of a cartoon and being comforted by an 8 year old :D 
Needs to chill out a bit 
I had a great night tonight , thanks for everyone for coming :D goood night ....... bryony megan price needs to sleep :D she's working in the morning :D xxx 
Is actually extreamly happy :D :D :D !!. 
getting the new kitten on friday :D 
Just got back from London with a coach load of actors and singers , saw Legally Blonde at the theatre it was awsome ! 
if a turtle and a tortoise had a baby , would it be a tortle ? 
people who talk down to you are not worth it :) 
4 days till results .... 4days to see which way my life goes .. nervous is an understatement for how I'm feeling :'( 
Well spank me silly and call me a flapjack 
Nope ... I cant dance to save my life :) 
arm throbs like a bitch 
EEEEE finally 18 , thanks to everyone for the birthday messages :D xx 
hamster ... anyone ? going once ... going twice ? 
In Holland with my fiancé ! 
when doing childcare at college ( full time ) how many days a week are you in college and placement ? any info on this would be greatly appreciated x 
ok , anyone in the group who is coming to see the film ' vampires suck ' where and when are we meeting please ? thankyou x 
whats better ... doing something that could be concidered dangerous , that will make you happy .... or doing something thats safe but you don't enjoy ? 
worst week everrr .. 
Nice Little outing with Nycole and Becky .... twat for burning my finger :D 
has packed her bag .. its far too big , and has all the information about the trip thanks to josette today :) 
ok 2 months ago i used hairspray instead of deoderant ... now its antiseptic spot cream instead of toothpaste .... fml ! 
Not looking forward to carting this monitor around with me for the next few days :( 
herbert the pervert .. and hector brucklebank :) he was so fit with his one tooth 
has had a great afternoon out , sunburnt a little 
feeling kinda left out today , Missing switzerland tbh and my mates :\ 
Leaving a big bowl full of nutella at the breakfast buffet is such a bad idea when I'm about ... sorry I hogged it kiddies x 
Omg pink was awsome !! had the best night ever !... " A small guitar means whaaaat !? " 
oh Peter Bagnall you have cheered me up tonight :) thankyou darling , oh and btw you cant have him ;) 
right please , i'm doing a bet and i need your wink faces pleeeaaasssseee ;) just one message with a wink is all it takes 
a very busy decision making week ahead :) bring it on 
someone got into my face book .... not cool : @ 
Just lost the game ... 
Is looking forward to Spain ..... i really can't wait 
Ryan Payne in response to your text ; hahahahhhHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH !!! she'll be gutted and we'll be unable to breath from laughing ... R . I . P RRB 
is shaking the milk when you take it out of the fridge before using it wierd ? 
* sighs * there's so much nice food in the house but i can't touch untill Erik van Nijnatten gets here ..... * grumble * 
looking forward to the film :) 
eeee cant wait for tomorrow !! 
Family just bought a £130 cat play house ..... that cat is spoilt 
ever get that feeling that although you've slept you havn't rested :( 
Cant wait till tomorrow :) ... Knee swollen up again D: 
there is not one fat disney princess .... disgusting ! 
Lucy Bradbury .. well ... oil ... beef ... hooked , you kn ow you loved it ! 
AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHRRRRRRRRRRRGGGHHHHHHHTTTTTTTT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
no mother ... is you get a hairless cat you can not call it scrote ! :O 
Quite happy testing Eriks new cocktails :D 
Now stuck till Monday evening in Holland ... :S 
Cant sleep .... 
its difficult to revise when microsoft word is in Dutch and I HAVE NO CLUE HOW TO CHANGE IT ... -.- 
totally shocked to see Lucy Ashmore-Harris at the airport yesterday , she was lovely enough to give me a skin flake <3 :} 
Guten morgen Frau Hickman , 
Wie Gehts ? 
gut danke and ihnen ? 
ja ! geht mir gut gefalt !!! 

* Lucy Likes it semi .... mow mow mow 
whats better ... doing something that could be concidered dangerous , that will make you happy .... or doing something thats safe but you don't enjoy ? 
Dear twattish blonde guy , 
Wow , somebody has a huge ego , look mate you're not fit and when you stole that drink i actually wanted to hurt you it's lucky you were dragged away by your fellow arse head mates to the dance floor because i was ready to make you cry you massive douche ! 
sincerely bryony . 
still awake ... 
Don't you just hate that mini spazz attack you have in bed just before you're about to go to sleep , it feels like your falling ? 
has had a lush day tbh :) .... appart from getting insulted by a 5 year old with jack ... bad times ! 
Finally got the kitten . he is so affectionate its unreal , I'm actually in love <3 
Is loving being at home , not so loving the amount of work 
well , long week ahead ... 
wow , big crater in the side of my knee fun fun fun !!!! :D 
has a rather cloudy head right now . Needs to have a little think :) . ught work tomorrow 
christmas shopping ...... done :D 
How about i tattoo your face onto my face then i can look like you :D 
POLICE ARE GOING AROUND PUBS AND CLUBS SAYING THAT WE CANT WEAR OUR ENGLAND TOPS 4 THE FOOTIE & GOTTA TAKE THE FLAGS DOWN AS IT IS UPSETTING THE PEOPLE THAT DONT COME FROM HERE !! NOW I'M NOT RACIST , BUT THIS IS TAKING THE PISS ! THIS IS OUR COUNTRY AND WE NEED 2 MAKE A STAND . IF YOU/THEY DONT LIKE IT GO AWAY ! WOULD YOU REMOVE UR TURBAN & BURKHA BECAUSE IT UPSETS ME , IF YOU AGREE POST THIS AS UR STATUS 
Hahahaha tensil tonnis :D , i still cant believe you face planted the door , oh you " posh bastard " ...... nice little slap there , you must of had an extended arm <3 
i need to sneeze but it's taking ages face <3 you 
Hates ignorance ! 
seriously considering deleting facebook .... it's stupid ! 
Is it really really pathetic to say I miss my cat :'( <3 
I cry at the 9/11 tribute program on t.v every year :'( 
aaaarrrrggghhh !! being a kid was so much easier !! 
come on snow ! 
Yey wedding soon , cant wait ... tried to fit into my river boat cruise dress , could hardly breath and broke it :( gutted ... need to wake up and get in the mood - knackered though , what a fatty 
you know when your diet has officially started when the rest of your family are munching on fish and chips and you refrain yourself :-) 
good times ! 
Great night with Ami santos , Nycole scourfield , Becky cross and Chloe Francis :D , garden hopping and the man from next door watching us :D 
Needs coffee ... seriously cant live without it atm 
i just want to curl up and die , my tummy hurts so much :( 
All the good things in life are either illegal , immoral or fattening :\ 
Its horrible how long the night actually is when you can't sleep ... got so bored I went on a run nice 
keep Your chin up Darling , it will be over soon then things will really take off :) xx 
is currently with Lucy Ashmore-Harris and Lauren Stanford :D 
is being convinced by an 8 year old that i should buy starwars lego .... oh yeah :P 
If Ive failed , bridging week will just be one big waste of time :( ... gutted 
Christmas is going to be hectic ... 4 days untill it all starts , so much to do , so little time arrrgghht ! 
I like playing with my piss flaps . 
paint on a little toenail as i don't have one .... capital gained tax is so unfair taking 40% is so wrong how can you cheat the sytem ? paying in alittle at a time or does it would that not work ? 
Saw a sting ray in the sea and freaked out thinking that my fate would be that of Steve erwin .... fml 
Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination . 
congratulations Erik van Nijnatten i'm so proud of you ! officially a pilot now <3 
you're just one of those people that are now very easy to dislike , stop being so full of yourself you're rally not that great 
Nice little look at some turtles , found a hidden beach in some caves , and was nibbled by some hungry fish ... scary experience I must say 
Must get into driving again :) 
Bryony price and Lauren Stanfords livers ' hate them 
i fancy Lauren Stanford very much she is a sexy beast n is hardcore in bed ;) 
are you single and looking for love ? i'm married and looking for cake 
Just got back from the gig , feeling drousy :) 
D: what is the world coming to , Ive lost my mascara !!! 
Wow ... if the cat winces when he smells my feet .... they really must be bad :S 
Had a fight with a vending machine ... obviously I won 
Wow some people are really hypocritical , patronising and contradictive :'( 
Dear slags at the bar , 
I'd appreciate it if you didnt accidently-on-purpose spill water over your boobs and cackle like hyenas on heat ... an keep your legs closed if you please 
yours truely , 
The scowling Girl in the corner 
Expecting the jourey home to be much longer .... not too bad :) 
ooooh dear :'( 
Has dropped a knife on her little toe :'( 
Has just had the wierdest day at work ever ... 
Fraped Pipa ' Beepa ' Moran ... and woke up with Lucy Ashmore-Harris cuddling her arm 
Walkers crisps , halfing the bag is one thing , but making the packet look big by adding more air ?!..... you're not fooling anyone ;) 
Hi diet , welcome back ... Ive missed you 
mua ha ha , i knew i'd find you eventually .. and ... stalk 
Right , apparently , if you run too fast instead of burning chubb you end up doing a cardio vascular excercise , is there truth in this because if so , Ive been out of breath , getting up early and damn near killing myself for nothing ! 
Dear customers , 
Having a person that smiles and says please and thankyou costs so little but means so much ... having a person poke you for attention when clearly your busy , call the shop pathetic for not having the size they want and rudely forgetting manners makes me hate your guts .... thanks <3 
Wow Brian , crocks and socks thats going to take hold sooon :') 
oh bryony ..... never drink again \: ) ahahhaaa 
fish , chips and chocolate trifle vs slimfast and fruit 1-0 bollocks ! 
ahhhh sun burn 
Pigs in blankets , pizza and a bill from Switzerland .... eeeeep :( 
Trout tickling is actually a sport not a sexual inuendo ... 
Cant stop smiling :) 
pppfffft , great , just great ... 
Been for a run ... Didnt actually stop . legs like jelly :) 
Ha you batty little dork , when did you start using slang words to fit in .. :') 
green gnomes .... if you understand you know what i'm asking ? 
Monday 24th January , Holland get ready for me :D 
reckons anti-wrinkle cream doesn't work . If it did , women wouldn't have any fingerprints . 
Went to see the last AirBender with Lucy Ashmore-Harris , we really shouldn't have laughed at the bit " there are only 5 Benders left , use Him wisely " ... good times 
The bit in Monsters inc where they end up in the back where the bedroom doors are kept was so inspired by the You've Been Framed intro 
cereal or eggs ? 
got all filthy making a bow and arrow for serena , it's suprisingly good and fires about 15 meters . i was covered in mud , mini slugs and old leaves 
I cant actually get over the wierd conversations we had last night LOL ! 
Excited much !! ahaa :D 
this time tommorrow I will know if I'm one big failure ... 
LOL , you're not only anti-jew your anti psychic octopus 
anyone able to swap with me tomorrow Ive got a BBQ to go to and its tomorow , this is to the sunday guys xx 
Oh essays , how I have missed you over summer <3 ... 
finally going to bed 
so if you cut out all salt and carbs in your diet it makes you have no fat and just muscle ? hmm good idea but i like cake 
found out that i'm only 5'6 . 5 not 5'7 . 5 .... 
I want a house , thats big , with a modern living room and a corner sofa . and a fish tank that devides the living room and the kitchen ( a neon fish tank ... with stingrays in it ) and a little kitten called charlie !! 
I just pooed all over the kitchen floor then wipped my butt on the curtains . 
G 
has a cold ... feels pretty crappy damn you cold weather ! 
Brian is giving me a lecture about plastic bags , maths , german , the cats feelings , spanish and putting things in the bin and model trains ...... * cries softly * fml 
Never eating Pizza again ... ever ! bluurr 
cant breath from laughing .... 
Dear 8 year olds , Get off of facebook and go back to club penguin ! 
feels very unwell with a high temperature :( 
Had a bad reaction to a sting or a bite off something , my foot has gone all red :( fml it hurts to walk ! 
" mmm this garlic bread is fun and much prettier than carrots " wow my dutch is good :P 
Had a lovely strole with Jake Whiting to his car only to be dropped back off at work it was .... magical :') 
so gingers are genetically inferior .... wow 
is quitting college ... and is so sure about her decision :) 
Had an absolutely awsome time in airkix with my lovely Erik :D 
Rachel ' Batchel ' Large Becca Armstrong Bouncy castle FTW ! :D 
I like our Harry Potter cheesy chat up line Georgie May Hewston ;) 
i like cheesy nipples <3 
Ok here's the 
thing .... i had a few jegarmeister shots on my 18th and thought it was a 
great idea to get a hamster yesterday ..... i've got a new cage , ball , 
food , hamster bed and bedding and sawdust ( 1 months worth ) selling for 
£30 ... did pay £45 for it .... anyone .... ANYONE interested ?.... The hamster 
is a syrian female 8 weeks old and she's white and 
Ok here's the thing .... i had a few jegarmeister shots on my 18th and thought it was a great idea to get a hamster yesterday ..... i've got a new cage , ball , food , hamster bed and bedding and sawdust ( 1 months worth ) selling for £30 ... did pay £45 for it .... anyone .... ANYONE interested ?.... The hamster is a syrian female 8 weeks old and she's white and golden 
currently sat with Lucy Ashmore-Harris on the sofa laughing and watching BB 
Now I know I'm going back to college .. Ive got homework to do ... yey 
and its soon to be the start of another rubbish week . Bring it on 
Is hoping that work will be decent . 
i'm an impulsive go-getter .... bite me ;) 
passes out .... zzzz 
So excited about seeing everyone again . So not looking forward to starting holiday homework 
anyone else still awake ? 
wow , i pull the most attractive faces when i stretch 
Very happy , :) smiling and feeling pretty peachy 
yey , working tomorrow , the next day and the next :D 
if you want to play it like a game well come on come on lets play .. 
Dear friend , 
I 
don't really know how to tell you this , but i'm in love with your cat . i 
think i realised it when i quoted Forest Gump , at the mental hospital 
and I saw you sit on my knee caps . I'm sure you're senile enough to 
understand that ... 
I'm allergic to your earlobes . I'm returning the false teeth to you , 
but I'll keep Your photo with the mustache drawn on it as a memory . 
how about a get a tattoo of your face on my face coz then i could look like you ! :3 
Lucy Ashmore-Harris do you fancy comeing around for a * wiggles little finger * blu lu lu 
why will nothing load .... AAAAGGGHHRGHHHGHGH !!!!!!! 
the box said ash blonde ....... not gray !!! fml , hopefully it will fade 
whats that series coming out in october called ? its about a chinese woman who's an assassin and her husband gets murdered so she goes all crazy killing people 
slipped on a slug jogging this morning and jarred my knee , it still hurts fml 
" urght , i'm not in that kind of mood , i've got a headache ..... " 
" well i've got enough mood for the both of us " ;) 
Behind every successful man is a surprised woman . 
if you wanna play it like a game , well come on , come on lets play ! 
Dear Icebergs , 
Sorry to hear about the global warming . Karma's a bitch . 
Sincerely , The Titanic 
bed right away ! <3 
LOL at the inbetweeners ! 
Imagination is more important than knowledge . Knowledge is limited . Imagination encircles the world . 
~ Albert Einstein 
Last summer we set up a clinic for colonic irrigation ...... but the hose pipe ban hit us hard 
Rolling around naked in money , hellz yeah . 
it's so frustrating when you try and point to where something has gone that your cats lost ... and the little twit only looks at your finger ! 
routine contradictions like snowflakes in the rain . 
wow .... there's a mouthwash called retardex ... LMFAO ! 
:\ ... 
dear cameras , 
at different angles i take photos why do you add weight to my face ? there is no reason to do this and it makes nobody happy . 
yours faithfully Bryony 
oh i love that little fake pose you do , just reminds me how truely pathetic you were :') 
last day over at work ... :P 
decided she wants a fennec fox as a pet :D 
Dancing like a loon in Eriks room to neunundneunzig luftballons !! :D 
!!!!!.... just lost the game :\ 
dont have sex , because you will get pregnant ..... and die ! <3 
oh Wagner why ! why are you still in ! 
man gets an ipod .... woman gets an iron :( 
can't wait for Rosie Judge's gangster party :D and also knows the perfect gift ( dead shrew optional ) 
birthdays on tuesday ..... :( wait till the weekend ! :D :D 
" but , but bryony maybe three of us could " 
" Lies ! " * evil laugh 
" ... what ? " 
" its ok keep the pretty german girl to yourself " 
" vat is vis all de gold and red and green in your shop ?! ver are de other colours ? dis is too limited ! " 
... well , it's christmas ... these and christmassy colours , it will continue to get more festive 
" !!!... * massive sigh * " 
glad to be seeing her man next week for 3 weeks solid :) 
12 days untill i go to Holland :O wow that came around quick , i cant wait 
would rather like to have another day at The Cooper School , :) , good times 
haha , and YOU think you're a pimp .... that's made my day :') 
ah frapes :') 
oh Lauren Stanford why are we so the same ? * smothers giggles * 
is cooking with Lucy Ashmore-Harris ... hoping to make a cake , lets see what happens ;) 
whats the full name of our manager emily ? i'm doing a leaving notice letter 
Don't be someone your not just to be liked ... always be yourself , things are better that way :) 
overtime ... you life saver ! :D 
yey Dutch Dora the explorer dvd's , thanks Erik <3 x 
omg , crying my eyes out at x factor " we can be heroes " :'( 
Today is the tomorrow you were worried about yesterday . It really isn't bad , no point in worrying , live life to the full , forget the ones who try and break you down . 
mum " No Bryony that's not a bit of garden it's a bayleaf " 
woooo hoooo tonights gunna be a good night 
ok are you encouraging me to dress up as a bunch of grapes because : 
it's great idea 
i'm the special child tht you feel sorry for and want to love 
you just want to laugh at me ? 
" racheal why is your cat in a bowl ? " 
" it's not a cat , i'm defrosting a chicken " 
:') 
omg i just love the difference between Joe Dixeys snow/skateboarding and mine ... it's like " woah , i can spin and go fast and even step off gracefully at the bottom " and that " woah , i can wobble alot then fall flat on my arse in 3 seconds " YASH ! skill ... pure skill 
going to the gig . Lucy Ashmore-Harris is around . making noise up the stairs giggling 
" My nan just found out about the accident and crapped herself " 
" omg ... she actually pooed ! " 
" ROFLMFAO " 
Oh Christ , work will be fun .... i'm so tired :( 
oooh frapes ! 
I love donkey willys slapped across my face mmm :) soothing . 
your cactus is so emo ...... 
" That's because it's dead " 
is worried Erik wont be able to make it here for christmas .... please snow , wait abit longer :( 
the body decided to get up at 7 this morning ..... the mind however was back at the bar 
With your scintillating mind and my fantastic creativity who knows what we could do =D 
Must have burnt over 2000 calories walking up and down the stairs well over 40 times in a row 
lost 4 pounds ... yey :) 
Thank god you can get the last train ... phew ... only 2 hours to go :D 
yesterday : door + bryony = bump on the head 
today : cupboard + bryony = old bruised bump and new red bump on the head 
:( 
oooh don't you just hate it when you've just finished putting on mascara .... and you sneeze .... lovely little black verticle lines on my cheek -.-' 
Wall-eee ... Eeeeevaaa ... <3 
I've ran out of comebacks so I'm going to correct your spelling :) 
just had a debate with Erik van Nijnatten " if you swallowed a fish live , would you feel it swimming around in your belly before it got dissolved ? " .... i think yes :) 
happily looking forward to playing with my fat hamster :D 
R . I . P Nana D , you will be missed <3 
Why is my hamster suicidal i swear he comes 
up with new ways to try and die every day ! 
made a hamster run out of boxes , bottles and toilet tubes :') oh i'll never grow up 
Damn , i just lost the game .... 
is nice enough to tell you if you have a black mascara eye bogie :) 
Back in bicester :) 
Oh , Bryony had a fantastic night , saw loads of people , and i love you all :D feel abit tipsy .... not going to lie :} xx 
please , somebody get a rolling pin and squash the cricks out of my back .... i'm in pain :( 
almost dropped my hamster into boiling stew ... mmm 
right i need to get to the gym more , i feel like a whale and my WPM has definitely gone up :( 
talks too much , plays too much and trips too much :) 
Was talking about a deep fat fryer in her sleep :') .... oh i'm abit of a special . 
Sex with a geek is the best , geeks have seen all the porn you can imagine and are less likely to be shocked by your exotic requests . 
24 degrees today , pink face and chest for it :) , woo first sunburn of the year ftw ! 
vinny : * bites bryonys finger 
bryony : ouch ! 
1-0 
bryony : * bites vinnys ear * 
vinny : wtf ?! 
1-1 
your move hamster ! 
