Summer School is on again ... second session for Biology ... will wonders never cease ... can now pay for housing at college . 
No Summer School for me ... not enough students signed up ... enrollment was down ... makes paying for college a little harder ... oh well . 
Heading down to my Dad's for the 4th of July ... hoping to find an old friend while there ... got some shocking news for the old man ... not sure how he will take it ... my wife is leaving for Kuwait tomorrow as a civilian contractor to the military in EMS as an 
Paid over $600.00 for a car repair ... a must do thing ... now I feel as though the sky is falling ... wondering when the ton of bricks flattens me out . 
Amy has her orders ... she ships out for Kuwait Thursday . The waiting is over , but the worrying has only just begun . 
Heading back home today ... enjoyed the time seeing old friends and family for the 4th ... get to start teaching summer school later this week . 
In Alabama visiting Family ... waiting to hear more from my wife about her arrival in Kuwait ... really miss her ... love her deeply 
To My Goddess : Love isn't blind , it just only sees what matters . If a tear fell from my eyes , every time i wished you were with me I would have a puddle of fallen wishes at my feet . Through the wind I hear your voice , in the clouds I see your name . Living 
Glad to hear from Amy ... very glad she is safely there ... getting burned out with late nights ... daughter surprised me with a birthday party ... they say I'm Over the Hill now ... I say I'm at the top of the hill looking down on those younger than me climbing up 
Heading in for the first day of school ... lots of new students to terrorize with my expectations of their ability and entertaining teenagers to observe as they struggle to find their self identity . 
Had a good day ... think I made a strong impression on the students that I mean business and expect them to work hard in my class ... no tolerance cell phone policy will be fun enforcing ... so many students are tempted beyond reason to break it ... we will be watching ... we will catch you ... eventually ... you will make mistakes and get caught ... it is only a matter of time .... muuaaahhhhhhhaaahhhhhhahahhh !!!!!!!! :) 
Crushed as though in a Black Hole , burned as though in a Super Nova , Betrayed beyond any Judas 
Leaving for Alabama today ... most likely disconnected for the next five days ... my wife is flying into Kuwait today ... all my love and prayers go with her . 
Don Matuloy just won't give up or back off ... keeps attacking me and robbing me ... the repairs and protection costs are getting a bit much ... have put him on the Hitlist several times , but he keeps coming back at me ... any help would be appreciated ... even wil 
Craig Wood VIRUS WARNING !! DON'T OPEN A MESSAGE WITH A VIDEO CALLED " COOOOL VIDEO " THIS IS A VIRUS THAT IS VERY DESTRUCTIVE . IF YOU GET IT , DELETE IT . IT IS STILL BEING SENT ON TO A LOT OF FB USERS . POST THIS ON YOUR WALL SO WE CAN GET ... THIS VIRUS STOPPED . THANKS TO 
Back from DragonCon ... gotta lot of catching up to do ... taking five days off sure makes things pile up for a teacher . 
You should really be studying for you Biology Test tomorrow ... otherwise it will seriously kick your Gluteous maximus to the moon and back ... :) 
going to bed to get some much needed rest before a long day preparing for summer school 
Many people actually have a hard time correctly naming each of the Seven Deadly Sins , but eventually get them all ... but can you name the Seven Heavenly Virtues that oppose them ? 
Into the darkness I commit Thee , Banished for all eternity , Forever to remit your atrocious Deeds , Into the darkness I commit Thee , To the Dark begone with Thee Unegiyusdi Wahya 
How do you find that which is lost ... Where do you seek when what you find is forbidden .... How do you live when life is taken .... Where do you go when that which is given is refused ... What has meaning when surrounded by so much without purpose ? 
The Sun I shall greet with out stretched arms , through the day I hope to meet smiling faces full of charm 
I am Given , I am Stolen , I am Lost , I am Found , I am Saved , I Wander , I am Dark , I am Good , I am Evil , Never to be seen , Forever to behold , A gift I am to man though neglected by most . 
When faced with your single greatest fear ... if it were reality right this moment ... what would you do ? 
The Silent One forever protecting those along the path , quietly steering all towards their destination ; Hidden from view yet all sense his presence ; The Silent One stands before you now , seeking redemption , seeking peace ; Shining bright and anew , A beacon within the dark , A soul appears full of spark , flames of red embrace the glowing embers blue ; To see it on its journey the Silent One stands true 
Choices made by others it seems my happiness to them it deems , New light to unfold as choices again become bold , To what corpse lay Bear , to what corpse lay my tear , Scorched in cleansing awaiting its message , Flaming rebirth brings its passage , To what end lay the Bear , To what end lay the Bear 
When faced with your single greatest fear ... the best answer I've heard yet is to face your fear head-on ... change your circumstances to either overcome and defeat your fear or remove the fear altogether ... the one thing you can continue to control is how you respond to your fear ... now all I have to do is figure out how I will respond to mine ... 
Happiness it seems beyond my dreams to share my life with those in flight my curse and my deed ; Guiding the lost guiding those that stray nay not from the light but from life as I do plead ; Forgotten my curse banishment my fate , solitude my creed but by far not my need 
Casting light to guide the lost , protecting the innocent from harsh brutality , standing firm to guard the weak , who remembers the silent ones , who remembers those that help others on their journey , when will it be time for them to share the bounty , to reap the rewards of love and compassion 
Forbidden from knowing , yet forever seeking ... The path before me I do not recognize , The path behind me broken and unpassable ... Haphazardly we go into the unknown , the treasures of friends young and old ... The only real treasure one can hold 
Peace . Love . Happiness ... Finding peace is easy ... just don't piss me off too much ... Finding love is hard ... how people define love differs , some say it for the wrong reasons , others don't say for the right reasons ... Finding happiness can be easy or hard ... usually follows with the other two , and its a benefit for living a good life ... living a good life can be the easy or hard part ... where do your morals stand ? 
Away I go to thoughts untold , Secrets are found by those who are bold , Kept by me through time of old , Elixir of youth wasted in time , Captured the soul only to be lost , Four days hence we can recompense 
Realized how important it can be to see a ray of sunshine everyday , whether that ray comes from the sun or the smiling face of a friend does not matter , making each of us a phoenix in our own right . 
To know in happiness to me it brings is a great mystery , to love and be loved , to need and be needed , to want and be wanted , to care and be cared for , solving the mystery may forever escape me , To know in happiness to me it brings is a great mystery 
Through my dreams and in my thoughts forbidden treasures abound , a ray of sunshine , a spash of color , smiles for others , treasures forever out of reach 
The Fates play a cruel trick , Solace evades discovery , what more is the treat to my sacrifice ; Covert the predilection , aflame in cleansing fire , sapphires blue are the desire though wealth brings no comfort , release shimmers a smile 
Beauty to me is not what everyone else sees ... Beauty of the spirit shines brightest of all for me . Compassion ... Forgiveness ... Honesty ... Trust ... Sacrifice ... Humility ... Responsibility ... Empathy ... are a few of the polishses used to shine bright in life . Love and Passion are the fire within providing the light . How does your spirit Shine ? 
i before e except after c ..... Weird ? 
Think Green ... Recycle ... Go Green ... Recycle ... Be Green ... Recycle ... SOYLENT GREEN .... THE ULTIMATE RECYCLE 
Finding humor from friends separated by distance makes for a great weekend ... sharing experiences makes relaxing easier ... enough to bring a smile to an otherwise depressed state of mind 
Had a restless nights sleep ... keep dreaming someone was stalking me , but couldn't tell who they were ... too much on my mind . 
Has returned from Kentucky ... Looking forward to a return to work ... some students will be a pleasure to see ... some will complain about being back in school ... some will just be there ... a few won't even succeed at that ... still look forward to seeing them all 
Enjoyed the trip to the observatory . Saw some nice shooting stars ... Jupiter and it's moons ... the Crab Nebula ... and many other fascinating sites and entertaining tales . 
To speak in tongues no one else understands allows you to say all manner of things ... to speak in languages understood by many lays your words open to bare ... so choose your words carefully as they are akin to a mighty sword ... speak in tongues and none will know your words or speak not at all and none shall suffer their sword . 
To travel in time the choice would be , twenty years for me ... but to change the past or simply be twenty again is the delimma of the task 
Seeking happiness is a difficult task , finding happiness is nearly impossible for even the most ardent of adventurers , Secrets held and secrets told , knowing not the truth be told , What do you do when the path to happiness contradicts principles , rules , laws , and morales ? Maybe it's time to redefine those principles , rules , and morales ... or redefine happiness to remove the conflict ? 
Simplicity of character is the natural result of profound thought . 
" The earth is the mother of all people , and all people should have equal rights upon it . " --- Chief Joseph 1879 
To bed I go , just to let it be said , to rest my weary head and face the dreams I do so dred . 
Old Post that still needs answering : " How do you find that which is lost ... Where do you seek when what you find is forbidden .... How do you live when life is taken .... Where do you go when that which is given is refused ... What has meaning when surrounded by so much without purpose ? " 
Car getting repairs ... needs more than I can afford ... hope to survive the summer as best as we can ... tough times are always hard ... whoever came up with " It always gets worse before it gets better . " should be shot ... or at least a measure of when the bottom 
Made it home from visiting family ... had a great time ... looking forward to Christmas at home . 
May our mutual weirdness last an eternity together . 
A new year . A new decade . A Blue Moon as well . Excellent year to have new beginnings and start fresh . Shed myself of a withered husk of the past and tackle life's new found challenges . I'm at the top of the hill of life looking down on both sides . What a view . 
In truth be opened the doors of heart and soul Through insight and illumination extends the journey Ancient spirits bestow wisdom of sight Guiding through the darkness of life The righteous path in truth shines before Speaking in knowledge yet knowing silence The Great Horned Owl in spirit joined 
Countdown : 349 
Mike's in the Burn Unit at Doctor's with 2nd and 3rd degree burns on his legs and hands . In surgery #1 this morning . Countdown : 342 
Countdown : 346 
Countdown : 351 
Countdown : 347 
Countdown : 347 Had a great evening of mental frustration ... can't wait to get back to work and release the stress on the unsuspecting ... " evil grin " 
Countdown : 343 
Countdown : 345 
Mike & other teenage Boys were making a fire in a pit & used gasoline to start it . The grass caught on fire around the pit & in an attempt to put it out , one of the other boys kicked the burning grass , dirt , & gas onto Mike's exposed legs ( wearing shorts ) . As he rolled back & tried to put it out , he burned his hands as well . 
Headed out to Atlanta for Dragon Con ... yes you should be jealous ... See everyone again on Tuesday . 
Countdown : 334 
Countdown : 350 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being eaten by dragons is not something to be ashamed of . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying . 93% won't copy and paste this ... They have been eaten by dragons . I defeated my dragon and he is now my steed . Countdown : 336 
When scrutinized I am slowest , When ignored I am swiftest , When needed most there is not enough of me , When desired least there is too much of me , Forward I march incessantly , Backward a paradox I am ... what am I ? 
Society says nice guys finish last ... Human Behavior says nice guys always win in the long run ... While I haven't finished last yet , I'm also not winning in the long run either ... does that mean I'm not a " nice guy ? " Should I stop being a " nice guy ? " Maybe its not me at all ... but society that is flawed ... or those in society that are threatened by " the nice guy " and try to destroy him . Things that make you go Hmmm ... 
Life would not be worth living if it were easy , death is the one easy thing for us all ... but it sure would be nice to get a break while living every once in a while , just to catch your breath and enjoy life and what your living for 
Countdown : 337 
" To thine own self be true " ... Lie not to those close to you , especially yourself . How can you live with a liar and deceiver ? Live life in truth and happiness to the fullest of measures and Life will take care of you , enjoy its Bounty with the one you love and hold them closest of all to your heart . 
Through your dreams you shall find my heart , the Great Bear will be there to protect , to defend , and comfort . 
Countdown : 348 
Thank you one and all for your blessings , your prayers , and every positive emotion and feeling sent and shared our way for Mike and our family . 
Countdown : 339 
Mark the advent of warmer weather by the appearance of a kilt wearing man . :) 
Dreams leave you wondering ... Who am I ... Who was she .... Where am I going ? 
Nom Nom Nom Nom !!!!!!!! 
A fine moral character is only defined by the level of guilt felt for doing wrong . 
A dynamic personality adapts to the needs of the moment , one of rigid character often breaks under the strain . 
Cold watching SAHS JV baseball . 
My Family Tree keeps getting ever more interesting ... found through my grandmother on my father's side , are Knights and Barons from England dating back to the 15th century . The Knight Within lives !!!!! 
I think I just found a link to King Edward IV of England 
High School Baseball in the rain ... selling tickets ... fun . :) 
" The danger of the past was that men became slaves . The danger of the future is that men may become robots . " Henri David Thoreau ( 1811-1862 ) 
Kosh : " Who are you ? " 
Me : I no longer know . 
Morden : " What do you want ? " 
Me : What you can no longer offer . 
" And so it begins ... " 
Step into my mind to see what hides behind the eyes you fear 
Outside the norm my actions would bring destruction all the more near 
My duty , My responsibility , My honor , My pride Nothing left have I 
Sanity matters not for in my mind you will forever strive to be out 
Back in Aiken ... the best place in the world to have nothing to do ... :( Any suggestions ? 
Thoughts run deep , escaping reality , only to emerge in oblivion 
Puppet Master .... awesome movie from the past 
pup 
Dying is the easy part . It's the living that's hard . The choices we face , the good times and the bad , the friendships , the loses , and accepting them for what they are that determines our path to either enlightenment or oblivion . 
It's not lying ... it's truth re-imagined for the greater good ... :P 
Boredom !!!!!! Rescue ME PLEASE !!!!!!! 
Join me on the Dark Side this 5th . I have cookies . :D 
The Pity Train has just derailed at the intersection of Suck It Up & Move On , and crashed into We All Have Problems , before coming to a smoldering stop at Get the Hell Over It . Any complaints about how this line operates , can be forwarded to 1-800-WAA-WAAH . I'm Dr. Sniffle Reporting LIVE from Quitchur Bitchin . If you like this , repost it . If you don't , suck it up Buttercup , life doesn't revolve around you .... 
All things being as they are ... My car went to the great hunting grounds in a ball of fire ... engine burst into flames , melted parts into asphalt ... a total loss . 
Aiken , SC to Peru , Mass then back to Aiken , SC . 1964 miles in three days . Talk about a road trip . I must be insane . 
wonders if being seduced by someone who loves you is similar to being duped , taken advantage of , and used by someone you love 
It seems that transportation of any kind is not in my future . Now to seek alternatives and examine options . 
The Gods must definitely have it out for me . A/C seems to have frozen up ( strange since I keep it set at about 76 ) and now it's draining excess condensation . Will it ever end ? 
In life a ghost become I to match in memory the ghost I have become Forgotten in past a wisp of memory serves only to shatter the memory in dreams resides all that I am 
My thoughts go to Family in MS . Their loss is felt deeply in their time of need . She is a beacon of light against the dark . 
Is very sick and tired of the Familial BS that seems to fester and rot . Point of fact ... you are wrong for what you said ... hurtful words are hard to forgive and harder yet to forget . Especially considering the events . 
To begin again means something tried was not successful enough , or could not be finished , or failed completely . 
Transformers was great . Loved the Star Trek pun by Sentinel Prime . 
Thank you all for the Birthday Wishes . For good measure I am now the Ultimate Answer to the Ultimate Question about Life , the Universe , and Everything ... 42 !!! 
Donated blood today . So should you . For those that understand ... Blood Pressure was 104/69 Pulse was 66 Got stuck in both arms ... nurse blew out the pipes in my left arm instantly .... never had that happen before . 
Antibiotic-Resistant STDs . It was only a matter of time . What is the world coming to ? And with our youth today , they will never know what hit them . Check the CDC for Super Gonorrhea . 
Just completed my entrance exam for biology ... 50 multiple choice questions in 60 minutes .... followed by 10 essays questions in 90 minutes ... yes , that was 10 ESSAY questions in 90 minutes . Really abstract biology concepts too . At least the stress is gone .... but my brain is jello . 
Finally baking a Chocolate Cake ... gotta have some for breakfast in the morning ... just to honor Cosby :) 
Can't seem to get to sleep . :( 
I passed the exam ( don't know the actual grade yet ) and have full admission to the University of Maryland . :D Once less thing to worry about ... I just hope I keep my student loans to pay for it ... :( 
Tarot general read . 
1st card : Knight of Pentacles ( upright ) 
2nd card : Devil ( reversed ) 
3rd card : Sun ( upright ) 

What a pick , I must say . 
Hair cut done . Less to deal with . :) 
So tired . Can't sleep . Missing an important ingredient . Mr. Sandman , where are you ? Bring me my dreams . 
IN RESPONSE TO THE EMAILS CONCERNING MY DOG Please be advised I am sick to death of receiving questions about my dog who mauled six illegals wearing Obama t-shirts , four Democrats wearing Pelosi t-shirts , two rappers , five phone operators who asked me to press #1 for English , nine teenagers with pants hanging down past their cracks , eight customer service desk people speaking in broken English , and three flag burners . FOR THE LAST TIME ... MY DOG IS NOT FOR SALE ! 
Happiness it seems beyond my dreams 
To share my life with those in flight my curse and my deed 
Guiding the lost , guiding those that stray 
Nay not from the light but from life as I do plead 
Forgotten my curse , banishment my fate , 
Solitude my creed but by far not my need 
Curiosity begins now ....... :P 
Wonders if you should keep pushing forward when the bumps in the road become brick walls and your car gets smashed ... 
To go , to see , in time for me , the wonders of the world will be 
Upon the blue of the sea , finding meaning impossible for me 
Seeking that which cannot be found , in solace abound 
From space a sound arrives , though it does confound 
For the Fates is seems for me to posses a plan unrevealed in secret I professs 
Wonders if it's really worth it all the struggle more frequently these days ... Tired of being in the shadow of the Red Queen .... running as fast as I can just to stay in place ... must be getting tired after all these years , I'm falling behind quickly . 
Thinks it is a shame when I make it clear to expect an email from me , that I expect a reply before the weekend is over , and less than half the students comply . They will regret the lack of action as I make the choices for them . 
:) Free Samples :P LOL 
on my mind ...... the cost of going Native 
Law Abiding Citizen ... what happens when someone is supremely fed-up with the way the System at Large works ... problem is , today so many " Systems at Large " are so messed up I'm not surprised we aren't surrounded by more Law Abiding Citizens 
Deal Breaker : She wants to have my kids .... I said no , no more children from me ... We shall see where this leads . 
Reality is a dish best served cold ... Revenge is just an appetizer and Fate is the dessert . 
Tarot reading : 1st card is The World ( upright ); 2nd card is The King of Swords ( upright ); 3rd card is the Eight of Chalices ( upright ) . Hmmmm . Wonder what I'm being told . 
Made it to Dragon Con . :) 
Having a good week with Grad class in Modern Molecular Genetics ... it's great being able to talk about zombies as a result of genetically modified viral vectors released from a laboratory by whatever means and actually understand the risks and containment procedures ..... LOL 
It's legal and official ... I'm now an eligible bachelor . 
Within your eyes I find a new world filled with wonder , filled with joy 
To loose myself within their gaze brings peace from stress and happiness 
It will be over a week before I get a new place . Furniture seems to be the major loss so far , but that still depends on the adjustor and what can be salvaged . Nothing like a clean slate . 
Closure is a thing I will never know regardless of how I try for it requires understanding and I will never understand why . Away flies the Phoenix into the light the future always just beyond sight . 
Our time apart doth give me a start through the breaking of my heart . Time lost we will reclaim at any cost for in your arms I long to be lost . 
Your actions and deeds of today will echo throughout eternity . How will yours sound ? 
Trapped in thoughts of Phoenix fires 
Waiting is getting ever more difficult to do . I can't wait for the waiting to be over . :( 
To be slain is one thing , but not having the decency to wait until you are dead and burried is another 
93 Thunderbird is leaking oil like a sieve , the engine has to be resealed ... no way to pay for it ... It must be repaired though ... Khris is inconvienenced without a vehicle for now , but will be a major problem in a matter of weeks ... Gotta love our luck . Come on Fates ... Can't you do any better than that .... Give me your best shot !!! 
Here comes the rain again . 
Thoughts are trapped in the labyrinth of my mind . Words alone fail me . Patiently waiting for time to unlock the gates , for the words to escape , to express the chaos within . 
Time is the worst of all enemies . It alone has the patience to wait you out , it always has more time then you do . I will not succomb ... I will not admit defeat ... I will prevail !! Patience is the virtue I'm learning from my new master , Time . 
Never tempt the Fates ... they always know how to teach you lessons ... Water line to the water heater ( stored in the attic above the kitchen ) broke drenching the entire downstairs ... ceiling , walls , kitchen tile floors , carpets ... laundry room , kitchen , dining room , great room/living room all affected ... what fun . 
Looks like the Netherlands will win and go to the finals . 
Waiting to find out if I work summer school or not . Can only hope , really need it . 
Khris is home and moving in ... what a trip ... way too much stuff for such a small apartment 
Life , Liberty , and the Pursuit of Happiness ... ever elusive , forever sought , rarely found by most ... 
When I look into your eyes and you're looking back into mine , everything feels not quite normal . I feel stronger and weaker , excited and terrified all at the same time . It's hard to describe what I feel , except I know what kind of man I want to be . I want to fulfill your every wish , your every dream . That must be love . 
Congrats to all my Graduates ... Tonight is your final walk ... Sorry to see some leave ... glad to see others go ... Love Ya 
Mostly finished all aspects of the move ... way too much for the smaller apartment , some things are going to have to go ... if you want my new address , email me . 
" It is said some lives are linked across time ; Connected by an ancient calling that echoes through the ages . " When the call comes , will you be listening ? 
True wealth is the memories we share ... the good times and the bad ... the special moments together ... holding each other ... sharing the wonders of the world . Making memories to cherish is a great investment in the future . 
Patiently waiting for things to work out ... as long as it takes ... to be happy once again . 
Beginning to look like everything is going to be a loss . Building is still listed unsafe , inspector won't be there until Wed next week to determine building safety . Most likely rain in the meantime will destroy what's left . Definitely a clean slate . 
Where's my Phoenix ? 
Mother Nature is such a tease ... giving a day like Spring ... but will she crack her whip with a snap of winter's cold ? Only the Ground Hog Knows . 
Remember the first time ... I held you in my arms . Holding you close as the stress melted away . Remember the first time ... we kissed . Tentative and uncertain to begin , filled with passion in the end . Do you remember the first time ? 
Wish I may , Wish I might , will my wish come true for my delight ? 
Don't miss the Total Lunar Eclipse on Dec 21st . Best viewing time is 3:17 am EST . It will be darkest red then . Last time a total lunar eclipse coincided with the Winter Solstice was in 1638 . This one is special . 
Beware the Deceivers in lies they live 
Self-interest alone perceived 
Compassion unknown Love of self alone 
Beware the Deceivers in lies they die 
Through burning fires and sapphires blue ... my love ... thoughts always return to you 
Trapped in time a desperate state in the shadows beyond death to wait 
Silver light through garnet rose's fire banishes shadow from my heart's love desire 
Popcorn Popcorn ... attacking left and right ... HELP PLEASE !!! :) 
Silence , Solitude , Stillness 
No one to 
talk to , no one to 
look at 
Thoughts drift from plateau to plateau 
The mind seeks refuge within itself , only to find itself alone 
When you find it hard to put your thoughts into words , it is sometimes best to say it as simply and directly as possible . 
Hi . How are you ? That's good . I'm going crazy . Can you get me out of here ? 
When you know in your heart it's the right thing to do , when the love you share is strong , nothing can keep you apart forever . 
Will you remember me in times of need ? Alone in the dark ? When there is no one to rescue you ? 
Goal USA !!!!!!! 
Seek ye the treasure lost . Find the purpose within to live . Cherish the time as one . That which you miss is not far . 
Toiling away , nothing left to save my day , all work and no play ... :( 
Teaching only second session of summer school . That's gonna hurt . 
Decent workout at the gym . Biceps and abs today . 
Hopeland Summer Concert :) 
Am I only remembered when needed ? Am I a pleasant thought or a dark nightmare lurking in the shadows ? 
It seems as though my life hangs in the balance , waiting for the outcome of to different but connected events to happen in my favor tomorrow . They will determine how I move forward to rebuild my life ... and what is tomorrow ... Friday the 13th . Luck must be on my side . 
A ghost , an apparition of my former self . An empty shell am I . Heart and soul devoured within an ever growing black hole . Will anything ever fill the void ? 
Time is dragging by so slow . Days seem like weeks , endured all alone . Lost in time with nowhere to go . I wait , for time is not eternal . 
AIM high AIM low . To bed I go . In dreams I see my Love 
People people everywhere but I feel so alone because you are not there 
When we are no longer apart my arms will hold you as tightly as you now hold my heart 
Thanks for the Birthday Wishes everyone . 
A blonde , redhead , and brunette walk into a bar ... " I'll take the blonde . " LOL 
The power of language is felt most in it's absence . 
I voted . Did you ? 
I'm no longer homeless ... moved into a mostly empty apartment Friday . Personal property is a total loss due to mold , waiting to refurnish and move forward . Can't wait for life to return to some semblance of normal . 
Love , like a river , will cut a new path 
whenever it meets an obstacle . 
- Crystal Middlemas - 
" Always do your best by your family . Go to work every day . Always speak your mind . Never hurt anyone that doesn't deserve it . Never take anything from the bad guys . " 
Words to live by . 
My apartment building burned in a fire . Now I'm homeless until they move me into a new place . Could be this weekend , but most of my stuff will be a loss due to water damage . Is there any such thing as good luck ? 
Made it to the Enterprise . Preparing for shore leave . 
My Phoenix showed me a better path not too long ago and then died a fiery death . I forgot the true power of My Phoenix . From the ashes she has arisen , a new path is sought . 
A week without a home ... patiently waiting to move into a new apartment on Friday ... still uncertain of what the final coverage for the loss will be or when I can rebuild my life . 
As the Fates have decided I will embrace my greatest fear and face life alone . Silence and Solitude shall comfort me and Salvation finds me Alone . 
When you think things couldn't get any worse ... the T-bird ( my daughter's mode of transportation to/from/at college ) has a cracked engine block and is most likely not worth the repair . 
To be is to do . -- Socrates 
To do is to be . -- Plato 
Do Be Do Be Do . -- Sinatra 
Is a Christmas present waiting to be unwrapped . Merry Christmas !!!!! 
is tired of being Your Job . Go pick on someone Your own size . 
If loving someone can cause so much pain and anguish , why risk the heartache at all ? When your greatest fear is to be alone , which is the lesser of the two evils ? 
Happiness is not the absence of conflict , but the ability to cope with it . Guess that makes me a very happy person . I never knew . 
" Remember how much I love you . I love you so so much . You make every day more wonderful than the last . Don't ever forget how amazing you are . " -- My Phoenix 
Does she remember how much I love her ? 
Roll Tide !!!! Let's go !!! 
What is the point of it all ? To live ? To die ? It all seems so pointless ... until bright faces full of smiles return , hugs are given , and the wonder of learning is shared ... that is the point of it all . 
DSL down at the Enterprise ... No Service on communicator in far rural site ... forced disconnect from world ... No chance for escape !!!! 
Alone in the dark , such an easy mark 
For one to take advantage , forcing in Life a new vantage 
Let truth be told for both the young and old 
In others to trust , ourselves honesty is a must 
A heart shatters , a soul is lost , to find one the other must heal . Painful heartstrings plucking love's lost found . Unable to heal , lost in Solitude I find myself Alone . 
Change 
your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood The goal ? To 
not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . * Join the Fight 
Against Child Abuse * , copy & paste to your status and invite your 
friends to do the same 
The eclipse is underway . Are you watching ? I am . 
Has had a wonderful Christmas split with Family and Friends . Found a new Family , the Cassels , in Friends that welcomed me in . Love ya Tammy . Thanks . :) 
Beware the folly of Man ... especially when man's folly causes harm to those he would call Family and Friends ... Be aware .... Be prepared 
