a la nostalgie de Thonon : et si j'y passais mes prochaines vraies vacances ?! 
10 ans après avoir terrorisé les spectateurs d'Evian , super week-end à Nice avec Mika , Nino , Vince et Ben :) 
sighs 
Mosquitos : 5 / Guillaume : 0 
fell asleep while watching " Public Enemies " ... Deep like a marshmallow , captivating like a snails race ... 
is having fun playing " Bully : Scholarship Edition " on Wii ! 
If somebody understands the recruitment policy of Lyon (€72 million spent on 1 good player + 3 average ones ) please drop me a message 
is wasted 
practised squash for the 1st time : interesting , to be tried again ! 
is considering attending the Euro 2009 ( basket-ball ) in Gdansk , but will France qualify ?... 
Off to Cologne ( Gamescom ) for 3 days FULL of meetings ! ( Very ) busy times ahead ! 
Istres , Châteauroux , Laval , qui sera le prochain club de 2nde zone à nous ridiculiser ? 
is back from Cologne , wasted ... Feel like jet-lagged actually ! 
smiled in the tramway today , looking at a rebel-like guy wearing a tshirt with a pretty straight forward message on it : " FUCK WORK ! All those people in my head tell me to stay home and CLEAN MY GUNS ! " :-D 
spent over 5 hours creating PR materials for Cologne :) At least , I am satisfied ! 
worked from home today : peace = concentration = +50% in terms of efficiency ... :) 
Les 35 heures , c'est en 3 jours c'est ça ? 
se demande - n'ayant pas vu le match - comment se fait-il que les Bleus aient battu les Iles Féroé sur un si petit score . Quelqu'un peut m'éclairer ?! 
is getting actively prepared for Cologne / 1 week left ! 
Plus de président , plus de coach , vive le Racing ! :) 
had some fun watching the U.N. conference 
is out of his shoes 
a le mal de la Meinau ... 
is trying to enjoy Sunday and not to think about the crazy forthcoming week ... 
is looking for tips/hints as for flying from Warsaw to Bangkok // plz contact me if you have cheap alternatives in mind ! 
is looking forward the week-end 
Frankfurt , Annecy , Thonon , Strasbourg : many professional and private coincidences might make me come back to my 4 favourite cities within the next 2/3 weeks ! Fingers crossed :) 
Anybody playing Super Smash Bros Brawl on Wii ? If so , drop me your friend code :) 
is learning ( and demo-practicing ) trading // @Jay : hope my findings will contribute to our interesting discussions ! :-) 
5100 USD of profit after trading for 1 day ( demo version ... so no real money for now ) // I am either lucky or a genius or I simply do not understand anything ... Need to investigate more about trading anyway ... :-) 
Seedorf , Inzaghi , c'est ( encore et toujours ) du lourd ! 
is happy for Ghana ! 
is playing tetris with his travel agenda for the next 2 weeks 
A last meeting in Frankfurt and then off to Warsaw 
is finally on holidays ! Theoretically still around 25 days to take , but 7 now still make me satisfied :-) 
Direction Alsace 
became lame sport-wise , it does not click anymore ! Need to practise a lot lot lot more ... 
is gonna start learning Italian ! 
1 last day in Annecy and then off to Wars " ZZZzzzzZZZzzzZZ(fell asleep) " awa ... 
Grazie Milan ! 
Merci/Thank you/Dziekuje/Spasiba for your wishes ! 
Come on Algeria , f*ck them all ! :) 
has got a weird mix of fever and headache , somewhere deep into my brain . Bloody H1N1 virus ! 
Impressions en vrac : gros bordel dans l'animation du jeu ( Anelka , Henry , Gourcuff , qui est le meneur de jeu ? ) / 1ère tentative d'Anelka aux avant-postes : but ...... / Gourcuff , arrête tes gestes techniques à la noix / Sagna qui est seul dans son couloir un paquet de fois , pas un seul ballon décent reçu pour lancer une offensive / Vivement que Ribéry revienne : personne ne sait percuter ou quoi ? 
is pissed off 
is enjoying http://www.di.fm/mp3/progressive.pls while tidying up his flat 
needs to sleep more 
is back to Warsaw // 2 days of hard work ahead and then off to France for my 2nd marathon trip in a row ! Hope scientists will create teleportation before I pass away :) 
http://sendables.jibjab.com/view/5E5blaGclswSRRKP?cmpid=jj_fb_self 
is back home with a nice bronchitis 
Vous avez un EXCELLENT francais ecrit ? Vous avez une EXCELLENTE comprehension de l'anglais ecrit ? Vous jouez aux jeux video et ( ce serait un plus ) particulierement a des RPG ? Mon equipe recherche un proof-reader ( " relecteur " ) francais pour verifier une traduction de 900 pages . Le projet débuterait ~ Aout 2010 pour se terminer ~ fin Septembre 2010 . Contactez-moi par MP asap ! 
en a ( un peu ) marre de ( presque ) tout . A part ca , tout va bien ! 
Week-end sur Cracovie histoire de se changer les idées 
se voit imposer chaque annee des paradoxes assez prononces pour les " fetes " de fin d'annee . Comprenne qui pourra . 
Enormes Colmariens ! Peu de physique , mais quelle hargne et envie d'aller de l'avant ! Metz dehors ! :) 
feels hopeless and fights a lot to look cool . Zen attitude ( my ass ) 
Silvio :o 
is resting as much as he can before starting a crazy week ... 
Fantastic week ! 
Brüno was sehr gut ! Ach ja ! 
is looking forward XMAS/NYE to have peace and put order in his mind :) 
is worried for France , but hopes for Algeria ! 
is about to reinforce his team for the upcoming season : http://www.hattrick.org 
is in Southern Poland till Sunday 
is pissed off with coughing all the time 
had a sporty ( very good ) Saturday 
is annoyed with fighting not to cough all the time ( to be precise)(blinks @ Dominika Szulc-Lewandowska ) ;) 
Latest rumours about Strasbourg : Arsene Wenger building up a project to invest and save the club ... 
Question d'un expat aux Strasbourgeois : l'agence de la poste , rue du 22 Novembre , elle existe toujours ?! Je tente de les joindre depuis une semaine au telephone , en vain ... Merci d'avance pour vos retours :) 
F*cking wasted , p*tain de defonce :o ( zombie mode ... ) 
is tired with laying off people . * huge sigh not to explain what I think * 
Despite being a fan of Eric Cantona and Ken Loach , I have been slightly disappointed by " Looking for Eric " ... Too classical , too predictable :-/ 
is getting ill . Luckily , today is my last working day this week ! 
France , ce pays magique : 6h30 de boulot par jour , entre 2200 et 2700 euros bruts par mois , vive les conducteurs de la RATP qui font chier tous les Parisiens ! On marche sur la tête ... 
Kaki fluo avec des tons fushia-RVB-arc-en-ciel // Fluorescent kaki with RGB-rainbow shades 
" E questo un libro ? No , questo non è un libro , questo è un tavolo ! " 
en a marre des gens qui arretent pas de parler de la neige . Nos parents se tapaient des hivers hyper rigoureux . En faisaient-ils un foin ? 
is gonna canoe today ! 
Ivory Coast - Algeria , great game ahead ! 
is off to Dublin 
is off to Germany / 3 tiring days ahead , but hope to make this trip fruitful 
est ( très ) content pour l'Algérie mais en marre que chaque CAN ait son lot de gardiens et arbitres bidons ... 
Robinho peut aller se coucher , Abdel Moukhlil de Colmar est la nouvelle référence :-) 
a besoin de votre aide . Pourriez-vous m'indiquer de manière succinte le nom de la ville (+ pays si besoin est ) et quartier dans lesquels vous résidez + la durée pour rejoindre le centre ville via les transports en commun + le prix moyen d'un appart d'~ 55-60 mètres carrés à l'achat et à la location ? Exemple ( je précise ! ) : Strasbourg / Meinau / 25 minutes / 150.000 euros / 675 euros 
spent a great week-end in the Irish countryside 
Question aux amoureux de l'Italie : Milan , ça vaut le coup ? J'ai peur qu'il n'y ait pas grand chose à faire à part les boutiques et les musées d'art . Ai-je tort ? 
Lukasz Fabianski , the new Calamity James . English goalkeeping at its best ! 
est en colère : j'ai vu des bouteilles de Riesling ( Cave de Turckheim ) rangées dans le rayon " Vins Allemands " ! Saloperie d'incultes :) 
fell in love with a new movie : " The Fall " :o 
is amused by the economical relations between Greece and Germany 
Cannot they let Tiger Woods do whatever he wants with his " club " ? Pathetic America once again ... :) 
est amoureux d'Alain Fontenla . Quel homme ! 
spent a memorable week-end in Krakow with Eugenia Mokina ( Mrs Gnocchi ! ) , Oleg Klapovsky and Adam Oldakowski + came back to the same recurrent conclusion : Krakow kicks ass , Warsaw sucks big times ! ( why the hell did Zygmund3 moved the capital over here ?... ) 
Cacophonie 1 - Politique 0 . Alternance parfaitement sinusoïdale de triomphes creux et de déceptions vaniteuses . Vivement les prochaines élections et les passionnants débats en plateau , on ne change pas une formule qui gagne :) 
has a lot of questions in mind 
( que l'on ne me lapide pas ) Allez Lyon ! 
needs your help : could you please let me know ( see the example hereafter ) about the city and district where you live + how much time it takes to go downtown using mass transportation + the average price to buy 1 square meter + the average monthly price to rent a 55-60 square meter flat over there ? Ex : " Berlin / North End / 30 mins / 2300 euros / 700 euros " 
is reading a lot about mind mapping . Sounds like a very interesting tool to help me structure the tremendous amounts of information I am handling and thus achieve my " 2010 - quest for balance " :) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mind_map 
Kaczynski ... :o :/ 
Monday off = hell of a job to squeeze into 4 business days :) 
Content pour Fournier et les joueurs . Hilali , pends-toi ! 
is looking forward to flying to Prague . 11 days left ! 
a besoin d'un break 
Retour à Warszawa - Le Léman me manque déjà ( rime ) :-/ 
finally went jogging 
Direction Cologne for a 3-day business marathon ! 
has Monday off 
Stupid Champions League draw for the French clubs ... 
is listening to some Japanese hip-hop 
could sleep all the time 
Direction Prague . Opération relaxation et " rechargement " de batteries ! 
will attend his first opera ever ( Carmen ) in Prague . 6 days left ! 
If you use Excel and Outlook regularly under MAC OS X , please let me know . I have some questions for you :) / Si vous utilisez Excel ou Outlook regulierement sous MAC OS X , tenez-moi au courant : j'ai des questions pour vous :) 
finally had the chance to watch " Psycho " from Hitchcock . Impressive ! 
Back from Lyon . I am very tired , but the trip there was excellent . 
is very upset he missed the deadline to apply for tickets for the Champions League final 
saw the sunset between France and Switzerland throwing wonderful shades over the whole lake . I can die in peace after that :) 
Final score : Prague : 5 ( history , mass transports , atmosphere , multiple cultures , prices ) Warsaw : 1 ( elegant women :) 
is in London till Saturday evening 
Ma chère ville de Thonon qui rejoint Strasbourg en Ligue2 . Je ne sais pas si je dois pleurer de joie ou de tristesse ! 
just applied for tickets at the London Olympics 2012 . Picked tons of sports ... Hope to have tickets for athletics , swimming , handball or judo :) 
Question aux Thononais(es ) : je souhaite descendre fin août pour 1 semaine de vacances . Auriez-vous des bons plans qualité/prix pour le logement ? Merci ! 
Plane tickets booked to attend the ATP ( Tennis ) World Tour Finals in London at the end of November :) 
Naiveté : prendre le mardi de congés pour avoir un long week-end de Pâques . Le retour à la réalité : les 35 heures " à la française " seront facilement atteintes en 3 jours :) 
had some korean Bimbimbap for dinner . Oleg Klapovsky , I know you hate me now :) 
J'arrive pas a y croire : j'ai trouve de l'Abondance a Varsovie ! Environ 25 euros le kilo , mais peu importe , la passion l'emporte ! :) 
went to the Warsaw Tennis Tournament Final to relax 
Caliente ! 
is packing to go to France for one week 
Nobody would wish to be in my head right now 
Attendre d'un gouvernement qu'il vous paye vos vieux jours . Encore un concept bien français ... 
La croix et la bannière pour voyager vers l'Est de la France ... A quand un aéroport aux tarifs normaux , à Strasbourg par exemple ?... 
2008 : Olympic champions , 2009 : World Champions , 2010 : European Champions , 2011 : qualified for the semi-finals of the World Championships , fingers crossed for the French handball team :) 
8am . Sun . Blue german sky . And 10 meetings ahead non-stop , walking all day long from one place to another . Ouch . 
needs to sleep . A lot . 
Question to Polish people : I have quite some clothes to get rid of . Is there any association/organization in Warsaw giving these to the poor ? Thanks . 
se demande pourquoi les editions GFemia Presse publient moins d'articles et se montrent plus tendues depuis quelques heures :-) 
Rain showers over the lake ... I am not too sure I will be able to swim again before returning to Warsaw :-/ 
is starting his Cyprus-Warsaw-California 3-weeks marathon . Hoping to be alive by the 21st of June ! 
slept 14 hours 
J'ai une amie qui cherche d'urgence quelqu'un capable de traduire le contenu d'un jeu video du FRANCAIS vers l'ALLEMAND . Travail remunere bien entendu . Si vous connaissez quelqu'un , merci d'envoyer un e-mail a d.szulc@roboto.pl ! ;) 
is falling in love again with Wholefoods markets . The best food supermarket ever :) 
est nostalgique 
Allemagne petits bras ! Mais pourquoi ont-ils joué à contre nature ? Incompréhensible . 
Destination California . Hoping to sleep on the way ... 
Miracles happen : I am leaving the office and cleaned up over 60 Outlook reminders . I can breathe till tomorrow ! 
will be in London from Thursday till Saturday . If you are around , drop me a message and let's try to have a drink or snack :) 
Pfff 
wakes up in 7 hours 15 minutes . Ouch . 
Marco Van Rooney : 0 
will spend his Sunday having rest on Venice beach 
Ca sent la morue pour Claude ... 
Uber alles in der Welt ! Ma ma mia ... Direction Berlin next week-end if they win in semi-final ! 
Anybody to iron my trousers before I fly on Thursday morning ? Thanks ... 
Back to Poland 
Germany made my day . Uber strong ! 
had some funny stories at the E3 today 
20 hours of travel and finally back home . 1 day to rest and ... off to the UK ! The marathon goes on . 
" chi va piano , va sano e va lontano " 
Time to rest 
Direction Nicosia , Cyprus 
http://player.canalplus.fr/#/373980 

Sarko fait preuve de créativité avec les Roms 
visited Anfield Road 
is looking forward to going back to Europe 
Holland : het was een fantastische avond ! 
is in San Francisco / L.A. 
is jetlagged . Woke up at 2:30 am . 
Super Roger Federer ! 
is back from Russia / Moscow is surprisingly ( to me ) an impressive gigantic place 
went jogging at 7:30 am . Next objective for the week-end : the swimming pool ! 
Le 31 me fout encore plus le bourdon que Noel . Vivement le 2 janvier pour oublier tout ca :) 
will be in London next Thursday and Friday . If you are around , drop me a line ! :) 
Anima Sana In Corpore Sano ... 
Merci Envoye Special pour votre numero dedie aux pates ... C'est pas demain que je decrocherai ... Il est ou ce pot de sauce pesto et ce bout de parmesan qui me restent ?... 
Vietnam in March ? Thinking about it more and more :) 
Direction Mosco(u)(w ) ! 
trouve que Christophe Lemaitre pourrait avoir un role de qualite dans " Snatch " aux cotes de Brad Pitt 
Je serai sur Lyon a partir du 16 Novembre . J'ai eventuellement la possibilite de reserver mon vol retour le dimanche 21 . Si vous etes sur Lyon les 19-20-21 , on pourrait s'y capter pour passer du bon temps :) Envoyez-moi un message avant lundi soir svp car je booke mes billets mardi au plus tard ! A+ 
Busy yet funny times :) 
is starving and needs a big delicious meal . Meetings are the biggest enemy to healthy regular ( if any ) meals . 
Deutschland , Deutschland ! May they kick Spain out :) 
is packing and then off to London till Friday ! 
Shiatsu massage , acupuncture and now off to see Djokovic-Federer ! 
pense immobilier 
Strasbourg-Thonon en 16e : tout resultat me conviendra , mais preference tout de meme pour les Alsaciens :) 
calcule le budget prévisionnel pour 1 semaine de vacances dernière minute sur Thonon . Ouch ! 
Bonne fete a tous les Valentin(s ) et uniquement a eux :) 
watched a documentary about Taekwondo schools in South Korea and is literally impressed by the physical skills and power required by that sport 
Saw Jean-Michel Jarre last week in my plane . Tonight , it was Diego Maradona , taking a boat on the Thames . Who's next ? :) 
If anybody has tips to get tickets for Legia-Arsenal , please drop me a line ;) 
13 ans apres , je serai de retour sur Thonon du 22 au 28 aout :) Enfin des vacances ... 
will enjoy a cocktail in front of the Geneva lake while watching Ireneusz Jelen trying to qualify Auxerre for the Champions League :) 
Auxerre qui se frottera aux grands d'Europe , Gameiro en Equipe de France , enfin de l'authenticite dans l'ennuyeux football moderne 
had a very tough yet captivating week ! 
Questions aux Thononais(es ) : 
1- quel est le meilleur endroit niveau qualite/prix pour deguster des 
filets de perche a Thonon ? Les 25 euros par personne affiches au port 
me semblent un brin exagere ... 
2- meme question , mais pour une fondue savoyarde :) 
Merci d'avance si vous avez des adresses sympas a recommander :) 
23rd of September , much fun ahead :) 
Shiatsu massage can do miracles :) 
Tout juste de retour sur Varsovie après une semaine en Allemagne cool mais éreintante . Direction Genève et Thonon demain ! 
Good bread , good cheese , I am ready to enjoy Milan VS Auxerre on tv tonight . Hope Ireneusz Jelen and his French team will not be spanked too hard ... 
spent a very good day full of nostalgia . Merci Olivia et Ben :) 
Direction London 
is disappointed with Gordon Gekko's return to Wall Street ... Boring sequel ... 
is cream crackered , but is happy to be in London 
a passe sa semaine a faire de la psychologie . Vivement le week-end . 
Fire alarm in the whole hotel at 6:30 am . It was an interesting experience to see so many people bare foot or wearing pyjamas at the reception . Trying to get back to sleep ... 
A tough week is behind ! Need to recover now :) 
Reportage super intéressant sur TV5 ce soir . Dans les coulisses du parlement suisse , en plein debat sur les OGM . Monsanto va-t-il en prendre pour son grade ou leur lobbying sera-t-il convainquant ? Il me tarde de zieuter ca :) ( pensee pour Lloyd , grand fan de Monsanto ) 
Lyceens , 
enfants accompagnant leurs parents , les greves en France me depassent 
totalement . No comment . 
Packing to leave warm Cyprus and go back to cold Poland 
ZzzzZZZzzzzz ZZZZZZzzzzzzz ... * sleeps * 
" Only stupid people do not change their mind " , as the saying says . So well ... I will probably buy myself a Macbook Pro for work ... Wait ... Is it really me typing that ?! : 0 
Interesting thoughts from a philosopher on French TV : " Human time is different than machine time . Human beings can neither process as much information , nor be as fast a computer is able to . We have to move from a society where people are expected to have reflexes , to a society where people should use their reflection skills instead . " 
Mon premier repas a Chypre : 3 Babybels . Fantastique . Delicieux . 
The good side of waiting 3 hours to have my bedroom ready : reading a sport newspapers on a bench , enjoying the sun in Kensington Park . London is definitely a great place :) Time to work now ... 
Faineasses de redactions du 20 heures . 15 minutes d'evidences saisonnales chaque soir dans une edition qui en dure 30 . Paresse journalistique a son paroxysme . Ou comment lobotomiser des millions de gens . Vivement la semaine prochaine pour que l'on s’extasie sur des reportages hyper originaux dedies aux cadeaux de Noel tiens . Vivement . 
Segolene sur France2 , quelle belle soiree ... 
Ich bin kaputt ! 
Come on Roger ! 
Flight cancelled to Warsaw due to heavy snow over there ... Stuck in Hotel Ibis for one night , wonderful view from the window ( the Ibis parking spots ) :) 
La question existentielle qui me taraude depuis quelques semaines : pourquoi toutes les femmes approchant de la 30aine ont leurs premieres ride au coin des yeux ( pattes d'oie ) ? Vous souriez trop et ca plisse la peau ? 
Dernier numero de Courrier International : " France : la Gauche la plus bete du monde ? 20 journalistes etrangers repondent " . 
Merci Lyon . Je viens de paumer un pari à 20:1 à cause de vous ! 
needs proper holidays 
February : on the road again ! 
is DEAD . Trade shows are quite energy consuming . Luckily , there will be England-France on tv in a few minutes to fall asleep ... :) 
Si vous etes sur Lyon et libre mardi , mercredi ou jeudi soir , faites-moi signe :) 
is happy like a kid with his new earphones :) 
Haloumi , rucola , cherry tomatoes , curry sauce , pita bread ==> yummy ! 
Direction Lugdunum 
Friday 11pm , finally having rest , with quality sound in my headphones 
Warsaw-Cyprus-London-Warsaw . Back in 1 week . 
On ne sait jamais : est-ce que quelqu'un a prevu d'enregistrer ( au format numerique : Divx ou autre ) le telefim " Fractures " ( consacre aux banlieues ) qui passe sur FR2 demain soir ? Si oui , je suis preneur :) 
Pfiou 
35 hours of work in 3 days . Cannot wait to fall on my bed and watch Marseille-Chelsea ! :) 
Le contenu video de canalplus.fr est vraiment varie et de qualite . Ideal pour les expats :) 
2012 : Euro ( football ) - Poland 
2012 : Olympic Games - London 
2016 : Euro ( football ) - France 
2018 : World Cup ( football ) - Russia 
==> my travel trip for the next decade is getting quite clear ! 
is happy France qualified for the final of the Handball World Championships ... but sad to miss on the game on Sunday :-/ 
Tellement marre de la " presidence " du Racing que j'arrive a en esperer une grosse branlee a domicile ce soir contre Evian-Thonon-Gaillard en Coupe . Un bon petit 0-4 a domicile , histoire d'aller encore un peu plus bas dans la mediocrite dans les semaines qui viennent . 
is finally trying to find time to finish Donkey Kong Country 2 . My save game dates back to 2000 :) 
Hungry 
" I sincerely believe ... that banking establishments are more dangerous than standing armies . " - Thomas Jefferson , 1816 
is packing to leave tomorrow for a Warsaw-Cyprus-London-Warsaw 1-week trip . If you are in London on 3/4/5th Feb , drop me a line and we could try to catch up :) 
Merci Madrid . Tout un joli pari de perdu grace a vous . Decidemment un club que je peux pas blairer :) 
I could live on a sunny island starting from tomorrow . How pleasant it is to see water , sun and cool positive people :) 
off to London 
How to feel old in one sentence : Sonic and the Lemmings celebrate their 20 years in 2011 ... Ouch . 
Experience punk du jour : sortir les poubelles a 20h00 par -10 degres et porter des babouches pour marcher dans la neige . La classe . 
Application to get 2 tickets for the Champions League final submitted . Fingers crossed now . 
Leaving to California tomorrow for 10 days . Back to Warsaw on 7th of March . I will miss those -15 degrees . NOT . 
Arrived in L.A. Rushing to bed ... 
In San Francisco 
Last day in Japan Town . Back to Warsaw tomorrow . I miss the good old Europe . 
Packed and ready to travel . 18+ hours of travel , yeah ! 
I am dead 
Incredibile Inter ! 
Application for Euro2012 tickets submitted . Asked for 4 tickets for every single game taking place in Warsaw , from group stage till the semi-final . Lottery to be held in April , fingers crossed :) 
is wondering why the Arab League is so detached/idle and did not initiate the attack over Libya by themselves 
will be in London on 7-8-9th of April . If you are there at the same dates , drop me a private message and let's try to meet :) 
... 
Thought of going to Istanbul next week , but the weather forecasts look scary . Need to find a B plan ASAP :) 
is kaputt ! Week-end , fast ! 
Direction Barcelona 
took a nap on the playa 
Last day in Barcelona . Tonight , Villareal-Barca in a local pub with tapas :) 
Strong cultural background , wonderful landscapes , rich history , cheerful people , Barcelona is full of character . Loved it :) 
Just finished working . Time now to wash and iron clothes ... to fly to London on Thursday ( very ) early morning . The marathon goes on . 
Everything just goes wrong this week , real nightmare . Off to London tomorrow . Hope the plane will take off at least ... 
Crossing fingers 
is getting nuts 
I think Google Chrome is about to make me break up with Firefox after years of faithful love 
Direction Russia on April 29th 
is tired with Kate Middleton and that whole blah-blah ... 
Off to the park for a walk 
I am looking for a Head of I.T. at the office . Candidates need to be already living in Poland . If you know anybody into I.T. and with a good level , ask him/her to check the following job offer or drop me a line ;) 
http://www.gog.com/en/news/job_offer_it_master_wanted 
Adios Real , gracias Barca ( and Mourinho for the funny show with the referee :) ! 
In Moscow/Moscou ! 
Lu sur le live de l'Alsace: 
Au Racing , rien ne change . On en arrive désormais à de drôles d'extrémités . Les Strasbourgeois , qui doivent dormir ce soir à l'hôtel à Paris , n'ont pas reçu de la direction du RCS le chèque leur permettant de régler la note . Si l'établissement hôtelier refuse de transmettre la facture au club et exige d'être payé cash , les Bleus devront payer avec leurs propres deniers . 
Cannot wait to be in bed on Saturday morning and enjoy the week-end feeling ... 
Enorme mon voisin en mode " nique tout " , qui ecoute du David Guetta a fond la caisse en picolant de la vodka dans sa cuisine , alors que les voisins deviennent dingues et frappent sa porte ! RESPECT ! :)) 
Today was definitely Friday 13th , with a mix of very weird and very good news :) 
Thonon et le Chablais en Ligue1 , j'aime ! 
Lloyd Cadny , Jérôme Loos , Vincent Sineau , Nicolas Willem : je suis retombe sur d'anciennes photos et videos collectors from Frankfurt ... Le genre de documents qui pourraient ruiner a jamais notre reputation :)) Je tacherai d'uploader ca en mode prive a l'occasion ! 
Mes Que Un Club ! Barcelona 2008-2011 , the best club team of all times ? Wish they could play against the A.C. Milan from early 90's :) 
1:15 am , time to go ... jogging ! 
Flying to Los Angeles tomorrow . Back to Poland on June 14th . 
Off to see Los Angeles Galaxy against Washington D.C. United . I feel weird watching a football game in the U.S , but very curious and excited at the same time :) 
Holy crap , epic 30-minutes swim with Tom Ohle and Marcin Momot in the pacific ocean , with the water temperature being 15 degrees celsius only :) 
Boobs , boobs , boobs , skirts , skirts , skirts . I was visually harassed for 3 days and I am glad the E3 is finally over ... Too much . 
went to a psychic today with Oleg Klapovsky and Micha ? Nowakowski on Venice Beach . I know my future for the next 3 years now :-)) 
Back home . Dead . Need sleep . 
Good morning ... 
Interview homerique de Brigitte Fontaine sur France Info . Toujours autant a la ramasse :) 
So much work that I feel dizzy :-) 
Enormissime : Daniel Ljuboja a signe pour le Legia Varsovie . Vivement une photo combinant mon echarpe du Racing et sa crete de putois :)) 
Lady Gaga , symbole d'un monde qui devient fou et mediocre 
1 hour walk at night , music on , good way to relax 
Insomnia ... :( 
Direction India ! 10 days of meditation , 2 days of leisure . Interesting times ahead :) 
Quelle gardienne en carton ... :( 
Getting ready to go back to the office on Monday . Went through 500 e-mails today , mission complete :) Time to refresh my to-do list now ... ! 
Off to the cinema tonight 8:50 pm . If you wanna join , give me a call ;) 
Classifying my backlog of pictures from the last 2 years ... 
" C'etait mieux avant " 
Too kind , too dumb . And then too disappointed or sad . My bitter experience . 
Le zapping de C+ me rend depressif . Le monde marche sur la tete . 
Thomas Voeckler est vraiment enorme . Tenir si longtemps , chapeau bas ... 
I am extremely annoyed . To be polite . 
Tragic events in Norway : finally a lot of people will understand that terrorism is NOT a muslim thing ... At least I hope so . 
Direction Cyprus . Back on Friday . 
38 degrees in Nicosia today . 40 degrees tomorrow . I love air conditioning . 
People are funny :) Ego , greed , pride ==> and then they go nuts ! :) 
Message to all Polish people out there : does anybody have tickets to sell for the Euro2012 ? Contacts at the PZPN ? Any other tip ? I am desperate :) Dzieki ! 
If you use Google+ , add me to your circles ;) 
Off to Cologne , then France . Back in Warsaw on 28th August . 
Direction France . Cannot wait to visit a bakery to buy some sweet stuff :) 
Happy Legia defeated Spartak and qualified for the next round of the Europa League . Now , time to get tickets ! 
Time to live France and slowly get back to Poland 
Great ... My camera is probably broken . * sigh * 
Vraiment pas terrible cette Equipe de France de Rugby ... Triste et maladroite au possible :-/ 
Thinking of going to Brussels or Berlin in November for a long week-end . 2 great creative cities :) 
Mario Kart 3DS dated December 2nd in Europe . Bloody Nintendo , who force me to buy hardware every few years because of their games . I lost again :-/ 
Bon , ca a valu le coup le debat socialiste au final ? J'ai rate quelque chose d'interessant ou est-ce que la langue de bois a prevalu ? 
Thai massage , Italian lunch and then 3 hours of walk in the Lazienki Park . Good day . 
Direction Poznan for the week-end 
Kanker , kanker , kanker .... kanker , kanker , kanker .... KANKER HOND ! 
After several years of hesitations , I finally ordered a Playstation3 :) Give me a few weeks to warm up and let's play Fifa12 online ! 
