Rest In Peace Michael . Going to miss you so much , can't believe you're gone . You'll never be forgotten , I know I won't forget you . I just hope your in a better place now . You were amazing while you were alive and you will remain that way forever . =[ Can't 
Almost ready to head on out . Hope it's good ! W00t ! 
Haha it's official I am in love with/obessesed with Tony Slattery and I am not ashamed of it because to be quite fucking honest .... there's nothing to be ashamed of !! >=D <3 
Finished work early , so pretty happy . xD A long weekend ahead of me and I can't wait ... just have to fnd something to do now . x ] 
really wants to punch something !!! 
OhMyGod . I feel like utter shit . >_< Good thing I'm off , but I don't want to spend my holiday feeling this crap . Fuck sake . 
Come On You Jets !! Won 6 - 4 Against Peterbrough Phantoms at Ice Hockey AND got to ride there and back with our team on the coach . Awesome night ! =D Neck Hurts Though Cause I Was Sleeping Funny On The Coach . xD 
What should I dress as for halloween ?! o_o I need a cossie by next weekend . HELP !! >_< 
Life is a waste of time . Time is a waste of life . Get wasted all the time and you'll have the time of your life !! =D 
Feel like crap . What the hell did I drink last night ? o_o 
Hungry . Want roast dinner NOOOOW ! Or I'll be grumpy til I get it . >=[ -Sulks- 
Fucking .... BOO !!! 
I'm so hungry I could eat your face ! 
Need to wear PJ's to work tomorrow but doesn't wear them ... -Le Gasp ! - ;o 
A friend in need's a friend indeed , a friend with weed is better !!! =D 
Mexican Chair People !! =D 
Hello darkness my old friend , I've come to talk with you again . Because a vision softly creeping , left it's seeds while I was sleeping . And the vision that was planted in my brain , still remains , within the sound of silence . 
Feeling terrible . Sick of this evening , off to bed . =/ 
Kampf , sieg oder Tod !!! 
I am the dawg ! The big bad dawwwwg ! xD 
My brain feels like it's trying to escape from my head with a sledge hammer . o_o 
So fucking angry right now I could probably kill someone ... 
Eleanor Rigby picks up the rice in the church where a wedding has been . Lives in a dream . Waits at the window , wearing the face that she keeps in a jar by the door . Who is it for ? 
Thank God tomorrow is Friday . There shall be much drinking and then a weekend mostly consisting of sleeping and possibly Xmas shopping ... if I can be bothered ! 
Lip is now pierced . Hurt a little but not as much as I intially thought it would . Now to break it to the parents ... xD 
So Before I End The Day , Remember ... My Sweet Prince . You Are The One . 
Autumn swiftly stole the breath of body , mind and soul . 
Can't wait for tonight ! Going to be off my face lol . xD Merry Xmas in advance to all incase I'm too badly hung over to say it . <33 
Sucker love is heaven sent , you pucker up our passions spent . My heart's a tart your bodies rent , my body's broken yours is bent . 
Brittney Murphy's dead ?! What the hell is up with the year 2009 and celebrities dying ? It's freaky . o_o 
My brain feels like it's trying to escape my skull again . X_x Owww . =[ 
Hector was the first of the gang with a gun in his hand and the first to do time . The first of the gang to die !!! 
PMSL at Doogle with his head stuck in the sofa !! xDDD 
Just spent money on buying subway ... and now I really can't be bothered to eat it . >_> What a fucking waste ... X_x 
Mr Flibble's Very Cross !! >=[ 
An angel with tattered wings , to me I hear you sing . What's become is unjust , I shuffle through your lonely dust . A fire that cannot quit , upon hells throne I must sit . All I do is scream at night , it's a silent fight and for you now there's nothing right and to you I say goodnight . 
I think I'm drowing . Asphyxiated . I wanna break the spell that you've created . You're something beautiful , a contradiction . I wanna play the game . I want the friction . You will be the death of me . Yeah , you will be the death of me ... 
I don't quite know how to say how I feel . Those three words , I said too much , they're not enough ... 
Once again Facebook has decided to totally FAIL on me . Joy ! Off back to work now , just want to go back to bed . X_x First day back and I'm already sick of it lol . 
Absolutely shattered but glad to be home . Just wish this snow would fuck off . It snows before Christmas .... it snows after Christmas ... never actually on fucking Christmas itself . The weather is more retarded than I intially thought ! But at least I have alcohol and caffeine to lighten my mood about the shite weather . =] 
You say you love me like the silence of the turning earth . You say you love me like the endless roar of modern life . You say you love me like the laughter and kissed back tears . You say you love me like the past , the now , the coming years ! 
Trying to have a bit more of a positive outlook on life and hoping that this year will be a vast improvement to the last . So many things I want to achieve this year and so little time to do them in . Well , I better get started then . =] 
Slept for 15 hours ! o_o Din't realise I was that tired . And yet again no work . Woo ! Chill out day again . 
WOO ! NO WORK TOMORROW ! I get to sleep in . =D I love snow days . xD 
I wear my bomb into my chest . Is it ticking ? Cold , hard , no time to rest . I feel it kicking . 
Just had the most amazing chocolate in the world . Whiskey and Caramel . AMAZING ! 
Fuck it . Don't know why I fucking bother ! 
Why is everyone getting fined ?! o_o 
Today is BEYOND COOOLD !!!! X_x And then they say there's going to be more snow ? Fuck that . >_> 
I require you to UP YOUR VIVA !!!! >=D 
Why won't this fucking heater work ?! I'm so cold I might as well be standing outside fucking nekkid . Fuck sake . 
You took the sadness from my eyes , you wore a charming disguise . You took the truth with all your lies . You took your hat off and untied my bonnet and you took my body when you didn't even want it . ( 8 ) 
Why is it that my brain never works when I actually need to do something fucking constructive ?! Frustrating as hell ! >_< 
Just finished watching the new Star Trek movie . Absolutely amazing ! Highly reccomend you watch it , those of you that haven't . Now just awaiting a fry up and the last episode of Doctor Who with David Tennant . Trying not to cry already . xD 
Had an excellent time in London today . Was great to see everyone and had a good laugh . Definately have to do that again at some point ... and next time I'll actually buy something lol . Maybe on the bottom floor of Cyber Dog . xD 
I went to a rave and it got real moody , how can a screwface have a good time ? Was he deprived of his mothers boobie ? I doubt he's lived a life of grime . I went to a gig but nobody danced , everybody was far too cool . All the kiddies they just stood there , is it the same at their public school !? 
Really really want to run Justin Bieber over with a train . God he's annoying . 
Brother got locked in the bathroom . PMSL . xD 
Sign the ' fession !... Look into my eyes !!! O_O 
is unsure about things and wished everything could be simple . My own fault really . 
Mah Eyes are BURNING !..... ARGH !!!!! >_< 
Neeeeeeowww ! =D Additives and Caffeine . WOO ! 
? And when I place this ear against the pebbled ground I can feel the world breathe . Exhailing . Earthly sounds , they hover very deep . The mechanism turns . The clockwork creaks slowly as the molten lava churns . Loneliness is sweet ...? 
They're taking the hobbits to Isengard !!! 
Getting ready to watch Interview with a Vampire . Wooo ! Better than that Twilight nonsense !! xD 
Am I the only one that doesn't find Ackmed the terrorist funny and instead extremely annoying ? -_-; 
Trying to decide on a costume for Saturday and failing miserably . Bleh ! 
Damn it's cold . X_x 
Wants to kill someone !!!! 
It kicks like a sleep twitch ...? 
Should we put out the light ? And then put out the light . But once put out thy light , I cannot give it vital breath again . It needs must wither . 
We'll be the passenger , we'll ride through the city tonight , see the citys ripped insides . We'll see the bright and hollow sky , we'll se the stars that shine so bright . The sky was made for us tonight ! ? 
Life is a moment . There is no hereafter . So make it burn always with the hardest flame . 
I really should stop answering my phone to maniacs at 5.30 in the morning . =P Bloody nackered now . xD 
Suddenly fancy a crisp sandwhich !! o_o 
The only verdict is vengeance ; a vendetta , held as a votive , not in vain , for the value and veracity of such shall one day vindicate the vigilant and the virtuous ! 
Really not happy with where my life is at the moment , but If it's going to get any better I'm going to have to take control . Sitting around feeling sorry for yourself never helped anyone . 
Going to get into bed and read my new Anne Rice book . Hopefully the lack of a terrible hangover means I can actually understand what I'm reading . x ] 
Total and utter boredom is making this hangover worse . =/ 
Had an epic time in Windsor this afternoon ! You people bring out the worst in me , you really do . You know who you are !! xD The filth I was coming out with . My goodness ! ;o 
Feel like a zombie . X_x I think I'll avoid mixing up what I drink next time ... 
Need new reading material and not sure what is worth reading . Any reccomendations ? And don't try and persuade me to read Twilight because it's not fucking happening . x ] 
PIZZAAAAAAA ! Fuck yes . =D <3 
Lazin ' on a sunny afternoon , in the summer time !! ( 8 ) 
Think I ate that chicken a bit too quickly . Could have given Piranha a run for their money ( if they had any ) . I must have been hungry . xD 
Dad : " We're going to go and milk some leprechauns ... or at least they say it's milk . " OMFG ! WTF ?!! xDD 
? Start spreading the news . I'm leaving today . I wanna be a part of it . New york , new york ! ? 
Is off to get ready for the evening out . How exciting ! =P 
" If there ever comes a day when we can't be together , keep me in your heart , I'll stay there forever . " - Winnie The Pooh ... xD 
So fucking tired but really don't want to go to bed . Think it's time to crack open the Red Bull . 
? I broke into your house last night and left a note at your bedside . I'm far too shy to speak to you at school . You leave me numb and I'm not sure why .? 
Listening to Eric Cartman's cover of Lady GaGa's Poker Face . Fucking sweeeeet !! xD 
Feel like I'm either going to throw up or pass out . What the fuck . x_x 
? You want me ? Well fucking well come and find me , I'll be waiting with a gun and a pack of sandwhiches . ? 
Okay , my Mother has officially lost it . She's stood in the kitchen singing " Chick Chick Chick Chick Chicken , lay a little egg for me . " I think we need to call in the men with white coats . x ] 
Is in an epically fantastical mood today . Wooo ! =D 
We are The Borg . You will be assimilated . Resistance is FUTILE !!!! 
Off out for a drink ! =] Happy St. Patricks Day People ! <3 
" Every portrait that is painted with feeling is a portrait of the artist , not of the sitter . The sitter is merely the accident , the occasion . It is not he who is revealed by the painter ; it is rather the painter who , on the coloured canvas , reveals himself . The reason I will not exhibit this picture is that I am afraid that I have shown in it the secret of my own soul . " ~ Basil Hallward 
Really fancy some cake right about now ... =/ 
Penniless and tired with your hair grown long , I was looking at you there and your face looked wrong , memory is a fickle sirens song I didn't understand . In the gentle light as the morning years you don't say a single word of the last two years , where you were or when you reached the frontier . I didn't understand !! ( 8 ) 
Thinks it's strange for job applicatons to ask for your sexual orientation . Since when did they start doing that ? And what difference does that make to your job anyway ? 
Corpse Bride is on the TV !!!!! ITV 2 . Yay ! =D Lovelovelove <3<3<3 
is looking for something to munch on ! 
Is loving Eminem this morning and I don't give a fuck who knows it ! >=D 
How the fuck does Amy Lee look like Miley Cyrus ? Some people need to get their bloody eyes tested ... >_> 
He'll cut you down with a single thrust , she's taking over too quickly . No medication can cure the lost , so say a prayer for the sickly . ' Cause she belongs to heaven ... 
Had a wonderful time once again with my lovely Danny ! Lol sitting in a field eating apple crumble and custard and listening to tunes ! Good times . =P 
Why do people come on MSN and talk bullshit to me ? OMFG . o_o 
All we are saying , is give peace a chance . 
Epically bored and it is way too hot tonight . What a rubbish day ! =/ 
Praise bounteous providence if you will , that grants even an ogre a tiny glow worm , tenderness encapsulated in the icy caverns of a cruel heart or else despair for in the very germ of that kindred love is lodged the perpetuity of evil . 
No hesitation , no delay you , come on just like special k . Just like I swallowed half my stash , I never ever wanna crash . 
Is bored and can't sleep ! =/ 
Alejandro , Alejandro ! <3 
Has never heard of Red Squirrels being refered to as ' Ginger Rodents ' before today . x ] 
I won't let this build up inside of me ... 
Really not feeling for work this afternoon but ah well . Bring on 6.30 !! xD 
Hey , Asda , I'm not gonna be your bitch ! 
MY GOD WOMAN ! WHAT DO YOU EAT ?! HAVE SOME FUCKING ARSE CONTROL . JEEEEZ !!!! X_X 
Feels like a cripple . My legs are so tired I can barely walk around my house . X_X ; 
Why are Sunday's always so bloody depressing ? =/ 
I think I ate that munch a bit too quickly ... I must have been hungry . xD 
Just want this week to end now . Fucking fed up of it already . 
? ' Cause the line between wrong and right is the width of a thread from a spiders web . The piano keys are black and white , but they sound like a million colours in your mind ....? 
If I could be any part of you , Id be your tears . To be 
conceived in your heart , born in your eyes , live on your cheeks , and die 
on your lips ... 
What the fuck England ?! You're getting slaughtered out there . What the hell is wrong with you ? >=[ Get ye act together ye batards !!! 
? I got an F and a C , and I got a K too and the only thing that's missing is a bitch like U ! ? 
Is trying to figure out whether Joseph Gordon-Levitt is suppose to be playing The Riddler or is replacing Heath Ledger's Joker in Batman 3 . Rumours are so annoying . =/ 
Love you Grandad . Wish I had got to see you before you left us and I never got to see you as much and as often as I would have liked to but even so I love you and miss you loads and am thinking of you all the time . I just hope your in a better place . Rest in peace . <33333 
Fucked off with fucking EVERYTHING . Just want to go out and get totally off my face just so I can stop thinking about stupidness for one day . Fuck you brain ! You never think when I need you to and when I don't need you to you think too much . >=[ 
Just heard a Gregorian chanted version of Nirvana's Smells Like Teen Spirit .... doesn't quite have the same effect as the original . xDDD 
Well .... ding dong . ;] 
Really want a drink , but think it might still be a bit too early . =/ 
Just got home and found a giant pillow in my bedroom . Win ! XxX 
Tycho Brahe was one fucked up dude . He had a metal nose , kept a dwarf under his table who he believed to be a clairvoyent and owned a tame moose who apprently died from a drunken fall down the stairs . What the fuck ?! >_> 
Is missing you like hell right now . =/ 
Is repulsed to realise how much Cream of Mushroom Cuppa Soup resembles vomit in a mug .... esspecially with those cruton things floating around in it ... yummy . x_x 
What a knob head . Can't wait til I can get away from you . Make me fucking sick . 
Hans Zimmer . My new favourite composer alongside Micheal Nyman . Pure indesputible genius . He's like masturbation for the ears ! 
is feeling like her ovaries have been ripped out by a rabid dog . x_x 
Some women piss me of . Cleaning all the fucking time and then they complain they're tired . Just sit down and shut it . Dickhead . 
Getting a cough . Nooooo ! D= 
( 8 ) We'll be forever loving jah ! ( 8 ) 
Can I keep you . <3 
Is trying to get comfortable but can't due to the immense stabbing pains in my rib cage . Lovely . 
Just discovered the existance of " panty cupcakes " . Is the human race fucked up or what !? O_O 
" I'm sorry but I don't speak pineapple ! " 
Is dying at work but it was worth it . =] Roll on the weekend !! 
? Sun is shining ; the weather is sweeeeet ! ? WOO !! =D 
severely requires cake !!!! 
Mmm ... salad . >_> 
Crickey , look at the size of that one !! ;o 
Complaining we are disturbing your TV programme when you are blantantly conked out in your fucking arm-chair . Whatever . Go to an old peoples home if you don't like it , I'm sure there will be loads of people there to fall asleep with you during the TV programme . >_> 
Whoever the little cunt is that keeps calling me and pretending to be my ex boyfriend for whatever fucking reason is going to get their legs broken when I find out who it is . I swear when I find you I will slap you back to fucking child birth . STOP FUCKING CALLING ME !!!!! >=[ 
You know your Government are greedy bastards when they want to fine you £500 quid for a £2 bus tickets . Corrupt money grabbing mofos ! 
You men have it fucking easy , I swear . >=[ It isn't fucking fair !!!!! 
Is off back to bed in the hope that this stupid cold will pass before tomorrow . x_x 
I have a chocolate milk tray and it's mine . ALL MINE !!!! I'm going to be well sick . =S 
Wow ... this cheese is strong . I can taste more cheese than I can taste butter or cracker . x_x 
Is off to get a bakewell and a cup of tea !!! =D 
Is looking forward to tomorrow night with the best ones Danny Tyler , Holly Arthur & Holly Rowlands . Wibble wobble . xD 
Wishes she didn't have to go to the bloody job center so she could go back to bed . Grrrr . >=[ 
? I don't believe that anybody feels the way I do about you now ...? =] ? 
Isn't feeling herself lately . =/ 
Aching all over . Owww . X_X ; 
Oh yeah babeh !! ;P It's been a good night . Feeling for an all nighter . Wonder if I can manage it even though I'm meant to be at work at 11:30 . =P 
Ah this weekend is bollocks !!! Fuck it ! I'm off to bed . 
is tired of seeing cats dancing on the tv ... >_> 
Has just seen the most disturbing thing I have ever encountered online .... EVER ! My mind is scarred for LIFE ! x_x 
is feeling unusually anxious and isn't sure why . =/ 
Right this is getting fuckign ridiculous now . If your going to bitch and lie about me FUCK OFF , if you're going to be two-faced and act like a cunt FUCK OFF , if your going to use me when your bored and then abandon me when things are getting bad you can also FUCK OFF . I have no paitence for dickheads . Sort yourself out or don't come near me . 
? Sing us a song , a song to keep us warm . There's such a chill . Such a chill . ? 
" You've got 3 seconds , exactly 3 fucking seconds to wipe that stupid looking grin off your face or I will I gouge out your eyeballs and skull fuck you ! " x'D 
A big thank you to all of you who came out tonight . I had fun . Love you all ! Will to miss you Sarah Unwin . Wish you all the best and come back to us soon . <3 
Saw myself on google maps walking through my front door after taking out the rubbish . How random . xD 
Why are some women so obsessed with bloody cleaning . Fuck off ! 
Thinks some of the application methods for these retail stores are BEYOND retarded . Fuck sake ... 
Doesn't seem to be able to keep anyone happy so why bother ? 
Could do with a lovely roast dinner and loads of yorkshires right about now ... need some munch or I might start chewing on my arm . Oh and no hangover !!! Surprisingly . xD 
Haha love Russell Brand . xD <3 
The words grew hollow , meaningless somehow - thinner . I forgot why I loved the dusted air of summer . I forgot why I took my pen to paper . I forgot why I chose , a book of vapour or a written rose . As all the petals of prose fell away . At the end of the day I was left with letters . 
I woke up today and wished for tomorrow , don't want to be like anyone else . I woke up today and wished for tomorrow , don't want to even be myself . 
Sometimes I really really hate you ... 
Just got home and there's a smelly drunk man asleep on my doorstep . Lovely . o_o ; 
SCORE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! =D <33333 
( 8)Sailors fighting in the dance hall . Oh man , look at those cavemen go ! It's the freakiest show . Take a look at the law man , beating up the wrong guy . Oh man , wonder if he'll ever know ! He's in the best selling show . Is there life on mars ? (8 ) 
? I sit in my desolate room . No lights . No music . Just anger ! I killed everyone . I'm away forever , but I'm feeling better ! ? 
Of all places why do you have to come here ? You're wasting space and taking up valuble oxygen with your big head . Geddout mah house !!! >=[ 
Have another day off . Fuck yeah !!! =D 
Eyes are fucking stinging like hell . Wtf ?! >_< 
Wish my brother would cut his fucking hair . He looks like a member of the Jackson 5 . 
One more day to go and what has been a ridiculously long and knackering week will finally be over . Thank fuck for that . And now for some curry . =D 
What a moody cunt . >_> Next time talk louder and maybe I won't fucking hang up . Fool . 
Chocolate Giddyup ! xD 
Seems to have an unquenchable desire for curry at the moment . X_x Leave me alone curry addiction , there's no curry left ... 
Drinking too much tea and now have the uber shakes . o_o Not goooood . But still , bring on the evening !!! =3 
????! 
? Her remains were spread out like the pieces of a puzzle it took her 365 days putting them together . The pieces were quite difficult to distinguish from eachother . They were tiny , and the clear blue sky went on forever . Clearly the corners were an easy start , that was when everyone was still helping me out . Then it was time to fill in the frame , they left , they thought I had to have gotten over you by then ....? 
" Strangle them with your weave ! " OMFG ! xDDD 
Is feeling very opinonated this afternoon about pretty much everything ! 
really wants a kitty . =[ 
I ? Black Books . Fucking awesome comedy series . =3 
Is studing Nihilism because I keep seeing the word everywhere but I've never been too sure what it is . Should have asked Jen Smith really . =P 
really wishes people would stop putting up pictures of their vaginas on Deviant art . The more I see them the more disturbed I'm becoming . x_x And the same goes for the male equivelent . Put it away !!! 
Wish the woman covering for Paul O'Grady on the Radio would shut up crying all the time . My god woman . Do your job and read the letters , stop blubbering all over the bloody place . 
? I see blood spilled ' neath my feet , lead me through wastelands of deceit . Rest your head now , don't you cry . Don't ever ask the reason why ... ? 
Is so glad to have my laptop working again with all my old tunes . Love it ! => 
( 8 ) Was ich kann und was ich könnte ? Weiss ich gar nicht mehr . Gib mir wieder etwas Schönes , Zieh mich aus dem Meer . Ich höre dich rufen , Marian . Kannst du mich schreien hören ? Ich bin hier allein . Ich höre dich rufen , Marian . Ohne deine Hilfe verliere ich mich in diesem Ort ... ( 8 ) 
Just made some chocolate custard . Looks awful but actually tastes quite nice . =P 
Have to get up for work . Bloody knackerd . Me thinks another Red Bull may be a good idea ... and a ciggerette . 
Could really do with a Vodka and Coke right about now . Work always ruins my day . 
? You've been acting awful tough lately , smoking a lot of ciggerettes lately , but inside you're just a little baby . It's okay so say you got a weakspot , you don't always have to be ontop , better to be hated than love , love loved for what you're not . ? 
Is loving the fresh evening air coming through my new double glazed windows . Loverly ! =3 
Fucking fed up of everything ! Why can't life just be fucking simple ? Why does everything need to be so complex all the fucking time . It's utter bollocks !!! 
Is still trying to figure out WHY someone has attatched a toilet seat to the fence of the car park next to my back garden . O_o Perculiar . 
A big thank you to all you lovlies that have wished me happy birthday either by text or on facebook . Really appreicate it . Thank you , thank you and much love to every single one of you . =] 
Wondering whether Sons of Anarchy on Bravo is any good . Anyone see the first series ? 
Studies show : Intelligent girls are more depressed because they know what the world is really like . Don't think for a beat it makes it better when you sit her down and tell her everything gonna be all right . She knows in society she either is a devil or an angel with no in between . She speaks in the third person so she can forget that she's me 
Is on a coffee binge . Dont think I'll be sleeping tonight ! 
Watching Lee Mac . The man is fucking hilarous ! =D 
" Are you smoking milk ?! I said close the wooden door !! " xD 
Off to work for 2 and a half pathetic hours that I imagine will go painfully slowly . I might just shoot myself through the temple with a staple gun if it gets too much . I'm sure the little kiddies will love that . >_> Here comes my bad mood .... 
These tears we cry are falling rain , for all the lies you told us , the hurt , the blame . And we will weep to be so alone , we are lost we can never go home . 
Forgot how truly awful Batman and Robin is . My goodness ! xD George Clooneys voice really does not suit Batman . 
Desperado Beer For Breakfast . Lovely ! =D 
I won't let you walk away without hearing what I have to say . That place in my mind , is that space that you call mine . 
We're under the sheets and your killing me , in our house made of paper , your words all over me . 
really fancys a glass of port . ;o 
Well just been told I have no work AGAIN meaning I got out of bed for no reason . Thanks for that ! =D >_> 
Abashed the devil stood , and felt how awful goodness is . 
hates goodbyes . Have a safe journey home and hope to see you again soon . =[ 
? One day I went to Lidl , I went to shoplift in Lidl , then I got caught in Lidl , now I don't go back to Lidl !! ? PMSL !!!! xD 
Really sick of thd go compare advert . = ¡ 
I have screamed until my veins collapsed I've waited as my times elapsed , now all I do is live with so much fate . I've wished for this , I've bitched for that , I've left behind this little fact , you cannot kill what you did not create . 
( 8 ) I want to reconcile the violence in your heart , I want to recognise your beauty is not just a mask . I want to exorcise the demons from your past . I want to satisfy the undisclosed desires in your heart . ( 8 ) 
4 and a half hours and counting ! =] 
Bloody KNACKERED ! But it was worth it . Hahaha . ;P 
Is feeling a bit bleh today but has had an awesome weekend with some great people and her lovely boyfriend . You're the best Danny Tyler . I love you . <3 
? Oh dear god I don't feel alive , when your cut short of misery . Will you pray it be the end ? Give a look surprised wide eyes to me . Then you'll notice what I am , the scare that triggers you fear . Come know me in a different light now . Come know me as God ! ? 
( 8 ) What have I become my sweetest friend ? Everyone I know goes away in the end . And you can have it all , my empire of dirt . I will let you down , I will make you hurt . If I could start again a million miles away , I would keep myself , I would find a way . ( 8 ) 
( 8 ) Better to be hated than love , love , loved for what you're not ... ( 8 ) 
Hates filling in stupid forms that make no sense !!! -_- 
Has a job interview next week Monday for a Social work job ! ' Cited . =] Hope something actually comes of this one . 
How fucking ungreatful can you get ? I do your fucking hours for you all week and I come home to fucking ear cancer . Fuck off ! > = < 
Time to get up and do some shopping . WOO ! Bring on tonight . =] 
So , who is everyone planning on voting for in this election ? 
Falling asleep with your mouth open looks so attractive ... =/ 
is not happy . How long does it take to fit a boiler ? Fuck sake . 
Hate Sunday Service ! 
Thinks Amy Pond's fiance in Doctor Who ridiculously annoying and needs to be shot in the face . What are stupid pointless character ... 
( 8)You've been hanging with the unloved kids , who you never really liked and you never trusted but you are so magnetic , you pick up all the pins . Never committing to anything you don't pick up the phone when it ring , ring , rings . Don't be so pathetic , just open up and sing . I'm vulnerable , I'm vulnerable , I am not a robot . You're loveable , so loveable , but you're just troubled ... ( 8 ) 
( 8 ) I said maybe , you're gonna be the one that saves me , and after all you're my wonderwall . ( 8 ) 
( 8 ) Oh you’d better stop before you tear me all apart . You’d better stop before you go and break my heart . ( 8 ) 
Why do some blokes take a fucking eternity in the shower ? What are you doing , plucking your leg hairs ?! Jeez maaan . -_- 
Is wondering why my garden smells like clean clothes but n o-o ne has hung any washing out . O_o 
<3 ' z Friday night comedy . Mock the Week , Shooting Stars and Rev . Love it ! =D 
If I was your vampire , certain as the moon instead of killing time we'll have each other until the sun . If I was your vampire , death waits for n o-o ne . Hold my hands across your face , because I think our time has come . 
" Don't shake your maternity bra at me ! " xD Love Tony Slattery . 
Is watching a youtube video on " How to blow-dry your hair " ... thought it was pretty straight forward really . Obviously not . >_> 
Show me what it's like to be the last one standing , and teach me wrong from right and I'll show you what I can be . And say it for me , say it to me and I'll leave this life behind me , say it if it's worth savin ' me . 
? I've been watching your world from afar , I've been trying to be where you are , I've been secretly falling apart . Unseen . To me your strange and your beautiful . You'd be so perfect with me , but you just can't see you turn every head but you don't see me . ? 
Had a craving for prawns . o_o 
Least I got chicken ! >=D 
Ugh . Cher is awful . Why do you people watch this reality tv shit ? Honestly ... 
Red wine and chinese food . Oh yeah !!! =D 
Interrogation . Oooo ! ;O 
People in this house are such dickheads . If you want me to do something give me the correct fucking information . I'm not bloody physcic , I can't read peoples fucking minds so I can find out what they want me to do . " Oh the letter about the trip was on the notice board in the kitchen " " I NEVER LOOK AT THE FUCKING NOTICE BOARD IN THE FUCKING KITCHEN !!! WHY PUT IT THERE ?! " Fucking gay tard ... 
Has just been told about a man in America who's wife chopped his penis off . He then had to get it sown back on again and was later asked to star in a porno called " Franken-Penis " xD 
Had a lovely day hanging around Slough with Kristian Strolia ! I think I might need to make you my new personal stylist , you actually give input and keep me away from the black stuff . x ] Must meet again soooooon ! =D 
Feel free to continue treating me like crap but just remember : I decide what old people's home you go in . >=P 
( 8 ) Here's a little song I wrote , you might want to sing it note for note ; Don't worry , be happy ! ( 8 ) 
" My vote is that putting salt on a salad is like saying ' I'm gonna take a walk ' and then you get on a conveyer belt ... " Chris Crocker is an extremely scary weirdo but I just love that line . xD 
Cormamin niuve tenna ' ta elea lle au ' <3 
has an immense headache right now . Bleh . x_x 
( 8 ) Tune out everyone in the crowd because now it's just me and you . Come fall in love with the sound . Make a pact to each other when no one's around , put the cross between me and you . Who wants to fuck with us now ? (8 ) 
( 8 ) Mondays is for drinking to the seldom seen kid . ( 8 ) 
Hello All ! I have a new mobile number so if you want it then save it and text/message me yours : 07933624644 
Had a Blue Tit land on her windowsil this morning but it flew off before I could take a picture . = < 
Show me a smile then , don't be unhappy , can't remember when I last saw you laughing . 

If this world makes you crazy 
and you've taken all you can bear you call me up because you know I'll be there ... 
Couldn't sleep and so has tidied her room , re-arranged the bookshelf , sorted through clothes and changed bedsheets . Actually put my time to good use for once . 
Some blokes can seems to have a straight conversation with a girl without having to slip in stupid questions like " What's your dress size ? " and " How big are your tits ?! " Get a life you pathetic , good for nothing perverts . Women aren't sex objects , they're human beings . Treat them with some fucking respect or you might find yourself waking up in the morning without a penis . Alright ?! 
Is planning out her hubby's Xmas pressies . Going to make this Xmas as special for you as possible Danny Tyler , I promise you that . <3 
I've still got your face , painted on my heart , scrawled upon my soul , etched upon my memory baby . I've got your kiss still burning on my lips , the touch of your fingerstips , the love that's deep inside of me . 
You treat me just like another stranger , well it's nice to meet you Sir . I guess I'll go . I must be on my way now . 
" Google won't search for Chuck Norris because it knows you don't find Chuck Norris , he finds you . " LOL ?! xD 
Kampf sieg oder tod !!! 
is trying to decide what she wants to do with her life . =/ 
If I only could make a deal with God , I'd get him to swap our places . Be running up that road , be running up that hill , be running up that building . If I only could ... 
Watching Columbo . The man is pure awesomness !! 
( 8 ) Birds flying high , you know how I feel . Sun in the sky , you know how I feel . Breeze drifting on by , you know how I feel . It's a new dawn , it's a new day it's a new life for me and I'm feeling gooooood ! (8 ) ;P 
( 8 ) Turn around Neville ! Turn around Nevile ! We need to thank you tonight . We love you more than all the rest , cause Neville baby your the best ! Once upon a time you were buying some stuff , and now your walking back to your car . And Neville now your here , we're thanking you straight from the heaaaart !! ( 8 ) Absolutely love the Master Card advert . <3 
Is wondering why she is already awake . =\ 
Feels to get pissed . Yes it is 5:15 in the afternoon but I am bored and being intoxicated makes even the most abismal tasks slightly more interesting . Now , shall I go for a Dark Rum or Sainsbury's Wine ? xD 
God kills indiscriminitely , and so shall we , for no creatures under God are as we are , none so like Him ... as ourselves . 
LOL . Another interview . I'm on a roll today me thinks . =] 
Drinking wine and discussing The Lord of the Rings . Feel like such a nerd but oh well . =P 
Is on the brink of throwing this stupid piece of shit laptop out of the window . Computers are such dickheads ... 
Why do people give their pets such retarded names ? >_> What's wrong with you ?! 
Hates being a women . Why do we have to suffer all the pain and ickyness ? Having a penis seems to grant an easier and less painful way of life . Not fair ! 
Oh joy , another glorious day of working . How exciting . Someone kill me now ... 
Plan B's song Suzanne is a bit scary ... in particular the bit with the chainsaw noise and the screaming . Not nice to listen to in a dark room when your trying to get to sleep ... especially when you're not expecting it . =/ 
Miranda ! <3 
Happy Anniversey Mum & Dad ! 20 years . Bloody hell , how have you not killed each other by now lol . =P <3 
Severely craving chinese food ... again and really wishes all theis annoying buzzy flying things would get the fuck out of my living room before I impale it with a toothpick . 
You know what .... fuck it ! >_> 
This is a motherfuckin ' invitation , the only one you could ever need . This is a motherfuckin ' invitation . You try me . 
I <3 Mr Bean . =] 
I give up with you ... 
doesn't understand why the world is full of so much homophobia . You can't help how you were born to feel . You can't choose what race you are so why is sexuality any different . The human race needs to stop being so dickheaded and ignorant . 
Haven't you heard that I'm the new cancer ? Never looked better and you can't stand it ! 
" If that's democracy then I'm a bananna ! " David Cameron is such a pleb . -_-; 
' Cause it's a bittersweet symphony , this life . Try to make ends meet you're a slave to money then you die . I'll take you down the only road I've ever been down . You know the one that takes you to the places where all the veins meet yeah ... 
( 8 ) The ones you've hurt , I hope they hurt you too . The things you've done will eat away at you ... ( 8 ) 
( 8 ) One .. Two I'll start with you because you have the most to loose . Three .. Four On the ground , humanity is going down . Five .. Six Now attack , this time with no touchbacks . Seven , Eight In spite of all our instincts we must strike ! ( 8 ) 
is in so much pain right now . X_X 
Skadoosh ! 
Estelio han . Estelio veleth . <3 
Burgers = Love <3 
PMSL . Gandalf and Bilbo smoking weed . What drug heads . xD 
WE'RE THROUGH !!!!!!!! WELL DONE LADS , YOU FUCKING DID IT . <333 
All bees and wasps should die or at leat stay the fuck out of my house ... >=[ 
Passed out on my arm and woke up to find I had cut off the blood circulation . Lovely . >_< Floppy bloodless arm ftw . >_> 
The amount of people dying this year is starting to get scary ... R.I.P Paul Gray . I don't think Slipknot will be the same without you . =[ xxx 
Has just witness something so DISGUSTING I'd actually willingly put my head in a blender right about now . Going to have nightmares tonight , I can sense it . x__x 
" Sitting on a wall wanking in the wind ! " My dad comes out with some hilarious lines . xD 
Don't you just hate it when people come to your house un-invited and just piss you off immensly ? I do ... a lot . >_> 
It's funny how people get rid of you and then come running back as soon as they get into a bit of trouble . Had enough of people playing me for some kind of dickhead . You're not going to be convenient for me so why should I be for you ? Have fun ! ;D Haha ! 
Hakkuna Matata ! 
Is all sneezey with a sore throat , but refuses to sit around moping about it ! Now for some tea and hopefully some bacon when Danny Tyler eventually decides to get his big bum out of bed and deliver it to me . Love you ! =P 
Is not amused ... not at all . 
( 8 ) Honey now if I'm honest I still don't know what love is . Another mirage folds into the haze of time recalled and now the floodgates cannot hold . All my sorrow , all my rage , a tear drop falls on every page . ( 8 ) 
Should not have had that vodka and cherry coke so early . X__X 
( 8 ) Too many dicks on the dancefloor . TOO MANY DICKS !!! ( 8 ) 
Some human beings are just self-destructive . No matter how much you try to talk to them and help them they seem to think they know better and they only realise what they've done to themselves when it's too late . I suppose , as much as you may want to you can't save everyone ... 
Fun times last night with Sammy-Jo Higgins . Last minute change of plans turned out to be a pretty good idea . Now for another night out on the piss . Can't wait . WOO ! =] 
Has suddenly developed an addiction to drinking wine . Love it !!! <33 
Okay this is seriously starting to get fucking pathetic now ... 
Doesn't know what to do anymore ... 
I ate his liver with some fava beans and a nice chianti ... >=P 
Made her first rolley . Yay ! 
You make it all go away , you make it all go away . I just want something . I just want something I can never have ... 
Had an excellent evening yesterday at the Crown and Treaty for Suzanne Coleman's birthday . Definately should go back there again soon , what an epic pub !! And had Amy Marie Suggitt over this morning for a chit-chat and some pic uploading . Have fun shopping m'dear! =P 
Has had and excellent evening and feels absolutely fantabulous ! However I am particularly sleepy . Good Night M'dears . Bring on the Red Lion tonight ! =D 
( 8 ) I've still got your face painted on my heart , scrawled across my soul , etched upon my memory baby . I've got your kiss , burning on my lips , the touch of your fingertips , this love so deep inside of me . ( 8 ) 
Omg ! Simons bum ! xD 
Is amused by the riduculously obese pigeon sitting in the tree in my garden . 
Is not fucking impressed about being woken up after under 4 hours sleep if even that . Not fucking impressed at all .... 
Fucking hell . Curtis is Misfits sounds well posh in real life . O_O 
Is struggling to come up with a title for her new blog . Meh . x_x 
Woke up at 4am for whatever reason and can't get back to sleep . Great . 
Is rather dissapointed that the " White Tea " she just made isn't white at all . =/ Blah ! 
Has just realised my that my feet have tanned but my toes are still pale because of the shoes I was wearing . Good thing we're sunbathing tomorrow Abigail Sylivia Winspear ! =P 
Dizzee Rascal wearing a Nirvana T-shirt ? Really ? O_o 
( 8 ) It's the burn the witch mentality that's hunting down and killing me . " Think for yourself " is heresy , an utter sin of blasphemy . It's the burn the witch mentality with flames of hate and jealousy . A crusade against identity where innocent are found guilty . ( 8 ) 
( 8 ) Life's no ordeal if you come to terms . Reject the system dictating the norms . ( 8 ) 
Why is nothing ever easy ? =/ 
( 8 ) Betty said she prayed today for the sky to blow away , or maybe stay , she 
wasn't sure . For when she thought of summer rain calling for her mind again , she 
lost the pain 
and stayed for more . ( 8 ) 
( 8 ) Let's have a war ; sell the rights to the network . Let's have a war ; let our wallets get fat like last time . Let's have a war ; give guns to the queers . Let's have a war ; the enemy's within . It's already started in the city . Suburbia will be just as easy . ( 8 ) 
Needs to start making some changes to her life . Get some training , find a new job and get out of this damn house asap . 
Is loving Jimi Hendrix today . <3 
Is eating cereal at 4.30 in the afternoon . Mmmm . Wish my sunday dinner would hurry up . =/ 
Is trying to think of a name to give her new little bug friend that's made itself at home on her computer screen . Hmmm . =/ 
Now spread your wings and sail out to me ... 
If you don't wanna dance to the beat , just bop your head to the beat . 
( 8)So goddamn easy to write this , you make it spill on the page . So 
drunk on your self , self-righteous , the laughin stock on your own 
fucking stage . But I ain't one to call names or throw stones in a house of glass . You 
try me . ( 8 ) 
Come on England ! Please England don't let us down again . You know what you need to do , do us proud !!! 
( 8)Irish blood , English heart , This I'm made of . There is n o-o ne on Earth I'm afraid . And I will die with both of my hands untied . I've been dreaming of a time when the English are sick to death of Labour & Tori's and spit upon the name Oliver Cromwell . And denounce this royal line that still salute him , and will salute him forever . ( 8 ) 
YAY ! He's alive !!!! =D 
LOL . Fannie Bay . Austrailia has the funniest place names . xD 
" And another thing ... stop putting vegetables in my bedding ! It's perverse ... " 
Don't even know why I come back here anymore . 
But you never gave me nothing that I could hold onto ... 
Don't know why I even bother sometimes . 
Has a very sleepy Danny lying next to me . Awwh diddums . =P 
Just goes to show . No matter who you vote into government , they'll still break their promises and try to fuck you over . 
( 8 ) I need someone to show me the things in life that I can't find . I can't see the things that make true happiness , I must be blind . Make a joke and I will sigh and you will laugh and I will cry . Happiness I cannot feel and love to me is so unreal . And so as you hear these words telling you now of my state 
I tell you to enjoy life I wish I could but it's too late . ( 8 ) 
Very tired and not looking forward to having to spend tomorrow finishing her CV . Effort ! =[ But it must be done . 
( 8 ) Daily , except for sunday , you dwadle into the cafe where you meet her each day . Heartbeat , increasing heartbeatx as twenty cannibles have hold of you , they need their proteins just like you do . This town ain't big enough for the both of us , and it ain't me who's gonna leave ! ( 8 ) 
Thinks the video for Lady Ga Ga's Alejandro is excellent and that all the stupid fucktards that keep saying it's pornography or coming out with bullshit like she's a memeber of the Illuminati should quit talking bollocks . >_> 
( 8 ) And then you took the words right out of my mouth . It must have been when you were kissing me ... ( 8 ) 
Doesn't like being in the house with Mum because I always seem to get interrogated about things . =S Not cool . 
FUCK ! O_O 
How can you just leave me standing ? Alone in a world that's so cold ? Maybe I'm just too demanding . Maybe I'm just like my father too bold . Maybe you're just like my mother , she's never satisfied . Why do we scream at each other ? This is what it sounds like when doves cry . 
" Do I look like a reasonable man to you , or a peppermint nightmare ? " xD 
Is off to a BBQ at Amy's mothers house and is very much looking forward to seeing everyone again , it's been ages ! Bring on the meat and booze , WOO !! 
Feels sick , upset and frustrated . I'm so sick of all this fucking drama . Why is it so difficult for human beings to just get along with each other ? I don't understand . Do some people just thrive on fighting with each other ? Bored and fed up of it . Miss the good days when everyone got along and had a laugh and didn't fight and argue all the time . Why does everything always change for the worst ? =[ 
( 8 ) I bled on a pivotal stretch like a clockwork christ bears sore stigmata bored . And as I threw Job , I drove myself to a martyred wretch to see if I drew pity or pretty litanies from the Lord . ( 8 ) 
Happy Fathers Day Dad . Love you LOADS ! You're the best . =3 <3 
And when I say goodnight the pictures in my head dance around my room and frolic in my bed . And when I say good day they hide behind my eyes , waiting for the dreaming to bring them back alive . 
is learning to play the piano duet from Corpse Bride . Sort of got it as well . =D Yay ! 
( 8 ) Sit on my face and tell me that you love me . Sit on my face and tell you I love you too ... ( 8 ) LMAO ! Love Monty Python . xD 
Oh my god ! Epic amounts of cake in my house . Tannie is happy ... very happy . =D 
Power corrupts . Absolute power corrupts absolutely . 
( 8 ) Always stays the same , nothing ever changes . English Summer rain , seems to last for ages . ( 8 ) 
It's not rape if you shout surprise !!! =D 
Too much caffeine being pumped around my body . It's a heart attack waiting to happen . =S 
" You see Coraline , my new songs go OOOMPAH OOOMPAH , but the jumping mice they play only toodle-toot , like that . Is nice , but not so much amazing . " - Mr Bobinsky from Coraline . LEGEND !!! xD 
Fucking BOO ! England are shit . Get your act together you bastards . >=/ 
I love swings ! Hehe ! 
I give up with some people . You try to be nice and they still choose to be all distant and hostile towards you . Human beings are cunts . 
has just made a chocolate toffie milkshake . =3 
Had fun tonight with the ladies ! Great to see Sarah . Loving all my mates , your the best ! You all should know who you are ! =D 
Headache . x_x 
Wants to kill the cunts outside that keep blasting music through their fucking car Stereo . I swear it wasn't fucking illegal I'd dismember you and set fire to your car . Noisey bastards ... 
" ARGGGGHHHHHHHHH ! " " Quiet down , It's just a fur-wound ! " xP 
SHITE !!!!!! >=[ Fucking awful . 
They call me the wild rose , but my name was Eliza Day . Why they called me it I do not know . For my name was Eliza Day . 
FUCKING CUNTS ! That was IN ! Bastards . It was so clearly fucking in . GGGRRRRRRR ! 
" On a hot summer night , would you offer your throat to the wolf with the red roses ? " " Yes ! " " I bet you say that to all the boys ... " 
Amin mela lle <3 
" Here have a communion wafer ! Yeah that's right .... eat your Jesus biscuit . Eat it right up ! " Hahaha love this show ! xD 
Is chilling out with music , a glass of wine and a bacon sandwhich . Loving today ! =3 
' I don't know much about bungees , but I don't think he meant to be slammin ' into the floor like that . ' XD 
Cant sleep . Will probably be up til 4am with fuck all to do . Joy ! On the plus side looking forward to seeing SOD and Slipknot at Download and Sonisphere next year and having a year free of douchebags . ' Citing . 2011 better be good or someone is getting their legs broken ... 
Is going to kill her laptop if it doesn't start working properly . > = < 
( 8 ) Shock shock , horror horror , shock shock horror , I'll shout myself hoarse for your supernatural force . The female of the species is more deadlier than the male . ( 8 ) 
Bye Bye World Cup Trophy . ='[ 
Doesn't like being up this early as it makes the day feel longer . Blah ! =/ 
Feels like complete and utter shite ... 
Mash-up week ! WOOO ! 
Has had a fun evening . Randomness , Park Shananigans and a Painful but amusing bike ride home . =P Fun times with my lovely Danny T ! Woo ! =D 
The cunt that keeps trying to fight my brother better fucking back off unless he wants to get the shit kicked out of him . Kids these days are little fucks ! 
Why is it that when you want something done other people are fucking slow as hell about it . At soon as they want you to do something they expect you to do it instantly . Bloody hypocrite . Some people need a fucking smack ... 
" Everybody stay the fuck down , or I will shoot her in the face ! " xD Love Nathan from Misfits . Cracks me up immensly . =P 
Well we're fucked . Only a miracle can turn this around now . =/ 
Really can't be bothered anymore . =/ 
I give up . I try to help you and you throw it back in my face . It shouldn't take me to tell you that something is BAD , for you NOT to do it . Have some bloody common sense and sort your fucking life out . Bellend . 
is bloody knackered . x_x 
Has the giggles this morning . Think I might be going insane ! o_o ; 
Stupid facebook group ad has made me crave Krispie Kreme dougnuts .... -Whines- I HAVE NO MONEY ! Bastards ! =/ 
Loves how some people think they know it all and then when you show them up they just make themselves look like total knob-heads by continiously protesting their point even when they are WRONG ! Hahaha ... 
Is loving her ragdoll make-up right now , though these stick on eyelashes are making my eyes water a little bit . 
Has just had enough . Can't wait until Wednesday when I can actually have some good friends around me . 
Really need to get away from Slough for a while ... 
What is wrong with people ? Going around smashing peoples car windows in for the fuck of it . Pretty low level of entertainment wouldn't you say ? 
It's a forkin ' bananna ! xD 
( 8)Look my eyes are just holograms . Look your love has drawn red from my hands . From my hands you know you'll never be , more than twist in my sobriety . ( 8 ) 
It's funny how people can have bad shit that happens to them in the past and instead of learning a lesson from it , they copy it and do the same to other people . It just doesn't make sense to me . Learn from your past in order to improve your future , don't repeat the mistakes made by the ones who raised you or it just ends up making you as bad as they were ... 
Is in a fantastical mood . Just hope this Job Center bollocks doesn't ruin it like it did last time . But fuck it anyway , life is spiffy !!! =D 
Is in a bit of a dillemma with what degree to apply for University next year . Creative Writing BA or Youth & Community Work BA . =/ Bleh . Decisions , decisions . 
( 8 ) Svetlana sucks lemons across from me , and I am progressing abominably and I do not know my own way to the sea , but the saltiest sea knows it's own way to me . ( 8 ) 
Wow ... that was one emotional Fresh Prince of Bel-Air episode ... o_o 
Has the best boyfriend ever ! =3 And finally is able to get some proper sleep as well ! Knackerd as hell . 
Has a nice long walk home in the pouring rain . My hoodie is soaked through as is everything else I was wearing and my shoes were filled with so much water I was practically floating in them . =P Summer Rain ! <3 
What an abismal performance ! Terrible . Truly and utterly awful . Actually to be honest I can't find any words to describe just HOW shit England performance was . Get a proper job now fellas because you're obviously useless at footie . 
Can't wait for the weekend ! Going to be a good one . Excited !!! =D ILoveYou Dannyface !! <3<3<3 
One is not fucking amused .... at all . -_- 
Feeling fucked ! x__x Tired but cannot go back to sleep . Blarg ! Was a good night though . =3 Wooo ! 
Wumpscut <3 
Magnetic Man is so good . O_O 
Hates it when you have to watch someone you love suffering with no idea of what you can do to help them . =( 
This world is full of complete and utter morons .... it's infuriating . 
Counting numbers gives Tannie epically bad headache . Guh ! x_x 
needs to loose some weight but really can't be bothered . =/ 
? My sweet prince , you are the one .... ? <3 
Has a job interview tomorrow at Baylis House ! Yay ! =D Happy , happy , happy . Hope it goes well . Now off to get some Chinese munch . Oh yeah ! 
( 8 ) Eleanor Rigby picks up the rice in a church where a wedding has been . Lives in a dream . Waits at the window , wearing a face that she keeps in a jar by the door . Who is it for ? All the lonely people . Where do they all come from ? All the lonely people . Where do they all belong ? (8 ) 
Why is modern day society so shallow ? Everything seems to revolve around physical appearance and material possesions . If your good looking , skinny and have a sizeable pair of jugs you can get whatever you want with very little effort whereas if you are intelligent but not exactly drop dead gorgeous and have the drive and passion for what you do you don't get as far or become as successful . Doesn't seem fair to me . =/ 
Ugh . You know what . FUCK IT ! >_> 
Has had the freakiest nightmare about giant long legged spiders thanks to that damn Spider Gremlin in Gremlins 2 . Lucky I had a samurai sword to protect me ! ;o 
Chilling with Danny T and Willie P watching Being John Malkovich . Good times ! =D 
“Listen to anyone with an original idea , no matter how absurd it may 
sound at first . If you put fences around people , you get sheep . Give 
people the room they need . ” — William McKnight 
Really loosing my fucking patience with EVERYTHING ... 
( 8 ) If this world is wearing thin and you're thinking of escape , I'll go anywhere with you , just wrap me up in chains . But if you try to go alone , don't think I'll understand . Stay with me . ( 8 ) <3<3<3 
" I came here to drink milk and kick arse ... and I've just finished my milk " PMSL ! 
DAS IST FORBODEN !! 
Wow , some people need to develop a sense of humour and not take shit so personally . Bellends . >_> 
( 8 ) You can consume all the beauty in the room baby , I know you can , I've seen you do it . And it brings up up the wind and it rises around you in pillars of colour . ( 8 ) 
“I am against religion because it teaches us to be satisfied with not understanding the world . ” ~ Richard Dawkins 
( 8 ) I jumped in the river and what did I see ? Black-eyed angels swam with me . A full moon of stars and astral cards and all the figures I used to see . All my lovers were there with me , all my past and futures . And we all went to heaven in a little row boat . There was nothing to fear and nothing to doubt . ( 8 ) 
Cher Lloyd is the biggest pleb I have ever laid eyes on . Not only is she unbelievably annoying , trying too hard to be black when she isn't and has one of the most hideous faces I have ever seen , she is also epically talentless . X-Factor , try to start aquiring human beings with talents worth wasting minutes of your life watching on the TV screen , not douches like her and Cheryl Cole . Ugh ! 
Bill Bailey : One of the best stand up comics our country has to offer !!! 
Darlin ' I'll bathe your skin , I'll even wash your clothes , just give me some candy before I go . Oh darlin ' I'll kiss your eyes and lay down on your rug , just give me some candy after my hug . 
Isn't feeling too good . Ugggh . -_-; 
Loving this stormy weather . =3 <3 
( 8 ) Angels have no thoughts for ever returning you . Will they be angry if I will be joining you ? ( 8 ) 
So , just finished watching A Clockwork Orange and didn't find it particularly shocking or disturbing . I don't know if that says something about my state of mind . =\ Regardless of that it was a good movie and Malcom McDowell wasn't all that bad looking in his younger days ! I'm totally doing a Droog look for the next fancy dress I go to though . =P 
Thinks she probably shouldnt have drank that extra strong cup of tea so late as now she cannot sleep ! At least I have music to keep me company til it wears off . 
You shut your mouth , how can you say I go about things the wrong way . I am human and I need to be loved , just like everybody else does . 
Anyone going down Farnham Royal fireworks display ? 
Is feeling a mixture of annoyance , sadness and thoughtfulness . Don't understand why the world is the way it is sometimes and why some people do such horrible things to the people they are meant to care about the most . It makes no sense ... 
Okay , seriously . Maybe I'm just in an easily irritable mood but I really really want to punch this smart arsed motherfucker so fucking hard his great great great great great grandfather will feel it . Know-it-alls piss me off MAJORLY . 
Why did I not start listening to Meshuggah before ? They're sooo good ! ;o 
This chilli-sauce sandwhich is burning my face off ... 
Haha my mum actually has a sense of humour sometimes . Conspiring against my father with The Clangers for whatever reason . How perculiar ! xD 
( 8 ) Dancing bears , painted wings , things I almost remember . And a song someone sings , once upon a december . ( 8 ) 
Thinks it's cruel how people judge other from appearance and even worse how someone can have a child and then disown him/her just because they don't look ' normal ' . 
Why does everything always have to be so bloody complicated ?! 
Is up making a shopping list with her hubby . We might as well be married already ! =P <3 
I went throughout the land , an hour an hour the days went by , from dawn til setting sun . 
Has a job interview in 15 minutes . Wish me luck guys ! So nervous . =S 
Fuck sake . Well signing up for that was a waste of time . >_> 
is eating Golden Nuggets . OMNOMNOM !!! =3 
You wanted perfect , you got your perfect , but now I'm too perfect for someone like you . I was a dandy in your ghetto with a snow white smile and you'll never be as perfect whatever you do . 
I've acquired a kind of madness . Daylight fills my heart with sadness . And only silent skies can soothe me . Feel that night air flowing through me . 
Has gummy bears . Happiness ! 
Missing you already . =[ <3 
Piers Morgan = The biggest fucking bellend on British Television . 
On a slightly lighter note I have just noticed that my brother walks like Robo-Cop . O_o He gets stranger by the day that child . 
<3 ' z Radiohead . =] 
Got milk ?! 
Is in Camden with Danny and Holly Cool buying Nitro-Ice Cream and has been bought a pretty red and black polka dot dress by her lovely boyfriend . Yay ! =D 
Storm times ! Oh yes . Love it !!! <3<3 
Finally has ' A Clockwork Orange ' in my DVD collection . Been wanting to see this film for YEARS ! Can't wait to watch it . ' Cited !! =] 
Each noise has a story to tell . Each sound has a whisper . Each whisper has a story to tell . Close your eyes and listen . 
Magneto : A combination of a magnet and a cornetto . xD 
Fail Videos on Youtube are always so much funnier while slightly pissed . xD 
Doesn't know what to dress up as for Halloween ! Any Ideas people ? 
I really want to hurt you but it would be against my principles ... 
Feels like death warmed up . Ugh . =/ 
It's a god awful small affair to the girl with the mousy hair , but her mummy is yelling " No " and her Daddy has told her to go . But her friend is nowhere to be seen , now she walks through her sunken dream to the seat with the clearest view and she's hooked to the silver screen , but the film is a saddening bore , for she's lived it ten times or more . She could spit in the eyes of fools as they ask her to focus on ... 
Feels totally and utterly mashed . Guuuuh . x_x 
Why are younger siblings complete and utter morons ? Bloody hell ... 
So that didn't actually turn out that badly . The pancakes aren't exactly pretty to look at but at least they taste good . =P Yum yum . 
You know you're shit at makeup when you have to get boyfriend to apply your eyeliner for you . Thanks Danny . Lol ! 
Dislikes women on the menopause . They are by far worse than girls on their period . 
Watch us wreck the mic ... Psyche ! xD 
Running on three hours sleep today . Fantastic ! As well as that some fucking norman broke into my mothers car . AGAIN . What the hell is wrong with this town ?! 
Love You Danny ! <3 
Just as I get ready to leave the house it decides to snow . Joy . 
And when I close my eyes this blackened canvas falls . And darkness starts to shine and dreams begin to call . And when I watch them float I hold my sleeping breath , these secrets , hidden truths that live beyond my death . 
Guh . Feel terrible . -_-' 
Anyone know of any jobs going anywhere ? 
Is bored and has decided to attempt to make pancakes . This may end badly . x ] 
Robert Pattinson is the worlds sexinest man ?! Fucking hell , people these days have no taste or no eyes .... BLEH . 
Why send and email to someone if you're going to put in the subject " Do Not Read ! " If you don't want me to read it then don't fucking send it to me in the first place ! Some people are infuriatingly daft . >=[ 
Sick of seeing Cheryl Cole's face everywhere . ARGH ! >_< 
Is on her way back from London . What a mashup weekend . Hope everyone had a good New Year ! 
The wandering eye I have caught is as hot as a wandering sun . But I will want for nothing more , in the garden to start again in the hardening of every heart but one . 
I still recall the taste of your tears , echoing your voice just like a ringing in my ears . My favourite dreams of you still wash ashore scraping through my head ' til I don't wanna sleep anymore . You make this all go away , you make this all go away , I'm down to just one thing I'm starting to scare myself . You make this all go away , you make it all go away . I just want something , I just want something I can never have . 
Sunday afternoon television is abismal . = ¡ 
Has just witnessed a strange old man that looked a bit like a hobbit having a full blown conversation with himself in the middle of the street . o_O 
Pinch ! Punch ! The first of the month ! =P 
Public transport is smelly . =/ 
Has come to the conclusion that some people just aren't worth the hassle they cause . I've stressed over you for far too long and you've made it clear that my friendship means fuck all to you so I'm going to stop wasting my time . I have better shit to do . 
P . S : To someone else who IS worth my time : I'm really proud of you . =) 
Feels exhusted and hasn't even done anything today . What the hell ! =/ 
has a shilling , an american dollar from the 80's , a canadian dollar , a thruppeny bit and some euros ! Dunno where I got them from though . 
Why is it that you don't hear of many GOOD all female metal bands ? Or at least I haven't anyway ... =/ 
Cannot stand the new GTA game . Saints Row is a lot better and much more interesting but I like do the radio stations . Only good thing about it . 
If you're not going to sack it , go home and wack it ! 
Hates old people that make stupid noises to entertain children . It's not funny , it's annoying . Your disturbing everyone else that can fucking head you and the child most probably things you a a retarded fuck face . SHUT UP . 
Would like a job where I get paid to eat food please . =) 
This world is just illusion , always trying to change you . 
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU !!!!!!! 
Go away flu ! You have no power over me ... -_- 
Grrrrrr . Fucking bollocks ... I hate human beings . Fucking die . 
If I don't punch someone by the end of today I'll be fucking surprised ... 
Really cannot be fucked with this anymore ... 
" They fuck you up , your mum and dad . They may not mean to , but they do . They fill you with the faults they had , and add some extra , just for you . " 
Is aching all over , blah ! But has a job interview in one and a half hours . Hope it goes well ! 
Wish certain individuals would grow up and stop clinging to the past . Move on with your lives ! Also , you can't always have things the way you want them to be so quit giving people crap just because they won't do shit on YOUR terms . Get over it , people are individuals who will do and speak to who they want . Seems to me you have plenty of issues of your own , I would reccomend a good psyciatrist ... or a shot-gun . 
Has had an awesome weekend ! Party at the abode of the drummer of Babyshambles , the anti-racism festival and now chilling and watching ' Jam ' with Danny T , Holly Cool , Holly Row and Joe B . Fun times . =D 
Don't remember anything that happened last night . Lol ! 
Is in finsbury park at the anti-racism festival ! 
My Chemical Romance have turned really weird . O_o ' 
Some Angel Cake and a cup of tea . Lovely ! =) 
Don't understand how in this stupid country we get a bit of snow and everything comes to a stand still . America gets worse snow than us and they deal with it . 
Is exploding bunnies . Hehehehemwhahaha ! 
Is eating a cadbury creme egg for breakfast . Mmmm ... 
Flash aaah , savior of the universe ! 
Its gettin ' cold in here so put on all your clothes . I am getting so cold , I'm gonna put mah clothes on ! =D 
Fuck off cold ! You have no power over me !!! >=[ 
And I dreamt over and over , of you holding me tight under the stars . I made a promise to my dear lord , I will love you forever . <3<3<3 
Wants to punch monday morning right in its fucking face . 
Prick . 
Is having a yummy pasta and garlic bread dinner made by her lovely Danny with a nice hot cup of tea . Mmm ... =3 
Happy Birthday Dad ! Love you lots . xxxxx <3333 
Noooo ! Don't kill Jack . I like Jack . =[ 
That girl in Misfits was fucking scary ! 
Merry Christmas , to one and all !!! <3 
You can always find something to complain about can't you ? Knob head ... -_- 
Where has all the time gone ? Next month is Xmas and the month after that it's 2011 . Scary . =/ 
Right , so finally finished sewing all the buttons back on my coat so now I can actually shut it rather than freezing to death . Now for some Peppermint and nettle tea and a bit of washing and tidying . Need to actually make use of all the free time I have now . 
Is looking forward to Dad's day early birthday dinner . Yummy foods and alcomaholz . WOO ! 
Has never had so much hassle ordering a taxi . He has a sat-nav in his car and yet he's calling me up asking me for directions . You're the taxi driver !!! Bloody hell . I think they should fire him and give me his job , I'd be better at it .... althought I can't drive ... >_> 
Misfits today was so good . Need more !!! =O 
Can we pretend that air-planes in the night are like shooting stars . I could really use a wish right now ... 
Totally bloody useless ... 
Is done with drama and bullshitters . If you're going to fuck about like a dickhead thinking your fool anyone you can piss off . No time for people who are a waste of space . I'm done with it . 
A certain person better start changing his fucking attitude towards the people he's meant to care about or he's going to end up old and lonely and he'll have n o-o ne to blame but himself ... you're obviously to stupid to realise that your actions are severly affecting the people around you . Either that or your heads shoved too far up your arse to notice . Twat . 
Really really want to fucking punch someone or something .... >=[ 
Hates stupid ignorant people so much . Please stop acting like you fucking know everything before I punch you in the head ! Go read a book you uneducated fuckwit . 
Is en route to Slough from Pad . Have had a good few days up in Darlo with the fam . Going to miss you all , esspecially my diddy Nana . Love you ! 
Run Forest , RUN !!! 
Bloody knackered and stuffed . Might have an early one tonight for once . Lets see how that goes ! 
>_> You took the words right out of my mouth . 
Has steak and wine . Hurhur . Happiness ! 
Shiney happy people holding hands ... 
No eating here tonight . Eating here tonight . No no no eating here tonight you on a diet ! =D 
Thinks your snide little comments are absolutely fucking hilarious . Hahaha ! Now keep your mouth shut before I rip your tongue out of that massive gob of yours . Twat . 
Lol ! Nause . 
Is it me or did that horse just shout ' Benny Hill' ? 
Sometimes I just don't know why I bother with anything .... 
Any partner that provides you with bacon is a partner worth keeping . =P 
All that I wanted were things I had before . All that I needed I've never needed more . All of my questions are answers to my sins . All of my endings are waiting to begin ... 
I want to get away , I'm flying away , yeah yeah yeah ! 
Are you ready to live in fear with ' Terrorvision' ?! xD 
" For dinner on my birthday shall I tell you what I chose ? Hot noodles made of poodles on a slice of garden hose . And a rather smelly jelly made of Armadillo's toes . The jelly is delicious but you have to hold your nose ! " 
Something has to change ... 
Is it just me or does Miss Piggy look like Vanessa Felts ...? 
' One day I went to Lidl . I went to shoplift In Lidl . Then I got caught in Lidl . Now I can't go back to Lidl!' XD 
Seriously nausing me right off at this moment in time ... 
Is up bright and early ( for once ) and ready to set off to Peterbrough . Woo ! =P 
Just got stopped by some scary Avon Ladies . Argh ! 
Where'd you go ? I miss you so , seems like it's been forever that you've been gone . Please come back home . 
Could really do with a bacon sandwhich . Yes I know it's 2am but I still want one ... -Whine- =[ 
My mama told me lifes like a boxs of chocolates . You never know which one your gonna get . 
Shut up Carlton ! 
Cannot get enough of Dexter . It's so addictive . Give me moooore ! 
Really wish some people knew when to back the fuck off ... 
Is sick of people telling her that she can't do things . As far as I'm concerned you can fuck off , and I can't wait to see your face when I prove you wrong ... 
Strawberry Lumpy Bumpy ?!! 
Any of you guys good with photoshop and know how to make forum banners ? ;o 
Has had a minor clean-out of some of the douches and fakes I still had on my facebook friends list and I have to say I'm fairly pleased . I've had enough of hearing that ' certain people ' are bitching , gossiping and bullshitting about me and the ones that act nice to my face and bitch behind my back I despise even more . You're pathetic , so just SHIT OFF !! 
" Mother is the word for God on the lips and hearts of all children . " Happy Mothers Day !!? =] 
I've seen it all , there is no more to see . 
Dancer In the Dark is now second on my list of movies I watched once and loved but will never watch again because they are far too depressing for me to bare . Thank you Holly Arthur ! xD 
Has had a good night . Feels good to know who your mates are ! And now for some Dexter to finish off the night . =D 
Not sure if this is a hangover or if I'm just tired . One thing's for sure I won't be moving from this bed for quite a while . 
In the words of Yoda : Up the shut fuck ! 
Thinks she might have cut off the blood circulation to her arse . Hengry the hoover does NOT make a good seat ! >=/ 
Drifting and floating and fading away ... 
Pizza and Beer for breakfast . Win ! 
Just watched Taken . Sooo good ! But its totally put me off ever wanting to go to France ... 
Kazakhstan is the greatest coun-try in the world . All the other countries are run by lit-le girls . Kazakhstan is Asias #1 exporter of potassium , all other countries have inferior potassium . 
' I want you to play with my dingaling . My dingaling . My dingaling . ' 
Feel so fat I might explode ! >_<' 
Blue chemopherapy wig ... 
Smelly Dan , smelly Dan , what are they feeding you ... 
Lets try that again ... looking forward to seeing Holly Rowlands and Joe Bartlett today . Fucking touchscreen bastard ipod !!! 
Time to get munted ! Ooh yeah ! >=D 
Is looking forward to her aniversery meal . Fat up steak , peppercorn sauce , mushrooms , onions , bacon and potato wedges and a bottle of red wine . Yeah boi ! 
Stick a pony in me pocket , I'll fetch the suitcase from the van . Cos if you want the best ' uns but you don't ask questions then brother I'm your man . Cos where it all comes from is a mystery , it's all the changing of the seasons and the tides of the sea . But here's the one that's driving me berserk . Why do only fools and horses work la la la la la la la la la la ... 
This is not a bowl ... it is a cauldron of awsomeness !!! 
Flames to dust , lovers to friends , why do all good things come to an end ? 
Is curious as to what Facebook were thinking when they decided to remove the ' Post ' button . What if you don't have an ' Enter ' key on your keyboard . What the fuck are you meant to do then ?! -_-' 
Easy Skanking ... 
Love a good painting session . =D <3 
Argh ! Useless useless people ! I've spoken to 5 different people to get information and none of them have helped me , they've just passed me on to someone else . -_-' 
Hates writing formal letters . =/ This is just getting drawn out so much longer than it needs to be . Why do I always have to suffer for other peoples incompetance ?! Fuck sake . 
These noodles taste like Guiness ... 
Can't deal with this bright and sunny weather . I feel like my eyes are melting and burning . x_x 
" Nah , I can't have kids ' cause I'm important " PMSL . Oh dear . xD 
Marmite flavoured tofu 
Has had an amazing weekend with some really awesome people . Happy birthday Holly Cool . Hope you've enjoyed all the partying , pizza , cake and pressies . 
Sheila goes out with her mate Stella , it gets poured all over her fella cos she says man he aint no better than the next man kicking up fuss . Drunk she stumbles down by a river , screams calling London . I guess none of us heard her coming , I guess the carpet weren't rolled out ... 
Melon Farmer Discount ? What is this ?! D= 
Could do with some fish and chips right about now ... or maybe sausages ... or a lovely fat steak .... ARGH ! Why am I torturing myself ?! D'= 
What's up with this question tab at the top of the News Feed ? Facebook always loves to add extra shit that you don't fucking need ... 
Feels like a zombie . Need to wake up !!! x_o ' 
Watching Jeremy Kyle makes me feel so superior . xD 
I can honestly say I have not missed being in Chalvey ... 
All that I wanted were things I had before . All that I needed , I've never needed more . All of my questions are answers to my sins . All of my endings are waiting to begin ... 
I know the world's got problems , I've got problems of my own . It ain't the kind that can be solved with an atom bomb . 
Can't seem to walk into a room without breaking something or knocking it over . x_x 
" If it's a storm I'll take an umbrella , if it's hail I'll take a sheild " ~ Luther xD 
The Divine Chaos gig was awesome . Well done guys ! Now for a little wind down and some Dexter . Excellent ! -twiddles fingers- 
Never though you ;d make me perspire , never thought I'd do you the same . Never thought I'd fill with desire , never thought I'd feel so ashamed . Me and the dragon can chase all the pain away . So before I end my day , remember ... my sweet prince you are the one . 
Ever had the feeling you've been here before ? Drinking down your poison the way you were taught . Every thought from here on in your life begins and all you knew was wrong ? Arrivng somewhere but not here ... 
Is already drunk . Yay ! =D 
wishes she didn't even bother getting out of bed . Meh . 
The Dexter Credits end music has to be one of the best pieces of music I have ever heard ... 
" I'd rather be hated for who I am , than loved for who I'm not . " - Kurt Cobain R . I . P <3 You'll never be forgotten . 
Has just noticed a lot of Daily Booth consists of vain Scene/Emo girls dying their hair painfully bright colours . Why ? O_o 
Almost stepped on my fucking yogurt . Fuck ! x_x That would have been disasterous . 
Oh my god . Everyone is talking about pizza . Why are you all toturing me ?!!! 
Is drinking yogurt . Again . 
I didn't know Mr Kipling was married ... 
What the fuck is floresent beige !? O_o 
Eat the food tina . Eat the food ! Eat the food tina ! 
Suzanne take to you down to her place near the river , you can hear the boats go by , you can spend the night beside her . And you that she's half crazy but that's why you want to be there and she feeds you tea and oranges that come all the way from China . And just when you mean to tell her that you have no love to give her then she gets you on her wave length and she lets the river answer . 
Fucked up my knee .... owwww ! =[ 
This lack of anything to do is starting to make me angry ... 
What the fuck is Click Potato !? MAKE IT GO AWAY !!! >=[ 
Sometimes I just feel like giving up ... 
She shines in a room full of ugliness , she matters when everything is meaningless . Fagile , she doesn't see her beauty , she tries to get away . Sometimes it's just that nothings seems worth saving , I can't watch her slip away . 
Don't you hate it when you download a song and then you start listening to it only to find some idiot child is singing over it and ruining the whole thing . WHY ?! >=[ 
Is going to Windsoria with the best ones ! Bring on the funtimes . WOO ! =] 
Has just realised she has the same obessions as Katie Price and Lady GaGa . O_o ' 
Would very much like to eliminate the person outside the window playing awful cringe-worthy 80's rap music . UGH ! -_- 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes yesterday . Really appreciate it . =] xxx 
Sweetcorn ... I don't care how much you burn me , I'm still GONNA EAT YOU ! >=O 
Mongoloids outside my window , please SHUT THE FUCK UP . I don't care if you saw her knickers , I don't understand why you find womens underwear so hilarious now go throw yourself off a cliff or something . ¬_¬ 
Whipe that smile off your cock ! xD 
Merry Resurrection of Jebus Day ! Even though I don't really care ... >_> 
Had a jolly good time yesterday . BBQ food , chocolate and custard sponge cake , badminton , and midnight swimming pool antics . Aching like hell today though ! 
Jay & Silent Bob ! <3 
Fun fun fun in the sun sun sun ... 
UGH !!!!!!!!!!!!!! SO FUCKING USELESS ..... FUCK ! >=[ 
Strawberry pancake , don't make me wait for it . Strawberry pancake , I'm coming for you . Strawberry pancake , strawberry pancake I'm riding my bike into town ! 
Seriously cannot be fucked with this anymore ... 
Du . Du Hast . Du Hast Mich . Du Hast Mich Gefragt ! 
LOL ! Bonnie Tylers real name is Gaynor Hopkins . xD 
In the middle of a gun fight , at the centre of a resturant they say come with your arms raised high . Well they're never gonna get me , like a bullet through a flock of doves , to wage this war against your faith in me . Your life will never be the same . On your mothers say a prayer ... SAY A PRAYER ! No ! But I can't and I don't know how we're just two men as God had made us . Well I can't ... well I can ! 
Don't wanna waste anymore time , times what we don't have . Everywhere I look someone dies , wonder when it's my turn . 
Bank overdraft paid . Court letter sent . All missions acomplished . Oooh yeah ! 
Fuck off Jonathan from Spofity , you annoying bellend !!! ARGH ! 
Okay , opinions people just because I'm curious about what you all think particularly Jen Smith Avita Johal Savvy Sandhu but EVERYONE can respond , not just those tagged : 
Do you think it is possible to love more than one person at the same time ? 
We'll get there in a day if we travel by dragonfly ... 
Is now in Peterbrough for the weekend . Woohoo ! 
Is watching ... THE TERMINATOR !!! 
Just had to speak to some awful nasal voice market research woman on the phone who sounded like she had too much caffeine . Annoying . As . FUCK ! 
Count your shinies more and more , that's the way to find your score ! 
And when I close my eyes this blacked canvas falls and darkness starts to shine and dreams begin to call . And when I watch them float I hold my sleeping breath . These secrets , hidden truths that live beyond my death . 
Is actually making some creative progress . Finally !!! >=D 
You do know what you're drinking is meant for eye surgery ? 
Is having a Radiohead day . =] 
Shit on a goddamn dick ! 
Chris Morris is a genius . <3 
Has chest pains from laughing so much . xD 
He couldn't believe how easy it was . He put the gun into his face . BANG ! So much blood from such a tiny little whole . Problems have solutions . A lifetime of fucking things up fixed in one determined flash . Everything is blue in this world , a deeper shade of mushroom blue , all fuzzy , spinning out of my head . 
ARGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH ! Fucking FUCK ! >=[ 
Nordle ? What the fuck's nordle ?! 
Dying's for fools ! >=D 
Dubstep ! <3 
Life is a waste of time , time is a waste of life , get wasted all the time and you'll have the time of your life ! 
This house is way too quiet today .... kind of creeping me out . =| 
Is in a field ! And just stroked a little pony on the nose . =P 
FFS . Recover from one thing , just to catch something else .... Fan-fucking-tastic . 
Hmmm , what to watch ? House of a Thousand Corpses or From Dusk Til Dawn ? =/ 
Is very much NOT enjoying listening to chavvy mothers screaming at their delinquent children outside my window . STFU Bitches . The children too . STFU ... 
If you're feeling lucky come and take me home , if you feel loved ... 
This time I'm gonna keep it to myself , this time I'm gonna keep it all to myself but he makes me want to hand myself over . 
This is the worst music ever ... 
" Not all chemicals are bad . Without chemicals such as hydrogen and oxygen , for example , there would be no way to make water , a vital ingredient in beer . " -- Dave Barry 
Can't you see what we've done ? We've gone and made such fools of ourselves . 
Is in Camden watching the Rumour Cubes . They're so awesome ! 
I have nothing to be sorry for . I stood up for what I believed in , I tried to stand up for those that I knew needed it , I did what I had to do to get my message across . If you think you're going to get some kind of apology out of me then you are very VERY wrong . I don't care who you are , or how old it doesn't give you the right to bully and victimise people . Respect others and they'll respect you back , simple . 
Prince of Egypt ! <3 
Knows what she wants for her first tattoo ! Just need the money to get it done now . Can anyone reccomend a good , not overly expensive tattoo parlour ? 
Just had the yummiest Veggie Madras made by my lovely Danny Tyler . Thank you ! =3 <3 
Interview tomorrow for childcare course . Already feeling rather nervous . =/ 
Really cannot be fucking bothered with anything today ... 
Just came out of her interview and will be studying childcare from this september . =) 
Got scared shitless by a particularly stupid Pidgoen that just hurled itself at my livingroom window before flinging itself back into the tree from which it came . o_o ' 
Wow ... this weather is fucking scary . Love it ! 
Wtf . This is the weirdest holding music I've ever heard .... 
SORTED ! =D 
Only a fool leans upon his own misunderstandings . 
Put away those firey biscuits ! 
Ain't no grave can hold my body down ... 
Wow ... that man outside is breathing so loudly I can hear him inside the house ... 
Nag nag nag ! Stop fussing . I can look after myself ... ¬_¬ 
Has an interview on Friday at a Hotel in Windsor to become a ' Children's Ambassador ' for the Summer . Yay ! =D 
Fast forward selecta ! xD 
Is off to Camden ! 
AOL - Tanita , you have 69 messages in your inbox Me - I beg your pardon ? O_O 
Eat the rich ! 
Hey ! What's wrong with you ? You're looking kind of down to me . -Boogie- 
Blackhole Sun won't you come and wash away the rain ? 
I want to . I want to be someone else or I'll explode . Floating upon the surface for the birds ... 
OMFG . Asda , I just want a job . Go away with these bloody assesments !!! >_< 
Lady Gaga , I'll buy your albums you you write some better lyrics for your songs instead of repeating the same words over and over ... ugh . 
Is in Windsor ! 
God is a concept by which we can measure our pain . 
What kind of TV show name is " Help , my house is falling down ! " ? O_o 
In the coutrtyard Jesus came across a man who couldn't walk . " Brother ! " He said " Have you been involved in an accident that wasn't your fault ? " 
Is hungry for some chicken ! 
Take your right finger , slide the nail under the top and bottom buttons on my blaizer . Relax the fraying wool , slacken ties and I'm not to look at you in the shoe , but the eyes ... find the eyes !! 
Stomach muscles are sore . Fuck you sit-ups !! -_- 
Is rather merry and gay at this very momnent ?! 
Is watching Fern Gully ! =) 
' Cause it's a bitter sweet symphony this life . Try to make ends meet , you're a slave to the money then you die ... 
Is so bored she has lowered herself to typing in " fun things to do online " in Google . Still no success ... UGH . 
Oh Billy Brown had lived an ordinary life , two kids a dog and a precautionary wife . While it was all going accordinlgy to plan , then Billy Brown fell in love with another man . He met his lover almost every single day , making excuses through his dogdy holiday , unto religion that he said he newly found , they didn't know that his faith was earthly bound . 
I'm so hungry I could eat YOU ! 
Ugh . Why did I watch this movie ?! T__T 
Let's put on some Interview With A Vampire to make up for that depressing episode . " Oh Louis , Louis , Louis stop whining Louis ! " xP 
Long ! 
Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the law . 
Nothing like a bit of Michael Nyman on a rainy day . <3 
Kids can be noisy bastards , my goodness . >_< 
And now you say you say you love me , well just to prove you do come on and cry me river , cry me a river , I cried a river over you ... 
Some people never fail to make me fucking laugh . I feel sorry for you and how pathetic you are as well as all the stupid people you have under your thumb . You're a fucking waste of space and oxygen , grow up and stop living in the past . You're like a fucking child . I wash my hands of you and anything to do with you . Hope you have a miserable life . >=D Bitch ! 
Paul is such an awesome film ! " Hey Fucknuts ! It's anal probing time . " xD 
Looking forward to the Summer Solstice celebrations tonight at Stonehenge ! Let me know if any of you are coming , would be great to see you there . 
Is at Stonehenge ! 
Big Fish is officially one of my favourite Tim Burton films ever ! =D 
There's an eye in me soup ! > _O 
So that movie made no sense ... >_>' Or maybe it's just me ? 
Bored , Can't sleep . Have the other half lying next to me snoring his head off . WAKE UP RETARD ! -Pokepoke- >=[ 
keeps having fluctuating moods today . Very annoying . 
Is either developing a cold or is allergic to this body spray . Fuck sake . -_-' 
" What kind of operating system does it use ? " " Vista . " " We're all going to die ! " xD 
Love the new Cravendale advert . " Jog on kitties , it's ours ! " xD 
So fucking aggrivating ... 
Just killed a massive spider . That's what you get when you fuck with me bitch ! >=D 
From de-humanization to arms production for the benefit of the nation or it's destruction . Power , power the law of the land , those living for death will die by their own hand . 
Reject the system dictating the norms . 
John Lennon was indeed a most fascinating man . <3 
Walking on thin ice , I'm paying the price for throwing the dice in the air . Why must we learn it the hard way and play the game of life with your heart ? 
Double Chocolate Chip Muffins . Yeah boy ! 
Feels like a bloody housewife ! D= 
Charlie says always always tell your mummy before you go off somewhere ! 
I am Cornholio ! 
Is writing her packing checklist for Sonisphere . ' Cited ! Just hope it doesn't rain . =/ 
How can anyone think this new bus station is nice ? It's looks fucking awful ! 
Keeps seeing lookalikes of people everywhere . Starting to freak me out ! 
Just had a mostly jalapeno pepperoni pizza . Hot , but so good ! <3 
Thinks it's unfair how some people just get everything in their life handed to them while others have to struggle to get where they want to go . And in most cases the people who have everything given to them don't even appreciate what they have . They throw it away too easily because they're incapable of understanding the true value of it . This is something I greatly despise ... 
Here's a balloon animal ! xD 
Just 12 hours left til I set off for Sonisphere . Whoop whoop ! 
Cue to get onto the shuttle bus is LONG ! 
Is in a tent in a sleeping bag . This is so cool ! =3 
Richard Cheese was amazing ! Later on tonight Mars Volta and Biffy Clyro . Woo ! =D 
Mama I'm comin ' home ! 
Hello Slough , I'm back ... and stinking like a farmer ! 
Hello Slough . I'm back ! And stinking like a farmer ... Shower time !! 
Hey Asda , I don't wanna be your bitch ! 
They're coming to take me away haha . They're coming to take me away hoho hehe haha to the funny farm where life is beautiful all the time . And I'd be happy to see those nice young men with their clean white coats and they're coming to take me away haha !!! =D 
Anyone up for coming to Facebar tomorrow night for the rock night ? Let me know if you are ! 
Anyone done or know anything about this Zenos computer course thing ? Thinking of doing it and want to know what people though of it . 
He's climbin ' in your windows , he's snatchin ' your people up tryna rape ' em so hide your kids , hide your wife , hide your kids hide your wife . And hide your husband ' cause they're rapin ' errbody out there . You don't have to come and confess , we're looking for you . We gon find you ! We gon find you ! So you can run and tell that , run and tell that , run and tell that , homeboy home home homeboy . xD 
Facebook is becoming unbelievably crap . This new Facebook chat is glitchy as fuck and the whole site visually is displeasing to the eyes . They seem to think they are making things better for users when in fact they are just making things worse and more complicated . >_> 
What is it with celebrities and giving their children retarded names ? Harper Seven Beckham . Really ?! 
So full of shit ... Why are people just SO FULL OF SHIT ?! 
Is waiting to go for a blood test . I hate needles ! >_< 
Has just finished a hard days work ! Now coming home to my sexy loves with a bottle of Pinot Grigio ! <3 
Amy Winehouse is dead ?! Fuck ... = ¸ 
Really not in the mood for this today ... it better go fucking quickly . 
We wa we wa . King in the castle , king in the castle ! 
Cake attack ! Nom , nom ! 
This Zenos shit looks hardcore ! >_< But I'm going to try Have to get past the interview and assessment process first . Another Mathematics assessment . Joy , it's the thing I am worst at in the world ... =/ 
Danny : This song is called Entangled . It's about you . Me : How ? Danny : Because every night I wake up entangled in your hair ! LOL . <3 
Only one of us walks away ... 
I am human and I need to be loved just like everybody else does . 
All I have is all that you've given me . Did you ever worry that I've come to depend on you ? I gave you all the love I had in me and now I find you lie and I can't believe it's true . Wrapped in her arms I see you across the street and I can't help but wonder if she knows what going on . You talk of love but you don't know how it feels when you realize that you're not the only one . 
Yo man , fuck man ! 
So stuffed I probably won't even be able to walk after this . Only waddle ! D = 
Munch munch ! Hurhur . =) 
It's oooon !! 
There's something in my pocket , for you ! Why don't you reach down in my pocket and see what it is ? 
Zenos Assesment tomorrow . This better go well or I won't be happy . =/ Damn you Mathematics ! My sworn enemy ... ¬_¬ 
I got through ! Failed the Maths assessment by 1 mark but because my grades were so good they let me through to interview ! So if I pass this interview next week I'm through . Whoop , whoop ! =] 
This spicy chicken cous cous and sultana thing is really NOT hitting the spot . Can't deal with people ruining yummy cous cous with disgusting dried fruit . It should be a sin ! 
Why is a little peace and happiness always too much to ask for ? 
Some people make me so angry . The human race needs a serious purging to get rid of all the superficial , stuck up , snobbish , selfish and inconsiderate people that are out there that care only about themselves and their own happiness . I want nothing to do with people like that and the world would be a lot better without them . 
I'm going to give myself high blood pressure one of these days ! Calm Tannie , nice Tannie . Smiley happy times good , mass murder bad ! 
I like my beats fast and my bass down low ! 
The Wolf Man , The Lion Man and now there's a Croc Man ? Are these people being serious ? >_> 
I'm tired , boss . Tired of bein ' on the road , lonely as a sparrow in the rain . Tired of not ever having me a buddy to be with , or tell me where we's coming from or going to , or why . Mostly I'm tired of people being ugly to each other . I'm tired of all the pain I feel and hear in the world everyday . There's too much of it . It's like pieces of glass in my head all the time . Can you understand ? ~ John Coffey [ The Green Mile ] 
Okay seriously people ! What is this shit about there being riots in Slough ? Is this actually true or are people making this shit up and if so where is it happening ? 
I can't believe it . Just saw a comment from a girl who is trying to say the London riots were ALL done by black people . What a generalization ! So all black people are criminals ? If I recall when David Cameron made his statement the police officer guarding 10 Downing Street was a BLACK MAN . Only an idiot would make such a ridiculous and inacurate comment . What a stupid bitch ! 
Is up and ready for my Zenos interview ! 
Is now in the Zenos Academy ! 
I'm More Than Freeman . LOL ! 
Lots of children on E numbers running around here . What the fuck is going on ? O_o 
Be Kind Rewind is actually a pretty cool movie . xD 
Lets have a war , so you can go and die . Lets have a war , we could all use the money . Lets have a war , we need the space . Lets have a war , clean out this place . It's already started in the city , suburbia will be just as easy ... 
You like ?! Oh wow . Not known anyone else who likes them . Yay ! => <3 
Watching A Clockwork Orange ! =D 
Anyone any good at making forum/website banners or know any websites where you can make your own ones for free ? 
Buttery Crumpets . Mmmm ! =3 <3 
Semolina pilchard , climbing up the Effiel Tower " Get down from there !!! " xD 
Rise of the Planet of the Apes is awesome ! Go on Caesar beat the shit out of Tom Felton ! The stupid blonde gimp ! 
To let myself go , to let myself flow is the only way of being . There's no use telling me , there's no use taking a step back , a step back for me . 
Charles S . Dutt 
That is the wimpiest chicken wing I have ever seen in my fucking life . Fuck you KFC ! 
Right now I'm eating scrambled egg with a comb from a shoe ! 
Is going to lose her fucking temper in a minute if things don't start going right ... 
Fizzy good make feel nice ! 
Anyone going to Hobfest in September ? 
Why does everything always have to be so bloody difficult ?! 
Is going to go on a fucking rampage in a minute . Roul Moat style !! 
always seems to attract crackheads ! Am I a crackhead magnet ? =/ 
Writing about crazy people is tiring ... 
Frog Pancake . =/ 
Is on a train with a nun eating burger king ! Nom nom . =3 
What would you do if you knew it was the end of the world and there was nothing you could do to stop it ? 
I love Danny so much :) hes a sex god ... 
Why is it always ME that fucks everything up ? 
Tick tock , tick tock ... I seriously dislike waiting ... -_- 
UGH !!! Facebook .... WHAT THE FUCK HAVE YOU DONE ?! Can you not see that everyone HATES all the ridiculous changes you've made to the Facebook layout or are you all blind retards where you are ? The more you change the more you piss people off . What the fuck is all this shit on my page ? Why can I see everything that every tom , dick and fucking barry has written to one another ? What makes you think I care what they're talking about ? Well here is a big revelation for you ... I DON'T . Bloody fuck-ups . Jeez ... 
Just finished interview . Random men keep being extra nice to me . I think its the skirt . Lol ! 
When life hands you a jeffery stroke a furry wall ! 
Anyone have any idea if First Day bus tickets can be used in Beaconsfield ? 
What a nightmare of a day ! Why does everything have to be so fucking awkward ? Life is such a bitch . Fuck you life ! 
Wish this bus would come already so I could get out of this awful sun . Feel like I've been dropped in a deep fat fryer ! 
