lol you know your bored when !!!!! quizes are fun hahah 
Copy & Paste this into Your Status & see what People rate You ..... 1 . Nutter 2 . I'd Marry You 3 . Dangerous 4 . Over the top 5 . Fancy the pants off You 6 . Drinkin buddy 7 . Moody 8 . Dumb 9 . Spoilt 10 . Mouthy 11 . Chat buddy 12 . Scared of you 13 . Housemade 14 . 
Facebook has agreed to let third party advertisers use your posted pictures without your permission . Click on SETTINGS up at the top where you see the log out link . Select PRIVACY . Then select NEWS FEEDS AND WALL . Next select the tab that reads FACE BOOK 
ok seriously wish i was blonde then i would definitly fall for this guy/crap ha ha OH .............. Lorie You Burn My Heart again And Enhance My Mind With Those Eyes they Are Absolutely Divine And Can Easy Talk You If The Sun Or sea Lost Their Magnitudes Will Not Matter But If You Ever Chance I Be Lost And Sadness Will Sorrow My Soul Just As In The Space Just Lost With Immense Magnitude ..... 
facebook is messed again whats new lol 
No one falls in love by choice , it is by CHANCE . No one stays in love by chance , it is by WORK . And no one falls out of love by chance , it is by choice " 
why must people pretend to be someone their not it all comes out in the end much easier to be real and honest no back tracking involved that way !! guess the gluttens need the lessons or a kick in the ass may all those that apply line up 
interesting fact one comments in status box no names need mentioning and whala the message gets to the the horses mouth gotta love facebook gosip if you are offended your probably the source to be reckond with guilt steps out of the box to be recognized every time in its own way maybe minding your own business would help lol ya think 
Be the change that you want to see in this world / if you build it they will come ! 
If you have a great friend , take the time to let them know that they are great Always tell someone how you feel about them ; you will feel much better when they know and you'll both be happy . 
Everything you need you have with you at all times . 
What lies behind us , and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us . ' famous quotes ' 
Emptiness must be first . Without the feeling of emptiness , there is no desire to thrive for fulfillment . 
is remembering all Veterans , Canadian Forces members , RCMP and those who made the ultimate sacrifice . Lest we forget . 
It Takes Only A Moment To Be Kind , But The Result Can Last A Lifetime 
you know its December when the advent calanders get opened omg here we go the count down begins !! what crazy things people do for one day a year lol anyone want to cancel CHRISTMAS ???? start the pettions now hahah 
I saw angels in the sky , I saw snow fall in july . I saw things you only imagine to see or do , but I still havenâ ?? t seen anything sweeter than you ! angel from paradise Muaaahxxxx 
Something went wrong . We're working on getting this fixed as soon as we can . You may be able to try again . lol omg facebook admitts haha 
I cannot think well of a man who sports with any woman's feelings ; and there may often be a great deal more suffered than a stander-by can judge of . famous quote 
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE HAVE AN AWESOME DAY ENJOY YOUR TIME TOGETHER LOVE THE ONES YOUR WITH 
LOVE THESE WORDS from a friends facebook Thanks Phillip Our lives are not determined by what happens to us but by how we react to what happens , not by what life brings to us , but by the attitude we bring to life . A positive attitude causes a chain reaction of positive thoughts , events , and outcomes . It is a catalyst , a spark that creates extraordinary results or ---------- 
T G I F need i say anymore !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Dont care who he is he made my day talk about smooth he should give classes on how to talk to a lady lol RE : Its my pleasure Gorgeous .. keep rocking and knocking hearts down .. you gotta such a pretty face , awesome smile ... hot lips ... those mesmerizing eyes .. wht else can i say .. stumped .. have a great day ahead sizzler ::P kisses & hugs IF ONLY HE WAS IN MY COUNTRY 
on the kitchen table 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . 93% wont copy and paste this , many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste 
? (?????) ? This little Alien wishes to see our world , cut and paste him on your status so he can travel ...... he is now in ... Peterborough ON Canada now 
hot and steamy !!! oh yah 
The most basic and powerful way to connect to another person is to listen . Just listen . Perhaps the most important thing we ever give each other is our attention .... A loving silence often has far more power to heal and to connect than the most well-intentioned words . 
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us . Be all that you can be !! 
Shame on Canada ! We have our own people on the streets ; our unemployed are having to choose between if they will eat or pay the rent ; our food banks are empty ; our children are without a home ; Yet our government is doing more for Haiti then for their own country ! 99% of the people ... won't have the guts ... to copy and paste this .... are you 1% 
stop the world and let me off not sure its worth the price im paying 
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience , but where he stands at times of challenge and controversey . 
ONE DAY YOU'RE GOING TO WAKE UP AND REALIZE HOW MUCH YOU CARE FOR HER - AND WHEN THAT DAY COMES , SHE'LL BE WAKING UP NEXT TO THE GUY WHO ALREADY KNEW . " Im sure this was written with men and Valentines Day in mind !! 
Happy Valentines Day everyone Thanks for the happy wishes wish you all the best day ever 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and past this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under your comments . 
snow snow you sure do blow lol spring is in the air so piss off lol 
The Eight of Chalices card suggests that my power today lies in space . I am true to myself and will only regret the chances I don't take to seek or follow my hearts desire . I turn away from or make a clean sweep of that which does not honor or sustain my passion and love , and in this , I am not afraid to be alone . I am empowered to move forward or make space and my gift is letting go . 
Today is the International Day for the Fight Against Cancer ... In memory of those who lost the battle against cancer , and those who continue fighting . I pray for a cure . 92% of you won't copy & paste this text to their Facebook profile status , will you ? I DID , for those I love . Proud to be part of the 8% ... at least fo ...... r today . Who knows what tomorrow will bring . 
The only way to find the limits of the possible is by going beyond them to the impossible !! 
I trust my intuition and nurture an environment of deep devotion , patience , and intense passion . I mirror my hearts desire and am never too busy to connect to those who trust , love and need me . It's the thought that counts . Many can say I would die for them -- only I can live for them -- my horoscope was awesome today !!!! 
Today , God's message for you is to give peace in order to receive it . What you put out into the world is what the world gives back to you . Today , give the world peace . 
IF YOU ARE BRAVE .... Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 : Dumb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Sexy . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : F ... it . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Beatuiful . 17 : Cute . 18 : Smart ass 
It's Daughter Week !!! ? If you have one Daughter or more , who makes your life interesting and fun , it's a blessing in your life and makes life worth living , copy and paste this to your status ? The world would not be the same without my beautiful GIRLS ,,, 
You are never alone . No matter what you face , someone else has faced it , too . Whether it be in joy or sorrow , there is someone nearer than you think . 
My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that children with disabilities do not have a disease ; children with disabilities are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE ........ 93% of people won't copy and paste this , WILL YOU be one of the 7% that does ............... and make this your status for at least two hours 
You create your reality .!! Be good to yourself and to those you love . Use the power of your mind to make it a positive one . 
What is the purpose of exploring a new path ? It is to experience a moment , a purpose or even perhaps a lifetime that is greater than what is available in the current reality or experience . It is to be in choice regarding one's reality and experience into the NEW YEAR WE GO !!!! 
Lorie , cute but friendly . Always ready to give a huge smile . Blond moments , but intelligent . Makes others feel good or content about themselves . That is a Lorie Move right there , made me feel good when Colin gave me flowers 
Having children was my choice . I choose to give up things & go without to provide for them . I pity some parents who choose to give up on their children so THEY never go without . Copy & paste this if you are a proud parent who will always put your children first !!! ... love my babies ? ? ? ? 
" The Ten of Pentacles card suggests that my power today lies in community . I am a success and I value my reputation . I pass on and share my status , values , knowledge , and ethics by example . My work here is done and I am ready to take it to the next level . I am empowered by reputation and my asset is social validation or standing . " ### means I'm a chatty Kathy doll lol 
Let's see who is paying attention . Every single one of you are on my friend 
list , as a result of a conscious decision . I wanted you there ! I am not 
only glad to count you as friends , but also family . Let's see who on my 
friends list actually pays attention . Copy & paste this as your 
...... status . I'll be watching to see ... who really ...... does cherish family 
& friendship . Thank you for being part of my life ! 
message for you is whatever situation you find yourself in , ask , ' Who has it worse than I ? ' Then pray for that person(s ) and even consider how you might help their situation or lend some encouragement . It'll make your plight seem much more bearable . 
In a world filled with natural disasters , violence , and bad news , people may ask , ' How can there be a God ? ' But rather , so much of these unfortunate situations are the result of society trying to push God out . Where is God ? He's waiting to be welcomed back in today , and to heal a hurting world . I love this one !!! 
it's not about who acts true 2 Ur face it's about who remains true behind Ur back . I realise who matters , who never did , & never will again & I'm not sad . 
" Being happy is the cornerstone of all that you are ! Nothing is more important than that you feel good . And you have absolute and utter control about that because you can choose the thought that makes you worry or the thought that makes you happy ; the things that thrill you , or the things that worry you . You have the choice in every moment . " 
Your 
son will hold your hand only for a little while , but he will hold your 
heart a lifetime ! It's " SONS WEEK " .. If you have a son that holds your 
heart , whose smile can light up your day , and who makes your life better 
just because he's in it , then copy and paste this to your wall " ... I 
love my son with all my heart :) 
No one else can be the person you were created to be . Do not think for a 
minute that you are not important ; - the world needs you 
omg thank you everyone for all the awesome birthday wishes Im so lucky to have you all in my life thank you thank you thank you 
beside the living room window 
Before you were conceived I wanted you . Before you were born I loved you , Before you were an hour old I would die for you , and now I couldnt imagine my life without you , and even when you have left home i will love you , This is the miracle of life !!! Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life itself xxx 
i love my child jessica poulter soooooooooooooooooo very much lol ;) 
While you SCREAM at your Woman , there's a man 
wishing he could talk softly in her ear . While you HUMILATE , OFFEND & 
INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how 
wonderful she is . While you HURT your Woman , there's a man wishing he 
could make love to her . While you make your Woman CRY , there's a man 
stealing smiles from her . Post this on your status if you are against 
Domestic Violence ? 
- If you have a Best Friend that will do anything and everything for you , be there for you through thick and thin , love you unconditionally , even with all your faults , be the first one there to pick you up when you fall ; and give you a much needed kick in the arse when necessary , then post this to your status . He , she or they will know who they are :) you know who you are xx 
Wishes 
people would be grateful for what they have , instead of taking what 
they have for granted . Maybe then they would learn to appreciate little 
things more . 
Don't 
look down on someone unless you are helping them up ! You never know when 
you will be the one that needs help up and never know who will lift 
you ! 
? If you have amazing children , put this as your status ? 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? 
happy mothers day to all the wonderful moms out there you are the best 
whooooo whooooo girls night out oh ya cant wait wish me luck cha ching cha ching where do you think Im going lol 
" Never 
settle for being second best when you know you deserve to be first , 
letting go isn't a sign of weakness its a sign you're strong enough to 
move on " 
How many of us really know everybody on our facebook friend list ?? Here's a task foryou ! I want ALL my FB friends to comment on this status about how youmet me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do thesame to you . You may be amazed at some of the answers you get :) 
Are you LIVING ? For ? Love ? cause if its not genuine love that your living for , than you cheating yourself outta what matters most in life ... walk in love , believe in love , and LIVE the love to create a better world ! ? be ... fabulous ! I AM ! ? here is a strong woman treat me right or say gooodnight 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY CANADA CELEBRATE EVERYONE AND BE SAFE 
This 
Christmas , I am putting mistletoe in my back pockets so that all the 
people who don't like me can Kiss . My . Ass !!! If you agree , keep this 
going !!! 
Don't allow yourself to hate someone ... It only gives them power over you ! Allowing the negative to control your life gets in the way of the positive and slows you down life is full of choices make good ones for personal gain !! 
RELATIONSHIP ESSENTIALS4 months ago5 INGREDIENTS OF A LONG LASTING 
RELATIONSHIP : 

1 ) 
TRUST 
2 ) RESPECT 
3 ) LOVE 
4 ) COMMUNICATION 
5 ) COMMITMENT 
OMG Betty Crocker come to my house please Thanks Giving Baking begins LOL 
Happy Birthday Jamie-Leigh Have an awesome day 
Are you LIVING ? For ? Love ? cause if its not genuine love that your 
living for , than you cheating yourself outta what matters most in 
life ... walk in love , believe in love , and LIVE the love to create a 
better world ! ? be ... fabulous ! I AM ! ? here is a strong woman l 
believe nuna . 
Put this as your status and see what people love about you . I LOVE YOUR________ this is dangerous lol have fun i know you will ........ 
Let's see how creative my FB friends are ... Leave a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of your first name . It can only be 1-word .... then copy this to your wall so I can do the same ..... Don't leave a word & not copy .... that's NO fun ! :) 
sprite 
"" We made it . "" Unconditional love makes a family and home is where the 
heart is , so at last , I am never alone . I am empowered by gratitude and 
my gift is emotional fulfillment . " 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN EVERYONE 
Never judge someone until you have walked in their shoes , Don't condemn someone for their life choices , And be optimistic God will lead them down the right path 
I'm 
not superstitious , but this year October has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 
5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is money bags . So 
Copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days . Based on 
Chinese Feng Shui . The one ... who ... does not copy , will be without 
money . I cannot let ...... that person be ... me . ... Copy within 11 min . 
Good luck 
HAPPY THANKS GIVING EVERYONE DO YOU KNOW WHAT YOUR THANKFUL FOR I 
DO MY CHILDREN GRANDCHILDREN AND ALL MY AWESOME FRIENDS !!! THANKS 
FOR BEING APART OF MY LIVE LUV YOU ALL 
FACEBOOK FYI : ALERT*As of today , NEW PRIVACY setting called " Instant Personalization " that shares data with non-Facebook websites and it is automatically set to " Enable . " Go to Account > Privacy Settings > Applications and Websites > Instant Personalization > at bottom of page Edit Settings , and un-check " Enable " . BTW if your friends don't do this , they will be sharing information about you . PLEASE COPY & REPOST 
Real friends love to be with you and hang out but True friends are always there for you when you need them . 
No 
you're right , I don't HAVE to be SARCASTIC all my life ... just like you 
don't have to be stupid all of yours , but some how you manage to do it 
Jay Bless 
those who have conquered weakness and have overcome all of their selfish thoughts are free , for they belong to neither the oppressor or the oppressed ... 
HAPPY THANKS GIVING EVERYONE DO YOU KNOW WHAT YOUR THANKFUL FOR I DO MY CHILDREN GRANDCHILDREN AND ALL MY AWESOME FRIENDS !!! THANKS FOR BEING APART OF MY LIVE LUV YOU ALL 
tequila rum whiskey and sprite whooooooo whooo 
Many people pass through our lives , it is only those that touch our hearts ... that remain with us always ... 
I'll like you forever -- I'll LOVE you for ALWAYS -- as long as I'm living- my babies you'll be !!! 
I love my kids and grandchildren with ALL my heart *** " 
. for those of you that think the grass is greener on the other side ... perhaps you don't pay enough attention to your own lawn ! 
Life will always throw you obstacles but how strong you are will determine if you fall & stay down or trip & keep running . I choose to trip and keep running . 
we are never given more than we can handle breath in breath out u can do it ! @ !! 
may not be 
the most beautiful , or the sexiest , nor do I have the perfect body . I 
might not be everyone's first choice , but I'm a great choice . I don't 
pretend to be someone I'm not , because I'm good at being me . I might not 
be proud of some of the things I've done in the past , ... but 
I'm ... proud of who I am today ! Take ... ... me as I am or watch me as I walk away ! Post this if you're proud of being you 
A 
word of encouragement during a failure is worth more than an hour of 
praise after success a frigging man positive is always best . 
It is true what they say ... When you let go and move on , an inner peace and calm take over . Embrace it ! 
Remember , life is not just about surviving the storm ... It's about learning to dance in the rain even when things are pouring down around you ! " 
" Life is not measured by the number of breaths you take ... But rather by the number of moments that take your breath away " Happy New Years everyone may 2010 go out with a bang and 2011 come with great rewards !! 
AAA ACHOO !!!........? (-???•?) ?.... ... ... If you're allergic to bullcrap , drama queens , head games , liars , 2 faced fake people , keep this sneeze going . 
~ If you have wonderful friends , put this on your wall . ~ 
? I'm privileged to have many ... Thank you , for being you ? 
??????????????? ????? ?????????????? 
It's almost valentines day , 
Copy this as your status and see what you get ! 
Green : I like you . 
Silver : I miss you . 
Pink : be my valentine ? 
......... Teal : I think you beautiful . 
Yellow : I wanna kiss you : $ 
Red : I love you . 
Purple : let's chill . 
Gold : I used to like you . 
Black : I think your cute 
Home should be a retreat to which a son or a daughter can return in triumph or defeat , in victory or disgrace , and know they will be loved . 
Saturday , April 30 · 8:00 am - 8:00 pm 
Norwood ball diamond 
Jennifer Wilson , Andrew O'Halloran 
Drew and Jen r getting married we r having a ball tournament to raise money for the wedding . teams of 10/ 3 girls per team . $20 per person / prizes 50/50 draw and bbq . please help support the wedding . Please . Let me know if u cant put a team together First game will start at 8am . 
bored out of her frigging mind 
??????????????? ????? ????????????????? 
It's Sons Week ! If You Have A Handsome Son Or Sons That You 
Love More Than You Can Describe , Copy And Paste This To Your 
Status For A Little While , But Hold Them In Your Heart For A Lifetime ! 
" It's not what you do ... its how you do it . 
Its not what you see ... its how you look at it . 
Its not how your life is ... its how you live it " 
WHAT IS ONE THING YOU REGRET IN YOUR LIFE ? 
i dont regret .. dont look back unless its to remember focus on the future just do things the best that you can and you will never regret a thing in life without a past you cant have a future only take from the past what will better your future 
.. I have a personal reason for ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour . I know my family will . Think of someone you know or love who has cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just one hour . Do it for all of us . There are too many to mention who have fought and are fighting it . I hope to see this .... in the status of all my friends . 
If we will but follow this voice of intuition , it will speak clearly and plainly . When we recognize that we are the individualized power of Infinite Spirit and that nothing outside of this has any power at all then we enter upon the road to true education , and all the mysteries that before were closed now reveal themselves . 
Today at 8:00 pm - Tomorrow at 1:00 am 
Location 
Donwood community centre 
Created By 
Jennifer Wilson , Andrew O'Halloran 
More Info 
Andrew O'Halloran and Jennifer Wilsons big day is coming soon ! 
Come out and help celebrate with us . 
So you ask ... Do I work ? Uh yes , I work 24 hours a day . You do ?? Well yes . I am a Mom ... I am an alarm clock , a cook , a maid , a teacher , a nanny , a nurse , a handyman , a security officer , a photographer , a counselor , an ATM , a jungle gym , taxi & a comforter . I don't get holidays , sick pay or days off . I work through the DAY & NIGHT . I am on call at ALL hours . Post if you are a proud Mother ...? 
