trying to choose a song 2 play for Mr , and Miss Seabreeze next year .................. yes I am entering , DON'T BE SO SHOCKED ! gees .......... 
I just realized that the only compliment i've ever gotten from a guy was drunk beyond all compare ............................. that's just sad ! 
WANTS TO SEE HARRY POTTER BUT MOM WON'T LET ME GO THE MIDNIGHT SHOWING ! 
ONE TIME AT BAND CAMP ! lol , yes I had to do it 
OMG IT'S FALL OUT ! FLRODIA HAS FINALLY FELT SOMETYPE OF A SEASONAL TEMP . CHANGE ! IT'S A MIRCALE !!!!! 
HAS ANYONE FOUND MY WALLET YET !? 
is going to hurt someone if my egg nog DOESN'T GET HERE ! 
WHO'S COMING TO MY PARTY NEXT SUNDAY !.......... seriously though , I NEED A COUNT SOON ! 
...... apparently I'm entertaining to my friends . To me , I'm think i'm as entertaining as watching neon paint dry . To everyone else , i'm as entertaining as watching someone have neon pain thrown at them using only a spoon to defend themselves .......... don't ask me , I'm not the twisted one here . Ok , maybe alittle twisted , LOL 
can apparenty ice skate but just slipped and banged my head on my tile floor while skating around in my socks 
just ordered chinese food and when he delivery guy showed up he had a french accent and because they ran out of bags ( again ) it was delievered in a japanese food box ......... 
has the cupid shuffle stuck in head 
just woke up from her nap AND IT'S FREAKEN DARK OUTSIDE ! wtf , when I went to bed the sun was still pretty high in the sky how long did i sleep !? 
just got back from the park where she raced some 8th grade boy . If I won , I got his 3 foot long metal slinky ; if he won , he got my rainbow slinky . GUESS WHO'S THE PROUD OWNER OF A 3 FOOT LONG SHINY SLINKY ! :) 
-in shock- earthquake just hit Haiti ten miles from the capital . HALF MY FAMILY LIVES IN THE CAPITAL ......... 
needs help wit math homework ................ brain death 
why is it that whereever something gets stolen , EVERYONE blames me !? gees ........ great to see what you guys think of me 
hates slaughter house five essay 
couldn't go to her interview with Cracker Barrell cause mom is hard of hearing . I had to call and say I couldn't go like 5 minutes BEFORE i was supposed to be there . I'm not gonna get this job 
loves the percy jackson and the olympians series . Just finished the last book and out of its 350 or so pages , excaltly 213 were just flat out violence ! I LOVE IT ! 
FINALLY ! I'VE FINISHED MY ISSUE PAPER !!!!! 
HAHAHA ! just got back from a japanese take out place . I opened up my fortune cookie and it said , " May you have a good appetite , order more Chinese Food . " ...... just wow cookie ..... 
NEW PHONE ! FOR THE FIRST TIME IN A YEAR I CAN ACTUALLY SEE THE SCREEN ! 
SHHH !! UNCLE BUCK IS ON ! 
my life with a girl I just love to hate . Saving Jane Girl Next door lyrics : She is the prom queen I'm in the marching band She is a cheerleader I'm sitting in the stands She gets the top bunk I'm sleeping on the floor I get a little bit , she gets a little more She's Miss America and I'm just the girl next door Sometimes I want to check her back for wings , NO ONE IS THAT PERFECT ! 
mrs paul homework folder ............. shall be the death of me 
you all just lose the game 
has the attention span of a squirrel . I have a paper due tommorrow and I can't focus long enough to write it ! 
apparently there are dust bunnies forming their own empire under my bed . I figure I’ll just let them form their own government and then let their political parties fall into turmoil and civil war and kill each other off . 
Is in love with the Irish accent that Gerard James Butler has in the movie , PS I LOVE YOU ! 
just finished my homework folder after the last copy was destoried and now I just realized that I have no folder to turn it in ........ damn it 
doesn't know wat's weirder . Random dude coming outside when me and my friends were playing badminton and saying that our tennis grunts sounded like a cheap porno and to knock it off or when jordin's mom picked her up in an airport car thingy and on the side of it said , " To punich and enslave . " I took pictures for those who don't believe me 
apparently it is possible for people to have purple eyes ............ it's kinda cool 
If I had a world of my own , everything would be nonsense . Nothing would be what it is , because everything would be what it isn't . And contrary wise , what is , it wouldn't be . And what it wouldn't be , it would . You see ? 
Just had a horrible dream . I dreamt that next years band camp , took place at an actual camp in the woods . and we had to stay there for one full week in smelly old cabins . And if you were bad , you had to do night watch , aka stand outside in the dark in shifts with a flashlight looking for bears . 
wow i just found out there's a site called mylifeistwilight.com . I'm glad to know there are people with less of a life than me out there 
hates cousin . when I refused to take out the trash that chick had the nerve to say , " What all fat people end up doing sucky jobs . Might as well start now ...... " i don't care if she's family someone kill her for that 
WANTS PEOPLE TO STOP INVITING HER TO FARMVILLE/FARMTOWN . it's a stupid game people ! go grow a real garden for pete's sake ! 
top ten moments for the great gatsby ................... IN NEED FOR ONE MORE MOMENT AND LITERARY DEVICES USED IN GATSBY'S DEATH ! help me please 
william faulkner why did you have to write such a horrible book !!!! 
has no idea on how to wrap up her great gatsby paper ............... AHH MULTIPLE GUESS TEST TOMORROW ! 
my sleeping medicine doesn't let me sleep a wink but my allegry medicine knocks me out for two hours ....... how does that work 
-if you're not an anime freak please excuse this message- FULLMETAL ALCHEMIST HAS BEEN REMOVED FROM MANGAFOX AND ONEMANGA !!!!!! THE HORROR !!! 
Who's with me in the belief that watching a mythbusters marathon is considered studying for the science fcat ? 
is tired of being asked what she wants for her birthday . and I just hit myself with my rainbow slinky 
needs help with slaughter house five paper !!! 
Just finished reading my french homework chapter ..... AND I ACTUALLY UNDERSTOOD IT !!! 
GEORGE OF THE JUNGLE IS ON !!!!! YAY 
If the band bus broke down in the middle of the forest ..... I wonder which one of us would get eaten first -yah these are the questions that haunt my 3 am brain- 
Quote of the day , " MAN THIS IS MORE CONFUSING THAN ASH KETCHUM'S AGE !!! " 
“Around here , however , we don’t look backwards for very long . We keep moving forward , opening up new doors and doing new things and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths . ” 
–Walt Disney 
Pokemon is offically gone on for too long . After doing the math I found out ( not counting for commericals or the 14 movies ) if you watched for 24 hours , with no breaks , it would take 8 DAY AND 4 HOURS TO WATCH EVERY SINGLE EPISODE !!! 
Quote of the day : " This makes about as much sense as the Justin Beiber trading card game . How do I play !? Do I put him in attack position against his backup dancer and use a water bottle card as a spell card !? " 
Quote of the day : " I'm the nice version of mean people . " 
Quote of the day ( by me for once ): " In school I learned that if you have a metronome on 158 , an amp , Sisi on tuba and someone flickering on and off the lights it would be possible to have a rave in the band room . " 
Quote of the day : " What are you talking about they got more unresolved sexual tension than Booth and Bones ! GET TOGETHER ALREADY WE'VE BEEN WAITING LIKE NINE SEASONS ! " 
quote of the day : " You put pictures of your new camera on facebook after you destoried your old camera ..... but how did you take the pictures of ur camera and why didn't you just use that instead of buying an expensive digital camera and than taking pictures of it !? " 
Quotes of the day : " Grandad what were you when you were younger ? " " Well I was a kamikaze pilot , as you can see it didn't go as plan ... " I don't know why I find this funny but I do for some reason 
I HAS A B ----- ( still a B ) IN MATH !!!!!!!! WOO !! 
Quote of the day : " STOP TALKING ABOUT LORI WORLD WHERE EVERYTHING IS HOW YOU WANT IT LIKE IT'S REAL ! IT'S NOT REAL !!! " " YES IT IS IT'S THE NAME OF MY CITYVILLE ! " 
Go to your profile then look at the top 5 friends that are in the sidebar . They are now your team in the upcoming Zombie Apocalypse . -How screwed are you ? I got Katelynn Marie Martin , Kevin Bogdan , Kate Cunningham , Katelynn Commer and Devin Donaghy .... I may just live . Barely , I got some cuts and bruises but I may just live 
Gots a 90 on my Wide Sargasso Sea Paper and I am full of french food , Today is good 
? ? l ? 
???? ?? 
? l ?? ~ ? 
??? f_ , ) ? " Meow " isn't it adorable !? 
Is texting three different Katie's right now , SOMETHING WILL GO WRONG I JUST KNOW IT ! 
Quote of the day : " I'm not saying the thought that my favorite manga writer may be dead and how my favorite manga will never be finished was the first thought I had when I heard about the earthquake/tsunami in Japan cause you'll lecture me ...... but it was a top 10 thoughts . " 
The youth group at Calvary for Fine Arts or something forced me into a chicken dinner sweat shop thinking I was one of thier kids ...... it took them two hours to realize I didn't belong 
quote of the day : " OH MY GOD ! WHY IN THE FACE ! DEAR GOD I FEEL LIKE I'M IN THE HANGOVER ! " please note , this ISN'T what you scream when a slide shocks you right above the eye at a church park .... adults will only hear the hangover part , see you on the ground and will just assume .... 
The weirdest thought hit me . Make a flow chart of who likes who in band and see what shape it makes . My guess ? a blob spider web 
Watching my cousin play KH2 . Quote of the day : 
Cousin : Aww look this guy is so stupid ! I bet he can't even fight ! THIS IS GONNA BE S- 
Demyx : Silence traitor -battle music starts- 
Cousin : Aww crap ! 
20 Minutes later 
Cousin : WHY WON'T YOU LET ME KILL YOU !!!!! 
Quote of the day : " Yah that will happen . Same day Kingdom Hearts 3 comes out , Steve decides to go to a real college and a comet hits the Earth and all the dinosaurs pop out of it like , ' We were just on vacation guys JK!' " 
Rutgers University paid Snooki $ 32,000 ( that money was obtained from mandatory student funds ) to speak at their university . An exact quote from her speech " Study hard , but party harder . " 

WHAT THE HECK AMERICA ! 
In the same way that I look at the Mona Lisa and know that there is no way it could have been created by randomly slinging paint at a canvas , I refuse to believe that a world this complex and beautiful could have happened on accident 
Got my prom dress ..... took me a grand total of ten minutes , Why do girls take hours with something so simple as this ? 
Was 20 minutes late to a 35 minute meeting .... 
éclairs are like Twinkies ... for rich people . " 
Walked up to my cousin reading the Bible and said , " Spoiler alert : Jesus dies " I don't believe hitting me with it is fair .... 
Like my status and I'll tell you : 1 . How we met . 2 . My first impression of you . 3 . What I like about you . 4 . Favorite memory of you . 5 . But if you like this you must put it as your status ! 
Shakespeare : " Romeo , Romeo , wherefore art thou Romeo ? " 
Modern Translation : " Desperate , desperate . I am really desperate ! Are there any stalkers on my grounds ? " 
My brother cried for 35 minutes over the lack of jelly on his sandwich ..... 35 MINUTES !!! I TIMED IT AND ANDREA TEXTED ME EVERY THREE MINUTES TO KEEP TIME 
Read part of MacBeth ..... my reaction ? Lady MacDeath , stop getting your political news from crazy old woman who live in ? the bushes !! 
Why Hunger Games director ..... WHY MUST YOU HAVE NO ABILITY TO CAST WATSOEVER !!!!! 
" Nearly all men can stand adversity , but if you want to test a man's character , give him power . " 
My cap and gown , prom dress and senior band shirt are all next to eachother in my closet ...... I'm gonna have to accept that I'm gonna graduate pretty soon aren't i ? 
Quote of the day , " Now I know how George Washington felt when Napoleon beat him at Pearl Harbor . " Just ... no . 
Ah eurovision .... so far you disapoint me . Mainly Turkey and Armenia ( no offense ) 
The Netherlands , Slovakia , Sweden , Romana .............. only decent countries I've seen in Eurovision so far . Seriously wat the heck ? 
The sky is crying 
Went to the band banquet instead of watching eurovision . Good thing to , WHY EUROVISION MUST YOU FAIL THIS YEAR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Class of 2011 .... we so earned a ticket downstairs for laughing today . Just .... wow 
Was crowned the Burger Queen at the Burger King on the corner of Nova and Granda for telling off some woman who ordered 50 dollars worth of Burger King ..... is it sad I am more proud of this than actually graduating ? 
It just hit me that I can now friend Mr. Scaccia and Mr. Benoit .... 
My neighbor named his new puppy Kitty ..... is this win or fail ? 
Quote of the day : " I left you alone my computer for one hour ..... AND MY VIRIUS SCANNER PICKS UP 273 THINGS AFTERWARDS !?!? " " That's what happens when you go on sketchy anime sites .... " 
And curling into a ball time .... 
Quote of the day : " You are either an anti-social genius .... or selectively brain dead , your choice . Whichever one makes you feel less stupid " Lol cause it wasn't directed towards me 
Was unoffically banned from renting any motor vehicle in new symera beach .... NOT MY FAULT !!!!! 
Someone entertain me ..... I'm making my 3rd origami lily , 2nd crane and a dragon 
Apparently my Civilization Makes us Crazy or as 3 kids called it The Gov . Conspiracy class is being taught by a dude named Mr. J Davis ..... wow 
Quote of the day : " It's something you wouldn't recognize . It's called love . " 
Y in the world are there brass warm up exercises in my flute book ? 
Quote of the day : Until you pull a Bianca and * burn * salad you won't be the worst cook I know . 
quote of the day : " I'M GONNA DIE !!! I need a pair of lawyers that can defend and win even when their client is as guiltly as me ! SOMEONE GET ME MICHEAL JACKSON AND OJ SIMPSON'S DEFENSE LAWYERS !! " 
Ants are offically evil , one just tried to assassinate me 
My zombie plan group : me , taylor , andrea , katie m , katie w , cheyenne , kevin b , andrea's neighbor kyle and steven libby . Everyone else , may God be with u 
nothing good can follow the line " Remember that one time .... " 
Not all treasure is silver and gold 
I GOT A NEW LAPTOP ! I GOT A NEW LAPTOP ! I GOT A NEW LAPTOP ! I GOT A NEW LAPTOP !!!! :D 
" Are you sure you like him ? My gaydar blew a fuse , bursted into flames and destoried a small factory in France when I was standing next to him " .... ah the things u hear in walmart 
What you never want to hear from ur little cousins , " Guess wat ? I learned to pick the lock on ur door ! " 
i got the letter R 
something i like - rotflmao 
something i dont like - rats 
something or someone i love - Rainbending ( thaT MOVE Kataara does when she's about to kill the man who murdered her mother0 
something i dont like - racists 
like this status and ill give u a letter 
" It was kind of cute actually - in an obsessive stalkerish sort of way " ..... how can that statement even be said with a straigh face ? 
English is like a liger but less badass so it's more like a mule ; just a mix of stuff tat was never supposed to be mixed 
Stetson : You need to have your senior english teacher sign off proving that is your work 
Me : Um .... she's in Maryland and she's not coming back .... so ummm .... yah 
78% of my graduation money was used my mom ..... wat's the purpose of having my own bank account if she pays things off with my card anyways !?!? 
.... when did it start raining ? Seriously I can't tune out for a minute to make 25 origami stars can 
WHY DOES IT KEEP RAINING !!!! 
Apparently when someone pretty much faints next to a toddler , the toddler will poke said person 3 times and then call for his busy mommy .... then give up and walk away .... 
the KKK vs Westboro Bapist Church ..... who can I root for in this ???? 
that page in my sketchbook isn't blank , I'm painting with all the colors of the wind ! 
Wow it's been a decade but it's finally the end of the era . Harry Potter Deathly Hollos Part 2 , here I come 
wish I was seeing harry potter right now , but guess I'll just draw 
why do I always end up at walmart , with a white t-shirt in the rain ? 
Never trust a robot ! They will team up with Walmart and McDonalds AND RULE US ALL !!! 
" You never forget kids liks emily and andy .... but they forget you . " Thanks Toy Story , for making me feel so .... sad/guilty 
" Are you using noobs as meat shields to live through this quest !? " 
" No , noobs don't have enough health to be a good meat shields , I am using lvl 10s , they don't count as noobs anymore " 
This is the first timeI don't have to do my pre band camp work out ( running laps in the heat so I don't die in the heat later ) .... THANK GOD !............. Gonna miss band camp alittle though 
So I got 2 cranes , over 100 stars , a star shaped box to carry my stars , 6 lotus flowers , 2 fat tulips , 2 tiny tulips , 2 lilies , a rose and a GIANT flower of some sort ..... the trees that died for this origami hobby of mine .... 
was cleaning out some draws in my room and found 3 drill charts from what I think is my junior year show , the entire cirque show music and some xylophone music ..... what the crap !? 
NO YOU COME BACK LATER POTTERMORE !!! 
" You're a troll by that point katie ! " 
" Yes , I'll be trolling with my four locks and my bike ! " 
Okay , origami is building up , WHO WANTS TO BUY SOME ORIGAMI !!!! 
:) 
Great my bunny exploded ... 
Covert Affairs how I love thee 
" Well it's offical , the amount of girls that like you in comparison to how cute you actually are offically has made your life a bad shojo manga " - XD 
First 8 friends are your zombie apocalypse team 
Sidekick : Rachel Strcula 
Heavy Weapons : Katelin Comer ( scary ) 
The one that's really a Zombie the whole time : Alice Rivers 
The Brains : Mike Stubblefield ( where's becca ? ) 
The one that trips you to get away : Kaitlyn Jenkins ( ... mean ) 
The first to die : Jacob Oakes 
The one that has their own bunker : Kyra Alexine Smith 
The one looking for the last Twinkie : Taylor Lewis ( really taylor ? >.<) 
Something inspire me to draw SOMETHING !! 
The year I got was : 2007 
My age : 13 for most of it , 14 for the last 2 days 
Relationship status : 
My best friend(s ): Micah Cox and Katelynn Marie Martin 
My location : Palm Coast and Ormond Beach 
...... Best thing that happened that year : Moved to Ormond Beach and made friends 
Um .... has anyone seen my black ring ? I kinda lost it 
First day of Stetson orientation almost done .... posting this from a friends dorm as she sets up a coffee maker and i hog the laptop 
Just got back from stetson's orenation thingy ..... so sleepy 
What up with all the Halloween stuff being out , it's not even September yet ! 
GIVE ME MY HUNGER GAMES TRAILER RIGHT NOW VMAS !!!!! I HAVE BEEN WAITING ALL NIGHT WATCHING STUFF I DON'T CARE ABOUT !!!! 
Just saw the hunger games trailer ..... I waited and watched the horrid that is the vmas for like a 10 second video ..................... I hate you mtv , I hate you so much 
Has strep throat ..... so if anyone I've hung out with has a sore throat you may want to go check that out :( 
College hurts , I got paint in my eye ... 
I learned 2 things on my road to a chem major : 
1 . The fire turning a different color means there's a leak and that you should turn off your burner , DON'T STARE AT THE GREEN FIRE and NOT LET THE GREEN FLAMES ENGULF THE BURNER 
2 . Green flames are pretty 
Someone explain 5/8 time to me before I set this piece on fire !!! 
Friend who should not be named : I need to keep friends like these , just on the off chance Hell grades on a curve ... 
My opinon on the XFACTOR : Simon is nicer , Paula has split into two girls and LA is the token minority along with the new Simon which confuses me .... 
there needs to be a cheat for formspring ........ 
HOLY CHEESE !!!!! EYELINER IS BURNING ME !!! 
Lord of the Rings is a LONG series . Three movies , all of which are like 3 hours to go HALFWAY AROUND THE WORLD . I still say it doesn't take 3 MOVIES TO GO HALFWAY AROUND THE EARTH ! it was violent so that makes up for some of it 
all this christmas music for full orch . is making me sing ... 
I find it funny that after all this time only my nonband friends have built up an immunity to me but my band friends aka the ones I spend like 3/4ths of my life with still get sick as dogs from my little colds 
SAT tommorrow , anyone wanna say good luck or u could just put me out of my misery now 
i hate my life . yes i am being emo today , don't judge me 
WHY AM I GIVEN PERMISSION TO PLOT WHEN I DON'T WANT TO PLOT ! THE IRONY RULES MY LIFE ! 
does a cyclops wink or blink ? 
just watched grave of the fireflies . I will admit that i cried cause of this film ...... 
Apparently I can't even apply to the university of central florida cause my mom hates I-4 and driving to check up on me would be a hassle . That goes the same of the University of Miami 
sleepy artist + trying to branch out from colored pencils and deciding to paint instead = almost drowning in red paint/looking like rudolph 
The clarinet section is getting to me , I can't get the song baby by Justin Bieber out of my head 
LAST DAY OF SPRING BREAK !!!!!!!! D: how did the time go by so fast !? atleast I finished my DRQ for Mrs. Paul 
three years to get myself off steiner's hit list , ruined all in one night with one word ....... why did I have to shout , " HA ! " 
this is the second time i've been called jailbait in the past three weeks ..... 
goin over to andrea's house for the next two days to do stupid things . like nerf gun battles with her friends , horseback riding ( or atleast attempted horseback riding ) board games like clue , monolpoly , and candyland and a disney movie marathon . I'm actually gonna have fun for once 
If we get our vending machines taken away I'm gonna be pissed . 
just made it home . I had to walk home ........ it only took me 35 minutes 
Je suis ennuye 
God , my bus driver said she drive me to the front of my neighborhood but that meant that I had to ride with hinson middle schoolers . I GOT HIT ON BY EIGHTH GRADERS !!!!!!! I'm starting to wish I walked home . 
ok playing/talent wise who's the best section in band ..... no u may not vote for ur own section unless u can back it up 
my main source of entertainment for the night just went to sleep on me , now wat ? I'm too awake to go to sleep ! 
Today I rode a horse and after two hours of playing I owned every piece of property in Monopoly , over 2000 dollars while my opponent had nothing but 12 dollars to her name . 
everyone is online except the one i want to talk to the most 
" I ask for nothing . I can get by . But I know so many less lucky than I . Please help my people , the poor and downtrod . I thought we all were the children of God . God help the outcasts ....... Children of God " - God Help the Outcasts from The Hunchback of Notre Dame 
six hours shopping and all I got was pants for my mother ....... wtnk !? 
I want much more than this provincial life . I want adventure in the great wide somewhere . I want it more than I can tell and for once it might be grand to have someone understand . I want so much more than they've got planned 
is my anime cat profile picture really that annoying ? 
Ma maman et mon fere sont alles a la Haiti heir matin . Je me manque ma maman et mon frere . Je suis seul 
I GOT THE INTERWEBS TO WORK AGAIN 
Two notes about yesturday's military history class . 1 . Kiwis aren't extinct but they are in danger so Kazi is about two decades away from being right . 2 . Davis's nephew is even cuter than he was last year .... just thought I'd put that out 
ever had a day where you just don't feel like talking ? 
growl ....... that is all 
don't forget your video project for ap english 
iz acting like such masochist ........... it's getting pathetic now 
i'm bored .... 
" We find you totally innocent ... which is the worst crime of all ... SO YOU'RE GOING TO HANG ! " Don't you just love movie logic ? 
" Don't worry , you're just as sane as I am " Luna Lovegood 
I'm fly . The original . I'm sly . Unpredictable . I'm nearly irresistable and I don't even try . 
I'm easily excitable . Completely undeniable . I'm sometimes ....... unreliable . 
I was woken up several times during my nap cause my mom doesn't know how to change the channel even though we've had this tv since the fifth grade she recently , " forgot " and now I have to do it 
Lovers walking in the night . They had a kind of glow around them . It almost looked like heaven's light ...... And as I ring these bells tonight . My cold dark tower seems so bright . I swear it must be heaven's light - Heaven's Light from Hunchback of Notre Dame 
Schedule . 1-Band 5 . 2-PreCalculus . 3 . American Government Honors . 4 . Physics 1 Honors . 5 . French 3 . 6 . AP English . 7 . Ceramanics/pottery 
did you know you can't buy chough medcine ( even walmart brand ) until ur 17 ...... even when ur 11 days away from 17 and having a choughing fit over the side of the register , they will not sell it to you 
was woken up at freaking 6:45 to my brothers destorying the house , my wallet gone through and even more of my drawings lost . If I don't kill someone today it will be a miracle 
i like blue jeans , and Trampolines , i like you 
i like Cartoons and full moons , i like you 
I took the path less traveled by ........ NOW WHERE THE HECK AM I !?!?!? 
almost car accident but don't worry me and my mom are ok . And those two bastards got a taste of my epic tribute to low rider when I honked at them 
just wasted like ten minutes of my life trying to do the predator noise like davis ........ i still can't do it ...... 
Ever start a drawing ... finished it and look up and just be like , " WHEN DID IT GET DARK !? IT WAS FOUR WHEN I STARTED !?!?!?! " yah .... 
6 hours , 51 minutes till Game stop releases Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep 
Meet a family of three in Wal-Mart . Little boy was Frodo , had a computer named Faramiri , the kid’s iPod was named Pippin , the father's computer is named Arwen . The mother's computer is named Merry(I think ) . either I just met Doug plus twenty years plus family or I just met a family that’s full of win . 
mom wants me to make hot chocolate ..... it's summer and that will take an hour and a half to do ..... NO !!! 
I am the only junior on facebook right now cause of stupid prom ...... have fun crying over a lent down of a prom in " vegas " . 
apparently my sneeze + small patio that echos really loud = neighboor thinking i'm screaming and that someone attacked me ...... not fun 
SAT TOMORROW !!! wish me luck cause I am so gonna fail this thing ! 
Blackjack wins for me , pete and dimitri respectively : 21 , 13 , 4 . I almost feel bad ..... BAD I DIDN'T PLAY FOR MONEY ! 
I have so memories of highschool but very few pictures , this worries me . What am I suppose to do when I am old and my memory isn't too good ? 
this is a warning to all those who are attending graduation tomorrow ........ my step dad stole the last of the allergy meds ....... don't have cash to buy more so I will be most likely squeezing nonstop tomorrow . Sorry guys 
my mom out bitched the cable company and got our internet back ......... these are one of the few moments I smile at my mom . It's nice to know my attitude is infact genetic and thus I can't be blamed completely for it ....... 
The flower that blooms in adversity is the most rare and beautiful of all . 
12:10 am I WAS SLAMMED INTO A CAR DOOR CAUSE OF STEVE ! 10:30 am GOT INTO A SHOUTING MATCH with my mom about not wanting to go to church cause I WAS IN PAIN and calvary church gives me headaches . Noon today I GOT INTO A SHOUTING MATCH WITH MY MOTHER IN THE CHURCH PARKING LOT causing her to say that I will go to hell because I don't want to go to church . 12 HOURS OF HELL RIGHT THERE !!!!!!!!!!! 
cici broke my bed ... 
I wanna get off the ride of life . Taylor and Andrea are having the best week in a while and I'm having the worst week in a while ................. maybe it's karma because of my " evil " plotting 
taylor made me delete my status 
Has offically gone as mad as hatter 
has to deal with twin three year old boys on sugar highs from halloween candy ..... may god have mercy on my soul 
just woke up from a chocolate induced coma ...... I haven't gone into one of those since the halloween of .... 06 . Never again 
taylor wont let me mess with his facebook ....... something about me being a danger . 
is anyone going to the american musical festial ? 
Got my SAT scores today ....... 
" Are you calling me desperate ? " 
" No , just . Uh , romantically awkward . " ........ wat's worst , being called desperate or romantically awkward ? 
good night world 
is it bad that I just don't care anymore ? 
waiting for the rain 
is considering baking cookies either today or tommorrow .... if I bake them today i get to eat all of them ... but if I bake them tommorrow night then everyone in the band hallway in the morning will get one as well ... 
my laptop is about to die ....... so i guess its time to go 2 bed . night world 
Some will look at me and vomit . But I will look how I want to . Some will hear me and not get it . But I will say what I want to 
Don't try to label me hypocrite ... 
I will do what I want to ... 
GOT MY RIGHT EAR TO STOP RINGING FROM PIT PRATICE ! WOOT ! 
...... my mom was on my email ....... and yesturday she was looking at my text messages ..... did I do something ? 
sleepy 
KATIE WILSON'S CAR IS COMPLETELY CLEAN !!!! Two and a half hours of my life gone , BUT IT IS DONE !!! 
my cousin just burned salad .... 
I finally caught up on the fullmetal alchemist chapters , it only took a day of not doing my english homework .......... THEN I FIND OUT I GOTTA WAIT A MONTH FOR THE NEXT CHAPTER WHICH IS ALSO THE LAST ! i shoulda waited a month and then just read the whole dame thing in one sitting !!!!! 
First batch of red velvet cupcakes ever made are out of the oven and cooling ! XD They look so pretty ! Wish I added just alittle more red dye though 
is covered with ketchup and is in pain ...... that's my luck right there 
R.I.P. Bob the rooster .... we barely knew ya but we will all miss you and your abilty to get picked on by all barnyard animals and be so stupidly adorable . Bye bye bob 
Another thing to add to my dictatoral list of things that need to change in the world : All cars must have windows . If you could see my car after what the jeep did it to it , you would know why 
needs to assign someone to remind me when we have math homework over the weekend next year ....... 
discovered a joy of being an older sibling .... I CAN NOW STEAL HALLOWEEN CANDY FROM PEOPLE WHO CAN'T BEAT THE CRAP OUTTA ME ! It took three years but I think i'm finally liking this older sister gig I got 
Going homecoming dress shopping with andrea beauchaine and taylor lewis , yay 
been up since 3:15 ..... meh 
secret admirers ....... sweet or stalkers with flowers ? 
my formspring is making me question ...... 
was somehow convinced to be the white rabbit in my friend's alice and wonderland photoshoto ....... I m so confused AND WHY CAN'T I BE THE CHESHIRE CAT 
.... my physics homework was easy ...... THIS DOES NOT COMPUTE ! 
just choked on an ice cube ..... 
am I allowed to give up on guys again ? 
Goodbye my beautiful B- in Physics Honors .... I didn't know you for long , only for about two weeks but I LOVED YOU ! AND I CAN'T BELIEVE I LOST YOU AGAIN !!! 
has given up on guys and makeup . I have better things to focus on 
first i am told i will be the white rabbit in an alice the wonderland photoshot and now I'm gonna be kidnapped to watch star wars and lord of the rings ........ this summer isn't gonna be normal will it ? 
No good deed goes unpunished . That's my new creed ; my road of good intentions led where such roads always lead . I'm done with doing good deeds because no good deed 
goes unpunished and I'm sick of it 
JUST remembered about that perfomance thingy ..... 
Is still so very sorry 
an unknown number texted me to google ' cunning linguist ' and I stupidly did ........... WHY DID NO ONE STOP ME ! I need brain bleach now !!! 
They say if you love someone you should let them go but they never say how to stop the hurt when they leave without even looking back . They never say what to do when they never come back . Not everyone comes back , very few actually do , so why is there no advice on that ? 
A man marries his lab in TOOWOOMBA , Australia ..... wat's weird the dog part or the fact there's a place called TOOWOOMBA somewhere in Australia ? 
IT'S CHRISTMAS EVE !!! 
is having a good day . :D First in a while 
wants the last airbender to be out already 
ALL THE CUPCAKES ARE DONE !!! 
Starbuck : Let me ask you , Lizzie—are you pretty ? 
Lizzie : No—I'm plain ! 
Starbuck : There ! You see ? —you don't know you're a woman ! 
Lizzie : I am a woman ! A plain one ! 
Starbuck : There's no such thing as a plain woman ! Every real woman is pretty ! They're all pretty in a different way—but they're all pretty ! 
HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! TO WHO !? TO ME ! HAPPY HAPPY BIRTDAY TO WHO !? TO ME ! :D 
ever had a family member come over and stay the weekend and they keep giving you little gifts that you don't reliase how much this stuff is worth until after they leave ? I got $20 , a new shirt , new sandles and a thumbdrive .......... and I have no idea how this didn't hit me until she was on a plane back to NY . 
Do you call a family of bigfoot a bunch of bighfoots or bigfeet ??? THIS QUESTION IS INFACT IMPORANT !!!!! 
apparently I have 90 hours of community service ......... I said I would stop once i hit 75 but I actually like volunteering at the hositpal so I think I'll keep going 
because my interwebs was done yesturday I wasn't able to announce this to the world ....... I GOT MY LISCENSE YESTURDAY 
still bored 
Is apparently worth $ 2,241,454 on humanforsale ...... check it out and see if you're worth more cause I am curious now . http://www.humanforsale.com/ 
doesnt ' see the appeal in the Twilight movies to be honest 
I'm sick and tired of never being able to do anything anymore without hurting someone , makig someone sad or being yelled at by someone who quite honsetly I think is sick and tired of me . I haven't smiled in weeks cause of this crap and depression sucks . 
HAMLET IS GONNA KILL ME ! 
hour 12 of babysitting the boys ..... no food/sleep , my defences are weaking while they remain strong ...... 
is it bad i only got my cousin to watch SWEENEY TODD by saying , " what if I told you that Bellatrix Lestrange , Captain Jack Sparrow , Severus Snape Wormtail , and Borat got together to make a musical about a barber who murdered his customers , then made pies out of them ? 
ok , to stop the nonstop polls ..... wat do you think is the perfect theme song for me ?? 
still feels sick to my stomach 
Things I have learned from today , 1 . even though giving sisi was an ..... interesting adventure which I ALMOST DIED TWICE it was kinda fun ..... I'm not gonna do it again anytime soon 2 . I apparently would make a very good singer/belly dancer ; I don't get that last one either . 
if I didn't have homework to do , I would be asleep right now ...... 
Came home from band pratice , threw up and then passed out ...... not fun 
Officer meeting summer ...... the start of the end starts tommorrow 
Is pretty sure she was accepted into UCF ..... damn site is confusing though 
just offically finished the hunger games series , my reaction ??? GALE GO DIE IN A FIRE ! so sad cause i liked him in the first book but now he just needs to go die in a fire 
I have a piece of advice to all the guys of the world . Pretty girls are nature's equivalent to Rupelstilskin . They approach you , act all nice and adorable , offer you something you previously thought impossible and before you know it , they are at your door asking for your first offspring . Nothing but vipers in the end - Clarissa La Rue 
apparently read the first 2 harry potter books and half of the third last night between the hours of 8 and 2 am and siruis black is now my wallpaper BUT I CAN'T REMEMBER DOING ANY OF THIS !!! 
going to the hosptial ........ to volunteer , got to get my mind off my problems for a few hours before my head just explodes 
my hairdryier bite me 
Am I that bad of a person ? 
got a job interview at 3:30 Friday at Chick-fil-a , yay !! :D Now All I gotta do is be sweet , smart , charming and make a good first impression ........ I iz screwed D: 
feels sick to my stomach ..... this labor day week has sucked majorly for me 
Your smile is like a breath of spring . Your voice is soft like summer rain And I cannot compete with you , joleneHe talks about you in his sleep . There’s nothing I can do to keep . From crying when he calls your name- Jolene by Dolly ....... my life sucks 
poetry and hamlet turned into turnitin.com ..... I am done . -falls over- 
wearing minnie mouse ears , at erin's house watching her suck helium and making her cat dance ..... today is getting weirder but funny 
" WAIT A MINUTE ! If she's the oven , and the baby is the bun , DOES THAT MAKE ME THE MUFFIN MAN !? " .... I have no comment for this , just let it be known I just about died laughing at my cousin and his gf's faces when he said that 
is a bad friend 
I fell down the stairs to lunch , on the bus onto kevin & 2 seconds later onto the ground by my seat & got a taste of taylor's dinkles , when we were walking into the stands I lost my balance & thrashed around for a minute , then I tripped on a stand and almost went face first into the cement stand above that , hobbled on the stairs out , & fell down 3 times in a row & almost took david down with me on the bus ride home 
Willy loman isn't a tragic hero , he's just tragic .... 
is just dead 
I brake for faries , unicorns , witches , wizards , good men , dragons and any other fantasy creatures that I can see . 
my cell phone died 
GOT ACCEPTED INTO STETSON !!! 
" Ahh ! Don't hit me with your man purse !!! " 
" IT'S A SATCHEL !! INDIANA JONES HAD ONE AND NO ONE CALLED IT A MAN PURSE ! " - Only about three hours into Thanksgiving , 20 minutes into family showing up and my entertainment has already begun . 
is being dragged to outback cause my mom and I have no drive to cook anything today ..... medium rare-well done steaks here I come ! 
Dear big red bus people ..... please check our veins when we get there from now on , don't make us wait two and a half hours just to tell us OUR VEINS ARE TOO SMALL AND WE HAVE A SLIGHT IRON DEFICIENCY 
SOMEONE HELP ME !!! What topic did you choose for urbina's paper !? I am so confused .... DANG YOU WUTHERING HEIGHTS ! 
OMG , I just got off the phone with MetroPCS customer service and I was just on the phone with like the scariest big black man voice I've ever heard ..... if bears could talk they would have his voice . 
School ended at 1:45 but I didn't get home till 6:15 ..... WTH DID I EVEN DO TODAY !? 
The amount of akweird silences my mother and I had over dinner tonight will result in a very small pride festial/riot thru the street of new york twenty-five years from now , I just know it 
DOES ANYONE HAVE THE SWEENY TODD ( 2008 version) !? Katie and I gotta watch it tommorrow !!!! 
There's nothing more dangerous than a boy with charm - Christina Aguilera 
" I HATE MUFFINS ! There are such want-a-be cupcakes ! " 
" Yah but when you think about it , cupcakes are nothing but want-a-be cakes " 
" Touche " Point 1 for Lori ! Lori = 1 ; Annoying Neighbor Girl = -5 
Half way down with Stetson's application , finished UNF's and UCF's is giving me a headache ..... it's a good thing I'm doing this online and not mailing , I probably would have burned the application papers by now 
Just finished my cookies .... THIS IS THE LAST TIME I EVER USE A BOX ! I swear they taste awesome , but I had to add stuff just to get the right texture and they look like they got hit by a truck ! This is why I always make things from scratch , so .... WHO WANTS A FREE COOKIE TOMMORROW !? JUST COME BY THE BAND HALLWAY TOMMOROW MORNING AND GRAB YOURSELF A COOKIE ! 
Is on sugar bunny shop ..... no judging it's the cutest website ever 
got back from katie's party ..... i iz in pain from being tackled repeatly and falling down like five times ( gravity still doesn't like ) 
Can't run throught my solo anymore tonight ....... high notes on flute is apparently very difficult to fall asleep to according to my family 
" Lori you can only go trick or treating if you bring the boys " = like 6 old ladys saying " aww you and your twin boys look so cute in your costumes !! " -shot in the face- 
The Lost Hero ..... DANG YOU RICK RIORDAN you've made me learn so many greek myths with the percy jackson series now I gotta learn their roman counterparts for your next book !? I swear if your books werent ' amazing I would hate you for all the stuff you make me learn 
Got accepted into UNF ...... just one more and i'll be able to say I can go to any school I wanted cause they all accepted it while my brother was REJECTED by all of them !!!! 
Not trying to be mean , but doesn't seem like some relationships remind you of the song Geeks Get The Girls by American Hi-Fi 
" Hold your head high . Don't ever let ' em define The light in your eyes . Love yourself , give them Hell . You can take on this world . You just stand and be strong And then fight Like a girl . Oh , with style and grace Kick ass and take names " - Bomshel Fight like a Girl 
m what the cheese did I do in the band room that kept me from not geting home til 6:15 !? 
Ok , the next time I write a band hotties list .... can someone remind me to erase it BEFORE I leave the band room ? 
almost done with Wuthering Heights paper .... 
" Yay for two minute conversations . They never grow old around here . Or longer . " 
WHO'S READY FOR THE TWENTY DEGREE NIGHT AND LOW THIRTIES MORNING !?!?! WOOT ! 
Like this if you still refuse to take Pluto off ur list of planets ..... NO MATTER WAT NASA SAYS ! 
" Remember Cedric . Remember , if the time should come when you have to make a choice between what is right and what is easy , remember what happened to a boy who was good , and kind , and brave , because he strayed across the path of Lord Voldemort . Remember Cedric Diggory . " one of the few parts of Harry Potter that actually made me cry while reading it 
someone is being kidnapped to go see Disney's Tangled with me on Black Friday , who will come quietly and who am I gonna have to drag !? 
" Your favorite memory of your mother is when she told your dad she was leaving him ..... there are so many daddy issues and so many other unlying issues in that statement I don't even know where to begin " ..... what you ask me to listen I'm gonna tell you the truth ! 
Finished my ACT and SAT sign up things . IF I DON'T GET THE TOP BRIGHT FUTURES I'M GONNA BE PISSED ! Finished my applications to Stetson , UNF and UCF . Mailing the teacher rec . and checks right now . IF I DON'T GET INTO ONE OF THESE SCHOOLS I'M GONNA BE PISSED ! fair warning to you guys .... 
1 . WAS ACCEPTED TO UCF ! WOO !!!! I finally beat my brother at something ! 2 . I think I may be playing a solo tommorrow in full orchestra if things don't turn out nice tommorrow morning ... THIS IS A FOREWARNING OF THE PANIC ATTACK I WILL EXPERIENCE IF I DO ! 
It won't hurt ( Poke ) me if you had a crush on me or still do .. ish 
( Like ) this if I'm a cool / good friend 
( Message ) me , if you wanted to have a relationship with me 
( Comment ) if we had good memories back in the day 
If you're brave enough then copy this onto your status ? 
just had to break into my house in the freakish storm that's going on outside .... no cover , and it's coming down hard at my house . WORST . EXPERIENCE . EVER !!!!!! 
I got a 95 on an open book test I didn't even open the book to finish and I was the first one done ...... I AM TOO SMART FOR AMERICAN GOVERNMENT HONORS !!!! 
Solo and ensemble music came in the mail today !!! SUITE MODALE MOVEMENTS 1 AND 3 HERE I COME !!! 
isn't upset 
Temperature- 100.3 . Choughing ... 6 choughs per thirty seconds . Misry Levels- Max . Level . Wheezing and stuffy nose .... in brief , I wanna die and/or pass out right now 
if Kesha wakes up feeling like P Diddy ..... what does it feel like to wake up feeling like kesha ? 
MADE IT HOME ALIVE !!! Got into a choughing fit and collapsed on my stairs , BUT I GOT HOME ALIVE !!! Proof that I win battles not wars 
there's a staccato and tenuto mark over the same note ..... WAT DOES THIS MEAN !!!! 
has to follow Lindsay Temple tommorrow at solo and ensemble ...... -head meets desk- 
done with SAT 
" No , I'm not talking to you anymore . Talk to the booty , ' cause the hand is off duty and the face just don't wanna listen ! " HOW DO YOU REPOND TO THAT !? Wat do you say to your brother's roomate , who refers to you only as sister or jailbait , says that to you !? 
