will soon miss the peace and quiet . 
" The ages from 13 to 32 are very confusing times " - Mr. Monk 
- " Merry Christmas , my friends and family ! I wish you a wonderful , love filled day ... and a year of lovely blessings ! " 
" Thank you so much , family and friends for your birthday greetings and wishes ! Have a great week ... Happy thanksgiving ! Hugs ! " 
2nd week without a cellphone ... its like being back in the 90s . 
is ready to beat bronchitic asthma's ass with ginger , honey and garlic ;) 
News at 11 ... where to get the perfect jeans ! Seriously ?!? When did the news get so stupid ? 
can't believe she's now allergic to tuyo as well as shrimp ! 
Another fun night with my Gelasia sisters ! Thanks , ladies ! 
Snow day !!! 
is still high from the 1st cup of coffee she's had in 2 months ... had to give in to temptation ... was falling asleep checking notebooks . 
can't believe she is harassed with school work during summer vacation ! 
snuggled under a comforter ... Coffee by the bed ... And a gr8 book ... My blissfully warm saturday . 
MERRY CHRISTMAS , Friends and Family ! I miss you guys ! love ya ! 
threw paper planes off the Golden gate bridge today ! 
... walking through slushy snow is a piece of cake ... Lol 
" one down ... one to go ! " 
' s brain is numb . 
I should be asleep ! 
Getting my needed rest and living vicariously through valentine wknd love story marathon ... Lol 
Friends and family , thanks for the birthday greetings ! I feel the love :) I am thankful for such caring people in my life . Happy week ! 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING ! I thank you all for being a part of my life whether it was for a brief moment or a whole lifetime . You have enriched my life more than you could ever know . Thank you ! Hugs ! 
Waiting for the dryer to stop & thinking if anyone could really die of boredom 
Facebooook ... let me gooooo . I need to get dressed and get to Jersey !!!! 
Uncle Sam wants you !... to become a teacher ! " Become a teacher , your country needs you ! " 
I was complaining to myself about walking through slushy snow then I remembered once having to wade through thigh high flood waters back in college . I realized 
Obama jst earned a brownie point for saying we need to give teachers the respect they deserve . 
Happy new year , friends and family ! 1/1/11 .. 2 days for me :D 
Good night , world ! It was a lovely day . 
Gottino ... brunch heaven ! 
" Must have ... " shortens to sound like " Must've " NOT " MUST OF " !!! 
" Politicians are like diapers , they have to be changed often and for the same reason " - robin williams on man of the year 
A teacher somewhere in your neighborhood tonight is grading and preparing lessons to teach your children while you are watching television . In the minute it takes you to read this , teachers all over the world are using their " free time " , and often investing their own money , for your child's literacy , prosperity , and future . Re-post if ... you are a teacher , love a teacher or appreciate our teachers ! 
I should never be let loose in a bookstore , ESPECIALLY STRAND ... 18 miles of BOOKS ! 
