stupid friggin pen doesn't work !!!!!! gosh im so p*ssed right now and all because of a pen what is wrong with me 
Yay I'm gonna be a sophomore tomorrow and no longer at the bottom of the heap ! Boo-yah ! 
UGH I'm gonna DIE I have maps and a stupid boring book to read for AP Euro and another stupid boring book to read for honors english + a report to write on it and basically a week to do it in !!! Well its my own fault for putting it off so long but whyyyy do teachers need to ruin our breaks and suck the joy and fun out of life ????? 
Unbelievable I have homework in all 6 classes today !!!!!! lol . and my AVID teacher has officially gone off the deep end ... he's making us draw a thing of deoderant for homework and then advertise it .. it has something to do with writing our future college essays . 
So glad it's Friday . If I weren't so exhausted I'd be doing cartwheels of joy right now . lol 
Does anyone else ever get lonely over the summer ? Yea , I hang out with friends and Facebook helps too but its not the same as having lots of people around every day to talk to me and give me hugs !!! Im sooo sad =( luckily school starts next week though and then it won't be so lonely :) 
Totally gonna fail my AP European history exam tomorrow !!!!!! D: 
Shannon is on a mission !!! I'm working on starting a club called the Social Justice Club . Basically it's a group for teens , where we work together to do activism and volunteer work . Everyone is welcome ! The goal is for everyone to tap into their talents , interests , and passions to help out in the community ! If you're interested let me know and send me a message . And please spread the word ! Have a great day everyone ! 
The weekend's almost over !!! noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo 
i <3 saturday mornings . so peaceful . 
oh my god . it is 19 degrees right now ! and its not even mid october ! i want summer back !!! 
sick of homework and tests and its only october X-( 
thank goodness tomorrow is friday my brain is totally fried XD 
took the psats today ! the test wasn't nearly as hard as i thought it would be . and it was purple !!! sweeett 
should get off facebook and do my homework . but I really don't feel like it . X-( 
so lonely 
God I've been up since around 2 this morning . I just feel so awful . 
unbelievable ! it's 6:20 in the morning and it is PITCH BLACK out . 
macbeth doth make no sense X-/ 
ahhh ... greasy fattening food is the solution to all of life's problems . ^_^ 
Alas , time is passing way too fast <3 
? I am a follower of Christ and proud to say it !! Let's see how many people on FB aren't afraid to show their love for God ! Repost this as your status . Each time you see this on someone's status , say a quick prayer for that person !! Lets get God back in this country like He should be !!! If you agree post this in your status update . Just copy and paste . 
It is a cold and lonely night tonight . 
i miss daylight and flowers and sunshine . :( 
I am going to DIE . or fail my classes . or both D= 
SO EXCITED !!! i've decided to do Running Start next year :D 
sflkj209uljlglj'jaljg'l;;lksd;alkdfu9 827502qoihn;geka;' i[pkl'aik0rtg i'M fEeLiNg RaNdOm ToDaY :p :D 
mmmmmmmmmhhhhhmmmm cake batter ... ^_^ 
<3 <3 i'm so excited i , just can't hide it <3 this song is stuck in my head now .. X-) 
Damnit !!! Nothing is going right today !!!!!!!!!!!! 
ok , feeling a bit better now lol . i'm so zenned out now . toottalllyyy . ~ oooommmmmmm ~ 
24 days till Christmas woot woot !!! <3<3 
There is nothing like staying up till 2 in the morning talking to your boyfriend when you have tons of homework to do and risk getting caught but still do it anyway just for the hell of it ;D 
mmmmm .... greasy fast food + ice chocolate coffee = heavenly , artery clogging bliss ^_^ 
Don't want to go to school today !!! BOOOO =[ 
WHEW ... came within a fraction of an inch earlier tonight of getting into a major car wreck . Still kinda shook up but I'm so glad noone got hurt ... 
WOOT WOOT !!! got the guitar i wanted for Christmas =) 
~ sigh ~ playing the guitar is harder than it looks ! i am going craaazy here .. seriously in need of lessons cuz it sounds atrocious XD lol ! 
ahhhh ... I <3 having those carefree days when i can do absolutely n ~ o ~ t ~ h ~ i ~ n ~ g . =D just kick back and relax , frishizzle . 
chocolate chip cookies baking in the oven ^_^ 
You know you're in love when you can't sleep because reality is finally better than your dreams . <3 <3 :) 
hmmm ... thinking about trying out for the school musical this week . =) 
did my Christmas shopping last night :D It's shocking : I bought some cards , some candy , and a couple small gifts and that was more than eighty freaking dollars !!! everything's just too expensive nowadays :/ 
I'm up . At 3 in the morning . Eating cereal . Life is good . ;D 
ahhh ... nuthin ' better than a lavender bubble bath with candles and the lights dimmed . 
Happy Christmas Eve's Eve everyone =) 
hey guys do any of you know when christmas break ends ? 
awwww i slept my whole friday away !! went 2 take a nap that afternoon and didn't wake up till like 20 min . ago . this is sad =/ 
WOOT WOOT !!! not that this has a useful purpose at all but I have reached over 1,000 fan pages . =D 
I am SO ready for a fresh start , a new year , a new beginning . 
Hey everyone tell me how the first day of school went !! And any of you reading this who went to Battle of the Bell , I missed out -- fill me in on all the details ! I hope everyone's had a great day today have a great rest of the week ! 
ATTENTION : if you text ' Haiti ' to 85944 , 10 dollars from your cell phone account will be donated to help provide medical care , clean water , and more , to the earthquake victims in Haiti . Please spare a few seconds of your time to help . Prayers are much needed also . Thanks everyone <3 
i don't want to go to school tomorow ... i want to stay in bed and read all night and sleep in late and have a lazy day at home and party the night away ... wish it was summer -__- 
Hey guys :D what do u think of my new profile pic ?? It's a self-portrait . Or at least , an attempt at one . lol ! 
FINALLY going to see the school musical tonight - i can't wait :D hmm why do i procastinate even on fun things ?? 
it's a fresh start . i am ready to rock ' n roll 
Still up doing homework . Got Ap Euro , math , chem , and English . ugh -_- 
SO stoked for the weekend !!! Four days of bliss ~ <3 u guys got any fun plans ? 
got SO MUCH homework too do plus chores . I just want to relax . can't catch a break for nothin ' :( 
Last day of the weekend .. NOOOOOOOOO !!! :( :( 
thank God for sparknotes !! without them id probably fail honors english :D 
Lets support our Troops . If you support our Troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . There should be no excuses from anyone !!!!! This should appear in everyones status ! Please do this for the ones that make this the Land of Free and the Home of the Brave 
Thanksgiving's next week yippee !! <3 <3 so , what are y'all thankful for ? 
-__-* why why whyyyy do i always put my weekend hw off till Sunday evening ... wait a minute why the heck do we have weekend hw anyway ?!? i call student revolt !!! with white picket signs and everything !!! thatd be so cool 
Whoooo Hump Day !!! Ready to Rock ' n ROLL 
Lol - one of those nights where I'm too tired to really stay up and do anything but too lazy to go to bed ! ah well - good night everybody =D 
just got caught being still up on the computer xD oops !! off 2 bed :o / 
state testing , whoooooo ! ( nooot really ) wake me up when school's over -_- zzzzzz !!! 
mmmmmm cake batter 4 breakfast yummm 
o_- zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz ( still half asleep ) 
Nah nah nah nah , nah nah nah nah , hey ~ hey ~ hey , good ~ ~ bye ( haha not really i'm not goin ' anywhere just totally love this song <3 ) 
sigh . It is after 11 o clock at night , and I haven't even started on my homework yet . WHY , Why , Why ?! stupid stupid * bangs head against table * D= 
chemistry can DIE !! 
I PASSED THE AP EURO EXAM !!! Got a 3 ! I seriously did not think I would pass !! 
I think I've FINALLY learned my lesson about not procrastinating !!! If I'd done the ap assignments earlier this summer I could be chillin ' out before school starts but now I will be paying the price ! Lol , but I am probably not the only person here who has done this . =]] 
Managed to lock my whole family out tonight when I was trying to get the door open !!! 
had crazy fun at the game last night =P 
cake for breakfast :D 
=] 
Back from the all-nighter . I had a great time =D completely exhausted though !! Gona crash for a while ~ Peace . 
Willing myself to magically fall ill to drag spring break out a little longer .... doesn't seem to be working ;-/ 
it seems like almost everyone's status is negative today . this is kind of depressing =[ 
* stomp stomp * clap * stomp stomp * clap WE WILL WE WILL ROCK YOU * stomp stomp * clap * stomp stomp * clap WE WILL WE WILL ROCK YOU ! * stomp stomp clap * .... ( queen ~ best band ever !! :P ) 
good night and good morning , everyone :) 
Jesus is the ultimate Healer . When you are sick or hurting , in your body or in your heart , come to him with your troubles and he will heal you . Never forget that . ~ <3 
all our water is gooonneee ! noooooooo !!! D= 
haha i'm becoming psychic or something ... i keep intuitively knowing what my notifications will say before actually reading them . how cool is that ?? :P 
anyone know the password to that woice inventory thing for Advisory ??? 
Children with special needs do not have an illness . It is not contagious . They only want what we all want : to be accepted . Can I make a request of anyone who is willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education week , and this is in honor of all children who need a little extra help . At least one hour ? 
APRIL FOOOOOOLZZZZ suckas :P 
Had an amaaazing time teaching sunday school today for the first time ! Pretty rowdy too ... 0.0 lol . gonna go dance in the rain now 

How's your weekend been ? <3 
Soooo psyched out for the all-nighter =D me and my youth group are going to stay up all night playing hockey , bowling and going to the movies ... can't WAIT !!! 
" Let the resurrection joy lift us from loneliness and weakness and despair to strength and beauty and happiness . " ~ Floyd W . Tompkins Happy Easter everyone <3 
Lesson learned : NEVER pick up a sleeping kitty !!! no matter how temptingly adorable it looks . 
story of my life ( as of today ) got on facebook cuz im bored . logged off facebook cuz i got bored . went to sleep cuz i was bored . got back up cuz i got bored trying to sleep . LOL oh , the ironies of life !! so much stuff to do ..... but nothing sounds good X-P 
~ I'll be dreaming of you tonight Till tomorrow comes , I'll be holding you tight And there's nowhere in the world I'd rather be Than here in my room , dreaming about you and meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ~ <3 <3 <3 * Dreaming of You by Selena . beautiful song ! =] 
hate when I'm rocking out in my room and then my nirvana comes to a screeching halt with commercial brakes -_-* 
Music makes everything better <3 
It's nice having facebook when I'm home by myself ... it's impossible to feel lonely when connected to 100+ ppl , at one time =] <3 
no , forget that last status ... there's no such thing as failure in art . it is just expressing oneself , after all . and i am determined to become a good artist !!!! even if i have to keep practicing and maybe even start over at square one learning about lines and shading ..... 
I need to get up at 3:30 ish to leave on a field trip to Seattle - but still feel wide awake so I'm gonna stay up !!! :P probably will regret this in the morning though .... ^_^ 
People need to understand that special needs children don't have an illness , they are not looking for a cure only acceptance . 93% of you probably won't copy and paste this ~ will you be in the 7% that will and leave it on your status for at least an hour . Special Education week March 22nd to the 26th . 
Stoked for the Indians baseball game =] =] 
i love giving my dog hugs . how his fur feels sooo soft and he looks up at me with big shiny eyes ^_^ 
Seattle , here I come <3 it will be so nice to get away from everything for a while ... :) 
Stoked for the dance on Saturday <3 gonna ROCK OUT the dance floor !!! 
eating brownie batter and watching all these cars drive by my house and thinking about life .... 
can't sleep ' cuz of an aching heart .... 
grounded for life :( 
Okay why does it feel like freaking Janurary ??? 
i'm so sleepy that even the keyboard feels soft and luxurious against my face , and the faint hum of the computer monitor sounds like angel lullabies <3 <3 <3 -_- ZZZzzzzzz 
Like this and get : 1 . Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 . The color you remind me of . 3 . My first memory of you . 4 . The animal you remind of . 5 . Ask something I've always wondered about you . 6 . My favorite thing about you . 7 . Give you a weird nickname . 8 . A challenge to repost this as your status . 
El numero 7 :) 
I'm really glad to have met you ; you have made a big impact on my life . I feel stronger and more confident when I talk to you . You really listen , and it's nice just knowing you are there . You have such strong values and morals . And you focus on the important things , like respect , family , education , being true to yourself . I look up to you and love you , like a soul sister . =D 
Does anybody else ever do their homework while on facebook or is that just me ? 
Just watched Homeless to Harvard with my dad . It reminds me so much of the everything I've been through , everything my family has been through . Liz made it . My mom is working on going to college so she can make it . I'm going to make it . 
mmmm unsweetened cocoa smells amazinggg ... but then , why does it taste so bad ??? 
Kids with special needs aren't sick or gross . They only want what we all want : to be accepted . Can I make a request : is anyone willing to post this and leave it as your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education week , and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way 
is on a ' liking ' rampage =D 
orange embers in the fireplace . gooey melt in your mouth cookies right out of the oven . being an idiot with friends . today has been a very good day =]] 
" Be the change you want to see in the world . " 
~ Mahatma Gandhi 
Sooo nervous/excited for tomorrow ! I'm going to give my crush a little for something for Valentine's Day , hopefully he will like it ... <3 Anyone else doing anything special for Valentine's Day ? 
slogging through english assignment .............. 
someone keeps calling my house and then hanging up 0.0 i hope it's not gonna be like in one of those movies .... * shudders * i can't even finish this sentence 
It is five in the afternoon and it feels like the middle of the night ! 
I was looking for something and now forget what I was looking for ! Such is life :) 
weird to think twenty four hours from now I will be in sixth period staring at the clock !!! unless .... unless it's a snow day again . =]] 
Even though no one's on right now it is still good to be on facebook . It makes me feel safe , and like I'm not alone . <3 Especially late at night like now ... :) 
This piece of shiaz computaaarrrggghhhhhhhhh !!! >:O 
so stoked for the miracle worker tonight =D 
Wrote my first song today =D 
Sooo my binder sort of exploded everywhere on the way to fifth period , and this guy who didn't even know me not only helped me pick up the papers , he helped me organize them and walked me to class . yayy random acts of kindness =D 
taking a break from failed frenzy attemps at making art . 
haha finally getting around to cooking dinner and it's almost midnight :p 
Can one person fix a family ? 
A moment of silence to remember 9/11 . 
................ 
<3 
what's on my mind ? stress ? yes . being unsure of myself ? yes . 
but i say no to both and yes to life . 
Hey guys what are some good singers/bands to check out on youtube ? I'm bored :P 
This is the best birthday I've ever had thanks to you guys . :) I was really touched so many people cared and wrote on my wall today . I <3 you ! 
Looking forward to tomorow =] ' tis a new day and no better way to spend it than with friends <3 
Bacon - in all its glorious , greasy , salty goodness 
mmmmm 
accidentally got nonfat , nonsugar yogourt at the store ... it's SO gross !! now she knows to look at the labels when shopping . haha 
Just started learning Japanese today :D 
Just now starting on homework . Bad idea . Bad bad bad . UGH 
Thinking about this one special boy .... :) <3 
I could use a crystal ball right about now :P 
wisdom says : 
" ... but since you rejected me when I called , and no one gave heed when I stretched out my hand , since you ignored all my advice and wouldn't accept my rebuke , I in turn will laugh at your disaster . " 
~ Proberbs 1 : 24-26 
I haaaaatttteeee cleaning X-[ 
Nothing like the smell of dark chocolate cinnamon cookies baking in the oven <3 
ANYONE have Mrs. Ziegler for AP English who knows the assignment ?! ' Cause I lost it ... Thanks , loves =) 
I'm eating a pickle right now . Like this status if you like pickles :P 
ughhh what was i thinking when i signed up for these ap classes ?! :/ 
songs make great inspiration for paintings . 
feels dumb 
i can already taste the crisp tartness of autumn , i can already feel the dark earthy chill on my skin and in my bones ... 
LATE NIGHT MAC ' N CHEESSSEEEE ! 
Last weekend to rock out before school starts . What are you all gona be doing ? 
It makes me sad when people are content to just complain . No understanding , no focus on the good , no empathy for others , no drive to change what they can in the situation or at least their attitude ~ what kind of way is that to live ?? 
Not to complain or anything , lol , but it bugs me that our AP English teachers couldn't give us a more original summer assignment than a book report !!!!! That is about as generic and un - creative as it gets . Blehh . So I will try and make it creative ... maybe make it into a poem or something hah 
Is finally letting go of that fear to get close to others . I look around at school , at youth group , and see so many faces , but have not started truly seeing them till now ... and I want them to see my face too . The masks are peeling away . God is good . <3 
Ugh this ap homework is hanging over my head like a black cloud that never goes away !!! >.< 
Stoked for link crew tonite =D 
The veil between summer and autumn has been tearing apart at the seams for some time . Think I'll get me a blankie and some cookies and cocoa . <3 
Just got back from link crew a litle while ago . It started out really awkward , confusing , etc , but it did get better , a lot better . Got to chill with some freshmen . Got to know some of my own peers better who I wouldn't normally have crossed paths with , because we all worked together . I wish I reached out to people a little more than I did but , at least I put in a good effort . All in all a successful day . ~ 
" All you need is love , all you need is love , love , love is all you need ! " 
This song is playing on my radio right now ... thought I'd share the love with everyone =D <3 
Not sure whether to feel happy or sad that summer is ending ! I will miss being able to do whatever , whenever , a LOT ... but at the same time , I love new beginnings <3 
I'm really glad to have such caring teachers . :) They give good friend/dating advice , and help break through self doubt , explain the same thing over and over till I get it ... they are like a second family sort of . 
Tailgate party was amazing . Chris was right about how we need to get actively involved in our community . 
I think it would be good to have some concrete goals for this , not just saying something vague like ' to serve the community , ' but ' reach out to one person at school today and ask how they are doing ' or something . Starting small is okay ! 
I want those mushrooms from alice and wonderland !!! and i want to talk to a caterpillar . yippee kay yay =] 
gOoD mOrNiNg PeOpLe 
To everyone who reads this : You are a valuable human being . You are unique and special , with many gifts and talents . So many times adults have preached , ' treat others as you want to be treated , ' and that is so true ... but do you treat you how you want to be treated ? Treat yourself as you would your close friend . You deserve nothing less . <3 
If today was yesterday , would today be tomorow , yesterday or today ? 
chocolate-peanut butter milkshake , yes please ! what's your fave milkshakes guys ? 
Is excited for the first weekend <3 
Excited for youth group to start next week =] =] 
Up early for Link Crew , feeling tired and antisocial right about now ... but , I did tell God I was ready to go out of the comfort zone this year , and He sure gave me what I asked for !!! =) 
I choose to look at tomorow not as the death of fun and freedom , but the birth of a new beginning . Sacrificing some fun for the next nine months will lead to freedom in the future anyway . Who's with me ? <3 
An awkward comment to break an awkward silence = yeahhh .... >.> it's the new theory of relativity !!!! 
I'm so excited for mix it up day tomorow . :) Time to broaden those horizons and meet some new people . I'm a little nervous too , though , because I'm not sure what to say to someone I've not really talked to before , and if they'll think I'm weird and stuff , silly as this all sounds it's how I feel !! anyone else excited/nervous ? What do you think of mix it up day ? 
El numero 31 : Since middle school you have always said hi to me in the halls , and smiled , and even though it's such a small thing that has made my day these past 3 years =D You are down to earth and easy to talk to . I hope to talk to you more - in all this time I've known you , I have gotten to know you so little , and this realization makes me sad . 
They say true friends can go long periods of time without speaking & 
never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they 
just spoke yesterday regardless of how long it has been or how far away 
they live . They don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy , 
... but you think about them and will always love them . Re-post if you have 
at least one of these friends . ? ? 
would you rewrite your homework if you sneezed on it ? jw :p 
Hey everyone maybe I'm just a bonehead lol but can someone please tell me how to find my scheduele ?? 
not sure whether to go to alaska and raise baby penguins , or to a tropical island and raise baby dolphins ... hmmm .... 
Today has been a day of dirt and death and rain . I just buried my dog outside with my dad a little while ago ... he died around two this morning . Not even twelve hours ago his heart was still beating . It's so weird . Along with his death comes the death of another month and another season . R.I.P , Loki . And to everyone who has cared enought to read this , here's to new beginnings . <3 
wheww .... it has been a long but fulfilling day :] 
finally . a chance to kick back and relax 
Is becoming a zombastinator ( zombie procrastinator ) =( 
Is embarking on a journey of amateur journalism =D 
Lol I really messed up my sense of time today ; I fell asleep after school , and woke up around seven thirty , and started rushing around the house to get ready for school quick so I wouldn't miss the bus , only to realize later it was 7:30 in the evening , not morning !! 
my two kittens are hugging each other in their sleep ! sooo cute =] 
ick . science , math , and cleaning ... ' tis indeed a long weekend ahead =/ 
" You make me smile like the sun , fall outta bed 
Sing like a bird , 
Dizzy in my head 
Spin like a record , 
Crazy on a Sunday night 
You make me dance like fool , 
Forget how to breathe 
Shine like gold , 
Buzz like a bee 
Just the thought of you can drive me wild 
Oh , you make me smile " 
<3 :) <3 :) looovvee this song ! 
Had lots of fun at the football game tonight ! <3 
it's so cold it makes my skin burn . like fire and ice . i am chocolate ice cream on the outside with hot chocolate running through these veins . the heat , the cold , the sweetness , the memories , all swirled together with marshmalllows .... 
you guys have fun at your halloween parties ! i'm going to watch jekyl and hide with my dad ... yup that's my halloween party =] 
got to be an angel in a nativity play today =) my arms hurt from holding them up to be wings but it was worth it hahaha <3 
in for a looooongg night of ap bio and trig .... i'm just glad tomorow is friday . :] 
Is having a BLAST writing and listening to music . ahhhh ~ <3 :) 
Might get a writing job on sparknotes . =D I'm so excited . A little nervous that they might reject me , too , but the internet is a big place - there will be other opportunities . <3 
Yayy Christmas :) <3 less than a month away . 
" Blessed is the man 
who does not walk in the counsel of the wicked 
or stand in the way of sinners 
or sit in the seat of mockers . " 
~ This is from Psalm 1 , and whether you believe in God or not it is a good lesson to be aware of the influence other people have on you . 
" God created man in his own image . " Genesis 1:21 Remember you were created as a unique and special person . I pray for everyone to rejoice in this , not to focus on their flaws or on others ' . <3 
" Promise me that you'll give faith a fighting chance 
And when you get the choice to sit it out or dance 
Dance 
I hope you dance " 
... I love this song so much <3 
wrote a love poem :) <3 tonight was a night for a love poem . 
I had sooo much fun talking to different people around school for the newspaper and writing their stories ... I've finally figured out some of my main passions in life now . Writing and , ironically , talking with others , despite this shyness . Can't wait to see how the paper looks next week when Mr. Ganahl's done with it =D 
October is cancer month . In memory of every cancer patient , family member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer it , put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste , I did . I hope you do too 
I wish I had a pogo stick , I'm really in the mood to hop on a pogo stick right now . It would be so epic to take it to school and jump down the hall on it =D 
I love my dad :) 
had fun working in the nursery today :) puppet show , goldfish crackers , london bridge . yepp life is good 
It was sub city at school today ! Where did all the teachers go ??? and it seemed like about a third of the kids were gone . Perhaps they got beamed up into an alien spaceship ... >:-] 
I forgot there wasn't school tomorow ' cuz we had a snow day on Friday .... good thing Amy reminded me so I didn't go out and wait for the bus in the morning hahah 
Thanks to all veterans who put everything at risk to protect us . So many people they don't even know ... that takes amazing courage and compassion . 
The Miracle Worker was so amazing . It made me think of what the world would be like without light , without sound , without language . Those are definately things to be thankful for <3 
What kind of change do you want to see in the world ? it can be anything . thanks for your input <3 
I think there must be a better way to ' raise awareness ' for a cause on fb , then to post bra colors like for the cancer one or these cartoon pics for child abuse . Now , time to do some research on more effective ways to use facebook for social justice ... 
ugh trying to do ap bio hw was so frustrating !! i would look at the questions and read , and then : " oh crap what was the question ?! " and reread it . then when i would go to answer the question : " oh crap what did i just read ??! " and reread again . -__- lol 
suicide by math . mathicide . need coffee . 
saw her crush by himself at his locker today - he stopped and looked - she walks on like an idiot ! darn it -___- 
I am thankful for kind words and gentle touches , warm food and a soft bed . I am equally thankful for the times people , or life in general , has been rough or unkind to me , for the times I have dealt with hunger and cold ... yes , without that other side there wouldn't be gratitude , just as there wouln't be moonlight without the sun . 
Sometimes I feel like no one ever listens to me !! But , as a believer that people generally get back what they give out , I had to look within myself and ... found I may not be as good a listener as I thought . :/ Definately something to work on . 
sigh ... i can't find my cellphone , so i grabbed the housephone to call it . then i set the house phone down and now i can't find it ! ahhh !! 
El numero 18 : Haha I still remember you as being little and bouncy and soooo full of energy !!! It has been 3 or 4 years since I've seen you but , for some reason , it doesn't feel like it . It's like we picked up right where we left off . I still have the Bible you gave me , and the mug . Those things meant a lot , and our friendship means a lot , even after all this time . =) 
I love how on the way home it felt like I was floating through a ghost town =D 
Rainbows on the ground ! 
What's on my mind ? Just love . :) Nothing more , nothing less 
Come away from where you're hiding 
Set aside the lies that you've been living 
May this place of rest in the fold of your journey 
Bind you to hope 
We will never walk alone 
~ In the Shelte , by Jars of Clay ... beautiful song ... :) <3 
" Come away 
From where you're hiding 
Set aside the lies 
That you've been living " 
- In the Shelter , by Jars of Clay ... beautiful song =) 
" I'll be your dream I'll be your wish I'll be your fantasy Be your hope be your love Be everything that you need " 
~ Truly Madly Deeply <3 this song !!! 
woah that was freaky , it looked like my bedroom door shut itself but when I went closer I could see whodunnit : the cat :P 
met two babies on the bus today , and a man who told me stories about his family on the way downtown ... who changed my life ... =) I love days like this . 
Need prayer for my parents right now , they are both very sick . Thank you 
The girl you just called fat ? She has been starving herself & and lost 30lbs . The boy you just called stupid ? He has a learning disability and studies 4 hours a night . The girl you called ugly ? She spends hours putting on makeup hoping people will like her . The boy you just tripped ? He is abused enough at home . There is a lot more to people than you think . Put this as your status and stop the bullying . 
writing a story =] 
one of the best quotes !!! :) <3 
" People are illogical , unreasonable and self centered . Love them anyway . " ~ Kent M . Keith 
sooo my parents scared me half to death swerving towards me and honking super loud on the highway when i was walking to borders today ! thanks mom and dad love you guys toooo ...!!!!!! 
making sphagetti for breakfast ! 
the weather really matches my mood . it's so quiet and peaceful , and i can hear the cars whooshing by outside . but i'd rather get away from the cars actually and go walk in the woods for a while ... 
can't wait for spring break , and the writer's festival at eastern , and salsa dancing , and .. wow there is soo much to look forward to it's driving me crazy in a good way but the most important thing now is to enjoy the moment for what it is =D 
hey people what are some good singers/bands you know of ? i want to check out some new music =] 
i heard this ' mew ! mew ! mew!' when i was eating lunch and ran out to see a baby kitten crawling around on the floor . now it is sleeping on a blankie i set out and its mother has calmed down . and i can relax now 
" No one can make you feel inferior without your consent . " 
~ Eleanor Roosevelt 
trying to think of a good song to sing for talent show auditions .... 
... debating whether to tell my parents i dropped the last of the german chocolate cake on the floor by accident ... ohhh crap >.< 
i'm kinda sad spring break is almost over it is really starting to get good !! :/ 
the baby kittens are so small ... i can fit one in the palm of my hand . i'm in love ^_^ 
got through the 1st chapter of the story i'm writing , working on the second now ... still got quite a ways to go .. idk how authors do this so it's ' fake it till you make it ' for me . :] 
Mrs. Thompson ( about our practice ap exam ) " This will be one step below Chinese water torutre . " =D 
A 15 year old gir holds her 1 year old son ; people call her a slut . But no one knew she was raped at 13 . Make fun of someone for being fat , but you don't know that person has a serious medical condition that causes her to be fat . Call the old guy ugly , but you don't know he got a serious face injury after serving the country or saving a life . Repost this if you're against bullying and stereotyping 
today was such an easy day , i LOVED it ! we dressed paper dolls in spanish , talked all through english and poked bugs around in science ! how was your day ( to anyone reading this ) ? 
the kittens have started walking !!! and their eye have opened a little . 
good morning and happy easter to everyone :) 
going to olympia , bellingham , and seattle with a.v.i.d this week . i am looking forward to getting away for a little while and visiting the campuses there . 
it is kind of a pain to walk home in the rain , but there is something romatnically sad about it i like , in a way ... and my mom just ordered a nice hot pizza so it's not so bad :) how is your day going people ? 
Well , I feel more like my old self again after being out of town for a while . =) 
ohhh it freaks me out so much when a car on the highway goes by blasting music , because then it starts pulsing inside me like an extra heartbeat ... * shudder 
tonight is a read in bed night . =] 
Ok , so I am really looking forward to being healthy again and having energy again , and being able to breathe easily again . After this week , I will sure not be taking those things for granted anymore ! 
got a spinny chair !!! whooo :) 
so I finally started the independent study , for AP Studio Art - the drawing & painting one . score ! 
I am sooo hopeless in the kitchen >.< 
" Sweet sorrow is the gold tomorow " line in a song by Jewel . so pretty 
I love those days when we go outside during class . And just talk and enjoy the sunshine . 
who here likes to write ? 
My best friend Bob Barringer is , I quote , " A loony stalker ... who likes to wear black and flaunt his sexy librarian phhysique " 
hahahahaha ;P 
got a job today , and wrote a short story . today has been very productive =] 
Talked to a really , reallly hot guy at Target today - but the best part is , my hair was a mess and I had pizza sauce and dog hair on my pants XD such is life ...... 
