is worried i might be becoming a full-blown facebooker . ugh . 
is starting my second job today and puppy sitting my very favourite Gizmo ! 
gets paid today woot ! 
crosswords are hard !! grrr 
wishes people would STOP SENDING ME APP INVITES !!! they're a waste of my time 
: eric's wai t-t ill-the-day-before-i-have-to-move-ou t-t o-find-a-place-to-live style makes me laugh . now that he's found one . LOL 
iiiiiis absolutely exhausted . i think my brain shut off about 11 hours ago and still hasn't come back on . 
might be getting off campus !!! the freedom is so close i can taste it .... yet so far .... * sigh * 
is streaming NPR at work =) 
is fantasizing and looking at eco-friendly real estate in the south of france & spain * sigh * 
just wandered around in pioneer park with the doggy & let her sniff things =) hooray for DGP 
had a great time in Montana =) 
wants my eric , a cozy couch , some clapton jams , and a veggie burger - NOW ! poo on working , who needs money anyways ? 
waaaaants to be off work uuuuugh 
stupid facebook won't let me edit stuff GRRR don't make me come over there and show you who's boss facebook ! 
- listening to Ravi Shankar at work and wishing I were somewhere else .... 
- " if ignorance is bliss , why aren't more people happy ? " 
is about ready to switch schools . this bullshit is NOT worth 30,000 grand a year . 
Was she told when she was young that pain Would lead to pleasure ? Did she understand it when they said That a man must break his back to earn His day of leisure ? Will she still believe it when he's dead ? 
anybody need a roommate in CP ? i'm asking for Eric =) 
is going to fall asleep to the BBC =) 
" Every blade of grass has its angel that bends over it and whispers ' Grow , grow ' " 
' s conscience has triumphed over my taste buds : i'm ( re)going vegetarian ! 
mmmmmmmmmate !!! 
does not want to be at work this morning . blah , i'm quitting life . i'm on permanent vacation until further notice . 
" don't compare your life to others . you have no idea what their journey is all about . " -the bathroom stall 
EEERRRRGG stupid back . i want a replacement . and two new hips and shoulders while i'm at it . plaaaaastic ! 
can't even keep my head above water . fuck my life . 
needs to stop running into things - my legs are turning into one giant bruise . boo . 
mmm relaxing to some Miles Davis =) 
found a home for the puppy with property , cats , horses , sheep , and other Lab/Pit dogs to play with !!! 
sliced my leg wide open . oh the perils of vanity . 
so , what happens when you're bored at work and you even get bored of facebooking ? aletha's head meets the wall pt . 2 
when the junk did it start getting COLD ?! 
pull up your pandora . click " create a station " . add Eric Clapton , Derek and the Dominoes , and BB King and you will get an endless stream of good jams . =D 
has an awesome boyfriend who knows me better than to bring me flowers that will die , but ones i can plant in the ground ! 
mmm Joe Satriani guitar jam and mate to warm me up ! when did it start getting COLD in mornings ? 
YaY Mountainview Apartment !!! ' Bout bloody time I got out of the dorm . 8 years is about 5 too long . 
TGIF everyone ! happy weekend ! 
loves me some eric clapton blues + happy pills =) 
can't wait for school to start !!! 
slept through both my alarms this morning =( must've needed the sleep . eric's apartment is CLEAN ! ( more or less ) i attacked that thing with lysol & clorox wipes . 
is ready for a good thunderstorm . a shake-your-bones kind of Argentina thunderstorm !! 
" As long as you live , be happy ; do not grieve at all . Life's span is short ; time exacts the final reckoning " . -Epitaph of Seikilos 
why does my water bottle smell like fish ? disturbing . 
can't waaaaaait for infected mushroom tonight !!!!!!!!!!! 
is mastering the kitchen =) 
is working on my crossword skills =) 
going to have an apartment next year =D 
why are the blues called the blues ? they just make me my feet dance ! 
" I want to live where soul meets body , and let the sun wrap its warm arms around me .... " 
had a great time backpacking . ugh SORE ! and eric is forcing me to go to Taekwondo with him tonight oh the pain and suffering .... 
Everybody's gettin down in this town - YAY weekend !!!! 
got up at 3 am for " take your girlfriend to work day " and watched eric make obscene amounts of donuts . now i need to read .......... allllll ..... day ....... 
has a Mountain View apartment ! =D 
can't WAIT for " Ike Sees Dead People .... Celebrities " Southpark premier !!!!! 
just made the best salad EVER : grilled veggie chicken , green leafys , sweet onion , purple cabbage , orange pepper , oil & vinegar + dried soynuts , dried cranberries , and a sprinkle of feta cheese mmmm !! 
apparently , it costs to be a highlighter and margin-writer . at least when i forget that i'm renting my books and not buying them . oops . 
it's too early for bronchitis season !! *grumble grumble grumble * 
dental hygiene school ? what ? 
has to read half a book before 4:30 ACK i need sleeeeeeeeep ! 
anyone need a male roomate in CP ? Eric is looking for a place in the 300-400/mo price range . 
loves me some blues =) 
" The earth provides enough to satisfy every man's needs , but not every man's greed . " -Ghandi 
is contemplating sneaky sneaking my way out of chapel for coffee and the new southpark eeee !!!!!!!! 
" i get by with a little help from my friends " =) 
is so freaking annoyed with T/F questions . 
poor boyfriend =( i gave him my flu . he's not a very c o-o perative patient though 
cannot even focus right now . er . on the bright side i made a killer yogurt/fruit smoothie =] 
" pardon me , while i burst into flames ... " -incubus 
needs to get out of this office before i lose my mind ! 
" The future of music may not lie entirely with music itself , but ratherin the way it makes itself a part with - in the way it encourages and extends rather than limits , the aspirations and ideals of the people - the finer things that humanity does and dreams of . " -Charles Ives 
would really , really like this day to be over . 
yes ! sleep ! 
Dr. Beegle's colloquiem today was fantastic . Poverty is the #1 cause of MANY social problems . 13 million children go to bed hungry in the US . It is NOT a condition that has to be accepted . There ARE enough resources in the world if we distributed them properly & if you think that means communism then screw you . You need to try seeing things in color and not just black and white . 
is cleaning house and jamming to Sonny Rhodes =) 
so FREAKING annoyed that i'm at work right now . been up since 4 am and all i want to do is crawl in my bed right now . 
" Black then white are all i see in my infancy . Red and yellow then came to be , reaching out to me . Lets me see . As below , so above and beyond , I imagine Drawn beyond the lines of reason . Push the envelope . Watch it bend . " -Maynard Keenan 
just got delicious coffee from an awesome friend ! =) 
anyone have literature on elder care ? ACK !!! 
FINISHED my literature review with 7 minutes to spare !! sweet mother of god that was stressful . 
" purple haze , all in my brain .... " 
is reasearching the contributing factors to families ' decision making about elder-care ! Now I just have to find hundreds of families to interview ..... 
SO MUCH READING !!!!!!!!! i'm drowning in black and white print UGH . 
can smell the spinach artichoke dip in my oven mmmm =) i freaking love not living in the dorm ! 
has run out of things to do to distract myself from reading .... poo . 
" good day sunshine " i have an impossible amount of reading to do without losing sleep . and then some . at least my brain is finally stimulated again . my body says FML . hoo-ray for adderall . 
can barely run pandora & facebook at the same time on this computer . ugh . and as I type it takes about 10 seconds for the words to show up ... hey ! i'm pretty good at this blind typing thing ! 
holiday alert : EVERYONE ! make haste and scurry on down to Wal Mart ( yes , I am endorsing the capitalist beast , don't hate me ) because they have holiday coffee flavors for $7 !! Mmmmm PEPPERMINT , pumpkin , gingerbread ...... 
1 John 3:16 -18 ( NIV ) " This is how we know what love is : Jesus Christ laid down his life for us . And we ought to lay down our lives for our brothers . If anyone has material possessions and sees his brother in need but has no pity on him , how can the love of God be in him ? Dear children , let us not love with words or tongue but with actions and in truth " . This is why I think ' Christian-Republican ' is an oxymoron . 
cheeeken ? cooow ? chicken and cow framed dolphin & whale ?! 
a little annoyed that i skipped out on pumpkin cake and STILL got sick ! 
WHY is it so COLD ? 
went running this morning and feels GRREAT ! 
apparently i should have studied all of break ? really ? 
just had a midnight snack of left-over applie pie AND outsmarted the crappiest virus-infected PC in history ! hah . my life is complete . 
WHY am i studying all weekend ? so . much . reading ....... 
infected mushroom is epic for pilates !! 
more revising and studying - oh GOODY ! " oh the weather outside is frightful .... " 
LOOOOVES me some cheesy Christmas music !! How does Christmas turn me into such a sap ?! Pandora station = " Bing Crosby ( Holiday ) + The Andrews Sisters ( Holiday ) + Ella Fitzgerald ( Holiday ) + Dean Martin ( Holiday ) " 
so bitter about studying right now . argh , i guess it is expected . 
Once again , studying on a Saturday night . BLAH . 
5 x-rays , one blood draw , one bottle of flexeril , and one MASSAGE prescription later , Aletha is HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY !! and eric found his phone , so the cake has icing ! 
needs me some eric lovin ' waaaaaaa .... 
so ... close ... to freedom ! 
freaking doctor can't just write me a prescription for massage so that my insurance will cover it ? God , it's not like I'm asking for Vicodin . 
just drove like a pro on the freezing rain , all the way down to the massage therapist , WHICH it turns out , isn't the right freaking place , at least not the place I called and set up the appointment with : @ !!!!!!! i was so looking forward to that ... 
is chillin ' out to some Simon & Garfunkel =) 
misses boyfriend , and her comfy bed & laptop . mostly boyfriend . on the upside I have four week-old little malto-poo puppies ! 
so . freaking . tired , sore , and relieved . 
did some awesome antique & second-hand store shopping today =) the yellow curry from Sugar Thai was better than thanksgiving & christmas dinners combined ! 
catching up on Season 6 of So You Think You Can Dance !!! i freaking love this show . 
freaking loves Victor Borge - he's just ridiculously funny . Danish pride woot ! 
i'm starting to see the light at the end ! 
So trying to avoid the 4:15 munchies . Wait what ? I'm still up ? This NEVER happens . I'm usually waking up in an hr . or two after a good 6-9 . Damn you So You Think You Can Dance . THIS is the only downside to collecting whole seasons of things at once .... 
" The human race is the most stupid & unfair kind of race . A lot of runners don't even get decent sneakers or clean drinking water . Some are born with a massive head start , every possible help along the way & STILL the referees seem to be on their side . Its not surprising a lot of ppl have given up competing & gone to sit in the grandstand , eat junk & shout abuse . WHAT THE HUMAN RACE NEEDS IS A LOT MORE STREAKERS ! " 
the puppies have names : Mianna ( Mia ) , Maximillian ( Max ) , Murphy , and Miles =D 
was whizzing past all the silly Seattle-ites on I90 who don't know how to drive in the snow , until my car suddenly STOPPED WORKING and i had to sit on the shoulder and wait for my parents to come rescue me . * sigh * oh well , I guess pride cometh before a fall .... i'm just grateful at this point I didn't get stranded on the pass .... 
hah . rush limbaugh in the hospital for heart attack . sad . but now we only need michael moore , rosie o'donnell and glenn beck to follow suit and nearly all the loud-math/chubby celebrities will be on vacay ! yes , i'm a terrible person get over it . 
hates cheesy jingles . 
is in the mood for a GSP fight ! 
finally got in an Alden Thompson class ! i think i may have found a kindred spirit , well ... at least we tested the same on Myers-Briggs ( that's a scary thought , considering that my initial reaction to him was negative ) . i'm hoping someone who appears so rational and logical will be able to give me some clearer answers than " that's where faith steps in " 
just made an egg mcmuffin and hashbrowns with curry , tumeric , and black pepper at work . mmm i love the conference room =) 
" There is a pleasure in the pathless woods , there is a rapture on the lonely shore ; There is society , where none intrudes ; By the deep sea , and music in its roar ; I love not man the less , but Nature more ... " -Lord Byron 
holy crap psychotherapy is INTENSE ! so it turns out we're all a little crazy , might as well accept it and move on lol 
loves the random junk that pops on my shuffled-up iTunes . go me . 
aaaahhh day of rest and catching up on all the things i never get to do during the week ! 
you have every right to believe whatever the fuck you want : that homos are mentally ill or that athiests are going to burn . but you do NOT have the right , EVER , to have the govt . endorse your faith . We are not a Christian nation - the ONLY time the constitution mentions religion is the 1st amendment : " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion , or prohibiting the free exercise thereof " . 
my body loves me right now for actually getting my ass out of bed and going running in the rain ! mmm my lungs are so happy ! bloc party inspires me to romanticism , but suliman blows my mind 8D 
loves flexeril . finally , no pain ! 
just BOMBED a test harcore . unless i got really lucky with my guessing . crap ! note to self : study for religion tests even if you think it'll be easy .... 
found a home for the puppy with property , cats , horses , sheep , and other Lab/Pit dogs to play with !!! yes , i'm free !!! but i'm gonna miss that little dog .... mixed feelings =( oh well . i will get a CAT and it will be SO much more awesome ! 
so ...... much .... homework !!!! 
really really wants to stencil/spraypaint her walls . don't think the housing people would appreciate it though .... 
got the flu ( or food poisoning ) and was not a happy camper . if i'd had a shotgun i would have gone after all the pigs in the world right then and there . no more pork for anyone , ever . 
" If we concentrate and pull resources to the highest poll , To beat the highest pull , too . Ever will we conquer grief and find it faster to resolve the dead , to be absolved and fed , to restore . If the advantageous reprimand misgivings , We wont grow . We will not ever know . We will not ! Lift my life in healthy places ! " - Sufjan 
no new Family Guy or American Dad ?!? WTF ? 
is groovin at home alone ( boo ) to some bob marley ( yay ) while eric works & attempting to fix the vacuum cleaner belt on her own ( still not sure ? ) . still drowning in homework and feeling a little guilty about that .... but it's a bloody holiday and i'll do what i waaaaaant . sorry if there are a lot of people i need to get back to .... it's a bit mad around here until spring break . FML 
just got over a weekend and STILL not caught up . gaaaah ! when will the reading end ?!? 
made an amazing baked tofu marinade of fresh ginger , loads of garlic , rice wine vinegar , soy sauce , and crushed red pepper with veggies ( grilled on my awesome GEORGE FOREMAN ) over rice ! heck yes =D 
anyone going to UCA this weekend from Walla Walla ? my lil ' brudder is a senior this year ! 8-O what is going on ?! 
will be so happy to go to bed tonight =/ i bloody hate this all-nighter ridiculousness , but it seems necessary all too often these days .... it's 4:10 am and I'm puckering up for some grapefruit and then BUSTING OUT the philosophy . hopefully i'll have time to reward my muscles with a good , hot soak before work .... 
bored as .... 
" let me enlighten you , this is the way i pray " ( not referring to facebook , just FYI ) 
layers and layers and FOUNTAINS of music !! * sigh * i love me some explosions in the sky - this is gonna get me through the morning .... 
" [ Therapeutic ] change occurs when one becomes what he is , not when he tries to become what he is not " -Bessier , 1970 
" I don't get worn down " . -BHO 
FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE !!!!! well .... kind of ..... 
" Man has the ability to love , not just his own species , but life in all its shapes & forms . This empathy with the inter-knit web of life is the highest spiritual expression I know of . " -Loren Eiseley 
weird dreams involving cats , mansions with granite sinks , relatives , Argentina , and Star Wars-esque battles scenes with transforming road cones lol 
really wants to go to the world expo in china ! i'm getting the travel itch again , going to have to scratch it soon ..... 
i heart skype . left my phone in MT , needed eric to pick up some groceries , added $10 to my account and wa-lah ! 
anyone in the Walla Walla area have a grandparent and/or great-aunt/uncle etc . who has needed long-term care either in their home or in a nursing home/assisted living facility ? i'm looking for children ( or grandchildren ) who might be willing to do a brief interview with me about how their family's experience with this has been and how they made these difficult decisions . It will help me with my research greatly ! 
mmmmm ensalada ! you just can't beat Andy's when it comes to produce . 
" Who can live without it , I ask in all honesty 

What would life be ? 
Without a song or a dance what are we ? 
So I say thank you for the music . " -ABBA 
" There is nothing that wastes the body like worry , and one who has any faith in God should be ashamed to worry about anything whatsoever” -Mahatma Ghandi 
old people are so cute =) 
really needs to get out of this country . gaaaaaah restless traveler syndrome !!! 
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone !! wish i could reply to you all ( so many people i haven't heard from in so long ! ) but my books are making me feel really guilty right now .... they're staring at me from the coffee table ..... 
American Dad is my comfort food . 
new favourite drink at Starbucks , compliments of my mother . Hang tight , because this is complicate : Shaken Green Tea , no water , light ice , and add a bit of mango puree . Delightful to the taste buds and full of ECGC ! ( Plus it won't dehydrate you quite as badly as coffee) ! 
must make it to TIESTO ! 
it's a bittersweet symphony this life .... 
word of the day : Demonym ( what a person from a certain country/nationality is referred to as ) I love it when I learn useful things at work . 
really hopes poor boyfriend doesn't have appendicitis =( 
" I can see a lot of life in you , I can see a lot of bright in you ... " Sufjan 
oh the lethargy .... * bleh * 
" To find your way in the fog , follow the tracks of the oxcart ahead of you . " - Chinese Proverb . With American culture , government , and economics being copied all over the world , why hasn't anyone else copied our healthcare system ? 
WHY am i still awake right now ? oh right .... the 50 millions books i need to read .... Anyone ever had problems not receiving notifications of people's comments/reply's ?! Facebook is really starting to make me angry .... Maybe I'll have to get sucked into the digital world and fight it ! 
go WWU protestors !! Policy can't always come from the bottom up , or the top down , there HAS to be an appropriate forum for meeting in the middle . 
i think chopin and i were on the same wavelength in another life lol 
in the midst of insomnia , i think i've finally found my purpose ! like socrates used to say , i'm becoming who I am =) 
so not feeling motivated enough .... study party anyone ? 
song I just found in the Music Dept entitled Laughing Gas : " Where's Joe ? Idon't know , what do you want with Joe ? I want Joe to hoe the corn atearly morn ... Joe had a fit , a fit of laughing , ha ha ha ha ha ha .... Howdid he get the fit of laughing ? ha ha ha ha ha By taking laughing gas ,... ah yes . " LOL WTF ? I really don't think Dr. Scott is going to go for this ... 
" Don't think about all those things you fear , just be glad to be here " -FC Kahuna 
" Every gun that is made , every warship launched , every rocket fired , signifies , in the final sense , a theft from those who hunger and are not fed , those who are cold and not clothed . " -Dwight D . Eisenhower 
loves that i'm finally watching a movie that I haven't gotten around to seeing in a year , doing laundry and drinking tea =) Aaaahhh the glories of no school ! 
" If you want some quality friends , you have to wade through all the dicks . " - eric cartman 
whoever thinks they know how to run my life better than I do , thanks . Thanks a lot for being more concerned with how upset I would be with you or what I would think of you than what is actually in my best interests . Very Christian and very Ethical of you to not speak directly to me FIRST . 
tired of picking up other people's litter . how hard is it to throw your own shit away anyways ? tired of breathing pollution . & seeing dead animals on the road . tired of injustice . & being stressed about money all the time . tired of my brain that decided it needed to be anxious & ADD . tired of my lazy cardiovascular system . tired of being in pain . tired of mean & selfish people . 
so my mother tells me that i woke her up last night , giggling and laughing like a crazy person .... wish i could remember what was so damn funny .... 
so now no scientists that aren't affiliated with BP or the govt . can't access public waters to study & take samples ?! and if they do they have to sign a waiver saying they'll turn all their results over ? that's the biggest load of BS i've heard all week . 
Harry Freaking Potter , woot woot ! just gotta survive the next 24 hours first 8D 
MUSE is seriously a great way to get pumped up at just about ANY time of day or night =) unless of course , you're already depressed in which case you should prob . just not pay attention to some of the more melancholy lyrics .... 
" Society cannot heal until we each can heal on the individual level . Conversely , we cannot as individuals heal , until we have a societal system that supports ( legally , religiously , and financially ) the healing of individual minds and souls . " -Aletha 
superceded my own superstition today - yay me ! 
too many bloody earthquakes these days & it's freaking me out ! i hope our techtonic plates don't get TOO out of hand .... especially near mt . rainer EEEK ! 
It's a sad day in America when a senior citizen , working par t-t ime and caregiving for her spouse WITH a private insurance supplement to Medicare STILL can't get dental coverage except for emergency procedures . Shame on us . 
injustice/embarrassment can lead to anger which leads to depression . anger is depression turned inside out . be careful what you say to/do to your kids . being a parent is a BIG responsibility , and if you're not prepared for it , don't do it ! too many stupid people in the world already . 
" Keep Calm and Carry On . " -1939 British propaganda , still true today . 
goodbye facebook ! at least for the next 12 hrs . or so , I've had waaaay to much of you this week ! 
YAY wal mart no longer sells fish ! best decision they've ever made when it comes to getting more of MY business ! no more poor , tortured , diseased fish dying constantly in walmart puts my mind at ease =) ALSO , 89.1 ( NWPR ) plays amazing jazz all though the night on Friday's , apparently . 
" Unnatural Causes " . It's a documentary about health and some of the not-so-secret " secrets " to living well and long . Go look it up , seriously . 
nothing like a little baroque to calm the nerves ! 
... Privately divided by a world so undecided and there's no where to go .... the more i see the less i know , the more i like to let it go , hey oh ... " -Chili Peppers 
carrots + ranch + post-rock " chillout " makes religiously fanatical Bioethics more tolerable 
has a beautiful red and blue betta and he likes his bowl ! 
aaaahhh , " Echoes " sucked me into the world of Chillout !!!! it's great study music , great bath music , great gardening music * sigh * so peaceful =) 
" Only those who avoid love can avoid grief . The point is to learn from grief and remain vulnerable to love . " -Worden 
Debbie Davies & Robin Rogers rocked the blues last night at the Marcus Whitman ! who knew a woman could play guitar like that ? i'm inspired to pick mine up again .... Now if only i had leisure time ... 
" No me acuerdo lo que paso . Ni me di cuenta ni que me pico . Todo da vueltas como un carrusel . Locura recurre todita mi piel " -Infected Mushroom 
got to walk the doggie this morning and enjoy the sunshine with some bob marley in my convertable =) now this is going to be a PRODUCTIVE homework night ! which means .... chau facebook ! 
Word origin , Shindig : " On the American Frontier ( 1676 ) , the partying sometimes grew strenuous . During the course of the nineteenth century , we came up with an appropriate name for it : shindig . The word may well have come from shindy , meaning " a row or commotion , " known since the 1830s . To cut shindies was " to make a ruckus . " 
definitely forgot how much i LOVE sufjan stevens . he's a bloody genius . thanks Olivia Luce for jogging my memory ! Tiffany Thiel , this will always remind me of our room freshman year though ! 
sleeping in shifts is workin ' out for me ! i'm being uber productive , feel just as rested , and am able to keep poor little sick fish-bowl warm ! 
i . heart . squirrels . 
just made a BOMB , vegan potato salad !! mmmm ... so proud of myself , first try and my own concoction ! 
loves loading the dishwasher ! it's like a fun puzzle , trying to fit as much as possible in , without making stuff rattle ! 
ANYONE WANT TO GO TO THE ETIQUETTE DINNER TONIGHT AT 5:30 ?! I HAVE TWO TICKETS BUT AM NOT ABLE TO ATTEND . FOUR-COURSE MEAL , shows you how to hold a glass and shake hands at company dinners , etc . Great opportunity for a free dinner on me ! 
" When it is genuine , when it is born of the need to speak , NO ONE can stop the human voice . When denied a mouth , it speaks with the hands or the eys , or the pores , or anything at all . Because every single one of us has something to say to the others , something that deserves to be celebrated or forgiven by others . " -Eduardo Galeano 
loves music in other languages i can't understand - it's so much easier to zone out too ! great for study or meditation =) 
turns out that baked tofu is really good in egg mcmuffins . mmm .... with bbq 
yay , new month = 40 more hours on Pandora and DX dollas !!! 
aw , thanks everyone !!! classes are done for the day , now i just get to work all afternoon , oh joy . i will folllow your lovely advice though , and try to get my studying done during work so that i can PLAY tonight ! =D 
whenever i hear jazz piano , i feel like mr. rogers should be coming on ! lol 
good issue of the collegian today guys !! yes , i actually read almost the entire thing * gasp * 
" Find happiness within yourself . Then share yourelf with others . " - Yogi tea bag 
" moss mountian town " by " The Album Leaf " MMMMMM !!! 
on an impulse decided to try popping the ' ole nose stud back in and wa-la ! it's like an exciting new piercing all over again , just minus the pain ! 
hah . so the personality test says that i would be good at journalism , psychology , sociology , and massage therapy . Glad my career has been affirmed , since i'm planning on doing all of these things on some level !!! 
going to be a good piano concert on Sunday at 5:00 for those who are interested ! Come out and support the Music Department ! 
FIRST SNOW !!!!!!! 
has a book about the brain , lurking in the back of mine .... ugh , if only i had more time . and organizational skills . 
i heart ibuprofen . reduces inflammation & increases comfort =) mmm .... 
uhmmm .... yeah mom , the fridge was gross =/ 
I got my own office !! 
" If music got to free your mind 
Just let it go cause you never know , you never know 
If your rhythm ever falls out of time 
You can bring it to me and I will make it alright 
And if your soul is let go 
Oh you never know , no you never know 
And if your heart is beating free 
For the very first time it'll be alright " 
The Black Crowes 
my brain and body hates me . i no longer care about my grades . end of story . 
i hate being behiiiiiiiiiiiiind !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
sooooo much to do in the next 24 hrs ! 
" Show love with no remorse and , 
Climb on to your seahorse and , 
This ride is right on course , 
This is the way ... " - Chili Peppers 
Anyone driving up to Spangle this weekend for grad ? 
my cat just ate healthy , seedy bread , but wasn't a fan of the swiss cheese . now she's cleaning out my butternut squash soup bowl . weirdo . 
OMG went to walmart tonight to get medicine for roommate's fish and got stuck behind a line of " young adults " who couldn't even wait to get through the line to pop their cans . so many people desperate for a buzz .... Why do we target the SUBSTANCES as the problems when the REAL issues that should be addressed are the things that DRIVE people to the substance in the first place ? GAH . 
bah . hiccups . no me gusta . 
study study study , and then play tonight ! no , not play , going to watch others play , or act ? why do we call it a play anyways if no one's playing ? english is weird . 
loving the Scottish music on NPR ! 
the " hopey changey stuff " is working out great for me ! Eric and Bri both able to get insured in Jan . along with millions of others . Thanks Mr. President . 
just called apple and threw a fit that i have a two-year old charger that has fallen apart , literally , wires exposed and everything , and is NOT worth the 80 bucks to replace . sometimes it pays to be mean =) 
had a terrible dream that someone discovered i was short a few highschool credits and had to go back to UCA . more of a nightmare really lol 
my teabag tells me " To be healthy : eat right , walk right , and talk to yourself right " . so true , and always good to have reminders ! 
so close to finishing ! might even get to take some latin , just for fun ! Yay for being DONE with school . for now . 
I bet WWU wishes they'd planted more native-species trees NOW ! hah . sucka's . i just feel badly for the trees =( 
sick cycle carousel 
well FML . why are sunday nights always so depressing ? 
my Bose headphones are the best investment I've ever made !! SAVE YOUR HEARING because music is life ! Say no to earbuds and say yes to looking like a grandma by wearing earplugs at concerts ! 
soooo tired .... i hate mondays * insert grumpy face here * . didn't even do anything terribly exciting to make the tired-ness worth it =[ 
walked in heels yesterday from 2nd street in Walla Walla and almost to the end of Poplar in College Place before Megan DeJaegher picked me up near Myra . It went by surprisingly fast and it was a nice little walk until I felt/looked at my ankle today and it feels bruised ... sprained ... something not normal . Plus my car is STILL not running and I'm getting a cold * insert angry face here * And I'm done bitching .... for now . 
" All the things I could do , If I had a little money , It's a rich man's world ... " oh ABBA , you pretty much hit the nail on the head 
only two more papers and one more take-home final left * whew * !!! i kicked ass this quarter , and had better see some good results ! 
attempted making my first salmon sushi today ! it's not pretty , but my mouth can't tell the difference =D 
first A in !! now cross my fingers and hope my four other teachers are as generous =) i want in the fah-reaking honor society already this year ! 
loved the chili peppers , Jack Johnson , Sublime , and esp . the Mr. Marley jams on front campus today !! we need more of such activity on campus =) 
why oh why do i still have a final ?! 
microsoft access is the most useless software ever . die access . die . = @ 
one paper down , four to go , oh joy ! 
went on a walk all by myself woot woot ! i'm definitely refreshed , ' cept my hip is hurting now and my headache is sticking around . DARN YOU BODY !!! 
procrastination won't make your problems go away , they just get bigger . tired of flaky friends and babysitting . 
“What a strange creature man is that he fouls his own nest . ” 
— Richard M . Nixon 
Okay everyone : if you believe that special interests should have to DISCLOSE who they are & what they stand for when they pour money into the political system , write to your senators and tell them to vote YES on the Disclose Act . This bill is VITAL to keep even one shred of hope alive that our government will not be completely corrupted with money ! This is especially important if you live in a red district !!! 
" Fear leads to anger . Anger leads to hate . Hate leads to suffering . " I can't believe I'd never watched star wars before ! bahahaha 
needs a job that will actually give me more than 12 bloody hrs . a week !!! gah . so overwhelmed i just want to curl up in a ball and sleep . but even then i wake up with a sore jaw so apparently i'm even angry in my sleep . 
oooooh wasabi ! oh it burns so good ! * whew * 
who in WW has NOT seen inception yet ? i'm thinking it's a good idea sometime this weekend .... 
good jazz band concert tonight guys , bravo ! looking forward to Sam Derting's Junior Recital on Friday ! so glad I can still enjoy a good concert once in awhile even if I can't be more involved =) 
" Turn the ship around , Leia knows where Luke is . Turn it upside down , 
Take it back to Bespin ! " * repeat * aaaand .... again . ugh , I need a different song in my head . 
" You've heard of the golden rule , haven't you ? Whoever 
has the gold makes the rules . " -Jafar from Aladdin ( Unfortunately , I'm pretty sure this is how our society runs ) 
pretty sure the kitty peed on my quilt this morning just plainly out of spite . she's been going in her box just fine until I tried dunking her in the sink this morning ! 
congratulations to Noel Jabagat and Aric Vyhmeister for a great recital tonight ! 
who knew Latin would teach me so many English words I didn't know existed ?! 
glad i didn't get shot last night at wal mart when all the meth addicts decided to come out and get in a brawl . LOVE the townies =) 
so c-c-c-COLD in the music dept ! whyyyy must i wear sweaters to work in the summer ? gah ! 
beastie is getting way too good at sneaking out the door - must get her ovaries out asap ! 
" The sorrow which has no vent in tears may make other organs weep . " - Henry Maudsley This is so much truer than modern medicine or psychology realizes . 
* sigh * i knew she was too good to be true . Natalie Portman , you have finally disappointed me lol how could you lower yourself to a romantic comedy with ashton kutcher ? ew ! 
is THOROUGHLY going to enjoy dr. emmerson destroying a few , certain people this quarter in essentials of critical reasoning =) 
Soñé que regresó a la Argentina para aprender español en serio ! Estoy inspirada , y un poco triste que desperdició una oportunidad " una vez en la vida " .... y tuve que usar mi diccionario para la palabra " desperdiciar " = ( 
kittens are NOT welcome in my clean dishwasher ! = @ 
i so love that my boss failed to mention that she was giving me half as many hours as last summer until the week i START . lovely . now i get to find a second job in the middle of the summer when all the jobs are already taken , oh joy ! 
6 freaking years driving and my first accident tonight , gah ! couldn't have been worse timing as I was on my way to do all the errands i haven't had time for all week ! >.< On the bright side , no ticket , and it still starts fine ! God , i'm just hoping it's not totalled .... 
pretty much hates my life right now . tired of being broke and tired and sore and joints popping in and out . i'm too young for this shit . 
speakers broken ( 2nd pair on five years ) , vacuum pooped out ( i have four now and NONE of them work properly ) , and i'm pretty sure the fan above my stove isn't doing so hot these days , because anytime anyone cooks the house gets smokey . i even cleaned out the vents not so long ago . don't they make anything that will FREAKING LAST these days ?!?! 
it's take your kitty to work day !! 
" In due time 
We'll finally see 
There's barely time 
For us to breathe . " -The Postal Service 
definitely forgot i had this GIANT Argentina thermos , Yay ! 6 cups of coffee are going to get me through this afternoon =) 
Facebook just launched Facebook Places . Anyone can find out where you are when you are logged in - creepy ! It gives the actual address & map location of where you are as you use Facebook . Make sure your kids ( or anyone else who doesn't want to get stalked ) knows . TO UNDO : go to " Account " , " Account Settings " , " Notifications " , then scroll down to " Places " and uncheck the 2 boxes . 
" Don't let the darkness eat you up . " -Jose Gonzalez 
mmm leftover coffee the next morning + ice + soymilk + stevia = love in a glass 
ROAD TRIIIIIIIIP !!!!!!!!! 
[ no facebook for a week folks ! ] 
to grandmother's house i go ! little to no internet for a few days .... 
a little late , but FYI : my phone got left in Montana and is currently being mailed by the parents . sorry to anyone who's tried to get ahold of me this week 
" and the world spins madly on ... " 
wishes someone would create a page i could " like " for the bangkok cafe , i'm just too lazy ... mm ... just thinking about it makes my mouth water ! best . yellow . curry . ever . 
excited for breakfast-for-lunch with eric & kitty =) it would have been breakfast-for-breakfast if i could've dragged myself out of bed this morning =P 
" Pity me that the heart is slow to learn , What the swift mind beholds at every turn . " -Edna St. Vincent Millay 
i don't wanna do latin an ' you can't make me ! poop . i'm going to read random trivia on wikipedia instead =) 
anyone and everyone who has ever found any material ( journal studies preferred but news articles can also be helpful ) regarding alternative , traditional , or complementary medicine , please send them to me - I would greatly appreciate the aid with my research !! 
never been to an MLK Jr. Day chapel that had less to do with Martin Luther King Jr. ... or civil rights .... or human rights .... or anything other than how important Adventism is lol Oh Walla Walla U , how amusing you can be =) 
??? ???? ??? ???? ???? ?? 
" Love is all around you . Peace comes from within . " -the tea 
so . much . sunburn . gah ! definitely underestimated the strength of the montana sun .... and the amount of whiteness i'd accumulated .... 
DearBrain : I understand 
that you are trying to protect me from unpleasant or socially 
unacceptable feelings residing in my subconscious by 
creating physical pain & health problems to distract me . While I 
appreciate the gesture , I would like you to please stop . 
really , REALLY hopes Kali doesn't have leukemia =( 
If I could do it again , I'd make more mistakes , I'd not be so scared of falling 
If I could do it again , I'd climb more trees , I'd pick more wild blackberries 
( Give me moments ) Just give me moments 
Not hours or days ( give me moments ) 
Just give me moments ( give me moments ) 
mmmm apple pie .... 
just made the best sandwich EVER ! 
WOW wow wow ! listening to NPR pays off so many times .... While I was making coffee this morning , I heard the delicious waves of " Caravan Palace " a Romany-Gipsy/electronica/swing band from Paris . Immediately turned off the radio & created a Pandora station . Check them out , they're amazing ! 
gah , so many loose ends to tie up before a week-long trip !! who knew my life could be this tied up in work and plants and pets and responsibilities already - this is just too adultish !! 
thoroughly enjoyed my toy story coloring book last night =) 
you know you've been watching too much Stargate when you almost reply to your boss's email " copy that " LOL i wonder if the sci fi channel has trouble keeping business , when most of the nerds who watch this crap know how to download .... 
" if you want to die , do that . but if you want to live get on with it ! " -lennon 
productive day ! too bad all days weren't like this ; then maybe i wouldn't have to stay up till all hours of the morning tomorrow =/ god , when is life ever going to slooooooow the junk dooooooown ..... 
one sign that you work in a bad neighborhood ? the used tampon in the alley behind your office window and the ghetto rap being blasted out some guy's car . 
BB King is 85 and with diabetes and he is STILL going strong ! Some people just don't quit ... Can't wait for him to come to Tri Cities ! 
I don't need you , worthless computer support guys !! I'll fix my own problems = @ 
whoever decided it would be a good idea to have HALF the candidates in my district running completely unopposed this election was an idiot . I really only get one option ? = @ Come one America ... it's bad enough that we only have two parties , but seriously ? No options at all ?! 
just baked 4 loaves of pumpkin bread and 3 pumpkin cakes and STILL had to freeze half my giant pumpkin ! 
some people should not even bother taking voice lessons . pretty sure i heard one of cindarella's stepsisters practicing upstairs while i was working tonight >.< 
can't live like this . i need a narcotics tree dammit ! 
is feeling rather lost and disoriented after finishing ockerman's research project + a 62 pg . research paper . i don't even want to do my dishes tonight , what is haaaaappening to me ?! 
and i thought spanish was hard ... in latin , you have to conjugate not only the verbs but the NOUNS and ADJECTIVES too , WTF ? what have i gotten myself into ... 
eric sewed kali a $4 leash instead of the $15 ones at Petco . my boyfriend is awesome =) and , apparently , also better at sewing .... 
" I would like to beg you , as well as I can , to have patience with everything unresolved in your heart and to try to love the questions themselves as if they were locked rooms or books written in a very foreign language . Don't search for the answers , which could not be given to you now , because you would not be able to live them . And the point is to live everything . 
anyone know how to adjust a rib ? i feel like i have one out of place =/ no bueno .... 
" Do not yearn after immortality , but exhaust the limits of the possible . " -Pindar 
bah , not ready for the daily grind again ..... 
I . HEART . RESEARCH . PAPERS . ( no sarcasm intended ) . Anyone else experiencing anxiety over not being able to keep on the latest research post-graduation ? Gah ! I mean , who can afford to subscribe to 50 different journals ?! No wonder my doctor doesn't know shit .... 
is getting to be a pro at this bike-commute thing ! 
well .... not quite , but at least my legs are starting to not feel like 
they're concrete when i get home anyways =) just in time for winter , wah-hoo 
a sign that it's Friday ? trying to wipe off old mascara out from under my eyes and realizing that it's a lack-of-sleep ring . 
LOVE it when i stay up till 12:30 specifically to finish a project and email it to my teacher that night and then realize the next day i sent the wrong document = @ apparently , old people aren't the only ones with technological difficulties .... please , please , please be merciful Dr. Ockerman ! 
sometimes forgets that there are seriously people out there willing to literally sell all their possessions and give to the poor . wow , what an example . 
I cannot imagine living in a jungle filled with land-mines in the middle of a civil war educating & feeding orphaned refugees and providing emergency medical care with little to no training or resources .... 
i freaking love Bonobo . and I love even more mooching off of Whitman for internet , ambient study space , and iTunes =) 
" If a man holding a belief which he was taught in childhood or persuaded of afterwards keeps down and pushes away any doubts which arise about it in his mind , purposely avoids reading of books and the company of men that call into question or discuss it , and regards as impious those question which cannot readily be answered w/out disturbing it - the life of that man is one long sin against mankind . " 
just perfected my banana bread and have a delicious smelling lentil soup in the crockpot . i am awesome . forgot how much i loved My Fair Lady . * sigh * i love break =) 
any photographers in the area that want a guinea pig ? i'm TERRIBLE at taking photos of myself , too self-conscious =( and i'm thinking about ditching the short hair soon so i need proof that it actually existed at one point for posterity ! 
walked out my front door this morning with mr. roger's " it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood ... " stuck in my head :) amazing what a little sunshine can do for you ! 
anyone heading from Walla Walla to Ellensburg and/or Seattle Thursday ? I , Eric and kitty can be ready by 2:30 / 3:00 pm and can pay for gas ! 
gah , it's too damn early - idk how eric does this crap everyday ! 
abandoning unhealthy salad dressing for vinaigrette - time to kick it Argentina-style again ! 
" Health requires this relaxation , this aimless life . This life in the present ... I keep outdoors for the sake of the mineral , vegetable and animal in me ... What are threescore years and ten hurriedly and coarsely lived to moments of divine leisure in which your life if coincident with the life of the universe ? We live too fast and coarsely , just as we eat too fast and do not know the true savor of our food . " -Thoreau 
curse you fasting bloodwork ! i want my *@#&$%@#) breakfast !! 
new phone for ten bucks - yay !! i love it when new and improved costs less than a new battery . the perks of a materialistic , throw-away-the-old one society =) going to try my hand at cooking cow tomorrow ; wish me luck ! 
thanks for the hellish week of no and/or rushed lunches , missing busses , and having to make up the hours of internship i've been missing later WWU week of prayer ! because it's ALWAYS a good idea to force religion on people - really makes them want to think deeply about the merits of your faith . 
" The harshest winter finds in us an invincible summer . " -Albert Camus 
okay thyroid : get with the program ! 
Jimmi Hendrix is a great study buddy =) 
you know you're a little hearing impaired when " jump , jive an ' ... " sounds an awful lot like " drunk drivin ' " 
Mr. Eds has the best veggie burger menu in town . sorry DX , you're amazing , and I can pay with my student acct ., but good lord .... my taste buds are still recovering 
slept through BOTH my alarms , how is that even possible . OF COURSE on the morning both my bosses are in before me , FML . 
contemplating planting some explosives in my @#$& ! @$ Volkswagon . German engineering my ass . Never .... never buy a VW .... If this thing wasn't free it would have a reckoning with the angry , stranded Aletha who's had to be towed every couple of months for the last two years > < 
eric's ruckus is fun - i got to drive it all by myself ! yay for fuel-efficient , zippy little mopeds ! 
after having to wear slacks and skirts for two entire quarters it's somewhat strange , restricting and yet glorious to be back in jeans again ... this will take some getting used to ! 
the magnolia in front of the FAC is about to bloom - oh glorious day ! 
spring cleaning here i come ! 
just dropped kali off at the vet to get fixed - i'm so nervous ! 
damn you enter now equals post FB !!! always have to go changing things on me .... 
just attacked my parent's dust . cobwebs behind picture frames ? who ever heard of such a thing .... AND i got a bedframe ( finally ) so all in all , a productive day ! 
mmm ... organic baby spinach , bright red bell pepper , shredded carrot , onion , a bit of shredded Parmesan , canned Costco chicken ( canned in water , not salt ) and the leftover sauce/vinaigrette from my canned artichokes = the best idea I've had for spending my mum's money in a WHILE =) hooray for Costco ! 
" God loves the world through you and me . The way we touch people , the way we talk to people , the way we treat each other ... " -Mother Theresa 
" If there is light in the soul , there will be beauty in the person . If there is beauty in the person , there will be harmony in the house . If there is harmony in the house , there will be order in the nation . If there is order in the nation , there will be peace in the world " . -Chinese proverb 
oh man , stargate , what a twist ! 
needs money . and a plan . the money might make the planning easier =) 
Anyone out there with connections who can get me into My Fair Lady on Sat ? My mum is coming down and we tried to reserve , but they're sold out already =( 509.929.4015 
Roommate Wanted !! I have a second-floor mountain view apartment and would like to stay if I can while I'm working on my MSW next year . 
YUM walla walla taco is winning ! 
is much too tired for this today . bleh . 
cinco de mayo = a great excuse for el sombrero 
why does the grass at WWU ALREADY look like it's dying ? it's been a wet spring and they've already sprayed hella chemicals on it , gah . 
wants it to be off work , making lasagna in my apartment -gah ! 
omg the panang curry - it burns so good ! oh god . must find a dairy product to soak my face in . 
" Don't cling to things , because everything is impermanent .... Detachment doesn't mean you don't let the experience penetrate you . On the contrary , you let it penetrate you fully . That's how you are able to leave it ... " 
Thank you Briana Guthrie for two of the best birthday presents EVER =D And thank you everyone for the birthday wishes - I love you all ! 
Dad : " The new neighbors hired a retarded man to mow the lawn and do yard work " . Mom : " You can't use that word ! It's developmentally delayed ! " Dad : " Why ? Isn't it permanent ? " 
whyyyyyyy must time pass so slowly sometimes and too quickly when you're having fun ? 
definitely not excited about going on my last testing run today for class . i can hardly sit , much less bend over or run right now =( 
feet tired . back sore . kali is back home , asleep =) 
aching for my friends who lost their beautiful little girl this week =( i didn't have the heart to post anything until after we found Kali , but Jared Hiscock and Damie - everyone in Walla Walla loves you and is hurting with you ! Hang in there . 
good lord , i am NEVER eating another pig , chicken or cow that is not grass fed and raised like a living creature ... Not a chunk of inanimate calories pumped full of hormones and antibiotics crammed into a dark , disease-infested warehouse and then soaked in ammonia and bleach . Watch Food Inc and you will never want fast food again . 
gaaaaah , i hate waiting for grades !!! so nerve-wracking >.< 
an hour lunch break is not enough time for both food and coffee . boo . i vote for an 
afternoon siesta break ! 
Onion World whhyyyyyyy are you never open at normal times ?!? i've lived in walla walla 5 years and STILL not managed to get my hands on one of your tasty hot dogs ! 
love that neither the doctor nor pharmacist bothered to tell me about any possible drug interactions or even ask what else i happen to be on before they wrote me my RX's today . the internet says there are 11 " significant potential interactions " i should " monitor closely " , but gives no specific instructions on things to look for . 
how is it possible that it's summer and i'm already this busy ? man , adulthood ... it never stops does it ?!? 
i don't need tv or radio or noise just to fill space . i don't need images or language or color to occupy my mind . i don't need business to numb pain and fear . i'm alive . i'm breathing and thinking and feeling and what greater gift could life give us than life itself ? why do we always look to the future for change or the past for comfort rather than make every moment of existence anything other than it is ? 
hungry enough i could eat a small mammal !!! there : is that carnivorous enough for ya'll on 4th of July weekend ? Come on breakfast ! ... probably vegetarian lol 
control is not necessary =) 
" we'll become ... silhouettes when our bodies finally go " -DCFC 
