Tia forgot what a broom is ... and she calls me blonde 
Whatever women do they must do twice as good as men to be thought half as good . Luckily , this is not difficult . 
Happy Birthday Wanya from me and everyone down here . Hope you've had a great day ! :) 
Always forgive your enemies ... Nothing annoys them more !!! XP 
i was doing my psychology work when my hand cramped up ( curse Ms Buller ) so i thought what a damn good excuse to go on facebook :D 
you know someones been in ur room when u sit dow at ur computer and get a sudden pain in ur toe ... so y would someone want to bring a needle and thread into my room ? 
Happy Birthday Daina , sorry i can't come tonight . but i hope u have a great 18th . :D 
If you notice this notice you will notice that this notice is not worth noticing . Thankyou for noticing this notice 
" My formula for success is rise early , work late , and strike oil . " Paul Getty . 
11 was a racehorse 22 was 1 2 11 1 1 race 22 1 1 2 
I envy those with regular sleeping patterns tonight 
i am already getting a headache from holiday homework ... i thought it would at least wait untill the holidays to pile up :( 
If you had 24 hours to live , what would you do ? 
" I pray you , what is he ? " " Why , he is the Prince's jester , a very dull fool ; only his gift is in devising impossible slanders . " 
If I could catch a rainbow 
I wanted a perfect ending , But i learnt , the hard way , that not all poems rhyme 
I HATE ERA'S 
Hard work never killed anyone ... but then why take risks 
I AM OFFICIALLY THE WORST FRIEND IN THE WHOLE WORLD 
women don't make fools of men ... most of them are the ' do-it-yourself ' types 
It's school holiday's so why do i still dread monday ...? 
Hates Little Shit Heads Who Think They Can Win An Arguement Against Her Let Alone An Actual Fight 
Thinking of you Hawee 
" LAW OF TELEPHONE : When you dail the wrong number you never get a busy tone . LAW OF TRAFFIC : If you change lanes , the one you were in will start moving faster . LAW OF ENCOUNTER : The probability of you meeting someone you know increases when you are with someone you don't want to be seen with . LAW OF LOGICAL ARGUMENT : Anything is possible if you don't know what your talking about " 
Don't go to bed angry ... Stay up all night plotting your revenge !!! 
Going to spend a week at Kylie Brown's house for a few days :) But that means no facebook :( 
HAWEE IS ALIVE !!! 
Time heals the heart but it doesn't cloud the mind 
Nearly up to date in Business , Then after that i only have to write four essays and get ready for the final round of my Psychology SAC . Not like they're asking for much ... 
#1 matchmaker ; 1 down 2 to go 
Home alone ... been so long since it's happened i've forgotten what it feels like ... 
I didn't steal the four pen . I'm not always evil and manipulative . I wish I had stolen it because then BEST FRIEND would have a reason to accuse me 
Going to bed ... dont wake me till the exams r over 
I don't want to be here ... :( 
" I just wanna scream and loose control , 
Life is so hard it hurts like hell , 
Forget about everything and 
Runaway " 
I find it funny how a simple conversation beginning with a ' Happy Birthday ' can turn into a full blown conversation about how evil me and my friends are . Almost as funny as how a convo about rain can turn into the beginnings of World War III 
will get Prerna to catch public transport again ... I don't know when exactly , but it will happen ! 
Don't worry , it'll dry , get over it :P 
Need's to sleep ... 
Click " Like " if I have ever made you smile ... Then put this as your status and see who you made smile :) 
" Confusion is the first step to enlightenment " Don't ask me what the second is , i'm still stuck on the first . 
There is no way to describe the level of exhaustion i am currently suffering ... :( 
There's no pleasing some people 
I'm not going to wag athletics tomorrow , i have a scheduled sick day 
Gives up 
Poor Antonia Tia Silic She thought it would be fun to act ... When she reads the rest of my script she's going to want to quit . ;D 
" I'm not drunk , I'm intoxicated " Poor girl didn't know the meaning of intoxicated ... XP 
helped her all friday night , helped her all saturday morning , kept her secret and this is the thanks i get 
I love Autumn :) It puts a smile on my face whenever i see a vibrant red leaf hanging off a tree 
I'm always there for you , but the moment you get a chance to return the favour , you turn your back ... 
" When I first saw you 
I was afraid to talk to you , 
When I first talked to you 
I was afraid to like you , 
When I first liked you 
I was afraid to love you , 

When I first loved you 
I was afraid to lose you " 
Now that I've lost you 
I wonder why i cared 
Me : " OMG Skittles !! " Dom's Boyfriend : " Who cares about skittle i just found 2 metres of liquorish !! " 
If all my friedns jumped off a bridge ... 
I wouldn't jump off with them , 
I'll be waiting to catch those idiots 
" Try to imagine a world where there was no war , no violence Well , this would be to imagine a world where humans were no longer human . " 
HELPPPP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! BAYLEIGH IS SINGING JUSTIN BEIBER SONGS !!!! 
Ten Things Tia Hates About Me : 
#6 Not doing work in class and getting TOP F ** MARKS ! 
WE WON TRIVIA NIGHT !!! I would just like to say a BIG FAT " TOLD YOU SO ! " to everyone out there who doubted me 
i have watched " 10 things i hate about you " and it is no way the best tv show in the world . Tayla Hamilton and Antonia Tia Silic are delusional for thinking so ... although they are right about Ethan Peck 
I'm not evil ... I'm good ... with a twist ;D 
