" sometimes words just aren't needed . " 
burned my skin with hot grease trying to make frenchfries . 
hit my head hard , might have a concussion . mom said she'd take me to doctor but i think she was being sarcastic 
* poke me * 
winterfest was cool 
goglogo.com 
Chocolate Chip Grandma Cookies , part of a well balanced breakast . 
now im feelin ' so fry'd like a cheesestick 
like a cheesestick like a cheesestick 
was in such a good mood , until i woke up for school . :( 
I have some algebra homework to do , so im here . 
like for like . 
learned my french teacher has died . =( 
watching ray william johnson while eating a ham sandwich . 
Commiting SUICIDE . Like if you would actually care if I died , Repost this and see who cares . 
my grandmother gave me $100 jus four being me . 
wen will it stop ? 
my little brother is being bullied by a one - armed boy .... smh . 
moving to new mexico -- yep , iz a done deal . 
going to the movies - ifi want snacks i should bring 20.00 , and whatever the ticket cost . 
i think rebecca black has a wonderful voice . 
EEEEEEEWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
:( 
im in my own little world . 
my facial expression rarely haz anything to do with wat im feeling on the inside . sorry . 
I'M turning off MY lights . 
cannot wait to move to New Mexico . 
i found a phone in the cafeteria and im keeping it ..... i deserve it . 
i hatee worms . 
i love weekends for i can turn my brain off . 
no , grandpa , you cannot cut my hair . 
ice ... cold ... SPRITE . 
i need to try that bacon sundae . 
at least i can wear a hat now ..... 
* poke me . * 
remember when this 5 year old said i looked like michael jackson in food lion . 
my grandmother is in the e.r. 
='( 
Hi . I'm not really Ima Minor , but strangers dont need to know my name . 
old man : hey , what's your first name ? 
me : Chance . 
old man : Lance ? 
me : Chance . 
old man : Chase ? 
old man : Champ ? 
me : no . Ch - ance . 
old man : Johansen ? 
me : NO , Chance . 
old man : OH , Chance . 
me : Yep . 
old man : That's a beautiful name . 
me : thanks ........ 
hungry & bored .. 
killer combination 
-____- i dislike bbysitting a great deal . 
in the 5th grade i had a substitute math teacher , but he didnt know math , so instead of math he told us about his childhood ( im guessing 50 years or so ago ) 
best math class ever ..... 
i stayed at my grandparents house this weekend . my grandpa wants to cut my hair and im like " NOOOooooooo ! " . 
my mom cut my afro ... at least an inch ! :( 
back to homework now . = ( 
nobody bother me , doing a project . 
BORED ON A SATURDAY NIGHT ... have no life . 
spent the day at the laundromat with my mother - exhilerhating . 
Like if you watch Man v Food on the travel channel . 
I'm hungry beyond all measurement . 
just drank a can o coca cola and now im ready to start the day . 
In virgina , less than a centimeter of snow = a snow day . BORED . 
Is it okay for me to facebook friend people i dont know very well , or talk to . 
yay its done ! and i still have a good 4 hours of sleeping !!!! =( 
its lying . i didnt see my stalker . it said i have to look in the mirror to find him . i do not approve anyone clicking on that link . 
