ENFJ's xD 
ja ñ quer saber do farmville e essas tretas ... por isso ñ mais farmville gifts please !! xD 
dhãaa ! 
if the Men had never invented the car , that car would never break in the traffic jam ! as simple as that ! 
" buggin you is easy cause ur buggable ... and everything I do is because I love to bug you ! " lalalalala 
I asked around and I heard that you were talking ... yehh tell me :) 
is bored ! 
O que é que é essencial na minha vida ? Resposta : Carina Fernandes sem duvida ! ? 
( tive que fazer o mesmo !!! ) 
cautch a stupid COLD and the weather is FANTASTIC ( a beautiful cloudy day ) 
Couldn't b HAPPIER !! :'( 
ohhh no .... it was already dark when i got home from clg ( 6:57 pm ) :'( 
Explica la isso melhor plaese :) ... A dormir !! 
' cause everybody knows that nobody really knows how to make it work or how to ease the hurt ' 
" Our doubts are traitors , and make us lose the good we oft might win , by fearing to attempt " 
ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh :O 
is uPseT ! 
I just hate not to hate you !!! " tinhafa of sertin it " 
Right now I'm having amnesia and deja vu at the same time . I think I've forgotten this before . 
when I saw d Sun in the Sky I said to my self " its gonna be a PERFECT day " ... 
took 2h to get 2 college cause te bus decided to break down ... 
My Chmst teacher thinks I dont like him cause .. never mind ... awkward moments during the whole day ... no more free txt ... no more free travel ... 
and the Best of al ... l My laptop just died :'( 
AHHHHH 
well ... im still a happy person ... im sure tommorow it's gonna be a good day xD 
college form 9am to 6pm ... after college , working till now :'( I " LOVE " monday !!! 
what a beautiful mess this is !! xD 
it seems like the " cartoon thing is back " 
is watchin BRAZIL :D ( the first " not boring " game in that world cup ) 
C'mon Brazil ... do ur thing , dont let us down !! =D 
" Quando Alcochete está em fiesta " 
ja com saudades do AcReg ( pelo menos trouxe uma constipaçao e escaldao :)) " i'VE Got A feeLinG , THat ThIS WeeK Is GoNnA B a gOOd wEEk ! " :D anciosa !! 
o q dizer ?? ... BacK to ReaLitY :'/ ADE singing in the plane : " everytime I say goodbye .. I die a little " !!! 
Thank YOU everybody ;) 
I guess that from now on its time to grow up :'( heh 
" En la distancia te puedo ver cuando tus fotos me siento a ver en las estrellas tus ojos ver Cuando tus fotos me siento a ver " 
em algumas horas , Adeus vista pro Tejo . 
" baggaging with pain " 
um até breve a todos com quem partilhei bons momentos , vou ter saudades vossas !! 
sao aqueles dias mesmo WOW !!!! Like Summer :D Adorei o dia de ontem com todos :DDDD 3 
coincidence ?? humm .... ( SiCk ) :'( 
New journey coming 
So mais umas horinhas e uns " diazinhos " para te ver sorrir again ! :D 
jogging 2mmorw morning hummm ?? xD 
back from Algarve ... ready for ACNAC =D 
Not that bad ... but waiting for more !! c'mon BRAZIL ! xD 
hide and seek :p 
officially vegetarian : week 1 ( let's see 4 how long ) :) 
" Don't be so open-minded your brain's gonna fall out . " --' 
you would die to know something ... but when you know it ... u wish had never discovered ... r u weird ? 
Is Idiot !! " lubite , ni lubite " :D /:'( 
" what´s on your mind ? " ... the confusion of a ball of wool :S 
BOY ... whY do u insist in keeping " your pants on the ground " NO ... showing your " underwear " is not cool ... indeed , it's even worse than C . Ronaldo on that Armani Advert ( arg ! o.O ) now ... could you please pull your pants !!! 
never thought that it could happen , but I actualy made my mum do her homework ! eheh 
:'( maeeeee ... o forno queimou o meu dedo outra vez ... briga com ele !!! :'( 
Pac Man avaliable on Google's homepage ... bye bye facebook xD 
" say what you mean , mean what you say , because those that matter dont mind , and those who mind dont matter ! " :) 
just heard a song that brought a forgoten memory :D 
Mico do dia : That look just killed my disguise ! solution for that ?? runnnnn xD 
" WALTER " is awesome XD 
IS NOT INSPIRED :s 
FELIZ SABADO everyone :D 
was just wondering that if we all knew whats is actually Christmas bout ... many things in this world would be different not only during Christmas time ... but all the time . 
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE XD 
" como se diz um CUBO RETANGULAR ? " :O marisa !! --' 
Well done Brazil !!!!!!! 
2mmorow all players r going to a sPa ... then on holydays to a paradisiacal island with their pockets full of money ... nice company ... while fans are sad ... doing stupid things ... some even cry . 
people , think ... leave all these bad feelings to them and lets enjoy life xD 
the " stalker " it's being stalked haha XD 
... the secret to growing old is to keep breathing :O 
Nothing better than a disastrous 4 - 0 for Argentina after that sad episode lived by us Brazilians =D 
this is fun !!! xD 
liçao aprendida : dont expect not to be ignored when u ignore :/ 
I love all the true friends that God gave me :) 
... time to do some work now XD 
* says " i dont care " ... but inside it ... :/ 
* sunny relaxing morning XD 
my ( ex ) bus buddy abandoned me !! :O ... ok ok ...! :P 
meu !... ESTA SOL!!!!!!!!!!let's celebrate ??!!? :D :D 
out of facebook for a while ... 
a long journey waits 4 me :) 
Jan . Exams report : maths c1 made smile of happiness ... maths is amazing Bio : miracle i finished this 100 page exam right on time but ... The great news ? Its done and bad news are only in march . Tow months to survive with hope and faith :) 
two more weeks xD arggg 
its fridayyyyy :D :D 
" hands up if you're awesome \o/\o/\o/\o/\o/\o/\o/\o/\o/\o/\o/\o/ " 
today I had the BEST hot chocolate EVER ... feito por um French Guy outside the tube station , que falava portugues com um accent muito bunitinho !! XD 
is sooo frustrating when we are misunderstood !! God Help me ! is it me ?!? 
back to Lx ... AcNac 2010 ( 10 dias que deixam sadades ! ) 
no more than 42 hours =D finally ! 
McD staff : Can I help you ? hummm NO ! --' 
" impossible " things can happen when u spend an afternoon ... ... Oxford St !!! xD 
melting in Lisbon :D / finally new new haircut :o 
" Choice : amazing dangerous freedom " 
where you invest your love ... u invest your life * 
Feels REVITALIZADA after today's Volleyball session :D :D 
has her skin slightly damaged by the sun 
:'( 
:') 
pausa para desabafo : um dia lido desses e eu aqui com os books na face ... 
" It is God who arms me with strength and makes my way perfect . " 
and the wait goes on :/ 
finally reconnected to the world :D 
Why does the facebook of some people looks different !! 
CANSADA e segunda feira ainda nem chegou ! :S 
is saying to herself : no facebook today ... no facebook today ... NOO FACEBOOK TODAYYYY !! 
* just came to share this thought * xD 
Ha coisas fantasticas , nao ha ?! XD 
alguem mais ta com vontade se assitir castelo RaTiBuM ?! XD 
I found out why elephants are afraid of mice ... it's because mice are actually bigger than an elephants !! 

:O yep ... it's not a joke ... it's true !! 

heheh 
mas q raio se passa .. derrrepente ... " 38 friends changed their profile pictures . " most of then look like cartoons now !!! whats goin on ?? alguem me diz ! 
someone told me once " the longer the wait , the better the prize will be ... so after waiting 4 agessss ( ok .. not ages ... about an hour ) ... f'course I was expecting something like a limo .. but my prize was just the normal Stinky , packed bus :'( 
coisas da vida :D 
feels Happy ... Tired ... Excited ... Ancious ... Nervous ... Sad ... Curious ... :D 
need the Sunshine !! " It's one of those time , when you know what to say but Should have said it a little more , but life gets in the way " 
argg .. can't decide the topic for my biology coursework :/ 
please dont snow tommorow please dont snow tommorow ... PLEASEEE 
had a great night guys ! we do need to repeat this so i can get better than Mehmet Altay in the ice ring :P 
shame on some girls like Ariane Bugalho and Ve Ve Rain and Ruth Loong that abandoned me ! u missed the best dinner u could have right Ali ' Spurs ' Bozkina ?! :P 
Kevin Wong is 18 xD uuuu 
tomorrow , i will ! xD 
Did anyone else see the RAINbOW today ??... I know it was a beautiful sunny day ... but I saw it :/ 
crazY drunk dudes from east london in the tube sitting next to you 
Solution : MIM NO ABLAR INGLES --' 
" you are not in the traffic ... you are the traffic " :O ! <3 
I HATE WINTER !!!!! ITS FREEZING !!! 
busy day :/ 
Dear winter ... have you concidered to take a break this year ?... You have beem working hard for so long , u should get some rest , relax ... wouldnt it be great to go Hawaii this Christmas Holiday ?? XD Summer is probb busy somewhere else but i beat Miss Spring wont mind to substitute you for a few weeks ;) 
and here we go again ... Snowing :) \ :S 
the days have gone gray :S ... the rain is here to stay ... :S but YOU are still here ... im still happy :D ... missing Alvalade * today especialmente :/ 
" When i saw you smilling ... yeh it made me smile " ( 8 ) 
Dont wanna go back ... Dont wanna go back ... Dont wanna go back ... Dont wanna go back ... Dont wanna go back ... Dont wanna go back ... Dont wanna go back ... Dont wanna go back to COLLEGE !!!! 
Matt or Rebeca ? XD I'll go for Matt ! 
is ready for a very busy week with restricted time for facebook ! :/ 
Cant look at my Biology book anymore !! :S :S 
* feel tired but relaxed after today's long Volleyball session xD 
* have anyone noticed how beautiful is the Moon tonight ?!?!... i feel like looking at it for the whole night lol :D 
* god is such a great artist xD 
My brain is confused !! ~~' 
if it wasnt this cold .... i would definitely go outside , lie on the grass and fall asleep staring at the moon ... é linda :D 
" If they squeeze olives to get olive oil , how do they get baby oil ? " --' !! 
back from the airport :'( 
we'r gonna miss u so much Paulo Victor Garcez ! 
i'll be looking foward for our next meeting ( in bahia maybe ) :D 
está cansada de sentir saudades !!! :'( 
oK SUN ... thats verrrry nice of you coming here to say hello to us but ... seriously ... could u please hurry up and come back from your holidays in the Southern Hemisphere coz its damn COLD round here !!! and my knees hurt ! :( 
HELLO SUNSHINE :D 
happy NEW YEAR for everyone XD 2011 better be great !!! 
some things are Immiscible just like oil and water ! 
i will ... sing in the rain if it rains ... i will laugh a lot ... i will be upset ... i wil ( have to)l revise a lotttttt ... i will ... will write an email with 500 lines to my best friend :D ... i will ... ... ... 
just had a great time in an internet Date with my best friend ! :D <3 
lição do dia : o que acontece qd engole a comida sem mastigar td ? 
o " negoço " fica preso , arranha tudo la por dentro e vc quase morre . uaser morrer é ficar vivo por isso tem que suportar a dor da garganta arranhada ! ainda mais qd decide comer a laranja mais ácida que existe no mundo :'( !!!!! 
peak times ! 
statistics work and malteasers and galaxy chocolat ( couldnt have better company this valentine's --' ) ;) 
cantar na OXford Street é uma optima terapia pra começar uma semana cheia de trabalhos pra fazer !!! 
Ohhhh a minha mamis comprou umas " pegas " novas so pra eu nao me queimar no forno de novo XD ... tao querida :) 
hj eu aprendi que tenho que a prender a : 
- comer com pauzinhos 
- fazer nó de gravata 
- aprender piadas de brasileiros ( so pra usar em self defence ) neh gente ! :P 
