well the snow was pretty but ... DAMN IS IT EVER GOING TO WARM UP ???? 
what the hell ... it seems like today is going 2 drag on 4ever ...... 
well dammi t man 4real whay da fuck is this world turning into ? 4real ? this is plum fuckn crazy !!! 
up and at'em waitn to c what the day brings ... 
dammit man why it have to rain so damn much that now i gotta wait for the creek 2 drain so ican leave da dam house !!! 
well ... its almost 5o clock ... i wonder what the nite is going to bring ? 
well hell ... life is GGGRRREEAATTT ... rite now .. my 3 precious angles are happy and healthy , my friends are AWESOME .. and life is looking up 4 me too !!! i can actually say ive been genuinely happy the past week and a half .. DAMMIT JOHN u better watch out you have aquired a " stalker " !!!! LOL 
dammit ... to hell ..... its not even 2 and its already been 1 hell ofva day !!! 
* IF YOUR NOT WASTED THE NIGHT IS * 
damn ... today has been kinda slow .. but yet pretty good after all .... baby i dont mean to on your nerves as much as i do SORRY .... 
" No body can go back and start a new beginning , but anyone can start today to make a new ending " 
And in the end it's not the years in your life that count , but the LIFE in your years . 
The hottest love has the coldest end . ~ Socrates 
Today I caught myself smiling for no reason ... then I realized I was thinking about you 
" A real friend walks in when the rest of the world is walking out " 
" Better an awkward morning than a boring night ! " 
Did I mention beauty is in the eye of the beholder ? ? €œYou don’t love a woman because she is beautiful , but she is beautiful because you love her ? € IS THIS TRUE ? 
Well .. Well ... u better watch what u ask 4 .. because i'm all about making ur wish cum true 4u !!!! 
Life is too precious to worry about stupid things . So have fun , get drunk , and fall in love . Say what you feel and do what you want to do . Regret nothing and don't let people who don't matter Bring You Down 
Happiness is the china shop ; Love is the bull 
“To love is to risk not being loved in return . To hope is to risk pain . To try is to risk failure , but risk must be taken because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing . ” 
Nobody said that it'd be easy they just promised it'd be worth it . 
Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile 
life isn't always easy , it's full of tough decisions and heartache , and things don't always work out the way we hoped . life just doesn't come with guarantees . and while it's true that sometimes , by avoiding taking a chance on people , we can avoid some heartache , we might also miss out on the best times of our life . don't be afraid to love . 
Some people come into our lives and quickly go . Others stay awhile , make footprints on our hearts and we are never , ever the same 
just sittin here listenin to john and marty play the guitar .. well ... its friday nite what will the nite bring ? 
When a man steals your wife , there is no better revenge than to let him keep her . 
And ever has it been known that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation . 
Hell Yeah !!! beach bound baby ... we FINALLY made it ... let the party bagin .... 
I'm not here right now 
" The only unnatural sex act is that which you cannot perform . " .... is that 100% true ya reckon' ? 
Love is fire . But whether it's gonna warm your heart or burn your house down you can never tell . 
" Getting married for sex is like buying a 747 for the free peanuts . " ( Jeff Foxworthy ) Love is the answer , but while you are waiting for the answer sex raises some pretty good questions 
promises mean everything but once there broken sorry means NOTHING 
I believe everything happens for a reason People change so you can learn to let go Things go wrong so you can learn to appreciate them when they're right You believe lies so that eventually you learn to trust no one but yourself And sometimes good things fall apart so that better things can fall together - Marilyn Monroe 
BITCHY ? Sorry I wasnt taught to say FUCK YOU politely ! 
It is better to be hated for what you are then to be loved for what you are not . 
The truth is everyone is going to hurt ou , you just to find the one worth suffering for .... -Bob Marley 
Lawyer : " Are you married ? " Witness : " No , I'm divorced . " Lawyer : " And what did your husband do before you divorced him ? " Witness : " A lot of things I didn't know about . " 
Life is about trusting our feelings and taking chances , losing and finding happiness , appreciating memories and learning from the past 
Well it's amazing how little ppl giv a shit these days .... you one they never cease to amaze me ..... 
You can spend minutes , hours , days , weeks , or even months over analyzing a situation , trying to put the pieces together , justifying what could've would've happened - or you can just leave the pieces on the floor and MOVE THE FUCK ON ! -Tupac 
according to a CNN poll , 21 percent of people think it's OK to break up by changing their Facebook relationship status . HAHAHAHAHAHA 
The past may hurt , but you can either run from it ... Or learn from it , the choice is up to you ........... IM NOT SURE WHAT IM DOING .... 
Not all scars show , not all wounds heal Sometimes you can't always see The pain someone feels 
" If I reach for your hand will you hold it ?? If I hold out my arms will you hug me ?? If I go for your lips will you kiss me ?? If I capture your heart will you love me ? " 
A person that never made a mistake never tried anything new ! 
" When I first saw you I was afraid to talk to you . When I first talked to you I was afraid to like you . When i first liked you i was afarid to love you . Now that I love you I m afraid to lose you " 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JENNY !!!!! 
Live your life without regret , don't be someone who they'll forget 
No one is normal , there are just a lot of weird people with things in common 
well ... i'm dying my hair spiced tea .... 
" And therefore fear not , let not thine heart be affrightened , but go thy way in and see beauty and the greatness of the building , as much as thineeyes be able to see ; and then shalt thou hear as much as thine ears may comprehend . " " For thou are blessed above many other and art called with the Highest and so are but few . " 
You talk it , we live it , you start it , we end it . Your fuckin ' right we did it . 
Love is friendship caught on fire . 
the begining of a new life has begun ... i hope 
look behind the mascaraand the shiny lipsticklook a little deeperand maybe you will seethat this girl you are lookingat really isn't me 
Sometimes you've got to get hurt in order to grow , Sometimes our visions seem clearer after our eyes are washed out with tearsHave a good cry , wash out your heartIf you keep it insideit'll tear you apart . Sometimes you lose , but you're going to winif you just hang in . 
We are born wet , naked , and hungry . Then things get worse 
Do not assume that he who seeks to comfort you now , lives untroubled among the simple and quiet words that sometimes do you good . His life may also have much sadness and difficulty , that remains far beyond yours . Were it otherwise , he would never have been able to find these words . 
“I TRIED MY BEST AND FAILED MISERABLY , THE LESSON I THINK I'VE FINALLY LEARNED ' NEVER TRY'!!!” 
“Most things break , including hearts . The lessons of life amount not to wisdom , but to scar tissue and callus . 
I don't care what you think of me , it couldn't be as half as bad as what i think of you * LOL * 
Sometimes I wish life was more like a multiple choice test instead of essay 
I was playing poker the other night ... with Tarot cards . I got a full house and 4 people died . 
we're home !!!! and the saga continues ...... 
It's hard to determine where to draw the linebetween being nice and not hurting people's feelings , and standing up for what you believe 
“If I leave here tomorrow , will you still remember me ? ” 
Our lives are shaped by the ones that love us and the ones that refuse to love us . 
Lifes a bitch because if it were a slut it would be easy 
well ... i have red hair and its actually cute to me !!!! thank god 
“I love you ; not only for what you are , but for what I am when I am with you . ” 
Police Scanner just reported a drunk naked idiot wearing snow boots , singing free bird , riding a lawn mower down the highway ! Where the F *** R U GOING ? 
Life is a quest and love a quarrel 
The world is a grindstone and life is your nose . 
what have i done ? its hard to learn to trust again when you have no reason to .............. 
It's the heart afraid of breaking that never learns to dance . It is the dream afraid of waking that never takes the chance . It is the one who won't be takenwho cannot seem to give . And the soul afraid of dyingthat never learns to live . 
Life is not so bad if you have plenty of luck , a good physique , and not too much imagination . ~ Christopher Isherwood 
“When I first saw you I was afraid to talk to you , When I first talked to you I was afraid to like you , When I first liked you I was afraid to love you , Now that I love you I m afraid to lose you ! ” 
As we struggle to make sense of things , life looks on in repose . 
“Only in the agony of parting do we look into the depths of love . " 
you know i hate it when people play these " mind games " ..... if u dont want me .... or u just want me GONE ......... or whatever else be an adult and say so ..... dont mind fck me !!! 
Very sadly , most of you probably won't 
copyand paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at 
leastan hour ? It's Special Education week , and this is in honor of all 
the kids who need a little extra help and understanding . And God bless 
our Special Education teachers for their patience and dedication on 
teachingthese students ! This is for those special teachers who teach our 
special kids 
" Love Kills Slowly . " 
“Sometimes you have to let go to see if there was anything worth holding on to . 
cherry street here i come ...... i think i've lost my fckn mind or i'm not to far from it !! 
What I really meant to say 

Is I'm sorry for the way I am 
I never meant to be so cold 
To you I'm sorry about all the lies 
Maybe in a different light 
You could see me stand on my own again 
Cause now i can see 
You were the antidote that got me by 
Something strong like a drug that got me high 
I know you feel alone , yeah , and no one else can figure you out 
But don't you ever turn away from the ones that help you down ? 
Well they'd love to save you . Don't you know they love to see you smile ? 
But these colors that you've shined are surely not your style 
“Promise me you’ll never forget me because if I thought you would I’d never leave . ” 
couch in the corner of our bedroom 
“Between men and women there is no friendship possible . There is passion , enmity , worship , love , but no friendship . ” ~ Oscar Wilde ?????????? 
" Cold " 
Looking back at me I see 
That I never really got it right 
I never stopped to think of you 
I'm always wrapped up in 
Things I cannot win 
You are the antidote that gets me by 
Something strong 
Like a drug that gets me high 
We take a risk when we open our heartsbecause the truth is , if we open our hearts , we will get hurt . You can’t open your heart and not have some hurt because you’re in a human experience . Even if it’s the love of your life and you have many wonderful , deepening , growing , powerful years together , it’s a human experienceand that person will pass over . Love takes courage . Be courageous . 
“We would often be sorry if our wishes were gratified . ” 
I never meant to be so cold 
I never really wanted you to see 
The screwed up side of me that I keep 
Locked inside of me so deep 
It always seems to get to me 
I never really wanted you to go 
So many things you should have known 
I guess for me theres just no hope 
" Art is not a study of positive reality , it is the seeking for ideal truth . ” 
Free me , leave me 
Watch me as I'm going down 
Free me , see me 
Look at me , I'm falling and I'm falling . 
It is not a habit , it is cool I feel alive I feel ... 
I have found the paradox that if I love until it hurts , then there is no hurt , but only more love 
If you have a brother who has made you laugh , punched you , stuck up for you , drove you crazy , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you fail , picked you back up , cheered you on , made you strong . Someone you can't do without . Copy and paste this to you status ... Love ya TJ 
Dec 16 , 2010Today you might have a lot of errands to run They'll be pleasant ones - shopping , visits to friends , going to the gym - but nonetheless you could have some difficulties getting them all out of the way . You might have to put some off until another day . It might be more important anyway for you to relax and enjoy what you're doing rather than cut it short in order to run off somewhere else . Take it easy ! 
" bad things happen . but always remember that the sun will still be 
shining tomorrow , there will always be BETTER DAYS , and that the wrong 
doings of PEOPLE & LIARS will be repaid with BAD karma . " 
asking for prayers for a FB friend's , friend's daughter . Please lift up Audrin King and her family in prayer today . Hertwo year old daughter was just diagnosed with stage 4 cancer . If yousee this post , even if you don't know her , God knows ... Please postthis to your profile for 1 hour and say a prayer for that littlegirl and give everyone you know the opportunity to do so .. Prayer is energy - Pray it forward 
Can you feel it crush you ? Does it seem to bring the worst in you out ? 
There's no running away from these things that hold you down 
Do they complicate you because they make you feel like this ? 
Of all the colors that you've shined this is surely not your best 
But you should know these colors that you're shining are ... 
Surely not the best colors that you shine 
A guy dies while making love to his wife . 
A few days later the undertaker calls her and says , “Your husband still has a hard-on , what shall I do with it ? ” 
The wife replies , “Cut it off and shove it up his arse ! ” 
The undertaker does as he is told . 
On the day of the funeral the wife visits her husband for the last time and sees a tear rolling down his face , so she whispers in his ear , “It fucking hurts doesn’t it ! ” 
* BEST FRIEND * is 10 letters BUT .... so is * LYING BITCH* !!!!! 
( If I had a world of my own everything will be nonsense ) 
( Nothing will be what it is because everything will be what it isn't ) 
( In contrary wise what it is it wouldn't be ) 
( And what it wouldn't be it would ) 
( You see ) 
False friends are like our shadow , 
keeping close to us while we walk 
in the * sunshine , * 
but leaving us when we cross into the * shade . * 
Theres a little truth behind every " just kidding " , a little curiosity behind every " just wondering " , a little knowledge behind every " I don't know " , and a little emotion behind every " I don't care " 
Don’t say you love me unless you really mean it , because I might do something crazy like believe it . 
" its a hard knock life ....... " 
" When SH ! T goes down and sides are taken .... you find out who was * REAL * and who was * FAKEN * ....... 
horoscope : Tuesday , May 11th , 2010 Even if you have done a good 
job of maintaining an even keel , the winds are picking up now and could 
fill your sails . Logical Mercury is turning direct today in your 8th 
House of Intimacy , which could tilt your passions toward or away from 
someone . Your emotions will be intense whichever way you go . Don't try 
to restrain yourself now ; share with conviction what's in your heart . 
momma always told me to teat everyone like i wanted to be treated ... so step up there's bout to be alot of ass smacking and hair pulling going on 
" BAD DECISIONS MAKE GREAT STORIES !!! " 
* If I fall along the way 
Pick me up and dust me off 
And if I get too tired to make it 
Be my breath so I can walk 
** If I need some other love 
Give me more than I can stand 
And when my smile gets old and faded 
Wait around I'll smile again * 
* You're breaking me in 
And this is how we will end 
With you and me bent * * 
* Can you help me I'm bent 
I'm so scared that I'll never 
Get put back together 
* 
She never mentions the word addictionin certain companyYes , she'll tell you she's an orphanafter you meet her family 
she paints her eyes as black as night nowshe pulls those shades down tightshe gives a smile when the pain comesthe pain gonna make everything alright 
well .. its Friday so whats going to transpire tonight ...? Its gonna have to get better than THIS or im gonna be conspiring ... believe me !!!! 
reboot 
thanx to all the concerned folks that bothered to asked where i was ... if you find me let me know PLEASE ! LOL 
*** Life is nothing but a competition to be the criminal rather than the victim 
I'm a huslta baby , I take chances everyday 
I'm a gambler baby , how can I win if I don't play 
I'm a hustla baby , you either hustlin them or they hustlin you 
I'm a gambler baby , I'm gon do what the old heads taught me 
Giving up doesn't always mean you are weak ; sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go . 
" I'm not psycho ... I just like psychotic things . " 
Someday everything will all make perfect sense . So for now .. laugh at the confusion , smile through the tears , and keep reminding yourself that everything happens for a reason 
" AINT THAT THE TRUTH ! " 
i'm not a meteorologist but , i do believe we might get a few " inches " tonight .. LOL 
I'm a FRUIT LOOP in a world full of cheerios ........ 
Want to know why I've been stressing ? Cuz I've been getting less of you - It's like everyone gets the best of you and I just get what's left of you . 
I'M NOT A SLUT , I HANG OUT WITH THE GUYS TO STAY AWAY FROM BITCHES LIKE U ...... NOW IF THAT AINT TRUE WHAT IS ? 
I FINALLY GOT IT ALL 2GETHER , BUT I FORGOT WHERE I PUT IT !!!!!! 
[ I][B ] [/] [/][I][B]An oil field hand is missing his family while providing a service that keeps you on the road and with many comforts of the modern age . In the minute it takes you to read this , oil field workers are working hard while sweating out a living for their families . It's " Oil Field Workers ' Appreciation Week . " [/] [/] : bravo : 
when life hands you lemons , just be glad it wasn't herpes . 
Homeless go without eating .... Elderly going without needed medicines ,,,, Mentally ill without treatment .... Troops without proper equipment .... Yet we donate millions to other countries before helping our own first .... 99% of people on facebook won't have the guts to ... repost ... this !!!!! Will you ? 
well today has started out just wonderful i have already busted my ass on this tile floor after i got outta the shower then all of a sudden the towel rack just falls off the wall !! * ugh * 
If your Facebook relationship status was painfully honest . : http://some.ly/ffMubh 
Ok I gotta do this one - - - Let's see how creative my facebook friends are . Leave me a 1 word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of your FIRST name ..... it can only be one word . Then copy and paste this to your wall , so I can leave a word about you . Don't just post a word and not copy , that's not fun ! 
There's plenty you can do to help fight AIDS aside from being less of a slut . : http://some.ly/dWp0Ny 
the belly button . . a place to leave your chewing gum on the way down ;) 
Every single oneof you are on my friend list , as aresult of a conscious decision . Iwanted you there ! I am not only glad to count you as friends , but alsofamily . Let's see who on my friendslist actually pays attention . Copy & paste this as your ... status . Thank you for being part of my crazy beautiful life .... 
headed to go see my babies i miss them sooooo much !!!! love you kaydynn & makayla !!! 
There are a number of mechanical devices which increase sexual arousal , particularly in women . Chief among these is the Mercedes-Benz 380SL . 
- Lynn Lavner 
Your lovescope for December 16 , 2010 

The current planetary alignment encourages you to break out of a rut that may have stopped you from expressing just how you feel . You are also held back by thoughts of fear and failure , and feel like retreating further into your shell . Now is the time to be bold . It is better to be courageous and rebuffed , than never to have tried at all . 
Daily Planet Overview 
OMG !!! I can't believe that my best friend .. ( who left and moved to ohio 5yrs ago ) ... just decided to get her a facebook account !! I have been searchin for you miss brittany nicole williams ... for 3 years now ! i love and miss your crazy ass !!! we gotta lot of catching up to do ... how's devin ? 
hey you yeah you !! you need to stay outa my business and grow up ! if i wanted him i'd have him !!! you see the MAN in that pic right there with that baby ? thats their daddy and they'll tell u that !! he loves them and takes up time with them unlike their sorry ass sperm donor !! 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same ... 
Well looks like my forecast for the 3 days isn't going to include to much walking .......... I'm going to get my tat finished .... or at least worked on ...... yeah THAT ONE !!!!! 
• *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? Put this on your status if you have the most beautiful DAUGHTERS in the world !? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? 
OMG !!! DOESN'T NE1 KNOW HOW TO MIND THEIR OWN BUSINESS NOW-A-DAYS ?????? I GUESS THEY NEED TO START TEACHING THAT AS A CORE CURRICULUM CLASS : STARTING IN KINDERGARTEN !!!!!!! 
Don't be dismayed at good-byes . A farewell is necessary before you can meet again . And meeting again , after moments or lifetimes , is certain for those who are friends . 
You teach best what you most need to learn . ? Illusions 
It's daughters week !!! If you have one daughther or more who makes your life interesting and fun , and are a bleesing in our life and make your life worth living , copy and paste this to your status . The world would not be the same without our beautiful girls ! I love you , MAKAYLA JADE AND NEVAEH !!! 
In the end , it's not going to matter how many breaths you took , but how many moments took your breath away 
