haha scratched my eye and now i cant see out of it ! i am such a fucken dumbass ! 
Life is so confusing !! =/ But its also too short to sweat the small stuff 
ne 1 know what i missed in school the couple of days ...? especially Physics and Calc . 
maybe if we all wish for a snow day , we will get one ! i doubt it though =( 
Bronco's 6-0 Who would have guessed ?!?! 
Who won teh football game ?!?! 
Song of the day -- Someone Somewhere by Jason Reeves 
If you've got a problem with me , say it to my face 
If only life was more self explanitory , it would make everything so much better =/ 
is sick of school !!!! =/ 
Its too bad you cant enjoy the good days w/out some rainy ones =/ 
today was a good day =) 
" I gotta feeling , that tonights gonna be a good night " 
I HATE being sick !! =/ 
Song of the day REPLAY by IYAZ 
finally got home from helping my dad move ! what a pain in the ass ! Not 2 meantion that i got pulled over for not using turn signals 
Why is it that every time life throws a curve ball at me , i am foolish enough to take a swing ? Especially since it always ends with me striking out =( 
OMG ! The week is almost over ! Its taken so long ! 
lol it sucks when u wake up not knowing what the hell happened last night and then gotta go to work =/ 
so i guess your farmville obsession finally ammounted 2 something larisa =) out of the what ? 8 million people who play it , u made farmer of the week ! gotta say , not the cure for cancer but its pretty high up there hahaha !!! 
life is good 
Song of the day --- Sound of the Sun by Arrivals & Departures 
Life is good =) 
Song of the day Corona and Lime by Shwayze 
" Always make your absence felt in such a way that somebody misses you , but dont let your absence be so long that somebody starts learning to live without you . " 
Quote of the Day -- " If you want your life to be a magnificent story , then begin by realizing that you are the author and everyday you have the opportunity to write a new page " 
Sitting up working on all the english work I put off for what seems like forever ! Why did I procrastinate so much ?!?! Now its all catching up and i am backed up against a wall =/ good thing I will be getting a few weeks off soon ! and then i get to start fresh to finish my senior year ! 
song of the day is Girls Do What They Want by The Maine 
damn ! i am exhausted ! and its only 8:45 =/ 
Snow ! And X-Mas is only a few days away ! lets hope for a white Christmas =) 
Aves Win 4-1 against Dallas Hell Yea !!! 
" Why torture yourself when life'll do it for you ? " 
finally time 2 get back 2 school ! never thought i would b happy 2 go back but i am sick of being stuck in my house 
Quote of the day : " Through our greatest adversities , comes our greatest successes " -- Marcus Auralius 
cant wate for the New Year ! 
Theres no way this snow is gonna go away , I am getting the white christmas i was asking for ! yes ! 
damn , this 2 weeks is gonna go by fast ! 
long day and even a longer night ! I'm just glad its all over ... for now “All of life is a journey which paths we take , what we look back on , and what we look forward to is up to us . We determine our destination , what kind of road we will take to get there , and how happy we are when we get there . ” 
Just got done watching The Hangover on National Hangover Day ! I love that movie ! definately one of if not the best movie of 2009 ! 
what a disaster ! Cant believe the Broncos lost !!! 
" My life has a superb cast but I can't figure out the plot . " 
I love how i start off school with a block gov class with Barron =/ I mean really , give me a break ! 
" Life is simple , its just not easy . " 
Christmas is over New Years has passed Now all i want Is Summer to get here fast ! This cold weather got old fast =/ 
" I hope life isn't a big joke , because I don't get it . " 
" I believe everything happens for a reason . People change so that you can learn to let them go . Things go wrong so that you appreciate them when they're right . You believe lies so you can eventually learn to trust no one but yourself and sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together . " 
Just Watched Rat Race ! Gotta love that movie ! 
" Life is like a coin . You can spend it any way you wish , but you only spend it once . " 
“We are so often caught up in our destination that we forget to appreciate the journey , especially the goodness of the people we meet on the way . Appreciation is a wonderful feeling , don't overlook it . ” 
" The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it . " 
" Any idiot can face a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out . " 
" To live remains an art which everyone must learn , and which no one can teach . " 
is happy the weekend is almost here 
The worst part about my dreams last night is that i woke up =/ 
“There is no better time than right now to be happy . Happiness is a journey , not a destination . So work like you don't need money . Love like you've never been hurt , and , Dance like no one's watching ... ” 
Experience is what you gain when you dont get what you want 
" Dream as if you'll live forever , live as if you'll die today " 
Talk about a great evening at Chuck E Cheese ! Hit 12 jackpots and won thousands of tickets for my little sister ! But the best of all was to see her great smile when she opened the gifts that my sister and I got her =) 
Y do the weekends always have 2 go by so fast =( 
day #3 w/o a cell phone ... This Blows !!! 
is pissed over his $320 speeding ticket =/ 
I am already so sick of school ! Good thing its almost over haha 
“If you wait to do everything until you're sure it's right , you'll probably never do much of anything . ” 
“For everything you have missed , you have gained something else , and for everything you gain , you lose something else . ” 
my damn car is outta comission ... again ! This sucks =( 
Its funny how sometimes life seems so complicated but in reality the choices needing to be made are so easy 
When the door of happiness closes , another opens . But often times we look so long at the closed door that we don't see the one which has been opened for us . 
“The most important things in life aren't things . ” 
" If you don't design your own life plan , chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan . And guess what they have planned for you ? Not much . " 
Todays school day was by far one of the longest and worst i have had in a long time ! 
W00T !!! Late start tomorrow ! Who else is psyched ! 
“The difference between school and life ? In school , you're taught a lesson and then given a test . In life , you're given a test that teaches you a lesson . ” 
" Courage is not the absence of fear , but simply moving on with dignity despite that fear . " 
" If you don't hurry up and let life know what you want , life will damned soon show you what you'll get . " 
Sometimes the hardest thing in life is to know which bridge to cross and which to burn 
Shudder Island was efn AMAZING !!! If you like a movie that u wont b able 2 figure out and will keep u guessing till the end , this is the movie 4 u ! 
Such an intense game ! I cant believe Canada beat us ! =( 
if only this break didnt go by so fast =/ its almost over already ! 
" If you want your life to be a magnificent story , then begin by realizing that you are the author and everyday you have the opportunity to write a new page . " 
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning , but anyone can start today and make a new ending . 
" Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile . " -- Albert Einstein 
Christmas may be one of my favorite holidays but i hate having to mingle with all the people at my house =/ i can barley even get the chance 2 relax ! 
Time 2 celebrate my little sisters 3rd B-DAY !!! 2 bad its snowing 
Damn , that homemade lasagna that i had 4 dinner was bomb ! Gotta love Christmas dinners 
" Give thanks for what you are now , and keep fighting for what you want to be tomorrow . " 
" If you want to live a happy life , tie it to a goal , not to people ... " 
Soooooo tired !! Just can't stay away from those damn doorbuster specials ! 
Damn , can't w8 till next weekend is here ! 
going off roading in my car = bad idea ! but it was still hella fun ! 
is happy today was a good day ! But i'm pissed the weather wasnt in the 70's like the news said it would be =/ 
Why does it not snow like this when we r in school ?!?! 
nothing like a nice drive on the interstate to clear my head 
Another boring Monday ! good thing i only have another 6 of them till i'm done with school ! 
Of corse the aves have 2 lose in overtime ... What a bad way 2 end 4-20 
Damn , school then work ... But after that , the fun can begin ! weekends start on thursdays now =) 
It is not how much we have , but how much we enjoy , that makes happiness . 
I miss her ! =( 
Happy Easter Everyone ! Hope u all have a wonderful day ! Now i gotta get ready 4 my epic monopoly game against the family haha 
All these sad posts about leaving ... Shouldnt we all b happy that we are starting new paths in our lives ? After all , sometimes good things fall appart so better things can fall together 
damn , time seems to move so slowly sometimes ! =/ 
If only I didnt have to work all weekend =/ this sucks ! 
Destiny is not a matter of chance , its a matter of choice 
“One day your life will flash before your eyes . Make sure its worth watching . ” 
Well idk about the rest of u but I sure had a gr8 spring break ! good thing i hung with the people who make me the happiest 
" In the game of life , it's a good idea to have a few early losses , which relieves you of the pressure of trying to maintain an undefeated season . " 
Damn this week flew by ! Gotta love it ! 
" I've learned never to be surprised if what must inevitably happen happens right now . " 
haha , people need 2 learn their limits b4 they come over 2 my place ! now i get 2 spend my whole late start cleaning up ... 
I just love having 2 clean the mud out of my car from having my windows rolled down last night ! And the best part is that i cleaned and washed it 2 days ago =/ 
nothing like totaling my car ... Fuck My Life !!! 
I love snow but hate cold weather ! especially on a late start !!! 
" When one door of happiness closes , another opens ; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has opened for us " 
Car tag+ monkey cages+ offroading = one hella fun night ! 
nothing like free pizza after a days work to put me in a great mood 
the aves need 2 score a damn goal !!! 
theres no better way 2 end a monday than getting held after class 7th hour =/ 
ugh ! if i cant keep a promis 2 myself , how the hell am i supposed 2 keep one that i make 2 others =/ 
Damn , all this college homework is killen me ! Just wanna chill with my friends on the weekends 
" Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant . " 
Ugh ! I hate when I cant get something off my mind ! 
So Much Homework ! Good thing there r only 14 days of school left ! and only 12 if u take out act's and senior scram 
I'm gonna live my life from day to night with no hesitation Make the best of every situation that I find myself placed in Deciding right from wrong , choosing my final destination Cause when it's said and done , it's just yourself that you are facing 
We are here to laugh at the odds and live our lives so well that Death will tremble to take us 
Jamba Juice beats seventh hour any day haha ! 
" Remember , if you’re headed in the wrong direction , God allows U-turns ! " 
" Lead the life that will make you kindly and friendly to everyone about you , and you will be surprised what a happy life you will lead . " 
“Before you embark on a journey of revenge , dig two graves . ” 
Wow , I really shot myself in the foot on this one =/ 
" Have a heart that never hardens , a temper that never tires , a touch that never hurts . " 
Whats the point in trusting when it only leads to sorrow ? 
FUCK THE POLICE FUCK THE POLICE FUCK !!! 
haha Resident Evil was pretty damn good in 3d ! 2 bad i cant stay up for much longer since i got called into work work 4 tomorrow =/ 
" Enjoy the little things in life , for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things " 
Spit your game , Talk your shit 
Been living in the clouds way too long ! Time for hard fall back to earth =/ 
Wow ... I don't know what I'm doing ne more ! I feel like I am spinning out of control and I can't see the end of the spiral ! 
I am ready for something new and exciting in my life ! 
Stress is building , aggervation is setting in , let's just hope I can retain some sanity today 
Fall break is only one day away ! I can barely even wait ! 
Nothings worse than going 2 college sick =/ 
Noooooooooo !!! 
Why is it that every time I look for something , I dont find it ! And every time I don't want it , it happens ? Sometimes life just confuses the hell outta me ! 
Is that reff blind ? score should b 3-2 USA 
I wonder if you think of me half as much as I think about you ... 
Gotta love those haters ! 
ahhh , just got back from one vacation to leave for another injust a few more days ! cant w8 
nothing like getting ran over by a car at 4am 2 brighten my morning 
life sure does suck sometimes ! good thing things always get better in time right ...? 
Damn , only 4 days till college starts =/ 
only 9 days left ! I cant hardley w8 
How do I manage to blow my tire on a pizza delivery on no other day then Halloween when we r bussy as fuck 
If we learn from our mistakes , why are we always so afraid to make a mistake ? 
Sucks to be all those peeps who started school already ! I got till the 23rd hahahaha 
I'm not going 2 make you a priority if you only see me as an option so as of yesterday i decided I am just gonna start doing me and see where the road leads 
First day kicked ass ! College is better than I expected but already got essays 2 write =/ 
Weekend is here again ! Thank God haha !! Time 2 live it up and worry about homework later 
It sucks when your family thinks its alright to lie to your face ... It really goes to show the level of respect that people have and that at times , we really are alone in this world . In order for any type of relationship to work there must be truth and honesty and it sucks that some people will only lie and deceive . All i have 2 say is thank God for good friends who have my back through the thick and thin 
Uggh ! Nothing is worse than waking up , pouring a big bowl of ceriel , and opening the frig 2 find there's no milk ! 
SNOW ?!?! 
Finally ! Enough said =) 
Wish I coulda gone 2 vegas but nooooo ! works gotta kill that buzz ... literally 
6 am and still can't sleep ... what could b worse ? 
" I'm on the pursuit of happiness 
And I know everything that shines ain't always gonna be gold , hey 
I'll be fine once I get it , yeah 
I'll be good " -- Kid Cuddi 
NEW FAVORITE SONG -- SPACE BOUND BY EMINEM I cant get enough of this shit 
Car tag tomorrow ! So ready 2 destroy hahaha 
MINNESOTA BOUND !!! Bye L-Town , c ya in a week ! 
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up . The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time . 
Go away for 5 days , have a great vacation , then you come home and find out in the morning that your dog of 5 years has been given away ! talk about a ruined day 
Great baseball game ! Glad I went 2 one where the rockies destroyed haha 
Shit , back 2 school tomorrow ... good thing I'm going on vacation 2 my island on thursday !!! =) 
Work then the rockies game ! Can't w8 2 see them destroy the diamondbacks haha 
Thanks 4 making it easy for me 2 forget about u ... 
Fucken plans ... always falling through ! So sick of this shit ... guess I will just go hottubing . But sure as hell doesn't beat car tag ! 
Thank God Fall break is here , life is good ! On second thought , life isnt good its Ggggggrrrreat ! 
Gone yet again , wishing I spent more time with her =/ 
Snow ?!?! What the hell !!! Go the fuck away and let it stay warm in town 
Inbox Only ... 2010 is almost over ! Confess one thing you always wanted to tell me , put this as your status and see what you get !! 
Talk about a great game ! 10 rows off the ice and a game puck , definately no complaints !! 
God is great , beer is good and people are crazy 
Fuecken A ! This is just disasterous night so far ... can I just re-start it ? Or maybe even better just forget that it happened 
My boy E and I ruled the BP tables all night haha ! I'd like to see Dtd top our 9 game streak ... If only we didn't run outta beer ! 
Best suprise in the world last night ! 
" I'm on the persuit of happiness " so I guess its time 2 see where the road takes me 
I wake up yeaterday with a stuffy nose and an aching throat ... this cold just had 2 come at the worst possible time ! 
Drunk People ... Learn your limits and how to hold your liquor !!! Oh and clean up my damn bathroom ! 
Karma , y u gotta b such a bitch ? 
People always coming over and drinken my gatorades ... this is bullshit ! At least being done with this semester of college makes me feel a little better 
So the Fighter and Tron both kicked ass but I gotta say that the best part of the night was snagging icee bear from AMC haha 
Damn that black ice ! 
What's wrong with this world ? 
Ate a bunch of cereal before noticing the milk was tasting a little funky =( my tummy hurts hahaha 
Work every day of spring break ... this was definately now what i was hoping it would be =/ At least i'll be getting some serious paper on the next check ! 
I am finally going to get off work early ! I will consider that a break since its been 7 days since i had a night off =/ 
Definately Going Skydiving this summer ! My dad pussed out so I guess ' Larisa de Haas will just have 2 jump out of a perfectly good airplane with me haha !!! 
Damn you college Professors !!!! ( especially the ones that barely even speak english ) 
Buy Bow Mar Pizza ! We have the best pizza out there and you will be helping to support small business in this fragile economy ! 
Life is hard sometimes ... But I am happy 2 be living it =) 
“Don't wait until everything is just right . It will never be perfect . There will always be challenges , obstacles and less than perfect conditions . So what . Get started now . With each step you take , you will grow stronger and stronger , more and more skilled , more and more self-confident and more and more successful . ” 
With warm weather comes Mosquitoes =( 
Its always the little things that I worry about the most =/ 
" Nothing ruins the truth like stretching it " 
First time working out in a couple months , I'm going 2 b sore as shit tomorrow 
