later people . 
LATER PPL 
HEY PPL COMPARE SCHEDULES !!! i have mine in my notes 
banana ! 
uh oh . ???? 
yay new profile picture 
SCHEDULES !!!! 1 : ALG 2 2 : SCIENCE 3 : SOCIAL STUDIES 4 : ENGLISH 5 : LUNCH 6 : GERMAN ( with herr sack !!? ) 7 : THEOLOGY OR OUTDOOR SKILLS 8 : BAND OR P.E. 9 : STUDY HALL OR ART HOMEROOM : MRS . FITCH TELL ME WHICH CLASSES WE HAVE TOGETHER 8TH GRADERS !!! 
cheese sticks to walls well . 
bla bla bla 
hey guess what i am prank calli people with sarah . yes , elizabeth and evan , that is you . and somebody sarah randomy called by guessing numbers . they have a funny name/answering machine . 
THE BEATLES ARE AWESOME ! 
i LOVE marshmallows !!! 
gahhh .. 
at some library .... hehe 
IS WATCHING DOCTOR WHO . ultimate yAYneSs 
really ... The Hat is still sitting on that chair ? 
What's on my mind ? everything . where did you put the windowsill ? 
FINISHED " CATCHING FIRE " . IT WAS SOOO GOOOOOOOOOOOOD 
laundry bla bla . :P 
NIGAHIGA !!! 
my advice to all those sick middle schoolers : have some asprin and take a nap . my fever's nearly gone , i just feel sort of shaky ( but i think thats the asprin , mehh ) . 
driving back to mn ! 
ow throat . well a least my head doesnt hurt . 
ow ow ow my ankle hurts !!! 
GOING TO WATCH NIGAHIGA''S NEW MOON SPOOF !! EXCELLENT !! 
i have a strange feeling that i will fail at D&D ... 
was driving from st. paul with ana and kate and at 2.11 a tornado went right in front of us ! about ten car lengths away and as tall as my house ! 
feet . 
MUSHROOMS !! the testing tomorrow is going to be boring . wondering how high our school's curriculum is up the list ? cuz this might be super easy . 
standardized testing was eaaaaaaazzzzzzzyyyyyy . 
blub blub blub . i want some grilled cheese ^fish^ 
its already 9.45 what the fish . :P i woke up late 
You say Im stubborn and I never give in I think youre stubborn ' cept youre always softening You say Im selfish I agree with you on that I think youre giving out way too much in fact I say weve only known each other a year You say pfft Ive known you longer my dear You like to be so close I like to be alone I like to sit on chairs and you prefer the floor Walking with each other think well never match at all but we do 
wait a minute . what- - ok now i forgot what i was going to say . 
it smells good in here . 
pine cones are awesome . 
MEA confuses me sometimes ... 
FIGURED IT OUT . i feelz speciallll 
34hfgeriufiki !!! ISNT THAT JUST INTERESTING ? 
KATE AND MY GRANDMA ARE MAKING FOOD AND IT SMELLS REALLY GOOOOOOOD . Kate B . Meyer Cindy Meyer 
if you were in a book i wrote , what would you want your name to be ? 
tonight , i went to Olive Garden with THE HAT . people made intersting faces when they saw me . 
LOOK , all my strange friends !!! ITS A SQUIRREL !! 
hannah . montana . is . weird . 
YESS KIDSING IS TOMORROW !! !! now i just need to find shoes . 
UAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHH . wow good day . hoping for amazing rest of day . 
WHAT IS IT WITH BEING SICK ?!?! 
:D amazing day !! wonderful day ! A 2 year old WIRED magazine kate found @ the library has a cover story on how " Manga Conquers America " . ISNT THAT AMAZING ??? PS . runescape is awesome today and it is snowing and i'm excited for tonight . overall , SUPER AWESOMENESS . 
GRR ! can anyone find me the english translation of the french words on " The Monument to the Departed " in Natzweiler ?? pleeeeeeeaaaaassssssssssssssssssssssse 
:P cleaning . done . YESSSSS . going to play sims 2 now . :D 
wenner is trying to find all the people from middle school who are sick , and now im joining her . comment on my status if you are sick . 
fix :: FINISHED MY FIRST DRAFT OF ENGLISH PAPER . when i fix the font size , its 4.4 pages long . it is amazing . 
still sick . 
HEHEHEHEHEHHHEEEEHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA ... RUSSEL DAVIES is doing the doctor who christmas special . that'll be GREAT . 
MY HAT IS AWESOME . even though the majority of you already knew that . 
MY ENGLISH PAPER IS 3.3 PAGES LONG . AND THOROUGHLY AWESOME . and the name is good too- telling stories slowly . 
wants to go biking , but i'm sure no one will want to go . :P 
is , once again , in love with this snow . 
pickles and pepsi is a weird combination . 
HOPNI SKIPNI TRUDA WUDSK ?? HA HA HA !! NO ! NO ! NO ! 
is going to see New Moon tomorrow , out of morbid curiosity . i think i may die because they will murder the only slightly decent book in that ... very blah series . 
: I mh . 
should i grow out my hair ? to how long it was in grade school ? 
I AM GOING TO HAVE A FUN BREAK . :) 
1 year and 6 months since Natzweiler .. 
IT WORKS !!!! THE FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic circles will appear . the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! put this as your status if it worked for you !! 
feels randomly happy . a sign that i should probably go sleep . :3 goodnight everyone . 
kate's hair is super bright purple . i forgot she was going to get it dyed in minneapolis . 
PHAIL FAIL BLAHH !!! i swear someone said the horses were coming back on friday !!!!! 
cantabile concert today at 3 ... at scsu .... :/ :) : l i dont know how i feel about that ... 
AAAAAAAHHHH my english paper is long . :3 
oww i left my skinned elbow and knee in water too long , they feel dry and burnt :P 
my english paper is going to be pretty long ... maybe 2-3 pages 
definitely not bragging or anything , but i am owning at sims 2 . 
hmmmm 
runescape in german is amazing X ) but not many people spoke german , and there was only about 70 people in the world i was in :( . 
is going to play webkinz , for the first time in a very long while ... 
I NEED TO PACK NOW . but i dont want to NOW . I HAVE TO PACK NOW !!! >:P i dont want to .. packing is not fun .. THEN I WILL NEVER GET TO MONTANA . DO I WANT THAT ?? no ... ok fine ... i'll pack .... ( my brain has conversations with itself ) . 
maybe i'll stay up all night ... what else do i have to do ?? 
packing for montana . leaving in 6 hours !! 
my hair is super short !!! X ) i am so happy !!! 
i had a dream that someone random i know joined facebook .. and when i woke up , i actually believed the dream ... 
keane is amazing 
i dont know what to put on my status ... 
i WAS going to play Runescape in German , but apparently , the loading screen isnt cooperating . 
going to go read some manga ... as usual .. 
choir concert today , then music at SJU if i can get my dad to bring me there ... or i need a ride to there or something 
WOW i am surprised by how good New Moon ( movie , NOT the book ) was . and i am now on team jacob . he was better in the movie than he is in the book . 
eating a bagel . :) 
i want to hang out with people this break .. but i'll be gone ... anyone for tomorrow ?? 
can anyone drive me home from powder ridge tomorrow ? i can drive you there . i need a ski buddy !! 
bought beginning programming for dummies . X ) 
i am a mushroom .... but you all know that . 
just swam .. skiing tomorrow 
is so glad that she found black jeans today . 
went shopping ... and the time was actually worth it ... 
I STRONGLY DISLIKE THE FACT THAT I HAVE TO CALL APPLE TO TALK ABOUT REPLACING MY IPOD WITH A 16G ONE .... BUT THE SCREEN BROKE SO THEY WONT BE VERY COOPERATIVE :P 
i want to go ski . LOOK OUT MONTANA !! 
banana . i cant believe its sunday night 
runescape time ... 
is going to watch more david tennant ... X ) yay 
is now going to watch Hamlet with only THE hottest time lord in existence , DAVID TENNANT !! X ) happy day .. 
likes to write notes alot . 
David Tennant ... :3 
awesome day just super :D . <-- it's that face again ... :O 
going to spend my sick day facebooking , making youtube videos , whispering due to throat , and probably painting . and i think i'll look for some good photoshop programs . 
hey guess what ... i just lost the game 
" lookin like a fool with your pants on the ground ... " i know a few people i could sing this to . AHEM . 
hasn't changed a bit ... only the scene changed :) 
fiiiiiiiiissssssssssshhhhhhhhhhh muffin IM A MUSHROOM 
meeeeehhhhhhhhhhhhhh ..... banana 
got that grilled cheese she wanted . what an abnormally late lunch . 
wearing The Hat . 
just finished Vampire Knight 9 .. :O 
like this status for a super awesome snow day !! 
real school tomorrow . :( 
i find it hilarious that v-day is a discovery day . BE SCARED , PEOPLE !! :P 
is sick . :P 
i have some annoying japanese pop song stuck in my head -_- 
GAAAHHH 
You should know that you're just a temporary fixThis is not rooted with you it don't mean that much to meYou're just a filler in the space that happened to be freeHow dare you think you'd get away with trying to play me -best for last , adele 
sunday : Anna's day to be super , super , super confused . 
raise your hand if you are sick . :P 
is seriously thinking about getting the iPad . i heard people talking about it and i thought it was a hoax !! 
hmmm . well , that's certainly not something i'll figure out soon . people are so confusing . 
aaaaahhhh , friday . you are my bff . hahahaha 
goignt to see percy jackson today 
banana 
my life = HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAA 
cmon anna ... only 4 more days of school ... then you have TEN FULL DAYS OFF ... :O 
banana ... :D 
" anna " " what " " you just said what again " lol . 
hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm this spring break is gonna be awesome . !! 
AAAHHHHHH one more hour ... i cant stand this !! lol 
LIKE THIS STATUS FOR NO SCHOOL TOMORROW . 
I JUST LOST THE GAME 
i am writing . DONT BOTHER ME ! @JH ! @JHB ! H ! B ! N ! N ! B ! C !! E%R ! T @YU ! F #R % ! YT #U !!!!! lol 
YAY IT IS SPRING BREAK . :D 
got another dog !! YAY RINGO !! 
choir today from ten to one ... then i don't know what i'm doing .... maybe seeing a play ? 
powder ridge tomorrow ... what should i do instead of being utterly bored ? maybe i should make a video of failure wipeouts ... X ) 
i have a spanish song from last year choir stuck in my head ... 
REPOST 3 ( hopefully last ): : hello everyone , there's a group of us seeing Alice in Wonderland friday at noon , tell me if you are going so i could get tickets for you early ( you have to be sure you're coming and pay me back . i can't drive people there ) 
is excited for tomorrow . 
................ X ) 
im gonna go ... write . of course 
REPOST :: hello everyone , there's a group of us seeing Alice in Wonderland friday at noon , tell me if you are going so i could get tickets for you early ( you have to be sure you're coming and pay me back . i can't drive people there ) 
Hmmm ... maybe i'll go shopping today ... 
trying to finish current events before school starts again ... >:/ 
i just saw alice in wonderland , now i have jabberwocky stuck in my head ... 
is so happy because she seems to have forgotten every opinion she had about all her friends , so she can't be mad at anyone , and she's ready to say what she thinks is true . :D I think I'm finally living again 
OH MY GOSH INSANE PEOPLE !!! :P 
i cannot wait for something to happen . 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH ok i'm done freaking out for week . RINGO IS SUCH AN AWESOME DOG !! :D 
jkdrbgilqebglwjenflqn23rhpoiekjfnwkjqnefkjnwefkjnwkjnf ..... BORED 
well , they dyed my hair w/ nonpernament , it turns out my hair is too healthy , it didnt go in well O.o so now i have reddish highlights . im going in tomorrow for the purple !! :D 
ahaaa ha my dad is confused i think .. 
what color should i get highlights ? it needs to be natural colors for choir :/ 
ok , just to prove a point about someone i know , is it creepy to have celeb crushes or like people a year younger than you ? 
i am sick >:P if i cant go to school tomorrow i will be verrrrryyyy mad .. 
hello everyone , there's a group of us seeing Alice in Wonderland friday at noon , tell me if you are going so i could get tickets for you early ( you have to be sure you're coming and pay me back . i can't drive people there ) 
bahahaha . why is English misunderstood randomly ? rofl . 
does cantabile have practice tonight ? hopefully someone knows .. 
SOMEBODY FIND ME A GOOD NOTE TO WRITE ... 
writing writing writing writing writing ............. 
I love writing . 
O_O 
super awesome day . 
across the universe :S 
macs are evillll * goes downstairs to use actual dvd player * 
sonday munday toosday windzday throughsday fryday sat-er-day . yay spelling 
so apparently the snow is so bad that flights are being cancelled .... yet i have not seen one snowflake today . 
OKAY now i see snow . 
currently quadruple-tasking . 
What is Toronto ?????? 
NO SCHOOL TOMORROW !!!! 
three feet of snow on the roof of the screen porch . half my window is blocked by it lol 
i feel so incredibly smart . 
" YOUR FACE TASTES SOO GOOD " i hope to never say this ... 
is very good at ... very few things lol 
ahhhhh ! i'm human !! 
I would appreciate the generosity of anyone who will explain this human stuff to me . Thank you kjbsfkzjnz , g . 
evil feet are evil . 
strange day . 
tomorrow is probably the only day i'm going skiing this winter . so yes , i am skipping knowledge bowl ... but for a good reason 
the propane ran out last night . i woke up at four with half of my blankets off the bed . i put them back on and woke up two hours later to my mom saying " it's 55 degrees in here . " BRRR 
gahhh my head hurts . 
feels like a genius . 
I answer questions literally . As in , " the ceiling " is a good answer to " what's up ? " 
loves destroying the plans of fake people on the web ... ok , that didn't make sense , oh well elizabeth knows what i'm talking about 
poll : band or choir next year ? 
lolz , of course i'll go to sleep !!... As soon as I finish some Triangle quality stuff at three AM . 
is actually writing good stuff . 
feels particularly awesome . 
Today is friday , I had four hours of sleep , and I need coffee ! 
I need sleep now . 
bleehhh , I am tired and I blame couches . 
:) 
the power of the internet ....... 
WHAAAT 
blueberry . oh and also , choir competition was awesome for many reasons . 
" I don't mean to be a creeper , but ... " 
feels like trolling . 
Ahahaa Facebook is so confusing sometimes . * tired * 
.. I'm an idiot . 
I'm waiting to get home so I can watch Glee . Otitpfjsykddksfkxldjchava . 
ahhh cuute ( says anna in response to Blurt and my dog ) 
friday friday gotta get down on friday . 
the next 24 hours , i have to be TOTALLY honest . you can send me a message ; i have to answer and have to do it truthfully . But hurry , only for the next 24 hours ! ( stolen from Nathania Lynn ) 
haiiirrrrcuttt 
this haircut makes my ears cold ... 
TIL that " dude , a fohawk with this hair would be SWEET ... " lolol I am so glad 
:| 
Anybody else on tumblr ? 
ahhh I found a prom dress two years early ... 
... wow . 
Super duper awesome day . 
Hello guys . The relationship status change was a joke . Thought I'd tell you before tomorrow . :D 
hmm ... should I go to bed or not ? 
I have 6 different things I want to do ... which one ? 
Legend of Korra is gonna be 26 episodes now :D and Dante Basco says he has a character , who " has something to do with Zuko " ... his son ? Steph Haeg : COMMENT 
aha I love people 
WOW 
most annoying feeling ever : getting a ton of comments and faves on deviantart , and then it suddenly stops . x ( 
my Cloud Cult obsession has not yet died down . 
So , I thought the world was hating on me today ... turns out not . I cleaned out the boxes under my bed and found a check from last year that I never cashed . THANK YOU WORLD ! btw , how did I deserve this ? ... :D 
Today , I serenaded a lamb . 
Reason to have short hair number 12 : It's easy to check for tics . 
RAIN ?? 
apparently I am indie now ... 
happy happy happy day :D 
Ahhh that was an amazing concert . I love Cloud Cult . 
blah , not many people replied to my email . so I'm gonna post it . Skatin Place saturday ? I'll be there 12-5 
REDDIT IS DOWN I WILL DIE 
I feel slightly alive again 
Me : ( talking to bunny cookie with honest emotion ) " oh my god , I'm so sorry I ate your ears !! " 
Kate B . Meyer : " Anna he can't hear you ! " 
Me : * cries * 
" I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired " 
I have Littlest Pet Shop bandaids on my toes ... life is pretty cool :D :P 
the hp7pt2 trailer is epic O.O 
can't really blame ' em .. 
OHREALLY NOW ? 
lol life is pretty cool 
holy cow it's May ... when did this happen ? 
Waking up to a good breakfast and big news is the weirdest feeling ever . " Mmm , baco- " " Osama bin Laden is DEAD ! " 
what ... my god , I have got plenty reasons for thinking the world is just stupid . 
Happy May the Fourth XD 
I hate seeing cute guys at random food places that seem interested in you but you'll never see them again and they're probably too old for you anyways but SO CUUTE . 
I hate it when people assume they can't get guys because they don't wear makeup or don't have good clothes . That's actually what GIRLS care about more . So if you're looking for a guy , you can just stop wearing makeup . It's annoying anyway . 
Ah ! Mein Finger ist kaputt !!!! <-- german class ... 
foot ... dead ... 
I held my tounge/as she told me , " son/fear is the heart of love " /so I never went back/ -death cab for cutie 
gonna watch " A Very Potter Musical " finally XD 
SPRINKLER !! :D 
wish [ undedcided ] . 
rofl , kbowl was fun and fashionistas are funny XD and now i'm really tired 
just finished my immortal . word of advice : it's funnier when it's read out loud to someone . XD 
I think being homophobic and racist would be horrible ... You wouldn't be able to go anywhere without seeing someone you hate ... :P I am so mad ... 
I need a haircut so much it's not even funny . My bangs are below my nose . 
today i fell onto the floor from laughing . successful day ? yes . 
My stomach hurts ... :( 
The value of astrology . . . is not its power to predict what the gods have in store for humans , but its ability to reveal the god-like powers that reside in the depths of every human being . 
-- Glen Perry , P h.D. 
SNOWSNOWSNOWSNOWSNOWSNOWSNOWSNOWSNOW !!!!! 
Going to Missoula today to go college hunting and other stuff 
oops ... i forgot about my cactus :| 
Going to the Quarry .. Will be there for a few hours " if anyone wants to stalk me " . Rofl 
Who thinks we should stay at school tomorrow after school until we leave for the movie ? Instead of going home ? 
HAPPY HAIR XD 
DONE DONE DONE DONE DONE DONE DONE DONE DONE DONE !!!! :D and only FINALS left , then i am SUPER DONE . 
Failbrain . 
TODAY IS SATURDAY 
rawr , blegh , grr . 
november ... come soon . i feel so blind without the sunrise . 
ROFL I AM SO CONFUSED TODAY . !!! 
yay . yay . yay . not really for any reason , i just don't fell pressured right now . and i actually enjoyed staying after school and being stuck by myself ( not really i just " bugged " sarah and hannah the entire time ) . 
Rofl . I am mad at technology and transportation . 
amazing day :D 
Tomorrow : nothing . Friday : nothing and working at track meet , possibly hitchhiking to someone's house to sleep over lol . Saturday : youth chorale audition !! And games club . Hopefully I'll find time to go shopping ... 
Tuesday . 
Got a fanfic account , but then the computer failed on me so I only got to subscribe to people I know and write two paragraphs of my bio which prob'ly got deleted . 
last saturday of the school year . FINALLY !!! 
watching death note with leeeeeelllllaaaa 
I AM AMAZED BY THE NEW " LIKE " ON COMMENTS THING . it's like a dream come true :D 
BRING IT ON , MONDAY !!! * falls over from stress before monday even starts to charge * dang it . Well , at least I know the band concert will be alright ... 
i can't decide if i'm an introvert or an extrovert ... 
why does rewatching death note make me happy ? i know what happens in every episode already ... whatever . 
Sorta wanna see Eclipse out of morbid curiosity . ROFL 
i thought it was pretty awesome when the music director from scsu recognized me ... then i realized it was because at my yccm audition i messed up " my country tis of thee " in a way no one else has ever done ... :P 
reading my immortal . just finished part one . its horrible ... XD 
has anyone seen the csbsju newspaper recently ? the archbishop denied communion to gay pride rally-ers . 
I didn't know it was possible to feel tired only in your toes ...... 
Has a good reason to be sad , but is SOO EXCITED !!!! 
V'a Havta Le Reacha Kamocha ... It's been two years . 
oh it's nine ? i haven't eatendinner yet but ok 
glee : " gay gay gay gay gay ... oh look a purse fell out of my mouth " 
Fridayyyyy ! ! ! ! Jdfkdhqofihxoicdhskajajsldksjs 
NOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMN ................ NNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMN ..... JUST KIDDING 
i'm sure that whatever happens today , it'll be interesting ... i really want to watch marblehornets :D 

I sent you a smiley ! Want to see it ? http://apps.facebook.com/smileycentral/go.jhtml?partner=ZNzfb008_RGxdm029YYUS 
anna being sarcastic :) : " yeah im a homophobe because im scared of being attacked by a lebian . cuz IM JUST SOO HOTT they just cant resist attacking me the second they meet me " . sadly this only was said in my mind ... :( 
My life is like a shojo manga right now 
BLACK HAIRRRRRR 
wait , today is thursday ?? what happened to my free week ??? 
The humidity messes up my wifi now ... So not much Internet until sunset now . :P 
Guess what I get to do today ... I get to help remodel our Frugal's restraunt building because the new Wal-Mart will only sell us the space next to them if our outer building matches theirs . :P 
OMGOSH I LOVE MY NEW HAIR :) :) :D !!!!! 
Really ? Really ? Geez that was not too smart on my part . Lol . <(") penguin 
iuhqwurhwiaeigjlsj !. 
" you're the strangest person I ever met , she said , & I said you too , & we decided we'd know each other a long time " - Brian Andreas 
Blah . I wanna wriittteee . But I canttt ... I don't know what to .. write .... LOOK ITS A CAT . 
Happy Easter 
just drew a really awesome picture of my cat .... what should i do now ? i'm bored .. maybe i'll draw something else lol ... 
got a deviantART the-werid1 
DONE WITH THE SLUDGE TEST !!! i offered to do the entire binder ... i better get good karma for this X ) jk 
Had a well rounded weekend . 
chamber choir audition tomorrow ? ok then , another thing to add to the freaky long list 
confettiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii 
Woah , I know I did all that math stuff , but why do I feel like I didn't do enough ? Ahhh I'm suddenly tired . Good day today . Tomorrow will be better . Yay optimism . :) dang , I still need to take a shower . Phail . This is a random status . 
Blehhhhhhhhhhhhggggh someone tell me to go to bed . 
Interesting day . :D 
blah ! 
Last day of morning classes today :) except German . Actually , it's worse because the tests are this week . 
CRAZINESS . hopefully will end after harry potter ... 
TGtomorrowIF 
typing like crazy ... finally . it feels so good . 
Us happy because she has opens during 5 and 9 , but is mad because she has no art OR theology next semester !! 
At the silver diner 
I might as well do homework today ... 
will be very glad when finals week comes . bleh 
Please ask me anything , send me anonymous questions ! make sure to click the link : http://ama.honestybox.com/i/1428616171 
LOOK HERE ! Ok everyone , Kate and I have been thinking of starting a Gay-Straight alliance at SJP , but now I am going to start it because Kate doesn't want the responsibility . I was thinking we should have 4 leaders , one of each gender and preference . 
" she shot us twice . we're definitely dead . " 
" oh ... but isn't that like a double negative ? so we're alive ? 
" oh yeah . " 
" or maybe we're un-dead ... so were zombies . " 
" no , i've got it , we're vampires . " 
" ... that's creepy . " 
Gonna watch 2012 tonight ... Just because 
Going to see my brothers play soon 
Can't believe I got in the Triangle . 
I'm nearly done taking everything out of my bedroom . :P I will be so happy when we're done 
what is it with planning stuff today ? HURRY UP !! lol 
happy to something nerdy/geeky weekend 
khenrtkjhnw4tjkhn homework time 
HAPPY :) :) :) 
Half excited and half not excited for Monday . Guess that means I'll have to do homework all day . 
Whooo 
yay 
started painting !!! 
Blahhh , Thursday . What else ? 
:D yay for .... Cleaning ?! X ( XD 
I need to fix something that's totally fine ... And no one's gonna agree with me . 
Super amazing day :) I'm at Hannahs with Sarah and Brooke 
i had REALLY strong coffee a few hours ago and now i cant make my arms stop moving . it's ten times worse than the time i had iced coffee at games club while we were playign dnd at sexton and joe's albotross pete died and i was screaming in a shrilly voice . i am LITERALLY ROFL . and my stomach and arms hurt ... :P :D 
Is kinda dizzy ... Why ??? Should I go to bed now ? 
Today two years ago ... In Germany . Sang at mass at St. Antonius church , then went to visit a german family . I remeber this day , it was ... Interesting ... X ) the guy with scarves !!! Lol . That was awesome . 
ok , seriously everyone , Facebook WILL NOT EVER CHARGE $$$ to use Facebook . their business would crash in half a month . everyone will move to myspace and twitter the minute it happens . they already make millions just from ads and apps . PLEASE STOP JOINING GROUPS THAT SAY OTHERWISE . 
Youth Sing Out tonight @ Sauk Rapids High , 7.00 PM . Pleeease come , it's 99.99% my last Cantabile concert other than the MN tour . The St. John Boy's Choir and Youth Chorale will be there too . Tickets are $8 
I had such a crazy dream last night ! It included a train , an orchestra concert , a twix bar , a lady in a funny hat , a stupid conductor , a laptop and a lunch lady who thought I was In college and wouldn't believe I was in middleschool . 
hhahahahahahahaha aren't tuesdays AWESOME ? well either that or really stupid . it's like tuesdays are bipolar or something XD 
Comment on this status !!!! In a full sentence lol 
Wow I just finished Avatar the Last Airbender completely IT IS AMAZING for a kids show anyway . So amaaaazzinng . 
Evil flip flops . :P I'm soaking my feet in water right now ... 
I think I'll manage to not think too hard for the rest of the school year . But I keep getting headaches recently , so I'm probably not right . Ahhhhhhhhhh ... Happy . Ok , I'm going to sleep more tonight , I don't plan on being sleepy again . 
Wednesday . XP . Doesn't feel like the day is done ... Hopefully , tomorrow , ... 
Oh those days where I didn't care anymore 
Just to be happy 
And it paid off 
Going to play Wii !! 
i love sleeping ( says the person who got up at seven ) . 
" my car has four ... " " Animals ! " Me answering Herr Sack in German . I was trying to say doors . Then it took me a minute to realize what I had said . 
11.11 make a wish 
really tempted to get a new ipod touch . i can't decide wether it was a good thing my old one broke or not . CAMERAAAA !! 
Feels super accomplished . Tomorrow is foods fair !! AND late start !! Going to do social extra credit .... I'm determined not to fail before the finals ... 
Friday . Only thing bad is German test . Otherwise I'm good . 
IS WATCHING THE NEW DOCTOR WHO EPISODE RIGHT NOW . 
Today is going to be awesome just like last year . But seriously people , drinking tons of amp is not funny after you throw up and crash when you get home . Please listen to Mr. Stark . 
It seems like nearly everything is being awesome right now ... Except Algebra two lol 
I have twelve days left . " it's simply oh so human to want to shout our own secrets . " 
i love coffee and rain 
TGIF . 
Got a haircut ( yessss ! ) we're making a fire later too . Suprisingly , I'm excited for the new social studies project . That's good ... I guess . 
Today is awesome . 
" What do you say to taking chances ? What do you say to jumping off the edge ? " um , that sounds like some high person trying to fly ... Hahaha 
Grr , I want it to be Friday . :P . Whateverish . Blegh is my new word ... I have Bad Romance stuck in my head 
Managed to finish her board project :D SLEEP TIME :) 
HANNAH MOEN !! if you are reading this , WE HAVE THE SAME HOTEL ROOM ON THE CHOIR TRIP !!!! :D :D 
I think every public place needs public wifi ... Like in the bigger cities in Michigan . 
HELP ME I'M TRYING TO THINK OF SOMETHING INSANE TO DO TOMORROW ... HELLLLP 
So optimistic :D 
Mental health goes up , physical health goes down . WHAT THE FUDGE ??? Probably won't be at school today at all ... Going to check for strep ... 
Work study today , probably gonna see the horses tomorrow , and then train to Montana on friday ... 
Tom ... Wake up lol ... This is Hannah lol 
going to the new burger place soon .... :O sounds awesome . my mom predicted what i'll get : gardenburger with jalepenos . 
Just watched yeserday's episode of Glee . THIS SEASON IS GONNA BE AWESOME . Did you know dolphins are just gay sharks ? Lol . 
oh ... its 11.30 ... goodnight ... 
My aunt Carrie said ; 
" write haiku in your status " 
But I'm too lazy . 
XD 
hey anybody wanna go to molitors on friday ? :D 
IT WORKED IT WORKED IT WORKEDDDDDD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I DONT .... oh wait nevermind . 
Mmmooooonnnndddaaaaayyyy . 
Woah , on Tuesday I'll be at my last concert with Cantabile other than the MN tour ! Totally freaked out . 
Itjorjdidiwwtoywhkvfeyuptuytyijuodfkshjo 
glee was ... interesting all over ... 
6 days left ... 
" you might be a big fish in a little pond , doesn't mean you've won . " Woah . Coldplay put up my expectations for myself with one line . How do people do that ? Woah . Actually , I think this status makes me look too self confident ... Oops . Well anyways , tomorrow is Tuesdayy !!! 
kick it over . plan c .. 
May is one huge party !!! It totally is !!! 
Four more stupid days !!! ( stupid ?? ) but more like two , then an intro to the finals/learn what the final is gonna be , then finals and goofing off for the afternoon . 
gahhh my back is sore what the heck 
Next thing to look forward to ... The college's foods fair on thursday . !!! 
FRIDAY , come faster 
Putting stuff back in room ... And rearranging wall stuff because we changed the furniture around 
SO TIRRRREEDD . kind of glad i'm not staying up now . 
XP 
Why is so much stuff happening on Mother's Day ??? 
uhh .. is anybody else having trouble with how deviantart is acting ?? O_O deviantart.com 
GAAAHH only three finals left of anything related to school ........ 
Oh . My . Gosh . My YCCM auction is TODAY . ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
TOOOOODAY WAS AWESOME . THE END . And , Doctor Who tomorrow !! xD 
i haven't gotten my harry potter geekiness on this much since 6th grade- i'm following mugglecast 202 on every half second of the new trailer XD 
OMG AWESOME HAPPINESS . xD i can't believe i hadn't guessed , i'm usually good at those things . :D :D :D 
DONE DONE DONE DONE DONE DONE ! ! good or bad ? i actually broke down on the car ride home , my mom said Ms. Fitch liked my theology final paper too , and piling that on top of all the other papers she said she liked , it just made me feel over successful . i can't believe my entire life is happening to me ... 
My life for the last 3 years has been perfect in this way , and that's why I'm crying . It's going to be gone soon but life is going to get better . That's why I am a real Gemini . And even though there are some doubts with everyone else , it's only going to get better . We are all real friends , and that's why changing something small isn't going to pull us apart . 
my siblings are crazy . they do not fully appreciate cheddar cheese soup and beer bread . SO good ! 
oh fail , break is over . 
ROFL . I must be a very lucky person . 
pizza for breakfast at twelve . break just started , and i'm already sleeping weirdly . 
Ahaha . 
Let's see who comments on this status !!! X ) I strongly dislike people who pick fights !! XP LOL 
" I can't will luck , or stars , to follow me ... they just do . But I'm yet to notice the changes . " 
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah .. 
Kate and I just found a miracle college !! :D 
" What's on your mind ? " " My brother just mixed ' She Will Be Loved ' and ' Poker Face ' together . And now he is singing it in a really weird voice . " 
" I have a cat . His name is Cutie . He's blue . Actualy we don't have a cat . Well we have a cat but he's invisible . But he's still blue . He is under my bed right now though . He likes to be under my bed . He's really cute . " my cousin Collin :) rofl 
going to the bonfire ... half an hour late .. 
... Strange 
DOOD . item number two of amazyngness that has presented itself to me today : 
the guy who played harry in the HP spoof musical is IN GLEE this season . 
ps . i cant watch glee today :'( 
Sanding the floor ... And vaccuming 
Making lists . 
TGIF ! X ) 
You can't have it all when everything is more than you want . 
Time make it go faster/or just rewind/to back where I'm wrapped in your arms/ -Like A Song by Lenka 
Please come to the " her story her song " conceert tomorrow !! 7.30 at Bethlehem Lutheran church . 5 for students and seniors 8 for adults . Singing are Cantabile and the SCSU womens choir . 
I DONT HAVE STREP !!!!! yaaaaaayyyyyyyy !!! ÿ . :D 
blEEHHHAHAHH . failtime . 
i got red clip-in hair extensions @ hot topic XD 
I am the eggman , they are the eggmen , I am the walrus !! Koo koo ka choo ! 
I will love you more than me and more than yesterday , if you can but prove to me you are the new day . Send the sun in time for dawn , let the birds all hail the morning . Love of life will urge me stay , you are the new day . <--- i wish we sang this song , not SCSU !!! :) 
Good morning . It is Saturday . I'm at Hannah's house . I am on my iPod . I can't think of anything to write on my status so I am simply stating facts . 
Youth Sing Out tomorrow @ Sauk Rapids High , 7.00 PM . Pleeease come , it's 99.99% my last Cantabile concert other than the MN tour . The St. John Boy's Choir and Youth Chorale will be there too . Tickets are $8 
And it's beginning to get to me/that I know more of the stars and sea/than I do of what's in your hair/ -snow patrol 
I am so dead . I need sleep . 
Goodmorning son , I am a bird wearing a brown polyester shirt ... -Ben Folds , " Still Fighting It " 
I FInALLY got to deleting all the two hundred old emails in my busiest inbox . 
Plums are amazing X ) 
Another turning point , a fork stuck in the 
road/Time grabs you by the wrist/And directs you where to go/So 
make the best of this test and don't ask why/It's not a question , /But 
a lesson learned in time/It's something unpredictable , /But in 
the end it's right , /I hope you have the time of your life 
I was just complaining to Kate about not knowing when the Triangle was coming out . Then she says they told us it was coming out tomorrow during preptalk . I hate not having preptalk in middle school . 
:D 
reading MOCKINGJAY in 3 ... 2 ... 1 !!! :D 
Friiiiiiidddddaaaaayyyyyy !. 
does anyone have some interesting words to share ? 
two more days of work study this week , then leaving for montana @ 1 AM on friday :D 
HHAHAHA just found a picture of a wedding party attacking the gazebo .. ( dnd joke ) will post soon 
SO MAD . i wrote an awesome note , then i accidentaly hit the " back " button and it got deleted . >:P @#$% ! $#@ ! #$ 
just watched yesterday's doctor who ... it was super epic !! and the end ... HAHAHAHAHAH . X ) 
super day for being at home :D 
Paint ? Yep 
To all the middle schoolers , the end of year party is not a " ask someone out to the dance " thing . Please stop freaking out about " who's going with who " because it's beginning to get overrated . It makes me think that none if you have ever been to something like this . It's getting on my nerves . Annoying . 
just had her last concert with Cantabile . :( . Yes , I did cry lol . I'm carrying these memories forever ... and I still think we need to get back to Europe . 
HAPPY :) so many things happening tomorrow ! So excited !!! 
stupid . 
Leaving for Montana tonight at midnight ... Bye .. Even though I'll still have facebook 
Blahhh , I was right , I didn't sleep at all . Intense conversations with Kate instead . Going on train in an hour or so !! 
11:11 
Super super super awesome day :D 
This day , two years ago in Germany ... Went to the MB synagouge and then rehearsal at St. Antonius Church for TBCOTD . dang it I wish I was there . 
today is tuesday . 
Blahhhhhhh 
Going biking 
just took advantage of the 20 % off sale at craft's direct ... spent $45 and saved $20 altogether !! :) new acrylics 
amazing day :) :) i said earlier today that this is my 2nd favorite bday , but i think it tied with 12th birthday in germany . because my friends are awesome so they made the day amazing !! i love you guys !!! 
The fact that my parents are talking to their friends on the back porch isn't helping my falling asleep on the couch that has been my bed for three days ... 
Almost done with school ... It's just a few inches in front of me ... 
..... ok , it's nearly 11 over here and kate is somewhere downstairs ... what the heck ?? 
Good day . 
so far this weekend has been awesommee 
DOOD fiji steakhouse is my new favorite restaurant . they threw broccoli at us XD . 
GETS TO TAKE * EVERY SINGLE THING * OUT OF HER ROOM BECAUSE SHE AND KATE ARE TAKING OUT THE CARPET . won't that be fun ? :) :P 
Bam . Time for band concert/foods fair/africa project presentations/whole lotta other stuff . ... Wish me luck lol . 
this weekend is gonna be epic . and my new favorite word is legit . 
This summer is going to be ... Epic . 
isn't the wii amazing ? however , i still wish it was a PS3 , of course . 
Happy happy happy . :) :) my iPod Keyboard randomly chanhed zo German so its " correcting " all my english wird's . Lol words -> wird's . 
hahaha my brother is weird 
I'm having a funny conversation on someones status with a girl who says " weird people are boring . " ok ??? 
GAAAAHHHH I have ZERO emotions ... Phail . 
does not exactly enjoy people who think they know exaclty what God wants/commands ... 
Work study ... At least we're done cleaning trashbins ... 
who asked me the question on honesty box last weekend ??? i wanna know ... 
we have started to tear out the carpet !!! WHUAHAHAH !! lol . ow nails 
they say that what doesn't kill us makes us who we are- MCS 
i get to sleep on the couch tonight ... 
I'm scared of my own bedroom now because I couldn't find all the staples in the floor ... just wait and see , I'll have a stubbed toe tomorrow 
PETE !!! ... dangit . X ) 
I have falling slowly stuck in my head 
YAAAAYYY i got everything out of my room . now , i have to take out the ugly light pink carpet , paint the floorboards , and put stuff back in . which color : eggplant purple , red orange , or what ? 
please please please please please . 
DANG , i forgot about the choir concert on the 19th !!! :( anyone wanna see harry potter on saturday ? possibly at an imax or bigscreen theater ? :) :) 
Spaceballs again :P 
i love pizza xD 
Kate supposedly woke up and saw the light , first thing this morning " we definitely have to paint the floor turquoise . " yupp . Dang , I have work study today . 
just remembered the dream she had last night . My brain changes too quickly for my dreams to catch on with , so I'm always dreaming of the past . 
Maybe I should go to sleep now ... 
Going out to eat pizza soon :D today I sat on the boat and read , ate a crepe , and bought hair styling wax :D 
Played runescape this morning . I tried Daemonheim for the first time , it's awesome 
And it's beginning to ge to me/that I know more of the stars and sea/than I do of what's in your hair ... -Snow Patrol 
Sorry if anyone gets mad at me , but I seriously don't see why people think Justin bieber is hot . He looks like my younger brother's friend . 
crazy thunder . darn . 
Blah 
YCCM : yes 
W00t 
Insane day . I have a headache . Maze + go karts + taco stand + glacier park + restraunt with family plus one = X0 
HAPPYNESS :D 
Hasn't danced in the rain since school was still in session :( I need to change that definitely 
making the playlist for the party . Brittney Joy Krebsbach , i'm bringing an ipod because i dont have any CDs , so just be ready to use one TY ( i'll bring a USB ) . 
Woah . Wearing whitestrips is the weirdest feeling ever . 
Wondering about everyone else's opinion on Don't Ask Don't tell ? 
i actually watched soccer today hahah . and it FAILED lol . XD 
MY ROOM LOOKS AWESOME 
Hmm . What should I do right now ? I'm slightly bored . 
probably will watch glee late because my little sister is watching some weird movie .... " like " if she should get off the tv 
IF ANYONE HAS SOMETHING GOING ON TODAY I WILL COME ... because I miss everbody and I'm leaving tomorrow ... :( 
Driving back to MN soon . 
I don't even know what to say about Glee !! Crazy ! 
blaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh 
" After ten minutes of staring at the average word of the day , I finally worked out why " twice " has been up two days in a row . I was so proud I went and got myself a chocolate bar . MLIA . " 
Ok , conversation with that one girl is over , she was just stressed and I was who she took it out on , it's all good now :) 
listening to mugglecast 202 over the new trailer 
DOODZ I need somewhere to go tomorrow ... Plzz anyone ? 
i am being very productive today ( in the way i want to be , of course . not very school-wise ... ) . the wind is epic . it almost blew me over . i didn't know that was possible . 
ROFL I just told a girl I'm lesbian because she was making up a stupid argument . 
uhg ... so much caffine ... * jitters * is it possible to jitter from head to toe ?? i caN barely typeeb 
My brain switches too much ... 
Wow . Top ELEVEN on SYTYCD ???? 
Today two years ago ... In Germany performing To Be Certian of the Dawn in St. Antonius church ! 
Wow , I just proved I'm a Gemini AGAIN ... for a new reason ... 
I've seen 6 colleges in the last 2 days . It's super tiring . Driving out of seattle right now . Oh , btw , please stop sending around that message about facebook deleting accounts . It's fake . They don't need an email to see who is active . Ok bye 
Oh queso , my iPod facebook app is totally messed up . First if all , my chat never works ; and now it looks like all my emails are being recieved five minutes after they're being sent . 
Driving to washington tomorrow :) 
Oh those days where I didn't give a care anymore , just to be free from schemes and heartbreak .... And it paid off- being something undefined . 
SUPER excited to watch the Glee finale . Like if you are too ... 
Dood , it's mondayyy . I don't havta do anything for another week . 
Yay painting 
Bah I'm a sheep 
( AKA Anna is running out of witty/interesting updates because she's been stuck at home ) 
PS i painted my toenails today ... 
AKA Mondays are so boring in the summer 
:P 
The word that I loathe the most is DEFINITION . 
And how can I cry when my life's going so well ? 
People tell me to stop being afraid of the future ... But then I'll be afraid of the present when I get there . 
I don't think I've slept normally since school ended . 
And my dreams are full of regret and beat up furniture . 
Ok people : dark purple ( plum ) or super bright turquoise ( on the green side ) for my bedroom floor ?? NEED HELP BY TOMORROW !!! 
Another turning point , a fork stuck in the road/Time 
grabs you by the wrist/And directs you where to go/So make the best 
of this test and don't ask why/It's not a question , /But a lesson 
learned in time/It's something unpredictable , /But in the end it's 
right , /I hope you have the time of your life 
Zzz 
Driving my brother and Justin to camp ( luckies ) , then driving into Washington ( oh wait , nevermind ! ) ! 
SPARKNOTES TIME ! yes , i did read my english book . it's just a study guide ... 
I have Speechless stuck in my head 
wow ... the flaming lips concert was awesome .... i have to be at school in SEVEN HOURS . 
Long day XD tomorrow will be longer ... Who's gonna be there ? 
And it's beginning to get to me/that I know more of the stars and sea/than I do of what's in your hair ... -Snow Patrol 
does anyone wanna come over tomorrow and " help me paint " my floor ? 
fuzziest , softest socks ever . 
interesting day ... :) 
just learned about the astrological affects of retrograde planets ... life makes so much more sense now . 
Ah life X ) 
yayy , Glee tonight . I don't even know what it's going to be about , I never saw a commercial .. 
PHAIL . I wish YCCM had sent out emails instead of through the mail . Now I have to wait till the 28/29/30 to get my mail and see if I got in . Well I doubt I did though . But it's still bugging me . :P 
Back in Montanaaa 
FAIL 
Who wants to see toy story this week ? 
Back from camp . It was ... Interesting . 
Wow , I managed to fall asleep in the middle of a conversation again . xP 
I'M ON A TRAIN :)))) SUPER HAPPYNESS ... 
In my entire life , the Empire Builder has never changed its schedule ... And so of course I can't really fall asleep before twelve when we have to go to the train station ... Crazy 1 AM train . 
* twitches * . wow . 
it's my dogs birthday ! yayness 
byebye im going to camp now .. see you friday ( who am i talking to ??? ) 
My brother made a really good point ... Who's gonna buy a Joe burger at ten AM ??? 
haircut , Dave & Buster's , and new converse all in the same day XD 
* someone whispers * wow I can't belive it . Anna is awake before ten ! 
* Anna glares in their general direction , and falls over . * 
... am I narrating again ?? 
Why does Montana smell like all my favorite things ? Lakes , pine trees , and no pollen . And at my grandparents ' house , peppermint and wood and fresh laundry . And I have no allergies :) . Can't wait till tomorrow when I can swim ... 
I've been trying to avoid Doctor Who posts to not bug people . But I honestly need to know : is anybody gonna have a finale party this weekend ? I can't , because my family will be all over the place lol ... 
thumbs up if you think valentine's day is pretty ridiculous . 
gnight 
For once , I actually have a poetry prompt XD thanks 
Kate is eating coffee cake ... It's sooo good ... She didn't even notice me take a bite lol 
putting stuff on deviantART ... just a heads up for Elizabeth Larson 
at the moment i am freaking out about kate's birth chart . i knew she was unemotional JK LOL " THE SKY IS BIPOLAR " - Kate B . Meyer 
w00t tomorrow is freshman retreat , that'll be ... interesting 
Wow ... 2012 is an insane movie ... The north pole is in Wisconsin ? No , that's the south pole .. 
We went to U of M(ontana ) and now we are eating very late lunch ... 
i don't want to pack again but i definitely want to go to Seattle ... 
Saturdays are always complicated and confusing at my house X ) 
I actually have stuff to do for the rest of July . Planning will start tomorrow !! ( If I have time . ) ( Nevermind . ) 
Just something to back my point of " Justin Bieber would be better off in a choir " : my mom , my sisters and I all thought he was a girl before I realized it was his song . 
POLL : : Okay , what would you rather want at SJP : gay-straight alliance or anti-hate/anti-bigotry group ? 
My Immortal is THE WORST fanfiction ever . I love how the character says she's not a slut but all her outfits are minis from Hot Topic ... Fail . I read up to chapter 16 today ... I really am glad I don't know the author . ROFL . 
Baaahh I'm a sheep 
whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa long day . :P lol 
And just for a while , they decide to close their eyes ... 
needs to buy some new socks ... YAY I love socks 
<--- in my profile picture , collin was freaking out because i took my hands off the steering wheel while the boat was still going ... :D 
going to german camp tomorrow ... at this moment i have no opinion ... 
2 things ; 1 : i love ebay . i have a new TI83 from Maryland 2 : i just ordered a new ipod nano touch :DDDD blue 
Turns out I'm NOT going to workstudy today ... 
Double fail . XP what is it with the sun sign Leo ? It just messed up my week . 
I am very entertained reading my giant book of astrology . x ) 
once again , stoopid computer . sorry ! XP leaving coz i can't send anything ... 
.. lol 
whahahahahaa this makes me feel so smart ! FINALLY moved my music . WHUAHAHAHA good thing kate got me to do it . 
" you're the tempermental Meyer on Facebook , right ? " ROFL . yup , that's me ... 
yaaaay 
Blahhhhhhhhh I'm having an extremely boring day 
glee ... yeah . 
I am at barnes and noble in the middle of a storm XD and I'm hungry :P with no money xP 
blahhh why is facebook so evil ???? it makes no difference when you were born , there are two types of astrology . google " Sidereal vs Tropical " and it'll explain the sun sign stuff . 
Bleh 
GOODNIGHT WORLD rofl my keyboard was messed up for a second there ... 
Back home :) I need something to do tomorrow . What ? Oh and possibly someone to drive me there lol 
Why am I so happy right now ? 
Actually more excited . >:D 
what day was that ? march ... 
SIMS 3 XD 
Bleh , morning . 
wow , i actually have a bad friday the thirteenth story now . we went to bluegrass camp on friday , set up our ten , and right before we put food in the cooler or wherever it started raining like crazy . the tent flipped over . we were stuck in the jeep for near an hour . then we had to set up the tent again . the only thing that got ruined was a few library books . XP 
the best way for me to get over my fears , is to look straight at them , and start yelling to myself about how they should be very afraid of me , because i talk to myself alot so i must be crazy and it is a good idea to stay away from crazy girls with scissors . 
true fact . 
Just realized I haven't seen Eclipse yet ... I still want to even though the books are pretty bad ... Morbid curiosity XD 
just printed off 8 pages of 9-point font single spaced birth chart stuff . now to find the truths and lies in my astrology * picks up highlighter * 
DOOD LIFE IS AWESOME !! thank you soo much !! 
today was fairly epic ... especially the chair tower that evan alex and i made ... X ) 
:/ 
Ugh 
Done cleaning with an hour to spare XD yay I can party now ! XD 
Life is awesome , just with the little things . 
Wow , long poem . And as a first draft , it's actually good . X ) 
so today my dad found kate's ipod nano in the ditch he lost it in last month . it's been plowed over , and now i have permission to take it apart . :D 
nigahiga XD 
The thunder sounds perfect tonight ... :) 
whuahahahaha i blah . 
A bit of over-stimulation ... 
ROFL .. 
Fail . 
you never realize how easy internet stalking is until you try it . - one of my friends ...... 
XD <-- i just made that face ... because i got my itouch nano !! and it is AMAZINNGG :D 
reading other people's comment conversations on facebook is super entertaining . oh wow , that sounded stalkerish . :D 
DOOD my feet hurt . and my computer is stoopid . 
" you say we shouldnt care about how we look , but you still judge our clothes all the time . " " thats called being mean . duh . " -_- and the LSD question ..... knowledge bowl is interesting . 
Aaargh please tell me Kockler will let me add a class 
Watching an Avatar marathon ... XD 
my brother is making a harry potter quiddich video game ........... lol 
Going to German camp soon . At this point I have zero opinion on this . Bye bye ! 
Ps . GO SPAIN 
OH MY GOSH . Avatar is making another show about the next avatar . I AM SO HAPPY 
Blaq , maybe I should sleep more 
i had a super awesome dream last night . i created an entire alternative ending to Avatar ! i looove that show XD 
And just for a while , they decide to close their eyes ... And pretend they're not alone today . 
so at colloquim today i just randomly decided to try for the play . yeah . no other comment lol 
dang , i wish i was good at wrting music . 
dood , writing is my life . rawrrr i am super tired now . XP 
I Am Number Four is going to be a movie ?? SO FREAKING EXCITED . 
I've got things all over my bedroom to remind me who I am ... Weird poetry and pictures and tubes of paint ... Plus some weird witty magnets and bookmarks on my favorite pages ... Hoping , that if I wake up with my memories lost , I can teach myself again . I never really though of it that way .. x ) 
MICHIGAN XD 
ROFL 
just found a harry potter manga that follows james potter and snape when they were in school * freaks out in excitement * but i almost have to go to bed . :( 
" TODAY IS MY ME DAY . when i get home , im gonna sit and play my new MMORPG for three hours . " <--- me at work study ... 
WOW . they changed my schedule without telling me . now i have seventh open instead of ninth . i dont think i like them anymore . :'( now i cant finish geometry and physics homework before i go home ! :P 
YAY my Toph costume is done :D :D THANK YOU GRANDMA !! i am wearing it tomorrow if i find safety pins . pictures up soon . 
Wowzers . Inception is a super epic movie . Now my number one I think . 
wear plaid tomorrow at school ... rofl 
There were some crazy cherrio eating chipmunks at work study today . 
nom nom nom nom nom . why cant we fast foward about twenty hours ? 
I am satisfied with life right now . :) 
i'm the type of person who misses 11.11 and then wishes anyway . 
i am so P . O . ed at myself . i ... yeah . 
I think my ipod is completely done :( I can try one more thing , then I'm calling an Apple person ... 
On the bright side I'm going shopping !!! :) 
... school ? POR QUE ????????? is that a good thing or a bad thing ? 
Ow . 
i better be able to go to montana on thanksgiving break , and it better snow , coz i want to ski soo badly . 
a few things that annoy me : messed up websites for movie theaters , incorrect links , downloads for MMO games that take 5 hours , coming up with a four part harmony to " Yesterday " while mowing the lawn , and pop cans . 
SO HAPPY because my short story for english is beautiful . first good fiction story i have written . 
dood , it turns out the few years in gradeschool i spent staring at a computer screen have payed off . i jus pwned itunes 10 . i didnt even install the ipod properly and it worked . rofl XD 
what can you see on the horizon ? why do the white gulls call ? across the sea , open your eyes as the ships have come to carry you home . and all will turn to silver glass , a light on the water , grey ships pass into the west . -Annie Lennox , on Return of the King 
Driving hommmee ... 
Going to Michigan tomorrow :) :) 
playing dnd at hannah's . she's trying out being a dm . its working ok . 
gaaaaaaarrrrrrh . 
" like I said , I remember dates ... Like this day , five months ago , I was having crazy dreams about people who didn't care who died when ... I had strep throat at the time so my dreams were weird ... " rofl 
gay is not an insult i am a VERY HAPPY PERSON , :) 
Michigan weather is sooo nice :D 
i hope my ipod comes tomorrow O.O 
" what if i just put a cat on his head and then it won't ... like ... " -me trying to decide on hairstyles ... 
making chocolate dipped pretzles ... :D 
i made it to School of Rock , but half an hour late ... sorry to the people i missed ! 
I have Janet stuck in my head ... :) 
i JUST woke up . wow . seriously . 
is tired of having nothing to do but sit at home . can i stalk anyone anywhere this week ? pleasies ? 
STUPID BRAIN NOISES . 
hahaha i was just watching marblehornets with tom ... at a non-scary part his mom comes and rings the doorbell and he jumped a foot in the air XD rofl 
blahahabajbjbsaa i'm so jittery right now . how did i forget that iced coffe includes caffiene and cafiene makes you awake . my english doesnt even make sense . oh wait , thats normall . 
Is leaving michigan tomorrow and might be in saint cloud just in time to see school of rock :D 
feels successful . i cut my hair and it actually looks good . :D 
vloop 
bLOOP , homework . 
back and forth . 
yay happy paper 
hahaha , another spontaneous day . when will it END ??? rofl 
loksoalardoingfnwoirjdlajnde .. xP 
tired . XP 
1 of every 10 people is gay . That means 1 of every 10 people is instantly put down , labeled , left alone , put in a minority and so much more , all for something they didn't choose . Many gay teens are committing suicide as a way of escaping . If you want to tell them life will get better ... and ... you respect them for who they are , copy this into your status . Most of you won't , but let's see the 5% who will . 
searching for good astrology books because my mom doesn't trust my barnes and noble instincts on falsies . please tell me i'm not insane 
ok whattheheck . i heard one gigantic thing of thunder , didn't see any lightning ( however i WAS reading manga ) , and then the rain stopped a minute later . 
question mark ? 
i almost just titled my english paper as " MORALITY IS SOOO FUNNN :3 MR ENGHOLM JESUS IS DAH BOMB !!!! " as you can see , i am having problems with this ... 
W00T neon purple hair tomorrow @ 4 . XD 
is being nerdy ... in her brain 
TODAY I GOT TAPED TO A TABLE . this is my life story XD i blame alejandro for my lack of hair on my wrist . :P 
cabin soon :D 
people ! give me your deviantart accounts , please . i don't have many friends still . 
bloOp ? 
BLEEEHHHH i dont wanna skip school . PPPPLLLEEAASSSSEEE let me miraculously not have strep . 
grr , apple got smart this time . now i have to call them . :'( 
:D going to my cabin 
whee , finals :P :D and my throat still hurts :D what is with that 
yay , i dont have strep :D 
my brain is dead again . 
burned out . 
GRRRRRGH i dont want to download leopard !!! gaahhhh 
bed ... yay ! XD 
going shopping with sarah and hannah today :D 
ok people i don't want to join skiing this year but i don't want to spend all winter being lazy because that's boring . however i need someone or a few people who will run/skate with me until it gets cold and then i need to think of other things to do ... indoor soccer ? yeah we could do that in the dorm gym ... 
ok i am done ranting for a while now . 
CAT . i really hope my ipod comes tomorrow . 
fish 
finally figured it out ... :D im using my desktop instead of the macbook though . yay for convienently having a new computer 
my mind just a minute ago : " y'know , i wish i could tell people to write what's on their mind ... even if they sound crazy .... even if they sound like they're tripping .... even if they ARE tripping ... " XD 
I CAN'T DECIDE IF GLE WAS HORRIBLE OR AMAZING . baaahhhhhhhhhhhhh * screams in confusion * 
wearing my german camp shirt lol . laughing about Amanda Mat's buffalo dream thing on the back ... roflcopter . 
put blue food coloring in the vanilla dip and then made blue pretzles ... wonderful 
BLEHHHHH i feel sick 
OH MY GOSH , i love this weekend . 
english paperrrrr . 
AWESOME AWESOME CONCERT . good job people ! 
hahaha , of coure i get sick . watch how the storm does come . and if it doesn't , watch how i am too sick to go to the concert . 
Please consider 
http://www.facebook.com/event.php?eid=159361607417097&index=1 
1,732 
" ... do not be sad . But also , do not be happy when you ARE sad . " SweepBlackDust from DeviantArt . 
has anyone here ever tried acupuncture ? 
i hope school is cancelled tomorrow .. bring on the snow 
GEE , i really hope more people wear costumes today , or else it will be very akward ( HINT HINT ) 
annoyed . at lots of things . 
harry potter at 12.50 today :D 
I sent you a smiley ! Want to see it ? http://www.facebook.com/apps/application.php?id=116318625062183&v=app_4949752878&partner=ZNzfb008_RGxdm029YYUS 
1,573 
today i walked around barnes and noble for half an hour , sat down and drank some coffee , then as soon as i remembered a book i wanted i had to leave . at least i got to people watch and nearly fall over from staring upwards in the parkinglot . 
i am waking up at four tomorrow for last minute black friday plans . because i am a crazy girl who overestimates her powers of staying awake . 
headache .... happy birthday to my favorite older sister :D 
does anybody wanna talk about spirituality right now in the middle of the night ? lol . my brain is working too much , can't sleep ... 
don't freak out , people . it's just fail #1 of a hundred more tries to go . 
today feels like two days .. and i love crafts direct 
watching glee ... OH MY GOSH WHAT THE HECK ??? 
don't you just love people who desecrate people's disliking of the r word ? i mean , it's ok if you say the f word , because it's a common human thing , but the r word is just prejudice . if you can't see it , fail . :) 
molitors on saturday ? 
yep 
IT IS DEAD :D 
noo ! last day of break !! 
harry potter at 12.50 today X D 
whuahaha , i feel particularly evil . 
http://the-werid1.deviantart.com/art/wish-undecided-183720867 
SLEEPTIME :) yay 
black friday shopping hahahaha , woke up at four and ended at the time i usually wake up- ten ... 
according to sparklife , bacon is as epic as it gets . 
ooooooo crafts direct tomorrow . i feel like a little kid freaking out about it lol 
mom and grandma becky have discovered cleverbot . the world is wonderful . 
best feeling ever : when you get 30 dollars worth of stuff , but the sales are so crazy that you only spend 5 . XD 
i have weird siblings . and parents . and family . and friends .... ok i'm just gonna say nearly everyone i know is weird . 
" Can you speak more German or English ? " " ... German . " " Yeah , I can see how that works . " -Herr Sack and I 
i am so insanely jealous of whoever is going to the midnight premire . stoopid school , and fail for having a choir concert tomorrow . 
imagine if pokes were posted to the newsfeed ... that would be very crowded and annoying . 
DOOD . cloud cult is legitly playing @ brother willies pub tomorrow night . SO HAPPY . except now my weekend is really full ... 
hahahaha what could be more annoying ? i thought i was reading the last vampire knight .. finished it , and apparenlty not . also , i found out that a book that i've been waiting three years for came out in april . FAIL . 
ben folds ... yaaayy 
bleehh finals in one week :P 
" That's worth rephrasing : If you considered yourself a Cancer under the tropical zodiac last week , you're still a Cancer under the same zodiac this week . " -CNN 
today has been insanely awesome book-wise . :D :D :D 
I'm writing haikus 
they are difficult sometimes 
and sound really weird . 
fridayyyyyyyyyyyyyyh 
w00t 
i vote we all dress up really fancy on saturday for the knowledge bowl meet . it would be amusing . 
wowww 
the world religions movie ( sita sings the blues ) is really good . i'm already rewatching it lol 
weird dream 
never see the present ' cause you're always looking back/counting down the seconds to a heart attack 
today has been an absolutely wonderful day . i feel completely lucky , and glad , and thankful ... just about everything basically . 
HAHAHAHAH i love being tired 
this status is about something unrelated to new year's eve , or anything relevant . instead it is about something i find exciting , that i post even though it might be stupid and irrelevant . in this status at the end , i say i am super happy . and also , i mention how i need a haircut . 
the end . 
ohhh yeah ... that song came out ... while i was sleeping ... that's what i get for sleeping in . 
so excited for tomorrow ... katie is coming :D 
" Today , in math class my teachers stated that even though coaches tell you to give 110% , it is impossible to give more than 100% . I then heard the silent kid behind me comment under his breath , " Not unless you have a midget strapped to your back " . It really is always the quite ones . Thanks for making math more enjoyable , Brendan . MLIA . " 
i'm sick :P but i wanna go to school * cries * 
i swear , a lot of girls on the internet do not understand the concept , even , of logic . like " what happens to your FB account when you die . " 
is attempting to kill off all the characters in a town on sims 3 . nearly done with the first guy , he's neurotic and trapped in a room ... keeps talking to himself ... 
my thumb is bruised >:( 
imac , y u have no photobooth ?? 
wait its already 11.20 ?? oh ok goodnight 
REPOST 2 :: hello everyone , there's a group of us seeing Alice in Wonderland friday at noon , tell me if you are going so i could get tickets for you early ( you have to be sure you're coming and pay me back . i can't drive people there ) 
