i dont know what to say but im saying it . 
saw zombies in southbank 
i like thursdays . 
why am I on facebook at half ten ? 
had one hour of college today :P 
has watch 
cake 
just got stood up 
my facebook is failing 
my knee still hurts 
I still have ross's hat 
damn it 
is it bad if i dont feel anything ? oh yeah THE GAME . 
i have hobo gloves 
face 
TORNADO ! 
exite my electrons 
has mask 
went to freshers fair and could not find anyone so I came home 
fix up look sharrp 
i keep acidentaly scaring people in kingston lol 
ohshit whens the chem work in for ? havnt started yet 
im pink and fluffy 
alpaca from fucking nowhere 
found beer under the slide in the park . thew it at a fence and it exploded . 
im back 
GIMLI ! 
i heart lamp 
THE GAME 
the fake blood wont come out 
fuck you internet , now Im to creeped out to leave the room 
l4d 2 demo = win 
y'now what i dont realy care anymore fek it 
ffs my mothers gone fangirl on robert patterson 
is it bad to crack up over the thought of throwing a cat out of a ninth floor window ? 
nom nom f*cking nom 
i just got given a thong as a secret santa gift 
dosnt care 
i think i should dress up for expo .... 
why am I coverd in static electrisity from the waist down ? 
there's only 208 people with my surname in england 
i can offcialy watch the simpsons as ict revision 
darth vader is going to the expo on saturday 
where is z-day happening ? 
crap im vibrating 
TIMMAY ! 
ninja boots ariving by monday 
Fortes Fortuna Adiuvat . 
fuck this snow 
now with added ninja 
10th october youtube gathering ! 
COCKFOSTERS 
found my oyster card in my guitar 
NINJA BOOTS ! and biology work 
is wondering if anyone is actualy going to this bbq thing today . 
burn it ! burn it with fire ! 
in apple store 
noooooo my ipod broke 
and since I am dead I can take off my head to recite shakesperian quotation 
non temono il drark , ma il suo abbraccio di benvenuto 
has studded gloves 
bob ftw 
WHO THE FUCK TURNED OFF MAH ANTIVIRUS ? 
why dont they sell six packs of relentless ? 
du hast mich gefragt , und ich hab nichts gesagt 
fuck you placepop 
have you heard ? 
and the hedgehog can never be buggerd at all 
hello mr wall . how are you mister wall ? 
my nose still hurts from last night 
ha ha I'm using the shaving foams 
awww theres nothing interesting on the sim card that i found 
ok did anyone spill anything on my gloves because ffuuuuuuuuuuuucccccckkkkk 
well that was awesome 
yay my heart rate is back to normal 
Is anyone doing anything tomorrow ? I'm bored 
got bored went back to ZOMBIE FACE ! 
Dead by Sunrise tonight :D 
okay the gigs tomorrow damit 
i think i peed on Daniel's house . oops . sorry dude 
newfags cant triforce 
why have ninjas stolen my ninja socks just before i go out ? 
doing the macarana outside namco arcade = win 
now with metal in his ear 
* not dead 
why try to stay sober ? 
should I get a piercing ? 
well today is turning out to be booring 
right hand .. you do all of my favorite things i love you 
send in the ninjas 
unnecessary dairy overlap 
everyone who reads this is officially a legend 
is wondering if i should go to this rave tonight 
400 words 
Ross ' Ramirez ' Jenkins should come to kingston on his day off 
my facebook is in pirate 
im creeped out and confused 
peanut butter jelly time ? 
wtf ? since when did i have smile . jpg ? 
OK I have abosolutely no Idea how I got home , all i remember is getting offf aat old victo = ria hospital 
could someone explain where this rumor about me has come from ? 
silent rave ! 
if two wrongs don't make a right then how come two negatives make a positive 
well that flash mob epically failed 
nao ping ping died 
I cant control my sights , how the hell did I get here , something about this so very wrong ( 8 ) 
GET OFF MY LAWN ! 
fuck this I'm having a nap 
well thats my life well and truly fucked :D 
about to have the house to myself :) but I have NOTHING to do or drink or anyone to do it with :( 
who wants a beard growing competition ? 
I haven't eaten in two days and im covered In cuts and bruises ( Y ) 
damn lymie weather 
steam on ps3 ... win 
a guy got arrested for trying to buy a 360 with two ounces of weed . fucking stoners . 
lets do some serious research , in a brewery :D 
when life gives you lemons you make apple juice and leave everyone wondering how the fuck you did it 
flying horses in red dead ? wtf 
im going to put my trampoline back up :) 
get back to the cupboard ! 
damn exam clashes , two exams at the same time :| 
blaring the lnely island in apple store :P 
There is no Justice . There is only me . 
I win 
reading line up is SHIT only three good bands 
well thanks facebook for telling me about the party thats happening tomorow when the invite is sent before im at my dads :) 
why worry ? its to late now . 
chicken , bacon , sausage , marmite and crisps = best manwich ever 
I'm back 
tube fare to Waterloo- £1.80 food-apparently £15 sobering up covered in mud with to idea where you are or why you are there-priceless 
Ultimately , pyramids are proof that if you have enough time and slave labor on your hands , you can fuck with stupid people way after you're already dead . 
We are bad guys . That means we've got more to do other than bullying companies . It's fun to lead a bad man's life . - Monster with 21 Faces . 
FUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKK damn it 
nomnomnomnom , nonomnomnom , nomnomnomnom , nomnom , nomnom , nomnom , nomnom , nomnomnomnomnom , nomnomnomnomnom , nomnomnomnomnom 
zombieland is EPIC 
mm , agh , wee , scdush 
repeat 
no regrets ; no remorse 
in apple store again 
A 22 secon fart that changes note 4 times and forces the dog to leave the room . 
Laugh self to sleep . 
got the new castlevania today and its awesome 
aww come on I'm not even fat and I break chairs 
my new suit is awesome ? 
ok brown sauce is not " close enough " to tomato sauce .... 
ow brain ... melting 
now has awesome coat 
has level 0 alakazam :P 
boored in apple store again 
... it looks like a cross between a rat and prince charles ... 
sod it , I'm gonna get to know that bottle of vodka in my room . maybe we can be friends . 
the new youtube layout is shit 
why did everyone leave so early today ? 
my little brother now has facebook . time to learn to hack . 
monoploly with sean and jared :) 
reading festivals server has timed out 
skull mask 
ironically the only bits i remember from yesterday are people telling me that I'm not going to remember this 
awesome coat coming this week ! 
volume on my computer just died 
a wizards staff has a knob on the a knob on the end 
booring 2:04 in the morning and Im sober :P 
22 hours of being awake , how do you spell conchousnes ? 
if your 555 I'm 666 
by facebook is broken 
I want to burn something .... 
LIKE A SHADOW IN OUR BLOOD 
can facebook stop trying to show me photos on other peoples profiles for events that i wasn't there for please that would be brilliant 
IM FREE ! fuck yeah 
NO SOUP FOR YOU ! 
PSN wont give my trophies :( 
What do you get if you insert human DNA into a goat ? 
Banned from the petting zoo . 
why does my facebook not work properly anymore ? 
watchin dr who 
CAN I PLAY WITH MADNESS ? 
I want to carve my name into the moon 
everytime time i see you i smile .... when you walk i cant stop staring ... when you speak i giggle .... for some reason retards amuse the fuck out of me ! 
I am seriously a fucking ninja 
damn surveys 
(^^^) omnomnomnomnomnomnom 
this kate person got owned 
thamesfuckingfestival 
ugh physics work to do :S 
i'm to sober 
OW kink in my fucking neck 
haha zeeshan 
ok free friday and cant decide what to do .. any suggestions 
I need some thermochromatic ink 
does anyone know who 07772077385 is the the number of ? because they called me twice last night when i was asleep 
I can fake with the best of anyone , I can fake with the best of them all , I can fake with the best of anyone , I can fake it all . 
I got sent one of those chain mails today and didn't pass it on . Apparently now a little girl's going to come into my room when i'm almost a sleep and haunt me . Well folks , looks like i'm getting laid tonight . 
ah drunk texts . who did I send them to ? 
house of leaves get :) 
Tom Costain 13/05/13 expect us 
fuck conclusions . i cant fucking write them . 
zuzamen 
I now have a gif as my background :) 
portal is free on steam 
now has the lonely island album :) 
home alone and none to talk to :( 
4 fucking hours in an exam room , fuck you AQA 
You know the women that say : 
" Why are hot guys always jerks , the nice guys always taken , and the hot and nice guys always gay ? " 

You're fat . Stop making fucking excuses . 
listnin me some death metal 
maths cou .. rse ... wo .. rk ? what is this faggotory ? 
bugger , well that text went to the wrong person soz Cameron it was meant for chriss 
well my webcam is shit 
2 exams on the same fucking day =| 
FUCKING kettles 
Woke up , Its still dark outside . 
Realized its four in the afternoon in winter 
i dont like waking up at 7 
BUTSCRATCHAS ! 
learning command prompt :) 
i just had my teeth polished 
apples om nom nom 
why do people want to riot if the tories get in ? Its not like rioting will change anything ... 
apple store again :P 
the deadly assassin outfit is epic 
tommy had a stomach ache but he doesn't any more because what he thought was H2O was H2SO4 
Sami Maxwell Greenfield-Metin you still have my pads 
fuck this chair 
ggmnfhphugh 
ok computer not making sounds ... speakers on ... volume on ... what the fuck is wrong ? 
lol my little brother has justin beiber on his phone 
has red dead redemption :) thanks Reece Lawlor you're a legend 
i need to talk to someone , just anyone realy 
why is there only one beer in my house ? and no damn vodka ! 
fucking ear . healed then oh noes i'm gonna go and get infected . the bastard . 
22nd of june , outlaws to the end release date :) 
chop suey omnomnom 
The unknown world that you deny . 
No priority . 
Cannot fail if you never start . 
How predictable . 
I want to know where did it end . 
For madness to start . 
Always the sceptic never the part . 
Introvertive/nondescriptive . 
It matters not , not . 
Look at the shell that is you . 
Empty , fragile , weak . 
Lost to Apathy 
why did my body wake me up at 8:30 ? i don't need to do anything today 
When im feeling down and need cheering up , i like to whistle . It makes the neighbours dog run to the end of his chain and choke himself . 
i think i have the best sunglasses ever 
agh Im dreaming while being completely conscious and its tripping me out 
when angels deserve to die 
hypogammglobulinaemia 
im working but im not working for any money ... fun .. bastards ... 
someone bring alcohol to my house now plox 
according to the internet I'm a sociopath 
dull , airports are dull 
according to the internet I have an IQ of 124 
being a ninja on the scaffolding behind my house :D 
does anyone want to go sonisphere this year ? tickets are £40 for friday day tickets , £65 for Saturday day tickets and £65 for sunday day tickets , weekend tickets are £132.50 - £157.50 . 
dead babies make me laugh 
the ending of red dead just pissed me off 
greet the day . 
BY PUNCHING THE SUN . 
well I didn't just go klepto on this house I'm clearing out 
coursework :( 
someone needs to make me a sammich . 
ok , apparently im admin for the october mcm expo 
sausage rolls om nom nom 
chris , andrew and rory can wake the fuck up . 
trampoline boing boing boing :) 
its been 32 hours since I slept last , Im not tired anymore 
.................................. 
______________¶___ 
| The STFU Truck ||l "" | "" \__ , 
_| _____________|||__|__|__|] 
(@) @) *********(@) (@)** (@ . 
badgerbadgerbadgerbadgerbadgerbadgerbadgerbadgerbadger MUSHROOM MUSHROOM badgerbadgerbadgerbadgerbadgerbadgerbadgerbadgerbadger MUSHROOM MUSHROOM 
well yesterday was unexpected . Started up at hyde park then ended up at gay pride 
you always know when its been a good night when you try to take a nap and someone sets you on fire . 
why does weepinbell look like a giant yellow condom ? 
I play doctor for five minutes flat 
Before I cut my heart open ... and let the air out 
Three bugs , a pound of dust 
Some wind spilled before me 
In the strangest manner that had 
Broke away my tear spout 
I created the sound of madness 
Wrote the book on pain 
Somehow I'm still here to explain 
lol frape \/ 
So this is my life : 
I get to work and theres this woman , shes the most beautiful person ive ever seen , but my god shes pretty fucking stupid . 
Then theres this other girl who can solve any problem in a split second , but shes so ugly . 
But it gets worse , theres this dude who comes in high every morning but not only that , he brings a fucking great dane in with him , 
And we go round in a green van solving mysteries . 
poke poke poke 
( > ^.^ ( > O_o ) > 
no fear , destination darkness 
mondays :) . i now have fuck all to do . 
fake it if your out of direction 
face it if you don't belong here 
fake it if yo feel like affection 
whoa your such a fucking hypocrite yeah 
well south-bank is weird at 5 o'clock in the morning 
why am i in such a good mood ? seriously what the fuck 
ring ring ring ring my ears go ! yes I'm awake at 0549 , no I'm not tired , yes I will be at hyde park later 
who shaved my dog ? 
The answer is not simple , and the question has already been asked . 
The answer is three words , the first one begins with w 
Answer 
well done parents now I have to get a new email account . :| 
hey look at this ( points at picture ) 
invisible jetski ... he has one ... where is it ? 
everything has its price ..... 
well facebook seems to be adding friends for me without telling me . on a related note who the fuck is broke morton ? 
O_o i've been invited to a black mass . wtff ? 
Roses are red 
nuts are round 
skirts are up 
panties are down 
belly to belly 
skin to skin 
when its stiff 
stick it in 
who are you ? god 
you mean the god ? the one and only 
why are you in our wall ? to eat your cat 
why does justin beiber come up when I search for One ? 
play russian roulette , use a luger . 
I'm one of those people who likes to read while im having a shit . 
Which is why i have been banned from WH Smiths , Waterstones and my local newsagents . 
home alone ... with no FUCKING alcohol ... 
code yellow-Gypsies 
inception ftw , same with toy story 3 but less 
well clearing out dead peoples houses is fun 
I'm going to poke you in a minute , whether it's with my penis or with this knife . Now get in the fucking van . 
SUMMER IN THE FUCKING CITY 
Medorthophobia-Fear of erect penises 
:D 
its better to burn out than fade away 
new castlevania ftw :D 
hey does enyone know if anything is happening on the 29th ? 
Inherent omniscience - the ability to know anything that one chooses to know and can be known 
No you don't kill me . I kill me . And you . 
just orderd my new longboard :D 
excuse me while I set fire to your face 
i might of just brocken my DS :S 
whatcha gonna do ? 
cuz I'm not afraid of you 
I'm everything you'll never be . 
wheres the cake ? i was told there would be cake . the cake is a lie . 
happy face :) 
trying to teach myself russian ..... 
I was walking through the cemetery this morning and saw a guy crouching down behind a tombstone . I said , " Morning . " he said , " No , just taking a shit " . 
A female dwarf goes to the doctors complaining of a sore fanny . Doctor gets some scissors out and snips around a bit and asks if that's better ? Dwarf says " that feels brilliant , what did you do ?. Doctor replied " i've trimmed the top off your wellies " . 
and at the end of fear ... oblivion 
if life gives you lemons , something something commit felonies . 
My neighbours three year old daughter has been screaming non stop for the last two hours and it's really starting to do my head in . 
So much so , I'm going to give her back . 
How have I not passed out yet ? 
my mum stole my vodka and coke ! 
is everyone blind or something ? the font is fine 
RAVE ! 
screw all you fucking doubters , I'm Sander Fucking Cohen ! 
now has free texts 
college : get a reference from your last school or college 
called school : no answer 
called college : no answer 
why doesn't anyone pick up the damn phone ? 
my printer is a bastard 
I need to see avenue q , anyone want to come with ? £20 on a friday if you bring a student id 
BTEC next year 
my package of awesome will arrive in 3-5 days 
thamesfestivalthamesfestivalthamesfestivalthemaesfestivalthamesfestivalthamesfestivalthamesfestival 
what's with all these posts about fb being down ? 
click on My Computer 
click on C : 
click on Media 
click on Onestop 
don't question ; listen 
rawr i'ma clown 
HADOUKEN ! 
bye london 
ok doing the running man on stairs = pain 
I just love the smell of grannies cooking . 
Thats why I torched the old peoples home . 
HILLY WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 
thames festival was better last year :( 
apparently im not allowed to get rid of the ohgodno in my name anymore ... 
well I suddenly like mondays 
duke nukem's WHIZZLE TITS 
when you put whiskey into coffee it makes it irish right ? so if you put vodka into it does it make it russian ? 
Tom Costain I win , It was your fault not mine , you really fucked it up this time , didn't I mind dear didn't I mind . 
it better not be raining all day 
my room stinks of vodka 
ok physics done . can i go to bed now ? 
i just saw the entire of rammstein naked ...... 
avenue q tickets £20 on fridays if you have a student Id . anyone want to come with ? 
ound my ipod yay all is good again 
A computer once beat me at chess , but it was no match for me at kick boxing . 
because im apparently a supervillan .... 
part 3 of the sacrifice is out now 
i appear to have shat myself 
im trying to find a way to put the word pikachurin into my biochem coursework any questions ? 
We were the kings and queens of promise 
We were the victims of ourselves 
Maybe the children of a lesser God 
Between Heaven and Hell 
Heaven and Hell 
anyone want to do something this weekend ? 
my house is leaking ... 
shoryuken ! 
watch out its poooooooooooooooo 
GET IN MAH BELLEH 
roses are red 
violets are blue 
in soviet russia 
poem writes you 
BOOM BOOM , yes fireworks night was a week ago get over it . 
Violets are blue 
I have Alzheimers 
Cheese on toast 
russian tea ftw 
Sah ein Mädchen ein Röslein stehen 
Blühte dort in lichten Höhen 
So sprach sie ihren Liebsten an 
Ob er es ihr steigen kann 
ffs im trying to work 
why are there so many techno remixes of songs on youtube ? 
you cant eat me I'm Howard Moooooooooon ! 
zombies in red dead redemption ? ftw 
being single sucks . 
The fuck ? are we french now ? i didn't get the memo 
why be a rasin when you can be a grape ? 
PHILIP MICHAL HUNT 
why do people keep telling me to press F13 . I dont even have an F13 . 
need ... caffinee ... 
just spamming forumspring much . 
If it wasbt for physics abd law enforcement I'd be unstopable 
does anyone want to come and see Funeral For A Friend , The Blackout , Canterbury at the borderline on the 13th of febuary , I think i can get hold of a pair of tickets 
get to college and theres a note on the dor saying that i didnt actualy have to come in in the first placce :/ 
if men can helicopter can women chinook ? 
so i guess thats me out of going to uni :| 
All this zombie nonsense is going to cause an awesome wave of dementia in about 60 years . 
oh shit tomorows monday ! 
just kidding I get mondays off 
he is we ? 
probably a good idea to get out of bed now ... 
STOP YOPU BITCH ASS WHINING ABOUT THE FUCKING TELEVISION 
VODKA AND COKE FTW 
fucking magnets 
Have you ever been so drunk you assaulted a man with waterfowl ? 
yay my internet is back ? 
all the pictyures on my phone have gone :( 
shit missed tramadol nights . 
VODKA TIEM ! 
my friendly haze is back :) 
loving the way facebook is telling me about whos commenting on my stuff > | 
just set fire to an orange 
just melted a bannana 
home alone and living off pasta :D 
thinking of getting a longboard ... 
IVE GOT MY LONGBOARD IVE GOT MY LONGBOARD IVE GOT MY LONGBOARD IVE GOT MY LONGBOARD IVE GOT MY LONGBOARD IVE GOT MY LONGBOARD IVE GOT MY LONGBOARD IVE GOT MY LONGBOARD IVE GOT MY LONGBOARD IVE GOT MY LONGBOARD 
its not discrimintaion if you insult everyone 
its valentines day ? 
OW falling off longboards hurts 
yay no colege :) but i have fuck all to doo 
welllast night was unexpected ... 
someone entertain me 
:P 
I think my knees infected ... 
going into kingston tomorow , does anyone want to come with ? 
RUM ! 
Im thinking about getting a mohawk done , what do you think ? 
shit were running out of Helium , Tiquila and Chocolate , BUT THERE ALL MY FAVORITE THINGS ! 
" Fucking " is a fucking word that can be fucking put anyfuckingwhere in a fucking sentence and fucking still make fucking sense . 
My eldest daughter is named Summer , as she is my ray of sunshine . 
My youngest daughter is called Spring , as she gives hope of what is to come . 
And my son is called Autumn , as he has Down's syndrome and keeps falling out of trees . 
ABSOLUT RUBY RED ! 
just woke up . Apparently I have a nocturnal sleep cycle now 
fucking cat ninjad my meat 
voldemort loves his soul so much he put a ring on it 
Do you feel blame ? Are you mad ? Uh , do you feel like wolf kabob Roth vantage ? Gefrannis booj pooch boo jujube ; bear-ramage . Jigiji geeji geeja geeble regoogle . Begep rebagle flagaggle vaggle veditch-waggle bagga ? 
fuck . what day is it ? 
#96 allows you to use the PA systemm in wall-marts , just in cas you wanted to know 
PENISCOLA 
why doesnt nail varnish come off ? 
lol burt 
are you Bipolar ? 
Im biWINING 
vevo just blocked a song from their own playlist because it contained content from vevo , the fuck ? 
vajazzling- my new favorite word 
thc is soluble in fats and oils . just a random fact . 
unnnghhh haaangover :( 
stacy wont make me a sammich 
im all bored now :( 
at do you get if you drop a bag of maltesers at a weightwatchers meeting ? 
A real life game of hungry hungry hippos . 
mtherfukun pirates ! 
fuck i missed saint patrics day 
600 words to go 
I dare you to tell me to walk through fire 
wear my soul and call me a liar 
I thought I had three pairs of jeans . Turns out I have four and two just loook exactly the same : ? 
bored bored bored bored bored bored bored cord dord eord ford gord hoard iord jord kord lord mord nord oord pord quord rord sord tord uord vord word xord yord zord oh yeah and aord 
eat napalm 
shit the sun 
apparently the clocks have changed . does anyone have any idea what time it is ? 
Billy Sanderson George Strange StaCey LvzMuzic Woods Ross ' Ramirez ' Jenkins we need to do this The Royal Wedding Drinking Game . 29/4/2011 . 
well today was productive , i paintedf the cewling and i think im high of paint fumes 
my studs stuck in my ear :/ 
just cut my hair 
you dont know how tempting it is to dye my pubes purple :D 
this new earing is pissing me off 
facebook where the fuck did you put my photo ? 
are you tired ? cause youve been running through my mind all night . 
screaming . 
fuck thats a lot of visieos . StaCey LvzMuzic Woods 
in order to attain the impossibke one must attempt the absurd . Miguel de Unamuno ( 1864-1936 ) 
finished p9 , just have to do p8 and im done for the day :D 
apparently i just learnt to undo bras :D 
best night ever 
who wrote anal on my back ? and on my arm ? 
making a steak manwich 
apparently i have more dick jokes than a gay guy 
we all create stories to protect ourselves 
fuck these question things they dont bloody work 
might get a morphsuit mofo 
i need booze :/ 
well the good news is that ive finaly got anal scrubbed off my back , 
the bad news being by back is now blue 
my shoulder is cramping :/ 
gruuubbbgllyggghyygggjewcakesarsebuiscit 
IM COOKING SAMOSAS 
It amusing speech recognition into beginning to annoy me 
DOES ANYONE HAVE ANYONE KNOW WHAT THE FUCK " You must show evidence of the method used even if a computer program did the calculations . " MEANS AND HOW THE FUCK IT IS DONE ? shit thats all caps 
£5 SAYS YOUR LEFS DRUNK THANMJME 
god im bored 
these guys realy take hide and seek seriosly dont they ? 
hows osama going to count to 100 now ? 
damn videobb being a dick :/ 
