Back from a Welcome Home party for my cousins ( Father & Son ) who are home from serving in Iraq . So very proud of both of them . Wayne Wirfel ( my cousin's husband ) was on the front cover of the Sunday Patriot News & the Carlisle Sentinel . LOVE YOU GUYS !!!!!!!!!!!! 
A CLOSED MIND IS A WONDERFUL THING TO LOSE . 
Congratulations to President Obama for being awarded the Nobel Peace Prize . 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
Getting ready for work . I HAVE 85 NEW HANDBAGS TO SELL as well as new fall jewelry . 
Let's see how honest FB friends are ... leave a ONE WORD comment that you think best describes me . It can be only one word . No more . Then copy and paste this on your wall so that I may leave one word about you .... 
Nice day off . Took Gretel for a walk , trees were so pretty . Worked out and then Joey & I took Gretel to the Dog Park . We had so much fun :D 
Had to so much fun at THE RIVER 97.3 TOYS FOR TOTS BENEFIT at ABC . Darcie Miner , The Jellybricks , Nate Myers & the Aces , and the Martini Brothers were AWESOME !!! So much talent in little old Harrisburg , amazing !!! 
IN LOVING MEMORY OF MY SWEET FATHER , JESSE EDWARD HAFFLY DECEMBER 31 , 1926 - NOVEMBER 3 , 1987 . Still miss him , always will . 
Nice day with the fam !! Brunch , walk with Gretel , then watched some football . Joey was thrilled that his Bengals stomped all over my Steelers :( 
Many , in the past few days myself included , have grumbled , " What has he done to earn this prize ? " How ' bout this : The simple fact that he was elected was reason enough for him to be the recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize . Because on that day the murderous actions of the Bush/Cheney years were totally & thoroughly rebuked . One man - a man who opposed the War in Iraq from the beginning - offered to end the insanity . 
What a beautiful day !!! Going to take Gretel for a nice long walk , she loves this weather :D 
Watching Biggest Loser Finale , the contestants are truly inspiring !! I better start losing big because I have the meanest , badass trainer in Harrisburg , LOL !!!! 
Did some great self therapy : Sent hubby and kids to movies , cranked favorite music as loud as I could stand it & danced & sang like no one was watching . Even danced on the coffee table ( very sturdy ) !! I have reconnected with my inner badass , look out world - I'm kick'in ass & taking names later !!! LOL !!! 
Four years ago tonight , we brought home a sweet little 7 week old puppy who is now our beloved Gretel : ) She will be my photo of the day ( I know , so what else is new , lol !! ) . 
Feeling the Christmas spirit : ) Going out to deliver some presents today , LOVE doing that 
In loving memory of my dear , sweet father , Jesse Edward Haffly 12/31/1926 -11/3/1987 . I remember him always saying " Don't sweat the small stuff Kid " . I am going to try to carry that with me into the New Year : ) 
I love Facebook !!! Reconnecting with friends I have not seen in a long time , what an awesome way to keep in touch especially for a non-social person like me , LOL !!!! 
Merry Christmas to all my Facebook family & friends !!! Wishing everyone peace , love , and happiness . I am truly blessed to have you all in my life xoxo : ) 
Heading out to my first Spin Class , not to sure about this !! Hope I like it : ) 
I make mistakes , I am out of control and at times hard to handle . But if you can't handle me at my worst , then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best . " Marilyn Monroe . 
Had a wonderful afternoon and evening visiting with my Sis-in-law and her boyfriend . Lots of laughs !!! Great company !!! They are heading down to Florida for the winter , lucky them : ) Good time to get outta Dodge !! 
Off to yoga class : ) Namaste . 
Just enjoyed indulging in a little retail therapy from the comfort of my warm cozy bed . Aaaahhh , life is good : ) 
Heading out to yoga class . It is the only exercise I actually look forward to and enjoy !!!! Namaste : ) 
Enjoyed a great yoga class this morning and now plan on staying in and getting cozy : ) 
Way to go Saints !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Heading out to yoga class for 75 minutes of Sun Salutations : ) NAMASTE . 
Well , off to my third spin class - wish me luck !!! 
YES WE CAN !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Darkness cannot drive out darkness ; only light can do that . Hate cannot drive out hate ; only love can do that . - Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. 
Pants on the ground , pants on the ground , lookin ' like a fool wit your pants on the ground , LOL !!!!! 
GO SAINTS !!!!!! 
" In Scotland , there is no such thing as bad weather - only the wrong clothes . " - Billy Connelly 
What the heck is up with these Idol judges ??????? Cannot believe they sent Melissa , the country girl home , BIG MISTAKE . That girl is a modern day Lorretta Lynn !! 
Watching The Break-Up with Jennifer Aniston & Vince Vaughn . Love the ending , I think they get back together :D Jennifer Aniston is my " girl crush " , love her :D 
" If only we can overcome cruelty , to human and animal , with love and compassion we shall stand at the threshold of a new era in human moral and spiritual evolution - and realize , at last , our most unique quality : humanity . " - Jane Goodall , Author of Reason for Hope 
" Rescuing someone who is actively practicing addiction of some kind , is enabling . It is dysfunctional because it supports the person in continuing to practice their addiction . Helping someone to continue to self destruct is not support , it is codependency - it is also not Loving . " 
SO touched that my sweet husband went above & beyond to get my favorite candy , MATANGO'S almond paste . This is my Mom's favorite candy too & my Dad always got it for her for VDay . When Jimmy went to the East Mall , he found they were no longer there so he had to go to their original store on Catherine St. ( now the Hood ) & that is where my Dad used to get it for my Mom ! Sappy I guess , but it means alot to me . 
go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Copy this in your status and what Urban Dictionary says about your name in the first comment . 
" What is objectionable , what is dangerous about extremists , is not that they are extreme , but that they are intolerant . The evil is not what they say about their cause , but what they say about their opponents . " - Robert Kennedy 
Fear binds the world . Forgiveness sets it free . ( p . 458 ) A Course in Miracles 
SO happy for the Saints - WOO-HOO !!! Love New Orleans , would love to be on Bourbon Street tonight !!!! 
Surrendering means , by definition , giving up attachment to results . When we surrender to God , we let go of our attachment to how things happen on the outside and we become more concerned with what happens on the inside . ~ Marianne Williamson 
Feeling 100% percent better , YAY !!! Schmoop and I shoveled the driveway together so at least I got ONE workout in this week . Now , let the snuggling begin ... 
When we are angry or depressed in our creativity , we have misplaced our power . We have allowed someone else to determine our worth , and then we are angry at being undervalued . ~ Julia Margaret Cameron 
“Without an understanding of myth or religion , without an understanding of the relationship between destruction and creation , death and rebirth , the individual suffers the mysteries of life as meaningless mayhem alone . ” - Marion Woodman 
" It is better to light a candle than curse the darkness . " - Eleanor Roosevelt 
" Drop the cross . Embrace the sky . " ~ Marianne Williamson ( Miracles at Midlife ) 
“The truth is that our finest moments are most likely to occur when we are feeling deeply uncomfortable , unhappy , or unfulfilled . For it is only in such moments , propelled by our discomfort , that we are likely to step out of our ruts and start searching for different ways or truer answers . ” - M . Scott Peck 
" Insanity in individuals is something rare - but in groups , parties , nations and epochs , it is the rule . " - Friedrich Nietzsche 
“Personal transformation can and does have global effects . As we go , so goes the world , for the world is us . The revolution that will save the world is ultimately a personal one . ” ~~~ Marianne Williamson 
St. Patrick's Day is an enchanted time - a day to begin transforming winter's dreams into summer's magic . ~~~ Adrienne Cook 
On Sunday , went to the cemetery where my Dad & Nan are buried . It is a really old small country church in Plainfield , PA . We went to three others before we found it . It had been 10 years since I had been there . It was so pretty and peaceful there , found a sense of peace I did not expect to find . 
Just finished watching the Susan Boyle Story . What an inspiration , life truly can change on a dime !!! Good to remember . 
Everyone we meet either reminds us of our guilt or reminds us of our innocence , depending on how WE choose to see THEM . ~~~ ( ACIM ) 
Leaving soon to workout with Lt . Lindsay then off to see It's Complicated at the Annville Theatre with some great friends : ) 
The lies you live become you , the love you lose it numbs you , don't let it take the fight outta you . ~~~ Ben Harper 
~ Say not ; ' I have found the truth ' , but rather ; ' I have found a truth . ' Say not ; ' I have found the path of the soul . Say rather , ' I have met the soul walking upon my path . ' For the Soul walks upon all paths . The Soul walks not upon a line , neither does it grow like a reed .. The Soul unfolds itself like a lotus of coun ... tless petals ... ~ Kahil Gibran ~ 
STILL sick , UGH !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Copy this in your status and what Urban Dictionary says about your name : Carlynn means " small and womanly " often mispronounced , correct pronunciation : CAR ( as in the thing your drive ) LIN ( as you would say for Brooklyn ) the emphasis is on CAR , not LYNN . so-CARlynn , not carLYNN . Damn , look at Carlynn's ass .. NICE ASS CARLYNN 
SO BLESSED to have a kind , generous neighbor with a snow blower . WE LOVE YOU ROD MILLER !!!!! 
" Any fool can criticize , condemn & complain & most fools do . " ~ Benjamin Franklin 
" Do not worry if you feel low ; the sun has a sinking spell every night , but rises again all right the next morning . " ~ Unknown 
“Courage doesn't always roar . Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying , " I will try again tomorrow . ” ~ Mary Anne Radmacher 
" EVERYONE'S PHONE NUMBER IS NOW ON FACE BOOK !! NO JOKE ... Go 2 the top right of your screen , click Account then Edit Friends . Go 2 the left side of your screen & click Phonebook . Everyone's phone numbers are now being published . Please re-post to let your friends know this is happening so they can remove their numbers by changing their privacy settings . ( Privacy Settings-Phone-Customize-Only Me ) " 
" It is not so difficult a task to plant new truths , as to root out old errors ; for there is this paradox in men , they run after that which is new , but are prejudiced in favour of that which is old . " ~ CHARLES CALEB COLTON 
" Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding . " ~ Kahlil Gibran 
There comes a time in life , when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it . You surround yourself with people who make you laugh , forget the bad , and focus on the good . So , love the people who treat you right , pray for the ones who don't . Life is too short to be anything but happy . Falling down is a part of LIFE , getting back up is LIVING . 
“Love comes when manipulation stops ; when you think more about the other person than about his or her reactions to you . When you dare to reveal yourself fully . When you dare to be vulnerable . ” ~ Dr. Joyce Brothers 
“A blessed thing it is for any man or woman to have a friend , one human soul whom we can trust utterly , who knows the best and worst of us , and who loves us in spite of all our faults . ” ~ Charles Kingsley 
" Try to realize it's all within yourself no one else can make you change , and to see you're only very small and life flows on within you and without you . ” ~ George Harrison 
Unperfect . That's what you can call me . After all I am me , and don't fit a certain category . I'm just a girl who lives life day by day and always manages to put a smile on my face . Even if that day I'm a complete mess . ~ Unknown 
" A dame that knows the ropes isn't likely to get tied up . " ~ Mae West 
" Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else ; you are the one who gets burned . " ~ Buddha 
" I believe that everything happens for a reason . People change so that you can learn to let go , things go wrong so that you appreciate them when they're right , you believe lies so you eventually learn to trust no one but yourself , and sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together . " ~ Marilyn Monroe <3 
" You change for two reasons : Either you learn enough that you want to or you've been hurt enough that you have to . " ~ Unknown 
" I love people who make me laugh . I honestly think it's the thing I like most , to laugh . It cures a multitude of ills . It's probably the most important thing in a person . ” ~ Audrey Hepburn <3 
“All changes , even the most longed for , have their melancholy ; for what we leave behind us is a part of ourselves ; we must die to one life before we can enter another . " ~ Anatole France 
" We laughed until we had to cry , we loved right down to our last goodbye , but over the years we'll smile and recall for just one moment we had it all . " ~ Tigress Luv 
" We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations . ” ~ Charles R . Swindoll 
" Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit . " ~ Bern Williams 
" Patriot : the person who can holler the loudest without knowing what he is hollering about . " ~ Mark Twain 
Love is stronger than death even though it can't stop death from happening , but 
no matter how hard death tries it can't separate people from love . It can't take 
away our memories either . In the end , love is stronger than death . - Unknown 
Marriages move from one season to another . We find ourselves in Winter-discouraged , detached , dissatisfied ; Spring comes with openness , hope , anticipation . At times we bask in the warmth of Summer-comfortable , relaxed , enjoying life . And then comes Fall with its uncertainty , negligence , apprehension . The cycle repeats many times throughout the life of a marriage , just as the seasons repeat themselves in nature . 
Alcohol is necessary for a man so that he can have a good opinion of himself , undisturbed by the facts . – Finley Peter Dunne 
“The sudden disappointment of a hope leaves a scar which the ultimate fulfillment of that hope never entirely removes . ” ~ Thomas Hardy 
“Be humble , for the worst thing in the world is of the same stuff as you ; be confident , for the stars are of the same stuff as you . ” ~ Nicholai Velimirovic 
" An open ear is the only believable sign of an open heart . " ~ David Augsburger 
The way I see it , if you want the rainbow , you gotta put up with the rain . – Dolly Parton 
" When people say , ' She's got everything ' , I've got one answer - I haven't had tomorrow . " ~ Elizabeth Taylor <3 
" If it is not to make the world better what is money for ? " ~ Elizabeth Taylor 
“You can close your eyes to the things you do not want to see , but you cannot close your heart to the things you do not want to feel . ” ~ Unknown 
" Not respecting yourself , is the same as committing suicide at a slow rate . " ~ Unknown 
" Human beings should only use technology which if the worst case happens , it leads to an acceptable damage . Definitely nuclear energy is not in that category . I want an industrial world where people are allowed to make errors . Because human creativity has to do with being allowed to make errors . We want an error-friendly environment . " ~ Hans-Peter Dürr 
" You were born an original , don't die a copy . " ~ John Mason 
" Maybe the past is like an anchor holding us back . Maybe , you have to let go of who you were to become who you will be . " ~ Carrie Bradshaw 
" I don't judge others . I say if you feel good with what you're doing , let your freak flag fly . " ~ Sarah Jessica Parker 
Keep telling myself that it's all gOod and I'm happy being misunderstOod ; ) 
Without accepting the fact that everything changes , we cannot find perfect composure . But unfortunately , although it is true , it is difficult for us to accept it . Because we cannot accept the truth of transience , we suffer . ~ Shunryu Suzuki 
" One of the most courageous things we do is take responsibility for dealing with our ' stuff ' so we do not allow it to adversely affect those we say we love . " - Regina Romancing Your Soul 
" I believe in God , but not as one thing , 
not as an old man in the sky . 
I believe that what people call God 
is something in all of us . 
I believe that what Jesus and Mohammed 
and Buddha and all the rest said was right . 
It's just that the translations have gone wrong . " 
~ John Lennon 
The individual is capable of both great compassion and great indifference . He has it within his means to nourish the former and outgrow the latter . " ~ Norman Cousins 
“As we speed along this endless road to the destination called who we hope to be , I can't help but whine , ' ARE WE THERE YET ? ' " ~ Carrie Bradshaw 
Mom came through the operation with flying colors !!!! Thank you for all of your thoughts and prayers xoxo . So grateful to have my Pea ( that is what I call my Mom ) back :D 
" Religion . It's given people hope in a world torn apart by religion . " ~ Jon Stewart 
“Do your little bit of good where you are ; its those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world . ” - Desmund Tutu 
As we let our light shine , we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same . As we are liberated from our own fear , our presence actually liberates others . ~~~ Marianne Williamson 
“Don't rely on someone else for your happiness and self worth . Only you can be responsible for that . If you can't love and respect yourself - no one else will be able to make that happen . Accept who you are - completely ; the good and the bad - and make changes as YOU see fit - not because you think someone else wants you to be different . ” ~ Stacey Charter 
Forgiveness is not always easy . At times , it feels more painful than the wound we suffered , to forgive the one that inflicted it . And yet , there is no peace without forgiveness . ~~~ Marianne Williamson 
You can no more win a war than you can win an earthquake . ~ Jeannette Rankin , First Woman Member of Congress 
" You may believe that you are responsible for what you do , but not for what you think . The truth is that you are responsible for what you think , because it is only at this level that you can exercise choice . What you do comes from what you think . " 
~ Marianne Williamson ( A Return to Love : Reflections on the Principles of " A Course in Miracles " ) 
God does not give you victory in battle ; He lifts you above the battlefield . ( ACIM ) 
" Beginnings are scary . Endings are usually sad , but it's what's in the middle that counts . So , when you find yourself at the beginning , just give hope a chance to float up . And it will . " 
~ Birdee Pruitt ( Sandra Bullock ) from the movie Hope Floats 
Well , so much for " DRILL BABY , DRILL " , idiots !!! 
We will discover the nature of our particular genius when we stop trying to conform to our own or to other people's models , learn to be ourselves , and allow our natural channel to open . ~~~ Shakti Gawain 
Barack Obama : " For the first time in our nation’s history , Congress has passed comprehensive health care reform . America waited a hundred years and fought for decades to reach this moment . Tonight , thanks to you , we are finally here . " 
" Never be bullied into silence . Never allow yourself to be made a victim . Accept no one's definition of your life ; define yourself . " .... Harvey Fierstein . 
Looking forward to seeing Darcie Miner perform at the River Birthday Bash at ABC tonight !!! I am going to be a total geek & ask her to sign my CD , lol !!!! 
One could say that going through loss is the great awakener . It is a potential opening if you don't run away from it . What is usually condemned as " bad " by the mind and the mind-made self is actually grace coming into your life . ~ Eckhart Tolle 
Gratitude unlocks the fullness of life . It turns what we have into enough , and more . It turns denial into acceptance , chaos to order , confusion to clarity . It can turn a meal into a feast , a house into a home , a stranger into a friend . Gratitude makes sense of our past , brings peace for today , and creates a vision for tomorrow . - Melody Beattie 
Great time at the RIVERS Birthday Bash !! Darcie Miner , Panacea & Jellybricks were awesome . We skipped the Badlees to go see James , stepson , make his debut in the band Mountain Road at Aces in Dauphin . They were REALLY good !! We had a great time : ) Now today is NAP DAY , getting too old for all this partying , lol : ) 
“Love is what we are born with . Fear is what we learn . The spiritual journey is the unlearning of fear and prejudices and the acceptance of love back in our hearts . Love is the essential reality and our purpose on earth . To be consciously aware of it , to experience love in ourselves and others , is the meaning of life . Meaning does not lie in things . Meaning lies in us . ” ~~~ Marianne Williamson 
" Every character has an inward spring ; let Christ be that spring . Every action has a keynote ; let Christ be that note , to which your whole life is attuned . " ~ Henry Drummond 
Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones , you'll start having positive results . ~ Willie Nelson 
The will of God will never take you where the grace of God will not protect you . 
If you don't like the new smaller FB font , hit ctrl and + key to increase the font size . Please re-post so others can fix their font .... :) thanks to Alannah Danielle 
Your crucifixion -- illness , financial woes , addiction , loss etc . -- is not the end of the story . Resurrection means love wins in the end . ~~~ Marianne Williamson 
And I don't want the world to see me Cause I don't think that they'd understand When everything's made to be broken I just want you to know who I am ... ( Iris the Goo Goo Dolls ) 
" Each friend represents a world in us , a world possibly not born until they arrive , and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born . " ~ Anais Nin 
The goal of spiritual practice is full recovery , and the only thing you need to recover from is a fractured sense of self . ~ ~ Marianne Williamson 
" He was like a cock who thought the sun had risen to hear him crow . " ~ George Eliot , Adam Bede , 1859 . Also my thoughts about Justin Bieber , ooops , I meant TOM BRADY ; P 
To the untold millions who knocked on doors and made phone calls , who organized and mobilized out of a firm conviction that change in this country comes not from the top down , but from the bottom up : this moment is possible because of you . ~~~ President Barack Obama 
" Maybe some women aren't meant to be tamed . Maybe they need to run free until they find someone just as wild to run with . " ~ Carrie Bradshaw ( one of my favorite Sex & The City episodes : ) 
" Don’t be reckless with other people’s hearts , and don’t put up with people that are reckless with yours . " ~ Kurt Vonnegut , Jr. HAPPY FRICKIN VALENTINE'S DAY ; ) 
We are not held back by the love we didn't receive in the past , but by the love we're not extending in the present . ~~~ Marianne Williamson 
I love sleep . My life has this tendency to fall apart when I'm awake . ~ ~ Unknown 
Dear God , Bless those who have given their lives for our country . May we remember them always with honor and love . May we , and the nation , be worthy of their sacrifice . May they rest peacefully now in heavenly bliss , the pain of war now far away . Amen ~ Marianne Williamson 
“To laugh often and much ; to win the respect of intelligent people and the affection of children ... to leave the world a better place ... to know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived . This is to have succeeded . ” - Ralph Waldo Emerson 
Oh , the jealousy , the greed is the unraveling . It's the unraveling and it undoes all the joy that could be . ~ Joni Mitchell 
Had a great time seeing Almost Grumpy at The Caddyshack , those guys are awesome !!! 
So nice to see some people we haven't seen in awhile and share lotz of laughs with my family : ) 
In times of darkness , be the light . In times of death , generate new life . In times of sorrow , be strong for someone else . ~~~ Marianne Williamson 
" Hope is itself a species of happiness , and , perhaps , the chief happiness which this world affords : but , like all other pleasures immoderately enjoyed , the excesses of hope must be expiated by pain ; and expectations improperly indulged must end in disappointment . " ~ Samuel Johnson 
Life loves to be taken by the lapel and told : " I'm with you kid . Let's go . " ” - Maya Angelou 
Please keep my dear friend Iris in your thoughts & prayers today . She buries her husband of 22 years , Tom , today . It is going to be a very difficult day for her . Any and all prayers will be appreciated . 
What a beautiful wedding !!! A good time was had by all , it truly could not have been a more perfect day . Many happy tears were shed . Congratulations to Mr. and Mrs. James and Jessica Clisham : ) Love you both very much xoxoxo 
Bittersweet lunch today with Iris & two dear friends . It will probably be the last time that they will see her before she leaves for the UK . Very grateful for the wonderful time , laughs , & memory : ) 
Had such an interesting morning & afternoon , went to Just Plain Yoga for a Mindfulness Meditation workshop with buddhist monk Bhante Sujatha . I must say that I have never met a buddhist monk before and did not know what to expect . What an incredible human being and he has a wonderful sense of humor . Truly a very special & significant day for me . 
“On the dogmas of religion , as distinguished from moral principles , all mankind , from the beginning of the world to this day , have been quarreling , fighting , burning and torturing one another , for abstractions unintelligible to themselves and to all others , and absolutely beyond the comprehension of the human mind . ” ~ Thomas Jefferson ( American 3rd US President ( 1801-09 ) . 
Your past is over ; it cannot touch you . Forgive all involved , including yourself . God specializes in new beginnings . ~~~ Marianne Williamson 
" The fruit of self-understanding is self acceptance . The fruit of self acceptance is self-love . The fruit of self-love is love for the world . The fruit of love for the world is service to the world . The fruit of service to the world is peace " ~ Russell Rowe 
All major religious traditions carry basically the same message , that is love , compassion and forgiveness ... the important thing is they should be part of our daily lives . 
~ The Dalai Lama 
However many holy words you read , however many you speak , what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them ? ~ Buddha 
Maturity includes the recognition that no one is going to see anything in us that we don't see in ourselves . Stop waiting for a producer . Produce yourself . ~ Marianne Williamson 
If we truly want Peace in the world then it has to start at home and in our hearts , and the key to Peace is to Forgive . Forgive everyone and yourself of all matters , because it's that f -- king Ego that's behind all of it . ~ Sandra Clisham Bartz 
Happy Mother's Day !!! I'm taking my Mumsy ( Iris ) to Aangan for some indian food a & then to a meditation class on Radical Self-Acceptance . Really need this , it sucks to be rejected , especially by yourself ; ) My little Pea ( my Mom ) is spending the day with my big Sis , love her !!!! 
Had an absolutely lovely afternoon at my soon to be Daughter-In-Law's Bridal shower . What an awesome group of ladies , so much fun : ) My Stepson is a lucky man but she is pretty lucky too , love them both : ) 
When sadness comes , just sit by the side and look at it and say , “I am the watcher , I am not sadness , ” and see the difference . Immediately you have cut the very root of sadness . It is no more nourished . It will die of starvation . We feed these emotions by being identified with them . 
~ Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh ( Indian Spiritual leader , 1931-1990 ) 
When you are sorrowful look again in your heart , and you shall see that in truth you are weeping for that which has been your delight . ~ Kahlil Gibran 
" Dogs are our link to paradise . They don't know evil or jealousy or discontent . To sit with a dog on a hillside on a glorious afternoon is to be back in Eden , where doing nothing was not boring -- it was peace . " - Milan Kundera 
“You cannot make yourself feel something you do not feel , but you can make yourself do right in spite of your feelings . ” ~ Pearl S . Buck 
Emotional manipulatators hide behind masks of love , concern & dedication , while using guilt , subtle anger & covert ploys to get their victims to do what they want . Maneuvering between that fine balance of skimpily giving to others but getting SO much more . Mastering others to believe they are doing everything for them while hiding their " what's in it for me " motives . 
My dear friend Iris , lost her husband today . REST IN PEACE THOMAS JOSESPH JURAN . 
I've got a right to be wrong , my mistakes will make me strong . I'm stepping out into the great unknown , I'm feeling wings though I've never flown . I've got a mind of my own , I'm flesh & blood to the bone , I'm not made of stone . Got a right to be wrong , so just leave me alone ... ~~~ lyrics from Right to be Wrong . 
Spiritual progress is like detoxification . Things have to come up in order to be released . Once we have asked to be healed , then our unhealed places are forced to the surface . ~ Marianne Williamson ~ 
Money is neither my god nor my devil . It is a form of energy that tends to make us more of who we already are , whether it's greedy or loving . ~ Dan Millman 
It is necessary to help others , not only in our prayers , but in our daily lives . If we find we cannot help others , the least we can do is to desist from harming them . ~ Dalai Lama 
" Make it a practice to judge persons and things in the most favorable light at all times and under all circumstances . " ~ Saint Vincent de Paul 
" Carve a tunnel of hope through the dark mountain of disappointment . " - Martin Luther King , Jr. 
Well , my Mumsy ( Iris ) put together a very thoughtful and intimate funeral for her husband Tom . I was truly honored and humbled that she asked me to read the eulogy and poem that she wrote for him . Now let the healing begin ... Rest in peace THOMAS JOSESH JURAN 
Cultivating a close , warm-hearted feeling for others automatically puts the mind at ease . It helps remove whatever fears or insecurities we may have and gives us the strength to cope with any obstacles we encounter . It is the ultimate source of success in life . ~ Dalai Lama 
No longer forward nor behind I look in hope and fear ; But grateful take the good I find , the best of now and here . ~ ~ John G . Whittier 
“Whenever you're in conflict with someone , there is one factor that can make the difference between damaging your relationship and deepening it . That factor is attitude . ” ~ 
William James 
" Whatever the past has been , you have a spotless future . " ~ Unknown 
Had a yummy Margarita lunch today with two dear friends . Cindy-Loo-Hoo , you are absolute ball of sunshine , no one could possibly be sad aroung you girl - luv ya : ) 
I remember when he took my hand and said " I do " And the kitchen I was standing in , when he said " I'm through " And I swore I'd never fall back in , put my heart through that again Never let somebody get that close But that was twenty years and , two husbands ago Water under the bridge I guess that's all life really is , that's just the way it is ... 
" You've got to be original , because if you're like someone else , what do they need you for ? " - Bernadette Peters 
" No matter how big your problem is , God is bigger . No matter how intense your fear is , love dissolves it . No matter who you are , you matter . Always & forever . Lean on that . " ~ Marianne Williamson 
MY DEEP AS A PUDDLE THOUGHTS : Willie Nelson cut off his signature braids , Willie Nelson is now sporting a bob !! No , no no , say it ain't so !!! Wouldn't Jennifer Aniston & Lenny Kravitz make an awesome couple ?? Don't answer , it is perfect in my mind . Need a vacation badly , twice this week I was going to the gym & drove right past it . Feeling like Norman from On Golden Pond , yikes . Well off to yoga . ~ Namaste 
i got a lot of things to say to you but you're always unavailable aren't you do you think i'm gonna stand for this , baby i don't i got a big mouth boy & everybody here knows with my plane flying up near the sun i'll spell it out for everyone with a taste of your own medicine i'm in love with everyone and it's a bad habit and everybody knows you're full of shit yeah everybody knows you're full of it ~ Darcie Miner 
Today is National Coming Out Day ; As a friend and supporter of the GLBT community , I wish to encourage tolerance and peace , and see an end to the bullying , hate and violence ( physical , verbal , and cyber ) that has been the cause of so much pain and death . I wish everyone peace ! ( Thanks , Karen Maurer , for letting me steal this ) 
~ Karma moves in two directions . If we act virtuously , the seed we plant will result in happiness . If we act nonvirtuously , suffering results . ~ Sakyong Mipham 
Eckhart Tolle ' s Present Moment Reminder : " An amazing realization is in the present moment there is only what is , 
but there are no problems . And if your attention remains in the Now , you 
no longer inhabit a world of problems . Challenges you may still face , 
but they come to you in the space of Now . " 
~ How people treat you is their karma ; how you react is yours . ~ Wayne Dyer 
So grateful to have had one of the best Christmas ' in years and it had NOTHING to do with presents . It had EVERYTHING to do with spending time with family , sharing stories of those who have passed , and laughing till it hurts <3 
One of the most effective ways to overcome anxiety is to try to shift the focus of attention away from self and toward others . When we succeed in this , we find that the scale of our own problems diminishes . This is not to say we should ignore our own needs altogether , but rather that we should try to remember others ' needs alongside our own , no matter how pressing ours may be . ~ Dalai Lama 
“We cannot change our past . We can not change the fact that people act in a certain way . We can not change the inevitable . The only thing we can do is play on the one string we have , and that is our attitude . ” ~ 
Charles R . Swindoll 
GO PATRIOTS !!!!!!!!! Never in a million years did I think I would EVER post those 2 words HOWEVER , my niece , Jenny , who I love & adore , is actually at the game & it would just make her soooo happy . So this is for you Jenny xoxo : ) 
There is a place you can touch a woman that will drive her crazy . Her heart . - Melanie Griffith 
“If you believe that feeling bad or worrying long enough will change a past or future event , then you are residing on another planet with a different reality system . ” ~ William James 
The best way to say , " I love you , God , " is to live your life doing your best . The best way to say , " Thank you , God , " is by letting go of the past and living in the present moment , right here and now . ~ Don Miguel Ruiz 
" In a love relationship there is a fine line between pleasure & pain . In fact , it's a common belief that a relationship without pain is a relationship not worth having . To some pain is growth . How do we know when the growing pain stops & the pain-pains take over ? Are we masochists or optimists if we continue to walk that fine line ? " ~ Carrie Bradshaw 
" To forgive is to set a prisoner free and realize that prisoner was you . " ~ Lewis Smedes 
It’s very important not to misunderstand what is meant by the idea of overcoming our self-cherishing attitudes . We are not saying that a spiritual practitioner should completely ignore or abandon the goal of self-fulfilment , rather we are advising him or her to overcome that small-minded selfishness that makes us oblivious to the wellbeing of others and to the impact our actions can have on them . ~ Dalai Lama 
Thankfulness is the beginning of gratitude . Gratitude is the completion of thankfulness . Thankfulness may consist merely of words . Gratitude is shown in acts . ~ Henri Frederid Amiel 
" He who trims himself to suit everyone will soon whittle himself away . " ~ Raymond Hull 
I am overwhelmed and SO VERY TOUCHED by all the Mother's Day wishes I have received from my friends & some family . All of you know that I am only a Stepmother and your acknowledgement of that means alot because as a stepparent you sure do not always get it especially from the ones you are stepparents to , so THANK YOU from the bottom of my heart : ) 
" You have to figure ... if the world's fattest twins can find love , there's hope for all of us . Somewhere out there is another little freak who will love us , understand us , and kiss our three heads and make it all better . " ~ Carrie Bradshaw/Sex & The City 
“We have just enough religion to make us hate , but not enough to make us love one another . ” ~ Jonathan Swift quotes ( Irish Author and Satirist of prose , 1667-1745 ) 
Everyone you meet will bring you greater peace or greater anxiety , depending on what you choose to bring them . ~ Marianne Williamson 
" Love cannot endure indifference . It needs to be wanted . Like a lamp , it needs to be fed out of the oil of another's heart , or its flame burns low . " ~ Henry Ward Beecher 
History balances the frustration of ' how far we have to go ' with the satisfaction of ' how far we have come . ' It teaches us tolerance for the human shortcomings and imperfections which are not uniquely of our generation , but of all time . ~ Lewis F . Powell , Jr. 
" My doctrine is this : that if we see cruelty or wrong that we have the power to stop , and we do nothing , we make ourselves sharers in the guilt . " - Anna Sewell , English Novelist 
Sooo , sooo sleepy ... think it is nappy time for moi : ) Hope everyone is having a fun weekend : ) xoxxo 
So VERY excited for tomorrow as James T . Clisham IV and Jessica L . Cole will become husband and wife . I am so honored to be doing the bride's makeup and what a beautiful bride she will be . Here's to a beautiful and magical day : ) 
" It is difficult for the common good to prevail against the intense concentration of those who have a special interest , especially if the decisions are made behind locked doors . " ~ Jimmy Carter 
" Women are still in emotional bondage as long as we need to worry that we might have to make a choice between being heard and being loved . " 
— Marianne Williamson ( A Woman's Worth ) 
" Relationships are assignments . They are part of a vast plan for our enlightenment , the Holy Spirit's blueprint by which each individual soul is led to greater awareness and expanded love . He brings together people who have the maximal opportunity for mutual growth . No meetings are accidental . " ~ Marianne Williamson 
“Helping others does not mean we do this at our own expense . [ Wise people ] want happiness . How to do this ? By cultivating compassion , by cultivating altruism . When they care for others , they themselves are the first to benefit—they are first to get maximum happiness . That’s real wisdom . ” 

- Wisdom of Forgiveness , by the Dalai Lama and Victor Chan ( Riverhead , 2004 ) . 
Namaste : " All that is best and highest in me greets/salutes all that is best and highest in you . " 
Nothing others do is because of you . What others say and do is a projection of their own reality , their own dream . When you are immune to the opinions and actions of others , you won’t be the victim of needless suffering . ~ Don Miguel Ruiz , THE FOUR AGREEMENTS 
" There ain't no answer . There ain't gonna be any answer . There never has been an answer . That's the answer . " ~ Gertrude Stein 
God grant me the serenity to accept the people I cannot change , the courage to change the one I can , and the wisdom to know it's me . ~ Author unknown , variation of an excerpt from " The Serenity Prayer " by Reinhold Neibuhr . 
Namaste consciousness : Make every relationship a holy encounter . Pray silently that the other person be blessed and happy . Pray to see only their innocence . Within your heart , salute the love in theirs . ( Your life will miraculously improve when you do this .... ) ~ Marianne Williamson 
The deepest principle in human nature is the craving to be appreciated . ~ William James 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING to my family & friends !!! I am truly thankful for each and every one of you xoxo : ) 
“I hold this to be the highest task for a bond between two people : that each protects the solitude of the other . ” ~ Rainer Maria Rilke 
If you want children to keep their feet on the ground , put some responsibility on their shoulders . ~ Abigail Van Buren 
“Some of us think holding on makes us strong , but sometimes it is letting go . ” ~ Herman Hesse 
For my Dad ~ If tears could build a stairway & memories were a lane , I would walk all the way to Heaven to bring you home again . No farewell words were spoken , no time to say goodbye . You were gone before I knew it & only God knows why . My heart aches in sadness & secret tears still flow , what it has meant to lose you , no one will ever know . ~ Anonymous 
Well , all packed up including Bubba Kegs , lol ; ))) WE ARE OFF TO LOOK FOR THAT ELUSIVE LOST SHAKER OF SALT ... Adios <3 xoxo 
Sometimes it isn’t death that frightens us so much as the possibility of being truly , courageously and audaciously alive . ~ Marianne Williamson 
“We can never judge the lives of others , because each person knows only their own pain and renunciation . It's one thing to feel that you are on the right path , but it's another to think that yours is the only path . ” ~ Paulo Coelho 
" Too often we underestimate the power of a touch , a smile , a kind word , a listening ear , an honest compliment , or the smallest act of caring , all of which have the potential to turn a life around . " ~ Leo Buscaglia 
Tears of joy , tears of sadness . Tears are words that need to be written , spoken , shared . ~ Paulo Coelho 
Compassion and love constitute non-violence in action . They are the source of all spiritual qualities : forgiveness , tolerance , all the virtues . They give meaning to our activities and makes them constructive . There is nothing amazing about being rich or highly educated ; only when the individual has a warm heart do these attributes become worthwhile . ~ Dalai Lama 
Acceptance of what has happened is the first step to overcoming the consequences of any misfortune . ~ William James 
" Everything we do is either an act of love or a cry for help . " ~ Marianne Williamson 
“I take it not only a day at a time , but a moment at a time , and keep it at that pace . If you can be happy right now , then you’ll always be happy , because it’s always in the now " ~ Willie Nelson ( hmmm , way before Tolle ) 
" The American mind at its best is both liberal and conservative . " -- Pres . Dwight Eisenhower . " High-minded conservative values emphasize issues of private morality ; high-minded liberal values emphasize issues of public morality . Yin and yang , synergistic relationship when related to honorably . " ~ Marianne Williamson 
Insofar as the destructive effects of anger & hateful thoughts are concerned , one cannot get protection from wealth nor education . The only factor that can give protection from the destructive effects of anger & hatred is the practice of tolerance and patience . ~ Dalai Lama 
Took Pea to get her hair did and then out to dinner . The woman cracks me up without even trying . Example : " How are you feelin Pea ? " ~ " Ok , but they said my potassium and molasses are low . " Took me a good 10 minutes to figure out she meant MAGNESIUM , lol . Gotta love her xoxo 
“Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness , and the word happy would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness . It is far better to take things as they come along with patience and equanimity . ” ~ Carl Jung 
“We think that the point is to pass the test or overcome the problem , but the truth is that things don’t really get solved . They come together & they fall apart . Then they come together again & fall apart again . It’s just like that . The healing comes from letting there be room for all of this to happen : room for grief , for relief , for misery , for joy . ” ~ Pema Chodron 
Love can take us to heaven or hell , but it always takes us somewhere . Therefore , be prepared to travel ... ~ Paulo Coelho 
" What makes you vulnerable makes you beautiful . " ~ Brené Brown 
" When asked if my cup is half full or half empty , my only response is that I am thankful I have a cup . " ~ Sam Lefkowitz 
" Letting go is the natural release which always follows the realization that holding on is an energy drain and it hurts . Letting go happens effortlessly when there is no other choice . Letting go does not mean giving up . ” ~ Larry James 
Broken people make the worst crutches . Go within for your healing , and you won't go without . 
Mom's surgery is scheduled for 12:30 PM tomorrow . May I please ask one more time for prayers , healing & loving thoughts to be sent her way . Thank you all so very much !!! 
" His ears were often the first thing to catch my tears . " ~ Elizabeth Barrett Browning , referring to her cocker spaniel , Flush . 
My grandmother raised me and if ever I got a little uppity , she said , " sister find yourself and sit down " . If I was already sitting , I would get up and she would say , " where are you going ? " She meant find yourself inside yourself . Find yourself inside yourself and sit down . ~ Maya Angelou 
“The decision to kiss for the first time is the most crucial in any love story . It changes the relationship of two people much more strongly than even the final surrender ; because this kiss already has within it that surrender . ” ~ Emil Ludwig 
“What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise . ” - Oscar Wilde 
Maybe the past is like an anchor holding us back . Maybe , you have to let go of who you were to become who you will be . ~ Carrie Bradshaw 
“As we drive along this road called life , occasionally a gal will find herself a little lost . And when that happens , I guess she has to let go of the coulda , shoulda , woulda , buckle up and just keep going . ” ~ Carrie Bradshaw 
Back from a wonderful vacation in beautiful WARM Mexico . Heard we dodged some bad weather but looks like we might not dodge this next blast : ( Even though it is freezing , THERE IS NO PLACE LIKE HOME <3 
A cancer patient has only one wish , to kick cancer's ass . In honor of someone who has died , or is fighting cancer , I am posting this for at least one hour . Many friends have gone down this route . Here's to those I love that are still battling it <3 
“When you do nothing , you feel overwhelmed and powerless . But when you get involved , you feel the sense of hope and accomplishment that comes from knowing you are working to make things better . ” ~ Unknown 
" Your problem is you are too busy holding on to your unworthiness . " ~ Ram Dass 
" You say I'm always happy , and that I'm good at what I do , but what you'll never realize is , I'm a damn good actress too . " ~ Unknown 
Thank you to my sweet husband for throwing me a SURPRISE birthday party ... you REALLY pulled it off . So wonderful to spend time with family and friends AND have one of my favorite artists of all time , DARCIE MINER BAND , perform at my birthday party : ) Thank you to all that came , I could not ask for anything more ~ Love you all P.S. To my dear sweet Jimmy , madly , deeply , completely xoxoxo 
Things pass , and the best we can do is to let them really go away . Getting rid of certain memories also means making some room for other memories to take their place . ~ Paulo Coelho 
Thank you for all the wonderful birthday wishes : ) Unfortuantely , I spent the day & night in the ER with my Mother . She has been very sick so I took her to the ER , the poor woman has an infected gallbladder & gallstones . Good news is she is admitted to the hospital & not in pain & being treated . PLEASE pray for my Mom , she is one of this sweetest human beings on this planet . Thank you , xoxo 
Don't be in denial about the darkness in you , but don't be in denial about the light within you either ! ~ Marianne Williamson 
It makes no sense to worry about things you have no control over because there's nothing you can do about them , and why worry about things you do control ? The activity of worrying keeps you immobilized . ~ Wayne Dyer 
Just because fate doesn't deal you the right cards , it doesn't mean you should give up . It just means you have to play the cards you get to their maximum potential . - Les Brown 
“There is a sacredness in tears . They are not the mark of weakness , but of power . They speak more eloquently than ten thousand tongues . They are messengers of overwhelming grief ... and unspeakable love . ” ~ Washington Irving 
I like your Christ , I do not like your Christians . Your Christians are so unlike your Christ . ~ 
Mohandas Gandhi 
" Empathy means resonating with the “not self” . In empathy you know everything is 
connected , so whatever you do to something else or someone else is done to you . " ~ Harville Hendrix 
Just as we should cultivate more gentle and peaceful relations with our fellow human beings , we should also extend that same kind of attitude towards the natural environment . Morally speaking , we should be concerned for our whole environment . ~ Dalai Lama 
“Love is when two people know everything about each other and are still friends . ” ~ Unknown 
" The friend who can be silent with us in a moment of despair or confusion , who can stay with us in an hour of grief and bereavement , who can tolerate not knowing ... not healing , not curing ... that is a friend who cares . ” ~ Henri Nouwen 
Two things bring up darkness in other people : your darkness AND your light . ~ Marianne Williamson 
" One simple act of kindness is worth a thousand grand intentions . " ~ Oscar Wilde 
“The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling , but in rising every time we fall . " - Nelson Mandela 
Patience serves as a protection against wrongs as clothes do against cold . For if you put on more clothes as the cold increases , it will have no power to hurt you . So in like manner you must grow in patience when you meet with great wrongs , and they will then be powerless to vex your mind . ~ 
Leonardo da Vinci 
“The truth is that our finest moments are most likely to occur when we are feeling deeply uncomfortable , unhappy , or unfulfilled . For it is only in such moments , propelled by our discomfort , that we are likely to step out of our ruts and start searching for different ways or truer answers . ” 
~ M . Scott Peck 
" To live a soulful life , you must be willing to look at your choices carefully . To notice when you choose too much or not enough . When you want to go left but you go right . When you want to act but don't , or don't want to act but do . You must see when you sabotage your own soul's longings , and when you indulge to the point it harms you . " ~ Robin Rice 
" Humility is the ability to give up your pride and still retain your dignity . " - Vanna Bonta 
" I never will , by any word or act , bow to the shrine of intolerance or admit a right of inquiry into the religious opinions of others . " -- Thomas Jefferson to Edward Dowse , 1803 . 
" You cannot find yourself by going into the past . You can find yourself by coming into the present . " ~ Eckhart Tolle 
People take different roads seeking fulfillment and happiness . Just because they're not on your road , doesn't mean they've gotten lost . ~ Dalai Lama 
”Even though you may want to move forward in your life , you may have one foot on the brakes . In order to be free , we must learn how to let go . Release the hurt . Release the fear . Refuse to entertain your old pain . The energy it takes to hang onto the past is holding you back from a new life . What is it you would let go of today ? " ~ Mary Manin Morrissey 
" Forgiveness is the fragrance that the violet sheds on the heel that has crushed it . " ~ Mark Twain 
I will love the light for it shows me the way , yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars ~ Og Mandino 
My true religion , my simple faith is in love and compassion . There is no need for complicated philosophy , doctrine , or dogma . Our own heart , our own mind , is the temple . The doctrine is compassion . Love for others and respect for their rights and dignity , no matter who or what they are - these are ultimately all we need . ~ Dalai Lama 
" Religion , to me , is a bureaucracy between man and God that I don't need . " ~ Bill Maher 
Soon off to look for my lost shaker of salt ... ; ) 
“Never let a problem to be solved become more important than the person to be loved . ” - Barbara Johnson 
" Unconditional love does not mean being a doormat for other people - unconditional love begins with loving ourselves enough to protect ourselves from the people we love if that is necessary . " ~ Robert Burney 
“After all , computers crash , people die , relationships fall apart . The best we can do is breath and reboot . ” ~ Carrie Bradshaw 
" About to blame ? Stop . About to judge ? Stop . About to criticize ? Stop . Take a deep breath , and pray to see things differently . You don't lack values , boundaries or standards . But you own the power of an open heart : the power to communicate with love and effect real change . " ~ Marianne Williamson 
GOOD NEWS , my Mom is like a her old self !!! They removed all the gallstones including the one that was obstructing her bile duct . Went to see her today and she is 100 percent better . They plan on removing her gallbladder on Friday and hopefully she will be home by Sat . or Sun . THANK YOU TO ALL OF YOU FOR YOUR PRAYERS AND CONCERN , you have no idea how much it means xoxoxo 
Think of doing one meaningful thing today that brings a better life to someone other than yourself . ~ Marianne Williamson 
“Stress is basically a disconnection from the earth , a forgetting of the breath . Stress is an ignorant state . It believes that everything is an emergency . Nothing is that important . Just lie down . ” ~ 
Natalie Goldberg 
" I don't need therapy , I got Lennon . " ~ Jennifer Miller 
Confusion and chaos form a veil in front of a truer truth . Extend your perception beyond what you see , to what in your heart you know to be true : love an love only is real . ~ Marianne Williamson 
We must become acquainted with our emotional household : we must see our feelings as they actually are , not as we assume they are . This breaks their hypnotic and damaging hold on us . ~ Vernon Howard 
" Character isn't inherited . One builds it daily by the way one thinks and acts , thought by thought , action by action . If one lets fear or hate or anger take possession of the mind , they become self-forged chains . " ~ Helen Douglas 
I am an old man and have known a great many troubles , but most of them never happened - Mark Twain 
" Shared laughter creates a bond of friendship . When people laugh together , they cease to be young and old , master and pupils , worker and driver . They have become a single group of human beings , enjoying their existence . " ~ W . Grant Lee 
" We give dogs time we can spare , space we can spare and love we can spare . And in return , dogs give us their all . It's the best deal man has ever made . " ~ 
M . Acklam 
" As far as we can discern , the sole purpose of human existence is to kindle a light in the darkness of mere being . " ~ Carl Jung 
The most important benefit of patience consists in the way it acts as a powerful antidote to the affliction of anger - the greatest threat to our inner peace , and therefore our happiness . The mind , or spirit , is not physical , it cannot be touched or harmed directly . Only negative thoughts and emotions can harm it . Therefore , only the corresponding positive quality can protect it . ~ Dalai Lama 
When you're young , your whole life is about the pursuit of fun . Then , you grow up and learn to be cautious . You could break a bone or a heart . You look before you leap and sometimes you don't leap at all because there's not always someone there to catch you . And in life , there's no safety net . ~ Carrie Bradshaw 
The world fluctuates , but Spirit does not . Spirit is unchangeable , ever perfect and eternally pregnant with unfolding miracles . Put your faith in Spirit , not the world . And your world will rock . ~ Marianne Williamson 
" Music was my refuge . I could crawl into the space between the notes and curl my back to loneliness . " ~ Maya Angelou 
" It's just a ride & we can change it any time we want . It's only a choice . No effort , no work , no job , no savings & money , a choice , right now , between fear & love . The eyes of fear want you to put bigger locks on your door , buy guns , close yourself off . The eyes of love instead see all of us as one . ” ~ Bill Hicks 
" Don't be dismayed at goodbyes . A farewell is before you can meet again . And meeting again after a moment or a lifetime is certain for those who are friends . " 
~ Richard Bach 
Well , I found that shaker of salt at the bottom of a pitcher of margaritas at El Rodeo , ahhhh : ) 
You , yourself , as much as anybody in the entire universe , deserve your love and affection . ~ Buddha 
Humor is the great thing , the saving thing . The minute it crops up , all our irritations and resentments slip away and a sunny spirit takes their place . ~ Mark Twain 
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see . ~ Mark Twain 
“Maybe it's maturity or the wisdom that comes with age , but the witch in Hansel and Gretel—she's very misunderstood . I mean , the woman builds her dream house and these brats come along and start eating it . ” ~ Miranda from Sex & The City 
“A hidden energy crisis threatens our world . Society throws people into chronic physical , emotional , and spiritual depletion . Multi-tasking lets us manage a deluge of very real duties , but it also jeopardizes the now . ” ~ 
Judith Orloff 
MERRY CHRISTMAS TO ALL !!!! Wishing everyone love , peace , health and happiness xoxo : ) 
Justice will only exist where those not affected by injustice are filled with the same amount of indignation as those offended . ~ Plato 
optimist ( noun ): a person who starts a diet on Thanksgiving . ( giggle ) 
" Beware the barrenness of a busy life . " ~ Socrates 
" I have much to be thankful for but pls , god I don't believe in , Palin vs Trump for Rep. nomination in 2012 - I'd watch that on pay per view . " ~ Bill Maher ( lol , <3 him ) 
" On this Veterans Day , let us remember the service of our veterans , and let us renew our national promise to fulfill our sacred obligations to our veterans and their families who have sacrificed SO much so that we can live free . " 
~ Dan Lipinski 
I've got a right to be wrong 
I've been held down to long 
I've got to break free 
So I can finally breathe 
Got to sing my own song 
I might be singing out of key 
But it sure feels good to me 
So just leave me alone ( Right to be Wrong by Joss Stone ) 
Imagine there's no countries 
It isn't hard to do 
Nothing to kill or die for 
And no religion too 
Imagine all the people 
Living life in peace 
You may say that I'm a dreamer 
But I'm not the only one 
I hope someday you'll join us 
And the world will be as one ~ John Lennon RIP sweet dreamer 
“The fact that an opinion has been widely held is no evidence whatever that it is not utterly absurd ; indeed , in view of the silliness of the majority of mankind , a wide-spread belief is more likely to be foolish than sensible” 
~ Bertrand Russell 
One of the penalties for refusing to participate in politics is that you end up being governed by your inferiors . 
~ PLATO 
" Repubs cutting off benefits to the unemployed , while insisting on tax cuts for the richest among us . Wow . " ~ Marianne Williamson 
“Don’t turn away . Keep your gaze on the bandaged place . That’s where the light enters you . ” - Jelaluddin Rumi Thank you Joshua David OBrien for sharing this : ) 
" No human race is superior ; no religious faith is inferior . All collective judgments are wrong . Only racists make them . " ~ Elie Wiesel 
Well , if my Steelers had to lose to anyone , I am glad it was the Packers . Always had a soft spot for them and they certainly played one heck of a game <3 
“The most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love , and to let it come in . ” - Morrie Schwartz 
" I crave the sweet surrender of sleep and my dreams ' uncensored communication : no tiresome small talk , sucking up to impress , or tiptoeing around charged topics . Dreams are the naked truth ; get ready for it . " ~ Judith Orloff 
" When we honestly ask ourselves which person in our lives means the most to us , we often find that it is those who , instead of giving advice , solutions , or cures , have chosen rather to share our pain and touch our wounds with a warm and tender hand . " ~ Henri Nouwen 
" Feelings of worth can flourish only in an atmosphere where individual differences are appreciated , mistakes are tolerated , communication is open , and rules are flexible - the kind of atmosphere that is found in a nurturing family . " ~ Virginia Satir 
“There are as many nights as days , and the one is just as long as the other in the year's course . Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness , and the word ' happy ' would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness . ” ~ Carl Gustav Jung 
It's not a matter of letting go . You would if you could . Instead of " Let it go , " we should probably say " Let it be . " ~ Jon Kabat-Zinn 
" Christianity insitutionalized guilt as a virtue . You see you can never come up here ... never ... and therefore you will always be aware of your shortcomings and so the more shortcomings you feel the more in other words you are aware of the vast abyss between Christ and yourself . " ~ Alan Watts 
" Common sense and a sense of humor are the same thing , moving at different speeds . A sense of humor is just common sense , dancing . " ~ William James 
When the Japanese mend broken objects , they aggrandize the damage by filling the cracks with gold . They believe that when something's suffered damage and has a history it becomes more beautiful . ~ Barbara Bloom 
Your task is not to seek for love , but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it . ~ A Course In Miracles 
Please excuse my current profile picture , I really do apologize . I made a bet with my niece , who is a die hard PATS fan , that if the Steelers lost to the Pats that I would post Tom Brady ( gag !! ) as my profile pic for one week : ( She did not specify WHICH picture so I chose one myself , lol . Yeah , yeah , I'm a sore loser ; P 
True words are not always pretty ; pretty words are not always true . ~ Unknown 
" The most beautiful discovery true friends make is that they can grow separately without growing apart . ” ~ Elisabeth Foley 
" I've learned that people will forget what you said , people will forget what you did , but people will never forget how you made them feel . " ~ Maya Angelou 
" How far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young , compassionate with the aged , sympathetic with the striving and tolerant of the weak and strong . Because someday in your life you will have been all of these . " ~ George Washington Carver 
After living in the dark for so long , a glimpse of the light can make you giddy . Strange thoughts come into your head & you better think'em . Has a special fate been calling you & you're not listening ? Is there a secret message right in front of you & you're not reading it ? Is this your last , best chance ? Are you gonna take it ? Or are you going to the grave with unlived lives in your veins ? ~ Justine-THE GOOD GIRL 
" Music speaks what cannot be expressed , soothes the mind and gives it a rest , heals the heart and makes it whole , flows from heaven to the soul . " - Unknown 
“Love is not a feeling . Love is an action , an activity . . . Genuine love implies commitment and the exercise of wisdom . . . . love as the will to extend oneself for the purpose of nurturing one's own or another's spiritual growth ..... true love is an act of will that often transcends ephemeral feelings of love or cathexis , it is correct to say , ' Love is as love does ' . ” ~ M . Scott Peck 
For Mumsy <3 “I'd like to be the sort of friend that you have been to me , I'd like to be the help that you've been always glad to be ; I'd like to mean as much to you each minute of the day , as you have meant old friend of mine , to me along the way . ” ~ Unknown 
" If you're in a bad situation , don't worry it'll change . If you're in a good situation , don't worry it'll change . " ~ John A . Simone , Sr. 
Act as if what you do makes a difference . It does . ~ William James 
" Music washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life . " ~ Berthold Auerbach 
Today i wouldent take joey up the street to get bbq sauce 
From Donald Glen Rakestraw ~ The homeless go without eating . The elderly go without medicine . The mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised to them . Yet we give billions in tax breaks to the wealthiest 2% of Americans --- those who need it the least . They say only 1% of Facebook users will re-post this message . Let's prove them wrong ! 
" What counts in making a happy marriage is not so much how compatible you are , but how you deal with incompatibility . " ~ Leo Tolstoy 
Wishing everyone a Happy & Blessed New Year !!! Love & Light to ALL xo <3 
THIS QUOTE IS FOR SOMEONE VERY SPECIAL <3 : " Its amazing how someone 
can break your heart . But yet you still love them with every broken piece . " ~ Unknown 
“Nirvana or lasting enlightenment or true spiritual growth can be achieved only through persistent exercise of real love . ” ~ M . Scott Peck 
" I'm sick and tired of hearing things from uptight , short-sighted , narrow-minded hypocritics . All I want is the truth . Just gimme some truth . I've had enough of reading things by neurotic , psychotic , pig-headed politicians . All I want is the truth . Just gimme some truth . " ~ John Lennon ( Give Me Some Truth ) 
I changed my facebook profile picture to a cartoon from my childhood and invite you to do the same . Until Monday , there should be no human faces , but an invasion of memories of a time of innocence . This is to protest violence and abuse against children . <3 
" Every religion should be self-critical . Otherwise it soon degenerates into a self-righteous hypocrisy . " ~ Alan Watts 
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow modified quote : 
Look not mournfully into the past . It comes not back again . Wisely improve the present . It is thine . Go forth to meet the shadowy future , without fear , and with an open heart . Thank you for the borrow Lee <3 
Respect is taking into consideration the views and desires of others , and including it into your decisions . When you respect another , you factor and weigh their thoughts and desires into your planning and balance it into your decision making . ~ Unknown 
" You don't look out there for God , something in the sky , you look in you . " ~ Alan Watts 
" The fear of death follows from the fear of life . A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time . " ~ Mark Twain 
Pleasantly surprised at the new AMERICAN IDOL judges : ) I really , really like them . Steven Tyler and even J-Lo bring alot of personality and spice to the show . Of course , I miss my Simon : ( Looks like it is going to be a great competitition this year : ) 
" You were born original . Don't die a copy . " ~ John Mason 
" Conformity is the jailer of freedom & the enemy of growth . ” ~ John Fitzgerald Kennedy 
If you label it , you limit it . " Today I will judge nothing that occurs . " ~ A Course In Miracles 
" Concern yourself not with what is right and what is wrong but with what is important . " ~ Unknown 
" Being heard is so close to being loved that for the average person , they are almost indistinguishable . " ~ David Augsburger 
As a girl you see the world as a giant candy store filled with sweet candy & such . But one day you look around & you see a prison & you're on death row . You wanna run or scream or cry but something's locking you up . Are the other folks cows chewing cud until the hour comes when their heads roll ? Or are they just 
keeping quiet like you , planning their escape ? ~ Justine/The Good Girl 
" Codependency is not about a relationship with an addict , it is the absence of relationship with self . " - Terry Kellogg 
The ego seeks to divide and separate . Spirit seeks to unify and heal . ~ ~ ~ A Course in Miracles 
Enjoying a relaxing weekend . Got tickets to see The Goo Goo Dolls at Hershey Theatre , YAY !!! Enjoyed a great yoga class this morning , Shmoopy made us a lovely dinner of mahi mahi w/ tomato & lentil couscous , yummy . Life is good : ) 
