last exam today .... 
vacation times should be honored by sacrificing a pastry and feasting upon it with friends and family . A ritual like this sometimes includes chanting a depressing incantation reminding others of how little they accomplished in their laughably pathetic 
just thought I'd take a break from life and visit that special someone 
persona - mask , superficial , outward personality as presented to the world If thats the case then how many masks does the average person wear per day ? 
wonder if anyone notice the spartan moment in the ME2 trailer ... 
Society is dynamic , always changing and demanding that we change with it . However under the conditions that it sets for us . Because of this we aren't really allowed to do what we want to do , like not getting the job we wanted because its currently not i 
you just gotta love the summer here . 
taking care of a friend's cat for a few days =\ 
We kill those that kill just to show that killing is wrong . ( ironic isn't it ) 
going to the Avenue .... yes not even dust can stop me MUHAHAHAHAHAHA ! 
Going to campus on Sunday . oh and I've started working on my story . 
See you guys a college ;) and good luck for those that are taking their finals 
just got back .... though I think I swallowed a sand dune on the way home .... -cough- t (-_- t ) 
apparently a single child can trick adults into killing each other .... interesting 
After weeks of running around doing errands , I'm finally free ! 
have you ever just felt like snapping off someones neck just for the heck of doing so ? 
I suddenly find myself logging on here more than usual ... perhaps I'm finally starting to lose it .... or it could just be the lack of anything better to do these days . >__> 
just finished making my new schedule ... taking criminology ! \(^__^)/ 
who started the waving candles at a rock concert thing ? Van hallen or Led Zepplin ? 
thanks with the play list guys 
hate to admit it but I have a case of insomnia xD 
Nostalgia , can get people to do just about anything from downloading old cartoons , finishing old games or even just getting ice cream from that place you used to go as a kid . 
If you were to climb to the top of a mountain where do you go from there ? I mean , would anyone really be willing to go down after all that hard work ? 
I start on the 21st ?? I'm guessing their using a different system then the rest of the country ..... 
Instincts : the little voice you hear at the back of your head that very often left ignored . but what is instincts really ? How does our mind already know which choice to make before we make it ? 
Well my day couldn't get any better . so how did everyone fair today ? 
round two for paint ball .... wish me luck 
Days like this makes a guy wanna take a walk around the neighborhood . 
what does the term " the pen is mightier than the sword " really mean ? most people might say , that it means people now settle their dispute in a non-violent way . what do you guys thinks ? 
looking back at all the things I've accomplished , all the people I've met and the some-what traumatizing events I took part in . I must say ... WHAT THE HELL WAS I THINKING ?! =\ and so , since today I've become older , wiser , more experienced and closer to death . I will use my knowledge to improve this year over that past . HaHa ! >=D 
just checked my schedule ... I got Pamela ... -_-'' 
mbarak 3leekom el-shahar 
i We perceive things with our mind not with our eyes , It doesn't matter what others see but ... what do you see ? 
I'm going to try and stay awake of an entire week ( for old times sake ) wish me luck ! 
We are all weird so no sense in trying to be " normal " cause if you ask anyone what in their minds is normal , they'll give the same definition ... Boring , dull and doesn't really stand out from the rest of the crowd . But then again , would you want to stand out ? do you want everyones eyes on you ? 
Day four of movie week , tonight's movie : Franklin 
Word of advice , never go against three gulf war verterns in a friendly game of paint ball 
Last movie : The Da Vinci Code On a side note ; by the end of November I should be finished with " the poem " 
Happy Halloween as for tonights movie ... Donny Darko 
script is coming along very nicely 
OK so I got the part time job thing , the book club thing , midterms , this new game oh and the rock night thing . Not to mention the usual assignments from class ..... and that ain't even half the list .... god help me . -__- 
going to campus to work on my homework =\ 
reading the book thief .... 
so yeah today me and some of the guys met the this model and she gave us her autograph =p 
the good and the bad traits we see in people are actually reflections of our own selves . Think about it ... Why do we like the people that we do ? its because they share a trait that we have or admire ... on the other hand why do we hate others ? its also because they share the same bad traits as us or they might have a trait that we fear on to our selves . ( something to reflect upon ) 
just got back from my last errand .... 
Day five , tonights movie : The Brothers Grim 
Metal the savage poetry 
finished the book ! 
you just gotta love the cold , wet embrace of realty . 
third day of movie week tonight's movie : The Illusionist 
tonight's movie : Kingdom of Heaven 
just got the salesman job so ... yeah 
looking for a new sound .... 
Its interesting how everyone is content and just striving to just live a simple life , now the question is ... why ? why is everyone so bent on achieving the same goals as their predecessors ? 
So yeah a pipe exploded and now my room is flooded guess its the couch for me tonight =\ 
one more week before this gig at sharg is over 
78 
They say good things come to those that wait , but that doesn't mean you get EXACTLY what you wanted . Personally , I think that if you wanted something in life you should just go for it . 
apparently I starred in a movie 0_o " ?? 
New years resolution : 1 . be less of astronomer and more of an astronaut 2 . reach 10,000 words on my book before the year is over 3 . start " new " training program 4 . take more pictures 
5 cups of tea and 4 cups of coffee ... I'm still alive ! 
fight is post poned , rethinking my veiw on fish , the addiction is getting out of hand , small family gathering and need to come up with 2K in one week ..... =\ 
Just because we are the way we are , doesn't mean we HAVE to stay the way we are . Our habits can be changed , we can be whatever we want , whoever we want , the reality of this is not as simple as everyone would like you to think . You CAN change but why would you ? to get what you want ? to get the approval of those you admire ? Sometimes its our faults that make us unique , would anyone change that ? 
long day today ... xP 
After months of personal research , I think I'm finally ready to start a training system that will help me better improve myself as a whole !.... only side effect is that ; it would probably ruin my nervous system and I might lose of consciousnesses from time to time . So wish me luck ! xD 
almost got talked into doing a comedy act for the talent show , dodged a bullet there xp 
if the out come in our decision is already written then how does freedom of choice come into play ? 
just sold three lines 
exam on saterday yet ..... the xbox is calling me . 
Happy new years guys 
well , here goes nothing d (-_-) b 
Next exam on Monday 
guys don't join the first group 
Updating my playlist and gathering some material for the M.V.A group . 
Going paint balling in a few hours . 
2nd invite d (-__-) 
apparently I just started a blood feud between two rival factions I think I can actually sleep in peace for once -- g-night =) 
We as people get information from others , and because we lack the knowledge to confirm it ourselves we take it as truth . 
Despite most of my exams being at around oneish , I'm going to campus at 8:30 just like old times . 
They canceled Chinese ! now what ? 
finished at last =) 
Its movie week ! tonight's movie : Troy 
Time to start wrapping up personal projects and god knows what else ... and start preparing for the new semester . 
Very often we tend to be so self absorbed that we forget how we are perceived by those around us and at the same time , when we view others , we view them in a fix angle disregarding everything else about them . 
When you ask god to give you patients , he gives you trials to test your patients ... seriously 
aikido +tykkyon+ weng chun = ultimate mma/street fighter 
pulling an all nighter .... 
French quiz today thank god for coffee @_@ 
Al- Kharafi Activity Kids Center for the handicapped or music club concert ? which to support by appending ? 
Decided to go to the concert tomorrow at 7 
Kudos to Kuwait for surviving 50 years , but now starts the midlife crises where you'll desperately try to hold on to your youth and do something crazy like buying a white corvette or something . be strong and remember that were always rooting for ya in our hearts ( y ) 
One of those days where . I don't feel going home early @_@ 
< strike > boredom < /strike > @_@ 
caffeine crash ~_~ 
so there is this rumor going around of an old picture of me back in high school , anyone here know where I can find it ? 
WWE home of some of the best poets ... who knew =\ ? 
for those still making a big deal about the weather , trust me Australia has seen worse >_> 
2 hour break tomorrow , bless you ipod -__- 
Life is like a waiting game , you wait for that right moment to make that one move that'll change everything , else you might miss that chance . and then have to wait again ... 6_6 
Walking around in circles @ gust 
Walking in a shape of a pentagon @ gust 
So this " lady " was accidentally harpooned cause some guy had mistaken her for a manatee 
? _ ? 
I feel relaxed and happy 
I drank a unknown drink that comes in a black can ... @_@ I feel weird 
Give life your best otherwise you won't get the best that life has to offer , fair trade don't ya think ? ;D 
Half hour break :| 
Hey , I noticed that alot of people are posting their liveprofile pins , so isn't that like wa7d yadawer rabe3 
Damn thats one hell of a drink ! @_@ 
(~_~) zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
Home sweet home ^_^ 
The blue screen is back -_- 
Does anyone use live profile these days ? 
Fusion . P : 
Omega gamma Lunda alpha theta beta =| 
some person : so I've recently decided to compile funny real life stories involving slaps . 
Something about thursday 
And the net is finally working , time to study for my quiz :D 
Thursday again >;] 
00:00 
So I was standing inline at subway's and I overheard the guy in front of me ordering ... the guy was so into it you'd think he was directing a porno ! seriously you should've seen how uncomfortable the workers looked , priceless ! xD 
Anyone here fluent in french ? >.> if so , please tell me a.s.a.p ! or atleast before the day is over ... 
90% on the online quiz ... min om el tashyer xD 
Turns out my exam is at 2:30 not 1:30 >_> 
One down ! 
too hyper to fall asleep @_@ 
For this entire week I've been watching nothing but the cooking channel ... 
2 and a half hours left , the place suddenly went quite too quite the people around me all look tormented , tired ... stoned , per exam anxiety ... wonder what I'll have for lunch >_> 
Heeya no more French \(^.^)/ 
Latest shipment just arrived ... 
Off to gust last exam >:) 
" If it's not what you want then don't take it , don't settle for anything less than the things you want . and remember , eventually you'll get wants coming to ya ! " : -some drunk(he died 15 minutes later ) 
Just found out that E3 started 
Awesome training today ! Looking forward to next session , boxing :) 
ok line ups from E3 for the xbox : Need for Speed : The Run(squeal for undercover ) , Dead Island ( first person zombie game ) , Skylanders : Spyro's Adventure(reboot to the series ) , Batman : Arkham City , Mass Effect 3 , The Cursed Crusade(assassin's creed but you play as the templars ) .. more to come ! 
Line ups for ps3 : Sniper : Ghost Warrior ( impressive gun mechanics ) , No More Heroes : Heroes Paradise ( series used to be a Nintendo exclusive ) , Supremacy MMA , Twisted Metal ( online gameplay not confirmed ) , Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 3 , Shadows of the Damned , Dark Souls ... more to come ! 
First day of summer course and I find out that caribou increased their prices ... =\ 
Its 1 am and I'm eating ice cream whilst listening to reggae music ... 
back to researching human behavior analysis ! I missed this =') 
According to recent studies , people are more likely to associate you to those around you depending on how they are , if they are bad then your bad , if their good then your good . Regardless of your actions . 
Paintings vs Photos which appeals to you ? 
You ever get the feeling that there's something everyone's not telling you or they want to but , won't ... >_> (paranoia enabled ) 
One Turkish soap opera after the other ... FOR GODS SAKE MAKE THEM STOP !!! 
just out of curiosity , who here has a mentor ? 
spent the entire weekend studying human psychology ~___~ 
Half way through psychology and now I gotta get some reference books , " Think and grow rich " and " The psychology of achievement " . 
watching bab el 7ara >_> 
ok now I'm watching a show called 3rsan fe feran on fatafeat ...... I seriously need a wifi amplifier -___- 
You can't judge by appearance cause it could be misleading , you can't judge by personalty cause it's always changing , you can't judge by the action cause you don't know the motive , so how do you judge ? 
Dell alienware m18x P : 
What do you call someone who wants to take action but isn't 100% committed to it ? 
2 more weeks till I'm done with summer course , anyone know any good hangout areas ? Trying keep things fresh >_> 
So I walk in the guys bathroom only to find some shirtless guy striking a pose and taking a picture of himself in front of the stalls ... 
" build a man a fire and he will be warm for a day , but set a man on fire and he'll be warm for the rest of his life . " 
just woke up from an 8 hour nap ~_~ 
suddenly everyone became a fan of Amy Winehouse 
barak 3alekom el shahar and remember its not just about fasting ... ;) 
insomnia is a bitch 
Bird just smashed into the window 
folks turned off my phone without telling me >__> 
I has internet now ! \(0 , o)/ 
GTA4 whilst waiting for confirmation ( y ) 
ya I'm gonna be afk for awhile >.> laterz 
Reporting live from dubai's version of marina mall 
back in the land of machbos 
whats up with the connection ? 0_o 
so yeah , I need to buy a hat 
So yeah wheres a good place to travel these days ? 
If you don't do nothing , nothing will happen . yet , doing nothing , is doing something , so something will happen if you don't do nothing . get it ? 
Last exam on monday(math ) . 
talk about finishing with a bang =P 
writing programs ...... 
3yedkom mubarek !... I think ... wait is it ?? =/ 
Practice practice practice ! study study study ! work work work ! 
( then have a snack : x ) and then REPEAT ! 
Almost killed someone over a parking space >.> 
Because he's the hero Gotham deserves , but not the one it needs right 
now . So we'll hunt him , because he can take it . Because he's not the 
hero . He's a silent guardian , watchful protector . The Dark Knight . ( not sure why I find this funny ) 
Prince of persia , Clash of the titans , Warlords and Robin hood . any thoughts on those movies ? 
Wonder when the next carnival is gonna take place =/ 
Paul got it right ! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dTaD9cd8hvw&feature=related 
GO Yemen ! 
We all have different interpretations of what it means to be a " Man " most of the aspects are agreeable but some contradict each other , so what are the attributes of a real Man ? 
student union is holding a trip to Lebanon , I would go but I got quizzes and a midterm ... is it worth it ? =/ 
You ever get this feeling that someone might be looking at your profile like on a daily bases ? other then your friends I mean . 
(-_-) Award ceremony tomorrow A (-_-) 
: if you could travel to anyone of the following countries which would it be ? Romania , Ukraine , Morocco , Panama or Lebanon ? 
Recent studies show that , in every social circle , there exists at least one person who knows a bo 3ali . 
: midterm tomorrow .... 
Course is almost over . time to wrap things up guys ! 
god help us -_-" 
t no use your trying to get out of my way . Because 
I have you when you dont expect it and I keep my word as you soon see 
and 
rip you up . Yours truly Jack the Ripper . 

PS You see I know your address 
Martial arts demo on sunday ! 
Suddenly I find myself looking for the book Journey to the West . Anyone know of a bookstore that might have it ? 
Mentor : If at first you don't succeed , change your approach and try again . Remember , perfection means adaptation . 
Men-tee : I thought perfection meant flawless ? 
Mentor : Exactly 
some might argue , if you want something you have to go out and get it . while others say that if you want it , then don't want it , and it'll come to you . Personally I never was one to chase after anything nor am I one that waits on anything , if its within your reach , grab it 
otherwise continue as you were . So what do you all think ? to chase or to wait ? 
Good luck on your finals everyone . 
quizzes all week , ipod's been arrested , health deteriorating , mental status : I feel like punching someone . 
First day of summer vacation !, starting from tomorrow till the next course , martial training . 
Currently Reading a novel ; The Drawing of Three 
Writing programs =\ 
Movie night at Gust , I'm sooo there :D 
Couple more days till the fasting is over , hopfully I'll start waking up early ... anyways how did everyone fair this past month ? 
3 hour break ( y ) 
Decedent relative : How can you not remember me ? I carried you when you were just a baby . 
Nephew : ...... your kidding right ? 
Just got back from Dubai \(^_^)/ 
tary5 el mahboola ; they say a crazy lady used to walk down the street muttering to herself complete jeberish and after dying a brutel death , her sprite now haunts the area . some people claim to have seen her ghost . and thats why they now call the place el mahboola 
Just got back from my trip to Dubai ! 
Where does air come from ? 
System won't let me take any subjects and I don't have any holds ! =/ 
The " package " has finally arrived ! >=D 
using words like compelling and cinematic to describe anything makes you sound more sophisticated ( try it out if you don't believe me ) 
Time to see what the new year brings us , 
that being said good luck everyone . 
congrats for the honor students ( a ) 
Thing about pocketless pants is that I don't know what do with my hands .... unless .... misba7 0_o 
A hard drive ! My kingdom for an external hard drive ! 
Apparently calling someone 5ali also means my nigga 
Seriously Kuwait needs a new national anthem .... 
gone to the cinema 
~.~ 
looks like I'm pulling an all nighter 
if you were to open a web cam with some from the states , does that count as see in the future ? I mean aren't they like ahead of us by a few hours ? 
If the enemy of my enemy is my friend , then does that mean the friend of my friend is my enemy ?? 
-_-" 
So apparently there's this turtle that smokes two packs a day 0_o 
Insomnia ... 
Dear Karma , just thought I'd mention that I got the message . 
peace out 
Updating my ipod \m/ 
Demo was pretty helpful and also presented some pretty good concepts >;D 
Got my apartment back :D 
typing typing typing typing typing typing typing typing typing typing typing typing typing typing typify typing typing typing typing typing typing typing . 
Social psycho and French with Hosny >=D 
Who here has a twitter account ? 
I must admit , this year's winter carnival was pretty decent .... well , except for the repetitive " entertainment " and unstable heaters , but yeah overall its pretty good . 
Happy New years everyone , makes this year better then the last =) 
Its ok to impose new year's resolutions on your friends , just thought I'd point that out 
so yeah today was the solar eclipse >_> 
Just got a new shipment >=D 
just bailed my Ipod outta jail >.> 
We have eyes yet , we cannot even see whats right in front of us . Hate to admit it but , this includes me , it kinda makes me wonder , is ignorance really a bliss ? or are we just refusing to open our eyes ? 
