I don't see why girls shouldn't be jealous of boys . I mean , I'm sure Justin Beiber gets jealous of Ke$ha all the time ! 
Iza-Blaine-a-Edgar-istic-Caralione-odocious . Yes , I know the sound of it is really quite horrific . 
. 
You thought I was gonna say atrocious , didn't you ? 
;D 
Isabelle Tabet , Blaine Becker , Edgar Faison , and Caraline Jeffrey- 
You guys rock for being able to tolerate me . Just saying . I love you guys ! ;p 
uber depressed b/c i couldn't go to homecoming and the party was terrible . ) .. ; 
People who need people are the luckiest people of all . 
anyone who has my number should text me their full name so i can put their contact in my new phone . if you dont have it- 4439750464 
no new phone yet ..... ); talking to ri though ! ; * 
stupid peopld amuse me ..... then i wanna slap them . > : l 
This endless circle of people worrying about crap like whether someone likes them , or why that person is dating a bitch like her ( or him ) , or why nobody notices them is really starting to bug the crap out of me . If you have something to say , say it- otherwise you have no right to complain . 
Get over yourself . 
Oh , and let's not forget the ' Hannah tries to trip Hitchman and he ends up tripping her , then she falls all over poor Isabelle ' incident . Ah , the many falls of me . 
;) 
That smile came with one of those cute twinkle sounds you see in animated shows . 
You just couldn't hear it . 
Ok , not to be a loser , but , really , am I the only one who wishes i could have Demi Lovato's wardrobe from Sonny With a Chance ???? 
Iz : I love my fro yo , it's pretty . 
Hannah : Mine looks like a My Little Pony puked on it . 

I crack myself up . ;p 
There a certain people I would like to do bad things to right now . Very bad things . 
* But definitely not Eric- he just hit number one on my ' People to immortalize ' list . 
ah , well , boredom ain't never killed nobody ..... yet . 
going to pool later then off to see a movie on base ! 
ohhh so sad and alone . what's the point of a party if all of your friends are at another one ? i dislike middle aged people . 
i love the irony of when you're electronically telling someone how stupid they are and then you mispell a word . 
I think we had about 17 different dishes on the table just now ..... and every one of them was delicious !!! 
I always forget that 18th century dramas depress me . The 1700s were just a depressing time . And yet it still remains my favorite century . Oh , how the mind boggles . 
i love stupid animals ! but then again , who doesn't ? 
Riley , you sick , sick , person ! And did I say you could take up my " write something about yourself " space ? 
i love my new phone- it sounds like you're popping open a soda can whenever you open it . you should be jealous . yes , you . 
Woot ! Here marks the beginning of my co-presidency with Sandie of IAGUP ! 
" Yeah , he'll be a great hairstylist once his singing career is over ! " 
-Stylist on Justin Beiber 
* sigh * riley when will you learn ? 
Those middle schoolers were like tiny hydrogen bombs full of music . How do you fit so much sound in such a small space ? 
You guys should join . ( IAGUP = International Assiociation of Gleeks Uhhmazing People ) 
;p 
Like this and I'll tell you one thing I like , dislike , one confession , and my first impression of you . 
OHMYGOSH I'M GONNA DIE THERE ARE LIKE FORTY COP CARS IN MY NEIGHBORHOOD AND THE SHERIFF'S DEPARTMENT CALLED TO TELL US TO STAY INSIDE AND AWAY FROM DOORS AND WINDOWS . WHY MUST YOU BE HERE , YOU DUMB MENTALLY DISTURBED DUDE ?!?!?!?! 
i honestly don't see why you exist . 
Riley won't leave ! oh darn , right ? But even a crazed insomniac needs sleep right ? Okay , ignore the oximoron . I'm tired . don't ask why ... 
i love how nobody ever says anything on my profile except for kevin . who is a freak . 
jk love you kevin ! 
hmmmm bored . no riley . :( text please ! 
hope im getting a new phone tonight ! weeee ;p 
Yeah I'm sorry I can't afford a ferrari , 
But that don't mean I can't get you there . 
I guess he's an xBox , and I'm more Atari , 
But the way you play your game ain't fair . 
" Don't make fun of my eye candy . "" More like eye broccoli . " -Larry the Cable Guy on ugly girlfriends . ;D 
" I can't be a sexy librarian , I'm a gay man ! " -Kevin 
you know what confuses me ? 
YOU DON'T ?!?!?!?!? 
I'll tell you : 
WHY THE HELL DOES EVERYBODY FREAKING LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE JUSTIN BEIBER ?!?!?!? 
Kevin : Ew . Rain . 
Komi : What's wrong with rain ? 
Kevin : It's all wet . 
Me : Oh , so THAT'S why you don't like girls ! 
kevin just made me uber-sad . he logged on to vhat and the loggede off before i even said hi . ) .. ; 
uuuuccccccchhhhhhh * i'm so icky and sick and tired but no such luck as sleep . ) .. ; 
* that's a phlegm , because i'm sick . 
okay , so today i discovered two , count ' em , TWO uber-cooleo peoples = = = = kevin&komi ! the creepy thing , though , is that if add komi's fist initial to kevin's you get kkk .... o . 0 
' Cause if you're not really here , then I don't wanna be either ... 
new hair , new school , new room , old friends . what else can you ask for ? 
Avast ! I be all piratey ' n what nert . Yon mateys best be watchin ' yer shores wi ' a scurvy such ' s me about ! 
so i wake up this morning and swear i smell eggs , cheese , peppers , and sausage . so i think ' OH BOY DAD MADE QUICHE!!!' so i run downstairs and he says ....... ' which cereal do you want ? ' i think to myself , ' nose , you teased me . ' 
anyone else hate it when you'e eating pizza and that one piece of cheese just keeps getting longer and longer and longer ??? 
keep biting the inside of my cheek . owie . 
i feel like a loser b/c i just had time to like about a zillion things . : l 
i'm all sad now cause i'm waiting for kevin's cute friend to finish watching a show so we can chat . ); my phone died . )); 
Just saw Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1 one base . To all those who didn't have the oppurtunity and have to wait until Thursday at midnight : BAHAHAHAH SUCKERS !!! To all those who DID see it : Is it not incredibly depressing that we have to wait seven freakin ' months for Part 2 ?!?!?!?! 
Read : the movie was freaking amazing and I will be very sad for the next seven months . 
I love Bones .... and I mean the show- I am not a cannibal , thankyouverymuch . 
went kayaking and the inside of my legs are really burnt ! ): 
ohhhh the pain . 
ooooh the awkward place to get sunburned . 
ooooh the boredom . 
DDDDD: 
i love middle schoolers ... they're so cute !!!!! 
I swear , Glee last night made me cry . I just watched again- STILL CRYING ! 
gosh i'm so uber hyped-up on candy corn right now , its not even funny . 
I feel terrible . You know how when your computer gets slow you get all mad and start clicking a zillion times ? Well , I was just on 21 Q's and I clicked a zillion times on the yes button so I have no idea what awful answers I just sent to people . D .. ; 
i loooove cupcakes !!! ' sept i feel bad for them .... they're always really girly . i mean , have you ever seen a cupcake with motorcycles or studs or a set of dumbells on it ??? no , it's always sprinkles and shoes and purses and pink icing . bakers are so sexist !!! 
Ridiculos-ly excited for Harry Potter early showing today on base !! Yes , somuch so that I used a Harry Potter word and am currently drinking pumpkin juice . No joke . Pumpkin juice . 
i love anna and shelbi . they rock my mismatched socks . 
So , tri-county with Elizabeth Chambers , Blaine Becker , Ryan Couchenour , and Katelyn Corliss today was awesome !! Except for that one diva guy from Leonard town . And that awful girl that stands next to me . I would also like to note- Will , you are phenomenal . Just saying . 
Please put this as your status if you know or are related to someone who was killed in Hogwarts when it was under siege by the Death Eaters during The Second Wizarding War . The Order brings unity , but the Death Eaters continue to foster division and hatred . Over 50 citizens died in the terrorist attack against Hogwarts ... 
yay !! soooo uber excited .... just got new phone , and it is super bloody amazing !! iphone holders beware ! 
who doesnt love eric ????? and if so , what crap are you smoking ???? 
You know when you think about it , the world rocks . 
wow . i think i'm having a love affair with water . 
Ummm ... so , I got n facebook this afternoon and there's this banner at the top that sya " Would you like to try a new profile ? " and I click ' sure ' . Now I'm sad , because I don't like it , but it won't let me change back . :( 
Having to hand out candy to obnoxious kids and high schoolers ? Uber sucky . 
Mooching off ' leftover ' candy ? Still doesn't make having no social life okay . 
my hands are blue . ) .... ; < 
I love Paul ..... I asked him what he was listening to at lunch today ( even though I already knew ) , and as he was brushing his teeth at that moment , he started spelling out Lord of the Rings with his hands ... :D 
i like how it goes from being ' not that late ' at 11:45 to ' oh my gosh i can't believe i stayed up so long ' at midnight .... 
People are the one thing that nevet fails to surprise me . It's incredible ( hence the surprise ) . 
GUESS WHO MADE TRI-COUNTY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WOOOOOO ! 
just bombed another audition . hmphhh . 
so , my dad and stepmom have this odd habit of taggong me in pictures of food simply because i was there whenit was made , and now i find myself having random cannibalism nightmares where my face is cooked into a fritata .... o.O 
THERE ARE ALSO A BUNCH OF SWAT GUYS WITH GUNS . NO JOKE . 
bahaha mrs doleski just tried to make madeline illar shout '' YOU DIE IN BLOOD!!!' 
I wish you could hit the ' undo ' button on children . 
I do believe I feel the need to point out that my IQ is higher than over 99% of the American population . Take that , Edgar . ;p 
i love making people feel smar t.t hat means you , eric . 
Also , I've decided that Blaine Becker looks like Kurt Cobain . ' Sept less grungy . 
