What's on my mind ?. . . NOTHING ! HAHAHA !. . . . I'm bored 
Cookies are delicious . 
Feeding my licorice addiction !!!!!! LICORICE !!!!! 
AHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
MY CLASS IS CANCELED !!!! YYYAAAYYY !!! 
Computers are retarded . oh , and laptops are too . 
Haunted houses are awesome ! 
Human interaction . . . oh what a strange and interesting phenomena . 
don't get today off . but i do get friday off ! 
One can't help but appreciate food when they're starving . 
Strength and Bravery come from being able to get up when we fall , to love when we have been hurt before , to laugh when we are sad , to have hope in the face of uncertainty , to stick to what we believe , to do what is right , to move forward , to live when it is easier to give up . 
Taking Care of little kids and babies is hard . 
To hate life is to hate yourself . To hate love is to hate life . To fear death is to fear wisdom . To fear risk to is to fear being alive . To fear change is to fear progress . To fear is to give up . 
It ain’t hard to hold When it shines like gold . You’ll remember me . I promise you that . 
Dogs are funny . All animals are funny . 
" No one said life would be easy , they only said it would be interesting . " I love that quote . hahaha . 
THE FACEBOOK CHEAT : Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , Enter key then press up & down & Magic circles will appear ! The only way to stop it is to log off or reload the page ... IT WILL WORK ! Put this as your status is IF IT WORKED FOR YOU it really works . 
" God said HE would never screw us over again , but He never said anything about US screwing OURSELVES over ! So we gotta stop being so damn stupid and take care of our planet because this is our mess and the only one who is going to clean it up is ourselves ! " -a quote i heard today in class when we were discussing global warming . 
The ideas and believes that people hold are diverse and unique no matter how similar they are . But once we start to view to world the world through only one lense , we hinder ourselves from further progress and become hostile to the world . 
When people keep repeating that you'll never fall in love . When everybody keeps retreating but you can't seem to get enough . When everything feels all over , when everybody seems unkind ; I'll give you a four-leaf clover to take all the worry out of your mind . When tragedy befalls you , don't let them bring you down . Love can cure your problems , Your so lucky that I'm ? around . Let my love open the door to your heart . 
" Either you hate me or that's just my deep inner self-loathing manifesting itself in a paranoid delusion that everyone hates me . Either way I'm pathetic . " -Ugh , tell me about it . 
" All you have to do is call my name and I'll be there for you . Just remember , I'll never be far away . " c 
I hate procrastinating . But i can't help it cause it feels so good . XP 
Class cancelled and now hanging out til my next one . not bad of a day so far . 
Be not afraid of greatness . Some are born great , some achieve greatness , and others have greatness thrust upon them . 
there's something about music ... it brings people together , it makes people smile , it makes people cry .? I brings tears of joy , tears of laughter and tears of sadness . All music does is bring . It has changed countless times and moved mankind so strongly that it has forced us to do the single most powerful thing ; we were made to feel . One thing is for sure though , no matter what happens ; music will always be there . 
Pay attention girls ! A kick in the nuts = testicular cancer . So unless you want to go to jail for murder , don't kick guys in the nuts ! 
Some guy was walking his dog and began to cross the street without looking . The dog refused to go . About 5 seconds later , a car hits the guy in the arm . 
- " Dude what should I do ? " 
- " Just ask yourself what would jesus do . " 
- " You're damn right he'd do a wheelie !! " 
" I like those just dance games . They made me realize my dream of being a professional dancer . " -my dad 
lmao XD 
Well since I didn't get to do my speech today , Im doing it Thursday . But I've changed the topic about 45 times already . :-\ 
" Mankind is capable of greatness . But it is only by shedding our fears and heading into the darkness unafraid that we can find the way to greatness . " 
The Letter fron Birmingham Jail is an epic example of awesomely epic epicness of epic proportions . 
Had a fairly good day today . :) just wondering if the night is gonna be as good . 
Today's a nice day . Feels like beach weather . I feel like takin a beach trip . Still contemplating on whether I should go alone or not . . . . 
Brownies ? I think yes . :D 
I lost . . . . 
It's kind of a funny story . . . . . Yes , yes it is . 
Oh cool . . . . New laptop . . . . 
So some bitch tries to brake check me all the way up the freeway from rcc to van buren . Then she almost makes me hit a wall . But she gets pulled over . >:) 
A shitload of mexican candy . . . XD . . . yay . 
Back it up , back it up . . You got it , you got . 
If inertia is what causes centrifugal forces on a rotating object & inertia itself is not a force , does that mean the centrifugal force is also not a force ? o . 0 
The norco campus is weird . o . 0 
Dad : you're fat . You've been doing a lot of cuchicuchi-blanchao haven't you ? 
Me : Look at you ! You're fatter than me ! 
Dad : I made 5 kids ! What's your excuse ? 
Lol 
This could really kill me . 
Young love murder , 
That is what this must be . 
I would give it all to not be sleeping alone . 
Josue " Joey " Villalobos 
June 17 1989- March 19 2011 
One hell of a wingman , a better backup , and one of the best friends I've ever had . Rest in peace man . 
Lol . Rebecca black " Friday " = song fail 
Of the original 12 Sons ; 7 are dead , 3 are missing ( as far as I am aware of ) , and 2 are MIA . I am , to the best of my knowledge , the last of the original 12 left . 
Ugh , busting my ass pulling shit out of it to make it look like the speech I am already pulling out is " well-researched " is exhausting . 
! buongiorno principessa ! 
After many many conversations and several epiphanies , I've finally know what to call that default funky mood of mine -- FLCL . 
While working on the yard , an earthworm manages to work its way up my brother's shorts while he was sitting down . My brother got anally violated by an worm . lol 
Put this dog on 
. //^ ^\\ your status 
(/ (_•_) \) to show . 
_/''*''\_ that you are 
(,,,) ^ (,,,) Against Animal Cruelty 
This phone is totally breakin my balls now . >:-/ 
" This man is a sexist . He kills people with his sex . " Lol XD 
Depending on what my counselor says , it can either make or break my enitre plans . 
Hell yeah ! By this time next year , imma have 3 associates ! :D 
Oh double hell yeah ! I just got a $1000 scholarship ! Oh triple hell yeah ! The first check already came ! XD pretty badass day so far . ;D 
Is this life real ? Is everything we strive for in this life worth anything ? We can only find out when we die . Looks like I will find out before most of you . 
But as I look behind me , I realize that I am alone . Once again I must face the darkness before me and this time , I am more certain of my death than ever before . 
You can bet that I may not be alive but I as sure as hell ain't dead inside and if my heart was still beatin ' it would beat for you . ;) 
oh great . I have dog period blood on me now . -_- 
- " Are you guys ready ? " 
- " oh fuck no . " 
- " Oh we are so gonna regret this tomorrow . " 
- " If there even is a tomorrow . " 
- " Dude , let's just forget about this and continue with our lives . " 
- " Fuck it , let's do this . " 
The morning after : 
- " That was so worth it . " 
- " Now let's never speak of it again . " 
-all : " agreed " 
lol . good times with the 12 . 
hhmmmmm . . . . Well looks like my plans for college might change . . . . 
I will mourn the loss of thousands of precious lives , but I will not rejoice in the death of one , not even an enemy . Returning hate for hate multiplies hate , adding deeper darkness to a night already devoid of stars . Darkness cannot drive out darkness : only light can do that . Hate cannot drive out hate , only love can do that . " 
~ Martin Luther King , Jr ~ 
Trains = herpes infested devil penises on wheels 
Riverside to Delano : over 218 miles . Drove all of it with two backseat drivers and a dad that drives worse than me yelling in my ear . Hella tired , agitated and find a way to chill . 
Goddamn , now i remember why we don't come up to Delano that often ; everybody gets wasted the entire time we're here . XD 
Words are flowing out like 
endless rain into a paper cup 
They slither while they pass 
They slip away across the universe 
Pools of sorrow waves of joy 
are drifting through my open mind 
Possessing and caressing me 
I am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together . 
If anybody can be somebody then everybody is nobody . 
the beatles + techno = epicness 
It's funny how we tend to focus on the effects rather than the causes . After all , causes are at the root of it all . They often go unseen & overlooked . They're rather difficult to solve . The effects , however , are loud and easy . They're a quick fix and everybody loves a quick fix . But to fix a problem , fix the causes ; to fix the effects just rewrites the problem . Simple as that . 
Rayanne has effectively mind-fucked me twice in one day . My mind has been blown . O.o 
looking at old feild and winterline shows from the high school days . Ah good times . Everyone was so small ! Lol . 
Lol my mom came home and she's faded from the medicine that the doctors gave her . Now she has mad munchies . This is my fourth run to mcdonalds . 
" Whether it's for someone or something ; love is the driving force behind everything we do . Without it , life loses its appeal & existence becomes meaningless . " 
After a long time of procrastinating , I finally deleted my myspace . 
" All living beings place their faith in someone more powerful 
than them and they can't survive unless they blindly follow him . The recipient seeks someone in an even 
higher position to escape the pressure . They then 
seek someone even more powerful to put his faith in . In 
this way , all Gods are born . Don't 
believe in me yet , I will teach you who 
the God is that you will put your faith in . Believing in me comes after . " 
no . if i have not deemed you a stupid person then I do not see you as a stupid person . so quit asking . > Xo 
Atrocities in human history . So before you bash islam for being a terrorist religion , take the time to educate yourself about it . Otherwise you are no different 
I had a good birthday weekend . not everyone i wanted to chill with was there but all in all , it was pretty good . thanks to all who made it worthwhile . 
After watching case 39 and remembering the movie orphan , I have one thing to say : 
Fuck kids , fuck adoption 
stupid people amuse me . . . . . . until they start to dabble in things that are way too hard for them to understand . . . . like relationships . . . . 
Stupid people amuse me . 
Apparently mexicans like to cross the border so much and are so good at it that there are amusement parks dedicated to the whole experience . 
From the nazi soldier who was just " following orders " . Your ignorance and intolerance will allow someone else to start another atrocity like the halocaust . 
What happened to the days when if one was unarmed then then both were unarmed instead of one guy with a bat beating an unarmed guy down ? 
Depression is a funny thing . Even when you think its gone , its always there . Hmmm . . . . Depression seems to be my only loyal friend . How sadc is that ? 
Had a good day with rayanne . But I'm kinda pissed for the people who were alone tonight cuz there dates were sacks of shit . Noone deserves to be stood up . 
Well just about to head in to get my wisdom teeth pulled . Such a shame I can't touch those delicious brownies for a while . 
Apparently in my family , if it has your name on it and/or it belongs to you , they can still and feel obligated to fuck with your shit with out asking . 
Super mario kart on my phone and mario kart wii on the tv . :) 
Seeing my parents haggle with the car salesman reminds me of jedi using their mind tricks on the bad guy . 
Just chillin and waiting for all the mazes and crap to open up at six flags . 
What started out as a conversation about a party turned into 4 tickets and a towed car for my cousin and his friend . Fail . Lol . 
The second cause of stupidity arises from people who fail to take the time to properly educate themselves . 
Well from all of my conversations , I narrowed it down to a honda , toyota , hyndai , or nissan . Still open for suggestions on a new car . 
So far my top choices for a new car are the Mazda6 , Scion tc , Toyota corolla , or Honda Civic . Which one which one ? 
Become common now . It is hatred like this that gave rise to nazism and gave hitler is power . This is suppose to be a country of tolerance and freedom , not hate 
" No one stands on the top of the world . Not you , not me , not even 
the gods . But the unbearable vacancy of the throne in the sky is over . From 
now on ... I will be sitting on it . " 
Will you claim responsibility for your actions and carry the burden of your sins to your grave or will you hide , like a coward , behind the facade you call fate ? 
Cocaine is a hell of a drug . . . . 
Thanksgiving : a time for relatives , close and distant , to make fun of each other's lives and get drunk and laugh at the stupid shit we do . 
" Mitsubishis and all those other cars that all you racers have nowadays are just toys . Go get yourselves real cars you jackoffs ! " -my biology professor 
- " Yeah , jail or Canada and they both suck . I mean I could never come home , 
so what is it , it's a choice of a 6x4 cell or an endless wasteland of 
frozen tundra . " - " Montreal is cool . " 
- " Man , they speak French . " 
- " So learn French . Learn French or die . " 
Naps . . . . . enough said . :) 
RIP William Hughes ( 1987-2010 ) death by suicide -- or should I say self-sacrifice for a noble cause . That noble cause : Hope . Hope for the future , our future . 
Wow . . . the one time I let my mom use the computer , she somehow manages to make it crash . 
While watching a creepy ass scary movie , cats doing their mating call thing is one of the scariest sounds ever . 
To friends , loved ones , & all whom we care about . May the parties never stop & the good times keep on rollin . Let's not wait too long to get together again . ;) 
There's a lie that people use to let others know that everything is going to be alright . That they should keep going . There's a word for that kind of lie . Hope . 
Whoever first said the we can't choose our families didn't realize murder was a solution . Sure , we can't choose em , but we can sure as hell get rid of em . 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a 
man wishing he could whisper softly in her ear ... While you HUMILIATE , 
OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding 
herhow wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man 
wishing he could make love to her . While you make your women CRY 
there's a man stealing smiles from her ... Post this on your wall if 
you're against Domestic Violence 
Some bastard(s ) from Israel tried to log onto my email and facebook . And I know they tried too , they tried to log on 5 times for my email and 7 times for my facebook . Persistent failures they are . 
" Rice = sake , grapes = wine , barley = beer , patato = vodka , wheat = scotch . Nature wants us to get wasted ! :D " -a comment in my biology textbook 
I lost . 
Pornography debate in ethics . A riot is on the verge on breaking out . Intense , very intense . 
:D for cotton candy machines ! >:O for the cotton candy messing up my stomach . 
Me : Its funny & a little insulting that everyone thinks I plan everything . Most of it's improvised . 
Sam : Maybe you do it so well that you make it look planned . 
It's funny seeing how " grown and mature adults " deal with eachother when they don't like one another . There's nothing grown and mature about it . 
I think the anesthesia is wearing off . I feel like I have one hell of a hangover and someone punched me in the face . 
Motion pictures & weapons of war , science has made then both . While some point guns , I'll have my camera offering fantastic otherworlds just beyond our reach . 
Hell of a night . Zombies , lunatics , and lumberjacks scaring the shit out of us . Plus a hypnotist hypnotizing people to do funny shit . Satisfied with my weekend . 
We came to six flags , originally , just for the day . Now were staying for all the mazes and halloween stuff too . Awesomeness . ;) 
Question of the day : If you're against homosexuality and your offspring was gay , would you hate them too ? 
I have a shitload of brownies left over . oh yeah . ;) 
" There are only 2 people in this world . Winners and losers . There's no in between . If you're comfortable with losing then you're a loser , simple as that . " 
For our first lab in bio , were doing thumb wars . 
I just got out of my surgery provedcure thing . They had to put me under . I feel goood . :) 
Dude , ethics class debates . Just one heated comment from a fistfight . Its that intense . 
If I said half the things I could've or wanted to say , then 60% of the population would commit suicide from the sheer impact of my words . 
Watching movies gets irritating when my dad rewinds it 4567898734567897654 times because he wasn't paying attention , couldn't hear it , or missed it . 
Those dobermans are sore losers . 
Stupidity arises from one of two major causes . The first is from people who think they know everything and are somehow superior from everyone else . 
Apparently the weed industry is worth 14 billion dollars in california . Hmmm . . . . I wonder what we could've done with 14 billion dollars . . . 
Thinking about pizza hut . I'm seriously considering killing the girl in fron of me for her slice . o_O 
My fucking computer froze erasing my 10 page paper . Now I have to start over again . In my anger I punched the screen , causing what looks like a crack to form . 
Just tune in , turn off , drop out , drop in , switch off , switch on , and explode . 
Nudists have pretty convinving arguments for why we should all be nudists . 
Ha . Guess I'm a Leo now . 
This is a pretty intense episode of criminal minds . 
That show " 1000 ways to die " is frickin hilarious !!! XD 
I blame the younger generations . They've thrown away honor and respect away for looking like " a badass " . All they succeed is looking like a failure . 
Well it seems I raped my stats final and kicked the shit out of my ethics final . Passed both with better grades than I thought . :) 
We're navigators , we're aviators , eatin ' taters , masturbatin ' 
alligators , bombardiers , we got no fears , won't shed no tears , we're 
pushin ' the frontiers of transcendental perception . 
Just had a staring contest with two huge ass doberman dogs while waiting for my mom in the car . Everytime they lost they started to bark and whine and go crazy . 
A cop blocked two lanes of traffic to let me turn from the parking lot that's on a busy street . He had his siren on and wrote a jackass a ticket . Best cop ever 
Lady gaga's outfit makes her ass look big . 
Apparently there's a thing where people have sex in their sleep , it called sexsomnia . So have sex while you're awake or you'll do it in your sleep . ;) 
Goddamn , stupid , good-for-nothing , piece-o-shit numbers ! Why don't you numbers go fuck yourselves ya nazi/commie lovin , feces eatin , sack-o-douches ! 
There's nothing like a good punch in the face to really wake one up . ;) 
What happened to tghe good old days when two men fought with honor and decency ? What happened to the days when it was fights were 1 on 1 and not 5 on 1 ? 
Thanks to everyone who said happy birthday . That started my day off on a good note . Thanks . 
Got a brand new phone ! Oh yeah . ;) 
What happened to the days when men used to solve their own problems instead of turning to violence first ? What happened to honor and decency among fighters ? 
While you waste you're time trying to get my friends to hate me , I will get yours to like me . Thus you will lose everything in your attempt to destroy me . 
" And as the light darkens and all the excitement subsides , all one can do is look up and gaze upon the wonder of the stars and be amazed -- simply amazed . " 
Lol . It took me 30 mins to convince my dad that the sobe energy drink stuff wasn't alcohol . 
And oppression . I can apply all of these phrases to any other religion . And I know for a fact that these religions would say it was wrong . So then why are they 
My mom gets stung by a bee and ends up taken to the hospital . An hour later , a swarm of bees attacks me for my sprite . Fuckin bees . 
Jack in the box after a late night class . :) 
" There's a fine line between suicide & self-sacrifice for a noble cause . All one has to do is point out that cause & they're regarded as heroes . " Touché William 
Goddamn brother and his wanting to go on facebook on my phone to see a video of miley cyrus that's probably just a fake anyways . 
* correction : my brother has decided to tell his friends that MY new car is his . 
I busted my ass to type 3 essays just to find out I have to type 1 more by Thursday that's suppose to be 4 pages cause my professor felt " nice " . Son of a bitch . 
Quote from any religious text and misuse it to prove that that religion is violence . It is this ignorance and intolerance that has given rise to the worst 
Attacking islam ? Many people do not know the actual tenents of islam and use misquoted scriputres from the koran as proof of islams violence , yet I can take any 
Maybe instead of trying to make it legal straight out , we should've taken small steps and decriminalized marijuanna . It would still help a lot . 
" The dreams in which I'm dying are the best I ever have . " . . . . . Story of my life . . . . . 
I'm surprised by the amount of hatred and bigotry aimed at the islamic faith recently . Phrases such as " all I need to know about islam I learned from 9/11 " have 
Looks like I'm in the market for a new car . Any suggestions ? 
Hell yeah ! Got an A on my stats test . Take it to the face statistics ! 
Can you prove beyond a reasonable doubt that you aren't in a dream ? If so , then how do you know your evidence isn't part of the dream as well ?. . . . You don't . 
While not having a drivers license or actual ownership , my brother has decided to tell his friends that his new car is his . 
Mario cart wii = fun on epic scale 
Hmmm . . . . Maybe a mazda ? 
So I take out the trash , then a cat jumps from the roof and off of my head . Another cat follows and jumps off my back . Another lands in the open trash can . . . 
- " Profanity is the mark of a small mind " 
- " Oh yeah ? " 
- " Yeah . " 
- " Well , my dear friend , try describing fear , frustration , anger , humiliation , anguish , humor , and sarcasm in one word ' son-of-a-bitch!' " 
God damn man . " Misael , something happened . Come fix this for us ! " " Misael it happened again ! " " Misael ... " My family would be useless with out me . 
Reason #387 for why I hate it when my relatives stay for a while : they bug the shit out of me so much that murder sounds like a dream . 
In the face of total darkness , the light that prevails does not lie in our heroes or gods or others . It prevails within our willingness to act accordingly . 
Apparently Mathew McConaughey wants to be my friend on myspace . 
Now I remember why children shouldn't make adult decisions . They can't handle them . 
Nom nom nom mexican food . :) 
Well I got the crap man-handled out of me by my stats final and my ass is a red . But I think I did ok . Hopefully I'm right and it won't try to finish the job . 
Holiday decorations are responsible for 85.34% of rage induced murder rampages every year . 
There's nothin like chillin with old friends and getting into classic shenanigans . Paintballin in a school after dark with glowsticks and four teams ? Maybe . >:) 
Lol . I didn't get your text til like 2 hours after you sent it . 
I lost the game . 
Wow ! Miley will never stop - Watch miley cyrus with new boyfriend - Leaked News ==> http://tinyurl.com/24dmjuv 
Apparently it takes a certain amount of skill to sleep naked . You can even take classes to learn how to sleep naked . That must mean some of us are natural pros 
A " sorry we're out , we'll be back in x minutes " would save a lot of businesses the hassel of dealing with my foot up their asses or my fist in their faces . 
Oh I love it when nikkos hits that sweet spot . Oh yeah ! XD 
The first legend of zelda , yoshi's island , donky kong country , and bomberman . :) hello childhood , nice to see you again . 
" If I died tomorrow , would anyone miss me ? If I died tomorrow , would anyone notice ? If I died tomorrow , would anyone care ? " 
God damn . Pretty intense episode of The Walking Dead . 
If I said everything I've ever wanted to say , there would be no one alive . 
I tried eating a brownie . That was an interesting experience . 
Apparently I did two weeks worth of work for a presentation that was suppose to be 30-45 mins only to find out I only get 12 mins . My professor is a douche . 
Some inbred piece of white thrash tried to brake check me . If it wasn't for the distance , I would be on the news for being the 1st person to ever devour a soul . 
I swear to god , if someone else in my family tries to take my car or use any of my shit without asking , imma go to jail for man-obliteration . 
After messing with my phone and fucking it up , I finally managed to fix my mess and return the phone back to normal . :) 
So I'm watching battlefield earth just for the hell of it . This film , based on scientology , is batshit crazy . Oh scientology , what an insane acid trip you are . 
I plan on assasinating the kidz bop kids . . . Its for the good of mankind . 
" Every time you walk outside on a windy day , your face is getting blasted with tree sperm . " -my bio professor 
" Change is a very messy process . It takes someone special to cause a lasting and meaningful change . " Remember my name , you'll be seeing it a lot later . >;) 
Watching my parents and my aunt and uncle play wii sports is worthy of a hilarious youtube video . Such a shame their internet is down . 
Why the hell does everyone feel the need to slap my face today !? It hurts like hell ! 
After an hour or so of vomitting fountains of snot and phlegm from my nose & having an exorcist rid me of my demonic bouts of coughing , I can finally breath . :) 
" Today , my mom brought home some chocolate from the store that I proceeded to eat . As I look at the packaging , I see that they're laxatives . Fml . " Lol . 
Here at the christmas concert at arlington . Remembering all of the practices and performances and all that jazz . Ah goodtimes goodtimes . 
Trying to sit through an online lecture without going on the fucking around on the internet is like giving a kid some matches and TNT and telling him not to light it . 
I had to wake up early cause I'm going somewhere tonight and I have to clean my room cause I'm not gonna be here . My dads on hell of a genius . 
" Oh you can make it to rcc and back for the week on an 1/8th of a tank . " -my dad . . . . . . What a douche . 
" I'm tired of all this commercialized bullshit . Just give me the things that truely matter . . . . Booze , sex , and a good fight . " -my cousin tony 
I thought that when something belongs to you/has your name on it then everyone had to ask to use it . Or was I mistaken ? Oh I was ? Oh ok then my bad . 
Well I got my wisdom teeth pulled yesterday and that was followed by a day long headache . But today I got no pain . :) yay . 
Yeah sure dad . Go ahead and threaten me and my brother with a beating/death . Just one more reason why ill want to come down and visit when I leave . You fuck . 
" If you got your wisdom teeth taken out , does that mean you're stupid now ? " -my little nephew sunny 
I didn't think my dad could be any bigger of a dick . But he continues to surprise me . Apparently the tv being on at 10 is enough to kick me out of the house . 
Finished four days worth of work in five hours . Now who says procrastination isn't a great motivator ? ;) 
Am I gonna rape my stats final or is my stats final gonna rape me ? Idk , let's find out . . . . 
Listen to some oldies . . . . . That's some good shit . :) 
Taking a look back at all my posts , two things come to mind : " How in the hell did I come up with that !? That was genius ! " or " What in the hell possessed me to write that !? That was totally retarded ! " I did have a good giggle for a minute or two . 
Sharks : They only bite if you touch their private parts 
Apparently the republicans want to change the definition of rape so they can outlaw abortions . . . . Politics for the people . Bastards . 
Biological psychology = mind blown 
Since everyones bombing my phone , merry christmas to all and to all a goodnight . :] 
" Watch the Dog Whisperer and you'll learn everything you need to know to get people to do what you want . " -my neuropsychology professor 
Well looks like we know what francisco is gonna wear for halloween now . 
Oh we have a sub today . Well looks like I'm not gonna pay attention today . 
When my dad's drunk , he's a douche . But when he's buzzed , he fucking hilarious ! XD 
" Oh , looks like someone had an accident in there sexy pants . " Hahahahaha . 
You know you're lazy asses if you and your sibling are arguing over who should reach an extra inch to grab the remote . . . . & you guys give up cause its tiring 
