like it was perfectly fine .... i cant deal with those kinds of people ... 
fuck you .... no really , fuck you . i dont know any other way to tell you . but i fucking hate your entire being dont ever talk to me again . FUCK , YOU ! 
BITCHES DONT KNOW BOUT MAH WEED SKILLZ 
i got so fucked up .. i think justin was right .... 
it is said that all great things are due to the overcompensation of mankind , but i believe that all things are done to compensate for something . you go to school to compensate for lack of knowledge . you go to work to compensate for your lack of money . and you get married to compensate for the fact your afraid you wont be able to find another person as special as they are .... 
I SWEAR TO FUCKING CHRIST !!! I DONT KNOW WHY I HAVENT JUST KILLED EVERY LAST ONE OF YOU PEOPLE !!! USELESS PEONS !!! 
2 new pairs of tripps ... so happy ... fucking sexy ass orange ones and some sexy ass grey ones .... 
you cant psiibly understant the levels of fucked up ive imagined putting you through ... 
i cant prove that anything exists , except for my conciousness . so it may well be that i am an all knowing sentient being who has created a false reality in my own mind to keep myself entertained for a while ... 
Blowed ? you have no fucking idea ... only remember bits n pieces n shit just knowing last night was epic as fuck ... smoked a resin ball with pieces of weed stuck to the whole thing ... god i love to party ! 
so many updates . so much to say , so much on my mind , weighing me down . I've been able to express myself in words much easier than usual . albeit 100% negative ... 
4 days till school ..... time for some mayhem ! 
you know ... if you think about it Australia is like Europes Canada ... they don't do much they just talk sorta the same and have more fun than we do . 
the whole world would be a much better place if everyone would just chill the fuck out and quit bitching about little shit .... im tired of listening to people complain all goddamned day about trivial irrelevant things that nobody gives a fuck about .... 
i am in my own realm of existance where time isnt a factor , and you can buy everything you need for less than no money ... everyone has found the love of their life , yet are alone ... there is nothing left to do , but we find something anyways ... everything that is ? isnt ... everything that isnt ? is ... 
before high school i would have called you crazy if you told me this was how it was going to be . 
so much shit is going on right now . whoda thought thered be more drama without school ? but , no matter what has happened ive always has this feeling at the very back of my mind ... like , i really dont care . and i dont feel bad about it either ... 
ANYBODY WANNA SMOKE CRACK ? 
my brain feels like its writhing inside of my head . i cant shake the feeling something is wrong . which it is . but my brainjs saying theres more to it . 
So everybody ..... i think im going to quit smoking weed ... probably forever . 
its all started everybody :D the shit has hit the fan and is now rolling downhill . lets see how THIS one plays out ... sure to be completely devistating , and particularly confusing ... 
NEW CELL !!!!!! 
everything is soooo boring ... 
To Bradley Nowell ! * rips bong * 
birth , learn , learn , learn , graduation , work , work , work , die . good luck you illusionated drones ... 
FEAST ON THE SUFFERING OF OTHERS ! THE MOST DELICIOUS OF DELICACIES ! 
FUCKING COOKIE DAY ! 
was sitting around when i realized that i smoke weed is cuz im trying to escape from my problems . but half way through typing this i realized it actually isnt . im not escaping from my problems , im preventing problems from arising while solving the ones i have now ... 
BURN IN HELL 
no phone = cant get ahold of ppl = bored as fuuuck . someone come hang out or get me to do something . im so misserable here :/ 
one day .. if cannibalism ever becomes legal ... so many of you are going in the fridge .... 
i wonder wtf is going on ... im too burnt out to think .... 
traded my ozzy shades for 4 shrooms and ate them all at once .... tripped out hardcore as fuck in school ... everything was melting and shit ..... then at the end of the day he gave them back .... so i guess that means free shrooms ? 
I AM THE BLUNT-DOCTOR ! \nNaZdrowie ! 
sleeping in the day ... awake all night ... i have no clue where everyone is .... 
importance is a subjective to the human mind . what i find important depends on the things i have experianced up untill said point . considering no two people have experianced the exact same thing as one another , what one finds important may be profoundly different from what i find important . so unless you know EXACTLY what ive and lived through . you have NO RIGHT to tell me what is or is not important . 
im so fucked up right now ..... i cant feel my brain ..... 
????? p ?? u ? od ? ss ? p ???? ? q ???? ???? p ?? s bu ?? q ? u ??? od ?? bu ??? ou s ????? ? no pu ?? ???? u ??? pu ? ???? s ??? p ??? o ? ?? bu ? p ????? u ? o ? sp ??? ????? u ? n ? o ? bu ? ob ??? ?? do ? d ? u ?? ? o ? ?? puo ? ? 
i lied .... i DO want to set the world on fire >:D 
ALI BABA ! 
you make me want to smash my face into a wall until i'm unconscious with a note pinned to me saying " If found , continue smashing my face into this wall . " 
so while you press your hands together , bow , and murmur to imaginary figures whom have no power over anything except the minds of the simple people . im actually going to do something that matters . KILLING ALL OF YOU 
what people don't realize when they've pushed me too far is that ill spend months working on ruining your life in the worst way and you'll never connect it to me XD 
you're all going to die a horrible painfull death and there's nothing you can do about it .... 
it never stops flowing ... the fountain of youth ... herb of the gods ... 
i dont remember anything from last night ... the only clue i have is a video on my phone ... 
its my motherfucking birthday ... AND BE IT HELL OR HIGH WATER , IM GONNA FUCKING PARTY ! 
PRAISE SATAN IN ALL HIS GLORY ! 
this feeling ..... the desire to put the good of another before your own . the i feel compelled to throw anything away for it . the memory of what this feeling did last time . i cant do it again . but i cant get it out of my mind . torn between the two i sit here today asking you for your 2 cents . what do you think ? 
whilst in the shower ... i decided im gowing to dread my hair ... fuckin look str8 up like a pirate ... 
everybody is finding love , or what seems like love as of now ... mabye later in life we find out it wasnt love , you never know untill the bittersweet end of it all ... but as for now , im perfectly content alone ... i wouldent say alone , just relationshipless i suppose ... i had mine .. and it was enough for me in the short time it lasted .... 
partyd pretty hard last night ... nobody could smoke wich was depressing ... 
everyone who reads this ask yourself . is it really worth it ? 
What is your soul color ? -- My Result : Your soul color is Black . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/685461/referrals/status?aid=100001460704365 
craaaack 
sick today ... so i want be leaving my house .... people are allowed over though ... 
you get as many words as you want . try to explain to me what love is to you . 
still rly phucked up from last night ... prolly haunted by a little girl now ..... 
i dont think you were meant to ever be a part of the group . it was great to start off with , but i could feel the tension throughout the whole deal . we love you to death ... and just because some of us are inconsiderate and selfish fucks doesnt mean all of us are ... if your reading this you know who you are ... i love you and always will , but its not going to work .... 
i neeeeeed nicotine ! 
it was a good long run , love the saw series !!! - SAW 3D The Final Chapter In Theaters Now ! 
I'm just flooding Facebook 2day aren't I ? 

my blessing is my curse . most of the people reading this will disagree , but I'm a very selfless person . when I love somebody , I don't try and have them for my own . I sincerely look out for their best interest . If I think someone will be happier with someone else i don't interfere . 
its depressing to see friends beating themselves up over such unimportant things .. and to see other friends so care-free about things that should be taking up all of their time ... you know who you are and i worry about you guys .... 
Which Evil , Evil Person in History Are You ? -- My Result : Hitler . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/53195/referrals/status?aid=100001460704365 
whole world of obstruction .... not sure how im going to dig myself out of this one , but i ALWAYS find a way . coming out higher than i started . i can do ANYTHING 
like it doesnt matter , like you dont care , like i wouldnt be hurt by it , like it never ... fucking ... happened ... 
almost got arrested lest night ... thankfully everybody got outta that 1 .... got high as a mufukin kiiiiite\nNaZdrowie ! 
i wonder if i was the only non-religious person who came from cypress .... 
visited my grandparents with kotton dot and carly ... they gave us italian ice's and mine had a hole in the bottom T_T 
ive literally run out of words , phrases , euphamisms , rhyms , metaphors , EVERYTHING that i could say to describe how much i hate the existance of human life .... 
i look up from the half finished line of coke , knocking the bong over . i silently wonder to myself if the other people using the needle have any diseases , oh well . wading my through the bottles and unconcious fiends . to the basement i go in search of meth . handed a blunt by people unknown * puff puff * PCP ? fuck it . 
H&M V . 3 
Heart : wow . this is some bullshit 
Mind : i know ... i know ... 
Heart : i love her ... and she doesnt give a fuck about me . 
Mind : theres nothing else we can do anymore except go on a psychotic rampage and kill everyone ... 
Heart : alright . let me get my shit ready . 
is going to die someday , so he intends to deserve it ... 
" I Hate my job I hate my life , hate my kids I hate my wife , 
Jews would know I do it ; Judas beat me to it , 
I'm slowly slipping into a solobcystic coma , 
And I masturbate because I'm the only one who's standards are low enough to fuck me ! " 
-Bo Burnham 
it hurts ... so much ... 
what the fuck ? no really ... WHAT THE FUCK ??? WHAT IS ALL OF THIS BULLSHIT ABOUT ? i get so sick of trying ... but its my job now ... and i know that if i didnt do it nobody else would . 
JOURNY TO MAKE THE BEST BREAKFAST BURRITO EVER !!! 
theres no such thing as nothing .... think about what nothing is , the absence of matter right ? or possibly the empty spaces between matter . even though there is no matter , nothing is still something . nothing IS an ampty space , nothing IS the absence of matter . how can nothing be " nothing " if i can tell you where it is and how much of it there is or what it looks like ? 
WHAT THE FUCK IS IT TO YOU WHAT I DO ? YOU DONT EVEN KNOW ME ! 
When life gives you lemons , you probobly just FOUND lemons . 
what if what is wasnt and what wasnt is ? what should be shouldnt and what shouldnt be should ? tell me .. WHAT THE FUCK WOULD YOU DO ? 
you know what ? your right ... well partially ... i dont hate you .. but i REALLY dont give a flying fuck about you ... you fucked me over and didnt care if i knew .... dont expect it to go back ... EVER 
last night was the highest ive ever been by FAR 
EVERYONE ! BIG NEWS ! I GOT A HAIRCUT ! 
there are things in this world which need not be seen ... i have seen many of these throughout my almost 16 years of life and i do say .... SuicideGirls is not on that list of things ! 
i only need 3 things to make me happy . weed , cigarettes , and love ... just because you waste your life trying to lengthen the list and fill it doesnt mean i have to ... 
" love " is it worth the time ? the effort ? the pain ? the mistakes ? all things lost in the process ? what about all the people you destroy trying to find it ? and for what ? another person to share your mistakes with ? who would want that ? before you go looking for love . make sure your love wont ruin them . 
ike it & i'll post your percent on your wall .. 
0% - I HATE YOU . 
10% - haven't met yet . 
20% - never really talked ... 
30% - said “hi” , but haven’t talked after ... 
40% - just friends . 
50% - we talk a lot . 
60% - you're my buddy . 
70% - close friends . 
75% - wish we had a title . 
80% - B E S T F R I E N D S 
90% - friends together , die together . 
100% - i don’t know where my life would be without you 
is it ok to ruin things for a 3rd person if it makes the first two happier ? 
if i like an actors work , but dont like any of the movies they play in , does it still mean i like the movies ? 
i don't love me 
and thats how i understand why you don't either . 
jager rum and a super-blunt , yesterday kicked some serious ass 
no matter what you may think , no matter what it is im doing id rather be killing people ... 
it has become appearent to me that there are certain things said on facebook which require IMMEDIATE attention . mostly religious bullshit . " opinions " that dont need to be stated to ANYONE . and other miscelaneous retarded comments of the like . id say something but theres so much i would alienate most of you and have nobody left to back me up . 
HOOOOOOOOLY fucking shit . i cant really think of anything to express how i'm feeling right now . the amount of stupidity i'm trying to put up with is fucking nonsense .... 
i daydream about receiving the power to destroy everything . but alas , still a daydream . 
Make love ? Fuck that ! I make a slut cry ! Fuck that ! I make a slut cum nine times ! Then I say " Can we make more babies ? " " Can I get that pussy from behind ? " 
" Can I make these pussy lips smoke Like clubs in the 80s ? " 
Heart & Mind Volume 2 . 
Heart : i guess you were right . she doesn't care about us . 
Mind : i told you . what are you going to do now ? 
Heart : well , theres this other girl i like ... 
Mind : you take a drink , get brain-freeze , and take another drink . you must be retarded . 
so . i look like shit ( even more so ) when i dont shave . but i dont like the feel of the skin on my face . what do ? 
alright . i need to stop hanging out with these fucking scene faggots . they're all spastic and act like every god damned thing is the greatest shit ever . they have a perpetual noobish outlook about them . i really cant take this shit any more ... 
I am ugly inside , i dream for the death and suffering of everyone around me . nobody knows who i REALLY am , i dont even think i do . all i know is that these thoughts i think are from a place of pure un-adulterated evil . you would be left with the desire to eake your own life with just a glimpse of what lies behind these cold , uncaring eyes . 
Mind : we both know it'll never work ... 
Heart : theres a chance . 
Mind : is it really worth all the trouble ? 
Heart : i don't know anymore ... 
Mind : anyone can see . they CLEARLY don't care about us . 
Heart : it's better than not trying at all ! 
Mind : it's your problem now . * absorbs THC from blood * 
Heart : i'm all alone now ... 
i wish all of you would quit throwing aroun " Hate " like its nothing . i have to find special words to describe people now . like Mega-Loathe ! 
I see you riding ' round town with the girl that i love , and im like FUCK YOU and ah FUCK HER TOO ! 
rage or love , which should i choose ? 
marijuana connoisseur ! 
chillin wit cody , kottons out in MY BED 
i hate you . i expect the same in return ! 
i have absolutely no bark . but i bite the hardest >:D 
i frequently suppress the urge to dropkick people for no reason . 
unable to sleep . up all night fighting myself on the thoughts inside . its going to end badly . i cant stop it . and i think it will be my fault :( 
smoking in the house is the best shit ever . 
Does anybody want to play a game ? 
A 40oz to freedom is the only chance I have 
to feel good even though i feel bad . 
am I unpredictable ????? 
-And in an instant it was over 
