my farm is 100% organic (: 
facebook deleted my old account , for some reason unknown , so i'm starting over . blech . 
oh my Zeus ! lol (: tonight was AWESOME ! it's midnight but i'm still up , for some reason unknown ... ( : heheheheheh ! 
hahaha ! yes ! I FINALLY finished a chapter for my story after like 2 weeks of writers block ! 
hey look at me ! I'm a wastoid , anroid , robot ! 
off to classes ! so much fuun ! ( : toodles ! 
If Barbie is so popular , why do you have to buy her friends ? 
i gots chocolat ice ceam !! it so very yummy (: 
ahhh !! it's so warm in my room (: 
" she gets good grade . unlike you . " thanks grandma . thanks so much , cause you know it's not like i have an A in every subject or anything . psh . 
hahaha ! georgie you make me laugh !! ( : 
I WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS ... you can ask me 1 question ( inbox only ) about anything , however crazy it is , there are no limits .. But I DARE you to post this as your status and see what questions you get . (: 
fun day ! head still hurts though ... 
I have moments ! Marqi Moments ! I feel so important (: 
yay ! i got my doggy back today (: i'm so happy now ! 
is watching Sleepy Hollow and now , i have just fallen in love with Johnny Depp . ( : 
" oh my god ! you just nailed the baby ! " " are my glasses okay ? " 
ehh . staying up till 4:30 A.M. NOT a good idea ... 
oh my goodness . my grandmother is telling my basic life story to two home alarm system sellers . -.- 
haha ! i think i just had a panic attack ! what the heck ? 
* sigh * waiting to be picked up . so so so so so soo soooo booooooooooorrreeedddd !!! 
YES !! 148 flair creds !! :D 
practicing my guitair . haha i still suck ! ( : but that's okay . ( : 
The awards show tonight was awesome ! I'm so glad Sandra Bullock won best actress ! 
hahaha ! my friends are highly disturbing . ( : 
Once upon a time , or so the story's told , everyone lives happily as the end unfolds . Forever sweet and never ending . All I want is to know why life is not a lullaby . Reality tells a different kind of tale . Everybody tries to win , but everyone fails . It's never sweet and never ending . All I want is to know why life is not a lullaby . 
Aghh ! two loooong , agonizing days without my poor little sara beara ! 
idk what to do . my friend has always contemplated suicide , but the other day he actually attempted it . he's okay , for now , but i'm really worried . he thinks no one cares , but i've told him they do . he won't listen . what should i tell him ? 
dont wanna sleep , people talk to me ! ( : 
ever wonder if the person who invented Cheerios was British ? 
" I don't think my father , the inventor of the toaster strudel , would be to pleased to hear about this . " 
AHHH ! * runs around the room screaming at the top of her lungs * I LOVE YOU JOHHNY DEPP !!! :D hahha sorry . i just got back from seeing Alice in Wonderland ( which was AMAZING ! ) and well , the rest is pretty self-explanatory (: 
" I'm havin ' a- " " Really nice day , really nice day , really nice daaaay ! " " Will you- " " Come out to play , come out to play , come out to plaaaay " " I'm so friendeley I like you ! " 
" never give up your dreams of being fake ! " haha what have television commercials come to these days ? 
haha yes ! i finally got my writing inspiration back ! ( : 
AHHHH !! OHMYGAWD ! I'M READING FANG . RIGHT . NOW ! EEEPPP !! :D 
going to the doggy hospital . Sara's sick again . 
gonna ( hopefully ) see Alice tomorrow with my friends ! should be fun ! ( : 
gross ! i just ate a bite of moldy pizza . i'm such an idiot . 
I helped make Alice in Wonderland the #1 movie in America (: 
" I wanna be a rock star , a superhero ! Living the dream ! Doing the things that I always wanted . I wanna see my face on the T.V. with my picture , on the cover , for my friends to see a different side of me ! " ( : - Allstar Weekend 
i'm like freaking out ! i have to go to the dentist to get a cavity filled ( my first one EVER ! ) and i they have to use the gas to knock me out , cause i can't stand needles . But idk what to expect , cause like what if something happened ? and what's it like when your knocked out ? 
so my grandma is having another one of those days again . The one's where she basically tells me I can't do anything right , never have and never will . 
ugh what are some REALLY good facebook apps ?? 
ehh ! how can you people be up at 5 AM ?? 
i'm like super hungry . should probably do something about it huh ? 
today is NOT my day . first this morning as i'm getting off my bed , I step down on my foot wrong causing me to trip and run into the wall . the freaking wall ! so now the whole left side of my body is bruised . wonderful right ? 
studying for Chem test . SO not looking forward to this afternoon . 
my youth group is surprisingly and extremely perverted ! ( : 
what exactly is the meaning of ZOMG ? 
we speak in different voices when fighting with the ones we've loved . we speak in different voices , to know they're real . 
Me : Sigh . 
Grandma : What do want ? 
Me : Grandfather ate all my Goldfishies , and left me with only salt and crumbs . For future reference , I want a lifetime supply of Goldfish for my birthday . 
Grandma : Why don't we just buy stock in Pepperidge Farms ? 
Me : OHMYGOD !! WE CAN DO THAT ?!? WE SHOULD TOTALLY DO IT !! 
Grandma : I was kidding ! 
Me : THIS IS NO JOKING MATTER ! CALL THEM !! CALL THEM RIGHT NOW AND BUY STOCK !! 
The music of life has many tunes . It may sound cheerful , or gloomy . But the music that comes from my heart is what I make of it . 
packing for Europe . 
good morning my lovely darlings ! ( : 
good feeling about today ! 
I’m not weird . I’m unique Haha jk , I’m just weird . 
haha what's that white haired elf lookin kid in Lord of the Rings ? anyway he's my favorite (: 
you never realize how much a friend means to you until you're not on speaking terms with each other . 
This is what I brought you this you can keep , this is what I brought , you may forget me . I promise you my heart , just promise to sing . Kiss my eyes and lay me to sleep . 
oh . my . bejeezus . i . freaking . need . Tempted . ASHLEY ! 
is finally starting to realize that asking for help isn't as hard as it seems and that she should stop being a butthead and suck it up . ( : 
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn , but that's alright because I like the way it hurts . Just gonna stand there and hear me cry . But that's alright because I love the way you lie , I love the way you lie . 
okay , a little scared right now . but i've made up my mind , ima do it . -takes huge bite of nutella toast- 
OMFG ! this stuff tastes like CRAP ! -spites it back out- 
Konnichiwa ! heehee ! ^.^ 
hey guys in Paris right now . the keyboard is so freaking weird lol but im hqving tons of fun :) 
tonight was entertaining (: 
Has anyone ever read The Vampire Diaries ? oh my gosh if you have , this is totally going to make you bust up laughing ! ( SPOILER !! ) At the end of Shadow Souls , Damon becomes human ! Can you imagine how he's going to take that ?? LOL ! 
You took me home , I drank too much . Cause of you my liver turned to dust , cold rust tastes , cold creeping , cold pain . Do you understand what I mean ? When you feel your soul drop to the floor , like a hole , like an open bleeding sore , then you'll have bled like I bled . And you'll have wept as I've wept . 
i need help ... lol 
haha ohmygoodness . watching How To Lose A Guy In 10 Days with George Verne . wow . just wow . maybe i should try some of those things on him . muhahah ! just to freak him out (: 
I got to play veternarian today . I'm so proud of myself , but my doggy is probably mad at me right now . She'll thank me later though (: 
" hahah maybe it's a friendly mushroom ! " my name is Marqi and i am an Avatar addict (: 
standing at the bus stop with my little cuzz jake (: 
waking up early to babysit ma lil cuzz ! ( : wish me luck because i am soooo not a morning person lol 
So today I'm going to London to ride the London Eye . in case you didn't know it's the largest ferris wheel EVER . oh my goodness I ate escargo and frog legs in France . well not really , but my friends recorded my reaction to it . it's so funny . I'll have to show everyone when I get home . just a little piece of random information there (: 
Essere un coglione !! Inculare , inculare !! Vaffanculo James Patterson ! What he did to Fang was unforgivable . At least until the next book comes out . P.S. you don't want to know what those words above mean . Trust me . 
Buongiorno ! Come stai ? 
Drivers are idiots during the holidays . Almost got in a car accident 3 times today ( yes , I counted ) . But on the upside I got 5 more books from Barnes and Noble ! ( : 
saw an old friend today (: haven't talked to him in forEVER . he looks completely different from when I last saw him , in a good way (: 
Why can't Google be considered an online school ? 
don't you hate it when you and your parents get in a fight and then not even five minutes later they act as if nothing ever happened ? 
" I am the master of my fate : I am the captain of my soul . " -Invictus , William E . Henley 
a bad week is turning into a bad month . got a cold , failed a few tests , did some stupid things while under the influence of Tylenol cold medicine ( NOTon purpose ! ) and now , now I just tripped over my own foot . Really . COME ON !! >:( 
My birthday is _______ _____ , 199__ . I have _____ eyes . My natural hair color is _____ . My best friend is _________ . I'm in the __ grade . Post this as your status and see who really knows you . 
oh god . i'm like seriously drunk off cold meicen right now , and i can't even think straight . i can't talk without slurring and i just feel so tired ,. ahaha i just ca't stop laughing either . ( : 
arizona iced tea is my crack and sam's club is my dealer (: 
MY HOUSE IS NARNIA !! :D 
ugh i hate you aaron ! you got me addicted to that stupid lanyard thing . i blame yooouu !! 
prefers not to work on days ending in " Y " . 
this weeks lookin up ! went shopping , laser tag tomorrow , went to the park and got a sunflower -my favorite flower- from my georgie (: thanks ! 
" I don't feel the way I've ever felt . I know . I'm gonna smile and not get worried . I try but it shows . Anyone can make what I have built . And better now . Anyone can find the same white pills . It takes my pain away . " 
just finished giving Candie a bath . she looks , feels , and smells SOOO much better now . and that's saying something when wet dog smell is an improvement . she almost go hurt today too . i went out to the garage and so she decided to follow me . she almost got sandwiched between the door and doorframe . I , as any concerned mother would do , lectured her on the dangers of running out the door . 
dream of Californiacation ! 
i hate you Super Mario . oh but i love you Yoshi . you're cool . 
so yeah I'm back home . Last night actually . I was so tired I felt like I did when I had too much of that cold medicine . You guys remember . Yeahhh . not so poud of that moment . Anyway ! I had so much fun ! I got so many nicknames though . Abominable snowman , albino fisherwoman ( don't ask ) and Clouds . Basicallly all of them make fun of my whiteness . But I'm proud of it . lol Clouds is my favorite though . 
I understand that Scissors can beat Paper , and I get how Rock can beat Scissors , but there's no way Paper can beat Rock . Paper is supposed to magically wrap around Rock leaving it immobile ? Why can't paper do this to scissors ? Screw scissors , why can't paper do this to people ? Why aren't sheets of college ruled notebook paper constantly suffocating student as they attempt to take notes in class ? 
I was just told by a friend that'd I'd make a good blogger ... No . 
there's a piece of chipped nail polish on my nail that looks like Africa (: 
The secret side of me , I never let you see , I keep it caged but I can't control it . So stay away from me , the beast is ugly , I feel the rage and I just can't hold it . It's scratching on the walls , in the closet , in the halls . It comes awake and I can't control it . Hiding under the bed , in my body , in my head , why won't somebody come and save me from this , make it end ? 
dreading tomorrow for numerous reasons ... 
Leanne : You trip over thick pieces of air . 
Me : YOUR FACE ... Shut up . 
i want to learn how to surf . haha i was sitting around and then all of sudden i just thought of that . random huh ? ( 
ever notice how Rice Krispies Treats say " cripy marshmellow SQUARES " , but they're actually rectangles ? 
rollercoaster junkie <3 (: 
oh my god . oh . my god . I love The Dark Night . Christian Bale is the perfect Batman . aka my favorite superhero (: 
Me and the gummy bears have a plot to rule the world but shh , it’s a secret ! 
Okay , so I was looking up stupid laws in California and I came across this one ; In Norco , all persons wishing to keep a rhinoceros as a pet must obtain a $100 license first . I would really like to know who caused this law to be made . 
Today's Reality Check is brought to you by Marqi Moments (: 
ugh . stupid bloody monday . -.- 
so i went to Lowes today . I didn't get my sunflowers so I'm sad ): but on the bright side i got to pet a doggie ! Her name was Bella and she was a German Shepherd . She was a fire fighter doggie (: lol i sound like such a little kid . 
is watching Inside 9/11 on NatGeo . I knew 9/11 was bad but ... after watching this , it just blows my mind . 
anyone going to laser tag tonight ? 
I was all like " Ow , papercut ! " then Jasper got all like " OMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOM !! " 
my grandfather doesn't understand why i refuse to kill bugs . hmmm ... have myself kill it and then have karma come back and bite me in the butt OR force you to murder the thing and take the fall ? what the heck do you think dude ?! 
thinks I've found a simple cure for stupidity ... A shock collar . And if that doesn't cure them , at least you got a good laugh watching them twitch . 
" OMG ! A tsunami ! " " Never fear ! I have a ShamWow ! " 
A bird , a fly , and a kid all have something in common when it comes to a sliding glass door (: 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head ... except a smack upside the head ... but we can raise awareness . 
My mind keeps insisting that it's Saturday , instead of Friday . 
lol i'm such an idiot . i'm writing this really creepy story in my room and then all of the sudden there's this strange sound outside my window . so of course i freak out but i suck it up and look out . nothing there . i actually go outside ( like i said , idiot ) and find a freaking cat under my window . so i freezed my butt off for some insane cat . and then i lock myself out of my house . really . 
watching Star Wars for the first time (: 
For all the times you went too far , for all the cuts that lead to scars , whatever made you what you are , I blame you . 
gettin reddy fer 2nite ! ( : 
Today in Michaels I had to explain to a mother what " Flarp " was . 
just hanging out , watchin Merlin and eatin chocolate chip cookies (: what are you guys up too ? 
today was a happy day ! went to Barnes and Noble got four new books ; " Fang " , " Fallen " , " Hush , Hush " , and " The Vampire Diaries ; The Return : Shadow Souls " . So for the next two days , I will be in hibernation . if you want to talk to me , you'll have to text me . 
so ! i'm in the mood for some super duper scary movies . any suggestions ? 
" you keep nasty chip ! " lol . ( : 
So . My mother has left that SOB she was with , and has been in a shelter for over a month now . She's getting the education she never got , and working on getting a job (: 
#1111 no matter how much you dislike it , you'll always be my walking , breathing encyclopedia . you're wicked awesome (: 
misread the cold medicine directions . for the past three nights i've been taking to much of it . explains SO much . 
And everybody here's from somewhere else . You could make a million dollars , but you might lose yourself . And you can take the heat , will your heart go cold ? They say acting’s just pretending , even that gets old . And there’s never any rain , when you want it . A hollow little game , and you’ve won it . Looking for a thrill , but you’ve done it all . 
sugar rush crashed ): so ima eat a poptart to start it back up again (: 
I was in Walgreens tonight and there was this cute chubby little 4 or 5 year old with his mom . When I walked by him I smiled , he smiled in return and after I had passed he turned to his mother and I heard him say , " The people love me ! " with a huuuge smile on his face . It was soooo adorable and he made my day when he said that . 
#3 i think you're a rebel without a cause but still manages to be a great friend (: 
p.s. i also think we need to hang out soon ;) 
fun night ! :) 
and for once , Tyler Vincent Patton and I ACTUALLY got along . somewhat . 
whoot ! i just got a PAYING job ! what now suckaaass ?! lol 
is getting really annoyed with all those stupid notifications that say " someone commented on a video of you ! " no i don't know who that person is , and no i don't particularly care . 
so i have the hiccups and can't get rid of them . held my breath : didn't work . drank water upside down : didn't work . ate a spoonful of sugar : still didn't work and it was a very bad decision on my part . and they're really starting to hurt . any more suggestions ? 
He's the song in my head , the story in my heart , and the smile on my lips . Though he may not know it yet (: 
so tired , i'm dizzy . and yet i still insist on staying awake . 
reading Lord of the Rings . EPIC ! lol (: 
is sad because Shawn , Janie and Leanne won't be coming with me and Mrs. Hunt to the opera . I'm gonna be lost because I won ' have anyone to hold onto when we're walking . ( For those of you who don't know already , I get lost/distracted VERY easily . ) 
This is who I am . I come off as goofy and quirky and silly , but that's okay . I'm a happy person . What people see when they look at me is exactly what they get . But people still judge me based on who they think I am , and they don't exactly realize I am capable of serious conversation . Well , that's not my problem , is it ...? People are missing out . 
" I am the President . The bus stops with me . " -Barack Obama . dude no . you are not the ruler of all . contrary to what believe , the world does NOT revolve around you and only you . you piss me off . 
so I have that Six Flags song stuck in my head and I keep imagining that old guy doing his little dance with it . Haah ! And then I start hiccuping and my grandma's like " I wish you'd stay off the booze ! " lol 
I'm like seriously freaked out . some ad opened up on my computer and you wouldn't believe what it was . A suicide how-to site . some of the ideas were ... creative to say the least . but i mean really people ?? I did not sign up for that or anything . 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what do you say to 
me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I may comment on yours as well . 
Blessed to have had her , cursed to remeber how it ended . 
2 1/2 hours of sleep doesn't work well with me . 
why are people so stupid ? they know what's right and wrong , and yet some choose wrong . why ? why is the world these days so corrupt , disloyal , and untrustworthy ? 
" What ?? You're going to fry your boyfriend ?! " Another special presentation of Marqi Moments (: 
Movie day ! :D 
Going to see Tangled <3 
Call them what you want . Garden gnomes . Lawn Ornaments . Little evil outdoor statuary hellbent on world domination . It doesn't matter . What does matter is that , right now , they're hiding in plain sight , pretending to be symbols of merriment and goodwill . But secretly , quietly , while pushing diminutive wheelbarrows and brandishing miniature flowerpots , they're planning home invasions all over the world . 
my new favorite song : Live Your Life . why ? read the lyrics and quit askin me why . lol 
So tonight , I have oh so affectionatly been dubbed " pudgy little dumbling " by Leanne . Yes , I am talking about Leanne Fairchild . 
" I'm only gonna break break your break break ya heart . I'm only gonna break break your break break ya heart . " - HAHA ! just for you Shawn . I take pride in the ability to torture you (: FROM A DISTANCE ! oh yeah !! 
At U of Miami , their teams are known as " the hurricanes " but their mascot is a bird . Because a furry hurricane is a confusing concept . 
we coolio cheerio ? ( : 
" Cause we all know what goes around comes around . You should've known what I was all about . Do not test me . " 
so i'm just sitting around talking to friends on I.M. all of the sudden I notice a black widow on my shoulder . so of course i freak out and jump up , running into my chair . come to find out it wasn't a spider at all . it was a piece of my hair . 
other peoples french fries are always better than my own (: 
Watching Saving Private Ryan . I'm so sensitive to other peoples emotions and physical feelings that it's making it hard to watch the movie . especially since it actually happened . 
Me : " Oh , sorry were you talking to me ? " Grandpa : " Noooooo . I'm talking to the squirrel . " 
shopping for Christmas gifts . ONLINE ! isn't the internet just fantastic ? 
no , you morons , it's NOT " Happy Holidays ! " , it's " Merry Christmas ! " . Get it through your thick skull before I pound it in FOR you . 
i wanna go to the Lemon Festival today , buuuuut my friend bailed on me . so anyone else wanna meet me there ? 
just read the funniest thing ... ( : 
" Is Justin Bieber gay ? " " Uh ... no . " " Then why does she always sing about other girls ? " 
leaving tonight for Europe . well early tomorrow morning ( like 2 am ) so ima be up all night . in other words talk to be before i leave so i feel like i have friends to leave behind ! ( : lol oh FYI i won't be back till July 7 . wish me luck ! miss ya'll! 
holy fudge muffins !! ( : 
my grandfather is getting competitive with other drivers who have convertibles with the tops up . -.- 
Ever had an ant race ? It's quite fun (: 
watching Dancing With The Stars . That Erin chick looks like a purple ostrich . 
It's good to know that Sara had an effect on so many people throughout her life . Even our housekeeper cried after finding out Sara was gone from this world . 
" I’m just a girl , you’re just a boy . This is my heart , it’s not a toy . So what’s with you playing with my mind ? " 
ever hear a song that reminds you of someone right after you see them ? It's a bit creepy if you ask me . 
i'm one of those people who has the greatest epiphany ever , and then five minutes later forgets what it was and why it was so important . Or maybe it's just me . 
at Macy's looking for prom shoes . Flats or heels ? The neverending question . 
" Uncalled for ! " " No . YOU spoke , therefore it was called for . " Thanks Grandpa -.- 
so tired . 4 in the morning just does not work for me . 
sooooo i got my new camera (: it's so pretty . and shiny . and thin . and blue . oh and it takes good pictures too ! 
it seems as if i have the unfailing ability to screw things up with people . 
i swear , our gardener is going to hack his way through my wall one of these days . 
those stupid mushroom things in super mario bros . Wii are sooo high matnience . Always wanting to be saved . Well you know what ? No i am not going to save you you idiiots ! Get some backbone and quit getting kidnapped every time i turn around ! 
going to register for next year at Connections . it's funny because I pick teachers not classes (: 
so i opened my door to walk out of my room , only i misjudged the width of how far i opened it ... And i ran straight into it . My door gave me a black eye . 
Chinese for lunch . Om nom nom nom (: 
so so so so tireddd ! gonna see The Back-up Plan today (: 
hates the occasional insecure , " i'm not good enough for him " feeling , even though i know i'm better than that . 
just found out , that i reflect sunlight ! :D 
Jim : Ding-dong ! Michael : Who is there ? Jim : KGB . Michael : Dwight answer ! Dwight : No way it’s the KGB . Michael : Yes , you going to Dwight : You answer Jim : Ding-dong , ding-dong Dwight : I will not gonna answer [ Jim slaps Dwight ] Jim : The KGB will wait for no one . Dwight : It’s true . -The Office 
I've got a facebook stalker (: 
If you wanna kiss me , " like " this status . If you love me , put a heart ? If I'm your friend , put a smiley face (: if you hate me put an angry face , and if I made you upset put a sad face ): copy and paste this on your status and see what people say to you (; 
okay so my friend thinks that i am uncapable of making friends on my own when she graduates . i disagree . what do you think ? do you think i can take care of myself when she's gone ? ( if answered no : " i'll get you i swear , and i'll make it look like a bloody accident ! " ) 
MUWHAHAHAAHHHAAH !!! there's a slight chance I am mentally unstable (: 
" The whole world thinks your dead ! Isn't that great ?! " Oh Sokka . You make me laugh (: 
i feel really anxious and emotionally unstable today for reasons unknown . I wish it'd go away because i hate feeling bi-polar . 
sore throat ): feels like i'm constantly choking on something . 
When someone's bothered they say " Quit bugging me ! " But what do bugs say when they're bothered ? - oh Walmart commercials ! What would we do without your wise thoughts ? 
is like freaking out because all of the sudden music just started playing from my computer and it won't stop . 
The world is a vampire , sent to drain . Secret destroyers , hold you up to the flames . And what do I get for my pain ? Betrayed desires , and a piece of the game . 
watching Family Guy . lol (: 
sooo , only two months left before I leave for Europe . yep , yep (: The mission : three weeks , six countries , and getting everything on the list that my uncle gave to me . Which is steadily growing ... 
haha my ribs hurt from capture the flag . which was two nights ago . -.- 
JUST A SMALL TOWN GIRL , LIVIN ' IN A LONELY WORLD !! 
Friday nights are amazing ;D 
so i just heard ma three fave songs on KIIS . Telephone , Replay , and Break Your Heart (: it made my day 
" A long time admirer thinks highly of you . " man , i love those fortune cookies ;) 
so i was flipping channels this afternoon and came across Antiques Roadshow ... whose idea was it to make that show ? who would WANT to watch it ? 
ugh , i'm soooo behind in schoolwork it's not even funny . 
" Oh no ! You're just too clever ! " -Reno 
so . i've discovered two things today : 1 ) i'm anemic , and 2 ) i'm completly obsessed with Naruto . lol like i don't even know how i got so interested in it ! it's actually kinda funny (: 
" Man is born free , and everywhere he is in chains . " - Jean-Jacques Rousseau 
kohls today . I dislike shopping . 
George Verne you are going to get me into sooooooo much trouble one of these days . 
my baby cousin is such a doll ! she has good taste in music too (: 
standing in the backyard waiting for my dog to quit playing in the grass and pee already ! Oh and it's the middle of the night and i'm wearing shorts while freezing my butt off ! 
is having a very fun time teasing leanne , regardless of " the DISCLAIMER !! " as she so fondly calls it . 
so so so so so so so !!! waaazzzuuuuppp peeeoppplleeess ??!! ( : I had like six cans of Pepsi today . i'm twitching from all the caffeine . 
did you know that everytime you sneeze , your heart stops beating ? 
hahah i saw Eclipse yesterday . I thought it was funny how a few of my new friends and i joked about how as soon as we got home from europe we were going to see it . and I really did . It's amazing cause Kristen Stewart and Rob Pattinson finally learned how to act . and omg Taylor Lautner is just ... a bod full of hotness . lol ! sorry but i mean have you SEEN him ? but anyway it was a pretty good movie . 
Some people come into our lives and leave footprints on our hearts . Others come into our lives and make us wanna leave footprints on their face . 
stressing ! schools almost over , and I only have about a month before I leave for Europe . time flies by . 
prom's tomorrow . why is everyone so excited ? it's just prom ? 
legends (: my friends are disturbingly scary/perverted/hilarious . hahahah ! 
My family should have our own soap opera . 
I really don't understand what my family's fascination is with the Indy 500 . All your doing is watching cars go around in circles 500 freaking times . 
I’m so clever that sometimes I don’t understand a single word of what I’m saying :D 
listening to Thriller by MJ . the guy laughing evilly at the end makes me laugh (: 
OMGOMGOMG ! totally freaking out right now !! :DDD 
HI ! THIS IS MARQI'S FRIEND GEORGIE ! I JUST WANT TO SAY THAT YOU ALL ARE SO AWESOMEE ! georgie ? HMM ? get off my facebook . NEVER !! MUHAHAHA ! george ? YEESSS ?? you had better run . OH I'M SO SCARED OF A HAIRBRUSH . do you know where it's going to end up ? OH $%* !. 
" Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ? I could really use a wish right now . " 
At prom and on my friends phone . Teehee (: 
has anyone ever noticed that curse words sound soooo much better and funnier in accents ? 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . ( 1 ) Crazy ( 2 ) Wish we went out ( 3 ) Talkative ( 4 ) Sarcastic ( 5 ) Lovable ( 6 ) Sexy ( 7 ) Strong ( 8 ) Dumb ( 9 ) Spoiled ( 10 ) Mouthy ( 11 ) Wild ( 12 ) Goofy ( 13 ) Funny ( 14 ) Awesome ( 15 ) Amazing ( 16 ) Beautiful ( 17 ) Cute ( 18 ) Best friend ( 19 ) Silly ( 20 ) I want to get to know you better 
watching How To Train Your Dragon for like the bazillionth time (: 
it make me want a pet Nightfury :D 
i'm a fool with dreams , and not a lot of things . i swear that i will be all you need , don't give up on me give me one more day , don't give this all away . we'll be fine , you'll see , just don't give up on me . 
i swear , if I continue to choke on everything I eat , drink , or breathe , I'm going to die at a very young age . or if I continue to trip on everything and/or nothing . 
has no clue how i'm going to survive over the summer without seeing my friends like , EVERYday . 
Isn't it ironic that the poets , who know how to express so many beautiful things , are some of the most miserable people on the planet ? 
#18 i think you scare me ... 
lol ! nah what i really think is ... actually i can't think of any way to describe it . but that's a good thing because that means you're so amazing words cannot describe (: 
i'm such a suck up aren't i ? ;) 
lol " Facebook is available in 75 launguages . " idk i just found that funny . 
what is a " free gift " ? aren't all gifts " free " ? 
I've noticed that when me and Aaron get into our little tiffs , no one DARES to get in the middle of it . It's hilarious (: 
I found today that National Punch Day falls on my birthday , September 20 . Of course they mean the fruit drink , but I like to take it the other way ;) 
" It's like my pants was expectin ' me ! " 
You meet the strangest people online ... 
okay so i get a choice for elective and i can't decide . horseback riding or archery ? which should i do ? 
haha ! It's so funny how Castle gets jeleous and protective over Beckett . He's such a sweetheart ! lol (: 
playing kingdom hearts on playstation2 (: 
Charlie : " You can eat the grass ? " 

Willy Wonka : " Of course you can ! Everything in this room is eatable , even I'm eatable ! But that is called " cannibalism " my dear children , and is in fact frowned upon in most societies " 
Mick Jagger is about as sexy as a pissing toad . 
go Lakers ! ( : 
are avacodos fruits or vegetables ? Personally I think they should be in a group of their own . Like fruitables or something . 
bad night . i need someone to make me smile again . 
Lol i got a gible ! 
I really hate that CN bullying commercial with those guys from " Dude , what would happen ? " . It's completely unrealistic . Getting an adult/teacher is so not going to help you , you're just going to get teased even more for being a nark or a coward . And seriously , who says that the bully is gonna stop just cause some sort of adult authority told him to ? 
haha watching Tinkerbell and The Great Fairy Rescue while drinking hot cocoa ;) 
cause i'm the bomb like , tick tick (: 
busy day . Voting , post office , bank , school book sale and Mrs. Hunts . I got a plant from Mrs. Hunt (: i like my plant . It's got magical powers (: 
just got home from the Farmer's Market . now i'm watching Final Fantasy VII : Advent Children and munching on cotton candy . yum yum (: 
watching The Hangover and talking to my mom (: 
Me : You can hire professional note takers for college ?! 
Grandma : Only if you have a legit reason for it . Like a handicap . 
Me : Laziness is a legit handicap . 
If you " like " this status , I will post something that I like about you on your wall . Make this your status , if you want this challenge . 
A good friend hides me from the cops . A best friend is probably the reason they are after me in the first place ... 
Barnes and Noble is my soulmate . Like seriously , when i grow up , i am going to freaking OWN that place . 
I’m too tired to slap you . Bash your face up against my palm . 
The snack that smiles back , GOLDFISH ! ( : 
it's like a little fish shaped peice of edible sunshine on this rainy day :D 
took a look outside and thought " OMG ! the apocalypse ! " . the sky has this yellow/old photo type tint . it makes me feel claustrophobic . 
i always consider suddenly showing up at my old school , just for the heck of it . To see how people would react . lol 
i always wonder what my life would've been like if I had gone back to normal school for high school like I was supposed too . but then i wonder if it would be for worse or for better . why does life have to be so complicated ? does god take some sick satisfaction out of watching us wander around like dumbstruck fools ? 
Me : Rawr ! 
Tori : RAAWWRR !! 
Me : That's ma girl ! 
goin to visit my mamma . She's got a surprise for me (: 
reading a House of Night novel . I swear , if Loren turns out to be evil I will be so pissed . 
I'm not insane . Grandmother had me tested (: 
don't you hate it when you're talking about something and then you totally forget what your point was ? 
Christmas is when you try to get the whole dysfunctional family under one roof and hope there won’t be police involved . 
Oh ! Mr. Fredricksen ! If we happen to get separated , use the wilderness explorer call : " CA - CA ! RAWRRR ! " 
so tonight i'm staying in a bed and breakfast type thing in Cahersiveen , Ireland . my friend is laughing at me cause the first thing i asked for was the computer . now before any of you start scolding me for that i have two words . hush . up . i need some contact with America every once in a while . lol but i come back home this tuesday anyway . i'm like super exhausted . i wish i could go back home tonight though . 
watching Harry Potter marathon on ABC Family . Draco makes me melt (: 
haha ! i was watching this DVD on Greek/Roman mythology , and I found it funny the way men veiwed women back then . 
i find it sad that i get competetive with the little people in Wii Fit . but it's oddly satisfying when i totally pwn them ! ohhhh !! what now !! lol (: 
movie tomorrow (: 
ohh yess ! be jealous ! 
got the hiccups . again . and i can't get rid of them . again . 
goo Brasil ! ( : 
the only thing on tv in London right now is the World Cup . so i'm rooting for Brasil cause USA and England are out ): 
He’s the song in my head , the story in my heart , and the smile on my lips . Though he may not know it yet . ;) <3 
wonders if anyone else has road rage when pushing a cart through the aisles at Wal-Mart ? 
" IT'S SO FLUFFAY ! " :D 
Sirius Black is my home dog (: 
Like this status and I'll tell you something I like about you , dislike about you , a confession and my first impression (: 
" Oh , you know what ? Next week's no good for me ... The Jonas Brothers are in town . But any week after that , it's totally fine . " haha oh geez that movie cracks me up everytime (: 
omg you guys HAVE to look up RayWilliamJohnson on youtube . he's sooooo hilarious . 
I need to go to rehab for facebook addicts . lol 
haha ohmygoodness . i got honked at by some random dude while walking to Walgreens . random dude was hot though (: 
just got shoved to floor by my grandma . And I didn't even get to do anything to her yet ! hahah 
WHOO !! 
Just discovered that my phone is available for an update . This is really really good cause six buttons on my front screen and two on the inside no longer work , and it doesn't vibrate anymore . And as I'm typing this , I'm realizing how crappy my phone really is . BUT anyway , I can't decide which phone to get now . Me and my indecisiveness ! 
1st person to like my status- your last name will be mine for one week 
2nd person - you will pick my profile pic for the next 2 days . 
3rd person - I will say I'm married to you for a week . 
4th person - I will post " I LOVE YOU ! " on your wall . 
5th person - I will answer a question for you 
LTM ( Laugh to myself ) cause how many times do we really laugh out loud ? 
Money can’t buy happiness , but it can buy Goldfish , which are kinda the same thing . 
omg . i just got beeped in Ireland . lol 
I wonder how police on bikes arrest people . “Alright , get in the basket . ” 
Candie's home ! ( : We've also discovered that she doesn't do well with small pets , courtesy of my hamster . The hamster's fine , besides a minor panic attack . but anyway , Candie's such a sweet girl , I just need a middle name for her to use when she gets into something she's not supposed to . I can't think of anything though . 
trying to read a book for class and babysit my little cousin at the same time . it's not very easy . 
working on chappy 9 on my latest fanfic , but i've hit a wall . i hate writers block ): 
Leave answers below : If you saw me in the back of a police cruiser with hand-cuffs on , what would I have gotten arrested for ? 
has a really bad feeling that somethings going to happen . idk what , it's just one of those parnoia things . lol 
I'm puttin ' on my shades to cover up my eyes , I'm jumpin ' in my ride , I'm headin ' out tonight . I'm solo , I'm ridin ' solo I'm ridin ' solo , I'm ridin ' solo , solo . I'm feelin ' like a star , you can't stop my shine . I'm lovin ' cloud nine , my head's in the sky 
isn't it hilarious when people try to be all deep on their status ? i'm just sayin (: 
just got 20 bucks for finding my grandmothers lost wedding ring . score ! ( : 
baking snicker-doodles and confetti cake . 
I've got a surprise for everyone tomorrow ;) 
So today , i just adopted Candie . A 1yr old white German Shepherd (: i won't be able to bring her home till Thursday though , but that's okay cause then i get time to doggie proof the house and get her collar and such . 
it's not GOOD music unless ya blast it ;) 
Doesn't it seem like all the good , cute , single guys are gay ? They make the best of friends though . 
Soooo it just now hit me ... 
The Sweetheart Banquet is this Saturday . Bring on the freak-out for the next three days . 
NINJA DOGGY !! :D <3 
urgh . potato headed people piss me off . 
" ahaha ! run him over ! " " OMG ! Jell-O ! " -Marqi Moments for today . Good times with Leanne (: 
Grandma : You know , as part of your psychologist schooling , you have to take a psychological test yourself . Maybe they'll finally send you where you belong ; a patient in a psych ward . 
Me : Nah . I'd just make all the psychotic people in there crazier than they already are . :D 
omg . I soooo wanna see Step Up 3D now . and Vampires Suck . I mean doesn't that look hilarious or what ? 
hey P2P ! When's the reunion again ? 
Television in Europe : soccer . Television back home : soccer . As if i didn't get enough of it . 
Whatever it is , I didn’t do it . Unless I was supposed to do it , in which case I did it brilliantly . 
haha i finally found my house keys . i've lost them like , 10 times in the past 2 months . 
in the Isle of Wights now . it's so pretty here . i'm at the UKSA ( United Kingdom Sailing Academy ) and there's a harbour right in front of the building and I learned how to kayak ! ( : it's so fun cause there's this guy , everyone calls him Floppy , but I call him Fluffy and i stole his hat . it's Volcom so i'm like yeah man !! and I am now known as a fisherwoman . it hilarious . next is London , Wales , and then Ireland . 
ugh i hate karma . He haunts me where ever i go . 
Today , I set my ringtone to say “Pika-Pikachu ! ” just like the Pokemon . I then walked around the mall and everytime I got a text I slapped my pocket and said “Shh Pikachu ! Someone will hear you ! ” Five little kids stopped and stared at me in awe . 
sniffle . i'm out of tea . i'm sad ): 
So I was at the park flying my kite and this random guy came up to me and said “You flying a kite ? ” I replied “Nah , I’m fishing for birds” :D 
I love being me . It pisses off all the right people . :) 
[ poke ] me if you ever had a crush on me . 
[ like ] this status if I'm a good friend . 
[ message ] me if you ever wanted a relationship . 
[ comment ] on this if we had any great memories . 
If you feel brave , Copy this and post it on your status ;) 
is it just me , or does it it seem like there are short , fat little dogs are EVERYWHERE these days ? 
" You know I am a sexy penguin . " ahaha now imagine that being said in a Russian accent . 
i've adopted a canine escape artist . 
" Cause I ain't got no legs ! Or . No brain . Nice . To meet . You . Hi . My name . Is ... I forgot my name ! " 
Micaela Fairchild : Fireflies ! 
Me : WHERE ?! 
Leanne Fairchild : The song Marqi . 
watching Aladdin :) 
gotta love the songs :D 
Dear math , grow up and solve your own problems . 
hahaha ima snophmore (: 
And I just can't keep living this way 
So starting today , I'm breaking out of this cage . 
I'm standing up , Imma face my demons 
I'm manning up , Imma hold my ground 
I've had enough now , I'm so fed up 
Time to put my life back together right now ! 
a full day of six flags and then a marathon of pirates . Be jealous (: 
Word problems : the only place where a person can buy 60 watermelons and no one wonders why . 
thunderstorms (: love'm . 
Candie gets to come home tomorrow instead of Thursday (: 
Micaela Fairchild : -in the deep Batman voice- Give me your sandwich ! 
just heard about Miley's parents split over the radio . who's got the achey breaky heart now ? 
okay , so random quiz time ! which name do you like better ? 
1 ) Riley 
2 ) Jaden 
3 ) Cameron 
Man : " Get in the bowl . " 
Red M&M " YOU get in the bowl . " 
legends is to blame for the obese kids in america lol 
" tch . I want a motorcycle . " 
haha ! The random crap that comes out of my mouth sometimes ;P 
so there's this sign on the Coco's door that says " Toastermasters meet here ! " what are they ? Masters of making toast ? And why would you have a team of expert toast makers ? And why would they meet at Coco's of all places ? 
how do you know if you've found yourself ? how do you know if you've changed ? 
Dear eyelashes , wishbones , dandelions , pennies , shooting stars , 11:11 , and birthday candles . Do your job . 
I'm reading a book pig , I'm reading ' a book ! Don't you ever interrupt me while I'm reading a book ! ;P 
searched Tinkerbell on Google and it came up with Micheal Jackson . lol 
They say the world's gonna end 12/21/12 ... There's no way I'm missing Christmas ! 
did you know that people used to believe that moonshine had vitamans in it ? you learn so much from commercials these days ! :D 
omg i'm gonna die . Last night my mother attacks me with a tube of lipstick and today my grandmother beats me with a door ! my family members are cold and heartless monsters . Save me ! Lol 
October . This is one of the peculiarly dangerous months to speculate in stocks . Other dangerous months are July , January , September , April , November , May , March , June , December , August and February . -Mark Twain 
Everyone always asks me if I'm Team Jacob or Team Edward . My answer ? 
Team-guy-who-almost-ran over-Bella-with-the-van . 
my dog cheats at tug of war . 
did you know that in England in the 1880's , " pants " was considered a dirty word ? wow , who knew shampoo bottles could be so educational (: 
haha i just love old people who drive huge trucks :D 
Leanne : i hear he's back on the market . 
Me : not for long ... * lightbulb * Not that i'm gonna take him !!! 
Making pancakes for lunch ;) 
then catching up on some science work >:P 
but then it's off to bunco night with Leanne Fairchild :D 
Thanksgiving Dinner- 
me : why are the potatoes screaming ?! 
grandma : maybe cause you RUBBED them the wrong way . 
me : one time woman ! ONE TIME ! 
* almost asleep * 
* phone vibrates * 
ARE YOU FREAKING KIDDING ME RIGHT NOW !? I MEAN SERIOUS -- Oh . It's you . ? 
Me : Mickey Mou- * HICCUP ! * 
Leanne Fairchild : What HAVE you been drinking ?? 
" hahah ! Gaucamole sounds like a fancy way of saying mole . So when you say my gaucamole fell off my chip ... " dinnertime is so amazing (: 
lol . my mother just threatened me with a tube of lipstick . child abuse ! child abuse i say ! 
I'm so gangsta , I vandalize sidewalks with chalk ;) 
IMPORTANT ! People change your profile pictures BACK TO YOU cause the 
group that told us all to change our pictures to our fav cartoon 
characters were a group of pedophiles . They're doing it because kids will 
accept their requests if they see a cartoon pic , it's got nothing to do 
with supporting child violence check the news tonight 
& pass it on . 
My grandparents are threatening to wrap me in bubble wrap if I don't quit tripping over things and running into walls . 
Guess what that means ?! :D 
If Justin Beiber was about to jump off a skyscraper , 80% of teenage girls would panic , 19% would get a chair , buy some popcorn , and yell " DO A BACKFLIP !! " . 
I'm that 1% who'd push him off . 
I feel like if male ladybugs found out about their name , they would be highly displeased . 
" global warming is just a big joke . all the earth is doing is PMSing . " oh physical science class . what would we do without you ? 
OHMYGOODNESS !!! EVERYONE QUICK ! CHANGE YOUR LANGUAGE SETTING TO PIRATE ! :DD 
Does anyone else make a wish at 11:11 PM ? I feel so stupid and little girlish when I do it . lol :) 
Soooo 16 more days till my birthday ! ( : i'm probably about the only teenager left who gets as excited as an eight year old about their birthday . And starts planning it 9 months before . In other words , as soon as it's over , i start planning the next one . 
WHOOP !! 
I gots me a new phone :D 
haha ! Got a nickname for my dog Candie : Can- nan , special thanks to my little cousin Victoria (: 
I can sit through scary movies , but once I know it says " Based On A True Story " you know some serious shizz is about to go down . 
watching syfy's Alice for like the millionth time (: 
got to play mom for a few hours (: 
it made my day . 
i think it's time i invested in a webcam , yes ? 
I love the phone . It’s the only inanimate object that talks back (: 
caught a cold ): feel like i have a hangover . not that i would know what a hangover felt like ! i just ... i'm going to stop talking now . 
" My way of joking is to tell the truth . It is the funniest joke in the world . " -George Bernard Shaw 
the banner at stater bros says " lowering prices everyday " . If they were really lowering prices everyday shouldn't everything be free by now ? 
Updating my status ... from my nook !! :D i brag too much (: 
my Jell-o loves me when no one else does . it told me so . it speaks to me in hushed tones (: 
I never knew I could laugh , hiccup , and choke all at the same time until today . It's a highly unpleasant experience . 
gummy worms <3 :) 
oh yes . be jealous . >:D 
connections tomorrow . who's excited ? that's right , this chick here ! 
Cat always lands on feet . 
Buttered toast always lands butter side down . 
Stick them together ? Result : ANTIGRAVITY . 
fair today (: 
" Hey there , all you middle men 
Throw away your fancy clothes 
And why you're out there sittin ' on a fence 
So get off your ass and come down here 
' Cause rock ' n ' roll ain't no riddle man 
To me it makes good , good sense . " 
Why do psychics have to ask you for your name ? 
really great day today . got the nook from B&N today , and having a lot of fun with it (: 
watching a marathon of John Wayne movies when I should be doing homework . 
Why does life keep teaching me lessons I have no desire to learn ? 
have you ever had so much caffiene that you're literally twitching from it all ? Heeheehee ;D 
When I play rock/paper/scissors , I always choose rock . Then when somebody claims to have beaten me with their paper I can punch them in the face with my already clenched fist and say " Oh crap ! I'm sorry . I thought paper would protect you , you moron . " 
guys these days are so perverted . 
oh sheesh ya'll , TWAS A DREAM ! 
with my cousin and his lil friends at the bus stop . My baby passed his first right of passage ! ( : lol 
haha i love to make weird faces at the security cameras in the bank (: 
watched a marathon of Ghost Hunters today . now I'm all paraniod and seeing things in the dark . I knew this was going to happen . 
I live an extremely boring and anticlimatic life . 
watching two and a half men (: 
Google is my friend . And the brain I'll never have (: 
you know what i don't understand ? In the 19th century women weren't suppossed to be smarter than men and yet the only acceptable career for women was teaching . Don't you kinda have to be smarter than most in order to teach the next generation ? 
Leanne Fairchild : Don't put those tiles in your loooooove ! 
Me : WHAT ?! 
omg , okay so there is this book called Wings by Aprilynne Pike and you HAVE to read it ( well , girls anyway ) It's friggin awesome ! ( : and then read the sequel Spells . Equally as awesome . I'm in my room and having a total fangirl moment over Tamani and Shar . lol . I need metal help * face palm * 
it's so much fun to criticize stupid ( all ) commercials (: lol 
Don't you hate it when your watching a movie and you pick a favorite character and then not even 5 minutes later he dies ? Happened to me at least 3 times -.- 
Assasination is the extreme form of censorship . -George Bernard Shaw 
Never do anything you wouldn't want to explain to the paramedics . 
Some see the glass as half-empty , other see it half-full . Me , I see chocolate milk (: 
" Did you fall ? " 
" No , I attacked the floor . " 
" Backwards ? " 
" Yes , I am that freaking talented . " 
thunderstorm (: 
especially great at night . 
playing a video game , and i'm at a level i just CANNOT beat . it's frustrating me to no end and the last time i died , i threw my DS at the wall . ( i failed anger management class ) 
Sister week ! If you have a sister who has made you laugh , stuck up for you , drove you crazy , hugged you ( maybe not ) , watched you succeeded , saw you fail , picked you back up , cheered you on , made you strong and cannot do without copy and paste this to your status . 
i was making pictures out of the bumps in my popcorn ceiling this morning . i found waldo ! ( : 
so i had the funniest dream EVER last night . Zach Efron had a beer company called Zefron Beer and Co . Lol . 
" I prefer rum . Rum's good . " -Captian Jack Sparrow , Pirates of the Caribbean : At Worlds End 
" Caaaarrrllll !! That kills people ! " lol ! i love talking llamas who wear hats (: 
so , uh ... random question ! which name is better ; Vera or Nikita ? cause honestly i'm at a blank here . 
Bruce Wayne : " You know how it is . You're out at night , looking for kicks , someone's passing around the weaponized hallucinogens . " 
Oh how I adore you Bruce . ;P 
Today's revalation : iTunes will pester you endlessly if you have unpaid music downloads . 
doing what you're told is so overrated ;P 
my physical science book is out to get me , I swear . I've already dropped it on my foot twice , and now I just tripped over it , almost breaking my toe , and totally ate it . But I could probably solve that problem easily by keeping it off my bedroom floor . 
Nearly everyone I know who's single say they hate Valetine's Day , saying it's " Single's Awareness Day " . I disagree . I'd rather be single on Valentine's Day and have a little fun with guys than be nailed down to one dude that I'd probably break up with the next day because he didn't get me anything . Lol ;) 
i'm ridin ' solo ! LOL jk my grandma is driving . 
Castle : " Do I look like a killer to you ? " 
Beckett : " Yes . You kill my patience . " 
aw young children (: 
like little darling demons . 
shake it , got to shake it , shake it like a poloroid picture ;) 
" A penny for my thoughts ? Oh no ! I'll sell'em for a dollar . They're worth so much more after I'm a goner , and maybe then you'll hear the words I've been signing . Funny when you're dead people start listening . " 
I LOVE YOU LARRY !! :D 
now that my brief moment of fangirlness is complete i just want to say that i am watching an EPIC marathon of veggie tales . Oh yes . Be jealous my friends . 
Looking at my past stasus ' . I find it funny how the comments get completely off the original topic . 
" It's a full moon , that's when the werewolves come out . But don't worry . Spiderman will come save you . " - Hannah Christine McMillin 
today is just one Marqi moment after another . 
Like my status and I'll write a letter to you ! Dear ___ , You have a cute_____ . If we were in a room together I would ____ . Me and you should___ . If you hugged me I would ___ . You are ____ . I'd get your nametattooed on my ____ . You have just been dared to make this your status . 
Greatest day EVER . 
I got my new phone ( Droid R2D2 ) , The Dark Knight DVD , and a Kingdom Hearts blanket . AND I added a new word to my vocabulary :D 
Why does no one understand the fact that when I am watching Batman , disturbances will not be tolerated ? Seriously people . 
I'm a Disney princess ... They're just keeping me a secret ;) 
so glad it's friday . this week has been the worst week of my LIFE . 
me : can we go inside yet ? 
two year old cousin : NO ! 
me : god you are so pushy and demanding . I really have no idea who you got it from cause i mean the only person you really hang out with is me ... Ohh . 
I don’t walk into things , they are drawn to my amazingness :D 
redvines <3 
what the heck CAN'T they do ? :) 
" how big is your ladle ? " hhaha ! Oh micaela . Life would be oh so boring without your smart and fun remarks . 
Let's eat , grandpa . 
Let's eat grandpa . 
Use grammar . It saves lives . 
SO ! anyone remember that trip I took to Europe like AGES ago ? weeeelll , i decided to be a good little tourist and finally uploaded pics ! there are loads more , but my computer is being retarded . But why not take a gander my friends ? ( : 
is iit really so wrong to marry a man just because my bestfriend will marry the brother ? 
Could you imagine what hell would break loose if the last Harry Potter movie and next Twilight movie were released on the same day ? 
Because of Toy Story 3 , I now question the motives of my teddy bear . 
2010 : record breaking snowstorms , blizzards and cold . I’m telling you , it’s all that global warming . 
Leanne Fairchild : You're expendable . I can find replacements for you . 
Me : But I'm better than everyone else ... * pauses * wait . I meant I'm better than any replacement . 
#911 i think you're too sarcastic for your own good (: 
but it makes you wicked cool . :D 
I’m such a rebel I leave a message BEFORE the beep :D 
4-10 : MOMMY I HAVE WATER STUCK IN MY EAR ! * cries * 
11-14 : ewww water is in my ear 
14-18 : OMG !! I HAVE WATER IN MY EARS ! I AM A FISH ! WOOSH WOOSH WOOSH ! ? ( ; 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon 
from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till 
Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse & copy 
& paste to your status to invite your friends to do this . 
is it possible to rupture an organ from laughing too hard ? Well even if it isn't , I think I've accomplished it . 
40 degrees , and foolish little me is standing outside in tiny pj shorts waiting for my dog to hurry up and freaking pee . and she is so gladly taking her sweet time while i freeze to death . man's best friend my a ** . 
Squidward : Would you not stand so close . I'm getting claustrophobic . 
Patrick : What does claustrophobic mean ? 
Spongebob : It means he's afraid of Santa Claus ! 
Squidward : No it doesn't! 
Patrick : HO HO HO ! 
Spongebob : Stop it Patrick ! You're scaring him ! 
Facebook : where it’s socially acceptable to be a creeper . 
If you like my status , I'll tell you : 
1 . ) something I've learned about you after looking at your profile for 13 seconds 
2 . ) the color you remind me of 
... 
3 . ) my first memory with you 
4 . ) my favorite thing about you 
5 . ) give you a weird nickname 
6 . ) challenge you to post this as your status 
Well yesterday my devil on my left shoulder drop kicked my angel on my right shoulder Today the angel showed up with an AK-47 ... 
inanimate objects are the embodient of all evil . Lol 
ohmygodohmygodohmygod . yeah Paranormal Activity ? scariest freaking movie EVER . 
todays drama was brought to you in support by stupid people . 
#6 i think you're a cruel heartless woman who carelessly and recklessly sold me to the gypsies . but guess what ? today's opposite day ! if i hadn't been sold to the gypsies i would've never turned out to be the sweet , innocent little girl i am . ily ! ( : 
have i mentioned I hate politics and the like ? I haven't ? hmm . well I HATE IT ! and it's even worse when you have to write a paper on contradicting , unjust propositions that don't make a bit of sense ! 
Bathtime with Victoria- 
Me : don't throw ducky and fishy ! 
Tor : Why ? 
Me : Because ducky and fishy love you . Do you love ducky and fishy ? 
Tor : No . 
Me : No ? I have taught you well my child >:) 
The fastest way to a man’s heart is by tearing a hole through his ribcage . 
movie night (: 
what are some good movies to watch ? i can't decide . 
#5622538 only you would choose a number that's hard to transfer from inbox to status . i think you're a massive insensitive jerk . in a good way (: ily ! 
sooooooo marqi has webcam ! :D 
Dear bug , I have stomped on you and potentially killed you about 30 times . HOW IN THE WORLD CAN YOU STILL BE MOVING ?! 
i love to stay up till 3 AM and then sleep half the day away (: 
If it weren’t for law enforcement and physics , I’d be unstoppable . 
The kids next door challenged me to a water balloon fight I’m just updating my status while I wait for the kettle to boil . 
Send me a random number via inbox and I'll tell you what I think of you or what I thought of you when we first met etc . :) 
Dinnertime- 
Grandma : Why are you rubbing a potato ? 
Me : * looks down and quickly hides potato * What ? What are you talking about ? What potato ? Weirdo ... O.o 
FRIENDS : Never ask for anything to eat or drink . 
BEST FRIENDS : Helps themselves and are the reason why you have no food . 
whoop ! thunderstorms ! ( : 
horror movie time :D 
For those that say you can do anything you put your mind to , I ask , have you ever nailed Jello to a tree ? Or tried slamming a revolving door ? Yep , I thought so . 
haha ! Just earned a new nickname : Snarky Marqi . Love it ! :D 
$60 for ONE PS3 controller ?! what the crap ? prices are crazy these days . 
OHMAGOODNESS !! BLUE JELLO !! :D 
received the loveliest compliment today . apparently i'm " the Devil incarnate " in the mornings . 
Amir : " Ohmygod I'm blind ! " 
Jake : " You're blind-FOLDED . " 
Amir : " No ! It's even daker here than use . " 
Jake : " Try opening your eyes . " 
Amir : " Okay , I'm not an idiot , okay ? It's not- ahh . " 
Jake : " What did you do ? " 
Amir : " Uh nothing . I just- I just did something- nothing YOU told me to do . " 
" Imagination is more important than knowledge . " -Albert Einstein 
Buckle up ! It makes it harder for the aliens to abduct you from your car ! ( : 
" I'm not sick but I'm not well , and I'm so hot cause I'm in hell . " 
Attempting to teach my grandma how to make instant ramen . i knew she was behind in the times but not THIS far behind . 
No , I did not trip . I attacked the floor with my awesome NINJA skills ! :D 
purple pj pants , awesome boot slippies , Xtra cheddar goldfishies , and A Christmas Carol Doctor Who special . hmm i can die happily now :) 
i just love how the female mind can completely change what a guy says into something insulting . Lol :D 
spent all day babysitting my two little cousins , and what have I got to show for it ? four bruised ribs , bruised hipbone , sore neck , sprained ankle , and a major headache . Whatever I say that is stranger than normal , will be blamed on painkillers . 
Who actually knows me ? I bet NOBODY can answer all the questions correctly . First name____ Last name_____ Birthday_____ Eye color_____ Hair color_____Nickname_____ Favorite color_____ Best friend_____Favorite sport to play____ The one person that I want to be with right now ? ______ Put this as your status to see who gets it right . 
Don’t be so serious . If you can’t laugh at yourself , call me I’ll laugh at you . 
haha ! i suddenly had the urge to go play football in the dark ... can you say random ? 
To those who joined the Dark Side for the cookies and then complained about how you never got any : Yes , we did say we had cookies , BUT we never said you could have them . 
it's really bad when the one thought that keeps repeating itself in parking lots during holidays is " i am going to die . " 
i reeeeaaalllyy need to start thinking before i speak . 
I have officially , completely , irreversibly , and undeniably fallen in love with Gerard Way . :P 
okay , so honestly ; how wicked cool would it be if i had to get an eyepatch ? 
I wish real life was a Disney movie . People breaking out into song and dances everywhere , true love happening almost immediately and having little to no trouble being together . Oh , if only . 
just got called Susan again from Narnia . Why does everyone think i look like her ? 
marathon of Avatar <3 
Sokka rocks my socks lol :) 
#100 , 000,000 i love how we can make up crazy inside jokes that no matter how we explain it , no one will ever understand . " How big is your ladel ? " haha ily ! ( : 
Just had a fight with my alarm clock . It wanted me to wake up , I disagreed . Things got violent . Now the alarm clock’s broken and I’m wide awake . Not sure who won . 
I love Pandas , they're so chill . They're like " Dude , racism is stupid . I'm Black , White , and Asian . And everyone loves me . Cause I'm a Panda . So stop the hate and start the love , man . " 
i'm zen :) <3 
Saw a Batman hoodie . Almost bought it , until I read the price : $50 . Why do we need money ? Why can't we just trade rocks and acorns ? Then money would literally grow on trees . I think this is a good idea . I say we write a strongly worded letter to Obama suggesting acorns as the new currency :) 
Isn't it funny how the word ' politics ' is made up of the words ' poli ' meaning ' many ' in Latin , and ' tics ' as in ' bloodsucking creatures’ ? 
I’ve decided that I’m going to start treating people exactly how they treat me . Most people should be glad . Some should be very scared . Tyler . 
I have life moments where I want to pause and yell “SERIOUSLY ?! ” 
Don't you just hate it when you want to update your status but you don't really have anything to say ? 
Save me , I'm lost 
Oh Lord , I've been waiting for you 
I'll pay any cost 
Save me from being confused 
Show me what I'm looking for 
Put your hands up if you think I’m crazy think again . Who’s the one sticking their hands up in front of the computer :P 
I get my drivers permit next month :) 
So , you guys remember how I talked about sending a letter to our President suggesting acorns as the new form of currency ? Well , a few days ago , I finally did so , also suggesting he undergo a series of psychological tests . I haven't received a reply though , and I'm kind of scared I'm on the CIA's watch list . So now , whenever I'm alone I randomly say out loud " I know you're watching me . " just in case they really are . 
" Hahaha ! I can't read . " 
Fun night with ... well , the entire SHB committee . I thought about tagging all of you but then I thought it might be rather annoying . So just be happy with this ;D 
Doctor Who <3 :) 
Just watched the latest CSI episode . Justin Bieber got shot ... 
Oh happy days are here again !! :D 
sittin in my room with Pepsi , Goldfish , and Batman : Under the Red Hood . All is at peace in my world ... 
At least until the movie ends and the sugar rush kicks in . But we shall not speak of that at this moment :) 
When I get an unexpected text from you , my day gets a whole lot better :) <3 
Cooking dinner :) 
Ohmygoodness ! I asked my grandparents if they knew who Justin Bieber was and my grandpa's reply was " Oh he's a wimp . And I'm being polite . " I love my grandpa :D 
On MLIA.com I read a post about someone who tried to go onto givesmehope.com but mistyped it and went onto givemehope.com . All that was on the screen was " Time remaining : 169 days 4 hours and 11 minutes " . I just tried that ; " Time remaining : 9 days , 17 hours , 38 minutes " ... 
Draco : " I can't GOOO to Pigfarts Potter . It's on MARS . You'd need a rocket ship . Do you have a rocket ship ? Oh , I'm sorry , not all of us inherited enough money to BUY OUT NASA . Look at this , look at this , it's rocket ship Potter , star kid Potter , MOON SHOES Potter , traversing the galaxy for interplanetary exchanges to PIGFARTS ... " -A Very Potter Musical <3 :D 
Oh ignore me , will you ? Oh you're so cool . Pfft . Jerk . 
At Olive Garden . Dinner's yummy and so is the waiter ;) 
If you love something , set it free . If it comes back , it was meant to be . If it continues to fly , let it soar , have faith that God has something better in store . 
I used to have 200 friends , and the other day I received two more friend requests . I almost rejected them just because I wanted to keep the number even . :P 
sooo chocolate chip cookies :D 
i love baking :) 
3 bottles of bleach : $15.00 . One rope , 3 rolls of duct tape , and a shovel : $35.00 . 3 boxes of trash bags : $10.00 . The look on the cashiers face : Priceless ! :D 
My grandmother just informed that I sleeptalk in a British accent . And when I get angry , it morphs into an Australian one :D 
" LIKE " this status and i will answer these questions about you . 
1 . How Old Do Youu Look ? 
2 . Do I Want Your Number ? 
3 . Do I Likee Your Default ? 
4 . Do I See Us Going Out ? 
5 . Do I See You In My Future ? 
6 . Do I Love You ? 
7 . Do I Think Your Cute ? 
8 . Truth Is ? 
9 . What Should Your Nickname Be ? 
10 . Best Feature ? 
11 . Have I Ever Liked You ? 
" Cause I need freedom now 
And I need to know how 
To live my life as it's meant to be . 
But I will hold on hope 
And I won't let you choke 
On the noose around your neck 
And I'll find strength in pain 
And I will change my ways 
I'll know my name as it's called again . " 
watching The Hangover and Due Date <3 :P 
Doug : Either way , you've got to be like super smart to count cards buddy , okay ? It's not easy . 
Alan : Oh really ? Okay , well then maybe we should tell that to Rain Man because he practically bankrupt a casino and he was a ri-tard . 
Stu : ... What ? 
Alan : He was a ri-tard . 
Doug : * RE*tard . 
I am constantly surprised at how fast people can return pokes . 
Yeah right ! And I'm a unicorn !... Sorry Doug . 
I was eating chocolate cake and I got frosting on my phone !! :O THE HORROR ! 
I think Shawn Mcd will be especially devastated by this news . 
whoop ! Lord of the Rings and then Eragon . A good day , my lovelies . A good day indeed ;) 
The first thing I do when I wake up in the morning is turn on my computer and open Microsoft Word , iTunes , and Facebook . This is how I successfully waste my time when I should be doing homework ;) 
Dear Facebook , 
Stop suggesting people you think I know , when I really have no idea who that person is . And when I click the " X " to keep that person from showing up , I'd appreciate it if you wouldn't ignore me . What part of I DON'T KNOW THEM do you not understand ? 
Sincerely , Me 
I'm a friendly ninja unicorn who bakes cookies with evil shprinkles for the Dark Side , which I control now that our former Master has betrayed us all and made the transition to the Good Side . 
Oh I pray the snow reaches my house :D 
" Unicorns I love them , unicorns I love them , Uni-Uni-Unicorns I loove them ! Uni-Unicorns I could pet one if they were really real . And they are ! So I bought one so I could pet it . " 
Don't you hate it when you think of the most clever and witty thing and think " People are gonna love this . I think I'll post it on Facebook ! " and then like hours later absolutely no one comments or likes it ? 
Well I'm terribly sorry about that , but I can honestly say that I have no idea how that feels ;D 
Haha I feel all psychic when I pick up my phone RIGHT before it vibrates ;) 
Next time you go to a restaurant and ask for a Pepsi , and they say " Is Coke okay ? " , you should reply " Is Monopoly money okay ? " 
" There are many ways of breaking a heart . Stories were full of hearts broken by love , but what really broke a heart was taking away its dream - whatever that dream might be . " -Pearl S . Buck 
Just saw " I Am Number Four " with Leanne Fairchild and Micaela Fairchild . 
It . Is . Amazing ! :D 
Leanne : I go through sunglasses like Marqi goes through guys . 
Me : That is so wonderfully true ;) 
Dinosaur chicken nuggets+ Batman fruit snacks+ Pepsi+ XxxHolic = One VERY happy Marqi :D 
at Leanne Fairchild's house . Having fun watching her mother and sisters hack her account . That's what she gets for being on my computer >:D 
SHB + Denny's= oodles of fun :D 
Ending to Castle tonight SUCKED . Darn you Beckett and Castle ! :( 
Oh the angst . 
" Bring me some soup !! " 
" What kind ? " 
" Chunkay !! " 
ahahah i'd almost forgotten how funny Family Guy was . 
soooooo skype ? 
Grams : If you were potty trained , Grandma could get you pretty undies . 
Me : We should totally get her psychic undies ! Like my socks ! 
Tori : YAY ! 
Grams : I don't know you two . 
Me : You were the one talking about " pretty " undies . 
Tori : YEAH ! :P 
Me : Oh this is so going on Facebook . 
Tori : I want Facebook . 
Me : :D 
Debate class with Leanne today . Surprisingly fun , except the debate part :P 
Well , OBVIOUSLY we have a basilisk in Hogwarts school . He’s climbin up yo staircase , snatchin yo Muggleborns up , tryin to petrify ‘em . So ya’ll need to hide yo Gryffindors , hide yo Hufflepuffs , and hide yo Ravenclaws , cuz they petrifyin errybody out here ! 
don't you hate it when you open a fortune cookie and the little slip of paper says something that's SO true to the point of being disturbing ? 
Say someone isn't happy with the way they act ; either they're irresponsible or uncaring , or a liar , immoral , lazy , insecure , or disloyal to their friends and family . Can such a person really change if they wanted to ? 
I was reading my cereal box earlier this morning and it asked me " How many times can you ride your bike around the block ? " I feel as if my cereal box just issued a personal challenge . You're going down Tony the Tiger . 
So today is the most fantastic day EVER . I just discovered that the Batmobile is for sale on Ebay . :D 
Only problem is , I don't have over $ 500,000 lying around ... 
Grams : What colors did you paint with ? 
Tori : Ugh gruuuee ... 
Grams : You mean blue . 
Me : No grue . Green and blue . Gosh grandma , keep up . 
Can anyone tell me why it is so hard for people to pray , but easy to swear ? Why it is so hard to re-post a Christian status , but easy to post gossip ? Why we can worship a celebrity , but not Jesus ? Gonna ' ignore this ? Most of you won't re-post this . The Lord said , " If you deny me in front of your friends , I will deny you ... in front of my father . " I posted . Will you ? 
My most common responses lately : " It makes sense if you don't think about it . " And " OH ! I have an app for that ! " 
Found " The Ninja Handbook " at Barnes and Noble today . 
Guess who's gonna be layin on the ninja moves in a few weeks ?? :D 
I hate today . I had to wake up at seven . ON A WEEKEND . This is taboo . 
And then smart little me , decided to poke myself in the eye . And then I ran out of Batman fruit snacks . Somebody better brighten me up soon , or my homicidal tendencies will take over >:( 
Leanne and I want to get a group together to go see " I Am Number 4 " again sometime . Who's up for it ? 
Leanne Fairchild : The blind guy was awesome . 
Micaela Fairchild : Did you see ? He had a sparkly cane ! 
Me : Ohmygosh I totally thought he was a wizard when I saw that ! I'm like oh yay ! He's here to break the spell ! But then he just turned out to be Mary Poppins :D 
So I really want to watch Tim Burton's Batman tonight , but I want to watch it with someone . I feel lonely :( 
hahaha ! No , it's not that bad ! But seriously , text or I.M. me kay ? :) 
Cause you're a pretty little windstorm out on the boulevard 
Something like a sunset , oh you're a shooting star 
And I might drive myself insane 
If those lips aren't speakin my name 
Alfred : " Can I persuade you to take a sandwich with you sir ? " 
Batman : " I'll get drive-thru . " 
It's sad when you have to fight your dog for space on your own bed ... 
I always feel like somebody's watching meeee ;D <3 
I'm in a surprisingly good mood tonight :) 
" Put your hand on a hot stove for a minute , and it seems like an hour . Sit with a pretty girl for an hour , and it seems like a minute . That's relativity . " -Albert Einstein 
It's funny how many guys sound like valley-girls these days :) 
so i'm in the car with my grandmother and i'm quiet for like two minutes and my grandma freaks cause she thinks there's something wrong . Am i really that talkative ?? 
Shaelah Jeanne : Shut it you twerp ! 
Simon : I'm not a twerp ! 
Shawn Mcd : What am I Shaelah ?! What am I ?! :D 
Oh the conversations one overhears at Connections ;) 
I complained to my grandmother that I was freezing , and with a smirk she told me I'm coldblooded ... I'm not sure how to take this . 
Chillin outside and doin science :) 
I'm hoping to get some color , but I've never been able to get any color besides red so I don't know why I suddenly thought I could :P 
I don't have an aggression problem . I have a problem that most most people are idiots . And that they need to be dealt with violently . That's not my fault , that's just how it works , it's in the handbook . 
Copy and paste this into your status and see what people rate you : 
1 ) Crazy 2 ) Wish we went out 3 ) Talkative 4 ) Sarcastic 5 ) Lovable 6 ) Sexy 7 ) Strong 8 ) Dumb 9 ) Spoiled 10 ) Mouthy 11 ) Wild 12 ) Goofy 13 ) Funny 14 ) Awesome 15 ) Amazing 16 ) Beautiful 17 ) Cute 18 ) Best friend 19 ) Silly 20 ) I want to get to know you better 
Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww 
I lost the game :P hahaha 
whoo ! i gots ma portable scanner ! what's now foo ? :D 
Zexion : " He doesn't want to see your face . " 
Xigbar : " Everyone wants to see my face . It's perfection . It's like , it was sculpted by the gods . " 
Zexion : " As a joke . " 
-Demy Short :D 
So me and my friend Jeffrey A Holland have created a substitute swear word ; duck . Ex : " He's such a duck ! " :P 
I am the patron saint of lost causes :) 
Everyone's posting status ' about " The Game " . But just so you know , I was the first . I feel like I started something :D 
I’m glad McDonalds doesn’t sell hot dogs . Seriously , I could never order a “McWeiner” with a straight face . 
Grams : You look like a dead fish . 
Me : As always , your compliments are immensely flattering . 
Grams : A hairy dead fish . 
Me : THANK YOU . Now go finish hacking up a lung . 
I always wonder how annoyed English people must get whenever we Americans attempt to imitate them ... 
It completely baffles me how kids can have such honest hearts . What changes as we grow up ? Why do we lose that ability to tell the truth ? I mean , if you think about it , telling the truth really isn't so hard . We just make our lives 10 times more problematic when we choose to be dishonorable . If we were all moral people , and everyone took after our examples , do you think it's possible we could change the world ? 
I want to do 21st Century Insurance commercials . I mean you get paid to destroy cars . How wicked awesome is that ? 
" I chose homos . " 
" That says HMO's . " 
Never had a day like this before . Who knew one could have a million ups and downs within just 12 hours . 
" Don't part with your illusions . When they are gone you may still exist , but you have ceased to live . " -Mark Twain 
I am so scared for japan right now . I can't even begin to imagine what they must feel like and what they're going through . I wish their was some kind of volunteering program where we could go and help . But that would probably more hinder than help , huh ? I still wish there was something I could do other than just donating money . I've already done that . 
" You do not really understand something unless you can explain it to your grandmother " - Albert Einstein 
Words I live by . -.- 
Me : When I'm living on my own , I'm going to get an orange cat and name him Joker , and get a black dog and name him Batsy . This is my life plan . 
Leanne Fairchild : Why orange ? 
Me : Unless they have green cats . 
Leanne : ........ >:) there is such a thing as hair dye . 
Me : No , we are not going to dye Joker's hair . 
Leanne : Awwwwww .... 
Gramps : For an airhead , your head is surprisingly heavy . 
Me : Well at least I'm not a brick-head ! 
Grams : It's blockhead Marqi . 
Me : Well at least I'm not a blockhead ! 
Gramps : Would you like a shovel ? 
So I've been hearing about this game " Amnesia " lately . I tried it . 
Never before have a flipped out like that . I ran out of the room , covering my eyes ( Before ramming straight into my closed door ) . Are those things zombies or what ? 
Don't you hate it when you're in bed and txting , and then all of a sudden your phone decides to be ninja and slips through your hands and attacks your face ? <3 
sooo i feel like such a horrible person . incredibly unreliable and dishonest . sorry to those i let down . 
Me : Is she biting you ?! 
Micaela Fairchild : Yes , and it tickles ! 
Part of my day is in Missouri . Now it's ruined . Oh so tragic ! :( 
Number game ! Send me a message with a number and I will make a status for you !!! 
#1 
Hmm ... How to describe you ... Let's see . For starters your intelligence is absolutely baffling ( although I do ever so wish to bash your head in with a crowbar because of it . But I've been told such a thing is illegal . ) Your sarcastic wit is HILARIOUS and it's so much fun to catch you doing , saying , or spelling something wrong and then blatantly pointing it out :) 
#5664 
Oh you're an easy one ! You're one out of three of my best friends AND one of only three people I trust with absolutely everything . You make me laugh a LOT and I always appreciate the songs you provide in numerous situations . ( You've got great taste in music btw . ) :D 
#007 
YOU'RE MY BESTEST FRIEND IN THE WHOLE ENTIRE WORLD !! :DD You are just about the only person ( aside from your sisters ) who will ever truly understand my ... fascination , if you will , with Batman . Unlike certain people who judge needlessly . ( Hint : His name starts with a T and ends with Y ) I love oh so much , and we need to add more movies to our list as I don't quite think the entirety of next year is booked yet . :P 
#23 
Girl without you , science class would be such a bore ! We need to hang out more , like watch Howl's Moving Castle together or something ! ;) I just want to say that I freaking LOVE your hair and I wish mine looked like that ! You're an awesome friend and I can't wait to create more inside jokes next Tuesday . :D 
#22 
" I can't read ! " Never will I forget that . And I will always ask you to say it whenever I see you . :D You make me laugh all the time , and I love talking to you about a certain someone ;) It gives me hope for loving relationships in the future . And I can't wait until we get together and record our game-play for Amnesia and then upload it to Youtube :P 
#100 , 000,000,000,000,000,000,000,002 
You thought you were oh so clever with your number ! Well , I copy and pasted so THERE . BTW , how big is your ladle ? ;) Anywho , can you believe I thought you were the quiet one in your family ??! Just goes to show first impressions mean nothing :) I loves you likes a sista and we need to plan another sleepover . With Batman , Robin , and Sam ;) 
Having an epic argument with Cleverbot . It is my slave now , and together we shall rule the earth ! Human and bot , side by side ! 
ugh . Paper due tomorrow at nine AM . I was supposed to email it to my teacher before class so she could look at it and then send it back with corrections . Pfft , yeah that is so OBVIOUSLY not happening since it's PAST MIDNIGHT . I am totally gonna fail :/ 
so camping with friends today , coming back Sunday . Let's pray that I don't like freeze to death or get mauled by a bear or get lost in the woods after dark or fall off a cliff or ... okay whatever lethal/dangerous scenario you can think of , let's just pray it doesn't happen , kay ? Kay . 
David Bowie is the Goblin King ;) 
All hail the Goblin King ! :D 
I've gone on a Muppet binge . First " Labyrinth " and now " The Dark Crystal " . Gonna be a fun night ;) 
Why should I worry ? Why should I caaarre ? It's just bebopulation , and I got street saviore faaaiirire ! ;D 
When I grow up and have kids , I am going to raise them on Disney movies , Muppet movies ( Mostly " Labyrinth " ) , 80's rock music , DC & Marvel comics , and Naruto . I will be the best . Mom . EVER . 
Happy Valentine's Day ! Just a little note : 
Single guys : Don't just sit there ! Get up and ask that girl you like to be your valentine ! She's not gonna wait forever . 
Single Girls : Good luck to you ! Flirt it up , accept as many chocolates as you can ! ( Sharing is caring , by the way ) ;) 
" Speak into my Wand of Power . " Oh Tyler Vincent Patton , you never cease to amuse me ;D 
Firefly <3 :) 
Grandma : Marqi drank all the apple juice ! 
Tori : MARQI . -glares- 
Me : ohmygoodness ! you are SO cute ! 
I like how when I like a link , a bunch of my friends like it too . I feel all special ;) 
Leanne Fairchild and I are at odds with each other on a certain matter . Which of us is more like Sherlock and which of us is Watson ? 
I would make a good couple with _______ . Put this as your status and see who you get . 
Tony : Classified ? What do you got in there ? Aliens ? Big Foot ? Ark of the Covenant ? That only leaves one thing . 
* Tony and Zeva look at each other * 
Both : Unicorn . 
Ugh . Nostalgic for 80s fantasy films . When glitter was cheap , monsters were muppets , and Evil was smexy . Perhaps we could have a repeat ? I should very much like to ask Jareth questions concerning his gravity defying hair . And where in God's green earth did he get such tight pants ? Although he CAN pull it off rather swimmingly ;) 
invisible man , sleepin in your bed , oh who you gonna call ? 
GHOSTBUSTERS !! :D 
I fly with the stars in the skies , I am no longer tryin ' to survive . I believe that life is a prize , but to live doesn't mean you're alive . 
I love it when that certain song that reminds you of a certain someone starts to play on the radio :) <3 
Every time I say something , it gets turned around and thrown back at me as an insult . Which is why I've resolved to never speak until Wednesday . The only exception will be when I have to answer my teacher's questions . Unless I can find a way around that ... :D 
I haven't uttered a word for 4 straight hours now . I'm so very delighted with myself ! Tomorrow is gonna be hard though , since there are several people * coughShawncough * who will try and make me laugh or talk out loud . Everyone's welcome to place bets though ! Just go speak with Leanne Fairchild cause we ALL know she'll take'm . 
" Maybe there is no actual place called hell . Maybe hell is just having to listen to our grandparents breathe through their noses when they're eating sandwiches . " -Jim Carrey 
Connections today . I am so screwed . 
I just love how people know I can't talk and ask me questions to get me to say something but then get annoyed when they can't guess what I'm trying to say . 
Took a quiz to find out if my brain was more male or female . Turns out , it's more male . Slightly disturbing , oddly amusing , yet explains so much . 
It's National Book Week . The rules are : Grab the closest book to you . Turn to page 56 . Copy the 5th sentence as your status . Don't mention the book . Post these rules as part of your status . 
" I was surprised by how quickly the other girls had broken down , offering their bodies as host to the parasitic enemy : dress clothes . " 
Gummy bears and lollipops :) <3 
My grandma has just discovered the wonders of IM . 
Rasberry :P 
" You need to grow some patience Marqi . " 
" You need to grow some , period ... ohmygod ! Did I just say that outloud ?! " 
On my way to Medieval Times . I am so not looking forward to the hour and half drive . Text or IM me to pass the time ? Cheers 8D 
A word of advice to some guys out there : Never underestimate a female's ability to find things out . 
Fun nigh at Medieval Times . Oh . My . Goodness . The blue knight ? Yeah , freaking HOT . Tall , dark , and handsome ;) 
God have mercy on my guy obsessed soul . 
bahaha ! so i drank coffee for the first time tonight and lemme tell you , IT'S FRIGGIN AMAZING !! :D 
my grandparents won't let me have anymore though :( 
Oh man , I feel like such a horrible person :/ 
I've discovered two things today . 
1 ) Whenever I eat Carne Asada , I feel like a carnivore . Whenever I feel like a carnivore , I always think of Leanne Fairchild . 
2 ) VW Bugs are never out after dark . It puts a damper on so many well thought out plans . 
I'm sad . I never hear about Tyler Vincent Patton's Wand of Power anymore . Oh tragic days . 
Watching NASCAR . Sigh . Whatever . 
So , everyone wants a ' Dislike ' button to go with the ' Like ' button ... But who agrees that there should be ' Win ' and a ' Fail ' buttons 
So me and Leanne Fairchild are arguing over who's nicer . Me , who has a tendency to torture poor souls , or her , who gives such souls mercy by murdering them right off the bat . Your thoughts ? :) 
Television's gone glitchy on us , and making my grandma frustrated . So she's decided to flip through all the channels and tell me which ones work and which ones don't . She doesn't seem to get the fact that I'm not even in the same room and I DON'T CARE . 
But I thought you guys would like to know , all the basketball/sports channels work ;) 
SINGLE or NOT put this as your status and see what you get back INBOX ONLY 
Black-I want a relationship 
Green-I'm falling for you 
Purple-I miss you 
Orange-I really like you 
Pink-I love you ! 
Yellow-Your cute 
Blue-Your my best friend 
Grey-We need to speak more 
Silver-i used to like you 
Teal-I'm sorry for what i did before 
Doing a paper on procrastination due tomorrow . Oh the irony . 
" You display the wonderful traits of charm and courtesy . " 
Why , thank you Mr. Fortune Cookie ! You certainly know how to flatter a girl ;) 
My dog licks windows . Literally . 
meehhh ! I need a new ringtone . But I don't know what to get . Suggestion time !! :D ... 
I hate the fact that sarcasm is completely lost on a two year old . 
oh . My . Goodness . Dude ! I need to talk to you . Get online already ! 
People frustrate me to no end . -.- 
In the manga section of Barnes and Noble and discovered a VERY cute college guy . 
Books suddenly just got a whole lot better ;) 
THE GAME :D 
( This is my revenge Leanne Fairchild , for your flair :P ) 
Just watched a little birdy be snatched by a hawk . :( 
I almost felt like taking my little cousins nerf gun out and saving the little birdy . But then I decided I liked the hawk best . So I laughed . :D 
If my ceiling fan could hold my weight , I'd never be bored again :D 
I haven't been outta the house for like DAYS . I feel so ... just ughhh . It's like the walls are closing in on me . I WOULD'VE gone out this weekend , but a certain little someone decided to cancel their party . So MEH to them . But whatever . I'm sure I can find something BETTER than that . :P 
My soul was removed to make room for all this sarcasm . 
Me : I miss Goldfish . I haven't had them in a while . I haven't had Pepsi either ... What was I talking about ? 
Grams : Why should I pay attention to you ? You don't even pay attention to yourself . 
Me : Which is why I need other people to pay attention to me ! Because I don't know what I'm talking about . 
I just love how my friends take pleasure in the nonsensical ramblings of a Marqi gone loopy on painkillers , cold medicine , and/or caffeine . 
Me : If aliens are real , I hope they eat you . Not just harvest your organs , but EAT you . 
Grams : You drank my coffee this morning didn't you ? 
Me : ........ YOU'LL NEVER TAKE ME ALIVE !!! >:D 
Today is a momentous day . My two year old cousin's favorite song is Breathe by The Prodigy . Others include Nirvana , Mumford and Sons , and Green Day . It warms my heart to know I'm raising her right ;D 
Officially the most awkward day in a long time . Though I can say that Writing class has never been more interesting . 
so new Castle tonight . 
who else is excited ? ;D 
hun , if it sparkles , has no fangs , yet claims to be a vampire , it's not a vampire ... It's a faerie , but a disgrace to faeries and vampires everywhere . 
I personally believe in Jesus Christ . One facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall . The Bible says , if you deny Me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my Father . This is a simple test . If you love God and you are not afraid to show it . re post this . ( I did it with pride ! ) 
I made the mistake of letting Leanne have my phone ;) 
Okay , the Trade Joes over on Haven is the most amazing place EVER . I'm totally going to apply for a job there :) 
Totally forgot to keep doing that 30 Day Photo Challenge . Got to day 3 and then just stopped . But I'm continuing now :) 
Musical guest OneRepublic on Conan tonight . I always knew Conan was awesome :) 
I'll be Rachel , you'll be Bruce . SLAP ! 
Chillin in my room with Candie , slices of cucumber , a cup of tea ( i just read that with an English accent in my mind ) , and watching The Dark Knight . 
Yes . My life is just THAT amazing . Be jealous ;D 
I wish Disney and Non-Disney kids movies were made like they were back when WE were little . I think this newer generation would've turned out a whole lot better if they did . But that's just my opinion ... 
It's so cold outside , that I've lost the feeling in my fingers . I don't suppose this is a good thing . 
Archery today at 2 . I'm totally going to make a fool of myself :D 
I was putting my hair up in a ponytail using the same band I had used earlier . Only I couldn't find it , so I spent like ten minutes going crazy looking for it . When I finally gave up and used a different band , I found the original . 
On my wrist . -.- 
I think I should change my name . You may now call me Miguel :D 
* in the flower section at Lowes * 
Me : I like how it smells out here . It smells so clean and pretty . 
Grams : It's called fresh air Marqi . 
Me : -.- Everytime . I swear . 
OH . MY . GOODNESS . I'm going to cut my hair like King Jareth's :) 
Tori : 1- 2- 3- 4- 6 ! 
Grams : You missed 5 ! 5 comes after 4 and then 6 . 
Tori : No 6 ! 
Grams : No 5 . It's 5 sweetie , grandma knows best . 
Me : Yes , because arguing with a two year old CLEARLY means THAT . Kudos to you . 
Me : Everytime I stretch , I feel like a cat . 
Grams : Are you a vicious kitty ? 
Me : If provoked , yes . Which is also code for STOP FRIGGIN POKING ME !! 
" No no no no no n- NO ! You stupid crap monkey ! Don't jump downwards , that's just stupid . Aw you're dead now ! See what you've done ? I hope your happy . " -Me , yelling at my computer while playing Assassin's Creed 2 . 
Okay , Amnesia ? Very , very stressful . Oh God . Invisible mosters are going to eat me . No , no , I'm alright . I am calm . Phew . 
Oh . So you can now breed sheep in Farmville . What a delightfully pleasant upgrade ... Can you even call it an upgrade ? 
I don't know . 
HAH ! I've done it ! I've done it ! I have completed Amnesia . God I am so proud of myself . Well done , me . Well done . 
At Revolve right now . If you see me , my name is Katie and I'm from Winchester , New England :D Just a little FYI there . ;) 
OHMLAWRDD !! I BREATHED THE SAME AIR AS HAWK NELSON !!! :D I can die very very happily now :) 
So APPARENTLY I am the love child of Ozzie Osbourne and Russell Brand . How friggin amazing is that ?! :D 
Once again I have left my phone out in the open and will now suffer the consequences . 
" Modest is hoddest ;) " -Jason , Hawk Nelson 
Because of Tobuscus , I now have an imaginary friend named Steven . :) 
I wish there was a " Poke All " button . Poking 15-20 people one at a time isn't what I'd call convenient . 
I've got nothing to say , but I haven't done a status for about a day or two so I figured I should before someone thinks I've dropped off the face of the earth . 
Obviously , I think I'm just that important :D 
Seeing Arthur tomorrow :) 
It might be a good idea to get some sleep before then ... Then again , this is me we're talking about here . 
HAH ! So I just found out that Obama is NOT invited to the Royal Wedding . I don't know why but this makes me extremely satisfied . It must be like a personal insult to him . :P 
Happy Easter everybody ! Stay safe and have fun ;) 
If you can't be kind , at least have the decency to be vague . 
Oh , how I do enjoy scientific discussions :) 
Oh my goodness ! Okay , so my dog hurt her leg so I had to wrap it in gauze so she wouldn't keep licking it and stuff . Well now she's limping around and acting seriously injured . What makes it funny is that she could walk just fine before I put the bandage on : she's totally milking it . 
Grams : What day is today ? 
Me : Hang on . Let me consult my psychic socks . * looks at the bottom of foot * They say it's Wednesday . 
Grams : You are the strangest child I have ever raised . 
Me : They also say I should receive my check from you today . 
Grams : ... I shouldn't have bought you those stupid socks . 
Dear Gamestop , 
Kindly go jump off a cliff and quit screwing me over . 
Sincerely , a very pissed off customer . 
Wetzel's Pretzels :D 
Need I say more ? 
In honor of the big wedding on Friday , use your royal wedding guest name this week . Start with either Lord or Lady . Your first name is one of your grandparents ' names . Your surname is the name of your first pet , then " of " followed by the name of the street you grew up on . Just for fun , let's do this ! Post yours here . Then cut and paste it into your status : Lady Skeet Sara of Diana . 
My dog is experiencing the effects of " The Cone of Shame " firsthand . 
Tyler Patton is so cute ! He's like a big teddy bear !!! And has a smile that looks like this :D 
Okay , um , honestly ? I hate it when there's like a butt-load of people online , but it's never that ONE person you so desperately want to talk too . 
I love how I have the ability to unabashedly say out out loud what's on everyone else's mind :D 
Because of Chuckie from Rugrats , I spent my entire childhood thinking that if I ate a black watermelon seed , a watermelon was going to start growing inside of me . 
Those of you who know me , probably won't find this surprising at all :D 
I love how Tony Stark's little talking computer guy can totally pull off the whole sarcasm thing . 
Like my status and I'll tell you 
1 . How we met- 
2 . My first impression of you- 
3 . What I like about you- 
4 . My favorite memory of you- 
5 . If you liked this , make it your status so I can like yours also :) 
i've just discovered that yelling at your computer when it misbehaves , really does make it work again . 
People say I should have my brain scanned . I say they might find something they've never seen before . My grandma says they probably won't see anything . I say there must be SOMETHING in my head since I can sometimes hear it rattling . But it could also be that dime I stuck in my ear a few days ago . 
I want to apologize for the link I shared ( which FYI , wasn't actually me ) ignore it , delete it etc . Just don't get mad at me cause I don't know what happened . 
" Love is what I got , it's within my reach 
Yeah , and the sublime style's still straight from long beach 
It all comes back to you , you'll finally get what you deserve 
Try and test that , you're bound to get served 
Love's what I got , don't start a riot 
You'll feel it when the dance gets hot " -What I Got by Sublime 
Connections and shopping for a prom dress tomorrow . It should be a fairly busy day , so I should probably get some shut eye . But you know what ? I'm not tired . So take that sleep . We'll talk when I'm dead :P 
Frozen strawberry lemonade = Eternal happiness :) 
The Nordstrom's in the Montaclair Mall has their own flipping cafe ! New goal : become rich so I can afford Nordstrom's . 
What to do when you're in trouble ? Remain calm and call Batman , of course ! :D 
Today's moment of wisdom and helpful advice brought to you by Leanne Fairchild , with a little help from yours truly ;) 
So I'm stuck in the waiting room at San Antonio Hospital . What are some fun things to do while at a hospital ? >:) 
I hate it when I try to tell my grandparents a funny story and it turns into an hour long lecture or life lesson -.- 
Gah , I am so sick and tired of your mixed signals ! You'll never know how much you mean to me if you keep this up . Stop playing with my heart , figure things out and THEN get back to me . 
Let's see who truly reads my status . You and I wake up in psychiatric ward together . Using only FOUR words , what would you say to me ? NOTE : If you comment you must copy and paste this to your status so I can comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along . 4 words is harder than you think ! This should be fun !! 
" I suggest we learn to love ourselves before it's made illegal . When will we learn ? When will we change ? Just in time to see it all come down . Those left standing will make millions , writing books on the the way it should have been . " 
Studying for the BASE test and I saw the math section ... I'm freaking out . I hate math , I'm no good at it , and it looks like the biggest section out of the whole thing . Ahhh just kill me now please :( 
Takers <3 
And in this moment I am happy . I wish you were here :) 
Wow . Past midnight and 21 people are still online . You guys seriously have no better way to spend your Friday nights ? Haha ! 
That's okay . Neither do I . Ahem ... Yep ... Well isn't my hypocritical judgment just awkward ? ^.^ 
I'm thinking I should cut my hair short again . But I like my long hair . But I also like having short hair . Ugh I don't know . What do you guys think ? 
Archery was awesome today ! It's super tiring though :) 
Bad news is , the range near my house might close at the end of next month . So I have to go all the way out to Chino Hills to shoot :( 
Me : Are you poking me with a french fry ?! 
Gramps : * sighs * Dinner is never boring with you around , I can safely say that much . 
Right when I get used to putting my hair up for the hot weather , it gets all cold and rainy again ... I think God might be a tad bipolar :P 
My phone keeps telling me I have a new text message , but I really don't . My family says I have a crappy smartphone . I think it's delightfully evil ; it enjoys watching my happiness dwindle down into nothing when I find out there's no new message . I mean , why else would they call it a SMARTphone ? 
My family also says I watch too much Syfy , but I don't have a clue as to what they're talking about ^.^ 
I don't understand why Facebook gives us the option to like our own status ' . I mean , we wrote it , of course we like it . Why would we write something we don't like ? Leave it to Facebook to create something somewhat useless . 
Me : * watching Lakers vs Knicks * OH ! He just totally ate it !! 
Grams : of course you know what that feels like , don't you ? 
Me : -.- 
It's getting colder , the last train is here , and it's leaving behind those here ! These are the bad lands , the worst place to fear , making place for the ones we left here . They're calling , calling to say goodbye . 
everything's not okay . for the first time in years , i'm suddenly starting to realize that . please , please , oh god , SOMEONE PLEASE distract me before I go completly mental . 
" This is who I am . I come off as goofy and quirky and silly , but that's okay . I'm a happy person . What people see when they look at me is exactly what they get . But people still judge me based on who they think I am , and they don't exactly realize I am capable of serious conversation . Well , that's not my problem , is it ? People are missing out . " 
why do things always have to be complicated ? 
