Naqsh fariyadi hai kis ki shokhi-e-tahreer ka Kaghzi hai pairahan har paikar-e-tasveer ka ..... 
is still sitting in front of my computer , waiting for something exciting to happen ... This will take a while . 
Whether a Boileaugunge or Babylon , I know not how the wretched Thing is done , The Items of Receipt grow surely small ; The Items of Expense mount one by one . 
Che farda shavad , fekr'e farda konim 
had his day in the sun and is going back into the twilight shadows where he belongs .... 
its actually very simple : Che farda shavad , fekr'e farda konim . 
Wishes all a happy , prosperous and safe Eid-e-Noorani , aka Diwali 
Remember what the general said . We're the cavalry . It would be bad form to arrive early ; in the nick of time would do nicely . 
is still here .... it means the assassins have't found him yet 
wishes everyone C P ????????? X ????????, Sretan Boži ?, Veselé Vánoce , Hyvää Joulua , Noeliniz kutlu olsun , God Jul , Feliz Navidad , Vesele Vianoce , ?????? ??????, Glædelig Jul , Frohe Weihnachten , Boldog Karácsonyt , Gioioso Natale , Felix Dies Nativitatis , Bade Din ke Mubarakbaad ....... 
Wishes all his friends a very Happy 2010 , filled with all happiness and all the good things of life ... Live Long and Prosper 
I wish it would snow here too ...... 
Migozarad ...... 
Yeh nafrat hai jise lamhon mein duniya jaan leti hai Mohabbat ka pata lagte zamaane beet jaate hai 
Aaj ka sher : Agar bikhne pe aa jao to ghat jaate hai daam aksar Na bikhne ka iraada ho to qeemat aur badhti hai 
Sher of the Day : Der hui ke aasman bar sar-e-ikhtilaf hai Ek mujhi pe hai atab sab ki khata maaf hai 
Bani Adam a'azayen yek digarand Ke sar-e-panj riyal beham miparand ..... that is the reality 
?? ?? ???? ??? 
wonders where all the tuna has disappeared to from the city ? 
Cheery thought for today ... In the long run , we are all dead 
Aan behtar ast anja ke behtar nami konem/Armaan dil supurd muqaddar nami konem 
Kolik ? e ? í znáš , tolikrát jsi ? lov ? kem 
I feel within me a peace above all earthly dignities , a still and quiet conscience 
If I survive this life without dying , I will be quite surprised 
Knock on the sky and listen to the sound ! 
Thus the whirligig of time brings in his revenges 
Voglio chiedere a quei contadini che vengono alla volta nostra , se per dove sono passati , è cattiva la strada . 
Les sanglots longs 
Des violons 
De l'automne 
Blessent mon coeur 
D'une langueur 
Monotone . 
The universal aptitude for ineptitude makes any human accomplishment an incredible miracle ...... 
Guarda come dondolo , guarda come dondolo con il twist ....... 
??? ????? ?? ?? ??? ???? 
You know , you come from nothing , you’re going back to nothing . What have you lost ? Nothing ! 
My only complaint : ?? ?????????? ??? ???? ??????? ??? ??????? 
Dil to chaha par shikast-e-dil ne mohlat hi na di 
Kuch gile-shikwe bhi kar lete munaajaton ke baad 
Old men delight in giving good advice as a consolation for the fact that they can no longer set bad examples .... 
says " No , of course it won't be easy , but nothing worthwhile ever is . That is why I have always failed where others have succeeded " . ( Inspector Closeau ) . 
Zindagi ke liye sabak ... Nawaz sahab ke lafzon mein : 

Gungunata ja raha tha ek fakir 
Dhoop rehti hai na chhaon der tak 
There is occasions and causes why and wherefore in all things 
Sic fortunatus sum ..... Latin for I am in Luck Now 
Dara sakti nahi duniya mujhe auron salasil se 
Guzar jaaonga hanste tha khelta yaaron marahil se 
Wafa ki raah mein ‘Majid’ main hasti ko mita loonga 
Ma il mio mistero è chiuso in me , 
il nome mio nessun saprà ! 
Erwachen heiterer Empfindungen bei der Ankunft auf dem Lande .... but for how long ? 
Going out for a few days ... difficult to say when I will log on next . 
So comes a reckoning when the banquet's o'er , — 
The dreadful reckoning , and men smile no more ....... 
Along this road 
Goes no one , 
This autumn eve . 
Wonders when this whole sorry charade will end ? 
' s life is now devoted to Life , Liberty , and Pursuit of Happy Hour 
Life is like stepping onto a boat that is about to sail out to sea and sink 
is like Inspector Clouseau , walking through a pitch-black room with a match in his hand and calling out : " Is there anybody hiding there in the dark ? " 
Young men make fights , and the virtues of war are the virtues of young men : courage , and hope for the future . Then old men make the peace , and the vices of peace are the vices of old men : mistrust and caution . 
Abhi garaani-e-shab mein kami nahi aayi 
Nijaat-e-deeda-o-dil ki ghadi nahi aayi 
Chale chalo ki woh manzil abhi nahi aayi 
Aan behtar ast anja ke behtar nami konem 
Armaan dil supurd muqaddar nami konem 
Ich bin kein Mitglied dieser Konferenz , dennoch möchte ich einen Pinguin . 
Ya jaala diya woh bujha diya yeh to kaam hai kisi aur ka 
Na hawa ke koi khilaaf hai na hawa kisi ke khilaaf hai 
" I said it in Hebrew -- I said it in Dutch -- 
I said it in German and Greek : 
But I wholly forgot ( and it vexes me much ) 
That English is what you speak ! " 
Wonders why he wonders ? 
Is mahafil-e-kaif-o-masti mein is anjuman-e-irfaani mein 
Sab jaam-ba-kaf baithe hi rahe ham pi bhi gaye chalka bhi gaye 
Sal ha del talab-e Jaam-e-Jam az ma mikard 
Va an che khod dast , ze bigane tamanna mikard 
? ????? ???? ????? ???????? 
Dekh sakta hoon jo aankhon se woh kafi hai Majaz 
Ahl-e-irfaan ki nawaazish mujhe manzoor nahi 
Dast-e-falak mein , gardish-e-taqdeer to nahi 
Dast-e-falak mein , gardish-e-ayyaam hi to hai 
Kaash mujhe zaat-e-Adam se hoti kuch mohabbat 
Kaash uske ahmaqane paikar ki achi lagti sohbat 
Kaash mujhe pasand aata jis andaz se woh chal bharti 
Kaash mujhe pasand aata jis tarah se woh baat karti 
Aur jab mera is zaat ke koi shakhs se hota taaruf 
Kaash mere dil mein ubharta kuch lutf-e-maaruf 
Yeh jaala diya woh bujha diya yeh to kaam hai kisi aur ka 
Woh aaj ko sar karke dikhane par adhe hai 
Ham hai ke abhi kal hi pairon pe khade hai 
Kashmakash-ae-alaam se ab yeh Hasrat ji mein hai 
Chooth ke in jhagdon se mehmaan-e-faza ho jaaye 
Old age hath yet his honour and his toil ; 
Death closes all : but something ere the end , 
Some work of noble note , may yet be done , 
Not unbecoming men that strove with Gods . 
Eid-e-Nurani , ya aapki zabaan mein Diwali , pe sab ko bahut mubarakbaad .... Yehi iltija ke saath ke aane wala waqt aap aur aap ke azizon ke liye khusgavar aur kamyaab guzrega .... Dua hai yeh meri 
is deeply disgruntled at being deceived by the weather gods once again and is earnestly thinking of ways to get back at them . In the meantime , veto power is earnestly sought 
Send in the Clowns 
Is working on a translation/ek tarjume ko anjaam dene mein masroof hai . But it is more difficult then expected/Lekin yeh kuch ziadah hi mushqil masla nazar aa raha hai 
I can't have a crisis today , my schedule is already full 
Bada shauq se sun raha tha zamana 
Ham hi so gaye dastaan kehte kehte 
O foozled Poetasters , fogged with Wine , 
Who to your Orgies bid the Muses Nine , 
Go bid them , then , but leave to me the Tenth , 
Whose name is Nicotine , for she is mine ! 
Dil to chaaha par shikast-e-dil ne mohlat hi na di 
?? ?? ?? ???? ????? ??????? ?????? ?????? 
Isi liye mombatti jeb mein le ke ghumta hoon main 
Na jaane zindagi ki kis gali mein shaam aa jaye 
Ask for me tomorrow , and 
you shall find me a grave man 
Ma il mio mistero è chiuso in me ; il nome mio nessun saprà ! 
A simple philosophy for living life : Ich werde die Bauern , die da auf uns zukommen , fragen , ob die Straße , auf der sie gekommen sind , schlecht ist . 
O ! call back yesterday , bid time return . 
I was going to buy a copy of The Power of Positive Thinking , and then I thought : What the hell good would that do ? 
Thanks , everyone , for all the good wishes .... I tried hard to make the day memorable and succeeded considerably 
For the rain , it raineth every day ........ 
Or even better ... 
For every credibility gap , there is a gullibility fill 
???? ?? ?? ??? ????? ?? ???? ?? 
A simpler philosophy for life ( for those who do not speak German ): Voglio chiedere a quei contadini che vengono alla volta nostra , se per dove sono passati , è cattiva la strada . 
Shab-e-furkat ka jaaga hoon farishton ab to sone do 
Kabhi fursat mein kar lena hisaab aahista-aahista 
No , I will be the pattern of all patience ; I will say nothing . 
An eternity of endless space : 
A day of wind and moon . 
Ko ar qadr ke beland basha , baz am sar-e khud ra dara 
The true test lies in the number of wasabi peas you can eat at one time ..... I fear to go beyond four 
Was Hänschen nicht lernte , lernt Hans nimmermehr 
Wishes everyone ? ??????????? ????? ????? / ???? ??? ????? ?? /Veselé vánoce a š ? astný nový rok / ??? ?? ????? /¡Feliz y próspero año nuevo/Yeni y ? l ? n ? z kutlu olsun/Prost Neujahr/Yeni iliniz mubarek/Felice anno nuovo/Sretna Nova godina/Glædelig jul og godt nytår/Vesel boži ? in sre ? no novo leto/ ??? ???? /Yaña y ? l belän/God jul och gott nytt år/Boldog új évet/Felix sit annus novus/Sabai di pi mai and A HAPPY HAPPY NEW YEAR 
Now the New Year , reviving old Desires , 
The craving Salamander rises from its Fires . 
Indeed , indeed Abstinence oft I swore , 
But last Year's Pledge with this New Year expires 
