Louie is turning 50 Ericka , Luke , Amadeus and Tatiana are throwing him a BIRTHDAY PARTY and you are invited . When : Sunday , June 21 ( yes Father’s day ) Where : Pita Pockets 9127 Reseda Blvd Northridge CA 91324 ( 818 ) 709-4444 Time : 12:45 to 3:00 RSVP ( I 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone 
I contemplate death and how I would want to die . Slow and painless . Quick and painless . Slow and agonizingly painful . Fast and painful . your comments on this ? 
I am so happy and tired right now . =) 
Hey so what would you do for a Klondike Bar ? I would like to know . 
I got to spend a good day with my mother doing many different things . 
let me see what is going on TV . 
Wow it is thursday already . I wonder where my vacation went . Seems like we just got out of school for it . 
anyone have a halloween costume I can borrow on the Oct . 25 . It would help me alot if it is creative and scary , also if it was not one of the store bought kind either . thanks 
Easter where you get eggs with candy and if you are lucky MONEY ! 
I watched Alice in Wonderland today . pretty ineresting movie . tomany kids talking in the back . then one girl gasped when someones head came off . that was funny . got me alittle tired though . and kettel corn and funnel cake now those are some fine treats . Thanks Joe for taking me out on this grand adventure ( Even if it was just to the northridge mall ) . =) 
Out of all the students in high school and out ; what was your opinion of pink slips for teachers and the growwing of our class sizes ? what would you think could have gon differently in the LAUSD district ? 
Well I hope you all will enjoy the X-mas presents i'll give you . 
I so totally miss Dr. Clark's Class . 
Haked by chris ... Yay me 
pokeme if you've ever had a crush on me ; like this status if you think i'mcute ; inbox me if you've ever wanted a relationship with me ; put a :) if we are friends ; put an >:( if you think I'm annoying/weird ; a ? if youever want to be more than friends . now lets see who is brave enough to copy ..... and paste this to their status 
Something happend near poly high school and my bus had to take another route . Crazy . =) 
they are leaving and the house will be empty with out them . I'll miss my family . =( It makes me want to cry they leave friday . 
i am now in college . In my fremont class . 
Jump jump XD 
yay fireworks that go boom and no classes untill Tuesday 
Marry Christmas Everyone hope that it is a good one for you . 
The house is empty my family is now gone . T^T * sob * 
I have clinical next 2 weeks so anyone who wants a FREE massage Come to my school . I have to schedule you in and it can only be on Tuesday , Thursday , or Friday . So if you want one message me a date and time or call me and leave a message . It would be near the Downtown LA and KoreaTown . 
" Children begin by loving their parents ; after a time they judge them ; rarely , if ever , do they forgive them . " 
Oscar Wilde 
To think that massage is just as iinstinctual to people as breathing is . 
hmmm I need more sleep through out the week . getting 2-4 hr a day just is not nearly enough for me , and naps make it so that I have trouble falling asleep . and it always fells like there is something to do always that make the naps not fulfilling enough to get proper rest . what a problem i have 
I like it on the couch 
Remember hustle and flow 
when you feel that your not good enough for anyone and then that one person comes and turns it all around and you don't wish to be good enough . 
If a God is willing to prevent evil but not able , then he is not omnipotent . If he is able but not willing , then he must be malevolent . If he is neither able nor willing then why call him a God . Why else would bad things happen to good people . 

-Franklyn 
How 
many of us really know everybody on our Facebook friend list ? Here's a 
task for you ... I want all my Facebook friends to comment on this staus 
about how you met me . When you're done commenting , copy and paste this 
as your status so I can do the same for you . This should be interesting ! 
Koreanparade 
going on Friday , Saturday and Sunday . come support me if you can on 
Friday and Sunday with my massages . it starts at 12 am and ends at10 pm . 
on Olympia and the street after Normandy it is in Korea town in a park 
pretty interesting . 
Koreanparade going on Friday , Saturday and Sunday . come support me if you can on Friday and Sunday with my massages . it starts at 12 am and ends at10 pm . on Olympia and the street after Normandy it is in Korea town in a park pretty interesting . 
Happy All Hallows Eve !!!!!! Let the freaks out of the bag and party all night long . Get free candy and do whatever the hell you want till midnight , be for the dead have to rest in piece again for another year . 
I made over 15 dozen cookies and it took 7 hr for them all 
I'm so sleepy . need sleep . Let me sleep . Sleep 
Blue or green what is better ? 
tequila , rum , sprite , and whiskey with some jello for gelatinous fun . 
Chris owns 
Lol fire at work . It was a false alarm though so glad we didn't evacuate . It is like high school XD 
is it just me or dose it seem like everyone post love comments on there facebooks every week ? 
I want cookies ! Need to find a girl scout . Anyone know where i can Get one ? 
Hypothetical Situation : You just woke up naked in bed next to me . Using only 3 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment you must copy and paste this as your status , so i may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport . Play along . 
" I cant swim " she said 
" ur joshing me ur afraid that u'll swallow to much water and sink to the bottom " he said 
" well ya I dothink that " 
anyone know where any parties/clubs/raves are for under age teens like 17 year olds and what not . 
Did u know the dad from stuart little is the guy from house . U know house . 
Family teaches the fine things humans learn from 1 another generosity & love . its also 2 often where we learn things like hate , rage & shame 
The weak are meat , the strong eat . So what are you food for the strong , or the eater of the weak ? 
for people that I promised clubbing to you have to decide what day(s ) you want to go . There is Thursday which has a lot more clubs open but the lines are long/expensive/crowded . There is Friday where i know of 1 or 2 clubs open neither are to bad , and Saturday which is the same . So pick a day comment on why , and the most votes win lol ( or something like that ) 
With the strength of RA !!! Lets kick Tut !!! 
I recomend black buttler 
Omg I just saw micheal jackson on the subway . Ahhh he's back from the grave !!! EVERYONE RUN , HIDE , HE'S BACK !!!! 
Did you know polytechnic high is changing their mural ? Its weird now . 
Ref " so what do u think was the reason mosley didnt move more " manny awnsered " I think he felt my power ! " ... Lol great awnser felt my power 
