I am sorry , MSN sucks . Don't you be snapping at me . 
Sunday , Sunday , SUNDAY ! Let's get ready to GEEETTT THIIISSSS !!! 
Anyone interested in a night of Hookers and Pimps , Pirate Ships , Hotdogs with Bacon Bits , scary Ghost Stories by the Harbourfront , and crazy , random drunk people ? Oh yeah , it's a party . 
I love how amazed you looked when you saw I braided my hair . 
My English speak and write good , is best of all land and people . Uhgga , ug . 
" Would the smell of the smelly stuff intensify the " primal need " for um , pleasure ' cause this shit is making me want to hug myself ... " 
thinks there's no need to make Saw VI , Saw VII , or Saw VIII ; they should just stop at Saw V ... 
is trying , but it's really hard . 
Chitty-Chitty Bang-Bang . Whoop , there it is ! Whoop , there it is ! Where is that from ? 
will finally get off her ass , steal the Wii back , and get ready for Sunday . 
" Rizza , why are you so awesome ? " " It's a gift ... And a curse . " 
" La Senza is a genius ! That way , you don't have to smell sweat when you're doing it ! " 
FJ ? Foot Job ? What the hell ? 
OMG ! I'm MELTING ! MELTING !? Holy shit ! ( P.S. I still love Optimus Prime ) 
Favourite part of Silence of the Lambs : When the guy dances around naked with his penis tucked in between his legs . Priceless . 
" It puts the lotion in the basket . " " Fuck you ! " " It puts the lotion in the BASKET !!! " 
Please just follow me , I thought you wanted me , ' cause I want you all to myself 
has confirmed it - is sick . 
I think the chicken'll defrost by the time I should be eating dinner . Goddamn . 
I don't like that gush of hot air entering my room from the window and hitting me right in the face . 
If it rains , who wants to leisurely walk through the rain with me ? It'll be fun ... You might get a cold , but it'll be fun ! 
I suck at bowling yet I still do it . I think it's ' cause I like the feel of giant , heavy balls in my hands ... :D 
Stupid crap . I want to kill my laptop , or at least MSN . 
My doggie , I love ! <3 
Correction , Bushy Eyebrows are Sizzlingly Hot and Sexy . SIZZLING . 
is not a fan of grape seeds . 
will never forgive herself for watching Batman fall and doing nothing to save him . ( OMG ! He's got a battle scar and is almost cracked in half ! I'm a MONSTER ! ) 
See that profile picture over there to the left ? Yeah , that was on impulse and a dare . Take that world ! ( I don't know ) Did I mention I have mangoes ? MANGOES . 
I wear my sun ~ glasses at night ~ So I can , so I can ~~~ ? 
Michael Jackson died ? I think I'm in shock , or denial . 
wants a Chewbacca plushie . Find one where , can I ? 
I don't scream in terror ... I squeak or yelp in terror . 
Moo-Moo . 
Yay , Footloose ! 
is doing Logic Grid Puzzles . Fun . 
Yes ! American Beauty's on soon . Finally get to see the first half of it ... Why do I always watch half of a movie ? 
is unwanted ( by Diana ) 
How about YOU dance like a crazy monkey . What if I wanted to dance like a zebra ? What d'you think about them apples , huh ? 
Ah . Music is best listened to upside-down . Yes , I am a bat . 
Time for some raiding and pillaging . NO raping . I repeat : NO raping . 
S is for the simple need , E is for the ecstasy , X is just to mark the spot ' cause that's all you really want ! 
Aw , my dad's so adorable . I ask him what's for dinner and he tells me , " I will be making a blend of pork , corn , soup , and vegetables with banana slices on the side as well as your favourite sauce for the pork . " - I think he misses being a chef . 
To celebrate this momentous occasion with Cassai , we will once again raid and pillage but not rape . 
I am sick , hear me wheeze ! 
must remember to do that thing before that other thing with that person and then have that other stuff with that thing at that place . 
Converting more and more people into liking True Blood . Soon , my plan of taking over the world with True Blood will be complete ! Take that , Twilight ! 
I seriously can't find it , and my penguin totally looks gangster with that backwards cap on . 
" Darth Vader came down to me from planet Vulcan and told me that if I don't ask her out he'd melt my brain ! " 
Heard it from a friend who , heard it from a friend who , heard it from another that you've been messin ' around ~ 
I played Metal Gear Solid 4 earlier and all I've got to say is : Why do all the legs look so ... so ... creepy ? Especially the thighs ... 
If you're going as Wonder Woman for Hallowe'en then I'm going as ... as ... um ... er ... I'll get back to you on that ... 
Don't turn around ! Uh-oh ! 
is totally uncoordinated in the morning . 
You've got to stop and think about where your life is going when a total stranger tells you " You're never going to meet your boyfriend if you stay inside ! " Balls . Giant . Donkey . Balls . 
If you leave me now you'll take away the biggest part of me . Ooooh , no ! Baby , please don't go ! 
has no one ... to go to Honest Ed's with her because it's " too stuffy " :( 
will never forgive herself for watching Batman fall and doing nothing to save him . 
You know you have an awesome dad when he plays Rock Band with you . 
I wish I was a Vampire . That way , I'd have an excuse to sleep all day and stalk people at night . 
Bushy eyebrows are sexy . 
My girl likes to party all the time , party all the time , party all the tiiiiiiimmmeeee 
I have this overwhelming need/want to watch an extremely scary movie that will actually make me scream in terror and not just from shock or surprise . 
Today , Diana said this : " I'm surprised you trusted me enough to let me put it in . " 
OK , so in the original Snow White story ... The Prince goes ahead and takes Snow White's body because he fell in love with her , all the while thinking she was dead . Necrophilia , ew much . 
" Upon his return , the Baron had found that Carmilla's desires had ensnared his wife , Eva , and turned her into a lover of the vagine . " LMAO ! Only 1min into this movie and I already love it . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GsfVw9xxoNY 
By George , I think I've got it ! I need a new watch ! 
MSN on a Mac sucks . Times like these I wish I had a Windows PC . 
I told the lady to only get rid of the colour/dye in my hair ... She ends up chopping off most of my hair , gives me bangs , and points to the ground saying , " Look how much hair you HAD ! " ... Thanks , thanks a lot lady . 
Gary Oldman says that the sequel to " The Dark Knight " is going to start shooting next year . You're so awesome Gary Oldman . 
Success ! The spider is gone ! 
It's actually not that bad . 
Oh , god ducking dammit . 
It's fun to read about useless facts that will never benefit you in the future ; it's a great time waster unless you're into Greek/Roman Mythology and if so , rock on Superstar . 
is going to attempt to make a website out of Flash . 
If I don't get a name soon , I'm going to call him Charlie . 
It would take more than words to show you how I feel , more than words to let you know it's real <3 
She's fresh - FRESH ! Exciting ! She's so exciting to me , yeah ~ 
Get out of my dreams , and get into my car . 
The Definition of Rizza : http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=rizza 
Hurts so good , come on baby make it hurt so good ! Sometimes love don't feel like it should , you make hurt so good . 
is afraid of leaning against the window because of the yellow-orange spider that apparently has declared it as its home . 
My mouth is on fire . 
Sympathy Pains . 
I'm not crazy , I just have a very creative mind that talks back to me . 
Y'know , it kind've smells like salty sunflower seeds that are burning . 
There was this guy who kept on calling me ' Rizla ' and I never knew what that was . Now I know . < start sarcasm > Best nickname ever . < /end sarcasm > 
Uuhhnnnngggggg ...... 
The only thing better than breakfast is breakfast for dinner . 
Too much hassle man , too much hassle . 
True Blood marathon-ish at Stephanie's house ! FINALLY ! TRUE BLOOD ! YAY ! 
does not like this . 
Prototype is scary . I just ended up running around , jumping from building to building , and pushing people out of the way for fun . 
( Sookie ) " He's your Maker , isn't he ? " ( Eric ) " Don't use words you don't understand . " ( Sookie ) " You have a lot of love for him . " ( Eric ) " Don't use words I don't understand . " 
My new favourite bands are Foreigner and Toto <3 
<3 Lightning . 
thinks the best way to go at this is have 6 pairs of arms and 3 laptops so she can get this done with . Why did I volunteer to do such a thing ? 
MY SHARONA ! 
I love how you seemed so shocked when I said he was the sex ' cause , we all know , he IS the sex . 
Fuck . Mosquito bite . Goddamn . 
1 . Holy shit . 2 . WTF ? 3 . Why , hello there Godrick . 4 . True Blood's awesome . 
I think I just died and've gone to Purgatory . 
I want Hoyt and Jessica to hook up ... 
OK , let's just say he has no name ' cause he's too awesome for a name . From now on , he'll be Nameless Joe . 
My Land Lord had this really appalled look on his face when he saw that my room looked like a tornado of Fratboys had just gone through it . 
Uhhhnnnnnn . 
Nhnn . 
You , me , a candlelit dinner , and no questions asked . 
Of course , only I would attract 60 year old men . 
If my class schedule stays the way it is , I've got Thursday off and everyday after 3:30 PM free . Woot . 
is SO glad no one saw that . 
GOD FUCKING DAMMIT ! FUCKING MSN ! PIECE OF CRAP ! AHHHHHH !!! ( I'm so , so sorry Batman ) 
So far , I have counted over 10 birds and maybe 2 cats that have been stopping by in the back yard . 
Never mind that ! Star Wars ! A young Harrison Ford ! Chewie ! <3 
I'll still technically be underaged when the Bachlorette party comes around .... YES ! 
I'm not really into Star Wars : Episode V .... But , oh well . It's got Han Solo . 
I'm mistaken . Someone's cutting wood . 
Who Watches the Watchmen ? ( Is watching Watchmen ) 
BAH . 
If you knew what " ;;) " meant , then you'd probably giggle too . 
Cole and PS3 , reunited at last ! The only sucky part is , brother filled the PS3 with so much shit I can't play another game ' cause there's no more memory . Fark . 
The pain is unbearable ! It's like when I had the chicken pox , except this time it's mosquito bites and it's not Christmas time . 
accidentally wrote the wrong date of birth . 
" If you were words on a page , you'd be fine print . " " Oh yeah ? If YOU were words on a page , you'd be the PERIOD ! " " ... What ? " 
That was the coolest storm ever ! It was right above us ! Oh man ... 
Oh yes , very nice . 
I did a " The Philippino Name Generator " and got " Rizza " ... Goddamn . 
If I'm the only one you've ever loved , why does our son look just like Tim ? 
wants to get some Wendy's , but they're too far away ... 
Here I go again on my own 
Last one for the day . 11:55 PM . 
" Get out or I will throw you out ! Through a window ! That is closed ! " " Bill ... That's rude ! " 
Storm #2 . Woohoo . 
If you squeeze me the right way , I'll pop . What am I ? A Pimple :P 
I kind of miss how we had to option to pick " Whatever I Can Get " under " Looking For " under Info ... It makes me giggle whenever I see that on someone's profile . 
loves singing really loudly around the house , when no one's there . 
<3 Argent Chanceux 
Sleep is my lover <3 
Oh my god , boobs . 
" Marry me , because I want to date you . " 
My day has been ruined , slightly . Batman is breaking :( 
" We should totally come back next weekend and take the whole town ! " " Next weekend isn't good for me ; the Jonas Brothers are in town . Any other weekend after that is fine . " 
Finally , I have my mangoes . The balance of the universe is restored . 
Yay ! Going to the fair/carnival ! I am so getting a massive amount of cotton candy . 
I'm slightly embarrassed to have " Do Ya Think I'm Sexy " on my playlist . 
Cotton Candy Ice Cream is like Heavenly Bliss on a warm Summer's day . 
Now whip it , into shape . Shape it up , get straight ! Go forward , move ahead ! Try to detect it , it's not too late to whip it , whip it good ! 
Oh , tie a yellow ribbon round the old oak tree . It's been tree long years , do ya still want me ? 
is 1337 . 
There was just something about today that made me so depressed . I don't think I like the sun . 
You guys suck ass crack and ball sack . Seriously ! Stop making * maybe * plans , dammit . My heart breaks every time ... 
I tried to think of something witty , and failed . 
You , me , a bottle of champagne , and dinner for two . Interested ? I think so . 
Erm , stop it . 
Nine mosquito bites . NINE . 
Sigh , the Green Ranger <3 
I'll say yes , I'll undress , I'll do more for less . Now I'll change everything until it's perfect again . 
If only , you know ? 
Hey-ey , you don't know what it's like ... Oh baby , you don't know what it's like to love somebody the way I love you . 
It's not that I don't love you , it's that you're just not good enough . 
Gamer D: <3 
I don't really wear glasses , that's from the store ... Also , I had to close/squint my eyes ' cause those glasses were freakin ' powerful shit ! 
I hate " informational " websites . They don't give any information , at all . 
That is just plain ol ' Bull Crap . 
When your jackass of a brother tells you to stop downloading at 1AM , 2AM , and 3AM in the morning ( because you'd think everyone would be asleep and not using the internet ) just so he can play his online game that he hasn't stopped playing for over 4 years , 
There's nothing weird about being excited over your dog's birthday . Nothing weird at all . 
I am the eye in the sky , looking at you ; I can read your mind . I am the maker of rules , dealing with fools ; I can cheat you blind . 
I think it's best to say 
I love the young Obi-Wan . Ooh , and the way he moves that light saber . Ah ! That there is a sexy mofo . 
Can't find that purple thing for the keyboard for the PS3 ! Where's the damn purple thing ? 
thinks everyone should watch True Blood to see what a REAL vampire is like ... Also because it's awesome . 
People need to stop thinking " OMGWUTANGCLAN " when they hear my name ! 
Why Bill , why !? Don't give Sam as a sacrifice ! 
Why is someone cutting grass at this time of the night ? 
still has that overwhelming urge to go to Honest Ed's . 
You know that game , FFXI ? Yeah ... Why do I keep running into dudes who're in the military in that game ? They all say they prefer the game to real life , and I can totally understand that if they're really in the military ... 
I am not D: 
My heart was crushed when someone told me that the song " ( I Just ) Died In Your Arms Tonight " was really about a man um ... having an orgasm . That song was one of my favourite songs , man . 
I'm really slow today . Mentally and physically . Oh , and I meant " fuck " instead of " fick " . 
Why does my hair always flip to the right ? 
Easy now , fuzzy little man peach . 
1 question , 1 chance , 1 honest answer . You can ask me 1 question ( TO MY INBOX ) . Any question , anything no matter how crazy , dirty or wrong it is . No catch . But I dare you to post this on your status and see what people ask you ! ( It said " I dare you " ) 
I was so scared of going back on my bed after discovering a long , black bug on it that I went downstairs and watched a movie with roommate + friend for a bit . I'm still scared . 
Oh , the birds the gone . Rizza is sad . 
That Ice Cream Truck has passed by here like , 3 times already . The sad thing is , all there is on this street are teenagers who think they're too cool and old people who couldn't give a damn . Me ? I'm eating some Tootsie Rolls . 
It's so weird having no classes in the morning and then a class close to late afternoon ... 
LMAO . It's way to damn early , and that's why I typed " ducking " instead of " fucking " . Fick . 
I feel like a Rockstar with this mini fan in my face <3 
AC , air ducts , and vents - oh my ! 
Kind of want to go outside . Ha . 
Tuesdays and Thursday off of school . Schedule , please don't change . 
Then it all came clear so suddenly , how close to you that I wanna be ~ ? 
I just saw the dog they call " Jellybean " . Now I know why . 
I share a birthday with Charles Manson . How awesome am I ? 
Gah . Dammit . 
Oh-holy-motherfucking-crap . 
Hakuna Matata , what a wonderful phrase ? Hakuna Matata , ain't no passing craze ! 
Relax people , I was only joking . I don't <3 you . 
So , randomly , some strange man sends me a message saying this : " baby sex big dick ok " . To which I responded with : " Bad English is you speak " . 
You know it's you ~ Babe ~ Giving me the courage and the strength I need ~ Please believe it's true ~ Babe , I love you ~ <3 
Finally got what she came here for , finally ! Insert annoyed and tired face here . 
I have something that I am allergic to ! Mosquito bites ! ( Right now they look like bruises . I know , gross and creepy . ) 
38 pages to go . Sigh . Failure . 
Oh baby , baby ! Ba-bay baby , baby ! 
Giving me some much needed Singing-And-Dancing-Alone-Out-Loud-In-My-Room Time . 
You're under the gun so you take it on the run ~ 
Poor Sam , being chased by the whole town to be brought to some Maenad to have his heart cut out . Poor thing . 
I swear , it's like someone was spiteful enough to enter my email for some kind of male enhancement subscription because 23 emails about enlarging my manhood in 24 hours is just insane . 
Rolling On The Floor Laughing My Ass Off . Laugh Out Loud ! O Em G . 
" Grow a mustache , and you'll see who your real friends are ! " -- Craig Ferguson 
I WISH I knew a man named Sexy Beast . That'd be so farkin ' awesome . 
Still can't believe I'm allergic to mosquito bites . That's just farkin ' awesome ... 
" Oopsie ! You made a whoopsie ! " 
I <3 you ? 
is feeling ill ... 
" No one wanted to be the subject , so we made the chair our subject and drew a face on it . " 
Where The Wild Things Are : Awesome . 
Cool , I still get internet in this tiny cave of a dungeon . 
I wish I never taught my mother how to scan and uploads photos . Ugh . 
I want a pet Hedgehog or Chinchilla ... And there are at least 2 mice in the house : Charlie and Tiny Charlie . 
This class needs a break or end soon . 
I'm going to kill Facebook . I have changed my settings at least 7 times this week and I'm still getting emails about things I said NOT to send emails about . 
I apologize to those who had to wittness my sugar rush , and I am disappointed in those who laughed at my sugar rush crash . 
Finally watched Wall-E and it was just too cute . 
is craving for some LotR action . 
Best Pick-Up line for the night : ( I know , is bad . Sorry Diana Almeida :D ) Are you free tonight or will it cost me ? 
" What's small , green , and evil ? " Of course my first guess was the Green Goblin , but apparently that might not be it . How can it not ? Come on , Green Goblin ! 
is now craving for some Rainforest Cafe . 
Facebook : The best distraction in life . Ever . Actually , Facebook IS life . @_@ 
As I was picking out something to eat " The Final Countdown " started to play on my iPod . Deciding over which baked good to eat has never seemed so epic . 
November 5th , November 5th , November 5th , November 5th ! 7 days , 7 days , 7 DAYS ! 
This movie is too long . 
Bobby's your uncle , Fanny's your aunt . 
Finished ! Success ! 
Well , that's attractive . 
Oh god , my back hurts . Cue in old man/lady groan . 
Hey , you ! No , you over there . Yeah , you . How goes it ? 
Have you ever had that moment where you do something so many times that it becomes routine and second nature but then that one time you don't double check , you screw up ? 
Had to cool me down , To take another round . Now I'm back in the ring to take another swing . 
I'm sad I'm going to miss the Real Life Game of Clue on Saturday . 
The Hulk is the most adorable superhero ever . Face it . 
Why are people so keen on getting me to drink ? Gees people , relax . Maybe later ... On in life . 
I really hate you MSN . High five ! 
" I was saved by a wild man in a loincloth " 
She says I'm a writer . I believe her . 
Imagine me and you , I do . I think about you day and night , it's only right . To think about the girl you love and hold her tight , so happy together . ( Been looking for this song for a while ) 
By the way everyone , 13 days . Then I can finally go to the racetrack ! 
Procrastination , it happens . A lot . 
Amadues , Amadues ! A-madues ! Oh-oh Amadues ! Come and rock me Amadues ! 
That's it . I am no longer allowed to have coffee passed noon . 
Oh , hey . Psst , hey ! HEY ! ( my imitation of Navi from Zelda : Orcarina of Time ) 
Can't decide whether to have a Pirates of the Carribbean , Star Wars , or Buffy the Vampire Slayer marathon . Why ? I'm just that bored . 
LOL ! Eating a slice of pizza in a study room type thing in front of three girls and they're looking at it like they're about to steal it . Then one says , thinking I can't hear her ' cause I've got music playing on earphones , " Why the hell would you bring pizza in here ? Eat some fucking chips , gees . " 
My iPod's being stupid . 
A beautiful sigh , we're happy tonight , walking in a winter wonderland . 
Take me to the magic of the moment on a glory night 
11 Days 21 Hours 15 Minutes 01 Seconds . 
I love how you can so totally cheat with Magneto in MUA2 . Boss fights are a breeze now . 
Sleep , I need this . 
Ugh . As soon as I start watching something it stops loading and I miss 15-20 mins of the ending . 
Why can't life be like a Musical ? Where random people randomly burst out into song at the most randomest of times . 
It's hilarious how the only way I can start on this position paper is to read/type out loud in a British accent . 
" Yeah , we'll walk out there'll be scorched Earth and babies riding motorcycles " 
Can't even pay attention to Heroes , I'm so tired . But , yay Heroes ! 
I do not , Diana Almeida . Do not . Also , I'm awesome . Thanks . 
So ... I bumped into my first real Hooker , ate my first hotdog with Bacon Bits , and saw my first real Pirate Ship . I should walk around downtown at midnight more often . 
Ew , gross . My mom has Facebook . 
Fire ? 
has the greatest idea ever ... Hanging out ... At ... Honest Ed's . Yeah ? Yeah ? 
Me : What is this ? Raphael : Star Ocean ! Me : I don't see an ocean . 
You know the world is on the fritz when your mother calls you to tell you about your spoiled food on an application on Facebook . 
wishes people talked like those characters in Shakespeare plays . 
misses the Dynasty Warriors games . Sad sigh . 
I'll make love to you , like you want me to and I'll hold you tight , baby all through the night . 
Come , sail away . Come , sail away , with me ? 
Ah-choo . Run for your lives ; save yourselves ! Woe is me . 
" Hey , you got two 10's for a 20 ? " " No , but I do have two 20's for a 10 wait .... What ? " 
I'll stop the world and melt with you ?? 
Otis loves his girls young and clean , drowning in a bucket of gasoline 
I'll make love to you like you want me to , and I'll hold you tight baby , all through the night . I'll make love to you when you want me to , and I will not let go ' til you tell me to . 
Rice Cakes FTW . Correction : Sweet Rice Cakes FTW . 
Is it weird of me to think the cutest thing ever is hearing the Hulk say " Hulk Smash " ? 
Oh my god , I found Lego <3 
Cavalcade of Lights opening ceremony , anyone wanna go ? 
She's scary . 
Yay ! Buffy , 7th Season ! Woot . 
These deleted scenes from Grease aren't as awesome as I thought they would be ... Disappointment . 
OK , so I might have lost my Topaz ring ... No biggie ... Just gotta look really , really hard for that $300 item ... 
AHH !? What the bloody hell !? Stephanie Almeida's mom left the TV on some strange channel and some woman just starts groaning in pain and there's some weird rush of water in what looks like the inside of a ship and OMG !? GROSS !!! 
" How about I kick you in the face , with my fist !? " 
is being bombarded with notifications by Raphael de Luna , Dory Miller , Lauren Macedo-Cowley and Robert Sharpe but can do nothing about it ... Sulk . 
is in Section 03 for second semester . There , now you all know . Let me sleep . 
Farewell Dory Miller , Lauren Macedo-Cowley , Raphael de Luna , and Robert Sharpe ! Parting is such sweet sorrow but you're bombarding me D: 
Newlywed Game host Bob Eubanks : Bob , what is your favourite amphibian ? Contestant : Uh ... my wife ? 
Raphael de Luna makes my browser go realy slow on Facebook . 
I smell so damn good I could eat myself ... 
Sherlock Holmes . Dun , dun , dunn ~ ~ <3 
is blaming Raphael de Luna , Dory Miller , Lauren Macedo-Cowley , Robert Sharpe for reasons unknown and Kyle Detzler for randomly showing up . 
Why have all the episodes of the shows I love been so sad ? This makes me cry . 
My wall ? Nope , can't be taken over . Thanks . 
On a happier note , Section 03 doesn't have Ilana teaching Computer Tools . How lucky am I ? Very , apparently . 
Dammit Diana Almeida ! It ain't happening . 
In this here war between myself and Diana Almeida , I am the victor ! 
Diana Almeida only won this round ' cause she cheated and just posted 5 words at a time ! Full sentences next time ! 
Sup . 
Insomnia . Woot . 
OK Diana Almeida ! You've raped my wall , I admit defeat ! The white flag is up ! 
On another note : I am awesome . Thanks . 
likes . 
What is my claim , gosh darnit !? 
Lawl . Rolling On The Floor , Laughing My Ass Off . Stephanie Almeida just caressed my leg . Me-ow ? 
Don't talk to me on MSN . It's too much trouble , for me . MSN is getting on my fucking nerves . If you want to talk to me , talk through here or call me on my fucking phone . Fuck . 
I've fallen in love with Rodney Carrington and his hilarious music . 
Um , to explain my previous FB Status ... I don't mean " I like BOOBS ! " boobs . I mean the " Oh , FUCK ME ! " kind of boobs . 
Biting is natural , and because Diana Almeida says this then is must be true ! >.> 
Diana's Raping of my Wall : Fail . 
It ain't happening , Diana Almeida 
Trying to read the rest of my book . Shush people . 
YouTube MySpace and I'll Google your Yahoo ! 
Just ' cause I wanna give my drawings names doesn't make me a weirdo ... You're the weirdo , you weirdo ! 
Pfft , Diana Almeida is just jealous ' cause I'm awesomer than her . 
Farewell PS3 . Please direct your anger and frustration to 24 year old brother who has the mind of a 6 year old with a temper-tantrum . 
( Since everyone's doing it ) Merry Christmas everyone ! 
I like it when my door is open , because it hides that horrible dress from my sight . 
My father , thinking it'd be funny , tells me that they've got the bride's maid's dress at home and to go get it . I head over there , go to my room , and see the wedding dress only . I go to father's room and he says , " Oh , sorry , that's not the bride's maid's 
I found my Topaz ring . 
She said they were painted red . This is not red . This is more like plum coloured . 
Oh swoon , Sherlock Holmes was awesome . 
OK , so , I might have an allergic reaction to mosquito bites . Who knew ? Off to the hospital ... 
No , I don't care if it's 25% off , I don't want any Viagara ! Stop emailing me , dammit . 
wishes her internet connection would speed up just a little bit so she can catch up to all the notifications by Raphael de Luna , Lauren Macedo-Cowley , Dory Miller and Robert Sharpe ... 
wants to see the movie Gamer . ( Just realized the guy from Dexter is in it and wants to see it even more now . ) 
Zoinks ? 
Some guy in class said that Watchmen sucked , and called it " Smiley Face " WTF ? 
I ain't happy , I'm feeling glad , I got sunshine in a bag . I'm useless , but not for long , the future is coming on . 
Like , sigh . Major , major sigh . 
Imploded <3 
Wedding Day . Dun , dun , dun , dun-dun , dun-nana-nana-nana . -- Yeah , I know . That's the funeral theme . I can't remember what the wedding one is . 
Just watched the MacGruber trailer ' cause Dory Miller mentioned it . Pretty funny . 
This new Facebook layout ain't that bad . Deal with some good and bad changes , people . 
The scroll thing on this mouse won't go up . 
WTF Facebook ? Why will you not let me turn off the damn email notifications !? 
Email notifications off , please . 
Never have , never will . 
You know you have an awesome dad when you mention you're craving for LotR and he goes and searches the whole house and presents you with the movies . 
The Sims : it's a frustrating but oh-so addictive thing . 
FAILURE . 
( watching Green Mile for the first time ) Oh mah god D: ! 
1937 
Don't worry baby , we'll have a good time . Just say the word and I'll kick into overdrive . 
" I put a rectangle and an oval together , and made a square . " 
This is awesome , a large group of males sitting behind me are talking Pokemon Battle Strategies . 
Close the door , leave the cold outside . I don't need nothing when I'm by your side . 
I just watched Across the Universe . I like this . 
On another note : My mother keeps looking at my pictures . 
Oh mah GOOOOODDDDDDD . 
Ahem . Let me say this again . YAY ! WOO ! ALL RIGHTY THEN ! I is a Switcher . 
Yay ! Woo ! All righty then . 
So , they thought I came to the meeting dressed up ' cause everything I had with me was red and black .. Except , it's only due to the fact that I really like the colour red and black together >.> ..... Oh well . 
My mother thinks I think myself worthless , sarcastic hurrah . 
Go over there . Further back . KThxBye . 
Ow :( 
I made a terrible boo-boo . Oh wells , time to restart ! 
Be not afraid . I am still alive . 
“You can only be young once . But you can always be immature . ” 
The kids playing ball hockey down the street sound like they are having so much more fun than I am D: 
What the fuck , people ? What the FUCK ? 
Just want ya for ya boddeh . 
" Thank god we're hot chicks with super powers ! " " It is comforting . " -- Faith & Buffy 
Cleaning out the laptop ! Bored yay ! 
I've found a reason for me , to change who I used to be . A reason to start over new , and the reason is you . 
Nooo ! 
75% finished organizing my room ... Oh gawd D: 
There's these dudes sitting across from me watching some kind of Anime thing on full blast . Yarp . 
Purple . Believe it . 
" Aw , what a tiny little thing . " 
I'd rather be the card dealer , thank you . 
Sorry to disappoint , but listing where you like to put your purse/bag is not a way to help raise awareness about Breast Cancer . 
I swear , I'ma ban you from writing on my wall Diana Almeida . You cheat . 
Gah , boobs . 
When I grow up , I'ma be a Hermit . Live in a cave , you know , party of one . I just poked you Raphael de Luna . 
Did anyone ever watch a show called " Big Wofl on Campus " ? I did , and I miss it :( 
It fucking sucks ~ It fucking sucks ~ BITCH ! ( this is my new song that I have been singing , Raphael doesn't like it D: ) 
Hyper , sad , hysterical , and chilly . Sup Stephanie Almeida :D !? 
IT'S BEAUTIFUL !! Raphael de Luna says , " You had nothing to worry about , you weirdo ... " :D 
I'm the one who wants to be with you , deep inside I know you feel it too . 
Raphael de Luna " I like the smell of books ... " " ... I represent the union of men ... " 
TOMORROW ! LET'S DO THIS ! YEAH BABY , YEAH !!! 
So , um , like , is anyone else going ? 
OMG ! WTF ? ROTFLMAO !? Durrr 
Sleep time ! Then Sing Sing time ! Bye bye ! :D 
( Thurs . Sept . 30 : On Warnings That Pretty Much Cover All The Bases ) DANGER : AVOID DEATH . 
Do you ? Huh ? Do you wanna ? Huh ? Huh ? C'mon! C'MON! 
has won the battle , but not yet the war . 
Are ~ You gonna take me home tonight ? Ah ~ Down beside that red firelight ! Are ~ You gonna let it all hang out ? Fat bottomed girls , you make the rockin ' world go round ~ 
Son of a bitch .... Final Cut just quit . 
It's bullshit I say ... BULLSHIT ! 
No one tells me nothin ' 
Grr , Arrgh ... Death to you Monologue ... DEATH ! I'm poking Raphael de Luna :D !? 
Raphael de Luna doesn't appreciate my singing of song from the Grease Soundtrack . 
I didn't think you still existed . OMFGWTF ? 
Watching two shows at the same time is really hard . 
Correction : Confused face , sad face , confused face again , eyebrow raise . 
Is my name that hard to pronounce ? :( 
Stupid iTunes keeps popping up and making itself go in front of everything every few seconds . Ugh . 
I'm scaring Raphael de Luna ... :D !? 
Oh baby , you're making me so hard , it hurts . I'ma make you so hot and wet right now , oh baby , yeah . 
Almost went to the Science Centre . Almost . 
I'm sorry , but you got me all excited ; I just can't help myself , you're so damn sexy . 
" He's like ... He's like a handsome shark ! I just couldn't myself ! I think I love him ! " 
" It's a man's job . Manly work . I'm so glad I can do something you can't , woman . " 
Stranded at the drive-in , branded ... a fool . What will they say , Monday at school ~ 
With my headphones on Kyle Detzler and Matthew James Ieraci both agree that I look like a DJ o.O 
Distractions , distractions . Oh , how I love and loathe thee . 
I learned something today . I can't write 5 page scripts . Too much shit needs to happen in too little time . 
Stephanie Almeida keeps disappearing . 
I feel it in my fingers , I feel it in my toes ~ Well love is all around me , and so the feeling grows ~ 
It's good to be excited . 
Sad face , confused face , sad face again , pout . 
Again , no one tells me nothing . 
INTERNET ! 
Sandy , can't you see ? I'm in misery ~ ~ We made a start , now we're apart ~ There's nothin ' left for me ~ 
I just watched a short trailer for Date Night ... I really wanna watch that . 
is gonna regret this . 
This 3rd year teacher teaches just like Maureen , in the sense that they both complain about some sort of program/technology/company . Except this guy flails his arms around a lot . 
Oh , boobs . 
<- Section 1 
So bored ! Don't want to organize anything anymore D: 
Yeah , I totally regret it already . 
finished my DVD Cover , almost done my Postcard . WOOT . 
I have a lot of sticky tak . Tack ? Tac ? o.O 
Finished . I win ! Bye bye :D 
Raphael de Luna wants to do that guy . 
Why must last night's Glee be so sad ? Also , I found it ! :D 
< sad , poetic , and depressing mumbo jumbo here > Oh , woe is me !! 
Muscles , ache . Mind , hurting . Voice , going . Need , time ... to stay , still . 
suggests you watch Kick-Ass . 
Mario Kart time :) Even though I'm dead tired . Don't judge me . 
Mhm , Caramel Cheesecake ... 
It broke :D 
:D 
Redoing/Touching up on my DVD Cover , because I want to . 
Got Final Fantasy 14 :) 
I like to spell correctly , thank you . Or , at least , I try to . 
They're trying to poison and freeze us to death :O 
Somehow my mother has connections to TIFF and said a lady might call me later to offer me a job . WTF ? >.> 
Sitting and waiting for Robert to finish his hair cut so I can get my beast of a computer :D ! 
<3 The Big Bang Theory guys 
Pfft , Budget Homework = Easy . 
Green Screen :D 
6 Days :D 
Tales from the Brothers Gibb . 
:( 
People need to stop going into the Apple Stores to use the laptops and computers to look at Facebook , and need to either buy one already or use the one they have at home . 
" You gotta hump a few clunkers before you can fondle a Ferrari . " 
It's lonely in this world . 
Robert Sharpe is a crazy dancer 
Nice . Android . 
RIDICULOUS . 
MUA2 , I've missed you <3 
LMAO ! " I'm not mental . Please help me . " And just a second ago : " Do you have any sharp things I can use to cut this open ? " Seriously ? This ain't Arts ' n ' Crafts lab , it's COMPUTER lab . 
Gah . 
So many emails ! <3 
I never want to look at another movie/shot film ever again !! 
" He just exudes hilarious ... tity ... " -- Paul Rudd 
New PS3 Update : " You can now edit and upload videos on the PS3 to PSN ! " ... Yay ? 
" My password doesn't work . " " OK .. what's your HCNet ID ? " " I don't know it . " " You don't know your Login ID , but your password doesn't work ? " " Yes . " " .... " 
Thumbs down ! 
Superman to Batman : " Your butler guards the cave with a shotgun ? " 
Full frontal male nudity !? What !? O.O 
Such an awesome computer that even most of the guys at the computer store got all jealous and wanted to drool at my gaming PC :D 
Hey guys , I'm getting into Star Craft II . Anybody else got it ? 
Thank you Robert Sharpe for being such a nerdy/techy boyfriend , I love you for it <3 New computer here I come ! 
Nothing's fun with other people anymore . 
" Make sure you get me my refund . You wasted MY TIME . " " I wasted ... FUCK YOU ! " * Angry Glares * 
loves you like Halo kids love to harass ! 
Murder . Murder ? Murder ! Murder ... 
Baby , you're so sweet you put Hersey's out of business . ;) 
wishes Robert Sharpe and Raphael de Luna could play FF14 with her :( 
Lol @ Donnie Wahlberg in Blue Bloods . 
Planet Hulk and Under The Red Hood were adorable . 
40 minutes until movie starts ... Wish I could sit on a bench . Makeshift bench hurts . 
I hop on over to IceFilms and one of the recent movie releases is titled " Big Tits Zombies " . I was like " Wow . What ? " 
I should be afraid that there's a Justin Bieber documentary coming out , but I just can't stop laughing . 
Yay for Facebook with smaller font ! 
I'd like to thank Stephanie Almeida for getting me into New Kids On The Block , ' cause they make me feel less lonely and more lovey dovey . ( Guilty Pleasure ) 
Rulers : They are handy . 
Best Episode of Craig Ferguson Ever ! <3 
As much as the red leather looks so incredibly horrible on Clark Kent in Smallville .. I still squealed with girlish glee and shouted : YAY ! SUPERMAN ! 
Thank you to everybody who wished me a Happy Birthday :) 
Fable III : YAY ! I'm not an ugly Man-Woman anymore ! She actually has woman boobs !! 
Somebody went under a dock , and there they saw a rock . It wasn't a rock , it was a rock lobster ! 
StarCraft II is locked again and I was no where near a computer nor was it on and it got locked due to " suspicious activities " . Suspicious activity my ass . 
Attention All Film Students : The majority of the keyboards and mice(mouses ? ) in L205 are broken or partly broken . It's unavoidable in this room . 
DoooooOoOoooOOOOooOOOoOOoOoOoM 
Editor to 24 to Life , and Continuity to Stiffed o.O I don't know how to feel . 
© 
" Which printer is best to print from ? " " It doesn't matter because it's not up to me or you to which printer anything prints from . " " Yes , but I don't want this happening again . I want to know which printer to print from . " " I can't help you there because I don't decide where the prints come out from . " " I don't want to waste your time , I just want to know which printer is the best to print from . " " OMG I can't help you . " 
I want a pet dragon :( 
In the middle of watching Astro Boy in English , it suddenly turns Russian ... 
So many emails ! Overload . 
My story has DUH-rag-ONS ! :D 
Only 10 minutes into work and I've already got 2 bandaids on my left hand . :( 
Someone just asked me to download and install a program for them that the school has because he wants his own . Like , seriously ? No . 
Seriously , stupid shit ever . I am NOT a slave , you asses . 
I totally got beckoned . WTF ? 
Pickin ' up the pieces , cleanin ' up the selves . Gettin ' lots of hate mail , of things I just can't sell . 
So lethargic , it's exciting . 
It's hard to focus on this edit when all I could think of is " Aww ! This kid is so adorable ! " 
There are only 10 kinds of people in this world : Ones who understand Binary , and those who don't :D 
I love elephant veal :D 
FACK , I hate people . 
Beep . 
Holy shit , that girl's wearing a see through shirt AND it only goes just above her belly . Yo , it's not summer yet . 
Fucking phlegm . I sound like a horse who's been smoking for 50 years and is trying too hard to be manly . 
Dragon Age II !!!! 
" The scanner's broken . " " Is it ' cause you pressed the button on the lid and the lid is disconnected ? " " Yes . " " Well , there you go ! " 
Good god people . STFU about Friday already . Does anyone have anything else better to do than watch youtube all the time ? 
People who come to this computer lab need to fucking shower . Smells like wet dog , a toilet full of shit , and someone trying to cover up BO with more BO . 
Dammit IceFilms , Prince of Persia is NOT a Romance movie . NEITHER IS TWILIGHT !!!!! 
The day people learn how to use a stapler is the day I will stop calling people stupid . 
Stop yelling at me ! I'm not the master of computers , printers , paper , staplers , and/or hole punchers ! :( 
Gotta love how Robert Sharpe just scratches himself on camera like no one's looking . Such a sexy beast . < /sarcasm > 
As I'm cleaning up the mess people left in the lab : * picks up an empty bottle * MAN1 : Oh , that's mine . ME : OK , are you going to throw it out ? MAN2 : Oh , did you want it ? Do you want it ? ME : Yes , I really want an empty bottle because I like garbage . * walks away * ME : * loudly * Fucking dumbass . 
" Oh , you're making it so hard ... I mean difficult ! You're making it difficult ! " 
Stupid Fenris . Why you gotta be so hard to Romance ? Stupid angsty bastard . 
Can't read Tara's writing . I can't figure out what she's wanting from me D: 
Poor Jensen Ackles doesn't even voice Dean Winchester in The Supernatural Animated Series , but Jared Padalecki voices Sam Winchester . 
Person saw me playing Dragon Age II and now he won't stop hovering over my shoulder as I play >.> 
What chu talkin ' about Willis ? 
" You're married ? You're fucking married ? " 
Apparently , according to The Sims Medieval , everyone has freckles and hardly visible eyebrows in the medieval era . 
People , shut up . Windows : Can kick ass with speed , gaming , and fast processing/rendering ways . Mac : Great for work that doesn't need fast processing/rendering ways , and people who don't game . 
I can't fix my phone because I'm only an Authorized User Level 2 , need to be an Authorized User Level 1 to fix phone with Rogers :( 
Oh , headphone-less music editors , how you annoy others in the room . 
Oh you fools . Why do you ask for help when you don't even want to listen ? :) 
People lounging around in front of me are talking and one guy says " I should be a director .. Director's get all the credit and they don't even do shit ! " Right ... 
Some guy just said he lost his sunglasses and took them from the lost and found , laughing . I have no proof , but dude probably just stole from the lost and found . 
" You let it out then you blow ! " - Craig Ferguson to Ellen Page 
Silence of the Lambs , my favourite movie ever . 
Everything is just sunshine and puppies . No rainbows though . 
Hey ( Hey ) , You ( You ) , Get into my car ! 
" Bitch , no ! Oh no you did'int! " -- Raphael de Luna 
I got a little too excited over Mortal Kombat . 
" Don't you bitch at me ! " -- Raphael de Luna 
Toblerone ! In my mouth and out my bum :) 
Even I'm getting frustrated at this and I'm just sitting here . 
I miss you Starcraft II <3 
I think Simlish songs are better than English songs . 
Sssuuuupppp . 
Oh Render , how I loathe you so . 
PILLOW BUTT ! 
My Land Lord = Fucked Up Douche-Moron 
There are at least 5 different signs saying " THERE'S NO STAPLER HERE , THANKS " around and people still come up and look then ask " Stapler ? " 
When TekSavvy calls , caller ID says " INTERNET " and when they put you on hold it's music from Tetris . 
Today in History of War , we watched 300 :D 
I cannot understand why there is still someone here in the lab watching YouTube videos . I mean , really ? It's almost 10PM and you'd rather be at school watching YouTube videos ? Even if he didn't have a computer at home , he could still go there and watch TV or play on his Xbox/PS3 or something . 
Smallville series finale : So disappointing . SO disappointing . 
" Can you help me ? I don't know how to search for news articles for Toronto Star . I need to use the site , but I don't know where it is . " " Uhhh ... * speechless *..." " Can you please just help me ? " 
" Do you have a stapler here ? " " * staring at the sign that says NO STAPLERS * Um , no ... " * lady walks over to co-worker * " Do you have stapler here ? " " .... No .... " " Oh my god ! You just asked me that ! " 
There's this girl in my Intro to Psych class . She is infuriating . " This makes no sense to me . I think you're all wrong . " - The Infuriating Girl 
( Talking about people who have damage to that part of their brain that is responsible for Speech ) Infuriating Girl : Is this what happens when people are dumb ? Are these all the dumb people ? 
Why is it that when I say " Pardon ? " the other person chuckles and gives me this look like I'm retarded ? All I want was for you to repeat , not explain what you just said . 
Yesterday , in History of War , we watched Gladiator to learn about Ancient Roman warfare . 
* as I wail in the computer lab , telling people to get off Facebook * Woman : Why don't you just record yourself ? You'll sound the same and it'll be easier . Me : Why don't you people get off Facebook between 10AM to 3PM . It's a lot easier . 
" Hey , do you by any chance have a folder I can use ' cause I don't have one and I don't have any money ... " " Um ... The computer lab doesn't supply folders here ... " " Not even an old one ? " " Um ... Any folder here would be being used ... " 
Hi , I'm Stapler . I can only take about 15 pages at a time or else I'll get all jammed up or broken . Also , I don't like it rough . So please , don't slam me against the desk . It hurts . Thank you . 
Some guy just asked where he can get a laptop battery for $10-20 because you can get laptops for less than $100 ... 
Someone just called over one of his buddies over to push down on the hole puncher for him . 
Almost fell asleep at the NKOTBSB concert . 
So ... I'm up for being VFX , Script Continuity/Supervisor , Casting , or something where I can yell at people to be silent or death will follow :) 
We watched a bit of Monty Python and the Holy Grail today in History of War . Weird . 
Listening to music at work , and it's so hard not to sing along . So hard . 
" Zatanna is marvel .... " - Robert Sharpe 
Student : I made the title page and saved . I scrolled down to the next page to start typing and saved . I just wanted to make sure , will that save all of it or will I have to type it out all over again ? 
Me : It should save if it's in the same document file as the title page . If not , then just save both documents . 
Student : What's a document ? 
Me : Uh , what ? 
Student : How do I know it's in the same document ? 
The new Final Cut Pro X looks deliciously sexifying , it's hard to resist 
Two Days ' til True Blood . Finally ! 
You know what ? I'm a healer , not a fighter . 
" What is your name ? * confirming account * " 

" Richard ... GOD .... Not benevolent though ... You may call me Loki , the north god of mischief ... Yeah , I like that ... Loki .... " 
" Uhh ...... " 
" Would you like my passcode as well ... Because it's GOD ! " 
" Ummm .... " 
Why does wireless suck on the 3rd floor of E building ? 
Student : Why is the camera facing that way ? Me : I don't know , maybe someone from before made it do that . Student : Oh , but why ? Me : I don't know , I just don't know . 
Playing Ocarina of Time on friend's 3DS at work and someone comes up asking for the usual , sees what game I'm playing and says " You know , that's for children right ? " and I reply with " Uh , no it ain't , and I can play what I want ... " 
My cat is a creeper . Every morning , I wake up with her sitting in front of my face just starring at me ... Like she's been waiting there the whole time . 
To the person who told Gianluca I had photos of him on Facebook : Please at least be kind enough to point out which pictures are the ones of him so I don't have to dig through everything just looking for a resemblance to his face . It's not like I look at the pictures every minute of every day . Thanks . 
I have sources that tell me a " still working on it " schedule will be up after August 19 , but it'll be more like a " Beta " until the first day of school . 
Robert Sharpe eats poop . 
There's still plenty of time until school starts , so there's plenty of time for it to be fixed . I know people are anxious , but the people making the schedules have other schedules besides ours to make . Relax , it'll all be over soon-ish . 
Co-Worker : Why did you even buy a Mac laptop when all you ever use is the Windows side ? 
Me : Because it's so pretty , and slim , and sexy , and shiny ... 
Co-Worker : So , you're basically saying you're just in it for the looks ? 
Me : Yup . 
Co-Worker : Well ... At least you're using Windows for a good reason ... Right ? 
Me : I use it to play games . There are like , no games for Macs that are fun . 
Co-Worker : That's true . 
New number , if anyone is paying attention ? 647-784-3516 BBM Pin : 275E31FC if people like doing the free way . Will send formal email to * everyone * later . 
Got a call to fix a printer in E302 . The lights were off , except for one near these four girls in the corner . One was sitting down while the other three were braiding/combing her hair . They stared at me the whole time I was there as if I was intruding on something private ... 
Irate Woman : Where is this bus going ? Bus Driver : Wilson station . Irate Woman : THEN WHY THE HELL IT SAY SHORT TURN !? Bus Driver Bus : Because it's making a short turn . Irate Woman : THIS IS GARBAGE !! Fucking bullshit ! 
Yay ! New lab for H205 ! Finally , some comfy chairs and higher screen resolution ! 
What happens when one puts in really smart machines in a computer lab ? It will make it very hard for stupid people to use them , which makes them : Walk away , stomp their foot in frustration and then complain , or just stand there and look dumbfounded for a while . 
There's people chanting something down the hallway and I'm alone here ... I'm scared . 
When you frequently print out about 200-300 pages and every time you do , you create a long line up where people get mad at you and then you cause the printer to breakdown or jam up , shouldn't you ask yourself why you are printing out so many pages ? Can't you just like , I don't know , keep them on your computer and just read it from there ? You're killing trees . 
Student : Are you servicing me ? 
Me : Why do you always ask me if I'm servicing you !? I am not servicing you ! 
Student : But ... laptop . 
Me : ... 
Student : Laptop ? 
Me : ... What about a laptop ? What do you want with a laptop ? 
Student : Service me laptop . 
Mosquito bites look like giant bruises on me . 
Someone is printing something that needed me to fill up an empty printer with 6 stacks of paper and now it's almost empty again ... Holy crap people ! What the hell are you printing !? 
It's so busy at work that it took me an hour just to eat one timbit ... I just want to eat my timbit :( 
Student : Hey , thanks so much for helping me out . What's your name ? 
Me : REE-sa . 
Student : Hmm , cool name . Do you work here often . 
Me : Uh , not really ? 
Student : Well then , I guess I'll see you around ;) 
Me : Um , okay ? 
YEAH ! Head dude to IT was here and patted me on the shoulder saying , " You're doing an excellent job ! " :D 
Missing season finale of True Blood to watch " Anonymous " at TIFF . Better be freakin ' awesome . 
Me : Have you used a scanner before ? 
Student : OK . 
Me : Um .... That's .... Have you ever used a scanner before ? 
Me : That's not ... I'm asking you if you have ever used a scanner before ? 
Student : ... Huh ? 
Co-Worker : The one good thing about this job is seeing all the beautiful ladies ! 
Me : What beautiful ladies ? There are NO beautiful ladies . 
Co-Worker : You're just jealous . 
Me : Okay , there have been a few attractive people here but 9 times out of 10 they're usually butt ugly . 
Co-Worker : You're so mean ... 
Me : No , I'm just really vain . 
Raphael de Luna looks like he's really enjoying the new touch screens for the printers in H205 . He keeps laughing for some reason . 
Wishes I could have lunch on Mondays , but everyone's having meetings for when a lunch time slot is placed . Oh , hello hunger and fatigue ! You are now my two best friends for the first few months . Oh , and I can't forget you sickness . You are now my unwanted husband . 
Moneys ! 
My computer froze twice , and 3DS Max crashed 5 times in VFX class today . Stupid machines . I just wanted to make planets explode :( 
For at least 30-45 minutes , both North and Lakeshore campus had internet malfunctions ! There was widespread panic , a few tears , and tempertantrums . It was insane . 
Someone forgot their Armani eyeglasses in H205 . 
I'm sorry but ... This woman's last name is " Mahboob " . 
There are so many chickens up so many people's butts , it's insane . 
For the almost year I've been working here , there's been at least 5 people that have asked me how to use Google . I am going to shoot myself in the face the next time I have to go through step by step on how to use Google . 
wants to pre-order SWTOR . 
There are so many people trying to print out more than 300 pages one after the other that now there's like 50 people waiting for paper to come out . It's mayhem here ! MAYHEM ! PEOPLE ARE CRYING !! 
Student : * pops out from behind the counter * HI ! We're just going to be recording some sound , if you don't mind . 
Me : Uhh ... Okay ... 
Student : YEAH ! I just totally came out of no where , didn't I ? 
Me : You sure did ... 
Student : WELL ! We're just going to record the printers now , ' KAY ? 
Me : Okay ... * is uncomfortable with her suspiciously large smile and her loudness * 
Co-Worker : Is that a Razer mouse ? 
Me : Why yes , it is ! 
Co-Worker : Cool ... I have a Razer mouse and keyboard . You into gaming ? 
Me : Of course ! That is why I have Windows on my Mac . Not a lot of good games for Mac . 
Co-Worker : I agree . I feel as if we've just bonded a little . 
Me : Yes , we have . Friends ? 
Co-Worker : Friends . 
All alone in H205 . Co-worker has left for class and the other one never showed up . 3 out of 4 printers are not working . A woman is about to print out PowerPoint slides that will slow down the printer and cause the line to get really , really long ... I'm just gonna go hide under the desk as the chaos and destruction spreads while tears and temper-tantrums flare up . I am so scared . 
Me : * coming back with fixed staplers * 
Student : * reaching for the staplers in my hands * 
Me : * pulls away from lady's hands and continues walking * 
Student : Excuse me ! I need to use the stapler ! 
Me : Well , you can't take the stapler to your desk . 
Student : I would have brought it back ! 
Me : No . You do not take the stapler away from the desk . The stapler stays at the desk so people know there is a stapler . 
Student : I WOULD HAVE BROUGHT IT BACK ! YOU COULD HAVE LEFT ME THE OTHER STAPLER RATHER THAN JUST LEAVING ! 
Me : I WAS GOING TO GET THEM FIXED ! THEY WERE BOTH BROKEN ! YOU DO NOT TAKE THE STAPLER AWAY FROM THE DESK ! BE THANKFUL I EVEN GOT IT FIXED ! 
* Everyone in the lab stares * 
I got food in me . I LOVE PEOPLE AGAIN . It'll pass once I'm hungry again . 
8 pills just to get better faster ... Stupid pills ... 
