Too much heavy furniture to lift the carpet on my own . Either grab someone else or move more things into the garage . 
was at the dentist today . >.< 
has lifted part of her carpet , now to do the rest . 
is uber tired . -_- 
is tired after hoovering her bedroom . Now to lift the carpet and newspaper . 
isn't sleeping very well tonight . 
feels like screaming . 
doesn't want to see the counselor today . 
is stressed enough to pull out her hair . 
munches on toast because that's the only thing she can tolerate in the morning . 
I'm a fan of sexy underwear ! 
I don't hate you , boy , I just want to save you while there's still something left to save . 
Chewin ' the fat amuses me . 
thanks all who wished her a Happy Birthday . :) 
Things are looking up ! :D Went to the Job Centre for Job Seekers Allowance and they suggested I apply for a position in the Job Centre itself . :P Good money , that is . They're paid a lot ! 
jams to the Basshunter's version of the Tetris remix on YouTube . 
is groggy after napping . 
My friends are so awesome ! 
stole her brother's computer , " Woot ! " 
had an awesome time partying last night . 
is yawning her head off after turning someone down - Aww . 
is a Nationalist . Yay Scotland ! 
Suxxorz . 
takes a seat on her elaborately decorated , gold thrown and awaits the bowing of her eager minions . 
You know how there's the ' like ' option for things ? I want a dislike option . * sagenod * 
Alcohol and anti-depressants do NOT mix well . 
re-shaped her eyebrows ; what do you think ? 
is the dark horse , biatch ! 
Argh !!! My face is burning ! >.< 
likes quizzes . 
almost forgot she had a driving lesson today . 
saved the washing from the coming onslaught of rain . 
whines , " Someone give me a massage , my neck hurts like hell ! " 
fiddles around with GIMP and her photographs . 
got herself some contraceptive pills - Woot ! i r 99% safe from bah-bies 
Am I expected to snap out of it ? It's easier said than done . 
flails 
I'm too bored . Quiz's are starting to get tedious . 
shouldn't be doing quiz ' on FaceBook at this time . 
FaceBook makes iTunes jump . 
Roses are red , violets are blue . Sugar is sweet , and so are you . The roses have wilted , the violets are dead . The sugar bowl's empty , and so is your head . 
feels gewd . 
tried building her shoe rack and it ended up rocking unbalanced . 
just had a nice , warm shower and is now watching Jurassic Park III . 
electrocuted her ass today . 
had a massage and tarot reading ; I feel great ! 
Who's up for clubbing in Gala tonight ?! 
Listen to the MUSTN'Ts , child , Listen to the DON'Ts Listen to the SHOULDN'Ts The IMPOSSIBLEs , the WON'Ts Listen to the NEVER HAVEs Then listen close to me -- Anything can happen , child , ANYTHING can be . -- Shel Silverstein 
P.S. I Love You makes me cry . :( 
giggles hyperactively , " Sugar affects me as if I were a kid . " 
Derren Brown stuck me to my sofa ! * flail * 
had a great day yesterday . I went to laserquest , went drinking and slept - no , stuck - to Rich's leather couch . :D 
is not photogenic . 
Who's willing to pop over here and give me a massage ? :P I'm serious . 
Sometimes it sucks having curly hair . Trying to find a good hairstyle it hell ! 
Petty arguments annoy me . 
got a massage to get rid of the numbness in her left hand , but her back still hurts and the numbness persists ! This isn't to say her Aunt is bad a massaging - she found tonnes of knots and popped them - it just means Hayley's back is uber tense and needs more work . 
Who knew hormone imbalances could cause so much chaos ? I am of the belief that life would be normal if my hormones were under strict control . 
Cool ! I just ordered groceries online . :P 
An operation on my elbow , you say ? 
Have horrible period cramps and bemoan the time of the month where they occur ? Take contraception ! It lessens the pain . * thumbs up * Plus , you're protected from those devilish babies . 
Surprise party FTW ! :D It sucked out all of my energy . 
does the chores ; the trash it out , the clothes are washing and drying and the dishes are washed . 
was job searching . I'm going to send my CV tomorrow . 
Mum called yesterday ! She's been playing bingo and winning every day . :D 
is fed up . 
drinks booze and has fun with her mates . Rock on ! 
has wrinkly fingers was doing the dishes . 
OMG WTF ?! >_> 
Is it clear that I'm bored yet ? 
keeps yawning on and on and on and on and on ... again . 
giggles , " I look too serious when I pose , it is so not like me . " 
paints her nails lilac . I'm trying to strengthen then with Maximum Growth . 
could get drunk on shots . 
* sings * You're the one that I want ! [ One the I want want ] Ooo , ooo , ooo , honey ! You're the one that I want . [ One that I want want ] Ooo , ooo , ooo . The one I neeeeeed , oh yes indeeed ! The one that I want ! 
is freezing her toes off . 
squeals , " I almost stepped on a wolf spider with bare feet ! " 
Gradual muscle weakness in my left hand . =S 
was just raking up the grass in the garden . 
giggles at the drama peeps getting their results on the TV news . 
Two peanuts walk into a bar . One was a salted . 
sneezed five times . 
boogies chuffedly from learning more of her artwork graces her old High School . 
just did the dishes and put on another load of washing . Woo . 
needs cheering up . 
had her hair cut today and went shopping with her mother and nana . What a tiring day . * yawn * 
Knowing is an epic movie . 
Mmm , mini pizza is on my mind and in my belly . 
grumbles at the broken stool . 
drop kicks a 30 pound chihuahua . 
has to wear fancy dress for her cousin's 18th ! I'll be uber sexy . * nod * 
Woo , Star Wars : Episode 1 . Sooo anticlimactic . The hyperactivity and cheerfulness over the past week is gone with the coming of the next pack of pills . o.o Who knew contraception could be bad for you ? 
Why are penguin good race drivers ? 
* headdesks * Ugh . 
My hips are killing me ! Someone massage them better . ;) 
The doctor stole my blood ! Ugh , too big a needle for my liking . 
is disappointed with her blood test results , " I still don't know what's wrong . " )=< 
grumbles , " FaceBook is the only website that will work right now . " 
made fish pie , tatties and roast tatties tonight , I put out the rubbish , reddied the dishes for washing and finally sat down to rest . 
Yikes , I'm gonna keep an eye on that water ! =S 
decided she'd be social today despite last night's episode . 
Stay faaar away , I'm sick . Tara can join me though , she's sick too . :P We've got Ice Age 3 and Star Trek !!! 
is thinking of asking someone on a date since the men seemed to be lacking courage and bravery - Boo ! 
Watching Scotland V Australia rugby - Go Scotland ! :D 
bought herself a warm jumper for the cold weather . 
John and Edward are funny and all , but it's a singing competition and they suck at it . 
is off to the cinema tonight . 
I'm going to bed soon , being up early for work is a drag . -_-; At least my strange are entertaining , albeit strange ! <3 
You HAVE to watch G.I. Joe . It's epic !!! 
has to take off her aqua nail polish for work . :( Yay work ! <3 
I am sooo not photogenic . 
went partying last night after a day's work - the good bits were good , the bads bits were okay . :P 
I plan to take over the world in the name of fuzzy bunnies ! - translates as - I PLAN 2 TAEK OVER TEH WORLD IN TEH NM3 OF FUZY BUNEIS ! 11 ! 1 !! OMG 
So ... he is able to send messages to other folks , but none to me ? Okay . =/ That kinda dampened my day . It made me gape . :( 
is tired after shopping and a bad night's sleep . I had a certain someone on the mind , of which hasn't appeared often in the last month and a half . =/ 
managed to pour tomato soup on herself - Fail . 
Evidently , I am bored ! Amuse me . 
What I'd do for a head massage . |-) 
has to check the water hasn't flooded onto the road , that would be the bottom floor flooded otherwise ! 
paints her fingernails aqua . 
Geeks - gotta love ' em . <3 
is driving today - Uh oh ! =O 
did the dishes at work all on her own all day and they STILL asked me to do things that they had the time to do . >.< More dishes were going out than being washed . 
is a wee bit tipsy . O.O 
I remember being awarded for falling over . Two credit points , I believe . :P 
doesn't wanna work tomorrow . 
started work today ; it was so busy it was hard to keep up with the dishes , there was a constant flow of work to do . <3 
Polar Express ! <3 
is a wee bit stressed out . 
Y'know how people act tough and they're softies on the inside ? I'm a softy on the outside and hard on the inside . 
Joe FTW , X-Factor ! <3 
Boo . 
listens to Susan Boyle's album ; it's actually quite good , if you like the type of music . <3 
is still dizzy from drinking last night . At least I'm clean ! :) 
I'll only look forward to Christmas when work is over . -_- 
has a sick feeling in her stomach . 
Sorry for spam , waiting for the dinner to be ready . :P My fun doesn't start until tomorrow . 
Tonight's not the best night and there's still more to come . =/ 
bought herself an outfit today for tomorrow's cinema trip in Edinburgh and partying afterwards ! They're cozy too . ;) 
Bend over and show me your dark side . -_^ 
has caught a cold , dammit ! 
woke from an aching back - Ow ! 
Wait , what ? >_> 
peers at prospectuses and flats online , " This is gonna be alotta work . " o.o 
Wonga ! <3 
Lesbian Vampire Killers is an amusing film . :P 
is thinking about holding a Halloween party . Who's up for camping in fancy dress ? :P 
had a nightmare that made her spring up from her bed last night . 
can't sleep . 
stabs the dishwasher guy she works with . How dare he bite my head off , he has no right ! 
wants to go to the US of A , anyone have a problem with that ? 
can't wait to see Avatar tomorrow in Edinburgh cinemas . <3 
I lost THE GAME ! 
Doppelgänger week : during this week , please post a picture of someone famous ( an actor , musician , athelete etc . ) - Mine is Vanessa Marcil ! 
What celebrity do I look like ? 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT- if you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops in your head . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; You'll be surprised what people remember about you . 
mutters cryptically about whores . 
had to work and had a horrendous time getting home . -_- 
Howdy = Howdy do/Howdy doo/Howdy doody = How d'you do ? - How do you do ? 
giggles as mum realises she's been pinching her cans - Ha ! ;P 
Up early for an interview , couldn't she have picked a non-sleep-in day ? 
I've got the job - Woo ! 
wishes plans were made on time . 
is a little peeved about being in so few party photos . 
had a good day with @Tara Moore and @Dio Goldengate . 
Oooh , so that's what a skin tag is . 
is selling her car for £500 . Speak up if you've any interest ! 
hates feeling vulnerable . 
has so much screen she doesn't know what to do with it all . 
is loving her new shirts . ( Y ) 
1 in 40 men can lactate ? Srsly ? o.o 
is sick of trying to help someone who is entirely undeserving and only means to hurt me for his selfish desires . 
has another nightmare . 
has got a hangover . 
Off to work - Boo ! 
is finally sorting out her sleeping habits . Just in time to prepare for moving house ! Whoopie !!! 
has been feeling a bit off this week , hope it changes soon so I can get things into gear again . 
listens to Pirates of the Caribbean techno . <3 
As your arms BLEED ! 
loves her family so much ! <3 You guys are so supportive . 
has on hell of a hangover . 
Funny , i go to the interview for one place and they offer me two - WIN ! 
Sunday night drinking FTW . XD 
Selling black hallogen cooker for £200 , get them while they're going ! Selling lawn mower for £100 and fridge for £100 ! Contact moi for details . Number is on my profile . 
isn't so sure she should put up her picks from the party . Will do at some point ! Lemme nurse my cold first . 
The lights in the house are flickering and it's snowing outside . >_> 
Yay , mobile interwebz ! 
Hellz yeah ! Holiday to Greece this summer . 
I like it on the floor . 
Heed my advice , get travel insurance for Rome . My suitcase missed its flights . >:-( 
laughs , " I'm such a nerd . " 
Yummy , a huge WoW patch to install due to the Cataclysm release . This is going to take hours ! D8 
yawns , " I'm shattered . I think this is gonna happen a lot with college . lol " 
admires the motorbikes and skooters in Italy . 
dyed the underlayer of her hair blonde , but it turned a little orange . Time for plan B ! More hair dye . >_> 
had herself a migraine . >_< 
boogies to David Guetta ! x 
sniffles and coughs on everyone , " That's what I thought ! " 
Ugh , hangover . 5 hours sleep and the booze ain't fully out my system . -_- 
One eyed , one horned , flying purple people eater ! ? 
logs off WoW , " Good Hayley ! " 
had a dream about Kerry Leitch and Kieran Riddell last night , we were in a car avoiding being bombed while my brother , Ross Scott , drove and Aaran Gannicot navigated . 
Today was much better , visited the Spanish Steps and Trevi Fountain , couldnt resist a realistic self-portrait too . :P 
Back to the chopping block , or however the saying is said . Time to start afresh ! Not looking forward to it . 
Srsly ? Someone from ASDA was bit by a banana spider and rushed into hospital ? Yikes ! 
Hurrah for smart hotties visiting me in October ! He does martial arts too . ;) <3 
is going clubbing in Gala tonight . Meet me there if you wanna go out too , peeps ! 
Dumb hotties make me want to cry ! D8 
Positive motivation is more effective than nagging , all that serves to do is make things worse . 
is off to Hawick today and ran out of her chill pills . Whoopsie ! 
Download faster , WoW ! 
Jeez , as if I can help not being able to sleep at night . I'm sorry it's sooo bloody frustrating . -_- 
Fuck off School of Wizardry app . -_- You make my profile look geeky . 
Men : Can't live with them , can't live without them . 
If I came with a WARNING label , what 
would it say ? ( Copy and paste this to your status and see the 
warnings you get ) 
Ew , money problems . Only one response to my job search ! Shocking . 
Stop sending me friend suggestions of people I don't know ! 
Ain't it fun not being trusted by one's parents ? -_- 
actually has the flu , not the cold - chesty coughs ftw ! D8 
has been better . 
groans , " Bad day is bad . " 
waits for Tara Moore and Chris Smith to stop shagging in the bedroom . Whee ! 
Time for some Edinburgh partying with my good pals ! <3 
has decided she's going to get bloody nowhere being yelled at . I'd have better luck doing things on my own , then doing normal things wouldn't repell me so much just because someone else commands me to do them . -_- 
is choked up with a chest infection and worried about Karen Moore having crashed her car on the way to Edinburgh to pick up Tara Moore and I . =S Oh , and where's David Roach ?! :P xx 
WANTED : man with patience and no baggage . kthxbai 
One messed up person + one messed up person = disaster . 
Too many fave fictional characters to remember my friggin ' hotmail password . No MSN ! :( 
turns into a reinvented poser . 
had an awesome time last night , much more comfortable than I thought it'd be . Could have done with better Chinese though . ;) Hooray for Prince of Persia ! 
yawns , " I'm shattered . Time to do homework , babysit a gorgeous husky and party tomorrow night in my fab new clothes . Bring it on , world ! " 
wonders what it's like to experience trick-or-treaters coming by the house , it's never happened before ! The countryside is so exclusive . 
I sure know how to make a mess of things , and here i thought the bad days were over . 
has blisters on her blisters - oh , the agony ! 
coming home today with prezzies ! 
is in Belgium at the moment , been searched three times . 
My sandals truly hate me , more blisters . :( 
Walking home is so much fun when you live at the top of a hill . Interview tomorrow ! Someone dropped out , im sure of a place at college . :-) 
just applied for college . In yo ' face ! 
has been moving recently - bugger off ! 
Finally home , I'm shattered . -_- 
already misses home . 
FarmVille , stop sticking things on my profile ! -_- 
Going to Rome tonight - yay ! <3 
lol , wut ? o_O 
can't sleep . :S 
Thanks for the birthday wishes ! :) 
grumbles , " Should have came home , need bed and interwebz ! " 
Doncha hate it when texts are ignored ? I dont know why i bother , i should just tell him to fuck off for good . 
is feeling a little sick . Going to visit Taz and have a good long girly chat . 
I am sooo not photogenic . lol XD 
doesn't want to be awake . -_- 
is sooo hungover , again . XD Good times ! 
Fun times with Tara Moore and Chris Smith ! Epic winz . <3 
cackles , " Vampires Suck ! " 
Mucho headache . D8 
has to go shopping for the weekend out ! =O I have nothing to wear . :( 
needs Vin Diesel movies . I'm on a mission to collect as many buckets of drool as possible . ;) Either Vin Diesel or Hugh Jackman , ta . xx 
Why is it I learn from FaceBook my best friend's in hospital ?! D8 

Get better soon , hun , or else ! :( 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your 
childhood and invite your friends to do the same , for the NSPCC . Until 
Monday ( December 6th ) . There should be no human faces on Facebook , but 
an invasion of memories . This is a campaign to stop violence against 
... children 
So finally something's being done about my SAAS funding and I won't get money until another month has went by ... For crying out loud ! DX 
grumbles . 
Whoa ... New blue iPod nano FTW ! <3 
First day at college and I'm tiiiiiired ! Time to read and sleep . :) 
enjoys a geekend with piano music , chocolate , coffee and all her fave guy friends on msn . :P 
Sigh , parents . 
Om nom nom . I think a zombie munched my brain away . -_- 
met Scott Wilson , Tara Moore and Chris Smith while my brother and I were out and about today ! Cheered me up some . n_n xxx 
is in a vile mood . >:( 
Hello good people ! Lemme share with you my <3 and joy !!! :D 
Yay ! I got me my Tazzams back ! <3 
12 and a half hours yesterday , 7 and a half today ... I am knackered ! 
sticks her nose down and works on her psychology essay due next Friday . 
Time to paaaaaaaaaarty ! <3 
hides from the trick-or-treaters , " Imma firin ' ma laserz !!! " 
Need a lift to Edinburgh - help ! 
Fucking fuck ! Facebook gets me raging . D8 < 
feels like shit and will probably crawl back into bed despite sleeping badly . Meh ! 
groans , " I think I got a blister , I'm good at getting those . " 
Health Check tomorrow at College . I bet they're going to tell me to go get some more vaccinations for placement in the Hospital . >_< I don't mind using needles , but sticking them in me is another story entirely ! 
http://www.sm-radio.com/V3/chat.php 
The 
group asking everyone to change theirprofile picture to their 
favouritecartoon character is actually agroup of paedophiles . They doing 
it because kid's will accept theirfriend request faster if they see a 
cartoon picture . It has nothing todo with supporting child violence , it 
was on a T.V show that warns youabout internet frauds plus tonight's 
news . Pass this on to everyone please 
is totally pished and awake . :D 
hates being bossed about ; is that really what you call a friend ? 
Chess : 
???????? 
???????????? 
wants the new Michael Buble album for christmas - psst ! 
has caught herself a chest infection . :( Tim !!! 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , being a bitch , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if your family is filled with CRAZY people . Your conversations pick up where they left off , even if they have been months apart . They love you for who you are . Re-post if you have at least one true friend . They will know who they are 
Bloody internet cut out for no reason , mobile is so limited . 
lost The Game . 
Tara Moore is in hospital again ; evil sickness . Wish her well ! x 
Haha ! Wireless works on my desktop now . Thank you wireless dongle and easy installation guide . :P 
The House of Night series by P.C. Cast and Kristin Cast is very addictive . I've read a book a day so far ! lol Not quite made it that far with Untamed , unfortunately , but I sure as hell will get there ! 
So what's everyone doing tonight ? :) 
sighs , " New Year dog-sitting , but at least I've got a lovely someone to wait on for a phone call ! " <3 
So i herd u liek mudkipz . 
groans like a zombie , feels like a zombie , is ... a zombie . 
Happy New Year , sweety pies ! <3 
lost the Game . 
The router arrived so we finally have the internet in the Scott residence ! 
My anus is bleeding . D8 
Mmm , Bruno Mars is my new favourite musician . :) 
needs a massage . I managed to twist some muscles in the shower trying to wash my back and now my back AND neck hurts . Geeze . 
is moving house - Woo ! 
Yay to the squirrels with borderline personality disorders ! 
laughs as her mum realises her mother's day present is a head stimulator . 
slept through Valentines Day - wut ? 
Mmmm . * zones out * 
can't sleep . :( 
is determined on going to Edinburgh to see her best bud Tara Moore today despite not sleeping again ! 
got herself a tension headache . >_< 
Had a good night last night . I say last night because it went on until morning and I slept all day until now . :P Love you babes ! 
" But you don't look sick " ..... It's a daily struggle feeling sick on the inside while you look fine on the outside . Please put this as your status for at least 1 hour if you or someone you know has an invisible illness ( M.E. , Lupus , Fibromyalgia , Chronic Fatigue , Diabetes , Crohns , Rheumatoid/Osteo Arthritis , Migraines , Kidney Disease , Epilepsy , MS , Depression , Bipolar , RSD ) This is so very true ....... 
Rules : The 5 people listed at the top , on the left hand side of your profile are destined to join you in the Zombie Apocalypse ! I will be counting on you : Maxine Helene Louise Riddell , Søren Kragh , Lee Cochrane , Chris Smith , and David Roach ! 
has officially dyed her hair purple . :P 
Any jobs out there ? Lemme know ! 
peers at jobs in Edinburgh instead . 
does stuff ... OH WOW , NO WAI ! 
Party ? ... With what money ? =S 
researches dress patterns . 
Cool , I connected MSN to FaceBook . 
designs 19th - 20th century corsets in her sketchbook . 
Aww , I love catching up with old friends ! <3 
Can't sleep . =/ 
Someone point me in the direction of a good job searching tool for Edinburgh . -_- 
Hannah Edie - " Flacid penises fascinate me . " 
Dear lord ... 
Does someone have a printer I can borrow ? Need some copies of my CV . 
