thinks her mom is one of the worst people in the world . 
heard " 21 Guns " by Green Day on the radio when my dad and I went to Costco , and I can't get the chorus out of my head ... " One , 21 guns/Put down your arms , give up the fight/One , 21 guns/Throw up your arms into the sky/You and I " 
is full of spaghetti and BORED OF SUMMER . 
" Throw it away , forget yesterday , we'll make the great escape/We won't hear a word they say , they don't know us anyway/Watch it burn , let it die , ' cause we are finally free tonight " 
feels ... um ... anyone want to tell me how I feel ? ' Cause I don't know . 
WANTS TO SCREAM LOUDLY AND PUNCH A WALL AND SMASH MY STUPID FREAKING GOOD-FOR-NOTHING PIECE-OF-CRAP CAMERA INTO INFINITESIMAL PIECES BECAUSE EVEN WITH THE SOFTWARE IT CAME WITH THE PICTURES WILL NOT UPLOAD ONTO THIS STUPID OLD OUTDATED CRAPPY COMPUTER LIK 
I love days like today where all you do is sit around the house in your PJs and watch some of your forgotten favorite movies ... they are quite amazing . Sunburn gone on back/most of thighs , not so much on shoulders ... ugh . 
is using my mom's iMac because she said I could . 
is finding the various cover arts for her favorite music albums of all time to make a background for her computer . might even put it on fb if i can ... 
has the sudden urge to go back in time and relive the best moments/minutes/hours/days/weeks of her life . 
has learned that sitting on the couch simultaneously listening to my iPod , watching The West Wing , and reading a book does nothing to calm my anger for this crappy computer . 
At Alisha's house , enjoying the change of scenery ! 
one word : FREERICE . 
Dude . Did anyone else know that Rupert Grint had swine flu ?! 
I HAVE OFFICIALLY SUCCEEDED IN CREATING AN AMAZING PICTURE !!!!! THIS IS SOOOO COOL !!!!! ( Everyone else probably won't think it's all that great , but I think it's amazing , given my lack of technological knowledge !!! ) 
BAKED ZITI !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
" Remember this day , lads ... as the day that you almost caught Captain Jack Sparrow ! " Watching POTC with my family minus Katie 
I need a new iPod ... 
I HATE MY COMPUTER !!!!!!! It won't play videos or sound !!! I mean , the sound is on and it works , but it just won't do anything !!!!!!!!! 
Whoa . 4th of July came quickly . 
Just got back from the Crews ' house & I'm going back over once we all eat dinner ! ( Katie Crews is the coolest 9-year-old in the world -- she has Vans [ the canvas , no laces type ] and high-top Chuck Taylors !!! :D ) 
is going to go pass out on her bed and probably won't wake up in time for dinner ... oh well . 
is exceptionally mad . 
Dude . If it's an anime/manga , it has a Caramelldansen . I'm serious . Go to Google Images and look up " caramelldansen " and you'll see what I mean . ( I FOUND OBAMA AND HILLARY CLINTON !!!!!! ) 
knows a good torture method , if anyone's interested . 
is recuperating from the party last night ... I think I had enough sugar to last me 20 years , and we still have BOXES and BOXES of Little Debbie snacks ... anyone want to help eat them ? :P 
" I took one big step and I looked away/And then I thought of all the things that I wanted to say/I'm always too late , you never got your story straight/I'm always up late , I think I'm everything you hate ! " CAN'T ... STOP ... LISTENING ... TO ... BLG !!! 
Harry movie Potter mara ... wait , what ? 
wants to go somewhere cool . If anyone wants to abduct me and take me to , like , the mountains or the Northwest Pacific coast , feel free ! 
just realized how crappy online manga is . The translators do a really bad job sometimes ... I mean , REALLY bad . 
BORED . 
I feel all special and healthy and fit ' cause I spent an hour on Wii Fit ! :D 
ANNA !!!!! COME SAVE ME FROM THE PIT OF DESPAIR AND BOREDOM !!!!! COME BAAAAAAAAACK !!!!!!!!!!! I need someone to entertain me with stupid D . Gray-Man : The Abridged Series references ... * sniffsniff * 
liked HP6 , but was still disappointed in it . 
Doing more random crap on Paint . ( I can't decide how to do this one chick's eyes ... it's so hard !!! ) 
helped clean the office today , I really wish my computer would play YouTube ! 
More pics tomorrow ! 
going to play Uno with Katie and Ben Crews ... it's better than sitting around reading manga online , which is pretty much all I've been doing this summer ! :P 
It appears that Facebook is deserted today . 
still has Caramelldansen in my head . SAVE ME NOW . 
is laughing her butt off at the D . Gray-Man Abridged Series on YouTube ... " It's so fun it'll make you want to jump in a pool of WASABI !!! With EDDIE MURPHY !!!!! " 
I found the sheet music to play the " House M.D. " theme on the piano on Google Images ... MUST LEARN TO PLAY !!!!! XD 
Crews ' in a couple hours ! PARTY !!! :D 
TWO . MORE . WEEKS . UNTIL . BEACH !!! 
at the beach using my sister's laptop . WE HAVE A KITTEN !!!!!!!!! I've named her Andi and she is AFREAKINGDORABLE !!!!!! She <3 ' s me !!! 
" Do you , do you wanna lose it all/'Cause this is more than just a dance hall drug , you can't wait to fall in love/All I'm sayin ' is do you , do you wanna learn to fly/Then you should pack it up and say goodbye , ' cause when the push comes to the shove/It's 
I wish YouTube or playlist.com would work on this computer , this song is about to drive me INSANE !!! 
Computer is spiffied up , still won't play videos or sound from the Internet ( even though we downloaded Flash 10 ) , but whatever -- I hardly use either . :D 
RAWR . 
Beach tomorrow , HAIRCUT TODAY !!! :D :D :D :D :D 
WE HAVE OFFICIALLY LIVED IN UNION COUNTY FOR TWO YEARS . ... Man , I'm depressed ... 
There is lightning and thunder . It is very loud . WE HAD THE BEST PIZZA FOR DINNER !!!!! 
just realized that 1 ) if my iPod would sync to this computer and 2 ) if it could play videos , I could put some of MY videos on it !!!!! 
is having fun laughing at random flair ... XD 
Ew . No-Face just ate the little frog guy . 
I think that The Real Housewives of New Jersey is a fantastically stupid show ( but I still love it ! ) and my mom/sister are two of the worst people in the world . 
is terribly confounded by a personal problem . 
is ... 1 ) sunburned on the tops/fronts of my thighs and all over my back & shoulders , 2 ) rediscovering music I haven't listened to in over six months , and 3 ) FREAKING TIRED . 
I can't sleep . Again . Am I developing insomnia , or is this just my body's stupid inability to relax enough for me to sleep before midnight ? 
Is it sane to have an orthodontist appointment at NINE IN THE MORNING ?! 
Got home from Alisha's an hour ago , took a REALLY long shower , is now munching on Doritos and listening to Boys Like Girls ... 
is fuming . 
Higurashi no Naku Koro ni is a very gory and disturbing manga series . Why am I reading it ? 
ANNA JACUMIN NEEDS TO CHECK OUT THE FLAIR I SENT HER !!! :D 
Home now and missing Andi ( the kitten ) . Our dogs seem so BIG ! 
Will SOMEONE who can watch videos on their computer go to YouTube , look up " d . gray-man the abridged series " , watch episode 6 , and comment on this status if the guy with the white-gray hair and the red scar under his eye has BLUE or BROWN-GRAY eyes ? Thank you . 
just finished Spirited Away ( dang ! that movie's two hours long ) and is officially in love with the soundtrack . 
I found a creative way to not get bored and mad at the computer when it's being slow ... DRAW CHIBIS !!! :D 
I GOT MY BRACES OFF A MONTH EARLY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
can't sleep . 
FROM ANNA JACUMIN : She's a loser and doesn't have internet , and her new computer will have internet soon !!! :D :D :D 
listening to The White Stripes . 
liked orientation , wishes that someone hadn't worn my Rainbows in wet grass and left them all grassy so that the grass was dried on and wouldn't come off and I had to wear uncomfy shoes ( well , ask Anna , I mostly went around barefoot ) and I HAVE SERIOUS BLISTERS !!!!! 
Going to Alisha's today ! :D 
Don't you hate it when you have more than 2 songs stuck in your head at once ? I have to have at least 4 !!! AND ONE OF THEM IS " CARAMELLDANSEN " !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
" Who said that it's better to have loved and lost/I wish that I had never loved at all " 
the party last night was fun , Anna came over and we watched Howl's Moving Castle and got a LOT of new inside jokes from it . 
Now using Dad's computer , arguing with Mom and Katie about how to name the rabbit we're getting possibly next week and who named our old one . DAD SAID WE CAN'T KEEP ANDI !!!!! I is sad . 
had an interesting convo in Dance class today ... Ms. Harris is TERRIFIC . 
downloaded iTunes on this computer so I could plug in my iPod to charge while I have the computer speakers plugged into my iPod so I can listen to music . It'd be a lot easier if my iPod would sync to the computer , although then I'd have to keep re-syncing it to my dad's laptop . Problems ... 
Orthodontist in ... however long 9:40 is from now . 
The finales of seasons 3 and 4 of Bones always make me want to hit something out of frustration ... in the first case , because Zack gets pretty much arrested . In the latter , because the first 42 minutes of the entire 45 minutes of the show is a waste of tim 
Go to YouTube . Look up D . Gray-Man the Abridged Series . Watch Episode 3 from 1:40 to 2:05 . Watch Episode 4 from 6:16 to 6:50 . Watch all of " Exorcists On a Boat " . LAUGH UNTIL YOU DIE . 
I want Anna to come back over ... 
We live on front porches and swing life away/We get by just fine here on minimum wage/If love is a labor I'll slave ' til the end/I won't cross these streets until you hold my hand ... 
Back from being out all day ... 
just got back from a pretty fun party @ the Crews ' house ! 
is pissed off that PacSun doesn't sell anything but skinny jeans any more . I CAN'T FREAKING WEAR SKINNY JEANS !!!!! 
Making random chibi things on Paint . Right now I'm doing people from D . Gray-Man , next I'll probably do random friends . Maybe people from another manga series , Ranma 1/2 . 
dinnertime ! 
Just finished Howl's Moving Castle and I feel sorry for Turnip-Head/Prince ... he's in love with Sophie , who's in love with Howl , who loves Sophie back ... poor Turnip-Head ! 
I'm amazed . I just had the first really good first day of school in over 4 years . I'm afraid that karma will make tomorrow suck !!! 
I just found out that Andi ( my grandmother's kitten ) slept on my pillow last night . o_0 " 
just came back from the Mart of Wal ... the lady pretty much put everything in its own bag !!! What a waste . 
is craving ice cream with dark chocolate-filled wafer rolls my grandmother brought with her to the beach ( and I ate pretty much all of them ) . 
You know the one thing you're fighting to hold will be the one thing you've got to let go/And when you feel the war cannot be won we're gonna die to try what can't be done/Gonna say-say I bet you don't care , now is there nothin ' like that inside of you anywhere ? 
Boy , do I feel stupid . 
Exorcists . Yeah . They do all kinds of crazy crap . They have to , like , hunt the akuma thingies , and , like , take down this fat guy . Yeah , pretty sweet . 
Now on chapter 98 ... Kanda just cannot die , can he ? 
nananananananana BATMAAAAAAN !!! 
You know what really annoys me ? When you have to raise the volume really high on your iPod/MP3 player to hear a certain song , and then it changes and your head gets blasted off . 
bored , about to take a pair of scissors and chop off all my hair . Orthodontist in 2 days ... ugh . 
can finally get my pictures onto the computer DIRECTLY instead of putting them on the old laptop and using a memory stick to transfer them ! 
Is it really sick for me to like the movie " Knowing " if pretty much everyone dies in the end ? Really , someone ( other than Mom ) tell me . I need to know . 
is now REALLY ticked off !!! I HATE DISNEY DVD DIGITAL COPIES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THEY SUCK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I'm on a boat AAAAND it's going fast AAAAND I got a nautical themed pashmina afghaaaan ... 
Harry Potter later , maybe Border's . 
nananananananananananananananana BATMAAAAN !!! 
feels sick . This sucks . 
Anna Jacumin's status came from my phone manual . Just to let you guys know ... ( I put this as a comment on her status and she freakin ' DELETED it ! How mean is she ? ) 
had fun on YouTube since Katie let me use her MacBook ... haha ... DOOM DOOM DOOM DOOM DOOM DOOM DOOM !!!!!!! thanks Katie , you helped make my life . 
listening to random music on Anna's iPod ... school tomorrow . Excited for dance , not so much anything else ( besides seeing my friends again and getting my iPod back ) . 
Goodnight world , I'm turning my mind over to the waves of sleep that I yearn for . Don't worry--I'll come back tomorrow ! 
wants Anna to answer her cellular device so I can talk to her . 
Wow , Trigger is so fat ... :O 
Hunter gained 20 million cool points for not yelling at me for wearing his Green Day shirt , gray/black jacket and this AMAZING hat at his party . For real . 
I started the D . Gray-Man series over again on Friday , didn't read it at all Saturday , and I'm already on chapter 86 . -_-" 
Birthday countdown : 4 MORE FREAKIN ' DAYS !!!!!!!!! 
Vampire Weekend <3 
Whoa ! You know what I just realized ? For anyone who watches Bones , you know how Booth and Bones always go to The Royal Diner after they finish a case ? THAT SAME DINER IS IN THE " NINE IN THE AFTERNOON " VIDEO FOR A FEW SECONDS !!!!!! 
D . Gray-Man 187 made absolutely NO FREAKIN ' SENSE . And they're still on hiatus until November , and then they're changing to a monthly installment instead of weekly ... whatsoever will I do for the next 2.5 months ?! 
MUST . HAVE . GUITAR . HERO . 5 . Why , you ask ? AAAAAAAA ----- PPPPPUUUUUUUUUNNNNNNNKKKKKKKKKK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! VVVVAAAAAMMMMMPPPPPIIIIIIIRRRREEEEE WWWWEEEEEEKKKKKKEEEEENNNNNDDDD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! That's why . 
At this rate of procrastination , I'll have one outfit for the beach we're leaving for in two days . Most of what I'm bringing to wear is still in the wash ; the rest was thrown pell-mell into my ( tiny ) suitcase this morning . 
thinks she pulled a muscle or something in her side , because IT REALLY HURTS . 
will officially have bad dreams tonight . 
just got this mission from Mystery Google : Mission : Go to www.mindblown.webs.com and post submission . I plan on completing it . 
Today feels like a good day . 
TODAY WAS THE FIRST GOOD DAY I'VE HAD IN OVER A WEEK !!!!!!!!! 
My good day is officially ruined . Thanks a LOT , Chris . 
Another performance tonight ... 3 hours of standing in the sound booth doing nothing . It's better than being backstage with the models . 
Rehearsal is killing me . PLEEEEEEAAAAAASSSSSSEEEEEE let tomorrow go perfectly or Ms. Harris will be out for blood . 
I a ) had a pretty good day at school . b ) learned that Ms. Harris is a true believer in stretching muscles you never knew you had . c ) am leaving for my grandmother's house because she MIGHT have totaled her car , even though Volvos are impregnable ( yes , its silver , for any Twilight freaks out there ) , and Mom's worried about her and Dad is so overprotective that he won't let me stay at home alone for a couple hours . 
doesn't know what to do ... 
is trying to figure out how to spell various French words for a dance assignment . 
AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!! ME AND ANNA HAVE 2 CLASSES TOGETHER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YYYYYYYAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I hate my new retainer !!! 
" For he is the lord of all evil , the enemy of God , destroyer of mankind , antagonist of the series !... Oh , and he's also the embodiment of YouTube poop ! " " Seriously ? " " Well ... yeah . " " That's stupid . " " Oh whatever , he's the destroyer of mankind ! " 
Problem solved ! :D 
" So , this is the Innocence we obtained off-screen eight months ago ! This is what the Earl of the Millenium is after ... the source of an exorcist's power ! But I wonder ... what should I do with this salty-sweet sea salt ice cream bar ? " 
Youth group tonight , possibly ! =] 
Hmmm , let's see if I can pass this one part in our new game without dying ! Maybe it'll work the seventy-second time . 
You may say I'm a dreamer/But I'm not the only one/I hope someday you'll join us/And the world will live as one 
" Oh , Bryn , you see through the dark , right past the fireflies that sleep in my heart ... " <3 VAMPIRE WEEKEND 
Ugh . School tomorrow . 
She got down on hands and knees , one hear against the ground , holding her breath to hear something but the dirt made not a sound tonight ... 
Anna and I are so freaking weird . You just have to be part of our inner circle to understand our humor ... actually , most of the time you have to be US . 
finally watched House and is ready to kill Chase and the writers of the show because this must mean that Jesse Spencer is leaving the show , just like Kal Penn did . Except I don't think he'll shoot himself in the head . But whatever . 
is back from Anna's house ! 
Are we , we are , are we we are the waiting ... in a Green Day mood 
I stabbed myself with the non-pointy end of a needle today in Dance class . How wrong is that ? 
To anyone who wished me a happy birthday : THANK YOU !!!!! I feel so loved :D 
chatting with John , He-Who-Really-Needs-To-Get-A-Facebook . 
Was it really necessary for them to play " 21 Guns " FOUR SEPERATE TIMES during Transformers 2 ? Really ? 
Going to youth group tonight , I get to see all my Parkwood Middle friends !!! :D :D :D 
For real ? Anne Hathaway is the White Queen in Tim Burton's Alice in Wonderland ? That makes no sense . 
Anna's over :D 
I'm a beast . Why ? MY FACEBOOK SPEAKS IN PIRATE . 
was made over by Amanda , Tiffany and Brianna in gym class , and watched Imari be held down by every girl in our gym class and have gold eyeshadow applied by Brianna :D Fun times , fun times ... 
loves pomegranate flavored Tootsie Roll Pops :) 
Chapter 188 of D . Gray-Man does NOTHING for the series !!!!! NOTHING !!!!!!!!! HURRY UP AND EXPLAIN WHY KANDA DOESN'T DIE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
All the leaves turned red and yellow overnight ... whatever happened to my beautiful in-between season ? 
went to bed last night at 10 & woke up at 11 , I think this is the first time this whole school year I've gotten more than 6-7 hours of sleep ! :D 
Okaaaaaaay , chat's working now and I have 20 FREAKING NOTIFICATIONS ... 
definitely needs this 3-day weekend . 
just got back from Lucas's house , it's SO EFFING COLD outside !!!!!!! 
going out of town for Thanksgiving Break ? Poetry Out Loud tomorrow and I still don't know my poem ... crap . 
It's cold and rainy ... stupid November . 
Why can't Facebook just STOP updating to all this random crap ?! 
decided to try and do NaNoWriMo . I doubt I'll get it , but you know what ? I don't care ! :D 
now has to memorize " On Inhabiting an Orange " by Josephine Miles before Wednesday . Fettucine alfredo for dinner :D 
' Cause this is thrill-ERRRRRR , THRILLER NIGHT !!! :D :D :D 
Is this the end or just the start of something really , really beautiful/Wrapped up and disguised as something really , really ugly ? 
is now , officially , afraid of Anna Jacumin's toothbrush named Larry . 
just rewatched Sweeney Todd , orthodontist later . Terrific . 
I surpass all of you , for I have " The Lost Symbol " by Dan Brown . FEAR ME . 
I can almost walk normally now :D One day of crutches , one day of horrible limping , probably one day of slight limping , and then probably one day of almost-back-to-normal-minus-dance-and-gym . 
BEST . MLIA . EVER . Today , my liitle sister was playing barbies in her room . When I walked by all I heard was " First , my ninja barbies , we are going to destroy Hannah Montana and her awful music , and then we will take over the world ! " I don't know whether to be terrified or extremely proud . MLIA 
I read the FML in question , and I find this hilarious . " Today , I read a story on FML about a girl who accidentally sent an email to her band teacher saying he was handsome . Getting that email made my day . MLIA " 
Angels & Demons still didn't live up to my un-live-uppable standards , but IT WAS AWESOME . :D 
homework should be banned . 
It's November already ?! 
Found an EXCELLENT MLIA to tag Anna Jacumin in , but it's 200 characters too long for a status update ... STUPID FACEBOOK !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Things are shaping up to be pretty odd , little desks and musical beds , so it seems of someone I never met ... 
can't stop singing " One " from " A Chorus Line " ... jeez . 
back from the mall , picked out some Christmas presents :D 
to write love on her arms <3 
The Christmas Banquet at JAARS was so much fun ! ( Dude in all black with the hot pink tie : you're in for it . You stole my amazing red suitcase . IT'S ON . ) 
stupid " Fireflies " keeps circling around in my head ... I only know the chorus , too , which makes it even MORE annoying ! I have about 30 words going around and around and around ... 
Work it harder , make it better , do it faster , makes us stronger , more than ever , hour after our work is never over ... DAFT PUNK !!! Anna Jacumin knows what I'm talking about :D 
EXHAUSTED . I don't know how I'm going to survive the week . Anna Jacumin , can I borrow your iPod for another day ? Pretty stunning gorgeous beautiful please ? I promise I'll give it back someday ! 
NICK & NORAH'S INFINITE PLAYLIST IS THE MOST AMAZING MOVIE EVER . It has no plot or point , but it's hilarious !!! 
went to the mall today ! :D 
NCDT tomorrow !!! :D 
New pics , go check them out :D 
kind of sad that the show is over ... everyone at CATA , pay $3 to skip out on 2nd block and see bits & pieces of it on Thursday ( I think) ! 
Why do I feel like I'm missing something ? 
Okay , so chat's " down for maintenance " and notifications aren't getting through ... I'm taking a Tylenol now because I just know this'll give me a headache . 
MOMENT OF WIN FOR " THE OFFICE " FANS . " Yesterday , my girlfriend and I dressed up as Jim and Pam from the office . At one door when we were trick or treating , somebody dressed as Dwight answered . When he saw us he said , " Oh , it's you two , " set down his bowl , and gave us a peice of candy from his pocket . I'm afraid to open it . MLIA " 
Daft Punk is AWESOME !!! 
No plans for Halloween except to run all around my neighborhood with Anna screaming out " I'M A POWER RANGER !!! " Anyone want to join us ? 
sooooo tired . Youth group later . Happy and sad that we're not ever doing Homebird or One again ... this is weird ... 
YES . YES . YES . I MUST DO THIS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! " Today , our school had a dress as a doctor day and a lot of people decided to wear scrubs . There would be a competition to decide who had the best costume . I dressed in jeans , a button-up , a jacket , and a cane , complete with converse . My name tag read House M.D. Guess who won the contest . MLIA " 
I am in love with the Pirates of the Caribbean soundtrack(s ) . I want all 3 , plus the soundtracks for Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist and Sweeney Todd : Demon Barber of Fleet Street . 
HOLY CRAP HOLY CRAP HOLY CRAP THE P.I. GUY IS BACK ON HOUSE AND HE'S LIVING WITH CUDDY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Okay , who thinks that Cameron and Chase are getting a divorce ? And who thinks that this is the last season ? I hope it's not !!! 
THERE ARE NOT ENOUGH WORDS TO DESCRIBE HOW AWESOME HOUSE WAS THIS WEEK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Cameron is leaving Chase ALREADY after 6 or 7 weeks of being married at most because he killed that Dibala dictator , and then next week's episode looks AMAZING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! You know why ? CHASE PUNCHES HOUSE WITH THE CHEESY SOUND EFFECTS AND EVERYTHING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I can't wait until next Monday :D :D :D 
is now , officially , a fan of Soul Eater . <3 
can't wait for Christmas ! :D 
Scott Westerfeld is , officially , the KING of awesome censorship . ( see " So Yesterday , " page 118 , at the bottom , for the awesomeness ) 
has a huge bag of Crazy Cores Skittles , and wants to know why the heck everyone is changing their profile pic to a Pokemon ! 
Today , I walked into Hot Topic wearing my Twilight shirt . I asked the salesman if they carried an Harry Potter scarves . He quickly grabbed my arm and lifted it into the air and proclaimed to the entire store that I had ' seen the light ' . MLIA . 
REALLY wants to kill a certain person right now . Can't say who . 
nom nom nom . 
still working on my video , not sure how it's gonna turn out but I'm gonna keep trying ! 
The most bothersome thing about Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince : Horace Slughorn is missing a mustache . 
Last-second Christmas shopping for the padre . Oh boy . 
Working on a new movie project ! Anna Jacumin knows what I'm talking about :D I have about 2 clips done , but one is 3.5 seconds and the other is 4 ... Yeesh . Loooong way to go . 
" Harry ! " " Sir ! " " It's nearly nightfall ! Surely you understand I absolutely cannot allow you to wander about the grounds by yourself ! " " Well then by all means , come along then ! " 
Today was quite possibly one of the best Christmases ever . 
That party was SO MUCH FUN !!!!! 
at her grandmother's house , taking loads of pictures of the crystal doorknobs ( no , this is not a mansion , it's just really old ) , the flowers , and the cats . Well , it would be cats if I could find Macon , but I can only find Molly ... oh well . 
just found out that Vampire Weekend is coming to Asheville in April . WANT . TICKET . NOW . Oh and their new album is great ! :D 
THIS IS SO SCREWED UP !!!!!!!!!!! First they get the entire plot of the past , like , 5 or 10 episodes COMPLETELY wrong , then they add in facts that are IMPOSSIBLE , then this person doesn't die ( for which I am very happy but still annoyed by ) , then they're adding in so much freaking suspense that inside my head I think I've broken a few windows , and it is just SO SCREWED UP !!!!!!!!!!!!! I'M GOING CRAZY !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
still working on my video , but now I'm trying to decide which parts to cut -- I spent NO time on YouTube today , all I did was work , and now it's almost done ! :D I just have to cut pieces , add some more , and then put them all in order and hope everything goes where it's supposed to . Oh jeez . 
So according to Pandora , Vampire Weekend and Green Day are similar bands . Indie pop . Alternative/punk . Um , can we say NO ?! 
Dad's fine , his surgery went well according to him & Mom . He's still pretty much half dead from the anesthesia . 
All I can say about what just happened : EPIC WIN FOR THE 6-YEAR-OLD WITCH . EPIC . WIN . 
listening to Pandora ... how did I ever live without it ? <3 
" See ? See what happens to you when you don't listen to me ? You die . You die dead . " 
LOOOOOOOOOVES my new MacBook !!!! :D :D :D THANK YOU DAD !!!!!!!! 
school . Ugh . I couldn't sleep last night , operating on about 6 hours of sleep today . 
I have just finished the Soul Eater anime . I can say that I really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , REALLY love the manga SO MUCH MORE . Too bad the manga isn't done yet and it left off at quite an epic point . Gah . Nothing to watch or read now ... 
I FINALLY finished the video project I've been working on for the past week ! TAKE THAT , PROCRASTINATION AND COMMITMENT-ISSUES !!!!! XD XD XD 
is not enthused about doing a hip hop piece in the upcoming concert , but is greatly enjoying this mandarin orange . 
just got up ... stayed awake until about 3 A.M. watching Soul Eater . Didn't really like the ending , and I want to know how the heck they're gonna make the second season if the big main bad guys are all dead . The manga is so much better . 
We all live in a yellow submarine , a yellow submarine , a yellow submarine , we all live in a yellow submarine , a yellow submarine , a yellow submarine ! 
EVERYONE IS DYING IN SOUL EATER !!!!!!!!! This entire story arc never happened in the manga so I've been practically screaming with the suspense and SOMEONE JUST DIED !!!!! And next episode is the one where another main character dies , if they keep with the storyline . AAAAAHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!! 
I learned a new word ! It's floccinaucinihilipilification . I have no freaking clue what it means , but it was on Demyx Time ! XD 
blue with polka dots :D 
hanging out with Anna Jacumin later at her church lock-in ... see you all next year ! 
still working on that exam for Ms. Harris , and I have to write my critique tomorrow too . I really hate homework . 
loves eating mandarin oranges because they make my fingers smell like citrus . Now I can't stop sniffing my fingers . Greaaaaat . 
watching Spirited Away and just got to where Chihiro meets Komachi for the first time ... I absolutely ADORE the sootballs !!! 
just ate Chinese food WITH CHOPSTICKS . I feel Asian . XD 
EXHAUSTED and waaay behind on writing her exam for dance ... ugh . 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NOT CHASE TOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! FIRST HOUSE CUT HIS HAIR SHORT AND NOW THEY RUINED CHASE'S LOVERLY LONG HAIR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
' s Dennis died ... DX Now I have to make another one !!!!! 
currently listening to " Icky Thump " by The White Stripes ... love ! :D 
I officially hate the Soul Eater anime . Officially . I hate it . I hate it . I hate it . I hate it . This wasn't supposed to happen . It didn't work this way . Everything is wrong . This person doesn't die , and that person isn't supposed to die , and this person is supposed to be somewhere unknown , and that event never happened , and this event was supposed to happen but didn't . So much is wrong with it . I hate it . I hate it . 
is listening to Vampire Weekend's new album even though it comes out in 6 days : THEY HAVE THE SONGS ON THEIR WEBSITE !!!!! :D :D :D 
' s night was just made by some awesome news from some guy I don't even know . :D 
BBBBRRRREEEEEAAAAKKKK !!!!!!!!!!! I can't wait to sleep in until 12 every single freaking day for the next 2 weeks . 
I don't know if I'm excited for tomorrow or not ... 
gets to sleep in late tomorrow and walk into school at 1 :D 
just made Dennis XD ( Anna Jacumin : THE SORA SHOW !!!!! ) 
is watching House while on the phone with Anna Jacumin . Can we say " difficult ? " 
had a lot of fun at the mall ! I got a dress , belt & necklace for the b&w semiformal this Saturday , a Dairy Queen Blizzard , a Rise Against t-shirt , and A TRANSFORMERS BELT BUCKLE !!!!! :D :D :D 
making another Soul Eater AMV , hopefully this one won't get deleted off of YouTube like my last one did . 
shopping with Anna ! :D 
not entirely thrilled about living in the same house with my family , but when have I ever been ? 
A whole month before House comes back on ... gah . 
feels slightly less nauseous/dizzy/woozy after eating some chicken pot pie and apple slices . 
at the Anna's house :D 
now has a total of 51 seconds for my video . Can we say , HOLY CRAP I'M ACTUALLY COMMITTING TO SOMETHING ?!?!?! 
MUST HAVE EVERY SINGLE PARLÉ PRODUCTIONS T-SHIRT . ( they've gotta be the men's ones though , there are more of those and plus one of them has an extra line on it that isn't on the women's version of the shirt ) I especially want the one about floccinaucinihilipilification . And the defenesized biatch shirt . And the " TWILIGHT ISN'T LITERATURE ! " shirt . Jeez , I just need all of them . 
feels accomplished because her MLIA got published . :D 
So according to American Eagle Outfitters , my name is Emike Muse . I think something went wrong with our communications , but I'm not changing it . 
' s legs feel like they are about to fall off ... doing the wall stretch for 5 minutes and then doing a whole bunch of crap in P.E. an hour and a half later is NOT very fun . 
went to school for a total of 2 hours . 
is really freaking ticked of at YouTube and WMG music for not letting me upload the video I spent a total of about 3 days ' worth of hours on . Anna Jacumin and Lucas Parot , just know that tomorrow I will be out for blood . Stay at least 1 mile away if you don't want to be at risk . 
Goodnight ... or good morning , if you round up the time and say it's 12 . Depends on what kind of person you are . 
So Avatar was the best movie of the century , for SURE . 
If we all become new people in the new year , what happens to the old person ? Do they dissolve into the past ? Do they haunt us like a ghost ? Or do they simply vanish ? 
is definitely screwed . How am I supposed to turn in a critique when A ) I'm not going to school tomorrow , and B ) I wouldn't even have that class if I went to school ? 
Meh . 
not in a happy mood . 
feel extremely special :D 
is so totally screwed . 
soooooooooo sore . Going to bed EARLY . As in , NOW . 
BOO-YAH !!!!!!! Shinigami-sama just pwned Asura with a Reaper Chop !!!!!! BOO-FREAKIN-YAH !!!!!!!!!!!! 
to anyone who says dancing isn't a sport : We have to be flexible , smart , fast , able to remember a whole lot of steps , know what all the stage directions mean , know how to count music and tell when our cues are , and all sorts of other stuff . So SUCK IT . 
meh . 
extraordinarily bored . 
" A door left open , a woman walking by/A phone on the table , a look in the eye/A drop in the water , a man on your side/Or someone that you think that you can trust , it's just another way to die " 
it snowed a little bit ! :D 
Ugh . 
I doubt I'll ever get all this hairspray and body paint off of my body ... and I have to do it all again on Monday ! ' Cause this is THRILLER , thrill-er night ! TO PEOPLE IN GENERAL : THE CATA SHOW HAS BEEN MOVED TO MONDAY ! Anna Jacumin , Alisha Newton , anyone else who I've told : THE SECOND SHOW IS ON MONDAY , SAME TIME , SAME PLACE , SAME COST . 
Dude . House next week looks AWESOME . 
Good morning world , now give me chocolate . 
oh jeez . Rehearsals start tomorrow . Someone shoot me now and put me out of my misery . 
soooo I have a ton of homework , plus other stuff I need to do ... ugh . 
Saw some interesting sights on the bus ride home ... a random guy wearing one of those huge camo jackets holding a rifle and sitting on his porch , some dude who looked JUST LIKE Daniel Craig , and a kitten that was 2 different colors . 
so the show tonight could've been better ( coughSOUNDcough ) but all in all I think it was pretty freaking good . 
just woke up and I have an hour before I have to be at school ... :D 
??????? watashi wa ninja no yo ? That means " I'm a ninja ! " in Japanese . XD Thank you Google Translate ! 
wants to simultaneously punch , strangle , and shoot FUNimation for getting such crappy voice actors for the English dub of Soul Eater . I'm sure Anna Jacumin agrees with me . 
so the pep rally was only fun because of the surprise ninja fight and the teachers in drag . Other than that , it sucked . ( the freshman class has NOOOOOOO spirit X3 ) 
woke up waaaaay too early . Stupid sun . 
is thinking about a lot of things , and not all of them are nice . I need a haircut and contacts too . 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NOT THE NEW FACEBOOK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
very sick . Ugh . 
Hugh Laurie and Stephen Fry are absolute GENIUS . Especially Hugh Laurie . ( watching random bits of " A Bit of Fry and Laurie " on YouTube right now , it's terrific X3 ) 
NUUUUUUU !!!!!!! SUGAR WAS VOTED OFF !!!!!!!!!! dangit . 
3rd day in a row that I've had a 104/105 fever , leaving for the nearest free clinic as soon as Mom looks them all up . Anna Jacumin , I blame you for not knocking on wood last night after you said " I hope you don't go to the hospital " . XP 
watching Survivor , really happy that Rupert and Sugar and Tyson are back ( 3 of my favorites !!! ) , and staying home again tomorrow . I'd love to see Russell go home right now and be replaced by Johnny Fairplay . 
I heard the birds singing and the crickets chirping today ... I don't have the heart to tell them that they're a couple months early . 
Does anyone know if the show is cancelled tomorrow , too ? 
so House tonight wasn't the best but it was still pretty good . Not looking forward to tomorrow , just because it's school . 
So I just got back from the clinic . Apparently I have a UTI ... with virtually no symptoms . I feel like I should be on House . XD 
someone adopt me , NOW . I'm serious . I can't stand living with these imbecilic jerks who call themselves my " family . " 
" Hey , you can't have a complaint , we haven't even started class yet ! " * glare * " Your necktie sucks . " " ... It's in style ! " XD 
might possibly go outside and take pictures of the snow . 
baby Chase Rose is here to stay X3 
School . Need I say more ? 
I want a baby hedgehog that will turn into an adult hedgehog . ( As opposed to , like , a Mudkip or something . ) 
So does everyone remember that mailer from American Eagle I got a month ago that was addressed to one " Emike Muse ? " Well , she and Emily Muse are apparently 2 different people , because I got a mailer from aerie and she did too . I feel like I've beaten the system . >:3 
oh , how I love old Disney songs ... I've been listening to " Strangers Like Me " and " I'll Make a Man Out of You " for the past hour . I used to sing these all the time ... what happened to those days ? 
According to Mrs. Pentecost , we are in high school because we're not mature enough for college . Hm , that's funny , I'm pretty sure the reason I'm in high school is because I'm not legally old or educated enough to go to college , but I could be wrong . 
You must be swift as the coursing river , with all the force of a great typhoon , with all the strength of a raging fire , mysterious as the dark side of the moon ... going to watch that movie now X3 
So " Bad Romance " is an Idol-worthy song ? That's rather interesting . ( don't get me wrong , I love that song , but I think it's strange that it's on the Idol song list ) 
Jeez . My neighborhood sucks at handing out candy . At least me and Anna got to A ) make our hair stand up , kind of B ) go trick-or-treating in our made-in-10-minutes costumes and C ) sit out on the driveway and have fun with glowsticks !!! :D :D :D 
working on my choreography , and taking occasional breaks ( like now ) to check Facebook and work on Florence Jacumin's birthday present :3 
She lives in a fairytale somewhere too far for us to find , forgotten the taste and smell of a world that she's left behind , it's all about the exposure , the lens , I told her the angles were all wrong , now she's ripping wings off of butterflies ... 
I'm so tired I might just go to bed right now . 
FINALLY has her costume for her solo !!! Not exactly what I wanted , but it'll do . 
dog-sitting this weekend , not doing much else aside from cleaning up my solo and working on a science project . Fun fun fun . :P 
still sick , probably not going to school tomorrow ... AGAIN . 
just got back from Wal-Mart , when we got there there were Girl Scouts and Dad said that we'd buy some Thin Mints and Tagalongs on the way out but when we left they were gone . TT^TT 
so rehearsal was let out about an hour early because of the snow , and I'm just now getting on Facebook . Oh , have I mentioned enough times how my solo is THE FIFTH DANCE OF THE ENTIRE CONCERT ?!?!?!?!?! TT^TT 
Singles Awareness Day is upon us . Joy . 
has rediscovered the Reduced Shakespeare Company on YouTube ... look it up XD 
So Miss Saigon is THE BEST THING EVAR . Go watch it . Now . 
Today , in my microbiology class , I learned that the H1N1 virus is the same strain as the Spanish influenza of 1918 . Edward Cullen had the Spanish influenza and H1N1 just started to surface when he came into the limelight . I blame him , not the pigs . MLIA 
The show is halfway over ! TT^TT And apparently I look like I've been taking hip hop classes for my entire life ... and I've never taken a single one ... 
I slept from 11:30 to 1 PM last night . That's 13 and a half hours . I think I'm ready for the show tonight . 
Ugh . School . 
Okay , so I love the RSC even more now that I'm FINALLY listening to all 170 20-minute-long podcasts I downloaded a while ago . It's not all about about Shakespeare--it's the most random crap that I've ever heard , and for some reason I find it hysterical . 
In ten minutes , my computer will announce to me that it is 10:00 in a creepy stalker voice at top volume . I love Macs . XD 
no comment . 
is fairly pissed off now , and doesn't want to talk about it . that means no comments . 
trying to get my act under control , and failing majorly . Hopefully tonight will make it better . 
good morning . 
( I'm sorry for the third status update in under an hour , but I just can't resist . This is the last one , I promise . ) " Ash , whaddya say ? " " Well , right now , I wish my mom had named me Bob instead of Ash ... " 
I'm watching Pokémon The Movie 2000 : The Power of One and I am legitimately in my happy place . XD 
And in the sea there is a fish , a fish that has a secret wish , a wish to be a big cactus with a pink flower on it ... 
hates time changes . 
has a lot of homework to do ... hopefully I'll finish it soon so I can go on Tegaki and start drawing America nomming on his giant cheeseburger :D 
finally home , going to choreograph the last 18 seconds of my solo then working on science . Fun fun fun ... :P 
drawing more random stuffs on Tegaki . X3 
Words cannot even begin to describe how simultaneously freaked out , amused , happy , and slightly disappointed I am now that I've read the newest 3 chapters of Soul Eater on OneManga . ( THEY FINALLY GOT THEM UP !!!!!!! Jeez ! ) 
" Prepare for trouble that you've never seen ... " " And make it double , ' cause we're on the big screen ! " Team Rocket FTW ! X3 
If you put a box of Thin Mints in the freezer for approximately 5 to 8 minutes , then take them out and eat them , they taste delicious . 
[ insert snappy remark here ] 
" I was playing dolls with my brother’s girlfriend’s four year old daughter . We were playing hospital . She looked at me and said . " Alright , now we need to sit around and discuss her diagnosis . " Turns out she watches " House " every week ! IMMD ! " <-- I MUST MEET THIS CHILD 
is enjoying Pandora . Oh , how did I ever live without Flash ? 
is shocked by my deviantART stats ... a lot more people than I thought have favorited/downloaded all my pictures ! 
over halfway done with my science project , about to go research board game rules for art class ( don't ask ) , and probably not doing my geometry until later tonight or tomorrow morning . I'm proud of myself . XD 
hasn't eaten dinner yet . 
going on stage in 3 hours ... ugh ... SO NOT READY !!!!! 
Wow . This is so sad . A Georgian ( the country , not the state ) luger died this morning in practice on the luge course . The entire opening ceremony is now dedicated to him . RIP , young man whose name I do not know . 
well , Watson won Jeopardy , so IBM can rejoice ! 
all I want is Hall's Fruit Breezers . :/ 
this envelope from Oberlin College & Conservatory mentions albino squirrels and womb chairs . I don't really know what to make of this . 
I feel like I'm coughing up my lungs . :/ 
if Russell isn't instantly booted off of this season I will sue ABC . 
Miyazaki marathon FTW . ( even though I only have 3 movies . :P ) 
if I can't go to school tomorrow I am going to cry . 
I'm going to school today ! :D 
well , I have the flu . :/ 
and who , in case she doesn't hang , can say she started with a bang ? Roxie Hart ! 
surreality . 
I will not hear what you have to say . 
you were wrong all along . 
the next episode of " House " is going to be a musical . 
... have I died & gone to heaven ? 
I am extraordinarily glad that I was not at CATA to witness that event . I think I would have thrown up . and punched Officer Parlor in the face . that too . 
it takes a lot of lists for me to successfully pack for a long trip . 
I want to swim with whales . 
forget your troubles , come on , get happy ; you'd better chase all your cares away ... 
home ! 
definitely NOT ready for auditions tomorrow . do I * have * to go to the music audition , or can I just go to dance ? 
well , that audition went badly . 
it's empty in the valley of your heart . 
when you're good to Mama , Mama's good to you . 
why is Helena Bonham Carter such an amazing actress ? 
oh , please don't cry , you liar . 
ba ba Americano . 
so I might not be able to do " A Chorus Line " anyway . 
you know what really upsets me ? the lag on certain episodes of " Murder , She Wrote " from Netflix instant streaming . 
I love stories . 
I feel like this hail is going to fall through the roof . anxiety at its finest . 
Rise Against's new album is amazing . just saying . 
you musn't be afraid to dream a little bigger , darling . 
all the Disney movies made in the ' 90s are impeccable . 
just performed a rescue mission for a baby mockingbird . 
so I'm riding a different bus in the afternoon than I am in the morning ... I AM GOING TO DIE if this means Anna Jacumin and Hunter Martin aren't on my bus . DX 
GLEE . 
I AM DISAPPOINT . 
B| 
Cette mélodie hante mon cerveau , cette mélodie qui a été une fois de nous ... 
cannot . stop . mentally . singing . " Cellblock Tango . " 
Watson didn't know who killed Charity Burbage , Mad-Eye Moody , and Severus Snape . THIS COMPUTER IS A FAILURE . 
" There's no point in staying home on New Year's if I don't have manga and ice cream ! " -- Japan is funny sometimes . XD 
now I want to go see the Green Day musical ... it sounds amazing . 
Walked around Carolina Beach ( I think ) today , about to get back on the ferry . There are TONS of seagulls around our car and one of them keeps staring at me ... 
missed a Ustream with the Parle Crew ... DX 
I swear , keeping this food journal will make me go anorexic before the end of the week . 
' s brain might just explode if I try to do something now ... but it's either do geometry now with a half-dead brain , or at 2 in the morning with eyelids that won't stay open . 
for some unknown reason , my voice is dying , even though I didn't scream last night ... oh jeez . 
New very spiffy phone , AND they synced my contacts from my old phone . This couldn't get better . :D 
So I've lived here for exactly 3 years today . Fun . 
Lately I've been getting this intense vibe from my parents that clearly feels like they're deeply disappointed that they're stuck with me as a daughter . Trust me , the feeling's mutual . 
" Snape raised his eyebrows and his tone was sardonic as he asked , ' Are you intending to let him kill you ? ' ' Certainly not . You must kill me . ' There was a long silence , broken only by an odd clicking noise . Fawkes the phoenix was gnawing a bit of cuttlebone . ' Would you like me to do it now ? ' asked Snape , his voice heavy with irony . ' Or would you like a few moments to compose an epitaph ? '" 
Kidz bop should NOT be singing " Alejandro " or " California Gurls . " AT ALL . 
Micayla Gott , you've converted me -- RHPS is now one of my favorite movies ever . 
guess who forgot to pick up her dance textbook along with her English book at the parent meeting tonight ? -_- Google Images it is ... 
Anna Jacumin and I seem to have a never-ending argument about whether or not Pokémon would be delicious if eaten . I say no and that it's cruel to eat them , she thinks they'd be tasty . Discuss . 
So my fortune says " Nothing happines unless first a dream . " Engrish , anyone ? 
deviantART changed all the icons to something about Lady Gaga . I mean , the icon of EVERY SINGLE USER ON DEVIANTART . Wow . XD 
Please put this as your status if you know or love someone who is gay . My wish is that people will understand that being gay is neither a disease nor a choice -- people who are gay are not looking for a cure , but for acceptance and equal rights . 93% won't copy and paste this . Will you make it your status for at least 1 hour ? 
bawwwwww , a happy ending for everyone . :3 
We'd better win this . I want a rematch against England . 
happy Thanksgiving ! I'm watching the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade :D 
Quick question -- has anyone heard of the Principality of Sealand ? 
you've just gotta ignite the light and let it shine . 
I'm going to cry after the show tonight . I just know it . 
working things out . 
so tired ... 
So just as Kuroshitsuji gets REALLY freaking interesting , ONEMANGA DOESN'T HAVE THE NEXT CHAPTER . Oh joy , another waiting game . 
How am I supposed to pretend I never want to see you again ? -Vampire Weekend = <3 - 
guess who's got a kitten named Maxwell ? 
THE MUSES DO :D 
is jamming out to 5 of the 8 Hetalia character CDs ! RUSSIA'S SOUNDS FREAKING EPIC . Like , death-metal-orchestra with an innocent-sounding voice . And China's is still awesome ! And Germany's is kind of weird at first , but you get used to it and it's really good ! And England's has electric guitar ! And France's ... let's not go there ... 
So now I'm positively addicted to China's character song ( from Hetalia ) , and I don't even know what the translation is . It just sounds like pure awesome . 
is well overdue for a total mental breakdown ... let's see how long it'll take for it to hit . 
I like chocolate and buttered bread far too much for my health . 
and no one even knew it was really only you . 
now let's try to rip myself off of the computer and go type up my dance paper ... and write my English essay ... and study for my Spanish test ... and did I mention study my dance vocab ? -_-" 
She got down on hands and knees , one ear against the ground , holding her breath to hear something , but the dirt made not a sound tonight . 
If anyone pulls some stupid prank on me tomorrow , I swear , I'll rip their face off . 
thinks spring might be here to stay . 
Thank you , karma , for letting me have the best day I've had in a looooong time . 
Day of Silence tomorrow , haircut in a bit :D 
So the winners of the Hetalia fancard competition have been announced . Too bad I forgot to submit one . 
Spring break is over already ? Jeez . That was too fast . 
one light , one mind , flashing in the dark , blinded by the silence of a thousand broken hearts . 
Leave me out with the waste , this is not what I do ... 
I REALLY want to go on the Intimidator right now . Or some sort of roller coaster . I need a thrill . 
hates having to use fan art for references ... >.< 
the people in the condo above us are running around and dropping things ... I feel like the roof's about to cave in on my head . . _0 
This used to be a funhouse , but now it's full of evil clowns ... 
Jessica Renee King , I blame you for getting this song stuck in my head . D:< 
Oh my god , I think my feet might fall off . TT^TT 
I swear , I'm becoming nocturnal . 
SO MUCH TO DOOOOO !!!!! someone save me TT^TT 
And if you come around again , then I will take the chain from off the door ... 
Accidents are bad . Printing to the right printer is good . 
is now the proud owner of a Silly Bandz giraffe named Antonio , thanks to Jessica Renee King :D 
If the yellow light is blinking , what does it mean ? 
A . Slow down . 
B . It's too timid to stay on . 
C . Time for a steroid test ! 
D . It's definitely broken . 
Fun with Anna Jacumin and Mcky Sorgen in Driver's Ed ! 
They turned Twilight into a graphic novel . I believe this is the point where society facepalms and wonder what went wrong with today's youth . 
trolling on Omegle is both entertaining and a fun way to procrastinate . 
I've got a feeling , if I sang this loud enough , you would sing it back to me ... 
eh . 
It's official : I survived my first year of high school . Only 3 left ... 
Is it pathetic that the few seconds in Where the Wild Things Are where Max rips up the little paper heart he gave to Claire , then gently puts it back together , are really heartwrenching and tender ? I just started crying in the middle of dinner because of that . 
At Jess King's house , her bunny is made of cuteness :D 
Leet speak ? WTF ?!?! This is interesting . 
needs to draw . needs to write . needs to edit . needs to charge the camera and get pictures onto my computer . needs to do a project . needs to finish a way-belated birthday present . needs to do all these things , yet wants to do nothing . 
I swear , if those stupid people don't stop shining that effing green laser into my bedroom window I will personally march across the empty lot and skin the lot of them . 
Getting started on Gaither's flag project , even though I have ten thousand other things to do . 
Next time you point a finger , I might have to bend it back or break it , break it off ... 
doing some SERIOUS room-cleaning . If no one hears from me after this , then it's quite likely that I was either eaten by some mutant creature living under my bed , or I died of exhaustion and dust inhalation . 
I've spent all day downstairs playing videogames in my PJs . this is the one good thing about winter break . 
so I really hate the fact that OneManga is being taken down and I can't read D . Gray-Man any more . RIGHT after they got to the most epic cliffhanger ever . 
falling in love with Ingrid Michaelson all over again . 
Why does no one in my family tell me anything anymore ? 
this bus driver is EVIL . I don't know how I'll stand a whole school year with her ... 
definitely NOT looking forward to the Poetry Slam today ... TT^TT 
watching the A&E adaption of " Pride & Prejudice . " this movie has grown on me over the past 6 years . 
I finally succeeded in blowing all the seeds off of a dandelion in one go . Too bad I didn't wish for anything beforehand . 
is getting re-obsessed with Rise Against , Vampire Weekend , and a few other bands I ditched upon discovering the Hetalia character songs . 
DUDE , POKÉMON MINI-FLOATS . :D 
that eye doctor was ... interesting . I got a trial pair of contacts ... that I won't use a lot ... and my glasses still aren't fixed ... but hopefully , I'll be getting new ones relatively soon . 
I really hate the fact that most of the people who use the word " legit " don't understand that it's short for " legitimate . " 
I do believe that my hair is about ten pounds lighter . :D 
I BELIEVE IN THE GREAT PUMPKIN . 
" I don't want my life to be like Spiderman 3 ! I hate that movie ! " 
Anna Jacumin Kayla Dance Homar Ramirez NEW YGOTAS EPISODE :D :D :D :D :D 
Okay , the Internet's all good now :D 
Aaaaand of course the oil is spilling again . Funfunfun . 
Oh my god . This is awful ... I can't believe something like this would happen ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ 
so I'm looking for a couple of Beatles songs on iTunes , and there's about a thousand versions of both songs . None of the ones I've seen are actually by The Beatles themselves . Oh , the irony ... 
not very enthused about Mr. Drye leaving ... 
I'm just trying to do my best ; I'm not afraid of life , I'm afraid of death ... ( VOXTROT IS AMAZING . Just saying . ) 
let's play a LoveGame . 
feels really awkward after no one understood my last status ... my version of an April Fool's joke that no one seemed to get . 
I actually own a pair of sunglasses now . This is , like , my fourth pair ever . XD 
I'm actually looking forward to the Diversity Concert tomorrow . Just not the whole being-there-at-11-to-perform-at- 3:30 thing . 
Yesterday , my best friend slept over with me . The next morning she showed me a video of me mumbling ' The cake is a lie . The lie is a pie . The pie is a spy . The spy is Bill Nye . ' I'm not sure if I even want to know what I was dreaming about . MLIA 
Chocolate truffles are proof that God loves us . 
not happy . 
... 
just got out of the best shower of my life . Only one more show ... what a depressing thought . 
is now the proud owner of a cactus named Stanley . FEAR ME . 
I have about 5 bruises scattered across my knees , one on my right ankle , one on the back of my head , and then one on my back . I have no idea where they came from . This worries me slightly . 
watching Pokemon : Mewtwo Strikes Back with Jessica Willemin :D 
show me how to lie , you're getting better all the time , and turning all against the one is an art that's hard to teach . 
I hate this . 
Went shopping with the padre . It took us 30 seconds to find a solid shirt , a minute to find some black and tan hotshorts , and all of of 2 hours to find a sundress that works with what Mr. Drye wants . At least I've got all my costume stuff . 
I got a double callback for Hairspray -- one for singing , one for dance . How did that happen ?! 
Is it normal for my cactus to grow 3 inches in a week ? 
So " Repo ! The Genetic Opera " is officially one of my new favorite movies . I'm sure Kayla Dance and Homar Ramirez are happy about that . XD 
Any time you feel the pain , hey Jude , refrain , don't carry the world upon your shoulder <3 in a Beatles mood . 
duuuude . I asked ChaCha why a raven's like a writing desk & I got a 4 message answer . jeez . 
going to go see " Carousel " tonight , I'm sure it's going to be fantastic ! :D 
My cactus is growing . This excites me far more than it should , probably because this means I've owned a plant for more than 2 days without killing it . 
today wasn't so bad . 
so none of my clothes fit me right anymore . greeeeeeaaaaaat . now I feel fat in everything . 
I really want to see " American Idiot " now that I'm researching it ... 
New episodes of Hetalia make me happy . :D 
I'm going to try and get decent-quality sleep for the first time this week . Goodnight Facebook . 
Home early :D 
So when I sit downstairs and watch my sister play GameCube , I get my homework done faster than if I sit in my room with fewer distractions . Does this strike anyone else as odd ? 
Casino Royale . :D 
done with driver's ed :D 
" There are dinner jackets and dinner jackets . This is the latter . " 
The science project is going pretty well , so I'm thinking I might NOT have to stay up until 5 in the morning to finish it . Maybe just 4 . 
learned that Oreo McFlurries are really quite disgusting . 
pretty sure I did my dance warm-up entirely wrong , but whatever . 
Fifteen minutes ago it was sunny . What the heck . 
Braeburn apples = <3 . :3 
WHY ARE THERE SO MANY LADYBUGS IN MY ROOM ?! 
Fanfreakingtastic . Why are all of my teams losing ? 
Put this as your status if you know or are related to someone who was killed at Hogwarts when it was under siege by the Death Eaters during The Second Wizarding War . Over 50 citizens died in the terrorist attack against Hogwarts . 93% of people won't repost this , but will you be part of that magical 7% that will ? Repost to show your support of Dumbledore's Army ! 
home from the Diversity Concert , saw Jessica Willemin there :D 
the Dalai Lama has a twitter account ? 
I AM SICK AND FREAKING TIRED OF ALL THESE THUNDERSTORMS !!!!!!! 
listening to " Float On " for the first time since the last concert . I don't despise it quite as much as I used to , but it's really weird without all my ( crappy ) music cuts and edits and such . 
Being left to my own devices = staring at my computer as if it'll magically create something interesting for me to look at . I'm lazy today . 
and it took me too long ' til I found out faces you know the best ; oh well , I guess . 
And in the free fall , I will realize that I'm better off when I hit the bottom . 
" What's in a name , anyway ? That which we call a nose by any other name would still smell ... " 
So I'm about 99% certain that my cactus is dead or dying . Fanfreakingtastic . 
Dentist . Ick . 
So my house is no longer in the middle of nowhere--we're on Google Maps satellite view now ! XD 
D8 
So the JAARS pool party was awesome . Anna says , " WHO WAS RED SHORTS DUDE ?!?!?! " Chris DeGraaf : who was the guy with all the freckles & the red trunks ? He's on Anna's list , and you are too . 
hi . 
heads-up to anyone who has Mrs. Tatarek this semester : she has a family emergency & she's going to be out for the next 2+ days . joy . 
I would just like to say , PEOPLE NEED TO QUIT QUOTING " AIRPLANES " BY B.O.B. IT'S GETTING SERIOUSLY OLD . Thank you . 
Earth Science was rather hilarious over in the corner with Homar Ramirez and Anna Jacumin . Let's hope Ms. Kopchick is out for the next two days , too . 
I seriously need to get this under control . 
Imogen Heap is my new musical love . 
I'm infected by your genetics ... <3 Repo ! :D 
So according to Anna Jacumin , my new name is officially " Emijley ( EM-i-juh-lee ) . " Okay then . 
sooooo I forgot part of my English project at school . it's due tomorrow . 
well , isn't this just fantastic . 
no nighttime allergy meds + heavy rain = sleepless night . Oh , tomorrow will be lovely . 
all the best lies are told with fingers tied , so cross ' em tight . 
Que votre vie soit un rêve , l'intégrité , l'honnêteté , il est trop tard pour moi , ne regardez pas en arrière jusqu'à ce que vous êtes libres de chasser le matin ... 
Hangin ' out down the street ... 
( finish the lyrics , people . ) 
listening to The Fratellis . their music = love . 
I feel like I've left so much undone and half-finished . 
just rediscovered the first-grade joy of apples and peanut butter . :D 
so the new Hetalia episode brightened my day up a considerable amount . :D 
I've been playing " Viva la Vida " on repeat for the past hour . This cannot be healthy . 
and everybody knows you well ' cept for me , can't you tell ? 
well , today was fun . :3 
One more exam , then I'm done for freshman year . It's all gone by so fast . 
hey Jessica Willemin , what lunch do you have ? XD 
so it's finally hit me that Mr. Drye's pretty much gone . 
does NOT approve of FUNimation's Hetalia subs . I'm sorry , but they suck . 
you go , Glen Coco . 
I am lost without you here ; I am only living out a lie ... 
All of these über-long fanpage names are stretching out my Facebook home page . It's getting really , REALLY annoying . 
is too exhausted to think of anything else to say but , " I'm exhausted . " 
3 days in and I already hate summer . 
once , I wanted to be the greatest ... 
OH MY GOD FUNIMATION IS DUBBING HETALIA . I don't know whether or not this is good , but if Vic Micwhatever dubs America I WILL KILL SOMEONE . 
I am officially the stupidest person on the face of the planet . You cannot fathom the depths of my lack of intelligence . 
I would just like to extend my deepest thanks and eternal gratitude towards the utter genius who invented makeup remover . 
is most definitely not doing homework right now , and most definitely needs to be . 
Sorry , Mom , but if my first time behind the wheel was at 10 at night I don't think I'd be doing too spectacularly . ( She tried to get me to drive , I didn't want to , and we spent 5 minutes arguing/laughing about it ... disaster safely averted . ) 
ASDFGHJKL ; I JUST FOUND RHPS ON NETFLIX . MY DAY HAS SUCCESSFULLY BEEN MADE . :D 
WHAT IS THIS MADNESS I HAVE NO IDEA WHY IS EVERYTHING CHANGING AAAAHHHHH !!!!!!!! First Facebook , then Google , then Wikipedia , now deviantART ! I DON'T LIKE THIS !!!!!!! 
Noms , then searching through the attic for fabric , then doing science homework . Funfunfun . 
Look for the bare necessities , the simple bare necessities , forget about your worries and your strife ... ( I really want to watch this movie now ! DX ) 
has the feeling that there's something that's been forgotten . Probably homework . 
I think the person/people who made the Powerthirst video were high at the time . There's no other way that could have come into existence . 
WHY HAS FUNIMATION RATED HETALIA AS TV-MA ?!?!?! 
I just had the time of my life on Ustream with Kelly and Charlotte from Parlé Productions . Anna Jacumin , YOU MISSED SOOOOO MUCH . 
What am I doing ? 
I have a feeling this live-action Fairly Oddparents movie is going to ruin my childhood . 
QUIT TELLING ME TO USE THE FRIEND FINDER . 
Is anyone else having issues finding info about Sonni King for their lineage paper , or is it just me ? 
Someone needs to find a cure for allergies , because I can't take this any more . DIE , ALLERGIES , DIE . 
so tomato sandwiches are officially my favorite food . 
URGENT : I need a solid-color , floor-length ( or just long ) prom-type dress by tomorrow . Anyone my size have one I could use for the show ? 
I defeated the Akinator by thinking of a tomato . Wow . 
she is one of a kind , well , she's the last of the American girls . 
so my mosquito bites are REALLY killing me . Funfunfun . 
nomming on these heavenly oatmeal raisin cookies I made with Alisha Newton this morning , and I think they're going to be gone within the next 10 seconds . Oh well . 
actually got a couple of awards tonight :) I didn't think I would ! 
Home , back to listening to Ingrid Michaelson nonstop . :P 
Ingrid Michaelson is my new musical love . 
this time change isn't going to cooperate with my sleep schedule . 
just read a summary of the Hetalia movie . Does anyone know how to raise enough money to buy a plane ticket to Japan and a few movie tickets within , say , 3 days ? 
DUDE . CHUCK NORRIS IS OLD . SERIOUSLY . I mean , I knew he wasn't exactly young , but I mean , he looks REALLY OLD in this commercial . 
this hurricane's chasing us all underground . 
can't stop listening to France's Eurovision 2010 song , and WHY MUST I READ " 3 CUPS OF TEA " ???? And why does this year's World History summer reading sound so much cooler than what I had to read ? This is unfair . 
I want to cover my bedroom walls in whiteboards , mirrors , and clocks . 
The vuvuzela thing on the YouTube videos is HILARIOUS . 
I will never see Helena Bonham Carter's head the same way again . 
I woke up unable to breathe through my nose , then had a panic attack about it , then realized that no I was NOT dying , I was just congested . And this is why I hate spring and summer . 
Moving on to " Quantum of Solace , " and I LOVE THE THEME SONG . Jack White's voice is beautiful . 
she got down on hands and knees , one ear against the ground , holding her breath to hear something , anything at all ... getting back into Rise Against while I wait for Katie's friends to leave so I can eat something . 
so I found the glue to repair my glasses , but I can't get it open ... fanfreakingtastic . 
Blackbird singing in the dead of night , take these broken wings and learn to fly ; all your life , you were only waiting for this moment to arise ... 
Well , Facebook , there's quite a bit on my mind right now and it won't all fit into this little box . Thanks for asking , though . 
you're waiting for a train that will take you far away . you know where you hope this train will take you , but you can't be sure ... yet it doesn't matter . now , tell me why ? 
Oh my god , if I don't get a shower soon I will die . 
Got in the car and turned on the radio JUST as " Audience of One " came on . My day was successfully made . :) 
Some things you don't forgive , some things you don't forget , sometimes the fate you suffer is so much worse than death . 
the way she said " goodbye " and walked into the night made me wonder why she lived and what she came to find . 
I need a haircut . Badly . 
Ponyo is the CUTEST MOVIE EVER . :D :D :D 
it's just one of those days . 
I want to go on a spontaneous cross-country road trip someday . 
is now incredibly happy . :D 
this sucks . 
Headed for Alisha's in a bit ! :D 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes , everyone ! :D 
this screwed-up sleeping schedule of mine is going to become very painful once school starts . 
just found out Richard O'Brien plays Phineas & Ferb's dad . Can we get a close up , Riff ? 
Lesson of the day : Always check to make sure that the headphones you're using for an art project do NOT work better than the ones you're using now , BEFORE you hot-glue them to the cardboard . >.< Will Mrs. Pentecost give me extra points for my sculpture doubling as a speaker ? 
I feel like I have a thousand things to do today . 
the one horrible thing about this hacked Internet connection is that it screws up my AIM . DX 
after about 3 days of autumn , we're already in winter . global warming , I see what you did there . B ( 
planning my entry for the Hetalia postcard contest . I probably won't win , but whatever ! 
is anyone else insanely annoyed by the new chat noise ? 
To everyone who just got an invitation from me to look at that most awkward moment for a teen thing : It sent them out automatically . Sorry about that . 
You never realize just how easily scared you get at 12:30 until you have a mini centipede somehow get onto your head then fall onto your arm , without you knowing , and then you look to scratch and there's this black wriggly thing on your elbow and you have no idea where it came from . 
playing Mario with the sister ! 
I just found out that I have Ms. Pac-Man , Tetris , and The Oregon Trail on my phone . THIS IS FREAKING AWESOME . 
SPAAAAAAIIIIINNN !!!!!!! 
I seriously cannot stop listening to this song . 
Keith Olberman is both interesting and hilarious . 
plus when the full moon starts to rise , we'll all sing out , " it's Christmastime ! " 
guess what movie I'm watching ? :3 
that was the best shower of my life . 
Open your eyes like I opened mine ; it's only the real world . 
Happy Canada Day , everyone ! :) 
Forget ANTM , I'm watching soccer . Estados Unidos FTW !!!!!! 
For some unknown reason , my computer refuses to connect to the Internet . Oh joy . 
is seriously getting sick of all these unwanted news feed posts . I've probably hidden a quarter of my friends from my feed already . 
seriously tempted to become a Pastafarian . XD 
the fact that our digital copy of Harry Potter & the Half-Blood Prince ( that we didn't know about until 10 seconds ago ) expired really irks me . B ( 
and now week 2 of my beach adventure begins . 
screw this body paragraph , I'm going to bed . 
Drunk goggles are fun , and Subway is delicious , and I'm at Jessica Willemin's house for the next two nights and three days :D 
Happy birthday , France ! :) 
Jessica Willemin : So apparently there's a small scene in the Hetalia movie where Russia does a little bit of ballet . I MUST SEE THIS . 
Dear Weather , I have a very important test tomorrow , and I need sleep beforehand . This thunderstorm is NOT helpful to my cause . SO SHUT UP AND STOP STORMING ALREADY . Thanks . 
" No , Zelda likes Link . Sheik is gay for Ike ! " 
" Oh no ! Scissors is evolving ! " 
" I'VE FALLEN AND I CAN'T GET UP !!!!!!! " 
Fun times with Jessica Willemin XD 
Insert several colorful words of your choice into the statement " COME ON USA , WHY DIDN'T YOU WIN , YOU COULD'VE SCORED JUST THEN !!!!!!!! " and you'll have my thoughts right now . 
school shopping ? D: 
I AM ECSTATIC . :D :D :D 
intermission . I've been acting as a backstage attendant since " Power . " 
watched quite a bit of the Lady Gaga Takeover on Fuse ... but I doubt my parents really enjoyed it XD turned it off when it got to " Alejandro . " That video is WEIRD . 
This is just not fair . TOTALLY not fair . Completely and utterly UNFAIR . 
feels utterly horrible . 
baby loves to dance in the dark ' cause when he's looking , she falls apart . 
oh , don't worry . you're a high-end stripper . for governors and athletes . 
now I know how to get off these dirt roads to find these streets of gold . 
Sometimes , I regret following the cast of " House " on Twitter . 
happy Independence Day , everyone ! :) 
I'm copying Chris , because I'm bored too . 
I WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS ... You can ask me 1 question ( only in my INBOX ) Any me 1 question ( only in my INBOX ) Any question , no matter how crazy it is . You have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get . 
wound up not getting any sleep at all last night . Karma hates me . 
The world suddenly feels a lot smaller and lonelier . 
Tonight's lession : When Mom says " put your foot on the brake , " she means " PUSH DOWN ON THE BRAKE OR ELSE YOU'LL RUN INTO THAT STREET SIGN . " ( Yes , she forced me behind the wheel . Most nerve-wracking experience of my life . ) 
can't read my , can't read my , no , he can't read my poker face . 
trying to clean my room , sort thru my clothes , and read " Three Cups of Tea " all at once . This cannot end well . 
If a size 2 is a plus-sized model , then I'd hate to think of what kind of model I'd be . America's Next Top Model is NOT good for my mentality . 
Driver'd ed today . This is going to be interesting ... 
Next time you point a finger , I'll point you to the mirror . 
so we STILL havent even left the bus lot yet ... 
meh ... 
Anna Jacumin , you are so lucky I love you . B ( 
So do we advance in the World Cup or what ? 
home from driver's ed , watching House and working on my PowerPoint . Thank goodness the teacher said we could have slides of just pictures . XD 
I'm SO going to go see Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows pt . 1 in IMAX 3D when it comes out . 
they said , " help is on the way , " but it never came . 
on Southport Supply Road ... not sure if I'll get internet there , so updates will be sporadic and weird . :P 
is currently addicted to France's Eurovision 2010 song . 
is quite happy right now , so please , karma , if you're listening , don't ruin it ! 
So guess whose glasses just spontaneously fell apart ? 
I'm mad , really bad , but don't tell my mom and dad . 
watching Jeff Dunham Spark of Insanity and eating ice cream . Life is good . 
the Temple of Time is definitely the easiest dungeon ever . 
I'm your biggest fan , I'll follow you until you love me . 

not . 
ugh . 
I have Trigger laying against my right side and Max laying against my left . I feel so loved . 
has a fantastic idea for the deviantART " Above the Influence " contest . Hopefully , the parents will let me enter so I can get a free t-shirt ! 
Jess and I defy the rules : we're going outside today . We're such rebels . XD 
hates her schedule . 
just got " Sinnerman Remix " flashbacks after hearing the song on a phone commercial . Good times ... except for my leotard ... 
Taking a surprise trip to Caswell with the padre for the week , then going to a different house with my grandmother for the week after . Halfway there now ! :D 
CORRECTION : happy Canada Day AND happy Hong Kong independence day ! ( I don't really know what to call it ... so independence day works . ) 
I turn my back on beauty , it's a man-made crime . 
chilling . lots to do before school starts . D8 
Now all I have to do is figure out how to upload these videos of fireworks onto Facebook ... 
colorsplashing some of these dance pictures . Our " Homebird " costumes look almost yellow-ish onstage ... I can't tell what's costume and what's skin XD 
now trying to decide which Parlé shirt to ask for for my birthday ... decisions , decisions ... I want all of them ! DX 
More work today , but freshman orientation with Jess and Charles tonight ! ( Charles , if you forget 1776 I will be VERY disappoint . ) 
Asia Ciel Owens , I WILL NOT ACCEPT YOUR GEORGES , NOR AM I YOUR NEPHEW . SO SUCK IT . 
I kept telling my brain to turn off at 10 , but it's just now getting the message . oh well . 
Season 4 of Hetalia starts on my birthday , and Denmark and Norway will be in it . BEST . BIRTHDAY . PRESENT . EVER . 
trying to get used to the APH English dub ... it's not working XD 
FINALLY at the house and unpacked ... ish . Jeez . XP 
the fact that I forgot my camera-to-computer cord at home is going to kill me . MUST . GET . PICTURES . ON . MY . LAPTOP . NOWWWWWW . D:< 
bought Ponyo at Target and I am now watching it . Don't bother me . :D 
day 2 of my 14-day adventure down here in Oak Island . still looking rainy , so no beach today . :P 
fffffff totally forgot I had dance homework until 3 seconds ago . CRAP . 
talked to near-strangers and received enlightenment . I'm not going into this blind . 
Did someone break your heart inside ? You're in ruins ... 
I really just want to go to school . is that too much to ask ? 
THIS FLY WILL NOT GET OUT OF MY ROOM AND I SWEAR IF IT COMES ANYWHERE NEAR ME OR MY COMPUTER AGAIN I WILL GRAB THE NEAREST HEAVY OBJECT AND BEAT IT TO DEATH . B| 
I'm actually up before noon . This is a first . 
lineage paper . ohsofun . 
once upon a time , we were perfect . 
celebrating the new year with CFNC quizzes and gluten-free cookies . what . 
" The Japanese place is better than the Chinese place , and they're probably owned by the same Korean people ! " -funny times with the madre ! 
My tummy is peeling where I got burnt last week ... ew . -Ï- and I made use of my MAD NINJA FLEXIBILITY SKILLZ today XD 
I'M ON A BOAT . \n ... no , seriously . 
so whatcha say we give it up & walk away ? nothing to salvage anyway . 
Maxie went to the vet today ... he is not a happy kitty . 
I see no vitals on your EKG , dead on the dance floor ... I'm addicted to this song now . 
test-writing is always fun . ¬.¬ 
all this snow has lost its novelty . 
coming home today . I don't know whether to be sad my 2 week vacation is over , or happy that I finally get to sleep in my own bed ... 
Homar Rmirez ARE YOU ALIVE ?!?!?!?!?!?! 
so apparently , from now on , we'll be making school up on Saturdays . 
http://cristgaming.com/pirate.swf 
EPIC WIN . 
this is incredibly frustrating . 
lots to do . 
DUDE . I just updated iTunes because my computer told me to ... 
IT'S FREAKING FANCY . 
didn't make it to the second round of " Hairspray " callbacks , but I have a job at The 13th Acre , so it's all good . XD 
it's alright , it's alright , it's alright . 
so let me know , ' cause I can stay or , honey , I can go . 
quit blaming me for the side effects of your desires . 
my new hero = the Old Spice guy . 8D 
tell me when you hear my heart stop . 
I don't think Mrs. Morgan knows that asking me to describe a movie in paragraph form will take me about 10 pages due to my irrational need to include every little detail down to the color of their lipstick . 
I keep getting really epic people at ChaCha to answer my questions . This makes my day . 
that boat ride was AMAAAZING 8D 
had to go in early because of some first-class a-holes smoking cigarettes on the beach . the smoke was blowing RIGHT IN MY FACE . um , no thanks . B| 
addicted to 30 Seconds to Mars's album " This Is War . " I can't decide whether I like " This Is War " or " Hurricane " more , though ... 
homework , Chip , and then whatever . I'm being a good little girl tonight and not leaving my homework for midnight or later . XD 
so effing pissed off right now I can't even think . oh my god , this cannot be happening to me . I can't believe this . I thought he was better than that . apparently he's not . 
Robert Downey , Jr. sounds so much better with an English accent . just saying . 
being most un-Emily-like and going to the football game tonight . still have to write that essay for Tatarek too ... I haven't even started ! 
if people abbreviate " and " to " n " and " you " to " u , " why do they turn " JK " into " jayykayy " ? 
honest to God , I will break your heart , tear you to pieces and rip you apart . 
the truth hurts worse than anything I could bring myself to do to you . 
why does my mother insist on ruining my entire week ? 
happy 13-year-and-one-day anniversary of the infamous Porygon " Pokémon " episode ! 
has too much homework . 
hoooooome ! 
I love the smells of makeup and hairspray . 
the vet said these painkillers would make Max lethargic ... if anything , he's more hyper than usual . ¬.¬ 
indulging in my fascination with WWII , thanks to Mrs. Tatarek and the book she let me borrow . :D 
this is going to be a bad week . 
SOMEONE NEEDS TO BRING VUVUZELAS TO CATA'S HOMECOMING GAME TONIGHT . 
I'M JUST SAYING . 
( sorry for stealing your idea , France ! D: ) 
let's get down to business to defeat this three-page paper . 
International Talk Like A Pirate Day . 
DO IT . 
so I'm only halfway done with my paper , but I'm already starting page 3 ... I have a feeling that this is going to be about 10 pages long . -_- 
FFFFFFFFFF this is just perfect . 
does anyone watch " America's Got Talent " ? I need to know what channel it's on so I can watch a performance from the musical I'm writing my paper on ... 
great . now I've got The Midnight Beast's " Booty Call " stuck in my head . -_- 
why is it so cold in my house ?! D: 
taking a break from cleaning ... Prussia's English dub voice makes me want to cry . 
finished my dance paper and powerpoint ! and the paper is only 3.5 pages , not the ten million I was expecting ! yay ! :D 
my New Year's resolution : 
well , she's Colombia's finest , oh , she's better than good . 
Homar Rmirez is baaaaack , and with fancy new glasses ! 8D 
Baby loves to dance in the dark , ' cause when he's looking she falls apart ... 
I can see my closet floor for the first time since we moved in . Oh snap ! 
got the BEST BIRTHDAY CARD EVER in the mail today ! 8D 
does the font of the news feed seem smaller to anyone else ? 
you know you need to go to bed soon when you create a parody of the " California Girls " chorus about California rolls ... 
really wants to do this Boot Camp thingy for my laptop and get Windows on it . seems like a handy thing to have . 
eye doctor tomorrow ... hopefully I'll at least get these glasses fixed . 
my characters shoes came in ! :D 
tell me when you hear my heart stop , you're the only one that knows ; tell me when you hear my silence , there's a possibility I wouldn't know . 
scream at me until my ears bleed ; I'm taking heed just for you . 
totally isn't procrastinating my homework , nope , no sir . 
Why does it feel like I was at school just yesterday ? 
well , that was ... interesting . 
too much homework to go to youth group ... ugh . DX 
never thought I'd say this , but I kind of miss having long hair . 
last day of summer ?! 
bedtime . plus it's no longer my birthday , so what's the point in staying up any more ? 
procrastination . 
I feel like going somewhere . 
Our bus isnt even ON the lot yet . This is irksome . 
Homar Rmirez Anna Jacumin Sophie Umbras Andrea Rose Ann Veenstra GUYSGUYSGUYS THEY'RE MAKING ANOTHER " SOUL EATER " MANGA . ASDFGHJKL ; . it's called " Soul Eater Not ! " and I DON'T KNOW HOW I FEEL ABOUT THIS . :| 
last day of driver's ed , finally ! 
so there's about a 0.001% chance of me going to youth group tonight ... TOO MUCH FREAKING HOMEWORK . 
WHY IS MY COMPUTER NOT CONNECTING TO THE FREAKING INTERNET . 
cherry cherry boom boom . 
I really don't want to hang around school for another 2+ hours . 
you just can't take the effect and make it the cause . 
" Hairspray " auditions were crazy . 
so I feel like everyone got callbacks except for me . 
you don't deserve a point of view if the only thing you see is you . 
Zelda physics : the back is the weakest point on the body . 
oh my god , this woman is invisible . I have NOTHING about her . 
can't stop listening to Green Day now , thanks to the party last night ... ¬.¬ 
so all I have left to do on the homework front is finish 1776 and answer a few more study questions ... meh . 
she's a natural disaster , she's the last of the American girls . 
this is way too confusing for my tastes . 
I bought one song on iTunes and my account credit went from $11.99 to $10.93 . That is NOT a $0.99 difference . B| 
I am certain I was not that rude or ignorant in eighth grade . absolutely positive . 
and you'll sleep ' til May , and you'll say that you don't wanna see the sun anymore . 
I remember the face but I can't recall the name ; now I wonder how Whatsername has been . 
this whole " throat-won't-stop-hurting " thing is getting really old , really quickly . 
and all the best lies are told with fingers tied , so cross ' em tight . 
I can see it from the other side ; the grass is in no way as green . 
I just totally skipped the Forsaken Fortress . I'm just that good . 
I didn't kill anyone today ! 8D 
let's see how angry my parents will be about the fact that I wasn't nominated for Governor's School . 
I think I gained about 25 pounds from that Five Guys food ... but it was soooo delicious . 
I hate footnotes . 
rehearsals tomorrow until 5:30 and then FITP + Hairspray callbacks aaaallllll day Saturday ... ¬.¬ 
just watched " Chicago . " ' tis quite a good movie . :3 
this heart will start a riot in me . 
rawr . :3 
Tony Stark is incredibly , extraordinarily narcissistic . 
dance with the devil , don't be shy ; nothing's gonna stop us , we can't die . 
I think I know what I want to do for my duet . 
happy Hetalia day ! :D 
I greatly dislike thunderstorms , especially because my bed is about 3 feet away from my window . 
now I really wanna get a BFT cosplay group together ... but GENDERBENT . :D 
" Zoinks ! " 
" Jeepers ! " 
" Jenkins ! " 
" ... I don't have a catchphrase ! " 
Jessica Renee King , POLAND FREAKING EXISTS . B| 
why do I feel like I'm about to cry ? 
Sophie ?? Umbras , Andrea Mousetrap Veenstra , Justin Minsk , & I ARE GONNA BUY SEALAND . :D 
my Hetalia DVDs arrived :3 except now I'm missing the Axis bandanna ... off to eBay ! XD 
just went on an unliking spree . 958 to 563 pages in 20 minutes . heck yeah . 
after taking into account the fact that it took me 15 minutes to locate my phone , all I can say is : I am certainly not a Hufflepuff . 
like my status & I'll do nothing about it . :3 
Please put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who suffers from stupidity . Stupidity is real and should be taken seriously . You could be sitting next to a sufferer right now . There is still no known cure for stupidity and sympathy does not help . We can raise awareness . 97% of people won’t copy and paste this , because they don’t know how to copy and paste . 
the hardest part is letting go of your dreams . 
om nom nom . :3 
I've been listening to Lady Gaga a lot recently . feel free to psychoanalyze me . 
( is that even a verb ? ) 
whatever you do , don't be afraid of the dark . 
English writing " benchmark , " then the Civics benchmark right after that , then dance , then a Spanish test . all in one day . and that day happens to be tomorrow . oh crap . 
my plan for the downtime during the show : choreograph my duet . it's a flawless plan . 
ALADDIN . 
ABC FAMILY . 
NOW . 
Avatar on HBO . :3 
everyone who likes " Soul Eater " ( i.e. Andrea Rose Ann Veenstra & Sophie Umbras ): the first episode is currently free on iTunes for a very limited time . turns out FUNi ISN'T totally evil . :D 
that concert was SO much better than Thursday's . 
think I've found a message in a bottle ; it says , " drink me , drown your sorrows . " 
long since dried , when we are found , are the tears in which we had drowned . 
anybody wanna ask me something in my inbox ? I shall answer it as a status . ( yes , for once , I'm doing one of these stupid things ... I have the feeling that I'll regret it . ) 
the past & present don't matter now that the future's sorted out . 
Harry Potter movie marathon . life is great . 
since Lem Styles changed her name back , I figured I would too . :P 
" Hold You In My Arms " just came on my Pandora station . oh , nostalgia ... 
show tonight . I just hope that I won't fall offstage ... 
I'm really horrible at getting homework done quickly . 
there's an hour and 40 minutes before this movie starts . thank goodness these seats are comfy enough for a nap . 
finally figured out how to get files onto my phone ! :D 
oh well . 
rehearsals this week . joy . ¬¬ 
happy Hallow's Eve ! 
these are the lives you'd love to lead . 
my sister just turned on " Super Mario Galaxy 2 " and Mario's voice sounds JUST LIKE TODD HABERKORN AS ITALY . this is wrong on so many levels . 
we're plastic , but we still have fun . 
Molly Weasley makes Chuck Norris eat his vegetables . 
so Ralph Fiennes has played Voldemort , Hades , and a Nazi . typecasting much ? 
we have our Christmas tree . when it will be set up , I don't know . :P 
I do not approve of this new Facebook . and the show last night was pretty great ; if you want to attend tonight , it's 7 P.M. in the CATA theater . tickets are $8 . hope to see you there ! 
don't look up , just let them think there's no place else you'd rather be . 
and the last-chance girl in a first-dance world lays her head down on the wooden floor , won't be dancing any more . 
I want someone to play in the snow with ... 
these urban legends about Pokémon game hacks are gonna give me nightmares . 
all we are are pretty faces , picture-perfect bottled rage . 
" How to Train Your Dragon " JUST CHANGED MY LIFE , MAN . asdfghjkl ; cutestmovieever . 
I'm finding waaaaaaaay too much anime merchandise I need to buy . 
" I don't hate you , Canada ! Hate is a strong word ! I hate Turkey ! " Andrea Mousetrap Veenstra :3 
so Jess & I spent about half of that movie sobbing on each others ' shoulders . GO SEE IT NOW . 
Asia Ciel Owens : because I keep forgetting that we've moved to Skype , and because you're evil . Anna Jacumin : are you sure you're not talking about yourself ? 
I'm perpetually cold nowadays . 
Pandora internet radio + Indie Singer/Songwriter channel = a very happy ( but still ill-feeling ) Emily . :3 
if only , if only ... 
theatre critique , then 107 words left on that respect essay . gah . D: 
" lose some weight before you hug me , Ron . " 
but I'll only ever be a middle-distance runner . 
kinda wish that I'd gone out for MADE , but having cameras follow me everywhere and document my life would make me go absolutely off-the-wall crazy . 
not really excited for this HTTYD sequel . can't Disney just let an amazing movie be amazing without squeezing as much cash out of it as possible ? 
history doesn't repeat itself , but it sure does rhyme . 
and I can't seem to shake this awful feeling . 
according to TIME Magazine , " The Man Your Man Could Smell Like " is the best commercial of 2010 . good choice , TIME , good choice . 
am I really that fragile ? 
I left my head and my heart on the dance floor . 
why on Earth would you create a horrible , autotuned remix of the " Ponyo " theme song ?! it's an abomination ! 
my legend begins in the twelfth century ... 
and who knows why the love you need will always pass you by ? 
because I'll only ever be a middle-distance runner . 
I hate football . 
Ponyo , Ponyo , Ponyo , fishy in the sea , tiny little fishy , who could you really be ? :3 
well ... 
just spent an entire iTunes giftcard on HTTYD . it was well worth it , though . :D 
did anyone know that The White Stripes broke up 5 days ago ? 
tell me that this house is not a graveyard . 
there's nothing else I can say . 
asdfghjkl ; NO SCHOOL AGAIN . WHAT IS THIS . WHYYYYYYY . 
oh yes , they both reached for the gun , for the gun . 
so basically , if I want to be a dance/movement therapist , I have a choice of 6 schools , none of which are in NC . oh well . 
first show tonight . let's make it big ! 
om nom nom . 
If you're bored , then you can ask me a question or tell me something . http://www.formspring.me/museFTW 
How can I blame you when it's me I can't forgive ? 
Miles from where you are , I lay down on the cold ground and I , I pray that something picks me up and sets me down in your warm arms ... 
