wants to stay off work and play :( 
has nearly done , the paint looks lovely , just the gloss , a bit of touching up and some new curtains and ... vola ! 
has 9 days off woot ! 
is feeling very lazy today , and would like another week off 
thinks Johnny Depp is looking particularly sexy atm xD 
thinks its time for a cold shower 
thanks everyone for their msgs x 
" Warcraft the Film " + Sam Rami = Awesome + Bruce Campbell Cameo Woot !!! 
is feeling numb :( goodbye gran love u loads and hopes everyone is doing ok x x 
had a really good time xD 
is going to work in the rain :( 
is off to work 
has started decorating :) 
is glad to have had such a special lady in her life :) ul be dearly missed gran x 
wonders what the lunar eclipse will bring 
is off to work , and thinks its getting darker at 5.45 in the morning when her alarm goes off :( 
has just watched ' The Midnight Meat Train ' and thinks it is a very good , very underrated horror movie that didn't get the credit it deserved :( 
is watching ugly betty 
is proud to be an Otaku xD 
doesn't feel quite like herself today 
is hungry , tired and wants to play :) 
has just been listening to the song " Lydia " on youtube 
has lots of stuff to sort out 
thinks Asda home shopping service is a joke ... since when is 7.30 pm between 5-7 and the £15 quids worth of stuff missing is what I wanted for my tea tonight ... oh and when i phoned to complain there was no answer after 30 minutes ... when u phone , it rings and then u go on hold it is obvious they are just bein idiots ... well , tomorrow they shall have to speak to a very pissed off me :P 
likes these shifts alot more , 1 day off , 2days in , 2 days off 
The paranoia is in bloom , the PR The transmissions will resume They'll try to push drugs Keep us all dumbed down and hope that We will never see the truth around * Muse Rock * 
is tired :( night 
hopes karma has been paying attention !! 
thinks " Hannah , your right TWILIGHT IS AWESOME !!! But Bella is a moaner " :P 
OMG cant wait for Muse new album ... United States Of Eurasia ... FAB !!!! 
thanx everyone for the birthday msg's :) 
is freaked out by the amount of large spiders around .... eeuuggghhhh !!! Reading about them hasnt helped coz now i know they live for 2 years :( 
had a really nice day , and is getting excited for Christmas xD 
Dollhouse , tomorrow ITV 4 9pm woot !!! Love ya Joss ! 
" Everyones gay once in a while ... this is Hollywood " 
is trying to get her head round new sims ... very confused :( 
thinks its officially winter , the baggy jumpers and red docs are having their annual airing . God Im so sexy ! not !!! looks like I'm only good for playing wow and hibernating till spring ... and drinking and eating lots of winter goodies , oh and snuggling on the settee watching films , bring it on :D 
' In the beginning there was nothing ... then Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks that nothing in the face and said " Get a job " . That is the story of the universe . ' 
has her computer back , woot !!! OMG wow withdrawals :( 
" no it doesn't say that ... no matter how many times i look , if its not there then its not there !!!! " 
please can i have purple fences in farmville :) 
has been tidying the bedroom all day , thrown away about 4 bin bags of crap , and it still doesnt look any better ... might get some wine , that way i wont care :) 
has just had a really interesting tarot reading , and wow had forgotten how accurate they are :) 
killed Kenny 
thinks " Woot December !!!! "" xD 
is bleurg :( 
would like everyone to Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has AUTISM . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand autism is not a disease ; people with autism are not looking for a cure but for ACCEPTANCE .... 93% wont copy and paste this , will YOU make this your status for at least one hour 
My fine is £280.50 ... Thanx for the 50p reminder Angelika Hickey 
is reflecting that the cost of living hasn't affected it's popularity . 
thinks that Neil Hannon sounds just as good live as he does on CD :D Love Divine Comedy xD 
thinks its very amusing when people blame you for things they have done , and get all huffy about it , without realising its them they should be pissed off with :D 
dreams of a better world ... where chickens can cross the road without having their motives questioned : 0 ) 
Dont you find it Funny that after Monday(M ) and Tuesday(T ) , the rest of the week says WTF ? 
The world we knew won't come back , The time we've lost can't get back , The life we had won't be ours again 
War determines not who is right , but who is left . 
I wonder how much deeper the ocean would be without sponges . 
I love my mum ! If you aren't too proud to say thank you , to your mum for helping you be the great person you are today , please copy and paste this to your profile ! I expect to see this many times ! ;~} Some people no longer have their Mums here to appreciate ! We have a million things in our lives to thank them for . 
Got out of jury duty by prefacing every answer with " according to the prophecy 
says please don't follow in my footsteps coz I walk into walls 
While driving yesterday I saw a banana peel in the road and instinctively swerved to avoid it ... thanks Mario Kart . 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status and the FIRST entry for your name under comments . 
loves her family alot :) x x 
says press Ctrl +W and something magical will happen :) 
Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it . 
Light travels faster than sound . This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak . 
needs Dollhouse series 2 to be released NOW !!!! 
has no status 
? (•???•?) ? ? (-???- ? ) ? ? (????•?) ? ? (?????) ? ? (-???•?) ? 
thinks the internet has some very strange people hiding in its midst 
From the very fear that makes you want to die , is just the same as what keeps you alive It's way more trouble than some suicide is worth Won't it be dull when we rid ourselves of all these demons haunting us , to keep us company Won't it be odd to be happy like we always thought we're supposed to feel , but never seem to be 
noo :( 
woot ^^ 
Sometimes I just want to run up to a stranger on the street and say " YOU'RE IT !! " and then run away 
" You’ve been acting awful tough lately , Smoking a lot of cigarettes lately , But inside , you’re just a little baby , It’s okay to say you’ve got a weak spot , You don’t always have to be on top , Better to be hated than love , love , loved for what you’re not " 
light a man a fire and he’ll be warm for the night , light a man on fire and he’ll be warm for the rest of his life 
When the toothpaste is out of the tube , it’s hard to get it back in 
miss you gran x x happy mothers day all you mums :) especially mine :) love you x x 
3-1 :) yeah england !!!! 
thinks its great :( when you've been playing a game for three hours and haven't saved it and your pc goes insane 
Those who criticise our generation seem to forget who raised it !!! 
is watching She-Ra xD 
is snuggled on the sofa watching Lost , really glad I didnt have to get home from work in the awful weather :/ 
has decided Dead Space should only be played during the day :/ 
stopped to think and forget to start again 
has finished Bioshock 2 , what a game :O OMG so sad tho !! Cried like a baby several times 
Whatever women do they must do twice as well as men to be thought half as good . Luckily , this is not difficult . 
If your mum is your hero - whether you are blessed to have your mum still with you or if she is an angel in heaven - if your mum is your hero , copy and paste this to your status and let everyone know you how much you love her and are proud of her ... 
' s computer has died :( and is having withdrawal 
Chuck Norris can set ants on fire with a magnifying glass . At night . 
is pissed that her ipod has crashed , when she has just put some music on the she really wants to listen to ... gotta wait for it to discharge now :( 
is on an early tomorrow :( at least it is light now at 6am ... but is dissapointed that she knows that 
has a lovely house and is so grateful to her family for all their hard work :) Thanx mum for giving up your week off work to help me :D 
just realised that Vanessa Hudgens has moved on from High School Musical to Sucker Punch lol :D 
would like to be able to breathe through her nose again 
is well chuffed ... no more David Tennant but Doctor Who still rocks \o/ woot !!! 
Buffy still rocks :D 
In the end , it's not going to matter how many breaths you took , but how many moments took your breath away 
- shing xiong 
Have you ever had a fly or small bug land on your computer screen and your first reaction is to try and scare it with the cursor ? 
:) 
is eating sugary pancakes and drinking budweiser mmmmm :) 
needs the words " Patience is not the same as doing nothing " stamping onto her head , so every time she looks in the mirror she will remember . 
5 gb left til cataclysm trial :) and time to see what that noob has done to my account :( 
cant believe that on such a beautiful day , there are so many rude and ignorant people around ... its ok push in front of me i dont mind ... yes and close the door on me too , I like it you know !! :) 
cant resist WOW for much longer :( 
had a good night last night :) and a lovely day today with her family at Bolton Abbey and is really happy to have such amazing people in her life 
Happy 30th Birthday Pacman lol 
is a " natural " blue again :D 
really fancies some cheesecake 
just watched the last episode of Heroes :( another awesome show killed off before its time 
thinks its typical that on her day off its cold and cloudy ... after being at work over the gorgeous weekend 
Chuck Norris has already been to Mars ; that's why there are no signs of life there . 
I am in my own little world but it's okay they know me here . 
really wants to go to festival and drink cider ... its so lovely outside :D 
OMG you can play pacman in the google doodle :O so geeky but so cool :D do it now !!! 
Aww :) thanx for the birthday msg's guys :) x x 
thinks that by half two tomorrow , she will have worked 30 out of 48 hours :( 
loved the David Tennant Casanova reference in Doctor Who , but thinks she is the only one that got it :) 
When you reject , ostracize , laugh at , torment or pick on anyone with special needs , just think how , with fate or genetics or bad luck , that it could have been you , a friend or family member being like this . How would you have felt then ? This week is for special needs education . Ninety three per cent of people won't copy and paste this . Will you be one of those who will and leave it on your wall for at least an hour ? 
had an awesome time ... Lacuna Coil rocked , got very drunk , ate loads and is now exhasted :D thanx babe x x x 
" If we dont know where we belong , It'll make no difference from where we started , look out kid because here it comes , you're not the lucky ones " 
beautiful day :D 
' s last day in work for 11 days , but has loads to do in that time :O :) 
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself , where the heck is the ceiling . 
Matt Bellamy is looking gooood !!!! 
Awesomely awesome :) 
happy towel day :) 
is unpacking , but as of today no internet for a month OMG :( but will be in her lovely new house :D 
hopes she can get to sleep in the heat , nite x x 
? The tank is DPS , the tank is DPS , 18 bucks a month is a bargain for this stress ? lol love Nhmn :D 
32- Awesome girl who I miss alot , you are so sweet and caring and really really funny , I really miss those uni days , to have such lovely ppl to spend my days with ... U are very cool and very unique , and kinda crazy but in a very good way . :) x x x 
Comet u cheeky cheeky ( insert several naughty words here ) see you in the small claims court ... Dont buy anything from Comet as they dont believe they have to follow the Sale of Goods Act ... all I want is a replacement Xbox you ( insert really bad word) !!! 
is happy :) 
has an iron shaped mark on her floor now , as she was very suprised when Liz got kicked off the apprentice instead of Baggs " the brand " :/ 
is wondering do you need a silencer to shoot a mime ? 
hopes its nice all week and all next week , but am i being greedy :) 
wow its hot !!!! 
Why is it that when you transport something by car , its called a shipment , but when you transport something by ship , its called cargo ? 
has shimigami eyes 
I like it on the bedroom floor 
should probably get dressed :/ 
If your parents never had children , chances are you won't either 
Do or do not , there is no try 
has the internet woot !!!! 
is off to work for the first time in two weeks and doesn't get a day off for ten days :( at least i cant use my xbox so im not missing anything lol :) 
has been in work for 30 hours out of 48 :( has 22 off before going in tomorrow and is goin to spend some money :) 
really missed moonkin form :D 
has had a fantastic couple of days :) 
Onna Otaku :) 
wants to throw the phone in the face of the completely useless Talktalk customer support guy she just spoke to :/ 
hopes everything goes ok for her gorgeous sis tomorrow :) x 
bus drivers !!! Raggghhhhhh :/ 
has put her bed together , but now CBA to make it :P 
has just watched next weeks How I Met Your Mother , and my god " Space Teens " is comedy genius :) 
is still freaked out that she stood on a giant spider last night , with no shoes on and has decided the best way to deal with it is to call it Harry , and make it a pet ... for some reason that makes it better 
had a great day yesterday , lovely weather , long walk round the hills in Whitworth , Battlestar Galactica , fajitas and crabbies then more Battlestar Galactica !! 
has failed miserably at de-bluing her hair , its now kinda green , with purple bits in :( in fact its a whole new colour ... which is also many different swear words 
cant believe she has found the most amazing box set EVER !!! but already has the films in it :( and is wondering if she can justify spending £60 just because she has to have it 
is being purpled , but only for a month , then its back to blue 
thinks boxercise is evil .... oowwww !! 
11- I always liked you , in school you were always funny and even though we were never that close you always stuck me as a really caring person :) 
is heading to WOW land :) 
?? tra la la ?? :D 
The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live . 
? Keep me safe inside , Your arms like towers , Tower over me ? 
really enjoyed seeing her baby sister last night , you and Bex are welcome anytime x x 
is really lucky to have such an great family and such an amazing boyfriend ... but Black and White Russians dont mix :) 
Sod it ... WOW is calling :D 
now has to reinstall wow :( thats the next 11 hours of my life wasted 
rraggghhhh !!!! stupid computer :( 
has rewatched Dollhouse series 1 ... Joss you are my God !!!! Dollhouse series 2 or Firefly next ? 
has finished wtaching Battlestar Galactica now ... good ending , gutted it had to end ... anyway now onto Dexter :D 
came home from work to find a MASSIVE SPIDER on my front door , nearly decided to sleep outside , rather than creep past it , waited for it to crawl away and got inside .... yes capitals necessary as I am freaking traumatised !!!!! :O yyeeeeaaauuuggghhhhhh !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
two days off work , two days in , then birthday surprise :) whoop , excited :D 
wonders if its to early to eat mince pies :) 
has just heard the worst news !!! Buffy the movie ... minus Joss Whedon ... seriously WTF !!!!!!!! 
is going to see Lacuna Coil on Tuesday :D awesome , cant wait :) 
thinks Deftones totally rocked Manchester Apollo last night :D Awesome !!!! 
:p 
is eating cake and playing Vampire Masquerade Bloodlines :D 
is out with Donna Wood tonight :D good times then is gonna slob on Sunday and watch the five Star Trek films showing on film four ... its sad coz im excited about that too !!! :D 
" The numbers game " message me a number between 1 and 500 and I'll tell you in a status how I feel about you without anyone knowing its you . post this as your status and see what you get . 
is wondering if its ok to wear two jumpers and four pairs of socks .... its freezing :( 
had a great day making Star Wars lego with Dave Wroe today :) I love you so much x 
is looking forward to whatever the weekend brings :) 
Woohoo !! Its nearly Christmas :D :D :D lots of pressies under the tree , just gotta go and buy the last few tomorrow , and attempt to do a food shop then its all good !!!!!! 
1- Of course you had to choose that number :) I miss you alot . Your such a lovely person who has fantastic taste in shoes ... I remember the docs and the pink 7 inch heels . I know whatever you do , you will always have funny stories to tell and I miss your craziness . You are someone I have always thought the world of . Luv u x 
wonders if there is a law which explains why one sock always escapes the wash ! :) 
Info forwarded : Between today and tomorrow , the New FB Privacy setting called " Instant Personalization " goes into effect . The new setting shares your data with non-FB sites & it is automatically set to " Enabled " . Go to Account > Privacy Settings > Apps & Websites > Instant Personalization > edit settings & uncheck " Enable " . BTW If your friends don't do this , they will be sharing info about you as well . Copy and repost 
has been totally f*%cked by the little s*%t who stole my account , 3k gold ... Gone !! Epic gear ... Gone !!! Professions ... Gone !!! They even had the cheek to lvl my alli bank up to lvl 5 and my priest from 72 to 75 :O 
Putting a ticket in now to get my stuff back ... Gutted !!!!! 
really wants to play Cataclysm , but is not convinced it will run on her PC ... new year ... new computer , thats a good idea !!! :D 
was happy XFactor is over but is now extremely pee'd off ... Matt cannot release Many of Horror for Christmas :( after hearing him murder it on the radio I am not impressed at all :/ Traumatised !!!! 
Mon the bif 
18- I cant begin to say how great u are , to have someone in my life who is so lovely and genuine is an honour . I wish I could see you every day , but even if I don't see you for a while its like no time has passed when we do catch up . You are such a strong person , even if you don't always realise it .. Love you x x 
is happy , gas meter fixed ... took literally 2 minutes to do after a 3 day wait :/ had a gorgeous shower and is toastie warm :D 
2 days til annual leave :) 
Woot !!! Tron Legacy :D :D 
would like Father Christmas to come and fix her gas meter , after three days of waiting for British Gas to come and do it , she has decided to call in the big guns !!! :) 
has just found out that some total and complete loser has tried to steal her warcraft account , rofl you scrubber :D get a life 
is too short to be darth vader 
woot !! weekend :) 
<3 Ponyo :) 
has come into contact with too many random d**kheads this week for it to be random :/ 
is v excited Cataclysm arrived today woot !!! But then she remembered she is working for the next nine days and is gonna be tortured looking at the box :( 
went to the book store earlier to buy a ‘Where’s Wally’ book . When I got there , I couldn’t find the book anywhere . Well played Wally , well played . 
thinks its not every day that Meg wees on your bed then kills a monkey in the front room :) 
keeps getting squashed by the centrifuge :( 
I named my iPod " The Titanic " . Then when I plugged it to the computer it read “The Titanic is synching” 
Grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change , the courage to change the things I can , and the wisdom to hide the bodies of the people I killed because they were annoying . 
Yesterday is history , Tomorrow is a mystery but Today is a gift . That is why they call it the present . 
Gnomish or Goblin engineering ? 
has just realised that she started playing wow in Nov 06 , and has done continuously with the exception of 6 months ... that equals £377.58 
Ouch !!! 
IMPORTANT . Tomorrow , Facebook will change its privacy settings to allow zombies to come into your house while you sleep and eat your brains with a sharpened spoon . To stop this from happening , go to Account > Home Invasion Settings > Cannibalism > Brains , and unclick the " Tasty " box . Please repost ! 
the cake is a lie and the tshirt is on its way to my house :D 
' s gonna go watch Hellraiser and do her ironing ... 
lovely sunny day :) time to play dead space 
Burlesque ? really good :) 
gets to see her lovely Sara Haniak and sexy Dave Wroe tomorrow :D whooop 
I am ERROR :) 
cant believe what a gorgeous day it is :D 
is at the bus stop for work in 12 hours :( 
:D James Cameron is making a live action Battle Angel Alita ... ? about time :D 
is sad for the ppl in japan :( 
has seen adverts for the walking dead tonight on 5 ... about time ... awesome :D 
Happy pi day :D 
Not got children ? Hire a babysitter anyway , say the kid is asleep upstairs and not to be woken . When you get home later that evening , go mental and ask where the child has gone . 
has had a constructive few days off , not got up before 12 , completed Bioshock again :D ? watched Kickass and Let the Right One In ... onto Bioshock 2 today then :D i wish my life was always like this :) 
loving Muse since 1999 :D 
met a really nice old lady at the bus stop today , she told me she had good news and gave me a leaflet that said " the flames of hell are real , and this is where you go , if you fail to trust in jesus you'll know eternal woe " and she looked at me like i was crazy ... :/ 
felt like it was my birthday , went downstairs and all 5 of the dvds ordered from amazon arrived :) but then i decided to rearrange my dvds in genre ... half are foreign :O the other half are sci-fi ... need to branch out a bit ... more johnny depp i think :D 
Happy mothers day to my gorgeous mum :D love u loads x x x 
watched " The girl who lept through time " ... finally !! Totally brilliant :D 
has been thinking how fast the past 12 months have gone , and how i cant believe how great things are , feeling very sentimental and loves everyone loads :D 
got bit :( oww stupid midges ! but considering my daily diet consists of the jar of jelly beans in my kitchen , should I be surprised ? :/ hmmm , maybe I should swop it for a jar of garlic :p 
lol ... Cleverbot.com :) 
' s last shift tomorrow for 4 days , then in for 3 and off for 11 :) ... the sort of full time I like :) 
:) thank you for all the msg's ... very happy ^^ 
its a gorgeous day , world of warcraft me thinks , then off to meet my lovely Sara Haniak for coffee and cake :D mmm 
Portal 2 tomorrow :D 
11 days off , portal 2 on the xbox ... seeya in a few days lol :) 
? GLaDOS : He's not just a regular moron , he's the product of the greatest minds of a generation working together with the express purpose of building the dumbest moron who ever lived . And you just put him in charge of the entire facility !!! 
Ooops :P 
How are you ? Because I'm a potato :/ 
haha paintballing was awesome ^^ even got the Top Gun award for taking down one of the tournament players twice in the first game :D but now i have a very colourful elbow :p 
has thought of a better royal wedding ... Battle Royale Wedding ... who would win ? My bets on the duke ! :D 
' s bloomin straightners have broke :O raaggghhhh ! 
is playing Deux Ex :D 
is loving all the Mr Men Google designs :D 
' s just got home from work , soaked through ... hmm hot chocolate with baileys , jimjams and last episode of the Walking Dead me thinks :D 
eee !!!!!! Barneys getting married , Lily's pregnant ... Luv How I met You're Mother ? :) 
Happy Friday :) 
' s playing minecraft , but its making her wanna play dungeon keeper :) 
? Black Stone Cherry on Planet Rock :D 
1f u c4n r34d 7h15 , u r34lly n33d 2 g37 l41d :) 
? taking off a corset after a full day ... amazed at how much food I manged to put away whilst wearing it tho ... plus now im sitting up really straight and lost half an inch off my waist :D 
Chuck Norris and Superman once had a fight . The looser had to wear his underwear outside his pants . 
has just watched the Panorama which was on last night , and cannot believe what she just saw :( ... really hope what goes around comes around , coz some of those sad excuses for human beings really deserve it !! 
has borrowed a couple of Rock Sound cd coz i like a " couple " of tracks , I ve got through 6 CDs so far , but added 59 songs to itunes ... I do not have the space on my ipod to like much more music :( 
OMG its 22:07 already :( 
Gorgeous Day :) 
has finally watched Saturdays Doctor Who ... OMFG :D that was amazing !!!! 
aww smallville series 10 , the beginning of the end :) seen the suit ... but will he ever fly ? 
It won't sound fine , Bret , you've got no guitar ! ( Bret plays his air guitar ) I can hardly hear it ! You'd have to be deaf to hear that ... lol !! 
Jonathan Coulton and Paul and Storm were awesome ^^ and we got to hear him sing BOTH Portal songs hehe :D 
X Men tomorrow with lovely mummy Tracy Stott :) 
has finally found the release date for Abarat 3 : Absolute Midnight :D 27th September , well that's only taken 4 years :) worth the wait tho !! 
just dropped a full chocolate digestive into my hot chocolate :/ 
hopes Melody gets sacked on this weeks apprentice ... wat a muppet !! 
had a great weekend , lots of eating and drinking and walks in gorgeous sunny surroundings with lovely company :) 
new smallville is sooo good , makes me wanna watch it from the beginning :) 
has been playing Sonic the Hedgehog , Ecco the dolphin and Columns ... lol good old days :) 
is getting ready to go out with Hannah Marie Walker and Sara Haniak , hope you feels better soon Sara x x mmm chocolate lime cocktails :D 
Wine , chocolate and apprentice ... plz let melody go !! Make it a great evening lol ! :) 
9 down , 1 to go :D 
How many people here have telekenetic powers ? Raise my hand . 
Chances are your pants are not as fancy as the pair 
Of very fancy pants that Mr. Fancy Pants will wear 
When everybody’s marching in the fancy pants parade 
He’s gonna pass the test , He’s gonna be the best 
The best in terms of pants :D 
Had a great night at the frog and bucket , but it was worth goin just to see linda pearce breakdance ... go girl :) 
eww , finding a live baby wasp in your raspberries is enough to put you off fruit for good :/ 
cant wait for Michael Rosenbaum to make his reappearance in smallville , mmmm mmm yummi :D 
" you dont come to my show and fight , you come to my show and dance ! " 
eeek Torchwood is back :D 
is listening to the Reith Lecture's from Ang Sang Suu Kyi ... what an amazing woman :D 
Shop smart . Shop S-Mart . 
is wondering should I play Starcraft before playing Starcraft 2 ? 
Is watching captain scarlet , oh the memories ... still awesome :) 
is speccing up a new pc with Andrew Walker eeeeeee excited :D 
cant wait till she gets paid so she can buy a new computer to replace this one , its been great , got 6 years out of it , but it keeps doing things on its own ... and that's when i can get it to turn on :( 
has eaten too much food with Jane Brennan :D 
is not gonna pay an extra 20 quid for a graphics card , just because a week has passed :( 
has a busy day tomorrow , got a pile of ironing almost as big as the ceiling :( need to dye my hair as its not blue , more purple with brown roots !! Attractive !! And have to defrost my freezer ... very boring ... but first its Friday !!! lets get drunk :D 
anyone have either the radeon 5850 or the 6870 ... cant decide :( 
hehe new pc is on the way :D ... it better not come at 7am tomorrow tho , i would like a lie in on my day off :/ 
Damn wisdom teeth , its been a , week now , its time to stop trying to break my jaw :( 
Feels like a badass , built a pc from scratch on her own and it actually comes on ! Just need an to install an os and then she can actuslly use it lol :D 
just watched Castle , now its bedtime :( up at 6 
thinks GLADOS is right ... deadly neurotoxin and then cake :D 
is glad im not working tonight :/ 
Has been thinking : 1- get them stoned then they wont want to loot anything , they'll be sad they burned down greggs and 2- this solves the problem with there not being enough uni places for all the applicants , because now these t#@t's wont be allowed to go :D 
what to do with these muppets ... hmm running man or battle royal ? Or just beat them with sticks :/ 
Cant believe she's just put the heating on at work , its freezing :( 
loves british humour ... cant stop the riots ... turn them into meme :D 
Go to your profile . Look to your left . First 8 friends are your zombie apocalypse team . 

Sidekick : Alex Wightman 
Heavy Weapons : Kirk Davies 
The one that's really a Zombie the whole time : Jane Brennan 
The Brains : Wendy Jennings 
The one that trips you to get away : Karen Brooks 
The first to die : Kerry Lee Richardson 
The one that has their own bunker : Lucy Macleod 
The one that is looking for the last Twinkie : Alex Macleod 
Robert Picardo in Castle :D geeky genius 
Congratulations to the stunning Linda Troughton ( Linda Pearce ) and her lovely husband Aaron , so happy for both of you x x x 
Watching ghost in the shell , while installing games ... What a classic , not seen it in ages :) GitS 2 next :) 
Is enjoying starcraft , especially on windows 7 which makes it all rainbow colours , but has made her decide she needs to play starcraft 2 :D 
has the internet sorted on her new pc ... yes ! u cant beat me u stupid belkin network card drivers :) hmmm the urge to play wow just kicked in again ... omg everything on highest ... gulp ! 
" 5 hanukkah , that only gives us 24 hours " :D 
Dear mr spider , please stop building ur web across my path ... Thats twice now since yesterday i have walked through it by mistake , i dont think i can cope if u climb on me again . U know i look like an idiot jumping up and down screaming , and yes the ppl on my street have seen me do it :( 
Thank you so much everyone , had an absolutely brilliant day x thanx to steph and john for plying me with tiramisu and crabbies and letting everyone run riot , thank you to my family and friends , i am so lucky to have so many amazin ppl in my life x thank u Dave Wroe for being so wonderful , i love u so much x :) 
Forgot how much she loves the Sex and the City movie :) 
