nap time ! 
new to facebook ! =) 
Actually , I'm going to take a nap , text me if you want . 
Send me a message if you want to talk , I get it through my phone . 
Taking a nap , text me if you need me . 
going to wash my dog , be back in 15 mins ... 
i'm up ! 
1,000,000 TONIGHT ON FARMVILLE !!! 
bored !!! 
time for bed ! 
We're being killed by the very thing that keeps us alive . 
Muscles ain't sore , but I just don't have the energy to work them how they need to be worked !!! 
bored . 
Ill to the core . Bone creeky , and lungs full of jelly . Not pleasent when I'm going to pass out from coughing too much . 
Hurt my leg bad . 
Hurt my tendons in my hips , can't swim tomarrow , and I'm pretty sure I'm not swimming in the meet on Thursday . 
I'm awake !!! 
If there's something wrong , those who have the ability to take action have the responsibility to take action . 
Check out my new photo . 
Watching over my team , almost gave John a pink belly cas he hit one of the twins . 
Old french fries with out salt from Burger King taste like Chinese food . 
Cannot wait until my anti-biotics start to work ... 
Blonde Hair ! 
I am the Great Stone Dragon ! 
Thank the coach for burning out my hips yesterday , and not lettng me on the bike to repair them . I hope I can swim good tomarrow . 
So how do you measure the worth of a man in wealth or strength or size , and how much gained or gave ? 
How can you judge a man by what he builds or buys ? 
When you have nothing , theres alot to go around ! 
Swim meet at centrals pool , not loy norrix at 6pm 
Facebook is not made so you can sell your crap to friends/family/random weird people . 
I don't miss anyone , anymore . I'm done wasting my time . 
Broke my new phone , now have old phone with old numbers , message me just in case I don't have your number . 
U went from the zookeeper the ' over-reactor ' 
I hate my life . 
You may never know how significant seeing this post is . 
I hope my cries for help won't be in vain .......... 
You choose the easiest path in life and call it reality . 
Remember that a minute of anger denies you sixty seconds of happiness . 
( 1/2 ) Tell me if this is fair , so the girls team didnt let the boys team do conditioning in the pool room on cold or rainny day , so why in our season do we have 
When I think about it , I only have like 5 real friends . The rest I just wish liked me . 
just sitting and waiting . 
I've never been given what I've truley wanted that would significantly improve my life , only things that numb away what i truley want . 
I have horrible social skills , haha , public schools have just shown me how stupid people are and how much I hate humans . 
Fell of the tractor at my work today . Lots of pain . =( 
How is it that we live in the richest country , but we can hardly afford to live here ? 
New Years Resolution : be mean to more people so they don't think i'm trying to get with them . 
I didnt get to say goodbye ! :-(( 
Humans are the best at being stupid . 
Why can't people just make up their own quotes ? Serously , it loses its meaning when you copy someone elses quote as your own , it also makes you look stupid . 
The people who are trying to make this world worse are not taking a day off . Why should I take a day off from making it better ? 
Most beautiful girls only wish they had good personalities , which , sad to say , is true . 
The hard part about losing a pet is that you will NEVER see them again . Even if heaven for beings was true , you wouldn't see them there because they would be in their own place , not yours . 
It's called a ' global killer ' , nothing will survive , not even bacteria . 
i am enjoying this physics work . its easy for me right now . 
I'm about 10 seconds away from ripping someones head off . 
I'm wearing a mask of pain . =( 
Corn Detassaling this year ! XD 
Tornado just went over sprinkle road ! 
if the pain i feel could be spread across the entire human race , not one face would have a smile on it . 
There's a fine line between fishing and standing on the shortline like an idiot . 
The truth is ... if you like my status , I'll say something I think about you , and it will be positive . =) 
I really hate wind ... 
Please dont go , i want you to stay , im begging you please , please dont leave here , i dont want you to hate for all the hurt you feel , the world is just illusion 
How do they know what's good for you ? 
I ask for pizza , ask to be woken up so i can have some , and i wake up at mid-night and there isnt any pizza left . Horray ! Im gona kill someone ! 
To all you lawn and garden people , screw you , its not plow ur driveway and screw kids of actually working for money . 
Not a care in the world , or do I have one ? 
sometimes information , even if its painful , sets you free , from a mental state , physical , or both . 
I want to thank my AP Physics teacher for all the degrading , and un-needed comments that make me feel better and better about not caring anymore . 
Don't be so open minded that your brains fall out . 
stupid face ... 
Remember the three universal healers : calamine lotion , warm oatmeal , and hugs . 
People , please get your own quotes . 
Say what you really feel , you know i need something that's real . 
In exchange for being about to solve my extreme problems , I'm socially crippled . 
( 2/2 ) underneither , and then there's me . 
In lovely dental surgery . 
I hope it was worth all it cost . 
I would love to watch the flames dance .... in your hair . =) 
Dont become my enemy because I told you the truth . 
My belly button ate my pencil when i set it on my lap ! 
I've made up my mind , I ain't wastin ' no more time . 
all your base are belong to us ! 
im bored , talk to me please . 
Im still talking , and you're not listening . 
Let my heart be hardend ... 
Do any of you have the guts to explore the inner workings of my mine and be weirded out , and completely amazed ? Any of you willing you take a chance ? 
I find it quite strange when you try to be nice and help someone when they see you ask someone creepy when its just genuine kindness . Maybe not caring is better 
Its upseting that Im trapped in the body that has become my prison . I wish I could leave this water sack Im in and go to a place where people dont cause me pain 
Its amazing that we have come to let people who have no interest in us , control the government and use it for personal gains . 
Who has AP Physics this year ? 
sometimes you just try so hard , it doesn't work , and it does the opposite of what you want to happen . 
You talk , I'll listen . 
Now i feel like im being ignored on purpose . 
and that's the end of my attempt at finishing my ap physics homework ... cya dude . 
What do I need to know about you ? 
Lets give your life to chance with a coin , a double headed coin . * flip * heads you lose ! * lands * time to die . 
I believe I am becoming ill . 
We must love one another or die . 
We're forgeting what we used to be . 
why are people such cry babies ? 
To feel good , you actually have to do something . 
no longer making attempts . 
I wish I had practice today just so I could be with someone , I'm so bored . 
I am so proud of what we were , no pain remains no feeling , eternity awaits , grant me wing that i may fly , my restless soul is longing , eternity awaits . 
what does it look like , I'm building an evil empire 
lost all the will to try . 
scrambled eggs , with cheese and onion , with toast , mmmmm .... 
I pretty much hate humans . 
A broken heart keeps beatin ' just the same . 
If disliking people were a job , I'd be the CEO . 
I have a dandilion for you all ! 
I've had a long , and rather disappointing week . 
Is everyone really that scared of someone tring to be nice ? 
Don't treat me like I'm stupid , I know you're there , and I'm watching how you react to what's happening , the only person you're hurting is yourself . 
To all loy norrix swimmers , screw you and don't come back to our pool your disrespectful filthy pigs . 
It feels like someone has taken my right to breathe away . 
Great money making and saving opportnity . Cellular services - Sprint , Nextel , AT&T , T-Mobile . Satillite services - Direct TV & Dish Network . Home Security - ADT . Exclusive Video Phone(awesome , I've seen it ! ) For more information on services or how to join call ( 269)-580-6283 , or email at nathanbarnhart@acnrep.com 
Love isn't blind , it's retarded . 
I feel helps as i slowly become more night blind , ive lost the ability to see stars , only to bring pain of stubbed toes what next shall this world take from me ? 
ARK - Act of Random Kindness 
i hate packers 
The theme song for the show 6 teen gives me butterflys cas its true , and its almost over ! 
I'm going to saw through you bones ! 
