Suddenly , I have no job now , I have hardly anything in my portfolio since the last ten years was confidential work , and want to go to Los Angeles to get a special effects job , one of the hardest things to get . How am I going to do this ? 
is feeling good , strangely enough . Got a nearly guaranteed job and an apartment in North Hollywood . Just gotta figure out how to NOT get a job here so I can collect a couple more months of unemployment . 
YES !! " V " is on Syfy all week ! My favorite show when I was a kid . It has been 20 years or so since I last saw it . It was probably the show that most inspired me to become an FX artist . Perfect timing , just when I need some inspiration ......... 
Skinny Puppy in Philly in mid Nov ...... just when I'm broke as a joke .... Arrgh ! 
Just saw Avatar-3D . If James Cameron wasn't the most famous director before(which he wasn't ) , he is now . The story looked kinda so-so on the commercials , but it was absolutely fantastic . Everyone HAS to see this movie , in 3D that is , its meant to be . Imax3D may be even better . This is the new 3D , its nearly perfect . You have never seen a movie like this before . Truly revolutionary . Go see it . 
Bored , bored , bored . I have nothing to do tonight . Think I might go see Avatar in IMAX 3D by myself ....... 
Conan Rules . Best sign out of any show , EVER . True class act . 
IMAX is stupid . I will never see another IMAX movie again . The only good thing is that it's 70mm . It was the wrong aspect ratio , screen was 1/4 of the size I thought it was gonna be , and far less spherical . I guess I was thinking of IMAX-dome/Omnimax . The 3D seemed to have less depth , but maybe it was just me . Don't see Avatar this way , go see it in " regular screen " 3D . 
I don't have many heroes , but Conan O'Brien is definitely one of them now . The rare individual with true integrity . Sacrificing himself for what is right . BOYCOTT NBC ! 
A hunter went hunting for bear . He walked five miles east of camp , but couldn't find any game . So he walked five miles north , where he saw a bear and shot it . Then he walked five miles directly back to camp . What color was the bear ? 
iPad = Stupid . = Me losing hope in design , somebody please , get it right , it is so simple . = Do I have to do it myself ? 
Greg Giraldo dies of OD . He was the best . The 2 best comics die in the same month . How sad . I guess the earthworms are the ones that get the last laugh . 
FREE FOOSBALL TABLE ! I am moving and need to get rid of a foosball table . Anybody who wants it must pick it up before Wednesday . In good shape , couple chips , bent playfield corner , but certainly good enough for a " non-pro " , LOL . Legs are off for transport , but a truck or hatchback would probably still be needed to haul . Contact me ASAP to schedule a pick-up time as I will be in and out of town for hours at a time . 
Awesome Covenant show . Daniel Myer from Haujobb filled in for a missing keyboardest . Unique show .... 
How big is this underground oil reservoir and could it possibly lead to the extinction of humans ? 
If you remake a movie you should be banned from film-making and treated 
like you bet on your own team , like Pete Rose . The only exception is if 
you are the original director and you're unhappy with your first 
film , then remake it all you want , it's yours . You don't see the Mona 
Lisa being repainted by another artist to make it " better " because we 
have new paints ....... 
There was already a classic movie called " The Karate Kid " . There should never be another by the same name unless it has a different concept . In the new Karate Kid , the kid is taught Kung-fu . Call it " The Kung-fu Kid " you greedy hollywood idiots . 
Peace comes when religion goes . 
I had to break that into two parts because stupid facebook doesn't want me to have that much on my mind ........ 
I also have a two seat reclining couch(white & blue , red highlights , OK shape ) , twin bed frame w/cabinet headboard(OK shape , water stain on headboard top ) , twin leaf folding kitchen table w/chairs(OK shape , top marred by cleaning product ) , and a nearly brand new Ikea futon frame(raw wood , no cushions ) to get rid of if anyone is interested . FREE . You pick up(before Wednesday ) . I can get you pics . Contact me ASAP . 
EVERY single thing , that EVERY single person , has EVER said to you , has just been VIBRATING AIR . 
Inception ... Very Impressive movie .... see it . 
Fractured my elbow . Ouch . Hmmm , should I not be riding a gas-powered skateboard at 33 years old ? LOL 
Thanks everyone . 
If you live in Cali go vote for Prop . 19 NOW !!!! I'll be there soon ! Legalize it !!!! FREEDOM !!!! 
I saw another human being today ! It's been a while ..... 
Just finished watching " The Time Traveler's Wife " , a fantastically brilliant amazingly beautiful movie ....... and that's an understatement ........ 
Just got some samples of Monster Makers Premium Monster Clay and it is awesome . Sculptures coming soon ...... 
Trent Reznor , I want to congratulate you like an animal . 
If the weather's nice on Friday or Saturday I'm going to Monster Makers in Cleveland for a huge bulk order pickup . If anybody wants anything from there or wants to tag along to keep me company or check out the facility , let me know . I can work around your schedule . I'm getting 400 lbs . of clay and plaster , so I'll have to keep things under the limit of my car , lol . 
Press enter to post your comment ? How stupid . How do I start a second paragraph now ? Why do companies always make products and websites worse than they used to be ? 
