i have a facebook now . im moving up in the world !!! woo hoo !! 
i love finding old friends !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
kitty cat kitty cat kitty cat tree 
i love love . :) 
ima be 18 in two weeks !!!!!!!!! i caint wait !! hell yea bitches ima be legal !!!!!!! 
is it wrong to keep something from an old relationship when you are in a serious long term relationship ? even if you dont like that person anymore ? what if someone you know does that ? how do you know that they dont like that person anymore ? what if they do ? what if they still love them just a little bit ? should that be confronted ? give me some feedback . comment please !! 
may say something brilliant at any moment . wait for it ... wait for it ... Ah nope I got nothin ' 
i just scored 1,022,000 on wonderhill harmony mahjong !! hell yeah ! 
my day has been good . im tired and my head still hurts but its been pretty good . 
i just love getting my own little piece of happiness !!! 
three years ago today was the last time i saw my dad . he left me and my mom and didnt come back . its been three years and im still alive and doing fine without him . just goes to show that even though it still makes me sad and depressed sometimes and i still miss him , i can survive without him . even though i never thought i would 
went camping this weekend . it was great met some new people and made some new friends . loved it . had fun . and gotsta thank my mans cousin for taking us along . 
18 in 9 days !!!! hell yea !!!!!!! 
trust is important . we all know that . but so is letting go right ? i got a friend who has some worries . is it wrong for her to worry ? even though she trusts the one she loves ? tell me what you think i should tell her 
ok finally going to bed . stayed up and made pancakes and now i am soooo sleepy so i am going to go to bed g'nite facebook ! this chickys goin to bed ? 
always remember that it doesnt matter what a parent does to make you hate them . they are your parents . you do love them whether you want to admit it or not . tell them that or one day they might not be there when you want to talk it out . 
i woke up at 12 yesterday afternoon and didnt go to sleep until 11 this morining . i slept til 8 30 tonight . i should stop trying to stay up wity ty when he wont go to bed . 
IM 18 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i am finally 18 now people !!!! hell yeah !!!! 
The smile on your face lets me now that you need me , there's a truth in your eyes sayin u'll never leave me , the touch of ur hands says you'll catch me when ever I fall you say it best when you say nothing at all 
well i got a new job today and worked for about 8 hours . my back hurt and my feet hurt cus i was standing on my feet for about the whole time but its pretty great . its awesome because i have the sweetest man in the world to come home to every night . got a massage and a foot rub . he spoils me so much . night facebook !!! 
so everyone should have a great day and should spend time with the ones you love . no time like the present . ( or as soon as they get off work ) :D 
Uh oh ... just saw the little devil from my left shoulder drop kick the little angel off my right shoulder a minute ago ... this can't be good . 
to the man i love i would like to say gv-ge-yu-hi . ? 
blessed be my friends 
" It's Couples Week ! " Copy & paste this with the date you got together : Started dating : November 7 , 2009 ? 
went 2 get smokes nd didnt get carded aint tht sum fukd up shyt 
cant wait til the day i can change my last name on here ! i love you baby forever and ever ! cant wait to marry you !! 
Merry Christmas to all my friends and family !!! Sorry if I can't be with you but know that you are on my mind and in my heart . Merry Christmas !! 
getting so tired of not being able to have a good day without getting pissed at some point . soooo tired of it 
i am such a spoiled girl now . my man does so much for me and buys me stuff all the time when he can . he spoils me rotten . :D but im not complaining . ;D 
thinks ... if u think I'm cute when I'm angry well I'm about to get ADORABLE ... 
17 seconds ago via Status Shuffle · Like · Comment · Choose a Funny Status 
got a job interview today . got up at ten after 7 after actually sleeping last night . gotta take a shower and then gonna make my wonderful man breakfast and wake him up with a great breakfast in bed . eggs turkey bacon toast orange cinnamon rolls and sweet tea . cant wait to wake him up and see his gorgeous brown eyes and a smile !!! 
people need to make sure that they get their facts straight . sometimes people accuse others of doing things someone else did . remember that can hurt someone . please always check your facts before making an accusation . 
got my camera working and my sd card working again so lots of new pics are on the way 
is confused ; as feelings she thought were gone have all came flooding back . 
woot ! woot ! got the money . im gonna go buy a pack of smokes for the first time ever !!!! and i get to do it legally . being 18 ROCKS !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
- I'm EXPECTING AGAIN !! I know , I know it's pretty crazy isn't it ? I really don't want to believe it myself . I wasn't going to put it on here , because it will be obvious soon enough , but thought I needed to make it official . I mean who would have guessed AGAIN !! So now you know , it's official . We are expecting * fridged weather * AGAIN tonight and tomorrow !! ** Re-post if you have any sense of humor .!! ** 
feeling better but still not great but better 
Thereare many 
complaints that Facebook has become unacceptably slow . The report shows 
that the reason is that Facebook has a number of non-activemembers . We 
want to send this message to see whether you're active members or not . 
If you don't post this message within 2 weeks you'll be 
......... removed in order to get more space . Post on your wall that you 
are stillactive , and that you do not want to be removed 
now everyone can stop asking for pictures of me and my man :) new pictures showing off the cutest boyfriend ever :) and me :D 
hmmmm ...... no one is reading and commenting on my statuses . hmmmm ... sad face :( 
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ? i could really use a wish right now 
mmmmmm foooood 
.. has coffee and the best man in the world .. the day couldn't get any better =) 
wake up on the wrong side of the bed ? ha that is sooo an understatement 
Doesn't make much sense , does it ?? Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised . Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first . 1% will re-post and 99% won't have the guts to !!! 
woke up this morning with air in her lungs , a beat in her heart , and her best friend in the whole world laying next to her . Life is as it should be . 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your page for 1 hour if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? HOPE FOR A CURE , AND SUPPORT THE RELAY FOR LIFE ! 
november is diabetes awareness month , then they have thanksgiving ? 
merry meet , merry part , and merry meet again . 
i wish my sex adorable cute funny sarcastic tantalizing amazing boyfriend would wake up and come in here . im bored all by my lonesome . :( 
just so everyone knows wicca is not devil worship . it is an earth based religion that is individualistic . it is different for every wiccan . we worship the god and goddess who are seperate beings and one being . it is not evil . do not judge based on religion . thank you very much . blessed be my friends may the goddess watch over and protect you . merry meet , merry part , and merry meet again . 
Don't you hate it when the Voices in your head argue with your Imaginary friends ? They fighting and that Penguin in the corner is looking at me funny , again !! 
i feel yucky and sick :( :( 
Wish I could sleep , Can't sleep , Want to sleep , But my mind will not allow the sleep 
i am so tired of not sleeping right !!!! for the past week im lucky if i sleep longer than four hours at a time . this is getting ridiculous ! i just wanna sleep without waking up . is that too much to ask ? 
my dad split two and a half years ago so i say fuck fathers day . worst day of the year 
its official . i hate video games . i see them just about every waking moment . i hate them and i wish they were not invented . thank you whoever did invent them for giving guys a reason to get pissed off irritated and distracted . now they dont have to pay attention . even on important days . and that is what they wake up doing and do until they fall asleep . I HATE VIDEO GAMES !!!!!!!!!! 
is annoying you with my status updates for one reason and one reason only , Cuz I'm bored and its entertaining me :) 
ok maybe she shouldnt worry and just trust . maybe he didnt keep anything on purpose . but if hes had it a long time and put it up when he got it then he probably forgot . so heres the thing . stop worrying . trust each other and things will be fine . if you have doubts talk . but listen to what is being said . 
ok so i just started this whole blog thing on myspace . ive never done it before though so im not any good at blogging but ill get better . if you have a myspace then you should check it out . give me your opinion . 
... is no longer feeling like the Energizer Bunny . The cymbals stopped clanging hours ago . 
to everyone who wished me a happy birthday . i want to say thank you . and may you all have a happy un-birthday !!! < :D thanks for the birthday wishes everyone !!!!! 
aight gettin tired of not havin smokes . grrrrrr . i need some fuckin nicotine !!! and usually im not even the one that gets hit with nicotine fiend mode . this sucks 
in less than 24 hours i will be 18 . be afraid . be very afraid ;D 
more pictures coming soon !! 
i dyed my hair red . its not uber redb i like it . ty woke up to a red headed girlfriend . it was sweet . 
if you love me , put a heart ?. if 
you're myfriend , put a smiley face :) . if you gotta a crush on me , put a 
wink face ;) . if your upset with me , put a sad face :( . copy this in 
your status & see how people feel about you 
does have a serious side you know . I keep it out there on the back porch in a cage and feed it crackers . 
live simply , care deeply , love generously . if we all did so then the world would be a much better place . at least , i believe so . 
PLEDGE 
ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND TO THE 
REPUBLIC FOR WHICH IT STANDS , ONE NATION UNDER GOD , INDIVISIBLE , WITH 
LIBERTY AND JUSTICE FOR ALL . ( I grew up saying this every morning in 
school - it's a shame we no longer do that for fear of offending 
someone ) . NOW , LET'S SEE HOW MANY AMERICANS WILL REPOST AND NOT CARE 
ABOUT OFFENDING ANYONE 
ok so my good day has gotten better . been spending the last couple of hours with tyler . he got off work at 4 . i miss him while hes at work but i love it when he comes home . makes me ten thousand times happy :D :D :D :D :D !!!!! 
our dog is finally having her puppies . so far there are four of them . black lab and it looks like they are mixed with rottweiler . they are very cute 
to all of you who say that you wish you mom ( or dad ) would just leave you alone . dont say that . cherish your relationship with them . if its bad , fix it . because you dont understand how hard it is and how much it hurts when they arent there anymore . cherish your parents 
i put up new pictures !!! everyone look !? 
to all my cass job corps friends . i hope you know that i miss you all greatly . as much as i complained about the center and rules and what not i still loved my home away from home . staff too . i miss you too . and as far as dorms go ... ALAMO BAY ONE !! 
13 yrold boy shot himself in the head after years of bullying & torment for being gay Seth Walsh 13 hung himself from a backyard tree Tyler Clementi 18 freshman from Rutgers jumped from the GW bridge after his roommate broadcast a video of Tyler with another guy TODAY I STAND UP TOALL THOSE BULLIES IN THEIR HONOUR If you care TO STAND UP WITH ME Please post this as your status for just one hour ? 
i love cabbage soup !!!!!!!? 
so tired of not having a job . wish i could get out of the house and work ! i need cash ! this fucking sucks !!!!? 
ASKING IF EVERYONE COULD PLEASE PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS FOR ONE HOUR IF YOU OR SOMEONE YOU LOVE HAS DIABETES . I KNOW MY FAMILY WILL , MY PRAYER IS THAT IN 2011 A CURE WILL BE FOUND . WILL YOU POST IT ? JUST FOR ONE HOUR . DO IT FOR ALL OF US IN MEMORY OF TOO MANY TO MENTION AND IN HONOR OF ALL FIGHTING IT 
ive got sunshine on a cloudy day . when its cold outside ive got the month of may . i guess youd say what could make me feel this way ? 
my baby is the best . caint no one beat him . he is as perfect as i could want any man to be . i love you tyler !? 
my heart is falling to pieces , my soul shatters , and you dont care , you dont even know cus your so many miles away . i miss you but i cant even talk to you . i want you but i dont know if i could bear to see you . i love you with everything i have and then some . you are my mom how could i not ? but why cant you see the pain you've caused me ? l ? 
good night facebook i love you all , my friends and my family be you blood or not your still my family . may you all have sweet dreams and wake up feeling that all is good and right with the world . and may you be so blessed as to be able to go about your day with a smile on your face and a song on your lips :D ? 
i put my phone in airplane mode . worst transformer EVER !!!!!!!!!? 
missin my hometown russellville rocks love all my friends and family ! lots of hugs and love !? 
underpants ! underpants ! underpants dance !? 
i am so happy we had a good christmas with the family . we had so much food i think we all ate til we hurt . got lots of candy and a new mp3 player among other things . its great exactly what i been wantin it was my christmas surprise . i love all my presents :D :D :D <3 
i hope everyone has a good thanksgiving and gets to spend it with their families . remember . family is not just the people you grew up with or who share your dna . family is the people who accept you as you are and are happy to call you one of their own . thats family just as much as those from the same genetics pool . if not more . so hug your family and have a great holiday !? 
WOO HOO !!! GO PACKERS !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
ok folks just so you know i do NOT play country life anymore ! 
hey if any of yall cass job corp ppl know how to get in touch with kyle foster , bumpers , brick . let me know . real good friend of mine last i heard was on graduation in ' 10 . 
GREEEN BAY WON THE SUPER BOWL !!!! all you haters kiss the packers ' ass !!!! 
love my new job ! this is great . just the right job for me ! i love it !!! 
I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND TO THE REPUBLIC FOR WHICH IT STANDS , ONE NATION UNDER GOD , INDIVISIBLE , WITH LIBERTY AND JUSTICE FOR ALL ! I GREW UP RECITING THIS EVERY MORNING IN SCHOOL WITH MY HAND ON MY HEART . WE NO LONGER DO THAT FOR FEAR OF OFFENDING SOMEONE !!! LET'S SEE HOW MANY AMERICANS WILL RE-POST THIS & NOT CARE ABOUT OFFENDING SOMEONE 
what to do what to do ? im at work so i should do something ... * looks around * dang aint nothin to do . hmmm hello facebook . lolz 
sittin here wishin my man was online so we could chat . i am so bored 
thinking of stalking my stalker just to shake things up a bit 
quick everyone hide in your emergency shelters ! the end of the world is here !!! i have run out of COFFEE !!! 
when i cry i want you to wipe away the tears . when i smile i want you to smile with me . and when i fight i want to be fighting for you . not with you . </3 sorry 
" But you don't look sick . " It's a daily struggle feeling sick on the inside while you look fine on the outside . Please put this as your status for at least 1 hour if you or someone you know has an invisible illness such as MS , RSD , Lupus , Fibromyalgia , Chronic Fatigue , Diabetes , Crohns , PCOS , RA , OsteoArthritis , Migraines , MCS , Kidney Disease , Epilepsy , Polymyositis , Depression , Bipolar , etc 
life sucks and then you die 
ok after trying to upload music onto my mp3 player for about an hour i FINALLY got it to work . and i learned something new . my mp3 has a built in speaker . i dont even need headphones . ive had it for like 3 months and never knew that ! 
sometimes you cant help but remember the people you should forget . and smile at the times you shouldnt hold as close . but it still brings a smile to your face when it really shouldnt 
angel from heaven , demon from hell , what i do , i do well ! 
ok everyone listen up . if you click on one of those links thats just bullshit and auto posts stuff in your chat and on your wall you can stop it . click " account " and " privacy settings " . it will say " apps and websites " in the lower left . click " edit your settings " . and then by " apps you use " click " edit settings " . then just go and remove all the apps and game you want to get rid of . 
i dont wanna go to work !! i wanna stay in bed and sleep for 2 days . can i call in sleepy ? oh wait im already here . damn it !! 
ya know sometimes i just wanna go back to being 12 . when i didnt have to worry about anything except getting the latest cd or whos birthday party was coming up . being a grown up sucks ! 
I LOVE MY FIANCE !!!!!!!!!!! <3 <3 <3 
I'm going on a date with Tyler . Going to olive garden and to watch the green hornet . Yay ! 
ok all set for a twelve hour shift . kinda want a nap though :( 
theres always someone somewhere who loves you . and its probably who you least expect . so smile . theres someone falling in love with it 
feelin kinda lonely :( 
When I was a kid I didn't have a computer , Nintendo DS , XBox , or Wii . I had a bike and some marbles ( the kind you play with ) , that was it . If I didn't eat what my moma made , I didn't eat . And I dealt with it . I didn't think of telling my parents " no " or dare to talk back and I got in BIG TROUBLE if I did . Life wasn't hard , it was life ..... And I survived . Repost if you appreciate the way you were raised . 
ok fell asleep up at work like ive done before ( its always dead by 3 am ) and never heard the phone ringing when the family tried to get ahold of me . why ??? because someone turned the ringer off !! i didnt even know you could do that ! 
there is a song called unanswered prayers . today made me realize that god takes his time answering prayers . but that doesnt mean he didnt hear them or is ignoring them . he knows just the right time to answer them . today was a miracle . 
