... nothing like the present .. 
.. the irritating cold 
.. strategizing , speculating = sucks ! :( ;) 
... on an earned trip on d floating clouds , where lies a castle overlooking d world ;) 
......... Thanks a lot Alok !!!!!!! 
.. the glistening green in the rains .. 
.. bhelpuri of dreams .. sookie , castles , killer dogs chasing , parachute jumping .... at the end of it .. confused .. 
" ... So if you wake up with the sunrise , And all your dreams are still as new , And happiness is what you need so bad , Girl , the answer lies with you , yeah . " 
.. all good things come to an end .. or just a bump in the ride ...? 
.. a surprising number of things returning .. some coincidence .. albeit a happy one :) 
is dreaming way too much ! 
... Helen 
.. enjoying the payoffs .. finally ! :) 
... having fun baking :) 
Happy Parsi New Year 
.. catching up wid people :) 
What's life without new twists and turns ! 
... @hitesh , Miguel . 
Random fiction on my mind .. " The Average Joe With A Black Eye Patch .. " 
... " how to beat procrastination " ;) 
.. lost in awe of led zep's creativity and abilities ......... 
........ relatability feels like a precious gem 
.. Logic vs Impulse 
... writing :) 
.. sadly self love cannot be taught , but only realized ..? 
.. still in the dassera mehfil mood ! 
Hope everyone had a great dassera .. the dassera mehfil was wonderfully amazing !! 
.. time management ! 
d band baaja noise version of d festival is gettin insane ! 
happy diwali .. wishing a beam of guiding light to fill your life with joy , success and warmth :) 
... three colours blue .. the pace = perfect ! enjoyed d film .. it lingers on .. 
.. the Indian Parliament :( 
... " give what you have , be all you can " 
... to wrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrite ! 
.. amazed in a curious sort of way , how fragile people can become .. 
.... enjoying CHOC-o-HAZELMOND-a-CAROON 
.......... beach , frendz , feet in the sand , fresh songs and loud waves .. :) 
... music , lazing , baking , movies , buddies , chilling .... SuNdaY : -* 
.. hot chocolate n some writing ! 
... questions .. 
.. coincidences and synchronicity ( once again ) :) 
What's a better base for decision making ?? Impulse / Tried n Tested/ Logical thought/ Intense feelings ??? 
.... meetha pan ! 
" In a tree by the brook , There's a songbird who sings .. Sometimes all of our thoughts are Misgiven .. " 
.. only being and nothing else , at the moment . :) 
.. starting off a brand new day .. 
.. meeting new people .. :) 
.. pending work ! 
Thank you very much for all the lovely wishes guys !!!! :) : -* 
.. simply happy ! :) :) 
what's on my mind ?... gooey brownie topped with spiked tiramisu ;) .. that .. and work . 
.. blogging 
............ hectic ! 
..... I'm feeling musical ! 
Where there's faith and hope and a focussed driving wish , there's room only for positivity , prayer and meditation .. Simply thankful .. :-) 
.. not mixing rose and kaala khatta again ! 
blogging .. 
.... the very busy 19th and 20th ... 
.. slow simmer time for creative ideas .. 
.. music , some paints , paper , and cookies 
newsletter , children's activities , vision boards and doodling party :) .. fun ! 
When words make a difference ... 
.. roots and the feeling of uncondtional connectedness 
.. sandwiching all work in one day ... 
Wonderful start for 2010 .. fun , family , friends n joy :) Wish you all the same ! 
Wishing everyone lots of merriment , joy and even miracles .. Merry Christmas :) 
Penning ' Shekhar's Journey ' , thinking of self-exploration activities for kids and listening to The Rain Song ... good day ! 
The thomas crown affair .. today , just that . 
Happy Friendship's to everyone :) It's good to know you'll 
enjoying rushabh's weird lingo :-D .. for only few days more : ' -( 
Hoping aal ij well with the output ;-) 
trying to keep up pace .. :) 
.. Sherlock Holmes dekhni hai !! 
... want more hours in the day !!!! 
Lots of writing and then a painkiller for my wrist .. ;-) 
.. to be able to truthfully put a check mark next to all the things in today's checklist !!! 
Judgments .. a fool's tool to Understand ... 
witnessing others " load shedding " and experiencing it ... two different and interesting experiences ... 
now I'm slmply pushing the cart .. need the right muse for the writing to flow .. 
... Just like the rainbow ! 
from intangible to tangible .. using a juvenille tool- words ... ;-) 
city palace ... 
city palace .. the one where the tree grows through the palatial floors ... 
" .. And in the naked light I saw Ten thousand people maybe more People talking without speaking People hearing without listening People writing songs that voices never shared .. " ( Sound of Silence ) 
Whatever you give a woman , she will make greater . Give her sperm she will make a baby , give her a house she will give you a home , give her groceries she will make a meal , give her a smile she will give you her heart . She multiplies and enlarges what she is given . So if you give her any crap , be ready to receive a ton of shit . Post to your profile if you agree !! 
.. bored 
" Did The Umiam Freak You Too ?? " .. my contest entry .. fingers crossed :) 
.. discipline , in creativity .. hmm .... 
a la la land ;-) 
learning how language of love is more powerful than language of want .. even if its for the best of interests ... :-) 
a divine light ! :) 
When the timing is right ! 
writing .. 
Reality Chk ... 
: " Without faith , insecurity breeds . With Insecurity , expecting a constant change loops . And with all this , there's no ability to love or receive love . With Faith on the other hand , there's no being better or worse , one can only just be , Oneself and leave all concerns at rest . " 
m back , but m I ? ;-) 
waiting for something new n exciting .. 
Shades of blue , pink , n all the peacock shades :) 
.. chennai ashram .. 
simply nothing .. feels good :) :) :) 
empathy and enmeshment .. a thin crucial line in between ... 
will power , will power , will power ! 
Friday's programme ... 
Never turn a blind eye to someone's pain .. consider it a crime towards your soul . 
Art attacked ! .. thnx to neeti ! ;-) 
.. how little we can fathom about life 
busy day ahead .. ' together divine halfway!' 
pondering over ' pride ' , ' esteem ' , and ' power issues ' ..... 
The on time in ' timely help ' can make such a big difference ! 
We are what we see surrounding us .. Lovingly Acceptance = key . 
The Speaking Tree has no Me . So even though it only speaks and doesn't listen , doesn't engage in a good two way communication , 
We Listen- ' cause maybe , all it says is an offering to us ... It Speaks- perhaps ' cause it has truely heard . WE are yet to be free of the ME .. No doubt we love to hear an offering made to us , for us , about us .. 
made the most of Chennai trip .. enjoyed , learned a lot .. and back ! 
Discovering how love integrates our many selves , and how fear and resulting needs and insecurities divide a single self into fragments , personas and grow inner confusions and conflicts . Wishing everyone's blackbirds the nurturing space to fly :-) 
finally will get to read Winnicott's works on ' self ' ... super excited :-) :-) 
awareness talks regarding common psychotherapies , counseling , life-coaching , and the lot .. 
Collecting resource information on drug , substance abuse amongst teenagers and young adults . ANY kind of helpful resources in terms of successful journeys out of the addiction will be of great value and help ! .. Thank you doubly in advance for sharing ~ Kindly mail : kunjal.s.psy@gmail.com , or get in touch with me . 
Ask --- then help or assistance can come our way ! 
joplin's summertiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiime ! 
M . Scott Peck's " Discipline " ! 
" The Road Less Travelled " - Have you read it ? How did you find it ? 
Bibliotherapy : Insights into Life ~ through Books & Discussions :-) All curious and interested people , contact me !! kunjal.s.psy@gmail.com or even simpler , call me :) 
We see the butterfly , and sometimes wish to be like ' em too .. often forgetting how one must toil to be as the worm and leave the transformation to ' grace ' . Being like the butterfly , resembling the butterfly and being it .. are very different states ... 
Hitchcock's Trouble with Harry ! :-) and a gr8 discussion with Darshan Chande .. Cancelled appointments due to rains have turned to be for the better ! 
Looking forward to the open query session tomorrow on Life Lessons based on The Road Less Travelled .. :-) Everyone's invited ! 
Good Green Sunday ! 
In a game of power , the winner's always a looser .. 
One does not become enlightened by imagining figures of light , but by making the darkness conscious . 
- Carl Jung 
good old rock 
.. how it's all the work of attention .. what we attend , when we attend , and when not ... 
observing in people around , how courage and non-attention in self growth keeps things moving and the process of ' growth ' on .. and how " self-centricness " can be unyielding and causing stagnation and a kind of depression ...! 
Enjoyed Tochi Raina , Somaji , Rahul and Roopak's performances .. thoroughly ! .. 
More music today .. finally some riyaaz ! :) 
More riyaaz :) 
Reviewing Love , it's forms and its actual requirement ... 
There's a right time , for EVERYTHING ! 
Maand .... and Maarva 
without phone nxt 3 days .. so its maand , maarva and blues .. :) 
who's singing tomorrow ? :) 
The horizon is a mirage when a demarcating segment is searched for .. But it very well serves the purpose of demarcating for us clarity dependent species ! 
May I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least 1 hour ? It is Special Education week & Autism Awareness Month , and this is in honor of ALL children God made in a unique way ....? 
Red Corner ... What a film ! 
In currents between 
Island Overwhelm and 
Mounts Defiant Blinded Sane 
lie the simple summary , 
Origins of me(s ) and you(s ) 
in all honesty , silently . 
And a spade remains a spade 
underneath all the colourful coverings . 
The present and the center . 
Double Jeopardy Morning : First came the eunuchs and then , a band of relentless proud American Christian missionaries .. fun time at d beach ! :-P 
crystal joys , mellow tunes and a walk , on edgy dunes ... 
back to writing ........! 
Wwwwwwwwwwag the dog 
damn the bug .. got to make it for tomorrow's photography wrkshop !! 
............................. 
Restore Adjust & Restore Clear ... 
wondering f everyone's a stickler for something or another ???... 
How does a phoenix do it every single time ??? I wonder if humans can imitate remotely ... 
Any slips of tongue lately people ???? ;-) 
for some reason , the word ' obscurity ' 
popcorn n movie with TL kids .. I'm wondering which one will they pick- indiana jones or chicken little .. any guesses ? :) 
flu-ish :-( 
A still morning Awaiting For the unwritten day To be painted ... 
m looking for a gd free word to pdf convertor ..?? 
Lightness 
some real weird postpartum feelings over a piece of writing !? 
pampery , lazy saturday .... 
Ho'oponopono .. divinity of love and forgiveness .. 
Some Papier Mache` action ;) 
Touched by Angels . 
A journey to reach ; the magic of presence . 
Communication is like a circle , not an express way from pt A to pt B : Expressing-Listening-Clarifying-Receiving-Clarifying-Expressing- so on ... 
Made the most of pune trip .. chilly weather , warm people , classic movies and awesome conversations .. It's good when it's not planned :) 
" ... Love makes no demands , it just is . Therefore it's divine ... " 
" Plz dont wet urself in d rain dis season as 
it will be d most acidic rain over all dese yrs causing cancer . coz of 
volcanic ash , huge amount of sulphide has gone up makin clouds acidic . " 
Beneath known shaky lands of today , 
Lie strong formed crystal thoughts 
Of foreign bliss and greener grass 
... Come dig , come stay 
beneath the blessed mud then , 
And through the pain of spare 
Where may lie a land of different tranquil 
Let us all meet there , 
Let's all of us meet there .. -Kunjal S . 
" Please ppl , raat ko driving time , Dipper light maro !! " ( For my friend's peace of mind ) :-D 
Disbelief , surprise and shock - Probably when we are in make belief .. Otherwise everything was , is , always in front of us .. I feel . Its what we choose to see n what we choose to ignore .. 
Nihilistic or Spiritual ... diff extreme viewpoints ? Or same stuff ? 
Orissa , Literacy workstations , some psychobabble , Touching Lives , and if when free , an introduction to Kafka 
" Stay on path . Even after a speed breaker , or a real breaker . " 
Its 
for my friend-If u know someone who can n wants to be a lead guitar player in a band , pl contact ! Think Beetles and Led Zeppelin . 
Filling life to minutes 
Knowledge belongs to the head territory ; understanding , the heart . 
Openness & Learning ... everyday 
" ... These are the seasons of emotion and like the winds they rise and fall 

This is the wonder of devotion - I see the torch we all must hold . 
This is the mystery of the quotient - Upon us all a little rain must fall . " ( LP ) 
searching for colourful videos for pre-teens ........ 
Too much of using " so anyway " , while 
expressing yourself = signal , one needs to value ownself more than the 
current state .. 
Pain and Hard earned gain = working muse 
.. grinch mode ! 
How strong d hold of egocentrism over us .. 
:-( flu argggggggggggggggggggggggggggh hate it ! 
HELP wanted asap like today : If you'll personally , professionally , or through someone know , an organisation , institution or person who's well versed and sensitive to emotional and vocational issues regarding rehabilitation of adult person having Mental Retardation , kindly contact me pls- today , tomorrow , earliest . kunjal.s.psy@gmail.com .. or msg me on cell , I'll get back to you soon as I can . Thank You very much . 
wrk ! 
In the process of understanding and appreciating the co-existence of karma and prarabdha , and spiritual cleaning .. I'm in wonderment . 
Spiritually speaking , as someone shared , " Everything around is/are concept/s " .. And all is perceptual .. 
Rooooooooooshabh n Einstein .. n thanks to ' Touching Lives ' , a viewing of so many teenage lives ! 
http://www.boatloadpuzzles.com/playcrossword 
Skit for kids to introduce a dictionary ... :) 
new roads :) 
Now the topic on mind is Manual Lymph Drainage ! 
No , woman , no ( don't ) cry .. :) 
Strunk & White , finally ! :) 
I'm glad I watched No one killed Jessica 
Degause to present ! 
Merging to emerge and dissolve ....... :) 
Murakami .. wow ! 
WoRk 
Me ! 
Current topic of thought and discussion : passion & solace , ambition & identity , and surrendering & " path " .. 
.. and she reads it " goo " instead of " who " ... hehe ;-) 
Glass bricks , beautifully encased 
Like dew drops caught , in a lovely embrace 
.. you're still a wall 
.. there's still a cage 
Illusions . Perceptions . 
Break free , .. and see , be . 
back from Orissa , enriched ! 
... The word ' steps ' in any psychological process can be misleading .. they're layered , and usually , multi-layered - - - before reaching a significant somewhere . 
... writing ! 
guys ! thank you so much for all the lovely wishes !! * hug * :) 
Very Happy New Year to Everyone .. May it be Prosperous , full of Love and Good Luck . 
.. all the crimes against children in today's paper .. wether its the Terna student or the 10yr old dead boy .. I wonder what happens next to them , n their families .. 
.. Rocky Raccoon ... 
When the music's over turn out the lights 
Enjoying Beetles .. music like sea spray drops , crashing against the wet thirsty rocks !! .. all in slowmo .. 
a song sung in the blue ... 
In anothr reality .. Where bouncy leaves r teachers .. N time not a friend 
Semiconductor sensitized solar cells !! 
........ what would people , individuals be , without hopes and dreams ?? 
.. " Who are YoU ?!! " , said the caterpillar irritatedly 
when not meditative , but chaotic ... time to indulge , create .. 
Wen meditative n calm within , all the goings in d world seem rosey :-) 
People- our reflections and lessons to read and learn ... 
.. Shades of grey wherever I go The more I find out the less that I know !... 
