Earth angel , earth angel . Please be miiine , my darling dear , love you for all time . 
Rest in peace , Michael Jackson . 
Camp's almost overrr ! 
is quite happy . 
lost her favorite cover-up today at the beach . )): 
is actually still pissed about the coverup . 
I'm done with camp , but we're still in Galveston . I miss Jon and I want to go HOME . 
is tired . 
I love Gaia . 
just lost the game . 
I'm pretty sure plumbers shouldn't have to go through such treacherous situations every day in order to save princesses ... 
Pixar Short Films , ftw ! 
Well , I'm not in a good mood at all . 
Max Bemis is a beast#@ ! 
OMFGGG , dislike button , PLEASE . 
Pants are for sissies . 
I actually lose the game more than I admit , Chas can't take me out of it#@ ! 
It snowed today , bitches : B 
http://doineedajacket.com/ 
I wish there were a dislike option on Facebook . There's some things I just dislike so much , I really want to express it in less of a bitch-way . 
What do males want for Christmas ? 
The Sims 3 is about to take over my Christmas break . 
I hate Virtual Villagers . I've been playing for four hours now . I want them to uncover The Roster of Dead , but they want to harvest honey . 
Jon definitely bought me the Bo Burnham CD at Best Buy and Chas checked us out . ( 8 
Could you walk and talk by age one ? 
Six months today , Sarah and Jon$# ! @ 
Coronation is one less thing to worry about now . 
I kinda bought tickets for everyone tonight , and it made me feel good (: 
Damn , I've never felt so dumb in all of my life . This sucks . 
I hope my poor little guy survives . </3 
It's hard to believe it's actually Christmas break already . 
Bedposted * rofl . 
We did everything we could , but he didn't make it . Rest in peace , little Akon . You were well taken care of today . 
HEY , HALLSVILLE SENIORS ! Want your own ad in the yearbook ? See me at school , Tuesday . The ads are really cool , by the way , just sayin . (: 
I really happen to like The Brady Bunch . 
I managed to put together a date night while Jon had nooo idea about it . Said I would make dinner for when he got off work , put it all together and had it ready before he got here . Then put on a movie because nothing is on Saturday nights . I'd say I'm good . ( 8 
I'm not having a good night anymore . At all . 
HEY , HHS SENIORS ! We're still taking senior ads , and you should get one ! If you do , I suggest bringing a lot of different looking pictures , it makes your ad look really cool . (: 
All the doors in the hallway are gone except the bathroom . They took the knob out though , which leaves a gaping hole where it's suppose to be . It's ridiculous how they think I'll be able to function like this . 
I think my favorite show is The Pit Boss . 
I really hate going into my living room and kitchen at night . Do we really have to have six open windows ? We need more blinds . 
I'm not very good at digital scrapbooking . ): 
I thought of a really cool status at school today and forgot it . 
Friend FAQ tells me so many things . 
Seriously ? That didn't even feel like a weekend . 
I don't suggest the alternative ending of Paranormal Activity to anyone . 
I am officially done with chocolate . Thank you , Olive Garden . 
My favorite thing about facebook is becoming a fan . 
I finally figured out my scanner . (: 
Chas makes me feel bad about myself . 
Jon brought me flowers . (: 
Imagine if your name were Hung Wang . 
I feel like making something for someone . Any takers ? 
Went to the hospital last night around 9 . Was there till 2:30 and we were waiting the entire time . Apparently throwing up all day with having the possiblity of being dehydrated isn't important enough . I couldn't keep anything down . 
Laughing hurts the muscles in my stomach but it's been SO HARD to keep myself from laughing today . I've been laughing at everything . I feel better , just still sore . (: 
Gosh , please , stop trying . 
It's spring break and I just became a fan of nearly 200 things . Good way to start things off . 
I want a playstation 3 . 
I hit my bedroom window this morning and shattered it . Ultimate fail . 
I'm so weird now . When I stay home from school , I wish I hadn't , no matter how sick and tired I feel . D: Someone come get me and take me to school . 
I won't be at school , I'm going to the doctor today since those dumb asses in the ER didn't even look at me . I'm crazy sore from Saturday and I can't move without getting a headache , even though ! my fever is barely there now . Anyone wanna tell my teachers why I'm not at school ? I'm worried about that . X : 
I got my ' Pay It Forward ' bracelets in the mail . I'm selling them at school tomorrow for two dollars or however much . ( The money is going towards the PIF Foundation , so it's not for personal gain . ) c : 
Good is in the eyes of the beholder . 
Monday , student holiday / staff work day ? 
I hate humanity . Get a job , not tools to break into someone's house ! 
Why the hell is Urban Outfitter's shipping so expensive ? Come on , $10 even if I just order one small thing . 
TV Land is my favorite channel . 
I'm having SO MUCH trouble understanding how Christian parents see themselves as good people when they can't even accept their children and the way they want to live . 
I really want to see Paganini on Monday . 
Gotta say , I love my Canadian best friend . 
It really irritates me when adults typ lik tis . U NO WHT i MEEN !? 
Oh , little pork chop , I love you so . 
There's a turtle on my bed . 
Rofl , what the hell , girl . 
I don't think I like the movie Up . So far , it's only made me sad . 
In Houston ( 8 
I really wanted to go out with friends before I found out my dog went missing . Now I'm making " Have you seen me " posters . FML . 
It's sad that I'm having to stay at home to finish school work . 
Pictures at the pier , pet some sting rays , rode fair rides , went on a speed boat , got ice cream . Still going shopping and swimming before we head home tomorrow . ( 8 
Someone please bring food to the school ! 
I just smacked the crap out of my office computer . It doesn't buffer for anything ! 
I sleep , wake up , get ready , get on the bus , sleep , go to school , try not to sleep , get on the bus , try not to sleep , get home , sleep , wake up , shower , talk to Jon , sleep . And it continues . I wish I could stay home tomorrow and get some rest . 
Huge freaking difference between your and you're . 
Rest in peace , my little hamster ... 
Hello , short bangs . You would probably suck less if I would let someone , besides myself , cut you . 
Dislike , LOL ! |: 
Files , we are not friends . 
When I got home and fell asleep , I had nightmares that I was still at project graduation , rofl . 
Having use absolute worst day ever . I hate Kilgore . 
I can't even express how in-awe some tattoos make me . 
I hate people . (: 
I don't know , I just think you're a bad person . 
I am nowhere near enough of a dedicated artist to complete a vector image with photoshop . I am also not enough of an artist to spend $600 on the right software to make it easier . 
When you're as boring as I am and someone interrupts you , that's the que to stop talking . At least I know . ( 8 
I love commercials that show people dancing . 
I really like clocks . 
I love Usher . 
This year has to have been the best in my life . To be honest , I'm not sure if I really want it to end yet . Like it or not , today was pretty much the last day & I'll miss everyone , maybe even the people I hate on . 
I Will Possess Your Heart by Death Cab for Cutie is officially my favorite song at the moment . 
I want to record every episode of Adventure Time . <3 
Happy birthday to me , Laurel Danaé Vinson and Tyler Bradford ! 
I hate couples in horror movies . 
I had the time of my life at prom . Best birthday ever , haha . 
Yep , I miss high school . 
If it's " a relationship with Jesus Christ " and not a religion , why don't you put it in your relationship status instead of your religious views ? 
Coraline is just freaking me out . 
Online shopping last week , shopping two days ago , shopping today , shopping tomorrow . ( 8 
I know that you'll find , love , I will possess your heart . 
You got spark , you , you got spunk . You , you got something all the girls want . 
Someone drive me to Petsmart so I can get my hairless rat . |: 
I technically own a boat . 
Oh darling , understand that everything , everything ends . 
I think I'm going to start watching The Office . 
I didn't think any movie could get to me more than The Notebook , but Remember Me did it . 
So , I got a new car and I just about cried when I adjusted the bass . 
Alice in Wonderland just got a little too Beowulf for me . 
Don't stop doing what you're doing , I will be your something when you're bottled and blue . 
My dad is freaking awesome . 
LOL , everyone and their school . 
I have no idea what to do with myself anymore . Jon leaving is really the most hurtful thing I've ever been put through and this is just the beginning . 
And I railed and I raved that the difference between the sprout and the bean ; it is a golden ring , it is a twisted string . 
LOL , what happened to all my friends ? 
I'm gonna have brand new shoulders before too long . 
Moving all weekend . FML 
Mandy Kramer stopped by the office ! 
Gosh , I'm getting pretty damn sick of this . 
Saturn is the reason for the season . 
I love Twitter . 
I'm developing an immense love for birch trees . 
They told me a man should be faithful , walk when not able and fight til the end . 
Flapjack , what , ending !? 
We become alive in a time of fear and I ain't got no motherfucking time to spare . Cry my eyes out for days upon days , such a heavy burden placed upon me but when you go hard your nay's become yay's ... 
Maybe lunch was a bad idea . Sat in traffic for 10 minutes til a LOVELY person finally let me in . As I'm ordering and beginning to hand the lady my money , one of the press-on's I put on two days ago falls off . When I went to get gas , I accidentally opened my trunk . FOUR TIMES . And I still had to pry the thing open . THEN , as I'm on my way back to work , I spill my drink on myself . FML . 
I hate statuses about love . 
I have the hiccups and , gosh , I sound like a dying cat . 
I like it under my desk . 
Hamster uno today , hamster dos tomorrow . <3 
AND JUST FOR NINA , I'll name the second Fiddy . 
I love ModCloth . 
I'm in it for the reindeer and footie pajamas . 
What's up with so many people being pregnant ? 
My gps decided to take me through the ghetto this morning instead of taking main roads . 
I love Moral Orel . 
Growing old is inevitable , growing up is optional . 
I hate old computers . 
I soon expect an angry mob of religious people to be at my window . 
Happy Valentines Day , Jon Schepis ! I can't even begin to explain how much I'm going to miss you when you're gone . Don't have too much fun without me <3 
You really never know who remembers you . 
Max Bemis lives in Tyler !? AND married one of the girls from Eisley ? Where was I ? 
I have laughed up galaxies , hats and glasses , but I've never met anyone quite like you . 
The comments on the yamboree event page are really getting annoying , " CAN'T WAIT FOR YAM PIE , YEE HAW ! " D ' : 
Super Scribblenauts ! <3 
Raah , raah , like a dungeon dragon . 
Had fun with Courtnie Moody and Erin Kelley today ! 
Weezy's out ! 
" Rain , rain , go away , " that's what all my haters say . 
Happy new year !? Drink responsibly ( yeah right ) , drive safe , don't dare drive drunk cause I'll be driving those streets tonight , too . 
The worst has yet to come ... just one more week . 
Congratulations to my sister , Kelli Katy King , on her sweet baby boy ! <3 
Happy Christmas . 
Is it really necessary to always post things like " Ugh , u made all dese promises </3 your such a jerkk leavin me lyk dat !! I luvd yoou but its 2 late naow !!! U'll b sorriez . Ill fin bettah dan you so whatevz . GOODBYE ! ( Um sad newayz ... ) " Seriously ? Just shut up . 
Hardest thing ever . 
I definitely have two tests to make up on Monday . My two worst subjects , at that . 
" A good world needs knowledge , kindliness , and courage ; it does not need a regretful hankering after the past or a fettering of the free intelligence by the words uttered long ago by ignorant men . " Bertrand Russell 
Now , I desperately want out of Texas . Who would've guessed ? 
I miss my best friend . 
Plane tickets to Philly for May 2nd to the 16th ! <3 
Can't wait to see Jon Schepis a week from now ! 
I have no idea what to do . 
I'm sick of all this stupid change . 
“You really shouldn’t say ‘I love you’ unless you mean it . But if you mean it , you should say it a lot . People forget . ” - Jessica , age 8 
I'm buying Jon an " I Hate Texas " shirt . 
I'm glad I don't have to worry about getting drunk and shit like that . 
Man , today feels like a good day . 
