Daily Tarot -- 1 : Page of Swords / 2 : Justice / 3 : Six of Swords / 4 : Four of Swords / 5 : The Fool / 6 : Ace of Cups / 7 : The Magician / 8 : Queen of Coins / 9 : Seven of Swords / 10 : Three of Swords . { Uh-oh . Too many Swords . This means I'm about to enter in 
" Sometime Around Midnight " - The Airborne Toxic Event . ??? 
OMFG what is WRONG with people ?!? The world is NOT going to end in 2012 . ( Though I really wish it would ... ) 
lives by the sea , and frolics in the autumn mist in a land called Honalee . 
My Daily Tarot Reading : Position 1 : Eight of Swords Position 2 : The High Priestess Position 3 : Ten of Cups Position 4 : King of Coins Position 5 : Page of Wands Position 6 : King of Cups Position 7 : Ace of Wands Position 8 : Nine of Swords Position 9 : Nine of 
? Its funny because Lincoln is Bowie and Cheney is Satan . 
The Earth is bipolar . 
IS TOTALLY GETTING A TAMBOURINE !!! ^_^ 
Lighting up some ylang ylang incense and trying to settle my nerves . O_o 
Daily Tarot -- 1 : The World / 2 : Ace of Swords / 3 : The Lovers / 4 : The Sun / 5 : Knight of Cups / 6 : Page of Cups / 7 : The Emperor / 8 : Nine of Cups / 9 : Ten of Swords / 10 : Seven of Swords . { The 7-o-Swords as Outcome Card really struck me . It symbolizes 
Spending the day @ Hidewriter . : ) 
The reason I talk to myself is because I am the only person whose answers I accept . 
I'm back ! Designed a tattoo for a girl from Australia today . That was pretty awesome . ; ) 
Daily Tarot Reading -- 1 : Ace of Wands / 2 : Temperance / 3 : The Tower / 4 : Eight of Wands / 5 : Five of Cups / 6 : Queen of Swords / 7 : Six of Coins / 8 : The High Priestess / 9 : Two of Swords / 10 : Four of Cups . { More bad news , I fear . 4 o ' Cups indicates a 
No worries , man ! We be jammin'~! ^_^ 
Daily Tarot Reading -- 1 : The Empress / 2 : Five of Cups / 3 : Nine of Swords / 4 : King of Wands / 5 : Ace of Swords / 6 : THE LOVERS (!) / 7 : Five of Swords / 8 : The Moon / 9 : The Hierophant / 10 : THE WORLD !!! { Tee-hee ... just seeing this gives me a warm , fu 
air conditioning ... AIR CONDITIONING !!!! x_O 
is feeling very light-headed ... needs to lie down for a minute ... o_X 
Tarot -- 1 : Ten of Swords / 2 : Two of Coins / 3 : The Emperor / 4 : Three of Cups / 5 : Three of Coins / 6 : Six of Wands / 7 : Six of Cups / 8 : Knight of Cups / 9 : The Hermit / 10 : Death . { Things are looking bright , indeed ! 6-o-Wands means triumph and acclaim 
is gonna rock out on the bass for a while . 
17 seconds of compassion . 17 seconds of peace . 17 seconds to remember love is the energy behind which all is created . 17 seconds to remember all that is good . 17 seconds to forget all your hurt and pain . 17 seconds of faith . 17 seconds to trust you again . 
The Government isn't doing enough to appease the Sun God . 
Those shitheads at Chrysalis Music Group have some nerve parading this book as the COMPLETE Smashing Pumpkins anthology if " The Everlasting Gaze " isn't even in it . Fucking retards . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8RXfy26saR8 
Ever notice that anyone going slower than you is an idiot , but anyone going faster is a maniac ? 
Bettin ' on the bull in the heather . 
I love and treasure individuals as I meet them ; I loathe and despise the groups they identify with and belong to . 
can see Russia from her house ! :D 
working on some left-hand techniques while loading another Carlin video . Yes , I lead a very exciting life . 
US Weekly blocked me . Well ex-ca-yuuuuussseee me for having an opinion ! 
absolutely REFUSES to watch ' Countdown ' if Keith Olbermann isn't hosting ! 
Me and my $100 strat knock-off are gonna go sit in the park and brood for a while . 
Daily Tarot -- 1 : The Hermit / 2 : Eight of Swords / 3 : The Tower / 4 : Ten of Swords / 5 : Two of Coins / 6 : The High Priestess / 7 : Ten of Coins / 8 : Page of Swords / 9 : Three of Coins / 10 : Wheel of Fortune . { Wheel-o-Fortune indicates a personal vision an 
I just tried Googling myself . All I found was this page and my Amazon wish list . Well , so much for that . ; P 
Due to lack of interest , tomorrow has been cancelled . 
First star to the right , straight on till morning . 
I put a dollar in a change machine . Nothing changed . 
" Rhinoceros " - Smashing Pumpkins . But then halfway through the song I lost my train of thought and lapsed into some improv , and then finally into " Paranoid " ( Black Sabbath ) . 
My Daily Tarot Card Reading -- Position 1 : Ten of Cups // Position 2 : Wheel of Fortune // Position 3 : Nine of Cups // Position 4 : Ace of Swords // Position 5 : Queen of Cups // Position 6 : Three of Swords // Position 7 : The Empress // Position 8 : Three of 
found a long-lost sock amidst her jumbled heaping mass of cables . Go figure . Anyways ... ... okay . NOW we're gonna jam . ??? 
The Amazon River is 11,000,000 years old today ! Maybe I should make it a cake , or something ! 
is vaguely upset , but I've no idea why . 
can feel a migraine coming on . Sounds hurt . x_O 
Property is theft . Nobody “owns” anything . When you die , it all stays here . 
Give my regards to whoever it is that is accepting regards at this appointed time . 
How many ways to get what you want ? I use the best , I use the rest . I use the Enemy . I use Anarchy . 
May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house . >:) 
has grudgingly tuned her guitar out of E-flat . ( Stupid sheet music . XP ) 
I caught the bouquet ~~~ ! ? _ ? 
is having trouble sleeping ... -_- 
What Dana's reading right now : http://www.victorianlondon.org/publications/lifein.htm 
MyGameMyTime ! :P 
MY HOROSCOPE : Thinking of doing something different with your hair , body or wardrobe ? Good for you . Change is good for the soul and refreshing to the spirit . Just don't get carried away . You wouldn't want a dear one to walk by you without recognizing you , 
kicking back and listening to some David Bowie . Ah , yes , David Bowie ; the man who taught me how to correctly apply my make-up . *^_^* 
I'm on a Clash binge . Don't bother me . *_* 
has got that song from ' Super Mario World ' stuck in my head . I'm gonna want to kill everything I see today . Includling myself . X_ < 
Most of the time I feel okay . Probably it’s because at the moment I'm not actually dying . 
Every day seems grayer than the day before . 
treated myself to some consignment shopping , and then pizza . Couldn't really finish it , though ; its kinda hard to eat when your tummy is full of butterflies . ? _ ? 
plugging-in and tuning-up . I've gotta change the strings today , though ; so that kind of defeats the purpose . :P 
is so pretty , oh , so pretty , vacant . 
Okay , so its August . Only four months to go until the Solstice . Afterwhich I'll start getting happy again . 
? You've got your mother in a whirl/She's not sure if you're a boy or a girl/Hey babe , your hair's alright/Hey babe , let's go out tonight/You like me and I like it all/We like dancing and we look divine/You love bands when they're playing hard/You want m 
1 : The Chariot / 2 : The Emperor / 3 : Ten of Wands / 4 : Knight of Wands / 5 : Five of Coins / 6 : Nine of Cups / 7 : Seven of Swords / 8 : Eight of Coins / 9 : Seven of Wands / 10 : The Moon . { Well THERE's a paradox : The Chariot ( victory , self-assertion ) crossed 
MY HOROSCOPE : Just when you were sure you'd never , ever hear from them again , guess what ? You'll see or hear from someone who'll mention that this particular missing person has been seen , and that they've mentioned your name . Remember , when you're thinking of someone , it's often because they're thinking of you , too . Prepare yourself to meet up with them , and don't pretend that you're not tickled when it happens . 
Weather forecast for tonight : Dark . Continued dark overnight , with widely scattered light by morning . 
Is it Fall yet ? T.T 
My head is spinning , my heart is racing , my hands are shaking ... I'm a nervous wreck . 
This heat brings to mind a verse or two from a certain Santana song from 1999 in which Rob Thomas did all the singing . O_x 
didn't make it to Lollapalooza . Buzzkill . X_x 
Looks like its gonna be a cloudy night . Go fucking figure . T.T 
Do not meddle in the affairs of Dragons , for you are crunchy and taste good with ketchup . 
There's a scent of optimism in the air ... 
isn't feeling too welll ; spending the day in bed . o_X 
suddenly has an irresistable urge to jump out of a moving car . 
" Dear [ The ] Wallflowers : I realize this note is a decade late , but your version of David Bowie's " Heroes " makes me wish I was dead . Sincerely , Emotionally-scarred . " 
Don't Call me Emo or I'll cry big , juicy tears of blood and pain , then I'll die and it'll be all your fault . 
is looking for three other untalented musicians to start a punk/grunge band . 
I broke another pick . ... ... ... ... ... Perhaps I may be strumming too hard . :P 
getting out the wah-wah pedal . ??? 
has a craving for Tic-Tacs . 
Swimming is not a sport -- swimming is a way to keep you from drowning . X_X 
is tired today . Too much " Rock The Casbah " , I think . lolz . I'm probably gonna go back to sleep once all of my crap is taken care of . -_- < ... zzzz 
Its not a halo ; I'm radioactive . 
Gravity makes the world go ' round . 
had a dream the other night , where I was all alone in the dark walking alongside an ocean ; but I couldn't see it because there were a bunch of trees in the way . 
thinking about doing some Limewire to-nite ; there's a song by Endless Hallway that I really want . *_~ 
There's either a problem with Facebook or my computer ; it only lets me log on at noon . 
The biggest jerk at Hidewriter is mere inches away from being ousted . That's good for me , since I'm gunning for his job . Oh yes . I rule . 
Okay , now I can't find my slider . Tch ! Karma doesn't love me at all today . >_< 
RIDDLE ME THIS -- Why would the Government tape over the original " Moon Landing " footage if the entire thing wasn't bloody faked ?! 
R . I . P Edward Kennedy , for you were far more important than Michael Jackson and you will most likely achieve Nirvana lightyears before Jacko is ever put into the ground . 
is live from her mom's computer , which is WAAAAYY faster than mine . * ugh * Jealous ~ ! 
is pretty sure its Tuesday . *_o 
My neck is killing me . Should probably get a new mattress . X_o 
downloaded " Candle in the Wind " by Elton John . The Princess Diana version . I was gonna get the original , but then I remembered that I don't give a flying frig about Marilyn Monroe . 
Cheez-its taste like Nectar of the f*% #ing Gods when you have a cold . I can't get enough of ' em ! *_~ 
having some coffee and listening to music . ( David Bowie - " Changes " ) ??? 
has a brand-f*$ #ing -new pick guard , but it just doesn't fit my piece of crap Strat ' knock-off . Dilemmas , dilemmas ... 
Autumn sunshine . ... I can't really say I hate it , since its practically identical in angle and intensity to Spring sunshine . At least its not Winter sunshine , which thankfully only lasts for one day . 
spent the day organizing and updating media collection . 
The infection has moved into my chest . [ I've ] been coughing like crazy all day . 
has had this overpowering urge to listen to LiVE lately ; who , I might add , are most certainly NOT a Christian band . Anyone who thinks that LiVE is a Christian band has obviously never listened to ' Mental Jewelry ' . 
Daily Tarot Reading -- 1 : Eight of Swords / 2 : Five of Cups / 3 : The Moon / 4 : Five of Wands / 5 : Three of Cups / 6 : The Magician / 7 : Ace of Swords / 8 : Knight of Coins / 9 : Page of Wands / 10 : Seven of Coins . { 8 of Swords CONTINUES to show itself . This 
F.Y.I. : Diana , Princess of Wales , died twelve years ago this week . Let us see how many people recall that . ?? Okay , there's one ... 
Beethoven was so hard of hearing , he thought he was a painter . 
I wanna live . I don’t wanna die . That’s the whole meaning of life : NOT dying ! I figured that shit out by myself in the third grade . 
FRITOOOOOOOS !! { That's what Braveheart would yell in the slacker version of the movie of the same name . } 
Got a phone call from my uncle Donald . From what I can gather , it looks like his brother , my other uncle , John is getting ready to kick it . He's only 63 . 
All dressed up and nowhere to go . 
Daily Tarot Reading -- 1 : Knight of Coins / 2 : The Chariot / 3 : Two of Swords / 4 : Ace of Swords / 5 : The Hermit / 6 : Strength / 7 : Nine of Coins / 8 : Queen of Cups / 9 : Two of Coins / 10 : Ten of Swords . { When I first laid these out I was not loving that 
wears sunglasses at night . 
could sure go for a game of chess right now ; but I'm the only one in the house who knows how to play . So I guess I'll be playing against myself -- which wouldn't be so bad if I didn't keep losing track of which side's turn it is . 
ain't feeling too good . Spending the day in bed . X_o 
finished playing with the wah-wah pedal . Now plugging in the flanger ( my personal favorite . ^_^ ) ??? 
is bogged down with a sinus infection . o_X 
A house is just a place to keep your stuff while you go out and get more stuff . 
When Chuck Norris looks at the Sun , the Sun goes blind . 
is feeling a trifle feverish ... o_O 
I believe that the cone is the most disturbing shape geometry has to offer . I can't help but feel a little creeped out whenever I see one . 
is ready for another fun-filled day of idiosyncrasies . ;) 
I was going to burn all of my yearbooks , but I went to get a sandwich , and then the phone rang ; the next thing I knew it was four years later and I hadn't burned my yearbooks . I finished looking through them just now . All seven of them . And I'm kinda glad I didn't burn my yearbooks . 
is seriously lacking in ambition today . -_- 
God bless the homicidal maniacs -- they make life worthwile . 
Mikey F*#%ng Way . 
When there's no future how can there be sin ? We're the flowers in the dustbin . We're the poison in your human machine . We're the future ; your future . 
... let's just say my expectations are almost non-existent . 
My guitar gently weeps . 
Had much much fun today . Got a mini-makeover ; my hair is super short and super blonde now . Afterwards I popped in @Hidewriter , got sum happy birthdayness there . :P 
No one puts Swayze in a corner . Except for maybe the Grim Reaper . ( 1952-2009 ) 
MY HOROSCOPE : Don't hold back your feelings for a single second longer . Everyone wants to hear all about them , especially the person who's inspired your happiness . Besides , you're feeling so darned good , it's written all over your face . Share the wealth . It's not fair to keep all that stuff to yourself . Can't the rest of us have a little bit of it ? So we can walk a mile in your glass slippers ? 
Its gonna be one of those sleepy days , I can feel it . 
playing around with a completely random tuning -- D# , F# , B , E , G# , B . I'm trying to come up with my own sound ; and this is TOTALLY demented . @_@ 
The spirit was moving me to do another Tarot reading , so I did ; and this is what I got -- 1 : The Star / 2 : Knight of Coins / 3 : Seven of Coins / 4 : Four of Cups / 5 : The Fool / 6 : Justice / 7 : Six of Coins / 8 : The Chariot / 9 : King of Coins / 10 : King of Wands . 
?? Puff the Magic Dragon lived by the sea , and something something something , he is smoking weed ~ ??. 
Save a drum -- bang a drummer . 
Half a bee ( philosophically ) must ipso-facto half not be . But half the bee has got to be vis-a-vee its entity . But can a bee be said to be or not to be an entire bee when half the bee is not a bee due to some ancient injury ? 
I don't live -- I inhale ; I don't give -- I unveil ... 
So its come to this -- I've been reduced to relying heavily on Wiccan magick . Which has a coin toss's chance of being at all effective . My , oh my , the mighty have fallen . 
A Mormon showed up at my doorstep at 9 fucking 30 this morning . Yeah , my day's off to a great start . XP 
Ground Control to Major Tom , your circuit's dead ; there's something wrong . Can you hear me , Major Tom ...? Can you hear me , Major Tom ...? Can you hear me , Major Tom ...? 
The Who / Rolling Stones / Fleetwood Mac / The Kinks / Golden Earring / Tom Petty / Meat Loaf / Heart / The Yardbirds / Rod Stewart / Bonnie Tyler / The Knack / AC/DC / Moody Blues / Grateful Dead . 
is just now waking up . How wonderful for me . ;P 
is dead on the inside . -_- 
is in a psycho-dellic state of mind . *_* 
How about a little fire , Scarecrow ? 
HOORAY FOR MOST THINGS !!!! ^_^ 
Last night I dreamt I was being attacked by a giant centipede . Well , not reeeaaally attacked ; more like I was screaming at it and beating the little fucker with a shoe . 
slept for most of the day ; now I feel pretty . *_~ 
having some coffee and thinking about what to do today . 
What the Hell is going on with music these days ?! Now Oasis is splitting up ?!? NO ! NO I WILL NOT ACCEPT THIS MADNESS !!!! 
is gonna take a nap . Then maybe later I'll do something constructive . 
If it pleases , I would like to wager $10 US on the following scenario : 2012 comes . 2012 goes . The world is fine . Nobody dies . Nothing even remotely catastrophic happens . And The History Channel files for bankruptcy for buying into this lunacy in the first place . 
I asked my Magic 8-Ball a very important question and all it said was " ? " . See , this is why nobody buys those things anymore . 
Blessed be the Giver , Cursed be the Thief ; May Fortune smile upon the True , And Liars come to Grief . 
A dream of mine : me , a camera , and my own show on public access television . Lemme show Tim & Eric how its done . ;P 
The system is fine . Nothing is wrong . 
Tornado warning a few hours ago , but there was no tornado . A damn shame , too ; I was totally looking forward to it . 
is a pathetic , miserable slacker who is probably going to die alone because she is incapable of feeling empathy and cannot relate to other people . There , I said it . XP 
has a date with the Perseids to-nite . Depending on if the weather c o-o perates , of course . 
' Yoshi's Safari ' , when played using that ridiculous SuperScope , is a pain in the ass . However , when played on the computer , as an illegal ROM , using the mouse , ' Yoshi's Safari ' becomes one of the easiest games in existance . 
playing some more of those motherfucking covers that I can't seem to shake off , like a fucking cancerous disease . 
Capitalism tries for a delicate balance : It attempts to work things out so that everyone gets just enough stuff to keep them from getting violent and trying to take other people’s stuff . 
I've got my Halloween costume all figured out . ( Ah , yes ; my foresight has always been legendary . ) I'm going as Joey Ramone ! Sheena is indeed a punk rocker . 
needs to conjure up some stiff motivation and attack my bedroom with a broom and duster . I don't know what it is about my little slice of paradise ( sarcasm ) that makes me put my Spring cleaning off until Fall , but it is definitely taxing for my allergies . 
finished sooner than I thought ! 59:51:42 worth of music . That's 864 songs . That's 3.28 gigs . All taken care of in record time . ;) 
wrote a song . Really just a power chord progression in G-major . I called it " Hexagon " . Because I can . 
How come Miss Universe is always an Earthling ? That isn't exactly fair to the Alpha Centaurians , is it ? 
Y'know what a cool word is ? " Turpentine " . I just think its fun to say . ;P 
... And for dinner -- a glass of milk and a great big box of fruit-by-the-foot . Doesn't get any better than that . Oh , the joys of living as a starving artist . :P 
Now , I don't really believe in this kind of stuff , but a thought just struck me : What if AIG , Big Pharma , and their like are the " Antichrist ? " I'm serious about this . I challenge anyone to give Revelations a good flip-through to see if I'm right . Which I usually am . 
One tequila , two tequila , three tequila , floor . 
My tie-dye-colored pick magically re-appeared , so I guess I'll jam for a bit . 
If at first you don't succeed , scream , kick , throw things , swallow a fistful of aspirin , cry yourself to sleep , wake up twelve hours later , and try again . ' Tis a simple philosophy , but I've always found it useful . 
has just updated to Limewire 5.2.13 . Of course , now I need transfer all of my music files into the library . Should be done @ about midnight . 
Recent downloads : Endless Hallway - " A Bad Current " / Owl City - " Fireflies " / Iron Butterfly - " In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida " . An oldie but a goodie . ;) 
What is " Reality " ? Why is there a " Universe " ? Come on , Michio Kaku ; give me an answer ... * X_x 
Dusting is a good example of the futility of trying to put things right . As soon as you dust , the fact of your next dusting has already been established . 
Snow . Damn it . Well , that's it for me I guess . I am now officially in hibernation . 
Green Day / Steve Miller / Barenaked Ladies / Alien Ant Farm / Seether / David Bowie / Manic Street Preachers . 
Chuck Norris does not wear a watch ; HE decides what time it is . 
The new Limewire interface infuriates and confuses me , so I downgraded back to 4.18.8 . If you're ever on , all files belonging to me are signed S*h*a*n*g*r*i *~~* L*a . My collection is the best open-source collection there is . (* wink , wink *) 
Columbus Day is not a holiday . Period . 
After two or three more blonde treatments , I'm a-going to be dying my hair blue . Blue like the color of this electronic tuner sitting on my desk . You can't see it , though ; because its on my desk . 
These boots were made for walkin ' , and that's just what they'll do . One o ' these days these boots are gonna walk all over you . 
took a nap , fed the cats , fed the bird , ate my din-din , and now its MSNBC time . ;P 
reeeeeeeeeaaaallllly didn't want to wake up so early , but since the cat just threw up on my bed I didn't exactly have a choice . XP 
Q : " Do you believe the 2012 Mayan prophecy ? " 12% said " Yes " , 46% said " Maybe " , 42% said " No " . It's that 12% that boggles the mind ; the Mayans predicted NO SUCH THING . ( ?? And I think to myself , " What a wonderful world ~."??) 
I can count to purple ! 
Here’s a bumper sticker I’d like to see : “We are the proud parents of a child who’s self-esteem is sufficient that he doesn’t need us promoting his minor scholastic achievements on the back of our car . ” 
Miriah quit Hidewriter this afternoon , ergo screwing me out of the only real employment prospect I had ; without the benefits that go along with nepotism I can kiss being " stencil girl " goodbye . May Jim burn in Hell . 
So , Miriah has referred me to this dude she knows named " Noah " . We're gonna set up a time and place to meet this alleged " Noah " character and , if I likeys the look of ' im , I will seriously consider him to be my lawfully wedded drummer . 
doesn't have health insurance . Senators . 
Blue Oyster Cult / Moby / The Velvet Underground / Iced Earth / The New Amsterdams / Placebo / Less Than Jake / Big Audio Dynamite . 
The stupid cat won't let me sleep ; so I guess I'll listen to some music . 
The very existence of flamethrowers proves that sometime , somewhere , someone said to themselves , “You know , I want to set those people over there on fire , but I’m just not close enough to get the job done . ” 
KISS THIS . 
just woke up from a nap ... but I don't at all remember going to sleep . Anyways , I had a dream that I was in an animal shelter , and I was petting a giant , hairless , laughing rabbit . 
MY guitar doesn't have colored buttons on the fretboard . 
Riding through the desert on a horse with no name . 
Mum thought her truck was stolen . She was absolutely positively convinced her truck was stolen . She had her keys , purse , money and medications in that truck . She calls the police . She tells them her truck was stolen . She wanders around town looking for her stolen truck . Lo and behold ! it was right where she parked it . 
Gonna be spending my birthday at Mum's house . We're gonna have pizza , listen to music , and see if we can fix this massacre that I loosely refer to as " hair " . That's what I get for cutting it myself , I guess . 
Coffee and a pop-tart , then its gee-tar time ~ ! ^_^ 
My life is a lot like ' The Twisted Tales of Spike McFang ' ; mindlessly collecting tomatoes and killing evil garlic cloves by throwing my hat at them . 
MSNBC's airing a documentary about Jonestown tonight . I've always had this fascination with Jim Jones ; I never ever miss a show about him . 
When the Yankees cheat , the whole world looks the other way . Terrible . 
Pika-Pika ! Pikachu ! ? ^ ? · . · ? ^ ? 
Alright , got into one of my " moods " last night ; but I think I'm okay now . 
I'm a clone . I know I'm fine . I'm one of more on the way . I'm two , doctor . Three's on the line . He'll take incubation another day . I'm all alone , so are we all . We're all clones . All are one and one are all . 
He who makes a beast out of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man . 
" Wait a minute , this isn't ' Fair and Balanced ' AT ALL !! " -- Captain Obvious , after viewing FOXNoise for one whole , dreadful hour . 
Been kicking around some band names in my head . I've narrowed it down to " NecropAnzer " , " The Victorians " , and " Ichabod Krane " . Personally , I'm leaning toward that last one . If I could JUST round-up three other untalented musicians to go along with me ... 
TEARGARDEN BY KALEIDYSCOPE !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
What sucks about writing a really great riff is that , after writing that really great riff , you need to have ANOTHER really great riff . 
I got soul but I'm not a soldier . 
... Okay , Miriah's mad at me for God-only-knows why , so I guess that meeting with Noah is off . Well , tit for tat ! I can find a drummer WITHOUT her . 
Two friends named See and Saw . One day , see saw sea and jumped into sea . Saw didn't see sea but jumped into sea . See saw Saw in sea and Saw saw See in sea . See and Saw both were happy in sea . 
Jim is very sorry , and Miriah got her job back . 
So my uncle Donald and aunt Betty had uncle John in the car with them and were heading back to Ohio . Out on the highway , Donald looks back at John and asks him if he would like a snack or anything . John answers , " I WANT A GRILLED CHEESE SANDWICH . " This kind of flakiness runs long and deep in both sides of my family . 
I go to feed the cats this morning , when I notice that one of them is holding a mouse between his teeth . Luckily , the little thing is still alive . When he put it down to eat it ran away and I tried to save it . I don't know where it is now . 
Feeling nostalgic today . The Doors / Electric Light Orchestra / Alice Cooper / The Animals / Creedence Clearwater Revival / Elton John / Big Brother and the Holding Company . 
Chess is a lot like war , only cheaper . It's the perfect game for America ; a country that's very warlike and dead-ass broke . That being said , my record stands at 2-5 . 
Sunlight in Spring time is bright and cheerful , but sunlight in Fall is sad and depressing . Which is weird , because its the exact same light at the exact same angle at the exact same intesity . The difference between them is purely in the mind . 
Q : " Don't you think Jack White and Johnny Depp look alike ? " A : " No . Johnny Depp is hot ; Jack White looks inbred . " 
Sic gorgiamus allos subjectatos nunc . 
Methinks I have a fever ... o_X 
After being busted all Summer , the furnace is FINALLY working . 
Boxing is a more sophisticated form of hockey . 
Heard this afternoon that my uncle John was just diagnosed with kidney cancer . They say he has a little over a week left . 
The first track off of ' Teargarden ' should be out today . Time to go look for it . ( Oh , Mr. Corgan you've always made such great music ; I KNOW I won't be disappointed . ^_^ ) 
I think it would do wonders for society if everyone spontaneously broke into song once in a while . (* Jaaaazz Haaaaandssss *) 
My uncle Donald is coming to visit from Ohio this week . Oh goodie , I can hardly wait . T_T 
Listening to music you don't know by bands you've never heard of on a PC bigger than your whole bloody house . 
99 Jahre Krieg / Liessen keinen Platz fuer Sieger/ Kriegsminister gibt es nicht mehr / Und auch keine Duesenflieger / Heute zieh ich meine Runden / Seh die Welt in Truemmern liegen/ Hab ' nen Luftballon gefunden / Denk ' an Dich und lass ' ihn fliegen . 
Another day . Another waste . Nothing done . At a snail's pace . Tch ! Right . To say I'm moving " at a snail's pace " is , frankly , an insult to snails . We're talking more like continental drift miles-per-hour , here . That's okay ; the weekend's coming up -- I do my best thinking on the weekends . o_O 
Movie I'm most looking forward to : ' The Men Who Stare At Goats ' . Meee-eee-eeehhh ~ . 
Howie was fired , Freddy's in jail , Tammi is incompetant , Jim is a tweeker-pillhead , and Miriah is so fed up with ALL of them that last night she walked out and never looked back . I'd give Hidewriter another month , at least ; then I think its time to " pull the plug on Grandma " , so to speak . 
Chocolate , coffee , and ' Law & Order ' . Then some guitar later . 
Lee Harvey Oswald didn't act alone . The fatal shot came from the grassy knoll . 
" To dream of the internet , signifies your need to connect and communicate with a larger network of people . The dream may be highlighting the importance of networking . Consider the types or names of the websites you were looking at for additional significance . " Thanks , I'll keep that in mind . 
One day , our country shall look back at this time and wonder to themselves with awe at how on Earth we made it through The Great Waffle Shortage Of 2009 . ( Who's the Greatest Generation NOW , Granny ?!?! ) 
At least , thanks to your constant fawning , I have an excuse for my social ineptness . What's yours ? 
How much to join Team " Twilight Sucks " ? >_< 
Fighting for peace is like screwing for virginity . 
Just think -- Right now , as you read this , some guy somewhere is gettin ' ready to hang himself . 
Gone to my dark place . Be back soon . 
I like to think of my bedroom as Mini-Stonehenge . At noon on the day of the Winter Solstice , the Sun will be in perfect alignment with the exact center of my window , which faces south . 
Oh no , only one week ' til Halloween and I'm still missing some crucial pieces to my outfit ... I guess I'll be pulling out my emergency Andy Warhol costume instead . XP 
Tick , tock , tick , tock ... the clock on the wall reads as 8:15 in the a.m. , citing the fact that I refuse to acknowledge the existance and practice of this so-called " Daylight Savings Time " . 
?? There ain't no rest for the wicked . Money don't grow on trees . I got bills to pay , I got mouths to feed , there ain't nothing in this world for free . Y'know I can't slow down , I can't hold back , though you know I wish I could . There ain't no rest for the wicked , until we close our eyes for good . ?? 
The days are much too bright ; I only come out at night . *_* 
You show me a tropical fruit , and I'll show you a c*cks*cker from Guatemala . 
?? Boom-deeada , boom-deeada , boom-deeada , boom-deeada ...?? ( Oh , screw you , Discovery Channel ! ) 
I'm a professional cynic , but my heart's not in it . 
Currently listening : Elton John - " Philadelphia Freedom " . Yeah , you heard me . Wanna fight about it ? 
My uncle John died last night ... ... funeral in Cincinatti . 
Pretty lazy day today ; locked myself away in my room and played cards for about six straight hours . Haden , Scarab , Flower Garden , Canfield , and others of the like . 
I guess if I were coerced into picking one thing in the entire world to be even remotely thankful for ... I would choose Miss Piggy . Because of her I have a positive female role model in my life . :P 
I've got Macy Gray's voice stuck in my head , for some reason . 
ANSWER : " The Pussycat Dolls , Kanye West , Miley Cyrus , Heidi Montag , Clay Aiken , Usher , Britney Spears , and Taylor Swift . " QUESTION : " Um ... Who are musicians who suck so monumentally that it really , truly amazes me that the Earth and any surrounding planets and quite possibly a good bit of the Afterlife have not yet been swallowed entirely ? " 
Current mood : Exhausted . ( Just put a new old carpet in my room , which turns out to have been exactly the catalyst I needed to clean this place up . You know you have one sorry excuse for a bedroom when you can pick the dust up off the floor with your hands . ) 
Bless the Joy Division , I love ' em to death , but in my humble opinion I think Brandon Flowers's version of " Shadowplay " is superior to the origional . 
I want every single one of those damn Yankees piss tested . NOW . 
“One thing leads to another” ? Not always . Sometimes one thing leads to the same thing . Ask an addict . 
A&E , then some music . 
In a world rife with dogma , war , and superstition , there's only one way to fight back . I'm starting my own cult . Thank you . 
Having some coffee and feeling like crap . X_o 
Jackie Blue . 
Writing a song about a cactus ... ...? That sounds like fun . 
The real reason that we can’t have the Ten Commandments in a courthouse : You cannot post “Thou shalt not steal , ” “Thou shalt not commit adultery , ” and “Thou shalt not lie” in a building full of lawyers , judges , and politicians . It creates a hostile work environment . 
Swimming is not a sport . Swimming is a way to keep from drowning . 
Testing ... check , one two ... test test ... is this thing on ? * feedback * 
HIDEWRITER HAS FILED FOR BANKRUPTCY . 
Just deleted my Myspace page . The relief felt within my psyche was instantaneous . ??? 
Changed my hair from blond(ish ) to black(ish ) . I say ( ish ) because it never quite comes out the way I want it . :P 
Thinking about organizing my bookshelves and rumaging through my dresser . 
Lit up some lavender incense in the hopes that I can get creative today . ( What I REALLY want to do is record a demo ... but I'm afraid of what it might sound like . X_X ) 
Cloud nine gets all the publicity , but cloud eight actually is cheaper , less crowded , and has a better view . 
THIS SH*T IS BANANAS ! B-A-N-A-N-A-S ! 
I was thinking about how people seem to read the Bible a whole lot more as they get older ; then it dawned on me - they're cramming for their final exam . 
Frisbeetarianism is the belief that when you die , your soul goes up on the roof and gets stuck . 
Nagchampa incense , and some think-time . -_- 
The best thing about living at the water’s edge : You only have a**holes on three sides of you , and if they come this way you can hear them splash . 
TWiLiGHT POLL : " Werewolves or Vampires ? " MY ANSWER : " A cohesive stroryline and characters I don't want to kick in the nuts . " 
I got a badminton racket stuck in a tree once . I threw the other one at it to knock it back down ... Ended up losing THAT one , too . Afterwhich I realized that badminton wasn't for me so I took up chess instead . Thus concludes my interesting story . 
I had a dream last night that I was playing chess and the white queen split in half . 
If all our national holidays were observed on Wednesdays , we could wind up with nine-day weekends . 
Now that Hidewriter has ceased to be , Miriah and I are considering going into the tattoo business for ourselves . Miriah ( hands down ) is the best tattooist in the area and she's got mad support on her side . 
( Did Frank Black eat Black Francis ?... Dude , get back with The Pixies . I liked you best when you were with The Pixies . ) 
Howie got fired and Freddy's in prison . Ah yes , there's never a dull moment . 
I never really liked sunny days . 
Patchouli incense , pretending I did NOT just hear some MAN on TV talking about MENOPAUSE . Exactly how many hot flashes have YOU had , Sir ??? T_T 
Been listening to Bohemian Rhapsody ALL . FRICKING . DAY . LONG . Bizmillah ! We will not let you go ! O_o 
A shot of dopamine thru my cerebellum . And I feel fine . 
!!!!!!! Corgan going out with Jessica Simpson ?!?!?! LALALALLLAAA I CAN'T HEAR YOU LALALALALALAAL I'M NOT LISTENING LALALALALALALLAAAAALLALAAA 
Downloading ' Last Chaos ' , which is something I really want to play . The only problem is that it requires a broadband connection and DirectX 11 ; both of which I do not have . But I'm going to see if I can force it . >:P 
I'm always learning something new . Up until today I had no idea you could deep-fry coconut . O_O 
I've never seen a homeless person with a bottle of Gatorade . 
Celebrating the Solstice the only way I know how -- incense and Hüsker Dü . 
My Horoscope !!! : You're not the type of person who indulges in romantic fantasy ; not unless it's backed by what just might be an entirely possible truth . You have the chance now to make a dream come true by paying attention to what your heart is telling y 
Been having a lot of very strange dreams lately . I'd love to talk about it , but I'm not a mental case and Facebook isn't a shrink . 
Ceiling Cat is watching you . 
I think uncle John's viewing is today . The actual funeral isn't until next month , so he'll most likely be cremated by then . 
Oh , yes ; it wouldn't be a holiday without Miriah going off half-cocked as she usually does . Now it's just getting sad . 
When you get right down to it , basically our Two-Party System is a bowl of s# ! % looking at itself in the mirror . 
Santa has somehow delivered presents to all the people in the world every Christmas , even though the laws of physics dictate that he would be an incinerated and crushed pile of ashes by now , along with all his reindeer . Ho ho ho , indeed . 
Did you know that there's no other word for " thesaurus " ? Ironic . O.O 
The call came in last night -- Hidewriter is officially closed . All the best artists have left , they can't pay the rent , and Jim is too strung-out on happy pills to care . On a similar note : Thank you , Cartoon Network for bringing back Looney Toons . I really missed my Tweety . :P 
Now that I have my new Warlock ( as seen in my avatar ) , the only problem left is what to do with that six-stringed lie that dares masquerade as an instrument . I'm thinking maybe some large rocks are in order ... perhaps some fireworks of the illegal variety ... and maybe get some 1812 Overture playing in the background and watch it go smashie-smashie . That'll be my New Year celebration . 
There's a warning label on the back of my incense that says it contains an agent that can cause cancer and birth defects . That being said , I have just lit up some more Patchouli . (<-- What ? Me worry ? ) 
is listening to Magazine's ' Secondhand Daylight ' ( 1979 ) . 
It's so cooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooolllllddddddd ... X.X 
Every time that I look at myself , I can't believe how awesome I am ! 
Okay , now I have people asking me to join anti-Muslim groups . The very next person who forwards me something as ignorant as this ( or concerning FARMVILLE ) will be unfriended immediately . So knock it off . 
is Away From Keyboard . 
Dancing for the death of an imaginary enemy . 
Rocks were first domesticated around the Stone Age , where they were trained to do tedious mind-numbing tasks like breaking other rocks to make rocks for breaking other rocks . 
Well , so much for Jim and Tammi leaving town . They got as far as friggin ' Seelyville before they started harrassing us again . 
I opened Internet Explorer and got a message warning me that my homepage ( Yahoo ) contains a trojan . So I started a virus scan . Barely 1% complete and it's found 20 different viruses . No idea how this could've happened . 
Jefferson Airplane , then sleep . ( Spent the past three days playing ' Dothack ' . Perhaps I can still salvage the rest of the week . ) 
Daily Tarot -- 1 : Five of Wands / 2 : King of Cups / 3 : Strength / 4 : Knight of Swords / 5 : Queen of Coins / 6 : Knight of Wands / 7 : King of Coins / 8 : Ace of Cups / 9 : The Sun / 10 : Queen of Wands . { Today , the spread consists almost entirely of Court card 
COPY THIS INTO YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU !!!! 1 = crazy , 2=i'd marry you , 3 = talkative , 4 = sarcastic , 5 = i miss you , 6 = club head , 7 = moody , 8 = dumb , 9 = mouthy , 10 = spoiled , 11 = random , 12 = hot , 13 = funny , 14 = fit , 15 = amazing , 16 = tough , 17 = cute , 18 = gf/bf type , 19 = player , 20 = i love you , 21 = gorgeous , 22 = the best , 23 = cool 
It took about ? years , but I can finally unload that piece of crap that dares call itself a " guitar " . This afternoon I acquired a black B.C. Rich-brand axe ; third hand and in miraculous condition . No whammy bar though , so that kinda sucks . 
It's like living in a frat house ; one cat throws up , the other runs right over and eats it . 
An awesome G-major power chord progression tuned down 1/2 step with full palm mute and a few acciaccaturas thrown in for good measure and me without a tape to record it on . DAMN YOU , SERENDIPITY ! YOU NEVER LIKED ME ! EVER !!!!! ... ... Better go tab it out while it's still in my head . O_o 
I've got $2.30 on me right now ; that's more than adequate to satisfy my Gummi Bear craving . 
Absolutely nothing to do right now ... ... Maybe I'll play the " Guess what card I'm thinking of ? " game again . ( It's the 8 ?. Wow , I'm good at this . ) 
Happy m ----- f --- ing New Year's everybody ! Let's try not to screw up too badly this time . ;P 
Eating leftover spaghetti and watching DATELINE on TLC . I remember the good ol ' days when TLC was " The Learning Channel " . I don't know what the f#% ! it is they're trying to do now . ¬_¬ 
Let's get this over with . 
Today , a milestone . America's first Bush-free 9/11 . Feels different , doesn't it ? I could sit here , pull apart Dubya's lies , and lay down the real reason the administration allowed 9/11 to happen , but without the fear of being spirited away to Gitmo in the middle of the night , where's the fun in that ? 
Watching the Haiti coverage on MSNBC . Biden just finished speaking . 
Honesty may be the best policy , but it’s important to remember that apparently , by elimination , dishonesty is the second-best policy . 
Section T , sub-section LZ45 , amendment K 4.6 in the Official Chess Rulebook allows you to throw a tantrum , scatter all of the pieces and to claim that your opponent was cheating the entire time if you lose . 
preparing a classic rock mix as a gift for my mum's birthday , which is Thursday . Really hope she likes it . ;) 
For some reason , WMP won't let me burn CDs ; it'll go half way and then all of a sudden stop and spit the disc out . So I have to do it through Roxio . 
WOULD PEOPLE PLEASE STOP INVITING ME TO PLAY FARMVILLE ??? I DON'T WANT TO PLAY M ----- F --- ING FARMVILLE !!!! 1 !! 1 ! 11 ! >_< 
Not since Pot v . Kettle has the Supreme Court presided over a more important case than Raccoon Tail v . Super Mario Cape . 
Scotsmen who live over the age-expectancy of 76 run the risk of choking on their own accent . 
And a little bit of good news ... Heard today that some tattoo guy from the city is planning on renting the Hidewriter building , and wants Miriah to work for him . 
There's a " For Rent " sign in the window at Hidewriter , and Jim and Tammi have left town . So Miriah and I are thinking about possibly renting that space for our OWN tattoo shop . 
Well , my week is certainly off to a great start . My computer contracted a worm this morning , and I've been unable to log on all day . So I'm " broadcasting " ( if you will ) from the Library for now , until I can afford to get my computer fixed . However long that might take . 
If we truly are alone in the universe , then I would say that the universe aimed rather low and settled for very little . 
Locusts and grasshoppers are the same creature . They've got two names because screaming " I curse ye with a plague of GRASSHOPPERS ! " simply has no gravitas whatsoever 
Violence is not the answer . But it raises a lot of new and interesting questions . 
is getting very very restless . *_* 
Dear Olympics Committee : Fuck Rio . 
Oh happy day , our long national nightmare is over ! They've finally developed a cure for ... ... skinny eyelashes . Way to go , wonders of American science . Way to go . ¬_¬ 
Hanging out at my mom's place today , since my computer is still sick and all my Facebook communication was cut . Worm . Win32 . NetSky is a bitch . On a happier note , Miriah and I are looking into getting a loan to open our tattoo shop . We're considering taking the old Subway building on Route 6 over Hidewriter , because it may be much cheaper . 
The heat is out . AGAIN . Will be staying at my mom's house until further notice . >:( 
... Et dans le Land de star-croisés amoureux et les Wanderers stériles de cœur , à jamais perdu dans missives délaissée et pull de Satan , nous recherchons la unseekable et nous parler de l'innommable . Nos espoirs morts , la collecte de la poussière à la poussière dans la foi , dans la compassion , et dans l'amour ... 
System of a Down . 
I'M AFRAID OF AMERICANS ! I'M AFRAID OF THE WORLD ! I'M AFRAID I CAN'T HELP IT ! I'M AFRAID I CAN'T ...! 
Jim and Tammi are selling happy pills . The bills aren't being paid and the shoppe is going under . If they want Hidewriter to fold , fine by me ; just don't expect me to be partied to it . 
A comparison I never want to see again , via Y ! A : " Who is better -- David Bowie or Jonas Brothers ? " Pitiful , pitiful to even put forward such a thing . Bowie would drag the Jonas Brothers down to Hell and suck out their bone marrow . ( Stupid internet ; its like everywhere I turn I have to deal with more motherf*cking Tweeners . Though I really can't say its their FAULT -- they aren't old enough to know what " taste " is . ) 
Never has there been a word that describes the process so well -- " poli " meaning " many " and " tics " meaning " bloodsucking vermin " . 
Let's see ... I've got Patchouli , Nagchampa , Apple-Cranberry , Ylang Ylang , Lavender , Blackberry , Rose , Lotus , Mulberry , Gardenia , and Opium . My room smells like a whorehouse . 
Am I the only one who's not surprised that ' Nine ' is being pulled from theatres ? Anything that has Fergie in it is an automatic fail . 
The furnace guy is here . Finally . 
Nothing says " I'm better than you and I know it " more than dropping a line of Wordsworth into a conversation . No matter how irrelevant the actual line is . 
Look Out Tea-Party GOP Red Sate Conservatives ; Muslims are coming to eat your children . 
This month is my one-year Facebook anniversary ! Hooray for me ! ^-^ 
Spending tonight and tomorrow at my Mummy's house . :) 
Have some mother-daughter activities planned for today ; which , when literally translated , means an entire day of shopping !!!! ^_^ 
I'm standing in the cemetary , checking my phone . It's dark now . The stars are shining . I happen to look up , and , for a brief moment , I had completely forgotten where I am . 
keeps wondering when my heart and mind will finally agree . 
My job is to comfort the disturbed and disturb the comfortable . 
No , I am of perfectly sound mind ; it's everyone around me that is a trifle koo-koo . 
Buddy Holly is alive and well on Ganymede . 
I am an elastic firecracker . 
I think its hilarious that 30 seconds after a person joins one of those inane dating sites , some random idiot somewhere in cyberspace instantaneously falls madly in love with them . TOTALLY normal behavior . 
I have CDO . It's like obsessive-compulsive disorder , except the letters are arranged alphabetically ; the way it's supposed to be . 
" Starved to death in a land of plenty " 
So , Chelsea Clinton married an investment banker . By the power invested in me , I now pronounce you man and lobbyist . 
“Christianity is the most ridiculous , the most absurd , and bloody religion that has ever infected the world . ” -- Voltaire 
My cousin Rishi works on that oil rig that exploded . He wasn't hurt , or anything , but still ... 
Happy Easter everyone ! I hope Santa brought you everything you wished for ! ^_ ~ 
HOORAY FOR MOST THINGS !! ^_^ 
Feeling like an absolute mess this morning . The ill-advised combination of Velveeta and menstruation has left me unable to function . X_X 
Getting my new phone today ! I've been contemplating choosing the Samsung Solstice . 
Take on me ~~~ Take me on ~~~ I'll be gone , in a day or two ~~~~~~~~ 
I have A.D.H.L.A.S. -- Attention-Def-Hey-Look-A-Squirrel . 
Nothing else to do today , so I'm reading about skeletal disorders on Wikipedia . 
It's 106 miles to Chicago , we got a full tank of gas , half a pack of cigarettes , it's dark and we're wearing sunglasses . 
People are like slinkies : essentially useless . But it sure is fun to watch them fall down the stairs . 
My compy's been discharged from the computer-hospital !!! ^_^ 
Only in America can a wannabe pop princess sing a song about wishing she were famous , and then , once she IS famous , turn and sing a song in which she COMPLAINS about being famous . 
I want some chocolate but there isn't any . :*( 
It's oh , so quiet ... ... It's oh , so still ... ... 
Preparing to deploy the Holy Hand Grenade Of Antioch . 
Only in the grip of darkness will we shine amidst the brightest stars . 
I don't care what anyone says ; " Help ! I'm Being Eaten " is an awesome band name . Now if I only had a band ... :/ 
< clever status update , followed by cheezy punchline . > 
Holy crap , I'm such an idiot . I almost ended up re-infecting my computer with the same virus that screwed it up the last time . But it's a learning process ; and I'm getting wiser . Nice try , Netsky . Nice try indeed . 
Sadness is a heavier thing . 
Such a lovely evening ... I think I'll stay out a while . ^_ ~ 
Rap is to music what the Etch-a-Sketch is to art . 
SHH ! If you're quiet I'll show you a dinosaur . 
“Books are not made for furniture , but there is nothing else that so beautifully furnishes a house . ”- Henry Ward Beecher ( 1813-1887 ) 
This monkey's gone to heaven . 
What in God's name is it that makes people think decadence is a GOOD thing ??? Clearly , someone has failed to consult a dictionary regarding such matters . 
Not being able to get online ... no phone , no computer ... I'm going completely BONKERS . My cell bill is about $200 and my tech guy won't get to fix my PC until August . Fortunately , though , I've got a book of Victorian poetry to keep me occupied . O_o 
I wonder what it means regarding mental state when one suddenly finds themself daydreaming about Q-Bert ... 
I started reading ' A Necessary Evil ' on Sunday and , through marathon sessions and loads of down-time , finished it this afternoon . It was better than I thought it would be , despite Kava's style being water-thin and predictable . Barely half of the way through I knew the nun was the killer . But , like I said , it was still somewhat entertaining . 
Kix . Yay . Kix are my favorite . When there are no Lucky Charms , Kix are my favorite . :P 
BP wants to drill in the Arctic . That's just what America needs ; another unstoppable oilgasm . 
I may not look like much , but I'm a pro at pretending to be a ninja . ;P 
Algebraic . 
Watching old episodes of Animal X on YouTube . ( Ah , the good ol ' days when Discovery Channel was educational ... ) 
Nobody likes playing Scrabble with me . I don't know why . 
Thinking about getting into photography full-time ; since nothing else seems to be working . 
Tarot reading = 1 : Queen of Coins / 2 : The Emperor / 3 : The Fool / 4 : The Hierophant / 5 : The Lovers / 6 : Four of Coins / 7 : Six of Wands / 8 : Ten of Swords / 9 : Knight of Wands / 10 : King of Cups . 
I love the Earth because all my stuff is here . 
Cars up on the overpass fake the sound of waves ; I can feel the building shaking ... Pacing , pacing , pacing , pacing ... 
" He who rejects change is the architect of decay . The only human institution which rejects progress is the cemetery . " -- Harold Wilson 
Is once again using Facebook as a tool for procrastination . YAY ! =] 
tripped UP the stairs today ... but when I hit my face against the wall , that's when I knew I was truly talented . 
" Enlighten the people , generally , and tyranny and oppressions of body and mind will vanish like spirits at the dawn of day . " ~ Thomas Jefferson 
Goin ' down the road feeling bad ~ ... Goin ' where the climate suits my clothes ~ ... Goin ' where the water tastes like wine ~ ... Don't wanna be treated this a-way ~~~ 
Has an overwhelming urge to listen to Tin Machine . ( I'll get my Bowie fix any which way I can ! ^_ ~ ) 
History shows again and again how Nature points out the folly of Man . 
I'm not interested in the politicians who want to " take our country back " , I'm only interested in the politicians who will " keep our country moving forward ! " 
Senator Byrd isn't even in the ground yet and Big Coal is going on the offensive . Have they no shame ? ( Oh , and happy 4th of July . ) 
Good Lord the rocks are taking on the shapes of regular polygons . The next thing you know they'll have opposable thumbs and fire-making capability . 
Tapheselachophobia is the fear of being buried alive with a shark . 
Note to self : Scrambled eggs take so much longer when you forget to turn the burner on . 
EMPTINESS is LONLINESS and LONLINESS is CLEANLINESS and CLEANLINESS is GODLINESS and GOD is EMPTY . 
There is a fine line between genius and insanity , and I have erased that line and replaced it with a trout . 
Dear Diary : Today , we were kidnapped by hillpeople and never seen again . It was the greatest day ever . 
R . I . P , G.O.P. Can't say it's been a pleasure . ( 1854-2010 ) 
PkMn Gold Version -- Hall of Fame : Ampharos , Kadabra , Feraligatr , Pidgeot , Lapras , H o-O h . Playtime : 42 hours . ( Now since THAT'S out of the way , perhaps today I can do something constructive . :P ) 
MY PHONE'S BEEN RECONNECTED ! HAPPY !!!!!! :D 
Last night I stumbled onto some extremely rare Billy Corgan demos ; stuff he recorded in the mid-80s with The Marked and Snaketrain . But , although they were FREAKIN ' AWESOME , I deleted them all immediately -- knowing my very nature would compel me to redisseminate it over LimeWire , which would put me in a whole lot of trouble . ;P 
Corniest song in my library ... ...? ... ... ... ... ... " Love Shack " . 
MORE OFFSHORE DRILLING ?!?!? Wow , Mr. Obama ; you must not want to keep your job TOO badly ... 
Hey Sarah Palin , how's that oily-drilly thing workin ' out for ya ? ( Drill baby drill , indeed . ) 
More or less sleepwalked through the entire day . [ Current mood : Ennui . ] 
Dust off the guillotine . It's time to show the Plutocrats what happens when you tell the people of a nation to go " eat cake " . 
The world is going to Hell at 90,000 miles per hour in a Toyota Prius . 
Snuffleupagus ? That's my hookah's name ! 
They cut off my cell phone . Fuckers . 
Here is a plea from my heart to you ~ ~ Nobody knows me as well as you do ~ ~ You know how hard it is for me to shake the disease ~ ~ That takes hold of my tongue in situations like these ~~~~ 
is a pretty hate machine . 
The meek shall inherit the Earth . I think I read that somewhere ... Some religious text , perhaps ... A religious text of rather dubious distinction ... Somewhere towards the back ... 
It's only a matter of days until oil slick Sarah Palin makes landfall , but BP's BS is spreading twice as fast . 
is so convinced that there is a Fugazi + Pixies + Oasis + Smashing Pumpkins + David Bowie + Jethro Tull + Radiohead sound that she'll play every fucking instrument herself to find it . 
Types of storm currently hitting the world : USA - Snow . Australia - Tropical . Middle East - Shit . 
Viva Velveeta ! ^_^ 
I'm absolutely floored . Blanche Lincoln's coorporate sponsors must have tampered with the election somehow . 
' Twilight ' is the reason my desk has a head-shaped dent in it . X_ < 
OF COURSE the Gulf spill isn't BP's fault ; it's the fault of all those dinosaurs that died to MAKE the oil , right ? ( We're going to be paying for it . BP is going to get away and WE will be paying for it . ) 
I know Kung-Fu and 120 other dangerous words . 
TONY HAYWARD BELONGS IN PRISON !!!!! 
Miriah and I are meeting with Freddy this weekend , to discuss plans for our tattoo shop . ;) 
> Listen to music for an entire month . 
> Do nothing else . 
> Feel sanity fall loosely through my fingers like sand in an hourglass . 
When I get bored bad things happen . Damn , I'm bored . Oooh look ... duct tape and fireworks ... O_o 
We were given two hands to hold , two legs to walk , two eyes to see , two ears to listen . But why only one heart ? Because the other was given to someone else for us to find . ?????????? 
I wasn't born with enough middle fingers . 
SVU marathon . Yay . 
Comfortably numb . 
When the moment is right , everything falls into place ... And if it doesn't , I find hammers work exceptionally well . 
If Man is 5 , then the Devil is 6 . And if the Devil is 6 , then God is 7 . 
GOP = Greedy , Old & Pale . 
Watched some of that ' America ' miniseries on The History Channel . It's not too bad , considering that it is loaded with propaganda which I readily dismissed , and being sponsored by Bank of America , one of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse . 
The most uproarious thing I've ever seen in my life was watching Tony Hayward testify before Congress today . My Lord , the only thing missing was a slide whistle . O_o 
PEANUT BUTTER !!! :D 
is just now getting into Radiohead's ' Kid-A ' . 
I am so mad . This is the SECOND time in six months that my ENTIRE mp3 collection has been completely destroyed . FOUR GIGS WORTH of music . All gone . 
I must say , kudos to BP ; thanks to them , I have a slew of new band name ideas -- such as " Black Tide " and " The Oil-Covered Pelicans " . 
It's what you do , not what you say . If you're not part of the future , then get out of the way ! 
#Operationfreedom #14feb 
IRAN ???????????????? : in progress 
ALGERIA ???????????????? : in progress 
YEMEN ???????????????? : in progress 
BAHRAIN ???????????????? : in progress 
... JORDAN ???????????????? : in progress 
SYRIA ???????????????? : in progress 
LYBIA ???????????????? : in progress 
SAUDI ARABIA ???????????????? : in progress 
PALESTINE ????????????? : VIRUS DETECTED 
Dear Mr. Rand Paul : You're embarrassing yourself . Drop out NOW . 
There was once an ice cream man . He lived alone , had no friends , and , above all , hated his job . Then on one hot summer day , he said to himself , " F*#& this ! " He unloaded all of the ice cream , gave it to the children , drove off and was never seen again . For that brief moment , he was the coolest guy in the world . 
Having second thoughts about going into the tattooo business with Miriah ; she's emotionally immature and is completely want of discipline . 
" The corporate revolution will collapse if we refuse to buy what they are selling - their ideas , their version of history , their wars , their weapons , their notion of inevitability .... Remember this : We be many and they be few . They need us more than we need them . " - Arundhati Roy 
" The willow which bends to the tempest , often escapes better than the oak which resists it ; and so in great calamities , it sometimes happens that light and frivolous spirits recover their elasticity and presence of mind sooner than those of a loftier character . " -- Sir Walter Scott ( 1771-1832 ) 
The fin-reg bill passes , nothing changes . The fin-reg bill fails , nothing changes . Nothing ever changes . 
' Ultra ' is my most favoritest Depeche Mode album of all times ! ^-^ 
10% tax on carrot-people ? I LIKE IT !!!!!! 
When Fiona Apple's debut album was first released , 70% of people who listened to it thought she was a computer . Hmmm ..... 
" Fish , are you in your duty ? " " Yes , yes ; we are : if you reckon , we reckon ; if you pay your debts , we pay ours ; if you fly , we overcome , and are content . " 
Pot v . Kettle was a landmark case in USA history , giving people the right to make hypocritical statements without fear of retribution . What made this Supreme Court case unique was the fact that the Pot himself was black , as was the Kettle . 
Zombies walk the Earth because there is simply no more room left in Hell . This is a result of the No More Room In Hell Act of 1962 , wherein Satan outlawed further immigration into Hell because of " those damn dirty Americans " stealing all of the good jobs and putting immense stress on the demonic economy . 
Only when the last tree is cut , only when the last river is polluted , only when the last fish is caught , will they realize that you can't eat money . 
Things get damaged- Things get broken- I thought we'd manage- But words left unspoken- Left us so brittle- There was so little left to give- 
> Leave house 
> Learn from mistake 
Her green plastic watering can- For her fake Chinese rubber plant- In the fake plastic earth- That she bought from a rubber man- In a town full of rubber plans- To get rid of itself- It wears her out , it wears her out .??? 
You men go northwest ! You men go southwest ! I'm gonna walk around right here in a circle . 
Logic and reason , I CHOOSE YOU !! 
Every photograph of a tornado I've ever seen alway has a rainbow somewhere in the background ; proof that Nature indeed has a sense of humor ( albeit an admittedly morbid sense of humor . ) :/ 
Windows Media Player library inventory complete . 1691 items . 6.34 GB . Approximately 116 hours , 20 minutes , and 39 seconds worth of music . ^-^ 
Mmmm ...... nachos ....... O_o 
I still haven't found what I'm looking for . 
? The legend lives on from the Chippewa on down 
Of the big lake they called ' Gitche Gumee ' . 
The lake , it is said , never gives up her dead 
When the skies of November turn gloomy . 
With a load of iron ore twenty-six thousand tons more 
Than the Edmund Fitzgerald weighed empty , 
That good ship and true was a bone to be chewed 
When the gales of November came early .? 
IF YOU DON'T EAT YOUR MEAT , YOU CAN'T HAVE ANY PUDDING !!! HOW CAN YOU HAVE ANY PUDDING IF YOU DON'T EAT YOUR MEAT !?!?!?!?! 
Home again ! Thanks for the birthday wishes . Makes me feel special . :D 
Helping my Mum with her new couch . ;) 
Dancing in a graveyard to imaginary music . |||_- 
Clearly , the best way to deal with Arizona's anti-immigration law is in a subtlely-ironic manner -- throw open the Mexican border and build a fence around Arizona . 
> Play Super Mario World for nearly 15 years . 
> Finally figure out how to get to fortress in Bowser Valley . 
> Have 99 lives . 
> Get squashed by big , spikey dildos . 
> 99 times . 
> Slam head in window . 
Dear Benjamin Harrison : Of all the presidents I've heard of , you're not one of them . Love , Dana ~ ~ 
Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia is the fear of long words . 
Putting out fire with gasoline . 
" Dr. King didn't get famous giving a speech that said , ‘I have a complaint . ’ It's time for us to start dreaming again and invite the country to dream with us . We don't have any ‘throw away’ species , nations , or children . We must birth a global green economy strong enough to lift people out of poverty . " -Van Jones 
Joe Paterno looks like a sea lion I saw once . 
Fact : No one will question you if you are carrying a clipboard . 
Too legit to admit defeat and move on to something else . 
I saw the silver lining hidden in the mushroom cloud . 
My new favorite word : " scumbaggary " . Thank you , Dylan Ratigan ! :D 
Absolutely , BP will be held 100% completely responsible for any and all costs accumulated by the gulf oil spill -- and unicorns have sticky feet so they won't fall of the flat side of the world . 
Support Keith Olbermann ! 

1 ) Use Twitter . Between 8pm and 9pm Eastern time tweet with - #NotWatchingMSNBC 
2 ) Change your Facebook and/or Twitter profile pictures to Keith . 
3 ) Sign The petition to bring Keith back ! - http://tiny.cc/1agtf 
?? If you ever enter my mind / Stay there , you'll live / Defend it off , and fool them all / Stay there , you'll live ?? 
??? Meet me on the equinox , meet me half way / When the sun is perched at it's highest peak in the middle of the day / Let me give my love to you , let me take your hand / And as we walk in the dimming light , oh darling understand / That everything , everything ends ??? 
The hills are alive with the sound of music . If you stop singing you're committing murder . 
<--- Doesn't give a shit . 
I'm never shopping with my mom again . XP 
" Julian Assange and Wikileaks have only served as catalysts for a revolution that has been long overdue , a revolution in which the people of the world stand up and remind the governments of the world that their responsibility is to the people , the people's responsibility is not to them . " -- Anonymous 
What do you call spying on David Cameron ? Observe-A-Tory ! HAHAHA !!! (* takes gun out , shoots self in head . *) 
??? I could be brown , I could be blue , I could be violet sky / I could be hurtful , I could be purple , I could be anything you like / Gotta be green , Gotta be mean , Gotta be everything more / Why don't you like me ? Why don't you like me ? Why don't you walk out the door !??? 
Prepare ship for ludicrous speed ! Fasten all seatbelts , seal all entrances and exits , close all shops in the mall , cancel the three ring circus , secure all animals in the zoo ! 
Nursing a terrible earache . X_o 
Hidewriter Jim committed suicide . 
A sport bra is NOT a top . I mean , seriously . T.T 
Science-Fiction is just like milk : sooner or later , it always becomes cheesy . 
Money can't buy you happiness ; but it CAN buy you marshmallows , which is kinda the same thing . 
Spending the next couple days at my Mum's house . 
Dear Senator Pence : You can't repeal the healthcare bill because doing so would require a veto-proof 100% Republican supermajority in both houses of Congress ; something that has never happened in American history and never will , dumbshit . 
... I SWEAR I keep hearing this bird outside my window say " DEREK JETER DEREK JETER DEREK JETER ! " 
Wasted the whole day playing D&D . I keep telling myself , " Just one more level and that's it . Okay , maybe one more , but then I have to stop . ONE MORE level , and that's it . I swear . " That was almost 10 hours ago . 
Rand Paul , Pat Toomey , and Sharon Angle can all go fornicate themselves with an iron stick . 
I think it rained last night . I'm not sure , the backyard is in the river . 
Sometimes your knight in shining armor ends up being a retard in tin foil . 
I WANT IT ALL . AND I WANT IT COVERED IN CHOCOLATE . 
Alice In Chains - Layne Stayley = NOT Alice In Chains . 
V-Day TAROT READING -- 1 : Queen of Coins / 2 : Page of Cups / 3 : Judgement / 4 : The Star / 5 : Five of Coins / 6 : Six of Wands / 7 : King of Coins / 8 : Temperance / 9 : Four of Wands / 10 : The Emperor . 
Things I've noticed about MSNBC's programming : Dylan Ratigan depresses me , Ed Schultz marginalizes me , Rachel Maddow infantilizes me , Chris Matthews enrages me , and Keith Olbermann empowers me . 
In a world full of Cheerios , be a Fruit Loop . ;) 
If you have split personalities and one of them decides to kill the other , is that suicide or murder ? 
The rules ...? Yeah , they don't apply to me . 
?? In the shadowplay , acting out your own death , knowing no more , 
As the assassins all grouped in four lines , dancing on the floor , 
And with cold steel , odour on their bodies made a move to connect , 
But I could only stare in disbelief as the crowds all left ?? {{ JOY DIVISION . Joy Division ; NOT The Killers . NO !!! JUST ... ... no . Let's be clear on that point . }} 
I hear there's going to a Tea Party rally at the park . ... Thinking about standing on the opposing street and throwing rocks at them . ( Vote for Sestak . ) 
: As useful as a white crayon . 
Four months until the day after the winter solstice !!! :D 
TAROT READING = 1 : Knight of Swords / 2 : Ace of Wands / 3 : Queen of Swords / 4 : The Fool / 5 : King of Coins / 6 : Ten of Wands / 7 : King of Cups / 8 : King of Wands / 9 : Page of Wands / 10 : Queen of Wands . 
Is ready for another fun-filled day of idiosyncrasies . ^-^ 
I'm standing in solidarity with jobless workers today . Join me . 
The only thing I've ever successfully made in the kitchen is a mess . And several small fires . 
It's the most wonderful time of the year ; Friday the 13th ! I will celebrate this joyous day by smashing a mirror , walking under a ladder , and petting a black cat . 
The funny thing about velveeta is ... it's not that healthy . And eating a whole box alone could quite possibly kill you . That being said , I'm afraid I will be violently ill later today . X_x 
The big difference between Democrats and Republicans : Democrats care about what's going on in your BRAIN ; Republicans care about what's going on in your BEDROOM . 
Nobody has ever died in Santa's name . No one has ever killed in Santa's name . Santa's punishments are much lighter -- coal in one's stocking for misbehaving as opposed to eternal punishment for not believing . 
I'll stick with Santa . 
LEEEEROOOOOOOOOOOOOYYYYY Jenkiiiiinnnsss !!!!!!! 
?? ~ Bared on your tomb ~ 
I am a prayer for your loneliness ~ 
And would you ever soon ~ 
Come above unto me ? ~ 
For once upon a time ~ 
From the binds of your lowliness ~ 
I could always find ~ 
The right slot for your sacred key ~ ?? 
~ ~ And I don't want you and I don't need you 
Don't bother to resist , or I'll beat you 
It's not your fault that you're always wrong 
The weak ones are there to justify the strong ~ ~ 
5/19/13 
Expect Us . 
Hm . ' Wasn't expecting it to be 8:00 so early . < Loss of the ability to keep track of time ; an unfortunate side-effect of living half of one's life in a psychogenic fugue . > 
Life -- No one ever makes it out alive . 
Dear Façadebook ; ??? (?_?) ??? ( That's for taking away my Flair tab , you sons-o'-bitches . ) 
Pirating is fun . 
Climb aboard the bus for an hour and a half's journey . 
Two seats available . 
Next to people . 
You choose to stand up . 
I love it when I like a series of related pages followed by one incredibly random one . ( i.e. " Michael Jackson sucks " , " Michael Jackson is dead " , " Michael Jackson is a pedo " , " Clydesdales " . ) 
Today I will be happier than a bird with a french fry . 
Tempted to go up to random people and throw skittles at them and say , " TASTE THE RAINBOW ALREADY , OKAY !?!?! JUST TASTE IT !!!!!! " 
You're entitled to your own OPINION ; you're not entitled to your own FACTS . 
please put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay . My wish for 2011 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease , nor a choice - people who are gay are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS !! ? 
This one-sided argument I'm having with the hellfire preachers on the History Channel has left me mentally exhausted and my tonsils raw . ( I miss the good ol ' days ; when the History Channel aired quailty programming based on recorded physical facts , nowadays the've been reduced to speaking in hypotheticals and born-again overtones by their NeoCon overlords . ) 
" If you can't fly then run , if you can't run then walk , if you can't walk then crawl , but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward . " -- Martin Luther King Jr. 
Wine is cheaper than therapy . 
Rallying cry of the idiot : " GIT YER GUV'MENT HAYANDS OFF MAH MEDICAYARE !!! " 
When shit hits the fan , you can always count on your scoped grenade-launching silenced pistol bipod attached katana handle crowbar . 
TAROT READING -- 1 : The Hermit / 2 : The Magician / 3 : King of Cups / 4 : Eight of Wands / 5 : Knight of Cups / 6 : Ace of Coins / 7 : Two of Cups / 8 : The Hanged Man / 9 : Five of Wands / 10 : The Empress . 
Copy this and paste it in your status if you know someone , or have heard of someone who knows someone . If you don't know anyone , or even if you've heard of someone who doesn't know anyone , then do still copy this . It's important to spread the message . Oh and the hearts ! ? ? ? For goodness ' sake don't forget the hearts ! ? ? ? 
No , you can't haz cheezburger , you stupid cat . 
If money = speech , then speech is not free . America is now a plutocracy . 
" The longer I live , the more beautiful life becomes . " - Frank Lloyd Wright 
I WANNA BE THE GUY !!!!! 11 !! 1 !!! 1 !!! 1 !! 
My life is a string of awkward moments with sleep in between . >_< 
You can't survive one day in the wilderness . If not for penicillin and modern medicine , you would be screwed . You don't adapt to your environment . Your genes are useless , because of overpopulation . Technology saves your ass from everything . You are the product of 4 billion years of evolution . NOW FUCKING ACT LIKE IT . 
Only in America do we have labels on baby strollers to remind people to remove the baby before folding up the stroller . What a world . X_o 
LEAN FORWARD . 
Dear Chris Martin : Thank you for writing " Life In Technicolor ii " . Its such a fun song to play ! ^_ ~ 
What progress we are making . In the Middle Ages they would have burned me . Now they are content with burning my books . ~ Sigmund Freud , 1933 
I want some { insert bizarre and utterly random food item here } but there isn't any . :*( 
Doritos and coffee . Because it just wouldn't be Tuesday without doritos and coffee . :P 
" Genius is more often found in a cracked pot than in a whole one . " - E . B . White 
One time I was reading a book and my glasses broke in half . Cheap dollar store readers , you are no match for my awesome brain power . Muahahaha !!! 11 !! 1 ! 
YES ! You see , THIS is how Democracy works . When the people speak with one voice , things get done . But when its corporations doing the speaking , as well as pumping absurd amounts of money into Repbulican PACs to get their candidates to Washington so they can do their bidding for Them , well , that would be just plain un-American , wouldn't it ? But * ha * thank goodness THAT hasn't happened . { sarcasm } 
It is no measure of health to be well-adjusted to a profoundly sick society . 
~ I've faced the fathoms in your deep ~ 
~ Withstood the suitors quiet siege ~ 
~ Pulled down the heavens just to please you ~ 
~ To hold the flower I can't keep ~ 
> Thanksgiving turkey in fridge . 
> Fridge breaks . 
> Cook turkey before it goes bad . 
> OVERcook turkey . 
> Turkey falls apart . 
> Have turkey soup instead . 
> There is much rejoicing . 
ANOTHER millionaire bailout ? Really ? 
AD/HD : For those about to rock , we salu -- OOH , LOOK !!! A BUNNY !!!! 
We are a plutocracy . The real power is in Corporate America , not the people . They " own " the Supreme Court . Eschatologically , we are very near the end . Start Reading . Thinking . Acting . 
Tomorrow's the day Democrats maintain control of Cogress . Super excited ! ^_^ 
Toomey does not represent me . He is not my senator . 
> Listen to the Gin Blossoms . 
> Nostalgia'd hard . :*( 
Corbett does not represent me . He is not my governor . 
I love you , Mr. Sanders . I wish you were my president . 
I love the way Americans feel about soccer . Most of the time they're like " HUR DUR WE HAYT SOCKR ! WE GON PLAY GOOD OL MERICAN FOOBALL ! " Then when it's Word Cup time : " WE MERICANS LUV SOCKR ! WE BEST AT SOCKR IN WURLD ! WE BEET EVRY1 !!! 1 !!! 1 " Two games later , they get their asses handed to them by a team of European sillynannies and they're back to being " HUR DUR WE HAYT SOCKR ! WE GON PLAY GOOD OL MERICAN FOOBALL ! " 
is a citizen of the World . 
There needs to be a version of " Candle In The Wind " dedicated to Paul the Psychic Octopus . 
One day of coal vs . 364 days of being bad . No contest . 
Dissenters will inevitably abhor . ;) 
The Republican Pledge Of Allegiance : " I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United Corporate States Of America , and to the Republicans for which it stands , one nation , under the Earth's one God in Heaven , indivisible , with liberty , freedom , autonomy , independence , { and various synonyms thereof } and justice for white straight upper-class anglo-saxon prodestant males aged 21 to 40 . Amen . " 
Most AMERICANS are CHRISTIANS . CHRISTIANS believe in JESUS . JESUS believed in SOCIALISM . AMERICA believes in CAPITALISM . CAPITALISM is the EXACT OPPOSITE of SOCIALISM . AMERICA is the EXACT OPPOSITE of JESUS . ( Think about it , Christ-Os . This is not difficult . ) 
Visiting my mom today . :) 
Two more days until the Solstice ! 
" During times of universal deceit , telling the truth becomes a revolutionary act . " - George Orwell 
The reputation of the US media is at an all time low lately after seeing " well educated " journalists treat Tea Party crazies as if they were genuine candidates for elected office and not just ignorant , bigoted meat puppets for the rich . Keith called them as they were , now MSNBC is trying to sneak him out the back door . Do not stand for it . 
" The way to fix the defecit is by ' shaking up ' Social Security " ??? No ; you fix the defecit by making billionaires pay the taxes they are supposed to pay . At long last , Diane Sawyer , whose pocket are you in ? Have you no shame ? No decency ? Not a drop of integrity left in your bosom ? TELL THE TRUTH . 
So I tried Google-ing myself a little while ago , and it looks like there's some dude in Florida with the exact same name as me ; it was on a track and field record sheet from 199-something . feelsbadman . 
Farewell BRAVO , CNBC , MSNBC , SCI-FI , and USA . I never really watched any of you that much , but now that you've been homogenized into this ridiculous , soulless , profit-mongering conglomerate that is Comcast , now I know I never will . ( I'll continue to watch ' Countdown ' online ; I get my broadband from a local provider . ) 
I hate it when I wake up in the morning and it feels like William McKinley is president . 
The Complete Monty Python's Flying Circus Box Set . I always wanted it and now I have it and now it is mine . I rule . 
Hey , you wanna hear a funny joke ? America . 
" Nobody is as powerful as we make them out to be . " -- Alice Walker 
If you could read my thoughts , you would back away slowly with no sudden movements . 
Pining for the fjords . 
It's time to play Spot The Loony ! ;) 
Don't look back in anger , I heard you say ~ 
" Only in America can you be Pro-Death Penalty , Pro-War , Pro-Unmanned Drone Bombs , Pro-Nuclear Weapons , Pro-Guns , Pro-Torture , Pro-Land Mines , AND still call yourself ‘Pro-Life . ’ " -- John Fugelsang 
Today I shall be happier than a tornado in a trailer park .????? 
The government will do what the government will do . The people will respond accordingly . EXPECT US . 
" Maybe it is time to take the Christ out of Christmas ... Because if this is going to be a Christian nation that doesn't help the poor , either we have to pretend that Jesus was just as selfish as we are , or we've got to acknowledge that he commanded us to love the poor and serve the needy without condition , and then admit that we just don't want to do it . " - Stephen Colbert 
Taking a leave of absense for a few days ; desperately in need of a sanity break . O_x 
A couple of things I didn't know : the Aerosmith song " I Don't Want To Miss A Thing " was originally written for Celine Dion , and Bonnie Tyler's " Total Eclipse Of The Heart " was intended to be given to Meat Loaf . It makes me think , how would the careers of these artists have been affected had things gone this way ? 
VIVA LA EGYPT ! 
Miriah and I have a new idea : MOBILE TATTOO SHOP . She's got a new gun and some ink now ; we just have to find an unmarked white van . :P 
" THE ECONOMY IS SO BAD THAT I got a pre-declined credit card in the mail . Wives are having sex with their husbands because they can no longer afford batteries . Exxon-Mobil laid off 25 Congressmen . I bought a toaster oven and my free gift was a bank . Angelina Jolie adopted a child from America . Motel Six won't leave the light on anymore . A picture is now only worth 200 words . " ~ Mike Jordan 
" There is nothing more powerful than an idea whose time has come . " - Victor Hugo 
via EPIC : HACKER ALERT !!!!!!!!!!! THERE IS A NEW WAY 2 HACK YOUR FACEBOOK . A NOTIFICATION WILL BE SENT 2 YOU THAT ONE OF YOUR FRIENDS HAS COMMENTED ON YOUR STATUS , IT WILL OPEN A NEW PAGE & TELL YOU TO RE-ENTER YOUR FACE BOOK USER NAME & PASSWORD . CAUTION !!! THIS PAGE LOOKS JUST LIKE FACE BOOK LOGIN PAGE ,,,, SO BE ON THE LOOKOUT !!!! PLEASE RE-POST THIS TO YOUR STATUS TO LET YOUR FB FAMILY KNOW !!! BE AWARE FRIENDS . 
I turn my back for five minutes , and suddenly Claude Frolo is a meme . Way to go , guys . 
" Labor is prior to , and independent of , capital . Capital is only the fruit of labor , and could never have existed if labor had not first existed . Labor is the superior of capital , and deserves much the higher consideration . " -- Abraham Lincoln 
I'm standing with the teachers , nurses , social workers , and everyone battling Wisconsin's terrible anti-worker bill . If you're with me , please post this as your Facebook status . 
TAROT READING -- 1 : Two of Coins / 2 : Four of Cups / 3 : The Devil / 4 : The Empress / 5 : Page of Swords / 6 : Knight of Swords / 7 : Five of Wands / 8 : King of Coins / 9 : Wheel of Fortune / 10 : Queen of Swords . 
Wow , what a busy and productive life I lead . Facebook , sleep , Facebook , more sleep , Facebook again , sleep again ... I do so much it's all a blur . O_ < 
TAROT READING -- 1 : Eight of Coins / 2 : Ace of Cups / 3 : Five of Cups / 4 : Justice / 5 : Nine of Coins / 6 : Two of Wands / 7 : Three of Coins / 8 : Knight of Wands / 9 : Queen of Wands / 10 : Five of Coins . 
Just found a penny in the wall . 
TAROT READING -- 1 : Three of Swords / 2 : Justice / 3 : Nine of Cups / 4 : Six of Coins / 5 : Five of Wands / 6 : Two of Coins / 7 : Queen of Coins / 8 : Ace of Swords / 9 : The Magician / 10 : The Fool . 
I can't brain today . I have the sick . X_x 
TAROT READING -- 1 : Ten of Wands / 2 : King of Wands / 3 : Ace of Swords / 4 : Ace of Cups / 5 : Ten of Cups / 6 : Judgement / 7 : Temperance / 8 : Six of Wands / 9 : Nine of Wands / 10 : Three of Wands . 
Note to self : DO NOT eat right before going to sleep ever again . Last night I dreamed about ants , spiders , the end of the world , and a road trip at night in a car full of blind people . 
TAROT READING -- 1 : Eight of Cups / 2 : Six of Swords / 3 : Seven of Coins / 4 : Queen of Swords / 5 : Ace of Swords / 6 : Ace of Cups / 7 : Queen of Coins / 8 : Ten of Cups / 9 : Judgement / 10 : The Devil . 
I am in SUCH a good mood today , that today feels like a good day to start cleaning out my attic . And by " attic " I mean bedroom . :) 
TAROT READING -- 1 : Ace of Swords / 2 : Five of Wands / 3 : Ten of Swords / 4 : Ace of Coins / 5 : Page of Wands / 6 : Eight of Cups / 7 : Strength / 8 : Seven of Coins / 9 : Ten of Coins / 10 : Nine of Swords . 
Just saw all of the english names for the new pokemon . Nintendo , I am disappoint . 
" When there is no enemy within , the enemies outside cannot hurt you . " -- African Proverb 
" When all the trees have been cut down , when all the animals have been hunted , when all the waters are polluted , when all the air is unsafe to breathe , only then will you discover you cannot eat money . " -- Cree prophecy 
Coffee and solitaire , and I am in the zone . O_o 
System Report : Everything is fine . Nothing is ruined . 
Someday I'll get the hang of this " cooking " thing ... 
" Every individual has a place to fill in the world and is important in some respect whether he chooses to be so or not . " -- Nathaniel Hawthorne 
Play with fire no matter what mommy tells you . It's fun . 
Super moon is very , very super . O_o 
Yay ! I can tie my hair back again ! ^-^ 
My " Turn Off FOX " sticker finally arrived today . Not bad , considering I only signed the petition about four months ago ... 
" I am tired of talk that comes to nothing . It makes my heart sick when I remember all the good words and all the broken promises . There has been too much talking by men who had no right to talk . " -- Chief Joseph , Nez Perce 
RIP Spring ' 11 . You never had a chance . 
'' The more I study religions the more I am convinced that man never worshiped anything but himself . '' -- Richard Francis Burton 
For only in the grip of darkness will we shine amidst the brightest stars . 
It's either just me or the Gnutella2 network is down . I haven't been able to establish a good connection for the past three days . 
" Every gun that is made , every warship launched , every rocket fired , signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed , those who are cold and are not clothed . " -- Dwight Eisenhower 
Gave up on Shareaza ; moving to FrostWire . 
TAROT READING -- 1 : The Fool / 2 : Five of Cups / 3 : Five of Swords / 4 : Seven of Wands / 5 : Ten of Swords / 6 : The Hermit / 7 : Four of Cups / 8 : The Lovers / 9 : Five of Wands / 10 : King of Coins . 
Oh yes , happy as always at happiness house . 
I am not beautiful or gorgeous . I don't have an amazing figure or a flat stomach . I am far from being considered model material but I am me . I love to wear my pj's and no make up around the house . I am random and crazy at times . I am who I am-love me or not , I can't change ME nor would I want to ! Ladies , put this as your status if you're proud of who you are ! Because I am ? 
There's no twelve step program for cheese . ( That being said , ' Intervention ' is on tonight . ) 
FACEBOOK has 5 new viruses 
1 . If you get a notice of a photo tag DO NOT OPEN it . 
2 . If you get a notification that a friend reported you for offensive behaviour DO NOT OPEN IT 
3 . Get 5000 FBK credits DO NOT OPEN IT . 
4 . Message from ya mates chat saying click this link DO NOT OPEN IT 
5 . Crash at Alton Towers DO NOT OPEN IT . These are bad viruses and will crash your computer . REPOST and WARN OTHERS 
I'm about 1/5 of the way through the Arabian Nights , now feeling fairly certain that Scheherazade had ADHD . 
Volume 1 of the Arabian Nights is finished . Only three more to go ! 
-*- <-- Look ! A sparkler ! 
*** 
-*- 
. | . 
Spending the weekend at my mom's house . 
Mumsy and I are working on our family tree . ;) 
Everyone on my father's side of the family looks like Lyndon Johnson . INCLUDING THE WOMEN . 
Had I known I would come home to Miriah acting like a baby , I would have stayed downtown . 
' Ode to Sean Hannity ' 
by John Cleese 
Aping urbanity 
Oozing with vanity 
Plump as a manatee 
Faking humanity 
Journalistic calamity 
Intellectual inanity 
Fox Noise insanity 
You’re a profanity 
Hannity 
A little something that I found ::: My maternal great-great grandfather , Nathaniel Fenton , was a corporal in the Union army . He was with the Minnesota Sharpshooters and died during the second battle of Deep Bottom at Sutter's Mill , Virginia ; which ended in a Confederate victory . 
. . . . . . . . *** . . . ATTENTION . . . *** . . . . . . . . 
On Friday , Facebook will become owner of publishing rights to 
ALL your private photos . Make simple change : go to ' account ' , 
' account settings ' , ' Facebook ads ' ( along the top ) , ' ads shown 
by third parties ' , Edit third party ad settings , choose ' NO ONE ' 
then SAVE . Please share this . 
