The traffic was bad ... real bad . Got a headache , but I'm here ! 
At the shore , only took 1 hour ... no traffic ! Nice ! 
Can't sleep ... 
Going to see if I can make it to the shore tonight ! 
is going to check out a couple of kool bands in Vineland 2night ! But first , I have to do my roots ... 
Bob had an accident on the futon :-( BTW Bob is my cat ... 
is going for a run ... just a short one ! 
Looks like a good beach day ! Off to Stone Harbor by 10:00 ... 
Fireworks in Stone Harbor last night with fellow campers ! Today ... maybe some pool time 
is going to try and get away from that darn bouncy ball game for a while :-) 
Starting off my vacation with my ' vacation ' coffee ! 
Had severe allergies today :-( didn't do anything but blow my nose every 2 minutes ... 
Ok , home and unpacked , evidently the air in my vehicle ran out of cold ... AC doesn't work ! :-( 
Nice morning at the campground , haveing vacation coffee and letting the cats play outside ! 
Went to the Stone Harbor beach ... little windy , but nice temps . Hard to find parking ! 
12:15 AM got yelled at by the campground owner that we were too loud ... so , we all went back to our trailers :-( 
Got rain at the shore this morning , a good time to sleep in ! 
75 and sunny here at the shore ! Could not be nicer ! 
Off to the Wildwood Boardwalk , Eating at the Hot Spot ... and rides ! 
Another beach day , going to Stone Harbor ... 
Wildwood Boardwalk was great ... no lines for rides ! 
Raining at the campground today , just kinda hangin around doing nothing ... 
Last night of vacation ... then back to work for Monday ... 
Last day of vacation ... 
Storm is hitting the shore now ... a lot f rain and thunder ! It's really pouring heavy now ... 
So far the jersey shore has great weather ! 
Home from the shore , back to work 2marow ... 
Rescue kitty ' Ashley ' is now in Heat ! Got her just in time ! 
Going to Bubba'a car wash today ... 
First trip to the Chiropractor 2day ! So far so good ... 
Beach was perfect in Stone Harbor today , except for a little seaweed ... 
is at the shore :-) 
is at the shore and having a severe allergy attack :-( couldn't do anything fun all day ... 
Big Decision : Should I take a day shift job even though I love 12-hour shift and my crew is the best ? 
Just watched ' Last House on the Left ' pretty good criminal/suspense , a lot of revenge , it was pretty good if you don't mind bloody crime scenes ! 
is watching a slap-stick marathon ... and eating spaghetti ... 
Hope to sleep better 2night without nightmares ! 
Going boating to the Tap Room for crabs ! 
To the beach today ! 
I think I'm going to watch the Unborn now ... looks very scary ! 
It's hot ... 
WoooHooo got my AC in my car fixed ! 
ALERT : Facebook has agreed to let third party advertisers use your posted pictures without your permission . Click on " Settings " up at the top where you see the " Logout " link . Select " Privacy " . Then select " News Feed and Wall " . Next , select the tab that re 
At the campground by myself ... I can't find my friends ! 
is at the shore , allergies are still really bad , didn't sleep at all :-( 
Guess , I shouldn't rent an On Demand movie and then play with facebook the whole time , I've got to try and watch ' The Burning Plain ' sometime today ... 
To the shore in the morning ... the big horseshoe tournament is this weekend ! 
OMG everybody , the new Cleveland show is coming on at 8:30 on FOX don't miss it ! It's going to be great ! 
ready for my 7 days off ! 
Back to work 2marow night ... 
Brian and Curt won the big horseshoe tournament today , they both celebrated till just a few moments ago ... 
is having a fabulous bubble gum martini ! ( no wise cracks RJ ) 
One more weekend off before the outage ... 
Gotta decide on a Halloween costume ... 
Karaoke 2night ... Theo's! 
Can't wait to change my profile pic ! 
Time to get ready for the night shift ... 
Ashley is Free ( older kitten/young cat ): I hate to do this but it's time to find a permanent home for Ashley . She was a drop off and I took her in to find a home for her . She needs a new home that is indoors-only . Read more : 
Gotta go to the dump today , and re-learn how to use my ipod ... 
Back to night shift tonight ... Still have 2 kitty cats to find homes for ! 
Don't know whether to go to the beach or the pool , hmmm 
Dexter is on in 5 minutes ! 
Elf is on ! 
A very nice night hangin with my Apple friends and they gave me good drinks and dinner ! Looks like rain sometime 2night ... had smores around a campfire ! 
Wondering how much pain I'll be in 2marow , shoveled from 12:00 to 5 ish ... 
To the shore in the morning ... 
ooops , when I went to shake some soy milk , the lid wasn't on and I splashed all my kitty cats while they were eating , they ran and looked at me with total devastation ... it wuz pretty funny ! Then I had to mop the floor :-( 
GRAY AND PINK : My new Inversion Table came in today ... WOW , some assembly required ! Having a chocolate Mint Martini & Lobster and assembling this thing that's supposed to help my back ... :-) 
Cell phone fell in the tub ! Hope this hair dryer brings it back to life !! 
Just heard about Brittany Murphy , gees only 32 .... I always thought she was funny , and cool that she was from NJ ... :-( 
Anybody know the cure for a pinched sciatic nerve ?? 
Got a large herniated disk L5S1 , gotta find a neurosurgeon . Anyone have any experience with this ? 
Both Ashley and Tater still need new homes ... 
Going to the big seafood picnic ... wish it was 20 degrees cooler ! 
I smelled a birdbath in line at the bank because my family thinks I'm stupid anyway . 
Turquoise 
Just woke up from a dream about eating an ice cream cone , now I really want one . Was also traveling using a really fast tricycle instead of a car ... hmmm 
American Idol is on ! wooohooo ! ** Avril ** 
Got the full report , they only told me the worst part before . It's actualy 2 herniated disks and 3 disk bulges ... 
I think my phone survived the bathtub incident ! :-) 
American Idol is on !! woohoo ! 
Back to work today ... 
Watching Ghost Whisperer ... 
6 days after back surgery , tried to take my walk without pain meds , yeah , not so good . My 40 minute walk went down to a 20 minute limp ! Guess it just takes time ! 
Doppleganger Week : Change your photo to someone ( famous ) that you have been told you look like .... 
No more work till the 15th ! 
RETRO WEEK is over ! Starting now , post a picture of someone fictional that you think best represents your personality . Be creative . Copy and paste this so we can all play along . 
This was actually the easiest surgery I've ever had ! So far , so good ! :-) 
Yay ! Home from Lake Placid by 6:15 ! Not bad ! 
Last night at Lake Placid ... Headed home 2marrow , wonder what we'll run in to !?? 
Going to my post surgery follow up appointment today ... 
Heading to Cap'n Cats later ! 
Perfect conditions here in Lake Placid . No wind , nice and sunny ! 
My internet is very very very slow today !!! :-( 
LOL Bikini boy American Idol !! 
AVATAR 3D IMAX on Sunday ! It's the last showing ... 
ooops , found dental floss in the kitty litter box . 
Gotta do my roots today ... 
Going to check out the Nurse Jackie series on Showtime On Demand , starting on episode 1 ... 
I think the weather is messing up my internet ... :O ( 
Big Bang Theory is on ! 
I'm a union worker . I am not the problem . Teachers , police officers , paramedics , firefighters , road workers etc . are NOT the enemy . If you’re jealous of our benefits , FIGHT FOR YOUR OWN !, not against ours . The rich who created this crisis are putting middle class families against each other . We live here , pay taxes , work hard & try to support our families too . If you're a union worker , copy & repost 
It's been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live , and they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy ... but you will ALWAYS love them . Re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends , they will know who they are . 
can't sleep ... 
Had a great girls weekend at the wine fest , lots of fun !! :O ) I kinda regret not buying a bottle of the Chocolate-Cherry wine ... 
I discovered I scream the same way whether I'm about to be devoured by a great white shark or if a piece of seaweed touches my foot . 
Don't use a big word where a diminutive one will suffice . 
He who laughs last , thinks slowest . 

-Larry The Cable Guy 
Watching New Moon today ... 
FIRST CONCERT YOU ATTENDED ! Everyone please play ! It'll be fun to see what your FB friends first concert was . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your First Concert at the end of this sentence ... MENDUDO 
Oh no ! Newborn kittens with a Mommy cat at the warehouse at work !! 
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory . 
How many times is it appropriate to say " What ? " before you just nod and smile because you still didn't hear or understand a word they said ? 
Oh no ! Newborn kittens with a Mommy cat at the warehouse at work !! I can't do this rescue , I wish someone could ! 
True friends can go long periods of time without 
speaking & never question their friendship & pick up like 
they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been ........ REPOST 
if you are lucky enough to have at least one . 
REPOST : VIRUS SPREADING LIKE WILDFIRE ON FB . ITS A TROJAN WORM VIRUS CALLED KOOBFACE . ITLL STEAL INFO , INFEST YOUR SYSTEM AND SHUT IT DOWN . DO NOT OPEN THE LINK ( BARACK OBAMA CLINTON SCANDAL ) FB USERS DO NOT ADD HER !!! IF SOMEBODY CALLED " SMARTGRRL15 " , ADDS U , DON'T ACCEPT IT ... IT IS A VIRUS . IF SOMEBODY ON UR LIST ADDS THEM , U GET THE VIRUS TOO . COPY AND PASTE AND PLEASE REPOST 
needs a trailer repairman :O ( 
80's WEEK - Change your profile picture to one 
taken in the 1980's . Seehow many of us have changed .... for the 
worse .... or better !! Change yourpicture and repost this .. Give us all a 
laugh ..... 
No Way !! Pants on the ground guy is on American Idol finale !! He's actually kinda good ?? Whoa , wuz that William Hung ?? 
Off to the Wine Fest ! 
Things are getting rowdy outside at the fire pit !! 
Good thing there are no neighbors !! :O ) 
The ' Superbowl ' of American Idol ... on now ! 
Has anyone else discovered extra tiny ants this summer ? I think they are Thief Ants ...? They REALLY like it when you forget to put the lid on a jar of peanut butter !! 
Gonna try and fix leaks on the roof of my trailer today ... Hope it works ! 
ugh ... can't sleep ... 
Let's flood Facebook with this !!!... I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America , and to the Republic , for which it stands ; one Nation under GOD indivisible , with liberty and justice for all . REPOST IF YOU THINK GOD , OUR COUNTRY , AND OUR FLAG DESERVE RESPECT !!... Let's see how many Americans will repost ! 
Back to work ... night shift . 
So anyway , I've got a bubble bath ready , laying back , relaxing a bit ... waiting for my hair dye to soak in and then at the corner of my eye I see a squirming movement ... I look over and it's a centipede like 1 inch from my face !! I'm not sure I can accurately describe the bizarre sound that came out of my mouth ?? Maybe a cross between stepping on a dogs tail and Curly's wub wub wub sound ?? 
Just drove through a wicked storm ! Love it .... it went down to 75 degrees woohoo !! 
I'm not offended by all the dumb blonde jokes because I know I'm not dumb ... and I also know that I'm not blonde . 
Dolly Parton 
I know that you believe you understand what you think I said , but I'm not sure you realize that what you heard is not what I meant . ” 
-Robert McCloskey 
I wish mashed potatoes made the list of superfoods :O ( 
It's a nice clear night here to see the eclipse ... 
We never really grow up , we only learn how to act in public . 
Prednisone side effects include insomnia and indigestion :O ( 
" I make Jessica Simpson look like a rock scientist . " 
-Tara Reid 
10-10-10 at 10:10 
Dolphins are so smart that within a few weeks of captivity , they can train people to stand on the very edge of the pool and throw them fish . 
A bank is a place that will lend you money , if you can prove that you don't need it . 
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire , but it takes a whole box to start a campfire ? 
Corduroy pillows are making headlines ! 
Every 
person has 1000 wishes . A cancer patient only has one : to get better . I 
know that 97% will not post this as their status , but I know that my 
friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status , at least for 
an hour , in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still 
... fighting 
' Who Deleted Me ' App Very Spammy/ Fake ** Don't click on it or it will send bogus messages to a bunch of your friends advertising for it . 
Change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your 
childhood & invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday 11:49 
PM ( Dec . 6 ) there should be no human faces on facebook , but an invasion 
of memories . This is to fight violence against children , a great cause ...... pass it on !! 
Now watching ' The Sorcerer's Apprentice ' with Bob :O ) 
Finally got a new phone from this century , but had to type in my contacts by hand !! ugh !! 
In for night shift this weekend ... 
