Hung over :( it feels sooo bad . good night last night tho lots of fun !!!! 
Anybody wanting all american reject ticket ?? £17 18th october barrowland xxx 
ok red or white raybans ???? 
sooo bored :( need to do paint splatters for college tomorrow ... xxx 
Started College kindof yesturday it was fun , already have a project to do !! 
has a sore head :( .... anyway of to mcdonalds for replenishment :D :D :D xxx 
had a great time last night !! cant remember getting home and i have no idea where my coat went :( opps .. :D :D hahaha xx 
people i need stuff on farmville !!!! plz send me gifts :) :) :) xxx 
is putting up the xmas tree today :( bit early but the little brothers seem so excited :D :D xxx 
is getting her hair cut today :) but i dont know if i should go short again ???? any ideas people :) xxxx 
wooooo unconditional from RGU :D :D 
fucking moew 
i r sonnaa i like pokemonzz 
yeh blud tht is like proper cool init tho bruv 
woooo 
is sooooo bored :( xxx 
is happy today as i get to play with my new SLR camera :D need to take some pretty photos !! xxxx 
is going to make SOUP !!! 
MSN is being annoying again . wont let me sign in :( 
stoo is geting a puddy dug he is well gnarley 
anybody got a spare t in the park ticket ?? its highly unlikely that the mother will pay for mine :( even with me paying her back . xx 
finally jedward is out !!!!!! YAS :) whoop !! xxx 
titip tickets onsale !!! 
NME doing the same thing for tickets . 
is getting worried ticketmaster has said i have a 4 min wait for 15mins now and i dnt want to refresh the page :( 
has just applied for rgu and napier !!! 
No eating here tonight no no eating here tonight your on a diet . DORY !!!! 
wow 12 episodes of house in one go :P i love that guy he is awesome 
OMFG i have just filled a 250GB hard-drive !! i have so much crap :O ahaha 
ok time to start packing :D heading homeward tomorrow :D 
In Aberdeen off to find the flat now ! Xx 
It smells like summer outside my house :) freshly mown grass . Best smell in the world ! Xxxx 
has accomodation in aberdeen :D :D in rosemount . ensuite yay :D :D 
has a job interview for focus on wednesday !!! 
time to get drinking :D :D 
where the hell has the sun gone : @ 
smells bad :P 
likes being back at the flat , heating up , jammies on :D its nice being cozy when it bloody freezing outside and blowing a gale 
is considering starting a blog of my life in uni and aberdeen . thoughts ?!?! 
y ipod just got wiped i feel like a part of me has just been severd off . i dont have any music of movies stored on my laptop either :( i need to down load over 2000 songs and 30 movies . all because my mum wanted me to put something on her ipod and i unchecked everything on in the library then connected mine later on forgetting . booooo BAD TIMES 
Job interview for Mcdonalds next tuesday whoop !! also interview for focus went well shall know by tuesday how i did :) 
is on the macs at college and every file has been wiped from it ... im totally screwed now :( 
meh i hate days mum is off work i have to clean :( and get up earlier than normal boo !!! but i get to look at old photos so its not all bad :D 
driving instructor 30mins late ... you think he forgot . better not get bloody charged for it : @ 
hayfever is attacking with a vengence . it hurts :( 
THUNDER WOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
time to watch the italian job !! :D 
accommodation applied for !! 
As the poet said , ' Only God can make a tree ' -- probably because it's so hard to figure out how to get the bark on . Woody Allen 
Gordon brown is in dollar . security is everywhere . #pm 
Laura Leitch Callum Harrower Ashley White Alasdair Lewis Crow RAWR GRRRRRRRRRRRR :P love you :D 
YAS i am computer virus free :D i feel so clever outsmarting my laptop :D 
has a huge blister on her foot :( bad times 
flat night out :D :D its going to be messy :P 
Woo dont stop believing !!! Xxx 
just realised the clothes i ordered wont be delivered till tuesday coz of the bank holiday . boo :( 
OMG HUGE spider in the kitchen i completely freaked out . im actually shaking haha such a girl :D . on a better note MY DOG IS COMING HOME :D :D 
vodka jelly time !!! :D :D 
cool runnings ..... :D whoop !!!! i love this film used to watch it everyday when i got in from school 
good bye ipod library :( we had some good times together . but glee will destroy us all . 
time to watch top gear as i missed it last night :) 
Ashley White happy birthday :) xxxx 
anybody selling t in the park tickets ??? 
going to sit down and watch rocky horror !! not watched it in ages . 
s clothes have finally arrived :D :D :D 
Happy star wars day ! 
UV PARTY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WHOOP 
Mmmm homemade mac n cheese ! 
time to start getting ready for tonight :D !! 
Trust it to start raining when i finish work . Bloody typical . :-( 
Im loving Katy Perrys new album . Amazing Stuff !!!! 
Last Friday Night 
Yeah , we danced on table tops 
And we took too many shots 
Think we kissed , but I forgot 
Last Friday night 
Yeah , we maxed our credit cards 
And got kicked out of the bars 
So we hit the boulevard 
Last Friday night .... 
just fell in love with laura marling :D 
http://twitpic.com/1jqeay 
Titp in 24hrs !!!!!!!!! X 
why is my room always so bloody cold :( 
New Phone :) new number :( 
dont like tweet photo . im going to use twitpic in future 
guess whos going to TITP ..... me WOOOO !!!!! mud and booze soaked music weekend . xxxx 
1 vodka : ) 2 vodka : ) 3 vodka : ) DOOR ! 5 vodka : ) 6 vodka : ) 7 vodka : ) FLOOR ! : ) 
omg i just noticed that you can now like comments im slow !!! =] 
sooooo bored . 
Mmm nomnom crispy cake from Baynes !!! Yummy x 
Pub quiz time :) x 
Get up , and go out Me and all my friends We drink up , we fall down And then we do it all again !!! gotta love nickelback .. thats going to be my song for the summer for sure 
is so bored :( 
managed to get back from my induction at garthdee on my own with out getting raped murdered or lost :D rather proud of myself 
YAY google chrome is working again :D 
Is being subjected to Alexs painful music taste . :( 
smells like really smelly cheese . The smelliest cheese you can think of , but worse =] 
ARGHH first hangover of freshers !!!!!! :D last night was a spontaneous evening of awesomeness !!!!!!! 
T in the park ......... AMAZING WOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is going to watch home alone then lucky number slevin after i have washed the floors :D good day ! 
home alone time yay !! :D 
mighty boosh time :D plus crackers .... fun times 
is so bored its boring :( 
Wants to go Paintballing !!! Who wants to come . 
Mmm window cleaners hot son . So much nicer to watch than tv !!! Haha 
ok what colour should i dye my hair ? suggestions 
hayfever and a cold :( try sneezing with a blocked nose its not amusing :( 
is going to make pancakes for her little brothers :D im such a good sister haha 
Sunshine for t woo and they said heavy rain . Pfft :P xx 
Away shopping in Aberdeen . New dress new shoes . Good times 
just found out that i get to set up the new family pc on monday :) its a fancy touch screen one too :D im actually excited i feel so geeky :P 
heading home tomorrow :) 
ok food being delivered tomorrow morning :D then i get my wellies from the grandmother . so i might need to start packing haha :P 
So whos all out in fancy dress tonight ?? 
qHa ha the train just passed someone who was standing in the middle of a field in the middle of nowhere in calf deep snow . Taking pictures of the train . D 
I <3 Looooov !! :) :) 
lost my phone so im back with my old one now . 07938788446 text me your numbers xxx 
can wait to get home to dollar and have a white pudding supper from Moe's :D mmmmmm 2 days 
11days till im home :D :D 
watching the britney episode of glee ... i dont know how to react they all seem to be getting high and having britney speirs encounters . then rachel shows up looking like a whore !! and this is a family programme !! :O im shocked america 
RAWR !!!!!!!!!!! 
waynes world ... waynes world ... party time .... excellent !!! 
has decided to watch Reservoir Dogs instead of making pancakes !! x 
my head hurts :( 
soo bored :( need something to do . 
At the cinema to see karate kid . Amazing movie :) then Frankie and bennies . Good day . Pity about the moaning children . :( x 
has learned that pleasing everyone can be thankless and unsatisfying but pissing everyone off can be easy and sometimes even enjoyable ...!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HAha 
Fajita time ! 
needs a new tv show to watch . boredum has set in again :( 
is there snow in aberdeen ?? 
just watched the a-team --- it is amazing ^_^ :D :D 
Needs blog names and url ideas ! Any suggestions ? 
christmas music is being downloaded :) felt like getting into the spirit 
two fire alarms set off already both our block haha 
feels so ill :( 
left my vodka in the freezer too long and it froze : @ 
' my knee hurts ' ... ' which one ? ' ... ' my elbow hurts!' ha ha up is awesome ! 
oww feeling slighty ill after my binge last night . im either really drunk when everyone is nearly sober or sober when everyone is really drunk . damn :( i think i need a hug hahaha 
who thinks i should go make popcorn ?? 
heading out to Slains tonight with Rachel Sanders !! its going to be a fun night :) 
And then there was one . Feel so lonely sitting in the flat on my own :( every one else has gone home . 
guess who is home :D 
oooooo i love a good thunder storm :D :D very happy girl just now 
dont want to go to sleep incase the spider on my roof attacks me :O :( 
whats a good make of digital camera ? need to buy a new one as the old one has been sold 
away to dye my newly cut hair :D xx 
hates the fact i cant watch the brits :( 
mmmmm coffee :D 
:-( 
eating vodka jellys with a spoon 
gonna go make some pasta salad ... mmmmmm nomnomnom 
is away to make thai curry ^_^ happy times 
The Bbq is on ! :-) x 
moving day today :) aberdeen here i come ahaha 
wants to push you down the stairs and see if you fall like a slinky 
damned contact lens just ripped :( 
google chrome and firefox have stopped working im now on shitty internet explorer :( 
is loving pendulums new album :D 
Grandads dog Shian just got put down ... bad day :( 15 years though xxx 
himynameisshona.tumblr.com .. . << new blog check it out !!! 
library time :( then to a new get bus pass 
Yas i have internet in halls after a month !! 
wooo sparklers :D 
house party down stairs tonight :D union first though get wrecked haha 
im just going to admit it . i cant cope with out the internet its so bad ive connected the wii to the internet just to go on facebook ! 
god I feel stupid .. was charging my camera and wondering why after 2 hours it still had no charge to suddenly realise I hadn't turned on the charger 
whos all home this weekend ??? 
PARTAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
time to get ready for tonight :D 
Stephen Lorimer Guess what im watching ?!......... Me , Myself and Irene :D 
Thai curry time !! X 
just got £260 for SAAS im going to guess its travel expenses money as they didnt send me nothing bout it ... not complaining though :) 
has had way too much coffee . im actually shaking :P 
just heard a rumour that the foo fighters might be playing at T this year ... :D lets hope its true 
getting ready to head home :D 
mmmm ritz crackers :D 
really wants homemade soup today :( nothing better when its cold and snowy outside than some of mums homemade soup :D but i dont have any and can make any 
has a large Labrador that thinks it is a lap dog !! shes like a big breathing blanket :D 
Some Bastard just set off the fire alarm . So i get outside in my jammies and guess what ! Its snowing !! 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday , there should be no human faces on Facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is a campaignfor children's rights . End violence against children :) 
Hope everyone is having a lovely Christmas !! 
needs to go buy booze . but cant be bothered moving from her warm room 
24 year old Wayne Rooney earns £ 250,000 per week ! That amount of money will pay 10 British soldiers for a year . He makes front page news for all the wrong reasons . British soldiers only make front page news when they pay the ultimate sacrifice . Rooney needs to remember just how ......... insignificant he is in the greater scheme of things ! If you think Rooney is a tosser , copy and paste to your profile 
woooo im coming home :D :D 
ok people we have snow/sleet falling :D :D 
Happy new year everyone ! Xxxx 
On my way home ! Cant wait to see everyone ! 
cant wait for today to be over so i can start my alcohol fuelled weekend :D 
just watched singin in the rain :) go to love the classics cant believe i havent seen it before its actually decent 
Train Tickets Have arrived :D cant wait to go home 
FML its snowing ! AGAIN !! 
Tesco hurry up and bring me food im hungry : @ 
has managed to drop her mascara down behind her radiator : @ and now cant get it out .... :( 
qoes he not realise he can get photos from google . Idiot ! 
FML just sat down on the train and realised that ive left my phone charger back at the flat and that my phone has low battery :( x 
is tempted to be lazy and order in a pizza 
is going home on wed !!! yay 
oooo facebook has gone fancy when you click on someones photos 
whose coming out in aberdeen tonight ?! 
Titp line up looks good but nobody i would pay 200 to go and see . guess i wont be going this year . lets hope its better next year 
Stuff for cocktails ordered :D having a proper drinking sesh tomorrow night with the girls :D 
Is amazed how sober she is even though she has had several cocktails ! The union just seems to sober you up . 
just found a chippy that deliver :D :D 
i got water in my goddamn ear i can only hear on one side of my head . it is rather annoying 
sitting in the flat watching my old home movies from when i was little !! life was so simple . i have to say i was a bit retarded !! i didn't even crawl i commando crawled :P 
has decided that on pancake day im going to make banana pancakes :) 
has a sore head . thought you might want to know that :) 
ok here is a theoretical question for you all out there . If the world was going to end and you had one week to live what would you do ? 
has a strange urge to watch scooby-doo !! :D 
HAhaa david walliams is doing a 24 online live tv stint on the bbc for comic relief . 24 hours of comedy panel shows !!! 
doing an all nighter watching 24hour panel people on the bbc website !! Go David Walliams and all the celebs involved cant wait for QI at 1 in the morning ! 
Go to your profile . The first 5 friends in the sidebar are on your team in the upcoming Zombie Apocalypse . How screwed are you ? I've got : 
Kate McFarlane , Rachel Sanders , Kate Docherty , Hannah Side , Russell Mellon 
I think ill do fine :D out of all of us im probably the most likely to be killed off :P 
is on cocktails and coffee !! staying up all night with david walliams for comic relief !! 
WWWOOOOOOOO already been up for 18hrs planning to go on till noon tomorrow !! 
who is watching 24hr panel people ?? well im guessing not many as theyre not online :P 
Still awake ! Been up since 10am yesterday ! Going for the full 24hrs never actually stayed up for 24 straight hours before with no naps ! X 
Anybody do the full 24 hrs of 24 hr panel people ??? I did !!! 
Laura Leitch you would be proud !! im watching Clerks 
friend name game 
rules : type in each letter of the your name one by one into the search bar and write down who is first for each 
S-Shona Todd 
H-Hannah Side 
O-Goblet of Fire - The Harry Potter Drinking Game 
N-Natasha Wade 
A-Ashley White 
How i met your mother Marathon .... yes please ! 
Season 1 - DONE shower time then season 2 !! 
Woo 5hrs sleep in the past 36hrs ! Im so proud of myself . Im going to reward myself with sleep ! 
is considering just staying up all night again 
Should i dye my hair red or stay dark brown ? 
To perth for dinner then home ! 
going to have a lovely lazy afternoon in the house on my own :) 
calzone time :) 
Sticky toffee pudding :) mmmm 
needs some new music for my ipod . any suggestions ? 
wow cinema in stirling is twice as expensive as Aberdeen ! on another note Rachel Edmunds im loving Gypsy and the Cat ! 
Heading to ladies night at the local pub with the mother . Fun times ! :P 
blogspot or tumblr ?? 
Train journeys are so boring when you dont have an ipod . I dont know how people can cope without one ! X 
Is so bored :( 
time to fill in the census . better do it in pencil first :P 
has decided to watch every starwars movie !!! Geek Fest :P 
i shouldnt have had that coffee at 8 im gonna be up all night now :( 
wow the bbc website is down ! someone must have plugged in a hairdryer and shorted the system . #bbcblackout 
has officially become bored i just signed up for that formspring thing 
Ask me anything http://4ms.me/fMeQw4 
being bored is really boring 
i cant sleep must be #nickcleggsfault 
got to love LEGO !! and of course #Eddie Izzard http://youtu.be/Sv5iEK-IEzw 
Cake or Death !! uhhh cake please :) #EddieIzzard 
Ah cant sleep ! Might just boot up the laptop and do some uni work . 
really wants a polaroid camera !! 
Hates it when you need to get up but you then find the comfiest position to lie in 
c o-o p mozzarella isnt as nice as sainsburys 
