Everyone's about to hate me : I LOST THE GAME !!!!!! 
Just in case no one hears from me for days at a time ... I'm taking part in a thing that will require more than just a few hours of my time and more than I have of my energy ( personal thing ) . It should be done by the end of November , but then I have exams ... So ... yeah ... If anyone is in dire need to contact me , like ASAP , get my email from my info . I'll still be on , just way less often . 
I almost had a f^$%ing heart attack !! I was looking for pictures for a new wallpaper , and I clicked on some , but the last one i checked sent me to a site that said to check for malware !!!! but then i shut it down and ran some virus scans ... everything seems alright ... does anyone know a reliable place to look at pics ? and don't say photobucket . i loathe that site 
So guess what everybody ? ... I'm finishing Kingdom Hearts today !! XD it's only been ... six years ... but YAY !!!! 
-sigh- Not a good day . Football draft at my house , and then I think I started 2 fights with my closest friends .... -sigh- 
" APOLOGIZE !!! Apologize to the dazzling creature !! " ... lol 
Okay everyone . I've decided to write down all the memories from senior year , because the farther into college I get , the more I forget . -_-' so , it'd be cool if you people were to give me some stuff to write down too ! i like our memories together ! :D oh , and don't be offended if I check something to make sure it was you , because all you guys remind me of each other . so ... yeah .... 
So I just watched the last episode of Avatar : the Lasst Airbender again , with the extras . IN the bottom , when Aang and Katara kissed , it said , " Kataang wins ! " And then my mother and I started to discuss the pairing of Zutara . It was then my mom decided that the pairing of Maggie and Zuko ( <3 ) is Zaggie . :) Perfect !!!!!! 
Kingdom Hearts 2 sucks . I mean , it's just awful . The only god thing is the new camera stuff . Everything else is too hard and cannot be comprehended . I dunno if I can play it for a while , I'm so disgusted ... 
I just saw my sister walking home by herself . And i saw my bus pull into the parking lot . -sniffle- Is anyone else as sad as I am ? 
Urgh ... in Monstro ... can't beat last boss !!! T.T 
I miss Mr. Maluvac !! :'( 
Hey , most of you guys watched Nick Jr. When you were kids , right ? Okay , so does anybody remember Face ? I miss Face ... They have a moose and a bird right now , and the moose scares me . 
Everyone , stop what you're doing ! Nick has announced an Avatar : TLA spin-off ! It's 70 years later , and the new Avatar is a girl named Korra ! I-I don't know what to feel ! I'm happy , but what happened to Zuko and Sokka ?! And Iroh is totally dead now ! What happened to my spin-off , where Zuko , Sokka , and Iroh went on a journey to find Zuko's mom ?! T-T 
I will pay someone 5 Maggie dollars to stick their tongue to a basketball pole and take a picture ! It's cold enough ! ( and remember , 1000 Maggie dollars equals an entire real dollar ! ) 
so , does anyone know where i can get a masters in computer science ? i wanted to get it at uc , but the requirements for it , and the minor (!) , are ridiculous , to put it nicely . i mean , i will if i have to , but it'd be a pain my my a ** . so ... any suggestions ? 
Does anybody know how to defend yourself against mangafox viruses ? Because I've searched for a good manga site all over the internet , and they either don't exist or have worse viruses , or have a baaaaaad selection . I need manga NOW !!! SO please tell me how to defend myself , or tell me a better manga site . Thank you ! 
So I went to see the Prince of Persia last night ... It was pretty good , but throughtout the entire movie , he Yu-Gi-Oh theme song was playing in my head . o.O WHY ??! 
Well , I think I'm going to be put on academic suspension . Because no one ever told me what would happen if i didn't go to my FREAKING ACADEMIC COACHING SESSIONS !! I was going to go when the weather was better , but it's gotten worse . and i'm going to be screwed if i don't get to five before the 14th . SO F*CK YOU , UC ! THANKS FOR TELLING ME !!! >:( 
Okay , I'm going to change my major to education . but what teaching would i be better at ? K-3 , 4-6 , or 7-12 ? i can't decide 
As much as I love you , my friends , I must ask something ... WHY ARE YOU FRIENDING MY PARENTS ?!!! IT'S CREEPY !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Nothing is sadder than reading stuff about the game you've had 5 years and haven't beaten and see that a whole bunch of kids under 10 said how easy it was ... I am sad ... 
Most epic thing ever . There's this movie called ' Hung ' right ? And my dad teasingly asked my mom if she wanted to see ' Hung ' . And she said , " For what ? " Think about it . :) Love you , mom . 
Guess what ?! Restarted the KH 1 , and I beat the Tarzan level !!!! Skipped the coliseum .... facing CLoud now ... He's so hot ! 
Does anyone know the difference between KH : Chain of Memories and KH Re : CHain of memories ? ONe's PS2 the other's GB Advanced .... but are they the same game ? 
Did anyone hear ? THe middle school had a threat of some sort ! HA !!! ALREADY ?!! 
Hey everybody , I have a question for you : has anyone ever had a teacher named Mrs. Moody ? My sister has her right now , and the biznatch is making my sis have , like , anxiety attacks . Any info on her would be AWESOME !!! 
-slams head on desk- so , this is what less than an hour of sleep does to a person ... i'm pretty sure that half the kids thought i was hungover when i walked to class . 
-_-' 
You know you need to clean your room when you put a book on your bed , turn to your dresser , turn back around , and the book is somehow half way across your room on your computer chair . O.o 
My room is clean ! Although it seems the things in my closet have relocated to under my bed . 
i love this !!! 
http://images1.fanpop.com/images/photos/1300000/Saix-Puppy-kingdom-hearts-1338313-777-1500.jpg 
Someone please tell me how to beat giant Ursula in KH1 !! I keep failing !! It's been 3 days ! I can't even get her to the green health bar !! Who should I use ? WHat keyblade should I use ?!! GRAAAAHHH !!!! 
So I've discovered something very important about beating the first Kingdom Hearts : FOLLOW THE FREAKING STRATEGY GUIDE !!!!!!!!!!! i forgot to stock up on potions , and i couldn't follow the Wonderland stuff . T-T I'm sad ! 
ATTENTION : All manga and anime fans ! Do you know Cardcaptor Sakura ? If so , please tell me how many manga there are ! I have 12 , but I recently stumbled across six more ! Now I don't know whether to buy them or not ... ' Cause if I pay money for manga I already have , I will scream , or cry .... 
You know you're lazy when you're looking for breakfast and you go : " I don't want toast ' cause that means I have to toast it and butter it , " " I don't want french toast sticks , ' cause I have to microwave them , " and the worst of all , " I don't want cereal ' cause that means I have to get out the milk and pour it . " 
I've decided to get over my fear of horror movies by watching them ( shows you how busy I am ... ) ! I've decided to start with Freddy and Jason stuff . Anyone got any more movies ? 
Okay , are there any viruses on Mangahut or Ourmanga ? 
omg , omg , I'm laughing so hard . i was bored , so i changed the name of my recycle bin to ' Azkaban ' so now when I delete things , it says , " Do you want to send -insert name of thing here- to Azkaban ? " god i love me 
College is like highschool , except ( is it possible ? ) worse . there's more studying and homework , and worst of all , there is no one here that i know . T.T well , anyone i like anyway . I've spotted many a highschool nemesis here . HOW DID THESE PEOPLE EVEN GET IN COLLEGE ?!! bribes , i'm betting . and nemesis ' make college sadder . -sigh- i miss highschool . 
Connecting to wifi at UC ( anywhere , including their tech lab ) is like trying to lick your own elbow ... IMPOSSIBLE !!! It took me , like , 30 minutes to connect to wifi , and i only have 1 BAR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I beat 358/2 days ! So cute and sad ! I hated Xion though . It was her fault Axel and Roxas weren't speaking in the end . I was glad she died . 
Urk ! I have just learned ... Never , under any circumstances , are you to yawn with a Gobstopper in your mouth ! I'm still trying to hack the damn things up ! 
So I just finished watching the original FMA and I loved it ! Easily the best anime ever ! Though there was much sobbing at the end . And , I have to ask ... did anyone else hate Winry as much as I did ? Also , compared to the original and FMA : Brotherhood , which is better ? I think FMA : B is more polished and all . I just can't decide ... 
okay , so i know how to drive , and i know the rules of the road . but before i can take my driving test , i have to learn how to park . both regular and parallel . have any tips ? 
Alright , in an attempt to read manga online , I need somewhere to go ( OM doesn't have the one I want , Mangafox and Animea are virus havens ) . I found a site called mangatoshokan , and a Norton review said it didn't have anything bad . What do you guys think ? Ever heard of it ? 
You know how some days go faster than others ? Well today had to be , like , 2 days . I thought at some point , " Hmm , it feels about five . I should start getting ready to go home . " So I started packing up my stuff , and I looked at the clock ... 1:30 ... HOW ?!! 
Alright , anyone who took their driver's test at the place in Lawrenceburg , could you tell me what they score you on ? ' Cause I think I'm ready ! 
Everyone , I would like you to bow to me . I have just completed a 4 page essay in 2 hours ! BOO YAH !!! 
So I finally bought a PSP and KH : Rebirth with it . So excited ... Only to come home and find out that I need a f$%*ing memory card to go with it ! WHY DON'T THEY PUT THAT ON THE BOX ?!! 
Trying to get all online classes next semester ... what are your guys ' plans for next sem ? btw , what are any of your majors anyway ? i'm going to be a librarian !! :D 
Guess who just took her Japanese oral final and NAILED IT ?!?!? .... not me ... probably that girl who came in behind me . i totally flunked that !! but , i no longer care ! YAY !!! 
Well , guess who got put on f***ing academic probation ! Just because my gpa was a tiny bit below what they want ! 
So a 1 day vacation to Disney . Better than no days . 
UC sucks !!!!! >:( 
BLUEBERRY ! 
So grandpa is gone , and Uncle S . is back ... crazy days ... 
Stripes , my cat , is mesmerized by the Angry Birds game on the Ipad ... SOOOO CUTE !! 
Has anyone heard of Michelle Phan ? I LOVE HER ! She's does these makeup tutorials on YouTube ( and other stuff ) and her videos are just so much fun to watch ! 
my mouse , Jirayia died last night . 
I learned something today . Just because you and your major advisor schedule an appointment , does not mean that they have to come . ... $*&% !!!! 
You guys remember when people used to pass notes ? 
ugh .... college is giving me an ulcer ... i have a test today that i have yet to study for , and probably won't ... and then i logged on to my online english class today to find out that i have a paper due , even though he never told us this ! GRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA ! 
Have you guys heard about the UFO ? It looks pretty cool . It reminds me of that older UFO report , where it was really big and triangular and the lights were coming on one by one . The airforce peoples won't talk to the media though , so ... aliens , or maybe the gov . Not looking good . 
So I learned that the three dots we tend to use a lot ( y'know ' ... ' ) is called an ellipsis . ... and that my friends is what I have learned in college . 
" All that glitters is not gold " . Sometimes it's morons pretending to be vampires . -great quote ! 
95% of teens would cry if they saw EDWARD CULLEN at the top of a skyscraper about to jump . Put this as part of your sig if you are part of the 5% that would sit here with popcorn and a camera and yell " DO A FLIP !!! " - i would totally do that ! 
Anyone know how to pass a Japanese oral exam ? T-T i suck . 
You know you're addicted to fanfiction that whenever you have to look up something , you end up going to fanfiction.net . I did that yesterday to look up something for class and didn't even realize I was doing it ' til I started to read the beginning of a fanfic . -_-' 
Heather and I went to EC today ! We got to see some teachers ! I didn't get to see my children though ! -sniffle- 
' kay , has anyone heard of Chuang Yi publishing ? They're a legit company , and I want to buy a manga from there , but I dunno if I should trust it . You ? 
Okay , let's get this hellish holiday over with . 
I keep having this weird dream where all I'm doing is talking to a rabbit while I knit sweaters ... This is , like , the fifth night . I'm scared . O.O 
Well , I'm almost 100% sure that I'm changing my major to Education with English and Business minors . 
So I finally finished the 2nd book in the Kiesha'ra series . I liked it , but I confess , I like Kel way better as Erica . Kel was ... meh . I liked that Rei was Sebastian , but I didn't like the Kel and Rei pairing . I was sort of hoping for some competiton between him and Zane ... blah . 
So I've been playing 358/2 days ( because I'm always doing something , I can't stay attached to the PS2 ; the DS is portable ! :D ) and I just realized I'm on day 304 . I was like , " What the f*ck ?! When did this happen ?! " i'm so sad that it's drawing to a close ! but excited , because it'll be the second KH game I beat ! ( though it's driving me nuts that I'm playing out of order ) . 
