Hi everyone ~ Welcome to the Book of my Face . (: This is my new page because my old account was acting up . Sorry for the confusion ! Thanks for adding me . :D 
My name is Victoria and I have a bad habit of making new accounts . I know this already . >.< 
TV news programs about " media entertainment " are stupid . How could those " reporters " possibly be talking about stupid and irrelevant celebrities like Justin Bieber or Lindsay Lohan when there are disastrous things occurring and good people dying in the real world ? Omfg , it blows my mind . 
You're an IDIOT if you compare Pearl Harbor to Japan's Tsunami/Earthquake . REALIZE : 1 ) EVERYONE fucked over someone in this world , 2 ) current victims in Japan are NOT responsible for Pearl Harbor , 3 ) this is NOT " karma " for anything . NOT ALL Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor ( some fought for USA ); e.g. just how NOT ALL Whites participated in slavery . ( Where's those haoles ' karma ? ) Don't link IRRELEVANT SHIT together ! 
donated money for Japan again . My boyfriend selflessly donated $80 from his hard-earned savings ... Thank you for being so generous , caring , and thoughtful ; I'm grateful your speech aligns with your actions . You make it so easy to be in love with you ... (: By the way , there's donation areas around UH Manoa if anyone is wondering ! There was an email about it . 
thinks it's annoying when random classmates ( but not friends ) ask me , " What did you get on your test/assignment ? " because 85% of the time , they use that question to show off their score/grade . A girl told me , " Yeah , I'm doing really awesome in all those classes and I got a 114 on the exam . " Glad to know you got an " A " on class performance but how about you aim for an " A " in life humility ... 
OMG , the same guy that hit on me on New Year's hit on me when I was sitting by a bus stop . He kept asking if I wanted to go to his HOUSE ( apparently it's " fun " ) that night and today , he asked if I wanted a ride ... ON HIS ONE-SEATER BIKE . For a bald , cock-eyed guy that likes to flirts on a crappy bike , he sure has a lot of confidence . +1 for guts but , -100 for your creepiness . -___- 
got my tax return ... Guess how much I got ? FOUR DOLLAS !!! -.- 
needs to keep reminding myself to not worry about situations but rather , remain vigilant and create positive change . Striving to keep my thoughts aligned with my speech aligned with my behavior ... Things will get better ! Just believe and do ... 
Say " curtain " and " mountain " out loud before you read on . Today my EALL Caucasian classmate pointed out my emphasis on the ' t ' sound in these two words . He said , " Look , you locals with your ' t ' sound . " The standard English pronunciation for words like " curtain " and " mountain " are " cur'an " and " moun'an . " I didn't know , LOL . 
OMFG ! I GOT UH'S PRESIDENTIAL SCHOLARSHIP ! ? ONLY 10 PEOPLE OUT OF ALL THE INSTITUTIONS IN HAWAI'I GET THIS ! I'LL BE GETTING $ 2,000 EVERY SEMESTER FOR 2 YEARS AND A ONE-TIME TRAVEL AWARD FOR $ 2,000 ! ? I'M SO HAPPY ! ^___^ I WORKED SO HARD FOR THIS ! ? > w < On the flip side , now I have to maintain a 3.7 GPA for the rest of my school days ! O___O 
home from Honolulu Club and Genki Sushi with my family . :D 
I will give you back everything and more . It will never be enough and it will always be too late but I will do my best to make you two happy and satisfied because you both deserve this more than anyone I know . This is my promise to you . I love you , Grandma and Mom . <3 
It's hot . I'm lazy . I'm gonna go float in my pool , LOL . -___- 
hung out with my mom today for the first time in years ( not exaggerating since she's always working and I'm always at school ) . We actually had fun ; neither of us got annoyed or argued . This is an absolutely HUGE change from before ... I love it . (: 
" Baby ??? ??????? So come on now and ????? ~ " (: 
Sometimes , certain people complain of friendships , relationships , work and school events " disappearing " or " not happening " without ever deeply reflecting about " how and why am I here " or " how and why do I want to get there " and rather , blame irrelevant things or other persons . Everyone has their ups and downs but you're only making it worse with negative thinking and lack of action ... 
There are some truly amazing and beautiful people in this world . Though I feel inferior sometimes , I'm thankful they exist because it makes me have hope in humanity and fuels my passion to help the universe . One positive person compensates for a hundred negative ones . Spread light in life ~ 
A bowl of rice ... Every grain in the bowl like a hope in the heart like a dream in the mind like a will in the soul . Never thought I'd be this thankful for a bowl of rice but reflecting upon it , why wouldn't I be ? Every grain in the bowl like a blessing in the life like a star in the universe like a soul in the enlightened . What's not to be thankful for ? /end corniness 
A BIRD SHIT ON MY LIPS TODAY . No seriously ... I was talking to Shane under a tree when I looked up at him and all of a sudden , I FELT A WARM AND WET SUBSTANCE ON MY MOUTH . It was green and white poop ! -___-" Good thing I didn't open my mouth , omfg . I better get some AMAZING good luck from this . T___T 
is sick ... ): I've had stomach pains since yesterday afternoon . I tried to sleep at 10:30 p.m. but I awoke because I felt like I had to vomit but I can't . I feel super cold even though I had three layers of blankets on ... I think I got food poisoning again . ): 
Happy 14 months to Ikaz Abyss and I ! ^___^ <3 
just ordered a new laptop for school . ????! ^___^ <3 
is hanging out with my momma . O: 
had another awesome day with my love ~ <3 But I feel sick again ... ): 12 days of school left ! 32 days until California trip ! 70 days until hypothetical Taiwan trip ! :D 
My PSY 499 classmate ( a mother in her mid 20's ) asked , " What's a brothel ? " When another classmate ( a mother in her late 40's ) said " whorehouse " , she asked , " What's a whorehouse ? " LMAO . -___- 
got a 91% on my PSY 212 exam and a 94% on my PSY 250 exam , yay ! :D 
People seem much more different online than in person . That , or you never knew them well enough to begin with . Sometimes , it's their inner slut or emo that shocks you . But more importantly , it's the explicit reminder of their humanity that's really surprising . In that instance , one can't help but feel compassion for them . 
is relearning my piano notes , haha . > w < 
can't believe my boyfriend never watched Boondocks before . I'm making him watch it right now . :333 
?????! ????! ????! T T___T T 
wasted too much time playing a clone of Diablo called Fate . All this bloatware on my laptop is distracting me ... I'm either deleting it or playing it ! -___- 
?????????????????? ~ Temple and dim sum with family today ~ :D 
learned the first part of Für Elise today ... I wish my fingers could sound like they're making love to the piano . D: 
I wish I had unlimited time , money , and energy . One of the things I would do is learn all the languages in the world and travel to experience every culture there is ! :D It'd be so fun and interesting ! 
Heavy rain , thunder , lighting , and tornadoes ... WTF is happening ? Stay safe everyone ... ): 
My mom said " love u " in a text ... Coming from a Chinese parent , especially with our family history , I consider this very touching , haha . (: 
No more classes ! :D Now I have to study for 3 exams and write a 6 page paper ... 
This world is filled with tragedy , pain , and suffering ... The more I realize , the more reason I have to be thankful . What I have , who I know , where I am , and how I am is nothing short of a miracle ... I should and will be more appreciate for my life . 
playing piano at 4:00 a.m. <3 
is going to fight insomnia by running . O: 
Happy 15 months ! :D I love you , baby ~ ? Today is our last monthiversary until September . ): 
Omg grandma , Y U BRING HOME JUNK FUD ? D:< I need to go running today . T T___T T 
I can't wait to get my finals done with . Writing a 6 page paper and studying for 3 exams is too stressing ... JUST GIVE ME A'S . ):< 
is talking to my family in Taiwan on Skype . O: 
spent 3 hours at Honolulu club with my momma . Happy Mother's day to everyone's mom ! :D ??????? ~ <3 
is in the living room yelling at my mom in her bedroom . After five minutes of no answer , I yell again . Mom : " What , what you want la ? " Me : " Mom ... " Mom : " Call my cell phone . " Me : " Wtf , why ? You can hear me , right ? " Mom : " Then I call you . " Me : " No , you can hear me ! " Mom : " Okay , then text me . I'm doing my hair and watching Korean drama la . " -___- 
wish I had a big group of close friends to hang out with like I had back in the day ... I miss when best friends , deep conversations , and good times never ran out . I feel like I'm missing out when I'm studying hard while others seem to always be having fun . I sacrifice a lot for my priorities ... Hopefully , it'll pay off soon . )': 
Open house with my momma today . I hope we can move . :333 
OMG , WE'RE GOING TO MOVE ! Damn , my momma is AWESOME . She immigrated with nothing , learned English , got an AA , has a stable career , & supports 3 people on 1 income ( just to name a few of her OUTSTANDING accomplishments ) . Now she's buying a new home for us with her HARD-EARNED money ... She's my HEROINE . ? I LOVE YOU , MOM ! 
is so sleep deprived that when I napped for 15 minutes , I fell into the REM stage and had a vivid dream . = = 
" I get so excited talking to you that I forget to breathe sometimes ! " - My boyfriend , LOL . <3 
isn't going to Taiwan anymore ... I have to help my mom with the new apartment ; it's selfish too since it's so expensive . My summer is going to be filled with classes , volunteer work , and packing and cleaning . O: 
IS FINALLY DONE WITH FINALS ! ^___^ I'm so happy I could cry . Two of my professors called me their star student ... But before you say anything , my nose is clean and pets aren't allowed in class ! I work super hard in school , okay ~ )': No more academic stress until May 23rd ... =___= I hope everyone has a awesome summer ! /end long status 
Another day , another person trying to recruit me to their religion ... -___- 
" If I was straight , I think I would a moke or a breaker . Breaker as in ' dancer ' , not as breaking things . " LMFAO , DEE . 
My body hurts from 1 hour of Zumba and 1 hour of muscle conditioning ! T__T Time to eat dim sum , nom nom nom . 
Packing is annoying ... ): But at least I'm going on a vacation ~ 
Brb , going to Cali . 
is loving this chilly weather in Cali . Also , I just saw Jeannie Mai . O: 
got an A for PSY 212 ! :D 
If Disneyland is missing something , it's some authentic Asian food ! All I've been eating are hamburgers , hot dogs , sandwiches , and potatoes ... I need some fish and noodles ! I miss Hawaii ~ 
I've missed you so much , HI ~ <3 There's no place like home ! (: 
My PSY 352 ( Human Sexuality ) course is crazy . Butt plugs , lesbians , BDSM , and " disabled " sex were just a few of the interesting topics discussed today . I can tell I'm going to enjoy this class , haha . 
saw some familiar faces today and it was quite refreshing catching up with old friends . (: This summer should be fun regardless of my love being gone for 3 months and my Taiwan trip being cancelled ... I can't wait to rekindle some friendships . :D 
" DAMN , what a gorgeous girl . Too bad you're not wearing a bikini . You like bikinis ? You want a bikini ? I'll buy you a bikini . You like bikinis ? Buy 1 , get 1 free . I give you 2 bikinis . You like bikinis ? " said a crazy old Black guy with a walker to me ... 
going to Kissa10 to do homework with Deanthony Nachampasak , lolol . :s 
Interesting night being the only sober person . O: 
Nordstrom Cafe with Deanthony Nachampasak again , keke ~ ???? ~ ? 
" If you own a vagina , get comfy with it . If you interact with vaginas and have access to one , now is the time to study it ! This is your homework assignment , " said my Human Sexuality professor , LOL . 
had a fun Taco and Movie night ~ My head hurts from watching Hangover 2 . -___- 
Some interesting things from class : Greeks thought big penises were BAD ; small ones = cultured & intelligent . Black men stereotyped as having big penises came from White people seeing them negatively during the slave trade ; big = animalistic . Asian men stereotyped as having small penises came from discrimination in California when immigrants took on washing & cooking jobs ; they tried to make Asians look " feminine . " 
is talking to my boyfriend on Skype while my mom trolls in the back . Me : " Mom , stop eavesdropping ! " Mom : " My ears not dropping ; they still here . " Omg . -___- 
Gym time ! * determined face * 
... I downloaded MapleStory again . 
I'm studying female and male anatomy for PSY 352 when my mom looked at my paper and said , " That's testis , scrotum , and that's the urethra . It open like one water fountain . " Can you tell my mom is a R.N. with her technical description ? LOL . 
Happy 16 months to my love and me ! I LOVE YOU , BAOBEI ! <3 
wants to travel to France , Italy , Greece , Barcelona , New York , China , Canada , Denmark , Switzerland , Thailand , and India , just to name a few ... But most importantly , I need to return to Taiwan ! ): I miss my other island so much ... </3 
Omg , I did 5 minutes on the elliptical , 15 minutes on the treadmill , 30 minute class of abs and glutes , and 1 hour class of zumba ! I'm so tired ... =____= 
It's so annoying how close-minded people can be , and how they can totally misunderstand a concept . My professor gave a profound lecture on the term " sex " and its different meanings ( anatomical , chromosomal , behavior , orientation , etcetera ) . A classmate thought she didn't know what sex was because she kept asking " what is sex " ( there's no singular definition ) . He said , " I was going to ask if she wanted a demo . " Wtf ... 
is home from the mortgage meeting with my mom ... Cleaning , packing , and moving is going to be hard but it doesn't matter because I'm really excited about the new apartment ! :D 
needs a haircut very badly . Anyone know of some good hair salons ? 
It's so fucking unfair when I have genuine problems and want support , understanding , and empathy from a friend and end up getting ignored , criticized , or overshadowed by their problems . I try so hard to be there for people and all I get is nothing in return . I'm a human being too ; just because I don't bitch about my life all the time doesn't mean I don't hurt inside ... 
Today is the first session with my fitness trainer . O: 
is super full from dim sum ~ :D Also , I really " HATE " this holiday . I get super sad and jealous when I see daughters with their fathers but I hope those hard-working , supportive , and loving dads have an awesome day ! Kudos to MEN who don't abandon their family like my deadbeat father did to us . (: 20 years of hurt and still going ... 
Mom : * reading newspaper article * You know this guy ? He Psychology major and he work at Milawn . Me : Just because I'm a Psychology major doesn't mean I know all the people who major in it too ... And what's Milawn ? Mom : You say you always eat at Milawn . * points at text * Me : OMG MOM , it says " MILLIONS . " Mom : Oh , I not wearing glasses . -___- 
And so we begin a new chapter in this book called life ... 
Even if it feels initially uncomfortable , frightening , and novel , I really like where we are and I'm excited to see where we're going . I'm starting to see you differently and learning to appreciate your entirety . Wherever life takes us , I hope you stay right beside me facing the future with open hearts and bright eyes . Thanks for being an amazing human being , Shane ! (: <3 
My heart does the tango , with every little move you make ... Sweet cherry bomb bomb , when ya gonna come ?... Stuck on you , I've got this feeling down deep in my soul that I just can't lose ... You're my pretty little ' ehu girl who made me a fool in love ... Lmao , I can't stop listening to island music right now . o.O 
Sososorabol ~ 
Today in Psychology , I learned that you can elevate your mood by raising your arms up . THROW YOUR HANDS UP , EVERYONE ~ I wish I had more arms so I could hold them up while doing my homework ... (??_?) ? 
Gary : Will you be my fag hag ? Me : Uh , aren't I already ? Gary : Well , good . You're my first one . I need at least three . Me : Wtf , why ? Gary : Cause just in case one isn't there for me , I have a Plan B , Plan C ; you get what I mean . LOL . 
Who remembers R.L. Stine ? I liked his " Give Yourself Goosebumps " books . I used my fingers as bookmarks to make sure I could flip back if I ever " died " , lol . 
Certain things are just not worth my time , energy , and care . It's time to prioritize my goals again ~ I need to be realistically optimistic and resiliently optimizing ...! 
[ On the Phone ] Me : What are you eating ? You should like you're suffocating ... Gary : I'm eating salt and vinegar chips . Quack , quack . Wait , why the fuck did I say " quack " ? I meant to say " crunch . " LMAOOO . 
10 hours to do EVERYTHING for statistics class . Time starts ... Now ! D:< 
If you identify as homosexual and call yourself or others " faggot " or any derogatory words that relate to your sexual orientation , don't be offended when others copy you ( even if it's not " right " or nice ) . You give yourself a bad name and allow others to circulate the hate . Think before you speak , please ! This refers to all malignant speech . Words that describe an identity should not be used negatively ! 
is going to FedEx after Curry House to print out my Sex Campaign " Fetishes , Pornography , and Sex Toys " pamphlet for Human Sexuality class ... Hope it won't be awkward when they see the sex toy mosaic I made ... 
Age is nothing but a number ? I beg to differ ! Imagine all the years he has lived before you ... When you were 2 , he was 24 ; that's a 2 decades difference ! Could he not find someone his age ? What do you two have in common to get married so quickly ? Maybe I'm being cynical but I wonder if you " truly love " him or his money ? I guess it's " okay " as long as you're both happy . It's still interesting though . O: 
I'M SO HAPPY FIRST SUMMER SESSION IS DONE ! (????) ? On a side note , a bitch insulted my group project . It's fine to dislike it but must you keep saying " ew " or " gross " ? They also voiced many absurdly shallow opinions during class . Her & her friend are the most annoying , ditzy , ignorant , condescending , & close-minded girls ever ! I'm sorry you don't know how to accept & understand human sexuality . 
Have you ever discovered a new artist and gotten a strange but comfortable déjà vu sensation from their songs ? It feels like an old friend , a warm blanket , and a cup of hot cocoa ... 
OMFG , MaRegine Cabbab , Jason Hwang , Bree Ah Nee , Minji Pae ! I FOUND OUT WHO * HE * IS MARRIED TO , OMFG ! BREE AND MAREGINE , DO YOU REMEMBER THAT WOMAN WHO KEPT DEBATING WITH HIM IN CLASS ? IT'S HER , OMFG ! 
Zumba + Dim Sum + Temple + Ala Moana = Good quality time with my mom and grandma ~ :D 
??????????????. ????????? " ?? " , ?????? " Xing Zhang . " ???????????????. ??, ???????????????. ????, " ???. " ??????, ??????? " ?? " ????????. ???, ?????????????? " ?? " ?! HAHAHA . 
A group of girls walked by a weirdo sitting at Ward . He took out his phone and took pictures of them when they weren't looking so I yelled , " Stop taking pictures of girls , you fucking pervert ! " That's so fucking gross , sneaky , and pathetic . Watch out for weirdos , ladies ! 
My mom came out of her room holding her phone and cup and asked me , " Do you want a blackberry ? " I thought she wanted to buy me a new phone but she set her cup down and said , " Drink the smoothie , it has blackberry . " T___T 
got an A+ for both of my PSY 225 and PSY 352 courses , omg ! I can't believe it . o___o All that hard work paid off ... >.< 
Omg , why is my speech professor so damn attractive ? @___@ I thought he was a student because he looked so young , ahhh ! 
just came home from the UH Regents and Presidential Scholars dinner ! I met so many talented , motivated , aspiring , and bright scholars ! I am very humbled and thankful to have earned the scholarship . > w < I will work harder than ever to prove my worth , push my my limits , repay my family , and achieve my goals ! :D <3 
Gary : Did you hear about the celebrity who killed herself ? Me : No , who ? Gary : You know the blonde one that starred in ' Legally Blonde' ? Me : Omg , there were a lot of blondes in that movie . Gary : The main one , what's her name ? Me : Reese Witherspoon ? Gary : NO , WITHAKNIFE ! -___- 
Me : Well , one thing I said was that I liked literature ; reading , and writing . Gary : No offense but , you were born in the wrong era . No one our age likes those things ; I think only like 10 other people at UH share those interests with you . LMAO . ): 
I want to eliminate all negative thoughts , feelings , actions , and relationships , and I'm ready to make positive changes and sacrifices in my life . I just want to be a better me : a happy , confident , and loving me . #motivated #corny #whyamiusinghashtagsthisisnteventwitter #lol 
Laughing our asses off , gazing at the stars and the ocean , digging our toes in the sand , dancing in the middle of the night , reflecting about our lives ... Fun times with my bestie Gary . ? :D 
4 of hours of sleep , 2 hours of exercise , 1 hour of eating , and 3 hours of shopping ... My mom bought me a professional outfit worth around $250 from Banana Republic . O___O 
Lucky live Hawai'i ... 
What are some interesting and controversial issues that have been in the news recently ? I need to do a extemporaneous speech on something I can be super passionate about . 
Deanthony ALWAYS has to use the bathroom when I call him . Dee : " You should be enchanted by the sounds of my urination . " No ... Just , no . 
I kind of want to be involved with robotics ... It seems fun and interesting . O: 
I love being on the beach at night . The sound of breaking waves , the chilly breeze flowing around , the stars and the moon shimmering in the infinite night sky ... So soothing , so tranquil ... I just want to fall asleep there . 
My extemporaneous speech will be on support for gay marriage rights . Would anyone like to give me substantive and credible reasons why this should or should not happen ? O: 
Facebook needs to stop making stalking so easy . Why must you auto-update every single thing someone does ? I don't care if Bob commented and liked John's sister's son's picture .......... So unnecessary ! 
I really want to deactivate my Facebook . 
" Humor is the herb of life . " - Deanthony ... Wut ? 
Weekends fly by too quickly ... Why won't you stay with me , just for a moment longer ? 
