" I believe its a residual haunting- a traumatic event must have happened and the entity is afraid its going to loose its home so its fighting back " - okay sure except that's not a residual haunting that's an intelligent one -___- . 
Is camping , hunting for wendigos . 
Lá Fhéile Pádraig Shona ! Am ar dul a fháil Guinness , is dóigh liom sa bhaile beag tinn d'Éirinn . 
was up all night and I have school in an hour . Looks like I'll be sleeping in the middle of class again . 
so so far all paranormal activity taking place in this house are easily explained by science ( aresol cans left open , too many wires left unchecked , bad plumbing and just plain old house decay ) looks like I'll be able to wrap up early and without any scratches . 
just bought a bunch of new equipment for Ghost Hunting . 
am I the only one not shocked by the girl's up bringing in Kick Ass ? That was my childhood too ! 
is slightly dizzy from his fever . 
okay so I have one of these things , I'm not sure what to do with it . 
might have a new case , people are drowning on land in a town on the California coast . Sounds like a Ghost Ship going up there to investigate and or help a few tortured souls pass on via a torch and rock salt . 
watched the Walking Dead , its a really great show ! 
is quickly running out of money . 
what was a pagan God doing in America anyways ? 
thermal on , flashlight ready , cameras set up , weapons loaded and 15 cups of coffee in I am so ready to get this hunt started ! 
is drenched , I hate Ghost Ships . 
is about to drink these Americans under the table . 
has developed a cold . I'm taking medication though so I don't have to stop hunting while I get over it . 
is sick of being asked for his ID , kiss my ass , I've been drinking beer since I was 14 ! 
just got a chain mail about some dead girl coming to my house one dark stormy night ........................ sin amháin a bheadh taibhse mhoilliú ! 
Ever watch daytime tv ? Its terrible . 
most of the time when I watch Ghost Investigation shows the only thing I can think of is that eventually I'm going to have to be saving their asses . 
is in the middle of nowhere with a killer truck on his ass . 
I knew these American pansies couldn't hold their liqour ! 
is finally getting the damn cast off his arm tomorrow , hunting should be a lot easier now . Will be able to shoot the gun with my good arm again . 
is watching Shrooms , I'm from Ireland so I think I know what I'm talking about when I say this looks nothing like my homeland . I also wasn't aware that we had any indigious tribes . 
hasn't been on facebook in awhile due to my laptop being eaten . 
