was in the process of solving the keychain cube when it exploded . 
just got a keychain rubik's cube . Highlight of my week , this . 
doesn't really use facebook anymore . 
doesn't really use facebook anymore , but still receives email alerts when other people do . 
used a clutch for the first time ever . Handy little thing , that . 
realizes the sad truth about discussing politics and why it can be so dangerous . Oh , America . 
is all kinds of confused . 
finally ..... finally ..... got a new phone . HTC is the shiz . 
forgot how much he loves the Fellowship of the Ring . 
just donated to Alan Grayson's campaign fund . 
So , I just heard a brilliant speech . On the other hand , I wonder if brilliant is an overstatement when one of the most impressive things was to see an adult finally jump into the conversation when , thus far , we've only heard the shouting of silly little children in suits . 
is taking the fastest crash course in webdesign ever . 
On second thought , a mustache on anyone under the age of 40 makes you look like a scumbag . Hoping for better news in Manuary . On a brighter note , happy V day , everybody . 
Well , an interesting situation has arisen . I can do one of two things : actually read my work contract and fight a guerrilla war within its bounds against this laughable new manager , OR get myself fired by saying a few quick , albeit very gratifying , mean and profane things to him . I just can't decide . 
still can't sleep . 
I'm with CoCo . 
is a recent fan of Ayaan Hirsi Ali . 
is reading at Starbucks . 
So because of , uhh , I guess it would be the dress code at work , we can't have facial hair . This totally clashes with no-shave November . In response : mustaches all around ! 
went to the gym today for the first time in about a year . 
has been readmitted to EIU . 
just splashed himself with molten tin . 
finally got some SoCo ( from Illinois , just out of spite ) and is now enjoying delicious eggnog . 
is just now falling in love with Bach's Cello Suite 1 ... because of a TV commercial ... and wonders if that's actually as blasphemous as it sounds . 
feels like a million bucks . 
is here to help . 
finds it quite inconvenient that Indiana has a law against buying booze on Jesus Day . 
just saw Avatar in IMAX 3D . I can't say it for certain until it really sinks in ... but it may well end up being the greatest movie ever . No , really . Ever . 
finally ( FINALLY ! ) got his registration stuff in order , and emailed the admins for approval and such . Here's hoping they check their work email over winter break . 
space heater 
has returned . 
wants to get a sewing machine and then learn how to do alterations . 
Conan's finale was a bit sad , but funny and overall very entertaining . Here's to September and his next gig . 
just attempted a very , very stupid thing . Or a necessary one . Or simultaneously clever and very , very stupid ... but still necessary . Tonight will be an interesting night . 
to set the record straight , yes , sustained sleep deprivation is torture . fml 
just learned that " aforementioned " is really one word . Interesting night numero dos ... 
was unpleasantly reminded today about what frozen facial hair feels like . On an entirely unrelated note , I like how the facebook logo displays a lower case " f , " but its own spelling checker would have you capitalize it . 
" Most men pursue pleasure with such breathless haste that they hurry past it . " 
It feels like my mind is melting . 
the math major ? Talk about a scary thought , but that looks like the direction I'm headed . 
really loves thinking . 
Finally ... a breakthrough . 
" Knowledge is power , " huh ? That's a load of misleading bollocks , right there . It should say " Particular knowledge is particular power . " Though , even that is a kind of paradox . You have to understand it before you can understand it . 
I'm just lost in the sea of knowledge and only occasionally come up for air . 
Any other time , I might think Forgetting Sarah Marshall was ridiculous and stupid , but being 2am and having just watched an hour of The Ricky Gervais Show , I can't stop laughing . 
Note to self : Do not try to reinvent epistemology . 
I'm like the annoying little kid who won't stop asking " Why ? " Except now , instead of being limited to an adult , I have the collective knowledge of humanity from which to draw my answer . There's just that small matter of understanding it ... 
really loves philosophy club . 
is even more impressed by how graciously Evan Lysacek is handling his victory than by the performance he gave to earn it . Whatever emphasis typical Americans place on national pride in Olympic competition , I hope they take note of this guy's attitude . Then maybe we can move closer to living up to all those grandiose titles we give our country . 
Russell Brand , Ricky Gervais ... is there some specific cockney category of British comedy that I'm not aware of ? I love it . 
Oh , all the comrades e'er I had , They're sorry for my going away , And all the sweethearts e'er I had , They'd wish me one more day to stay , But since it falls unto my lot , That I should go and you should not , I gently rise and softly call , Good night and joy be with you all . 
is a Marxist ? 
is suddenly feeling rather sentimental . 
Aww , you guys are sweet . 
" Ah , women . They make the highs higher and the lows more frequent . " 
Happy holiday ! 
these ideas are getting more revolutionary by the day ... and my mind is still melting . 
really , really , really , really , really wants to learn some kind of individual sport . 
Stranger Than Fiction makes me giggle like a little kid . 
Wiki is down ! Nooo !!! 
is back home . Again . 
saw right through the forest of illusion . 
did not realize that A Night on the Bare Mountain was Rimsky-Korsakov's . What an awesome piece . Youtube it ; you should recognize it right away . 
is trying to destroy television . Or at least give it a swift kick to the balls . 
is listening to NPR on the internet . Best . Idea . Ever . 
needs to not post a status ever again . 
needs more endurance . 
Question of the day : Suppose you were to dual boot Windows 7 and Ubuntu 9.10 and you're deciding partition sizes . Would 25GB per OS be enough for you ? 
just realized that he can set up Pandora for his car . So much for satellite radio . 
is going back to Eastern for a week . 
Winamp > iTunes . No contest . 
has been saved by the power of the dual-boot . Ubuntu 10 ftw . 
Tiger < Newegg , this is old news . But now Newegg < Fry's ? I'm totally shocked . 
Temptation Eyes 
wonders where the line is drawn between self-discipline and asceticism . 
Ubuntu 10 is absolutely stunning . 
more sunburn 
" YOU ARE A SUPER PLAYER !! " 
apparently really wanted to shake hands with a lawn mower muffler . 
Happy Egyptian Liberation Day ! 
just stormed the donut plains and left no survivors . 
is pretty sure the dragon has been slain ... bah . 
has color in his eyes for the first time in a long time . 
is sick of the country being run by old people . I propose an upper age limit for politicians . 
Forgive the reference , but I totally pulled a Harry-and-Ron-invade-Aragog's-lair today . I even wielded a wicked awesome wand . 
can't stand the phrase " in this economy . " 
controls the spice . 
loves free software . 
needs to figure out this hair thing . 
... tailor in the making ? 
is , after this year's camp , pretty sure that he needs some kind of monumental change in lifestyle . 
How terrible is wisdom when it brings no profit to the wise . 
burned the roux . 
a yes-man does not a good employee make . 
just watched Princess Mononoke pretty much for the first time . Quite strange , but rather good . 
Butterscotch is too sweet to put in pancakes . 
has the best friends in the world . 
A teacher somewhere in your neighborhood tonight is grading and preparing lessons to teach your children while you are watching television . In the minute it takes you to read this , teachers all over the world are using their " free time " , and often investing their own money , for your child's literacy , prosperity , and future . Re-post if you are a teacher , love a teacher or appreciate our teachers 
First biking day of the season 
the spiders ... they are back . 
got an interview . Chea ! 
" They're coming in too fast ! " 
" You're all clear , kid ! Let's blow this thing and go home ! " 
loves , loves , loves a good thunderstorm . 
Interview numero dos . 
