is in Louisiana . 
got a new set of wheels 
is on his way home . 
im just chillin like a villin who is makin a killin because i am Dr. Phillin !!! 
R . I . P Adam Malin 
How got a lot to do . 
I HATE SUMMER CLASSES 
leaving for college Sunday ahhh . 
VALLEY !!! 
is back . 
has been more busy than expected . 
Is in LA 
wants to go to CA 
it will give us room for activities lol ! 
happy 4th 
Feel's like he is awaiting his execution ... AUG 2 
just spit on my dick .. wow 
has a lot of mixed feelings . 
rev 3,000 RPM drop clutch tire burn clutch second redline clutch third COPS break ABS prevents skidding ... I miss it already :<( 
can't believe that he lost another friend WTF 
Is Going HOME !!!! 
Life needs an undo button . 
got to shoot a gun today hoah ! 
Why can't I study what I want to learn ! 
The young want to be older and the old want to be younger . I want to be both . 
Just so you they got a new server for Websense but he is still setting it up sp . expect an on and off experience . 
He took it off ... quick download now !!! 
No Websense for tonight ... enjoy !!!!!!! 
woop dee freaken doo . The blocks are back on . I already miss my freedom . 
So much todo so little time ahhhhhhhhhh 
just went to class an hour early cause he has no sense of time lol 
can't stay mad for long when gets to drive his mustang . 
Ring Dance tonight ... then Bowling afterwards ooooyeaaa 
Any body driving to NY ... I need a ride badly !!!! 
Tattoo was amazing !!!!!!!!!!!! good job Choir and Band 
Faith in God is getting stronger again . 
why why why ... what did I do , what went wrong ? 
is tired 
just jerked off with hot sauce 
saved by the bell 
hates life's sudden changes and is so angry about it . How something I waited on all week changes in one sec . 
Needs a third hand 
FML 
no comment 
8 more hours away from being home 
not buying salt -$60 , watching the cadets bust there ass on the ice ... Priceless . 
life need an instant relay button . 
is feeling down today . 
skipped mess right before two exams ahhhhhhhhh 
gots lots to dooo . 
is tired of taking classes that are not toward my Major . 
Linkin Park - Hybrid Theory never gets old . 
It's hot it's cold it's hot it's cold . Why can't mother-nature make up her mind ! 
actual waited outside BestBuy 3 in the morning for black friday . 
just one exam left 
home 
just got rammed in the ass by 3 black cocks on a balance beam , while balancing an ice pick on my cock .. can you beat that ? 
nothing is better than a clean room . 
great friends comes great status updates !! 
i concur 
no 
awwwww it's back !!!!! 
7 years and jackass still cracks me up . 
Drexel please accept me !!!! 
Happy turkey day yall 
gots 24 hours to prep for london 
I live with real friends 
wish things could be different 
Just had the best NewYearsEve Ever !!!! 
Leave it to this brilliant institution to schedule a one study day for two days of classes . 
Yes I'm in london and the Jet lag kills 
It's 2010 and I think it's time for a change ! 
What better way to celebrate the birth of Christ than at Chruch at 12:00 AM ... Merry Christmas 
Going home for a month and hopes to refresh and get rid of some mental junk 
Spent an hour on a song and still can't put it into words 
Going to be on MTV 
3 more days of freedom 
All I wanted to do was get on the homepage of break.com, but It got MTV instead ... I guess that's pretty cool 
a spoon full of sugar helps the medicine go down . But I don't have any sugar 
The best moments of my life weren't sober and I can't stand being sober , I'm tired of my heart being beaten like a fucken punching bag ! 
Last Night in London 
I think I may be going crazy or getting a sign . But I really can't figure it out . 
It takes 4 hours to make a solid football video but it takes 4 mins to spend the profit money . 
had a really good last night in london !! 
about to leave for london 
Is in an amazingly good mood right now . 
has a feeling that this is going to be the longest semester of them all . 
About to jump on a plane ... be back in the states at 2:30 
Is perfecting what might be my best song yet :) 
just looked at all 700 photos from Petition to get " Fuck The Troops " kicked off face book , and I just want to say THANK YOU to all who severed our country and to all those our are going to !!!!! 
Another football Flim another 60 Dollars .... Life's Good 
depression is my middle name 
just spent 2 and half hours laughing his ass off watching every funny video on the internet . 
who the hell did the rain dance !!! 
I never thought a 500 essay would take me so long to finish . 
I think your GPA is a bad way to judge your intelligence . 
I can only wait so long 
who ever designed these rain coats must of lived in the dessert . 
You guys are welcome .... internet 
I can turn off the TV but I can't turn off day dreaming . 
Time to hit the books :( 
Love's watching people having a conversation from a distance and not know what they are talking about . lol 
I am an academic fuck up 
Finally got the playlist for the mixer done . 
This new facebook layout is going to take awhile to get use to 
What ever happened to the COD4 Wars at VF . There use to be like 10 people playing any given time 
Book time 
Good Music = Really good mood :p 
So close but yet so far 
Jazz + Book = education 
OK who the hell did the rain dance ... because you must be one hell of a dancer ! 
Verizon is BS me around . apparently I texted 800 times this month 800 what kind of crap is that . my phones history only goes back a month and the last text sent was from this summer . 
Clean Clean Clean 
mmmmm bed sleeeeep 
Still can't believe what a failure this week was . 
it's reading time 
Foxtrot Uniform Charlie Kilo 
SOMEONE TALK TO ME .... i " m board ! 
That was easy 
SLEEEEEEEPPPPP zz :) 
How now brown cow 
I was having a good day then I woke up 
I wanna escape 
Geese what a bad snow storm we are having 
Why can't this year just be over already 
I was thirsty but I had no money so I went out and ate some snow :) 
I forgot how awesome radios are . 
might accomplish a huge goal this weekend . 
How longer God how much longer must I suffer , I'm at the breaking point . 
War on terror my ass this war is more then 50% cause of oil 
keeps missing his chance and feels like he will never get another one . 
Today is the day I start counting days until I'm 21 !!!!! 
I'm always a key stroke away 
ƒ ???? ? ì ?? ?????? 
Thanks you GOD !!!!! for family ..... I don't know what I would do with out my cuzzzz's 
I don't know what I would do without blues ! 
formation after formation 
this sucks 
Can my day get any worse 
one more day couldn't feel so far away . 
went to a comedy club , slept on the floor of grand central , road in NYC in a limbo , got only 3 hours of sleep , and lost kenny in the city ........ yea it was a crazy night ! 
well I guess I can't argue .... I had some of my prayers answered . 
now starts my boring/lonely weekend at the forge . 
This snow better not mess up my plans for the weekend . 
had a pretty dam good time today 
I'm waiting 
watching videos from 4 years ago with my good old bud was so refreshing !! 
lets do a dance and prance around with Bob Dillon . Me and my friend chilled out to the dusk of day and the dawn of night what i am is who i am and who you are is who you need to be . - K.A. OFF THE TOP- 
WTF it's already Wednesday !!!!!! 
Do I really have to get up for this . 
Carma is complete utter BULLSHIT ... there are only so many coins I can put in until I realize I'm not going to able to play the game .... but everyone around me get to play for free . 
This weather is amazing !!! 
What a beautiful day .... well at least it looked like a good day from my window ... I hate HW with a passion 
well goodbye to good night sleeps 
It's a beautiful day and I'm stuck doing homework FML 
It's already saturday .............. F#$@ 
I want that 
you supply the bullets to the gun held to my head 
I know the world sucks but does it have to suck all the time . 
I love Bass 
If my computer where to crash my grades would jump up 
I feel so good right now but I know it won't last ... 
I would KILLL for a slush puppy right now ! 
1 Mile towards a healthier me , 1 mile to a better looking me , 1 mile closer to finding someone ... I'm going to need a faster way . 
I finally made it .... No Looking Back 
Relationships are BS 
early bird , work , pissed , depressed , happy as hell , shocked , RELIEVED , really extremely awkward , cleaning , chilling , stop hitting on me !!! This exactly explains my day :P 
Yo 
facebook needs a super like button a dislike button lol and I wish i didn't see that button 
What's the point in making plans if they also fail 
C . L . A . S . S Come . Late . And . Start . Sleeping 
Man 2 days ago I was out side in a tee shirt and now I'm getting my snow boots again wtf 
QUICK to the batmobile !! 
If you don't have a facebook , cell phone , email account , skype , or internet connection .... you don't exist . 
what's up 
That is so not fair ... 
3 MORE DAYSSSSS 
PACHAAAAAA !!!! Only a couple Hours Left baby !! 
I'm 21 motha fuckaaaaassss hahha pachaaaaaa 
I hate when I miss a call by the last ring , but when i call back it rings 9 times and goes to voice mail .... what did you u do when i didn't answer drop the phone and run lol 
Ask anyone who came to my 21st and they will tell you I went hard ... 
Sorry if I haven't been too responsive lately buddies , I just been so damm busy :) I think it would be bad ass if facebook had a busy meter on ur profile 
I once stood up a chick in a wheel chair , not surprisingly she feel for me , but it kinda was a drag , but things are starting to roll hahahaha 
In your bed , it's 6AM , you close your eyes for 5 mins it's 7:45 , At school it's 1:30 you close your eyes for 5 mins it's still 1:30 lol 
IPad 2 March 11 ... 
Are the Pringles and Monopoly guy related ? 
Yo I'm only in White Plains for 4 more days , hit me up , lets do something ! 
Just got back from the GYM 
100% on my programing Exam !!!!!!! today is a good day . 
What's the point in even looking anymore 
I need an personal Accountant ... anyone want some experence ! 
I think it's time to bust out that old camera and make some more videos . 
Charlie Sheen and Lindsay Lohan are gonna start their own sitcom . It's gona be called " Two and a half grams " ... hhaha 
I don't care about what I haven't done , when I look back and see how far I come I'm living the life . I love my life and happy to be where I am today . Join me ! 
Take your best shot , cause this opportunity is not going to last 
What aisle do you keep the bitches ... oo your sold out , good thing i got some on layaway hahahaaaaaaa 
I'm sorry , I can't take your smart car seriously haha 
2,930 songs and I can't find one i want to listen to lol 
EVERYONE ! Post your favorite House/Techno/Rap Songs here :) I'm building a new Dj set for this months upcoming gigs and I need some new material . 
So bored ...... 
1 ) Denial 2 ) anger 3 ) barginaing 4 ) depression 5 ) acceptance ...... the five stages of buying gas . 
... Can you get in trouble for being on facebook .. if you work at facebook lolol 
Dear lord , why did u make bacon taste soo good ? 
Blah 
If I could change the past I would , But I can't buddy ... we can forget the past and change the future if you decide we have a future .... 
If I could change the past I would , But I can't buddy ... we can forget the past and change the future if you decide our friendship has a future .... 
I'm winning ... are you ? 
O[- < ] : skate boarder 
I'm a beast at photoshop 
Gasps 
People ask me why I don't have any tattoos I tell them " would you put a bumper sticker on your ferrari ? " 
Dam Philly , thats how you start a season ! 
when ever i hear 2 horns blasting in the back ground i think of N.Y.C !! 
Gotta love that new tire smell 
Just fired up an old Hard drive from hargrave and found some GREAT pictures and music :) its like a time capsule 
I'm nobody , nobody's perfect so that means I'm perfect 
If you ever get caught sleeping on the job , just raise your head slowly and say " in jesus name amen " 
The number one MOST annoying thing in the world is when you click on the wrong thing or link and it takes you FOREVER to go where you wanted to in the first place AHHH 
I'm a busy man 
NO !! standing as close to me as you possibly can won't make the line go faster ! 
Incubus - S.C.I.E.N.C.E is the best work out album ever ! 
Now thats how you have an alumni weekend :) 
i can't stand it when people never have them self in their " Profile Pic " lol 
DAMIT !!!!! i was almost going to have an A for programing but my last exam screwed that up :/ 
Who is coming to alumni weekend ? 
Everything is made in china but babies .. babies are made in VaChina 
Finally Osama is Dead !!!!! 
Alright Obama we know you gave the commands but u didn't fire the bullet stop taking ALL the credit . 
omfg i went on youtube to watch one video and it's now two hours later 
really feeling the pressure 
Pandora has Comedy now !!!! I have been waiting for this forever :) 
I'm living the life bro 
I love you pacha but ur way to expensive to be that packed 
This summer the track is going to be my best friend 
Did Kickboxing today and it dawned on me ... im in the worst shape of my LIFE , thanks college :) 
I just saw an expiration date on a gallon of water ....... whats going to go bad , the hydroden lol 
Why can't all my friends live in a 20 mile radius ..... 
Doing meth for the first time 
feeling blue 
tom is def going to ocean city next year 
In Highschool All I ever wanted to be was a senior , in college I dread it . 
Quick look the other way , maybe I can trick myself into believing its not happening . 
I love how not that I'm 21 I see beer and Sprits Ads on my Facebook , Pandora , Hotmail , and Youtube . Product Placement it nut , I wonder what people would Drive Drink , Listen , Watch , or use if their wasn't Ads .... 
Girls dress to out dress other girls , not to please guys , if girls dressed to impress guys they would be naked :P 
I have reached redline three times this week , seems like there are just somethings that no matter what I do , how hard I try , the world pushes back harder and harder wtf 
I'm afraid that when I meet god he will sneeze ... and I won't know what 2 say ... 
it's hard to not pick at a scab 
Tracktor Pro 2 hell yea 
No one is worth your peace of mind 
I shower in the morning and after kickboxing , Kenny Ahearn can suck my 
I think i might have missed the last train 
dropped $100 to replace my phone , but at least laggy and glitchy like the previous one 
Ight enough mixing , I think its time to start making 
finally back to the east coast ... now i gotta work 
I can't F***N believe it .... Ryan Dunn died in a car crash WTF 
Brb , my male prostitute just got here to fuck me im the butt 
Going 2 the DMV without a line is like winning the lottery 
I like spick dick 
I have enough money to last me the rest of my life ... unless i buy something lol 
Me and my recliner go way back 
Wanna make some money using facebook . Goto Account > Account setting > Deactivate account .. and goto work 
Thank god for warning labels , I was actually considering using my floor lamp in the shower WHEW 
That awkward moment when Kool Aid Busts through your wall and your drinking capri sun ..... 
? If i had i millions dollars , I would .... 
That wtf moment when your reading a wtf moment and youve had that same wtf moment and your like wtf 
Its time to face the music 
When i watch mtv cribs I dont feel bad about downloading music illegally . 
If you call me , skype me , message me , or txt you better want to talk to me not my friend that i live with bitch wtf 
It doesn't look like its that hot outside , but as soon as I walked out there it felt like Satan farted in my face . 
When ever i put my phone on vibrate I miss a thousand calls when i'm not doing anything , and i turn it off it never rings unless its the worst possible time ahhhh 
Ps .. who gives a .... 
Just had a glass of a 15yr old bottle of scotch ... holy S**T that was good lol :D 
O Com'on I didn't even do anything ... fine go ahead run , you were a bag of problems anyways :P 
Just to give you guys a warning , there is a ticket for " driving to close " it was made up last night and will be used to get ur money ... 
I wanna steal a kryspe kreame truck and go on a high speed chase just because it'd be funny to watch a bunch of cops chase a donut truck 
amars mustangs better 
The good die young RIP 
it's funny because no one care what happenes to me .. so im free babe haha it doesn't matter i can do what i what no girl care hahaahaaaaaaaaa live is good . . . 
Life is all about ..... ASS 
you're either covering it , laughing it off , kicking it , kissing it , busting it , or trying to get a peace of it :) 
ahh this chat sucks , why can't i view everyone who is online 
im hot just like an oven 
" If your heart was broken , you'd be dead . So shutup . " 

-Daniel Tosh . 
I have to be outside on the hottest day of the week , between the hottest hours , in black .... im a dead man walking :/ 
ahhh its makes me so damm angry , but hey lets not think about it 
Youtube is the 2nd largest search engine !! 
nothing , thats what i feel ... 
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself , where the heck is the ceiling . 
Whenever I'm doing something stupid I always imagine how they would narrate my death on 1,000 ways to die lol 
If a robber ever breaks in , I'll just pretend to be one too , and we'll laugh and hug and he'll leave because I have first dibs haha 
that shitty moment when you are trying to pull the covers up and your hand slips and you punch yourself in the face :P 
that awkward when you already said " moment " in your head before you even read it ! 
yea good luck finding motivation for stress without reward 
i wish i could find my freaken car cover when its starts hailing !!!! ahhh 
go ahead and quote me on this , I promis you there are going to be 3g or 4g video camera with the ability to upload and edit the video from anywhere lol if I had 10,000 dollars i would create it and sell it making millions before the big companies ... anyone want to help ?!? :) 
Well that shows how much you really don't care ! thanks a bunch 
Why do best candies have the hardest wrappers to take off lol 
I love my friends !! 
had another dream last night that made me hate reality as soon as I woke up 
Today i get a little wisdom taken from my mouth :P 
AHH im sick of the taste of blood 
The Hey Meter !!!!!!!! 
1 . hey - friends 
2 . heyy - I think i like you 
3 . heyyy - take the hint dumbass 
4 . heyyyy - lets have sex 
5 . hyyyyyyy- im drunk 
Buckcherry Concert ! 
Happy birthday to my nigga Kenny Ahearn ... gettin it poppin .. we out 
I hate always being second priority 
who drives or would want to drive a fiat lol just wondering ! 
You know ur screwed when the back to school commercials come on 
I'd rather have someone who shows they care , rather then someone who just say it 
this hurricane is hurrilame 
I got to see the storm twice , once in Florida and in PA yesterday haha , yea I caught the last flight up the east coast ! 
Music 
Have you ever in your life come across a guy you wish you never messed with ....... That's me -Gran Torino 
Who is good with JQuery , I have a question ! 
U know what's funny , I listened to you cry about ur issues , But when I decided to show you something that I created and worked on you don't even give me the effort to care lol its ok im not mad , but when u want me to listen to you again you will be mad ! 
I like dick 
dont u hate when youre taking a dump and you go to wipe your butthole and Billy Mays pops out and says " but wait , there's more ! " 
Top 3 Things Men Know About Women 
1 . 
2 . 
3 . 
10 years ago my dad was doing paper work watching " Imus in the morning " and they had a live feed of NYC as a back drop , and he saw the first plane hit the tower , funny thing is that if he didn't take his time that morning he would be in the city working ... 
sometimes you need to face your issues not facebook them lol 
Wife Just gave birth , I asked the doctor , " how soon do you think we can have sex ? " 
He winked at me and said , " i'm off duty in ten minutes , meet me outside " 
When I have children I'm gonna make them watch the movie 2012 and tell them I survived that . 
SRS iWOW plugin for itunes , 500 Watt system , 1 hour of tuning = club bass in my room 
Never been so sick and in such pain wtf 
Google + whats your opinion ? 
It's not premarital sex if you never get married lol 
toms penner is thick 
Facebook is starting to scare me , say good bye to privacy ! 
Sneaking ur seatbelt on slowly when u see a cop ... 
OMG chill there aren't many straws left WTF !!!!! 
Free Chipotle Burrito ... I died and went to heaven ( redneck voice ) 
i'm afraid to at the news feed because i might see your name . 
so much work todo so little enthusiasm todo it . 
building a business , finding love , classes , internship ....... i'm going to crash 
Such a loooooong day , and tomorrow is gona be looong too 
I'll bite the bullet if i know its worth it 
you can tell when I'm home ... my status is always fucked with 
In 5mins I will be dissconnected from the World Wide Web at the age of 20 ... FTS 
ahhh this is why i can't order stuff online , can't stop checking on the tracking page 
I'm a freshwater fish , and all the other fishes are salt water fish ..... so that your fish in the sea analogy and stick it where the sun don't shine 
why can't grass cut itself 
if ur trowing a party HIT ME UP 
I don't know how I'm going to make it through this semester . 
all I have to say is LOL 
If only I had my car up here 
I am so anxious to end this chapter of my life but really scared of having no idea what on the next :/ 
I waited 1 month to see that amazing smile :D 
EASTER BABY !!!!! 
Did you forget or do you just not care 
ugh ... long day ahead of me 
Tosh . 0 
Can I find one freaken Comedy movie that doesn't have fucken romance ! FML 
this is going to be harder then I thought , fuck u tobacco !!! 
would you rather climb a really tall , steep mountain or climb the same mountain that isn't as steep but take more time climbing ? 
Just pulled an amazing solo out of nowhere 
Can anyone say BS 
if your happy i'm happy ... so freaken be happy fool lol 
well it's official today is going to suck suck suck ! 
Is feeling dumb good tonight lol 
Never take life seriously . Nobody gets out alive anyway . 
Going to see the green hornet ... hit me up 
:) i see light !!!! 
" I was driving down the road and I saw a guy holding a sign that said Heaven ... so i hit him " hahahaa 
it just won't go away 
This should be fun 
Ok everyone is getting accepted how about me !!! Come-on Drexel 
great 34 more days of this shit 
I'm not fighting a battle I can't win 
That was just a perfect weekend !!! 
thank u lord for the creation of the pool 
HTML5 is SICK 
even though E is good in a club it's bad in the car ... thank god my car is F 
My room is so freaking cold I can't even sleep ahhh 
I forgot how much I love Linkin Park's old music !!! :p F there new crap they need to go back !!!! 
2 years at this place and I still haven't accomplished the 2 biggest goals in my life , I'm walking away from this place with an empty pocket , alone , without knowing what the future holds . 
:) 
Hard till then end !!!! 
finally did my last parade ever and now it's on to Hooters !!! 
" I blew up the building because you made a phone call " Enemy of the State ...... badass movie 
half up this stupid hill :P 
cock is my best friend 
I have to survive this week on 4 dollars :/ doesn't look like i will be doing anything fun this week . 
I Hate The F'n ITCHY EYE !!!! 
Pacha ! 
have you ever knew a girl in middle school and u were like hell no , then you see her now and your like WTF HAPPENED OMG lol ..... can't wait to get a time machine hahah 
im tired of one sided conversations fucken talk to me , say hi , say something ... its not like we go to the same freaken school or something . 
I have 29 days to turn this idea into a business . 
Jumping in my stang and heading to HARGRAVE !!!!!. . . never thought I would be this happy to go back to the grave !! 
i love my mommy :) 
it's all downhill from here :P 
:( 
I am about to embark in what might be the most climatic and stressful week of my life !! 
wet dreams do cum true 
I found it , it's right there in front of my eyes , everything i ever wanted is right there , again i stand and watch because if i take another step I'm going to hit my head on the thick glass wall 
" Dude she just called you fat " 
" OH HELL NO , HOLD MY CAKE " :P 
Happy Thanksgiving !!!!!! 
I can't believe I just heard those words . . . " This your last parade " 
You can't handle the truth 
the grass is greener on the other side .... but how would i really know , i never seen it ! 
is starring up a really steep hill 
you're just depole , your like one of us ... 
I'm an only child but yet I have a brother and sister :P 
Good things come to an end ... but considering I never had a good thing does this mean good things just started ... 
There's a somebody for everyone . . . . . . . . . . right 
Preparing for christmas hoah 
what .. summer has already started , where's my drink at !! 
I really want to leave this town 
finally got a new battery , now my laptop actually is a laptop again ! :D 
There aren't words that can explain how bad i wanna skip this chapter 
" I herd say HEY HEY " 
Bull shit 
some problems just never go away 
Finally home and finished my last year of military school I will ever attend in my life . 
What ever happens , happens im not about to repeat the same stupid cycle ... to be continued 
Tosh is the new Dane Cook 
can u just accept me already !!!!!!!! 
I wish the first word I ever said was quote so right before I die I can say unquote 
why must every company bill me now when I have no money 
it hurts and it hurts deep , patience has paid its toll ... but I keep smiling eventhou I know i'm lying :/ ) 
Pacha !!! 
see that , it's my middle finger , yea thats right I'm sick of it 
I really wish I had a daily hangout friend here at Cabrini .... more than a gf honestly I can't stand being so alone on the weekends grrrrr 
watching an extremely accurate recreation of the world trade center attacks and it makes me so angry and sad at the same time . 
Oh warm sunny summer weather where art thou ! 
OMG IM SOOOO BOORED .... someone talk to me !!!! lol 
No more macbook for a week and no phone for a couple hours .... FML !!!! 
Drexel ... you have failed me 
I least I got accepted somewhere 
Study then party ... sounds like a good Saturday to me 
one more class ! 
Meagen Allen is the greatest sexiest girl I've ever met !!!! :) 
Its time for some fresh shoes 
You can't replace someone but you can find someone different , and different can be better . 
In the beginning go made Heaven and Earth .... then everything else was made in china 
Just when i start feeling a little better you turn up the intensity YESSSSS lol 
Bring it on Javascript ! 
where the hell is my reset button . 
yea I know it's 4:40 in the morning but that means it's been i good night 
NOOOO Facebook change the chat message sound back to a pop 
Say " Alpha " and " Q " as fast as you can . 
when they said a rav party they weren't kidding 
Must today keep reconfirming what a bad day it is 
Woke up in a wine cellar this morning wondering where the heck are my keys 
OMG Apple u did it again ... PS the new iPhone is going to re-invent how we communicate 
It's stuck in my mind , it makes me feel sick , it makes me angry , it makes me feel like a failure ..... but I can't stop thinking it 
Vibrate is far from silent 
... speechless 
Its paper season ! just think of the keyboards right now typing away , and all the kid modifying there papers to make the longer then they were originally . 
My problems are 130miles away :) 
Got a DJ gig coming up .... now I gotta find all my crap lol 
Facebook is to social as reality TV is to reality 
Don't Feed Phil 
:p 
Just saw the social network ... holy crap ! 
You know a song is good when you don't leave ur car till its over 
ima gona hava longa day ..... say that 10 times as fast as you can 
Here's to Ted Kostich for liking just anything you post lol ;) 
Take one last good look , put it on top of the pile , slide the box under the bed and start my new day .... thats i have to say 
Home improvement sucks ... 
A Three Person Bedroom , R U kidding me !!! 
Rain Rain go the FUCK away , seriously i got class across campus . 
I just don't get it , what you want is right here . 
what a crapy and expensive night , two thumbs down 
finally got some sponsors under my belt :) 
Who the hell makes pants without pockets !!! 
was looking forward to finally going home , but now I don't even want to go home . 
Appreciate what u got boy , some people would give up a lot to have what u have , such and unfair world . 
Forgot how much fun theme parks where 
Church day 
I wish that was about me but don't be silly Depole 
Life's starts when I graduate :D 
one 
You know its a real party when your drinking beer from a Bottle 
AHHHHHHHHHI LOVE TO PRATYYYYYYYY CLUBSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS 
Is it possible to be on the show Intervention for being addicted to bass 
A good DJ spends at least 30 to 40 hours a week listening and finding new music . 
I hunger for a college party !!! 
If you ignore a Text , or FB chat message it's like im walking up to you and you look away and pretend that you didn't see me . 
The hits just keep on coming 
21 lines of code just for a webpage that has two words on it OMFG programing is gona suck AHHH 
... what do you care 
my phone doesn't vibrate as much as it use to 
Whatever !! I gotta just live with what I got , Thanks for nothing 
I never thought I would ever have to say this ... but I have to get use to NOT hating my school :)))))) 
My Heart beat slowly rises 
I Depress the break 
I look over the horizon 
Tail lights start turning red 
Like tree lights sparkling 
My car comes to a stop 
My Fist punching the Horn 
I @ *&$%#@$%* (#$ hate traffic 
Sushi time :P 
This room is sick :P 
Someone ask me what does idk mean and I said I don't know and she replys omg nobody does lolol 
My shoe size is 13 
Hello :) hit me up 
Sometimes I wish I could beat myself up ..... but who would really win the fight 
haha that was funny as hell ... my week as officially started 
when bad things come and go , why do they have to all come at the same time ? 
ooVoo . say that 5 times in a row upside down while walking on your hands under water . Hit me up ! 
Samsung epic rocks !!!! 
Click Click BOOOM 
Diet starts ...... now ! 
When you're stressed you eat ice cream , cake , chocolate , and sweets . Why ? because " stressed " spelt backwards is " desserts . " 
The new facebook app for android is better then the actual facebook haha good job facebook 
I can just barely touch .. probably will never be able to hold . Pretty much describes the last 3 yrs . 
I wanted to send you something sexy for , valentines , but the mailman told me to get out of the mailbox 
is going to be offline for a little while . Im breaking down and rebuilding myself mentally ... ttul world :) 
Its not what you know , its who you know 
I wish I could over-clock my brain ! 
yet another test tomorrow ugh 
YESSSS The ipod touch finally got a camera !!!!! 
BULLFUCKENSHIT my classes get harder , my work get longer , my ass gets fatter , my mom get angrier , my pay gets cut , but noooo god u can't get me a girl FUCK THAT ..... i'm off to the gym 
this is weird ... i have been in a good mood all week hmmmm something's wrong lol 
Age of 4 : Mom knows everything ! At 8 : Mom knows a lot ! At 12 : Mom doesn't really know everything . At 14 : Mom doesn't know anything . At 16 : Momdoesn't exist . At 18 : She's old fashioned . At 25 : Maybe Mom does know about this ! At 35 : Before we decide , lets ask mom . At 45 : I wonder what Mom thinks about this ? At 75 : I wis ... h I could ask Mom about this . Post this if you have the best Mom in the world ! 
I got Cody , my nigga ( kenny haha ) , and Brigette , I don't need anyone else .... well maybe one more :P 
time to crank out some homework 
U R the worst/best thing that ever happened to me . I want to erase u but I could never get myself to . I'm pretty sure I speak for a lot of people . 
I can't stay in one place more then two hours without any friends or family members around ! 
Today I was the bartender , the DJ , the bouncer , and the light crew I AM THE MAN !! 
Am I seriously stuck with a computer with 500MB of RAM and a Pentium 4 chip all week ..... I'm going to die 
that last min party might of changed my life 
today I was in a fire house training physicality setting up a server noticed that today was 9/11 when I was setting up the date . God Bless all those who lost their life during the attacks !!!!! 
I had such a busy day ... thank god its over .... or is it dam HW haha 
patch of gravel + rear wheel drive = instant fun 
I hate this f****n feeling GO AWAY ! 
I'm not tired just my eyes are WTF lol 
Not one person hit me up the whole day :D hell yesss 
someone please tell me a joke ... I need a good joke right now . 
I finally have my own desk at work :D 
u would think of all the girls in this school , I would get at least one nibble , is my bate . oh well there lost ! 
did i really just create a social network overnight ?! 
Chuck Norris can rip pages out of Facebook 
I'm an entrepreneur baby 
u came for a hug , u left with tea , popcorn , lolol soo random i know . 
Music can change my mood in seconds 
Dogfish Head is my new brew 
If this day couldn't get any fucken worse ... I lose my fucken phone Thanx ! 
No one likes movng on , getting over , or just forgetting buts something we all gotta do it some more then others lolol F it life is too short to care ;-) 
Hit me up , ask me to chill , be my friend , because it makes me forget about the BS 
www.thefootballconnection.com Is finally up !!! Yup i'm a CEO now 
Jackass 3D !!! 
I'd like to thank the person who looked at a buzzing Bee-hive and thought ... those bastards are hiding something delicious I know it 
Mark Zuckerberg was born in White Plains , NY hahaha 
complete fucken failure 
Open your eyes alittle wider and maybe what ur looking for has been there ... waiting ... and waiting for u 
Hello :) 
I got my nigga ken , my brother code , and my closet friend bridge , What more could I ask for :D :D :D 
look away , maybe u won't notice 
if there is a limit on how much your brain can handle ... i reached it 
that hole just keeps getting bigger 
i think this week is going to be alright 
This week is going to have a rough start guaranteed . hug ? 
IT early in the morning HOAH 
too sore to even breath lol 
im trying to fetch water from a well that doesn't have any water 
I need to hire an assist lol I have too much work to do AHHHH anyone interested lol that's right Van Wilder style :P 
Life needs an eject button 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TsQXQGaasUg&feature=player_embedded 
If I had 25cents for every-time i heard someone's cell phone vibrate and I would rush to grab my phone and realize no one texted me . . . Iets just say i wouldn't be in college anymore . 
well it's official today is going to suck suck suck 
The F depole you messing up mad hard 
Maybe if i wasn't so fat a lot of things would be different ... yea i said it , Im not oblivious 
Ok ok ok i get it , the almightily wants it his way ..... but honestly must u rub it in my face , i can only take so much . 
I wish yo ....... I wish 
well tonight is going to rock rock rock ..... hopefully lol 
Your not alcoholics until your graduate , right now your just college students 
A lot of people are afraid of heights . Not me , I'm afraid of widths . 
gasps ... exams exams exams 
Got an A on a presentation that took me an hour to put together lol I guess things are getting better ....... slowly 
Where the hell is this train it should of been here like yrs ago ... 
Finally back in my warm bed 
I love it when girls constantly complain how guys are dush bags and they can't find good men when you just rejected one 
Im feeling good today , for some reason lol 
she is fine but she's not mine 
Does anyone else do a three pocket check ( wallet , cellphone , keys ) before they leave anywhere lol 
When I'm behind the wheel of a car my favorite color is green 
I don't want to look at another computer screen for a week ... my eyes are going to burn out of my sockets 
Damm I gotta be up soo dam early ahhh 
I put my xbox achievements on my transcripts for college . i got accepted to Princeton . MLIB 
It sucks when you put a lot of time , energy , and money into something or someone when it doesn't nor did it ever matter . 
It was pretty dumb of me to install a light with a switch 
What Art Thou todo tonight 
Should I switch to Sprint ? 
sooooo tired 
Your night just ended but my night is just starting 
Some people can't sleep because they have insomnia . I can't sleep because I have Internet connection . 
If you pretend that you have a salt shaker in your hand and shake it in your mouth you can actually taste salt ! 
gotta learn how to enjoy the small things because the big things are only wanted when you can't have them ... humans were an operating system it would be windows vista 
The Gas Pump .... where you just watch you money go my the penny 
2 hours of sleep last night and a 6 hour class at 10 in the morning ... someone kill me now ... ps philly has the worst roads in the world 
The only thing I like about the cold weather is that my car is now a refrigerator 
Men are like bank accounts . Without a lot of money they don't generate a lot of interest . 
I went from windows to apple to google ... who's next 
I got 24 cans of my favoriate medicine 
It's funny how you won't remember some of the best times in your life 
No Macbook for a week .... and I have a website client I'm meeting this weekend .... I'm screwed 
Its funny how I can go weeks off of 8 dollars but when I do get money it finds its way out of my pocket no matter how hard I try to keep it in there 
I became the monster I once fought 
Like a G6 
People in 1950 proboly thought we would have flying cars but no we've come up with backwards ropes and rubber bands shaped like animals lol 
I like holding the door for people who are far away so they have to run a little :P 
alight thats it , it's time to learn traktor , bring it on 
I think a car horn should sound like gun shots ..... I bet you would move then !!!!! 
I have a bad feeling that I just started digging a new hole but the lack of opertunity makes me go against my own judgment ... 
Merry New Year and Happy Christmas 
Up to my knees in snow ahhhhhhh 
I honestly don't know why I care ... it is what it is 
Going to be at the King of Prussia Mall ... hit me up ! 
Thanks to you , my dreams are gone and shattered !! Damm alarm clock ! 
laundry teaches us to be racist 
This year F*****G sucks , I don't want to be home anymore 
You have proven to me that you just don't care ..... I should do the same 
if tomatoes is a fruit , isn't ketchup technically a smoothie ?!?!? 
I need you now more then ever ! who ever you are ..... 
not looking back 
TOSH . 0 !!! 
every time you get new music put them in playlists and don't delete them , it makes a timeline of your life and each one has it's own memories and flash backs 
... google chrome has a web app store !! apple is screwed lol 
I know gold when I see it 
earned 100 this morning now I'm going to the comedy club :) 
I feel like a chicken with it's head cut off 
