should've brought her cello home . Looks like i have to watch television for fun now ..... ( jk im not THAT desperate , besides ... youtube is more entertaining ) . 
here's to once again dragging myself outta bed , through the hallways , and being a participant in a conversation , when does summer start ? 
thinks monday is the hardest day to function on . Coffee in the morn .... 
Didn't see hp yet .... sadness . <- EMO ELMO -> 
exams a breeze . Played cards all day . 
currently located in a theater in Texas counting down five minutes till Harry Potter starts . Warning : this will change my life ( other than the sterotypical cowboy hats i see in the theater ) . 
always looks on the bright side for a pessimistic . 

" It's snowing still , " said Eeyore gloomily . " So it is . "" And freezing . "" Is it ? "" Yes , " said Eeyore . " However , " he said , brightening up a little , " we haven't had an earthquake lately . " 
Youve been held hostage by who ? 
Little green men who work for Willy Wonka and smoke using water pipes . I think i might be sold .... 
has made a bet . answer with a number ( be honest ) ... 1 . do you tolerate me ? 2 . will you help me take over the world ? 3 . ( fill in the space ... with something you think of when you hear my name ) 
feels like an atomic bomb might go off . Oh , the horror ... hopefully i wont be around . 
F <- EMO ELMO -> 
has been held hostage until she does this : inbox me questions and ill answer them on my status . 
2011 ... crap that means ill be a stressed out junior ... 
in a desperate need for a snowball fight . 
everyone must be suffering from cabin fever . 
feels like ppl should not pose in the middle of the street like they are in a photo shoot . Get it together florida ... 
found ' 09s music from orchestra . William tell overture intro here i come . Sidenote- decorating for christmas is trial and error . 
20-11 - is going to be annoying ... Unless i see a orange umpa lumpa drop . ( a.k.a Snooki ) 
on Break . Ba-humbug . Luckily , it'll be quiet . 
advisement day .... oh , the horror of difficult classes .... 
halloween wasn't the same this year . At least i got some screams . 
" Thank you , Pooh , " answered Eeyore . " You're a real friend , " said he . " Not Like Some , " he said . -Winnie the Pooh , Eeyore . 
.... I never want to see another sugar cookie again . 
is going in withdrawl without her cello . Harry Potter should distract me .... for a couple of hours .... 
has just passed a gigantic confederate flag waving in the wind . I've decided I might act right ... XD 
so tired of texts saying green and yellow ... smh , black and yellow all the way . 
I'm not ignoring you , my cell battery is just gone MIA . seriously . 
LOUD . need i say more ? 
has a new best friend : Theraflu 
ranks 108 out of 410 . Good things happen when you don't get caught . 
guesses it time - " Why wats up ? " . Dear math , I am not a therapist ...... so solve your own problems . 
fb can teach you a lot .... mostly about how ppl really are , what they're really doing , and tell you info you didn't even want to know . 
thinks stolen m&m's are better than buying . 
blasting music from my kindle makes me feel yellow . 
thinks religion and candy bars go together quite well . Snickers = Christianity . 
trying to stay up ... currently sleep is my enemy and coffee is my best friend ~ 
do u like white dudes only ?? 
Yea , why do you think i like Hershey's cookies and cream so much ?... Depends on who im attached to ... Skin doesnt matter ... ( i do think its creepy when your sparkly and elmers glue white . 
i had alot of fun today ... looks like im going on my firrst trick or treat soon , hazah . 
has had the biggest IRONIC moment . I won a cake walk at a church function . 
* opens fortune cookie * A new relationship is about to blossom . * frowns , then proceeds to drown slip of paper in soy sauce . * Silly Willy ! 
... how come you remember things you want to forget , but forget the things you want to remember ? 
Sugar rush(Mold day ? ) . The sun's beams of lights illuminated my mind . 
Why watssup ? 
is stupendously tired of looking at the world history book . More importantly , carrying it . 
is tired and waiting for doomsday ... 
is traumatized . I ran out of m&m's . 
feels like I'm walking on a tightrope .... and i thought doing pirouette were annoying . No more m&m's for me ... maybe . 
M&M's stimulate the mind . 
I stopped caring 4 days ago . 
muu ~ . Caught off-guard . 
wonders why she gets in trouble when ever she thinks ... back to being a robot . 
On a d'halloween countdown . Twix , Crunch , and m&m's are what im hunting down . 
sees one more snuggie commercial is going to scream . Lame song . Get a sweater . I'm pretty sure Vh1's pop culture battle has been through this . 
sitting at home , craving a dr. pepper . 
Had a dr. Pepper and is done . Only thing to make my day better would be a saints win ... 
wonders if its possible to just have ppl send me plates of food during the holidays instead of showing up ... 
did a u-turn due to a aversion to cockiness . 
always ends up visiting ppl she doesnt know or .... about . 
loves that moment when you find way more chicken nuggets than ordered . I still am looking for Peaches . 
M . - go for it ! After all , its V-day ... 
For all sad words of tongue and pen , the saddest are those ' It might have been . ' - John Greenleaf Whittier 
The most painful thing is to be sitting right next to the person you love most , but never being able to let them know . - Unknown 
hates it when you hear a song and freak out and no one else gets it . ( This is War to be exact . ) 
is taking mental health day until further notice . 
Going to feel like I've been hit by a train , heres to a boycott of looking at my plan and past scores . 
few months left . Gotta do something memorable . Pillow fight/slip ' n slide anyone ? 
glasses-70$ . show stopping dress-25$ . having a spectacular day with no homework ? -priceless 
1st person to like my status- i'll change my last name to yours for 1 week . ( depends .. it might be for an hour ... ) 
2nd person to like my status- i'll write i love you on your wall . ( Maybe depends on my mood ) 
3rd person to like my status- i'll think about answering any question ( Inbox Only ) 
4th person to like my status- You can pick my next status . 
Tiger was so not cool , Eeyore got it ... only a donkey could be so deep ... 
I know i can't dance . But its fun to anyway . WOD , i love you guys ! ( Happy ? ) 
J'ai besoin quelque chose a faire .. quelqu'un d'autre ? 
FC-Avoid unchallenging occupations-they will waste your great talents . - I'd rather sleep ... -.- 
Playing with my money is like playing with my emotions . - Big worm 
Few torturous weeks left . Love your music choices Lexis Fay and Kenya Thompson . 
Once all these lame end-of-the-year projects are done -school officially is over-screw the calender . 
May 26 : the day when the prison sentence ends . August 1 : the nightmare begins . 
Highlight of my day : did a whoopi goldberg cameo with a mustache Elizabeth Kelly and a hula fairy Marissa Emanuel . 
O positive blood . I will use my powers for good . If I'm honest , it depends on my mood . Muahaha . 
We never get the things we want . 
#MyRaptureplaylist and #endoftheworldconfessions is hilarious . 
Its comforting to know that from this Friday to July 31st , I wont be waking up at five-thirty a.m. 
Omega Tennant , your party made me sore . Ily Lexis Fay and Tianna Etes- you both killed it ! ( Sprinkle instead of sweat-hahaha ! ) 
rolling out today . 
Netflix is addicting . 
I need a HPDH 2 poster for my room ... 
I throw my summer AP work in the air sometimes , saying ayo , I'll take a zero . 
If you walk around enough , youll see some questionable crap on the streets ... 
On a safari at kalahari . 
<3 kevin hart . 
everyday I'm shufflin . 
did the impossible and cut it . 
is relaxed and happy , its a miracle .... 
It was all worth it . 
" Last Day Of Obama " - I wonder If theres gonna be a hater page for every Pres from now on ... 
Its trampoline time !!! 
" I was a beast in High School " - My Dad , talking about fitness . ( This guy right here .. ) lol . 
Thriller on MJ : the experience is no joke . Go hard or go home . 
Woo ! The one day of the year when I can light it up legally . 
looking at my competition on the street . i wont be out done ... 
Mad how the neighbors had a firework that set off two car alarms and a wave ... next year its going down . 
Transformers 3- At that final standoff I was thinkin ya trick ya and all I do is win ... -_- 
All Dogs go to Heaven ... Old Disney movies were the ish . 
Bad movie day . So exicted . 
Tryna find motovation to do AP stuff . 
HPDH2- Epicness , if you're not sitting near a man who can't keep his emotions together . 
My sis tried to make waffles . I think I now understand the love/hate relationships between siblings . 
