this computer sucks !! 
i hate this computer this is why i dont go online !! 
its too nice out to have to go to work :-( 
dahlilah is so cute but so annoying at the same time 
put a deposit down for the wedding .. theres no turning back lol 
searching for a new place to live ... 
Sushi time 
my phones not working so anyone trying to get ahold of me ... im not ignoring you ! 
got a new phone hello world ! 
found a new place to live ... goodbye bensenville !! 
today is gonna suck 
watchin the squirels climb on my screen lookin for more peanuts 
time to make another tattoo appt ! 
roller bladeing with kevin ! 
Going to the Blackhawks game tonight ! 
sometimes i just want to throw this computer at the wall 
i wish i had a maid 
made an apointment for my next tattoo session .. yay 
steep hill + roller blades = a bruised ass 
crossing my fingers ! 
UPS is really suckin it lately .... 
Cookie brownies are the best thing ever made ! 
ok i really need to get ready now ... 
One thing after another 
Go Blackhawks ! 
ahhh so much to do and soo little time 
does anyone want a set of 8 clear glass sundae dishes ? 
moving in less than a week ! lets get this over with already 
Why do all the crazy people have to come to MY work ?!! 
scumb of the earth come on ! 
whos helpin us move saturday ? were startin early because we need to return the keys before the office closes at 6 i believe . 
the computer finally works !!!! 
spent to much time on facebook today .... so dont want to go to work tonight ! 
going to make an appointment to get my tattoo done later ! yay 
he finally did it !! 
going to the blackhawks game tonight .. yay 
chinese food here i come ! 
merry fucking christmas 
cleaning then shopping 
tattoo again tonight !! 
cant wait to go swimming !! 
wanna hear something ridiculous ... when i went into the tattoo shop the other day there was this nerdy lil white girl getting the time of when lil wayne got out of jail on her wrist .... we had a good laugh 
A 13 year old boy in Texas shot himself because he was bullied & 
tormented for being gay . Today , I STAND UP TO THOSE BULLIES in his 
honor . If you care to STAND UP with me , please Repost this as your 
status . No one should ever have to be tortured or bullied for who they 
are !!! We are all human beings . 
boo !! back to work 
my cats are gonna kill eachother ... the fur is flying 
i soo wish i coulda gone to the blackhawks parade today ;-( 
but looking forward to Mayhem Fest !!!!! 
go blackhawks !! 
woke up with a bloody nose today .. awesome ... 
ready to get my drink on 
boredom ! 
12 loads of laundry and im still not done 
ok so we offically set the date 12/2/11 ! vegas hear we come 
i hate cleaning 
this will be a fun hungover day at work today ... lucky i get to go listen to a bunch of screaming kids 
monday 8pm tattoo time ! 
ive got one hand in my pocket an then other one is giving a high five ... everything is gonna be fine all right ... 
im thinkin whirly ball for my birthday ... 
boredom 
He wear no shoeshine , he got toe-jam football . He got monkey finger , he shoot coca-cola . He say " I know you , you know me " One thing I can tell you is you got to be free . Come together right now over me 
i hate work ! looking forward to kickball this weekend 
who has a tape measure to take my measurements for my dress ? 
its so nice today 
i picked a date ... its not for a while but i wanted it on our anniversary .. ya know stay with the theme ... sep . 28th 2012 
got my lou malnatis and my heart shaped pizza ! 
up to my elbows in potato salad 
being sick sucks ! 
gotta get ready to go to work ... stupid carnival thing 
haha my work wants us to watch a customer service video called 
how to have a great day everyday ... 
good night ! 
tattoo again tonight ... im excited 
still waiting ...... 
i like it on the floor 
im ready for spring ... 
yumm pizza ! 
champagne ! 
its too cold time for a vacation ! 
Hey now , all you sinners Put your lights on , put your lights on Hey now , all you lovers Put your lights on , put your lights on Hey now , all you killers Put your lights on , put your lights on Hey now , all you children Leave your lights on you better leave your lights on 
time to get dressed and start my day 
PARTY ! 
ok so i talked the guy at caesars palace ... we are staying at the flamingo ... he's sending me an email with the group confirmation code and a special website link i guess .. let u know when i get it 
and a vegas wedding it will be ... 
ahhh time to actually do something .. im such a lazy ass ! 
ok sisters we need to pick a day that we can all get together and talk about vegas and the wedding ... this week i have friday and sat off 
mmmmm coffee 
what a douche bag ! 
what's on my mind ? ALOT 
i can already tell .... its gonna be one of those days 
stuck at home ... our cars are buried up to my waist 
crossing my fingers for a snow day tomarrow ! 
