Meow . d( @u @)b 
Meow . 
Is really enjoying College thus far . (^ ^) 
WTF ?! XD Heh , there are 30 results to my Death Quiz and half of everyone who is taking it is getting the same result ! Why ?! LoL 
The weather is very nice out today . It's days like these that make me wish I still had a working bicycle . (¬ ¬) Meow . 
I'm guessing that this is because of the abnormal hour it is right now , but at the moment , nearly all the popular quizzes on Quiz Monster just so happen to be in German . (><) Funny stuff . 
Gawwwwwsh , I hate how break gives my brain the excuse to not wanna sleep , even more than usual .. I iz SOOOO AWAKE , tiz almost 3am , and I need to be out ... Uhg .. I hate having obligations in the morning that I never wanted to attend in the first place ... Meow ... 
These quiz things have terribly inaccurate results . > < I love it . Let's take some more . 
Okay , gotta be up in seven hours , time for bed ! XD Hehehe . 
I'm writing a paper , and it would really help if everyone could fill out this Poll for me please : http://tinyurl.com/y9kp4nu - Thanks ! (^^) 
Hehe .. Not really a fan of this " new , simplified " facebook yet . (¬ ¬) 
UhG ! Why does no one ever come to Arizona ?! Every time a band's on tour or an artist's out signing , we're left out ! .. Then again , there was that one time .. Glad I didn't miss that . d (><) b Hehe . Uhg .. 
If you & I woke up in jail together ... using only 4 words ... what would you say to me ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say .... ( If you make a comment , you gotta put this in your status . Fair is fair . ) 
I don't particularly like living on only 2 hours of sleep ... I'm TiiiiiiiiiiiReD ... ( x_x ) I wanna SLeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeP .... Meow . 
Today was FuuuuuuuuuuuN . ^^ Can't tell you how awesome it actually was , waiting in line for over an hour , trying to get out of the Renaissance Festival . It was more fun than the actual festival . > < Fun stuff . ... Got school in the morning now . Uhhhhg . @_@ Night night . ^^ 
Hehe , I got on the computer tonight to write an english outline that's due monday , ended up taking personality tests and listening to Disney's Alice in Wonderland . Good job at keeping on the ball , KaT ! XD Hehe .. 
SoOoOo tired .. Only part one of many much homework this weekend is now complete . Uhhhhhggg ... My eyes .. They buuurn .. ( x_x ) ... Everyone enjoy the rest of their friday , kay ? (^ ^) 
Well , so much for trying to get some decent sleep after that late night . X_x Body won't let me sleep past 9:30 am .. Stuck on 3 hours of sleep with no choice , hmm .. Get back to work ? Probably Should . > < 
Not to mention the fact that this weather is absolutely amazing . <3 All this rain , I hope it never stops ! EveR !! 
" Hmm .. I say we clear our head with some hardcore death metal instead . Then maybe we'll get something done . " " Mm'kay . " 
I had another one of those dreams last night , crazier than any Lewis Carroll book , as usual . I dunno why people think his stuff's so ou t-t here . It's really not . 
" So Caitlin , which should we do tonight , that Graphic Art assignment or that English paper that's due friday ? " " Hm .. How about some Facebook first ? " " We're hopeless . " 
Sometimes , I really am terrified that those short naps cause petit mal seizures .. Just watch , in time , the surgery would have been for not . 
Todays weather , it makes me very " happy . " <3 
Breath in those speakers .. 
Gawd , I LOVE METAL . 
Well , that's awfully depressing . Can't you wait till I'm 21 to have your final shows then ? Please ? I'm aaaaalmost there .. Kind of . ... Wait , some sites say 21+ and others say All Ages . Uhg . Will someone help me figure out if the shows in early April for ' Sleepytime Gorilla Museum ' are doable or not ? Pleeeeeaaaaase ? I wanna go real bad .. Even if it is a state away ... 
Holy crap , I've been working on this single Logo Design the last ten hours straight .. Time sure flies when one's having fun , yes ? Hah ! ; @_@ 
Heyyyyyy , does anyone know where I can grab a free copy of Adobe AfterEffects CS4 ? CS4 contains a few required elements that were removed in CS5 , therefore CS5 is kinda useless to me right now . Please ? Anyone ? Anyone at all ? 
[ Topic : Design Revisions ] - " It gives me the impression that the work the designer creates is ' wrong ' , and then needs ' correcting ' . I always create designs with reasoning behind the graphics , therefore I don't tend to work on a revision basis . " ~ Chris Spooner [ Famous Designer ] 
Wild concert . @_@ Give it up for Emilie Autumn ! <3 
Holy crap , how could I have been so bloody distracted ? @_@ I need to go pick up my Pokemon White ! Not that I have time to play it .. Boo . 
Tea with toast and jam , anyone ? ... Someone got peanut butter in my jelly . How awfully depressing that makes things ... 
Freaking amazing concert . Fair to Midland's show tonight was absolutely fantastic . Man , Darroh sure gives a crazy performance on stage . @_@ Loved it , very good indeed . ^^ 
I'm sick of being responsible . Cracking open White . HuZZaH . 
If you're a girl , why does everything in Pokemon have to be pink ?! Uhg , its awfully annoying , @_@ I must say . 
The changes they made to the Pirates ride at Disneyland were dissappointing . That makes me sad . T-T Boo ... 
Alice in Wonderland . ^^ 
Uhg . These rides arent giving me enough adreline . I need MORE . @_@ Psyched for Scream ! 
Psychology make me giddy . ^^ I just found a pdf of the DSM IV TR . Totally going nuts . > < Now if only I had it in print ... Let's get started ! 
Why does my favorite mad group of musicians have to be going away ...? And why must I miss their final shows ...? This is awfully depressive . 
Anyone willing to take me to Los Angeles next friday , April 8th ? Please ? I'll totally pay for everything . @_@ I wanna guuuuuhhh ... ? - ? Take me to Sleepytime Gorilla Museum ... 
This semester couldn't possibly get any worst . ... Could it ? 
" Remember not only to say the right thing in the right place , but far more difficult still , to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment . " ~ Benjamin Franklin 
Gotta get up in five hours . Rather stay up the next five hours followed by sleeping in till noon . You suck , school . Uhg , can't sleep ... 
Find myself studying the wrong subject material for my up and coming psych test .. Focus , Caitlin , focus ; we don't cover this material for another few weeks ... Uhg ... +_+Distractions ... 
Why does your nose have to be in the center of your face ? Lying face down would be the most comfortable position if it wasn't fatal . Sigh . 
Woah .. Talk about an emotional reminder .. It's amazing what music can evoke . Just by listening to a memorable song I haven't heard in a while . 
My poor cat's got a black eye . > < Poor guy must have gotten into a fight , is all I can assume . 
Feeling bitter . A little depressive . Just saw the art show ; hardly any competition . Sigh . Thats what happens when you rely on technology .. 
I can't fall asleep , but I'm sooooo tired .. UhHhHhHhG ... 
Totally just caught a fly with my bare hands , cuz I'm just that awesome . ... Happy Easter , by the way . 
Time moves too quickly . Anyone know how to reconstruct their perception , so I can think faster , causing days to move slower ? Anyone at all ? 
I want to KiLL the City of Mesa graphic designer ... Is that so wrong ? 
JUST KIDDING !!! I'm not a threat , I promise ! Just a hurt insulted college student with a big ego ! I'm safe & harmless ! Don't arrest me ! @_@ 
" Few people are capable of expressing with equanimity opinions which differ from the prejudices of their social environment . Most people are even incapable of forming such opinions . " ~ Albert Einstein 
" When distant and unfamiliar and complex things are communicated to great masses of people , the truth suffers a considerable and often a radical distortion . The complex is made over into the simple , the hypothetical into the dogmatic , and the relative into an absolute . " ~ Walter Lipphan 
" All human situations have their inconveniences . We feel those of the present but neither see nor feel those of the future ; and hence we often make troublesome changes without amendment , and frequently for the worse . " ~ Benjamin Franklin 
" Great minds discuss ideas ; average minds discuss events ; small minds discuss people . " ~ Eleanor Roosevelt 
I could seriously use some cheap but decent white studio lamps for shooting photo and video .. Anyone know where I could get some ? 
Only one more day of the weekend left ... I'm terrified ... 
Uuuuuuuhhhhhhg , freakin ' wisdom tooth .. Life just loves to kick me when I'm already down . And on finals week too . Just can't study under so much pain .. T-T 
It's too hot to be 9:30 am . -_- I hate you , Arizona . 
While at the funeral of her own mother , a girl met a guy whom she did not know . She thought this guy was amazing , the dream guy that she was searching for , and fell in love with him immediately . She never asked for his name or number and afterward could not find anyone who knew who he was . A few days later the girl killed her own sister . Why did she kill her sister ? 
[ If you've heard this riddle before , don't respond ] 
Sorry guys . Got all your instant messages , but I was never even online when it was up . Got em ' hours and hours later . I really don't go on facebook ever , so , sorry . Dunno . Facebook goofed . 
Music : I require something loud and obnoxious with amazing instrumentals ; recommendations ? Anyone ? 
Just to remind you all again , please vote on this here . I believe it's the last day of voting , so anything helps = http://tinyurl.com/y4xbbry 
How come I always do my best work between the hours of 2 and 5am ? Hahahahahaha !! Who needs sleep anyway ? I'm wide awake ! HuZZaH ! 
Finally got to see Astro Boy . Very cute movie indeed . I liked it . 
" She only comes to me in my dreams , so sleep becomes routine . 
It's not healthy , it's what makes you right . It's not healthy , it's what makes you .. 
She only comes to me in my dreams , so sleep becomes addicting . 
It's not healthy , it's what makes you right . It's not healthy , it's what makes you 
hold her strings to haunt my dreams . " 
~ Entirely forgot this song existed . Love these lines . 
Every night I crawl into bed exhausted , wanna pass out but can't , end up on my comp or doing something of other , and regret it in the morning . 
Midnight always seems to roll around the corner so much more quickly than expected , does it not ? 
Haha , wordplay at it's finest . http://ak-is-harmless.deviantart.com/art/Microbooty-158140793 
" Does it really matter what time I go to bed and how late I stay up ? I'm not gonna want to get up in the morning no matter how much sleep I get . " 
Procrastination : The most difficult thing to control when you're bored out of your mind and are expected to get something done . I'm doomed . 
Haha , I just gave a speech in my public speaking class on how video games can actually be good for you . Now I feel like playing them . 
" Clever got me this far , Then tricky got me in . Eye on what i'm after , I don't need another friend . Smile and drop the cliche , ' Till you think I'm listening . I take just what I came for , Then I'm out the door again . " ~ Stuck in my head . Let's play a GUESSING GAME !!! Google is cheating . What's it from ? 
.. And I hope my family doesn't kill me in the morning for taking a shower at 2:30 am .. Forgive me ! I was absolutely COVERED in charcoal ! 
Night night . 
Got " Gothic Lolita " by Emilie Autumn stuck in my head somethin ' feirce . Heh . 
Got a phone call today that I won two awards for two of my three pieces entered in the MCC Spring Art Exhibit . (^-^) YaY . 
Suddenly Pokemon training just got A LoT more serious . 
Minnesota , Wisconsin , Illinois , and of coarse California ... Come to Arizona , freaking . X_x 
I totally just caught a SHINY PONYTA that appeared out of NOWHERE ! I know right ? Awesome . This will have been the second clean catch of a shiny pokémon I've caught this year . 
Eeep ! There's supposed to be a thunderstorm monday ! It better be right this time . I don't wanna get my hopes all up over nothing again . 
AwWwWwWwWw ... I accidentally threw my cookies away . (?- ? ) 
For as evil as the color pink is claimed to be , it sure makes for a darn good flavor of candy . 
Procrastination won't seem to leave me alone today . And I've decided I am quite in love with the soundtrack to Sherlock Holmes . Lovely movie . 
Today went by WaY too fast . x_X 
Night night everyone . 
Sick of having amazingly out of the ordinary dreams and then not being able to remember the details after waking up . (@_+) Love the dreams and all , love them very much actually , but I'm sure if I could remember after waking up I would easily be able to write a kick-ass story from the result . Uhg . We'll work on that then . ~ Remember dreams . Good luck ! 
I think I'll go bed and take my pills now , have another nightmare tonight and wake up in the morning going , " Well that was weird . " Routines . 
Mmmm , Red Velvet Cake with Sour Cream Frosting and Lots and Lots of Sushi ; YuMMeH ! We celebrated my birthday today . Sushi at Kona Grill for dinner . It was good . ^^ 
It's such a beautiful day out today . Rain , sky ! Rain ! 
I may have relapsed since saturday too . There seems to be some sort of massive slug crawling about my organs and planting bombs in my brain . 
??? 
It apears to be 11:11 on May 11th .. Do it , make the almost-ultimate wish ! 
I've proclaimed that Skittles are all of pure sugary evil . I can't stop eating them . 
It's very nice outside . With any luck this wind will bring in another storm before the heat arrives . Goodnight . 
I am suffering from a server case of Creative Insomnia tonight . My mind is racing through that darn melody over and over again . Night night . 
My DS just died .. T-T 
Monday already ? :( 
Okay , it is now three o'clock . One more drawing to go and I shall be done with the final portfolio .. UUUUUHGGG , I AM SO SICK OF DRAWING . @_@ 
Well , I am very proud to say that my English paper is finally complete . Just about one week left till summer now . HUZZaH ! @_@ I am so ready .. 
I'm DuuuuuuuuuN ! With this semester at least . And I got an A in that awful English class , so I'm happy ! HooRaYz for summer ! 
... Headache ... ( x_X ) Can't write anymore .. Please , no more english paper , no more art projects , no more studying , please .. I shall complain . 
Well , the HW drawing doesn't look real at all , but let's agree it's done enough for tomorrow . Im getting to bed much earlier than expected . 
" ... And she laughed . For the past never fails to come back and haunt those who never want it to return , and therefore she remembered . " 
I'm getting kind of sick of working on this one drawing I'm doing .. Oh , it's awful .. Just awful .. I KNOW ! I need exercise ! Throw me some ideas ! IDEAS NOW ! 
WHAT SHOULD I DRAW ?! 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!! T-T Tickets for APC just went on sale and are already sold out for Tempe .. Not fair .. I wanna goo stiiiill .... NOT FAIR ...... I WANNA GOOO ... 
Mr " R or 42 : " Seriously ? 
Holy freaking crap ! It's totally dry outside , and then suddenly .. BAM ! Complete downpour out of nowhere ! I luff it . <3 
Facebook's not letting me attach music videos to my posts . >> Irritation . 
Mew . 
There was a flood in my dream last night , it filled our house . Then there was an earthquake , a carnival next door got destroyed , and then some mad man was on the loose collecting children .. Yeah , it was weird . 
" If you're keeping score , then you're bound to win . 
A bird's eye view of a burning bridge . 
You come through ghost towns set on pause . 
Hoping the risk was worth the cost . " 
0101011101101000011110010010000001100100011010010110010000100000011110010110111101110101001000000111010001100001011010110110010100100000011101000110100001100101001000000111010001101001011011010110010100100000011101000110111100100000011101000111001001100001011011100111001101101100011000010111010001100101001000000111010001101000011010010111001100111111 
Alright , I have a value painting and 3 Lessons of book work due Mon , some website mocks , lessons , and a photoshop project due Tues , an InDesign project due Wed , a CSS exercise , quiz , a crap load of math HW and a math test on Thurs , and only 2 days to do what I haven't already completed so that I may attend Uproar Festival on Sun with no worries . Oh goodness , I sense sleep loss in the near future . LET'S DO THIS ! @_@ 
" You want to what ? " - " Yes . All of it . " - " Don't you need like parental permission or something ? " - " Hahahaha . I'm nineteen , miss . " - " ... NO WAY ?! " - " Yup . " - * LOL * - " Okay then , let's get started ! " ; It never gets old . 
I'm having trouble finding some decent white face-paint or makeup cream for Halloween . Any location suggestions ? 
Mr " ? " : If you put that symbol next to an " _ " followed by " ? " it makes something that looks a little like a smiley face . Just saying . 
#6859493 : No no no , you're doing it WRONG . I want LETTERS . Numbers are overrated . 
Really guys , I'm not responding to your numbers . 
ATTENTION ! [ I hate using all caps , but ... ] ATTENTION , I SAY ! 

It's been FOREVA since I've read or even found a decent comic book these days [ independent , not Marvel or DC ] . Any suggestions , guys ? Please ? Pleeeeeaaaaaaze ? I need something good and worth reading . I'm dried out . HALP ! 
Ive never really had to use it before now , because Ive never really done much photography until now . Camera RAW is an amazing Adobe feature . 
" Something I’m really quite good at is working on things I’m not supposed to be working on while horrific deadlines loom for projects that really DO matter ! " ~ ... I second that . ; ^¬^ Uhg ... 
I think I'll fall off the planet now . ~ Hey , everyone ! ... Throw me a song . [ Artist - Song - Genre ] ~ Go . 
