Thanks for the greetings ! :) 
Uploading ... 
This is gonna take awhile ... 
WTH ? nadula 75 ko ?! Where did it go ? line of nine nlng kta ko ? Thank you God mka DL pa ko ! 
Hates heartburn . . . So hard to breathe 
With modern technology , nobody has privacy 
Hell is finally over ... Electronics and Statics nlng bwas ! 
feels really sick ... 
Didn't expect that a Electronics Expo would be so exhausting .... I had to rest and eat after going through one area ... and there were 2 more 
~_~ .... bored 
We do not plan to fail , but we often do when we fail to plan 
starting to pack ... there's no turning back now 
One night is not enough to make a life changing decision ... 
Jumpshot ! 
Thank God I arrived safely .... Hello Hongkong ! 
Hate the humidity ... 
Time to chill ... 
Going Home 
People should realize that i'm old enough to understand that when they say its nothing its actually something 
exhausted ... still have electronics quiz tomorrow 
Exhausted ... 
Glad to be back home safely 
tired from all the walking .... walked almost 20 km in one day ... 
Just experienced how its feels to walk in heavy fog 
SEMBREAK NA ! 
XD Just finished voting 
Welcome Home Tita Elena Solas ! 
It's nice to have a boring sem break ... I can finally have some R&R time . 
having a mental breakdown after solving too any equation and still unable to get the answer 
Still no internet at home . . . 
Survived the first day ... another day of hell tomorrow 
One more to go ... 
There are some thing in life that are so good they must be true . 
Something good is just starting to happen .... 
. . . 
accidentally used my research work as scratch paper ... T_T 
Study ? 
One day of hell tomorrow ... God help us all 
Sometimes I would wonder why everything seems to be more complicated than it should be ... 
Woke up to early ... too lazy to go back to sleep ... 
Finally ! Quiz hell over ... Time to sharpen the saw ... 
Examinations are formidable even to the best prepared , for the greatest fool may ask more than the wisest man can answer 
I need to study ... 

On how to have bigger penmanship 
Cno nakatpos vector HW ?? 
Weeeww ... Kpoy ! 
hate toothaches >.< 
