I finished Vampire Academy by Richelle Mead . It was VERY good . 
I will be participating in NaNoWriMo 2009 . Don't bug me , unless you're Mom . 
New Moon has gained a higher gross than the Dark Knight . Fail . :[ 
Fail , humanity , fail . 
Well , I hope you Twilight fans are happy . My mom rented Twilight and watched it , and now she's in a boredom coma !! Worse , she said her IQ dropped ten points ! I hope you guys -- er , girls sleep well at night knowing you've disrupted an unsuspecting life ! >:[ 
LOL my account made me auto-join the Michael Vick club . 
Just finished Bloodlines . Woooo ! 
Happy holidays ! 
USA Today's Top 10 Books of the Decade : 1 . Twilight 2 . The Da Vinci Code 3 . Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix 4 . New Moon 5 . Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone 6 . Harry Potter and the Half- Blood Prince 7 . Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows 8 . Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire 9 . Eclipse 10 . Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets Agree ? Disagree ? 
Just finished Let the Right One In by John Ajvide Lindqvist . It's one of the best books I've ever read . 
My brother wrote this on our Windows 7-ized laptop : My friend Vista is one of the most stupid , dumb , mentally retarded computers that has ever lived in this universe . It is so stupid . I am writing this because of stupid Vista . Vista is the worst computer in all of mankind and Window's history ever . 
Nickelodeon is bringing back Invader ZIM . . . for one month . Can't they just replace a show about a male cow with something that is actually , I don't know , not stupid ? 
I read some stuff about the The Last Airbender movie . It's epic fail . In Dragonball Evolution proportions . Thanks for killing part of my soul , Shyamalan . 
JD Salinger died . Now I'm sad . :( 
Making us read The Divine Comedy is borderline torture . 
is angry . 
Who is emptier : the man who looks to fill a void , or the man who has stuffed the void with an abstract desire ? 
Tolerance ! Crazy idea ikr ? 
Need to finish things for Literary Magazine . . . . 
Finished stuff for Lit . Magazine . Need to remember to turn it in . 
People who want to see The Lovely Bones -- read the book first . 
All the puppies want to do is eat snow . 
" I got you some popcorn because it's healthier than candy . . . . " Oh grandma , I love you . :) ? 
That " Make A Baby With A Celeb " ad needs to die . I'll have nightmares . 
passed her stomach flu to her father . Hey , better him than me . 
To people who cite that the Cullens suck as vampires because they don't burn in the sunlight : Dracula could walk around during the day . The Cullens just suck . 
LOL . In Twilight Bella compliments Edward 120 times in the span of 400+ pages . Face : 24 Voice : 20 Eyes : 17 Movement : 11 Smile : 10 Teeth : 8 Muscles : 7 Skin : 7 Iron Strength or Limbs : 5 Breath : 4 Scent : 4 Laughter : 3 Handwriting : 2 Chest : 2 Driving Skills : 1 
There -- I have a face now . Whether or not it is scarier than David Bowie is disputable . 
A wise man once told me that there is no such thing as writer's block ; that wise man is full of it . 
Dear my beloved brother , who woke me up to tell me how the Colts were gonna whoop the Saints in a landslide : HA HA HA IN YOUR FACE WHOOOOO SAINTS WON SAINTS WON SAINTS WON SAINTS WON SAINTS WON SAINTS WON SAINTS WON SAINTS WON SAINTS WON ! WHOOOOO SAINTS WON SAINTS WON SAINTS WON SAINTS WON SAINTS WON SAINTS WON SAINTS WON SAINTS WON SAINTS WON ! There are times to be mature , and then there's retribution . 
I made a poem for this day . It's below , in my profile . 
Wow , that Remember Me movie actually looks kind of not lame -- and I hate romantic dramas . Still , dude needs to learn that after playing a sparklepire his manliness cred has been shot . 
New Moon is coming out to theaters in a few days . My opinion is this : " NOOOOOO WHY WHY WHY GET IT AWAAAAAY ! " * STAB * 
Andrew Koenig killed himself . :((((( 
I walked into my history teacher's trailer on Tuesday and he was watching a Western while munching on a grapefruit . Now THAT is productive learning . 
God , I'm such a butt monkey . I got stuck in a bathroom stall . :[ 
I got in trouble on Friday . :\ Teacher : Write your opinions on the snow day we had on Tuesday on this pad ! It's for the yearbook . Me , writes down : It was a waste of enthusiasm . If the world collapsed in 2012 Gwinnett County schools would still be open . Teacher : That's mean ! Why would you say something so nasty ? >:[ I'm going to cross this out ! Me : Because it's true ? 
Guy : Hey , can I copy your paper ? Me : No . Do it yourself . Guy : Whatever . I bet you're a dyke . You know , being gay is a mental illness and gays go to hell . Me : You know what's a mental illness ? Stupidity , and I think you need to get back on your meds . 
Girl : Shamu killed a person ! What will they do to him ? Me : Sell him to Japan . 
Today is the anniversary of Caesar's death -- in the Shakespearean play . 
Isn't it a beautiful day today , ladies and gentlemen ? 
I tried to read Midnight Sun so I could criticize it . I couldn't get halfway through the first chapter . I just couldn't . Edward ? Cry sum moar plz kthx . 
has been dying for the past three days and will probably still have to turn in her art project . Thanks , Mr. Lasseter . >:[ 
More success ! In my newer novel , I'm writing in a male 1st POV and the gender ratio , according to Gender Genie , is 105:62 , with male being 105 . Brb channeling my inner Tavon . 
LOL @ post on " No girl deserves to be treated like sh ! t " : " ok maybe we woulnt beat you if you wouldnt screw up our sandwhich orders . " God , I can feel the growing FEMINIST SMAAAAAAASH . Poor guy . 
My snow dance worked better than I thought it would . :) 
HA ! My account was disabled for a day because of a " security mistake " and now I am back ! * fist punch * 
A Very Potter Sequel scenes are on Youtube . 
Let the Right One In ( movie ): 9.5 /10 
I find it funny that there's a game where a nutshot causes immediate death to an opponent . 
So , I wanted a sophisticated name for my Sims 2 town . It's called Sporks . 
Gonna take a break from writing for awhile . 
There's a Spaghetti-O's recaaaall . 
wants to see Kick-Ass so much it HURTS . 
I know I should loathe mainstream commercialism like the bubonic plague , but Deathly Hallows ghthyrhyfthyrttr ! :D 
YES YES YEEEEEES DONE WITH MY CARD PROJECT DONE WITH MY CARD PROJECT DONE WITH MY CARD PROJECT DONE WITH MY CARD PROJECT DONE WITH MY CARD PROJECT !!!!!!! 
Geezus , I've been hit extra-hard with the retard stick today -- more so than usual . Uggh , need to go back to bed . 
In a week it'll be Damon Salvatore day :) . . . and Noah's birthday . :\ 
Does anybody else who plays the Sims 2 like to trap them in a room and watch them starve to death and just make them spontaneously combust ? Must be just me , I guess . 
I guess I should start on my homework . . . . 
" Voldemort got a dude-ur-so-retarded look on his face . " 
" Love overcomes hate . . . All is love . " All is love , except for hate : xenophobia , homophobia , racism , ethnic cleansing , nukes . . . . The hate's still there , sadly , and saying " I love you " is a very mediocre defense when your loved one steps on a land mine . :| And there's still the illustrious " Pffft . Who cares ? " 
" Their Eyes Were Watching God " spoiler alert : Rape . 
Wimminz = sammiches . =) 
Would anyone care if I posted some of my stories to FictionPress.com? The submissions will not be the complete stories , but abridged versions . 
* cough cough * 
Time for a two-hour homework break . 
The Right of Mind has 15 published chapters at FictionPress.com--11 posted in the last few hours . There are more completed ones to post , but I'm taking a break . 
Happy b-day Grand . :] 
so i herd ur adjusting ur cocktail stick in ur cafe world . 
had a philosophical discussion about thongs . 
After a woman hired a hitman to kill her husband and got busted , her husband tried to pay to get her out of jail . That is either very sweet or very stupid . 
LMAO . " I read that in an interview with Revolver , [ Marilyn ] Manson said he called her [ Evan Rachel Wood ] 150 or more times , and she didn't answer and that he wants to crush her head with a hammer . This might implicate that they are separated now . " 
Good news : My aunt may take me to see Kick-Ass . ; bad News : I have to watch New Moan in return . Hopefully , the 95% approval rating of KA eliminates the 28% for NM . 
Apparently , the Breaking Down/Wind movie will have " more sex scenes . " Joy , because Pattinson's fake abs weren't awkward enough . :| 
My Physics project is pretty . Too bad it doesn't work . :/ 
is shooting Greased Lightning at some cats trying to demolish our shiny tree . 
In Spanish 2 , we wrote poems about Lady Gaga . In more awesome news , I had a dream that I saw a blonde chick get eviscerated with a spiky thing and her killer started pulling her intestines outta her eye sockets . So , yay ! 
Holy crap . Stephenie Meyer is making a new Twilight series from Nessie's perspective . FREAKIN ' NESSIE . 
Noah said that one of my stories put a delete stick to its head . Hahaha , fortunately , it wasn't that lucky . 
Watching something on History Channel about werewolves . 
Oh yeah ? If Frodo doesn't exist , then who wrote Lord of the Rings ? >:( 
Who exactly neutered the kid that used to freeze in place outside of the school ? 
On deviantART , for April 1st , they made members ' icons either show Jacob , Edward , or Lady Gaga . 
Seriously , do people even know the difference between climate and weather anymore ? Climate is a general condition over time , and weather constantly changes . Global warming is a theoretical CLIMATE continuity , not weather . Weather really has nothing to do with the idea of slowly increasing worldwide CLIMATE temperature at this moment in time , as it is sporadic . 
The next Vampire Diaries episode is called Let the Right One In -- my all-time favorite vampire romance book . It's great . You can't pool it into the same category as Twilight . Ever . 
I'm kind of excited to get back to school . . . because one of my classes is Creative Writing ! 
Sie wollen mein Herz am rechten Fleck , doch seh ich dann nach unten weg ; da schlägt es in der linken Brust -- der Neider hat es schlecht gewusst . 
No me gusta mi abuela's computadora nada porque su computadora es horrible . >:[ 
Finished The Historian . Some books are long and others are loooooong . 
Noah needed my help , then proceeded to call me a retard . Oh well . Sucks to be him . 
I am an official Poetry Club Ambassador ! I have arrived ! :DDD 
Finished Tale of Two Tttttt -- Cities . Again . It got worse . 
R U REDDY 4 DoS 
What can I change my picture to if I support child abuse ? 
There really is no new series , but IT'LL HAPPEN . 
As a comedy NM gets a 4 & bonus points for Rob and Stewart trying to act . I survived . 
I know I'll be ostracized for this , but gauges are stupid . They look really , really stupid , and you're just stretching out your ear for a plastic surgeon to fix and later laugh his way to the bank . 
Writer's block . Ideas plz ? 
" You must stick to your convictions , but be ready to abandon your assumptions . " 
-Denis Waitley 
This society has suffered from a dramatic ailment that has been diagnosed as Vampire Overdose . The only cure is a drastic detox -- stat . Can we bring back zombies or dragons ? Maybe wizards ? Werewolves that don't suck ? Let's play a game : type in " OMG SPARKLES " on my profile every time you see an ad about vampires . Sheesh . 
Football is gayer than soccer . By far . And I don't even like soccer . Any sport where guys in tights smack each others ' butts and tackle each other and grab balls -- with terms like head-to-head , receiver , WIDE receiver -- is hella gay . 
Anyone wanna see Shutter Island ? 
is working on a paper that attempts to debunk something Einstein said . Fun , fun , fun ! 
Leaving for some days brb . 
Why can't I let my characters be happy ? Why must I maim , torture , murder , rape , eviscerate , char , roast , and otherwise give them a bad time ? From a slow death to a heart attack to a Nickelback concert , they always die unhappy . I love you guys -- really , I do . 
According to Fred Phelps of the Westboro Baptist Church , Lady Gaga is a " hussy " with a " whore's forehead " . Pure lulz--haven't heard those expressions spoken in this decade ever until now . 
Hey guys : did you know Michael Jackson was never buried ? Seriously . He wanted to be recycled into something meaningful . So they made his body integrate into parts of large white shopping bags . He wanted to be in death what he was in life : big , white , and dangerous for little boys to play with . 
" Believe it or not Stefan , some girls don't need my persuasion . Some girls just can't resist my good looks , my style , my charm , and my unflinching ability to listen to Taylor Swift . " -- Damon Salvatore 
The people telling me that Statue Kid is getting charged with soliciting better be joking . 1 . to try to get something by making insistent requests or pleas ; 2 . ask somebody for something : to plead with or petition a person for something ; 3 . to offer to participate in sexual activities with somebody in return for money ; 4 . to attempt to draw somebody into participating in ILLEGAL or IMMORAL acts 
:( 
Did you know that real life Native Americans consider it taboo to talk about werewolves or shapeshifers ? Ohhh the irony . Good work , Meyer . Way to not do the research . 
" i get to watch bella whore it out in new moon ... " -- Nikki , my cousin :) 
Watching New Moon . Somebody save me . 
Yesterday was the beginning of Banned Books Week , celebrating our right to read books that were once banned ( sometimes including books banned in other countries) ! 
So , I'm listening to my mom and bro watch Titanic upstairs . . . with lots of splashing and shrieking . . . God , I wish this stupid boat would sink already . . . . 
Finished LA project an hour ago . 
I'm eating my breakfast with a 3 ft + Great Dane hovering over me . :| 
Saw Shutter Island . It was great , but could've been 30 minutes shorter-felt more like Stutter Island . 
" The next Vampire Diaries will be When Good Vampires Go Bad . " -- Cecilia Thomas Deibler aka my mommy 
In America , your job determines your marks ; in Soviet Russia , Marx determines your job . 
had fun with Aunt Marcie . :) We went to Barnes and Noble again and actually got books this time ! 
UGH MOM , please don't publish my cafe crap . 
I'm going to pimp out my short story , " Life'll Kill Ya " . It's in my notes and on my profile . Feedback is appreciated . I submitted this to the Lit . Magazine at school . It probably offended somebody , so don't expect it anywhere ( crossing fingers ) . 
Twilight got put on the list of challenged books . Good work team ! 
Aunt Marcie , you're my favorite aunt . Pleeeeeeease take me to see Kick-Ass . Pleeeeease . We had a fun time watching Shutter Island , didn't we ? Pleeeeease . Nobody else wants to see some violent superhero movie but me ! :[ I'm being reduced to begging ! Have mercy ! 
I wanna see Kick-Ass . . . I've been wanting to for two months after I saw the heavenly trailer . :| 
going to cabin with no internet access . 
Umbridge/Avada Kedavra -- best pairing or bestest pairing ? 
A slogan for Team Jacob is " Real men don't need sparkles " . Yeah ? Well , real men don't use their squeeze's daughter as rebound bait . 
Did Day of Silence . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QlzKj-6CpXw 
My Spanish teacher loves Lady Gaga , but he's mad at her now . He's a vegetarian , and , well . . . . 
Is it just me , or is House starting to look like Chuck Norris ? 
I -- I think I'm in love . 
Guys , the " we only use 10% of our brains " claim is a MYTH . We may not utilize 100% , but the 10% thing is a lie . 
" Look at this ! Rocketship Potter ! Star kid Potter ! Moon shoes Potter ! Traversing the galaxy for intergalactic travels to Pigfarts ! " 
Marriage is a three ring circus : an engagement ring , a wedding ring , and suffering . 
You know , some kids have dads that would say that Bambi's mom went to Deer Heaven ; my dad said he made her into deer stew . Now I know that Edward Cullen killed her . 
doesn't know who " Emily Deebler " is , but good for her for winning a Reflections literary award . 
Ehh , at least Jesus doesn't sparkle . 
The music video of Lady Gaga's " Telephone " is the best thing on Earth . Seriously , talk about creative inspiration , and Quentin Tarantino's Pussy Wagon . . . . 
The movie for Beastly is going to have Vanessa Hudgens in it , despite the fact that the female love interest wasn't at all hot . It's just . . . not that exciting . I loved the book . :[ 
So . . . I saw a segment of that Jesus Camp thing with the anti-Islam rigmarole . I was right : I DIDN'T want to know . 
Currently being whipped by a story that's driving over and around me . 
Going to Barnes and Noble in a few minutes -- the one I go to depends on who's coming with . 
was told that only superficial , fluffy-happy crap gets into Reflections and wins , but I submitted artwork of a bleeding pregnant woman and a poem about a child prostitute killing herself and they BOTH won stuff ! :DDDD 
is looking forward to A Very Potter Sequel -- coming in Summer 2010 . 
Words used to describe my stories by reviewers : Confusing , weird , trippy , grotesque , creepy , strange , sordid , morbid , twisted , and warped . Keep it coming ! :D 
My mom had a dream that Lady Gaga killed herself ; I think I reacted worse than she did . 
Mississippi sucks . 
' s Geometry grade went from a 76 to an 89 . :D 
There is a town in England called Blackdykes ; I am not making this up . 
Quiero un novio para un esclavo . 
A new Avatar : The Last Airbender cartoon is in the works . 
Easy A : Some high school comedy with Scarlet Letter allusions . I kinda like the twist in the typical story , actually . The main character isn't promiscuous , but instead was slapping around with her gay guy friend . Thoughts ? 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DL7W6pEuAW0 
Today was a slice of fail on fail with a topping of failogna . 
I wish George Carlin was still here . :[[[[[[[[ 
Apparently , Prop 8 was overturned . Hope it stays that way . 
Oh Mel , you wacky card . 
prides herself on being a deranged writer while never taking drugs . Can my fellow heroes Poe or King say the same ? Nooooo . 
has a 99 in Spanish 1 . :] 
Man , I had a dream I lived in a werewolf community where Nazis were hunting us , and I had to move to a warehouse with my infant son and he got lost in a blue tarp . I only know it was a werewolf thing because that guy from Harry Potter led it . God , that's what I get for watching Inglorious Basterds and New Moan . . . . 
Women and men AREN'T equal , actually . . . women make better sandwiches . 
The music video for Bad Romance is now the most watched video on You Tube . It has surpassed 180 million views ! 
I am so glad this week is over . Now I get two weeks to fret over AP exams . . . . 
Hey , Marcie ! I have your Lady Gaga CDs and yoooooou don't! 
OK , I am going to do my homework for real this time . 
I'm glad I started the afternoon off discussing Hitler being Walt Disney and killing Jews with toothpaste because he evented fluoride toothpaste . :) 
Did anybody participate in Everybody Draw Mohammed Day ? 
Why can't I crush on dudes my own age ? Why do they have to be 40+ ? Do I have unresolved daddy issues or something ? 
I didn't watch Avatar , but Dad is at full volume in another room . . . and I think somebody just died . Love the music , though . 
Took the Hateway today -- and yes , I mean Hateway . 
Watched Inglorious Basterds . :) 
Watched Watchmen , Jennifer's Body , and District 9 this weekend . 
Bessie Braddock : Winston , you are drunk , and what's more , you are disgustingly drunk . Winston Churchill : Bessie , my dear , you are ugly , and what's more , you are disgustingly ugly . But tomorrow I shall be sober and you will still be disgustingly ugly . 
C'mon , peeps . There's no need to call me sexist ; I think both dudes and chicks are equally revolting and flawed . However , I simply pointed out a female's enhanced capabilities in the technique of sandwich preparation . I'm sorry if I offended any guys . You guys can make awesome sandwiches too . 
I heard Scott Pilgrim vs . The World was AMAAAAZING . 
I love how my own family just cuts me off during chat and they don't even say " bye " . YOU KNOW WHO YOU ARE MI TIA Y MI MADRE . >:[ 
" Ty , I'm really proud . This story has absolutely no rape in it ! " " Are you sure ? " " Yup ! " 
" No butt rape ? " " Nope ! " " Mind rape ? " " Nope ! " " Tentacle rape ? " " . . . Somebody needs to lay off the hentai . . . . " 
Man , I sure wish somebody loved me enough to take me to see a certain movie I've wanted to see for eight months . . . . but that's okay . I'll live . 
Dear celebrities on the commercials with sad soundtracks and the magazines plastered with pouting nymphets : Sometimes it doesn't get better . 
is almost done with her novella . It's so short that I'm just gonna make the sequel part of it -- cut it into sections based on Satan's ascent from Hell to Heaven . 
Ur personality is .... Put this as Ur status and see what people think Ur personality is (-; 
:DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD 
is going to write an epic poem , like the Odyssey except interesting . 
Wow , there are people complaining about how Kick-Ass depicts an 11-year-old girl being a cold-blooded murderer . . . I NEED TO SEE IT . 
gets to hear her grandma yell " You suck ! " and other obscenities at a baseball game . 
For me , a book needs good characters . Great characters . Most people say the plot is the most important aspect , but so many stories have a minimal plot and a great protagonist , like The Catcher in the Rye , whereas there are books with a decent plot but shoddy character creation . 
Team Tyler's Van forever . 
Demon cannibals or zombie werewolves ? 
Vampire Diaries 1 is airing right now . 
Working on a SUPER DUPER secret writing project thing . ;) 
Oh , come on ! I wanna Shards o ' Glass Freeze Pop ! 
Just saw Princess and the Frog . Wished there was less singing . 7/10 
Slipknot's bassist died . 
White people are for rent in China ? 
" It was bad . Wall-banging bad . It was so bad that if there was a wall in front of me I would've banged my head against it . " 
wishes an anonymous member of her family knew the mechanics to putting down a toilet seat , so those of us not endowed with cylindrical appendages utilized for urination and the ejaculation of male gametes would not haplessly fall into the porcelain disposal device . 
Well , I'm pretty much about 70% done with The Right of Mind . Just need to do extensive editing and filling in of current scenes and add a few more events . Overall , the plot is completely fleshed out . Good work , team . It's been exactly two weeks to this day from when I made the Summer Writing Pact with myself , and I haven't gone a single day without working on TRoM and other projects . 
That's IT . I am going to see Kick Ass if it kills somebody . >:( 
I am so late , but I would like to give a shout out to George Carlin : he would've been 73 on May 12th . PFIH , you awesome beast . 
Sarcasm may be the lowest form of wit , but it still goes over somebody's head . 
Ayn Rand sucks , and so does her quote that's blown up in Mill Creek's cafeteria . Atlas Shrugged—and so did book critics . 
Seriously , people ? You can sue the pope . Even if he isn't an official -- the President Nixon to the Watergate , so to speak -- he can still be charged for covering up a series of crimes -- even if he didn't molest the kids or the fact that he isn't a " business official " . It's still illegal to try to cover up evidence of elude justice by assisting the perpetrators in evading persecution . 
TCIF . 
" Christine O'Donnell released a commercial in which she says , ' I'm not a witch . ' That's pretty good , though not as effective as her opponent's slogan , ' I'm not Christine O'Donnell . '" ~ Jimmy Fallon 
Had a nice dream , for once . 
Saw about 90% of the first season of True Blood . 
got called up in school by The Man for arson . . . and he wanted to know how to pronounce my last name fooooooor . . . I don't know what ! They just kicked me ( as well as others ) out after that ! Apparently I may be the recipient of an award at some enigmatic ceremony . Derp ? 
Aaaah , a world without zombie cannibal barbecues is a sad world indeed . 
will get to see Kick-Ass -- maybe -- on Friday . Whew , glad I played it cool . :) 
" For one who reads , there is no limit to the number of lives that may be lived , for fiction , biography , and history offer an inexhaustible number of lives in many parts of the world , in all periods of time . " — Louis L'Amour 
The estrogen levels at the movies is insane . 
Also , thanks to Aunt Marcie for the feedback on one of my stories . 
This girl came into court and got thrown out because she had a shirt that said : " I have the p***y , so I make the rules . " Girl you need some spellcheck ; last I checked , " sandwiches " isn't spelled " r-u-l-e-s " . 
" Oh geez , it's Wednesday I need to -- wait , it's summer ! " Best feeling EVER . 
I just realized I only love Lady Gaga for her music videos . But that's okay , because at least she's creative enough to make engaging and immersive theatrics , whereas Marilyn Manson got old and pulled a lolwhut . 
* cough cough * DX 
Dude , my " I hate it when my van doesn't hit Bella Swan " page has almost 200 people . So sweet . 
It's official : I can't write guys . 
" To quote Shakespeare's Hamlet : ' Oh Nigga puh-leeeze ' . " -- Richard Coughlan 
Deathly Hallows in an hour . Eeee ! 
dyed her hair purple . 
This is the summer of the writing . No more screwing around . SRS BSNS guiz . 
Still reeeeaaaally wants to see Scott Pilgrim . Oh , but I'm gonna watch Pan's Labyrinth , The Orphanage , and the Let the Right One In movie adaptation ! :) 
got to hold a snake . 
There's a dude that gets legally paid to smoke marijuana and write critiques on it . Can you say " Job win ? " 
saw Juno , Daybreakers , Ghostbusters , and Mean Girls . 
Just realized that she had a heated debate with a forty-five-year-old woman . Ye gods ! 
Writer's block . Requests ? 
Lady Gaga was diagnosed with borderline lupus . See , it's SOMETIMES lupus . 
Currently , The Last Airbender has a 6% approval rating out of 100% . Wow , just wow . Eclipse has 50% . You know you failed as a director when this calamity happens . 
Wow , I love how the new shock collar is working . >.< 
Thank FSM it's done . 
A study shows that kids raised by lesbians are better off than kids raised by heterosexual partners . You know , that's completely believable , as the sandwich ratio is doubled -- therefore more brain food and less starvation . I commend the lesbian community for making twice as many sandwiches for adopted children who used to be in unsuitable environments . ILU . 
Got 120+ pages of my novel done . 
My favorite HP character is Bellatrix . . . BUT ISN'T MY NEW PROFILE PIC HOT ? 
Fox News just . . . just . . . SMH . 
Going over to Graaaaandma's . Gonna watch Season 2 and 3 of Avatar : The Last Airbender . 
" Be brave , get buried & spare a thought for the worms . " 
Poetry Club ! :D 
Roger Ebert : " My favorite shot shows a zombie having its head blown apart , with the skullcap bouncing into the air and falling down to fit neatly over the neck . If that doesn't appeal to you , nothing will . " 
LMAO , I love The Onion : " Obama/O'Reilly sexual tension going from low smolder to rumbling volcano . " 
So , I read The Host , and people that say this book is better than Twilight are LIARS . BOO . D: 
David Slade isn't going to direct the next Twi movie , and the new director said there would be no umbilical cord chomping . : __( Waaaaaaah . 
So yeah , LOL @ unmitigated poetry splurge . 
Played the Sims 2 . Made a guy get anal-probed and pregnant by aliens twenty times . Think I'll kill him off and sell the satellite that fell on him for some major cash , and then bring him back as a zombie . 
Those snow make-up days look pretty busy now , right ? xD BAHAHAHAHA ! 
Bristol Palin is guest-starring on Secret Life ? Oh show , you so funny . 
' Tis Buffy time . 
Dad : " What happened to the chips ??? " Me : " Our family goes through Doritos like Hitler went through Jews . " 
The Alaric Project is underway . 
It is LOVE MY SISTER week . If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you stumble , cheered you on , and kept you strong , then post this . Sisters are a friend forever . Put this on your status if you have an amazing sister . 
Just fought a vampire called Pink Pussy Fang . ? _ ? 
To everybody that gets to see Deathly Hallows : >:( . . . . 
Feels kind of annoying to everybody . :/ /lolangstbomb 
" Bella needs a rape whistle . " -Melina Pendulum 
Info on the new Avatar : TLA show : It'll come out in 2011 , it's set 70 years later , it's about a Water Tribe avatar with Aang's son as her airbending mentor , it's steampunk , and there's an anti-bending revolution . 
" We don't have a left and a right party in this country anymore ; we have a center-right party and a crazy party . And over the last thirty-odd years , Democrats have moved to the right , and the right [ Republicans ] have moved into a mental hospital . " -Bill Maher 
wants to see Pan's Labyrinth . 
is watching Season One of Dexter . 
I think Jhonen Vasquez is my hero . 
Apparently , some kid from MC tried to rob a house . . . and I watched Gothika . 
Changed my profile pic ' cause I'm tired of looking at my face . :| 
My Asian sister got shipped out of China because she has a mustache . 
http://www.americanmustacheinstitute.org/ 
Breaking Dawn is going to be split into two parts -- and the last part will come in November 2012 ? /double cry 
OMG , the Twilight movie parody's trailer is epic , even though it's waaay late to the show . It's about time . 
made a snuff film . It's footage consisting of a snake and an albino rat . The snake won . 
Haha , FAAAAIL . Went in the pool for five minutes and it started raining . 
Pretzel M&Ms are awesome . Do want . 
will have to see Eclipse . * sob * 
" Why are you prancing ? " " I'm not prancing ! I'm skipping like a man ! " 
Anybody wanna read my vampire drivel ? :\ 
All of the greatest revelations about the human condition are realized on the crapper . 
Why do I ALWAYS have 4A lunch ? 
Lady Gaga is immune to facial expressions , which is cool in a creepy way . 
The Poetry Club of MCHS is having a book drive . Please donate books . :) All of the books we get will be sent to a homeless shelter . 
Grandma's the only person I know that offers brownies at five in the morning . :] 
Teabagging and spraying dog pee at Freshmen . . . keep it classy , school . X ] 
Apparently , I have the magnificent ability of ticking off strangers when I don't even know how I offended them . In other news , please don't complain about people pushing into you when you're STANDING THERE CHATTING IN THE MIDDLE OF A DOORWAY . 
Haha , in my " Life'll Kill Ya " short story I always envision Morgan Freeman as Harvey ; in other news , we went to this awesome gift shop with " martini mints " and a brand of supplies called " Tired Old A$$ " ( soap , tissues with an old nun on it , etc ) for satirical birthday occasions . . . . 
RIP Daffy/Rosie . Went to see old teachers at my bro's school orientation ; saw Mrs. Merriam and Mrs. Bearchell -- now preggo . 
So , the Dalai Lama says his next incarnation may be a chick . . . but she has to be hot . 
The only people that think that sore winners are worse than sore losers are the sore losers . 
has named her mousetrap car " The Short Bus . " In other news , Physics blows . 
In recent news : Mankrik finds his wife ! 
New story underway . Loosely based on Indian mythology about vampire-esque things that wrap intestines around their heads and have a skull on top that drinks fluids from living creatures because it's made of all of the elements sans water . Good , wholesome stuff . Mostly gonna include lesser-known mythological creatures . 
So , I logged onto " Ninja Warz , " and started fighting a schoolgirl that tried to make a giant , pink lunchbox fall on me . . . WTF . 
Happy birthday Mommy ! :DD 
A rotting pig's head is , at best , not one's ideal form of decoration for the classroom . Ya know , a little motivational posters here , sure , a few pictures of kittens there . A pig's head covered in all sorts of do-not-wants we cannot even begin to describe is ugly . And it smells kinda funny . 
So , I got a character on WoW to the highest level possible . . . and it only took four years . :| 
Grandma has a toy for her cat . The toy looks like a gray cat , and if you put it on the ground it literally ROFLs . 
There's more to life than being inoffensive , unless you're the eulogist . 
Yaaay , I got promoted to vice president at Poetry Club ! :] 
Grandma and I finished watching Avatar : The Last Airbender entirely . :] 
was playing Fallout : New Vegas . Everything was cool until these threes grandmas randomly popped out of nowhere and started beating me with rolling pins . 
Little bro , you broke my Formspring ; it was not prepared for the onslaught of questionoids . 
In " A Very Potter Sequel , " Remus Lupin as a foul-mouthed , pee-drinking homeless person . AWESOME ! 
My Physics teacher asks me a question , and I pull a " lolwhut " look . :/ Well , at least I'm not a freshman at GSMST taking Gifted Physics . * double shudder * 
Working on that story that scares Marcie . Currently have intestines-wearing , Indian , vampire-like creatures , Korean non-dragons , spider-human necromancers , werewolves , gangly ghouls of hanged criminals , and Norse angel warriors . 
It's very disconcerting when one has to ask whom your autobiography is about . Love you , Nanny ! 
was playing WoW . . . and saw a dragon carrying away a rhino . Jeesh . 
People are dissing Hugh Hefner because he said women are sex objects . Well , he's right ; ALL human beings are sex objects . If we weren't , we'd die out . However , the interviewer asked exclusively about women . 
u liek teh wimminz ? 
Our bus driver gave us popsicles ! :D 
When somebody makes something idiot-proof , we'll just build a better idiot . 
" White trash , get on your knees ; it's time for cake and sodomy . " 
saw The Silence of the Lambs , V for Vendetta , and Scott Pilgrim . 
As empty as the sentiment seems , best hopes to Christopher Hitchens . 
is done with her novel . . . ' s first section . FINALLY . * does Daffy Duck jumping dance * WA-HOO ! WA-HOO ! :DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD 
" Isn't this where you tell me that all women belong in the kitchen ? " " No , because I don't believe that ; I believe that women belong in bed without any clothes on . " 
Poetry splurge underway . : \ 
Mmmkay , so the note below details story plans . I'd really , really appreciate feedback on stories that you may mant to see un-hiatus'd , or particularly intriguing story ideas you like -- stuff like that . I grow increasingly disheartened at the lack of feedback I receive , so , * whine * . 
Poe's Law . . . . X___x 
' s watching Buffy the Vampire Slayer . :D 
on page 42 of 392 of Shiver , by Maggie Stiefvater http://bit.ly/brAlt1 
What's better than doing homework and studying for a Physics test ? Finding another stupid Facebook game to play and cram up your profile , of course ! 
Dad called me a retard . :( 
finished her DBQ and the analysis of 3 of ' em . My joy is unparalleled . 
Keep making the organizations mad , Skins . :) 
Reeeeaaaally wants to see Scott Pilgrim . 
My friend told me I was weird , and then proceeded to try and staple his jacket sleeve to a desk . 
Momo ( the cat ) didn't believe me when I told her not to climb the tree , so I poked one of her eyes out . Now her name is Winkwink . 
is going to see Inception . 
I should've started studying , like , a week ago . . . . 
" Luna Lovegood grew up to become an influence among muggles . Today she is known as Lady Gaga . " -- Harry Potter website 
So , there's this book called East by Edith Pattou , and I love it . . . but I haven't bothered finishing it in 3 years . Which sucks , ' cuz I love Norse mythology ! So yeah . I always do this , and it's not the books ' faults . 
Saw an anti-gay sign out on the road . Look , I'm not gonna bust any chops on people's views on the matter , but , you know , those that put time and lots o ' money into this could really redirect this into fighting poverty or sickness . I think the Jesus figure would be more concerned about helping sick people than whom we marry . 
I killed Kenny and I liked it . 
" I would've said ' deliverance ' here , but I don't like the word because it reminds me of rapist hillbillies with banjos . " 
The Netherlands are going to have math questions with same-sex couples in their schoolbooks , which is sweet . I wish OUR schoolbooks had a little more gay . :[ 
Bonnie >>>>>>> Damon . :] 
I have renamed Shiver " Twilight : Team Jacob Version . " I don't know whether to laugh or seethe . If you like Twilight , read this , except it's worse than Twilight because it has douchey poetry and a male character that describes himself as a leaky womb . WHAT IS THIS I DON'T EVEN FFFFFF 
I'm submitting eleven things to the literary magazine , simply because I don't know what they're wanting , exactly , what they're looking for . Something's gotta stick , right ? 
LOL , " Vampires Suck " only has a 6% approval rating . 
I am messed up . :/ 
100.1 fever . :[ 
So , I was only s'posed to write a paragraph . . . and now I'm pushing four pages . Hmm , maybe I should make it a loooong paragraph . Still counts , right ? 
" Maybe they're there to learn . " " What , at a school ? I thought those were just institutions to inflict pain and torture upon glassy-eyed teenagers . " 
? 
The opening of my Directed Studies book project presentation was very grabbing : " Sooo , George Carlin was this really funny comedian . Then he died of heart failure . " 
I got stuck in a bathroom stall , so I just slid out like a ninja . 
Happy birthday John Lennon ! :) 
So , I'm reading Shiver , and the relationship between the two protagonists is really , really creepy . I'm sorry , but this is insane . I'm sick of these paranormal romances where stalking and obsessively staring at somebody for days at a time , sometimes without their knowledge , constitutes as undying passion . It makes me sick . 
I'll be at our cabin in the mountains until close to when school starts , so no internet interactions for awhile due to , well , a lack of internet . I'll try to respond to any birthday wishes or other comments as soon as I return . 
" How come if a mine collapses in Chile they can survive for months , but if one collapses in America everyone is always dead ? " -Terroja Kincaid 
SNAPE KILLED DUMBLED -- oh wait , wrong movie adaptation . 
New Cradle of Filth album soon ! :D 
Nazi zombies rule . Everything else in life is meaningless . 
is worried for her injured mommy . D: 
" And the stars never rise , but I feel the bright eyes/Of the beautiful Annabel Lee ; 
And so , all the nigh t-t ide , I lie down by the side/Of my darling -- my darling -- my life and my bride , /In the sepulchre there by the sea , /In her tomb by the sounding sea . " 
Sooo , my birthday's in eight days . . . . 
Little kids are only good for two things : food and slave labor . 
Give us an environment , and we'll cause an environmental disaster . :\ 
So , for Reflections I wrote a poem about a Cambodian child prostitute throwing herself into the sea . I've been told it's too depressing to win anything . 
I like it on the dresser . 
Seventeen years ago -- from January 1st -- I was brought into the world with the trumpeting of a resounding scream of agony . Your New Years ' ain't lookin ' so happy now , izzit ? :D 
I like how in the Jaws forum on imdb there are posters complaining about how a dog may or may not have died . Can't blame a shark for wanting a little variety in his diet , eh ? 
I read the first book in The House of Night , and it was really , really bad . At first , I kind of liked the narration and the superficial nature , hoping it end up with extensive maturation and development , but the protagonist was very judgmental , and not in a Holden Caulfield way . 
" Brazilians recently elected an illiterate clown to Congress . No t-t o-be-upstaged America is planning on electing dozens in November . " 
I like bacon and tacos , for I am a Georgian cheeto . 
Choco-tacos ! :DDDD 
So , I was playing a character on The Sims 2 . Then I got bored , so I had a satellite fall on him and he died . Then I sold it for some major cash . 
Wrote poems about happiness , chewing the sun , and chasing a deer . 
??? 
Yaaaay , I have the new Ellen Hopkins book ! :D 
Principal Markham : " Hide yo ' kids , hide yo ' wife , and hide yo ' husband ' cause there'll be no teabaggin ' ' round ' ere ! " 
My eleven-year-old brother's a ho magnet , according to Mom . :/ 
on page 170 of 297 of Last Words , by George Carlin http://bit.ly/a4hXUZ 
" I can see a new beginning rise behind the sun , but we can never catch up to it as fast as we run . " 
You wear your ruins well/Please run away with me to hell 
Pan's Labyrinth : 9.999 / 10.0 
Anybody that doesn't attend the next Poetry Club meeting at Mill Creek is a RL fail troll . 
I was jealous of people with Black Ops until I heard that there aren't really Nazi zombies in it . 
Truth is . . . that's what she said . 
It's really awesome seeing somebody read your work and then go to their relatives and be like " OMG , did you read that one ? " :) 
There is nothing more tragic than a hot nun . 
had a blast yesterday ! :DDD Might go to the Poetry Club meeting tomorrow . . . should really turn in my Directed Study stuff . . . . 
Will Smith's acting career : " Aliens ? HELL NAW ! " " Robots ? HELL NAW ! " " Vampires ? HELL NAW ! " " Superpowers ? HELL NAW ! " 
Today was decidedly barfless . I take this as a good sign . 
spent a productive afternoon watching nerds play a videogame involving a slutty anime schoolgirl massacre . Also , poetry . 
Mubarak : ( yesterday ) " I will never leave Egypt ! " ( today ) " . . . " * gets on plane * 
Vampires are no longer monsters ; they are sex symbols . We will now refer to them as trampires . 
This weekend'll be the weekend of the mousetrap car . * sigh * 
My brother : " Is that you or Satan ? " 
Fallout : New Vegas ! :D 
I need ice cream . Preferably not vanilla . 
REALLY IMPORTANT QUESTION : Who would when in a fight , Cthulu or the Flying Spaghetti Monster ? I'm so conflicted . :( 
Working on yet another rather reluctant undertaking of the currently mundane vampire-human dynamic ; this is not a love story . At least we know that when writer's block ensues , we can swivel around the rut of that damnable originality with smutty vampire stories . 
Dad : " Oh wow , there's some trick-or-treaters in the cul-de-sac right now , and I gotta take a dump . " * doorbell rings * 
" A lie is just a story ruined by the truth . " 
I don't know . I feel like I can't talk to anyone without annoying or offending them . So I'm just going to shut up now . :/ 
So , we have to do a mouse trap car in Physics , and the teacher said some of us may cry . Well , let me be the first : D___ : 
Don't Ask , Don't Tell died ! :D 
is in a complicated relationship with Lady Gaga . 
I remember last year when a bunch of guys came to school with fake beards and Jesus gigs . I was sitting at a lunch table , eating breakfast , and one of them touched my shoulder and went , " May God have mercy on your soul . " I asked him for a fish sandwich . 
" It's important to have a woman who helps at home , who cooks from time to time , cleans up and has a job . It's important to have a woman who can make you laugh . It's important to have a woman who you can trust and who doesn't lie to you . It's important to have a woman who is good in bed and who likes to be with you . It's very , very important that these four women don't know each other . " 
All of our cats are fat , stupid , and useless . Except for Squeaky , ' cause she's only stupid and useless . 
Please put this as your status if you know or are related to someone killed on 
Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death Star . Our wish is that 
people will understand that the Empire is a band of murdering scum . The 
Rebel Alliance wants to bring peace to the galaxy , but the Galactic 
...... Empire continues to kill innocent civilians . 93% won't copy/paste this . 
Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
I told my brother not to take a dump while I'm in the tub , so he came in and farted a bunch of times . 
D: 
is wondering why Satan hasn't returned her calls . :( 
" Remember that time Lot's wife got turned into a pillar of salt ? Best Margarita Monday EVER ! " -Jesus M . Christ 
My father doesn't understand that if you don't put coffee grounds into the coffee maker and put water in . . . it'll make hot water AND NOT COFFEE . smh 
* sigh * Maybe this week won't be full of a variety of failsauces with flavors ranging from Abysmal to Epic . 
BUDDHA !!!!! 
Ishmael learns that playing around with another dude's wife can lead to trouble , especially if she happens to be Satan's wife . 
Necesito cafe . 
I don't wanna say anything because I'm a lover , not a hater . Actually no , I'm a hater , but I still don't wanna answer . 
* about Christine O'Donnell * " So I went to her website and checked out her platform ; there was a little link on her website called ' Why , Christine , ' and I agree : Why , Christine , WHY ? " 
is playing the new World of Warcraft expansion like a good nerd . 
There's this weird paradox I feel where I'm seen as unusual and , well , I think I'm touched in the head with a big rock , but sometimes I think I'm one of the only sane people left . 
Mom : " Emily , those cookies are for Santa . " Me : " But -- but , there are already four missing . . . " Mom : " ARE YOU SERIOUS ? " 
People should really stop talking about beating up Bieber . Violence against women is ? never funny . 
Hahaha LOL . " A British Superman ? Should've just cast Daniel Craig . The name's Bond . Super Bond . " 
How can vampires be so pretty if they don't have reflections ? How can they fix themselves and check ? 
is working on a coronary report for one of her protagonists . Poor sap . 
" My name is Emily Deibler . Die-blur . " " Who's this ? " " Umm , Emily Deebler ? " " >:( " 
likes how her hair is the curliest when she tries to straighten it . 
Ooooow . 
" Life kills ya . Death don't kill ya . Death just rides ya along easy-like . It's the next step after life does its magic first . Death cleans up . The immortal custodian , I s'pose some can say . I mean , I'm just your friendly neighborhood psychopomp . Don't want no trouble . " 
Me : Saints & Packers . Noah : Colts & Steelers . Me : 2 . Noah : 0 . 
Another finals day without a Chick-fil-A biscuit . What a fail . 
So , I was kind of excited to come back to school . Started barfing in second period , so I had to go home . Yeah , not that excited anymore . 
What should I try to submit to the literary magazine ? 
You know what I'm sick of ? Every single person saying that Edgar Allan Poe is their favorite poet , without any introspection or consideration . EVERYBODY . It's like he's a de facto answer . 
is going to write from the perspective of a dude . Again . 
My Immortal taught me several important things , but mainly that suicidal gothic non-slutty girls wear low-cut black dresses and that you can only kill vampires by wielding a steak . 
" So there's great unrest and turmoil in -- OMG HEY GUYS THE NEW SUPERMAN ACTOR HAS BEEN REVEALED OMG OMG AND HE'S BRITISH AND HE WAS IN THE TUDORS AND DID I MENTION THAT HE'S BRITISH OMG OMG OMG . " 
Current story's 50 pages , just about . This draft probably won't exceed 60 , although I had to give it two more chapters to balance the formatting . 
Spaghetti doesn't like me . I think it's the Flying Spaghetti Monster wreaking vengeance on my intestines . @__@ 
35 pages . :) 
Gonna wear a dress tomorrow . Pants suck . Have an award ceremony after nerd club . Not gonna put " I " in front of any of these fragments . 
" She isn't Miss Texas anymore because she gained weight ? I thought everything ? was bigger in Texas . " 
This is my deepest and darkest secret : Nothing terrifies me more than white women dancing . 
Ricky Gervais is awesome . 
But it's BUDDHA ! D:< 
I've decided to become celibate for various , secular reasons . 
" In a society that has abolished all adventure the only adventure left ? is to abolish that society . " 
Monkey Socks is pretty much done , except it isn't . I've pretty much completed everything except for putting more details in to flesh out the setting , but finishing details are a pain so I'mma just sit back and hope it finishes itself . 
" You come to love not by finding the perfect person , but by seeing an imperfect person perfectly . " ? Today feels great and it feels earlier than it actually is . 
I don't mind you keepin ' me on pins and needles 
If I could stick to you 
You could stick me in two 
Just don't break my heart 
And I won't break your heart-shaped glasses 
Little girl , you should close your eyes 
That blue is gettin ' me high 
Makin ' me low 
And so , all the nigh t-t ide , I lie down by the side 
Of my darling—my darling—my life and my bride , 
In the sepulchre there by the sea , 
In her tomb by the sounding sea . 
Feels pretty . :) I think I'm gonna go with it . 
I love bathroom graffiti . 
Fail troll logic is fail . And trollin ' . 
Nowadays , it seems like everybody is an author . " Oh yeah , by the way , I wrote a book about it . It was on the New York Times bestsellers list for twenty-two weeks . " 
Our tyrant speaks on the radio , never once repenting his sins , 
And we cannot tell where the lies end and when the white noise begins— 
But now we have the air , and now we know 
That we won’t leave these streets as the sun washes over Cairo . 
" Cops close Girl Scout cookie stand : Troop leader said girls feared arrest for cookie peddling after police officer asked to see their permit . " :/ YES , THE REAL DRUGS ARE IN THE COOKIES . 
I used to feel sad because nobody sits beside me at lunch or invites me over to their house to have fun , but now after having a girl try to peddle off my virginity to boys she knows and offering to take me to a clinic just in case they have an STD , I've just decided that I hate people too much to care anymore . :/ 
" I see in the near future a crisis approaching that unnerves me and causes me to tremble for the safety of my country ; corporations have been enthroned and an era of corruption in high places will follow , and the money power of the country will endeavor to prolong its reign by ? working upon the prejudices of the people until all wealth is aggregated in a few hands and the Republic is destroyed . " -- Abe Lincoln 
Sometimes I lose all hope in humanity , but there's always this to make things look up : The universe will collapse in thousands of years , thus making all accomplishments of any and all life forms irrelevant . Now I think I can wake up in the mornings and sing a little . 
I have the most amazing boyfriend and girlfriend . They're my bodyguards , but they also serve as great accessories or lawn decorations . They're really quite incredible , and they come in eight wonderful colors and twenty-four amazing sizes , depending on my mood . 
I'm high when I'm flip and I'm flip when I'm high . GOOD DAY . 
My brother got owned by a chair . 
I was told that I would make a great mother . Yeah , if you're not my kid . 
I like making the children cry . 
A teenage girl killed her parents and ate her little brother . So much love , especially for the last part . <3 
" Dude , give peace a chance . " " THIS GAME IS SET IN WORLD WAR II EMILY ! " " Well , if you're a French soldier there should be a white flag in your equipment somewhere . " 
Got to listen to two politicians talk . They're right : Local governments aren't glamorous or entertaining . I mean , there was no crying or Sarah Palin . 
Libraries are awesome : Go in for one book , come out with two completely different books . Also , I got my artwork back from the last Reflections contest ( my profile pic ) . 
OH MY GOD I PASSED SOMETHING IN PHYSICS OH MY GOD OH MY GOD HGHYTGJHFGHFHHFTGVJMNTHFGBRFTGHVBRTFGHVBRTFGHB ! 
My cousins jumped the border just to chill with me . :D 
Today was horrible . Then Aunt Marcie came over . I'm still waiting for good stuff to happen . 
I'M PASSING PHYSICS . 71.5 . THIS IS THE HAPPIEST DAY OF MY LIFE EVER ! :DDD 
I'm writing a new story . I'm calling it Something because I can't think of something witty . Yes , that was intentionally redundant . 
I hate it when I get in the writing mood . That inspiration mode . I sit down , open Wordpad , and I my creative juices go , " Hmmmm . . . hrmf ? " 
Rainy Saturdays are great . 
White women busting a move is proven to increase the chances of the apocalypse by seventy-four percent . In the words of FSM : " Dude , that's not cool . " * dances * 
Okay , new story . Same bull , different victim . 
I don't know why , but it seems like the more I understand people , the less I do . 
So , I was doing this story about a girl who runs away , but I didn't know where to have her run away to . I wanted her to be independent and not have this oh-she-falls-in-love-with-her-godfather kinda deal . So yeah , lots of complications . I've decided I like these complications . I'm always trying to downplay those because it's easier . I think I'll stop . 
So , I saw Lady Gaga's newest music video . . . WTF . 
A loved one laid his head on her lap/red roses fell to the floor/and the world stood still/My mouth was a crib and it was growing lies/I didn't know what love was on that day/my heart's a tiny bloodclot/I picked at it/it never heals ; it never goes away . 
The only time a politician says the truth is when he calls another ? politician a liar . 
I was wanting to do something about somebody who lived forever , but that requires historical research . :S Also , I don't know the zeitgeists of various periods . 
One day a young man ? on acid realized that all matter is merely energy condensed to a slow vibration , that we are all one consciousness experiencing itself subjectively . There is no such thing as death life is only a dream and we are the imagination of ourselves . 
Collaborating on a story with Rashawn Jacobs . I'm very excited . :3 
I hate it when people ask me about " what do I write . " Then I either say " stories " and they go " OH WOW NO WAY " or I say " messed up stuff " and they want to know all of the little details . : B 
" Did you know there is a sequel to Clint Eastwood's Unforgiven ? It's called " Look , I said I'm sorry ! " 
A New Hampshire Republican says we should send all of the mentally ill to Siberia as we cut spending for their treatments in America . This isn't fair , because then over in Russia they'll start shooting moose and running for political office . 
I was told to write something happy 
Something too maudlin or too sappy 
But , alas , everyone died 
There was not a soul left who cried 
And the house prices ain't lookin ' too snappy 
I hate being in a writing mood without knowing what to write . :/ 
Rewriting something . I liked the story , hated the writing , but now that I've completely scrapped the old stuff , I think I might love it one day . We'll see . :/ 
I have a magical boyfriend named Hewlicks and a magical girlfriend named Mo , but they only like me because they like to ride my robot circus elephant , Alfonso . He was made by a man named Joseph Cohen , a Jew-turned-Buddhist whose wife , Ruth , is a dragonfly . <3 
My aunt's opinion of my writing : " It's weird , but good . " <3 
Hey , I might be totally lame for saying this , but two years later and this still makes me laugh . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dompotjTeIA 
I wrote an essay about how girls are more annoying than boys . For some reason , this was not well-received by female readers for the exact things I complained about . " How could you be so mean ? Don't you know how hard it is to be a girl ? " " OH GEE NO . " 
Pirates are disappointed when they discover that Booty Appreciation Day isn't what they thought . 
7/8 of all teenage girls are named Emily . I need to be called something that doesn't make half of the class population turn their heads . I'm thinkin ' Quetzalcoatl . Any suggestions ? 
My story is getting happier . In the first rough draft , the girl mutilated her genitals and murdered her brother , but now I'm just gonna have her mutilate her genitals . I'm sure her brother appreciates it . 
" She's a walking facepalm . " 
I wish I had somebody to buy me crappy assorted chocolates . :( 
UNF UNF . : B 
" hello friend " <3 
Seventeen-year-old Maggie Flemming inspects a paper plate her older brother left in the sink . Dried mustard is crusted in one corner and hazy water dribbles off of the sides . 
" And we ought to consider the nuclear option , yuh'know ? " -President Palin 
So , I finished Huck Finn . It inspired me to do a novel about a runaway chick and a vampire hobo . 
Beeyatches be doubtin ' my divinity . Beeyatches better recognize . 
She was divinity's creature 
That kissed in cold mirrors 
A Queen of Snos 
Far beyond compare 
Lips attuned to symmetry 
Sought Her everywhere 
Dark liqoured eyes 
An Arabian nightmare 
She shone on watercolours 
Of my pondlife as pearl 
Until those who couldn't have Her 
Cut Her free of this World 
You should focus on arranging a meeting between your two brain cells . 
I found a tennis ball in the street . I saved him and named him Mr. Bouncy . Baby's got bounce . 
I haven't worn pants in three weeks . 
There are apallingly few people interested in cannibalism these days . 
When I say that my story is about a runaway chick and a vampire hobo , two guys have gone " So , what ? It's about a vampire chasing a chicken ? Why's that ? " 
" If you watch Lord of the Rings backward , it's about a cool little dude who finds a ring and then goes home . " -Connor Hall 
“Sit down and put down everything that comes into your head and then you’re a writer . But an author is one who can judge his own stuff’s worth , without pity , and destroy most of it . ”–Colette 
I'm in the writing mood . I want to write something great , but now I don't really want to flesh anything out . So I'm just going to jump around from document to document and call it progress . 
That's IT . Monkey Socks is gonna get finished whether it wants to or not . 
My brother says I should write something happy . Okay , any other ideas ? 
Zombieland > Shaun of the Dead 
" In Paul , there are twenty-four stereotypical references to Americans , hillbillies , Christians , Native Americans , Darwin and the Theory of Evolution , science fiction fans and writers , the English , French girls , FBI agents and police officers , Republicans , gays , lesbians , trailer park women , women in command positions , extraterrestrials and UFOs , Japanese healers , and dwarves . " <3 
Blueberry . 
The Westboro Baptist Church is going to protest Elizabeth Taylor's funeral . Color me unsurprised . 
I'm working on my happiest piece yet . It's about a girl seeing her pregnant mom getting road-waffled when she has an unforturnate mingling with a big truck . 
I'm writing a book called " Big-Boned and Ugly . " It reminds me of you . 
I love Friday nights . Not because I have a life or anything , but because they're Monk+Psych nights . :) 
My biggest fears : escalators and vultures . 
Plot outlining . Bleh , one of my many weaknesses . 
I don't have writer's block so much as writer's runs , where there's so many ideas that it's just a mess . 
A friend says that songs about how good you have it are bad , yet songs about how bad you have it are good , and that having rape and dark stuff in a story is only good if it's symbolic and not gratuitous or just there because that's sometimes just how life is . These are some things we disagree about . 
The conglomerates won , the hippies lost , and we are part of a machine . On that note , I like soup . 
I see people with the Books sections of their profiles saying " Books suck " or " I don't read . " I don't understand , but that's fine . MKINYK . 
It is the hallowed hour of Buffy . 
Christopher Hitchens cancelled two public debates due to " health concerns . " Sucks that he has to go through what he has . :( 
Philosophical discussions , yay . Would be better with bacon . Oh well . I was going to finish the Ellen Hopkins thing about the twins . I started it seven months ago and I only have seventeen pages left . Tricks was my favorite . Impulse was great except for my favorite character dying and a gay guy going straight . Derp . : F 
I hope tomorrow is better . 
A guy stole my snack bar and another guy took a flower I had and threw it in the trash . Fail week is fail . 
Watching Black Swan . :) 
Going away for a week . :) 
Bacon cologne . 
It is frightening when a stunningly mundane presidential candidate attempts to be , ahem , " down with the kids . " 
I met a man , bittersweet , 
Whose charms were less discreet 
Than his fire , his bright-eyed thrusts 
Of good-willed hatred , sickened by human lusts ; 
But by the time I found him , he was years ahead— 
A heart failed and his mind dead . 
The test of true love rests within being with somebody and not flinching when they flatulate or expectorate . 
Georgie in " It " is retarded . When a creepy , Tim Curry clown tells you he's having a party in the sewers , WALK THE OTHER WAY . JESUS . 
All writers are vain , selfish and lazy , and at the very bottom of their motives lies a mystery . Writing a book is a long , exhausting struggle , like a long bout of some painful illness . One would never undertake such a thing if one were not driven by some demon whom one can neither resist nor understand . —George Orwell 
Tomorrow is my friend Rashawn Jacobs ' birthday . The day after that is Day of Silence . LET'S DO THIS . : B 
" People love you when they think you won't be around for very long , and people hate you when they can't get rid of you . " 
I've had my writing stuff compared to Poe's and Dickinson's works . I don't want to sound vain or anything , but I don't really want that praise . I'm grateful ( though I'm not a huge fan of either of them--Poe's good , and Dickinson's okay ) , but I want my stuff to be Emily Deibler-esque , not " Oh , this is like [ insert famous person] ! " or " You're gonna be the next [ insert famous person] ! " Does that make sense ? 
So , finished two things for two separate writing contests today in a matter of hours . Pretty good considering one of them was a month-long thing . 
I like how when I say a story's about a runaway chick ( girl ) and a vampire hobo , then people ask me why a vampire would want to chase a chicken . 
Adolf Hitler's birthday , anniversary of the Columbine High School Massacre , anniversary of the BP oil spill , anniversary of the Bay of Pigs Invasion failure , the Johnson Space Center Shooting anniversary . . . good times , good times . Happy April 20th ! 
Cheetah babies are cute . Too bad I could probably be their breakfast . 
There is no way to convince me that A Separate Peace isn't gay literature . You do not look at a dude and mention his " healthy , determined , not over-exaggerated but definite and substantial buttocks " ( 79 ) as another dude and not have something getting turned on . The friendship/crush aspect with Finny may be argued , but Gene liked dudes , even if he wasn't gay for Finny ( which he totally was ) . 
Needs to reread A Series of Unfortunate Events . <3 . . . after reading the fifteen-thousand other books I'm supposed to read . 
I've been told that the names for my characters aren't " meaningful " enough . I'm open to criticism , but is that really a big deal when it comes to characters ? In fact , special names like " Bella " and " Everbloom " detract from my opinion on characters because it's so in-you-face " I'm a special snowflake ! " Besides , we don't choose our names , so a dark person can't tell their parents not to name them Bubbles . 
" So , this is my happiest poem yet ! " " Oh , cool . " " It's about a girl who kills herself ! " " Oh , yeah , great . " 
Vampire hobo , child molester , angry and deteriorating soldier . If my characters are my closest mental allies , then I don't keep good company . :p 
" I realize we can inspire each other --" * skips Youtube ad * " To the young residents of Georgia , excercise is a great way to --" * skips Youtube ad * 
Y'know , I could write about how love sucks , 
And how I then devoted my life to fishing and pick-up trucks ; 
I could sing about how love prevails , 
Which is why , of course , we just shrug when a marriage fails ; 
I could write about freedom and life , 
But the idealism is trumped by too much strife ; 
I suppose I could make this meaningful , longer , like a Southern summer , 
But I'm out of ideas , what a bummer . 
HEY EMILY . HEY YOU , YEAH , THE PALE ONE WITH THAT VOICE . YOU . YOU KNOW HOW YOU SWEAR TO COMPLETE ONE STORY , END UP WORKING ON FIVE , GIVE UP ON ALL OF THEM , AND THEN START ON ONE YOU MADE THREE MONTHS AGO ? YEAH , THAT NEEDS TO STOP . 
Monk is my man . Sure , he's thirty-three years older than me , but should that stop true OCD compassion ? 
Hoppy Easter . I got a fluffy huggy bunny and chocolates . :) 
I was told by a friend that satire is the worst genre ever . So , I'm thinking about writing a satire ! Ideas ? I'm thinking . . . high school politics that eventually end in a bloody revolution , where a doomed romance is akin to a war of the gods . 
I'm glad I didn't plan on watching the royal wedding because four of my teachers decided to show reruns of it for us . : I 
Did a large part of my homework . Started reading a HP fanfic . First thing the author did was kill Neville . It was kind of a punch in the gut , but then I LOL'd . 
Currently writing a story with another dude through e-mail chat . Actually really fun . :) 
Guess this means Where's Waldo jokes about Osama aren't legit anymore . :| 
Haha , some of my friends are haters . :/ One told me I need a lobotomy because I'm too messed up for his liking and the other said everything I write sucks when he thinks " ire " has the same meaning as " hire . " LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL . 
" I mourn the loss of thousands of precious lives , but I will not rejoice in the death of one , not even an enemy . Returning hate for hate multiplies hate , adding deeper darkness to a night already devoid of stars . Darkness cannot drive out darkness : only light can do that . Hate cannot drive out hate : only love can do that . " - Martin Luther King , Jr 
So sad . A friend of mine thinks Israel has no technology and is primitive in advancements when it in fact has a very large science and tech sector , and he said , " I wish I was born in the early 1900's because then I'd get to know Ben Franklin , and they didn't even have electricity ! " :\ 
Schadenfreude . Cool word of the day . 
Not wearing pants is a beautiful thing . 
I was told that I should not respect Henry David Thoreau because he died a virgin . Well , so did Isaac Newton , and he created his own freakin ' math while disovering a scientific law . So did Joan of Arc , but she's a woman so apparently that doesn't count or anything because it's okay when a woman dies a virgin ( as long as she dies young or something as to make her " purity " more tragic ) . 
I love my mommy . :) 
I wrote my mom a poem . Noah wrote her a poem . SOMEBODY is unoriginal here . 
My brother wants to do a project early . As in not procrastinating . I don't understand . Why would you deny yourself the sweet satisfaction of making something with as less time available as possible ? 
Pippa Middleton and and Prince Harry are getting porn offers . xD LOL , just shows how the porn industry is the paradigm of advertising and publicity-earning . 
I had a dream that I was a rockstar who got on a bus , ended up in Mill Creek , and asked for directions but nobody noticed me because I turned invisible . 
AP stuff is done , Directed Study project is done , procrastinating the annotated bibliography and forgetting about everything else . LET'S DO THIS . 
Being alive emboldens serial killers . We're all a ? bunch of hypocrites . 
So . . . I listened to " Friday " for the first time . Yeah , it sucks , but the auto-tuned , robotic voice wasn't as painful as I thought it would be . Also , I quite enjoyed the epic inner struggle of which seat she should sit in . So yeah , funny . 
" Mike Huckabee Not Running For President in 2012 . " Called it . 
E-mailing somebody , and he starts saying my language in the e-mail isn't poetic enough . WE ARE HAVING A CONVERSATION , NOT A POETRY SLAM . THANKS . 
Psych marathoooon ! :DD 
You are dynamite . 
I like it when a game doesn't believe it when I do so well , so it freezes up in shock . 
" This is the United States . This is the land of the free . If people want the immigration laws to keep passing , then everybody should get out and leave the American Indians here . " -Carlos Santana 
Black Swan had a beautiful lesbian scene . Oh yeah , and the movie was great too . 
LITERARY MAGAZIIIIIIIIINE . 
I wish God would've waited until a few days after the new Lady Gaga album comes out , instead of two days before . Screwed again . :/ 
Noah came to me and said , " Well , nice knowin ' ya " and he has a lid as his shield and a toilet brush as his sword . EW GRODY . 
Dad insists that I pour half a pot of coffee out because it's not super-fresh , which makes me feel guilty so I pour what's left into cups and stuff it down my gullet . And now I feel sick . :| 
Welcome to two seconds ago . 
You are all superstars ! :D 
Nothing but love , but if your nickname is " Pierced Weiner , " then you have done something wrong . Which is awesome . 
I'm writing a romance between Jesus Christ and Lilith . I've been told it's blasphemy , but it's really just character introspection on the guy beyond the martyrdom and idolatry and the big theme is forgiveness . 
Pretty underwhelmed . Been a day and I haven't seen my dead fish Sam yet . 
The literary magazine is great . :) 
OH MY GOD NEW MARILYN MANSON SONG OMG . 
RIP Squeaky . : __( 
Something Borrowed was hella lame . :/ 
( " Physical " ) Rapture : 10/21/11--LET'S DO THIS . Haha . 
" GOP Refuses To Give Relief Money To Tornado Victims . " Congress : " Sorry , we can't help you ; we just gave 3 billion to the state of Israel , which has public healthcare by the way . Oh , but for you Americans it's socialism , unless you're a rich benefactor . " :| 
So , a friend of mine told me that all good writers prefer reading to writing . I do not comprehend this logic . I like creating . 
Spent my two-hour ACT writing . <3 
I'll stop making statuses for tonight now , but I keep a folder of my writing stuff , and I think I've improved from last summer . In summer I was like " This looks good " and now I say " Wow , that stuff kinda sucked , now THIS is pretty sweet . " 
NOT a Junior . 
Lady Gaga , Beyonce , Carrie Underwood , Steven Tyler . One of these is not like the others . 
A few months ago a dude told me he was Julius Caesar in a past life . Last night I had a dream that he was Caesar in a play . :o 
NOT EVERYTHING MONSTERS DO IS A SEX METAPHOR . CARNAGE =/ = SEX . kthx 
" Give me a dozen such heartbreaks , if that would help me lose a couple of pounds . " 
I wish people wouldn't sacrifice readability for sounding haughty and smart . I'm not saying remove all remnants of complex thought , but write as yourself , not what you think will impress others . I mean , I can use big words , but I don't extensively utilize an elevated syntax and remove colloquialisms to sound like a freakin ' guru . 
I'm conflicted . I don't label my stuff with genres , and I'm having problems with one story -- defining what its " niche " is . I wouldn't care , but I was researching publishing and it's important to have a concise description and target audience . So , no romance , no action , adult-oriented , a tragedy except the end isn't tragic . Doesn't have post-modernism , much . Realistic with romantics waxing poetry . Not satirical . Hmm . 
" We catch the problems before , 
" Therefore , 
" Our duty is to warn . " 
I prefer bleak skies with lightning in the distance . 
Saw Bridesmaids with Marcie Thomas Vadner . It was great . :) 
So , I'm fifty pages into something I'm writing , WHICH IS BAD . Fifty is my weakness . : 0 
“I was sent here by something beyond your comprehension . I was told this house will never crumble , as long as I never leave . ” 
Rock it , girl . Yeah , I dunno where that came from . 
I was asked if almost drowning induces euphoria before you come to the surface . NO . FREAKIN ' DROWNING INDUCES THE NOT-EUPHORIC FEELING OF OH-GOD-I'M-GONNA-DIE . 
Going to the cabin . :) 
o.o Picasso's real name was Pablo Diego José Francisco de Paula Juan Nepomuceno María de los Remedios Cipriano de la Santísima Trinidad Ruiz y Picasso . 
A village girl peers into the bamboo forest 
Waiting , and a flash of orange disrupts the quiet 
Of this bamboo forest 
A feline with opal eyes gazes at the young woman 
It tells her to stand still 
Or it tells her to run 
Like peering at an earthbound god , she stares in reverence 
At this divine beast 
Rain patters onto her hair in the dreary afternoon 
On this village girl in the bamboo forest 
" L’esprit de escalier : ( French ) The feeling you get after leaving a conversation , when you think of all the things you should have said . Translated it means ' the spirit of the staircase . '" 
Watching Hellraiser . :) 
LMAO , America is dead when things prominent people do can no longer be satirized . 
I cannot watch network news anymore . It is all horrible . Shills . 
" Oh , THAT'S not art . It doesn't have enough MEANING . " I used to think like this , but you know what ? SHUT UP . " Oh < insert subject > isn't art , so therefore it isn't relevant to my refined tastes ! " Yeah , well being a pretentious douchebag isn't artsy , so stop . kthx . 
One for the breading , one for the unsung , one full of light , one full of rabbit dung . 
LOL @ " The Skin I Live In . " 
Bachmann is running for president nooooooooooooooo . 
I worded my previous status incorrectly , sorry . Prop 8 ruling was upheld , but people are trying to appeal because the judge was gay and declared unable to be objective since he had something to gain , and people are trying to get the judge to lose his job , but his decision is still being upheld despite harsh opposition . 
I wouldn't want to be remembered for how I died ; I would want to be remembered for how I lived . 
LOL I am so uninspired . My new stories are called Story and Another Story . 
The Internet : Where ? the men are men , the women are men , and the kids are the FBI . 
" Many fathers will kill their own daughters if they find out they have been raped . It is killing done with love . They believe they are saving the girl . " This is in a news story about Libya . 
Gaga's newest music video is so . . . normal . Where are the unicorns ? The Illuminati not-really-symbolism ? The gay orgy ? DENIED . 
The concert was great , except for the part at the end where my cousin tried to kill me . :/ 
Clarence Clemons died yesterday . :( For those who aren't familiar , he was in a band with Bruce Springsteen , and he was in Gaga's " Edge of Glory " video as the sax player . 
Money is power and influence . 
I love horror movies . 
" Emotions are the enemy of Intellect . I noticed that people who gamble on emotion reasons tend to lose , while people who gamble on intellectual reasons tend to win . Sometimes the emotional reasons can win because of luck . The future is always random and unpredictable because of the workings of our universe . " WRONG . YOU LOSE . :| 
To me , art is good if it has emotion , defiance , or both . If it doesn't , it feels flat to me , but it's still art . 
My stories are less like coherent masterpieces and more like incomprehensible junkyards . 
The AARP is for raising retirement and cutting Social Security . It's over , folks . 
Morning Star is a name for Christ and Lucifer . 
GRAAAAH ! NO ! NO ! Okay , I'm good . 
So , I got chewed out for wanting to write for money alongside personal enjoyment . WELL , EXCUSE ME for not wanting to try and convince store clerks that air is an acceptable currency nowadays . I do something I like , I try to market it to support myself , and I'm a sell-out . Give me a break . 
I don't write philosophically enough ? Y'know what ? GRAHBLARGHNARFGHLE . 
“I haven’t any right to criticize books , and I don’t do it except when I hate them . I often want to criticize Jane Austen , but her books madden me so that I can’t conceal my frenzy from the reader ; and therefore I have to stop every time I begin . Every time I read ‘Pride and Prejudice , ’ I want to dig her up and hit her over the skull with her own shin-bone . " -Mark Twain . OH SNAP . 
Wearing pants is a bad feeling . 
New York legalized gay marriage . 
I HAVE AVENGED MY TUMBLR . 
What do you call an omelet with ham ? HAMLET . Oh my god , I came up with that myself ! :D /horribly lame joke 
I remember when The Simpsons was super controversial . " DO NOT WATCH THE SIMPSONS . " Now we're like , oh hey , Family Guy and South Park . . . . 
I put the " eh " in " apathy . " 
Oh God . . . 
" In America man , nobody can make you think . " Ha . xD 
I saw Troll and Troll 2 . Nothing to say , really . 
:o ! 
:_( 
Great news ! I finished a short story ! :DDD Bad news ! I can't print it out or e-mail it or get on the Internet on the computer it's on , so I can't share it ! DDD: 
My friend keeps asking me what format he should do for his writings . How can I possibly know ? I wish I had the answers , something to take away his frustrations , but that's not in my control , y'know ? There's no one solution , and that's his battle , right ? 
At my grandparents ' . :) 
That awkward moment when you're watching Buffy the Vampire Slayer with your grandmother and commercials about phone sex and aphrodisiacs come on . . . . 
About three-hundred women in South Carolinna have been arrested because they had miscarriages or still-born babies . Screw you , world . 
" Casey Anthony was found not guilty of murdering her daughter , as the American public stands by in shock and awe . In other news , millions of sick and dying American children and adults still don’t have healthcare , to the shock and awe of absolutely nobody . " —Jon Stewart 
“To hear Ron Paul , a highly paid government official , say that the government is wasting money is like hearing Snoop Dog say he’s tired of rappers smoking pot . The man has been in government drawing an ever increasing salary for 35 years longer than 45% of Americans have been alive -- face it , the guy talks a big game but he has never , nor will he ever deliver . ” —Nancy Pelosi actually saying something intelligent 
Why do cats like to lick armpits ? :o 
America doesn't suck . It's just a string of synthetic concepts . Americans suck . People suck . And unfortunately , if you go to another country it's probably populated by people , and therefore sucks . 
Je ne veux pas mourir tout seule 
There's going to be a Battleship movie . Seriously , Hollywood , how bored are you ? 
MOVIE TIME ! :DDD 
" I remember when I lost my mind . There was something so pleasant about that place . Even your emotions have an ? echo in so much space . " 
They don't have ice cream at the tanning salon , Dad . 
My mommy picks all of the cherries off of everyone else's ice cream just for me . :) 
Why am I not allowed to applaud when Snape dies ? I'm sure he won't mind , seeing as he's too busy getting owned by a giant snake . :DDDDD 
Lost a Facebook friend , though I honestly have no idea who it was , so hey , goodbye and good luck to whoever . Guess we didn't talk a lot , heh . 
* previous status * Resolved ! 
The only act of terrorism Michael Bay ever ? committed was picking up a camera . 
SMH . That is all . 
" I've been writing all day , and all evening for days . My neck and shoulders have started to ache . I'm sure many of you have been through this -- when you hit the physical side of writing , and the need for stamina . But it's the most delicious time , really , when a novel is just rolling and rolling ... " -Anne Rice 
I think long hair looks better ( no offense meant , I'm talking mostly about my own personal looks ) , but it's annoying when you don't want it on your face and it keeps falling there . :/ Plus , worth mentioning , it's difficult to manage . /groundbreaking status 
Why must we live in a world where chickens cannot cross the road without having their motives questioned ? 
Oh God , my best friend is alive . Thank goodness . xo 
Harry Potter bash with my lovely Aunt Marcie . :) We're gonna watch the old movies together . 
All of the boring and predictable people are going to the midnight showing of HP , but my aunt and I are super-cool hipsters and we're watching it at THREE AM , so BAM ! ( yeah , couldn't get midnight tickets . . . ) 
Our new kitty is named Satan . She's not very nice . 
I AM SO HAPPY . There's this idea I had in seventh grade , and I've torn up every draft for it over the past four years , but I sat down this past week and churned out 115 pages ! :D 
" You have your mother's eyes . " LOLOLOLOLOL , thank goodness . I thought for a second there that he wouldn't die . 
Lost another friend . LOL , they're dropping like flies ! 
The Amazing Atheist followed me on tumblr . :D 
Your swag is misplaced . 
I tumblr like I drink coffee . Kind of unhealthy , but it's so good . 
My brother fails in the art of coffee-making . 
" Lily , go upstairs ! " * dog goes upstairs * " That . . . is beautiful . " 
Neil Gaiman . ? ? 
Shiver was a great book when I thought it was about a girl struggling with rampant bestiality desires and lusting for a wolf , and then I learned the target of obsession was a werewolf and therefore a human , and then I was like FAIL . 
RIP LA Banks . You were one of the few non-sucky YA authors left . :( 
It was the worst of times , it was the stupidest of times , it was the age of propaganda , of idiocy , of manipulation , of elitism , of darkness and despair , of freedom and enslavement , of false flags and smokescreens . 
Time to watch A Very Potter Sequel ! :D 
Only year without 4A lunch . 
" Jimmy ' The Rent is Too Damn High ' McMillan has been evicted because his rent was too low . " Classic . 
" Socialism never took root in America because the poor see themselves not as an exploited proletariat ? but as temporarily embarrassed millionaires . " -John Steinbeck 
Love the person , not the ideal . 
Signed up for AP Psych , but instead got put in CP . I guess that works out fine , though . 
I'll be at school on Get Naked Day . Well , this is awkward . 
My best friend told me that I write like Ayn Rand . WTF . . . 
KICK IIIIIIIIIIIIIIT . 
I'm very impressed with you , Senior year . Two days and you've already reduced me to a blubbering pile . 
What a fail . 
I read Beauty Queens by Libba Bray . It sucked . It pains me to put " sucked " and " Libba Bray " in the same status . 
Rick Perry . . . THAT'S IT TEXAS . I GET IT . YOU HATE ME . PLEASE STOP NOW . 
" I don't even have enough energy left to feign surprise or espouse moral indignance at this bucket of fail . " 
Oh , my little brother . smh . 
That awkward moment when something awkward happens and I must comment that it was awkward . 
" Well , that proves disastrous for your future . " THANKS FOR THE SUPPORT . :/ 
' Pure ? What does it mean ? 
The tongues of hell 
are dull , dull as the triple 
tongues of dull , fat Cerebus 
who wheezes at the gate . Incapable 
of licking clean 
the aguey tendon , the sin , the sin . ' – Sylvia Plath , FEVER 103 
" Is it good ? " " Well , it's not as bad as eating cardboard with crap on it . " " Thanks , Emily . " " Hey , it was a compliment ! " " But it tastes like pizza , right ? " " Maybe in some countries . " 
That sad feeling when you're really into a good book , it's become your entire weekend , and you realize that there's only fifty pages left . :( 
" I'm on my deathcouch ! " 
" Pan's Labyrinth was so boring . The only good part was when that guy got shot in the face . " YOU KNOW WHAT , JUST DON'T LOOK AT ME . * crosses arms * 
* watching an educational video in class , the video mentions King's Cross Station , some guy yells amidst the silence , " Oh my God , Harry Potter ! " * 
CAT ON MY BACK CLAWS OW OW 
" Imagination is just a poor substitute for creativity . " Wait , what ? I don't understand . . . 
" So I've been really sad lately . " " Wow Emily , your writing really sucks . You should start reading Dickinson and stop reading Poe and Stephen King so you stop writing crap like this . " " Thanks . . . I didn't need any self-confidence today . . . " 
Lost yet another friend . I'm tired of this drama . :/ You know what , you guys win . 
A teacher asked me where I was going to college and when I said " I don't know " she had to stifle her laughter . LOL ? 
" So Emily , do you want to be in Academic Decathlon again ? " " HAHAHAHA ! " " No , seriously . " " Oh . " 
" I don't understand why guys don't date me and instead choose sluts ! " Erm , maybe because you think you're so special and that any other woman is beneath you and " not as good for him ? " 
Jane Eyre ! :D 
September 13th = new Ellen Hopkins book . 
Me : " She's Italian . " Girl : " That's cool and all , but she's speaking Mexican . " Me : >__> 
" The one serious conviction that a man should have is that nothing is to be taken too seriously . " -- Samuel Butler 
Our kitten is so bad that her mom ran in front of a car to get away from her . 
My AP teachers are trying to kill me . 
I wish the wall would stop taking me to the top of the page while I'm trying to scroll down . . . 
" I'm disappointed . " 
" What is it this time , Emily ? " 
" That sticker says ' Have stripes ? ' I thought it said ' Have strippers ? ' Now I'm sad . " 
" . . . smh . " 
Our cats are named Sparx , Scout , Satan , and Momo . One has a slightly worse reputation than the others . 
I bead my hair with his tears 
Perhaps I'll put them in the stew 
Stumble Upon is awesome . 
" When I write , I fall into the zone many writers , painters , musicians , athletes , and craftsmen of all sorts seem to share : In doing something I enjoy and am expert at , deliberate thoughts fall aside and it is all just there . I think of the next word no more than the composer thinks of the next note . " -- Roger Ebert 
It sucks when you write something dirty and that's the moment your mom decides to read your stuff . She then screams , " EMILY ! " And I die laughing . 
63,000 more words to go . LET'S DO THIS . 
Well , I hope I didn't have any homework this weekend . 
" If you're going to do something all your life , make sure you like it . " -- Tony Bennett 
" The Twilight Saga : Breaking Dawn , commonly referred to as Breaking Dawn , is an upcoming two-part romantic-fantasy film . . . " FFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU 
NO MORE REBLOGGING . WRITE , DARN YOU . 
My care-o-meter has been shot . 
Cafeteria : * loud * Principal on speakers : To all of you that have been sending messages that school has been dismissed . . . . Cafeteria : * silence * Principal : This in incorre -- Cafeteria : BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ! 
Finally got to access my WoW account after some hacker spent a month going all over the world with my character and dancing naked and getting me in trouble . >:[ . 
