thanks to all for the birthday wishes ! 
saw wild horses in the desert today . It was rad . 
rainbow . 
is grimly determined . If Stanley Ann Dunham could do it than so can I . 
wants to move to Philly . 
thinks that anyone who hasn't read Walking With the Great Apes , really should . 
Do mentally healthy people dream in SAS code ? 
just watched Simone take 10 steps unaided ! 
rooting for my Aunt Chay to have a speedy recovery 
Simone decided to celebrate New Year's Eve by jumping backwards off a recliner and landing on a tambourine . 
Dairyland get out of my head ! 
Happy Birthday Simone !!! 
is back in the game . 
Just 11 days shy of her first birthday Simone spaketh her first curse word . Defintely my daughter . But I didn't teach it to her . 
just made an amazing discovery 
Best comment from committee member : " While your conclusion is true to your findings and ambiguities and caveats , I'd like to see you infuse a bit more excitement for what you did . I know this can be hard , but hell you evaded the FARC to collect this data . " 
is glad she reproduced 
Last night , while out to dinner with my parents , Simone stood up in her high chair , turned around , and sat in her plate of vodka rigatoni . 
thundersnow . really ? 
did i really just submit a graduate school application ? 
the rabbit hole is deep 
Siobhan is coming ! 
turns 25 years old today 
You know you're a mom when a random stranger approaches you in the supermarket and offers to remove the lollipop from your hair 
New best comment from committee member : " We are now ready to plan your defense . " 
had an amazing time in burque 
is beginning to think a snow blower might be a worthwhile investment . or maybe a one-way ticket to Hawaii . 
found a really cheap ticket to burque and could not resist . 
SAS can rot in hell 
geography is cruel 
why does everyone in New Jersey think that Mexico and New Mexico are the same place ? 
is excited to go see Rocky Horror with Steve and Lisa again . Last time we did this together was 17 years ago ! 
back to the classroom tomorrow ! 
Could someone in New Mexico explain to me what is going on ? 
dislikes icy wind and will not be taking any more walks across campus today for any reason . 
saw John Edwards at the Charlotte Motor Speedway 
The countdown begins . In 28 days , i will have my life back . 
doesn't understand why " because mike told me to " is not sufficient theoretical motivation 
Apparently , there was black bear wandering around on campus last week . I guess I should sign up for emergency text alerts . 
Happy Second birthday to Simone ! You now have a higher probability of reaching reproductive maturity . 
I hate it when my student's don't laugh at my jokes . The Hardy-Weinberg one was really funny too . 
my daughter the artist has discovered a new medium : sour cream 
<= this child is driving me insane 
homeward bound ... 
anyone know of a reasonably priced source of films ( rentals ) that can't be found on netflix ? 
Philly friends : if you're looking for something to do tonight come check out the astonishingly sexy Stephen Marchion at Triumph Brewery . He'll be accompanied by the equally sexy TubaDan Nosheny . Even better , I'll be there ! 
making up for lost time 
about had it with this nonsense 
gmail is creepy . 
To see a snail in your dream , suggests that you are being overly sensitive . Alternatively , a snail suggests that you are making steady progress toward a goal . You need to go at your own pace . 
when it rains it pours 
Had a great time tonight , but thinks it should be a law that dance space be provided when awesome bluegrass is playing 
Never slip and try to pump your own gas in New Jersey . You'd think it was a felony . 
Is having dinner with Wade Davis . Sweet . 
my students have succeeded at collective bargaining 
overheard at the coffe shop : " yeah I'm playing this benefit show next month ... for her pet fox . It needs an operation . " 
Wade Davis was really nice . And it seems appropriate that during his talk I was sandwiched between the chair of sociology and two undergrads with hula hoops . 
this weather bites the big one 
I love it when Simone corrects my Spanish 
It must be registration time . 
Philadelphians , come to Lickety Split at 4th and South tomorrow night ! There will be accordion , there will be ukulele , there will be TubaDan and Nathan and Emily . And I will need people to dance with . 
Remember when teachers , public employees , Planned Parenthood , NPR and PBS crashed the stock market , wiped out half of our 401Ks , took billions in TARP money , spilled oil in the Gulf of Mexico , gave themselves billions in bonuses , and paid no taxes ? Yeah , me neither . 
Steal this post ! 
Dan Nosheny and Emily Marston are amazing ! Thanks for a great night . 
Hell hath no fury like a two-year old with a nasty cold 
is really glad that smallpox was eradicated 
The weather in Merida , Yucatán , Mexico : 88 degrees . Scattered clouds . Pleasantly warm . 
First final exam : down . now , how many things can I reasonably do at once in next two hours ? 
" I mourn the loss of thousands of precious lives , but I will not rejoice in the death of one , not even an enemy . Returning hate for hate multiplies hate , adding deeper darkness to a night already devoid of stars . Darkness cannot drive out darkness : only light can do that . Hate cannot drive out hate : only love can do that . " ~ Martin Luther King , Jr. 
just bought tix for Yucatán , Mexico , where I will spend 58 days training Simone in ethnographic research methods . 
finds it bizarre that Amazonian natives I used to work with are now 
friending me on facebook 
loves philly 
if looks could kill 
Simone said the f-word today . Twice . And her mischievous giggle suggested that she knew she wasn't supposed to say it . 
Mike Urban = pure evil 
grading marathon = finished . 
