this mod 2 A's and 1 B . :( 
broke bitch for another week 
friend for a reason , season , or life time ......... which are you ? 
whats wrong with wanting it all and not settling for anything less ??? 
i hate to love you and love to hate you 
step out of the way BEFORE the shit hits the fan 
sometimes i wish i lived in his world so i understood 
the grass is always greener on the other side 
sicker than a dog . at least no homework this weekend !!!!! only 2 mods left !!!!!! 
he loves me ....... he loves me not . which is it ? 
how much love can a heart hold when its not all together ? 
why do the steelers always have to cheat ? if your a good team u shouldn't have to 
don't start no crap ....... there won't be no crap 
Happy Friday the 13th !!!!!!! 
mama didn't raise no foo 
" If you give her any crap , be ready to receive a ton of shit . " best advice I got today 
the only time drama is good is in a movie . 
starting to get along with a crow ........ i think hell froze over 
2 A's so far ......... still wating for A & P 
only bitches wave YELLOW flags !!!!!!! 
its official .......... 3 A's!!!!!!!!!!!!! i knew me had a brain in my head .... 
I hope everyone has a fun safe night tonight . watch out for drunks and check points !! 
They want Noah's cards sent to a different address . This is the CORRECT address . Noah Biorkman c/o Scott Biorkman 3480 Petoskey Way Milford , Michigan 48380 USA 
Those who live in glass houses should never throw stones ........ 
All done with ID injections . start IM injections tomorrow . Fun to be had !!! 
WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS ... you can ask me 1 question ( only in my INBOX ) . Any question , no matter how crazy it is . You have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get ..... ( don't be scared ) . 
why is it soooo hard for people to have manners ????? i never knew PLEASE and THANK YOU were difficult . but i guess thats what happens when you don't have a decent parent that can teach you the basics . 
yeah !!!!!!!! I have my extern location !!!!!! Cleveland Clinic Solon !!!!!!!! 
true forgiveness is one of the hardest things to do 
i need a scare crow for school 
Really ????? 
tired of being tired 
i mean ........ really ???? 
tomorrows a gift and never promised . 
Its the start of a wonderful year . Great things to look a head to and goals to be reached . 
i'm starting to get alone with 1 crow . i think hell froze over !!!! 
things that make u go hhhhmmmm ........ 
Happy Thanksgiving !!!!!!!!! 
Do you ever notice people that are TOTAL LOSERS try and bring you down to there level ? Name calling and yelling ....... how far can that get you ? could also explain why they end up lonely , miserable people with no one that really cares about them !!!!! 
Happy New Years everyone !!!!!!!!!! 
Located right below the window of opportunity is the trap door of disaster 
is tired . first week almost done . four more to go . i still think i'll be too bored working in a doctors office ....... but we'll see . 
made it through school without crying ....... only cried a little in the car ........ so far so good . 
Merry Christmas everyone !!!!!!!!! 
had a good 1st wk . i have to work in internal medicine this coming week . i hope its fun . 
feels totally strange being home today 
its going to be a bitter sweet day ...... finished with school .... but i'll miss everyone . well ..... not everyone . but you know what i mean . 
Internal medicine must equal rude patients . 
Let's see how forthcoming our Facebook friends are . Leave a 1 word comment on this posting that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting . Wonder if I have any brave friends who will participate 
COPY THIS INTO YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU !!!! You don't have to pick just one . 1 = crazy , 2=i'd marry you , 3 = talkative , 4 = sarcastic , 5 = i miss ya , 6 = sweet , 7 = moody , 8 = dumb , 9 = mouthy , 10 = spoiled , 11 = random , 12 = hot , 13 = funny , 14 = fit , 15 = amazing , 16 = tough , 17 = cute , 18 = bf type , 19 = player , 20 = i love you , 21 = gorgeous , 22 = the best , 23 = friend .... WHAT AM I ?? 
I HATE STAR WARS !!!!!!!!!! 
when will my life be normal ???? can everything just run smoothly for a couple weeks ???? 
had a good day . first day of extern done . learned a couple new things . 
I got my badge to start my externship on monday !!!!! ya one step closer !!!!! 
wet and hard 
4 weeks down and 1 to go ................. YYYYYYEEEEEEAAAAAAAHHHHHH !!!!!!!! 
starts internal medicine tomorrow . think anything ' interesting ' will happen ? 
The part I like about working in ped's ........... playing with the cute kids . 
i karated chopped a squirrel in line at the bank because i'm cool like that . 
School and extern done .......... now the fun begins !!!!!!!! 
Another week finished ...... only 2 left ...... then the REAL fun begins 
You must learn to forgive before God can forgive you 
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Why do some people think that they can say and do whatever they want and never be held accountable ???? 
Do you ever wish you were a monkey ? Then if you got mad at someone , you could just fling your poo at them . Problem solved . 
interesting but pointless info ......... did u know its a law in boston that you CAN NOT drive your car with a gorilla in the back seat . what i would like to know is how many people did that so they had to make it a LAW 
THANK YOU FOR ALL THE BIRTHDAY WISHES !!!! 
<3 THANK YOU EVERYONE FOR THE BIRTHDAY WISHES !!!!!!!!! <3 
Why is it that common sense is no longer common ? 
A good friend asks you why your crying ....... a great friend already has the shovel , dug the whole and is ready to bury the person who made you cry ... 
has to remember that patience is a virtue ... and is not frowned upon in society ... and that murder is punishable by 25 years to life ... don't push my buttons . <3 
I've been told I have an attitude , and I think that OK because in order to have an attitude one must have a personality .. 
Everybody let's do this . We should flood 
Facebookwith this !!!... I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United 
Statesof America , and to the republic for which it stands ; one Nation 
underGOD indivisble , with liberty and Justice for all . REPOST IF YOU 
THINKGOD , OUR COUNTRY , AND OUR FLAG DESERVE RESPECT !! 
A woman should have one old love she can imagine going back to and one who reminds her how far she has come . 
you may not be her first , her last , or her only . she loved before .. she may love again . but if she loves you now .. what else matters ? 
I am soooooo sick and tired of LAZY people 
~ A prideful person is of closed mind and knows little . A humble person has an open mind , that listens and learns ~ 
Put this as your status if you or somebody you know has suffered BABY LOSS or INFERTILITY . ??? The majority won't put it on , because unlike cancer , baby loss/infertility is a taboo . ??? Break the silence . ??? In Memory of all the ~ Angel ~ babies gone too soon but never forgotten , and the babies who were not possible but are so loved ! 
Thank you God and Jesus for all the Blessings you have given me yesterday , today and for all of my tomorrows . 
whatcha talkn ' bout willis ??? 
PMS = push me stupid 
every have that feeling to say fuck everyone and the world ??????? 
When we have nothing left but GOD , Then we realize that GOD is enough ! HAPPY EASTER EVRYONE !!!!!!!!! 
You think I am a bitch . Well get in line , right behind the people who don't like the truth . 
For everyone who talks or has ever talked about me , thank you for making ME the center of YOUR world ! 
Forget about past disappointments and hurts . You can't unscramble eggs . Move on with your life and focus on making things better and happier . ;o ) 
FarmVille should grow weed then sell it to MafiaWars , who'll sell it in YoVille . then YoVille will get the munchies & go to CafeWorld located in FishTown ! 
You never really forget the ones who touched your heart ; regardless whether it's the ones who broke it or the ones who healed it . 
Wisdom is knowing when to speak your mind and when to mind your speech . 
Crazy ... Nutty .. Freaky ... call me whatever you want ! I bet you'll never be able to forget me all your life ! 
i have taken the paths that i have , in order to get to where i am now . whether they were right or wrong ..... they had to be taken 
It takes real strength to keep trying , when the whole world expects you to fail . 
Im a bitch , Im sarcastic , and opinionated . I laugh when I want , cry sometimes for no reason and get angry outta the blue ! This is me so piss off if you dont like it 
Be careful of the words you spit out today , they may be the words you have to eat tomorrow ! 
don't regret the decisions you make , just remember the reasons for making your decisions 
Happy Mothers Day !!! 
Be patient with me , God isn't finished with me yet . 
We learn from our mistakes . So I can count on being a genius when I die . 
Ever feel you're traveling down life's highway without a GPS ? 
Be who you want to be , say what you want to say , because those who matter don't mind and those who mind don't matter 
Life isn't about finding that one person that U can actually live " with " . Its about finding the One and only that you can't live " Without " ! 
There's this girl & boy and they kind of stole my heart . They calls me " Aunt " and I love them with all my heart !! <3 <3 <3 <3 
my aunt passes away last night . i thank god i was able to have the time with her i did . i miss her sooo much already . i love you bopa and i have faith that i will see you again . <3 <3 <3 <3 
When someone you love becomes a memory , that memory becomes a wonderful treasure not to be forgotten . 
