is singing along to " Let's Have a Patrick Swazye Christmas " from Mystery Science Theatre 3000 ( I'm such a geek , lol ) 
Vacation Bible School is OVER ! Although I will miss my class of little future army men , lol ! 
VBS until Thursday , thankfully my class is ( somewhat ) well behaved this year :) 
Everyone check out my videos ! 
wonders why everyone on LOST loves hitting Ben Linus 
says " It's hug an oboist day so hug me !!! " 
went to the midnight premiere of Harry Potter 6 and LOVED it ! It's not just another Haryy movie , it's REALLY good !!! 
is going crazy from Latin II and can't wait to just CHILL week after this or whenever it is ! 
is back from camp & had a BLAST !!! 
I found pictures of me at Congress camp online !!! YAY for internet ! 
FSYO audition tomorrow ! AND Fossil Hunters ! ( Possibly the most full day I've had in two weeks ... ) 
is going icon crazy !!! ( Fanpop has soooo many to choose from , I've got like 60 LOST icons or something ) 
had a completely awesomeness time at a party ! I saw an 85 year old man whacking a pinata and I got to go on a canoe ! 
can't believe that my camp friend sent out a message telling all of my friends that I tried to report them !!! What an insensitive thing to do !!! Thank you to all of my ACTUAL friends for being my friends , btw :) 
spent yesterday doing magic tricks with her sister . I need some practice ... 
is watching LOST and swimming with sharks in New Smyrna 
is so happy that Huber won " Groomer Has It ! " 
is at " Congress " camp , which should be called " College " camp ! Whoever heard of Business Casual at CAMP ? But I know I'm seriously having fun . I think . lol 
just spent 30 minutes trying to find my next Lost episode ! ( I need to cure this addiction , lol ) 
is going to watch the LOST Ace of Cakes episode at 8pm , which means I'll be watching it at * 8:15 * ! Psycho awesome ! 
feels like such a Latin geek , I didn't need about half of the subtitles on that Lost episode :D ;) 
is totally PARTY TIME !! I'm @ Kaley's place , freakin out and partying ! WOOHOO ! Crazyness funtime ! 
is watching Prelude orchestra's performance @ the Hard Rock Live 
just saw the 3rd New Moon trailer ! Not enough of Aro yet , and Jasper wasn't even IN this one ! ( But seeing the entire werewolf pack was pretty cool ) 
thinks that Ms Napier's baton flying through the air in the middle of " The Marriage of Figaro " was HILARIOUS ! 
FINALLY found season 5 of LOST online for free ! Thank you AOL video !!! 
is EXHAUSTED . School year's barely begun , and I'm already tired ! 
is listening to " Party In the USA " to help her feel better 
sorted through roughly 7,000 fossils this week ! 
is laughing REALLY hard at stupid videos :D 
EMILIE LEGE U R IN DEEP TROUBLE WITH ME !!! 
Okay , Latin geeks rejoice ! * Spoiler alert if you aren't up to season 5 episode 3 on Lost * The Others on Lost speak Latin ! Woohoo ! I could TOTALLY survive that island :) 
has decided that someone I know needs to take Sawyer Ford's advice and " cowboy up ! " 
can't wait to go sort some fossils !!! :D 
woohoo ! Finished " Living Nightmare " and LOVED it ! Mr Crepsley is officially WAY more awesome than the Cullens . Please no one come and murder me in my sleep for writing that someone is better than , egad , EDWARD , lol ! 
had lots of fun at FSYO today 
is too cool for school . Public school , that is ;) 
has only read the first 5 pages of Cirque Du Freak : Living Nightmare , and I'm ALREADY hooked . 
has now finished a couple chapeters of Cirque Du Freak : Living Nightmare and has decided that so far it is way more fun than Twilight 
Okay , if I survive the next 10 days without randomly combusting , it's gonna be a miracle ! I'm gonna freeze my butt off this weekend to teach kids about improv in only 30 minutes ( IMPOSSIBLE ! ) , my 4H poster is due next week , I have my speech and skit thingy next weekend , along with going back to orchestra on the 17th ! * head implodes * 
wants her Girl Scout troop to go to Las Vegas to see Cirque Du Soleil's BeLIEve show . I don't think that it's gonna happen , though ... 
woohoo , Cornerstone pizza tonight !!!! 
thinks she's gonna finally start work on her music video ideas . Just gotta obtain the actual video clips ... 
had an awesome time at " Cats ! " 
is completly cheered up thanks to Ms Tami and LOST humour 
is having a BLAST at my Aunt Tutu's house :D BTW Twilight-addicts , I've finished the second Cirque Du Freak book and ALL of you need to give the BOOKS a read BEFORE you see the movie version , because that is gonna be WAY different I think . Mr Crepsley is better than Edward Cullen either way , though ;) 
I <3 Chef Mehta !!! I'm so relieved that he hasn't been eliminated yet !!! 
wonders why I care how long I'd survive a zombie attack . I survived a class full of zombies at Boone , so yeah , I can survive longer than a month ;) 
I'm back in Orlando :) 
my face quote from Walden so far : “I have heard of a dog that barked at every stranger who approached his master’s premises with clothes on , but was easily quieted by a naked thief . ” 
I'm gonna going to Africa tommorow at around 9AM , so see ya later ! :D 
I hope I survive my long stay of about 4 hours in Africa . Girl Scout Africa Day , that is ;) 
wonders why anyone in their right mind woulod give a conductor a KNIFE !!! :P ;) 
I just saw " 9 " and I HIGHLY recommend it !!! ( 5 is the best of the creations , btw ) 
is going to dye her hair :D 
Today I got my fellow club members lost in the Florida scrubland ! 
had a BLAST seeing " Vampire's Assistant " with Steffi ! 
You know it's Christmas when you're watching movies about a penguin who sells fake/stolen watches ! 
woohoo , Cirque Du Freak movie on Wednesday ! 
My dog ate Santa's cookies , such a bad puppy ! BTW , everyone look at my Christmas pictures !!! 
Last day of vacation , gonna make it last :D 
I HATE Camp Wewa !!! I think Freddy Krueger lives in those woods ! 
OMG , the new Darren Shan book titles are out ! * victory whoop * 
My speech got 1st place ! Yay for dangerous sharks !!! 
Suprise ! I get to go to Seaworld tomorrow ! YAY ! ( Now I can SEE the " top 5 most dangerous sharks in Florida ! " ) 
Oh elusive " 9 " DVD , when will you FINALLY grace my mailbox with your presence ? I don't care that you JUST came out , oh please oh please oh please be my prisoner ! :D 
One week until Lost ! AAAHHH ! 
is rereading Alice in Wonderland . Most of the characters somehow manage to remind me of people I've known ! ( Including my dog ! ) 
FINALLY Mom has watched the last episode of season 5 of LOST ! 
Less than 2 WEEKS until season 6 of Lost !!! 
Less than 24 hours till LOST ! AAAAHHH ! 
Richard Alpert = coolest Other 
Since it's doppelganger week , I figure mine is my dog , Jack . 
Great Scott Marty ! 
Okay , I'm gonna slap Facebook ! They've done the update thing to my account too , grrrrrrr ...... 
Finally finished her Latin Forum ! YAY ! 
Happy Birthday Thomas Edison ! :D 
To Sawyer from Lost : You are crazy !!! 
I'm reading Walden , has anyone else read it before ? 
" Cause never is a lonely little messed up word " :) 
I want to hear your theories on Lost ! 
is competing in my first EVER archery tournament ! 
is exhausted and icky from shooting in an archery tournament in the COLD RAIN . But I had fun :) 
Ethan is back on Lost ! YAY ! :D 
liked last week's episode of Lost much better than this week's . :( 
is eating " Smoke Monster Chow " and watching Lost :D 
at the Fair ALL Day on Saturday . :) 
adores the Orlando Shakespeare Theater's production of " Hamlet ! " 
Go Bode Miller !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Please don't die Benjamin Linus !!! If you do , I will cry :( 
is running through rain puddles with Jack :) 
is rewatching scenes from previous seasons of Lost and now I miss Daniel Faraday !!! :( 
zzzzzzzzzzzz ... 
Woohoo , Hamlet on Friday then the Mall Lock-in ! :D AND I got scissor barrettes today ! 
has pretty much recovered from the Mall Lock-In :) 
I had an awesome time drinking tea , stuffing myself , and laughing with friends :D 
" Have I gone mad ? " " Yes , I'm afraid so . You're entirely bonkers . But I'll tell you a secret . All the best people are . " :D 
* rawr * Happy Year of the Tiger ! * rawr * 
got my learner's permit !!! ( finallly ) 
" How many losses must I endure before I become a great warrior ? " 
" More than your ego can bear , fewer than your body can endure . " 
- The Saga of Larten Crepsley : Birth of a Killer 
working on editing SUN club's video for the CFF booth 
eating Girl Scout cookies :D 
OMG JOSHY JUST WON " WORST COOKS IN AMERICA !!!! " I <3 JOSHY !!!! 
spent 30 minutes playing with & taking pics of a toad in my yard ! Sooo fun ! ( Well , it was for me , anyways . The toad looked pretty annoyed towards the last 15 minutes XD ) 
Academy Awards tonight ! :D 
Science fair - Prepare to be rocked ! ( excuse the pun ;) ) 
was looking through my rocks that I found in Tennessee a couple years ago and JUST noticed that one is a FOSSIL ! I have now officially found fossils in TWO states ! :D 
" The world is a mess , and I just need to rule it . " -Dr Horrible's Sing-Along Blog 
How I spend my Sunday morning : Going to the movies to see a 3D Yu-GOh ! movie where the most of the time was spent setting up the plot and the character I likedd only got 1-2 moves ! Very funny , campy movie , though ! :D 
Happy Mardi Gras ! :D 
finally getting started on an AMV idea that has been in the vault a little TOO long ! ;) Thanks Amanda Brown for the encouragement :) 
watching a funny movie to brighten my mood . 
listening to Brendon Urie sing acoustic :) 
INSTRUCTIONS : Go to your profile . The top 5 friends that are in the left-hand sidebar are now your team in the upcoming Zombie Apocalypse . How dead are you ? 

My team : 
Amanda Brown 
Sam Shaffer 
Mark Miller 
Gwyneth Maio 
Edward Fender 
Hmmm . I'm pretty sure we would survive ! 
GUESS WHAT I GOT FOR MY BIRTHDAY ?!?!?! 
Happy Birthday Albert Einstein ! So happy to share a birthday with you ! :D 
hoping that IOA/Universal Studios will kill this bad mood o ' mine ! :) 
going to IOA/Universal ! :) Oh Hogwarts school & Jurassic Park dinosaurs , I know you've missed me ! ;) 
had fun seeing " Beastly " with Becca Snarlypants Griffith and Amanda Brown today ! 
Kyle : Point being , no matter what , how you look matters . 
Will the Tutor : Point being , it's not about how others look at me , it's about how I look at myself . Mental Rubik's Cube , I know , but one day it'll make sense . 
-Scene from " Beastly " 
To Becca Snarlypants Griffith : I finally picked my movie character profile pic thingy ! 
saw the happiest coyote ever at the graveyard ! 
only a couple more days until I get my Dr Horrible's Sing Along Blog DVD ! :D 
saw a ( very wet ) wild bunny sitting out in the rain on the way to Valencia 
" The storm will have passed by 1pm . " Aren't weathermen hilarious ? 
Got my Dr Horrible DVD today , as well as the script & sheet music to the movie too ! 
going to Tangled with Becca Snarlypants Griffith , Amanda Brown , and Gwyneth Maio 
I'm going to attempt to finish my top secret music video project today & post it . Well , ATTEMPT to , anyways ;) 
had fun watching Dr Horrible's Sing-Along Blog with Mom , aka Joanne Maio 
Stormy day = Perfect time to finally watch the Doctor Who mini episodes from Comic Relief 2011 ! 
just found out that the opening two-parts episode(s ) for next season's Doctor Who were filmed in UTAH ! Doctor Who's opening episodes this time are AMERICA-centric , yay ! 
4H Awards Ceremony Theme : Sci-Fi/Video Games !!! 
finally got my copy of the new Mortal Instruments book ! Great so far , but why is there a major lack of Magnus ???? 
eating Girl Scout cookies while slamming through 3 assignment for Valencia that I just noticed are due this week . Yeah , I'm having a wild & crazy Saturday night , yet again XD 
is . still . doing . friggin . homework . AAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH , why did all of my assignments ' due dates have to be changed to the SAME DAY ?!?!?! Grrrrr ..... 
Happy birthday Charlie Chaplin ! :) 
going to Chuck E Cheese with Gwyneth Maio ! :D 
is pretty sure that I figured out who River Song is ! ( Don't look on my comments if u don't want any potential spoilers ;) ) 
there's going to be a remake of Fright Night ! :D :D :D 
Yakko : " Wait a minute . You expect us poor , innocent children to climb up dangerous scaffolding and paint naked people all over a church ? " 
Wakko , Yakko , Dot : " We'll do it . " 
Yakko : " But we're not doing it for art . We're not doing it for the sake of money . No ! We're doing it because we love painting naked people . " -Animaniacs , in reference to the Sistine Chapel 
Happy Judgement Day via Terminators , according to The Sarah Connor Chronicles anyways :D 
Skynet actually DID take over today , but they decided it would work better if they disguised their true identity ! Obama sent out unmanned drones to Libya today . These are OBVIOUSLY incognito Terminators since today is Death via Terminators Day ! ;) :D 
Luna Lovegood : " They're called Thestrals . They're quite gentle really , but people avoid them because they're a bit ... " 
Harry Potter : " Different . " 
-Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix 
found recipes for ( non alcoholic ) " sonic screwdrivers " and mini chocolate Dalek cakes ! Guess what I might be doing today ? ;) 
working my 4-H Portfolios . It's gonna be a LONG day >_< 
just saw the new Doctor Who episode ! It was great ! I found myself literally yelling at the tv during the sad bit in the first 20 minutes , and freaking out that I correctly guessed who had envelope #1 ! ( don't wanna spoil it for those who haven't seen it yet ) My new theory on who River Song could be is .......... ( see the comments ) 
Happy Easter ! 
Why is everything suddenly due THIS week ??? O_o 
At the request of a FB friend -We're asking everyone to say a prayer for the US " Darkhorse " 3rd Battalion 5th Marines and their famlies . They're fighting it out in Afghanistan and have lost 9 Marines in 4 days . IT WOULD BE NICE TO SEE IT ON EVERYONE'S PAGE ... Even if it's only for an hour , come on guys show your support ! I'm honored to re-post this ! Thank you to ALL of " OUR " Service Men and Women . 
watched Triple Rush , and loves it !!! :D Best new show in a while ! 
can apparently mimic Blue from Blue's Clues REALLY well . Hmmmm ..... must find a use for this amazing new talent ..... 
working on super secret Bday/Mother's day gift for Mom ! 
Latest episode of Doctor Who = AMAZING !!!!!!!!!!!!!! Suddenly I'm jealous of River Song ;) 
finishing 4-H stuff at the last minute . Again . XD 
O_o STILL finishing my 4-H Portfolio . Oh well , sleep is overrated X ( 
HAS DEFEATED THE NEVER-ENDING PORTFOLIO REQUIREMENTS !!!!! :D 
I got an A in my Political Science course !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I thought that I was only going to have 84% !!!!!!!! I also kept my A in Humanities , wasn't as hard . 
Had an awesome day at IOA/Universal Studios with Gwyneth Maio !!! :D 
Let's be clear on this : OBAMA did NOT kill Bin Laden . An American soldier , whom Obama , just a few weeks ago was debating on whether or not to PAY , did . Obama just happened to be the one in office when our soldiers finally found UBL and took him out . This is NOT an Obama victory , but an AMERICAN victory !! REPOST IF YOU AGREE !!!! 
OCC elections tonight ! 
is now the 2011-12 4-H Orange County Council President :D 
needs someone to make me laugh . Any takers ? 
had fun taking the Zack Cole scooter tour of Valencia ! 
OMG , first word of a new Scrabble game and I used ALL of my letters for the word " trodden " that has given me 72 points ! :D 
has figured out that making short videos in a small amount of time with a VERY limited amount of media is MUCH harder than making a long video and trying to find room to fit it all in & still get the video's message across . Sadly , I've figured this out a LITTLE too late ... Oh well , LIVED AND LEARNED ! 
yay for Saturday ! Fossil Hunters here I come ! 
got stuck in almost every ride in Chuck E Cheese ! 
Forensics class : Where we learn exactly how random/silly/etc a death can actually become ! 
is @ the beach until Monday ! I'm outta here ! :D 
I <3 Toothless the dragon !!! 
finally starting work on a new music video , it's been WAY too long ! 
wants to know who would like to come with me to the new Harry Potter movie midnight show ? 
Happy Shark Week ! 
is back from the beach 
is it just me or did the latest episode of Lost seem really short ??? 
Happy Velociraptor Awareness Day ! 
rofl , I accidently sent my science teacher a project that I did on Julius Ceasar , he was quite confused !!! Thankfully I can send him my REAL project without losing points :D LOL , my poor teacher ;) 
has the Back to the Future theme park RIDE on DVD ! Oh yeah , I can watch a ride from the comfort of my home ! Life is GOOD ! 
is having an absurd conversation on chat with her sister who is 3 feet away from her XD 
says tht everyone must watch the Magical Muffin Song that I just posted . I JUST found it , we recorded it in 2009 . 
latin tutoring on a Saturday , what is virtual school coming to ? ;) 
got the NEW Darren Shan book " Birth of a Killer " EARLY !!! 
is now in 11th grade :D 
really hates bees right now ! ( Yeah , I got stung ... ) 
" I may be an idiot , but I'm not stupid . " - Spencer Shay :D 
just found out that " Beastly " and " Red Riding Hood " are BOTH coming to theaters on March 11 !!!! 
My sister is crazy .... she's trying to have a " pool party " with me and the dog but we don't have a pool ! 
Gwyneth has gone from crazy to trying to kill me ! She is forcing me to have a " spa party " with her . :P 
" The way I see it , every life is a pile of good things and bad things . 
The good things don't always soften the bad things , but vice-versa , the 
bad things don't necessarily spoil the good things and make them 
unimportant . " -Doctor Who :D 
needs a seriously good laugh . 
Zombies are better than ninjas 
We now come to the part of the show called " If it ain't broke , you're not trying ! " -Red Green 
" I am DEFINITELY a mad man with a box ! " ;) ( One of the best Doctor Who quotes ever ) 
is attempting to make a homemade steadicam 
" I am Sam the clam " = cutest card EVER ! 
is going fossil hunting on Saturday ! :D 
I got Cum Laude on the Nation Latin Exam !!! 
just learned that you can now buy an actual CAF-POW ! My forensics class NEEDS to have these around during class ! 
is watching Lost . AGAIN . :D 
is at Disctrict Events on Saturday , I'm gonna knock the socks off of those judges ! ;) 
is watching " The Addams Family Musical " online . Haven't decided whether I think it's any good or not yet ... 
copy this into your status and see what your friends rate you as !! ( 1 ) Crazy . ( 2 ) I'd marry you . ( 3 ) Talkative . ( 4 ) Silly . ( 5 ) Loveable . ( 6 ) Moody . ( 7 ) Dumb . ( 8 ) Spoiled . ( 9 ) Sporty . ( 10 ) Random . ( 11 ) Annoying . ( 12 ) Funny . ( 13 ) Nerdy . ( 14 ) Amazing . ( 15 ) Beautiful . ( 16 ) Cute . ( 17 ) Generous ( 18 ) Smart . ( 19 ) Friendly . ( 20 ) Creepy ..... 
thought it would be easy to find a good definition of " paleontologist " for my County Events speech this year . Silly me . 
had a lot of fun at her UnBirthday party :D 
got shark eyeball guts in my ear while helping Zack with his frozen shark ! XD 
Okay , tonight's episode of Lost = disappointing . 
helped sort roughly 20,000 fossil shark teeth today ! :D ( That's a new personal record !!! ) 
my Life Management teacher apparently thinks that how not to turn into a werewolf ( this is not a metaphor ) is vital knowledge O_o 
Blue Ribbon @ District Level ! Look who's going to STATE lv ! 
got the LOST encyclopedia !!!!!!!!!!! :D 
had a great time at " Inception " with Amanda , Becca , and Bella ! 
is FINALLY working on the music video made up of media from 4H congress 2010 ! 
Happy 2011 ! :) 
4H project record books have been killing me ! 
is FINALLY going to see Inception ! 
Florida law forbids rats to leave the 
ships docked in Tampa Bay . ROFL !!! 
went on a random trip to Cassadaga and sat in the " Devil's Chair " 
loves Teaching Textbook ! I just did an algebra equation about parasites on a hippo ! :D XD 
FINISHED the video for SUN club's boot h@ the Kickoff & burned it onto a disk ! YAY ! 
just won 5 Latin awards , 4 of them were for tests I thought I had failed ! * faint * 
Goodbye Vista , Hello Windows 7 ! :D :D :D 
WOOHOO , tonight I shall finally learn the true name of the Man in Black/Smoke Monster !!! 
wants to post Jr Congress pics , but my computer disagrees ;) 
is going to cry when Lost ends on Sunday :'( 
just won 5 Latin awards , 4 of them were for 
tests I thought I had failed ! * faint * 
had an awesome time at Rock Springs ! 
I <3 Next Food Network Star ! 
Happy Birthday Jules Verne ! Thanks for all of the great books ! :D 
Karate + Archery = EXHAUSTION 
finally finished Latin II !!!!! 
No ! A sandal is not a book ! You can't read my sandal ! 
DARREN SHAN IS GOING TO TOUR IN FLORIDA THIS NOVEMBER !!!!! :DDD 
was COMPLETELY disappointed by Lost's finale ! WAY too depressing for a SERIES FINALE !!!! 
is fighting Windows Movie Maker . Sadly , I don't think I'm winning ! 
is already not liking how the finale to Lost is looking .... 
making mac & cheese while rockin out to The Killers ! Ah , life is good : D 
had an AWESOME day fossil hunting !!! 
http://news.yahoo.com/s/ynews/20100521/ts_ynews/ynews_ts2186 
got stung by a jellyfish . PAINFUL , but EXCITING ! :D 
is reading " Howl's Moving Castle . " I love it so far ! Has anyone seen the movie ? 
starting off the Halloween month by watching " Sleepy Hollow . " ( The Tim Burton version ) 
summer vacation is OVER . :( 
had a blast chillin ( literally ! ) with Steffi at Grinchmas & the Macy's Holiday Parade ! 
Jack got loose and decided to play " Hide and Seek . " Thankfully he eventually lost that game ! 
had a BLAST @ SAK with Becca Griffith ! 
according to Gwyneth , my new name is " M Dog " O_o 
is watching videos of the dolphins , turtle , and manatees we saw at Ponce Inlet 
saw " Jaws " for the first time :D Love it ! 
finished her SAT Subject Test ! :D 
Paleontologists > Rockstars 
is sorting fossils :D 
had a blast at Aquatica ! One of the dolphins swam towards me on one of the slides ! :D :D :D 
Best SUN club moment ever : " Zack , please don't pee in the can ! " XD 
is getting ready for Congress camp :D 
for the first time EVER my Altador Cup team has taken 1ST PLACE !!! WOOHOO ! 
was visited by four neighbouring screech owls tonight ! They were so beautiful and sat 1 foot away from me ! :D 
the Magical Muffin video keeps " magically " disappearing off of my video list :( 
Merry Christmas everyone !!! :D 
new MINDFREAK episodes starting August 4 !!!! WOOHOO ! 
saw Sorcerer's Apprentice and loved it ! 
Have a Very Merry Chuck Norris Christmas ! ;) 
needs recommendations for a good Florida fossil identification book & where to get one . ( Barnes & Noble had 7-12 books about gems & fossils , NONE of them were identification books ! grrrrrr ..... ) 
just found out that Prehistoric Park can be watched on Youtube ! YAY ! 
figured out the entire plot/ending of " Inception " within the first 15 minutes of the movie . I recommend watching it though , it's really a fun movie ! 
my Forensic Science class is still over a week away , but I'm still super psyched ! AGGGHH , why can't it be Friday the 10th yet ???? 
after spending 4 weeks working on it , I have FINISHED my music video of 4H Congress this year ! 
is now the 2nd place public speaker in her division !!!!! 
won 2nd place in the State level competition with her " Florida's Most Dangerous Shark Countdown " speech ! 
going to potluck dinner 4H club tonight 
is considering getting the Vegas Movie Studio Platinum to replace to terrible movie maker that came with Windows 7 . Not quite sure yet . Any reviews of Vegas Movie Studio ? 
is putting together Gwyneth & my movie from Disney :) 
is watching old home videos on the computer . The thing is , all of them are actually funny ! I have a few that I'm thinking of posting ... 
" Your name shall be ........ Plurp ! " 
is listening to " I'll Make a Man Out Of You " from Mulan while practicing karate with Gwyneth ! :) 
" Clothes make the man . Naked people have little or no influence on society . " 
-Mark Twain 
had an awesome 1st karate lesson ! :) 
I'm going to Hogwarts !!!!!! :D 
FINALLY got bifocals ! I like seeing stuff :D 
Karate test ! 
AHOY ! It be Talk Like a Pirate Day ! 
" like " my status if you want me to finish my " 4H Congress 2010 " music video tonight & post it on Facebook 
" And I like to use the word ' Dude ' as a noun or an adverb or an adjective 
And I , I never really been into cars 
I like really cool guitars 
And superheroes 
And checks with lots of zeros on ' em 
I love the sound of violins 
And makin ' someone smile " 
- Camp Rock 2 
is laughing her head off while listening to " Prairie Home Companion " 
is SOOOO excited about seeing the new Halloween Horror Nights houses this year on TV/online ! I don't actually GO to the event , I prefer experiencing it at home WITHOUT the drunks ! 
I will give a super hero name to everyone who " likes " my status 
" For your perusing , at times confusing , hopefully amusing , introducing me " :) 
Hawaii Five-O tonight ! :) 
everyone who is thinking about going to Junior Congress this year , I can assure you it is going to be AWESOME ! 
" Beware the Alien Na'vi . It sees you . " XD 
learned how to use a sai , pair of nunchaka , and a tonfa in karate ! Yay for Okinawan farming tools of doom ! 
is now CPR/AED certified ! :D 
NCIS + hot chocolate & cozy blanket = awesome Saturday night :) 
finally saw the newest NCIS episode " The Spider and the Fly . " SOOOOOO good ! 
" Your life is an occcasion . Rise to it . " -Mr Magorium's Wonder Emporium 
loves being on Unit Z.A.P. ( Zombie Apocalypse Program ) !!! 
Happy Halloween ! 
Went on Triceratops Discovery Trail @ IOA 3 times with Zack & Hunter ! I WANT TO PET THAT DINOSAUR !!!!! 
found out that my birthday also falls on " White Day , " which is a Japanese holiday where men give women chocolates and cake ! YAY ! 
Book ' em Danno ! :) 
just went " owling " in my yard , kinda like in " Owl Moon . " The barred owl actually answered my imitation call and I saw him fly ! I <3 friendly owls ! 
going to see Inception late on . Yay for $3 movie theaters ! 
is looking buying a webcam . Any suggestions ? 
Happy Chinese New Year ! I'm hoping that the fact that this is the Year of the Rabbit will add some luck ! ;) 
#1 of Haunted House scareactor was a success ! Can't wait for night #2 ! 
Mom finally finished watching Inception with me ! : ) I love that movie so much ! 
first college homework ever : COMPLETED ! :D 
I . Hate . Having . a . Sore . Throat !!!!!!! 
got a new bat wing bone fossil & two new display cases from the fossil fair ! Yay ! :) 
Trick or Treating + " Attack of the Giant Leeches " = GREAT Halloween ! 
Zombies & pie can fix even the worst of days :) 
Let's see who knows me best ! Try to answer all these questions .... Full name : ______ Age : ______ Birthday : _____ Eye color : ___________ Nickname : _____ Best friend : _______ Favorite color : _____ Favorite food : _________ Favorite thing to do : ______ Post this to your wall and see who knows you best ! :) 
After going to Harry Potter World , I feel like I've actually attended Hogwarts & been to Hogsmeade ! 
City of Bones = my newest book addiction ! 
had an AWESOME time at the Fossil Hunter Christmas party ! I got a fossil rabbit ! 
going to see the new Harry Potter movie ! :) 
had the best Thanksgiving ever ! :) 
Happy Boxing Day ! :) 
Moss Park on Saturday ! :) 
I see sick people ........ O_o 
is making Harry Potter spells on the Powder game ! 
" This is my timey-wimey detector . Goes ding when there's stuff . " 
passed the 8th kyu test ! I'm now a yellow belt ! 
Tron : If you are a user , then everything you've done has been according to a plan . 
Kevin Flynn : Ha ! You wish ! 
" Back to wizards and witches , and magical beasts , 
To goblins and ghosts and to magical feasts . 
It’s all that I love , and it's all that I need . 
HOGWARTS , HOGWARTS , I think I'm going back --- " 
-AVPM ( yeah , I'm going back to Harry Potter World tomorrow , yay ! ) 
I was chosen to have a wand choose me at Ollivanders ! My new wand is Hawthorn with Unicorn hair core ! 
finished my first day of Valencia ! 
Funniest part of Christmas Eve shopping : Mom yelling " I HATE YOU ALL !!! " out the car window at the bad drivers & huge crowds ! ;) 
is watching the original TRON . It's pretty funny so far .... 
knows an adorable kitty who needs a home ! She a tabby cat , pretty small , & looks like she's around 6 months old . Anyone want to help her ? 
I think I aced my very first college exam ! ( Which was today , btw ) 
had soooo much fun fighting Holly White and Zack Space-Cowboy Cole at Karate tonight ! :D :D :D 
wants you all to leave details of one song that reminds you of me and explain why . ( Yeah , I borrowed this from you , Boomer ) 
watching an episode of PowerPuff Girls with Gwyneth Maio and squeeing at the ADORABLE BABY WHALE ! =) 
was officially called a ninja today ! I can now check that one off the bucket list ! :D 
I'm bored , so here's a game : Facebook message me a number and i will post something about you on this status ! 
played with puppets for a college class today ! XD I <3 East Campus ! 
