Facebook seems to be extremely glitchy today , apps are slow to load , and I've had to sign back in several times because it timed out my session ...... what a pain !! 
I'm getting tired of these stupid facebook apps , can't even finish my horse stable in farmville ! I'm Done !! Oh yeah , these too -- cafeworld , petville , fishville -- All Boring ! Same crap , different pile ! I'll do Mafia Wars awhile longer but I only have 2 in my mafia and I can't do any of the Boss Fights past the first one . Have A Nice Day ! ;P 
So ....... how does the " get your old F'B layout back " work if you don't have a cell phone ? 
In 2010 you will have a chance to get rid of the entire sitting Congress . Up to 1/3 of the Senate and 100% of the House . THE GOVERNMENT CANNOT GIVE TO ANYBODY ANYTHING THAT THE GOVERNMENT DOES NOT FIRST TAKE FROM SOMEBODY ELSE . VOTE THE INCUMBENTS OUT ! 
I am looking for a ride to Brians wake and back , anyone have room ? I live in Tigard , but I can meet somewhere as long as its on the bus line . 
HAPPY EASTER ! 
To Brian : My friend , my brother , rest in peace buddy . 
Excellent , very well spoken ! Wow I got a response ! Thank you Kelin ! 
To everyone that went to the FGHS 86 get together : This was the first time I have attended a reunion and I wasn't sure about going but I'm glad that I did ! It was nice to see all of you and reconnect , I had a good time ! Hope to see you all next time ! 
A Prayer for my friend Brian : Dear Jesus , Divine Physician and Healer of the Sick , we turn to you in this time of illness . O dearest Comforter of the troubled , alleviate our worry and sorrow with Your gentle love , and grant us the grace and strength to accept this burden of cancer . Dear God , we place our sick under Your care and humbly ask that You restore Brian to health again . In Jesus ' name , Amen 
is going to see Brian at OHSU . 
Political correctness is a doctrine fostered by a delusional , illogical minority , and rabidly promoted by an unscrupulous mainstream media , which holds forth the proposition that it is entirely possible to pick up a turd by the clean end . 
Happy Thanksgiving to all !! 
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE !!!!!!!!!!! 
