I just felt a sudden wave of Brian-sadness . I don't think a day goes by still that I don't think about him . I miss him so much . :[ 
I feel like befriending all of the Courtney Carpenter's on Facebook . Just because . xD 
It's okay ... He's my ex ... 
Woohoo ! Relaxation time for Courtney . I feel like I have been on my feet for days . 
Can't wait until I have enough money to get my moped . :] Cars are so overrated . 
Oh lord . Desperate Housewives makes me laugh out loud . 
Just wasted a day of her life doing nothing , and it felt good . 
Really ? I don't have to do all of these worksheets that take three hours a chop from my life for driving ? I wish I had known that three worksheets ago . :/ 
' Is he bold ? ' " No on braver ! " ' Is he sweet ? ' " Our favorite flavor ! " 
And now I'm 18.001 years old . Cheers ! :] 
Yummy Noodles ! :3 
" Dad , there's a scorpion on the bathroom ceiling ! " ' Okay . ' " Aren't you going to get it ?! " ' I'm not getting out of bed!' ... I guess that little bugger will live to scare another innocent bathroom-goer . Touche . 
No sleeping for Courtney since Courtney can't risk missing the plane ... x.x 
Yay for unusual sleeping patterns ? Or ... not . 
Someone should just give me a 250cc moped . Like , ' here , Courtney , I got this moped for you . ' The most natural thing in the world , right ? 
Going to the Galleria ! xD I wish I had more money to spend there . 
Hope everyone is having fun getting chubbers . :] 
Pissed . Off . I'm tired of this crap . 
Why is it so difficult to get someone to take an hour to teach me to parallel park ?? This is so frustrating . 
Only five more days in Kokomo ... How depressing . :[ Better make them last . :] 
For those who don't know , I lost my phone . x.x So sorry if I don't text back . 
I hate when you dream about people you're mad at , especially when your dream self ISN'T mad at them . It makes my head hurt , and makes me sad . Stupid dream-people . 
Wants to be social . I hate being stuck with the choices of walking or bicycling . Just shoot me now , yeah ? 
Yay for popping my own healthy popcorn and sneaking it into theaters . :D Boo for high fat theater-popped popcorn . 
Club mixes make me want to jam out . 
Ugggh . Hypocrisy infuriates me . 
hates getting the car on empty when she's broke . 
So , I just bought my very first item off of eBay ever , and I have to say I feel a little more accomplished . x3 
" Can he swing from a web ? No he can't , he's a pig . " 
Getting my phone today ! Everybody send me numbers so I can re-add them ? :] 
Picture comment frenzy ! :D 
Yay ! New phone ! :D Time to explore it . 
Haha , I'm starting to like shopping on eBay a little too much . 
I thought I was at the bottom step and fell off the stairs . Not my brightest moment . 
When it's this hard and expensive to get tickets to see my friends perform , they better know that I freakin ' love ' em . Ugh . 
It's days like this one that make me really dislike working . 
Lost my phone . Lila's pictures . :[ I can't believe I lost my phone . 
I want to watch Lost in Space . Why do you fail me , Netflix ?! 
My phone might have just died the final death . T-T 
Scheduling my phone interview with Disney ! Ah ! (: 
What's Forest Gump's Facebook password ?? 

1forest1 !! (: 
Something is what it is , if it's not something else . (: 
There's a gnat in my room flying around my computer screen every once in a while and it's too fast to kill . T.T Ew ew ew ew . My skin feels like it's crawling with little bugs now . Blegh . 
I would just like to take a second to thank whoever it was that was cleaning Sunland Park Mall last night , found my wallet , and turned it into security so I could find it today ! You're my hero ! 
It's nice to know there are some nice people out there , too . (: 
Aaaaaaa my interview for Disney doesn't start until 6:30 but I keep jumping every time the phone rings as if they decided to call forty minutes early . So nervous . dx 
Oh my gosh . I'm so excited . :DDD My interview was awesome ! I can't wait to hear from them ! (((((: 
Little Mermaid time !! Glad to have a working VCR in my room again . (: 
I'll be in Indiana in less than two weeks . :D 
Loved karaoke tonight . (: 
Homemade chocolate milkshakes are so much better than fast food milkshakes ...! b : 
Someone get The Situation off of Donald Trump's Comedy Central Roast .... Dude , you're not funny .. People only clapped when Jeff Ross was up there with you . 
Life is so boring right now . dx 
Love that I'm able to play Zelda : Ocarina of Time for N64 on my laptop . :D Still might not keep me from buying a real N64 off of eBay , anyway , though .. xD 
Zelda time ! 
Tick tock , tick tock ... If this teacher doesn't show up in five minutes I'm so out of here ... 
Why is my YouTube advertisement before the actual video in Spanish ... Ugh .. 
My cat is such a cat . 
Mikey Dawson should come get food with me . d : Right now . (: 
" Riff Rat . " 
" Street rat . " 
" Yeah , I buy that . " 
" I don't need to look closer . " 
" I see a poor boy . " 
" Yes-sir-ee . " 
" I don't need to find out . " 
" There's not that much more to you . " 
xD Haha me and Mikey Dawson providing commentary while we're watching Prince of Persia ... xD 
Aw . No Disney College Program for me . :/ 
So ... I had this awesome dream last night where I brought Optimus Prime back to life and then was granted with unlimited super powers for my service . Whatever I could imagine , I could do . I was flying , mostly . But I also made my hair turn red . I was a little disappointed when I woke up and it was still blonde . d : 
This on again , off again internet I've had for the past twenty-four hours is really annoying me . -.- 
I need to get out today . :] 
I'm nineteen . o.o 
:D 
Stupid blackout . I like electricity , thank you . 
" You see how picky I am about my shoes and they only go on my feet ! " --- Clueless Cx 
I recognized the actor who plays Franklin Mott from True Blood in the Tudors , and then someone is introduced to the king as ' William Compton!' I love coincidences like that . 
So I've decided that I would definitely be one of the first to die if zombies ever took over the world . 
Singing in class for the win ! Haha . C : 
" Ooooo baby ! Here I am . Signed , sealed , delivered , I'm yours ! " 
Part of me really wants to buy a Slap Chop . 
Today officially sucks . Ugh . 
So I'm thinking American Idol Auditions in Austin , August 11 ? I think I'd be able to go this year ! 
So ... I'm ready for Christmas to be here . c : Cold outside , lots of blankets , Christmas music , spice candles ... Mm . c : 
I'm totally a chain gum chewer . x3 
SCORPION ! Aaaa ! Somebody come kill it ! x.x 
I'm kind of tired of being cooped up in the house with no car to drive . x.x Someone should definitely rescue me soon before I go insane . :] 
Another customer told me I had a nice nose today . 
I feel like burning stuff . 
What's on my mind ? Migraine . Ouch . 
Haha now I plan on watching every episode of The Tudors . xD 
KITTYYYYY ! :] 
Nathan's her dad ? Whaaaaaa ?! 
Just bought my pretty duvet cover ... :D 
I like it on the back of the couch . 
I have a new kitten and he/she's insane . I wish I knew what it was so I could name it already . xD 
UGH !!! I'm just going to close my Planet Fitness account . I can't deal with this crap . 
A customer just told me I have a beautiful nose . That's great ? xD 
Not so confident this morning . 
Time to try and sleep . Night all . :] 
Ugh . I get so frustrated with this computer freezing . x.x 
Finished my WebAssign homework ! Sonya ' Carpenter ' Stokes ftw . :3 
How am I supposed to graph this function if I have nothing to graph it on , WebAssign ?? I don't want a lower grade just because you won't let me answer . :[ 
Mm bacon . :] 
Couldn't sleep at all again last night . :/ 
The end of a break at work has to be one of the saddest moments I experience regularly . :P 
I know Oliver's crawled under the recliner when I suddenly feel a paw reach out and bat at my heel . C : 
Serial killers can be so cute when they have babies ! 
I don't lay down on the ground outside often enough . 
Okay , so my sister totally got me on board with the Star Wars in Concert thing whether she wanted to or not . I'm so going , and I want to get some good seats . ;] 
Just found out the video I've been recording for hours to submit to Glee is worthless . Great . Now I have to rerecord or not submit one at all . :[ 
So I'm not super white anymore . xD Darn sun . 
I love it when you comment on someone's status and end up having a conversation with a completely different person via the original person's status comments . 
Aaa messaging overloooad . 
I'm really not looking forward to getting my wisdom tooth cut and pulled out in five hours . D: No matter how good everyone keeps telling me the drugs are . Haha . 
Why are Dakota Fanning and Kristen Stewart kissing in their new movie ? I was surprised enough that Dakota was dancing around singing in lingerie , now she's kissing other girls ? I'm confused by this . 
Hot tub . :] 
" You're lookin ' so cool , you're lookin ' so fly 
I cant deny that when I'm starin ' you down and dead in the eye 
I wanna try to be the person you want the person you need 
It's hard to conceive that somebody like you could be with someone like me " --- ' Happy ' by NeverShoutNever ! 
<3 
Got a fortune cookie that said my judgement is off . What's with the cookie bashing ? 
Next Tuesday night will be the first Glee episode I will have watched on television as opposed to dvd or Hulu . 
Aaaaa my foot's asleep . Wake up , foot . 
I got a 100 on my math exam ! Yay ! 
Getting the family to watch Glee . :P 
Considering starting to buy my Halloween costume already ... Just to get all of the pieces together ... Hmmmmm . 
Can't sleep , and now I'm afraid that if I do fall asleep I won't wake up in time for class ... At least I don't work so I can take one hell of a power nap later ? 
Watching The Blind Side for the first time . Great movie . :] 
Night ! Have to get in some sleep before Warped Tour tomorrow . ;] 
Waaa watching Avatar on DVD ! Love this movie ! Favorite . :] 
" I will go to the animal shelter and I will get you a kitty cat . I will let you fall in love with that kitty cat . And then , on some dark , cold night , I will steal away into your home and punch you in the face . " -- Sue Sylvester , Glee 
Just spilled teriyaki all over myself at work . This is just wonderful . x.x 
Me : " ' Why'd you murder them ? ' ' Because I have self-image issues .. ' " 
Gabriel Oaxaca : " Because if someone else is mutilated I feel prettier . " 
My gobble dance is where it's at ! x ] Awesome night at work , everyone's so much fun . c : 
It's not as fun when Millie tries to hang over the top of my laptop , being a gigantic pit bull and all . 
Oh my goodness I have discovered a new favorite : fried mushrooms from Fiesta Lanes . YUMMM . 
Just got my new swimsuit . :D Really like it . :] 
Got off work early . :D Always a fun thing to do . 
I'm generally a nice person , but mess with my friends and I'll turn really mean , fast . So you had better do yourself a favor and back off . 
Officially CAN'T post my Glee auditions due to inadequate technology . This is just great . 
" Want to do a chinese fire drill ? " " Yes ! " " GO ! " 
Just bought Lady Gaga tickets with Gabe on July 26th ! AWESOME ! 
Went ahead and bought the first volume of Glee . Sonya'll be thrilled . 
I wonder if I could pull together a Blind Mag costume for Halloween ... Hm ... 
Ah ! I can't believe I got to sing with Star Wars in Concert . So awesome ! We got to meet the original actor of C3-PO in person before the show !!!! Crazy ! 
I hate being confused . Let's all just be straight up and honest with each other , yeah ? 
Aloe vera is definitely a godsend . :] 
Just found an awesome rhinestone-covered whistle necklace at Forever21 . I really wish they had had that when I was still lifeguarding . 
Oh my gosh ! The actor who plays Draco Malfoy in Harry Potter plays Anna's son in Anna and the King ! No way ! x ] 
I totally feel like I can rock this . ;] 
" I'm like Tinkerbell ; I NEED applause to LIVE . " -- Rachel , Glee 
Love it . :] 
Jake and I saw an advertisement for the McRib on Facebook fifteen minutes ago , and now we both have a McRib . That , my friends , is called effective advertising . cx 
Me : " Dad ? " 
Dad : " What ?? " 
Mom : " You blew out the candles ! We haven't sang happy birthday yet ! " 
Sonya : " Geez , Dad ... Our voices aren't THAT bad . " 
Hopefully tomorrow's better . :] 
" Just like you love my stomach . Hahaha . That little ho . " 
Webcams are fun . :]]]] 
Just realized : I've never had stitches before now . 
Can't understand what he's saying half of the time , but I still like getting those phone calls . <3 c : 
Was feeling good until I picked her up . Sheesh . Just . Stop . Talking . 
Relaxing by my pool with Neeeeeely . :]]]] 
My phone's taking a rice bath at the moment after it got attacked by some Caffeine-Free Diet Coke . It works , but just to be sure . So anyway , Facebook me instead of texting . :] 
UUUUGGGGGHHHH . Home is supposed to be more relaxing than the rest of the world . FAIL . 
I feel like such a stalker when I like something immediately after the person posted it . I just happened to see it , I swear ... x.x 
c : 
I feel like cake ... Or IHOP . One of these needs to happen . c : 
And back to work I go ... Hopefully I don't have to talk too much . 
My room'll be all teal/light blue/white by the end of tomorrow . :D I think . d : 
Merry Christmas , everybody ! C : 
One month . <3 
" Well he definitely marches to the beat of his own drummer . ..... Actually I think he makes his own drums . " 
Woohoo I get to feel like an actual soprano again ! :] 
" I may not have the softest touch . I may not say the words as such . And though I may not look like much , I'm yours . " --' I'm Yours ' , The Script 
" Now I don't remember telling you lavender was my favorite color . " " I'm in no mood for lesbian weirdness tonight , Pam . " -Pam and Sookie , True Blood xD 
How did I get into so many poke wars ... It started off as only one ... 
" Kill the guy you're looking for , save a kid , remember to pick up diapers .. " 
" It says Mayo in really big letters ... It might as well say Fail . " --- Gabriel Oaxaca 
Gabe , who thought that the mayo jar was a jar of marshmallow cream he could put with Nutella . Fail moment . C : 
My internet's freaking out and it's starting to annoy the hell out of me .. 
Aaaaaa . I hate allergies . D: 
Matilda . <3 
( Watching Secretariat , about his competitor , Sham ) 
Fred Carpenter : " If Sham had won all three races everyone would be going Sham , wow ! " 
xDDDDD 
Haha so does anyone want to some with me to Austin for the American Idol auditions ? 
Watching Buffy , feeling like a nerd . But having fun anyways . :] 
So tired . Time for bed now ? Kthanks . :] 
I feel like having a good hug . xP 
" Here in these deep city lights , girl could get lost tonight . I'm finding every reason to be gone ; nothing here to hold on to . Could I hold you ? " --- City by Sara Bareilles <333 
Gaaah John Q makes me so sad . dx But you have to love Denzel . C : 
Me : " Mom , why are we putting the bread in the fridge now ? " 
Mom : " It was too hard to see which milk was open , so I moved the milk to the top shelf . " 
Me : " But why is the bread in the fridge ? " 
Mom : " Since we got those half gallons of milk .. " 
Dad : " I don't think you're answering the question . " 
Mom : " It's too hard to see which milk is open , so I moved the milk to the top shelf ! " 
Me : " BUT WHY IS THE BREAD IN THE FRIDGE ?! " 
" I spent a little time south of the border , but it's all behind me now . Like a long night after a bad taco . " --- XDD ... What were the writers thinking when they wrote that line in for SYLAR from Heroes ??? 
My tummy hurts . >.< 
Who else loves getting paid ? :D 
I already want to go back to Warped Tour . xD Wish they had things like that everyday . :] Only ... less expensive . 
I feel like going out and doing stuff . So I think I will . :D 
" Summer breeze , makes me feel fine . Blowing through the jasmine in my mind . " - ' Summer Breeze ' , Seals and Crofts 
Oliver's high ... cx 
Night , everyone . 
" I have an idea ! A substantial idea ! A large , colossal idea ! " " ... Sounds big . " 
" Raindrops keep falling on my head ... " 
Worst day I've had in a few months . Aren't you supposed to be happy when school lets out ? 
Was up front in the crowd for the All-American Rejects earlier ! The sunburn is totally worth such an awesome day . 
Five minutes ...! The end . 
Jake in drag . Wow . 
I want to go to Disney World . Anyone want to take a summer trip with me ? C : 
Whoa , Heroes ... Cask of Amontillado much ? o.O 
Just saw Gabriel Oaxaca randomly jogging , freaked out and laid on the horn , then got him in the car and drove around for a bit . xD I love when things like that happen . 
Going to see Gabriel Oaxaca in Houston on Thursday and then we're off to Lady Gaga next Monday ! I'm so excited ! 
Just walked what seemed like twelve miles ( okay , not nearly that many ) with an umbrella slung over my shoulders carrying four or five Target bags including milk and eggs . Gabriel Oaxaca carried his by hand , which is amazing . And now we're going to do p90x yoga . We're so intense . 
UGH Blockbuster do you have to fail at having everything BUT the first disc in every season of Dexter ?! 
Three more episodes of Heroes until the end ! 
Aaa ! Lorena's head ! Aaaa ! ... True Blood . x.x 
" It's like swimming but inside-out ! " xD 
Uuuugh . Ready to go to wait in line already . Frustrateeeeed . 
Seriously ? My Psychology teacher is ' reviewing ' the lecture she did last class , aka doing the exact same lecture today . Why ?? I had enough of it the first time .. 
Ugh Seven Pounds why do you have to make me so sad ?! I can never help but cry at the end . D: 
Facebook : Feeding my procrastination . It's a love/hate thing . 
Zachary Quinto ? Um , yeah . :] 
Cat keeps running across the keyboard and causing all sorts of trouble . -.- 
When Blockbuster failed me , Micah David Smartt came through ! :] Dexter season 3 ftw ! 
Feeling good . C : Poor , but good . c ; 
Declaw my cat or animal shelter ? Ugh , this sucks . I don't know what to do . 
Ugh I don't understand how to find this function ! To the index .... Approaches to cost , page 799 . ....... WHAT ?! The book ends at 680 ?!?! D: Where's the rest of it ?! 
Fail . 
In the episode where a character from Dexter was making a tape recording , he described a man as ' 200-220 lbs . ' In another episode when the tape is being played , it has him saying ' 190-200 lbs . ' Hmmm .... Mistake ? I think so . 
The most priceless , memorable moments are the ones that are probably illegal . :] 
Bad day today . Hopefully it brightens up at least a little . 
James and the Giant Peach . You have to love it . Even if you had nightmares about it as a kid . :] 
Okay .... Spastic kitty . This one's definitely a weirdo . x ] 
Hahaha I like my conversations with my friends . 
Watching Heroes season 1 on Netflix ! Excited , since I've never watched it . 
I love finding little consistencies in my handwriting . :] 
There are so many side characters in Heroes that are some of the main characters in Glee ... 
Put Oliver's new Soft Paws on and he isn't taking them off ! Yay . :] It's funny watching him slide off of furniture when he tries to jump up on it . C : 
" Should I invite Quinn ? He's so ... tan ... " -- Dexter 
xD Love it . 
Does anyone else color code their closet according to ROYGBIV ? c : 
Making french toast at four thirty in the morning isn't weird . :D 
EPCC , why don't you believe that I've been living in El Paso for the past six years ???? I don't feel like paying your stupid out-of-state tuition !! I've been here six years !!!! 
Aaaaa Swan Princess !!! Forgot how much I loved the cute music from this movie . ^^ 
Man , five years ago I was barely starting high school .... Time fliiiiiies . o.o 
He's so freaking cute when he hangs his paws over the edge of the top of my laptop and looks over like " whatcha doin ? " 
Aw Lion King 2 . <3 :]] 
I am a paper writing fiend . :DD 
I wish I could like the fact that people like something . Like a little sub-button or something . 
Still haven't gotten my refund for having to pay out-of-state tuition ... And now they're saying they sent it and I have to drive all the way to Valle Verde campus to fill out some ridiculous form to have them send it AGAIN . Stupid EPCC . Just give me back my money . 
First training session on the new scratching post : SUCCESS . C : And he gets to try Soft Paws once he's big enough as an alternative to declawing . So relieved . 
I want chocolate . 
Because every girl needs a little black dress , right ? C ; 
Mmmm I want some cake . :d 
Matt Parkman is in Lost !!! I wish he had his awesome Heroes abilities . 
" Babies ! You'll have so many babies ! 400 babies !! " 
Grrrr stupid WebAssign homework . I don't understand you . :[ 
' This is how it works 
You're young until you're not 
You love until you don't 
You try until you can't 
You laugh until you cry 
You cry until you laugh 
And everyone must breathe 
Until their dying breath . ' 
-- On The Radio by Regina Spektor 
<3 <3 <3 it . :] 
Dear Oliver , why do you love biting my eyelashes so much ? It's weird . Thanks . 
On the five episode of the first season of Lost ... Have to say , I'm a little bored . 
Where did I put my phone !? I used the fm transmitter in the car on the way home , so it's here somewhere ... stupid thing must be on silent . x.x 
I hate when I'm forced to make conversation with people I don't know when I'm obviously not making an effort to keep a conversation going . It's awkward ! 
Feeling so antisocial today . :P 
If I had a fire superpower , I'd totally use it to pop Jiffy Pop . 
Two minutes ... 
Corn maze tonight ? Who wants to go ? C : 
Dude . Golden Corral . This is happening . c : 
" Did you overuse your muse ? Can you borrow one from a friend ? " -- ' Advice ' by Jesse Ruben 
Love Pandora . It lets you listen and catch wind of music similar to your favorites that you fall in love with . 
Sushi lunch ? I'm thinking yes . b : 
Out of my first class early .. Get to wait another fifty minutes for my second one to start .. Bored ! Someone entertain me ? C : 
Thank you , textbook rental sites , for saving me so much money and stress . C : 
Four minutes ... 
Laura Carpenter surprised me last night by buying Rent for me on dvd . c : Looooove it . 
' A bag contains four red marbles and two green ones . Upon seeing the bag , Suzan ( who has compulsive marble-grabbing tendencies ) sticks her hand in and grabs three at random . Find the probability that she will get both green marbles . ' --- Hahaha . Glad to see even my math book has a sense of humor . C : 
Ooooooo ' louche . ' Haven't heard that word before , but I like it . C : 
I've got some Cash coming my way in a couple weeks .. Super excited . c : 
My hair's actually starting to look kind of long again ( about shoulder length) ! Woot ! It's only took over a year to get there from bob-style . Man my hair grows slow . x.x 
Three minutes ... 
First Skype date . <3 
C : 
Bought my plane ticket for Indiana in March ! And I get to go up sitting next to my sister , yay ! I've never flown with another person , before . cx Can't wait to see everyone ! 
Walton's night ! 
I will not kill my cat . I will not kill my cat . I will not kill my cat . x.x 
Happy . C : 
I have a new freckle on my foot . Hm . 
Got my new teal bedsheets ! Yay ! (: 
What to do , what to do ... -.- 
I love that you push the same buttons on your phone to text ' kiss ' as you do to text ' lips . ' 
Thanks everyone for your birthday wishes ! C : 
So Thursday at work someone else asked me if I had had a nose job ... That's the second time .. 
Fascination with my nose at work confuses me . x.x 
Fun doll makeup for work ! Yes ! c : 
Blaaah . Anyone want to do something ? My day off and all I've done is wake up late and sit around the house . dx Not fun . 
" I sometimes see you pass outside my door 
Hello ? Is it me you're looking for ? " -- Hello , Lionel Richie (/Glee Cast Version ) 
Mmmm suddenly I'm craving butter pecan ice cream . c ; 
I have such an urge to go camping in some woods right now . 
via Ileana Del Val -- ' Go to Google Maps and click ' Get Directions . ' Get directions leading from China to Taiwan , and look at instruction #55 . lmao xDD " 
Bahahahaha . xD 
Boring day . Off to school , soon . d : 
Heath Ledger , Johnny Depp , Jude Law , and Colin Farrell ? All playing the same guy ? The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus is weird ... but interesting . And very creative . I like it . C : 
Another Google funny ! 
Type in " Chuck Norris " and click " I'm Feeling Lucky . " 
Hahaha . xD 
Stress ! Blegh ! 
PS2 with Gabriel Oaxaca ! If we can find a two-player game .. And no , I'm not getting a PS3 . Poor people don't get PS3s . c : 
I got a one hundred on my presentation , and it's twenty-five percent of my total grade ! Win . C : 
" This minimergency kit for her contains 16 must-haves : lip balm , dental floss , breath freshener , emery board , clear nail polish , nail polish remover , hair spray , clear elastics , earring backs , stain remover , double-sided tape , mending kit , deodorant towelette , adhesive bandage , tampon , pain reliever . " 
How does all of that fit into a little bag about half the size of a can of coke ? 
Thanks Sonya ' Carpenter ' Stokes ! xD 
Isaac Mowgli Torres is my hero ! Yay for vanilla shakes at work ! C : ( Last night ... and it's still awesome . :D ) 
One minute ... 
There're a lot of songs on Nip/Tuck that they play at Old Navy ... Somehow this seems inappropriate ... 
Never realized that Gena Rowlands ( The Notebook , Skeleton Key ) was in Paulie . C : I love her . And Hallie Kate Eisenberg . She's freaking adorable . :D 
Going to donate blood in a bit . C : Yay for O- . 
I .... miss my sister . ]: 
Off to wait in line , woot . C : 
Not going to lie ; feeling a little lonely today . Hopefully work'll make it go away . c : 
He's going to be back soon . cc : 
So happy . 
And now I can't find my id , my birth certificate , OR my social security card . Fantastic . Maybe I won't be going to Indiana after all . :/ 
When I got home tonight Oliver wasn't waiting for me at the door , so I ran around the house for half an hour calling for him , thinking he'd run to me . When he didn't , I got scared he was outside and ran around the block looking for him with my parents . Found him two doors down after we had circled the block and then he bolted underneath the table on our patio . 
I was so scared . :[ But at least we found him . :] 
I need the right words . 
Movie : " I've got the cottage covered . " 
Gabriel Oaxaca : " I've got the cottage ... cheese ! Get it ? Because there're cameras ? " 
Me : " ... You're stupid . " 
xDD 
Blah ! d : 
Poor Oliver's getting neutered tomorrow ... He's not going to be happy . But at least he'll stop climbing the Christmas tree for a while . 
I have a lot of work to do ... 
" Stop killing trees , you hippie ! " " If he kills trees , he's not a hippie .. " " You tree terrorist ! " " He could be a lawyer . " " .... " " ... Lawyers use a lot of paper . " 
Gabriel Oaxaca : " The bullet grazed the side of his head again in the same spot ... Does it hurt more if you wound the same spot twice ? " 
Me : " I'd guess so , since it'd already be inflamed . " 
Gabe : " He's going to get shot , or tased ... " 
Me : " Or shot in the side of the head again . " 
Gabe : " Ah ! It hurts more because he's already been shot there ! " 
Popcorn ! C : 
My favorite ' Lost in Austen ' moment : 
Amanda Price ( to Darcy ): " Will you do something for me ? " 
Next scene shows Darcy walking out of a lake in a sheer white shirt ( similar to Colin Firth as Darcy ) . 
Hahaha love it . xD 
Mom : " She singed her fingernail . Not her hair , but her fingernail . " 
Sonya : " And it's on your funny thumb , too . " 
My parents heard a loud buzzing and thought a pipe had burst in the bathroom , so they ran around the house trying to find a fix ... Turns out my neutrogena face scrubber had just turned on and was vibrating on the bathtub floor ... Hahahaha . 
Me : " Why does she never answer her phone ..? " 
" Well does she get updates sent to her phone when you tweet her or facebook her ? " 
Me : " She gets my tweets ... but you know I could always just text her . " 
xD 
" I can predict the future ; I'm a psycho ! " ---- Angelica , Rugrats 
Dear Tuesday , 
Become Wednesday already . I get paid on Wednesdays . 
-Courtney 
Just bought City of Ashes ! C : Can't wait to start reading it , yay ! 
" F is for fire that burns down the whole town , U is for uranium ... bombs ! N is for no survivooors ! When your --- " 
" Plankton ! " 
I want to be a Disney Princess and one of the theme parks SO BAD . (: 
