feeling better 
oops 
Can't find som1 , why god , WHY ?!?!?!! D: 
Bracing for monday 
w8 , crap don't use that 
My school day was exhausting . and some1 carved stuff on my locker !!! 
they have the marble drink thingy at meijer , its under a different name , but by the same people , they have 4 flavors , blueberry , green apple , original , and strawberry ! 
feeling worse 
' cept the always evil part 
i agree 
finding certain person is taking forever ! 
* needs more people he actually knows on facebook to friend him , they know who they are . * 
look out for the bleh bleh bleh !!! 
Ow , poison ivy on five joints 
I fixed some flaws on my profile , two of them , if you know what they are good for you , if not , idk why in heck it was wrong there . 
i hate the newq layout , it is going to take forever to get familiar with this one 
the day they outlaw metal , I'll be an outlaw 
D: ( speechless on acount of sore throat ) 
happy/nervious about weekend !!! 
I just realized my class year was wrong ... crud ... i guess i had mayan calander on the brain 
without someone and hating every single - venom filled - moment 
for some reason , finally at peace with the whole , " Alone " thing , not sure if good or bad , mood = ? 
has anyone else noticed how websites are now getting " Buttons " ( hyperlinls ) to other websites like facebook/myspace/im-a-twit-er/digg , its like the websites are " Socially networking " 
hyper with anticipation !!! AAHHHH !!! :D 
i find myself wanting to sing along to angry music , but im not angry 0.0 
yeah avenged sevenfold songs ! 
made a giant snowman , a.d.d. moment , and some ice shaving later , ice crystal 4 feet tall ! 
i hate the add for , look buy our " Tactful omission " ! adds , or the REALLY inappropriate quiz adds 
any1 elsei should know cannot attend ? 
happy weekend peoplez !!!! 
had my teeth cleaned today , feels weird 
I am scared i have strep , i wouls say " AAAAAHHHHH !!!! " but it sounds like " bleeeh " 
btw , facets are three , sided , with four hexagonal ecxeptions , its snow , so ok ? 
meh . 
if I'm not sick tommorow , I'll eat my hat ( good thing i don't have a hat ) :P 
I love playlist.com when it works ! 
curse you , writer's BLOCK !!!! 
writer's block 
having writer's block while writing a paper for school , crap ! 
Is it because im a freak ? You don't have to answer . 
:( 
must study for president's quiz , if it drives me insane ... 
electric guitar cords FTW ! 
Yeah Metallica 
I <3 Metal 
fml 
bored as of ... now 
the usual feeling , for those of you that know , yeah , for those of u who don't , disregard 
I got my resized class ring in the mail not long ago , within 5 minutes . In order to express my emotions i will avoid emoticons , as they cheapen the communication of my feelings , i will therefore use a rare medium 

English 
I am elated . 
meh 
happy birthday to me ... :D 
thx 4 those of u who posted happy birthday 
