is still trying to understand facebook 
is back to facebook !!!!! 
is waiting on lunch ... then going to do some more acting ... im getting really good at , Robin really thinks i work hard lol ! 
is at work ... but learning how to use facebook ... im going to stick with it ! 
thanks again guys ... the birthday wishes mean alot ! 
i miss one day of work and the office becomes a mess ... oh the pleasure of working with men ! 
watchin some Football with my dad ! 
Collin Cowherd makes my ears bleed ! 
Is making baby Brooklyn's Guest book ! 
Is finally leaving work ! yaay me ! 
Thanks for the birthday wishes , Guys you are the best ! 
is hopin ' the Jeep can be fixed if not , maybe i'll be getting that BMW i've been wantin'! 
finally made it to work ... now what ???? 
Hey my father(Robin Geary ) is running for Mayor of Tracy City , So if yall live in the Tracy city city limits come out and Vote for him in April ! thanks ! 
I'm at mom's and am not getting much done today ! 
its cold , its friday and im bored with no plans for tonight :( 
hopes it snows a foot deep this weekend ! 
happy birthday to Jeremy and Traci ! 
what happen to the warm weather ???!!! 
I'm gonna miss that smile . I'm gonna miss my friend . Even though it hurts the way it ended up I'd do it all again , so play it sweet N heaven cause thats right where U wanna B . I'm not cryin cause I feel so sorry 4 U , I'm cryin 4 me . ( Toby Keith ) 
I think it just finally hit me ! I'll never see my daddy again , oh God i'll miss him so much ! Dear Lord take good care of him ... he is a good one ! 
Nashville commissions office has said that ROBIN GEARY can still be voted in as MAYOR of TRACY CITY ... PLEASE CAST YOUR VOTE FOR MY DADDY !!! 
My daddy did it , my daddy did it ! My dad ( The late Robin Geary Sr. as of 34 days ago ) was voted THE NEW MAYOR OF TRACY CITY , thanks to all the beautiful people of Tracy City !!! I love u all !!! and congrats to Kevin Meeks , Little Michael Price , Dewayne Burrows and Larry Phipps , our new alderman !!! 
Is thinking of something witty to put here but im all out of ideas today ! 
Is feeling a little better so maybe I can get some sleep now ! 
So mom backed into a car last night at Darly's Pizza ... it's busted out her tale light and messed up the paint on the passenger side AGAIN !!! I really don't know how many more times Don is going to fix the paint before he just spays her and the car with rhino liner and sends them on their way lol . 
Now in Oklahoma !!! 
The sun is out and so should I ! 
Father's Day is approaching .. Yellow roses grow in heaven , Lord pick a bunch for me . Place them in my daddy's hands and tell him they're from me . Tell him that I love and miss him . When he turns to smile , place a kiss upon his cheek & hold him for awhile , because remembering him is easy , I do it every day . There's an ache in my heart that will never go away ... If your Dad is in Heaven , copy & paste this 
Got Robin's flowers for Father's Day yesterday ... waiting on them to be delivered today ... I think it would make him proud to know that I went with guy colors and not PINK lol ... I could talk him into almost anything but the color PINK , I tried painting the office PINK , tried ordering PINK shrits and hats , and tried to get him to buy a PINK 18 wheeler and he just wouldn't have it lol ... Good times and great memories !!! 
THOUGHT FOR THE DAY : never tell someone " everything happens for a reason " unless you can back it with the information that its either for the bad or the good . If you cant give that kinda information to go with the saying then dont say it at all , because it becomes a pointless statement and an endless waiting game . 
Ronnie dunn just walked on stage ... hell yeah !!! 
is going off the mnt . then back home to swim , swim , swim , swim , and swim :) 
Think , think , think . It will hurt like hell at first , but you will get used to it . -Barbara Castle , British politician . 
Well she want's to be the queen 
And she thinks about her scene 
Well she wants to live her life 
And she thinks about her life 
Pulls her hair back and she screams , 
" I don't really want to be the queen ! 
I , I don't really want to be the queen ! 
I , I don't really want to live this ... " 
... all U folks think I've got my price , at which I'll sell all that is mine . U think money rules when all else fails , go sell ur soul and keep ur shell . I'm trying to protect what I keep inside , all the reasons Y I live my life ... 
I have a great idea for Stephen King's next book , " her hair is outta control " , I swear my hair is doing si-fi things these days ! 
I need a hair cut and i dont know if i should do bangs or not !!! 
Its saturday and im at work ! 
It would be really nice if i could find my glasses !!! Oh where have i set them down at ? 
I need more neighbors on YOVILLE so help me please !!! 
Little bit of waylon , whole lot of motown , might sound a little bit funky but hey ya'll , thats my kinda country !!! :) 
yaaaaaaaaaaaaay me finally got some pix . up more to come ! 
Went house hunting in Beersheba Springs , no luck . 
JUST A THOUGHT : If Barbra Brock is so bent on beautifying Tracy City then maybe she should start with the removal of the ugly green bathtub in her front yard ! VOTE ROBIN GEARY for Mayor of Tracy City April 13 , 2010 ! 
I'm so unhappy with verizon right now I cant see stright ! 
" The will of God will never take you where the Grace of God will not protect you . " Today was the 1st holiday without Robin and it was so sad ... but we made it ! 
Just rolled back into town :) 
didn't get any sleep last night ... why oh why do I worry soooo much ?! 
Its Saturday , its 6am , and i have been at work for two hours already ..... blah ! 
Words wont help to heal what hurts you ... The truth becomes so clear I can't go back this time . = = = sUgArLaNd = = = 
counted the stars on the 4th of july wishing they were rockets bursting N2 the sky , talkin bout redemption & leavin things behind ... I have these pictures & I keep these photographs 2 remind me of a time ... these pictures & these photographs let me know i'm doin fine ... I just thank the Lord pictures don't fade , I spent time with an angel just passing through , now all thats left is this image of U ... 
There is a Horse show in Tracy City , behind the old fair grounds , Saturday May 1st starting at 6:00 pm . I hope to see everyone there ! 
I am not some peoples personal ATM !!!! 
Stayed in Monteagle Last night , and woke up to find that someone had been under the house and the security lights were turned off from the outside :( ! I really wanna know what I have done to make someone torment my life away ! 
Tomorrow is Tracy City's Election , Hope to see everyone there ! Remember if U don't want Brock you have to VOTE in NEW ALDERPERSONS to ! VOTE ROBIN GEARY MAYOR OF TRACY CITY ! 
Oh Mr. Sunshine where have you gone ? Now you know your're not playin ' fair , you know I can't take another rainy day . I've had my ups but now they all seem to be downs , oh Mr. sunshine where have you gone ? 
Just made it into arkansas :p 
Oh things are sweeter in TENNESSEE ! 
Is at her first day of work ! :( 
Is home from work and to sleepy to do anything but sleep !!! 
There R many people N this county who choose not 2 vote & yet voice their opinion on how it should be ran & by who . Just a reminder if U don't vote U give up the right 2 have a political opinion . By the way the stunt pulled over Lonnie Cleek & Brent Myers at a little known store N Tracy was very tacky & childish ... I think we all know these men will come running 2 protect us no matter the out come of this election ! 
Its sad when u ride through this small little town and see that there are more cars at the local bar than at the local stores ... and people wonder why Grundy is a poor county . 
Lollipop Lollipop 
Oh Lolli Lolli Lolli 
oh Lolli Lolli Lolli 
Lollipop * POP * 
Oh how nice it feels to have time to fix my hair and put make-up on ... this new job does not make me feel pretty at all :( 
Its May 4th , that means its voting time in Grundy ! GO VOTE ! 
I am super worried about my brother's hearing ... anyone that can have the T.V. that loud and sit right on top of it has to have something wrong with their ears ! I really wish he would go to the doctor ... it would make me feel better ! 
... Lord I never complain I never ask why but please don't let my dreams run dry ... 
There is a prayer intended 2give strength 2ppl faced w/circumstances they don’t want 2accept . The power of the prayer comes from it's insight N2human nature . Because so many of us rage against the hand that life has dealt us . Because so many of us give N2despair when faced w/an impossible choice . The good news 4those who utter these words is that God will hear U & answer UR prayer . TheBadNewsIsThatSometimesTheAnswerIsNo . 
So my little brother joshua , dropped the bomb on my mother and I this morning ... he is joining the Military tomorrow . I should be happy for him but im not , I don't want him to go away in any form or fashion ! 
Finally got an answer about my computer ... its going to cost 200.00 to fix it and all my pictures are GONE :( all my Robin pix gone :( 
ok never mind , mom let my dog out ... got go find her ! 
Andy west is such a good police officer :) 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes . You guys are the best !!!!!!!! 
I dont know who Jerry is but he has pissed me off and when I get pissed off that pisses a bunch more off ... so good luck to Jerry !!! 
I can't believe my camara messed up right before the concert started last night ... but oh well thats the story of my life ! 
got the verizon thing fixed , now going to watch some netflix ! 
Surgery went well last night ... I'll know if I'm cancer cell free in three weeks so keep your fingers cross !!! But other than that I'm back to the same old me !! 
ok so here is the problem with letting my mother log into my facebook to farmville for me : I have about 50 unread messages that are over a month old and I didn't know that I had them :( so guys if you message me on here and I Don't reply i'm not being a stuck up I just didn't know I had new messages . 
Is getting ready for my road trip :) 
Have you ever wished for an endless night ? Lassoed the moon and the stars and pulled that rope tight . Have you ever held your breath and asked yourself will it ever get better than tonight ? PINK : Glitter In the Air 
Thought 4 the day : Everybody in this community has something to hide . U know how difficult it is to hide anything in a small commuity . Everybody knows everybody else's business , but u don't know all of it . So this makes for a very paranoid place . 
Is home from the horse show ... now time for some sleep !!! 
Im on my way out west :) 
Is going swimming :D 
Is getting things ready for the BIG weekend .... soooooooo much to do ! 
Thinkin ' back when things went my way and not the road I'm on . well , I've been down a time ot two , but never lasted long . I can always make it through on a wing and a prayer and a song . Ain't it funny how a melody can bring back a memory , take you to another place in time completely change your frame of mind ! :D 
All i wanted to do today is go swimming ... its seems like im never going to get back home . 
I am never later , nor am I ever early . I arrive precisly when I mean to . 
Mom and I are going to watch Tyler T from Tennessee play some football tonight ! GO GRUNDY JACKETS ! 
Just when I think there is a small chance of everything being ok ... I get smacked N the face again by the 1 person who should B done hurting me . I miss Robin !!! 
I've heard thats it's possible to grow up . I've just never met anyone who has actually done it . W/O parents to defy , we break the rules we make for ourselves . We throw tantrums when things don't go our way . We whisper secrets with our best friends in the dark . We look for comfort where we can find it . And we hope against all logic , against all experience . Like Childern we never give up hope . 
Much to my dismay , my laundry did not sort , wash , dry , and put its self away . You would think after the long talk we had this morning that it would have done as I had asked . Yes , I'm the psycho who has full on conversations with inadament objects . 
Back to the pool !!! 
I'm diving in 
I'm going deep 
In over my head I wanna be 
Caught in the rush 
Lost in the flow 
In over my head I wanna go 
The river's deep 
The river's wide 
The river's water is alive 
So sink or swim 
Steven Curtis Chapman 
Sometimes we have to remember that the most important history is the history we are making today . 
This is day 3 without a computer .... I wanna scream !!! 
I keep waiting for you to forgive me 
and you keep saying you can't even start 
and I feel like a stone you have picked up and thrown 
to the hard rock bottom of your heart 
to the hard rock bottom of your heart ! 
Randy Travis :) 
Its a little past 2am and there is no going back to sleep for me ... lovely ... NOT ! 
Is off to the St. Jude horse show :) 
Lord have you forgotten me I've been prayin ' to you faithfully 
I'm not saying I'm a righteous man but Lord I hope you understand 
I don't need fortune and I don't need fame 
Send down the thunder Lord send down the rain 
But when you're planning just how it will be plan a good day for me 
Lord I hope this day is good ... DON WILLIAMS ' Lord , I hope this day is good . ' 
Is home from the poker run ... as always didn't win but had a blast !!! 
I have already been at work 4 hours :( 
Clinton : I believe that life is for living , don't you ? Sebastien : It's difficult to know what else one could do with it . -Noel coward , Nude with Violin 
And its going to rain on top of that :( 
I've heard there are troubles of more than one kind . Some come from ahead and some come from behind . But I've brought a bat . I'm all ready you see . Now my troubles are going to have troubles with me :) By the Greatest auther of all time Dr. Seuss ! 
When will this summer heat end ?!?!?!?!?!?! 
Katie P . You're always on my mind . So u have sorrow now , but i'll will see u again & ur hearts will rejoice , & no 1 will take ur joy from you . John 16:22 
My aunt Tina is so rockin ' Facebook now ;) 
Your as smooth as Tennessee whiskey . 
This time tomorrow i'll be in Nashville jammin ' with REBA & GEORGE !!! 
Like sands thru the hourglass , so are the Days of Our Lives ; ) 
Hey how is cullen ? Im working at toyo ... i tried to reply the other day but dropped my phone and it wouldnt work after that . 
I think i want a job with the county , all they do is ride up and down the road all day lol . 
Im going to bed ! 
Dont smoke too much , drink too much , eat too much , or work too much . We're all on the road to the grave , but there's no need to be in the passing lane . 
Blahhhhhhh ! Thursday , Im begging you to go by fast ! 
Is looking forward 2 goin 2 work 2morrow :) havin a job has been a big help gettin me back 2 my ol self ! Ive smiled more n the last 3 wks than n the last 2 yrs . 
I think i'll make Tracy's post master cry today ... lucky guy huh ? 
Just got back from Blake and Felicia's wedding ... very very pretty ! Congratulations guys ! 
Monday is almost here , which means back to work :( 
While all my friends were out doing only Lord knows what this weekend , I've been @ home on the computer looking at " bad welds " ... not fun at all ! But I'm the type of person who has 2 know my job inside & out , 99.99% just wont do , it has 2 be 100.00% all the way . The good news is not only am I learning good & bad welds but what makes ' em good & bad ... w/all this information I'll end up driving everyone crazy @ Toyo ;) 
That shouldnt have went there . 
Did you ever stop to think , and forget to start again ? 
-Winnie the Pooh 
This time change makes me feel late for work and i really do not like that feeling ! 
Its another manic Monday . Oh how i wish it were Sunday , cause thats my fun day ... 
Happy birthday to Tyler Curtis ! 
One more DAY of work then its time for some GEORGE and REBA and I cant forget TRACI !!! 
Learned something new about myself an hour ago ... MRIs make me cry !!! Now time for some Chinese , it always makes me feel better ! 
Good morning everyone !!! 
I'm waitting on a phone call I know I'll never get . Robin always called me when the weather got bad cause he knew how much I HATE storms . I miss my Robin !!! 
I just ordered the greatest HOT PINK with SPARKELS guitar strap ever ;) 
I would Like to thank Doris Duncan and Tammy Byers on the Vitamin E tip they gave me last saturday . I've been using it for a week now and it seems to be helping with scars ! Thank you ladies , Lots of love ! 
In all the world you'll never find a love as true as mine ... yep its been a Pure Country night ! Sorry ladies George is mine !!! 
I'm so happy for me ... I haven't bit my nails in days and days !!!! 
Im so glad that it is Friday ! 
Don't wonder Y people go crazy , Wonder Y they dont . N the face of all we lose N a day , N an instant ... Wonder what the hell it is that makes us hold it 2gether . 
Inside a memory from the past lives every love that didnt last sweet dreams can start to fade real fast inside a memory of the past : Pocket of A Clown . 
Went to Chattanooga today and bought a pair of Beverley Hills Polo club shoes for $ 14.99 ... anyone who knows what BHPC are they know I got a deal of a life time today ... it will never happen again !!! 
yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah its friday ... No wait I have to be at work at 4am tomorrow why do I care if its Friday :( 
Please keep Landon and Blake in your prayers tonight !!! 
I would like to thank everyone for the birthday wishes I got yesterday , you guys are so so so AWESOME ! 
Rivers know this : there is no hurry . We shall all get there some day . 
Im so glad that it is FRIDAY ! Im pretty so i cant handle another day here in hell ... 
... Hitched a ride with the wind and since he was my friend 
I just let him decide where we'd go 
When a flower grows wild , it can always survive 
Wildflowers don't care where they grow . 
Sick and tired of being sick and tired . 
Everything around you's growin ' old . 
The days drag on , the nights last forever , 
Every day's tougher just to keep it together . 
Forget everything you've ever known , 
Except for home . 

Home is where the heart is : 
That's what somebody once said . ( Yeah . ) 
I think your heart is where your love is : 
All the rest baby , the rest it's all in your head . 
4AM = 350 LH CUSHIONS AND 350 RH CUSHIONS = 700 CUSHIONS = 30100 WELDS ... AND TO DO IT ALL OVER AGAIN TOMORROW ... BLAAAAAHHHHH !!!! 
Don't you wanna stay here a little while ? 
Don't you wanna hold each other tight ? 
Don't you wanna fall asleep with me tonight ? 
We can make forever feel this way , 
Don't you wanna stay ? 
Let's take it slow I don't want to move too fast , 
I don't wanna just make love , I wanna make love last , 
When your on this high , its a sad goodbye . 
Jason Aldean & Kelly Clarkson 
Two more days of work , oh my ! Two more more days of work , oh my ! Two more days of work , oh my ! Then eleven wonderful days off , yay !!! 
Going out tonight and who knows if i'll ever come back !!! 
oh now feel it comin ' back again 
like a rollin ' thunder chasing the wind 
forces pullin ' from the center of the earth again 
I can feel it . 
is so ready for summer ... did some ridin this weekend and can't wait to get back into the full swing of it ! 
so over the weekend I learned that people really will come into your house doors locked or not and Monteagle police really isnt much help . Glad to know that I have to wait for county to come save me just because of the side of the road I live on ! maybe if there is a next time i'll be home and they can take me to ! 
so what do I do now ? 
I wanna thank everyone for there kind words and support in my time of need ! U guys mean so much to me ... I love each and everyone of you dearly ! 
