Hi ian 
I've roaming around , I was looking down at all Isee painted faces fill the places I can't reach You know that I could use somebody ...... Someone like you <<< use somebody by Kings Of Leon >>> 
Where all think alike , no one thinks very much . - Walter Lippmann 
Ian ya me deje de morder las unias !! ya me crecieron ! oye I miss you muchisimo ! :( 
I wonder if other dogs think poodles are members of a weird religious cult . 
COLDPLAY .... WOwowWOWO ! The caoncert was awesome !! 
When you try your best but you don't succeed . When you get what you want but not what you need . When you feel so tired but can't sleep . Stuck in reverse . And the tears come streaming down your face . When you lose something you can't replace . When you love someone but it goes to waste . Could it be worse ?......... Fix You ( C0 ! dP ! @y ) 
Roger Federer def Andy Roddick 5-7 7-6 7-6 3-6 16-14 and wins Wimblendon for his 15th grand slam tittle 
No one means all he says , and yet very few say all they mean , for words are slippery and thought is viscous . - Henry Adams 
:( 
Maybe true love is a decision . You know , a decision to take a chance with somebody . To give to somebody . Without worrying wether they'll give anything back . Or if they're gonna hurt you , or if they really are the one . Maybe love isn't something that happens to you . Maybe it's something you have to choose . -Jacks ( Love and Other Disasters ) 
For most men life is a search for the proper manila envelope in which to get themselves filed . - Clifton Fadiman 
If I could drop dead right now , I'd be the happiest ( wo)man alive . - Samuel Goldwyn 
sometimes what you're after is not your fault 
" My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive with our frail and feeble mind . " Albert Einstein 
We are born charming , fresh and spontaneous and must be civilized before we are fit to participate in society . Judith Martin 
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves . - Carl Jung 
It's a lot like nature . You only have as many animals as the ecosystem can support and you only have as many friends as you can tolerate the bitching of . - Randy K . Milholland This is a funny quote ... lol 
Solid Mechanics hmwk !! aagghh ... headache ! 
I know who I am . No one else knows who I am . If I was a giraffe , and someone said I was a snake , I'd think , no , actually I'm a giraffe . - Richard Gere 
Love and Other Disasters 
Im so upset ..!!!! agh I cannot believe Federer lost to martin del potro !!! ... diantres 
xdi's portfolio salio bien :) 
It is much harder to judge yourself than to judge others . If you succeed in judging yourself , it's because you're truly a wise man . -Antoine Saint-Exupery 
I wanted you to know that Ilove the way you laugh .... i wanna hold high and steal your pain away ... because I'm broken when I'm lonesome and I don't feel right when you're gone away ..... --- Broken by Seether --- 
People don't realize this , but loneliness is underrated . 
Green Leaf Insect 
LoS KrAmelOs No SIeMpre Son DUlCes 
soi transparent me pueds oler muy bn , dsd q me precnto no tngo q hablar para darm a ntndr ; mis ojos t lo dicn todo , mi bok arruia lo q pienso , sabras q s lo q siento con solo tokr mi piel . No tngo voz para dcirlo x eso vngo i t lo scribo .... nunk e tnido la furia d 1 leon siempre tomando l kmino corto como l m nsenio ... no tngo voz para drclo x eso vngo i t lo scribo ..... e dshonrrado a mis principios 
We are born charming , fresh and spontaneous and must be civilized before we are fit to participate in society . Judith Martin 
There is nothing worse than aggressive stupidity . - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe 
I've been looking so long at these pictures of you that I almost belive that they're real I've been living so long with my pictures of you that I almost believe that the pictures are all i can feel -Pictures of you by The Cure 
U2/Muse concert was amazing .. but it could have been better .... Xdi you should have been there with me .! 
colour my life with the chaos of trouble . 
Dreaming permits each and every one of us to be quietly and safely insane every night of our lives . - William Dement 
just finished my solid mechanics homewok !! man it was hard 
Fall Break ! 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day 
I don't know the key to success , but the key to failure is trying to please everybody . - Bill Cosby 
Why won't you talk to me ?? why ? :( 
back .. and im going to sleep !! yay 
We are at the very beginning of time for the human race . It is not unreasonable that we grapple with problems . But there are tens of thousands of years in the future . Our responsibility is to do what we can , learn what we can , improve the solutions , and pass them on . - Richard Feynman 
Poisson's ratio , modulus of elasticity and modulus of rigidity ..... agghh !! 
Dropped my cellphone and it got f***ed up !! so if i said i was gonna call you and didnt ... that is the reason why 
“Have courage for the great sorrows of life and patience for the small ones ; and when you have laboriously accomplished your daily task , go to sleep in peace . God is awake . ” Victor Hugo quotes 
Good judgment comes from experience , and experience comes from bad judgment . - Barry LePatner 
to the airport !! 
por los q se llevan la luz en rojo ... una tecate por ti lol .. :P 
Me VOi A HEcHAR Un CoyOtItO !! 
Quelqu'un m'a dit by Carla Bruni 
Knowledge is power , if you know it about the right person . - Ethel Mumford 
I've made a lot of choices Most have not been wise But I have some really good friends I've been fortunate enough to find They get throught the lonely days When I want to stay inside myself They get me out of my shell Out into the world -Hold Your Head High- By Heartless Bastards 
Ya llegue de DC 
BioE Family Bonding time !! yeah 
are you happy ??... yes of course ... no i mean when everyone else goes home ... 
I've made a lot of choices . Most have not been wise . But I have some really good friends . I've been fortunate enough to find . They get throught the lonely days . When I want to stay inside myself . They get me out of my shell . Out into the world . -Hold Your Head High- By Heartless Bastards 
House : " Figures you'd try and come up with a solution where no one gets hurt . The problem is , the world doesn't work that way just ' cause you want it to . " Cameron : " Figures you'd stall and refuse to deal with the issue . Problem is , the world doesn't go away just because you want it to . " 
why is it so difficult for a friend to just be a friend and nothing else ?? why isn't friendship enough ? aggghhh :( .... im about to lose all hope in humanity !! well they little bit that was left 
I know what I know , I know . On the car ride down , I hear it in my head real low . Turn into the only thing I ever turn into , I hope I do , turn into you . 
Finishing up my Microbiology Lab Reports !! yay fun !! agghhh who am i kidding this is gonna take long :( 
Knowledge is power , if you know it about the right person . - Ethel Mumford 
Most human beings have an almost infinite capacity for taking things for granted . - Aldous Huxley 
Tengo Hambre !!! thats wt's on my mind !! 
You think that the only truth that matters is the truth that can be measured . Good intentions dont count , whats in your heart doesnt count , caring doesnt count , that a man's life cant be measured by how many tears are shed when he dies . It's because you can't measure them . It's because you don't want to measure them . Doesn't mean it's not real . You're miserable for nothing I don't know why you'd want to live . House 
You think that the only truth that matters is the truth that can be measured . Good intentions don't count , what's in your heart doesn't count , caring doesn't count , that a man's life can't be measured by how many tears are shed when he dies . It's because you can't measure them . It's because you don't want to measure them . Doesn't mean it's not real . 
Laplace Transform and Cauchy-Euler Equation . and Mohr's Circle for Plane Stress 
http://everobotics.org/projects/robo-magellan/img/UnitCircle.gif 
ok ppl got to go ... i have a test that i need to study for .!! wish me luck 
I want food !! 
mmm ... tengo q estudiar pero no quiero 
No one really listens to anyone else , and if you try it for a while you'll see why . - Mignon McLaughlin 
Encontre mi encendedor yay !! pense q ya lo habia perdido . 
Bye bye NC I will miss my wonderful friends . I love you all and I wish you a extra merry christmas and a even happier new year . So Cali here I come 
I think Im gonna get sick :( 
Differential Equations test tomorrow @ 8am . !! finally this is my last final ! :) 
When you say it's gonna happen now , Well , when exactly do you mean ? See I've already waited too long And all my hope is gone -How soon is now ?? by The Smiths 
Differential Equiations test tomorrow at 10 am and Bernoulli's equation is giving me headache :( .. help ! 
Everyone is very different but at the end of the day we are all the same people . 
Mechanics of Materials ch . 6 Homework !! yay !! im almost done ... just one more and i can go home ..!! 
talking about when the remedy its worst than the illness 
Listen to me ! for what i am thus and thus . Do not , above all , confound me with what I am not ! Friedrich Nietzsche 
talking about when the remedy its worst than the medicine 
... Every acquisition , every step foward in knowledge is the result of courage , of severity towards oneself ... - Friedrich Nietzsche 
... Every acquisition , every step foward in knowledge is the result of courage , of severity towards oneself , of cleanliness with respect to oneself ... - Friedrich Nietzsche 
HAPPY NEW YEAR !!! :) 
About to go to the SD Airport to pick up my cusin .. ahhah !! im so excited I cant believe im finally gonna see her after god knows how long !!! im super happy !! :) 
PErRO Q nO dFIend su HuESo ... Ni pRro eS .!!! 
i ia c akbaron las vakcions !!! ahhh d regreso a clacs va a ser muy dificil pro are mi mjor sfuerzo !! sta dspdida me sab agridulc .... stoi feliz x voler a ver a mis amig @s pro aki djo a la personita q mas quiero y no c cuando la uelva a ver .. :( ... 
you : sorry I had to google it ... me : but i told you the same thing a thousand times ... you : i just wanted options ... me : i can't believe you trust google more than me :( ... Adilene Lopez 
..... 
I need the book for CAAE 334 or Eng . Mechanics Dynamics 11th edition , if anyone has it please let me know 
It is better to know some of the questions than all of the answers . - James Thurber 
its only 10:08 and im already tired ... agghh ... this energy and sustainability class is gonna kill me 
finally my classes are working !! yay !... i have classes back to back but its ok . 
agh ... no fair first day and i already have 50 questions due . 
i lo q io quiero es a black sheep 
If you love someone set them free , and if you have to stalk them they were problably not for you in the first place . 
There are twenty years to go . A golden age I know . But all will pass , will end to fast , you know . There are twenty years to go , And many friends I hope . Though some may hold the rose some hold the rope . YOu aRe The TRutH NoT i . 
Figures you'd stall and refuse to deal with the issue . Problem is , the world doesn't go away just because you want it to . " 
Ya NO Me iMPorta NAda .. d Nda ! Y ia Me KnC ... agh 
jsjsdjdkjdnjdiiaidjdjdjskdjlasknj 
A bittersweet longing for things , persons , or situations of the past . 
Done with classes for today . Now time to read some molecular biology 
these are hard times for dreamers ...... 
New Course , Americanos : Latinos in the U.S. ( Flier , word doc ) http://mail.google.com/mail/?ui=2&ik=e29c8fe1c5&view=att&th=124114ac7d3d4b19&attid=0.1&disp=attd&zw 
A lavar mi ropa !!! i know i know its late ... pero ps it has to be done ... ahhh no quiero 
SAINTS !!! 31-17 woooo !! 
Crisantemi by G . Puccini 
At a certain part in your life . Probably when too much of it has gone by . You will open your eyes and see yourself for who you are . Especially for everything that made you so different from all the awful normals . And you will say to yourself , " But I am this person . " And in that statement , that correction , there will be a kind of love . ( Phoebe in wonderland ) 
matlab = aburrimiento total ..... ya no aguanto mas .... ya quiero salir de aki es una tortura !! 
ok so its official ... I lost my phone .... :( buuu 
for some random oddity of destiny or whatever i cant find my cell phone ... if anyone .... finds it please ... please ... pretty please give it back :'( 
At a certain point in your life . Probably when too much of it has gone by . You will open your eyes and see yourself for who you are . Especially for everything that made you so different from all the awful normals . And you will say to yourself , " But I am this person . " And in that statement , there will be a kind of love 
I want to hear drums and my hearts a drum . I guess we never know what to become . Well i didnt know that this was such a problem . It's gonna get better when we solve them ..... Shout Out Louds- 
Noooo waaayyy she is like the blond terminator !!!! Lol 
sooo ... mr so&so are we having class or not ?? .... you know wt im going home .. 
F-V 
Yay finally got my phone back ^_^ now i just need everybody's number .... so can i have your number ? please ! 
weird 
So I heard it's no good to run , but it feels so much better now that it's done and tonight I have to leave it . 
nothing ever changes 
I wont say anything if you don't say anything 
xdi where are you ?? 
..... movie/moving/night 
Marjorie where are you ??? i'm in McNair in the student lounge ... i have your stuff so come and get it ... lol .. no si seriously ... o si no me lo como yop 
NOs vamos a ver Band of Horses !! yeah ^_^ 
xD !!! 
:) had an awesome day , a family lunch , a lovely evening and lots of fun . now im going to sleep !! Adilene Lopez Eduard Regalado Elvyn Morales-Perez @Familia 
me lleva la .... 
Homework ! 
good times = Marina Rincon Bermudez Tamara Makhlouf 
i wish you were here ...!! 
nothing to hide ... nothing to prove ... 
GuitarHero Evening !!! Marina Rincon Bermudez Alfredo Pedro Marjorie Manzanares 
I've made a lot of choices most have not been wise , but i have some really good friends I've been fortunate to find ; They get me through the lonely days when I want to stay inside myself , they get me out of my shell , out into the world ... 
It's not denial . I'm just selective about the reality I accept . Bill Watterson 
The weather is perfect here !! :) 
Entiendo que no puedo suplicarle una vez más . Pero nada se detiene . Solo vivo para ti . Dame solo un beso que me alcance hasta morir . Como un vicio que me duele . Quiero mirarte a los ojos --- Luna-Zoe-Reptilectric Revisitado(Hello Seahorse ! ) 
just had a very enriching and mind opening conversation.it really made my night !!! Marina Rincon Bermudez Adilene Lopez Ma . guadalupe Perez Suarez 
i give up !! :( 
Saturday 
to die by your side is such a heavenly way to die !! 
Why is a raven like a writing desk ? 
stuck in the library :( 
Oh - once in your life you find someone . Who will turn your world around . Bring you up when you're feelin ' down . Ya - nothin ' could change what you mean to me . Oh there's lots that I could say .... 
marjorie : that is the lamest excuse in the book ... i know bc i use it all the time !! me : hahahaha but true 
A moment , A love , A dream , Aloud , A kiss , A cry , Our rights , Our wrongs , A moment . 
Entiendo que no puedo suplicarle una vez más . Pero nada se detiene . Solo vivo para ti . Dame solo un besoque me alcance hasta morir . Como un vicio que me duele . Quiero mirarte a los ojos .... Luna-Zoe 
dynamics .... dynamics .... dynamics 
aghhh !!! tengo una hambre de perro callejero !!! la panza ya se me pega a el espinazo !! jajaja :P 
ya no tengo hambre !! :) 
THank YOu to everybody for the Birthday wishes !! You are all woderful people and I loe you all !! Gracias a todos por los buenos deceos en mi cumple ! de vdd gracias 
I became insane , with long intervals of horrible sanity . Edgar Allan Poe 
Amphibians 
this memories will fade away and die .... just for today .... breathe me and say goodbye ... tururu ... ( happy you are gone-placebo ) 
Chapter 5- DNA Replication , Repair , and Recombination ^_^ ... lets learn something new about DNA 
finally getting a phone tomorrow !! ^_^ 
ok moving on 
fidelity 
if God has a master plan that only he understands I hope is your eyes he is seeing through 
at the park 
Keep him and us in your prayers . I know that now he's an angel in heaven , but I miss you and always will baby bro . I Love You Roland Benjamin Sierra ( 09/09/1999 -- 02/19/2011 ) 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3sPhrU-5Rwg 
Keep him and us in your prayers . I know that now he's an angel in heaven , but I miss you and always will baby bro . I Love You Roland Benjamin Sierra ( 01/09/1999 -- 02/19/2011 ) 
Never thought that not having you here would hurt so much and every night that I miss you I can just look up and know that the stars are holding you tonight . Roland B Sierra I Love You Baby Bro 
The Sierra's Family Reunion 
Did Ronando just said I'm gonna suicide myself ? 
The Kids Are Alright 
Back in Greensboro ... not so cool 
when you love somebody it's hard to think about anything but to breathe . 
sin los truenos ... los rayos ... y las estrellas ... Martin Gomez 
things get damaged , things get broken 
You only live once , but if you do it right , once is enough . 
Mae West 
:D 
we continue in the light of new evidence 
continue in the light of new evidence 
we will never sleep because sleep is for the weak . BMTH 
counting the stars 
aun hay mas tiempo 
Me hago fuego y me vuelvo a consumir . 
let's go to Zombie Town 
peritos are the cutes things ever and the best part is that i have a really cute perito :D 
up 
He who believes in freedom of the will has never loved and never hated . 
Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach 
mini road trip w my bff 
home sweet home 
hopeless scream 
Queen City 
Djokovic !!! 
With the Brother <3 
lunch with el Martincillo :D 
It's safe to say everyone is doing it !! 
In the cold air of the morning I'm saying good night ... 
Blueberry , Pineapple&Strawberry 
I'm Ready !!!!!!!! Nal Uhnee , Adilene Lopez 
nothing can take you away from me ... nothing can tear us apart ... it might be elaborated fantasy but it's a start ... 
bye bye UNC ... :) 
encontre algo de inspiracion 
Who the fuck is Justin Bieber ? 
-Ozzy Osbourne 
nerves !!! 
y valio madres . mejor ni preocuparme 
Day Zero 
ya no hay vuelta atrás ... pero contenta 
night with my awesome friends ... new stories ... los tres amigos return 
" I'd rather live than live forever . " 
- The Comedown(BMTH ) 
faux hawk ? 
hey , be yourself that's all that you can do 
If sorrow could build a staircase .. our tears could show the way ... I would climb my way to heaven ... and bring him back home again . 
certain things are better left unsaid 
No Reservations 
I want to dance dance dance 
Su-Yeon is dead !!! ( A Tale of Two Sisters ) 
and I keep wishing you were here 
If only sorrow could build a staircase or tears could show the way , I would climb my way to heaven and bring you back home again . 010999021911 
Loose these shackles of pressure . Shake me out of these chains ... Man I need a release from this troublesome mind . 
When a thing is funny , search it carefully for a hidden truth . 
-George Bernard Shaw 
I miss you 
In joy and sorrow my home is in your arms 
my phone just had a near death experience . 
staring at broken clocks ... 2 months have gone by ... the hands don't turn anymore 
From sublime to ridiculousness there is only one step . 
" we do not inherit the earth from our ancestors ; we borrow it from our children " 
rrRrReEeeeddeeeeeereeeeeeeeeeeeeqqqqppqqpqqqqpqqpQqqqqpqpqpqpqpqqqqqqpqqqqqqqpqpqqqqpqqqqpqpqqqpqpqpqqqpqqqqqqpqqqppqqpqqqpqpqqqqqqqqqqqqpqqqqqqqpqpqqpqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqpqqqqqqqqqqq 
q 
qq 
qqqq 
qqpqq 
pq 
" We do not inherit the earth from our ancestors ; we borrow it from our children " 
-Native American Proverb 
always keep one foot on the ground . 
living just to breathe . 
I've been looking so long to this pictures of you that I almost believe that they're real 
SHPE Fund Raising NC A&T Engineering Bracelets for sale . buy 1 for $3 or 2 for $5 . McNair Lobby . 
sushi with the bro . Adi we missed you 
always online but never on fb 
In Gaby's anti-chemistry world . 
There is a light at each end of this tunnel 
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on . 
Winston Churchill 
" mizu no kokoro " 
Finals are all done now let's have some fun . Queen City baby !! @Adilene Lopez 
If I had a chance for another try , I wouldn't change a thing , it's made me all of who I am inside 
Congratulations to my awesome friends Jose Reyna and Ma . guadalupe Perez Suarez in their graduation from A&T now we get to call them Ingenieros !! Keep it up guys ... your success gives us hope that one day we will be Ingenieros too 
Love ' has nothing to do with what you are expecting to get - only with what you are expecting to give - which is everything . BLAHHH BLAHH BLAHHH AHH AH !! 
this is a cruel world for dreamers 
i'm being mexican and i'm celebrating mothers day tomorrow . i love my mommy very very much 
I've made a few changes but my feelings for you stay the same . Your smile , the sound of your voice and your laughter are always in my thoughts . But You my Sweet Angel ; you'll always be in my heart . 
why didn't they WARM us ?? uhh why ?? hahaha 
An Epic Fail is when you go ninja to make your way quietly into your room and you step on one of those dance/sing/light up toys . damn it !! 
null&viod instead of voices 
null&void instead of voices 
I think I just fell in love ... my Fluids Mechanics Professor is awesome <3 . <3 
Retro-Active 
purple is my new black 
Haha this brought tears to my eyes ! 

Bart , a woman is like a beer . They look good , they smell good , and you'd step over your own mother just to get one ! 
-Homer Simpson 
new beginning 
Sunny Sky's Homemade Ice Cream 
home with tsuki 
wishing a happy birthday to my amazing , awesome and dear cousin Joshua Anthony Redin . I love you very much . 
couldn't heaven wait ?. Oh my God !! I wish you were here . I miss you . 
_____ has long been a magnet for dreamers and misfits , people who think that the unsullied enormity of _____ will patch all the holes in their lives . 
Now it has left me blind . And in the dark I can hear your heartbeat , I tried to find the sound but then it stopped . I was left in the darkness so darkness I became . 
I am aware now that somethings will always be fine . 
The stars , the moon they have all been blown out ; you left me in the dark ... I was in the darkness so darkness I became . 
the road to the apocalypse is paved with disposable food containers my friends . 
Let me fly ; Man I need a release from this troublesome mind . 
I'm not looking for sweet talk I'm looking for time to top a tower and sleepwalk . You know it's going to hurt sometimes . 
TTKA !! Adilene Lopez 
I'm neurotic in the sense that I live in my world . I WIIL NOT adjust myself to the world . I am adjusted to myself . 
if I think of you I feel that this life is not fair . if I think of you and that face of yours . 
At 15 I knew the truth ; that I was born to fly . I've been never the sweet girl or apple of your eye ; never of anyone . Owner of everything , of the impossible and of the unreal . 
Grief is the price we pay for love . 
Sleep is a cousin of death . So don't close your eyes . Not yet 
Just made the most fantastic purchase of my life . I'm pretty satisfied with my life right now . Florence and the Machine 
I'm such a lucky gal . I have mega awesome friends that always help me in my times of need . thanks guys 
A falling star fell from your heart and landed in my eyes . 
Remember one thing may be we all could be free not with love but with your mind . 
sleep 
eyes&hearts 
I had to do it ... since everyone is doing it !! 
My letter is P 
Something I like = Pineapple 
Something I dislike = Papilio polyxenes ( by association ) 
Someone I like = Paul Van Dyk 
Someone I dislike = Paulina Rubio 
Something Bad = Pollution 
Like this and I might give you a letter :P 
The End is Near !! 
to die by your side is such a beautiful way to die . 
I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination . Imagination is more important than knowledge . Knowledge is limited . Imagination encircles the world . 
- Albert Einstein 
Today Packing ... Tomorrow San Diego . 
I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination . Imagination is more important than knowledge . Knowledge is limited . Imagination encircles the world . Albert Einstein 
escondido 
Escondido CA 
I just got here and I'm feeling a little homesick . I'm going to The San Diego County fair tomorrow may be that will change things . 
sunny 
If not now , When ? 
In the dark I can hear your heartbeat . 
-Queen Elizabeth II 
facts are the stitches that hold the fabric of existence together . 
Balboa Park tomorrow :D 
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself . 
Happy 4th of July . :D 
Learn to lose . Learn to win . Turn my face against the wind . 
oh holly wacamole !! disappointment is hard to take . 
230 years of Independence . Happy 4th of July everybody . 
The good die young ; because they see it's no use living if you've got to be good . 
Love is not always a light bulb ; sometimes is only a decision . True love is a process not an event . 
Beauty is there if you want it to be , wrapped up in everyday moments . 
" you know , I'm the type of person who hurts people who are mean to me . " - my uncle's little 10yr old neighbor . she's a dangerous little girl . 
sleepless nights . 
I almost had a heart attack . that game was intense . My heart was in my throat . URUGUAY !!! you guys did amazing . ohhh Happy Day 
Congratulations to the Japanese Women's Soccer Team !! Well done ladies !! ^_^ 
Our hearts are full of wonder , and our souls are deep with dreams . -Gipsy Proverb- 
For me , insanity is super sanity . The normal is psychotic . Normal means lack of imagination , lack of creativity . 
while you were watching out for the quiet one , it was the loud one who killed you . 
Heat Stroke 
Asking Alexandria 
You ask me about regret ? Let me tell you a few things about regret , my darling . There is no end to it . You cannot find the beginning of the chain that brought us from there to here . Should you regret the whole chain , and the air in between , or each link separately , as if you could uncouple them ? Do you regret the beginning which ended so badly , or just the ending itself ? 
" We have to live our lives as if we are dying of a fatal disease . Because we are . " 
Guys are idiots ... they need to f-ing figure their shit out and then they can talk to a girl . not all the way around . Don't they see that they can hurt someone who has nothing to do with their piece of shit past relationship . Damn you all ( ok may be not all but some of you are just beyond fucked up ) I'm so in my HS mode 
Playing in the river is fun and so are totally unplanned roadtrips with the bff Adilene Lopez 
In the shadow of your heart 
Well life has a funny way of sneaking up on you , When you think everything's okay and everything's going right , And life has a funny way of helping you out when you think everything's gone wrong and everything blows up in your face 
A 15 year old girl holds hands with her 1 year old son . People call her a slut , no one knows she was raped at 13 . 
People call another guy fat . No one knows he has a serious disease causing him to be overweight . 
People call an old man ugly . No one knew he had a serious injury to his face while fighting for our country in the war . 
Re-post this if you are against bullying and stereotypes . I bet 98 % won't 
Our hearts are full of wonder & Our souls are deep with dreams 
Sticks and stones 
May break my bones 
But words will never hurt me . 
Should we regret the beginning which ended so badly , or just the ending itself ? 
" We all want to die like movie stars " you said as you jumped from the height of our cutting room floor . 
While above us glowing , exploding , our dreams burst forth in light in death . 
Hold me and tell me , 
" We'll burn like stars . We'll burn as we fall . Watch as the city lights DANCE FOR US ! " 
the true and inner me 
Everyone loves Raymond . Great show :D 
" Have no fear of moving into the unknown ... knowing that I am with you " Pope John Paul II 
We stare at broken clocks , the hands don't turn anymore , the days turn into nights empty hearts and empty places . ( The day I lost him I slowly lost part of my self too . ) I love you and I miss you more than anyone can ever imagine . 
Optimism : The doctrine , or belief , that everything is beautiful , including what is ugly , everything good , especially the bad , and everything right that is wrong . 
Ambrose Bierce 
Every night I miss you I can just look up and know that the stars are holding you . 
the days feel like years since you've been gone . I miss you 
" Have no fear of moving into the unknown . Simply step out fearlessly knowing that I am with you , therefore no harm can befall you ; all is very , very well . Do this in complete faith and confidence . " 
-Pope John Paul II 
A dream ( that was ) lost , forgotten , and then dead . 
my kitty doesn't like ice cream :( 
the emptiness will haunt you 
Reptilectric No Me Arrepiento de NADA !! 
i just don't know how to start !! 
Place this cat and dog on your wall to show that you are against animal cruelty and for " Susie's Law " 
.... / \„,„/\........// ^ ^\\ 
... ( =';'= ) ....... (/ (_•_) \) 
... / *??* \........._/''*'' \_ 
. (.|.|..|.|.) ....... (,,,) ^ (,,,) 
Don't part with your illusions . When they are gone you may still exist , but you have ceased to live . 
Mark Twain 
A I U E O 
127 
I must become a lion hearted girl ... ready to fight 
They never tell you there's strength in vulnerability ; they only tell you not to cry 
I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with sense , reason and intellect has intended us to forget their use . 
Galileo Galilei 
We can say that joy is path dependent , therefore joy is not a state function . Dr. Basti ( PChem ) 
there's a train living town in an hour , is not waiting for you and neither am I . 
" p " 
Paper wings 
What does not kill me makes me stronger . 
Friedrich Nietzsche 
5 sec rule 
Good luck doesn't happen to people like us . Good luck happens to Madonna . 
FUBAR 
If you were to ask me about my regrets ? I would tell you a few things about regret , my darling . There is no end to it . You cannot find the beginning of the chain that brought us from there to here . Should you regret the whole chain , and the air in between , or each link separately , as if you could uncouple them ? Do you regret the beginning which ended so badly , or just the ending itself ? 
" f.u.b.a.r " i dont know what it is but it sounds like such a terrible thing to be . ( Dear Lemon Lima ) 
I will always remember you . You are always in my heart and that will never change . All those little things that made you unique and all those little moments that seemed meaningless at the time are my most treasured and precious memories now . I love you and we'll always be together little brother always . 
Sometimes I'm afraid of the dark ; I can't find the light in my heart ... but if I was fearless could I be your reckless friend . 
mi mami me ama y me quiere mucho a pesar de mis herrores y mis defectos gracias mami 
Victims and Heroes of 9/11 you'll never be forgotten 
x = y 
I depart as air—I shake my white locks at the runaway sun ..... 
I bequeathe myself to the dirt , to grow from the grass I love ; 
If you want me again , look for me under your boot-soles ...... 
You will hardly know who I am , or what I mean ..... 
Failing to fetch me at first , keep encouraged ; 
Missing me one place , search another ; 
I stop somewhere , waiting for you . 
And you'll live on in my grieving heart until the day that I ( we ) depart . 
The Joys of Physical Chemistry 
I bequeath myself to the dirt , to grow from the grass I love ; 
Failing to fetch me at first , keep encouraged ; 
Missing me one place , search another ; 
pig racing 
Oh the good old days . FV with the bros . 
We all carry these things , 
Inside that no one else can see . 
They hold us down like anchors . 
They drown us out at sea . 
I look up to the sky . 
There may be nothing there to see . 
But if I don't believe in him , 
Why would he believe in me ? 
This will all end up one day , I'll let go of all my fears and I won't have any regrets . 
I'm tired , really tired 
blah 
SHPE NoCATE will be at the Organization's showcase tomorrow friday 20th from 5pm-8pm . Stop by to say hi and get some information , also any member that wants to help out at the booth is welcome to come and show some aggie and SHPE pride !!! 
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on . Winston Churchill 
snow day = chilling with the friends .... we are going russian 
having some sexy sushi .... because is hot ... get it ?? lol 
Believe ... that life can change , that you are not stuck in vain ... the impossible is possible tonight .... believe in me as i believe in you .... tonight . 
i never thought i would say this but the proposal is such an awesome movie ... is soooo romantic ... <3 
I can't get it to run :( 
movie night w my bestie Ian !! <3 .. planet 51 ! 
Jeux D'enfants . 
Jeux D'enfants 
oops !! I got to class and hr earlier ... i totally forgot that my class starts at 10 ... what a fail o.O 
Don't know where to begin :/ 
Armin Van Buuren Tonight !! 
Renaissance 
AlWaYs oNe FoOt On ThE gRoUnD , aNd By PrOtEcTiNg My HeArT tRuLy , I gOt LoSt In ThE sOuNdS . 
old lies die hard , old habits die harder . 
this is not ceci ! 
il mondo è un vampiro mandato per dissanguare l'sogni 
one too many mornings !! 
Nocturnal 
There will be no white flag above my door 
Sushi yummy yummy in my tummy :D 
Monday 
Im just here for the free wifi !! 
Oh .. but you don't know what love is ... you just do as you're told .... THe wHIte STriPEs 
i'm learning to fly but i ain't got wings 
blank 
we can all be free ... may be not with words but with your mind . 
back from Atlanta ... now back to reality 
MeJoR DiME Q No RsPiRe !!! 
Hello , good morning , how ya do ? What makes your rising sun so new ? I could use a fresh beginning too All of my regrets are nothing new ... 
SHPE members remember that the Multicultural Student Center open house is tomorrow from 1pm-4pm , SHPE will have a table and also we will be giving presentations , so please come out and support SHPE 
Got an interview ^_^ 
killing time 
Dixie Classic Fair = awesome ice cream :) 
what comes is better than what came before 
NETHERLANDS !! That was close 
if you can't remember , try to feel the beat 
I'm going back to start .... reset 
ok I see so you are like master Yoda and I'm like a Jedi . 
eL Krma si xcist & c las cobra bn sabroxo !! 
VaMos A ver El Partidoohh .... las Super AgUiLas Del AmeriK Vs . Las cabritas PerdedoRAs ... jaja XD .. Marina Rincon Bermudez 
SHPE NRP <3 
ilovedtoday ... iknowthatprobablynobodygivesashhhh .... butihadtoshare ! 
Which painting in the National Gallery would I save if there was a fire ? The one nearest the door of course . haha 
SHPE at NCAT is hosting a info Session for Central Intelligence Agency on September 16th in LR1 from 7:00 - 9:00 pm . 
super agente secreto ;) 
I swear I've lived and learned . 
To mistrust science and deny the validity of the scientific method is to resign your job as a human . You'd better go look for work as a plant or wild animal . 
P.J. O'Rourke 
let it slide , let your troubles fall behind you let it shine until you feel it all around you and i don't mind if it's me you need to turn to we'll get by , it's the heart that really matters in the end 
Doing without outdoing is the Tao of the wise . 
el puma ... if you know what i mean Adilene Lopez ... lol 
" The best kind of friend is the kind you can sit on aporch swing with , never say a word , and then walk awayfeeling like it was the best conversation you've ever had . " -Taken from Mansoor Pasha 
It is much harder to judge yourself than to judge others . If you succeed in judging yourself , it's because you're truly a wise man . -Antoine Saint-Exupery 
At a certain part in your life . Probably when too much of it has gone by . You will open your eyes and see yourself for who you are . Especially for everything that made you so different from all the awful normals . And you will say to yourself , " But I am this person . " And in that statement , that correction , there will be a kind of love . -Miss Dodger , Phoebe in Wonderland 
RaH-rAh-aH-aH-Ah , ROma RoMa-Ma GaGa oOH La lA wANt yOur BaD roMaNcE !!! 
trapped in amber ... petrified 
??? ?? ?? ?? ?? ??????? ?? ???? ????? ?? ?? 
tHis TimE BaBY I'LL Be BullEt PrOoF 
hoy saldre por la noche !! uiiii !! xD 
SHREK 3D :) 
y cuando te me acercas se accelera mi motor , me da fiebre , me ago fuego y me vuelvo a consumir ....... che per quegli occhi dolci posso solo stare male .... ora dipenderò sempre dalla tua allegria 
I say what I mean and I mean what I say 
thunder/lighting/rain/wind/ 
Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano 
SHPE Elections today at 5:00 pm in Murphy Hall ( MSC ) 
I'm going back to the start 
good times for a chance see , the luck i've had can make a good ( wo)man turn bad ... so please please please , let me let me let me , let me get what i want . 
In every corner there is a chance .. 
I am aware now that everything is gonna be fine for me ... :D 
True words aren't charming , charming words aren't true . 
Lao-Tsu 
Look at me . Look at me . Let all the cares and sorrows of this world fall away from you ... I am Dina . Watching her beloved drifting away . Am I condemned to this forever ? I am the mothers ' eye , which sees the child , which sees myself . I am Dina , who sees . 
Marley&Me ... great movie 
Make it a rule of life never to regret and never to look back . Regret is an appalling waste of energy ; you can't build on it ; it's only good for wallowing in . 
the emotion , it was electric and the stars , they all aligned , i knew i had to make my decision but i never made the time , no , i never made the time . 
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it . 
Margaret Thatcher 
ANythiNg TO mAke YoU sMiLE 
He's just not that into you ! 
when your bark is worse that your bite ... 
You spent half of your life trying to fall behind 
You're using your headphones to drown out your mind 
silvery sleds !... 
EnTIeNdo Q No PueDO SuPliKrL 1 Vz + pRO c DtIenE SolO ViVi PAra ti . DaM SolO 1 BSo Q m AlkanC AstA MoriR . Como 1 ViCio Q Me DuElE . QuIEro MirARt A lOs OjoS . i CuANdO t M ACRks C AClEra Mi MotoR , Me Da FieBR , ME AgO FUegO i mE VuelVO A ConSuMIr . LUNa No Me AbAnDonS + . TIeNDO A ReCupRarM n La CuNa D tUS CrAtEreS . 
Oh reckless abandon ... like no one is watching you ... 
... when you have eliminated the impossible , whatever remains , however improbable , must be the truth 
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 
Jaired Epps lol :P 
Some people feel like they don't deserve love . They walk away quietly into empty spaces , trying to close the gaps of the past . 
??? 
una noche horrible ! :( 
Like a neckless chicken ... D: 
y quien me lleva ... ps la q me trajo ... ashhh ... ya me kiero dormir ... pro ps nomas no puedo ... el problema va ser levantarme maniana .... shinnnggaaaoohhh ... ps a contar objitas q mas ... y toros y vaks y a hasta q acab con la granja ... :/ 
when a heart breaks no it don't break even 
facebook hates me !! :( 
When a heart breaks no it don't break even 
and if am nothing to you ... just let me know and cut me loose 
I don't want to move a thing it might change my memory 
at the end we will only remember how it feels 
El Clon 
if you only knew how many times i counted all the words that went wrong . 
When your chips are down when your highs are low joy ride move across the night like a seperate wind 
You can always rely on the " y " .... be hip with SHPE Brigitte Morales , 
Mario Abelardo Ruiz and Rafael Cajigas 
thats love my friend ... thats love . Adilene Lopez 
I would love the Netherlands to win they are just so much better 
I'm going back to the start ... reset 
quiero chillar !! no encuentro mi ipod !! ;'( aggghhhhhh ( grito desesperado ) sniff sniff 
it's like forgetting the words to your favorite song , you can't believe it , you were always singing along . 
watching the exorcism of Emily Rose O.o O: -_- :'( .... and im home alone 
Theres a grasshopper in my room D: 
buahahhahahhah el hippo es mio !!! 
How do you feel ? That is the question ... How much is real ?? 
you don't wanna mess with me tonight . :P girls time !!! ( BAC ) 
I need to fall deeply in love like I have with music or may be music is all I need =) ... 
then is the breaks for the designer fakes , we need to concentrate in more than meets the eye . 
ugly duckling 
hey im gonna laugh at this one day ... 
There are many ways of breaking a heart . Stories were full of hearts broken by love , but what really broke a heart was taking away its dream - whatever that dream might be . 
Pearl S . Buck 
just don't get carried away Sherlock Adilene Lopez 
Life is nothing but a dream 
All that we see or hear is but a dream within a dream 
How do you feel that is the question ?? How much is real ? 
SHPE's Introductory Dinner is on !!! :D 
I just got a remainder that nice and good people still exist in this world ... Thank you to Mr Friendly Stranger for teaching me this by giving my phone back !! :) 
One final stands between me and complete happiness . the good thing is that by 10:00 am I'll be officially done with this semester !! 
the quest to get my phone back has begun ..!! 
921521 Bleu Brillant 
It's really upsetting to have lost my cellphone for like the millionth time now ... 
omg they stab chicken nuggets with sharpies ... these are bad people ...!! hahahaha 
happy 9th birthday Alex . <3 
Nessuno è solo 
cheese enchilada 
cant concentrate !! :( 
There is no such thing as coincidences in this world . There is only the inevitable . 
La verdad no nos hace libres . Puedo decirte que te quiero tantas veces como seas capaz de escucharlo , pero eso solo nos recordará ... que con el amor no basta 
when hearts break no they don't break even 
Having a bonita tarde with my bestie Adilene Lopez . :) 
To acknowledge the presence of fear is to give birth to failure . 
Katherine Mansfield 
??? ??? ?? ? ?????????... ? ??? ?? ???????? ??? ??? ??? ?? ?? ?????? ????? 
runaways 
:P 
wishing i could go back in time ... 
Always forgive your enemies , nothing annoys them so much . 
Oscar Wilde 
Freedom is not worth having if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes . 
Mahatma Gandhi 
Now they call me Jimmy 
Dismantle&Repair 
Awake but still I'm dreaming And never waking up Alone ... Where I'm not alone 
To leave without saying why 
disconnect and self-destruct ... one at the time ... 
We're born alone , we live alone , we die alone . Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone . 
Hitorijime 
( - ? CIRCLES ? + ) 
Ask her if by the way would you like to run away and try to forget 
Just not to stay ... To leave without saying why 
not everyday is gonna suck 
por q la suerte de la fea ... la bonita la desea ... jaja .. jk .. actually I'm not that lucky .. haha 
let's have picnic !! cake and soda what else can you ask for @ Adilene Lopez 
The greatest mistake you can make is to be continually fearing you will make one . 
Elbert Hubbard 
N/A 
Nature never deceives us ; it is we who deceive ourselves . Jean-Jacques Rousseau 
I need a new beginning ... seriously thinking about leaving to SD next semester .... UCSD La Jolla perhaps ?? 
Maybe true love is a decision . You know , a decision to take a chance with somebody . To give to somebody . Without worrying wether they'll give anything back . Or if they're gonna hurt you , or if they really are the one . Maybe love isn't something that happens to you . Maybe it's something you have to choose 
" In this world there are no coincidences . There can only be the inevitable . " 
SHPE Madness 
was it the cure ? shellshock ... 
everybody lies 
forever young ... i wanna be forever young 
OMG Xdi is DAncing To the Soy RebelDe TuNe !! o.O 
About to spend the night in the library :D .... i <3 ChEn/BioEn 
What are you gonna do when all breaks down . Take another heart through this lonely town ? What are you gonna do when she turns around ? 
Bubble-point pressure calc . /Raoult's Law+Antoine's Equation/ :'( 
... 
if there is no silver foil covering the access code , it may have been redeemed , and therefore may no longer be valid . 
pensando en pajaritos preÑados Kerwin Z . Vargas 
Xavi !! 
Finally all done with the NILA case study !!! yay ... they liked our video !!! no they loved it ... " Y " 
92023-92024 
At the gym ... this is going to hurt D: 
sleepy 
At a certain part in your life . Probably when too much of it has gone by . You will open your eyes and see yourself for who you are . Especially for everything that made you so different from all the awful normals . And you will say to yourself , " But I am this person . " And in that statement , that correction , there will be a kind of love 
SHPE is the Source for Quality Hispanic Engineers and Technical Talent 
I seriously need some peace and silence ... I want to sleep !!! Why won't this noise let us ?? Adilene Lopez 
aghghhghghhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
Live with no regrets 
super secret agent ^_^ 
The Moon is Down .... Explosions in the Sky ... 
Making some brownies yum !! :) 
" The World is Yours " 
BAd KidZ aLL My FrIenDs Are BAd KIdz ... JusT Like YoU and ME ... Adilene Lopez 
Bad kiDs alL mY friENds ARe BaD KidS .... XD 
SHPE introductory dinner at the student union ( Stallings Ballroom ) at 5:00 pm . Come and learn more about SHPE at NCAT . 
Make a wish !! 
life is such a beautiful thing 
what a good day !! 
Time falls away but these small hours ... these little wonders still remain . 
I dont want you to leave !!! 
In Dallas Tx . 
Wow for a moment i thought i was going to be late !!!.... NILA 2010 rocks my socks hehe xD 
First Snow of the Season 
Wow ... that was wayyy to close ... the netherlands need to score soon 
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL 
figures you'd stall and refuse to deal with the issue . Problem is , the world doesn't go away just because you want it to . 
find your own hole to crawl into , mine is full 
early morning conversations w an awesome bff are super cool and promote personal growth 
La Furia Roja !!! 
wrist-cutters 
artsy movement 
Tacos de huitlacoche 
BEARS !!!!!!!!!!!!!! COME ON !!!!!!! 
the fear is growing old . 
all my friends are living saints .... woohohohoh !! 
what i really meant to say is , i'm sorry for the way i am . 
nessun dorma ... aghh ... no more coffee for me ... well may be just another cup ... 
Cinncinati SHPE National Conference 
cherimoya punch .. kaboom !! xD 
WARPED TOUR !!! 
We are so vain that we even care for the opinion of those we don't care for . 
6th floor madness 
Ole !! 
I think I just drank my weight in sweet tea . 
Case Study Presentations Today at NILA , good luck everybody !! and GO " Y " we got this !! 
odio il lavoro di CHEN 200 in sabato D: 
NETHERLANDS !! 
i wish i was there ( 92023/92024 ) 
NO FEAR !! 
my bff is a weirdo ... D: 
my friends are so awesome 
Truth is more of a stranger than fiction . 
super !!! 
SHPE meeting went awesome ... thanks everybody that attended ... your enthusiasm makes me want to keep working even harder to make this the best year of SHPE @ NCAT 
Precious and fragile things need special handling .... Angels with silver wings shouldn't know suffering . 
Today we came to the resolution that Angelina Jolie might have a sexy face but she has the ass of a frog . 
somebody shoot me ... i am in matlab class ... two hrs of sleep and class @8 : 00am is not a good mix . :/ 
Smile even though your heart is aching , smile even though is breaking . When there are clouds in the sky , you'll get by , if you smile through your fear and sorrow 
Smile and maybe tomorrow , You'll see the sun come shining through for you 
Elephants Never Forget 
made it home in one piece 
Interview with Altria today ^_^ 
Fuera de mí perdida en otro rumbo sin necesidad de volver 
Solté los lazos que me atan dejando huellas que pisan fuera de mí . 
If A is a success in life , then A equals x plus y plus z . Work is x ; y is play ; and z is keeping your mouth shut . 
Albert Einstein 
Another log day of school :D 
in charlotte . ( anberlin/circa survive concert ) with the crew 
ayyy pero si el interes tiene pies verdad ??? lol Adilene Lopez 
Everything in life that we really accept undergoes a change . So suffering must become Love . That is the mystery . 
SHPE will be hosting an Info Session for the C.I.A tomorrow thursday september 16th from 7pm-9pm in Lecture Room 1 in McNair 
al fin y al cabo son solo palabras , que no dicen nada 
que llamen a los bomberos !!!... hahahaha .... XD ... Adilene Lopez 
Science cannot solve the ultimate mystery of nature . And that is because , in the last analysis , we ourselves are part of nature and therefore part of the mystery that we are trying to solve . 
Max Planck 
No sueño = No sleep 
coffee break w Adi and Nalinee 
Im so happy !! :D 
fun 
Run away from all your boredom 
Run away from all your whoredom and wave 
Your worries , and cares , goodbye 
All it takes is one decision 
A lot of guts , a little vision to wave 
Your worries , and cares goodbye 
don't go and leave me and please don't drive me blind ... 
we need to concentrate in more than meets the eye ... 
Wristcutters-A love story 
It is unwise to be too sure of one's own wisdom . It is healthy to be reminded that the strongest might weaken and the wisest might err . 
lost in the sound 
CAROLINAS ' SUBREGIONAL RETREAT : This will take place this Saturday , August 28th at the facilities of NCSU . It is very important for all EBoard members to attend . There will be two parts for this retreat , the first is an informational session from 1-5pm which is mainly intended for all EBoard members , and as final event a social which is open to all members . Please encourage as many members from your chapter to attend . 
Esaul Contreras she her self said it npt me " i have to admit this one but dont tell anybody i said it ? the msn for mac ? is freaking retarded and sucks .... and its old ... and ancient ... and all that ? bad stuff " jst making it public :) D Esaul Contreras 
Giving up smoking is the easiest thing in the world . I know because I've done it thousands of times . 
A man is never more truthful than when he acknowledges himself a liar . 
Got an awesome haircut with the besties :) Adilene Lopez & Maria Perez .... i love my girls <3 and their new haircuts too 
Using headphones to drown out my mind 
Di notte quando il cielo brilla ma non c ' è luce né una stella ricorderò la paura che , che bagnava i miei occhi ma dimenticarti non era possibile . 
Headache 
XD 
If you loved someone , you couldn’t let lies come between you . No matter what happened - even if you’d already lost each other forever - you owed each other the truth 
regrets are better left unspoken 
I don't think I've mastered anything . I'm still wrestling with the same frustrations , the same issues , the same problems as I always did . That's what life is like . 
somewhere only i know 
Soulmates NeVer DiE .... Adilene Lopez , Esaul Contreras , Martin Gomez 
high five !! 
C.I.A. INFO SESSION TONIGHT IN LECTURE ROOM 1 MACNAIR HALL FROM 7-9 , HOSTED BY SHPE NOCATE CHAPTER 
SHPE at NCAT is hosting an info Session for Central Intelligence Agency on September 16th in LR1 from 7:00 - 9:00 pm , and we need the support of all our members . Also our first general body meeting is Sep 8th from 5-6 in murphy hall if you are interested in attending the conference attend the meeting since we want to have an idea of how many people want to go . 
what the funnel-cake ?? _Iml Esaul Contreras 
im so freaking out ... organic chem exam ... i hope i get this stuff right ... :/ 
I am cool , green , misty , and thirst quenching :P 
BECHTEL CORPORATION will be having an INFORMATIVE SESSION & DINNER hosted by The Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers , October 21st from 7:00 pm- 8:30 pm in McNair Hall LECTURE ROOM 
Don't ask me any questions ... I won't answer them >:P 
Happy Birthday Mommy . I Love You <3 . Can't wait to eat that cake ;) 
che anche se non valgo niente perlomeno a te ti permetto di sognare e se hai voglia di lasciarti camminare 
We can all be free 
Maybe not with words 
Maybe not with a look 
But with your mind 
SHPE general body meeting today at 5:00 in the student union downstairs in the commuter center . 
? TAO the way 
? TE the strength/virtue 
? CHING the scripture 
Darkness within darkness . The gate to all mystery . 
Lao-Tzu 
SHPE General Body Meeting Today at the Commuter Student Center ( Union Basement ) 4:00 pm .. se yaa there 
quiero cinnamon rolls !!!! somebody bring me some , bluford library in the basement 
those days seem to be so distant ... that now i don't know if it was all a dream ... 
Noche Latina today at the student union exibit hall . 
luna no me abandones mas 
Talent hits a target no one else can hit ; Genius hits a target no one else can see . 
I survived my first workout , I think I deserve a cookie :) 
my best memories that will last a lifetime are w you guys Adilene Lopez Esaul Contreras Maria Perez Martin Gomez , this is in alphabetical order , not who i love the most 
And so , all ended well for both Horton and Who's , and for all in the jungle , even kangaroos . So let that be a lesson to one and to all ; a person is a person , no matter how small . 
Please go away and don't ever come back 
She tried to suicide herself ... inside joke 
tengo antojo jajajaja 
oh take me anywhere anywhere i don't care 
THANK YOU EVERYONE THAT REMEMBERED MY BIRTHDAY !!! I WAS REALLY NICE TO SEE ALL OF YOUR COMMENTS POSTED .... YOU ARE SO AWESOME GUYS !! NO DOUBT THAT I AM SUPER LUCKY TO HAVE MET YOU ALL . 
GRACIAS A TODOS LOS QUE RECORDARON MI CUMPLE . ME DIO MUCHO GUSTO VER SUS MENSAJES . 
parece chucky resurrectado . haha ni jesus sabia como hacerla . Milasada 
can a heart still break once it has stopped beating ? 
y la chona ..... Maria Perez & Adilene Lopez .. lol 
He's Just Not That Into You ... 
Getting ready for the SHPE meeting :D 
Thank You ... Esaul Contreras , Martin Gomez , Adilene Lopez , Maria Perez , Ma . guadalupe Perez Suarez , Jose Reyna . :D :) 
First Final Of The Week :/ 
olvida el pasado .. vive el presente y mira hacia el futuro ! 
Ale Del Angel 
wristcutters ... 
a love story 
where is it ?? 
Bechtel's Info Session hosted by The Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers(SHPE ) was a complete success :) 
Luke Skywalker 
Always forgive your enemies - nothing annoys them so much . 
Oscar Wilde 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BELOVED AND AWESOME BROTHER , I LOVE YOU SOOOOO MUCH <3 , I can't wait to see you this weekend and give you a big hug !! Johnathan Sierra 
If you were a flower , I would be your sweet honey bee ... 
Ya niver mis Animes me pone de buen humor >:( 
school !!! 
y matame por que me muero ... lol ... Adilene Lopez/ Cecilia Sierra/ James D'Arcy 
WDGAF .... Right Boys Johnathan Sierra , Joshua Redinho 
Oprah Winfrey in her infinite wisdom said to us : " Often we don't even realize who we're meant to be because we're so busy trying to live out someone else's ideas . But other people and their opinions hold no power in defining our destiny . " 
Thank you Oprah I would be lost w/o you 
Monty Python and The Holy Grial 
I had an amazing weekend . I pretty much spent it hanging out with my brothers . and btw happy 12th bday to my baby bro Roland 
Volt-O & Rock-O are having a great time in the snow !!! They just love winter and especially snowy days . 
Anberlin&Circa Survive Jan . 15th at Amos ' Southend :D 
I have a jealous knee 
new phone number folks 
Trying to register for classes can be really difficult when some of the classes you want and have to take are not offered during the spring ... that sucks 
NEvsNYJ 
Yay !! I back in the party cubicle !!! I love studying (¬¬) 
I am always right !!! Frandy Andujar 
Hello !! Are you with me ? ( x ? ) 
Dr Harp 
Hanging out with the bff , the bro and the cuz ..... Life is Good 
Got the tickets pals 
ok back to my old number 336 267 8156 
QK (/: /) --/--< 
8o'clock classes are the best 
what does that mean ?? 
finally going to bed 
Anberlin/Circa Survive Jan 15th-Alesana/Escape the Fate Feb 01st ..... ohhh the happiness :D 
Life is full of shh .... surprises 
today kinda sucks ... i want some free time to do nothing 
now he's known as Dr Contreras Esaul Contreras 
To live is the rarest thing in the world . Most people exist , that is all . 
Who lives in a pineapple under the sea ? 
don't apologize I'm losing what I don't deserve 
Making important decisions that will change my life forever 
LETS CELEBRATE !!!! CHINESE NEW YEAR W THE PEEPS !!! Nal Uhnee , Adilene Lopez 
4g baby 
fun w the pals 
STEEEEEEEELLLLLLEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRSSSSSSSSSSSSS 
BONES !!! 
spent an awesome , fun , extreme zumba/yoga evening/night with Adi and Nal . I laughed my head off . Girls we got to do it again 
SRMTG 
I need evidence 
don't call me , don't write to me ... this picture will remind me of you 
there is a light that never goes out ... to die by your side is such a beautiful to die ... and in the darken underpass i thought oh God my chance has come at last but then a strange feeling griped me and i just couldn't ask . 
The Smiths-There is a Light that Never Goes Out ( The ultimate love song ) 
sabah : a love story 
we just do what we can . 
Hiroshi Suda arruino mi momento de entretenimiento :'( 
- ? CIRCLES ? + 
STEELERS 
Hating people is like burning down your own house to get rid of a rat . ~ Henry Emerson Fosdick 
I rock therefore I am . lol 
Saosin was AWeSome !! 
Sanity is a cozy lie .!! Susan Sontag 
And we don't know . Just where our bones will rest . To dust I guess . Forgotten and absorbed into the earth below . 1979-Smashing Pumpkins 
