not feelin too good :( 
?? ---- Put this ---??--- ?? --- On Your ---??--- ?? --- status ---??--- ?? --- ? f ??? ? n ?? ----??- ?? ---- ????? n ? -----???----- ??? ??? or ----??- ?? ---- ??? ?? d ---??--- ?? --- Cancer ? I PRAY for the cure of cancer . 93% won't copy and paste this ... will YOU ????? 
It's raining !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! heck yes ! it's about time 
Need to find a job so I can get the hell away from this house 
Thank you to all who wished me a happy Birthday an/ or celbrated it with me :) 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazies ... they love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . Repost if u have ... one true friend . They will know who they are 
is not too thrilled about this 17 hour drive from vegas to washoagal , washington 
Government final was suppper easy 
A politician sees his family everyday ; a deployed soldier once in 6months . A politician flies 1st class ; a soldier flies in a C130 . A politician's pension is not reduced ; a soldier's is clawed 65% . A politician enjoys an expense account ; a soldier must justify extra rations . A politician vows to defend their country ... a soldier ACTUALLY keeps that promise . REPOST IF YOU SUPPORT OUR TROOPS Bless our Soldiers 
So i tell my mom that I'm going to do what my advisor suggest for college and her response is " Oh I see , maybe your advisor can support you too . " WTF :( 
The paradox of our time in history is that we buy more , but enjoy it less . We love too seldom , and hate too often . We've learned how to make a living , bt not a life ; we've added years to life , but not life to years . We've been all the way to the moon and back , but have trouble crossing the street to meet the new neighbor . we've cleaned up the air , but polluted the soul ; we've split the atom , but not our prejudice . 
Lindsay Lohan , 24 , is in the news because she's a sleazy celebrity 
drugaddict . While Justin Allen , 23 , Brett Linley , 29 , Matthew Weikert , 
29 , Justus Bartett , 27 , Dave Santos , 21 , Chase Stanley , 21 , Jesse Reed , 
26 , Matthew Johnson , 21 , Zachary Fisher , 24 , Brandon King , 23 , 
Christopher Goeke , 23 , and Sheldon Tate , 27 are all Marines that gave 
their lives this week , no media mention . Honor THEM by reposting 
IT'S BROTHERS WEEK ... If you have a brother who has made you laugh , Stuck up for you , Drove you crazy , Hugged you , Watched you succeed , Saw you fail , Picked you back up , Cheered you on , Made you strong , and can't do without ... Copy and paste this to your status ..... I have the best brother in the world 
I am an UN-APOLOGETIC AMERICAN !! I pledge allegiance to the flag of the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA , and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one nation under GOD , indivisible , with LIBERTY and JUSTICE for all !! I grew up reciting this every morning in school . We no longer do that for ... fear ... of OFFENDING SOMEONE !! Let's see how many AMERICANS will re-post this & not care about offending someone .. 
Please copy andpaste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected bysomeone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in theface affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someonewho deserves a punch in the face , except a punch in the face , but we ......... can raise awaren ... ess ... 93% of people won't repost this . They need apunch in the face too ! 
Be more concerned with your character than your reputation because your character is what you really are while your reputation is merely what others think of you . 
Charlie Sheen , 47 is all over the news because he's a celebrity drug addict . While Andrew Wilfahrt 31 , Brian Tabada 21 , Rudolph Hizon 22 , Chauncey Mays 25 , are soldiers who gave their lives this week with no media mention . Please honor them by posting this as your status for a little while . May they rest in peace . 
A normal person has 1,000 wishes . A SOLDIER has only one , to come home safe . I know 97% of you won't post this as your status . In honor of someone that died , a wounded warrior , or who is fighting for your freedom , please re-post this in their honor . This also goes for all who are in the Service , that ...... they come home safe each night , and home safe from afar 
A 15 year old girl holds hands with her 1 year old son . People call her a slut . N o-o ne knows she was raped at 13 . -- People call a girl fat . N o-o ne knows she has a serious disease which causes her to be over weight . -- People call an old man ugly . N o-o ne knows he had a serious injury to his face while fighting for our country in the war . Re post this if you are against bullying and stereotyping . 95% of you won't 
I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND TO THE REPUBLIC FOR WHICH IT STANDS , ONE NATION UNDER GOD , INDIVISIBLE , WITH LIBERTY AND JUSTICE FOR ALL ! 

MY GENERATION GREW UP RECITING THIS EVERY MORNING IN SCHOOL WITH MY HAND ON MY HEART . THEY NO LONGER DO THAT FOR FEAR OF OFFENDING SOMEONE ! 
LET'S SEE HOW MANY AMERICANS WILL RE-POST THIS AND NOT CARE ABOUT OFFENDING SOMEONE 
In America - The Homeless go without eating . 
In America - The Elderly go without needed medicines . 
In America - The Mentally ill go without treatment . 
In America - Our Troops go without proper equipment . 
In America - Our Veterans go without benefits they were promised . 
Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first . 
1% will re-post , 99% won't have the balls 
3 surgeons are discussing who makes the best patients to operate on . 
The 1st surgeon said , " Electricians are the best , everything inside is color coded . " 
The 2nd surgeon says , " No , I think librarians are , everything inside them is in alphabetical order " 
The 3rd surgeon shut them up when he said : " You're all wrong . Politicians are the easiest to operate on . There's no guts , no heart , no balls , no brains , and no spine . Plus , the head and the ass are interchangeable 
