HACK ALERTS !!!! * DO NOT Accept a Friend Request FOR ' STEFANIA COLAC ' AND ' ALEJANDO SPITZNER ' THESE ARE HACKERS . SO TELL ALL ON YOUR WALL . IF SOMEONE ADDS THEM THEY EARN YOUR CONTACTS , EMPTY COMPUTER AND ADDRESSES . SO COPY AND PASTE THIS TEXT ON YOUR WALL 
The higher your energy level , the more efficient your body . The more efficient your body , the better you feel and the more you will use your talent to produce outstanding results " Tony Robbins " 
WOW , what a very crazy week , worked over 85 to get all our reporting platforms back up and running ...... Think God its completed .... 
Can you believe it we are getting SNOW in March ... rrruugh 
Well umm tron was a let down 
Man what a day . It was an emotional roller coaster . In the world of life everything comes full circle . Now its time to soak in the day and have a crown & coke . 
The ages of a father and son add up to 66 . The father's age is the son's age reversed . 
How old could they be ? 
Wow those nine days went by fast . The wife is coming home tonight . Yea baby 
What a day , the boys are gone with there grandparents and the wife is traveling . What to do hmmmm 
My kids called me this morning from Texas and sang me happy bday . Man what a great surprise . Love ya boys 
One more day until my boys come home . Can't wait . ..... ;) 
Life is nothing but twists and turn and it seems your back where you started . The circle becomes complete again . Hmmm 
Got the boys from the airport and we are at Twin Peaks for dinner .... wow better that Hooters 
Goin morning FB , TGIF 
Good morning FB , its Saturday and the yard needs done . Rrruuugh any helpers out there ? 
Well Michelle got her phone yesterday and she hasn't put it down yet ... like a kid at Xmas .. got to love it . 
Well boys its the magical day you came into our live . Happy bday to Adam and Zac 
Well I should be out of here in about 2 hours . 
Merry Christmas to all my FB friends and family . God bless and enjoy today to the fullest . 
Well made it home from the hospital and going to chill . feels great to be home ... tHanks for all your prayers ... 
Well let's see , serving blizzard , cleaning snow away , work , and here I set in the hospital again for round 2 
What a night , we sent it in the ER to find out he broke his arm . Doing Pl now , just wants to play bball this year . Hope he halls quickly . 
Well the world didn't bet me yet , the old ticker is still going . I guess it wasn't my time yet . thank you lord for anorher day 
True friends are those who really know you but love you anyway 
~ Edna Buchanan 
http://j.mp/hYEJ2N 
#android #quote 
Yesterday was crazy and very lighting . Can't wait to see what today has for . 
I am very lucky today , its fathers day and our anniversary . I am in heaven and don't want the day to end . 
Here at the movies waiting for Green Lantern ...... 
What a day to remember , this one will go down in the books . Thank you boys for the great day we had today . 
Well its been a great day today , finished everything at work and now the nous want Chinese food for dinner ... Yum 
I guess the good karma has left the building , I hope tomorrow will be a better day . 
Tech Support : " I need you to right-click on the Open Desktop . " 
Customer : " Ok . " 
Tech Support : " Did you get a pop-up menu ? " Customer : " No . " 
Tech Support : " Ok . Right click again . Do you see a pop-up menu ? " 
Customer : " No . " 
Tech Support : " Ok , sir . Can you tell me what you have done up until this point ? " 
Customer : " Sure , you told me to write ' click ' and I wrote click ' . " 
http://j.mp/l2F7of 
#android #joke 
Thank you all , I enjoyed my birthday with the family . It was really nice to get out with them . ............... 
What a great day to be alive . Chilling in the back yard enjoying the cool breeze . What a change in weather .... 
Greg Anderson 

" When we are motivated by goals that have deep meaning , by dreams that need completion , by pure love that needs expressing , then we truly live life " 
Here we set waiting for Transformer 3 ....... 
Well life is nothing but a roller coaster . When you thing you know what's around the next turn it changes up on you . That's the best part if it . It always keeps you on your toes ...... 
What a day , got bad news from the wire . As they say it is what it is . 
Vince Poscente 
" Walking your talk is a great way to motivate yourself . No one likes to live a lie . Be honest with yourself , and you will find the motivation to do what you advise others to do " 
Sir Alexander Paterson 
" The secret of discipline is motivation . When a man is sufficiently motivated , discipline will take care of itself " 
It's been a wonderful day so far . I can only be blessed by the way I carry myself and respect other . Life is great . 
Well we watched the premier if Warhouse 13 , let's see what the sewon has instore 
Aristotle 
" All men seek one goal : success or happiness . The only way to achieve true success is to express yourself completely in service to society . First , have a definite , clear , practical ideal-a goal , an objective . Second , have the necessary means to achie " 
H . Jackson Brown , Jr. 
" Never forget the three powerful resources you always have available to you : love , prayer , and forgiveness " 
Buddha 
" A family is a place where minds come in contact with one another . If these minds love one another the home will be as beautiful as a flower garden . But if these minds get out of harmony with one another it is like a storm that plays havoc with the " 
Judge thyself with the judgment of sincerity , and thou will judge others with the judgment of charity . 
~ John Mitchell Mason 
http://j.mp/nyECvD 
You give an inch and they take the world 
Got a new place and I have my boys . What else could a father ask for ...... 
Life is strange when you have issues that are life changing and then you find other groups of people that are going through the same thing you are and wonder if their world will change in the same way . Then when looking back you can see one addtional party could have help these changes along for both cases .... : .. 
