oohhhhhhh . Why can't it already be friday night ? I'm going to be up all night with this darn homework ! At least we have chapel tomorrow ... 
loves being a girl -- it means that she can be a sappy sap ! 
would love to see U2 in concert more than anything else right now .... 
Happy 4th of July ! I love this day !!! 
can't wait to find her life and start doing stuff ... any stuff ! 
is getting ready to hit up the Amish auction today ! 
needs help : what's an easy craft for kids to do while learning about France ? 
is loving the early morning and thinking about how wonderful it is to be alive ! 
is PSYCHED for Freshmen Follies ! They're going to be even funnier this time around :) 
anyone wanna go to Bastille day on Sunday ? 
is at Grace ! yay !! 
wishes it were socially acceptable for girls to shave their heads -- then there wouldn't be hair all over the place ! 
is so excited about things that are top secret ! ( just for you Ashley ) 
eew . work . 
wants to see RENT in Milwaukee over Thanksgiving break ! Anyone wanna join me ? 
is grateful for a roomate & friend who isn't afraid to go deep and who is willing to encourage me to grow 
is in Exploring psychology and would appreciate any distractions . 
wants the church to wake up ! 
does anyone have pick-up sticks ??? 
welcome freshmen ! We're so glad you're here ! 
basically doesn't want to do homework ... or any work , really . 
it is true : there is a Christian Association of Tattoo Artists . really ? really ?!? 
help !!! How did things get so out of control ? 
is so ready for a beautiful saturday ! 
If if were living 100 years ago , I would probably be having a mid-life crisis pretty soon ... 
yay elisha !!! rock on ! 
" Squirrel Causes Alpha Power Outage " 
doesn't want to be back in the real world ..... 
has the coolest missionary ever ! Yeah Carmal ! 
is anyone going to Walmart today ? Take me with you ! 
who has Skype ? I just got it , and I want to look cool and have people I can call who don't live in the same room :) 
what do I want to do with my life ? Who am I supposed to be ? 
is SO psyched to be in Europe with both Abby Robers AND Elisha Ramey !!!! 
The best way to beat the homework blues is to drink hot cocoa w/ nutmeg and cinnamon ! 
is getting ready to leave on her yearly pilgrimage to Canada ! Oh sweet Canada , how I love you ... 
darn you Brett ! 
<3 U2 !! 
dude ! When I come back to Grace next semester , i'll have 137 credits !!! I never thought I'd be at that point !! Also . I love my new soft and fuzzy Christmas Socks from B&B !! 
dude ! When I come back to Grace next semester , i'll have 137 credits !!! I never thought I'd be at that point !! 
loves free stuff ! 
Ouvre les yeux avant qu’il ne soit trop tard ; Ouvre les yeux avant de perdre la mémoire ; Ouvre les yeux à toi qui ne crois plus ; ouvre les yeux ! Je parle à toi qui ne vis plus : pourquoi faut-il toujours s’enfuir tant se mentir ? C’est pas normal de tant souffrir 
A . AHHH ! Je déteste CampusFrance !!! 
misses having time to just chill 
THE FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear . the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! put this as your status if it works 
ugh . why is there so much to learn for Global ? 
Are we happy plastic people under shiny plastic steeples , with walls around our weakness and smiles to hide our pain ? 
sometimes , Jessica Borst makes some weird noises when she's breathing ... 
I LOVE MLIA !!! Best story ever : Today , at the checkout , my box of tampons did not have a price tag on it . The checker got on the intercom and boomed , " PRICE CHECK ON ISLE 7 , TAMPAX . " The employee checking the price misheard the checker , mistaking the word ' tampax ' for the word ' thumbtacks . ' He came back on the intercom with : " DO YOU WANT THE KIND YOU PUSH IN WITH YOUR THUMB OR THE KIND YOU POUND IN WITH A HAMMER ? " 
MMM-yum . Coffee with Peppermint Mocha creamer , tied together with a scoop of Hot Chocolate . I love cold weather ! 
hates it when she eats something that is supposed to be vegetarian , but somehow still has meat-stuff in it . Bad things happen because of that ... 
Would going to Starbucks to " do homework " this afternoon make me a bad person ? 
WHY did I take Essential Doctrinal Themes ? I don't want to grow anymore -- I just want to sleep and have time for people and life !!!!!! Stupid class . 
loves Christmas music 
Invisible Children TONIGHT in McClain Auditorium @ 7:30 . Come Come Come !!!! 
wishes that there were more love in the world and no hatred . 
" I Should Tell You ... " RENT tonight with Laren & Theresa ! 
go Packers !!! 
Buddy the elf , what's your favorite color ? 
" What is this feeling , So sudden and new ? /I felt the moment I laid eyes on you/My pulse is rushing/My head is reeling/my face is flushing/What is this feeling ? Fervid as a flame , Does it have a name ? Yes ! Loathing : Unadulterated loathing .... " 
Anybody who understands CampusFrance ( or who knows what my goals are ) should probably finish this thing for me . ugh . 
what a LOVELY first snow ! it doesn't get better than this ! does anyone want to build a snowman tonight ? 
I finally bought my plane ticket ! Look out France , here I come !!! :D 
is eating baguette & brie cheese , sipping on tea and baking . I LOVE fall break ! 
what an amazing evening ! I wish that I could rewind back to 8 and do it again ! 
loves that she and her roomate are E's . It means we can say awkward things and still laugh because neither of us realized what was happening till after the fact ! 
is going to the game and then having a Castle party with the girls !! 
NEEDS BEATLES ROCKBAND PRONTO !!!! 
“Laugh and fear not , creatures . Now that you are no longer dumb and witless , you need not always be grave . For jokes as well as justice come in with speech . ” -- The Magician's Nephew 
Is asking for prayers for her mom tonight and tomorrow as she faces trials at work 
loves people who are a little different . Its good for the laughs ! 
can't wait for her sister to get here ! 
WHAT is the excitement in banging your heels on the floor so that EVERYONE below you hears ? I DON'T understand !!! 
No more Alpha for 8 whole months !!! 
Pressure and stress is the common cold of the psyche ... 
doesn't want to go downstairs and face war-path Mom . the day before Christmas is such a scary one !!!! 
" Oh , there's no place like home for the holidays , Cause no matter how far away you roam , When you pine for the sunshine of a friendly gaze , For the holidays , you can't beat home , sweet home . " 
Does anyone have extra plastic spoons ? I need some . don't ask . :) 
just watched Australia and loved it -- yay for sappy and inspirational movies ! 
ugh . Way in over my head with homework , and all I can think about is how much I miss my dog ! what does that say about my priorities ? 
" If I find in myself a desire which no experience in this world can satisfy , the most probable explanation is that I was made for another world . " -- Mere Christianity , C.S. Lewis 
If I keep breathing and don't think about it , it'll all be OK . It's not working ... Help ! Help ! I'm panicking ! 
Froliche Weinachten , Feliz Navidad , Joyeux Noel and Merry Christmas everybody ! 
has learned to ask Kate's opinion from now on ... 
Snow , snow snow snow !!! SNOW !!! 
" Many spiritual seekers have not been able to hear the words of Christians because the lives of Christians have been making so much horrible noise . " -Shane Claiborne 
its flurrying !!!! 
" You see , Wendy , when the first baby laughed for the first time , its laugh broke into a thousand pieces , and they all went skipping about , and that was the beginning of fairies . " -- Peter Pan 
loves her darling sister and is sorry for sleep-texting ! 
brown 
is psyched for girl's day/night yay ! 
is packing up for the night & summer . Indiana , here I come ! 
" Love casts out fear , but we have to get over the fear in order to get close enough to love them " ( Dorothy Day 
wonders if Essential Doctrinal Themes is SUPPOSED to be this intense , or if Dr. Soto just scared me into overdoing it 
stupid alpha . Two fire alarms in two days ? That's not right !!! 
I smelled an iPod in line at the bank because I'm NOT crazy . 
is NEVER going to get her luggage down to the acceptable weight limit . ugh ! 
is in Dijon ! :) so pretty 
“You have a choice . Live or die . Every breath is a choice . Every minute is a choice . To be or not to be . ” ( C Palahniuk ) 
Hit up CarreFour after class today -- it was nice for relation ! and now she has an adapter for the computer ! score !! 
is up to catch the cheap train to Paris for the day . Ugh . Mornings . Poke me in the eye ! 
Veule dire à tous ses francophones amis de BHS , “Oh zut ! Il neige ! " 
is FINALLY doing laundry ! Hallelujah clean clothes !! I should probably buy some , in order to be able to stretch stuff out longer . hmmm ... that or I could get a bottle of Febreeze . Oh the decisions ! 
Alpha FAILS today ! What is my life ? 
<3 les Soldes !!! 
just realized that the word " bed " actually looks like a bed ! How did I miss that all these years ? 
so happy that last weeks Chapel is up on iTunes ! Thank-you Grace !!! 
is in her new apartment ! It's so pretty . :) 
was going to be an awesome student and do homework . . . but checking alpha to see if there's any leftover cranberry sauce from last night sounds like a much more satisfying task ! 
now that Kate & I snoozed for forever , we're finally heading out . My lovely stores , here we come !!! 
is really homesick tonight . Please be praying for me that I won't let homesickness get in the way of life ! 
where Kathryn Borucki ? She's missing my skype date ! 
anyone who is awake and working on EDT : what is the synthesis of the data ? 
loves France , but wishes it were a tad warmer ! 
what ? There's an IKEA in Dijon ? WHY did I not know of this before ?? 
is off to Paris for the weekend . yay Gracies !! 
" Why is it so cold here ? " " Maybe France doesn't have groundhogs , so they don't know that its springtime ... " 
a cooking lesson in France ? say ' what!' ? 
is back in Dijon after a fabulous weekend in Paris ! 
going to cinema olympia ( by the gare ) to see Avatar ( in 3D ) at 5:15 with Sara Dennison . anyone interested ? 
My Grandpas surgery went well -- thanks everyone for your prayers ! 
La chirgurie est bien passé , merci à tous pour vos priers ! 
really hates being so far away . My grandma and I could both use prayers , guys ! 
a entendu le Wien Philharmoniker en concert ce soir !! Ils ont joué les chansons classiques mais aussi de Star Wars ! So cool ... 
loves Katie Borucki . and is glad that she doesn't time travel with her . Bad things would happen . :) 
Got a bit jealous this morning of the freshmen because they have to get up every morning and get to see the sunrise ... then I remembered that I've been there , tried it , and wasn't a fan . 
Is so glad that the office is back ! 
its probably time to do homework now .... blegh . 
is going to go see Puccini's Madame Butterfly at the Opera ! Yay for many hours of standing . This had better be good ! :) 
Danke alles ( Ensebesondere Dechan Dalrymple ) für ein schönes Geburtstag !! 
sometimes , being out of the loop is annoying . Othertimes , it's just plain scary ! 
loved Lyon . And wants to be like Indiana Jones ! Only a girl . 
a trouvé son amie Abby et après quelques difficultés , elles sont retournées à Dijon ! Et on va faire un pique-nique aujourd'hui le parc ! 
Just ate my first McDonald's hamburger in over 5 years . Oh France . What have you done to me ? 
eew . Just saw the Kent opossum staking out my apartment . what a creeper ... 
in exactly 7 days , I will be flying over the Atlantic on my way home ! yay ! 
Yes Mr. Carpenter-Man . PLEASE come to the appartment early on the only day I get to sleep in . Really -- it would make my whole day ! 
Home in less than 100 hours . Oh yeah . :) 
Hey nonny nonny nonny and a ho ho ho 
a horse , a horse ! My kingdom for a horse ! Who doesn't love Robin Hood Men in Tights ? 
starting the trip back to Dij . Bon Voyage ! 
If someone with multiple personalities threatens to kill himself , is it considered a hostage situation ? 
you'll never have a chance if you don't take one 
' s family is here ! look out grace -- here comes wisconsin ! 
vermisst ihre Ilka Beatriz A , Elisabeth Schaffter und Justyna Szyma !!! 
HACKED !!! 
For through Your suffering I am free : Death is crushed to death , life is mine to live ; won through your self-less love . This is the power of the cross : Son of God , slain for us . what a life , what a cost ! We stand forgiven at the cross !!!! 
is at Charles de Gaulle , waiting to board the plane with Abby Robers , on the way to London !! Look out Abbey Road ... we're coming your way ! 
Is in Scotland , wishing for wireless and her gracies . On the bright side : got to shave this morning , and am currently shoe-less ! 
needs Katie Borucki to go to Scotland and France with Beth Welke to visit Abby Robers and me !! 
cannot WAIT to watch a Very Potter Sequel after class ! Does that make her special ? Why yes . yes it does . 
just found The Incredibles on youtube . My life is complete 
you know you're a nerd when the best part of the day is realizing that your computer's dictionary is set to French , and so most of your english words are marked as incorrectly spelled . 
Harry Potter or Narnia ? 
just indicated that she was totally for prohibition ... which she's not . way to offer your opinion when you aren't paying attention . Well done Ange , well done . 
You'd think killing people would make them like you . But it doesn't! It just makes people dead ! 
finally made it back to Dijon . What a crazy trip ! but volcanos and train-strikes can't get me , no sir ! 
Today , I realized that everytime I look in the sky and see smoke or a little grey cloud , I try to convince myself that I'm seeing ash from Iceland's volcano . MLIA 
never ceases to be amazed by how well the MBTI describes her ! 
what came first ? The can , or the can opener ? 
Change 
your default Facebook picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The 
goal ? To not see a human face on Facebook until Monday December 6th . 
Join the fight against Child Abuse and invite your friends to do the 
same . ? 
misses talking to Jessica Borst 
Aujourd'hui j'apprenais qu'un loup sur la route , c'est un coup dur pour ma voiture . Oh Pascale . lol 
moi je tourne en rond 
what should I describe for this stupid descriptive text ? 
just saw a Harry Potter preview on TV ... so exciting ! 
Best way to pass along a busy afternoon : Singing with Queen ! 
Misses cooking . So much . I just wanna chop up some garlic , or saute some onions , or do something fabulous ! 
va au Lac Kir cette après-midi ! :) 
is saying good-bye to her dear France and is preparing to head out to for Vienna ! Wish me luck everyone ! 
So basically , the Gulf of Mexico is one big hairy oily mess . 
going to see Official Narnia : Voyage of the Dawn Treader in 30 minutes !!! AHHH ! 
is missing her gracies & can't wait to see 
them again !!! 
If coconuts aren't really nuts and they're not made out of cocoa then why are they called coconuts ? 
only has seven more months to go till she gets a break . OK . this is do-able . no prob@ 
congrats grads !! 
chilling in Muenchenbanhof , waiting for her train to Wein and mooching off of Starbucks ' ( starbucks !!!! ) free wifi ! <3 
just wants one quiet night this week . Just one . Sleep is good ! 
loves that you can never be TRULY lost , as long as you can find a Starbucks ! 
had a great time in Beaune with Alisa Thavikulwat , Rachel Molnar and Sara Dennison on our lovely jour férié ! 
sometimes I read MyLifeisTwilight just for laughs ... and then I get very , VERY sad ! 
The happiest of people don't necessarily have the best of everything ; they just make the most of everything that comes their way . 
" you can't do anything about the length of your life , but you can do something about its width and depth " 
wonders if she is actually enrolled to go to Actilingua in 3 weeks , and is very discontented with Grace at the moment . 
ugh philosophie et histoire : pourquoi la haine ? 
If we have no peace , it is because we have forgotten 
that we belong to each other . ( Mother Teresa ) 
is off to Strasbourg and Kehl tomorrow ! :) 
Joyeux Noël , Frohe Weihnachten , and Merry Christmas ! 
how much more are the consequences of our actions than we dare to image ? 
oh Grace . once again , fail on the tornado warning text . Most people do appreciate getting them before its over . just saying ... 
OK people , if anyone wants a postcard , lemme know ( please give me your address too . we all know that my memory went into early retirement ) , so I can get those suckers shipped off ! 
Wishes she had someone with whom she could close conversations by saying " tschüss " 
Dear people of the Midwest : it's snow . You've survived it's arrival every year and I am fully confident that you will see this one through too . And you're going to like it . 
NO . 
Is home with her wonderful roomies ! <3 ? 
Que sont les serviteurs de Dieu , sinon comme ses jongleurs qui doivent élever les coeurs des hommes et les émouvoir de la joie spirituelle ? ( Saint François d'Assise ) 
Cliché , yes , but today I'm so grateful for friends and family and for God who has been so good . Happy thanksgiving all ? 
according to my German class , the first 5 things they think of when they think of the US are : McDonalds , Hollywood , cowboys , NYC and the Niagra Falls . oh America . well done ! 
is learning , due to the non-workability of her computer touchpad , how unnecessarily dependent on her computer she has been . oops 
ist in Wien !!!! 
sometimes a hug can be the very best thing ... 
is at the frankfurt flughafen , waiting eagerly to check in and boad the plane ! only 8.5 hrs left of sitting here ! 
oh my .... 
" Peace cannot be kept by force . It can only be achieved by understanding . " ( Einstein ) 
Lets meet at 9 at the res tonight :) 
Happy new year ! 
hah ! watching a Doctor Who rerun on TV ! I love BBC ! 
Has an interview for a job she REALLY wants next friday !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
finally figured out why she was unable to talk to people on skype . It wasn't because I have bad internet .... I had just told it to play on headphones instead of speakers . heheh ... oops 
Leaving for Munich . Tchussi Wien !! 
will was sie nicht haben kann ... 
is redeemed 
' Yes I know , I ? know , he marries Ginny and they live happily ever after and there is literally no way to move forward from this point!'--Lucius Malfoy . Oh the hilarity ! 
" One thing that's clear in the Scriptures is that the nations do not lead people to peace ; rather , people lead the nations to peace . " ( S Claiborne ) 
is worth 10 goats 
Prayers for her Grandpa would be great as he is having heart surgery today .... 
S'il vous plait , priez pour mon grandpere et ses medecins -- il a une tres serieuse chirgurie aujourd'hui ... 
If you want to know what a man's like , take a good look at how he treats his inferiors , not his equals . 
Really misses home . 40 more days ! 
its snowing !!! 
My savior loves , my savior lives , my Savior's always there for me . My God he was , my God he is , my God is always there for me ! 
War doesn't determine who's right . War determines who's left . 
just got super excited because I thought that I was almost done with my reading ... then I realized that I was merely holding the book upside over . Oh universe . Please stop picking on me ! 
Je regarde " La Doublure " avec des étudiantes de français . J'suis vraiment heureuse de ' voir ' Paris encore ! 
“Please , ” she said , “you're so beautiful . You may eat me if you like . I'd sooner be eaten by you than fed by anyone else . ” -- Chronicles of Narnia 
does anyone have any examples of people who incorporate parts of books/movies into daily life ? ( eg Trekkies who learn Klingon ? ) 
Is it unusual that every once in a while I look at Alpha through Grace's live webcam , just because I miss Winona Lake ? 
loves how everyone goes out of their way to step on crunchy leaves 
Really misses those weekends when I actually got to have a life . Not that I don't love writing boring papers about boring books and articles , cuz honestly , who DOESN'T like that kind of thing ? 
absolutely looooooooves Beth Welke and Katie Borucki because they are her best best best friends ever !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Knowledge is realizing that the street is one-way , wisdom is looking both directions anyway 
This screwing with christmas classics is making my eye twitch ! 
is considering a healthy helping of syllabus shock ... 
I " m home !!!!!!!!!!!! loved seeing the family -- Dad , Karyn Borucki , Katie Borucki , and Jessica Borst . 
Apparently it's cool for spiders to crash our room ... I now think that EVERYTHING is another monster spider out to get revenge for the death of his creepy cousins ! 
Whenever its around , homework just makes me so sad ... 
¡karyn borucki after studying the matter and taking carful measurments , i've determined that warm caffinated water tastes better than cold . :) 
Go pack GO !!! 
Alors on danse ! 
I can still feel the breeze that rustles through the trees , and misty memories of days gone by . We could never see tomorrow , no one said a word about the sorrow . Oh the Bee Gees . <3 
for future thought ... Les Miserables will be in Milwaukee this year's easter weekend . Start thinking about it people--I'm going to want to go , and I'm going to want company ! 
If you're taking away truth then you're not getting the whole truth . 
Everybody's free , this is the sound of freedom ... 
singing loudly and off key with the girls while doing our final christmas gift search . its good to be home 
The bad news is that I already forgot my phone ... The good news is i'm still on campus 
oh scientists . Why do you hate the English language ? 
is ready for a fabulous day . November 1 : Warsaw Starbucks opens , and I can officially be in the Christmas spirit . score ! 
Oh black eye peas ... please stop . 
soupe à l'oignon and flan de coco for supper ... tonight's gonna be a good night ! 
n't get any homework done , but DID remember that she is Adaptability , Belief , Empathy , Harmony and Includer . A night well done ! 
:'( Il y a des jours quand Dijon me manque trop ... Je veux retourner chez moi ! 
What if we were created for something much greater than this ? 
oh thank-you grace for the tornado warning text . true , it expires in 5 minutes , but its the thought that counts , right ? 
might need to start logging off of her facebook when she's not around ... 
is in canada ! hello dear friend , how are you ? don't worry someday soon we'll be family ! 
just had a heart attack from looking above her pillow and seeing a huge brown spider on the wall only a foot from her head . yikes ! 
Purple-ing it up today ! 
Can't believe that big apple bagels is closing ! 
@deanna cook . Chilling in best buy . Cuz we cool . 
oh christmas chapel . I'm going to miss you ! 
so ... about graduating next semester . How am I going to make this work ? 
bedtime :) Bad choice ? yes . Happy decision ? You betcha ! 
ich vermisse euch so viel ! 
Loving family time/nap time ! 
Oh final exam of the semester ... why must you come so early in the morning ? 
Oh là ! J'ai trouvé l'Orangina ici aux États-Unis ! Gooseberries , je t'adore :D 
Green and gold pride :D 
Isn't there something strange about guys wearing leggings under their shorts ? I don't think i can get used to this ... 
Let it Snow , let it Snow , let it Snow ... 
No . Seriously . Please let it snow ! 
Coffee and free wi-fi @ McDonald's ... classy ! 
just spent the whole day doing job applications ... why can't someone just GIVE me some money ? 
apparently , the value of pi in Indiana is 4 , not 3.1415 .... so take that , all you other 49 states ! 
YEAAAAHHHH !!!!! 
So my favorite person in this world is Heather Mitchell She is amazing :) and i gave her the computer to hack 
YEAAAAAAAHHHH !!!!!!!! 
Research suggests that both chocolate and cheese are similar to heroin in their affect on the brain . Sooooo ......... that explains some things ... 
Now I understand why they say what they do about karma . Because basically ? Just not nice , all around . 
dear people of facebook , 
apparently I have a new account . this is a lie . If they try to friend you , please report them instead . ( its empowering , trust me ! ) Thanks ! 
roomie date , making some Cafe Nutellissimo ! My heart is happy once more ... 
Ausgezeichnet !!! 
no motivation . ugh ! 
listening to random celtic music on youtube .... because what else do you do on St. Patty's day ? 
darn you Nicholas Sparks and your addictive tragedies ! 
doesn't want to go back to Grace ! Denial is so sweet ... 
HOW is it snowing ??? 
Mmm ... crêpes for breakfast ! Nothing beats a well loved treat :) 
i'm too old for all-nighters ! 
J'avance , avance à reculons/Oui je tourne en rond , je tourne en rond/Tu vois , j'suis pas un homme/Je suis le roi de l'illusion/Au fond qu'on me pardonne/Je suis le roi , le roi des cons . . . . 
how does ' LAUGH ' get to be a word ? Phonetically , I mean ... 
pregunta ... who has my Harry Potter 6 movie ? cuz I want it back now .... 
Oh les miserables , you're so good !!! 
I know that you are looking for Jesus , who was crucified . He is not here ; he has risen , just as he said . 
whens it going to stop ? 
wow .... how about that ? 
I can't help it . I love a good tear jerker ... 
Katie Borucki , I hate you . I have the worst craving for a kringle now .... 
I'm gonna miss baking parties with Jessica Borst next year ... 
can ... not ... concentrate ! 
WCHSers ... I need help . anyone able to answer a couple questions for me ? 
loves Miriam Pomegranate and thinks she's the best thing since sliced bread . 
and nutella . 
mmm life is good 
Oh dang . My baby's getting married ! 
