Its official ... I'm speaking about my mission on the 16th at 9:00 over at the church building at 105 Windsong Avenue . Be there or be square . 
is chillin back in NH but his mind is elsewhere 
You know you are addicted to golf when watching The Greatest Game Ever Played makes you cry like a baby . I think I may just have a serious problem ... 
" I cannot live , I can't breathe , unless you do this with me . " - Angels and Airwaves 
Rain means rain puddles ... add sandles and shorts and you got yourself a lot of fun ! If you are from Oregon you could probably understand . 
is looking for someone to be a nightly running partner . If you know anyone let me know ! 
Salt Lake City was so sick ! I need to head up there more often with the train and check it out with friends . It was so much fun hanging out with new faces and old faces this weekend . I will miss chillin with my dad . Good times though ! 
1 question , 1 honest answer . You can ask me one question ( send it to my inbox ) Any question , anything . No matter how awkward it can be , ill answer it honestly , no catch . But I dare you to put this as your status and see what people ask you . This could be interesting .... 
heading to the library ... school projects are just soooo much fun . 
General Conference has been amazing thus far and I am sure it will only get better ... why ? Because I will there tomorrow for the Sunday morning session listening to living , breathing apostles and prophets . Can't have a much better Sabbath than that . 
Not only did I survive but I think I did pretty well for my first time . It was a lot more fun finding out that Todd and Betsy were running it too . And man , God sent me some humility in the form of Todd ... he dominated me ! Now I just have to wait to hear what our times were and then I will be real excited . 
is cooking some pasta so he will be ready for his mini-triathlon tomorrow ! 
I'm sorry to have to say it but you look like you are sad , your smile is gone , I noticed it bad , the cure is that if you let in just a little more love , I promise you this , a little's enough . 
lives at the library ... periodicals if anyone is ever interested ! 
I hope the Senate does its job and votes according to the voice of the people ... like the 54% that don't want sell their agency and their souls to the gov't for an uneffective and socialistic healthcare . Thanks Mr. President and the House ! Thanks for screwing over and not listening to the American people ! 
Every final BYU home game of the season I have been to , we kick butt and I find myself on the field ... WE WON THE DESERT DUEL IN OVERTIME !!! 
is going AWOL from Facebook until after finals ... so if you want to do something or talk or whatever , call me . 
FINALS ARE FINALLY DONE !!!! Christmas in NH here I come ...! 
miranda collette is my favorite sister 
is worried that it is only Christmas Eve and he doesn't know if he is done shopping and is positive that he is not done wrapping . In fact , he hasn't even started ! 
is working on finals ... study , study , study ! 
I love Christmas ! My sisters got sweet presents , my parents got sweet presents , the missionaries got sweet presents , I got sweet presents ... everybody is happy ! Plus , gag gifts ! What is better than a happy family ? 
" A . Just because ... " and relax , it was edited . 
Why is everyone I wanted to talk to come on after 1:00 in the morning ? I got to go to bed ... 
Well that was the most stressful useless math test I have ever taken ! At least I was able to pull off an 80% and be able to move on to rest of my so-called life . Geez la weez ! 
I hate Tuesdays when you wake up and think it is Monday ... classes just don't seem to go as well when you are completely in the wrong place at the wrong time and totally disoriented . 
I hate school that has a ton of unnecessary reading that lasts forever ... 
There are two ways of failing ... not trying at all or doing my best and not being able to do what I wanted to ... but in all reality , only one of those is really failing . 
Does anyone else absolutely loathe homework over the weekends ? I still have a paper and test to study for tomorrow ... and it is 10:30 . 
I needed to get out of Provo so badly and camping in St. George was the perfect remedy but now I am exhausted and I got so much to do . I love college life ... work hard and play hard . 
If anyone wants to talk , I got my phone , and I am heading to the periodicals of the library ... 
THIS IS AN OPEN INVITATION TO ALL THOSE NOT DOING ANYTHING !!! COME PLAY A PICK UP GAME OF SOCCER AT THE RB NEAR THE IPF @ 2:00 !!! BIGGER THE GAME , THE BETTER THE GAME !!! 
Long week with two or three quizzes , the usual obese workload , and one major test done and one more to go ... and then I have a weekend !!! Yaaa ! 
Just pulled a 14 hour long day on campus ... finished a take home test that took way too long and too much effort , got back a different test and i guessed my grade , and just finished a 5 page homework assignment . Say hello to BYU ... 
Not only did the Celtics win but I am now the proud owner of Science & Faith ! Honestly , I think this was one of those rare Mondays where I have been happy to be awake and living through ... 
I honestly was so excited for today ... last day of classes , racquetball , ward christmas party ( which was not only fantastic but I didn't have to cook ) , and tomorrow I am going to Ogden and plan on watching Jimmer play basketball in Salt Lake City ! Plus , it is almost Christmas ! I honestly don't care that right now I am studying ... 
Life is good ... Living at home ... Pulling two jobs and making bank ! Working at Segway like I was shooting for and driving again at Pizza Bella . 
I thought that school was my life during the semester ... that is nothing compared to finals week ! I can hardly wait for these two last tests to be over ! Physics and Ethics ... ugh . Well , bring it on ! 
Fairwell Facebook ... I will see y'all in week . 
Florida was great , no internet , but I finally am back in New Hampshire and I already have a laundry list of things to do . My family is awesome ! Call me and we can do stuff . 
I am honestly thinking about buying a watch because I seriously have a strong case of terribly bad timing . Patience is stinkin ' difficult to learn . 
If you ever have had a math teacher in college , they are usually hard to understand and follow what they say ... try one from Ukraine whose native language is Russian . I will let you all think about that one for a little bit . 
I think Regina said it best : " I'll come back ... When you call me ... No need to say goodbye . " 
Only minutes ago I descended into the third level of Dante's Inferno which is known as the HBLL . If anyone else is equally condemned , feel free to come on by and visit . It is lonely down here ... 
Why , oh why , do you put a math test before a math final with only two weeks of school left ? I don't understand ... in more ways than one . 
work , work , work ... i need another life ... a secretly social one ! =) 
" I feel like I can't miss ... I know they want me to fall ... But ain't nothing bigger than this ... So just pass me the ball ... " 
Early birthday present was amazing ... Lifehouse opened for Daughtry in a fantastic show . Thanks mom and dad ! Girls you were real sports for coming with me . It was fun . 
Is it weird that I don't ever really remember my dreams and then last night I remembered in my dream I got a motorcycle ? I couldn't find it the next morning when I went out to ride it up to campus ... bummer . 
Rajon Rondo is the man . Go Celtics ! 
Probably had one of the most amazing ways ever to celebrate New Years ! Third Eye Blind is even better in person ! Easily the best concert I have ever been to ! 
is going to be loving going home Christmas break ! Family , Christmas , basketball , Third Eye Blind concert ... it is going to be wonderful . 
I am in Finland ! 
Landlords are of the devil . I don't think I need to say any more than that . 
is not only in Finland ... it is Europe , so we went to Denmark , Norway , Sweden , and Estonia as well . Beautiful country ! 
made it through the first day of the semester alive . But then again , there is always tomorrow ... Is it a bad thing that I am already unmotivated ? 
P90X with my roommate Alex ... any bets on how long we can last ? 
has just aced his last two tests ... all I got to do is keep it going for at least two more and then this semester will have started off perfectly . 
I hate feeling like a nube at most things I do ... so long story short , I have twitter . If you have one let me know , so I can follow you and ask for suggestions . So do you tweet ? 
Painful ultimate loss ... 8-10 . We were behind by 4 , came back and tied it , they called timeout , regrouped , and closed . Good effort but still painful . I believe we could have pulled it together and won it . Next week it will be different ... * wave my fist at you * 
I have one final to go ... IF YOU ARE TAKING MATH 303 AND WANT TO REVIEW COME TO 197 TMCB @ 4:30 TODAY !!! Just saying ... 
has got to finish his homework while watching the Celtics game so he can go for a run tonight ! But then again , it is the Celtics ... honestly , how much homework do you think I am actually going to get done ? 
still has a smile on his face after a WICKED long day ... tomorrow is always better than today . It will start off completely fresh and new ! 
Never enough time in the day ... and always enough classes to catch up on sleep in . Why do professors give us an excess of busy work ? 
Amazing how math tests on the weekend can almost ruin your plans ... key word is almost . Wish me luck ! 
Nothing makes up for a long test more than a wink or two from an amazingly cute girl and a fantastic performance at ultimate frisbee so you can get out that pent up frustration and aggression . 
I don't think I have laughed so hard and for so long in such a long time ... The world feels so much better and looks so much brighter when you get in a good laugh . It brought me to tears . I am so happy . 
Ultimate Frisbee seasons comes to a disappointing close but the playoffs were fun nonetheless ... Definitely got my money's worth many times over . 
If anyone wants to come on by , I am still finishing up my lesson for tomorrow but I am also watching " The Sandlot . " 
Even if I don't think I am getting much out of college , my work is definitely keeping me well educated ... I suggest to everyone to go more often to the temple . 
School is important , but what if you fail ? Well get up and try again ... Friends and trust are like school because you could fail . But honestly in that specific situation , failure is not and cannot be an option . 
Christmas right around the corner ... homework done by the weekend ... and the last hurdle will be finals ! Fun , fun , fun ... I can't wait to be done . 
Spending the day with Tyler and his family and then hitting the airways to be back in NH for Christmas ! 
I don't know if I am a little early on this but January has two amazing days coming up ... Expected release of Science & Faith by the Script is Jan 18 and general sale of tickets for their US tour opens up on Jan 28 at 10 am , which the tour includes them finishing up in Boston , MA on June 8 . I think I may be a fan ... 
I am not loving school right now with this seriously ridiculous take home test that I just bombed ... going to go for a run , shower , and hit the sack . Hopefully , it will take the edge off if you know what I mean . 
Dear Friends , 
Whoever heart attacked our apartment's front door , you made my day . Thanks ! 
