Worst . 
Day . 
Ever ... 
Stalk me 
Keep your eyes fixed on the sun >=) 
( continued)The gentleman had lied to me , when I trusted him . The young woman lied to me , and I believed her , but the moment I looked into her eyes the angel of fate and certainty exposed to the truth within the heart . All you have to do is look into the eyes . There is only one truth 
There is something that is almost impossible to translate into words , human emotion . The heart’s emotions can’t be implanted into the earth , because it can only grow into something uncontrollable . There's a way to fathom the emotions . Just read the eyes . 
=( 
I am going to make tomorrow the best day ever . 
And my head told my heart 
Let love grow 

But my heart told my head 
This time no ... 
Ommmmmgggrrrrrrrr 
AAHHHH ....... this isnt meeee ... whats going ooooonnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn .. 
Ima all done now .. i think im going to ..... idk 
I hasta praise yoo like i ssshhhooouuulllddddd 
rain ... =) 
One of these days someone is going to say homo and im going to turn around .. 
Why am I still single ????? How ???? 
LoL 
Ugh ... im very lonely .... 
I feel terible ... =( 
Fro me it's in between 
Gentlemen Hall and Mymymy 
Annndddd I'm definitely going for Gentlemen Hall lol 
lol i can play happy birthday on de guitar =3 
and mary had a little lamb ....... why do i learn these songs on my own and not the awesome ones ... 
wait these are awesome ! i can two really badass songs !! =3 
There's something that cannot be 
expressed in words , human emotion . Emotions of the heart can't be just 
tucked away in a closet . There's a way to know the emotions . Look into 
the eyes . The girl lied to me , and I believed her . The gentleman lied 
to me , when I trusted him , but the moment I looked into his eyes the 
angel of destiny began to unravel the truth . Just look into their eyes . 
There is only one truth . 
XDD I'm turning 16 today and I made a Birthday Wish for charity ! Can you help out ? Click here to donate : http://wishes.causes.com/wishes/202876?bws=st 
The longer one holds on to a memory , the longer one lives in the past . 
The deeper the memory they hold onto , the more beautiful the past will 
become . The beautiful memories will eventually turn into hate . Even if 
they look ahead , they lose the ability to walk . As long as the heavy 
chain called revenge continues to bind the heart , the tears of sadness 
will continue to flow . 
JUST finished the I.G.S. project ..... bows * " thank youthank you very much , oh you're too kind ! " 
LOVE ....... ANNDD ....... PEEEEEEEAAAACCCCCCEEEEEE !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
hm .... 
People expose the weaknesses which pain them , 
and thus form a group . Before they know it they begin to exclude those 
who are not one of them , but what becomes of those who have been 
excluded ? I smiled at the children who lived in a tight group in their 
rickety house . Sure , let's live today , let's live tomorrow , and let's 
live the day after that , even if it means living in eternal pain . 
Check it out Peaople ! 
GGGRRRrrrrrr what do I do ??? 
What to do about you .... 
spam spam spam 
Wednesday is ma birthday =P 
going to bed 
for no one by the beatles 
no snowball 
Sitting at the coffee shop doing nothing at all ........ 
How many times can you say bored ...? 
Hope you are in good company 
I am now just leaving the coffee shop .... 
Sigh ....... 
Here I come with my second wind 
Sometimes .. the best way to look at yourself is through somone else's eyes .. 
Tables they turn sometimes . 
March 6th .... : 
Apparently a very popular subject 
Wow .. I just got an interveiw from the Lonsdale Newspaper ... 
Ima gonna be in the newspaper ! 
and my phone will be back on tuesday hopefully 
Whenever something is gained , something is always lost . 
It's difficult to live after something like that . What is lost will never return . 
Important things , irreplaceable things , but what is needed to keep those things is in the firm will packed into one bullet . Man knows , he knows nothing will begin unless he speaks , and that nothing will change , unless he moves . 
Sigh .. 
GOSH DARN IT I CANT BELIEVE I MISSED MARIO AGAIN !!! UGGHHHH 
MERREH CHRISTMAS EVERYONE !!!!!!! XDD 
Looks like winter's here -- Little Boys have been falling all night and now the ground is completely covered ! I almost couldn't get out of the house ; this stuff is up to my Liver . So I got out a Clock and Drew them into a pile . Obama and I have been jumping in it all day . I'm hoping that the weather changes , though ; before Christmas I really want to make Poison angels . 
off to homework .. 
=3 
Alllooohhh 
The truth is no one knows how the garden grows . 
Gonna be a super ultimate omega rockstar 
of the band " Darker Than Blue " 
In times of hardships , in times of sadness , there's a place a traveler can let his mind return to : home . I still don't know what kind of a past the traveler abandoned when he left his home behind . I still don't know what kind of sorrow he bears . But the traveler can keep walking forward because he has something which sustains him ... a place which accepts him . He can walk forward , step , by careful step . 
I'm really really really sad .. no clue why .... =( 
I'm Confuzed 
I'll be the one you'll never know =P 
what now ???? 
There's something that cannot be expressed in words , human emotion . Emotions of the heart can't be just tucked away in a closet . There's a way to know the emotions . Look into the eyes . The girl lied to me , and I believed her . The gentleman lied to me , when I trusted him , but the moment I looked into his eyes the angel of destiny began to unravel the truth . Just look into their eyes . There is only one truth . 
RRRRRuuuuuuuuAAAAAAAwwwWWWwwwrrRRRRrrRRR !!!!!!! 
wow that took like 10 min to reply to all of those ... =o 
Happy Birthday Jake .... =) 
14 days to my birthday =3 
Someday .... 
" Gimme , gimme symphonies Gimme more than the life I see " 
Good song XDD 
What am I going to dooooooo 
March 6th 
Look it's tomorrow =3 
