Dont be overcome by evil , but overcome evil with good . 
RIP Marshal Perry ! 
I just gave my dog Bella a bath . I guess she thought my other dog Bailey was responsible cause as soon as I was done drying her , she jumped on Bailey and grabbed her by the throat . Now I have a nice puncture wound on my hand from breaking up a Chihuahua fight . 
Listening to scanner . Suicidal female attempting to ram police cars . She just went by my sons school at 100 mph while school is letting out . I hope the police thump her ass good when they catch the bitch ! 
Out of the mouth of a man , " Chrissy , give her a good tip . She had nice boobs !! " . At the restaurant in Grafton . 
I loved you the minute I heard you were coming . I loved you the minute you were born then I saw your face and fell in love some more . You were only a minute old , but I knew I would die for you and to this day I still would . When you choose to have a child , you make a conscious decision to allow your heart to walk around outside your body . Put this on your status of you have children you love more than life ... 
Just had the worst time ever at Cloud 9 . Flash flooding , evacuations , people trapped on the other side of the river , camper swept away in the campground , severe weather , flooding , rain and more rain . Coming home a day early in more severe weather . Hope we make it . :-/ 
I know I have mentioned this before but people in Florida can't drive worth a shit AND they are rude ! 
Excited to go to the Everglades tomorrow . As many times as we have been to Florida , I have never been on a airboat ride in the Everglades . 
Prayers go out to the Nugent's on the loss of their son . I cant imagine ... 
Control your own destiny or someone else will ! 
Call of the night .... " 911 , where is your emergency ? " " yes , there is a he/she assulting my car ! " " So , is it a male or female ? " " you know , a he/she ? Its a transvestite . " 
I ask my 20 year old if he is dating some girl . His response , " I guess you could call it that . We're not exclusive . " LOL ! 
Im so ready for a vacation , I can hardly stand it ! 
Ahhh ! Now I know why the economy crashed . The Securities and Exchange Commissionn were suppose to be policing the financial system . However , they were being paid to watch porn on government issued computers . 
Nice and relaxing evening on the boat .. then we get the call ... " Mom and Dad , whats for dinner ? " 
I cant find my husband . I wonder if he is on his way to kick Jones and Burgards asses ? 
My husband on the roof hanging xmas lights is making me VERY nervous . 
i am in no way making fun of mentally challenged people . But I did get a good laugh out of this . My friend who works at DOR ( and has a mentally challenged sister ) was telling me that one of our local residents ( who the police deal with on a regular basis ) says to her when he gets his I.D. picture taken , " When you take my picture , dont make me look anymore retarded then I already look ok ! " . Bless his heart ! 
Congrats to Andy who is now in Honor Society . Im so proud of you ! 
would like to make a public apoligy to my hubby . Had him do 4 miles around the lake with me and I almost killed him . Sorry !! And no I am not " trying to kill you . " 
Excited about spending the day on the boat tommorrow fishing and hanging out with the othet number one man in my life ! 
Is at the Lake enjoying my ALONE time , then everyone decides to show up at ruin it . NOT fair !!! 
I was just making fun of the citizens who call 911 and want to know why the Tornado Sirens are going off . Guess who the first caller was ? One of the officers on duty . 
My husband seems to " think " he is working both nights this weekend . Think again Mr. Dolan ! 
Johnny has moved back in which is wonderful . However , I have to work days tommorrow and there is a rock concert going on downstairs in the family room . I guess I will lay here and look at the ceiling fan for awhile . UGH ! 
14 years ago today I married my best friend . 15 years ago this month , Bob Smith introduced us . I love you with all my heart and Happy Anniversary sweetie ! 
3 year old nephew jumping off our boat says , " One more time , and thats it Aunt Christine !!! " After about 500 xs of catching him we had to stop because arms were sore . 
Who can I pay to clean the 30 plus fish we just caught ?? Anyone ? 
Thanks everybody for wishing us a happy anniversary . Hope to have many more . 
the Fireman say " the reason the Cops are winning the softball tournement is because they are all on steroids . " I dont know what cops they are talking about . 
My husband is in Kansas City on business . You would figure he would be out drinking and having fun . No ... he is shopping at Bed Bath and Beyond , Kohls , and TJ Maxx . Very " girlie " thing to do ! 
Possible tornado hit 3 homes 4 miles away . I tell the 20 year old not to leave to go to work until it passes . What does he do , he sneaks out the front door . I will have to BEAT him . 
When you hang with bad people , don't be shocked when bad things happen to you !!! 
went looking for swimsuits yesterday and bought a one piece . Told my husband that I tried on some two pieces and they just were not looking too good on me . His response , " yeah , I have been telling you that your old ! " Thats it ... I want a divorce !!! 
Thank you everyone for the B-Day wishes . I really appreciate it . I am truely blessed to have wonderful family and friends . Tommorrow I leave for Bull Shoals Lake for some R and R . See you all on Tuesday . 
Todd Meine who was wanted for murder in Jefferson County gets life in prison in Texas for shooting at 2 police officers . Several deputies , DeSoto officers , and my husband get shot at multiple times for several hours and in Jefferson County and the jerk gets 7 years . What the hell ? I think the Judges and prosecutors in Missouri need to take lessons from the Texans ! 
Im pretty sure Im enjoying my vacation so much , Im not going back to work ! 
Is wondering why my 14 year old son's relationship status is " married " ? just askin .... 
Im thinking next time I will pay someone to clean and detail the boat . Ugh ! 
= \ 
my husband does not like my purse and told me to get a diff one . I really feel he needs to get his own purse to carry if he doesnt like it . 
just wanted to say what a AWESOME son I have . Came home from work yesterday evening to a cooked dinner , clean house , and a cleaned out frig . All this and he is only 14 ! Thanks son for all you do ! I love you and I am so proud of you . 
was beginning to think my deer did not have babies this year . I look out my window and see tiny twin babies with her . I guess the deer are having their babies late this year . 
My husband just bought me a gun for xmas . Just what I wanted . 
Happy Birthday to my wonderful husband ! Work til 2:30 and then taking him out for dinner . Family , if you interested in going with us , let me know . Should be heading out around 3:00 
my conversation with the asian lady at the chinese buffet . Me - " i want a sweet tea and a regular tea . Her - awwwkay , 2 sweee teeee ? " Me - " no , one sweet tea and unsweet . " Her - " awwwwkay , 2 sweeee teeeee ? " Me - " no 1 sweet and 1 unsweet ! " Her " awwwkaaaay , 2 sweeeee teeeees ! " Me - " okay whatever !!! " 
On my way to work this morning and saw the perfect bumper sticker . It read , " Your driving pisses me off enough . Keep your politcal opinions to yourself . " As I was getting rear ended at a dead stop . Isnt that ironic ? 
Just so everyone is clear , John is not the boss of me . Thank you !! 
my 13 year old just cracks me up . He is the love of my life and makes me smile everyday . Andy is the most precious gift God has given me and I am thankful for him every day . I love you son ! 
watching a documentary on homeless children in orange county ca . Really sad and I am thankful I have a good job to give my son a good life . Holy crap these poor kids ! I had to laugh at a 6 year old when the interviewer askes him why he wants a home and he responded with , " Why are you asking me stupid questions ? " 
so proud of my Andy . He has been volunteering at the food pantry everyday witg one of his friends . The juvenile delinquints are being brought from the juv detention to do communitty service and have to be monitered at all times . They keep asking " why does Andy get to walk to to McDonalds and we cant ? " Um ... because you are in jail ! 
sitting in the lake today and going to soak up the sun . Happy day ! :-) 
At Bass Pro wondering how much this trips going to cost ? 
Prayers and hugs to both city officers that were shot last night . :-( 
is going to ask the Hillsboro Football Team ift John can design the football helmet next year since he is obviously P . O'd that this years helmet is all white . He is a fashion icon ! 
Boat and lake time with the hubs before he leaves . :-( 
Highway patrols helicopter just went down in Clarkso Valley . Say a prayer . One confirmed deceased . 
put the boat in storage this weekend . Guess its officially the end of summer . Booooo hissssss ! :-( 
Kudos to a officer I work with . He found a homeless Mother with her 2 small children sleeping in her vehicle behind a business . He took them to a Motel and paid for a room for them out of his own pocket . Really makes me appreciate everything I have including a job and a roof over my head . I could not imagine being homeless with 2 small children . Makes me sad . :-( 
Storey of John's life ~ while outside cleaning the the " small " buck John killed this morning , a big 10 point runs past him in our yard . And , he got a flat tire on his truck and guess what was in the tire ? A deer horn . 
Tornadoes on New Years Eve ?? Seriously ?? Poor Fort Leonardwood and Rolla . 
I have forgot what it was like to get up in the middle of the night with a sick and screaming 1 year old running a fever . Thanks Uncle John for going out at 330 in the morning for infant tylenol . You Rock ! 
When my son Johnny was about 8 years old , my Uncle gave him a signed Stan Musial baseball . One day , Johnny decides he wants to play catch with his Dad . John was throwing the ball for about 10 minutes before he looked at it . Guess which ball it was that Johnny brought to play catch ? Needless to say , I could here John yelling and cursing from inside the house . 
