Bored as heck 
I'm getting a new XBox360 ! 
trying to make a quiz but all the techy stuff is confuseing 
im haveing a gret day 
haven a great time 
Bored ... so bored ... cant wait for the weekend !! 
feeling sleepy -rainy/snowy days alwasys remind me of my home land and make me sleepy 
Rawr ! haven a great day =) 
Feeling bored and slightly on edge 
Feeling strange hmm ... must have been bad waffles for breakfast 
that question game is weird and pretty insulting lols , but i seem to get alot of complements about my looks . 
I just realized today that i shouldnt drink red energy drinks anymore ..... im alergic to the red food coloring x.x 
im sooooooo tierd x.x 
Cant wait for march 14th !!! a game ive been waiting for sence i was nine is finally comeing out !!!!!!!!! 
today i learned that i am awfull at pottery , my mouse looked like a potato 
just spent all day with my friend jessica ! this is the third time ive seen here sence fourth grade ! -it twas a great day 
I hate Essays 
I went to a track today , i didnt realise how out of shape i am 
checkin facebook at 4:00 am ... dosent everyone ? 
My sister ran away from home , if anybodys seen her please cal 830-1120 
Three cheers for the the pokemon game !! It comes out tommorrow 
Just got my but kicked in risk , my mom got 22 new troops each turn , I got only 2 
More drama at the jones house , today's episode : we come home from school to find our door bashed down 
If everything is subject to questioning , then what is undeniabley true ? 
Brehnan VS Cat , the cat has been eating the plants I grow in my room , even worse I found where the cat practically lives ... In my mattress 
i cant figure out that whole " places " thing , and it frustrates me :/ 
Like this and I'll tell you what I think of you . 
lalalalalaaala .. oh whats this ? oh no !! its a pipe bomb !!!!! ruuuuuuuuuuun !!!!!!! 
My sis hacked my Facebook yesterday , now the game is on 
Very few of the things people find important actually matter . This sense of importance is just an illusion created by our own minds . if you can wrap your head around that , you can discover what it truly important , not what is believed by society to be important 
Don't you just love when your dog starts barking like crazy early in the morning 
???? ???? ??? ?? ?? 
Red as the moon . Down from the sky like rain . Gone but still here . 
Freakin ' eck why why can't they be less confuseing 
The essays in Acc English are getting ridiculous !! 
If you think you know whats important In life , read Ecclesiastes chapters 1-5 then tell me what's truly important 
" so I recommend the enjoyment of life , for there is nothing better on earth to do then eat , drink , and enjoy life . " -King Solomon 
Put my iPod in Japanese , can only read half of it , example- " name " and " name " also ( word I can't read ) very well ... Missing half my sentences :D it's kinda fun 
Just bought a Van Halen CD 
What's with people posting with no context whatsoever ?! Its just annoying !! 
Thinking yields interesting results 
Washed all my blankets and sheets , and their still wet ! So I went searching for a blanket to curl up in , the only one I could find was purple with pink flowers , it's actually pretty comfy 
I just had a Dream where me and my brother got in a fight because he thought i was making fun of his hair colour . very strange dream 
Traded in 11 games , one Xbox 360 and a Nintendo DSi XL and i still need $12 to buy the new 3DS !! Freakin expensive ! but worth it , it is amazing !! 
what proof do you have that you exist ? 
that darn cat ! it somehow figured out how to get 5 feet off the ground to eat my fern !! its got a bunch of bite marks in it ! 
Jeez I thought it was gone , you'd think your insomnia had disappeared if youd had a good nights sleep for two months , but nope it's back , and this audio hallucinogenic deep sleep music and herbal sleep tea isent doin anything for it , damn insomnia 
Watch out !! Wait ... Never mind 
That thing thats takes your picture and turns you into a Mii is kinda insulting ! 
Ahh .. Nothing like a hot bowl of ramen at 11 
Dandelion tea is amazing ! 
Just made a Two liter of Dandelion Tea ( Dried dandelion leaf and root , and added some Dried Dragon fruit and fresh sliced Ginger for taste ) -thought the ginger would be to strong , but its actually pretty good !! 
Seems like a good day for a walk 
Vanilla , chocolate , or strawberry ? 
anyone ever felt like they've had someone smack them about with a sledge hammer ? cuse thats what i feel like , being sick sucks 
you vote for someone to become a club leader , and then when you ask for a quarter later on in the day they storm right by you without a second glance , tell ya what shes not getting my vote next year 
inst life just amazing :D 
......... 
like this and ill tell you one like and one dislike 
Just bought Morrowind ( Elder scrolls 3 ) to hold me out until Skyrim ( Elder scrolls 5 ) comes out . wish they would hurry tho , been waiting sense 2008 !! 
My new tomato plant is dieing T.T i was looking forward to home grown tomatos 
Today is just amazing ! 
whos all going on the sage grouse field trip next Tuesday ? 
Tried to go for a run with my dog , but he had to take so many brakes that i barely broke a sweat 
hurray for going to school at 4:00 AM !! 
I will now proceed to remove toast from this toaster with only one , count um one , metal fork 
why cant the doctor work at the hospital ? 
- 
-- Because he doesn't have the patients 
the 3-5 business days rule has been shattered , it got here on the 7th day 
i just figured out how to " mod " Morrowind ! it only took me ... 9 hours :D 
Facebook is just a ton more fun past midnight 
Thank god it's the weekend , one more minute of rhetoric strategies and I would have exploded 
i just saw a bucket full of little lab puppy's! 
Good news : I can go back to track 
Bad News : I might have arthritis 
Hey ! ( AVID people ) what are you guys going to bring to the pot luck ? -and who ? o.o 
holy crud !! 
Got poisoned ivy everywhere and lost my phone , but jump creek falls is a blast ! 
Likes the rain 
Type your name : Brehnan JOnes 
With your elbow : b rfedhbn a n jo m nes 
With your nose : brehnan jones 
With your eyes closed : b43j a kp es 
Slam you face into the keyboard : vgtb k tr54e3 

...... Copy this as your status and DON'T erase your mistakes 
What is your favorite food ? 
Trying to find the best kind of dandelion to use in my teas , found out their is over 1413 Micro species of dandelion , this is going to take a while -.- 
There is a very important essay due tomorrow in Acc English , and like a normal teenager i find it more fun to look up funny you-tube videos 
Such a nice day . i think i'm going to get a snack together and then head down to the park 
Wow the end of the world is very ... Un endish 
BREHNAN VS WASP : i was just weed-whacking the back yard with that weird tiny lawn mower thing . when suddenly a large angry wasp flew out of nowhere and attacked me . i threw up the weed-whacker in defense swinging it wildly . after a while i realized the wasp had flown off ( most likely because i looked like a crazy man ) 
-but i won HA 
STEP 1 : everyone think of something fun to do this summer 
STEP 2 : Put your idea as a comment 
STEP 3 : invite everyone you know 
-if this works nobody will be bored this summer ! 
I just found a muse album I don't own ... 
I MUST HAVE IT !! 
My shoes are stained green :( 
I'm deleting everyone on my friends list that I don't know , or don't remember 
??? ? ?? ?? 
? heck yes ! 
their ar some friendly people in my new apartment complex ! ... and some creepy people , like the old guy in Mnt Dew pajamas 
Brad Olsen's pool party was amazing !! 
The Capitol classic is freakin amazing 
Boooored so bored 
Dog ? Nah , domestic foxes are where it's at 
( sadly they cost $ 7,000 ) 
Rode my bike 4.1 miles to get a haircut down town , turns out they don't take walk-ins 
For some reason , potato chips and soda are much tastier at 1:00 am 
Don't drink a full pot of green tea at 2:00 in the morning ( more caffeine then 4 cups of coffee ) 
Can't sleep a wink 
Sent out 15 resumes today , if nobody calls , then I have a bright future as a hobo 
Sushi night !! YES !! 
Like this for a truth 
So apparently pop-it's are not for throwing at people 
: Look a UFO ! Dad : that's a satellite . Brehnan : dang .. 
Why do they keep saying " the universe " on TV , it's perfectly fine to say god 
The science channel just made me question reality 
Just bought a machete . Heeeeeell yeah 
i love the apple store 
Spent all day working on building a fort , with just a machete , sticks , and home made rope ! I love the outdoors 
Back from sailing the Columbia river with friends . The best adventure yet 
Something is missing 
yay ! im moving again ! thats the third house this year ! 
4 hour drive back from Yellow Pine , now a 14 hour drive to Denver . At least il get those AP English books read 
My old fashioned alarm clock scared the crap outta me 
Elfen Lied .. dont know how to describe it 
Who wants to go swimming ? ( can only take two ) 
Watching comedy channel , apparently when I laugh it sounds like I'm choking people rush in and ask if I'm okay 
One day , I want to copy someone's status , word for word , and see if they notice . 
Why is it that when i see a commercial for soda , i always want one 
Still feels like summer to me ! only difference is I'm not laying around in pajamas 
Locked out of my house on a 100 degree day 
hiked up to goose creek falls and swam around with friends , a good day 
i sincerely apologize to anyone who tried to text and or call me in the last 3 months . my phone is out-of-order 
Cant wait to swim in a river again ! -pool water just cant compare 
Ah homework , i love how you leave me an hour of free time a day 
Beat Rachael West in ping-pong ! ( 20-18 ) YEA !!! 
Anyone know the password and username to the Borah databases , i have an AP project in dire need of completion 
Amazing Adventure with 9 year old friend : she took me thru the jungle to hunt a lion ( her dog ) which we slashed ( combed ) with our swords ( combs ) . then went to the cave ( basement ) where we rescued the monkey king ( a pair of pants ) from the zombies . little kids are so much fun :D 
Had an amazing day with Austin Reid , Jessica Baxter , and Mia Gee . you guys are amazing ! 
This year I'm saving up for two things , an iPhone , and a moped 
Thanks for the happy birthdays everyone ! :D 
wow I'm tired * looks at clock * 9:47 .... huh .. 
Locked out again , but thanks to my new bike I was able to deposit money on skyrim , and get a job app to red letter ! -gotta love bikes 
You take a personality test and think , no way ! I'm not like that ! but then you find out you are 
Waiting to get a new phone in the mail ( sadly its not a smart phone ) 
Locked out ... Again ... At least this time I have Ginger ale 
Finally got my phone , It's cooler then I thought it would be , buy still not a smart phone 
Dentist today , fun fun 
You throw a Halloween Costume Party , go to your profile , list first 9 people , NO CHEATING , then laugh your butt off ... 
Princess : Patrick Chapman 
Nasty Lunch Lady : Siara Cortez 
70's Disco Dancer : Jessica Baxter 
Drag queen : Jackie Anderson 
Giant Taco : Becca Parsons 
Evil Clown : Hailey Macomb 
Smurf : Sarah Elizabeth Aalbers 
Redneck : Rachel Webber 
Tinkerbell : Hallie Dee 
My Ipod tells me it would take a full 24 hours to listen to every song . dang , that's alot of music 
Found candy I can actually eat ! Yes ! Their called ; " wat-cha-ma-call-its " 
Drinkin Carrot Juice -dont knock it tell ya try it 
Got asked if I was 21 by a waiter , also ate swordfish and for desert Fired ice cream , 
thanks Todd Merritt for inviting us all ! it was amazing ! 
The only time im ever depressed is when im sick , that just makes being sick all that much worse 
dang it , lost my card , no homecoming for me 
Job interveiw at best buy tomorrow , wish me luck ! 
people are crazy 
Figured out why i cant think right , though some confusing psychological mumbo jumbo it turns out it was simply because my room wasn't clean . weird 
ah theres nothing like Fullcircle organic chocolate , and mountian dew on a thursday evenin 
well i got my hair cut everyone , how do i look ?? 
lols i get grounded so often for being late ... eventually i get my timeing right i hope lols 
100% on science qest and 94% on math test !! sha !!! im finally getting good grades ! 
i just love when u decide to go and buy 24 sodas and huge bags of candy and watch a bunch of movies !!!! -until your dog eats ur candy -.- 
Its such a wonderfull day to be an optimist ! the trees are green , the sun is shineing ( or was O.o ) and the birds are chirping :) 
Finaly not grounded ! lols 
i finally got around to watching forest gump , that is one of the greatest movies i have ever seen in my life !!! 
anyone else having trouble uploading the essay for Mr. Quilici's class to turnitin.com? 
i cut my hair !! its like two inches shorter !! people can actually see my eyes now ! 
it would be really weird to get in an argument with yourself on facebook , wich is exactly what i should do !!! 
i went to an awsome concert in emmet ! and these dudes started getting crazy and flinging their arms around and kicking people and one dudes fist swung around and hit me in the neck x.x 
nots a very happy day for me ... but maybe going to my first practice on a new soccer team will cheer it up 
im sooooooooo tierd x.x 
lols i just went down the entire list pushing the " like " button 
i am a master of makeing sandwiches !!! and makeing tea !! fear the tea-wich master !! 
RAWR !!! 
i think someone was on my profile x.x cuse those friend of the day thingys are from 4:00 pm , and i was at the red cross volenteering at that time , so someone must be on my profile x.x x.x 
went to the botanical gardens , played an awsome soccer game and went to a small BBQ where five little kids beat me with plastic bats , id say ive had a full day :D 
I lost my phone yesterday ... so nobody be offended if i dont awnser lols 
i made some tasty blueberry muffins ! but i switched out water with blueberry juice so it turned them grey !!!! 
ATTENTION !! if you are going to my BBQ monday plese bring some kind of food or drink ( the adress is on the event ) 
crud .. i think my insomnia is back . i went to bed at 9:02 and finaly fell asleep around 
3:56 A.M -a wonderfull way to start out the new year 
i wonder how many people are going to still be asleep at this time tommorow 
BBQ at my house on June 7th !! full detail on event at the group page LifeisGood 
my BBQ was awsome !! even tho like only 7 out of the 63 people i invited showd up x.x but those seven were party animals !! and conner ball and his family showed up , and conner and ryan body boxed ( ryan won lols ) 
well i finaly made that group to do fun things over the summer with ! 
olleh , i nac eitrw sdrawkacb !!! 
im on facebook from my wii ! dont you love todays technology !!! 
Cant find my phone charger x.x my phone is completely outta batterys , i feel so unconnected to the world x.x x.x x.x x.x 
I got the adress for my bbq wrong x.x i corrected it , but i just hope people dont go to the wrong place x.x x.x 
im gunna get called in to the office tommorow x.x anna turned me in for the list , 
she said some reaaaaly nasty things to me while yelling at me for it today at lunch 
but oh well , forgive and forget right ? so i forgive her 
I made delicous flan ! ( a spainish custard dessert with carmalized sugar ) when it comes outta the oven im gunna take a pic and put it on facebook ! :D -hardest recipe ive ever done !! 
Hacked By Your Sister Big Bro (: 
HALLIE IS AWESOME . ? 
Call me a nerd but ive gotta get the laptop from my sis so i can play Spore x.x -it wont play on this old computer :D 
" tho a candle burns in the house , nobody is home " -jack O'neil ( stargate sg1 ) 
I hate Acc Enlish so much T.T 
GRRRRRR !!!! i cant remember what to do on the doubble entry journel for acc english !!!! 
i should make an organized group of freinds who plan fun activitys together , like rafting , camping , hikeing and movies and picnics ! but what would i call it ? 
i just mowed a lawn for $20 !! yeah !! now im not broke !!! 
im goin to the oregon coast for a week !!! a cabin right on a privite beach where your looking right at the ocean !!! 
Girls are all crazy !!!!! 
Grrrrrr .... some teens in my naborhood have gouged holes in my favorite tree , such a nice tree to climb ... and some idiot has sliced it up with a knife !! darn idiot ... 
mmmmmm ... pumpkin pie ... yum .... 
isnt Valantines day amazing ! Even if your single you cant complain , cuze theirs more types of love then just romantic love 
i just made a freakin awsome page !! its called Brennens united ! ( for Brennens/Brehnans only ) 
darn school people mashed up my schedual , now i only have two classes that are the same 
If you saw me in 20 years , Wearing a wedding ring , Who do you think I'd be married to ? If you're Brave you'll set this as your status and see what names you get . I dare you . ( this sounded fun so i did it lols ) 
I think i acsedentaly figured out how to meditate , sitll have to figure out how to spell acsedentaly tho 
I think i might go vegan 
im back from oregon everybody !! 
i have decided to cut my hair short 
my dog ran away ... 
SEE HOW MANY PEOPLE YOU CAN POKE !!!!!!!!! i challange you to a poke-off !! fear my pokeing skillz !! 
Its strange how you can feel time slipping away , but its always there , no matter how much of it is gone 
i was thinking on the way home .. and then a weird looking car drove by .. and i forgot what i was thinking about . but apperantly it was very important 
yaaaaaay i finaly got my phone back !! its been missing for two months -it was under the seat in the car -.- 
Going to school 
anyone up for playin wii party ? 
.......... does anyone know how to use google maps ? 
like this if you play pokemon !!! ( platnium , pearl , diamond , HG or SS ) 
Nobody seems to go to the park near my house anymore ... whered all you guys go ? 
thanks everybody for the birthday wishes !! :D 
HaHaHA !! i just bought an ozzy CD with 29 songs !! and the only muse CD i dont own !! 
* creepy mad scientist voice with a strong lisp * mwahaha now my cowektion is compweet !! 
Check out the weird morphed photos everybody ! beware you might be morphed next ! * evil laugh * 
Football is so boring :/ 
Hallie dosetn use her name !!! she uses hazle instead !! i said , why not ? you were named after hallie berry . she said , yeah .. cuse shes black . SHE IS SUCH A RACIEST !!!!!! -i think she was kidding but you can never be shure with that girl -.- 
if you had to choose one wich would you choose ? 
-Monk(eastern ) -Cowboy/girl- -a puppy- -a tree- your best friend - a carboard box- a hobo- or a peice of gum ? 
what !!!????!!! Someone made an exact duplicate of my profile !!! -im gunna kill you hallie -.- 
THIS LOSER WAS HACKED BY HIS SISTER HALLIE JONES :DD 
just went to the mall ... got some summer sausage samples from hickory farms , i think thats what i want for christmas 
HaHaa fear the morphing powers of my Dsi . nobody is safe !!! i already morphed patrick and BEn ! your next Austin Reid !! Mwahahaha 
i just played an aswsome soccer game !! and then the next team playing asked me to play for them beacuse i played so well !!!!! -im having a very good day :D 
yay haunted world tommorow !! 
My Drivers ED class keeps putting me to sleep , that teacher just has such a monotonous and quiet voice 
why is everyone changing their pictures to cartoon charactors ? 
very boring day today .. i dont know what id do without netflix 
ATTENTION !!! Name your favorite Cereal !!! 
dose any one know what the " anata " part of -Anata wa baka saru desu- means ? cuse i cant remember x.x 
I just founf that old recipe for hard tack from 9th grade , and i cooked some up , and its delicious !! 
hmmm ... it seems like nothing interesting is happaning these days 
I ALMOST DIED TODAY !! 
ATTENTION !!! what is your favorite animal !! 
yes ! that three hour online videogame has finally loaded !!.... noooo !!! my computer just crashed !!!!!! time to re-download .... again ... 
EVERYONE WHO SEES THIS PUT DOWN EXACTLY WHAT YOU WERE THINKING THE MOMENT YOU SAW THIS !! -lets see what we all get lol ! 
hmmm ... if i go to sleep at 9:30 do you think there will be a chance i will wake up in time for lunch ? 
Goin up to Bogus in 10 min !! im gunna go off some sweet jumps !! ( and probubly face plant x.x ) 
Click LIKE if you enjoy music . and if you dont like this you hate puppys and baby pandas !!! 
Hacked (: 
By * Ha " Camden " llie * And 
We Are Amazing And You Are A Stupid HeteroSexual :D 
ELDER SCROLLS 5 ( SKYRIM ) WAS ANNOUNCED TODAY !!!!! ( comes out on 11-11-11 ) 
post the numbers of your favorite christmas things ! 
1)Candy Canes 2)Christmas Trees 3)The Christmas Ham 4)Brehnan 5)Presants 
6)Christmas Decoration 7)the true meaning of Christmas 8)Secret Santa 
9)Christmas eve 10)Your family 11)Stockings 12)Snow 
Who actually knows me ? I bet NOBODY can answer all the questions correctly ? First name____ Middle name_____ Last name_____ Age_____ Birthday_____ Where i was born_____ Eye color_____ Hair color_____ Nickname_____ Favorite color_____ my 2 best friends ' names_____ . put this as your ... status and see your result ... 
what will have changed by this time next week ? maybe nothing , 
but possibly everything 
darn mail people .. im not going to wait three business days for my ocarina :( 
Welcome to burger king , may i take your order ? 
dont you love when teachers walk by you and only hear the one part of your conversation that is particularly bad 
whats with fast food returants and their 100% Angus beef , i hope they realise that cows will eventually stop naming their kids Angus 
how many people used to play the game " runescape " 
Trying to save up for a Macbook Air ($999 ) on my current allowence this will take ... 
.. ( types franticly into calculator ) .. only 49 weeks !! yaaaay !! 
