I beat Final Fantasy IV , and now I'm playing New Game + . I loved the story , as expected from Final Fantasy . ^_^ I'm so happy , because this is the first Final Fantasy game I've beaten before my bro , and I liked it . XD 
* Ultraheaddesk * I just got done with the first quarter of the school year , and now have until Wednesday to relax ... I don't know what to do with myself , and I feel empty inside . :| 
THANK THE LYORDUH . I HAIZ BEEN SAIVEDUH . I FINISHT THE ASSAYINUHMENTUH . HALLIJEHULULUH !!! 
Current location : Tennessee . I saw a license plate that I think read " LV2 TANK " . I laughed , of course . :P I also saw something oddly suspicious ... I saw two small white crosses , they weren't within the same sight of each other , so that made it a little creepier ... 
Good night PBT(Posh British Teen) ! Hope you get good sleep ! 
Dad : " * Something about Sed and Li * " Dad : " Now you get $25 , Alex . It's not your fault you don't have a girlfriend yet . " Me : " BUPHTHTHT ! Shuddup ! XD " Soyeh , I get $25 because I don't have a girlfriend . Not sure if I should be happy or not . : L LOLJK : Money is money . 
Huzzahith for being legally 15 , and having cake . 
Kids these days . : L 
Dead Rising 2 : I was saving these guys as a store . I tried to get somewhere safe to check my watch , to see how I'm supposed to get back to a shelter ... I accidentally go to a different room , trying to find safety . Well , I go to a random movie scene , where I see this guy , he runs , then a man behind me knocks me out ... 
I have redefined playing " The Game . " Would you like to play on Preschooler Very Easy ( Lose every month ) , Preschooler Easy ( Lose every week ) , Very Easy ( Every three days ) , Easy ( Every 24 Hours ) , Normal ( Every 30 minutes , which is my setting ) , Hard ( Every 10 minutes ) , Very Hard ( Every 1 minutes ) , " Batshit crazy ( Credit to Landon Geunther for this ) , " ( Lose every second ) 
Gawd , I got a single Hymn stuck in my head because my Dad used to sing it when he was bored . XP " Nobody Knows the Trouble I've Seen . " He'd sing the same line over and over again , hardly changing when he actually differed . 
Stopping the dream journal , because I'm 100% sure about a few things . 1 . My dreams are a pain in the butt . Even for me ! 2 . Most dreams consist of memories within a recent , or long time ago . 3 . My dreams happen whenever the heck they want , so I shouldn't bother with them . :p I think I've had them more often since the journal , though . :/ 
Nuuuu !!! I wanted to make a motivator of Goku punching through a door , making a " Heeeere's Johnny !!! " reference , but my print screen isn't working ! This is horrible ! 
* Giggles * I might be able to avoid buying 3DS ... 
It's supposed to be backwards compatible with games , so hopefully it doesn't matter if a game's meant for 3D ... If I'm lucky , I could buy the games I want for it . :D 
I left 4 sodas in the freezer on accident , wanted one because I knew the least splodey one was slushy , so I got done letting it fizz , broke it open with my hands and teeth . I call it my fun-can ! I cut my tongue on it , and there's blood in my snow cone . :D 
I saw this thing about the environmental state of the Florida Everglades , and it got me thinking about all the landscapes over the USA .. Wasn't almost all natural landscapes worldwide in that one country ? Doesn't that make the US one big environmental wonderland ? :p I'm just thinking . :P 
Everyone in my party are at least level 75 on my Final Fantasy 4 game . That final boss is in for a whooping soon . :P If I bothered with augments early in the game I'd be invincible . ^_^ 
Ugh ... Almost back to the portion of Final Fantasy IV where I have to level-grind .. @_@ Well , I don't have to .. Having unnecessarily high levels to avoid death just makes me feel happy , safe , and secure . :P 
* Gasperz FOR Japserz !!! * Someone on a comment for a song from Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann said this year , this spring , it gets a prequel !!!! * Fangirl scream * 
I'm starting up . hack// as a new anime series for me . :) I remember seeing it as a kid , and I'm going to see it all now ! 
Interesting thoughts from a comedian I heard around a week ago , maybe . His daughter called him poo-poo head , and in adult speak she just called him .. Figure the rest out yourself , I think it's obvious now . :P 
" 500 Internal Server Error 
Sorry , something went wrong . 
A team of highly trained monkeys has been dispatched to deal with this situation . 
If you see them , show them this information , " First time I ever got this error . I believe I win +1 internets for this . I love this error , and I've only ever heard of it . :D 
Brother has new Katana and 4 throwing stars for his birthday . :p The Katana has no hilt , so he'll probably get cut . :D 
This was me when I went on my favorite streaming site this morning : " Just when I think I'm almost done with . Hack , I get on , and check the most recent uploads ... And Guess What !?! There's a brand spanking new . Hack series made in November 27 2010 . >___>" 
Meep . 
" Back from my 4+ mile walk .... I don't think I'll ever be this physically exhausted again in my life ... Ever .. " And I mean it . D: 
The Prophecy has been told . They may work together in this game , but in reality , Chuck turns evil , Lee is resurrected to stop him , and once he defeats Chuck , Jackie has his Chinese bloodline activated to save the world from a Zombie Lee with no one left to stop from doing evil . Super Jackie is his name . 
Hetalia Axis Powers got snatched up by Funimation . :P This might be interesting . \o/ 
Happy New Years To Anyone Who Lives 5 Hours Behind Me ! And Since I'm inconsiderate of the Ocean Dwellers on the other side of the planet , forget you guys !!! 
Happy Veterans day , Mother , Father , Aunt Cory , Aunt Gretchen , Both Grandfathers , and whoever I'm not familiar with that served . :P 
Bro's pretty psyched about trying to win the Unity contest before it ends now that I JUST told him about it . He pinned me as the artist ... Just hope I can be of help . : < 
* Kicks sheer stupidity in the groin*Ehehehehehee !!! I got proficient on everything on my PSSA scores except writing composition . :DD 
Villain : Watashi Wa Shinen .... SHINENZU !!!!!!! Captain Falcon : FALCON PAWNCH !!!!!!!!!! .......... Captain Falcon's supposed Successor : Captain Falcon !!! * Epic Splosion/Music * 
Murry Kris Mass , Guise . : L Hap E Holly Days , two tho see hue d'oh'n't ha v -- I fail at changing the wording . : C You get the point . 
This song goes straight out in dedication to the people who passed and pushed for the law of making Pennsylvanian teenagers wait until they're 15 to get a permit ! Content Birthday to me-e-e-e ... Content Birthday t o-o -o-o- o-o - O-o Me-e-e-e ... CONTENT BIRthday t o-o -o-o- o-o -o-o- o-o M-E-E-E-E-E-E-E !!!!! Con-tent buh-huh-earth-daAAAAY ... TOOOOO MEEEEEEEE ~ Thank you , you maniacal monsters . 
Happy New Years To Anyone 2 Hours Behind My Time ( If I stayed up long enough to greet the Hawaiians , it'd be morning here D: ) !!! 
Those lying people at the school tricked me ! D: January 8 is when our break's over my rear-end ! I'm gettin ' all these emails on my school laptop about it being over . D: Wait ... 22nd of Dec ... 8 days ... 3 ... Is it over ? D: * Hits the Noooooooo Button * 
Happy New Years Anyone 1 Hour Behind My Time !!!! FIRSTT ~ !!! `1231 !!! lololololol . : L " 
Kicked Ced's butt at Webopoly . :D 
Out of Kerosene in the furnace again . Hating life again . ? _ ? 
Grind = Grinding out exp from weaker monsters to increase your level . I do so exponentially , causing me to beat a majority of RPGs . They see me Grindin ' . They thinkin ' . How they hell is he level 30 !? Tryin ' to catch me grinding 30 ! Tryin ' to catch me grinding 40 ! Tryin ' to catch me grinding 50 ! Tryin ' to catch me grinding 60 ! My level so high ! I'm grindin'! They hope they gon ' catch my level 70 ! * To be continued !? * 
Almost done typing a list of anime I haven't finished or seen . I'm going to start on P right now , and I've got 76 Anime ... I'll be dead before I'm done watching it all . >.>; Think of all the manga I have to read , too .... OH , AND BEHOLD ALL THE WATCHABLE ANIME AND MANGA THAT MAY COME AFTER I HAVE AGED ! 
Snowball Kitty came home after being gone for so long . :D He's acting awfully energetic from looking so worn out . But I'm just glad he's home , and okay . ^__^ I mean , the flood must've been a big deal for him , and ANYTHING could've happened when he was out there . It /was/ 
About halfway done with . Hack ! Now onto the " . hack/Tasogare no Udewa Densetsu " series . Then I've got a 26 episode series , followed by a movie . THEN I'll be done with . Hack anime . :D I'll just have to see or play the entire . Hack game series after that . 
I named my pencil Stephanie because it accompanies the name Steve as a female counterpart . CEDRIC CAN'T UNDERSTAND . HE HAS TO MAKE EVERYTHING MAKE ME FEEL WRONG . D: WHY IS HE STILL EXISTING !? 
Literature's being a lot like History right now ... >__> I want to read stories ! Also , just when I'm impressed with the intelligence we had back in the 16th century , I read things like people using led for just about every cosmetic thing , using mercury for their skin , making fake beauty marks , and drinking puppy urine , thinking it helped their skin ... I REALLY think people were stupid back then . 
Just finished Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann in Japanese with English Subtitles . :D Giga ... Drill ... I love that anime ... It's the best Giant Robot anime ( 100 X better than Gundams any day ) , and it's darn well in the top 10 of my favorites . Probably top 5 or top 3 . 
12 Days until I'm 15 . * Ridiculously happy face * 
Happy New Years To Anyone Three Hours Behind Me !!! 
I hereby add " Truthiness " to my personal dictionary/vocabulary . It was put as word of the year 2006 on Merriam Webster , Stephen Colbert's the man mainly responsible for this , and churches , like all great churches that have weird banners on their signs at the church , used it for one of the writ-e-ma-bobs . 
" c 1 . Go on google search 2 . Type " where is chuck norris " 3 . don't press enter , click on i'm feeling lu ... " I like what is says when you do it-In fact , I find it freaking hilarious-but I really wish it did something similar when you ask where Bruce Lee is . :D 
Just finished watching the Alice and Wonderland sequelish movie . I love how a good movie automatically gets made stupid by making the end credit song some retarded pop music . I don't care if the lyrics involve the story in the least bit . IT'S A BRITISH MOVIE CLASSIC , NOT YOUR AMERICAN POP MUSIC DELI MEAT . QUIT BUTCHERING THINGS . 
NEW EPISODE OF HETALIA : WORLD SERIES . I AM SO ENTHUSIASTIC . O__O 
Making a list of anime to watch from a single site , and still having hundreds of titles on the side you eventually have to read or watch because it's not on that site gets scary . o_o 
Happy New Years !!! 11 ! First ! 
Happy New Years To Anyone 4 Hours Behind Me !!! 
On Otaku-Streamers I've logged almost 27 days worth of anime viewing . That is almost one month . That's about 700 hours on Otaku-Streamers , and about 40,000 minutes on Otaku-Streamers . I've logged at least ( or about [ or over ]) 4 million seconds of time on Otaku-Streamers . This is time used watching anime . Not sitting around doing nothing . 
Good news : The producers actually matter . Fooly Cooly , Gurren Lagann , and Evangelion were all produced by the same people . And they're all hardcore epic anime . I know two of them are , that is . I gotta rewatch Fooly Cooly , and actually watch Evangelion . 
Next year comes the least important year of my life ( Thank you , Driver's Permit Laws . I sincerely [ Do Not ] , sincerely [ DO NOT ] thank you for ruining the only reason to be a 15 year old) ! My average 15 ! Everyone get out their carbonated , caffeine-less water ... And get your unfrosted cake ... Because this is going to be the most satisfyingly unsatisfied moment of my life ! Oh , but I get a drawing tablet ! 
Like this if you enjoy existence ( And because I'm bored ) . 
Once I finish the 25 episodes of . Hack//Roots left , and the . Hack// movie , I can finally move on from the numbers and punctuation section , and to the A's . :D I just finished . Hack//Legend of The Twilight Bracelet this morning , and I think it was kinda eh . Not as good as . Hack//Sign . I hope . Hack//Roots is good . I finished the first episode , and It was pretty okay . 
SHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIi ------------ Sed and I woke up at 2 PM on accident ... * SIIIGH * Now I get to wake up late tomorrow on a school day . Oh well -- At . least I got lots of school done over the weekend . Plan to get more done today . 
" Grow up Raj ... There's no place for truth on the internet . " - Howard Wolowitz ( The Big Bang Theory ) 

It's funny because it's true . 
Shakespeare beat out Hollywood on the romantic comedy . 
One of our cats projectile puked through my sketchbook , so I got a new one . FRACKIN CAT . D: I also saw a Chuck Norris Facts Poster for $7 , and didn't get it . On the up side , my sketchbook is REALLY NICE . 
Happy Reproducing Day ( I hereby rename Valentines , Mother's Day , and Father's Day this . Each shall be numbered by occurrence , however . Mother's Day will be Reproducing Day #2 . And Father's Day shall occur as Reproducing Day #3 ! ) ! 
I HAVE PORTAL FOR FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
" The weighted companion cube will never threaten to stab you , will never give you up , and will never let you down . " 
I beat Portal . :D Great game . One of those puzzle games I'll actually play until the end , despite being challenging . : L 
I took one about how I self-criticize myself . :D I got reassured , but that's beside the point ; I read this at the end of the test , and it's basically a motivational quote for people who have self-criticizing problems . 
I took this because I could , and I'm posting it because they wouldn't let me take off the privacy setting . " Low/No Depressive Symptoms ( Score less than 35 ) 
Your score was 12 out of 60 . This indicates that you do not appear to be experiencing significant depressive symptoms . There's not much more to say other than : good news ! " YAY FOR NOT BEING EMO ! ;D 
Canada's English dub kinda sounds like Towelie from South Park . :P 
Are you a horrible person if at first you were a little surprised with this news about this major natural disaster involving an earthquake over 8 magnitude , and then immediately thought of a Pokemon Earthquake joke about it ? 
Mom says the new pennies look like Captain America . They replaced the Lincoln Memorial with some stupid shield . 
Are you a horrible person if you reply to " What's Shakin' ? " with " Japan " ? Because I just did . 
Just read an article on Cracked.com . Do you like Coke more than Pepsi ? Well , you might be wrong and not even know it . O__O 
Just finished the anime " Popotan " . Those 12 Episodes(About 5 hours ; about 300 minutes ) pretty much define my feelings of nostalgia and memories throughout any human's lifetime . It was good , despite being just a comedy/ecchi . Although it had nudity literally every episode , it managed to actually have a plot ; Like Tenchi Muyo ! 
Literature is awesome . 
Oh , a little late , but I had this trippy dream Saturday night ; I was playing WoW with my brother for some reason , and we were both Dwarfs , but he had some stupid thing that made him cheap until some other Dwarfs started giving me tips and free items . 
I miss when there used to be education in educational television . You know ... When History Channel wasn't filled with WII Documentaries , and reality television bull . 
Ced had to make a joke of mine some stupid argument about whether Medical Science requires Biology to be a working Science . I say it does , but he's generally an idiot , so ... Anyone care to enter their opinions or facts to help me out ? I'd rather not harass my Science teacher , but it's better I don't badger her about fights caused by bad humor , instead of school . 
Saw VI - Great movie . I want to see the next one ; They always fill me with mental suspension and slight excitement . Only made me jump once before ( Third move , not the sixth ) , but otherwise it's just interesting and suspenseful to me . I also watched The Shining yesterday . Suspenseful , but not as good as Saw VI in my opinion ( Sorry Stephen King ) . 
Just finished watching Dream Catcher , the movie based off of Stephen King's Dream Catcher . Good movie . Got on my mind about as well as Saw VI did , but it was only SLIGHTLY disappointing when the end wasn't too meaningful , it seemed like some of it was BS pulled out of someone's rear-end when they couldn't come up with a better ending , and it got too actiony . 
You know what's odd ? People deeply involved with religion tend to discover the things most devout Christians find so heretical . I mean , just look at Mendel ? He discovered genetics . Darwin ? He discovered evolution , which is aided scientifically by genetics . Now , both of them were involved with religion . Darwin assumed he was a Clergyman , when the term for his career now is a Parson-Naturalist . 
WHAT DOES THE SCOUTER SAY ABOUT MY BADGE POINTS LEVEL IN KONG !?!?!? 
.... " Make love to your daughter if necessary ! " This is History ... It was an article written by a flapper from the 1920's , in the U.S.A. That quote is when she was trying to inspire parents to be more involved in their child's life , and be more understanding . How was that sentence even right ? Was she writing a fanfic , or something !? 
If you watch anime , and you're like me , you begin to notice something ... Ever notice how some anime have that " You know it in your heart to be true " line ? >_> I've seen it in AT LEAST 3 English Dubs . :\ I was wondering if anyone else noticed the same ... 
