2.5 hours of work + 4.5 hours of play = $63 (-taxes ) =^_^= 
I have dry socket . Suxxx ... 
Visit my new blog : http://tsoborderline.blogspot.com/ 
" Marx was wrong . Religion is not the opiate of the people . Opium suggests something soporific , numbing , dulling . Too often religion has been an aphrodisiac for horror , a Benzedrine for bestiality . At its best it has lifted spirits and raised spires . At its worst it has turned entire civilizations into cemeteries . " -- Phillip Adams 
Reading a philosophical book called Morality Without God , by Walter Sinnot-Armstrong . He argues that atheists are NOT inherently immoral (!!!) . I agree with the author , but just reading some of the assumptions many religious people have about atheists make me really angry . It makes me want to blaspheme over a pile of religious texts . 
Studying for a shakespeare midterm . I take the weirdest notes . 
New blog entry ! tsoborderline.blogspot.com 
Brian's right . Last night was okay . It was even psychedelic , as Tamara would say . 
Just posted a new blog entry . Check it out ! tsoborderline dot blogspot dot com . 
All dressed up ... no place to go ... * :-( I hate my life . 
New blog entry up ! TSO borderline dot blogspot dot com 
is looking forward to attending Descension tonight ! 
Had sooo much fun at Descension ! 
Things need not have happened to be true . Tales and dreams are the shadows that will endure when mere facts are dust and ashes , and are forgotten . -- Dream , The Sandman by Neil Gaiman 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT- if you are reading this , whether we speak often or not , post a comment of your first memory of you and me . when yo . u've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you . 
despises her general practitioner . 
Day one of cleaning room . 
On Shakespeare : Ironic that something meant to be performed for a mostly illiterate crowd would later become the focus of an upper-division course meant to weed out unsuitable English majors . ( My , that was a mouthful ) . 
Happy New Year ! ( Brian + me ) = 3 years today ! 
is at school for the first time in 1.5 months . 
Just had a great workout ! 
feels better now ! 
Currently taking a trip down memory lane - all the way back to middle school . ( What to expect : Irish step dancing , new age music , Greek mythology , feminist literature , spelling bee , selective introversion ) . 
is writing again . 
6 double-spaced pages / 5 years -----> 3 single-spaced pages / 1.5 hours . 
is shaking and has heart palpitations . Shouldn't have tried that weird brand of energy drink , especially on an empty stomach . 
http://www.theonion.com/content/news/gay_teen_worried_he_might_be 
needs more hairdryers that look like ray guns . Imagine the versatility ! 
Just woke up . Still tired ! 
cringes in shame . 
I lurve a durve and purve . 
doesn't care about whatever Cure Some Mom Discovered . If it really worked , " mom " wouldn't have to tell you in an annoying peripheral webpage blurb . 
" you're a disgusting pig of a woman ! " says he to I . 
" You expect to watch girls with big fake tits ? Those are SOOO 90s ! Where have YOU been these past 10 years ? In a dumpster behind the plastic surgery clinic watching Baywatch reruns ? " 
Also : bald is no longer where it's at . Get with the program . 
Yummers ! 
Ev'rybody get Random ! 
hungers for the world . 
2250 total words . 406 yesterday . Hopefully , more today ! 
Ev'rybody get Rum-drunk ? 
cthonic & catatonic & cationic 
Still up . Probably not sleeping tonight on account of waking up at 4pm . 
Trying to fill appointments . So many blank spaces . Only 3 hours left . 
Am I a cougar yet ? 
loves the retinol 
" An ' you keep yor son away firm mah henhouse ! " 
wants to be a cougar when she grows up . 
reads salacious bios . 
' s right nostril aches for a piercing . 
Excerpt from today's writing : " So which came first ? The cracking of the chicken or the cracking of the egg ? " 
: T T 
Obsessed by a fairy tale , we spend our lives searching for a magic door and a lost kingdom of peace . —Eugene O'Neill 
hunger is " what's on [ my ] mind . " 
Hindu mythology is sex . Literally . 
lurves a perv ! 
' s hypochrondia is making her sick(er ) . 
just finished her first assignment for the CSU Summer Arts Memoir course ! 
to Lee Lor Lee , Joseph L Montalbo : just checked out your guys ' blog . It's AWESOME ! I just subscribed via blogger . Look forward to reading more wonderful writing . 
wants to be a Tuvan throat singer . 
Just had a flashback to this morning , in which I fell into the toilet -- not once , but TWICE ! I then stupidly asked Brian if that ever happens to him . 
Memoir is a bitter genre ; it is the realm of those with business unfinished and words unsaid . 
" what rough beast , its hour come 
round at last , / slouches towards Bethlehem to be born ? " 
Prometheus ' fate = avian consumption of regenerating hepatic tissue per diem . * jargonic grin * 
People would sooner lick Megan Fox's ice cream cone than , say , Hitler's . Just saying ... 
is receiving a fat tax rebate ! 
needs to work out more . 
" That is the tale . The rest is detail . " 
is a freak who texts in complete words and sentences ; occasionally , she'll even use a semicolon to link two independent clauses . 
" How can a writer imagine the story of another while drowning in her own salty terror ? 

How can a woman speak without first spitting the soap out ? " 
Morning smiles / Like the face of a newborn child / Innocent , unknowing ... 
Only 12 more units til graduation ! 
studers for testies . 
FINALLY finished cleaning our room . The carpet is now clean enough to munch on ! 
" Never trust the storyteller . Only trust the story . " ( From Neil Gaiman's Sandman , #38 ) 
" Dark Earth ! dark Heavens ! swinging in chemic smoke , 
What dead are born when you kiss each soundless soul 
With lightning and thunder from your mined heart , 
Which man's self dug , and his blind fingers loosed ? " 
Nom nom . 
MILFs : they do a body good ! 
lurves Wikipedia . 
is preparing her application for the CSU Summer Arts program 2010 . 
wants to be a pollyfrog ! 
looks illegal and left her ID at home . 
is NOT doing an alchemical reading of Paradise Lost ! 
= prevert . 
starts CSU Summer Arts today ! 
just woke from the most exquisite dream . 
has found a witch ! May she burn her ? 
got into the CSU Summer Arts Program . 
As when the full Desire of a Panda is to justify the ways of Sex to other Pandas , but , two hours of Silence later , the Dark in her illumes , and she proclaims : " the Night is so young , the Bamboo so nom-able ! Better to poop green Branches tomorrow than b.s. about Milton tonight ! " 
" Truths are illusions about which it has been forgotten that they ARE illusions " ( Nietzsche ) 
" Her weakness bursts through like a fist through a soggy rice-paper window . " ( excerpt from today's writing ) 
thinks $150 is too much to pay to have one's hair highlighted . Still , she received a gift certificate for $160 and decided to go with it . They came out too coppery ; after color correcting them herself , though , Alyssa thinks her ( newly orchid-colored ) highlights look really cool . 
must re-member her Self . 
is at work , hungry , and bored . 
" Bad grammar makes me [ sic ] " 
Hiking - ( shoes + shirt + skirt ) = dirty feet + great pix ! 
Time for a bubble bath ! 
: Self/nothing 
( i am the slash ) 
conveniently received her fee deferment a week too late . Will refrain from asking for her money back . 
was waitlisted for a class . Is now enrolled . 
hates people who yell about Jesus into their cellphones for 30 minutes straight -- while in the Library . 
So Alyssa opened her little laptop and turned on Nile . Old Yeller upped his volume . She followed suit , until each of them were as loud as can be . She played " Kafir " and he left . She then turned the music off . 
Silence is golden , if sometimes bloody and heathenish . 
has realized the implications of a having a ' share ' button . 
misses 
the good old days , when one could easily use one's name as part of a 
status update written in third person . Now , people's names act as silly 
headers . What is this Facebook coming to ? 
Vowels , manners , and common sense make the web a much nicer place . 
My phone is not working . So if you need to contact me , call Brian's number ( if you have it ) . 
Last night = whoa ( in the best way possible ) . Chasing the green fairy will do that to a person . 
I like it under my discarded clothing . 
3 parts Red Bull + 1 part Long Island Iced Tea 
" today is the day I pick up things from the place where they do stuff " 
1.2 oz of Pacifica Sandalwood Parfum = $22 ; Driving home with the windows down while fervently sniffing one's hand and becoming intoxicated by the smell : priceless . 
is learning stuff about people doing things . HAM ! 
" Ev'rybody get Rambo ! " 
= Renaissance Girl 
