need MW cell phones 
need energy pack 
electrolite high ... Fun 
slumber party for my nephew D . 
nasty 18 hr . germ on sunday with no after affects or system setback ... diagnoisis It's just Tracey again ... wierd right 
conserving energy for a big week of productivity ... if I can ? 
very wierd right now 
took time out from tech willpower strained 
back to my normal today ... yay ! 
struck by a Garfield the cat Monday ; Productivity Tuesday ? 
why dont all my friends who are on line apear in chat ? 
passed check for swine flue ... it fears me 
home safe and sound from cullan bash 09 
clean slate for fall term 
will spend the weekend doing ? ideas my friends ? 
Tuesday on track 
Monday ok ... the Weeek ????? 
Doctors lifted fencing ban ... yay now I can spar and teach 
thurday hope for a productive weekend 
19 item to do list for extended plan outlined ... now to start 
needs a life coach 
will try for a productive week ... if I can 
productive day but still dissapointed my last few posts didn't get more reaction 
feels all Americans have a right to sense of humor If you do not have a sences of humor I will appoint one free of charge 
is mindless today 
is back to my normal and working on time management 
is glad to have been raised with a repect for civility and good manners . Also , Sad it is not the same for evreryone ... even in the House . 
weekend was shot but monday is great as I get out of my hermatige 
is high on electrolites tonight 
Tell you what ... let me run Healthcare , Education & the Economy and we will all sleep well 
over slept until 11:50 day a waste Shame on me . 
Working out mentaly 
Planning .... 
need a change of scene ........ Now ! 
Productivity 10% 
electrolite overload or Fri . will vedge this weekend 
what happened to the main page feed ? 
changed to fall wardrobe knew my scene was getting colder 
is on the Jazz ! 
why doen't chat show all my logged in friends ? 
spent the weekend viewing the coverage of the late Sen. Kenedy 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
no retreat ... no surrender 
what should I be for HW ? Need input . 
cleaning my cave for winter hybernation 
Please discribe me in 10 words or less . No Joke 
brain on overdrive can't sleep 
is working on her CV and trying to find a free party room in Omaha for a Honor Society function input for both welcome please 
slow day today but a great week overall 
new haircut ... I am human again 
If you have a chance , post a comment of the first memory you have of me that pops in your head . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status - you'll be surprised what people remember about you .. 
needs a personal major domo 
new week new adventure 
is looking for creative , leagal , reliable means of beefing up my holiday shopping fund . Ideas please ? 
is looking for creative , leagal , reliable ( scam free ) means of beefing up my holiday shopping fund . Serious input needed please ? 
Will be the 21st century Leo D . Come allong for the ride 
my computer needs dialsys 
new profile pic is on my ooo shiny list 
thinks humans get jipped by lacking the ability to hybernate 
verify your accounts friends or poof your gone ! 
Holiday too soon I need more time 
too cold here 
is not the successfull Holiday sneek she once was . 
is being eaten by a shark 
Happy Thanksgiving to all ! 
night is day and day is night sleep upsidedown 
Lets see how honest FB friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting ... Wonder if I have 20 brave friendsabout 
the process for new year resolution planning is now open for submissions . Please let me know what improvements you would like me to make . Thank You . T . 
Just got out of a 28+ hour I.V. electroliete fluid replacement stay Happy 2010 ... oh and I HATE Cold Weather .. and viruses 
2010 my year 40 + 40 just resolution 1 need 9 more 
useing the snowtime to plan 2010 
In memory of family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your page if you know someone who has or had cancer ? . Dear God , I pray for the cure of cancer . Amen . ( 93% won't copy and paste this , will you)32 minutes ago 
Merry Christmas everyone --- Party at my place if you can excivate your way here 
excited for family wedding this weekend 
has outdated computer data and photo files that won't open or are listded as type unknown needs to poen and update them any ideas ? 
yet another chance at productivity 
dislikes the fact that typing too fast makes her look like she doesn't know how to spell or communicate like a fool 
I jumped on Chuck Norris in your bathroom because Big Bird said to and he's my leader . 
I just saw Yes Man the movie . Anyone want to try the 24 hour yes challange with me ? 
" For there is nothing covered , that shall not be revealed ; neither hid , that shall not be known . " 
keep your friends close and your enemies closer .... also buy a big house to have enough room for them all 
" Truth will out " ~ unknown or at least I don't remember the author of this 
is going to find out who hyjacked her account and will follow the governments policy on hyjackers to the letter 
Stability and safety or truth and freedom which would you choose in your own life 
If the job is not fun ... why do it ? 
Can't wait for December 2012 . Go Myans ! 
Doppelgänger ideas please 
is in a rutt 
packing up facebook in storage for lent see you all in 40 days or so . 
everyone on my holiday list gets a cup of snow ... enjoy 
It's time to show the world that more of us support our troops than those that do not . If you support our troops , please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour !! If you don't stand behind our troops , then please feel free to stand in front of them !!! 
Stability and safety or truth and freedom which would you choose and which is the higher value set 
need more motivation and self-disipline 
There is no " good time " there is only Now ! 
will be free and back on the streets by dark . some out patient follow up , but that's just another day of being me , thanks to all for all the prayers , cards visits , and well wishes . 
home day 3 " A " OK , weekend looking good , next week packed will follow up appointments , good time to read some books . 
A normal person has 1000 wishes . A SOLDIER/SAILOR only has one , to come home safe . I know 97% of you wont post this as your status , but the 3% that do are my friends . In honor of someone that died , a wounded warrior , or who is fighting for your freedom , please re-post in their honor . 
is not invulnerable just indestructable 
went to " The Kings Speach " with my M&D & Michaela , great Movie , on the way out realized grandma Olive and great grandma Boes hear the real thing live . Remarkable ! 
All of us have a thousand wishes . To be thinner , have more money , a new phone , a bigger house . A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer entirely . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is FIGHTING cancer , please post this for at least one hour 
another day at the home ... oops I mean at home 
is signing off for Lent see you in 40+ email or call me ( see my info page for #) 
I have returned ! 
can it rain only on the plant life and farm land please ? 
real question : how do you keep organized & stay on track ? 
what to do this weekend ? 
retiring from FB games 
is about to go Nuke ! 
back working and will continue to work even after my brain is in my new jar . 
remember how to think not what to think 
catching up on FB if I have not posted to you yet don't worry I am just thinking of somthing worthy to say . feel free however to give me ideas of what you want me to say . .... yes I am in a focused mood , thanks for asking 
I have accepted I type as fast as I think and make keyboard mistakes- now the world can be at peace knowing I am not devolving as a user of the English Language 
How does one keep organized and on task with a heavy & dirverse load in life ... need tips and systems also a technology tutor ( no joke ) 
annother year not dead is a good one ... yay ME ! 
Happy 71 dad 
Back at CPACS , too much work to mess with white coats 
Gravity BAD !... Make it go away or at least optional 
is ready to fill her social calender for those times under 90 degree heat . who's first ? Please don't push I have many times open . book yours soon . 
wants to start a think tank who's in ( for real ) 
Saw Green Lantern with Michaela Cullan Altenhofen & Dylan 
evil wins when " the good " do nothing ! 
was attacked by her sisters car alarm ... near hart attack 
yes I have a lot of posts very sorry but I am working out a mood online instead of the real world , I don't mean to abuse FB 
oops answered too many polls and got blocked sorry , I just lost track 
time for a new constitutional convention , I would love to attend . 
forcing a hous-wide clean up by making a big mess 
The " joker chair " feel great and runs like a dream ... pictures to come 
saw batman begins for the 8th time .. coolest movie . 
needs to find a talent and a direction in life ... please advise , thank you 
some people go around making a mess and wrecking things , unaware of their surroundings and the fact that other people are affected by their actions , but they choose not to see or care about the chaos they make 
getting a vascular port on Thursday . also I hope , some happy meds 
Tomorrow I begin to be one with the Borg ! I look forward to assimilating the colony to my way of doing things 
the port is in and all is well 
first use of port successful painkillers good to me . 
is stiff and sore but alive for a Monday 
what would you list as my talents ? 
luck changing , found working headphones in a box , no need for ear buds that hurt 
is a slothful bum 
Respect what does one need to do to get it ? Real respect not just admiration and well wishes , fans , good feeling etc . 
hibernating now 
staying up to see the sunrise 
Dylan is off to Texas with his grown ups 
" Our nation demands much from its military , and the retirement benefits in place are not gifts . They have been earned through blood , sweat , toil , repeated deployments , missed births , birthdays , anniversaries and sometimes loss of limbs or life . Shifting the burden of our nation’s fiscal mess on to the backs of our military-less than one percent of our population who volunteer for decades of service in harm’s way defending our way of life- is morally bankrupt . " 
-GEN Sullivan 
needs a new mentor and a new Dr. Watson 
needs to be warmer , turning into an old weather carank 
" 24 " go bye bye ?? Boo ! 
today is a drag tomorrow will go better 
There is no honor in taking one's own life it is the last selfish sinful violence of cowards . 
True valor is facing life as it is , not making it into an illness . 
God , Family , Pals , the rest of the omniverse ! 
supports a gravity optional legislation 
does anyone remember the name of the old guru or hippy on the halmark cards at the same time as maxine ? I can't find him anywhere he was cool . 
Some daemon is messing with my wheelchair order . Time for Devine intervention . 
need a productive week ; odds 12,342,156 to 1 
I am still in need of a tech overhaul and education , as well as a person good with mechanical things 
I have met my goal and proven I am not a tech adict 
Let's see who is paying attention ... Every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as a friend but also as family ! Let's see who is on my friends list actually pays attention . Copy and post this on your status . I will be watching to SEE !!! 
A Soldier or a Veteran is someone who at one point in their life wrote a blank check made payable to ' The United States of America ' , for an amount ' up to , and including their life ' . That is honor , and there are way too many people in this country today , who no longer understand that fact ! Copy and paste this if ... you are thankful for your freedom 
is " lie to me " still on tv ? 
is on the proverbial limb with a chain saw .... doing a tracey think ... pray for me 
bracing for storms 
I am in severe need of a 21st century tutor for tech etc . 
PC or MAC ? Vote now for what I go with 
need to get my bio chem stats sleep patern steady again 
what's next ? 
In my inbox ... tell me something you've always wanted to tell me . I'll keep it between you and me . Post this as you status and see what people say ! :} 
still operating according to factory specs 
If you don't know . . . as of today , Facebook will automatically start plunging the Earth into the Sun . To change this option , go to Settings --> Planetary Settings --> Trajectory then UN-CLICK the box that says ' Apocalypse . ' Facebook kept this one quiet . Copy and paste onto your status for all to see . 
chance for meltdown by Tuesday 98.7% 
Happy New Year ... now pass the Tums so I can go to bed and forget this year ever took place . 
Am I just not funny or have I out stayed my FB Welcome ? 
Those who passively stand and watch the train of injustice , cruelty and tyranny go by should be dragged behind it 
just realized I am the onlyTracey M Cullan alive in Nebraska ... I am an endagered life form facing extinction in the next 100 years . Help me . 
I AM A HANDFUL - Unfortunately most women WON'T re-post this . I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken , and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle but I love and give with all my heart . If you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you are a HANDFUL , re-post ! I dare you .. 
still looking for a new mentor and a new Dr. Watson 
needs focus 
serious pole based on my hero v . villian quiz result . my status has been challenged by some on FB . so dear friends , what % oggd or evil am I ? vote now results will be compiled and the peer review answer will be posted by Monday noon 
to clean or burn it all .... that is my internal debate 
Mulberry Lane on PBS/NET kicked off for UNL Volyball Boo ! 
the group asking everyone to change their profile picture to their favorite cartoon characters is actually a group of pedophiles . They're doing it because kids will except their friend requests faster if they see a cartoon picture . It has nothing to do with being against child violence . It was on that show that warns you about internet fraud and .. tonights news 
yay I am an offical spinster 
says stuff the red tape , I am building my new ride from scratch the way I want it ! Who is with me ? 
is deleting her image online due to securtiy and safety issues please honor this request 
Thank you 
never again 
I have strep toe bully hoozah for me 
Favorite Super Power - HELL FIRE ... 
them relive each and every bit of pain and sorrow they have inflicted upon the innocent . 
fathers day was good . Dad is recoveing slowly with 3-4 weeks left . strong progress , but needs distraction from hospital . 
Being a Godparent to children was my choice . I will give up things and go without to provide for . Pity some parents choose to give up on their children and never go without . Copy and paste this if your a proud parent , Godparent or grandparent who will always put the child first and not last !! 
interesting weekend : dad retired- check , party -check , food-too much , clean house recluttered- check . Now for the summer ????? 
building my escape rocket for when the idealogical zealots blow up the Earth 
Dad had a modorate stroke a week ago yesturday . He is stable and starting rehab . He will be there 3-5 weeks 
is mornning the departing of her long time friend and confidant Msr . Robert J . Gass formerly of CTK . 
dad is making good progress , boredom is setting in for him . I have run out of news and bad jokes . 
dealing with a minor difficulty but after that this year will rock for me 
dad's day 1 was a A- grade . the social part of retirement will determine the GPA . 
If the call and visit load is high then I expect a 4.0 recovery 
Dad Home Tuesday ! let the parties begin ! 
to all of the hang-ups in life , Big Deal 
in a rut 
is a bum and a leech on society 
is too healthy for a new wheelchair ...... seriously ? 
two hours and seven yaers ago my life changed drasticly . What happened ? 
Attention : Duchesne Class of 1989 
I am thinking of starting a class " book club " or some type of social group for those of us living in or near the Omaha area . the structure and meetings TBA . reply to this if you are in . thanks 
is thinking of starting a conglomorate 
Chareen Jenson Valentine - We are asking everyone to say a prayer for " Darkhorse " 3rd Battalion 5th Marines and their families . They are fighting it out in Afghanistan and have lost 9 Marines in 4 days . Please re-post this . IT WOULD BE NICE TO SEE ON EVERYONE'S WALL ! For about a minute , pray for all of our Troops . 
Saved two computers form a lockout virus 
why do people who " know me " contionue to think I am not messing with them/ 
My humor has never changed yet they think I am serious 
Homelessgo without food . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits promised to them !!! Yet we donate millions of dollars to other countries before helping our own first ! 1% will re-post 
Happy Thanksgiving 
AM ASKING IF EVERYONE COULD PLEASE PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS FOR ONE HOUR IF YOU OR SOMEONE YOU LOVE HAS OR HAD CANCER . MY WISH IS THAT IN 2011 A CURE WILL BE FOUND . WILL YOU POST IT ? JUST ONE HOUR . DO IT FOR ALL OF US IN MEMORY OF TOO MANY TO MENTION AND IN HONOR OF ALL STILL FIGHTING ! 
is going to vote for the life-long re-institutionalization of those who pose a danger to self & others . pills don't stop violence 
I need a 3D full body scan and a brain transplant who want's to do them ? 
looking for things to do now that my best buddy is off on his next adventure 
after a great day with friends at fr . corapi's talk I came home to see Mt . Dangerous , Omaha's first volcano erupt in our kitchen . life is cool 
I get the prohibition of cruel treatment of criminals but why include unusual ? The progress of society requires innovation . Why should we fear what is new ? 
happily avoiding " the Big Game " 
is not uneducated she just types to fast . 
one cool weekend , starting a social life . Get your callender spot while they are free 
is there a people on this Earth that doesn't have political turrets syndrome ? Why is history so quickly forgotten ? 
has an intense dislike for public crowds with screaming children , parents of these should be jailed as the cause of this distebing the peace , child abuce/neglect and inciting me to riot . thought I would be a human volcano today ... Boom , lava and ash for miles .... yse stressful day . 
wow that was fast the chair is back on track ... for now 
SEPTEMBER IS CANCER MONTH : In memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who has lost their battle with cancer , and in honor of those who continue to conquer it ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste , I did . Will you ? 
is full of cherry coke and introspection . 
is tired of her medical only social life ... help wanted 
is tarting a think tank . who's with me ? 
For Real . 
thinking of joining a convent ... what do you think ? 
I went to take my meds in my pill box and I said I had to exit the room to take my drugs and Dylan shouted at me " no drugs are bad ! " so I asked if I could take my medicine from my doctor and he said that was ok , but only bad people take drugs . 
I am such a proud aunt . 
What are my bankable talents ? 
Happy Christmas ! May we all be as happy and FB additcted this time next year . 
paging Dr. Greg House your equal patient is in Omaha . the Game is on ! 
Great pizza and pazaz with uncle george and aunt patty 
Urgent Notice ! 
I picked up Government issue template wheelchair today . 
I need all mechanically inclined friends for skunkworks porject to make it useable much less it passable to take out in public 
I will see if M & D can take nephew to lunch out so we can visit . is jl in ? 
als saw estelle we need to get the UNO group together before the snow 
Every 
person has 1000's of wishes . A cancer patient only has one : to get 
better . I know that 97% will not post this as their status , but I know 
that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status , at 
least for an hour , in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still fighting it 
" At the request of a facebook friend - We are asking everyone to say a prayer for " Darkhorse " 3rd Battalion 5th Marines and their families . They are fighting it out in Afghanistan and have lost 9 Marines in 4days . Please re-post this . IT WOULD BE NICE TO SEE IT ON ... EVERYONE'S ... wall 
Kids with special needs aren't sick or gross . They only want what everyone wants -- to be accepted . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least one hour ? It is Special Education Week , and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way . You never understand a situation -- until you're faced with it . 
et's see how creative you are ... leave me a 1 word comment that best describes me using the 3rd letter of your 1st name ... it can only be 1 word . Then copy & paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you . Don't just post a word & not copy ... that's no fun ! 
is in Methodist hospital with slight case of cellulites ( infected cut ) not a big threat . kidney is safe and the drugs to kill the germ must be I.V. with blood lab checks . out between 4 days to a week ball park . call my cell email or call my home for visiting protocols or any questions . no fever or pain all labs stable . boredom expected in 36 hours . 
Love , 
T . 
needs social life and spring . or will have catastrophic issues with a groundhog named Phill 
Cousins are the first friends most people ever have as children . No one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins . Even if you haven't talked much lately . Thankfully , I have some of the best cousins in the world ! ? call or visit me cousins- SOON 
Every Christmas you always hear people saying they want and bought . Well this is what I want . I want people who are sick with no cure to be able to be cured . I want children with no families to be adopted . I want people to never have to worry about food and shelter & heat . Now , lets see how many people actually care and bother to re-post this . I have a feeling I am gonna see almost no re-post 
there is a reason american " football " is not an Olympic quality sport ..... Go Fencing & academics ! 
is now accepting new years resolutions to be enacted , please be specific . Thank you . 
needs any ideas for a 2011 resolution .... Please ! 
busy day , lots of good visits this weekend . also , after all the blood I have given to the white coats to test they finally gave some back . this proves that it is possible to pay down a over-size debt a little at a time lol 
quiet night , legs getting fatter , still uneventful and stable . 
after the upcoming blizzard I will relaunch my social life , get your spots while their hot 
Happy Valentines and many thanks to all 
