Beyond happy right now !!! :D : D :D 
I hate the reading final essay ... :( 
MLIA ! :D 
Barnes and Nobles has a serious lack of flute books ... D: 
I broke out of character today on stage ... 
Cast party today ! =) 
If you hate/dislike finals , like this status . 
NJASK is half way over . Halleluhah ! 
Chocolate ! 
desperately needs a life :( 
I wonder if I'll ever start my story ... 
Going to see the play tonight ! 
Jewelry is too expensive ! :O 
I LOVE tech week so much . Don't you ? 
Waiting for something that will never come ... 
Life = Music Nuff said :D 
NJASK ... wahh =( 
Matawan idol later today 
I'm bored ... 
I just got Drawn to Life : Spongebob Sqaurepants Edition . Don't mock my video game choice . :D 
I GOT FLOWERS ! HALLELUHAH ! 
I'm sick of the NJASK already and it's only day 1 . 
2nd show tonight ! 3rd if you count faculty night . 
I want a Spirit flute ! D: 
The time students spend taking NJASK they can NEVER get back . 
Just got back from a bike ride . WOO ! :) 
Hello world ! :D 
I missed school today because I went to Sandy Hook ! :) 
I got a superlative ! :D 
Life still sucks ... 
Happy birthday ! :) 
I went to Point Pleasant yesterday . :D 
I hate outside reading projects ... D: 
The ice cream truck was across from my house today and I bought ice cream . Be jealous . :D 
I AM SO GOD DARN HAPPY RIGHT NOW !!! 
BAND CONCERT TONIGHT 7PM !!! :D :D :D 
Today's teacher night for the show ! 
I'm going to something with my life now , so bye ! :D 
I'M SO 
It's thundering outside . Whoopie . 
I hate Flowers For Algernon ... :( and the stupid test tomorrow ... 
Life can be so annoying , but there are the wonderful moments so yeah . :D 
Someone talk to me . I'm bored . :D 
has plans ! Halleluhah ! 
EATING COOKIES PEOPLE ! BE JEALOUS ! :D 
Great Adventure was awesome and bringing home 2 trophies is awesome too ! :) 
Band concert was today ! Hallelujah to anyone who came ! :D 
I can't keep up my facade any longer . I'm so sad ! ); 
I want to kill my computer right now . Oh wait , I can't . It blue screened on me . Dang you Windows ! 
Good morning world ! :) 
Just saw Eclispe . Interesting moments of ironic humor . :) 
OMG ! YESTERDAY WAS AMAZING !!! :D :D :D 
I'm bored so I have a question for you guys . Any idea how I can put my hair up for the chorus concert ? Thanks . :) 
Go to heck , outside reading projects . :/ 
Confessions ? 
Despised my first Broadway show ... :( 
Governor Christie is an idiot ! Not being able to reserve items from other libraries and cutting the funding for them ... D: 
feels insulted 
needs to make some plans ASAP 
Screw my previous happy status ... :/ 
Ugh ... math final tomorrow :( 
has advice and is still confused 
I think I'm becoming sleep-deprived ... oh well :/ 
I hate my life right now . D: 
:D 
I got a cut from my computer's keyboard ?!?!?! What the heck ?!?!?! 
So I'm having a coughing attack during the last 5 minutes of English and I need some water . I'm trying to raise my hand , but to no avail . Apparently , Ms. Furman was so busy talking about Romeo and Juliet that she doesn't notice I'm having a fit . WTH ! Finally Shaniqua thankfully pointed out my little dilemma and then Ms. Furman is writing out a pass ?! Really , Ms. Furman ?! 
Friday's going to be my doomsday ... D: 
I AM SO HAPPY !!!! 
" I've been holding your rose for a year now . Your rose still hasn't bloomed so your thorns haven't shed yet . And I'm still bleeding ... " 
Eagerly awaiting my email from Apple ! :D 
needs advice 
Is such an idiot ... 
OMG ! MY CONCERT TICKETS JUST ARRIVED !!! :D :D :D 
INBOX ONLY , 2010 is almost over , confess something you've always wanted to tell me . It will stay between us . Put this as your status and see who suprises you . 
Band dress rehearsal tomorrow , band concert Thursday :D , and concert on Friday ! :D 
Donkeys made my schedule ... 
Once more , I hate my life ... 
This 
snowstorm has pushed me back every time I try to cross it . This time , I 
almost got through , but I still didn't make it . I'm not giving up . Not 
yet . 
I am proud to say that I went to see Wynton Maralis today and I still don't like jazz . :) 
Tennis classes today ! So excited ! 
" Music is well said to be the speech of angels . " ~ Thomas Carlyle 
I'm afraid of my lunch period now ... 
What the he ** did I do to deserve this ? 
I swear ... I'll die from choking one day ... :( 
Life sucks right now ... :( 
Tennis was so much fun !!! 
Like 
my status & I'll tell you : 

1 . Something I've learned about you by 
looking at your wall for 13 seconds 
... 
2 . The color you remind me of 
3 . My 
first memory of you 
4 . The animal you remind me of 
5 . Ask something 
I've always wondered about you 
6 . My favorite thing about you 
7 . Give you a 
weird nickname 
8 . What's on my shirt now 
9 . Challenge you to post this as your status 
One 
out of every 10 people born is gay . That means they will be instantly 
put down , given bad labels , left alone , put in minority and so much else , 
for something they didn't ask for . Many gay teens are trying suicide as 
a way of escaping . If you want to tell them that life will 
get ... better ... and ... that you respect them for who they are , copy and 
paste this . Most of you won't , but let's see the 5% of you who will 
Actually went to the football game yesterday for the first time ... It was actually pretty cool . 
OMG ! I'M SO HAPPY RIGHT NOW THAT I CAN'T EVEN DESCRIBE HOW HAPPY I AM !!! 
This snowstorm has pushed me back every time I try to cross it . This time , I almost got through , but I still didn't make it . I'm not giving up . Not yet . 
BAND CONCERT TOMORROW !!! :D :D :D 
Now I'm just really sad ... :( 
2010 is almost over . So like this status if I have made you smile this year . Then set this as your status . You'll be surprised how many people have smiled because of you . (: 
I'm going to Carnegie Hall later ! :D 
90 minute delay ! Woo ! :) 
