my theories do not give a shit about Aidan Isabella Zielske 
Sometimes when watermelon is dis-rinded , it looks like chunks of flesh 
On the surface , it's about bees ; on a deeper level , it's about bees 
I'm just here to hold your hand when you die , and to show you around imaginary places 
" The Oklahoma State Senate passed a bill on 17 April 2007 declaring watermelon as the official state vegetable , with some controversy as the watermelon is a fruit . " Ahahaha ... good ol ' Wikipedia . Exposing the stupidity of Oklahoma . 
" You call that a snow femur ? You're grounded . " 
You effort to remain what you are is what limits you 
You're the best arooounndd , nothin's gonna ever keep ya down ! 
I don't want to set the world on fire ... I just want to start , a flame in your heart 
bleeding gums and veins protruding , you're starting to hate all of your clothes 
If we're still alive in the morning , then we'll know we're not dead 
is so very stupid for drinking coffee at night 
is a man disguised as a fire hydrant 
I should not be up this early . 
Sweet dreams are made of bees , who am I to a christmas tree ? 
just had a guy come to my door , try to sell me some surface cleaner , and then ask how many black friends I have ... 
If you could see where I've been , you'd touch the hand that's touching sin 
Our respect runs so dry . Yet there's still this appeal , that we've kept through our lives . 
we're here , we're dead , get used to it ! haha ... 
was just approached on the street by two drunk latino guys . They proceeded to hug me . Why am I so appealing to nice , but weird , strangers ?? 
if ya give this man a ride , sweet family will die ; killer on the road 
fair food is way expensive , and i'm not even full from it 
Has 350 milligrams of caffeine ready . Just in case . 
Pandora Radio = Pandas+Dora the Explorer 
I don't know at least 20 people on my friends list . How did this happen ? 
there's lightning in this room , above our heads , waiting to strike 
I would go out tonight , but I haven't got a stitch tooo weaarr 
my mercury's in retrograde 
a voice pops into my head , " I should rob all these teethies " , then I start thinking , " I should brush all these teethies " 
we can find new ways of living , make playing only logical harm 
Silly Putty was created by accident . They were actually trying to make Very Serious Putty . 
To GRS A2 people : does that link to the Land School application work for you ? It does not work for me . 
we bury our secrets in the garden 
why can't we just look the other way 
if there's something you'd like to try , if there's something you'd like to try , ask me , I won't say no , how could I ? 
Twenty-twenty-twenty four hours to go ; I wanna be sedated 
tomorrow I embark on a heroic journey in which I will ... harvest potatoes and ... bottle maple syrup . Wish me luck . 
This has been about the worst day for me , nutritionally , for a long time . Enchiladas , Ice Cream , Burger , Cheese Combos , and a Kit Kat bar ; I'm such a fatty . 
no truth is self-evident 
find me in the matinée , the dark of the matinée 
faith not required 
" He's clearly more sensitive to wind , so he's probably more sensitive in general . You should totally date him . " 
I don't talk to you and your friends , because your friends are not you , and I want only to talk with you . 
5-0 . Yeah Rapids ! 
GRS : does anyone know where to find out what CAS you're in ? It seems that Enrique's advisory was the only advisory left out of the loop ... 
hates when people try to help 
our talons are relinquished in a world where we are the vanquished 
one day this chalk outline will circle the city 
thought he put off a bunch of homework until today , but realized that there isn't actually much to do . Yay . 
Rachmaninov's my main man 
what are these fireworks I'm hearing by MacGrove ?? 
to the center of the city in the night , waiting for you 
I'm tired of everyone I know 
the Stepoen will rise above you all 
' s hummus ran away . Into his mouth . Damn you , small hummus container ! 
I won't disappoint you , as you fall apart 
we dance to the sound of sirens 
Your dreams are sweet and obsessed and you're overworked . You're overtaken by visions of being overlooked . 
H1anyone ? 
Whoaaaaaa , birthday love . THANKS EVERYONE !! Today was pretty awesome . 
Intimacy Remixed , awww yeaaahhh 
shut up Facebook . I am indeed connected to the internet , so stop telling me I am not . 
you whisper secrets in my ear , slowly dancing cheek to cheek 
Can you offer me proof of your existence ? 
I've lost all ambition of worldly acclaim , I just want to be the one you love 
Stop fucking hiding everything people . You are what you are , so get over yourself , and live the life you want to live . Stop complaining to people about your life when you haven't tried to change it . There's nothing to hide . We all live in the same world , and have the same reality . 
I only loved the cuddlefish side of you ... 
is unsure if a mistake was made or not 
I've got the brains , you've got the looks ... let's make lots of money 
together forever and never to part , together forever we two 
does anyone want about 15 halloweencils ? Got them trick-or-treating , and now have no use for them . Free or b/o . 
every little piece pulls in its own direction 
Ukryta przed okiem upiorów za dnia 
Aristotle was a douche 
philosophastic in virtue ; pythogeny in action , with an amphiscian dentiloquency 
bugleface is a rare condition , but easily diagnosed . 
When you have * unprotected kissing * with someone ... You are * kissing everything they have ever eaten * . 
If every game has winners and losers , then anything you can win or lose at is a game 
By convention there is color , by convention sweetness , by convention bitterness , but in reality there are atoms and space . 
while I surrendered my ego you fed yours , all my fantasies died when you said yours 
Who needs social interaction or a " real " education ? I've got iced tea , black pepper chips , and the only teacher I've ever learned from . 
the word ' weird ' is thrown around everyday for any reason . You know what weird is ? It's the difference between reality and what people think reality should be . So stop messing with reality . It's fucking weird . 
If we could see the air that we fly through , we wouldn't be flying through it . 
I have the will of a rhinoceros 
Thoughts of illicit grandeur synthesize dissembled motives . Throughout your life you've only left things to see . 
since we've been wrong , I've been part awake , since we've been wrong , you will never , ever know me . What took you so long ? 
I need a brand new skin 
i'd have loved you if you asked me 
relent to all the insolent rocks in the pond 
I used to see through the flaws of love , and accept the person regardless ; now I see through the people themselves , and reject the person regardless . 
All these german boys stealing my google-thunder(I'm looking at you , Felix Mendelssohn ) 
embrace the lacuna of space 
compassion of dolls has no passion at all , and you expect me to talk to these dolls ? 
my face ... it's naked 
if you put paper into a furnace , you know what would happen ?... You would ruin it ! 
stop me , oh , stop me . Stop me if you think that you've heard this one before 
" Physical immortality is considered desirable over its counterpart , death , which to date has been inevitable for all human beings . " This is a humorously brazen quote from Wikipedia . 
my cat can open doors almost as fast as a person . What the hell ? I now have no privacy from my cat . 
overcooked his asparagus somewhat , but DON'T WORRY . It's still good , and I am still eating it . 
some die of love , but you'll have to bury me alone 
the problem with perspective is that it's bidirectional 
Wasted effort , it seems . I spend it on unreciprocated love . 
travelling somewhere , could be anywhere . There's a coldness in the air , but I don't care . 
You never wanted to alarm me , but I'm the one that's drowning now 
To have pride in the nothings of our world : Sometimes I wish I could be granted the same things you are , but then I realize I would hate myself for being like you . 
sometimes life is simply tedious . No other word describes it better than that . 
She's got me dancing , and she's always one step behind . 
facebook has killed the term " befriend " . WHAT WILL IT KILL NEXT ?? 
Imma gangsta , imma a straight up G . The gangsta life is the life for me . Wearing women's jackets by day , baking amish friendship bread by night , being a gangsta is hella tight . 
I have a sequin for an eye , pick a rose and hide my face 
you are stronger than you think , you are stronger than you think , you are strong . Raise those arms that once were broken 
for this kind of measurement , the unit is always large mammals . 
triumph dad , triumph dad , what's it like to be so fly ? 
is it so wrong ? To crave recognition . 
paralyze me with your kiss , wipe those dirty hands on me , and maybe we're looking for the same thing 
VITAMIN C !!!!! 
scores of scores of scores !!!!! 
I've become a philomath of romance , but strayed too far from the ordinary path to learn any more . 
Much of life is nothing interpreted as something . 
you will never know who I am , and you will never know who I am not , but most importantly , you will never know who you are either . 
" Augh ... that doesn't sound right , but I don't know enough about stars to dispute it . " 
got a haircut today which makes my sideburns pop . I love being a boy just for the facial hair . 
all I want is to be nervous again , to see with eyes clouded by fear , to make decisions that I'll truly regret later . 
why can't we just look the other way ? 
realized today how ridiculously introverted he can be 
hates parenting techniques . They're so stupid . 
From now on , the only woman I'm pimpin ' is sweet lady propane . And I'm tricking her out all over this town . 
doesn't like strawberries very much . They never taste as good as they look , and honestly that bothers me . 
darling , I hope ... that my dreams never harmed you 
wasting my time talking to insolent rocks in the pond 
apparently just ate a pound of mushrooms . Adamantine middle-of-apple ! Also , hello selenium OD . 
I love my frendz lol <3<3<3 loooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooove ur boy felixx OMG I just ate sum crackers LMAO !!! 
if you give people answers , those answers will never be their own 
I'm not stable enough to switch to a different toothpaste ! 
Yeah sorry , I would have came and watched Star Buttz with you , but my 
Benjamom made me play pokemon . 
tüüveen dremicat 
is it strange to be entirely happy while doing what would appear to be nothing ? 
should I try to eat 12 ounces of spicy guacamole at 1:30 in the morning ? Probably not , but I will anyway ! 
" your hair smells much better now : like stuffing " 
brush your body against mine , let it be stained by trenchant movement , and suffice your words by staying silent . 
has countless skeletons in his closet that are missing their capacitors . 
I am done with the consumption of people . For no more will I be a scientist of love . I want to create instead of absorb this life , this reality , this unsubstantial mass of joy . 
as 24 hours came to a halt , I realized I felt a long-lost ardency , and it was partly my fault . 
just stumbled upon yaoi of characters from an 1862 Russian novel . What ??? I should go to sleep . 
I wonder if I can taste potassium ... 
nipple 4 lyfe ! 
" Grab ' em ! Share ' em ! Zip ' em ! Take ' em ! " 

The instructions on Nabisco's Snak-Saks could be easily misconstrued . 
for someone who doesn't like being harassed , you are awful at not being harassed . 
like this post , and you will have liked this post . 
OMG I LUV SHAWN KINGSTUNNN <33 JAY AHH 
" WHAT ... will you take home with * you* ? Make sure it's not AIDS . " 
I've never hated any Age more than I hate the Age of Enlightenment right now . 
" The song is about Twista meeting a woman on the street and telling her about all the things he could do for her , while pointing out her features . He tells the woman he can make her a celebrity overnight . " 
so what is my belief then ? That every person is right in their own praxis ? That merely existing subjugates reality ? 
is so in tune with the plight of the working cat 
some event is starting which does not earn my approval . I will assert my disapproval by citing the feelings I have towards that event . 
has rekindled a lost romance . That lovely lady's name is Swiss Miss . 
reality is a function of probability , but that's probably not a realistic outlook . 
I'm Felix ! and i love green , musicccccccc , dwarvesssssssssss , gnomessssssssss , greennnnnnnnnn hillssssssssss , the violinnnnnnnnnnn , and most of all , me !!! in ireland 
RJCW-UHWW , completed . 
To people who pass by me while we're walking : I don't have enough time to respond if you ask how I'm doing . I don't know why you expect me to have enough time to respond to such an open-ended question . Please stop doing this . 
there is an almost perfectly suitable size for dinner plates , and dishware manufacturers do not know it . 
