Swine flu is loose in Exeter !!! I made it out just in time 
Leaves for home tomorrow and kinda glad for it after the crappy day I've had . 
Just checked the textbooks I need this sem and it adds up to $700 . WTF ??? Almost $400 just for social/developmental psych alone !!!!! 
Now that the end is near , I wish that is wasn't 
has a full day of uni starting at 9:30 am tomorrow ... eww 
Has been feeling like a vampire . I haven't been outdoors in two weeks because of finals . Next thing you know I'm going to further reduce the types I food I eat to liquids only ... thick , red liquids full of nutrition . Like ribena :) yum . Did I mention I'm g 
Thanks all for the B'day wishes and to the cool people who came yesterday and contributed to planned you are freaking awesome . See ya'll next week ! 
needs to stop doing this 
Half a Mars bar please :) 
The Lion King was Awesome !!! 
Awwwwww shit ! Guess who has their license back !!!!!! Let's go cruising ! 
A lost battle is a battle one thinks she has lost 
misses England :( 
Misses riding . It's amazing how even 1/2 an hr on a bike can make your worries go away ... 
Has anyone seen my keys , the one on the green key chain ? Troi oi , can't remember where I put them .. 
DUNG AND LINDA'S BIRTHDAY AT MACQUARIE HOTEL THIS FRIDAY !!! 
Dreams of a better day when uni is over and the stress goes away :) :) 
My poor feet 
Arrrgh , I've got the worse exam timetable for finals !!! >.< hate it hate it hate it 
Oh My Fuck .... FINALLY got all my assessments done . Only problem now is ..... exams >.< 
Finally finished all my sit down exams !!! 
Nihil Sine Ratione ; Nothing Is Without Reason 
Just booked my hostel and tickets to the Masterpieces from Paris Exhibition at the National Gallery .... Finally something to look forward to :) 
So Nice to be in Nice 8-) 
is significantly stumped by statistical significance 
What a year 2009 was . There were hardships we endured , good times we celebrated , unforgettable places we visited , amazing people we met , wonderful people we've lost and the hope we still have for the future . Let's not waste a moment in 2010 , it will once again be an eventful year in out lives ... But only if we choose not to waste a single precious moment ! 
Let's take the courtesy bus to mounties tonight and get our drink on !! 
is excited she got to watch people pee today :D 
is sad to be all lonley at home again after such an awesome weekend in Sydney . Thanks to all the alcos for making it so much fun :p 
i smell like poo 
The reason we don't take people at face value " I'm FINE " ( real meaning- Fucked up , Insecure , Neurotic , Emotional ) . Oh , the things they teach us in psych ! 
smells .. I smell alot . I smell myself all the time . :) 
My hopes and dreams have been shattered ! I'll be stuck at Wollongong without Linda Nguyen for another year because I can't graduate from a B . psyc after 3 years and I can't apply for honours at Macq until I've graduated but I can't graduate without honours from UoW . * Cries * I'm going to be all alone at the Gong ... without Linda Nguyen :( 
Earth Hour's tonight . So I'll be studying by candle light tonight .... without a computer ! 
Wants to go to the Tulip festival . I'm so jelous of Helen Hope . The photos are so pretty . 
Is back from an amazingly awesome chocolate filled expensive and enjoyable weekend with the bestie . Thanks Linda Nguyen for organising the trip ... the sight of chocolate makes me want to vomit right now <3 
I didn't feel ' grown up ' on my 21st birthday but I do now that I've exchanged my red license for a shiney new yellow one 
oh Linda Nguyen , I miss the warm hugs alcohol gives me <3 
I like it on my book shelf . 
forgot to do laundry today .... o wellz .. i'll just turn these undies inside out ... should last me another three days or so . =] 
Craving Max Brenner 
I had a dream about the most delicious chocolate waffles and Linda Nguyen was in it and Dung Dang and Diana Huynh and Kim Mai and not Anh Tuyet Tran we're all trying to decide where to get the best chocolate ... mmmm ... Let's go Max Brenner 
<3 ' s Tan M . Vo 
Has a feeling that tonights gonna be a good night ! 
Is going to the Hunter Valley Chocolate Festival and has tickets for the 10 course degustation dinner inspired by chocolate * DROOLS ON SELF * I ? Linda Nguyen . She is the awesomestestestest ? 
In need of shore thing tickets !!!! 
Melsmellalot 
It took me 3 years to realise that I was the only asian in all my psych classes . Now it makes sense why people always remember me ... I am " The Asian " . 
I smell like carrots 
Is feeling sad now that I'm packed and leaving Wollongong . Next time I come back my bags will be much lighter because the most important thing won't be coming back with me , Linda Nguyen 
I wish I could fly off to Europe to lose myself in Venice , watch the sunset in Florence , be overwhelmed by the palace in Vienna , look for Nessie in Scotland , wander the markets in Krakow , explore the Diocletian's Palace in Split , ski at Interlaken , sip sangria in Barcelona , watch a ' football ' game in Manchester , then fall in love in Paris . If only I didn't care about my degree then wishes might come true .. 
After being in labour for 2 and a half days we finally introduce Liona into the world . Congratulations Fiona Shi and Leontye Shishkin ! 
I have a penis 
Siping sangria waiting for the call to go back to the hospital to meet my niece :D 
I lost my USB with ALL my stats work and notes from this semester . Now I'm totally screwed for the final exam , SCREWED ! 
Fails as a counsellor . 
Yay Honours ! And theoretical thesis ! Yay ! Starting research now ... not so yay 
<3 ' s smelling farts .. ' smelly ' is my middle name . 
Are you a MUSTerbator ? 
Just found somewhere to live in wollongong ! I can finally move out ! Yay !! 
For the first time today I trained it from gong to city . To make it easier I drove to waterfall but I managed to get on a train back to the gong ! FAIL ! 
Plumber , electrician and exterminator will be here in the next 2 days to fix the unit . YAY ! 
I'm about to get on a boat 
Mel says : Thanks for fixing the cupboard 
Henry Pham says : That's ok , I'm a walking tool 
A glass of wine , some yum dinner and reading a thesis on cognitions and emotions . This is my happiness :) 
YES !!! The internet is finally connected ! It's been 2 months but at least its done :D :D 
Has an IQ test ( WAIS ) for the day and needs to test someone . Any volunteers ? 
Feeling homesick for England again ... Must find a way back there soon ! 
Instead of going to class today I bought a new laptop :D 
Craving max brenner ! 
The one who does not remember history is bound to live through it again 
Il n'ya pas de vagues sans vent 
Thank you car for dying and making me miss my lifeline shift , my doctor appointment and centrelink appointment and if you are still dead tomorrow work . 
I thought people only stole parking at Cabramatta . Who thought out would happen st Figtree Westfields ! Go bite yourself asshole ! 
I farted and my undies smells like poo :( 
There's nothing better than a good friend ... except a good friend with chocolate 
It's ineffable 
In need of participants for my study- Working memory across sensory modalities : Is there a modality independent resource ? Will compensate your 1.5 hrs !! 
$450 for 2 mnths electricity in a 1 bedroom apartment with 1 student living there and the only thing thats always on is the fridge !! Shit no this can't be right ! 
If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous , he will not bite you . This is the principal difference between a dog and a man . 
Craving Cabramatta food ! Start at red lea for hot chips , an lac for main , soursop smoothie to wash it down , followed by sour mangoes and some asian cake and a chicken roll maybe some laos sweets from bkk and pho ... Omg pho ... 
