is feeling liberated :) 
has learnt today ... that gastro-stop is freaking awesome :) 
has learnt today .... that bagpipers don't come out in the cold ... two whole weeks without my ears bleeding * sigh * bliss :) 
Thank you Scott Dux for the lovely status hijack ... no you cannot use my computer again :P 
? What a marshmallow . You should hold out for someone with a stronger stomach . Someone who laughs at the gore that makes weaker men vomit . ? 
? " if you ever bring her back damaged again — and I don’t care whose fault it is ; I don’t care if she merely trips , or if a meteor falls out of the sky and hits her in the head — if you return her to me in less than the perfect condition that I left her in , you will be running with three legs . Do you understand that , mongrel ? " ? 
so would it be less confusing if I delete you from my other account now that you're here ?? 
mmm ... cereal for dinner ... tastes just like hogs breath ... 
? After all the thousand times I’ve told you I love you , how could you let one word break your faith in me ? ? 
Ok facebook ... off to have a salt bath ... I expect this space to be full of witty remarks by the time I return ... 
? " Dr. Fang isn’t sure how much pain medication I need , so he’s going with trial and error ... Think he overdid it . " ? 
sit ubu sit ... good dog . 
? I'm in a depression , sinking in . No way to get out of , this hole that I'm in . So help me please , but I don't want your pity . Don't patronise me , I'm depressed but I'm fine . ? 
this is the best status I could come up with . 
has a wonderful husband . Came home and on my bed was a lovely note and an IPad ... 
is annoyed at the world for no particular reason except she's in a foul mood - perhaps it's the full moon ? 
? " I was perfectly happy . Totally and completely blissed out . Now – well , I’m sort of pissed actually . " ? 
loves feeling sleepy ... time to snuggle up with a movie and fall asleep zzzz 
goodnight beautiful people xo 
Happy Easter :) 
Time to start putting up some photos ... stay tuned :) 
wonders if wisdom teeth can just magically retract aka go the f *** away ?? 
" I am strong because I know my weaknesses . I'm alive because I'm a fighter . I am wise because I've been foolish . I laugh because I've known sadness . " - Not sure who wrote this one but I stole it from another friend's fb status :) 
Just in case anyone is interested ... it's currently 9 degrees . My freezing point is 10 ... 
Like this status and i will tell you a like a dislike a confession and my first impression ... :) 
? " You . Got . Food . In . My . Hair ... I’m not going to forget this , dog . " ? 
Silence is golden , but duct tape is silver . 
An aunty can give hugs like a mummy , keep secrets like a sister and love like a friend . If your an aunty who loves their niece or nephew ( to the moon and back ) post this as your status . ? ? ? 
this is the second best status I could come up with ... I used the best last night :P 
Today we said goodbye to a beautiful , strong-willed , loving lady . I love you always grandma x 
is having an " ouch " day today :) 
It's not Tuesday or Sunday last time I checked ... F*$#@ off bagpipes ! 
Staring at my status trying to think of something witty to say ... 
" Don't let life discourage you ; everyone who got where he is had to begin where he was . " - R . L . Evans 
has learnt today ... [ insert nothing here ] 
blah frikking blah 
If you’re one in a million , there are six thousand people exactly like you 
has decided on 24 June she's getting the new iPhone ... something to look forward to :) 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday , December 6 , there should be no human faces on Facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is for a campaign against violence on children . 
has learnt today ... that apparently she is seen by her teams as " powerful " ... go figure ! 
? " ‘Bout time somebody scored around here . " ? 
has learnt today ... that cutting the tip of your pointer finger makes typing hurt ... FIC - that's my new acronym :) 
Do you ever wonder when you're sick where all that snot comes from ? 
goes back to work tomorrow and has a cold ... go friggin figure ! 
I had such high expectations of you , and then you had to go and let me down . I hate you Monday ! 
You heard the man ! 
has learnt today ... that somebody , somewhere is looking out for her ... and in a non stalker-ish way :) 
Is it wrong to watch the biggest loser finale with apple pie & Ice cream ?? 
80's party ... drinks ... punky spikey hair ... giddyup :) 
has learnt today .... RRRRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH doesn't actually help in the long run ... but it makes me feel better :) 
To the guy who stole my credit card details and went on a shopping spree : Fuck you and I'll see you in court you fucking piece of shit . 
[ insert witty status here ] 
Happy Mothers Day - to those who have , to those who have lost , and to those who are still waiting xoxo 
loves a 3 day weekend :) 
? This week remember all babies sleeping . Whom were carried but never met . Those who where held but couldn't take home . The ones that came but didn't stay . In memory of all Angels - International " Wave of Light " on Fri 15th October , 7-8pm ( please light a candle ) ? 
? " Did you know that ‘I told you so’ has a brother , Jacob ? His name is ‘Shut the hell up . ’ " ? 
? " It’s a pity you couldn’t replace my will with your own in the process ; perhaps then you would have been satisfied with me . " ? 
so ... tired ... nighty night all ... got to get up early to wait at the stupid Apple store to see if I can get an iPhone on my 6th attempt .... :) 
Silence when good faith requires expression is as good as deceit 
" Somebody actually complimented me on my driving today . They left a little note on the windscreen , it said ' Parking Fine . ' ” 
QPS just advised that evac centres can't take donation of goods and to donate cash instead . Done :) 
30% odds of recurrence ... could be worse ! 
Coccyx : The final fused vertebrae at the base of the spine ... sounds useful doesn't it ! 
I think I've torn my diaphragm ! 
needs to invest in a voodoo doll * insert evil cackle * 
The tooth fairy teaches children that they can sell body parts for money . 
feels like she's had a chisel , screw driver and a set of plyers in her mouth ... oh wait ... I did . Apparently the pain should peak tomorrow :( 
I thought you were supposed to be pretending I don’t exist , not irritating me to death . 
is going car shopping today ... woohoo !! 
hair done - check , make up done - check ... fake eyelashes are annoying !! heading into casino now ... wahoo !!! :) 
Just watched Twilight and New Moon ... now onto Eclipse ? 
went back to dentist yesterday , the bone was exposed and infected . Cleaned it out and put a new antibiotic plug into it which hurt like f#*$ but manageable with painkillers today ... on a side note - those ambulance whistles are pretty cool ! Dentist thinks it should feel a lot better within the week xoxo 
just fell over the dishwasher and will have nice bruises ... who does that !!! 
? You are my life . You’re the only thing it would hurt me to lose . ? 
has learnt today ... that deep breaths and " woosaahh's " do actually calm :) 
Ok ... firstly it sucks when your face is itchy but when you scratch it , it's too numb to feel the relief ... secondly - awesome quote for today " Be as willing to stand up as you are to bow down " ... Twilight quote to follow xoxo 
Early quote tonight ... before I get tipsy lol ? " I’d hate to shatter the dream world you live in — the one where the sun is orbiting the place where you stand — so I won’t tell you how little I care what your problem is . Go . Away . " ? 
has learnt today ... that f$*&heads that crash into your car and don't leave a note a freaking assholes . On a side note ... shouldn't there be a statute of limitations on bad luck within a specific timeframe ? 
? " Edward , will you teach me how to fight ? " ? 
Stop the world I want to get off ! 
? Your wish , my command . ? 
? I don’t trust myself to be enough . To deserve you . There’s nothing about me that could hold you . ? 
? You don’t want me ? Well ... that changes things ... ? 
Rydges Bankstown just asked for my feedback on their hotel ... In the words of Julia Roberts ... " Big Mistake . Huge . " :) 
And so the lion fell in love with the lamb ... what a stupid lamb ! what a sick masochistic lion ! ? sigh ? 
? How strongly are you opposed to grand theft auto ? ? 
See ... I say that I can read minds and you think there is something wrong with you ? 
? How can someone so tiny by so annoying ? ? 
Hey Rum - thanks for the hangover , screw you , ? Kel 
Any ideas on how to NOT make a 90 minute customer service presentation boring ? 
? Of all the things about me that could frighten you , you worry about my driving .? 
It's that time again ... what is the difference between a New South Wales origin team and a toothpick ? 
At least the toothpick got two points ..... 
This traffic is going to kill me !! 
now has a tooth missing and stitches in its place , and apparently tooth roots can fuse to the bone so it requires 2 hours and 7 pieces to extract . Least when I do something I do it well :) 
" You gave me two alternatives that you could live with , and I chose the one that I could live with . That’s how compromise is supposed to work . " 
knows she's getting old when she goes to bed at 9pm on a Friday night ! zzzzz ....... 
fml 
Assignments ... oh how I hate you ! 
On the way to dentist again :( Meh 
??? I don't want to be a bandage if the wound is not mine , lend me some fresh air ... ??? 
? Did you know , you’re sort of beautiful ? ? 
" I bought a cactus . A week later it died . And I got depressed , because I thought , Damn . I am less nurturing than a desert . " - Demetri Martin 
? " You know how you drown a blonde , Rosalie ? Glue a mirror to the bottom of a pool . " ? Gold Class 1pm today ... can't friggin wait !!! :) 
about to go to the dentist for emergency visit . FREAKING . OUT . 
? " I’ll miss my friends , too . Especially Mike . Oh , Mike ! How will I go on ? " ? 
? " Hey , do you know what you call a blonde with a brain ? A golden retriever . " ? 
Hates that s is beside d and keeps typing kellie sux to login to things !! 
44 days to go ! 44 days to go ! 
? " Isabella Swan ? I promise to love you forever — every single day of forever . Will you marry me ? " ? 
? " I've only allotted so much time to make you stunning , Bella – you might have taken better care of my raw material . " ? Night all xoxo 
? If we could bottle your luck , we’d have a weapon of mass destruction on our hands . ? 
? But I want you to know something — when it comes to all this enemies nonsense , I’m out . I am a neutral country . I am Switzerland . I refuse to be affected by territorial disputes between mythical creatures . ? 
" hold on a second . I think I'm having an epiphany here . " 
? You are in trouble . Enormous trouble . Angry grizzly bears are going to look tame next to what is waiting for you at home . ? 
Samara Leigh ? " You’re more important than everyone else . And you’ve given me you . That’s already more than I deserve , and anything else you give me just throws us more out of balance . " ? 
is too drink to post a tiwhglight qq2uote 
The logical part of my brain knows that I will get through this talk alive ... the reactive part of my brain IS FREAKING OUT !!! 
“Before you criticize someone , you should walk a mile in their shoes . That way when you criticize them , you are a mile away from them and you have their shoes . ” - Jack Handey 
has made a mature adult decision ... no more drinking on painkillers !!! 
Well ... that's Eclipse done ... now for Breaking Dawn ! ? " I’m having an out-of-body experience right now . " ? 
You don't really need the end bit of your tailbone ... 
? " You’re awfully small to be so hugely irritating . " ? 
Just finished her first unit - 27 pages of assessment !! can't face the 2nd one tonight :) 
needs a drink !! but I'll settle for ice-cream :) 
has learnt today ... that sometimes I just need to not give a f#&$ :) 
? " Wow , this is going to sound bad . But , honestly , it will be easier to deal with your pain than face mine ... I wasn’t born a compassionless shrew . I used to be sort of nice , you know . " ? 
wishes the iPhone 4 was out now ! I don't want to wait !! * stamps feet * 
You are sitting in a bar and a song comes on and suddenly you think of me , what song is it ? Copy and paste to your profile and see what your friends come up with ? 
Official diagnosis : dry socket been crying all afternoon from the pain . Times like this I wonder how much more I can take . 
has learnt today , that thinking today can't be as bad as yesterday is like sending the universe a double dare :) 
? " I don’t see you making yourself useful . Why don’t you go fetch a space heater or something ?... Go fetch a space heater ?? I’m not a St. Bernard !! " ? 
has learnt today ... that karma does work - the stealing lowlife update : we got his website shut down , RSVP profile taken down , and were able to give heaps more info to the detectives ... they're just waiting on my dispute paperwork so they can get him on 15 individual counts of fraud instead of just the current ones we've proven ... and since he's on parole ... heavy jail time is looking good ... I LOVE TODAY !!! 
? " You know , Jacob , if it weren’t for the fact that we’re natural enemies and that you’re also trying to steal away the reason for my existence , I might actually like you . " ? 
? " But , if I had been able to take your place last night , it would not have made the top ten of the best nights of my life . Dream about that . " ? 
? " Mom dropped him a lot when he was a baby . " ? 
Would I be doing my bit to help drain the Wivenhoe if I have a long hot shower tonight ?? 
OOOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCCCCCCHHHHHHHHHHHH 
? " The phone kept ringing . I wished Edward would answer it – I was having a moment . Possibly the biggest of my life . " ? 
whatEVER !! 
? " I guess my brain will never work right . At least I’m pretty . " ? 
has learnt today ... not much actually ... but I'm told I could change careers and become a PI or a detective :P 
For the tw-hards ... just in case you thought I'd forget your quote for the day ... ? " Is dementia one of your symptoms ? " ? 
Has started a cleaning frenzy ... on to the main bathroom now :) 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
has learnt today ... that you can hurt the insides of your elbows :P 
? I wasn’t about to send you off alone . With your luck , not even the black box would survive . ? 
? " You make me feel like a villain in a melodrama — twirling my mustache while I try to steal some poor girl’s virtue . " ? 
oops ... forgot my twilight quote this morning ... ? " Stop being so optimistic . It’s getting on my nerves . " ? 
? " Maybe I’m hoping she’ll get irritated and rip your head off . " ? 
has learnt today ... that she is more unfit than she thought ... 5 minutes into boxing I was spent :) 
mmm boobs mmm oh and weightlifters cameltoes are hot ! from Kel 
is not sure about this new facebook layout ... :| 
? " Anyone who tries to touch me drops like a human that’s been Tasered . It only downs him for a second , but that’s long enough . " ? 
Rain + dirt = 1 dirty ( but still hot ) black lancer :) 
has learnt today ... to be grateful for what I have and know that life is a blessing we often take for granted ? 
has learnt today ... that you can take more even when you think you can't . 
has learnt today ... nothing . In fact I think I've probably unlearnt a few things . I am so freaking black right now I just want to yell #($&$(^# (&@^)* $_(% !!!!! 
has learnt today ... that once the panic subsides , the day goes by much better :) 
? " We’re going to tell Alice that I ran right to the clothes . We’re going to tell her I spent hours in there playing dress-up . We’re going to lie . " ? 
has learnt today ... that the new ANZ credit card is super funky ! watch out shops ... here i come :P 
has learnt today ... that forgetting to take painkillers to work guarantees a bad day :) 
" I see PRIDE ! I see POWER ! I see a bad ass mudda who WON'T TAKE NO CRAP OFFA NOBODY ! " 
Sleep in ... Assignments ... Lunch ... Presentation ... Nap ... Dinner ... Ahhh Sunday :) 
Voglio tornare in Italia ! 
? " Even you , Jacob Black , cannot hate me as much as I hate myself . " ? 
last day of holidays ... should I do assignments , or do absolutely nothing ??... I agree - NOTHING !! 
has learnt today ... that changing from Coloxyl to Coloxy with Senna on a week day is not a good idea ... any more than that would be TMI :) 
has learnt today that it is ok to sometimes admit that I am not ok . 
? " Thank you , Captain Obvious . " ? 
has learnt today ... that Joanne Mercer's boots are the bomb ! And they were 1/2 price :) 
Thanks for the bday wishes - I feel very special xx 
has learnt today ... that telstra contractors really need to learn NOT TO CUT FIBRE CABLES !!! My whole centre was out for the entire day and had to divert staff to other campuses and transfer calls between the three sites ... what a cockup ! 
Mcdonalds has run out of quarter pounders , big macs , lge chip containers and coke cups ... Least we know there food is fresh :) 
has learnt today ... that some days require more xanax than others ... 
? " You can talk when you’re not being stupid . " ? 
Just for you Victoria Pykett Meyers " About three things I was absolutely positive . First , Edward was a vampire . Second , there was a part of him-and I didn’t know how potent that part might be-that thirsted for my blood . And third , I was unconditionally and irrevocably in love with him . " 
? " No . No way ! No , this doesn’t count . I stopped aging three days ago . I am eighteen forever . " ? 
has learnt today ... that opening 1 sliding door while closing another is not a cool idea ... result = mangled finger tip ! And yes - there was blood ( without even having to squeeze ! ) 
has learnt today ... that trying to fit 5 days of work into 1 doesn't work , no matter how hard you try !!! 

p.s. for those who are confused party is on FRIDAY NIGHT at 7pm with boat docked at Southbank in front of the big ferris wheel xoxo 
Dress fitted - check ... hair & make-up booked - check ... accessories purchased - check ... boat , balloons , champagne & food paid for - check ... karaoke hired - check ... just got to organise photo board and then look forward to a night of fun !!! 
? " You . Me . Arm-wrestling . Dining room table . Now . " ? 
has learnt today ... that 2 1/2 hours at the dentist is about as much as one can stand . On a positive I have a new fake tooth which only covers a few gums rather than the whole mouth plate and my face is so numb that my eyeballs are freaking freezing ! :) 
5 work days to go and counting ... counting ... counting ... :) 
has learnt today ... that Sambuca goes in the " no t-t o-do " list with Tequila ... well actually that was Saturday but I didn't learn anything today :P 
has learnt today ... that I finally have my appetite back - think I'm finally over being sick ! p.s. Alfie's Moo Cha bar and Caloundra is awesome ! 
has learnt today ... that Eclipse is still good the second time around ? 
Sorry in advance to Samara Leigh that I will be hungover tomorrow ... too many drinkies on a school night ! tsk tsk :) 
" I'm sorry , if you were right , I'd agree with you . " - Robin Williams 
has kicked the old painkillers for some natural medicine ... fingers crossed :) 
" It's not hard to make decisions when you know what your values are . " - Roy Disney 
has learnt today that unfortunately 30 is too young to retire ... 1st day back at work - lasted an hour and wanted to walk out again ... RAAAHHHH !!! 
has learnt today ... that putting a simple ringtone on her iPhone 4 is not so freaking simple !!! 
need food ... must hunt ... chermside here i come :) 
has learnt today ... that sometimes waiting in a 2 hour line and standing my ground pays off ... yay for the iPhone 4 !!! ??? 
" I have had a perfectly wonderful evening , but this wasn't it . " - Groucho Marx :) 
all I can hear is the kiddies in the back of my car singing ? rain rain go away come again another day ? :) 
I think I can ... I think I can ... c'mon Friday !!! Give me a freaking push ! 
[ Insert witty status here ] 
" I'm not so good with advice ... Can I interest you in a sarcastic comment ? " - Chandler Bing 
? Picture perfect memories scattered all around the floor ...? 
mmm ... holidays ... :) 
is trying to work up the motivation to do the washing :) 
The bottoms of my feet are peeling ... seriously ??!! 
On the way to dentist so exciting ... NOT !! 
Mmm steak :) 
My hat goes off to Queensland Police Service for doing a fantastic job keeping us up to date !! 
had a lovely weekend ... now don't screw it up for me Monday !! 
Off to get a CT scan for my tailbone ... hope that gives the answers :) 
has learnt today ... that sometimes good things DO happen :) 
Doing an assignment on SMART goals ... maybe if I knew how to do them I'd be a millionaire by now !! 
I like it on the chair ... 
watched the first 3 eps of Glee to see what the fuss was about last night ... I'm officially now a " Gleek " :) 
meh ... 
Little sis and kiddies having a sleep over ... loving it :) 
Happy 9th anniversary to me and my sweetie - montville , maleny , spa on the roof and beautiful dinner . I'm a lucky girl :) 
Is waiting for sarra to get out from surgery ... She was so brave going in 
hates flagyl with a passion ! 
Haloumi and bacon mmm ... Boxing training in 4 hours :p 
Dear Facebook automated name change system : you suck for not letting me change my name to Wifey !! :P 
What shall I do on the last day of 2010 ? I know ... clean my house and do my washing :) 
Meh and a bit more meh ! 
The 250ml and 350ml Up&Go's both have the goodness of 2 weetbix and milk ... shouldn't the 350ml have more ?? 
Just watched Prince of Persia ... mmm nice arms Jake :) 
Day 1 back at work ... 46 days til Christmas holidays :) 
Latest News : Anna Bligh has requested those who have shamwows or can purchase one to use it now ! 
God grant me the serenity ... 
So watching this stupid child pageant show and lady lets her 6 yr old shave her legs ... Then justifies it by saying it's to make the fake tan better ! 6 !! What is the world coming to ... 
Aussie Aussie Aussie !!! 
Heading out to jindalee to start helping one of tony's work mates 
I have an idea ... this year let's celebrate the positives instead of dwelling on the negatives . Be thankful for what we have not wistful for what we have not . Forgive and let go instead of holding grudges and justifications . Help those in need and love as much as we can ... that's what I plan to do anyway . 
I'm going to take some supplies down to the RNA Evac Centre tomorrow - if you want to contribute and can drop things off at or near Chermside let me know :) 
F**K YEAH !!! WOOT WOOT !!! :) 
They wrote notes !! Something I said was important enough to write down ! I can't express how fantastic it was - humbling and inspiring experience that I just want to repeat again and again :) 
Karaoke ... Oh how I've missed you :) 
Damn it's hot !! 
Is it 2012 yet :P 
Still trying to get home from work ... Oh hum ... 
You know somethings wrong when chermside shops are deserted ! Stay safe everyone x 
Days like today will not break me . 
What are you looking at ?!! 
If asked I would die for you but I'd rather just live for you instead 
Today I considered calling the surgeon to book me in tomorrow ... 6 weeks off work with a ( nother ) hole in my ass sounds good right about now !! :) 
The new alison iraheta cd is frigging awesome !! 
I've got flaws I've got faults you keep searching for your perfect self it doesn't matter who you are we all have our scars . 
Reticular activation system is fascinating ! I know ... I'm a nerd :) 
Kedron Wavell is apparently acting as an evacuation centre tonight ... if anyone's going up there give me a call , I'm in walking distance :) 
Passed first 2 units with ' fantastic insight " does this mean perhaps I shouldn't try so hard ? :) 
Meanwhile ... Back to work tomorrow - that came quick :) 
You know it's been a bad day when ... you lose the plot coz KFC forgot to give you the little red spoon to mix the gravy ! 
Eddie Vedder - you ARE the man !! 
Exhausted . 
blah friggin blah 
Is pissed because she just found out that what she THOUGHT was a margarita is indeed NOT a margarita !! 
Mmm cosmo's 
Went home sick yesterday ... Excluding surgery I think it was the first time in a decade !! 
Autumn seriously where are you ??!! 
You've given me the challenges ... Now give me the strength !! 
Mmm steak 
Sun shining , birds chirping , light breeze , what a beautiful day ! I love autumn :) 
Tomorrow is a new day ... 
Left for work at 6:30 ... Left for home at 6:30 ... Thank god it's Wednesday ! 
Loving life :) 
Do whatcha wanna do be who you wanna be yeah 
Assignments = 8 . motivation = -8 ... there's always tomorrow :) 
The Bagpipes have been replaced ... By a church singing badly ... :( 
Ok .. If I can't get into my work access it will be a sign that I shouldn't do assignments ... 
If only I could clone myself to do all the things I don't want to do ... 
Consider yourself updated Status 
So just found out I've been nominated for a leadership award ... The catch ? I have to write 1,000 words to prove I deserve it ... Off to work I go :) 
My 3 year old nephew told me " you make me laugh " tonight ... Awwww :) 
Found out today I spent 5 hours writing my application completely wrong ... Epic fail ! 
Does anyone else get the feeling that Mother Nature is kinda cranky for some reason ? All the best FNQ x 
When I go driving I stay in my lane cause getting cut off it makes me insane ... 
Can't hardly wait for 3 looong weekends in a row !! :) 
Fuck I hate vacant people . If you can't indicate , move for an ambulance or drive at the speed limit GET OFF THE F***ING ROAD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Last 5 day week for 3 weeks ... Woohoo ! 
For the first time in over 2 years I had a day without pain today ... Wow it feels great !! 
Day 3 without pain ... I think we should have a ceremony to farewell Duncan Donut :) 
5 sleep ins - priceless ! 
it's been a while ... time to upload some photos :) 
Hot enough ??!! 
holy smokes batman ... chermside is chaotic !! 
The Easter bunny took my hot water :( 
Just made chicken breast stuffed with spinach , garlic and Parmesan ... Yum !! 
pensa che io imparare ancora un po ' italiano :) 
Why does it always rain when I wash my car ? On another note ... Impulse buys today = a food processor and a blender ... :) 
Reading Midnight Sun again ... ? 
Ok ... I watched 2 minutes of it ... * yawn * 
