Facebook asked me " What's on your mind ? " ... the only response that came to me was this : hair . 
would like a Winn-Dixie grocery bag full of money ... 
likes to tape his thumbs to his hands to see what it's like to be a dinosaur ... 
askes : what's better than strawberries and cream oatmeal in the morning ? Answer : Everything Bagel ... mmmm , nom nom nom 
is all like " What ? You have a boy in your room ? " 
totally just kicked butt in his report back ! He even got a couple giggles out of his coworkers during his presentation . 
is excited that his first job rotation is officially over ! Next one : March 8th to May 10th , destination ... unknown . 
just found out that tomorrow's Cake Day selection is this : Red Velvet ! 
wants the new season of Celebrity Apprentice to start now ! So that he can watch Sharon Osbourne win this season ! 
thinks that he just met his professional mentor ... Iris B . Cooper . 
is now excited that the National Weather Service removed the Winter Storm Advisory for Frederick County ... 
is wondering if Chase Flott dropped of the face of the earth ... oh , and also wondering how excited Bree Holtzman is about a visit in a few days ? 
can't believe he forgot his cell phone , his coat ( it's 22 degrees ) , and his lunch at home ... 
is back to work ... 
forgot his phone on his counter ... bah ! 
is also hyper ... 
is not really that exited for this weekend's blizzard ... yay for 2-3 feet of snow and white-out conditions . 
is doing his Sunday morning ritual a little early this week ... 
needs to change his profile picture ... it's not Christmas anymore 
just made peanut butter cookies ... That way , he can eat them while he's snowed in again tomorrow ( Ft . Detrick closed again ) . 
is engaged to Bree Holtzman . 
never read " The Catcher in the Rye " and therefore , was unable to correctly answer the question : " Who was the teenage narrator in that book . " DARN ... -$600 
finally got his TDY station : Augusta , GA ! Starting March 15th . 
is being bored again .. still snowed in . 
has not been to work in a week ... they keep closing down Ft . Detrick . 
is kind of excited about this upcoming snow storm ... 
' s got Georgia on his mind ... 
is excited that today is Pay Day/Friday . 
Wonders if Chase Flott's dentist will think he lost a drunken bet , after he realizes that black stuff on his lip isn't cancer ... 
wonders why " Democrats to seek higher limit on the federal debt " by increasing it from $12.1 Trillion ($ 12,000,000,000,000 ) to $14.025 Trillion ($ 14,025,000,000,000 ) is not front page news ... 
is not jealous of Chase Flott's inability to access Facebook at work ... 
loves Bree Holtzman more than anything , and is so proud of her . 
, once again , forgot his cell phone at home ... 
states today's Jeopardy answerfrom " The Theater " : 
This murderous barber has a chair that can suddenly drop a victim via trap door into a cellar . 
states today's Jeopardy answer from "' 60s Music " : 
Ringo sang lead on this " colorful " 1966 Beatles song . 
" Bad Moon Rising " and " Proud Mary " were Top Forty hits for this rock group . 
has a long weekend , and thus will be breaking out a special DOUBLE JEOPARDY answer for today . Same category , "' 60s Music " : 
This Brooklynite broke into the Top Forty with 1966's " Cherry , Cherry . " 
is totally enjoying cheesy SyFy movies this morning ! 
states today's Jeopardy answer from " ___ of ___ " : 
When talking college degrees , it's what B.A. stands for . 
How could you desert me in my this -- it was Wednesday , from 2:15 to 3:15 in the afternoon . 
The Hindu shuffle that will get you to unsuspectingly pick a certain card is part of this type of magic trick . 
states today's Jeopardy answer from " Marquee Ladies " : 
2001 and 2004 : Renee Zellweger as this title character . 
2009 : Amy Adams and Meryl Streep as this title pair . 
states today's Jeopardy answer from "' I ' Tunes " : 
Gloria Gaynor had a No . 1 hit with this disco anthem . 
Aerosmith had its first No . 1 hit in 1998 , with this song from the movie ' Armageddon . ' 
will not be sipping slizz-urp in my ride ... 
states today's Jeopardy answer from " Multiple Meanings " : 
A thin sheet of metal , or a fencing weapon . 
To indicate with a finger , or a small dot ( it could be sharp ) . 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from the category " Gates " : 
According to Homer , this ancient city had numerous gates , including the famous Scaean one . 
is interested to learn that as of May 2010 , it costs 1.67 ¢ US ( or $0.0167 US Dollars(USD )) to mint a penny , making the face value of a 1¢ penny less than its actual manufacturing value . 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from " Lets Get Biblical " : 
Hannah is featured in an Old Testament book named for her son , this Hebrew Prophet . 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from the category of " Mind Your Business " : 
Though there are also stuffed dogs and kitties , a global franchise is called Build-A-this creature Workshop . 
is lunching 
states today's Jeopardy answer from the category " Elemental , My Dear " and is looking for the correct question : 
Listen , this reddish-orange metal first used around 5000 BC , you'll never take me alive , see ?! 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from the category '' Constitutional Amendments '' : 
The one that ends the Bill of Rights is numbered this . 
feels like Yawnovan McNap right now ... 
??????? ????????! ( Hristos voskrese ! ) 
just read that on the eve of the Qingming festival in Beijing on April 2 , 2009 . Taiwan's government has urged the public to stop burning incense sticks and ritual money in honour of the dead and opt instead for online worshipping to better protect the environment . 
has to make up for missing a day of Jeopardy questions and asks the first of today's two Jeopardy answers from " Musical Instruments " ( this one's near and dear to my heart ): 
It's a Russian musical instrument with three strings , a triangular body , and a guitar-like neck . 
now knows why " mayday ! " is an international distress signal ... It comes from the French " venez m'aider , " meaning " come help me ! " Happy Mayday ! 
gets off 2 hours early today ! 
wonders how a raven is like a writing desk . 
is totally amazed at how some people are so ready to fight any change to how they currently do things . 
is now familiar with the two main types of crickets sold as laboratory subjects : field and house . Thanks Jeopardy calander ! 
is not afraid of the big bad wolf ... just terrified . 
wonders why people who work in the Texas office don't take people off the mailing list who don't , in fact , work in the Texas office : " I'm looking to start a van pool from San Antonio , ( Ratama Park or 3009 HEB ) to 1701 Director’s Blvd . Pick up along the IH 35 corridor near the Selma/Schertz exit . If you are interested ... contact me to attend a first meeting this afternoon at 1:45 PM . " 
Isaiah 18 consists of prophecies against Ethiopia ; Isaiah 19 , of prophecies against this other African country . 
asks : The 1997 version of " Candle in the Wind " honored princess Diana ; the original version was about whom ? 
is going to watch the USA-Ghana game this Saturday at 2:30 pm and wonders where you'll be ? :: glares intently :: 
is counting down for the weekend ... 
is eating our Coq au Vin for dinner ( after twenty-four hours in the making) ! Yum ! 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from the category '' Geographic Cinema '' : 
1957 : ' The Spirit of __ 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from " Pasta Names " : 
The Spiral Cavatappi resembles , and is named for , this spiral barroom tool . 
wonders why some companies claim they have a " customer service " department , when it's not customer service at all . They should take the name of their department literally ... 
states yesterday's Jeopardy answer today ( because he was snowed in due to the blizzard ) from " American World Capitals " : 
" This Pennsylvania town is the " Weather Capital of the World , " not just on February 2nd , but all year long . 
asks today's Jeopardy question ( a.k.a. " answer " ) from the category of " Chick Lit " : This 1813 novel about the Bennet sisters has been called a chick lit classic . 
The disk-shaped Orecchiette are shaped like little these body parts . 
is changing his air filter today ... or , the guys at Firestone are .. 
asks today's Jeopardy answer ( from the category of " Compund Words " ) : as a noun , it's a very small slit in a garment ; as a verb , to try to hold someone's attention . 
asks today's Jeopardy answer : In this theatre on April 14 , 1865 , the play ' Our American Cousin ' celebrated its one thousandth performance . 
is airplane-ing today . 
has discovered how ingenious a Pringles can really is at various stages of full-ness : Full Can = Wow ! This is Awesome ! 3/4 Can = Hmm , this is getting awkward . 1/2 Can = Crap , my hand is stuck ! 1/4 Can = #$%& it ! I'll just drink them . 
asks today's Jeopardy question : On July 16 , 1995 , this company made its first sale , a science textbook . 
is totally watching Antiques Roadshow , and is not ashamed . 
is going to be Forrest Gump today . ( in Savannah , GA ) 
is in a two-hour conference call , then lunch , then back to packing boxes . 
might finally get his permanent government ID today ... 
just found out that Shrek 4 , coming out May 21st , features Rumpelstiltskin ... Sweet . 
, along with two other coworkers , are the only ones in the office today ( out of about 50 ) . It's quiet . 
is the walrus , coo-coo ka-choo . 
" Eloi Eloi lama sabachthani " 
may , perhaps , be lacking toast and taller ants . 
is . 
" It is finished " 
asks : alphabetically , what are the first two state capitals named for presidents ? 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from the category '' A Night in June '' : 
Adolf Hitler massacred the leadership of the SA , his own paramilitary group , on June 30 , 1934 , " The Night of the Long " these . 
accomplished a whole lot of nothing today . Remember those who have fallen . 
craves Cracker Barrel : Pig nut , pig nuts , fat nut for fun . The pig can see the nuts . Run , pig , for the nuts ! The fat pig can not run . I can run for the nuts . 
is 12 days away from his Christmas Vacation ! 
forgot that it was Canada Day until just now . Happy Canada Day to all you Canadians ! 
????? ??? ??? ??????? ???????? ?? ????? ? ?????? ??? ??????. ??? ????????????? 
asks today's Jeopardy answer : This Candace Bushnell newspaper column inspired an HBO series . 
is going to see if Shrek 4 was worth $17 in tickets ( x2 ) 
is totally enjoying this eCMS training ... 
asks today's Jeopardy answer : In April 1952 , the president seized these mills to help the Korean War effort ; then the Supreme Court said he couldn't . 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from " Sports Evolution " : 
By the time the British discovered this sport in India around 1860 , it used a ball , no longer a goat's or enemy's head . 
is about to eat coddled chicken embryos in chicken juice , mollusk-filled dumplings , cow slivers with onions , and some sort of weird term for dessert . Mmmm ... 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from " ____'ing ' Positions " : 
" Chopsocko U.S. Bow for Sony's Fantasy " wrote daily variety of " ______ing Tiger , Hidden Dragon " 
asks today's Jeopardy answer ( from the category of : " S " panish Words ): Better not miss this one -- it's Spanish for " Miss , " as in an unmarried woman . 
asks today's Jeopardy answer ( from " Foreign Words & Phrases " ) : 
To a Dutchman , this clothing accessory is a " zakdoek ' and is something to sneeze at . 
feels good to be home for the '' long '' weekend . 
asks today's Jeopardy answer ( from the category of : Heraldic Beasts ): 
Moscow's coat of arms features Saint George slaying one of these with his lance . 
is amazed . Not only has Avatar 2 been officially announced , but also James Cameron has talked about what to expect in a third Avatar movie ! 
is laughing . Only at a Spacht dinner can you hear Mom saying '' Megan , don't snort your coke . '' 
has a sudden strong desire to watch Sister Act II ... weird . 
is wishing all the Coasties out there a Happy Coast Guard Day ! The Coast Guard is the nation's oldest seagoing service ( older than the U.S. Navy ) and is the world's third largest navy ! 
wonders if you saw two guys named Hambone and Flippy , which one would you think liked dolphins most ? Adam would say Flippy , wouldn't you ? You'd be wrong though . It's Hambone . 
asks today's Jeopardy answer : One of the first double stars discovered was found by Robert Hooke in 1664 , in this constellation of the ram . 
May the 4th be with you ! ( Happy Star Wars Day ! ) 
is starting his 9 Seasons of X-Files marathon from Netflix tonight ! WOO ! 
asks today's Jeopardy answer : April brings the National Safety Week for these places -- uh-oh , that swing's looking rusty . 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from the category "' D'ude " ( where the man's last name begins with a " D " ) : 
In 1868 , and again in 1880 , he was succeeded as British Prime Minister by William Gladstone . 
asks today's Jeopardy answer ( from the category of " Biblical Cities " ) : this city in lower Galilee was the hometown of Mary and Joseph 
asks today's Jeopardy answer ( from the category of ' Heraldic Beasts ' ) : 
As you'd expect , this animal appears on the coat or arms of the Ivory Coast . 
contains wheat , milk , and soy . 
has started his last weekend in Georgia ( again ) . 
was upset that they didn't have any pie at that Japanese place . 
has learned quite a bit about various mammalian pastimes from Chase Flott today .... 
asks today's Jeopardy answer : The handle of the Big Dipper forms the tail of this constellation , the Great Bear . 
wishes the Mount St. Mary's University Class of 2010 the best of luck and godspeed . CONGRATS !!! 
Atomic number 28 ; if you don't know one pound of pure this can be drawn into a wire eighty miles long , you're not worth a plugged one . 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from the category " Let's Get Small " : 
The smallest bird in the world is the bee type of this from Cuba . 
stops weeds with Preen ! 
is not thrilled that the hospital's intercom system has been sounding all morning with some guy saying " Testing , test one two three , test , test , testing " AHHHH !!!! 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from the " Extinct Creatures " category : 
Similar to its larger relative the mammoth , this extinct mammal had shaggy hair and two sets of tusks . 
wishes Bree Holtzman a Happy Aniversary ! 6 years ... wow . 
loves it when the appetizer comes out after the entrees . 
asks today's Jeopardy answer ( from the category of " Biblical Cities " ) : Lot fled to Zoar as destruction rained upon Admah , Zeboiim , and these two cities in the Vale of Siddim . Nick Holtzman , you should get this one after all those talks ... 
Sometimes the Nobel Prize goes to someone who maybe did't deserve it . Example : Antonio Egas Moniz won in 1946 for inventing the lobotomy . This consisted of—if I may simplify it a bit—drilling a few holes in the skull & then repeatedly stabbing the brain . It seemed to be successful at curing schizophrenic & paranoid psychoses , but it had fairly serious side effects , such as “becoming a vegetable” & “becoming dead . ” 
hates that feeling when you realize you don't have pockets to put your hands in while listening to someone else talk ; you grope at your sides where your pockets should be . They're not there , but you look for them anyway . Once you come to pocketless terms , you begin cycling through awkward hand positions : hands on hips like Superman , arms folded over chest like an angry farmer , hands dangling limply at sides .... yeah 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from " Take a Hike " : 
If this European country's Alps are forbidding , try hiking in its famed valley the Engadine . 
asks today's Jeopardy answer : Saint Mark is the patron saint of this Italian city ( his square is famous there ) . 
states today's Jeopardy answer from '' Ships '' : 
The U.S.S. Constitution was one of the first six of this type of warship authorized by Congress in 1794 . 
is DCing it up before Ft . Lauderdale tomorrow . 
asks an entirely appropriate Jeopardy answer for today . It's from the category " Duck , Duck , Goose " : 
This two-word term refers to a politician who has recently lost an election and is soon to leave office . 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from " Musical Instruments " : 
This small four-stringed instrument's name comes from the Hawaiian for " jumping flea . " 
asks today's Jeopardy answer ( from the category of : " S " panish Words ): Celia Cruz , who passed away in 2003 , was long hailed as the " Queen of " this style of music . 
asks today's Jeopardy answer ( from the category : " S " panish Words ): 
Refering to mountains with a saw-toothed appearance , it precedes Madre and Nevada . 
asks yesterday's Jeopardy question from the category " The Days of WWII " : 
On May 27 , 1941 , this German battleship was sunk in the East Atlantic . 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from " Going Down in History " : 
In 1941 , Abe Reles , an informer on this homicidal " corporation , " went down in history -- six stories straight down . 
is watching Dexter ! 
laughed when Bree Holtzman told him : " I love it when you tolerate . " 
will never freeze mayonaise again ... 
is saying goodbye to Augusta today ... Semi-sad face . 
just got FAC-C Level I certified ( and am getting the certification backdated ) AND found out I got put in for a performance award ($$BONUS$$) for 2009-10 !!!! 
is having Chicken Tortilla Soup tonight ! 
thinks that if he were a duck , and gave an egg , and that egg went to waste ... He would be really offended by that . 
agrees that strawberry-rhubarb pie kind of tastes like fruit roll-ups . 
found out through Mental Floss , that studies have shown that Viagra can speed recovery from jet lag by as much as 50% !.... in hamsters . 
is being Flotted tonight . 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from the category of "' A ' in Science " : 
Revive yourself and give the name of this compound of nitrogen and hydrogen that has been used for refrigeration . 
is kind of excitied for today's release of eCMS 4.0 ... but only kind of excited . 
needs a siesta ... 
wonders when the last time Tom Ward watched Cops ? Perhaps in Boston ? 
feels like watching a rousing episode of " Sandwiches You Will Like , " but sadly it is not on tonight .... bed time ! 
states today's Jeopardy answer from " American World Capitals " : 
Hey Dude ! Wickenburg , in This Southwestern State is the " Dude Ranch Capital of the World . " 
states today's Jeopardy answer from " Mountains " : 
On May 1st , 1963 , Jim Whittaker became the first American , and tenth person , to reach the summit of this mountain . 
states today's Jeopardy answer from '' Elemental , My Dear '' : 
Fly high with this colorless , odorless , and tasteless gass , atomic number 2 . 
found out that he's related to Charlemagne , Queen Nefertiti , and Confucius ! ( by the way ... you probably are too ! ) 
asks today's Jeopardy question from the category of " The Days of WWII " ( and is now caught up ): 
On April 28 , 1945 , Clara Petacci died alongside this man , her lover for more than a decade . 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from the category "' A ' in Science " : 
The eight essential types of these acids cannot be produced by the human body and must be obtained from food . 
is excited about True Blood tonight !!! 
is reading '' Angela's Ashes '' while lounging on a hammock ... LIG . 
states today's Jeopardy answer from " European Capitals " : 
Its pride is the prado . 
is saying hello to the A-T-L 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from the category " Constitutional Amendments " : 
The amendment that ends with the word " infringed . " 
One of the two amendments with a due-process clause . 
loves his Mommy and Grandma !! 
In 1904's election , Alton B . Parker and eighty-year-old running mate Henry Davis went down in defeat against this president . 
is back into the swing of things , and therefore , asks today's Jeopardy answer from " The 1850s " : 
This runaway slave published his autobiography , " My Bondage , My Freedom , " in 1855 . 
asks yesterday's Jeopardy question from the category " Take a Hike " : 
The Otter Trail on the coast of this country's Western Cape Province may be booked up a year ahead . 
is glad he never had Liberty Measels . 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from the category " Extinct Creatures " : 
The quagga , a type of this equine , was found in Southern Africa until going extinct around 1900 . 
is thinking it's a good day for Double Jeopardy . This one's from " Geographic Cinema " ( The title of the film includes a geographic location ): 
1979 : The __________ Horror 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from the category " Documentaries " : 
Subway's Jared Fogle turned up for a cameo in this 2004 Morgan Spurlock film about fast food in America . 
just randomly learned that the Barbie and Tanner playset came with Barbie , her dog , a trash can , poop , and a pooper scooper . 
is no longer familiar with the term '' sleeping in '' ... Bah ! 
had a long day at work cutting construction paper , coloring pictures of beaches and horses , and playing with food-dyed yogurt . 
One of the earliest documentaries was Robert Flaherty's 1922 film about this title Eskimo " of the North " . 
is at a lost for words ! That was a golden goal ! Go USA ! Hold them off ! 
just tea-bagged Chase Flott in Starbucks . 
The name of this tubular pasta means " quills . " 
randomly wonders what Disney's electric bill looks like ... 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from the category " Four-Letter Friends " : 
The sport of rowing . 
The Jaffa Gate is the western entrance to this city's Old City . 
is experiencing Cake Day at the office ... Jube ( yes ... Jube ) 3rd , 2010 . 
Its aquarium is named for Vasco Da Gama . 
decided that it's a good day to eat lunch in front of the White House . 
wonders why Tom Ward has not been on an episode of COPS by now ... 
wishes that the USA team has fun at the biggest party they can think of tonight ! GREAT JOB GUYS ! 
A nobleman , or to look intently . 
asks the second of the two Jeopardy answers today . This one's from " Silk " : 
Silkworms spin their cocoons by moving their heads in this numerical pattern figure skaters make on ice . 
wonders if he should make pancakes or not , hmmm .... 
has the following destinations in the next three days : Chicago , San Diego , Los Angeles , then Baltimore ... My wings will be tired 
With a winning bid of $14.83 , a broken laser pointer was the first item sold on this auction website . 
got off two hours early today ! Remember those who have fallen . 
loves when he gets off 59 minutes early . Happy Fourth of July ! 
is enjoying Cake Day at work today ! 
is going to Bushwaller's for the game ! Go USA ! 
' s air conditoning unit ran out of freon ... It's over 100 degrees in his apartment . It's fun . 
After his ballet troupe's Toronto performance on June 29 , 1974 , he didn't get on the KGB bus 
is experiencing Star Wars in Concert . AMAZING ! 
just finished his last day in Frederick until October . 
' s job today consists of playing Bingo with the Veterans at the VA Outpatient Clinic in Baltimore ... I LOVE MY JOB ! 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from the category "' M'edicine " ( where , responses excluding the question start with the letter ' M ' ) : 
This disease , caused by a parasitic protozoan , was once thought to be caused by swamp exhalations . 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from '' A Night in June '' : 
One night in late June , 1520 , he barely escaped from rampaging Aztecs at Tenochtitlan . 
is at the Toy Story 3(D ) moviefilm with the Bree-Bree . 
Savior's Gate is the way into this Moscow fortress complex . 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from '' Three-Letter Body Parts '' : 
A section of a journey separated from the other sections by a period of rest . 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from " A Robotic Category " : ( even though no one asked the right question yesterday ) 
Started in 1997 to develop robotics and artificial intelligence , the Robocup features robots playing this competitive sport . 
is updating his Facebook status . 
To do this to '' the line '' is to do what's expected . 
This childhood disease is caused by a paramyxovirus that causes the parotid glands to swell up . 
2008 : ' Madagascar : Escape 2 ______' 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from " I'll need some'ID '" : 
It's the " Spud State . " 
now knows that museums dedicated to the history of barbed wire can be found in McLean , Texas , and LaCrosse , Kansas . 
will be in his studio , studio ... 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from the category '' Lines of Poetry '' : 
In the words of Edgar A . Guest , '' It takes a heap o ' livin ' in a house t ' make it '' this . 
has a chalrie horse ... Ouch ! 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from " A Robotic Category " : 
This toy company created mindstorms for robots , with programmable bricks and sensors . 
A proverb tells us that this typ of " hands are the devil's tools " 
asks today's Jeopardy's answer from " A Robotic Category " : 
In 1961 , the world's first production-line robot was used by this U.S. automaker . 
asks today's Jeopardy answer , after a brief hiatus , from '' Three-Letter Body Parts '' : 
To chew without teeth . 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from the category " Mr. Bill " : 
This TV journalist , comentator , and frequent PBS host was Lyndon Johnson's Press Secretary from 1965 to 1967 . 
loves these three-day weekends ! 
just saw , in person , Thomas Kinkade , Paige O'Hara , and Karla Steinbach ! WHAT THE HECK !?! 
is in L dot A dot ... 
Asks today's Jeopardy answer from the category '' Born on the Fourth of July '' : 
This U.S. president was born on July 4 , 1872 , in Plymouth Notch , Vermont . 
is '' more than just a little bit curious how you're planning to go about making your amends . '' 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from " Rocket Men " : 
Apollo 8 astronauts Frank Borman , Jim Lovell , and Bill Anders were the first men to make this circuit and they made ten of them . 
likes stuff . 
ended up getting a concussion ... Ouch . 
The Supreme Court in Clinton v . Jones declared a " ____ing President " is not immune from lawsuits . 
now knows that the word '' pulse '' comes from the Latin '' puls '' which means '' porridge '' ... hmm ... '' Dude , my porride is racing!'' doesn't sound right . 
will be suprised if anyone responds with the correct Jeopardy question today . This one's also from the category " Mr. Bill " : 
" Timeless American style " was the hallmark of this fashion designer born in the Indiana heartland . 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from " The Elements " : 
This liquid metal is also called quicksilver . 
is in Ft . LAUDERDALE FOR THE WEEK ! 
is back and asks today's Jeopardy answer from '' Word & Phrase Origins '' : 
A Roman hill where the emperors built their homes gives us this word for a king's home . 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from " Mr. Bill " : 
Not commonly known as the inventor of an improved ballet shoe , he's more commonly known as TV's " Science Guy . " 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from " U.S. Islands " : 
Cape Kumukahi is the easternmost point on this " Big Island . " 
will miss you , Scamp . 
likes his Kit-Kats frozen and his Steelers winning ( or , at least , not losing ) ... 
gave in and got one of those new fangled 4G Evo Shift phones . 
is at the B dubs for Wing Tuesday . 
shot 965 lbs of buffalo but was only able to carry 63 lbs back to the wagon , and then got dysentery along the way to Oregon . He then forded the river . 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from " The Other , More Interesting , Definition " : 
This term for a long handled gardening tool can also mean an immoral pleasure seeker . 
is watching Rocko's Modern Life ! 
is wondering : " galvanized fence or black vinyl fence .. hmm " 
just paid ¤0.29 per gallon to fill up his tank ... It felt amazing . 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from " Silk " : 
During World War II , silk was used to make the canopies of these ; today they're usually made of nylon . 
Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo . 
One silkworm is the larva of the " Bombyx Mori " moth ; " Mori " comes from " Morus Multicaulis , " the scientific name of this tree . 
just watched Chase Flott get yelled at by a large Jamaican woman at Costco . 
is back by popular demand with today's Jeopardy answer . Today's answer is from " Psychology " : 
Latin for " it , " it's one-third of your psyche . 
is in Denver ... So , he's sorry there will not be a Jeopardy answer today . 
asks today's Jeopardy question from '' Ships '' : 
The ships of Christopher Columbus's first voyage were two caravels and this bigger ship , a type called a nao . 
asks the second of today's two Jeopardy answers from " The Body Woman " : 
Women have this piece of thyroid cartilage , too ; it's just smaller than a man's and may be under more fat . 
asks the Jeopardy answer for today from the category " Duck , Duck , Goose " : 
She's the fictional woman famous for her " Nursery Rhymes . " 
remembers that time when Chase Flott pulled the fire alarm , cut his hand , and got blue-paint injected into his fingers ... oh merry times these were . 
is going '' on an adventure '' ... 
thinks its weird that he was watching I Love Lucy in Woodstock , Georgia just over 12 hours ago , and now he's sitting in traffic in our nation's capitol . 
just remembered that on Power Rangers , they had those communication devices giving off a little ditty every time Zordon needed them . Hmm ... New ringtone ? Yes ! 
had a 44oz ICEE earlier today and regretted it . 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from " Alphabetically Last " : 
... of months of the year . 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from " Getting Attached " : 
If a girl gets a small charm , she'll most likely wear it attached to this piece of wristwear . 
is not looking forward to the end-of-fiscal-year freak-out this week ... 
would never prefer to drive an El Camino ... 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from " The Quotable Mao " : 
" All reactionaries are paper " these animals . 
found out that a 2006 U of Texas study of kids age 5-10 found that 1-in-4 thought it was illegal for minorities or women to be president . 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from the category " Rocket Men " : 
" First Man " is a 2005 biography of this quiet Ohioan . 
... of the countries of Africa . 
... of the Great Lakes . 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from " After a While , Crocodile " : 
The American crocodile is very rare and can be found naturally only in the southern part of this state . 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from the category "' H . D . ' TV " : 
On the Disney Channel , she turned heads as the multi-talented and often animated " Lizzie McGuire . " 
wonders what would happen if he put his hand in the Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) at CERN . Hmm ... 
is going back to DC ! 
wonders why it is that when someone says '' Don't worry , I didn't do anything to your food , '' you automatically assume that they did something to your food ... 
AAAAAAAAAY !!! It was the family favorite featuring The Fonz . 
is frustrated , incorporated . 
will have 2 Jeopardy answers today . This one's from '' Dog Breeds '' : 
6 AKC-recognized breeds are called this , the most appropriate type of dog to tell '' Fetch!'' 
states today's Jeopardy answer from " The Theater " : 
Valentine is the last name of this ' sweet ' title hostess at the Fandango Ballroom . 
Crocodiles are unique among retiles in that they have four-chambered ones of these organs . 
just got paid ¤0.67 at the grocery store for my groceries . HA ! 
is , was , and ( God willing ) will be . 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from '' Ten-Letter Words '' : 
Often available on CD , it's the music and songs from a movie . 
asks today's Jeopardy answer from '' Where the ' H ' is it ? '' : 
Gloria Estefan was born in this capital city in 1957 . 
greatly dislikes yellow Starburts ( R ) . 
ponders that if '' ifs '' and '' buts '' were candy and nuts , we'd all have a merry Christmas . 
One of the last British possessions to be decolonized ; it happened in 1997 . 
Leaving in a few and i'll call you ! 
states today's Jeopardy answer from " Number of ... " : 
" Faces on a cube . " 
just had some of the best fried pickles ever ! 
just concluded that The Rocky Horror Picture Show is a very strange and confusing movie ... Wow . 
asks for luck as he is scheduled to take the Jeopardy ! contestant test tonight and also states today's Jeopardy answer from " The Old College Try " : 
Glass artist Dale Chihuly is a graduate of this design college abbreviated RISD . 
Gobble gobble . 
The internet or the online world . 
It's home to the Swiss parliament . 
begins the new Jeopardy year ( thanks to Lauryn Kathleen Holtzman ) with one from " Number of ... " : 
" Teaspoons in a Tablespoon . " 
is experiencing this season's first snow at a Hanakah party ! Legitamate . 
will be watching the Steelers climb the stairway to SEVEN ! 
states today's Jeopardy question from " Science Fiction " : 
He wrote five sequals to " Dune , " including " Dune Messiah " and " Children of Dune . " 
states today's Jeopardy answer from " The Old College Try " : 
This Jesuit Washington , D.C. University is home to the Woodstock Theological Center . 
states today's Jeopardy answer and is soliciting the correct question from the category " Thirteen-Letter Words " : 
" In the arts , it's the profession of Cunningham , Robbins , and Tharp . " 
just filed taxes in under a half hour with his phone using his camera ... what has the world come to ? 
states today's Jeopardy answer from " Alphabetically Last " : 
... of the U.S. states that border an ocean . 
states the Jeopardy answer of the day from " American World Capitals " : 
As the birthplace of This Company , Fremont , Michigan , calls itself the " Baby-Food-Capital-of-the-World . " 
got his tax return today ! ( and will probably be the last one of this size he'll see ) . 
Quote that made my day : " Teach me how to use coupons . " -Bryan Bumpers 
states today's Jeopardy answer from " Impressionist Painters " : 
His ' Impression : Sunrise ' gave the movement its name . 
