is irritated that he's had to make a new Facebook because his old one was permanently banned for apparently " spamming " . =/ 
has just woke up >.< 
3-0 ;) 
Damn . Just got munched by the storm . Had to walk home from town in it :P 
Sure Man Utd just lost to Burnley xD 
Another day at school ( n ) 
wishes he could speak to girls . But I'm too shy =( 
Facebook chat is messed up . 
should have gone to Peace One Day . 
:D :D :D :D 
History homework has to be the most tedious thing to do ever . 
-.- 
feeling rough =/ 
just had an epic walk home . Hit by 4 puddles that cars drove through :P 
speech day ? Screw that :P 
I'm not normally suspicious , but the wife told me yesterday that Gavin from Autoglass came round and injected his special resin into her crack . She hasn't even got a car . xD 
PARTY RINGS =D !!! 
was cheered up by someone unexpected ( y ) 
off to town ! 
Who's doing A level History/Spanish/Business or IB Maths at MGS ? xD 
thinks if Gerrard & Torres wern't a part of Liverpool , they'd be nowhere . 
" Liverpool will be without Steven Gerrard and Fernando Torres for Saturday's match against Sunderland . " <-- Ahaha , they've so lost . 
just got back from cinema . Town is packed o.O 
thinks Mr Highsted can stick his homework . =/ It's stupidly boring . 
now needs help with Mr Tismer's homework xD 
oh , 4-0 XD 
thinks he needs an x-ray scan on his right leg =/ 
2056 : GOAL Man Utd 0-1 Wolfsburg <-- That's too funny . 
is surprised 4 people he knows have a birthday tomorrow ! Happy birthday Demi , Katie , Ricky and Tiffany ^.^ xx 
facebook chat sucks . 
Yay , John and Edward :P 
Got my work experience at Natwest :D 
thinks he needs a new iPod . Any recommendations ? :) 
aaah , too early >.< 
holiday in 14 hours . gunna actually miss some people :O 
Lamp ? xD 
X Factor is messed up tonight ! o.O 
Hayley Adams <3 
Back from school . Freezing !! :P 
Giggs ? No way . 
Any minute now .. it's gunna start snowing ... 
Shortbread + Hot Chocolate = :O 
Get well soon Morgan . ( y ) 
3-0 Goodnight Man Utd ;) 
Rage Against got no . 1 :D :D :D 
King of the Jungle :P 
feels dead and cold after Karting ! :P 
My TV's broke =/ 
<3 (: 
Free gift on iTunes is Lesbian Vampire Killers ;) Get in . 
can't actually see his driveway or road anymore . 
SNOW DAAAAAAAAY :D 
Just got in ... happy new year =D xoxo 
Who likes Maltesers ? 
thinks it won't snow much . 
Holy crap the snows actually laying . Still going to school though . =/ 
More snow ! Eeeeeeeeeeeee 
loves Hayley Adams more than anything in the world :D <3 xoxoxoxo 
Had a fag thrown at him by a chav in town .. not for the first time -.- * hates chavs * 
Why am I not surprised that Liverpool scraped a win with a 90th+ minute goal ? =/ 
SHAAANE :D 
She knows !!!! * runaway * 
" John became a fan of Oh sorry you've got a bf/gf now , i forgot i no longer exist to you . " I like like like this :P 
TOP OF THE LEAGUE 
Can Sir Alex Ferguson stop blaming time-keeping and face the fact that Man Utd suck ?! :P 
Oakwood is shut o.O 
likes how most of his friends online are from MGS . ;) 
It's 2am , and the business project is complete ! 
would move away from Maidstone if he could . 
George Kersey's Mum16 mutual friendsJoshua Ryan , Jake Lambert and 14 others are mutual friends . Add as a friend <-- LOL 
going to bed now =/ 
has had a great weekend with Hayley Jayne Adams :) <3 I love you xoxo 
Facebook has gone downhill . 
All of the love we left behind , watching the flash backs intertwine , memories I will never find .. </3 Muse - Falling Away With You . 
Just stuck hollow and alone , and the fault is my own and the fault is my own .. =/ Linkin Park - Somewhere I Belong 
Trust Liverpool to get a dodgy penalty 
Thanks for the messages everyone ^.^ maybe my history teacher would care to let me off the essay thats due in this morning :P 
You are , the only exception .. <3 
USF1 collapsing , GO STEFAN F1 ! :P 
David Haye is a beast . =D 
:D :D :D 
Rapid heartbeat pounding through my chest , Agitated body in distress , I feel like I'm in danger , Daily life is strangled by my stress ! 
4-0 , you beauties . 
just finished watching Paranormal Activity with his petrified girlfriend :P <3 
is waiting for 6 added minutes at Anfield . 
Silence . 1-0 :) 
Come on you Gooners ! :P 
I wish FarmVille wasn't addictive . -.- 
She does it deliberately I swear . 
Make it go away . 
In the morning , you know you won't remember a thing ;) 
Forgive and forget ? No thankyou , you can just stay out of our lives ( y ) . 
When I woke up tonight 
I said I'm gonna make somebody love me 
I’m gunna make somebody love me 
And now I know , now I know , now I know 
I know that it's you ;) 
Come on Mexico ! ! >.< 
would like to thank his nearest and dearest for looking out for me . You know full well I'd do the same . 
is finally back from an amazing trip :P 
Hayley Jayne Adams , happy 6 months my amazing girlfriend , I love you so so much :) xoxoxo <3 
Bit of a choker of a day . Easy come , easy go is all I can think to say . 
Actually liked Toy Story 3 xD 
spanish oral work , please go away . 
4 bits of homework done , driving now for 2 hours , doctors straight after that . Gunna be a fun evening ... =/ 
feels himself and Mr. Ben Godding may be on Mr. Tismer's hitlist at the moment . 
has already met amazing people this year ! :D <3 
can't breathe at all today . Gotta love being asthmatic =/ 
I miss Hayley Jayne Adams =/ <3 xo 
Really really loves his girlfriend and will be the most angry person in the world if anyone tries to take her away from me again . <3 x 
Just 2 minors :D WOooooooooooooooooooooo , on the road ^.^ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Had a pretty fun yet painful day today . 
Fine , Webber thrashes everyone . 
I don't know where I'm goin ' 
But I sure know where I've been 
Hanging on the promises in songs of yesterday . 
An ' I've made up my mind , I ain't wasting no more time 
but here I go again , here I go again . <3 
Depression is not a sign of weakness , it is just a sign that we have been strong for too long . :) 
Does anyone like The Blackout ? :P 
YES Kent rejected me ! 
TORRES YOU HERO :P 
What's with this damn police helicopter ? 
3-1 , well done lads :D Football was good fun :) Adam Simpson , Callum Parks , Stefan Sime , Laurence Fletcher , Jack Mace , Matt Jones , Sam Pearson , Adam Cloke , Dan Wicks , That Josh guy and the other guy :P Best starting XI ever :D 
So , is football happening tomorrow ? 
is actually doing schoolwork -.- 
passed his theory :P 45/50 and 59/75 :D 
So what's school again ? 
would like a Force India 1-2 . 
What does Jeremy Kyle watch when he's off sick ? 
Chelsea scum cheat again .. but credit where credits due , they got a decision at Old Trafford ? 
Dani Pacheco , come to the Emirates . :) 
feels like he hasn't been to school in months 
Man Utd for the title . Can't let talentless scum fuelled by infinite money win the league . 
great result for football :P 
Looks like the scum will go further in the Champions League doesn't it ;) 
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOO DINIZ GOT A MENTION >.< 
Wenger , wenger sign him up . Suárez is awesome :D 
So Mourinho's won the Champions League with Porto & now Inter , which goes to show how crap Chelsea really are . If he couldn't do it , nobody will . ;) 
has his new kitten now :D 
I have to say that Business exam went quite well :P 
Just lose Liverpool and go to the Championship . -.- 
Stand up if you bought the league 
Mgs , kindly sack mr tismer the useless Nazi that can't teach anything . I'd do the homework if you taught the course successfully , but no you just talk endlessly about irrelavent crap for an hour expecting us to know everything . TEACHer .. The hints in the name . 
Beautiful girls , all over the world . I could be chasing , but my time would be wasted , they got nothing on you baby . Nothing on you baby . They might say " hi " , and I might say " hey " , but you shouldn't worry , about what they say . ' Cos they got nothing on you baby , nothing on you baby . <3 14 . <3 
Quote of the day so far by Karun Chandhok : " It's looking a bit black out there . " 
Hayley Jayne Adams is the most precious thing in the world to me , AND NOBODY AS OF NOW IS EVER GOING NEAR HER . All guys are staying well away , because I dont trust you . You're scum , you're just after 1 thing you miserable tossers . Girls are not objects of which you get what you want and leave . They are human beings , so treat them like one , and if you dont , then you dont deserve to have one by your side . 
Thought lost prophets and the blackout were awesome ! I saw jon goff too :P standing next to the mosh hurts =D 
Alex Hunter , you can now officially shut the hell up . 
' s driving licence came today ! :D :D 
Thankyou for taking me to see Paramore Adam Simpson . :) 
is in bed . That just about sums it up really . 
' Cos I've made up my mind . I ain't wasting no more time , here I go again . 
They taped over your mouth , scribbled out the truth with their lies , you little spy . 
and there goes my grades , exams , career , future & life :) 
WEMBLEYYYYYYYYYY ! 3-1 ;D 
FORLAN !!! : @ 
Modern Warfare 2 Special Op with Hayley XD 

Me : Walk to the green smoke and it'll finish " 
* Hayley walks past green smoke ...... mission failed * 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO >.< :P 
I love you really Hayley Jayne Adams <3 :D xoxoxoxoxoxoxo 
I like my life ? Awesome friends , amazing girlfriend . Hayley Jayne Adams , happiest of 9 months <3 Have fun in Cornwall without me , I love you :) xoxoxoxo 
off to Madrid now , 4:50 was a lovely wake up call . See you next Tuesday ;) 
excited for tomorrow ( Y ) 
Too late , too late , I never said goodbye 
Too late , too late , can't even ask you why 
And now I'm wasting away , in my own misery 
I hope you've finally gone , to a place where you belong . 
well this is a tad early . 
I love you Hayley Jayne Adams :D Gunna have fun in Broadstairs tomorrow ^.^ <3 xoxo 
Get in you Serbs :P 
It's apparent that my cat likes mint ice cream . So what's next ? 
Yaaaay Adrian Chiles , this really makes me want to watch the World Cup . Wake me up when the match starts :P 
GREEN DAY TOMORROW WITH Hayley Jayne Adams <3 :D :D :D xoxoxo 
History exam :D 
Now why would Liverpool sell Benayoun to Chelsea ? Hodgson is stuffed before he starts . 
Even Heskey's gone and scored , Chelsea you're shit xD 
really wonders about his cat ... it doesn't meow , it just squeaks :S 
would like to thank Jack Mace , Matt Jones and Adam Cloke for today , and Jack's mum for letting us come round :) Hayley Jayne Adams , I miss you <3 xxx 
Haha Britain are crap . Go Turkey :D 
Come on Slovenia ! Fed up of people like heskey and lampard being crap . 
Not gunna put pressure on myself ..... Driving test tomorrow morning :D :D I don't care how I do ^.^ 
was followed up Loose Road by a Mr Roger Brown . :S Lock your doors ! 
Love will come and go in your lives . Period . As a human , you have what is known as , ' Free Will ' . How you choose to play this ? out , depends on you , and no one else but YOU . Never give up . Never surrender . To love , is to never be alone again . 
traded Fifa 10 for a cheeseburger today . ( Y ) 
Go Hamilton ( F1 ) , Go England ( Football ) , Go England again ( Rugby ) and Go Pedro Lamy ( Le Mans ) :P 
Serbia for the World Cup <3 
So the Germans have said that England's " goal " being disallowed is fine and acceptable as it was simply Karma for the Russian Linesman Incident in ' 66 . Well said Germany , and on a similar note I have opened a wonderfully legitimate new recreational shower chamber that 6 million of you should pop along to , free of charge , and discuss the ins and outs of your Karma theory . 
limewire has definitely had it's fair useage today . Just over 2000 songs left to get back . 
Emile Heskey : 62 caps , 7 goals . 
Columbian GOALKEEPER Rene Higuita : 68 caps 8 goals , 
Happy retirement , Emile . 
Fergie , shut up and admit you can't catch Chelsea this year . 
Just for the record , you still mean everything to me . ( L ) 
Okay , that was just amazing . 
got part time work in Next ^.^ 
You left the sweetest taste in my mouth . ? <3 
Hayley Jayne Adams , I love you so much <3 xoxo 
Sitting in Madrid airport waiting for the girl's lost bag to turn up ... This is fun , only 2 hours late so far :D 
I W T S T R O M L W R T C , A N I T W I G T S M . 
Yeah . ( L ) 
Confused you all good . 
Ruined my day completely . Really makes me hate human beings to be honest . 
has enough evidence to suggest that a " 32GB " ( 29.28 GB ) iPod just isn't big enough . 
I can't get you out of my head . Not that I'd want to anyway . (: <3 
no URUGUAY :( 
And the tears come streaming down your face 
When you lose something you can't replace 
When you love someone but it goes to waste 
Could it be worse ? 
I don't care who wins to be honest :P 
.... taboot . 
WE DID IT :D ENGLAND ! 
Oh my god , enough with the Bieber statuses >.< 
Your annoying . I don't like you . I don't know why anyone does . 
thinks people should be allowed to do what they want and that others should stop being so selfish once in a while . 
Thinks £ 3,000 as the cheapest my insurance can possibly be is stupid . Anyone out there with a car , could you tell me what your insurance cost and who with ? Would be greatly appreciated ^.^ 
Pass Plus was great fun . Drove to Hastings , to Dover , to Folkstone and Ryegate , whilst racing other cars on the motorway ( y ) 
World record for Fifa 10 earlier . 5 players left on the pitch at the end . :S 
Skins I have missed you ! 
When she kissed me , it felt like a headbutt . ( 8 ) 
Please Newcastle .. please .. 
is back on xbox live ( y ) 
loves his girlfriend so much and really tries his best to make sure she's happy <3 
<3 Hayley Jayne Adams <3 
so Shrek's leaving Man Utd .... hahahahaahahha . 
loves the Jade Cube <3 Callum Parks and Jade Edwards today was perfect ;D and now the Mr. Adam Cloke has joined the party ;) This is beyond epic . :P ( L ) xoxox 
I would go through all this pain , 
Take a bullet straight through my brain , 
Yes , I would die for ya baby ; 
But you won't do the same . 
I hate all of the people , who can't drive their cars ( 8 ) :P 
So my UCAS account isn't being shown under the e-mail address that I joined it with , nor any other possible e-mail I could have used . Looks like I'm going to a great uni now . 
Jaime King is my pancake this pancake day ! <3 
I think it's safe to say Spurs are utter crap if they can't beat that Arsenal team :P 
let me be your hero .. =/ 
wondered why he had 299 out of his 300 minutes left on his phone , then realised he had free O2 to O2 calls and Hayley Jayne Adams has .. oh . An O2 phone :P 
Best eastenders episode ever :D 
Hasn't stopped all weekend , until now ;D Thanks to all that I met , for the first time or not , it was awesome fun :P 
Inbox only , it's confession time . 2010 is almost over , confess something you've always wanted to tell me and I promise it will stay between us . ? Put this as your status , you might be surprised :) 
BEST NIGHT FOR AS LONG AS I CAN REMEMBER , HOLY CRAP ;D I <3 THE BLACKOUT AND EVERYONE I WAS WITH ! Thankyou Jon Goff for this , getting on stage was AWESOME ! 
' Cause nothin ' lasts forever 
And we both know hearts can change 
And it's hard to hold a candle 
In the cold November rain 
1st December 2010 . The day Dr Argent wanted us to go to school while he had his feet up infront of the fire at home . 
And the love kick starts again ? 
has lost all numbers , so could you inbox me with yours and I'll text that I've got it thanks :) 
Cornwallis shut , Valley shut , Maplesden shut , MGGS shut , Astor shut , invicta shut ... but MGS .. no , we're the nuts , we have to go in -.- For now anyway unless someone informs me otherwise . 
WTF is with the mini power cuts ? 
I miss you so much , a self inflicted coma 
The days drag on like marathons , 
I'm running with barefeet . 
And when I feel the stress , 
I'm lonely and depressed .. 
00:04 WICKET Strauss c Hussey b Hilfenhaus 0 ( Eng 0-1 ) 
Love the Ashes <3 
Total is shit . 
It's crystal clear to me 
That I've been killing time 
Nothing's going to stand in my way 
Cos I'm not done , even if the sun sets I will start a fire 
To change your mind 
Good night round Katie's , with the special ones Hayley Jayne Adams , Adam Simpson , Callum Parks , Jack Mace , and some others I'll thank eventually .. 
Will see Adam Cloke , Callum Parks , Jon Goff , Cat Cole and more at The Blackout @ Corn Exchange , Maidstone ! TOMORROW !! ;D <3 
Happiest of new years my amazing friends <3 
doesn't like buckets . 
Today/tonight was the best I've had for too long , except I'm feeling the pain now . Jade Edwards , Jack Mace , Callum Parks , an epic day . And Sarah Underwood and Rebecca McKie , thankyou for an awesome night ! Oh , did I forget Mr. Adam Cloke ? ;) 
I'll apologise for tonight , tomorrow morning ? <3 
is not afraid to fight , and I will . 
Type your Name : John Rose 
With your elbow : john rose 
With your nose : ujohn rose 
With your eyes closed : John Rose 
Set this as your status and dont erase the mistakes . 
It's about time a shitty burgandy Fiesta was paid a visit . (: 
2014 : Lots of touches by Chelsea but not much penetration at the moment . 
:| 
Inbox me a number and I'll write something about you as my status .. lol jk please don't , there's too many of these statuses :( 
I was thinkin ' about her , thinkin ' about me . Thinkin ' about us , what we gonna be ? 
Open my eyes , yeah , it was only just a dream . So I drive on back , down that road . 
When she comin back ? No one knows . I realise , yeah , it was only just a dream . 
has his first conditional , from Canterbury (: 
MGS , you've finally shut . Well done . Now stay like this till Friday . 
You make me wanna die , I'll never be good enough 
You make me wanna die , 
And everything you love , will burn up in the light , 
And everytime I look inside your eyes , 
You make me wanna die <3 
I'm not being dragged along like a piece of shit anymore ! 
has collectively decided to " jog " every Monday :P <3 
Ever since that bitch turned up , nothing's been the same . 
I will forever love that girl <3 
John Rose 
wooo congrats stefan on winning chase the ace ! LOL ! 
20 November 2009 at 16:30 via Mobile Web · · Like · 
Hahah , when he won and got to put his head down Katie's cleavage . Bloody lovely image . 
Cast your eyes on the ocean 
Cast your soul to the sea 
When the dark night seems endless 
Please remember me . 
is feeling the love . <3 
You're all that I want . You're all that I need . You're everything . Everything . ( 8)(L ) 
so . about this history essay . 
enjoys a bit of China coming back from 2-0 down to win 5-2 against Man United , getting rated 10/10 with Jack Mace , 2 goals apiece ;) 
We're smiling but we're close to tears , 
Even after all these years , 
We just now got the feeling that we're meeting for the first time 
<3 Soon . I hope . 
Anyone wanna come out tonight , drink , listen to music and have a laugh ? Hit my inbox . ;D 
YEAH Conditional from Southampton :O 
Monstermini is a beautiful drink ;D <3 
What human beings sleep at 4pm on a Sunday ? Oh yeah , my parents . 
WHAT A FINISH 
enjoys getting abusive texts sent by his ex's friends . Yeah . I'm over it . Leave me alone now . 
HEAD HURTS . Was worth it though , I love Source ! ;D and Sarah Underwood and her friends , it was an awesome night ! <3 xoxo 
feels used and completely unwanted . 
And . As quick as that . I am at peace , at last . At LONG last . <3 
right ... 1 magners down ... 9 to go . 
If you happen to see an Arsenal fan ? out walking the dog , get them to call 0800 4-1 4-2 4-3 4-4 . For advice on how to hold onto a lead . 
Until we're 5-0 up , I'm not satisfied . 
Jack Mace Titus Shambles ! 
is ready for Mista Jam at Sourrrrcee ! 
It's weird playing Black Ops online and another player has Pink Floyd - The Great Gig In The Sky playing in the background .. 
thinks there should be a permanent fix/cure for asthma . 
<3 :D 
Aww . Reality hit all the Tottenham fans yet ? 
Yeah . I'd rather a team with history and an epic manager ( that I hate ) win . Come on United ! 
I come from a land down under , 
Where beer does flow and men chunder . ;D 
It's times like these you learn to love again . :D ? 
Step up to the plate Hernandez ;) 
ahahahahaaha . 
Michael Lack I loved your 18th ! One of the best nights ever I swear ! 
Another Friday night , another trip to my " local " with the freaks ;) <3 Gunna be an epic gig as always ! 
Well . Happy St George's Day ? Nothing else significant has happened or will happen today . 
You need bad relationships to recognise a good one . ( : 
Karma is a bitch , and so is my bad timing . 
Oh let's go back to the start .. ? 
is very frustrated with himself . 
Crash Team Racing with Jack Mace and Matt Jones ( Jone ) :D 
All I want is a place to call my own , 
To mend the hearts of everyone who feels alone , 
Whoa , you know to keep your hopes up high and your head down low . ? 
Another sunday , another match , here we go again lads ! 
You're the best damn girl in the whole wide world , 
Baby you're the best in the whole wide world , 
You're the only one that I'm ever gonna need , 
Baby you're the one , only one for me . <3 
doesn't mind splashing the cash and paying 4p for 2 CD's every now and then . ;) 
Jack Mace , Matt Jones , Adam Cloke , Callum Parks . That is all . It was what , an epic night ? ;) 
Possibly the best party , like , ever . Who can I tag ? * Inserts names here * Too many amazing people ! Although , mixing 8 different drinks is never good , but I didn't throw up ! Medal please ? :D <3 
No , I don't want to battle from beginning to end 
I don't want to cycle or recycle revenge 
I don't want to follow death and all of his friends . <3 ? 
Move on , be brave . 
Don't weep at my grave . 
Because I am no longer here . 
But please never let , your memory of me disappear . <3 
" Are you talking about pokémon ? " ... " No .. Senderos and Cygan are NOT pokémon ! " 
Oh come on , don't let money ruin the game again ! COME ON STOKE . 
A fun weekend with the lads ( In order of when I saw you over the weekend ) - Adam Simpson , Matt Jones , Adam Cloke , Jack Mace , Callum Parks . ( Y ) 
You don't bring me pleasure . You just bring me pain , over and over again . :D 
You know your opponent didn't turn up when you knock 2 past them with with Rahid Jaidi ( Penalty , and outside the box bullet ) . Yes Adam Cloke , it happened . ;) 
It's hard to say that I'd rather stay awake when I'm asleep . ^.^ 
Too many people leech . Too many people try to take what isn't theirs , what they don't deserve , what they have no right to have . Time to change . Time to stop giving those sorts of people any chances whatsoever . 
could be feeling worse after a certain Adam Cloke's 18th party . ;) Your mum's dancing advice really paid off . :P I knew we'd all run out of booze soon enough though . D: 
" Students sitting an AS-level business paper were faced with a question that did not include the information needed to come up with an answer . " 
The only time I'll be happy that I'm doing A2's . 
Seize the day or die regretting the time you lost , 
It's empty and cold without you here , too many people to ache over . 
Trials in life , questions of us existing here , 
Don't wanna die alone without you here , 
Please tell me what we have is real . ? 
I love you <3 :D 
F1 just got embarrassing . GET RID OF THIS DAMN SAFETY CAR . 
YEESSSSSSS !! FUCK OFF VETTEL . 
A tad bored tonight ? I think so . 
SO glad my exam tomorrow is in the afternoon . 
You're a pisshead , you're a mess , and a you're waste of my time quite frankly . I hope we never cross paths again . 
Ouch . My back hurts . Feels like something sharp has been in it .. 
well that party was definitely a lot better than last year's . :P 
very happy after today . ;D <3 
listening to Metallica before clubbing tonight was always going to be a good idea . 
Hey , Adam Cloke , you can have the cat , the dog , or the eekins . XD 
The awkward moment when your mum doesn't know what/why you want her to buy gay bacon strips . 
Result of asking mum to buy gay bacon strips : Nearly asking the staff in Poundland where the gay bacon strips were . With Matt Jones after buying most of the food & drink for a mad night next week ! :D 
I'm the definition of definitive and catchy . 
Casual indian buffet for breakfast . 
The awkward moment when you have a female friend and you're instantly assumed to be screwing and dating this person . Think it through ! 
Some randomers getting drunk in my living room . ;) Where's the rest ? ? :P 
Let's see how long Callum Parks doesn't notice he has " penus " written on his head and has a cock on his cheek . ;) 
2 days later and it's all died down and there is silence once more . It's been a lot of fun though , roll on Wednesday . :D 
Calm cup of gtfo Massa . :D 
is so glad this week is finally at an end . Exhausting , alcoholic and nocturnal . And overall ? It was pretty shit , not going to lie . I've had enough . 
The awkward moment when your ex likes a facebook page called : " We all have that one ex , who needs to get run over . " 
Come on Japan :D 
I may have been bitten , crushed , rolled over , drunk and used as a leaning post , but yesterday and today have been fun ! :D 
Got burnt , went to Camden and Covent Gardens/Chinatown for the first time , got several IRRITATING songs stuck in my head , met new awesome people and generally had a great day in London celebrating Taz's birthday !! ;D 
Some people have no standards . 
Think we can safely say Absinthe and uncooked pizza aren't exactly top quality ways of staying healthy . 
?????????????????????? 
?????????????????????????? 
??????????????????????????? 
???????????????????????????? 
????????????????????????????? 
?????????????????????????????? 
" So , a new look Man Utd - and a 94th-minute winner . The more things change , the more they stay the same . " 
Mel Ballard has punched a Banjo . Go figure . 
Oh hai Mr. Helicopter . 
