Its Thursday and feels so gggrrreat to sleep in pass 7:30 pm . 
I don't like being around super picky eaters when I'm super hungry ... Can't figure out a good restaurant and I'm going NUTS ! 
At Palmdale supporting a friend giving his first Talk/Sermon . God be with him :) 
Had such an enlightening conversation with Sandy Gordon . Life's picture is opened up more and more each day :) 
I got in UC BERKELEY !!!! AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH !!! omg ! omg ! omg ! OMG !!! 
Joey Luna Jr. you got to bring the shirt with you to class one of these days , yeah ??? 
I'm getting an acupuncture today ! I don't know if I should be curiously excited or dreadfully worried =\ 
Man ! King of the Hill is just funny LoL ... 
Played poker with the guys .... Bro-mance is in the air ! 
Brain-gone ... just need to sleep more ... 
Is it just me or is EEEEVVVVEEERRRRYYYOOONNNEEE going to Las Vegas except me ?? ? :/ 
Back to work ... -_- 

Then , Last Airbender tomorrow , hurray !!!! 
Ugh ... The burrito was too much . Feels like I'm having birth pains :/ 
Today , someone gave me gummi bears that looked like they've been in someone's pocket for months and had some lint stuck to them and were all joined to a small black piece that looked like either a mushy ricolla candy or dark gummi bear x_x ...... safe to say that i didn't eat them ... 
Darn blazing heat ! Now I smell baked and toasty ... 
I really want to go to the Himalayan Mountains and breathe the calm chilly winds and feel eternal ... 
Santa Monice Beach + Dippin Dots + Funnel Cakes + Friends = One Funtastic Day ! 
Man ! I got charged a quarter for a cup of water . 
I wish I can find a Famima Store everywhere I go . That place beats out any 7-11 anytime of the day . 
The Last Airbender was awright . I liked it . The special effects were wow eye-boggling ! Yeah , the movie didn't cast Asian characters , but oh well ! 
My favorite pop music was just sang by a mariachi band . It totally did not work :((( 
I had a good weekend : midnight karaoke with friends , jazz concert , 3rd place in bowling , bought a Thundercats t-shirt , and yogo yogurt which is better than yogurt land ! It wasn't bad ... 
had a good friendly argumentative debate with a friend about whether he should hire someone to kill me or not :D the crazy things that we come with !!! 
I had a country morning feeling today . It felt really good :) 
I wish life was like a soap opera , simple and irrelevant with reality ... 
just saw a really really good movie !!! so good i wont say the name just so i wont desecrate its greatness ! you know what im talking about ! see it to believe it ! 
systems malfunctioning . im so tired from today ... i need to recharge full power tonight . but today was so much fun ! no regrets ! 
resting my mind and body for the next two days ssshhhhhh ! 
barbecue sauce and eggs and rice is a holy combination of a breakfast P = 
Sprite mixed with melted Hershey chocolate shots is muy tasty !! 
i just became diabetic and overweight all thanks to a wonderful lasagna i just ate . it was worth every bite . 
I'm going insane ! Can I really finish 100 pages of writing in two or three days ? I think so . Maybe . 
I ate 10 Costco chucky chocolate chip cookies today . 5 for lunch , 5 for dinner .... I really need to replenish my fridge or else I'll be joining the legion of the American obesed . 
I got a chance to do Michael Jackson dances at a party !! Only complaint : too many tamales there >=P 
It was a miracle I drove with only an inch of gasoline today and survived to tell ! My car is such a fighter ! 
Voy a empezar mi clase de espanol al manana . Espero pasar un bueno rato porque me gusta mucho espanol . Buenos Noches , Mundo Maravilloso !!! :) 
I found buffalo milk in my fridge ... I felt tempted to drink it . 
Everyone ! I found the Holy Grail . It is called the Teriyaki Burger of Shoreline Restaurant down Long Beach . I can still feel the sharp pains in my chest , because that's how delicious it was XD 
I've experienced the difference between rock band singing and karaoke singing . Karaoke , I sound like a rock star , but rock band , I sound like a mediocre American Idol contestant that Simon Cowell will slam in live t . v ....... I'll stick to Karaoke . 
someone pop the champagne ! the finals are done and summmmeer is here . hello , san diego ! 
Ugh ! Too much to do . Too little time . Let's pause the space time continuum and so i can breathe tomorrow ! 
Spanish , Japanese , ASL , Latin , Greek , Russian- I will master at least four of these before the year is over . Just wait and see !!! 
Ugh ! I tried going on a raw food diet just for one week . 2nd day , I ate a raw potato and I instantly ran for a chocolate cupcake , yuck =/ 
Just ate a Bambi burger ... it's interesting ... i'd eat it again . And now heading to Riverside !!! 
I guess I won't be able to go to the SMTown Concert this Saturday T T__T T 
My fortune cookie told me : " You will have gold pieces by the bushels . " I have no idea what this means ... 
Japanese Festival ! Yakisoba and Tofu Cheesecake ! Job Well Done ... 
Brian Sierra Elizabeth Hurtado ! 
I have to confess something to you , guys ... I really like Girl's Generation , but I am so not diggin their last song , RunDevilRun ... Catchy beat , awesome dance , it just doesn't feel like the Girl's Generation from the days of Gee Gee . :(((( 
When my sister saw what I cooked , she said- WHAT'S THAT ?!?! ... CAN I ADD AVOCADOS ?... 
lol 
The moonlight hiking was fun . Except for the fog and mist that pretty much covered the whole sky . Then , again , at least , we found some adorable seals sleeping by the cliffs . But they smelled like a foul fish market ! And I have a new nickname , Little Red Riding Hood . Yes , it was an interesting Friday Night ^^ 
Cold brown rice , cold hotdogs topped with refrigerated barbecue sauce ... mmhhmmm yum :( 
?? ?? ???, ??? ? ?? ?? ???? ??? ?? ???? ! ? ??? ! 
I finally found the keys to my bicycle lock !!! YAAAYYY !! XD time to ride the streets once again ... 
Ending my week to Little Tokyo a 2nd time ^^ 
watched the Killers and Losers ... they were pretty-good movies ... 
Brittani Marinez- " Uriel , you're the Yellow Ranger and I'm the Pink Ranger . " 
Uriel- " Nah-uh . I'm the Blue Ranger . And the Pink Ranger never tells the Blue Ranger what to do . " 
I think I lost a lot of brain cells this semester . Ironic , since i would think studying more would mean the opposite . But no more all night studying ! I had enough of that ! 
Last weeks of summer ... let's make this count , guys !!! ;) 
Finished fixing my tires with a friend's help . Call me Mr. Handy-man . 
Heading to Las Vegas through a vast of nowhere ... 
I'm back from Vegas ... and that place is HOT !!! Now I appreciate Los Angeles much better ... 
Volleyball !!! 
Where do these loud Bible shouters in the streets get their megaphones ??? I want one , too =( 
The metro buses has some of the most funkiest people , personality wise , smell-wise . 
To kick start the weekend , I got food poisoning ! :( ... I have my suspicion for that ramen served by that overly friendly woman or those mall samples left out in the open and the list goes on ... 
Drove through the rain during the night . It was such a PAIN . Where did the road went ?? 
The VMAs looked so nice from afar when hiking up Griffith ... 
Through memory lane : rugrats , rocko's modern life , ahh real monsters !, croc , darkwing duck- " let's get dangerous ! " the good old days ! 
sushi and yogurtland ... bliss :) 
This year was ending so well and my friend called me a filthy mess ... thanks ! =/ 
A veces , deseo que pueda borrar las pronombres mientras escribo en ingles , como espanol ... 
I just got Netflix . Dang ! All these wasted years ... 
Finally , I started riding my bike again ! 
Going to a super bowl party . Not a big fan of football , but going for the buffalo wings and carne asada = q 
