How the hell can you be so tired , and at the same time hyper . Its like your body has split personalities . 
Why the hell you people obsessed with Mybook and Facespace , they're boring as hell . 
My feet officially hate me , I tripped like six times today . 
Im officially sick of everyone who think the hangover was as awesome as they say . It was a good movie , but I can name a hundred better movies . 
Its theeee end of the world as we know it ..... why the hell is that song stuck in my head .... 
Ugg .... way to long of a day , freakin boring . 
I officialy hate being bored ..... its so ... boring 
Owww .... who knew barb wire fences hurt so much ? 
Oh , censorship , how you make me laugh . Holocaust isn't appropriate to say on television , but you can say rape 20 times . 
Must stay up all night ... 
Look at your status . Now back to mine . Now back to yours . Now back to mine . Sadly , yours isn't mine . But if you stopped posting about other things and made this your status , yours could be like mine . Look down . Back up . Where are you ? You're on Facebook , reading the status your status could be like ! I'm on a computer . :P 
Oh how I hate crappy drivers . 
“The unreal is more powerful than the real , because nothing is as perfect as you can imagine it . Because its only intangible ideas , concepts , beliefs , fantasies that last . Stone crumbles . Wood rots . People , well , they die . But things as fragile as a thought , a dream , a legend , they can go on and on . ” 
" People don't want their lives fixed . Nobody wants their problems solved . Their dramas . Their distractions . Their stories resolved . Their messed cleaned up . Because what would they have left ? Just the big scary unknown . " 
" Dissidents laughing at themselves as if they had a voice 
Acting like technology really gives them a better choice 
Protect our borders as we stack up our elitism 
Defeatism is what we pretend that we keep believin ' in 
I'm straddling both lines , the quietest revolt 
Politicians fake- like they caring that we vote 
Legalese verbose , cuz ' if its plain English 
Then us ADD , Ritalin , riddled children might get it " 
