and a little bit strange 
is looking forward to being top of the fantasy league . 
was woken up by Christy going to work , now cant sleep so playing boucing balls - nearest thing to counting sheep .. 
and Christy have moved in !! 
has a headache :-( 
should be doing more to look after her bf 
is gonna check out the bin 
thinks if her bf re-instated his wall posts this could be a lot more fun - on the other hand bf for sale free to good home - well any home will do actually . 
is gonna enjoy a long lie in tommoz - which she will need after her bottle of tia maria is consumed 
is wondering is it time for them to go back to school yet ? 
Facebook has agreed to let third party advertisers use your posted pictures without your permission . If you dont want this to happen - Click on " Settings " up at the top where you see the " Logout " link . Select " Privacy " . Then select " News Feed and Wall " . N 
is enjoying wathcing her bf earn back brownies 
is going to get motivated to do sommat - probably - maybe - in a while possibly - but for now thinking about it is about as motivated as I'm gonna get ;-) 
is wondering how to fit two houses into one - and why oh why oh why has she got 50,000 golf balls in her spare room ? 
is with her bf chillin 
is chillin 
and paranoid 
is looking forward to an evening with friends 
' s bf wants her to go to the store and get some fluid provisions - unfortunately he doesn't have enough brownies to trade - oh dear , oh deary dear ! 
is wonderin ' if the sun is just teasing us popping its head from out under the clouds - the little monkey ! 
is writing a letter of complaint to Sainsburys - the wishbones in their chickens dont work ! 
Is covered in paint and watching the paint dry ... daring it to dry streaky cos the walls gonna come out of this worse off if we have to paint it again . 
is looking forward to snuggling up on the sofa with her bf ( even watching golf night ) 
is wondering how the kids are gonna survive til they go back to school - ' honey I'm home ...... ' 
Nighty night all zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
who is amazing 
only 7 days til the Muppet moves in ......... 
has picked blackberries and scrumped apples - building myself up to making gluten free pastry .... maybe tommoz 
is all quizzed out - nighty night zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
is having a last minute splurge before the diet starts ... so soggy chips and crispy battered fish but ...... mushy peas or curry sauce - such life defining decisions should not be taken lightly . 
wonders if she had a life before facebook - wait scratch that - wonders if she had a life since facebook 
is really surprised that its raining again - almost as surprised as she was to realise she hadnt won the lottery again - pfft - life - full of surprises ! 
is not happy - somebody's gone and stolen her weekend again ! 
' s bf has gone to get the winning lottery ticket ! 
is still poorly ick ! :-((((((( someone put me to sleep and wake me when its all over please ! 
is wondering how long it will be before the gas bbq that Christy is trying to put together goes through the window - ten minutes tops . 
while her bf went to the golf shed to find what he lost yesterday ( that would be his sense of homour and good temperament ) - I made gluten free lasagne and gluten free bread - that entitles me to ' a perfect gf ' award ! 
needs a vice 
hates housework !!! 
wonders is 5 minutes peace and tranquility too much to ask ? Ever the optimist - ' will everyone ( including the dog ) please . . .. STFU !!!! ( thank you ;-) 
OMG can you believe it - they only went and sold the bf a duff lottery ticket !!! 
is borrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd ! 
is a tiredy tiredy custard 
has gotta change her status before she goes to bed cos when she wakes up it will be and she doesnt want to look like a numpty does she ? 
got up early thinking she would crack on with sorting previously mentioned two houses into one .... that's about as far as i've got - thinking about it .... 
has hoovered and cleaned the house from top to bottom , done the laundry x 3 , put away about 3 weeks worth of Christy's clothes ( he may have trouble finding them though ) - and is now abou ... zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
has had one of those days and thinks it was unwise to venture outta bed - will know better next time 
is gay 
thrashed Christy at golf - ok so i got a shot a hole but still - i thrashed him , i thrashed him neh neh neh neh neh ;-) 
would like to be chirpy but her chirp has up and buggered off with the pea ! 
is poorly ick :-(( 
would like to be whisked away to somewhere hot , white sands , lounger , parasol and 24 hour beach service please . No pressure but if you could sort it in the next couple of hours Id be eternally grateful and very obviously dreaming ! 
anyone got the number for the men in white coats ? I'm used to Christy talking to the telly - but now he clearly believes he's co-presenting golf night - a step too far methinks . 
is wishing they hadnt won - that would be the team whose name we shall not speak 
oh dear God boot camp is horrific - I'm cringing - cant watch it . 
is reading a book ' The History of Glue ' . I just can't put it down . 
wonders if you can guess that shes bored - did the quizzes give it away ? did they ? did they ? 
is out out out out woo hoo ! 
would be ever-so grateful if the room would stop moving , if her tum would stop churning and if her head would stop hurting - i'm not in the mood for the mother of all hangovers . 
is gonna get the remote , fast forward to the end of the day , then pause the weekend - for eternity i think or maybe thats not long enough 
dont you just love it when people ask before they take you for granted 
thinks the God of Karma is acting on a case of mistaken identity - which is pretty crap cos that means i've had no fun and all the consequences ! 
is thinking ( uh oh scary ) 
has a tip for anyone wanting to get rid of Jehovah's - go to the door in your dressing gown with a massive hangover - bless them they think you're really ill , say they'll pray for you to get well and leave you in peace - brilliant !! 
Summer Classes for Men at THE ADULT LEARNING CENTER Class 1 How To Fill Up The Ice Cube Trays -- Step by Step , with Slide Presentation . Meets 4 weeks , Monday and Wednesday for 2 hours beginning at 7:00 PM . Class 2 The Toilet Paper Roll -- Does It Change Itself ? Round Table Discussion . Meets 2 weeks , Saturday 12:00 for 2 hours . 
is apparently gonna marry a diseased lesbian who can tell me next weeks lottery numbers - gotta lov these quizzes 
is watching Only Fools - old ones are the golden ones 
struggled to hold onto her patience this afternoon - it was a wily little bugger 
is thinking the ' king ' has been a bit short-sighted ...... 
wants a remote to turn down the kids . 
is a tiredy tiredy custard from looking after the ' king ' 
always gives generously to the alzheimer's society ( investing in my future ) 
is so lucky to have such a fantastic exciting life whoop-de-doo ! 
went to buy a watch , and the man in the shop said ' Analogue . ' I said ' No , just a watch . ' 
who stole the daylight ? 
A man and a friend are playing golf at their local golf course . One of the guys is about to chip onto the green when he sees a long funeral procession on the road next to the course . He stops in mid-swing , takes off his golf cap , closes his eyes , and bows down in prayer . His friend says : Wow , that is the most thoughtful and touching thing I have ever seen . The man replies : Yeah , well we were married for 35 years .. 
wonders why she wastes energy telling kids anything seeing as they freakin well know more then Einstein 
wonders do you get second hand hangovers cos she's woken up with what feels like a massive hangover - and bearing in mind not a drop of alcohol passed her lips last night - it must have something to do with breathing in the fumes coming off of Christy 
is really really looking forward to work tommoz 
welcomes Friday - you certainly took your time this week 
and so it begins ...... 
is attending the golf club 
is really enjoying being a laundry woman , cleaner , cook and bloody hell to top it all - nurse ! on her four days off . 
Christy is a freaking nightmare when he is pished - a flippin freakin nightmare . 
is enjoying left over treats 
is fed up with putting up with everyone elses freakin moods , like it's freakin constant , all the freakin time , every freakin day , in the freakin mornin , then in the freakin night , at the freakin breakfast table and then the freakin dinner table - and i have had a FREAKIN enough of it !!! JUST BE NIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIICCCCCCCCCCCCCCCEEEEEEEEEEEEEE !!! 
has done some Chrimbo shopping and is pooped ! 
needs a life less ordinary 
would like a suggely wuggely duvet day today - instead she will be working in an coldy woldy office . 
Shhhhhhhhhhhhh dont mention the game 
Has got a night off from golf night and i can't see any pigs flying ??!! 
has had better days for sure but what better way to end it than with a tumbler full of baileys and ice 
one burnt cake later - fan ovens are shite ! 
has that Friday feelin cos she's got the day off tomorrow - yes yes yesssssssssssss !! 
Isn't it Friday yet ? 
nighty night all zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
has the pepsi max on ice now just needs the beach and sunshine to go with it . 
is doing the school run in her jimjams - lets pray i dont crash . 
is looking for the serengeti desert - directions anyone ? 
ahhhh peace at last !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 
enjoyed a great evening with great friends - and has a good headache to prove it 
was born to party but forced to work :-( 
is pleased to have thrashed the pants of the Mong keh at golf today ;-) 
needs more sleep 
is sat beside a grumpy f# #k 
is gonna ask her bf the BIG question 
is about to state the obvious as is customary - its only B ~~~~ Y Friiiiiiiiiiiiiidayyyyy 
is sooooo very pleased that Christy's new golf clubs work - life would be sooooo unbearable if they didnt . 
knows her place and is making the king a drink 
Thinks her bf did very well 
is checking average prison terms for infantcide - for future reference ( or at this rate present reference ) 
Is soooooo in the good books - all thanks to a little gadget called sureshotgps 
is gonna invent a toilet seat that squirts wee back at the male species who cant be bothered to lift it . 
never mind Scottie 
has put too much garlic and chilli in the tomato sauce and consequently her mouth is on fire 
has got the lurgy :-( 
Thinks it is only right and proper that she takes fuck you and fuck off personally 
wants chinese chips like the Paramount used to make about 20 years ago 
would like to rewind please cos she lost her leverage and she needs it back to kick ass . 
peace and quiet and the tv remote - heaven ! 
http://uk.reuters.com/article/idUKTRE5A717I20091108 
Its Wednesday - thank the lord only two more sleeps til Friday 
is in excrutiating pain having to listen to that plonker ( i'm being restrained with my adjectives ) Andy freakin Gray - arghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
asks what is a Mong keh ? Answer : Christy ! 
Needs a break - thankfully back to work on Monday ! 
is doing work on a Sunday and its likely to take all bloomin day - crap crap crappity crap ! 
needs a port ! 
no kids , no bf , coffee , cake , House - perfect ! 
i gotta say I just love the halifax - that is one helluva bank - fatherless children come to mind !!!!!! 
Dear Lord - give me the patience not to strangle the lil fooker 
is glad she is home alone for the safety of others cos Norman Bates has nothing on her right now 
wishes all her friends a very Merry Christmas and a fantastic New Year !! 
is it Friday yet ? 
needs to get off facebook and go to work ! 
It's Valentine's Week on Facebook . Change your profile picture to a picture of you with your significant other & tell us how long you've been together ! Christy and I have been together for 2 years and 1 month 
is going to bed zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz pished night night everyone lov youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu ! 
is contemplating life and all its shennanigans - and has come to the conclusion that this has got to be someones idea of a joke - right ? 
Dear Santa - please define ' good ' 
iz bored 
is not amused . 
is it wrong to like Glee ? 
Its fuh fuh fuh fuh fuh Fridayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy , thank you Lord ! 
is thrilled to be listening to Christy's running commentary AGAIN on golf night ;-) 
is about to fall off the wagon 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status and the first entry for your name under comments . 
has that sinking Monday morning feeling - oh joy ! 
is tired and grumpy - watch out world ! 
is looking forward to a few days off - whoop de doo ! 
the more you say no - you know the more i'm gonna do it ;-) 
Thanks everyone !!! Had a lovely day - really pushed the boat out - fish and chip supper watching the sunset - well that was the aim but someone !!!!!! took us the long way around the burrows to see who was on the 6th hole so i consequently missed the sunset and had supper looking at clouds tinged with red - still cool thou . Chuffed with b'day wishes - thank youuuuuuuu !!! 
Tiger Woods has got to be changing his career - cos he deserves an oscar for that performance ! 
back to work tommoz just so i can say tfif ;-) 
Thank God its nearly Friday 
It's Doppelgänger week : during this week please change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athlete ) you have been told you look like - and be sure to post this as your status . Apparently i resembled Tom Cruise - thanks Chapman ! 
thinks port should carry a headache health warning - to give you an idea ... THUMP THUMP THUMP THUMP THUMP THUMP TEE AITCH YOU EMMMM PEEEE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
ok will someone please tell me - where have they put the bloody bookmarks ! 
W H E R E A R E M Y B O O K M A R K S ! ! ! 
wants pancakes but cant be bothered to make ' em 
is drinking ;-) 
if anyone wishes to severely test their patience , understanding , tolerance , and anger management techniques i can suggest a 10 year old who will do the job for you quite nicely !! 
wake me up when its Monday - I'm planning on sleeping through this weekend 
Thank God its Friday !!!!! oh no its not - its Wednesday but it may as well be Friday cos I got the rest of the week off - YEHAH !!!! 
MEN !!! grrrrrrrrrr !!!! 
is loving valentines eve - happy valentines for tomorrow everyone - THE bestest day of the year . 
where to go where to go where to go where to go for Sunday trip out 
is a tiredy tiredy custard .... night night all xx 
glad to be home 
FORE !!!!!!! watch out people of Torrington - i come in peace but have a 3 wood in my bag so anything could happen 
is off to the cinema with eldest - early mothers day prezzie - do i get popcorn too ? 
is so very glad to see Monday again ( when i say I hate it - it just comes around more quickly so trying some reverse psychology here ) love love love Mondays ! 
Tia Maria and Malibu have come to party tonight 
is looking forward to Christy starting his new job and him finishing work a couple of hours before her which means tea will be cooked , housework will be done by time she gets home - let me get a hell yeah !! Quickly followed by a slap of reality - in my dreams eh ? 
its official - I've finally become a grumpy old woman - I am fed up of doing EVERYTHING !!!! Next year I'm bogging 3 weeks before Xmas and not coming back til Easter !! HA !! Where's me humbugs ?? 
chillin .... 
one glass shy of a bottle of poort and i ' ; m feeling woosy - i cant tell you how many times ive written this already and i cant be arsed to do it aanymore whatever hjowever rubbishy this staus is - its stayokng - so ther ! 
is about to commit first degree murder . . . . but has counted to three hundred and ten and is thinking second degree might do the job just as well - in fact a temporary insanity manslaughter plea ought to cover it . 
another riveting evening in an altogether non-event of a weekend . 
hass had a lovely evening with no 2 son - movie plus hot choc with marshmallows and a flake mmmmm mmmm ! 
bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored borzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz ! 
What , prey , is the bloody point of closing the whole pigging road when quite clearly it doesnt need to be closed for most of it cos there are no roadworks and where there are cars can get through - morons !!!! 
tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap - dogs and laminate floors dont go - i think I'm gonna invest in two pairs of booties 
watching Australian Masterchef - lov it ! 
was up way too early and has messed about on the comp for the last few hours when she could have been doing housework so will get on and do that now - ooops no can do - saved by the time to go to work bell 
tiredy tiredy tiredy custard 
Triple crap i thought today was Friday - bugger ! 
Friday , Friday , Friday ...... its been too long since we last met 
is watching House after just making burgers for the bbq - not a good move - dont think i'llbe eating any burgers . 
Attention attention we have been invaded by aliens - the Grocs have officially landed - may God save our souls 
You're not singing anymore !! 
you can thank Christy for putting the kybosh on the unusually sunny weather this Easter - everything went downhill after he suggested barbequeing breakfast !! 
To all teh kids who survived the 1930's , 40's , 50's , 60's and 70's!! First , we survived being born to mothers who smoked and/or drank while they were pregnant . They took aspirin , ate blue cheese dressing , tuna from a can and didn't get tested for diabetes . Then after that trauma , we were put to sleep on our tummies in baby cribs covered with bright coloured lead-base paints . . 
:-( is feelin wuff 
When in history did cat skinning become so popular that it required more than one method ? 
is wondering if her bf has eaten tapeworm eggs yuuuuuuk 
Whoop whoop !! 
is wondering whether to trust her beloved bf when he says he hasnt pee'd in the bath water ? 
is enjoying looking at the morning after status's of friends - cos she doesnt have a hangover ;-) 
has to own up to watching Jeremy Kyle this morning ..... only because I missed the flippin end - anyone watch it - was that poor guy the father ? 
lovin it lovin it lovin it lovin it like that ! 
three more sleeps til Thursday - the new Friday and two weeks - yes you heard it right TWO weeks leave - woo hoo ! 
home alone !! Oh the joy of peace and quiet and a tv remote !! 
made gluten free steak and kidney pie and a quiche for the grumpy fooker - pfft still grumpy fooker - will try lacing it horse tranquilizer next time - he'll still be grumpy but i wont remember it ! 
hasn't quite got this holiday malarky cracked as she's going into work again today - 3rd time this week - oh wait but the kids are at home - maybe i have got it cracked after all ! 
not that i'm gloating but ..... last day tomooorrrooowww then off for two weeks wahooo ! 
was fooled by the sunshine and now has frostbite 
has ticked someone off methinks - oh well . 
is off to see her 80 year old mother who is under the impression that she doesnt like the taste of alcohol with the most amazingly outrageous hangover that anyone has ever had - must have got one of those nasty bugs thats going around ;-) 
is on the port - woo who can be bothered 
Atishoooooooooo ! sniff sniff bring on the box of tissues ! 
is not going to spend all day on facebook because contrary to popular belief she has a life ...... ( if only i could remember where i put it ) 
is thinking what to do what to do what to do what to do what to do and has decided thinking what to do is too much like hard work so better have a nap to recharge and think about what to do later zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
Happy Easter everyone - may the Easter Bunny bring you lots of chocolate ! 
dear God I am sooooooo bored !! 
wishes Christy still had his facebook cos then she could write something derogatory on it ! 
trip to Asda , steak and chicken for BBQ - £8.00 , Teriyaki sauce for marinade - £1.80 , Ice - £0.99 , bottle of knight rider for Christy - £ 3:50 , bottle of Baileys for me and look on Christy's face - PRICELESS ! 
What is it with school trips - an hour and a quarter after they said they'd be home and i'm still at the school gates - sat nav sent them via scotland you think ? 
is going to the beach . Unfortunately little people want to come too - how thoughtless is that - no undisturbed lazing in the sun for me ! 
has to sort an Abba outfit ... 
has done the shopping , unpacked , put the chicken into marinade , and is now going to clean the house ............................ NOT ! Book - check , coffee - check , sunshine - check - Christy on BBQ duty check - Sue being lazy moo - check ! 
is feeling reckless - better put myself in a straightjacket until the feeling goes or it could be messy 
is ...... 
apparently it is better to get up late and be wide awake than to get up early and be asleep all day - today i have opted for getting up at 7 and being asleep all day ( you can argue whether 7 is early or late while I'm sleeping ! ) 
is on the wagon ! What's that all about ? 
was lulled into a false sense of security by blue skies and sunshine - after an afternoon at the beach she's now running a hot bath to warm up her freezing cold tootsies . 
is really looking forward to watching the Masters aaallllllllllll week end , so exciting ... zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
ooohhhh God - who the hell invented hangovers 
is running out of Sunday :-( 
is a bit pink 
Never take life seriously - n o-o ne gets out alive anyway ;-) 
' s get up an go , has got up and gone without her this morning . 
tia maria and cranberry juice , ratio 50 / 50 - tastes like chocolate cherry liquor 
c'mon the sun ! 
Look , I'm just saying that somewhere between Jesus dying on the cross , and a giant bunny hiding eggs there seems to be a gap of information . ( Stan ; South Park ) . 
health warning - keep away - full on " ^%$&^ " >@* &^$%^&^£ " in progress . 
is sitting with a grumpy f***er on New Years Eve - I totally know how to live - he's just informed me that Boney M's front man has died - triffic !! 
go Rory ! 
is tired , knackered and grumpy - beware all ye who enter here !! 
GET OUT OF BED !!!!!!! It appears n o-o ne in this house can hear me scream cos the lil sods are not getting out of bed this morning . 
is wondering if the kings of comeback can comeback from this . . . 14 minutes and counting 
Has a new addition to the family - welcome Hetty - all pink and lovely ! 
feels like having a ' terrible two's type of tantrum ' ( with stamping feet and everything ) - why why why why WHY am I the only person in this house who can find the bin ?!? 
is Fuh Eh Duh Up ! 
has been up since 5:15 to do some work - unfortunately facebook , ebay and amazon kidnapped me before i could get to it . 
is watching ' it's a wonderful life ' which wasnt so wonderful for George 
Double , two , duo , dau , ???, deux , zwei , dv ?, dhá , dwa doesnt matter what the language - still means the same Chelsea does the double whoop whoop !!! 
Brekkies in bed - ( cooked ) outstanding ! Gold star Christy Worthington 
Champions !! 
last day off ;-( 
is going Dr's tommoz to get checked out - she is very ill - she has spent the day doing housework - thats just wrong !! 
wonders what's the going rate for forging parents signatures nowadays ? One week grounding cover it ? 
pished in Swindon - with lorraine , ross , sally , carol , cheryl , maggie and a few others 
Next door are outside singing their hearts out on the karaoke - Christy and me are contemplating jumping over the fence to show them how its done - that'l shut ' em up ;-) 
is up at an ungodly hour for no apparent reason 
has looked up the definition of stupid cow - and from now on will try really hard to live down to that standard . Nothing really good was ever likely to come from that term of endearment now was it ? 
is poorly ' ick - perfect timing for the man in her life to be a narky shit . 
oops upside your head 
isn't ready for morning yet 
Is watching ' he's just not that into you ' with denis the menace and three litres of seabreeze cocktail ( with orange juice instead of grapefruit juice ) 
would like to rewind , stop , delete then fast forward - magic remote anyone ? 
who can understand the workings of a mans brain - i admit defeat ! 
is really unwell - symptoms are very unique in that my eyelids just won't open - i think its probably one of those 24 hour bugs though - so a day in bed should sort it ! 
looking forward to roast chicken mmmmmmm 
is awake at stupid o'clock again ! 
has just watched 2 hours of sky plussed tv and didn't once fastforward through the ads - jees bring on dementia at least then i won't realise 
is fed up and its all her own doing - clever eh ?! 
Women speak because they wish to speak , whereas a man speaks only when driven to speech by something outside himself -- like , for instance , he can't find his keys , wallet or any clean socks 
is really looking forward to a night out with the girlies tonight - bring it on ! 
wants to be Henry's Claire 
so ..... kids tend to get over their belief of Santa but how come they never seem to get over the belief that parents are genies who can magically summon up items required for school today ten minutes before they leave for it ? 
is wondering if it's Pimms o'clock yet ? 
how depressing waking up thinking it's Friday - TFIT just doesnt work 
has the tv remote on a Friday !! And is watching briliantly mind numbing cabbage tv - god i've missed it ! 
is at the chippy , scrumps anyone ? 
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL 
if at first you don't succeed ....... forget skydiving 
whooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooosssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssh - that was the weekend then ! 
has a hangover head without the alcohol - how wrong is that ? Very very very !! 
was inspired by some botanically challenged friends and has gone and picked and then cooked some wild garlic - everyone is still alive at the moment - guess that means i didnt confuse it with deadly nightshade - cool ! 
has a virtual vuvuzelas - join in if you have one too buzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
watching stepfather from behind cushion - I am official member of biggest scaredy cats on the planet club 
is happy cos her muppet is happy .... 8 under 
should have gone to bed at bed time and not stupid oclock .... caffeine injection required ! 
is hoping to win the lottery this weekend because after a taster two weeks holiday - a lifetime holiday ( as opposed to a holiday of a lifetime ) seems a bloody wonderful idea . 
I like it on the work top 
had a great night but Dear God will it never end ..... the hangover that is . 
is looking forward to the weekend - nowt to do but chill 
is thinking about exercising - usual suspects have been crossed off the list because they are boring ( aerobics , swimming , running , gym ) anyone do anything remotely exciting and fun that falls into the exercise category ? 
Thinks daylight should be banned until I'm officially awake ! 
is too pooped to party . Night all . 
Is looking forward to Friday - could be messy 
omfg you got to be kidding that goal is sooooooooooooooo in !! Someone kill the ref . 
South African airways are asking anyone with a ticket to UK next Thurs to come forward as they are expecting to have to find 23 seats . 
pfft - roll on 2014 
phut phut 
expletives ! 
oh dear God !!!!!!!!! C'mon England what are you doin ?? Get Rooney off - no goals in 8 internationals should tell you sommat . 
Dear Lord , give them today their daily bread , forgive them their awful play , as we forgive Fabio the 4 4 2 , lead them not into conference league football , but deliver them without Rooney , Heskey and Gerrard , for world cup glory , ( and because the country cant cope with that many happy Scotsmen if we go out tonight ) for ever and ever Amen ! 
is the proud owner of a pair of totally practical white snow boots - so would now like some snow so that she can wear them and not look like a complete freak as she did today walking round Asda not a snowflake in sight . was however prepared r the blizzard that could have struck at any moment . 
yesssssss !!!! 
has a stinking burping farting snoring dog that is free to a good home - scratch that - free to any home - warning industrial size air fresheners required !! 
is overwhelmed by all the lovely birthday messages , thank you thank you thank you . I'm currently waiting on chef Christy who is banging and crashing ( and swearing ) in the kitchen creating a masterpiece - we may well die of starvaton if he takes much longer though ;-) 
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains , because the average man can see better than he can think . 
would like to know why you would be okay with your 12 / 13 year child drinking alco-pops . What - they cant wait a few years ? Unbelievable . What possible good can it do ? And please dont give me any crap about getting them used to it - tell you what give them cigarettes and dope while you're at it - just so they can handle it when they can afford buy their own !!!! Yours truly totally unimpressed gf ! 
Good news ............................................. 
Tournament organisers have spoke of the possibility of banning the plastic trumpets from inside stadiums after complaints from broadcasters , players and fans . World Cup organising chief Danny Jordaan has spoken of the possibility of banning vuvuzelas from inside stadiums . 
a conundrum - what would prompt you to have a proper blue fit about the colour of your trousers being charcoal and not black when you have known that and been wearing them for several months every day for school ? Go figure a ten year olds brain - its beyond me . 
what is going on with these stupid adverts half way down the page as well - bloody annoying 
is REALLY looking forward to driving to Hereford tomoz . 
has been awake since 3 - way too early to be up !! 
home made meatballs and sauce - yummy - too stuffed to move now though 
' can ' 
TGIF 
:-( and that's all there is to it . 
F F F F F F Friday !!!!! thank f f f f f f f f f f f f Goodness for that !!!!! 
has had a lovely relaxing day with Beverly , Laura , Sharon , Nicky and Nin 
is it really really early or late ? Having woken up i'm figuring out whether i curse because it's late or early ? 
inception - he was dreaming 
has Campylobacter gastroenteritis - told you I was poorly ! 
only strawberry creams left - even i cant bring myself to stoop that low to finish the tin off 
has had her patience tried and tested this morning and would now like a punch bag to pummel in order to return to a calm and chilled state . 
is Grumpy , Happy buggered off ages ago along with her afternoon plans of a walk and hot chocolate . 
Foxtrot . Romeo . Echo . Alpha . Kilo . Indigo . November . Gama . . . . Bravo . Oscar . Romeo . Echo . Delta !!!! 
watching the Hangover - cringing . 
JFHC !!! I seriously wonder if men werent just invented so we could add another definition in the dictionary under idiot !! Definition - a selfcentred thoughtless thick skined pillock bloke !!!!! 
Work !! Ughhhh - shoot the bright spark that invented it ! 
has been awake since stupid o'clock AGAIN !!! Grrrrrr ! 
all better now 
could do with a punch bag but hasn't got one so kicking the pouffe will have to do ! 
17 more sleeps 
supcalafragalisticexpealiodocous 
A story of karma ...... bf changes home page to golf news and wont tell me how to revert it back , bf sky plus's Ryder Cup to watch in evening as he plays golf in day - bf comes home having avoided listening to any Ryder cup news - I am however fully up to date with all scores because my home page has been set to golf .......... :-D Dont you just love to share ???? 
has some great ideas but defrosting the freezer using a hose and watching the water edge towards the extension lead complete with plugs on the floor wasnt one of them . 
is hitting the pause button the weekend is going too fast . 
geeee arrghhh umm peee fffffffff oooooo kkkkkkk eeerrrrrrrrr next to me !!!!!! 
zzzzz zzzzz zzzz not ! 
Straw . Camel . Back . 
Change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday 6th December there should be no human faces in profile pictures but just an invasion of memories . This is a campaign against violence towards children !..... ? be brave and do it !! 
what's the time ? Too bloody early is what , 
loving Professor Brian Cox ** 
oh ffs 
bf alarm at 545 - :-( light on at 550 :-( :-( noise and clatter from kitchen at 555 :-( :-( :-( sending bf a text to bring me cup of tea in bed and being brought nice cup of tea :-) :-) :-) :-) e 
lie in on a Sunday -luffly 
is sooooooooo excited - thank you thank you Jo for child sitting for a whole week-end . 72 child free hours 
12.47 , still in pj's and dishes still in sink - itinerary so far . . .. 5 episodes of ghost whisperer - what a lazy moo - loving it !! 
This is shit . 
Dear Lord - give me the strength not to kill the lil fooker 
has eaten her body weight in quality street 
WARNING !!...... PLEASE READ ....... If someone comes to your front door and asks you to remove all your clothes and dance with your arms in the air ....... DO NOT do this ..... It''s a scam . They just want to see you naked . Please copy this and paste to your status ...... I wish I had received this yesterday ........ I feel so stupid !..... Especially since it happened to me twice ... sheesh ... 
18 more sleeps 
is trying to decipher her BF's very drunken text 
yay the bin men are here - gawd bless their cotton bobbytail socks 
is waiting for breakfast in bed but will probably die of starvation before that ever happens . 
bing bang bong - Christy ' is that yours ? ' No . ' Is it your computer ? ' No ! Picks up his Blackberry - oh - Blackburn and United reminder . Duhhhh ! ;-) 
The weekend starts here ! I had wished it might start just a little later this morning but hey ho - more weekend to enjoy :-) 
has port , will drink ;-) 
i'd be grateful if someone could take the pneumatic drill off my back so i walk - failing that just bring me a bottle . 
is not asleep again . Grrrrr ! 
is truly p****ed right off . 
One more sleep til I eat too much , drink too much , and generallly over indulge for a whole weekend - fanbloomingtastic !!! 
could've done without that , thats for sure 
is missing the hot tub 
are all the piggin planets lined up in mars or sommat cos i agree with Rob everything is a bit shite at the minute . 
is spending a very lazy day watching movies snuggled up on the sofa - now where's the popcorn ! 
watching the Grammy's - apart from sounding like Madonna Gaga is nuts ! 
has spent the day doing absolutely nuttin ' - whew tiring - time for a malibu then :oP 
has valiantly tried to catch z's since 2.50 am but has now given up and using all her psychic powers predicts a tired and grumpy day ahead ! 
Hockins - makes the world a better place - especially with clotted cream :-) 
appears to have been very careless and lost ' A LIFE ' ie hers - God knows where's its gone but I sure as hell need to get it back ! 
has befriended Tia Maria - its been a while - Ive 
this mornings status is brought to you courtesy of cant sleep and wide awake with special thanks to our resident snoring expert christy worthington and to cocked up body clock - couldn't have done it without you ! :-) 
thinks that if she doesnt get proper credit for putting the football on she will be watching ANTM !! Sort it out Mister ' I was only thinking of you cos chelsea is your team ' Worthington ! 
apparently female squids have the tendency to wrap their tentacles around the male's head and pop them off ... sounds like they have the right idea 
Live , Laugh , Love . If that doesn't work , Raise , Aim and Fire . 
ahhh what it is to be young , stay up all night watching tv with friends , then have your afternoon completely ruined because your stepmum reminds you about walking the dog - when you have a headache !!!!!! Better phone child line ! 
There was a piece of chocolate cake in the fridge and a note that said " Don't eat me " Now there's an empty plate and a note that says " Don't tell me what to do " 
is very grateful to Christy Worthington for being so generous with his ' man flu ' and sharing it with me - amazingly however i seem to be immune from the paralyzing effects that nearlly killed Christy ! That would be as a result of him doing sod all and me thinking of wringing his neck - love you bf :-) 
some people should not be seen and not be heard 
would normally rather stick pins in her eyes than go shopping but every now and then she has the urge to splurge - tomorrow could be messy . 
enjoyed Christy's white knuckle car ride today and enjoyed a quiet chuckle at his white knuckles clutched to the hand grabby thingy above the car window when she returned the favour on the way home 
Copy this and put it in your status if you know someone or have heard of someone who knows someone or have heard of someone who may know someone ; or if you don't know anyone or even if you've just heard of someone who doesn't know anyone then do still copy this . It's important to spread the message . Oh and the hearts ... ? ? ? ? for f **** sake don't forget the hearts ! ? ? ? ? !! 
that sucks ! 
Christy Worthington cant do this and I'm not gonna tell him how ;-) 
Christy Worthington still can't do it ;-) 
has it on good authority that her fish pie was sooooooooooooo much nicer than the one Christy Worthington made ;-) 
TFIF !!!? Must be like xmas so excited about it being fri day i've been awake since three . Pfft . Here's a new one - poitanff !! Pished off its 3 am and not 5pm Friday ! 
Christy Worthington still cant do it ;-) 
too pooped to parrrrttttayyy zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
morning !! Pfft . 
Christy Worthington still can't do it AND definitely didnt cook those scones !!! 
is waiting for Christy Worthington to come home and cook tea ;-) 
wide awake - pfft 
Christy Worthington and Richard S . Morris still don't know how to do it !! ;-) 
wishes she had gone back to bed instead of deciding to watch ' the Greatest ' this morning . 2 hours and goodness knows how many racking sobs later i'm exhausted . 
loves Christy Worthington who still cant do it ;-) 
wants MALTESERS !!!!!! 
Christy Worthington - take a wild guess ! 
Ouch ! Seriously bad ear ache probably life threatening - on the upside cant hear christy snoring 
ill , aching , irritated and tired - warning any contact may seriously damage your health !! 
Dear Lord - clicked on to J Kyle - that man has no shame , grotesque ! 
ATTENTION ! While on FB , look at your URL address ( the very top box on your screen . ) If you see " http : " instead of " https : " then you DO NOT have a secure session & can be HACKED . Go to Account - Account Settings - Account Security - click Change . Check box ( secure browsing ) , click Save . FB has automatically set it on the non-secure setting ! Do your friends a huge favour , copy and re-post 
Baileys , maltesers , dips and doritos - Friday night in , diet out ;-) 
