is alive . But not very creative . Apparently . 
will be driving , driving , driving ... 
knows that the crazy , giant fly in the bathroom is out to get her ... 
says goodnight ! 
can't believe that she's awake ... 
wonders what the deal is . 
has been grossly irresponsible and unresolved . 
is a bit nervous . 
wonders if she'll do it ...? 
was too slow . 
loves ( almost ) everybody . 
looks forward to hot chocolate ! 
wishes that her INTERNET WORKED ! 
wants you to notice . 
can't really cook . She was just pretending . 
is locked away , deep in the maze that is the library ... 
realizes that she doesn't understand some forms of kindness . 
just wanted to write something . 
is hungry . 
wants to go ... 
will never go to outer space ... 
just did battle with a cockroach . 
feel secretarial . 
has recently had many close encounters with the police , and is now in hiding . 
says " Woo ! Work work work ! " 
is sick but so happy ! 
should've slept more . 
has one more point to make in her essay , 12 more pages of Derrida to read , a midterm review to start , Spanish exercises to do , 3 short stories to read , and some logic to practice . 
is getting excited ! 
is amazed at how well and how poorly she has managed this sleep-deprived day . 
finally has a gold chocobo ! 
likes people ? 
has a popcicle stick that asks , " What do you call the last bit of snow to hit the ground ? " Answer : " A snowflake . " ( Duh . ) 
killed people ! ( In Capture the Flag . ^^) 
just bought ice cream from an ice cream truck on a college campus . Adulthood is so good . 
feels like she may be getting in touch with her taste buds . 
thinks that ' couvade ' is a strange concept . 
literally just spent roughly 6 hours doing nothing but day dreaming ... 
must not be drinking enough orange juice ... 
believes only in the ingenuity of illusionists . 
has something on her wrist , and wants you to know that NOTHING HAPPENED . 
has roughly 7 minutes to think of a trick , set it up , and become a passable actor . IF she intends to fool Te Quiero , that is . 
isn't sure how it got this bad ! 
is sad that her Maymester class was canceled ... 
rearranged her living room today . Now to live in it for a while ... 
likes kites . 
is happy . 
remembers when she tried to hide the TV remote from herself , and failed her own ill-planned test of will power . Sadly , she is still fighting ... but with books . ( I want to read it so bad ! But I shouldn't! But I want to ! Nooo ! ) 
isn't sure how the last 20 minutes slipped by her so quickly . She was right here ! 
says " HAHAHA ! " 
made a scarf ! 
is now restricted to dial up , so don't miss her too much ! 
has had a fail-day . 
will eat grilled cheese ! YES ! 
IS a waitress . 
does NOT appreciate BUGS that make her feel like she might have been halucinating , OR the LEMON SCENTED bug spray ! 
-- it's upside down !!! Ahhh ! 
feels excited ! 
likes to send letters . 
is so terrible at turning stories in on time ... UGH ! 
didn't tell you about her hair cut . Haha ! 
thinks with some sadness on the days when she could use her hair as a built-in scarf ... 
started a grease fire . 
is removing wallpaper ... 
does not believe that she's been on Facebook for 2 years . Really ? 
somehow managed to accidentally re-orient her computer screen , and is currently typing this status sideways ... O.o 
will be seeing TWO Scotts tomorrow . Haha ! 
wants Pad Thai ! And a nap ... 
will be writing , writing , writing ! 
DOESN'T WANT TO DO ANYTHING . 
wanted to write this paper , but now she doesn't ... 
wishes that she were in Fayetteville . 
may be pulling an all-nighter , if she can manage it ... 
didn't manage it , and learned that once committed , you cannot renege without consequences ... 
turned 3 perfectly good Granny Smith apples into watery mush with sugar and cinnamon ... 
will be an Iron Chef ! 
will not tell herself she is ill until , maybe , after she has caught up on the many things she has not done yet . 
REALLY likes that she can see " friendships " now ! ( Though she questions the word choice , and would maybe more accurately call it an " exchange " page ... but they could have called it worse . [ So much worse ... ]) 
doesn't like the new status formatting . Even though it makes more sense . 
greatly enjoyed Scott Pilgrim ! 
finds if funny how , in the very end , British Romanticism and Ancient Philosophy have met in the most unexpected of places ... 
says " Thanks everybody ! " 
is at home , feeling sleepy , and she wants to make a quillow someday . 
doesn't know what she feels like singing ! Or doing . Or saying ... 
made snow ice cream !!! Yaaay ! ( In vanilla , chocolate , chocolate with mint , and chocolate with raspberry . Haha ... ) 
feels like the world is a good place . 
