Weirddddd ... 
Life ... Well what more do you want a freakin ' analogy . 
It was easier to know it than to explain why I know it . 
A blunt edge can not cut a hardened bone , but it can crush it . 
Aliit ori'shya tal'din - " Family is more than bloodline . " 
Just finished Underworld : Rise of the Lycans . " 4.5 of 5 , Absolutely Spectacular . The Gore , the Violence , the Action . Two Thumbs up and then some . " 
" Quis vadum exsisto , ero , atqui futurus . Posterus habitum plures semita per perpes via per vicis . " - What shall be , will be , and yet to be . The Future holds many paths along the never ending road through time . 
The end of the 2000's and the start of the 2010's . Times are about to change for us . New Adventures , New Beginnings , and New Revalations . A new decade of wonder and excitement . Have a happy New Year's Everybody . 
So I had a dentist appointment today . Couldn't eat for half and hour . And the moment I could eat came , I ate like a savage dog . 
" To give without any reward , or any notice , has a special quality of its own . " Anne Morrow Lindbergh 
So me and some friends go to Wahooz ( Boondocks ) and Garret and Me go on to the virtual rollercoaster and we were to heavy for the machine . It overload and to cool off after three tries . We were the first people in 3 years to achieve this record . HA !! 
Random Quote of the Day : Wax On . Wax Off . Wax On . Wax Off . Random Quote of the Night : Yo Bro ! Hey Bro ! How's it been Bro ? Fine , How bout you Bro ? 
Random Quote of the Day : Hi , I'm Shawn Spencer . This is my friend , Hummingbird Saltalamacchia . Random Quote of the Night : Major General Felts : I assume you realize this kind of idiocy will not be tolerated on my base ! Shawn : Is there another type of idiocy you would be more comfortable with ? 
Random Quote of Day : Hey folks , how you doing ? Jack O’Neill , Earth . Listen . originally we came here to rescue you . But as you can see we’ve run into a bit of a snag . So if any of you can bend steel with your bare hands or happen to be more powerful than a locomotive , just raise your hand . Identify yourselves . Let us know where you are ... 
Random Quote of the Day : THEY BROUGHT A CAVE TROLL !!! 
Random Quote of the Day : Water is fluid , soft , and yielding . But water will wear away rock , which is rigid and cannot yield . As a rule , whatever is fluid , soft , and yielding will overcome whatever is rigid and hard . This is another paradox : what is soft is strong - Lao Tzu 
Random Quote of Day : LEMME TELL YOU SOMETHING , JARRET OF PANTAPHAGE ! I JUST JUMPED OUT YOUR THROAT ! YOU START A WAR WITH THE LUODANS AND I'LL DO IT AGAIN ! ONLY NEXT TIME , I'LL KNIT YOUR INTESTINES INTO A SWEATER ! - Rath the Appoplexian 
Yeah I've been sick . Sore throat , burning ears , headaches , color problems , fever , coughing . Can't watch TV too long or it turns into torture and have to sleep a lot . :( 
Yeah well , stuck at home for today . I've taken karate classes for the past month , trying to regain some of my old skills , and suffer at the time what seemed a minor injury . It'll probably be fine by Saturday morning , it sucked though cause I couldn't walk on it a first . 
Yes . Hello everybody , Happy late Valentines Day/Presidents Day . Yeah so I was gone this weekend for Winter Camp and when I got back my parents got me a new phone with keyboard . XD But no texting :( 
Doesn't want to get up tommarow and just sleep in till 9:30 in the morning . Ugh ! Must have . . . pinaplez , penappls , PInEPpLEs !! 
He spoke and they were made . He commanded and they were created . To be there , yet to never exist . Keepers of the Peace or Harbours of Destruction they both can be . 
In highschool , Robin Williams was voted " Least Likely To Succeed " 
No I don't want the pie , sir ... Sir I don't want the pie ... Sir ! Really I don't want the pie ... SIR I DON'T ! @#$ING DAMN PIE ! 
Thundercats Ho ! 
Question Game ! You are going to stranded on a island due to unknown reasons to you . All you know is that you get to bring 2 personal items , a book or tool , a lifetime supply of one food and one drink item , and a pair of domesticated animals of any sort . 
" Bullseye ... if you blow my head off ... That'll really annoy me .. " - Deadpool 
Scenario : You are a white man born blind from birth , only to find out when you're 32 that you're actually black . 
The end of all hope is to lose one's childlike faith . 
Mr Immortal - " Youre not even a mutant " DP- " Yes I am " Mr Immortal " and your not an X-man " DP " Oh and you have the card set or something " Mr Immortal- " UHH no " 
Dp " Do you have the cardset " Mr Immortal " Not on me , I just have it for flipping " 
DP " I'd like to flip shadowcat " . " She's a ripe ... " Doorman " Shut your pie hole " 
has been modified from his orginal version and has been formatted to fit your screen . 
dbore ot hdeat ! drea sthi tpos ecaus uyo ear dbore oto ! 
Ah Mao . A game so annoying that it's fun . 
is back from surgery . The doctor said they came out with ease and they barely had anything . I blacked out and the next thing I know its an hour and half later and I wake up in a lounge chair drawing some sort of creature on a notepad . 
is getting ready to have surgery to remove his wisdom teeth . :( 
Angels sang out ... in immaculate chorus ... 
Down from the heavens ... descended Chuck Norris ... 
Who delivered a kick ... which could shatter bones ... 
Into the crotch ... of Indiana Jones ... 
is broken . Please return to manufacturer for repair . Thank you , and have nice day ! 
Question : Kenya has 3 apples . America wants those apples . How many apples does Kenya have ? Its multiple choice . A ) No Apples and that's it . Kenya has no apples . 
There's a mean person doing mean things to GOOD PEOPLE !!!! :( 
Wow Barbie's handwriting is so fancy and girly . . . Uh Woody . This wasn't written by Barbie . . . " ? Ken " . . . Oh . 
Ah its great to be sixteen !! Let us enjoy the sunny day ! XD 
A friend will lend you a shovel , a true friend will help you bury the body and pretend it never happened . 
CONFESSION TIME !! ( Inbox ONLY ) .... 2O1O is almost over . Confess something you've always wanted to tell me =) [ Put this as your status & expect the unexpected ! ] ? 
The doctor said I had multiple personalities ... but we don't believe him . What !? Who said that ? Was it you Sarcasm or maybe you it was you Humor !? 
says what is your favorite film quote ? Write Below ..... 
As the fire dies out from burning our old lives , so are born new ones from the ashes ... It is a fire that consumes me , but I am the fire . This man ... must look upon the fire , smell of it , warm his hands by it , stare into its heart , or remain forever ignorant . 
Eip . 
was afraid I was losing my mind so I asked the people behind my couch and they assured me that I was still sane :) 
2+2 = FISH , and yes this is a real answer . Now if you can tell me why this is true , then you get nickel ... and/or cookie . 
Tales say this man once stormed an entire fortress alone , naked , and screaming his defiance into the night ... I think they forgot to mention dead drunk . 
Ever get in a fight with yourself , not talk to yourself for days , have to admit to yourself you were wrong and finally apologize to yourself ? 
The first person who likes this status , I will have their last name for a 
week ! Copy and paste this as your status & see whos last name you will have for 
a week ! 
feels neglected by his imagenary friends . 
Name's Bond . James Bond . 
OMG ! Ichigo killed Kenny . 
Really need something to do for New Years Eve . Hate being stuck home . 
Tada ! Oh wait I forgot the surprise . 
There are no stupid questions , just stupid people . Because a person is smart(-ish ) , people are ignorant . 
wishes his mind would stop thinking and just vegge out for a bit . 
wants his own Mini-Me ... and a Yoda . 
sticks and stones may break my bones , but names shall never hurt me . Unless those names are written in stone and thrown at me . 
Lucasfilm's has stated that as the movie industries technology advanced so will Star Wars . Two Examples : Yoda will be completely digital in all six films and They will be in Dreamworks 3D . 
A good friend would come and bail you out of prison , but a true friend would be sitting next to you inside the cell saying " WOW . Now that was fun . =D " 
Enough 
IMMA ?? FIRIN ?? MA ??? LAZOR 

O ????? o 
/¯¯/__ o___O ___ o___O ___ o___O __ 
\__\¯O¯¯¯o¯¯¯O¯¯¯o¯¯¯O¯¯¯o¯¯ 
Courage is being scared to death , but saddling up anyway . ~ John Wayne 
For those of you who always thought there was a 3rd Motal Kombat movie you were wrong . However last year an upcoming director and some guy from " Undisputed 3 " made a short film called " Mortal Kombat Rebirth " for Warner Bros . to revitalize the series . They are now filming a 10-part mini-series of mortal kombat . 
Chuck Norris hates Raymond . 
Q : Why is it called " Eye of the Tiger " A : Because Eye of the Polar Bear would sound STUPID !! 
Just got back from school . We had a lockdown . Overheard the teachers description there was a tall black man , maybe a teenager , in shorts and flip flops possibliy armed , details are sketchy . We didn't know it was definitely real until shortly before it ended . 
To do today I'm going to follow the yellow brick road to Narnia find the black pearl give it to Johnny Depp then skip along through hyperspace to Yavin 4 and blow up the Deathstar ! 
Well the X-Men film series is far from over . In the next 5 years period there will be more to come . Sequels and Spinoff =| . X-Men : First Class , X-Men Origins : Wolverine 2 , Deadpool , and X-Men 4 . 
I so want to get . . . I WANT TO GET CHOCOLATE WASTED !!!! . . . No kids the moth isn't dead he's just sleeping . * squish * Now he's dead . 
Video Games have taken the next level . Microsoft has pretty much elimated controllers with the Xbox Kinect . Camera-based wireless system reads your movements and you are now the controller . It is compatible with large portion of older xbox 360 games and all new ones . 
realizes that he is conflicted . 
: Cops are looking for a missing person with messed up teeth , bad hair and an ugly retarded face . I'm worried .. Call me if your OK ! 
Today , at around 10:15 am , I collapse during my health class of what appears to be a seizure , although they aren't entirely sure if it was , and have a neurologist to give EEG scan next week . 
For those of you who are Stargate Atlantis fans , Jason Momoa aka Ronan Dex will be the new Conan the Barbarian in next years movie ... that is all . 
Oh no that demon is still mobile ! " I'm not a freaking demon ! " ( To Demon Eyes ) You know you are ) 
I hear these so often that I marked all the most common lines from people who gave heroic speechs to me . ~ TFS Frieza : 
92 - We are here to stop the sensiless slaughter of our people . 
355 - Now your going to pay . 
419 - We are the ones that will stop you . 
190 - You Insane Bastard . 
12 - Well were going to F *** up your face ! 
I would employ the wise and strong of the empire , using righteousness to lead them . In this way , nothing is impossible . ~ Cao Cao 
Haha . The Deadliest Warrior season 2 is awesome . Episode 19 is Vlad The Impaler vs . Sun Tzu . The infamous Dracula vs the Glorious Chinese Strategist . WHO WILL WIN !? 
< positive or negative comment > < team name > < won/lose > the superbowl , I'm so < emotion > ! < emoticon > 
The brains of adult men are about 10% larger in total size than the brains of women ( no this does not mean men are smarter ) because men generally are larger in stature and have more muscle m . than women , their brains need more neurons to control the body . 
Just saw Toy Story 3 ! Freakin ' amazing ! Magnifico ! Extraordinario ! Fantastico ! 
Two Jews walk into a bar - " NO ! " What ? You don't Jews into your bar ? You racist bastard . 
You wake up in the morning , go to the bathroom , sneeze , and the end up hitting your head on the nozzle of the bathroom sink . 
Hoo rayh ! Back from the first day of Summer School . It wasn't that hard , boring though . Walked home . Stopped at Subway . Gotz my self a bag of sun chips and sugar cookies . I hope these walks get less boring . 
Dude why is there a tiger in the bathroom and who's baby is that ? 
Chuck Norris CAN believe its not butter . 
Gohan we stil need to lower our power levels . Krillin I still can't lower mine as much as yours . But I haven't even --- yes Gohan you still have much to learn . 
On that day the LORD exalted Joshua in the sight of all Israel ; and they feared him , as they had feared Moses , all the days of his life . ~ Joshua 4:14 NKJV 
Giant seeks food , but to too tall to reach . Seeking small person to help get food where Giant cannot get food . 
Going to see Red with Bruce Whillis and Morgan Freeman . Hopefully it's a 100% awesome . If not , please don't be a fail . 
What the freak , Ichigo's father is a Substitute Soul Reaper and he's also a Captain ! HOW couldz my deductive skills miss such a thing !? NOEZ ! 
asks , Why am I confided upon , for what makes me so special ? Am I just nice , unjudging , what ? 
Don't get mad , Get Even . 
So recently a friend of mine got engaged so we decided to look up what that means . It means " to do battle with the enemy . " Then since he was going to get some in-laws we looked up the definition of mother-in-law and said " look up - engaged " . 
Phone : Ah , yes . Have you ever heard of the One World Church ?, Deadpool : Nope , Phone : It's in France ., Deadpool : I'll pass ., Phone : It pays a lot ., Deadpool : Good sir , you can't pay me enough to go to France while our countries are at war !, Phone : Uhm , we're not at war ., Deadpool : We're not ?, Phone : No ., Deadpool : Oh .... , Deadpool : So ... How much money ?, Phone : ..., Deadpool : Well , that sure is a lot ... 
Dear Week , Its over its not you well its mostly you ; you just drag on forever and I've met someone better , there name is Weekend . I'm sorry it had to end this way . Love Your Monday Thru Friday , Ah you know my name . 
" A-Poc-Key-Lips . I think I found my new favorite word ! " 
Nail . " Yes Lord Guru . " I saw a bird . It was pretty . Kick its @$$ . 
I GOT AN IDEA LET's USE WHALES TO STOP THE SAIYANS ! WHALES !!!! - Aquaman ( DBZ Abridged ) 
HELLO , Deadpool . Ready for a fun filled day in Murderworld ? : Yup . I've got my sunscreen on and I've taken my motion sickness pills so bring on the rides ! : Oh , I don't think you understand . You're going to die here . : I know ! Carnivals always slay me . : No . You are going to physically die ... as in stop breathing . You will cease to exist . : Riiiiiight ... So do you have bumper cars here ? : Arrrgh ! 
So a night ago apperently my father woke up my mom in the early in morning while he was dreaming about fighting the Chinese . He was judo kicking and screaming like an adrenline pumped solider . lol . 
I lkie pie and ckae and mstier poatote haed can you eevr psisboly raed tihs scmelbard wrod sgaa of eipc weloidsnrs and abtulsoe aemoswe bocesiduoaisns . If you can raed tihs you are eihter icerlidnby sitpud or a geiuns bnoyed wodrs . tatddadaaaa 
Complete Annihilation 
YESSS ! ZACH LEVI WILL BE IN THE AVENGERS ! AS A SUPERHERO ! 
So yeah me and mah mom eat chinese every sunday after church . I gotz a fortune cookie . It said " Why not go out on ab limb ? Isn't that where the fruit is ? " Shortly after I was falling out a tree in attempt to get an apple . 
1871 : Clement Vallandigham , U.S. Congressman and political opponent of Abraham Lincoln , died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound suffered in court while representing the defendant in a murder case . Demonstrating how the murder victim could have inadvertently shot himself , the gun , which Vallandigham believed to be unloaded , discharged and mortally wounded him . The defendant was acquitted . 
Say Jar Jar Binks is an abomination . Say it ! - Wade Wilson ( DP ) 
So yeah there was an uncontrolled fire in chem lab today . Mr Barr accidently started it and then tried to put it out with a water sprayer instead of the extiguisher . We were all just sitting there wondering " We should probably do something to put it out ... Nah I'll just wait for someone else to do it . " Plus the fire alarms didnt go off even though the room had four and was filled with smoke . 
Sparring was good tonight . Accidently hit some kid's nerve because we kicked at the same time .... needless to say I won . 
thinks that he can't get satisfaction . 
Shhh . My common sense is tingling . 
" I don't know what to say ... " : Cyclops " No thanks necessary ... " : Deadpool " ... other than " get the hell out of here and don't come back . "" : Cyclops 
Me curse . Never . . . I use sentence enhancers . 
No ! What I'm saying is that it could possibly kill you if y- Where did you get that muffin ? " Muffin Button . " But-But I didn't install a muffin button !? " Then were did I get this muffin ...? " 
Why is your dad's ashes in coffee pot ? Because he's dead Peter . 
The man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of someone to blame it on . - Robert Bloch 
Hey , Shippo . Your village called . They're asking for their idiot ! 
Another day of Boreduminess . " Yay " ! Now I can " enjoy " the same exact episode of ' whatever it is ' over again . 
Random Facts : In Singapore , it is illegal to chew gum . 
Hmmm . . . 
Twelves hours and seven minutes from now I will being eating government issued food in a school cafeteria once again . 
Back from Utah . 
Now you feel like number one , shining bright for everyone . Living out your fantasy , brightest star for all to see . 
Where did you get that muffin ? " Muffin Button . " ... But I didn't install a muffin button ... " Then where did I get this muffin ? " ... Anyways . Don't touch the gravity control . It can reach over 100 times Earth's own . " So what you're saying is if I increase the gravity I can train harder than ever . " No it could crush your bones and permanently has destreme- " Bored now got to go . " Wait ! zzp ...... " I like his mustache . " 
" Pwangg ? " Trees don't go " Pwangg --" Llamas don't go " Pwangg --" Nothing found in nature goes " Pwangg " , which means -- we're officially hip deep in the smelly stuff . 
The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return . ~ Eden Ahbez 
Selective Listener .... Yeah , totally ... What were you saying again ? 
Life 
Oh hey there mister cop man sir . No you did not just see climb out of that window . Oh what's this ? This is called a crowbar . What am I doing with it ? Well I certainly was not using it to robb that house I just came out of . No siree , not me . What's this in my other hand ? O this is nothing but a bunch of weeds I've plucking up tonight . Okay , Bye mister cop man . 
Don't worry peoplez of Facebook . Mah self is ohk four nou and mez mispellengs hev nuthing two du with it . Caesaure out ! 
Yes . New White Collar tonight on USA network . 
Well I am completely satisfied with today's outbringings . 
Soy aquí . " Todo el naciones haber rodear me como en el nombre de la Señor Yo deber destruir esos gente . " NKJV Pslams 119:10 modificado 
Tada 
You hate the sin , but you love the sinner . Because a little pain never hurt anyone and I’m not going to say , “I told you so . ” 
Well not that I have done the Christmas Eve family party , celebrated by a whole bunch of californian-born whites who love mexican food and a few elsewere-borns , was nice . Had fun with all the little ones . Enjoyed the cookies .... 3 shirts .... 1 fits ... and $25 Edwards Card ! MERRY CHRISTMAS MY FRIENDS ! 
Got headache , Feel like crap . Hate Life . 
Holy Crap there is Jellyfish which is immortal because it can revert to baby state and then grow up again . And Japanese Bees are evil because if Hornet comes near the hive they swarm it a the last sec and vibrate to temperates of 117 F , a bee can withstand 118 F , but a Hornet can only withstand 115 F . THEY WILL COOK YOU ALIVE !!! 
Due to the recent decline of Red Heads ( Homo Rufus ) it is now illegal to hunt or kill these creatures and special institutions have started up to revitalize the sub-species . 
Facebook the Movie , October 1st 2010 . 
Nothing like freaking your friend out by smoking a fake cigar from a halloween store in the back of his truck in the middle of a parking lot . 
Well the performing arts carwash event at Columbia was okay . I met three new girls , all named Jessica . The performence went fail , but we had fun . My hair was sprayed with gold and silver glitter spray , so I looked really shiny . But the worst thing was no one would take my salad I was serving :( . All in All though it was ok . 
GUMMIE BEARS !!!! 
Does anyone find it disturbing that slaughter can't be spelled without laughter ? 
I fear all we have done is to awaken a sleeping giant and filled him with a terrible resolve . For the desire of power in excess caused the angels to fall , and so they shall again . For only anger and the lust of power fuels this new resolve , my resolve . 
Well . Out of boredum I went and found all the 80's and 90's theme songs I could in heavy metal ... There were a lot . 
No comment 
A criminal breaks into a house and a parrot flies up to him . The parrot says " Jesus is watching you . " The criminal feels discourged and decideds to follow the parrot as he flies off . The parrot then stops over a doberman and says " Sick him Jesus . " 
It's official , Universal is re-making Back to the Future and thank god to scheduling troubles for Justin Bieber so he can't play Marty McFly . 
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYBODY !!!!! AND A HAPPY HOLIDAYS TO ALL OTHERS ! : MILE ) 
Momentai , " No Problem . " 
RIP Mike Camareo , first spanish teacher and father's best friend . You are missed . 
Bored person seeks companion : 
A . Go see stupid movie at Reel Theatre sunday afternoon , 1st person gets paid for . 
B . Invite me to something to help me to avoid paid chores . 
C . Help me make a dastardly plan to escape the Surburban Forest of Hell 
D . I hit you upside the head with the following : a cane , a nunchaku , a case of my hand smacking you upside the head ... * cough * Mat ... 
E . Buy me a cookie ... and watch me eats it . 
The achieve maximum mental capability one must also reach maximum physical capability . One can not be reached without the other . 
Japan . Where Giant Monster Battles happen daily . 
Bravery is being the only one who knows you’re afraid . 
After analyzing my words , seven times the word Muffin appeared ... make that eight times . 
I am here . Now what are your other two wishes ? 
Lindsay Lohan , 24 , is all over the news because she's a celebrity drug addict . While Justin Allen , 23 , Brett Linley , 29 , Matthew Weikert 29 , Justus Bartett , 27 , Dave Santos , 21 , Chase Stanley , 21 , Jesse Reed , 26 , Matthew Johnson , 21 Zachary Fisher , 24 , Brandon King , 23 , Christophe rGoeke , 23 , and Sheldon Tate , 27 are all ... Marines that gave their lives this week , no media mention . Honor THEM by reposting . 
P1 - Don't try to do anything stupid . 
P2 - I don't have to try . 
Trust me never trust a person who's says trust me . 
Chuck Norris doesn't wear a watch . He decides what time it is . 
And we know that all things work together for good to those who love God , to those who are the called according to His purpose . For whom He foreknew , He also predestined to be conformed to the image of His Son , that He might be the firstborn among many brethren . Moreover whom He predestined , these He also called ; whom He called , these He also justified ; and whom He justified , these He also glorified . ~ Romans 8:28 -30 
And Moses said to the people , " Do not fear ; for God has come to test you , and that His fear may be before you , so that you may not sin . " Exodus 20:20 
can do amazingly epic things , but only when no one is looking . 
Life goes on . This year teemed with new ideas and wonder . We have been brought forth world-changing events from Haiti to BP to Technological Legends . May we all enjoy this year's final days . 
Okay here's the plan . We go to the bookstore . Say hi . Happen to bring up the issue . Measure the circumfrence of the midget's head . And the divide by ?. Simple . 
Honors Lucas " The beauty of friendship so deep and nurturing , with infinite laughter is that it comes with no price and shall always be carried in your heart . " ... may he rest in peace . 
We might be going to Utah . Pending on road conditions . 
Christmas Break ! A NEW YEAR ON THE VERGE OF ARRIVAL ! 
Why does America have the strongest economy in the world ? Because of our ability to buy endless amounts of useless crap we don't need . Example : You walk in the mall and you stop as you see that there is in fact a " inflatible barbaque " . You can literally cook while in the pool . The Oreo Pizza ~ A symbol to terrorists that says " FU there isn't anything you can do us which we haven't already done to ourselves . " 
THIS BROOM ! THIS BROOM ! THIS BROOM ! 
Was sleep deprived , straved , kicked in the head , landed flat on his face , fought the effects of his first benedryl , and then forced to burn his body to -1400 calories vs day's diet . 
Chuck Norris doesn't make mistakes . He makes errors which he then corrects . 
I would have gone to church this morning if only I hadn't woken up to look like a young Gandalf the White . 
Today is a sad day when you learn there is an actual genre of music called " Nerdcore Hip Hop " and apparently its extremely popular with its lord of the rings , thundercats , star wars , and comic book-based lyrics . 
Sore all over . Couldnt jog today . Now this bring up the question of how ? answer . I dont have the slightest idea . 
Christmas time is here and the only thing i want for christmas is : Sony HDR-CX110 High Definition Handycam Camcorder w/ carrying case . Copy and paste this to your profile to say what you want for christmas . 
South Park ' s Cure for Bieber Fever : Kill Justin 
FRAUD ALERT : Apparently the group asking everyone to change their profile 
picture to their favorite cartoon is actually a group of pedophiles . 
They're doing it because kids will accept their friend request if they 
see a cartoon . Nothing to do with supporting child violence . It was on 
... that TV show that warns you about internet frauds . Its on Tonights News . 
Pass this on to everyone who has a cartoon picture . 
How long shall I take counsel in my soul , Having sorrow in my heart daily ? How long will my enemy be exalted over me ? Psa 13:2 
MERRY CHRISTMAS ! 
Stuck in Utah for an extra day due to snow . 
Finishing the year by watching Tron Legacy . Feels great . 
Men In Black 3 , Monsters Inc . 2 , X-Men First Class , Underworld 3 , and Batman 3 The Dark Knight Rises have been confirmed . 
The serial killer statistics - The USA has 76% of the worlds serial killers . 
84% of American killers are caucasian . 16% are black . Men make up at least 90% of the world wide total of serial killers . 65% of victims are female . 89% of victims are white . 44% of all killers start in their twenties . 26% start in their teens . 24% start in their thirties . Out of all the killers , 86% are heterosexual . 
Well my hacky sack skills have improved . My top combo was 5 with two knees , a kick , elbow , and a shoulder . My average combo was 3 . Still need to work on the basic skills and teamwork however . 
No school . THIS IS AMAZING ! But sad because it means we cant make youtube videos today . 
IS BACK HOME FROM ELSEWHERE ! 
Tonight I was choked , strangled , stabbed , punched , cut , hit by a table , jumped over a table , been almost bitten , thrown a table , broke a chair , wrestled , and suffered multiple abrasion on my fingers , all in the Annual Winter Idaho Spoons Championship ... I won 2nd Place Sliver Champion as Austin " Big Mac " Brown . 
The first video Idiots United 10 ever published is now reached the milestone of over 1000 youtube video views with 5 likes and 2 dislikes ! 
2 million fish dead on the coast of Maryland . 
Day 31 , This year's first month had both its ups and downs . Let us see what happens next . 
My hair is now so white-blonde that it reflects the sun and blinds people . 
Oh ! My mistake . These aren't birth control pills . They're ... Tic-Tacs . You know , to make your breath smell better . But don't eat them , they're ... adult Tic-Tacs . You know , special . 
Rock Em Sock Em Robots the Movie starring Hugh Jackman . No I am not ! @#$ing kidding this is real and * faceplam * it's called Real Steel ... ignore the unintentional pun . 
Ball's Falls , Canada ... Random Clowns .... Shay Carl , you rock . 
Netflix , Monk , and free HD ... its a good life . 
We had sparring tonight in TSD . We did some point matches too , I got 1 win , 1 lose and tied with Kayla . We were evenly matched overall , but see got in the final point . This night was EPIC ... ;) 
Chuba-thingy ! I like it ! 
" Let's see here . Well he was killed by a runaway tank , " or by the idiot driving it , " And then he came back as an angry ghost . Took over a Mexican Robot's body . And then we had to spray paint him so he was blue . " - Caboose 
Watching Gurren Lagaan . Just finished Episode 1 . 
There's a method to my maddness and even if it isn't logical to you , it is to me . 
There was an ARMY officer named Staff Sergeant Max Fightmaster ! 
Fog Day was good . Just bored out of my mind . 
NOOOOO ! The Axis have won over the Allies ! WHY BRITIAN ! WHY ! WHY DID YOU BUILD A FACTORY IN CANADA AND NOT IN INDIA !.... Oh well its only a 5 hour long board game . 
Going to the outskirts for the day . If needed to be contacted , please tweet " lol emergency sorta " or call 1-208-IHA-TEU2 which will then triangulate your location and forward you to my main celluar function after completing a series rigirious brain tasks . Good Luck ;) 
feels sickly 
They can now control the WEATHER ... to a minor extent . They do this by lauching a rocket into the air ( when its either hailing or snowing ) which release a massive shockwave that creates rain . So basically , $1.2 Million ROCKET + EXPLOSION + FROZEN WATER = Rain . 
Now the vlogbrothers have 418,439 subscribers and Oprah has 84,409 . Now I ? am not a mathematician , but I believe that constitutes as EPIC pwnage . 
? Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Dende ! Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Dende ! Dende " Guru ! " Dende " Nail's Here . " Nail !? 
Finally found my Wii's sensor bar . Life is feeling upwards . 
sucks when you realize the light at the end of the tunnel is a train 
Todays Recap : Woke Up with back ache and tiredness . 1st Period , worked on study guide , missed protest . 2nd Period , Ewoks win history flyswater game . 3rd Period , Chem Lab and more card playing . 4th Period , no teacher , just hung out . After School , Shawn nailed by Hacky Sack . Evening , grappling and form with pretty girl ... All in Al an okay day . 
There is now a little Eygptian girl named " Facebook " by her father , in tribute in how facebook had helped the recent revolution in Eygpt . Aparently because there are a lot young ( 30-ish ) Eygptians who have facebook , they helped start it by creating a page on facebook . 
Es Pollo de Grande Fuego en el calle y colosal gato en su amigos pantelones . 
SOY DISPAROS MINA LáZUR ! 
I'm getting married in 3 months .... I have yet to tell my friend that she is dating an Axe Murder .... I feel conflicted . 
Reagan ... the man who name a military operation " Star Wars " and the guy who called the Soviet Union the " Evil Empire " . 
America ... 1% truth , 99% bullschivik 
Pressure , under pressure . Pressure pushing down on me Pressing down on you , no man asked for . Under pressure , that burns a building down . This is ourselves under pressure , under pressure , pressure . 
This year , there will be a 27 sequels - With Mission Impossible GP , Pirates of the Caribbean 4 , Scream 4 , Spy Kids 4 , and The Twilight Saga : Breaking Dawn ( Pt . 1 ) there will also be the most part fours ever released in 1 calendar year . There will be an = # of part fives , breaking another record with : Fast Five , Final Destination 5 , Puss in Boots , X-Men : First Class , and Winnie the Pooh . So much for originality ... 
Anatidaephobia is the fear that somewhere in the world , there is a duck watching you . 
Warning All Peoples : Today the 2nd largest earthquake in japanese history has generated a massive tsunami predicted to hit the entire pacific coast from Alaska to Chile . The United States West Coast and Alaska Tsunami Warning Center issued a tsunami warning for the coastal areas of California and Oregon from Point Conception , California to the Oregon-Washington border . 
Today I asked myself ... How does one shoot a crossbow negative 6 feet ?... Award for the most greatest epic fail of 3/12/11 goes to Bobby Gard . 
Sees change brewing . The only question thats stands is whether is will be good or bad or little of both . 
I have afflicted with bedamned nasopharyngitis ..... I have the common cold ..... curse you Bob and your sneezing . 
HAPPY Saint Patricks ! ? 
crusin ' via wii ... it's slow ... very , very slow 
Ivan the Terrible ... sure you may have killed people , sent out a large police force to kill people , acccidently murdered your son , and caused your daughter-in-law to have a miscarriage ... " BUT the worst thing you ever did was 427 years ago you died during the middle of a CHESS game and didn't tell ANYBODY where your FANCY royal LIBRARY was located ! " - John Green 
wow .. Charlie Sheen is mean . His tweet --> Rebecca Black , we don't hate you because you're famous . You're famous because we hate you . 
It's officially spring break , and today I started off by seeing a beaver being stared at by bachelor party of ducks . 
Mistaking the battery for the data chip and then assuming it's in there to charge all night .... sometimes it makes me wonder about parents . 
Made it to Draper , UT for today . Thanks goes to Peyton for the map instructions . 
Happy Birthday to me ! Yay ! 
