started snacking on Grandma Vollie's delicious peanut brittle , and hopes he'll stop before finishing off the bag ! 
won't be going to bed ' til tonight after all this sugar ! 
figured out how to accept friend requests exactly 30 seconds ago ! 
just got home from working out , handbell choir , and voice choir ! 
' s birthday is over , and now he's gonna just go to sleep ( with a huge smile on his face ! ) ! 
is already tired of the ads for dating sites all over the place ! 
is going crazy ' cause it's his BIRTHDAY ! Whoooo hoooo ! 
has to get ready to go work out , will be gone until at least 8:30 p.m. , and will love every minute of it . Hopefully , someone here is at the YMCA ! That would be sooo cool ! 
has only 10 minutes left of his Birthday ! Gonna start dancing ! 
is about to get in the shower , so I won't be able to get back to people instantly for a bit . 
had to make a lot of calls and just came back ! 
Whoo hooo ! It's my BIRTHDAY ! 
is doing a celabratory dance because it's his BIRTHDAY ! 
just ate pumpkin pie and got a camera while listening to Birthday by the Beatles ' cause it's my BIRTHDAY ! 
is getting ready to go work out ! 
weighs 150 pounds , and if my heart was somehow missing , I would probably only weigh 30 ! 
is eating ANIMAL CRACKERS ! They're like my version of Scooby Snacks ! 
Run , run , as fast as you can ! You can't catch me , ' cause I'm Peter ! 
What angers you , owns you . If nothing angers you , you belong only to whoever you choose ! 
is eating Frosted Mini Wheats ! Great power breakfast ! 
is off to work out ! Be back in about 6 hours ! 
loves meeting people he knows when running ! 
Even if you feel alone , someone is thinking of you ! 
switched to craisins to stop scarfing peanut brittle ! 
" You can't whine while wearing combat boots ! " -Rachel Johnson 
Better to die of thirst than to drink from the cup of mediocrity ! 
remembered 6th hour Algebra 2 the 07-08 school year today . While I was on the rowing machine at the Y , " Pete's a player " popped into my head , and I couldn't stop laughing ! I got so many funny looks after that ! 
I'm just good enough of a swimmer to not drown , and when I try to swim 500 meters in 14 minutes or less , it's basically just brute strength applied in all the wrong ways ... Imagine asking a rhinoceros to climb a tree , and then watching the rhino struggle to the top somehow ! THAT'S ME ! 
If you like free Chipotle check out my events ! 
can't stay up for another second , so he's gonna say buh bye ! 
is still celebrating ' cause it's my BIRTHDAY ! Whoooooooo ! 
is only gonna be able to get on his laptop for another two days , so if you have something to say , speak now or hold your peace for a long time ! 
is unable to decide whether to go to sleep or eat breakfast ... (?) 
jaw just dropped at all the friends he made ! 
If you were dying and had enough time to make one phone call , who would it be , what would you say , and why OH WHY are you waiting !?! 
Those who give everything have everything to gain ! 
When it comes to fighting nothing with nothing , I'm the best there is ! 
If you are reading this and it's after midnight of February 2nd , I'm in the Air Force ! 
is getting ready for the ride of his life ! 
Only when we are no longer afraid are we free to live ! 
Loves Facebook now that he FINALLY joined ! 
has a heavily packed Wednesday before him , and that's just the way I like it ! 
The next time someone insults you or puts you down , remember that those insults say very little about you personally , but volumes about your critic's character ! 
is taking off for A to Z comics ! See you guys tomorrow ! 
is getting ready to go to A to Z comics ! 
I need to go one month without wearing the wrong uniform of the day to morning accountability . I only have next month to do it ! 
Man , it's so good to have homework again ! 
I'm probably one of the easiest people in the world to get along with . Thing is , if someone's determined to be a grump , they can just bowl me over with a flick of their wrist . 
Four day weekend with family ? Awwwww yeaaaaaaah ! 
I know what my first base is ! I'm going to Offut Air Force Base , Nebraska ( near Omaha ) , and my job is going to be Airborne Radio ! I'm going to fly in an E-3 Sentry as aircrew and operate/maintain the radio ! 
As if that wasn't good enough , Offut is only 3 and a half hours from my mom's house in Blue Springs ! 
AND I'll be going there in the winter so I'll finally be back to cold weather ! 
Pumps Fist !!! 
I looove the chow hall ! 
Startin ' Block 11 of 11 tomorrow . I am SO close ! 
Every march is a parade , 
Every meal is a feast , 
Every paycheck is a fortune . 
Okay , I don't know what happened , but all of my notes disappeared ! 
Noooooooooooooooo ! 
Man , this week is awesome ! I love my class , I love being in the 338th , and now we're gonna go see Tops in Blue ! 
Oh , also , I got 97 on my Block 8 test . 
I don't know how it's gonna turn out , but I'm gonna check out midnight chow tonight . 
It shewd be gewd ! 
Wow , that's gotta be a new inside joke to wall post land speed record ! 
I've got a no homework weekend ! Time to get " busy ! " 
came back from the base commisary with a bag full of Pop-Tarts and Propel ! Good for the next two weeks ! 
I'm Back Baby ! 
My new room isn't so bad after all . I get four bars of internet connection sitting at my desk !!! 
I'm gone . Look at my photos of BMT and I'll see you later ! 
So much to do , so little time ! 
I need to go back to BMT soon , so here's the deal . I have another town pass tomorrow , so I might be able to use the computer again then . I have no town pass on Easter , so tough noogies . I then go to technical training at Keesler AFB , Mississippi , on Monday , then I don't know how long it'll be before I can even get on the internet . I hope to see you all soon , or at least talk to you , anyway . 
And if you look to your right , you will see Elvis leaving the building ! I'll be back ! 
Quick ! Somebody tell me everything I missed ( besides all of you guys ! ) ! 
Okay , I just joined skype , and I don't know anything about it , but if you want to find me sometime , I'm PeterHaywardJohnson . Beeeeeehdtiiiiiiiiiime ... 
12 hour duty days , hua ! 
Actually , I have to be on duty about an hour extra now because of band practice before special olympics , so there's that too ! 
Okay , I don't know for sure yet , but I'm probably gonna get a phone and my own plan this weekend . 
That'll raise somebody's roof , right ? 
starts class on Monday ! AFI was starting to get real old , too ... 
Earlier today , I was asked how long I had been in tech school , and I'd forgotten ! 
A . I've been here 7 weeks . 
B . Time freakin ' flies down here ! 
So , how many canteens did you drink today ? 
saw the doppler , and we'll be having a lot more rain for a while ! Time for plan B , instead of going to the beach , I'm gonna try runnin ' in the rain ! 
My classroom instructor got selected for deployment , so now he's going to Afghanistan in October . Anybody can go ... 
I'm back on town pass , so catch me if you can ! I have about half an hour or so . 
is in the Advance Transition Period ! I can go off base now if I'm back for curfew . I'm gonna be goin ' to the beach before the end of the week ! 
If you can compare anything about operating a radio to making love to a woman , you must have a diverse portfolio of life experiences . 
So anyway , to those of you who want to know when I'm coming home on leave , I have bad news . I can't get in an airplane or be outside of my dorm room after 2200 Sun-Thur until I graduate tech school . Aaaaaand tech school will be 9-12 months ... sooo sad face :( . 
I just woke up , and I thought I'd lost the ability to sleep in past 7 ! 
Like my status & I'll tell you : 
1 . Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds 
2 . The color you remind me of 
3 . My first memory of you 
4 . The animal you remind me of 
5 . Ask something I've always wondered about you 
6 . My favorite thing about you 
7 . Give you a weird nickname 
8 . What's on my shirt right now 
9 . Challenge you to post this as your status 
I never thought it would happen to me of all people , but I need to remotivate myself . 
Find me lator !!! 
is loving life here at Keesler AFB in Biloxi Mississippi ! 
What I learned in school today : 737,363 (base 10) = B4053(base 16) = 10110100000001010011(base 2 ) Can't wait for my first test tomorrow ! 
Bad news , everyone ... I failed the Block 8 test today , so I'm washed back 2 weeks . But it could've been way worse ! I thought I was goin ' back 4 months at first ! I'll probably be goin ' straight to Offutt when I graduate now in early December , then takin ' leave for Christmas ... further bulletins as warranted . 
I ran until I threw up today , so I can't wait to see how much faster I'll be in a week ! 
When you take your time looking through the base commissary , all sorts of cool things come out of the woodwork . Like the oh-so-cheap gallons of Grape Drink in the dairy section ! Ahhhh the drink ! 
needs to get a move on , but can't breathe with all the moisture ! 
is thinking about getting texting ... 
Okay , I am officially on Facebook with my new HTC evo ! 
In one week , we get to roll our sleeves down . I can't wait !!! 
I can't remember ever saying this before , but this Saturday is gonna SUCK ! 
Formal retreat was good today . The group commander came to see , too ! 
Me no habla espanol ! 
Man , when I was living with two women , I really wanted there to be another man in the house . Now , having lived with fifty men for this long , guess what I want ? For the love a Pete , there aren't even any girls in my DORM ! 
Apparently , I'm getting dragged to an unspecified club tonight . 
Ya know , we all have a lot of inner strength , but with some people it can take a lot to drag it out . 
I think I learned this in BMT , but it just occurred to me now . 
I loooooove ultimate frisbee !!! 
It's a Christmas miracle !!! I have my orders , and I'm leaving Keesler in 16 hours ! I'm comin ' home , just you guys wait ! 
Man , every time I pass through Georgia , it's an adventure ! 
Okay , I have a lot to learn and even more to do , but I like learning , so that's okay ! 
Man , I forgot what it's like to have free time ! It feels so , different now ... 
Special Olympics was great !!! I played volleyball on the best team ever against the second best team ever , played a lot of music , and then went to the most energetic and enthusiastic dance ever ! 
loves waterproof combat boots ! 
I just got switched to tuba , and so far it's working out pretty good ! 
But I'm gonna have to develop a callous on my shoulder or something , that thing is heavy ! 
I know I've already mentioned this , but nothing makes my day like making somebody's day ! 
I don't feel like I have a big impact on the world , but if I make at least one person's day , that day was better for my existence . 
Apparently , it's two Revellie two Retreat week here at Keesler AFB ! 
Everything really seems to be falling into place lately . For some reason , I finally feel like I can take care of myself somehow . 
Aaaaaand now I'm leavin ' for Offutt . 10 days of leave wasn't enough . 
is feeling homesick ... just a little . 
Oh my God , Offutt is AMAZING ! And my neighbor plays blues guitar . 
I really should go to bed , but I'm just so gosh-darned excited ! 
I don't even know WHY I'm excited , but I am !!! 
" You know , Peter , if you didn't wear glasses , had no acne , and wasn't so darn nice all the time , you would be a real hit with the ladies . " 
-Anonymous person who's opinion I respect more than anyone else's 
I've got a good feeling about today . I'm about to learn how to make a major purchase so I can buy a car with confidence . Hopefully followed by some CDCs . 
Got my diploma , HUA ! 
18 college credits in 41 days ! 
I only have to wait 27 days to start SETS , when I thought I would wait for 3 months ! 
My room got rekeyed , which I had been waiting on for 9 weeks ! 
I've got a pretty fair share of things to be happy about right now ! 
Plane Ticket : $172 . 
Chargeable Days of Leave : 10 . 
Spending Christmas with the Family : Priceless . 
I should go to bed , but if I do , I'll never wake up in time ... 
If you dig a hole and throw the dirt away , then dig another hole and fill the first hole with the dirt from this hole , did you move the dirt , or did you move the hole ? 
Okay , if anybody is still clicking links from , " OMG check this out , " you should stop . It's obviously a trap . I mean , I just saw 3 people in the space of an hour send random people the exact same bad grammar and spelling message . 
PACKAGE !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
And on top of that , you can tell it's actually fall by going outside ! 
Attention in the live feed , attention in the internet . Attention in the live feed , attention in the internet . 
I'm making another inside joke . 
I definitely don't need no 341s tossin ' my salad ! 
Yeah ... you kinda had to be there to get the joke . 
Great week ! We got honor class back , I went to Pensacola , and I played in a Magic tournament ( first one since basic) ! 
I think the best end to the day possible is the National Anthem as I'm running home from PT . I think I'm going to try doing it at least one day a week for the rest of my career . 
Hmmph ... because some people on my floor decided they didn't need any integrity , we're gonna get white-glove room inspections later and we have to clean the floor twice a day . 
The floor MTL found beer and burglary tools ( Keesler Keys ) in the freakin ' ceiling . 
You know you've read too much zombie literature when you yell " Zombies ! " in your sleep . 
Attention in the facility , attention in the facility . 
If you have soggy Whitcomb's keys , return them . Thank you . 
Uhhhhh ... 
Well , that is definitely my favorite way to bring in the new year ! 
Noooooo I'm hungry enough to get up just as the chow hall closes ! 
Eh , I have Pop Tarts . 
AND I have a package from my Michigan relatives ! 
Class dinner today ! We graduate on Tuesday and then we have to change buildings and classmates . It's been great while it lasted guys ! 
Disappointment seems to die hard . Luckily , all adversity can be eventually overcome . 
... All this time with less to do has got me all homesick for a while . But hey ! I start class again TOMORROW , which has the dual benefits of keeping me busy and getting me one step closer to taking leave ! 
Sudden revelation , it would've been great if I tried living away from family in short lengths for a while before just going off for a year like this . 
Back after an extended internet hiatus . 
I got Age of Empires III 2 weeks ago , and it may be too good ! I stopped workin ' out , I didn't turn my phone on , I disappeared into my room on the weekends , and now I've got some catchin ' up to do , dangit ! 
Wow . That's the kind of conversation that , even after four and a half hours later , you wish would never end . 
It just occured to me I should make a BX run , then it occured to me that if the BX were open , a pig would've flown through the window . 
Finally finished with in-processing . Now , I think I'm ' bout to start on some CDCs ! 
Holy crap ! I've been up for 36 hours now , but somebody just played reveille and now I wanna go to the gym or run 5 miles instead ! 
Yeah , back from a light internet hiatus . But this time , I at least made time to go the gym and the pool ! 
Goin ' to the brand new Airman's Club over the back bay . 
Free food to include the Air Force birthday cake . 63 years of Flying , Fighting , and Winning ! 
I'm in some kind of limbo where I'm really excited to be leaving Keesler , but it still seems unclear exactly when that will be . But hey , even though it's limbo , it's somehow exhilirating ! 
Holy crap this week is AWESOME ! Class is even better at Jones hall than Dolan hall , I have a roommate , and no homework over the weekend ! 
Goodbye third floor ! It was a great 6 months , too bad it couldn't have been 8 . 
I DON'T WANNA GOOOOOOOOOOOO ! 
I love my life . 
It's my first first day of work ! I can hardly wait ! 
Wow , 4G is pretty dang cool . 
Had my sleeves rolled down for the past 3 hours , and it feels oh-so-good ! 
There is lightning within five , nautical , miles . I say again . There is lightning within five , nautical , miles . 
Well , I would sure hate to be five nautical miles that way right now ! 
Attention intercom listeners . Anarchy is NOW ! * CRASH * * SMASH * * BASH * * fizzle * * pop * * EXPLOOOOOOOOOSION ! * 
Who has two thumbs and needs a depth perception waiver ? This guy ! 
If anybody back home wants me to make it to Christmas , New Years , and/or my birthday , they better start prayin ' . I know I have . 
Air conditioning , HUA ! We actually have a trickle of cold air coming out of our vent , making this the best day ever ! 
In New Orleans with Rachel Johnson and Mom ! 
I guess it really is true that , no matter how cool the base , there's always a culture of airman who complain about how much it sucks . 
If you were to graph this past week , it would be a sine wave with a very large peak-to-peak and high frequency . 
I've been on so many positional highs and lows all week . 
I still don't know what room I'm moving into . I should probably take care of that tomorrow ... 
Dang CCT ! 
Don't tell them I said that . Heh heh ! 
Greaaaaaat weekend . 
Extremely uneventful , but great . 
Alright , Packers . The Chiefs have already let me down this year , so you guys are all I've got . Make me proud out there . 
Today , I opened my wallet for the first day in one month . 
Either that's a great thing , or horribly sad . 
It's a beautiful day to check out the Omaha Zoo ! 
Congratulations , Airman Johnson . You've earned this ( badge ) as much as the rest of us . 
I love you too , component cable ! 
So , I have a lot saved up from my austere lifestyle , and now I find myself at a crossroads . 
Question : Should I buy a car when I go on leave soon ? 
Dang Unit Compliance Inspection ! It hasn't even gotten here yet , and I already hate it . 
Dang ! I gave myself half an hour to get in uniform for GI Party , and it took me 8 minutes . And I was trying to take my time , too ! 
Every week since I joined the Air Force has been at the very least a minor adventure , and at the very most a constant stream of triumph/turmoil . I got ALMOST exactly what I wanted , without it being at all what I expected . 
In 50 hours , 31 minutes , and 26 seconds , I'll be seeing my family for the first time in 6 months . It's gonna be the best Thanksgiving ever ! 
Nothin ' like a trip to the gym to bring you back to reality ! 
99.1 out of 100 on my PT test . Now , I am faced with the burden of squadron-wide RMTD . Hopefully , it at least causes some people to think before they drink underage during the next few weeks . 
And just like that , I'm moved from Connor Manor in the 332nd , to Foster Manor in the 338th . Only time will tell what's in store for me next . 
Can't ... hold ... on ... much ... looooongerrrrrrrr ! 
Actually , I think I can make it another 2-4 days . It's just gonna be really tight trying to in-process , get my leave set up , and get ready for Christmas in the space of 4 days . 
Man , this week has been the most educational of ' em all ! I never realized it , but I make a comparable leader , and I make my family proud . 
Eh , still not so sure ' bout that first one . 
Unless I can get a hold of Flight Medical tomorrow , there's no way I'll be outta here this week ! 
Why isn't anything ever as it should be ? 
Unless something really cool happens , I'm gonna be spending the night in Atlanta . 
Hmm , I can't believe my outlook is so bleak right now . 
Okay , so I won't be on leave NEARLY as long as I thought . But I'm still going home tomorrow , and that's what counts . 
I'll be on leave until January 2nd . I'll let everybody know when I'll be in each area , but my time in Melbourne got cut out , and I'm not stopping in Kansas City but for lunch . 
After spendin ' so much time here , I thought I would be used to seein ' a batch of friends leave . Now that my class has graduated without me , it just doesn't seem quite the same . 
Good luck on your first assignments , guys ! None of you need it . 
Holy Crap ! They just ordered my 3D CDCs ! They'll be here in 1-4 weeks ! 
This is the best Christmas ever ! And we still haven't opened the gifts ! 
Just when I think it can't get any better ... 
Man , I am soooo close to leaving Keesler for Offutt ! At this point , I've done all I can , and I'm just waiting for everyone else to get their rears in gear . 
Man , I love getting visits from family . It's almost as good as going to visit them ! 
Just found out that the base plays Taps at 2200 . That's nice . I would've REALLY enjoyed it at Keesler . 
Everybody goin ' to New York for the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade , make sure you have the time of your life , and that you get enough sleep to remember everything ! 
Don't look at me in that tone of voice or I'll deafen your eyesight ! It smells a funny color . 
I was told that a hard part of going on leave is seeing people after a year or so and finding that while you've gone through a body and soul overhaul , everyone else is doing exactly what they were doing when we left . I am relieved to say that everyone I've seen is doing something new and exciting ! 
( And best of all , everyone is telling me how PROUD of me they are ! ) 
Wow , we all went out there thinkin ' , " Today is gonna suck . " But then , something snapped , and we all turned RMTD into something fun . 
Man , I can't believe I just said that . 
Back in Blue Springs , if only for a little while ! 
I think for about the 4th time , I've found a new niche . 
I have my flight physical appointment ! On next Tuesday . If I'm not out of here by next Friday , I think I'm gonna have a nervous breakdown . 
What ? No blues today ? But that's the highlight of my week ! 
Eh . Not when my birthday is on Friday . 
Just saw Dad for the first time in 14 months ! I got all tear eyed . 
Never again must I try to go that long without seeing family . Same goes for leaving my Magic Cards at home and working out . 
I haven't been to the gym since Wednesday ! 
When you end your day by preparing for tomorrow , it should ( and most likely will ) be a good day . 
Dang it , I thought I was finally done with wakin ' up late ! I guess if you aren't ready for it , life just loves to throw a curve ball your way . 
Is considering protein supplements . Extremely tentatively . 
Nothin ' like a fire drill at 0645 to clear out yer sinuses in the mornin'! 
First day of Squadron PT . I'll bet it's at least 9001% better than Keesler ! 
Is no longer a teenager ! 
I like the guy who did the plumbing for this building's style . The optimum angle for standing up to pee in the toilets is always exactly 30 degrees to the right from where you're standing . 
Man , if I can't stop spillin ' stuff on my carpet , my dorm'll never stop smellin ' like Spot Shot . 
Made it to Michigan ! Just waitin ' with Grandma for Rachel and Dad at the airport . Come on , time . I don't ask for much , just speed up for me , just this once ! 
News flash . My phone charger finally crapped out on me . In about 18 hours , I'll be without phone or internet until I figure something out . 
Amazing power nap . I can't believe how comfortable my chair is . 
First day at work went really well . I just wish they'd give me some real work already . 
1 mile run to the gym at -3 degrees 
+PT with the squadron for forty minutes 
+1 mile run back 
+2 hot Pop Tarts 
+1 cool shower 
Equals my kinda morning ! 
Okay , I've been on the same profile picture for 4 months now . Somebody needs to recommend a profile picture to me , or at least take a picture of me so I have a better picture than this one . It's a good picture , it's just time for a change . 
Snow ! 
CHIPOTLE !!! 
Man , this is one weird week . 
I have the gift of speed . Quick feet , quick thinking , and if you put something in my hands , my fingers spark . I only wish it didn't make everyone else seem too slow to wait for . 
