did anyone tape pentatonic on tour ? Youtube please !! 
has returned in one piece .... FALSE 
is listening to Batman underwear ... :) 
has 31 hours . 
is beginning to get nervous 
is off to the guillotine . You can try texting me if you want to visit , otherwise call my mama ( 269-1601 ) . Wish me luck ! 
is home from St. Mary's! 
loooves thunderstorms 
| god damnit ... shouldn't have taken that o.O 
is stir crazy 
Bellarotica ! MY HOUSE TONIGHT ! Come when you're free :) u kno my number 
thinks nerve regeneration sucks . 
just fyi , i only want to be wanted by you . 
Thanks for the fun :) you know who you are 
good luck baby girl :) 
is restless , stir crazy , anxious ... someone kidnap me please . 
is bored ... help me out here 
is really trying to be patient . 
I WANT SOME FOOOOD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is in crisis mode 
is officially a loser . 
cant get sick ... or else .. or else what ? Exactly . 
needs a vacation .... or armageddon . 
| gasp ... am i finally free ? 
officially contracted the porcine illness . Sorry guys . 
applications , tuition and dorm rooms ... oh my 
hopefully will be back by tomorrow . Stupid hamthrax . 
Yes hypocrisy is a form of cowardice . So yes ... you are a coward . 
| howdy there neighbor 
is pathetic ... if you see me put me out of my misery 
Pet peeve #2 : Being too sick to sleep . 
loves weed .... s 
Pet peeve #4 : Hypocrisy . 
es al lado de la playa de laguna . 
is sick of boys ... how bout a man toy ? 
needs a new life vest 
has recently been told she is irrelevant ... nice . 
pet peeve #1 : When the person you want to talk to signs off . >:( 
Pet peeve #5 : Paying phony professionals . 
Pet peeve #6 : Insensitivity 
| because red is best . 
is really not all that much better , this is the marathon flu . 
i am available to tolerate you in your golden years . 
billy jean is not my lover 
thinks the three of you should drop out of college . 
Dayum Jude .... way to brighten my night ;) 
is watching The Princess Bride . 
pet peeve #3 : 8 MONTH LONG WINTERS >:( !!! 
thinks the big apple is delicious ;) 
is finishing the movie started saturday night ... alone ... and it happens to be the exorcist . 
Senior pictures up . Make sure you tell me which is your least favorite :P 
Dr Dre Headphones .... HELL YEA !!!!! 
Never again . Ugh . 
Withdrawal symptoms may include ... dizziness , anxiety , sweats , electric nerve endings and hallucinations .... Yup . 
That don't impress me much honey 
... shouldn't have knocked ... 
mmmmm Karamel Sutra 
is finally proud of her smile 
Hates this part right here 
' s brother is sleepwalking . He just asked me where the stairs were . 
Misses Stella 
I'm in motherflippin ' love .... 

with John Mayer 
Home . Lame . 
Saw Obama today :) 
Sinus infection ... ear infection ... pneumonia ... you name it , I've got it . 
Thank god for pharmaceuticals 
has strep . Being sick away from home is definitely my favorite experience thus far . 
Near to you ... 
Wishes she could just illegally download movies/music like the rest of humanity 
He bends his breath around my name ... 
will officially be continuing her unofficial music education . 
is happy 
Since when has the deletion of Paper Toss signified the end of a relationship ? 
" How can you believe in love in a city where people jerk off on you in the subway ?? " -- Sex and the City 
Spending new years at the vet with my cat . Yeah , I'm pathetic . 
ROAD TRIP !!!!!!! 
Is touched by the most incredible birthday present ever . 
Just met Ed Westwick and Jessica Szohr at lollapalooza !!!!!!! Too bad they were running away from me ... 
Back in Madtown . Missin home . 
Sick ... again . My immune system must be on vacation . 
SHE THINKS SHES :$/ @ ; $ JESUS !! 
is a gift wrapping master . 
is bored on a plane . No snakes . 
Hello 1999 . Thought I'd finally escaped you . 
Hates punctuated solitude . 
is Kim Possible 
Three sleepless nights and counting . Please , just kill me now . 
hopes they serve something other than beer in hell . Like coffee . 
God damnit I miss you already ... 
Misses Over the Rainbow 
Seems to take this road more often than not . 
I'll find you in the morning sun and when the night is new I'll be looking at the moon , but I'll be seeing you . 
Is the happiest she's been in awhile :) maybe the sun will stick around . 
Apparently my phone is on strike ... calls only no texting ! 
is in the mood to give everyone an uncensored piece of her mind . 
Hunter Parrish is gay . Female Weeds fans , sorry for your loss . 
Hell yeah BADGERS !!!!! 
Wishes she hated her family like normal 18 year old girls . 
Why is it that being hooked up to an IV invariably makes you feel worse ? 
Loves her new macbook more than oreos ... high praise 
Just had oatmeal for a midnight snack ... god I miss my mother shopping for me 
Despite her better judgement loves chillin with her mama :) 
KALEIDOSCOPE HEART IS OUT !!!!!!! 
Hates logic . And morals . And sweet potatoes . 
Is unpacked but not organized . Welcome to college . 
really misses her family . How sad . 
mad for Madtown 
is having trouble installing her router 
suggestions ? 
Chicago with my two favorite people :) 
my pillow just burst into flames because it was to close to my lamp . No biggie . 
Well , this is certainly a first . 
Is in Rochester for the weekend . 
Back in Rochester 
Sara Bareilles ... marry me ? 
Is reallllly sick 
Just googled her dad .... holy crap 
Listening to Vivaldi whilst doing homework makes me feel smarter . So does using the word " whilst . " 
Is definitely a total Momma's girl . 
I do wish we could chat longer , but ... I'm having an old friend for dinner . 
apparently , fellow facebook enthusiasts , we can now " like " " running down the stairs on xmas and then realizing you're a jew " .... oddly specific things people without lives think about 
is disappointed at best . 
Is missin her Bella girls ! Good luck this weekend :) 
I love Michael Muszynski ... <3 
" If it looks like a duck and quacks like a duck its probably a skank . " - Simon Zais 
Hookah alone is my pint of ice cream 
One of the most adventurous things left us is to go to sleep . For no one can lay a hand on our dreams . - E.V. Lucas 
Snow :) 
feels nearly lame enough to post what she's actually thinking in her facebook status .... but not quite 
Wondering was he really there ... was he standing in my room ? 
misses her Dad . And Mom . And that weird kid who makes me laugh at nothing . 
BEST GAME EVER !!!!!!!!!!!! EAT SHIT OSU !!!!!! 
Probs getting my gallbladder removed ... awesome . 
Shoes are clearly the best therapy . Insurance should cover my Manolos . 
is in a constant state of deja vu . Not as fun as it sounds children . 
Sang a few notes for the first time since losing her voice a week ago ... and subsequently decided she'd rather be blind than deaf . Love you Ingrid Michaelson . 
GO BADGERS !!!! Eat shit TCU . 
Netflix instant watch works on the iPhone 4 ... nice . 
Back in crotchester , it has not changed . 
Loves Boulder . 
I love my goddamn family . 
Already almost finished with christmas shopping ! 
