I've already got a family . 
The friends that make up this group are all nuts and I am proud to say they are going to stay that way for quite some time ... 
Man will the reunions be interesting or what ? 
" The Rocky Horror Picture Show " and " Silence of the Lambs " came in the mail today :D 
Thank you , Uncle Alan ! 
Today was the most fun I've had in a while ! Thank you Simon ! :D 
1 . Go sleep for three hours . 
2 . Get ready for the airport . 
3 . Be stuck between two obese men on the plane . 
4 . Freeze in Washington but be content . 
5 . Start singing random Christmas tunes in the Seatac airport while waiting for my grandfather . 
Love it when my mother doesn't get home until much later . It gives me plenty of time to practice singing :) 
Off to go do AP US History homework . Let's see how long it lasts before I start to clean the house instead ... 
I love little kids ! 
They are always willing to smile , wave , and say hello to random people on the street . 
They also have an unlimited imagination =) 
I'm pretty sure it's not a good thing to sleep for 14 hours straight ... but I still did ! 
Awesome dreams too . I remember large parts of it :) 
" Say you'll share with me one love , one lifetime . 
Let me lead you from your solitude . 
Say you need me here with you , beside you . 
Anywhere you go , let me go too . 
That's all I ask of you . " 
-Phantom of the Opera ( All I Ask of You ) 
I can't say I'm fond of writing notes but I do like to learn history :/ 
Can't wait for the play tonight . Time to get addicted to solitaire for an hour and a half until it starts .., 
Currently seeking refuge in my grandparent's basement . 
So many screaming little kids O.O 
Raeshelle gave you a nickname because I didn't mention your real name within a minute of the conversation . Best part is ... she wasn't even creative about it . 

So , now we both have something to tease each other about . 
Her horrible nickname skills and how nervous I can get around certain people . 
I can't recall a time that my face has ever been redder then right now ... 
I love my friends :) 
They are the intelligent individuals who still want to dress up like hookers , blow up watermelons , play glow in the dark badminton , and sparta kick me down a flight of stairs . 
Congratulations ! You are my adopted family ! 
Not looking forward to Monday ... class debate on whether the founding fathers were Democratic reformers . Public speaking is a no-no with me O.o 
I find it odd to look through old photos and videos ... especially when they are of friends covered in mud and charcoal ( attempting to be black ) . 
Or in a cheetah print toga running around in freezing water 
" Winter is on my head , but eternal spring is in my heart " 
-Victor Hugo 
I'm happy that I have a reason to smile . 
To those who have shown me kindness ; thank you . 
You have entered my heart and will never leave it . 
Hmmmm I have Vegas on my mind again . 
That place is amazing . 
Must return to the Venetian/Palazzo hotel and see Phantom . 
In a way ; I have confessed it . These truths are mine ... and I stand by my statements . Please , understand what I am saying ... 
Sometimes words just escape me ... beauty has arrived in every form today and I can't even begin to describe it . 
Armed with a laptop , half a bag of banana chips , and a wireless internet connection ; I wait for my mother to return home . At least I can reflect on what to do later on ... 
I am totally drained of all energy but I don't want to sleep . 
Maybe I'll curl up on the couch with some hot chocolate , a cupcake , and a blanket . Then watch " Married with Children " re-runs . Ah the joys of not having a life :) 
To wake up , in the middle of the night , from a comfortable slumber . 
Bad enough , right ? 
Nope . My dreams keep telling me what I already know to be true . They will not leave me alone on the topic of romance ! 
Oh Cupid , go stuff it . 
Go figure , the one day I don't offer to check the mail and progress reports FINALLY come in :P 
Life is truly a $5 hooker . 
Since there won't be snow in Auburn for Christmas ; I suggest we revert to some of our older traditions . That's right ... throwing plastic at each other , running around in the dark , and swordfighting with sticks . 
Just a thought :) 
I want to run through the night and not have a care in the world ! To escape under the stars and have my thoughts become clear again ... 
I love being so delusional that I can laugh for 20 minutes and not remember why I started . 
Lack of sleep can change a person . Thank goodness I just space out and find everything grand . 
Woke up 4 times last night because of the rain ... 
How is it that I can live in Washington for most of my life and suddenly be bothered by it down here ? It's not like rain is a foreign thing :/ 
5 minutes of fame in dance class because I can fake a faint . Shows how easily entertained some people are ... 
Chicken korma tonight ! Yes !!! No naan though :'( 
oh well , beggars can't be choosers ! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
This year is dedicated to friends . 
So , to my very good friends(you know who you are ): 
You mean the world to me ... please keep on being the wonderful , creative , and unique individuals you are . I adore you and wouldn't change a thing =) 
I hate how my mother expects me to drop everything I am doing ... and go do what she wants . 
Told her that I was going to hang with friends today but no ! We had to go eat Mexican food instead . 
Hours ... irreplaceable minutes ... thrown away on enchiladas ! 
First day back from the weekend and things are already getting interesting . 
I wonder what news tomorrow will bring ? 
Watching the Rocky Horror Picture Show while preparing for Christmas :) 
Is there anything wrong with this picture ? 
Wanting to get my ears pierced . What do you think ? 
Should I do it ? 
I promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment here . They must , in turn , post this , and send something they make to the first 5 people who comment on their status . The rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 . 
Going to do some FFR and head to bed . 
Nothing says " Good Night " like mashing buttons to rock music . 
See you all tomorrow and happy slumber ! 
Today has been the definition of AWESOME . 
Just one more thing and it has the potential of being perfect ! 
Anybody care to take a whack at what I'm thinking ? 
Not really excited for the next two weeks . 
Last chance to try and raise my grades . The public school district is so flawed . 
I know the information ! Why must there be twenty trillion papers to back it up ? 
I knew the words to express it ! 
Yet , for some reason , the words failed to present themselves . 
Why do my nerves work against me like this ? 
