Shabot Shalome Bitches !!! 
The day we have a Jewish black president , will be the i am happy ! 
" Do you like pina coladas ? and get caught in the rain ? if your not into yoga , if you have half a brain . if you like makin love at midnight , in the dunes of the cape ? you're the love that i looked for , come with me and escape ! " BEST SONG !!! 
I fuckin love Karaoke !!! 
when the fuck is a party ? i wanna get drunk and laid at the same time , and i aint talkin about no hawaiian flowers ! 
facebook is so fuckin boring ! is there anything else to do on the internet ? 
its time to kick today's ass ! kick life in the ass !!! 
FUCK YEAH !!!!!!!! 
gonna create a new video : " the Afro Matrix " , think about it , best parody trailer ever !!! 
Is this it ? have you thought theres something more to life than just school , work then die ? if thats the case , life truly sucks ! theres no point to it ! why cant we live it up , get rich , do a whole bunch of alcohal and drugs ! but thats not a real answer ! 
Is lady gaga a transvestite or a drag queen ? or both ? or a hermaphrodite ? maybe all of the above ? she doesnt deserve to be a lady if thats the case 
SNOW DAY !!! 
}) l ({ 
late snow day , hopefully we dont have school tomarrow ! 
made the best agreement ever ! i dont get a haircut until after my graduation and i get 10 bucks from each of my friends , which would be like $50 !!! 
New office episode on Hulu , funnier than shit ! 
I think they might close school tomarrow ! 
Did you know in america there are enough people in prison to fill up 3 football stadiums ? can you imagine that , 3 stadiums full of people raping each other ? i know i cant ! 
why is it always the black people that have to die ? like teddy pendergrass , barry white , marvin gaye , or that guy of funk james brown , or the king of pop michael jackson . he died white but remained black in our hearts , then again once you go black you dont go back , michael jackson kinda broke that rule ! 
where can i get free music downloads online cause i have spent at least $200.00 on itunes gift cards and i cant afford anymore of that shit ! 
It's Doppelgänger week ! Change your profile picture to someone famous you have been told you look like . After you update your profile with your evil twin photo , cut and paste this to your status ! 
Just saw Inglorious Bastards !!! BEST FUCKIN MOVIE EVER !!!!! man i wish fuckin hitler died that way , but instead he had to commit sucicide like a fuckin pussy !!!! only if bad ass Jews beat the living shit out of him !!! 
gonna try to get some skinny jeans this weekend , should i get them ? 
holy shit !!!!!! skype is bad ass !!!! 
if you sold your soul , how much you think it would be worth ? do you think it would be worth a lot ? 
i just got some skinny jeans yesterday , they are bad ass ! 
How come people always say that i look high or act high ? even teachers and stuff , i'm not even high half the time 
facebook is way better than myspace 
Single for valentines day ... once again 
susana martinez looks like a racoon 
Jewish passover is fun ! you get drunk on a whole bunch of wine with your jewish relatives , then say a whole bunch of hebrew prays that dont make sense ! 
Like this status & I'll tell you : 1 . Something I learned about you by looking at your wall for 10 seconds . 2 . The color you remind me of . 3 . My first memory of you . 4 . The animal you remind me of . 5 . Ask something I've always wondered about you . 6 . My favorite thing about you 7 . Give you a weird nickname 
im gonna change my name into Russian ! its gonna be Nikolai , that sounds bad ass right there 
why do relationships never last long now these days 
ok i need everyones personal opinion on this ! should i cut my hair ? and when i say cut it , i mean give it a good trim back to when it was a real jewfro . tell me quickly cause i need to know what i should do 
why the hell do people think every midget is wee-man ? thats just profiling 
i need more chick friends 
riding rollercoasters while its raining is so awesome ! 
no need to worry , there are plenty of other monkeys in the jungle 
ah man you have no idea what went up noise tonight and it wasnt drugs even though it was white lol 
Just got back home from florida , feels great to be santa fe 
I swear to god i think my mom smokes weed ! or at least use to , maybe she smoked weed while she was pregnant and thats why how i am today ! 
do you think it would be a cool job to be a porn star ? 
relationships always have to be difficult for me , someone always has to spread some kind of rumor . do i look like the kind of person that would cheat ? 
I have nothing to say . 
alcoholism is not a disease , its a way of life ! 
Life is so boring ! i wanna take acid 
gonna be bored over the summer , someone text me or something some time , i dont have much to do 
" Should I go back should I go back should I 
I feel alone and tired 
Should I go back should I go back should I 
I hope I won't forget you " 
Im kinda confused in the world right now ... 
shes all i need 
shes all i dreamed 
shes all i always wanted 
another night with her 
but im always wanting you 
HAPPY NEW YEARS !!! 
... and i'm faced with a tough decision 
I FUCKIN LOVE YOU !!! 
would i make a better pimp or a better ho ? 
i'm extremely sad . my pug died this evening . shes the closest thing i had since i was 10 . theres nothing to be said . :'( 
can't wait till school is over , its just so fucked up that they put the finals on the last 2 days ! 
what happens if you eat too many cough drops ? 
Moving to el dorado today , hopefully its a nice community 
im thinking about getting into modeling , not to brag or anything but i have some awesome hair from what i have been told and im pretty fit i have like a 4 pack almost a 6 pack but then again who doesnt 
HOLY SH*T !!! that is a lot of happy birthdays , i think i counted like 35 of them ! but anyways thnx so much for all the Happy Birthdays everyone , i appreciate it a lot ! also sorry if i never got a chance to wish you a happy birthday . btw i thinks its really awesome that i have the same birthday as gwen stefani haha 
hell yeah its raining !!! 
Slappin da BASS !!! 
.... i need help 
i devote my life to music . i have always really like music , something im good at and something that i like doing . hopefully it'll take me some where one day ... 
getting new music is the best 
why did like half the people wore blue for picture day , today ? ( including myself ) 
its always the little things that matter , they bulid up and hurt you more than one big thing ... 
i love the rain ! even though i got soaking wet and it took like 6 hours for my clothes to dry haha 
too bad theres only like one last season left of " the office " thats like the greatest show 
goin on a road trip up to colorado today , be back on sunday 
one day at school im gonna have someone draw some eyes on my eye lids so when i fall asleep during class no one will know 
some times life can be too much to hadle 
don't you hate it when you lose things radomly without knowing where they are ? i just lost like 5 guitar picks with having no clue where the hell they went ! my best explanation , they fell down a worm hole into another dimension of the universe 
YES ! i got my paycheck yesterday ! 
if you asked someone to rape you , is it still considered rape ? 
i totally just shaved ! 
haven't got in a bike crash in a while , well not a big one , and I foregot that it hurts and stings all over my body ! I think its time that I start driving 
gonna get a hair cut today , for of a trim . i'll post post some pix up 
i didn't get fireworks for 4th July , instead i have water balloons and idk why . by the way Happy 4th of July everyone ! 
who wants to see that movie Inception with me , that looks like an awesome movie but i don't want to go alone cause its not a movie you wanna see alone . i don't care who goes with me , as long as your not a pedophile 
im still thinking if i should accept my mom's friend request 
i aint lookin for love , loves lookin for me 
I feel so unoriginal when i see someone wearing the exact same shirt as me ... 
doin shots of pure lemon juice is fun ... 
what should i be for Halloween , a mushroom from super mario brothers where i dye my hair green and put little white on it spots or snoop dogg where i get cornrows and put black makeup on my skin 
listening to time to pretend by MGMT makes me wanna act like a kid again , have all of that fun like when i was 8 , and just not care about anything really 
so one day me and my bro Willy Bastien are walking through an enchanted forest , and we are chillin . then out of no where a big ass fucking dragon came out right in front of us . fireballs and shit were coming out of its mouth and fucking laser beams shooting out of its eyes . we yelled out for help hoping a knight will come save us but knights cant enter an enchanted forest , no they can't my friend 
do girls not like texting guys first or something 
Hugs are not gay ! 
summer is getting boring , someone or anyone text me or somethin I need somethin to do 
what's on your mind ? 
what ? why cant play we play " Inside of You " for the guitar concert ? i told you , its a spiritual song , not sexual 
haha thats the coolist bumper sticker : 
ass , gas , or grass 
nobody rides for free 
one day at work ... 
Yujie Ding : why do we have to wear these hearts on our name tags , its not a breast cancer thing . 
me : if it was a breast cancer thing , wouldn't there be a breast instead of a heart ? 
me and Mark Garrett : hahahahaha 
the joke was repeated for those who weren't listening 
everyone there : hahahahahaha 
good times ! 
pandora doesnt go back in the box , it only comes out 
I dont care if you say Jesus is trailer trash wearing some jeans and a whife beater ! im tellin you that Jesus wears a white robe and rides a unicorn while playing a golden harp like a bad ass he is !!! 
i have low self esteem 
HOLY F*CK !!!! I GOT A $20 TIP FROM THIS GUY AT THE OPERA !!!!!! 
im in a pretty confusing place right now 
OH MY GOD !!! i almost ate a moldy muffin !!! I can not get taste out of my mouth !!! 
im so happy with Penni Hontz !!! 
if i look how long a song is , it kinda ruins the enjoyment of the song 
i love looking up lyrics for a song , like when you try to sing a song , some times you'll think you know what they the lyrics are but instead you just start making stuff up , then you look them up , you are like " OHH thats what they are saying ! " 
should of entered the costume contest ... 
YES !!! 
im lookin for a drummer , my other band fell apart so im starting a new one . also possibly a bassist that can sing part time or a singer that can play the bass , or whatever , if theres anyone out there that can do any of these contact me 
i need someone to text ... 
im pretty open about my self , i can tell ya almost anything ! but theres some things i wont tell you , like the fact that one time i had a dream that me and Will farrell were strippers on a pirate ship ... 
i watched a german video today in class . it didnt really help me learn german but it was mostly about beer and like hitler and the holocaust ... 
going to florida today 
wow ! why would they sell fainting goats for such a cheap price ?! $75 for 3 of them ? haha that sounds like a good deal ! 
? ???? ????? ?????? ? ??????? 
god dammit !!! why did they lock all the boys bathrooms ?!?! 
my sun glasses broke today , gonna have to get some new ones 
Shit ! didnt do homework , again 
did you know it ancient greece they used goat livers as condoms ? 
haha my mom is so awesome ! like today when she picked me up , she said she had a suprise for me , then she gave me some free condoms !!! 
i try to laugh about it 
cover it up with lies 
hiding the tears in my eyes 
cause boys dont cry 
shit ! my sunglasses broke , it hasnt even been a week and they are broken 
it takes me like 4 hours to do the simplest homework .... 
i think i have A.D.D 
would you believe me if i told you i was half black ? 
im lost in the world 
im still debating if i should get a new facebook profile thing 
i feel cheated 
it seems like you want to say something to me but you can't find the words to 
alright , i just got on facebook . checked my usual stuff and notifications . then i saw a friend request under the name of " Nick De La O " . i feel kinda unoriginal when someone with the same name as me that idk even know trys to be friends with me 
today was a pretty productive day , me and Willy Bastien worked on about 5 maybe 6 song tried to write one song but everything is coming along nicely 
goats have wierd eyes , they are like cat eyes except they go sideways 
got myself some sort of cool cuban tropical hat 
" As for me , all I know is that I know nothing . " 
-socrates 
one of the life lessons i have learned is never try to pick up a chick at a grocery store 
looks like everyone is getting some action except for me 
. 99 cent movie rentals on itunes . should i see " Youth in Revolt " or " Hot Tub Time Machine " ? 
God bless America ? how about God bless the world and not be so arrogant 
i feel like shit today 
gonna get a hair cut in the spring 
... haha oh yeah its cool , i'll just be known as the guy that lost 
could it be possible to clash two completely different gernes together and still make good music .... 
.... i think so 
why do i have so many friends ? i get like 10 friend requests a day and i dont even know half of them 
i hate the fact that im single but i just cant stand relationships 
... so what if i am obsessed with MGMT 
I devote my life to entertainment 
Is flirting cheating ? 
snow day , no school , gonna sleep in another 3 hours .... possibly 6 
“If everything was given to us , who are we not learn , let alone be human” 
-Nick De La O 
Dont you hate it when someone calls your name and you cant figure out who it is 
remembering a Dane Cook joke just makes my day 
true love will come from the person you least expect it from 
" music , lyrics , magic , it's a beautiful thing people " 
-Mark Hoppus 
i need a new profile picture 
i suck at flirting with girls 
i just made the coolist paper mask ! 
Gonna get a hair cut today ... 
...... 
what am i gonna do with my life ? 
today wasnt bad actually , talked about porn haha 
sorry if i accidentally remove you as a friend , im trying to get rid of like half of the people i dont know ... 
i wanna see cage the elephant concert this april .... 
just got a ton of awesome new music 
Go to your profile the first 5 friends on your sidebar are your team for the impending zombie apocalypse . 
Zoë Castro Lucas Romero Blaze Pino Samantha Buzzalini Maren Woods 
This is a pretty awesome bad ass team although i think we should also have Patrick Bowker just cause theres no samantha without patrick 
I dont like down town , theres too many homeless people 
my wrist hurts from playing guitar too much .... 
good relationships are based on good friendships 
so pumped for St. patricks day tomarrow 
i keep having some really weird dreams 
it sucks that they are closing borders downtown 
theres too many Nicks in the world 
when i was younger , i didnt like brushing my teeth . now i brush my teeth all the time , before i go to sleep , in the morning , after a meal , when im happy , when im angery , when im sad ... 
" forget the rules and play by your heart " -Dove chocolate 
