Season 5 of Dexter was awesome . It got ahead of Season 2 to take the spot of my 2nd favorite season . Season 4 was still better though . I think that Season 4 is pretty much impossible to top . 
Just bought the first 3 seasons of Mad Men on DVD . 
Watching Dexter : Season 2 .... Again . 
I love this particular season of Dexter , because I love the interactions between Dexter and Doakes . 
Season 4 is better , though . 
isn't looking forward to school next Tuesday . 
Happy Halloween to all . I'm about to begin a horror movie marathon that'll stretch all the way from 1931's " Frankenstein " to 2009's " The Crazies " . Should be enjoyable . 
Just got Black Ops . If anyone wants to play , I got PS3 and my name on there is " LowArtGloominati " . Thanks to those who wished me a happy birthday and thanks to anymore who wish me it in the coming hours of today . 
If anyone who I just added is confused , yes this is my second Facebook account . For some reason Facebook wasn't letting my log in to my other account . 
Just spent like 20 minutes sending friend requests . Facebook can die . 
i r teh smurtest preson evar evry1 elz r dum heds 
Just got a Wii and Metroid : Other M . Going to get another game tomorrow . So far , I think the system is spectacular . 
Everyone in my family is sick except me . My body must rule at fending off disease . 
is going to practice guitar , then read , and then watch a couple of horror movies as my celebration for Halloween . 
Watching The Walking Dead for the first time . Going to sleep afterwards . Tomorrow I'm going to get Silent Hill : Shattered Memories and a gigantic meal at Taco Bell with Mike . We're also going to go view True Grit in the theater , which will most likely be a great film . ( How can you go wrong with the Coen Bros . writing and directing a western ? ) 
JUST BEAT MIKE AT FREEZE OUT . I RULE . 
Can someone please tell me how changing your profile picture to a cartoon character is going to help stop child abuse ? 
Going to have a movie marathon . 
Has come to the conclusion that Chasing Amy is Kevin Smith's best film . It was tough deciding between Chasing Amy , Clerks , and Dogma , as I consider all of them masterpieces , but there's something about Chasing Amy that truly clicks with me . 
Working on my Top 20 Favorite Games of All Time . Going to post the written version here on FaceBook and possibly post a YouTube video on it . Probably won't be finished until sometime tomorrow , though . I'm trying my best to carefully construct it . 
Off to bed early . I'm extremely tired . Good night to all . 
Well since age twelve , I've felt like I'm someone else 
Cause I hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt 
Watched the first disc of Mad Men Season 1 and the show definitely left a great first impression . Its really well written and the actor who plays Don Draper does an excellent job in that role . Going to watch another disc or two tonight and probably tomorrow as well . 
Minecraft is more addictive than heroin . 
Typing this on my new computer . 500 gigs of hard drive space . 4 gigs of RAM . Not half bad . 
is going to submit a short story , poem , AND essay for the holocaust competition , and get 300 dollars in prize money for 3 first place entries ! Just you guys watch ! 
I'm selling the following games for PS3 for 10 dollars a piece . I guarantee that is cheaper than retail price . Offer runs out when I acquire enough wealth to buy Minecraft ( 20 dollars ) . That means only two of these five fine titles are to be sold before the offer is CLOSED . Buy buy buy ! 
Uncharted 2 : Among Thieves 
Assassin's Creed II 
Heavy Rain 
The Orange Box 
Dragon Age : Origins 
About to partake in some much needed catching up with Mad Men . 
Picked up some great books last night . Titles are : Sex , Drugs , & Cocoa Puffs , The 4% Universe , The Tell-Tale Brain , The Catcher in the Rye , and the book that inspired the movie , Let The Right One In . 
would like my facebook friends to comment on this status , sharing how you met me , BUT YOU MUST LIE , thats right , make it up , as random as you want . After you comment , copy this to your status , so I can do the same . 
Night night everyone . Don't let the beddy bed bugs bite . 
Just woke up from over ten hours of sleep . I'm REALLY looking forward to 7 more nights of that . 
I harness The power of the chakra 
with remote viewing in the darkness describin what I see in the process 
stone statues surrounded by neolithic objects 
ceoglyphs on the pompa 
a dose of the palamine , make it feel like a dream 
the dreamstate is the playground for the supreme 
critics attempt to follow a trend 
today they call me a charlatan but tomorrow I will be a God of men 
has discovered that he likes A Perfect Circle significantly more than TOOL . 
Reeses Puffs = greatest cereal of all time . 
has discovered that he shares many symptoms commonly associated with ADHD . Forgetfulness , procrastination , jumping schizophrenically from activity to activity , oftentimes daydreaming when someone is speaking directly to me instead of listening to what they're saying , frequently losing things , failing to follow directions , and making careless mistakes . Yep , sounds a lot like me . 
I got a piece of mail addressed to Zachary " Lashles " . Wtf ? 
Your faith was strong but you needed proof 
You saw her bathing on the roof 
Her beauty and the moonlight overthrew you 
She tied you to a kitchen chair 
She broke your throne , and she cut your hair 
And from your lips she drew the Hallelujah 
there is a word that's like you , 
because it can be a noun , a verb , an exclamation 
or the thing that I say 
when something is unbelievable 
when i am not able to believe , how unbelievably , unbelievable 
that you believe that you could not be leavable 
that's when I have to say 
WOW 
A question that sometimes drives me hazy : Am I or are the others crazy ? - Albert Einstein 
Common Sense rating for 2001 : A Space Odyssey is 12+ ? I really don't think many 12 year olds could understand that movie all that well . 
Mayonnaise is a type of emotion . 
I find it baffling that I feel so tired and void of energy during school , yet when I'm at home at 7:30 at night later that day , I feel alert and I want to be productive . Even when I sleep 12 hours before hand , I feel like a sloth at school . 
I guess I'm just a natural night owl . 
Tennessee is retarded . 
Went to school and did my best to not do anything at all . Succeeded for the most part . I'm particularly skilled at being utterly unproductive . 
Came home , watched 7 episodes of the 4th season of Dexter with my Mom . Great times . 
About to start season 2 of Mad Men . Gonna watch at least two episodes . 
Overall , I'd call it a good day . To everyone : Good night , and good luck . 
Dear School : Please end and start summer vacation . I no longer care . Just , please , end . 
I'm going to enjoy staying up this late and later every night this summer . 
Summer break has commenced . I can't even begin to describe the joy surging through my " soul " at the moment . 
In Auburn with Michael Lashley for a couple weeks . 
I THREW IT ON THE GROUND 
Just bought Resident Evil 1 : Director's Cut , Resident Evil 2 , Resident Evil 3 , Silent Hill 1 , Final Fantasy VII , and Final Fantasy IX on PlayStation Network ! 
Watching a Resident Evil 2 Let's Play with Michael Lashley . P.S. Necroscope 86 FTW . 
Literally just woke up about twenty minutes ago . 
No dedicated servers in MW3 = Me not playing it . Ever . Bring forth the Battlefield 3 ! 
I've been up for about eleven hours , and I plan on staying up for another 19 or so . Should be fun . 
Sony had the best press conference . The new Nintendo system looks intriguing , but it doesn't really strike enough of an interest for me to start making purchase plans . Plus the name is retarded . 
Listening to music on Michael Lashley's Turtle Beach X11 headset . I've gotta buy me one of these things . 
Coming home today , although I still got a couple of hours to wait before I leave . Already packed . I think I'll just surf the web and listen to music . 
can't seem to shut down his mind to get some sleep . 
Wants to play COD4 so bad , but can't because of the hacked lobbies . Infinity Ward , please patch your game . 
It feels like it's been June for a lot longer than 26 days . 
My letter is Q . 
Something I like : Questions 
Something I don't like : Quake 3 : Arena 
Somebody : Quentin Tarantino 
Something I hate : The letter Q . 
Like and I will give you a letter . 
Whenever I look at a really well done drawing by a talented artist , I can't help but wish I could do that . I think I may try to teach myself how to draw . It's going to be a long road before I can put out any piece with any semblance of quality , though . Drawing stick figures is about the limit of my talents at this time , and I can't even do that very well . 
If anyone wants a free copy of Bioshock for the Xbox 360 , holler at me . 
To kill a man in a paroxysm of passion is understandable , but to have him killed by someone else after calm and serious meditation and on the pretext of duty honourably discharged is incomprehensible . - Marquis de Sade 
I love how Leonard Cohen's lyrics are awesome , yet his album titles include " Recent Songs " , " Songs of Leonard Cohen " , " Ten New Songs " , and " Songs From A Room " . 
I got the artist : Muse 
Song I like : Stockholm Syndrome 
Song I hate : I can't think of any . 
Song I love : Uprising 
Like to see which artist you get . 
" It's really powerful , especially against living things ! " " What about you , Barry ? " " I have THIS ! " You gotta love that RE1 dialogue . 
I got wiring loose inside my head , I got books that I never , ever read . I got secrets in my garden shed , I got a scar where all my urges bled . I got people underneath my bed , I got a place where all my dreams are dead . Swim with me into your Blackest Eyes . 
Finally finished with Summer Reading work . ( Kind of procrastinated , but hey , that's how I roll ) 
Stanley Kubrick box set finally came . Spartacus , Lolita , Dr. Strangelove , 2001 : A Space Odyssey , A Clockwork Orange , Barry Lyndon , The Shining , Full Metal Jacket , and Eyes Wide Shut . All on blu-ray . I am in quite a jovial state . 
Just figured out that Jeremy Davies played Charles Manson in the movie Helter Skelter 2004 . I must see this film . 
is up and ready for school . Have a few hours to kill , though . 
Netflix is , by far , the greatest website/movie service ever concocted . 
The Devil and God are Raging Inside Me by Brand New is a great album . 
Why is Eyes Wide Shut generally considered to be bad ? I just watched it and I thought it was great . 
Like a bat out of hell , I'll be gone when the morning comes ! 
is extremely sick . I've been lying in bed with the flu for the past 30 hours . 
Grinding for pro perks in COD : Black Ops = not fun . 
She was the color of T.V. 
Her mouth curled under like a metal snake 
Although Holy Wood was sad 
They'd remember this as Valentine's day 

Flies are waiting 
In the Shadow of the Valley of Death 
