" Rather , she [ Death ] simply is the Ultimate Hostess who tells you when your table's ready . It's up to other powers what section you're seated in ( smoking or non-smoking ) . " - John C . Straffin 
I've got a brand new attitude and I'm gonna wear it tonight ! I wanna get in trouble , I wanna start a fight ! 
feels very disconnected from her life and friends back home !! 
We're gonna need more holy water ! 
I know you gentlemen have been through a lot , but when you find the time , I'd rather not spend the rest of this winter TIED TO THIS F*CKING COUCH ! 
I have CDO . It's like OCD , except the letters are in alphabetical order as they should be ! 
I <3 sisses :) always there for you when you need them !!! 
It is time to make the list . Not just any list . THE list . The LIST ! THE LIST !!! 
Yep , just about perfect night . Hanging out with my best sis , talking with another best buddy , eating chocolate cherry ice cream .... yeah ! <3 
Wow . Today was the greatest day EVAR ! I had a book at work . I got to talk to awesome peoples there ; namely , Martini , Andy , Elita , Ryan , Marlee , and Mitzi . If that wasn't good enough , I got to go to youth group ! And Cody is amazing . End it all with going for a walk , and I've got it made ! 
Trust . Freely broken , rarely built up . When broken , its jagged edges cause a thick barrier to be formed around it , much like a pearl . But unlike a pearl , the beauty is on the inside rather than the outside , enclosed by the strong , unmoving chains of anger , pain . This , then , is the product of human nature . There is no question of whether this will begin to happen ; the question , instead , is , will you not try to end it ? 
My Soul to Take was pretty darn good ! I'd watch it again , that's for sure . 
Epic :D 
wow .... 
I hate not being able to sleep ! O.o 
All right , I know , I said the Resident Evil movies were gonna be dumb . But , I just watched them all , and not gonna lie , they are not too bad ! 
I'm officially broke but I believe it was money well spent ! 
That Hansel's so hot right now ! 
Funny how you lose track of time when you're happy and enjoying yourself ! 
According to my algebra prof , a function does it to x and an inverse function undoes it . So , by my dirty-minded calculations ... inverse functions = get your virginity back ? 
Waiting these tables , all day long , waiting these tables while I sing a son- Wait , that's not right . They go up and up until they get to her house . And once they- oh that's right ! Ttfn Phoenix ! 
hummmmmm not tired , not alert . just kinda floatin ' along . weird . 
" I could choose to be purely good , but I will not . I could choose to be purely evil , but I will not . I will be neutral . In that way I am free to be what suits me best , and no man can predict my actions . " -Lycorne 
A happy mom makes a happy home . Too bad they don't try and remember that and be happy .... 
If snowmen came to life , that would be creepy , if Santa Claus snuck in my house , that would be CREEPY ! And it's really weird , looks like a fake beard , something doesn't seem right to me ... 
Would you mind if I hurt you/Understand that I need to/Wish that I had other choices/Than to hurt the one I love -Within Temptation 
1st person to like my status -I'll change my last name to yours for a week . 2nd person to like my status -I'll write I love you on your wall for 3 days . 3rd person to like my status -I will answer any question . ( inbox Only ) 4th person to like my status -Can choose my profile pic . Put this as your status if you're brave ... 
BROTHER'S 
WEEK ... If you have a brother who has made you laugh .. Pulled your 
hair .. Stuckup for you .. Drove you crazy .. Hugged you .. Watched you 
succeed .. Saw you fall .. Picked you back up .. Cheered you on .. Made you 
strong .. Can't do without .. Copy and paste this to your status ! Royce Hoffner this is for you ! Best adopted bro ever :) <3 
I know I sound like a broken record but I <3 swings !! 
Two words : Shopping ... ugh . 
wonders ... how she deserves you ??? 
who knows me best ? My full name , eye color , age , best friend , an nickname , favorite color , favorite ice cream flavor and favorite singer or song . Copy to your status and see who knows you best 
I kissed a girl and I liked it , the taste of her cherry chapstick ... 
New weaponry : FDAB 
Black spot bruise is fascinating to scientists . So fascinating , in fact , that I've spent the last two weeks straight grading temperature's effect on it . I am so . Bored . 
is happy that in spite of the snow , it's warm enough to go out while it's snowing in just a tank top . <3 the weather here every now and then ! 
Graduation is tomorrow . And I still have to write my speech . At least I know what I'm doing . YAHOO !!!! WIth any luck there will a party with at least cool music ! Just need someone over 21 to bring the alcohol ! 
Tim Pouland , this one is for you ! IT'S NOT A CRIME TO KILL THE TRENDY , EVERYBODY KNOWS THEY'RE FULL OF $# ! + 
Fast truck+friend+disturbed . Angry music and moods are so awesome ! 
You know , I'd change my profile picture back to me but the honest truth is , it is me ... 
has discovered the art of shredding T shirts and making them look all ghetto and cool ! 
" If it's our time to die , it's our time . All I ask is that IF we have to give these bastards our lives , we give them hell before we do ! " 
Azteca del oro has the best food !!! 
Secretariat was pretty darn good !!! 
All your friends will hate your guts/If you don't stand still/Your family will disown your butt/And probably have you killed/And if you have a girlfriend/Which we all know you don't/But if you do she'd leave you/And then you definitely won't!/ ... have a girlfriend ... 
Julian Smith , Red Eye Flashes Twice 
" What's with all the blood ? " 
" You materialized where Meredith was standing . " 
" Oh my God I just killed your wife ?? " 
" It's okay , Bino , I have more . " 
I <3 my favorite coworkers !!!!!!! They make work , and thus life in general , so worth it and better ! 
Sigh . 
So tired . 
Woot , waking up at 12:30 and listening to bad music is SO fun ! 
Ah , then the tailors will rule the land and n o-o ne will make the clothes ! So much for French fashion and French politics ! 
-The Scarlet Pimpernel 
Yes , I'm psychopathic , so since I have a knife , you should stay out of my way . No , I'm not sarcastic at all . How could you say marshmallows are random ? Now please , get over me being who I am , or I'll cut out your cheeks and eat them ! 
How else can I afford a solid gold Humvee ??? And diamond-studded swimmin ' pools , these things don't grow on trees ! So all I ask is everybody please , don't download this song ! 
In spite of how awesome Equilibrium is , I'm tired already . Sad day . 
Sherbet for lunch and watching the best movie in the world , Enchanted . Perfect sister day ! 
loves looking like a mainliner after getting blood drawn ! 
Now I know what my coworkers really think of me ! According to Henry and Spikey , I'm officially a one dollar hooker ! 
Valentine's Day is that day of the year where everyone gets the tinglies in their pants at the same time ... it's fun !! -Karen Alloy 
Wilbur , Wilbur , Wilbur/Show them , show them , Wilbur/Everybody come with me/Jamboree/Everybody jam with me/Jamboree/Everybody try to eat a trampoline/I just saw a tumbleweed/Jamboree 
Dear Sherwood Dungeon , I'm glad to be back . I've missed killing your inhabitants with cool swords . Now , I'm very sorry for hacking you before , but can I PLEASE have my legit health potions back ??? Thanks , Zena . 

Ahh , I love swords ! 
Mmhmm . Plans don't work very well . 
This calls for a peanut butter and pickle sandwich ! 
Bummer ... 
Ah , bed , it seems as though it's been forever since I've seen you ! But now you are here ! Ok , now stay riiight ... there ..... * zzzzzzzzz 
:) :) :) 
That's who I am , forgiven and set free ... it doesn't matter what the world may think of me . I've got nothing to hide . I know my identity . Without a doubt , I know His blood has covered me . 
12 Very intuitive and intelligent . Creative . Disappointed about your ruined hot cocoa . Apparently very amazing as you are much trusted by Bowling Buddy . 
* If I had a world of my own , everything would be nonsense . Nothing would be what it is , because everything would be what it isn't . * I invite you to a world where there is no such thing as time , where every creature lends themself to change your state of mind ... 
Is loving having Faith and Sharilyn here !!! Got a fun day of nothing planned ... anyone got any ideas ? 
I'm having the hardest argument ! I'm arguing the side that Hannibal Lecter has good morals and is a hero . Nobody's buying it . 
Skillet live at Elitch's on June 12 ! Who's with us ???? 
Fwiends .... they makes me all warm and fuzzies inside ! 
Sweet dreams are made of this/Who am I to disagree/Traveled the world and the seven seas/Everybody's looking for something ..... 
Somebody pleeeeeeeeeeease save me from a terrible death by boredom . O.o 
Martin's mother's burritos saved my life ! 
I am the voice in the wind and the pouring rain/I am the voice of your hunger and pain/I am the voice that always is calling you/I am the voice , I will remain 
Wow , another really great night :) :) 
Ten percent luck , twenty percent skill , fifteen percent concentrated power of will ... five percent pleasure , fifty percent pain and a hundred percent reason to remember the name ! 
Inside every package of pre-blessed food are two tickets to Heaven . Share with family and friends to make sure you go upstairs when you fall down stairs ! 
" Sometimes I have to stop my spiritual journey and get religiously f***ed up ! " 
You make my day . :) <3 
" Your friend ... is he retarded ? " 
" No , he ate a jellyfish . " 
" This commercial's gonna make me FAMOUS ! " 
Reliving my Childhood through Adventures in Odyssey !!! I <3 it ! 
Why , oh , why didn't I take the BLUE pill ? 
Wow , weird , for some reason I thought about you tonight and it made my brain all discombobulated . Why do you do that to my head ??? 
Where would the world be without file sharing sites ? 
Fireproof is the best movie of all time ! I could watch it over and over again and never get tired of it ! 
If I go to bed now to get an hour or two of sleep does it still count as an all nighter since I'm going to bed when its light outside ? 
Plans . They never really seem to work just right , especially when you desperately want them to or they involve someone close to you . Why is that ? P'r'aps we shall know someday ! For now , ' tis just another thought to ponder ! I'll plan on pondering it tonight . 
@ Carolyn , Miss Kim , Ericka , Elita , Sharilyn , Happy Mother's day to you all ! Love all you guys ! 
If you " like " this status I will post on your wall something I like about you . Make this your status if you want a challenge ... 
wishes that some guys would just wake up and realize just what they've got before they lose her .... 
Today was my lucky day ! Can you seriously beat playing with parafilm , needles , knives , AND fire ? 
THe peculiar thing is this , my friend , the song we sang on that fateful night , it didn't actually sound anything like this song ! 
There's nothing quite like cleaning your room and finding your general biology notebook ! Especially reviewing proteins ... such fun ! 
Just for the heck of it , I want to know what you all think my best and worst qualities are ! 
Too wired . Time to cruise ! 
I'm so excited . Two friends ! I forgot what a joy it was to have Facebook . It really makes you feel loved .... 
May as well ! 
Black = I hate you . Pink = I like you . Purple = I would date you . Blue = I DID love you . Red = I love you . Orange = I like talking to you . White = I really care about you . Silver = We're close . Green = You're sexy . Yellow = I couldn't live without you . Brown = Best friends . Set this as your status and see what colors you get back ;) 
It never ceases to amaze me how one guy and two girls walk into the guys ' section at Walmart and ALL come out with new clothes ! 
* Sips coffee * Yuck . * Sips coffee * Yuck ! * Sips coffee * Yuck ! It's terrible but WONDERFUL at the same time ! It's like FREEDOM in a CUP ! 
In my field of paper flowers/And candy clouds of lullaby/I lie inside myself for hours/And watch my purple sky fly over me 
graduated , but made mistakes during the ceremony . Waaaah me ! 
Give your soul to me for eternity/Release your life to begin another time with her/End your grave with me , there's another way/Release your life , take your place inside the fire with her 
all eyes on me in the center of the ring just like a circus !... wait what ? Ahem . Right . Carry on . 
Red Bull + Vault = sugarandcaffeinehighit'slikeZINGi'magoracethatsemiguesswho'sgonnawinit'llbeME! 
" There's five minutes when guys aren't total assholes and that's when you screw them . " 
" Is it too much to ask to find a guy who isn't a freaking asshole 99% of the time ? " 
Yeah dumb question ! 
Omg ! Dolphins . 
just finished watching The Lovely Bones . Wow ! 
It's May . And its snowing . Really ? 
Back off , I'll take you on , headstrong to take on anyone , I know that you were wrong and this is not where you belong ... 
Ah , the joy of seeing a movie that nobody ACTUALLY wanted to see . Thank you Emilio , Marlee , Taylor Trujillo , and Andy O'Cana for at least making it fun anyway ! <3 
It's a lot like nature . You only have as many animals as the ecosystem can support and you only have as many friends as you can tolerate the bitching of . -Randy K . Milholland 
Yay I love swimming ! 
I know a joke ! A squirrel walks up to a tree and says , " I forgot to store acorns for winter and now I am dead . " It is funny because the squirrel gets dead . Ha ! 
wonders how she ever forgot how necessary air conditioning really is . 
Final Knowledge Bowl meet . Like , the last one EVAR . Me sad ! 
Did you know that " green bear " sounds like " gullible " if you say it right ? 
5 stars for Agent Elrond !!! 
Is wondering if the algebra exam was actually as easy as it seemed , or if I just bombed it . 
" My voice is changing up , but I'm still getting lad ... ies home phone numbers so I can call their mom to talk to MY mom to see if we can hang out after school for a few hours when your mom's home from work ! " Tay Zonday = Ludacris ? 
Woot woot ! 99% on my latest algebra exam . Now let's pray I make it through the final with a passing grade . 
Unicorns I love them , unicorns I love them , unicorns I love them ... Despicable Me has , by far , THE most awesome soundtrack EVAR !!!!! 
Hanging out in Hillbilly Hell with the Hoffner bunch ( minus my big bro :'( ) . Ah , what fun the afternoon shall hold for one so hyper as I in a place such as this ! 
You thought you were there to guide me , you were only in my way ; you're wrong if you think that I'll be just like you ! 
I long to be like you , lie cold in the ground like you , there's room enough for two 
All right , for those who care but are completely clueless , my graduation is this Saturday at the Nazarene Church in Monte at 3 . 
Fail ! 
It's been one of those days . And I'm pretty sure I've acted like a beeotch to just about everyone I've talked to . And the person I want to talk to and apologize to is unavailable . Is " FML " appropriate here ? 
They make it look so easy ... connecting with another human ... it's like nobody told them that it's the hardest thing in the world .... 
When was the concept of Chapstick as we know it today first come up with ? 
I can't tell if working out is overrated or not . I don't think it is . However , I do believe my perspective will change sometime later tonight ! 
Question of the Day ! When you're sad , does listening to sad music make you feel better ? 
my phone has better 3G service if I put my Mt Dew can by it .... could be a sign . 
You ! Yes , you , the one reading this . . . amuse me , I beg of you ! 
Trolls exist !!!! They steal your socks ! But only the left ones . What's up with that ? 
thinks there's nothing like finding old friends and being even closer than you used to be .... 
All right , I'm going to ask everyone ! Do you think I should take the ACT a third time in September and see if I can get a higher score ?? 
And as usual I leave with bittersweet feelings and fondly say goodbye to my warm city where the air is so gross you can see it and almost taste it . 
Julian Smith makes every day better ! Beached techno jellyfish like WHOA ! 
" None but a coward dares to boast that he has never known fear . " -Ferdinand Foch 
My peeps have disappeared , forcing me to be alone and talk to my other personalities . What has life come to ??? 
Blue his house , with a blue little window , and a blue Corvette , and everything is blue for him , and himself , and everybody around him ' cuz he ain't got nobody to listen to ... 
Off to an afternoon in the car again . At least we have junk food . 
mmmmm nothing better than the deliciousness of human blood ! 
Once upon a time , there lived a king . Like other kings , he had a really neat castle to live in , and a lovely little kingdom to rule . But unlike other kings , this king spent most of his time ... in the bathtub . 
-Bob the Tomato , King George and the Ducky 
had the mostest awesomest day EVAR !!!!!! Nothing like old friends !!! 
is STARVING for some odd reason ! Has bee absolutely stuffed all day ! 
Beach time baby ! 
OMGOMGOMGOMGOMG books 
With me , the odds are good , but the goods are odd ! 
Wow ! Less than two weeks till I arrive in the toasty Valley of the Sun !! One more week till my last day at work ! Frightening ! 
If you're rowing up a telephone pole and your back axle goes out , how many pancakes does it take to shingle a doghouse ? 
I was fairly certain that no movie would ever scare me .... I was wrong . Quarantine is FREAKY !!! Though the end was kinda cheesy O.o 
* rings doorbell * Hello sir , can I tell you about Jesus Christ- KABOOM ! 
Original King Julian ' pon your case , mon ! 
too awake !!! what to do now !!! hehehe 
Thumbs up for iTouch calls at one in the morning ! 
Ok , so bowling is really not as scary as I thought it would be ! Thanks you guys for being the bestest buddies ever :) 
Post this as your status and see what people love about you ! : ( this could be interesting ) . ? I love your________ . 
All right .... 27 Dresses .... is a cute movie . As much as it pains me to say it . 
Epic photography foray with me good sis marbee ! 
is feeling happy ! 
I get to be best man , I'm thrilled !!! 
" Stanley , it's been AGES ! " 
" No , Roger , actually it's been exactly one year . " 
" It has ? " 
" Yes , it has ! Every year we come to Pet Paradisio and every year we have this same exact conversation ! " 
" We do ? " 
" Yes , Roger , we do ! Is ANY of this ringing a bell ?? " 
Ah , nothing quite like whistling a happy tune whilst dragging a body away ! 
Mittens : " Do the dog face ! " 
Bolt : " What ? The dog face ? What does that MEAN ? " 
Mittens : " Figures . I'm tied to the only dog in the world who doesn't know how to beg . " 
I go to the awesomest . Church . Evar ! 
Curiouser and curiouser ! 
It really represents the story of my life ! You try , and you fail . You try again , and you FAIL ! And once you've failed enough times , you do what all the rest of the no-talent losers do : You make videos on the internet . -Ray William Johnson 
Like this status , and I'll give you a totally random compliment ! :P 
It rubs the lotion on its skin ; it does this whenever it's told . It rubs the lotion on its skin or it will get the hose again ! Now it places the lotion in the basket . 
Oversleeping on a test day is so . Not . Cool . FML 
I wants my uber cool fun people to sign on so I can talk to them . Or ... well by this time it might be a singular person .... hmmmm .... Oh well . 
Wow ... Eiffel 65's Blue chipmunked is so epic they can actually pull it off ! 
Work is so boring now that almost everyone's missing :'( 
Youth group had to end . Sadness ! The hour of random driving had to end when my cell phone died , shutting off my music . More sadness ! What's left now ??? 
india foxtrot yankee oscar uniform charlie alpha november uniform november delta echo romeo sierra tango alpha november delta tango hotel india sierra charlie oscar papa yankee alpha november delta papa alpha sierra tango echo tango oscar yankee oscar uniform romeo sierra tango alpha tango uniform sierra ( lets see who gets it and follows the instructions !!! 
Hmmm .... so if heat makes things expand , then I don't have a weight problem , I'm just hot ! Right ??? :P 
Ah , the wonders of helium ! If only sounding like a chipmunk didn't make me want to vomit ... 
Jesus Christ is Lord , not a swear word . 
decided to change her favorite number of the alphabet to black . 
I see the glass half-empty even when it's full . 
HAHAHA ! I LOVE awkward conversations ! 
Storybook endings/Fairytales coming true/Deep down inside we all want to believe they still do ... -Carrie Underwood 
I hope you are in a better place/Hope the Lord has your soul to save/Nothing left in my heart to break/And now you are gone , I am so torn/All I saw was the love in you/Heart so strong and I always knew/You were mine and I was yours/You are no more , I can't ignore ... 
How IS a raven like a writing desk ? 
I asked God to give me all things that I might enjoy life . He gave me life that I might enjoy all things . 
3:01 a.m. All is well ! 
Put a ripe banana right into your favorite ear ! 
Woohoo , tonight's gonna be fun ! Hanging out with some of my best gals PLUS having a couple of hot guys too ! What could POSSIBLY be better than that ???? :D <3 
Left my laptop at work , grrrr ! Message me or text me or something before I die of boredom ! 
COPY this to your STATUS and see what you get INBOXED 
GOLD : Be my valentine this year ?? 
RED : I used to like you :| 
ORANGE : You will be mine ? 
.......... GREEN : I wanna mess around 
BLUE : I love you ? 
PURPLE : I wanna chill 
PINK : I like you 
BLACK : I want a kiss 
YELLOW : Your sweet 
WHITE : You're funny 
BROWN : You're amazing ? 
SILVER : Your Cute (: 
TAN : I want your number ;) 
Why is the rum ALWAYS gone ? 
Is in a state of complete calm and contentment . 
I tried to kill the pain/and only brought more/I lay dying/and I'm pouring crimson regret and betrayal/I'm dying , praying , bleeding , and screaming/am I too lost to be saved ? 
just saw Inception ! Tense portrayal of a fascinating premise that completely inundates your mind with thoughts you never knew you could possibly contemplate . Overall best movie I have seen in an extremely long time ! 
Does anyone have a better solution for failing at life than suicide ???? 
Why do girls take so long to get ready ??? 
You mean I have to learn things about things ? And stuff ? About topics ? 
came back to work to find a whole new set of multi channel pipets ! WOOT we're moving up in the world ! 
is bored . Somebody should fix that . Set off a bomb or something . 
Good morning , Pooter ! You're looking dapper ! 
Movie+doggy+blanket+teddy bear = good laziness 
Can anyone name one or more of my favorite : ice cream flavors ? Christmas artists ? craft supplies ? art supplies ? dog breeds ? 
You're going through so much/But I know that I could be the one to hold you/Every single day I find it hard to say/I could be yours alone/You will see someday/That all along the way/I was yours to hold 
If you cut me I suppose I would bleed/The color of the evening stars/You can go wherever you wish/Because I'll be with you wherever you are 
-Owl City 
I used to be love drunk , but now I'm hungover . I loved you forever , forever is over ! 
wishes Hannibal Lecter actually existed ! 
Good night world ! 
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood ? Apparently , a woodchuck would chuck all the wood he could chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood ! Why do we find these things so amusing ? 
Gettin ' ready for the totes lame barbecue and dance tonight ! Who's with me ?!?!?! 
Sleep deprivation is an interesting thing ... 4 a.m. and I'm still not tired . But I'll be exhausted in the morning when I get up ... why does it ALWAYS work like that ? 
Oh ! It's a big ass dildo that turns into a bunch of little ass dildos ! I ain't never seen that sh*t befo'! -Shananay , The Christmas Wrapper 
Now , I'm going to give you a few weeks to pray about this . And if I don't like your answer , I'm opening a can of the wrath of God all over your sorry ass ! 
thinks there's nothing like talking about blackouts and chastity belts at 3 in the morning ! 
Sing it out so I can finally breathe in , I can take in all you say . Holding out for something I believe in , all I really need today .... I want to free your heart , I want to see your heart , please don't keep your heart hidden away . 
-JG , Hidden Away 
Had Smash Mouth's All Star stuck in my head all day . Bought Josh Groban's new CD to try and counteract its evil influence . Shall keep a log of my mental progress . If I die , please come to my funeral ; my ghost shall appreciate it . 
wonders why she had to get sick on vacation ! 
Don't wanna run on your command , don't wanna keep on comin ' back , don't wanna swallow all your lies ... I wanna feel alive . 
The night is early . What yet shall I do ? 
ORANGE MOCHA FRAPPUCCINO !!!!!! 
OK , is the fact that " Christian death metal " actually exists THAT surprising ??? 
Picking raspberries and then hiking up a ridiculously steep slope to see this totally boss cave with Marlee has officially become my favorite pastime ! 
Has new books and thus a whole night of pure bliss ahead of her ! Power to science ! I mean .... Power to fiction ! Odale fluffy , I'll kick you fool ! These bouse pockets are here to pat my tummy , you little snot ! 
Substitute " damn " every time you're inclined to write " very ; " your editor will delete it and the writing will be just as it should be . ~ Mark Twain 
" I don't know what'll happen next . I don't know how long I'll live . But I know I will be alone . " 
I , 1 , 2 , 1/2 , 6 . If you get it , you're a pervert . If you believe it from me , you're either a jerk or an idiot . If you're still confused , well , congratulations , your mind's not in the gutter ! 
We don't drink , we don't drink racist coffee/don't drink that , don't drink that racist coffee/I'm racist against that racist coffee/neither one's first , neither one's a sequel/all drinks are created equal 
Froyo is pure heaven !!!! How did we Droid users survive with Eclair ???? 
122.789 I don't know you very well , but I do know you to be wise , patient , and trustworthy ! Also into bright nail polish . Also very NOT into heavy eye makeup . ;) <3 
" It only takes 20 years for a liberal to become a conservative without changing a single idea . " - Robert Anton Wilson 
Love is not love that alters when it alteration finds , or bends with the remover to remove . Oh no , it is an ever-fixed mark , that looks on tempests and is never shaken . -Shakespeare 
And now .... um .... 
Off to get 3 hours of sleep ... yay me . 
I don't care what they say , I don't care what you heard ... the word love ? Love is a verb . 
Hey does anyone out there have a spare Verizon phone I could buy from them ??? 
Taos has a cute little happening farmers market .... beats Alamosa with a stick . Then again ... what doesn't ? 
Ah , Hooper pool .... it would be so much better if I didn't turn into a freakin ' raisin . 
The answer to the world's problems is having us all run in random directions with sharp implements and dangerous weapons . While being immersed in Sharpie fumes . Final answer , yes . 
I'm officially in love with OneRepublic's music . I want . 
isn't sure if she likes The Hills Have Eyes or not ! 
OMG , best night ever in a really long time :) 
I have the Hamster Dance stuck in my head . Well , looks like I'll be sitting here , bobbing up and down while running on my virtual wheel , munching a carrot ... * bounce bounce bounce 
FRIDAY ! Woot ! All ready for some serious house cleaning and car washing ! 
sorta don puppy-worrying . time for bed . time for three hours of sleep woot 
Brad Paisley's song Online is sooooo totally me !!!!! :P 
WOOT !!!! My aunt and sis should be arriving at any minute and I am SO HYPER !!!! 
Nothing like having a Llamas with Hats fest in church ! :) 
blah . bleh ? nah . definitely blah . and ehh . and mmrf . and ... Squirrel ! rawrr . 
* Reality strikes again . Helpless , you watch as it crushes your dreams and aspirations , pummeling them into the asphalt with thundering strokes . Black hands of depression snake around your throat and a sinister smirk longs to plant the kiss of death on your-* What ? Oh , yeah . My guests left and I have to go back to work now . 
So , if I came with a warning label , what would it say ??? 
Thank God for pianos . 
I never , ever thought something like this would happen . 
Awesome time tonight ! 
Whatcha say , that you only meant well ? Well of course you did . Whatcha say , that it's all for the best ? Of course it is ... 
Wow ! The totes lame dance was made not so lame ! Peoples rock ! :) 
All right , I'm bored . How would you describe me in a few words ? 
Enjoying BEACHNESS !! 
So , I was having some weird symptoms , like breaking out with random RWJ quotes , having the insane urge to kill mice , and being paranoid about my bathroom cleaner . I decided to go to the doctor , and it's true ! I have SQUAIDS !!!!! 
My head says listen to my tail and my tail says listen to my head and ... I just end up with an upset stomach ! 
you know , right now , i just want that one person , in that one truck , to just show up and make me laugh !! 
and these . are not my panties . contrary to popular belief . 
Come on , Maurice , what's a simple bite on the buttocks among friends ? 
All right people ! I need peeps to work here at the Research Center starting this school semester ! Samuel needs people , and Sastry needs people ! Please help me out so they don't kill me ! 
The answer is .... W . G . Bush . Thank you . 
OTA Froyo update successful ! SOOOOO much better than Eclair ! Any other Droid users waiting breathlessly for Gingerbread ???? 
I would sing , but how do you sing tears ? And I would draw , but how do you capture emptiness with mere paper and pencil ? I could dance- but no , such movement cannot purvey the chaos that is inside . Instead I will still myself ; hold the turmoil inside and hide it from those who see from the outside . And wonder what is left of myself . 
There was an old farmer who sat on a rock .... 
:) 
It's SNOWING !!! 
I'm gonna call 911 .... what's the number ??? 
Awesome day got better with the appearance of two of my favorite people on Facebook . <3 love you guys ! 
If you or someone you love is struggling to come to terms with the fact that you or they just fail at life , please dial 1800nobodycares . nrt/youmayaswelljustliveforpostingtoFML 
You know , my uncle always says , " I'd rather have a full bottle in front of me than a full frontal lobotomy . " I'm actually starting to think it would be a LOT more fun the other way around ! 
I scream into the night for you , don't make it true , don't jump ... The lights will not guide you through , they're deceiving you , don't jump ... Don't let memories go of me and you , the world is down there out of view ... Please don't jump . 
-Tokio Hotel 
You make a resolution about something , based partially on sense but deep down mostly on fear , and you're sure nothing could change it . Then you find that there's one person , and getting to know them more just leads more and more to the unraveling of your resolution . And you find yourself .... quite irrationally .... that you like it . 
Woot , awesome weekend ! Farmers market , pizza , got to shoot for the first time in my life , not to mention hanging with Anni and her TOTES AWEZ family ! Now it's back to real life .... sigh 
RAIN !!!!! I love rain :) 
Tonight we're going hard , just like the world is ours , we're tearing it apart ... We're dancing like we're dumb , our bodies going numb , we'll be forever young , you know we're superstars , we are who we are ! 
Dude , your eyes are bloodshot ! Are you stoned ?? 
No , man , it's my allergies . Duh . 
Well what are you allergic to ???? 
Weed .... 
I am a nice shark , not a mindless eating machine . If I am to change this image , I must first change myself . Fish are friends , not food . 
Dogs ' boundless energy never ceases to amaze me ! 
Dennis sucked in a breath . -Ghostwriter , Travis Thrasher 
Where is that simple day , before colors broke into shades , and how did I ever fade into this life ? -February Song , Josh Groban 
I'm going crazy so I want ... I want ... a pair of footie pajamas , and chocolate milk , and a teddy bear , and a blanket , and a whole boatload of VeggieTales !!!!!!! That's gonna solve it all , I just know it !! 
" ... and I just didn't get it , so I became ... " 
" Became what ? " 
" Bulimic . " 
" You can read minds ?! " 
wow ... this movie is pretty boring .... 
OMG Reese's! <3 
Such a paradox that doing something so hurtful can be the right thing . s 
" Cindy ! The TV's leaking ! " 
Gotta admit , once you've seen the Scary Movie stuff , The Ring is not quite as thrilling .... 
Ack ! I have no cell phone service and barely any internet . I'm about to die ! 
I am SO tired . At 10:30 . On Friday night . My circadian rhythm is all screwed up ! 
I haz a cool hat . :) 
Trees hate you . 
When the world flips you a Jeffrey , just stroke the furry wall ! 
To go for a walk , or not to go for a walk- that is the question ! 
Off to either some books or a movie or some fun and games ! Hopefully foodless ! Soooooo stuffed !!! 
For sale : baby shoes , never worn . 
Curse you , tiny toilet ! 
" Shrek says he's probably compensating for something , which I THINK means he has a really small- " * smack * 
Nummy food for lunch thanks to DeAnna Brown ! :) Fun times thanks to Andy O'Cana , Martin Ramos , Elita Bartley Castleberry , Ryan , and Emilio . Good news in general from Luke A . Versaw ! Yep , today was a good day . 
Weeeeeellllllllll , looks like the old lady's gonna get killed by the cable repair guy . Oorah ! 
Hold up , gotta see the beauty , hold up , gotta let it move me ... ' cause life is short and quickly passing by . Father , will You help me make the most of what is mine ? 
-Britt Nicole , Say It 
You suck . 
Anyone else feel like going out and making a meat dress after Lady Gaga's appearance in one ??? 
Omg Elita rocks ! Nothing like an impromptu hair styling at break !! 
Costume to scare boss and postdoc in place . Plot in the works . Hehehe :) 
Royce's house is not the same without Royce and his books ... 
ohhhhhhh I am so hypppppppper and there's nothing to doooooooooo lalalalalaldidadidalala 
Sometimes it's the one that makes you wait that turns out to be the one that turns out to be worth waiting for . 
SATURDAY ! Yay ... nothing's happening . Woot ! 
Well I have my internet back now , but cell service is no such luck ! My phone keeps telling me I'm data roaming ... what do they know ?? Seriously , unless mental exploring counts as roaming , there's no way I've even come close to getting out of cell range ! 
Yeah ! It's in South America ! * whispers * It's just like America ... but South !!! 
I never look back , dahling , it distracts from the now ! 
" Deja Fu : The feeling that somehow , somewhere , you've been kicked in the head like this before . " -Owl City 
I HATE migraines !!!!!!!!!! 
" Just ... hear[d ] we won two teen choice awards . Thank you for believing in me little monsters ! I'm your hooker . X " ~ Lady GaGa 
Since when is being somebody's hooker a good thing ???? 
Nah , I'm not going to waste the time and effort to sink your boat . I find it more entertaining to just watch you do it yourself .... May I add that you seem to have become an expert at it ? 
So there was an anti-drug campaign at our school , and they handed out pencils that said " Don't Do Drugs . " But then when you sharpened them , they said " Do Drugs . " So we did .... 
Is it just me or is swimming tonight NOT a good idea ? 
Your mother and I have a little deal with that monster . We hear one peep out of you tonight , and you're a goner ! Good night , son ! 
It's Friday the 13th . Anything bad happen to anyone yet ? 
Oh the joys of hanging out with guys .... 
Hello , Seattle , I am a manta ray , deep beneath the blue waves ! 
A rainy summer evening . Right here . Right now . That's what I want . Is that too much to ask ??? 
Showing cops your safe full of weed is right up there with mailing your ex a dildo bomb or trying to break and enter through a window you're too fat to fit through ... 
Why does it always seem that companies answer every question that could possibly be related to what you asked but never really resolve the actual question ? 
I am hunger . I am thirst . I can fast a hundred years and not die . I can lie on the the ice a hundred nights and not freeze . I can drink a river of blood and not burst . Show me your enemies . 
Why ? 
Nothing like working late ! 
OOOOOOOOOOOREOOOOOOOSSSSS !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Whoa internet is freaking out ...... strange day .... 
Ah , overtime ! 
Salt was an AMAZING movie ! Wow ! Not as good as Inception but still WOW ! 
Yes , I live and always have lived under the people who live under the people who live under the people who live under the rocks ! Get used to it already ! :) 
woke up too late to get up early but too early to get up late . I hate being average ! 
why the heck does my big fat mouth always get me in so much trouble and hurt other people ??? 
Angry Black Man believes Pokemon should be called poke-a-ho ! 
grrrrr stupid pandora radio won't load , oh i'mma kill that retarded site and its little dog too and whoever made it and whatever's keeping it from loading , it's all gonna be so dead , its frikkin descendants a whole damn millennium from now are gonna feel- oh . hi . were you there the whole time ? oops ... 
God put me in the corner of a round room . I'm a little confused ! 
Aw man ... my sympathy to all those who have ever had conjunctivitis . Nasty ! 
HA ! I finally have proof that love stones are not , in fact , immune to all harm !!! 
Micronesia , Urasia , Malaysia , same diff !! 
Listen up y'all , cuz this is it ! This beat that I'm bangin ' is DELICIOUS ! 
I didn't do it . 
From New York to L.A. , gettin ' high , rockin ' , rollin'/Get a room , trash it up till it's ten in the mornin'/Girls in stripper heels , boys rollin ' in Mazeratis/All they need in this world is some love 
In support of Special Education Week : 
Kids with special needs aren't sick or gross or stupid , and their handicap is not contagious . They only want what we all want : to be accepted and loved . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it as your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education Week and this is in honor of ALL children who were born in a unique and loving way . <3 
Achoo !! Sorry , I'm allergic to bullshit . 
Rob : " I mean look at Emily here , she looks like she's 20 or 21 at least ! How old are you anyway ?? " 
Me : " 17 . " 
Sastry : " Well to me she still seems like she's 14 , just the way she acts and stuff . " 
Thanks boss-man ! Love you too ! 
I want what I want , who I want , when I want , how I want . And I'd like fries with that . Is that too much to ask ? ;) 
Are character , individuality , and oneself so confusing for everyone ... or is it just me ??? 
Wow , just realized .... 30 days till my last day of work . Sad already :'( 
You fuck with my gals , I'm gonna fuck you up so bad you won't be able to exist anymore !!!! 
4:04 a.m. Perimeter is secure and guarded by boredom . 
Hannibal Lecter crying just doesn't do it for me . And yes , I would keep a dead body in my house ... 
Hahaha , didn't expect to have one car stolen and another one disabled for the chase when I went to youth group tonight ! 
Bubblegum . Meh . 
Blood , guts , and ... chipmunks . Cuz that's how I roll ! 
Blue hair . It's awesome . And adults have heart attacks . But it's still awesome . 
My grandma is like WHOA ! 
Cananyone answer all these questions ? Middle name : _____ Age : ____ Birthday : _____ Eyecolor : ______ Nickname : ______ Favorite color : ______One of my favorite bands : ________ A favorite thing to do : _____ Best friends : _____ 
Wow ... God really DOES answer prayer ! :) 
It smells so yummy outside ! 
I believe in six impossible things before breakfast ! 
Get to watch surgeries tomorrow :) 
Do people not realize that the numeral " 2 " is an insignificant substitute for the three very different words of " to , " " too , " and " two " ? 
Just found out that an old family friend who has had cancer for a while isn't supposed to live to the end of the month ... funny how a great day just got terrible . 
Jonathan A . Lewis and Wayne Anderson are SOOOOO hilarious when they're tired ! <3 you guys ! 
We need more people at dairy queen right this minute ! 
Dairy queen ! 
Your village just called . They said they want their idiot back . 
Well well well , watching people swim was a blast ! 
Thanks for all the bday wishes guys :) I <3 all of you ! And to all of you , my friends , whether I know you really well or talk to you often or at all , you make life SO much better :) 
Cuz when I looked into your eyes and you dared to stare right back , you should have said , " Nice to meet you , I'm your other half ! " 
-Relient K 
I <3 Christmas music !!! 
Ah , going to work early . Gotta love it ! 
Original plans cancelled . New plans in place . Money to be spent . Heck yes ! 
Epic fail . 
Kinda sad when you walk outside in a tank top and think it's nice , and then your mom walks out in a humongous jacket and says it's reallllly cold . 
Had the awesomest time with Marbee ! LOL , Corpse Bride , planning of Halloween party , music and picture exchange , and trying to get the piano music for What I've Done down ! We did pretty well , toward the end Megan said she could actually recognize the tune ! <3 
When life gets boring ... there's Dexter ! :) 
Just got off the phone with my best sistah ! Three hours does a lot to make up for a few months ' separation ! If only we hadn't gotten tired .... 
If you think I知 hot , like this status . If you love me put a heart . If you think I知 gorgeous put a :-) If you have ever liked me as more than a friend , then put XD . If I知 you池e really good friend put :O . If you池e brave enough , make this your status 
Blogging while other people you know are blogging too is fun . It should be a sport . You know , synchronized blogging . Or something . 
It's almost a great night . 
I hate sunburns . 
likes being artistic sometimes ! 
Ah , lunch was lovely because of my peoples ! But now it's back to work , and they're gone , and my day suddenly got boring again . O.o 
Oh , the intergalactic laxative will get you from here to Mars ! 
I've decided that the three best snack foods are : 
Oreos with peanut butter 
Peanut butter and honey sandwiches 
and Peanut butter and M&M sandwiches . 
I think I may be slightly obsessed with peanut butter .... 
" Everything that's supposed to be brown - tree trunks , rocks , dirt - is all covered up with squashy green stuff here . " O.o 
I知 going to be truthful for the rest of the night . Send me a message and ask me anything and I値l tell you the truth . Come on . Don't be shy . ( Put this as your status and see what questions you get asked ) 
Wow ! Phoenix , here I come ! Three more days till I get to spend a month in my toasty hometown ! Can't wait ! 
has two weeks left in Phoenix and wonders if anything else interesting is going to happen ! 
It's 9 o'clock and there's nobody to talk to and nothing to do ............ 
Epic weekend so far = almost smile ??? Ok , a smile . 
I have decided that Dying Breed is just a pointless movie . 
The same blood , the same cells , the same God , the same hell ; the same life , the same love , somebody , anybody , everybody stand up !... All that you've got , just turn it up ! 
Finally home . Now all that's left to do is read books , watch movies , and wait for interesting persons to appear to talk to ! 
Off to work ! Plants and samples are calling my name ! 
Today was very definitely THE most awkward day I've had in my life . Thanks a lot . 
I iz tired . 
Corey Becker is scary !!!!!!!!!! :P 
Put your Viking helmet on , spread that mayonnaise on the lawn , don't you know it's weasel stomping day ! 
Watching LOTR with my sista and other family ! I love Patocses :) 
These chicks don't even know the name of my band , but they're all on me like they wanna hold hands .... 
Time for some good ol ' Josh Groban :) 
" When I see you smile and know that smile isn't for me , is when it hurts the most . " 
Oops . Let a bad word slip out at home . I think my mother is going to die . FML 
So I says to myself , " Self , " -and I knew it was me ' cause I recognized my voice and I was wearin ' my underwear- " self , you should get up and make me a sandwich ! " 
HAHA ! :P 
( aka , Hahaha , I'm laughing so hard I'm gonna stick my tongue out and throw up on you now !!! ) 
Ooh , here's a good one : If I were going to be arrested ... what do you think the reason would be ? :) 
yay today is a wonderful day ! :) :) :) :) 
Nothing says you care about your job more than getting an emergency call at 6:30 and skipping breakfast , a shower , and other normal morning activities so you can be to work within 20 minutes . I care about my job . 
No one knows what it's like to be the bad man , to be the sad man , behind blue eyes . . . 
ugh .... I don't want to get up .... but I must . 
Hey y'all some buddies are trying to come up with a name for their vinyl graphic design thingamajiggers so help us all out ! 
we like the support of our friends and family . you can help us by choosing which of the following sounds best to you :) 
1 . stick stuff 
2 . total control graphics 
3 . dynamite designs 
4 . full throttle designs 
5 . vortex graphics 
6 . explosive designs 
7 . high velocity designs 
ugh -.- 
" I don't care what religion you are . We're all humans . Can't we all just stand together , united as one ... against the Jehovah's Witnesses . " -Ray William Johnson 
If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fall , cheered you on and kept you strong , copy and paste this to your status . Sisters are supposed to be boasted ! Belle Patocs and Marlee Canada I love you guys :) 
Oh , daylight savings time is a wonderful thing ! Lucky for me , AZ doesn't bother . 
Hi ! My name is < huh ? > My name is < what ? > My name is SLIM SHADY ! 
Ugh . Trying to write something when you know you should and have no inspiration is just .... depressing ! 
Mmhmm , waking up to watching The Notebook . It actually is good . Who knew . 
Marlee + sushi + Legend of the Guardians ( PHENOMENAL movie ! ) + McDonald's = AWESOMENESS ! But now I am wired and bored . Who wants to go do something crazy ??? 
just boppin ' along , reading my literature << This ain't a song for the brokenhearted >> wondering about the state of my duodenum and contemplating cranial sutures and wondering where my room went and why all my clothes are covering it up ?? 
House all to myself this weekend WOOHOO ! 
What's happening , forum ?? Another day , another challenge ! Is that a pubic hair ??? Teehee ! 
My name is Salmon , like the fish ; first name Susie . I was 14 the day I was murdered on December 6 , 1973 . . . . I wish you all a long and happy life . 
is hoping her fave person's computer will decide to work tonight ! 
coughed so loud I woke somebody up and thus am going to bed with an unfinished book ! :'( Only 400 pages under my belt tonight . Sad day ! 
Friday night ... Reading . As usual . Hmmm ... I need a life . 
Hmmmmm ...... I feel like I should get up since I'm awake ... I am determined to be the epitome of a Duracell Rabbit !!!!! 
Swim away , fugu fish , swim away ! 
haven't laughed that hard in a while ! 
how many times do i have to tell you .... just because it's only 13 degrees outside , does not mean I need a coat !! 
They say it sounds insane/We say that we've been changed/By the power of crazy love 
-Hawk Nelson 
is awesome . True story ! 
wow i heart phones lol 
oh I love talking to verizon and pretending to be royce . 
Old Spice Guy FTW !!!! 
No offense to David Guetta , but I'm fairly certain referring to a female as a " sexy bitch " is , in fact , disrespectful . 
really tired for no reason . i think i've been getting too much sleep . 
Got malk ? 
Hide yo ' kids , hide yo ' wife , and hide yo ' husband cuz they raping everybody out here y'all! 
You know my motivation , given my reputation . Please excuse me , I don't mean to be rude , but tonight ... I'm ____ing you ! 
Changeyour facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until monday ( Dec . 6 ) there should beno human faces on facebook , but an invasion of memories . :] This is a Campaign for Children's rights ( violence against children) ! :) 
Wow , Pandora radio introduces me to some weird stuff . Like a song called Prostitute by Neuroticfish ??? I think I should be scared at night now . 
I hereby declare Excedrin Migraine to be completely and utterly useless . Kicks in about two and a half hours late . Thanks a lot . O.o 
Thank you for nothing , you useless reptile ! 
is almost out of books !!!!! :'( 
Woohoo !!!! Time to party ! Again , who wants to do something crazy ???? 
I <3 I Am Legend ! 
Night declared an epic success ! Nothing like two chicks trying to dye their hair at 9 at night ! <3 
The rhombus of love is amazing . 
Taos farmers market rocks ! 
" Our services are $25 per hour and an extra $100 when we find your gator . " 
" I'll give you $5 and the biggest hug you've ever seen ! " 
" You've got yourself a slap-happy , butt-smacking deal , sir ! " 
OMG , best . Weekend . EVAR !!!! :) :) :) Beth Thompson , Amy West , and Anni West are SO fun !!! :) <3 
I've gotten to enjoy two perfect things in the last two days ! Blowing bubbles yesterday ... talk about good clean fun .... and then swinging under the stars tonight . I love the simple things . 
Carl , why is the lifeboat all red and sticky ?!?!? 
I love The Lovely Bones . How twisted that something as innately beautiful as a rose can be used as a sinister symbol of evil and desecration . 
Am I the only person who thinks Adam Lambert should do a version of Santa Baby ? 
Excuse me , barmaid ! I think you've brought me the wrong offspring ! 
That's not fair , blockin ' the road , where am I supposed to go ? Time to use my backup plan . Catch me if you can ! 
This is my impression of you : I just love jogging ! Got my iPod , I just love it , you know , I just love to jog . 
This is my impression of you ACTUALLY jogging : * jogging * I hate this . I hate this . Screw this . I'm going to walk . * walking * Oh a cute guy . * jogging * I hate this . I hate this .... 
Falling back asleep in the morning while listening to Josh Groban ... which eventually turns into his Christmas CD ... just means really weird dreams O , o 
This is the last night you'll spend alone , look me in the eyes so I know you know I'm everywhere you want me to be , the last night you'll spend alone , I'll wrap you in my arms and I won't let go , I'm everything you need me to be 
-Skillet 
Four came way too early this morning ! 
Words . They be wily things . 
Girl meets Boy . Girl tells Boy she's afraid of relationships out of fear . Girl very quickly falls for Boy but isn't sure if he returns it , and then tries to figure out how to unsay that without being too obvious . Girl/Boy stories are so much fun to watch from the outside , aren't they ?? 
Couch Olympics rock socks baby ! 
You know , to those guys who wear their pants around their knees ... if you want your boxers to show , pull your pants up and then just put your freaking underwear over them ! 
My life would suck without you ! 
* smug grin * I'm not as blond as her ! She drinks out of the toilet ! So there ! * crestfallen realization * Oh wait ... that's me .... oops . 
Name a song that reminds you of me and tell me why :) 
Eminem vids + NOTW ads = internet paradox FTW ! 
PLEASE ! 
put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone)who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , incase you didn't know , they can also breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% ...... of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers , the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost this 
I love flirting with beautiful girls :D 
Tense Boggle tournament with my mother . At the end of 22 games the score was .... Me : 193 . Mom : 307 . The fact that that's a higher score than I usually get is just ..... sad . 
Who owns my heart ? Is it love or is it art ? You know I wanna believe that we're a masterpiece but sometimes it's hard to tell in the dark . . . Who owns my heart ? 
Powderpuff football ..... sooooo ...... entertaining ! 
I ain't gettin ' nuttin ' for Christmas/cuz mommy and daddy are mad/I ain't gettin ' nuttin ' for Christmas/cuz I ain't been nuttin ' but bad ! 
Are you brave enough to let me see your peacock/Don't be a chicken boy stop acting like a beeotch/I'mma peace out if you don't give me the payoff/Come on baby lemme see what you're hiding underneath 
Terribly addicting song ! 
I . Am . Dorkius maximus . 
Yo all you cool people who were gonna come to the movie night tonight , its canceled . 
Screw that pillow ! 
You might have to ! 
We're on a bridge , Charlie ! 
I've had that stuff stuck in my head so long I think I need a Charlie the Unicorn tshirt ! 
When you have brothers , you get noogies and wedgies and stuff . Me , I had five sisters , so what did I get ?? Makeovers !!!! -Dane Cook 
I've been dreaming of a true love's kiss , and the prince I'm hoping comes with it ! 
I believe . In what , I do not know entirely . But that in itself is a belief of sorts . And I also firmly believe that nobody has anything to say to clarify the boundaries of said belief . 
I AM SO HYPER !!!! SISTERS ROCK !!!!! FOOD ROCKS ! CHAIN MAIL ROCKS !!! 
Woohoo , dirty dancing with the girlies :D 
People piss me off ! You mess with me , mostly I can handle that . You mess with my friends or my family , and I will NOT be happy ! 
I don't want eight waffles , I want twelve ! I want twelve of them ! 
Adult language advisory !!! 
If you have a fucking problem with me , you sure as hell better come and tell me to my face instead of pretending it's damn fine and then blaming someone else to cover it up ! 
Wow , not sure how I feel about Allstar Weekend equating themselves with Selena Gomez and the Jonas Brothers ..... 
The parade rocked socks , especially cuz Alli Patocs was in it , but now we're all completely sweaty and sleepy . Time for .... ehh , who knows . 
" Yes , I do worry about small things that are most often nothings . Yes , I doubt nearly everything almost constantly . It's because in the end , it just makes getting hurt that much less painful , because you prepared yourself for it from the beginning . " 
Today was a legitimate good day ! how cool is that ! 
Is ANYONE else fascinated with the cytological aspect of skin ?? 
I <3 hugging giant teddy bears at night !!! 
Well , now we're tiredish , and kinda bored , and there's nobody here to talk to . Epic fail ? Maybe so ! 
wants Josh Groban's new CD ! 
Wow ! fun :) 
Fml fml fml fml fml !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I could put strychnine in the guacamole ! 
Officially creeped myself out with the story I wrote just now :/ 
I haz a cute kitty :) nothing better !!! 
Wow ... this Sharpie feels weird on my skin O.o 
All of y'all awesome cool creative unique people who like custom vinyls and tees , ask Andy ( 7195880303 ) cuz he and his buddy rock and make them like nobody's business ! 
3 Years old : " Mommy I love you . " 10 years old : " Mom whatever . " 16 years old : " OMG mom you're so annoying ! " 18 years old : " I wanna leave this house . " 25 years old : " Mom u were right . " 30 years old : " I wanna go back to my moms house . " 50 years old : " I dont wanna lose my mom . " 70 years old : " I would give up anything just to have my mom here with me . " You only have one mom . Repost if you love your mom ! 
You're a wonder , how bright you shine/A flickering candle in a short lifetime/A secret dreamer that never shows/If no one sees you then nobody knows/And all these words you were meant to say/Held in silence day after day/Words of kindness that our poor hearts crave/Please don't keep them hidden away . 
-JG 
OMG ! Tequila !!! 
Fun times , fun times ! Nothing better than hanging out with your sister , aunt , and grandma !! 
Where are we going , and why am I in this handbasket ???? 
Jeff Fairbanks and Martin Ramos didn't follow through with their wedding last night so Luke A . Versaw , the maid of honor , and I , the best man , didn't get to fulfill our traditional duties . Sad day ! 
Wants her friends here ! 
All the lies and pain you put me through , I know that it's not me it's you ! Let's get the story straight , you are a poison flooding through my veins ! 
Holy cow ! Beer is like CHARISMA POTION !! 
It's gonna be creepy to wake up to being stared at by all these eyes I'm drawing on my arm .... 
Harlequin ichthyosis makes me sad . 
Shoes ! 
Burr aye , Oi bee's ee gurt marster of molespeaken . ' Ow Oi duz miss Redwall . 
Ah , chipmunked Boulevard of Broken Dreams .... I don't know what to say now . 
The Zoe ... is it new ? 
Yeah , the first week its been out . 
Well , what's it like ? Can I try a sample ? 
Well , its stubborn , suspicious , and overly distrustful of men . 
Is gonna go to Walmart with a leash and collar and see how many people I can get to take me for a walk and believe I have a dog fetish ! 
I have hereby decided to give myself superhuman powers ... the ability to create alternate worlds ... where I can then live out my dreams just the way I want . Any of you have any tips on how I might do that ? 
I'm sorry , but I'm not giving up . That's just not how it works . So I will be here , waiting for a better reason for me not to . Final answer . 
let's hope sleep isn't as elusive tonight . 
Buckle your seatbelt , Dorothy , because Kansas is going bye-bye . 
Red Dragon FTW 
" These shoes rule . These shoes suck . These shoes rule ! These shoes SUCK !!! Ohmigod , shoes ! " 
cried earlier today and just now noticed how much of her laptop is covered in dried tear stains ! O.o 
" Let's play a game . It's called the ' see who can be quiet the longest ' game . " 
" COOL ! My mom loves that game !! " 
Looking normal when you're out with a beautiful friend in a snazzy outfit just makes you feel that much more frumpy when you're tired ! 
You can breathe while I'm out of oxygen tonight ... what is it about you that leaves me breathless ? 
-Alex Goot , Breathless 
Almost told my mom to be safe , don't have sex , and use a condom . Luckily , I caught myself and just told her to be safe ... She'd probably wonder how I knew what a condom was O.o 
Leave my door open just a crack , ' cause I feel like such an insomniac ! Wait ... I think I actually am an insomniac ..... 
Mom ! Ray told me to do dirty things with the cheese grater ! 
Well expect me to be calling you to see ... if you're sleeping are you dreaming , and if you're dreaming , are you dreaming of me ? -Blue October 
It's just not fair that blonds have an excuse for doing dumb things and the rest of us don't! 
Ra t-t a t-t a t-t at on your dum dum drum , the beat's so fat gonna make me come , over to your place 
My goal for today : Meet a magical leopleurodon to show me the way to the choo choo shoe so I can find the snowman , retrieve my kidney , and go back to making hoof prints around my melting city . 
Love is not love that alters when it alteration finds .... 
Pondering life , or rather time . As usual I have come to the conclusion that life is pointless and nothing matters . Oh dear . 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play . 
Four words to describe myself : sooooooo out of shape ! 
My ring finger and my thumb on my left hand are the same size . That's weird . 
Had an AWESOME time today with the coolest old friends ever . If you want an awesome time of your very own , just call 1-800-not-a-real-number.com! 
Related to the IfYouHoldHandsWithABoyYou'llGetPregnant ( females only ) theory comes the all-new IfYouKissAGirlBeforeYouGetMarriedYouGetAids ( males only ) theory ! 
Heard the best news ever ! Jonathan brought home a GIRL !!!!!! 
Walking to the store to get more precious MT dew ! 
I FOUND THE SNOWMAN !! 
Let's see how well sleeping works tonight . 
Is there something amiss ? It seems as though there were . Perhaps I shall never know . My thoughts are my solitary companions . I shall pour out my heart to the inky sky in silence , and thus mayhap shall find comfort in this , my perplexing mind . . . 
589/ 567.324 Wow Idk where to start !!! You're so much fun !!! I love how we can be CRAZY !!!! :) I'm so privileged that you trust me enough to be best friends !!!!! You're just total awesomeness and thanks so much for always trying to draw me out of my shy little box !!! Wow , the pool parking lot ... I think that is one of my fondest memories of us !!! <3 you chica !! 
Ahh , Valentine's Day , I love you so much . You allow me to listen to an online radio station called Love Stinks . Maybe there's hope out there for us non-sappy people after all ! 
Greatest man in history was named Jesus , had no servants , yet they called him Master . Had no degree , yet they called him Teacher . Had no medicines , yet they called him Healer . He had no army , yet kings feared Him . He won no military battles , yet he conquered the world . He committed no crime , yet they crucified Him . He was buried in a tomb , yet He lives today . Re-post if you believe Jesus is the reason for the season ! 
I'm so out of things to do , I'm almost tempted to sleep ! 
OK , maybe Googling about venomous spiders , and necrosis , and ulcers , and skin diseases is NOT the best idea . 
Hey that gives me an idea , let's get out of this bar , drive out into the country , and find a place to park ... 
I hate waking up in the middle of the night !!!! Yes , the middle of the night . I went to bed at midnight , that makes 5 a.m. the middle of the night , yes . 
So ... does today's climate make it more likely that the excuse , " The wind ate my homework , " will actually work ? 
Prospective afternoon with my brother . Yay ! 
If it weren't too weird , I'd say I'm in love with Ke$ha . 
It hurts when you need me and I can't break your fall , it hurts when you can't see . . . and it hurts when you're lonely and I'm standing right beside you there . . . 
Ladies and gentlemen , this is what I have to share with you this evening : :) 
" Shane , I can't find the cat . " 
" Did you look under the bed ? " 
" No , there's monsters under there and I don't want to die !! " 
Ah , a Shane Dawson classic ! 
There are some movies that are gory , but good . There are some that are twisted , but good . Then , there are some that aren't really gory , and aren't really twisted ... but are just wrong and make you want to throw up . 
I think I'll take my chances with the umpus and the wawas ! 
Yeah ..... ready for a good night of pure awkwardness and forced sociability . May it be noted that I only do things like this for awesome people like Marlee Canada .... 
Welllll I suppose it wasn't as scary as I expected .... 
Yes , I suck at bowling . Yes , I model walk while I'm bowling . But unlike the rest of you , I can honestly say I suck at bowling with flair , talent , and awesomeness ! 
Let the bodies hit the floor !!!! 
Bromance : The expression of affection between two males who are not necessarily attracted to each other . 
Etymology : The word " bromance " is a kom-lb word combining " brother " and " romance , " which came from the Romans , who we all know built the pyramids .... 
If I sold this guitar and a piece of my heart for you , would you hop on a bus and leave because , would you ? . . . The people around me , they all seem to tell me that I tend to change like the seasons . I used to be somebody else . 
Needs super toxic chemicals to make human blood purple while still intravenous !! 
All right , here's a question for you smart people . I was looking over a periodic table and it had a note up top that said atom radius increases from left to right . But , loosely , atomic mass also increases from left to right . So here's my question : Are an atom's density and its electronegativity related ? 
I told myself I won't miss you , but I remember what it feels like beside you ... 
-Hinder 
" I'm your mother so I have to tell you this , even though you won't like it , and I'm only going to say it once ... " Yes , these words are a sure sign that you are either A ) soon to die a violent death at the hands of your mother ; or B ) soon to die a violent death from laughing at something that she's said at least 100,000 times before . 
Yo awesome peoples , swimming in Hooper around 7 . Do I have any takers ?? 
MY BROTHER IS COMING BACK !!!!!! :) :) :) :) :) :) <3 <3 <3 <3 
it's back again !!! you ready for it ?? you ready ?? here we go : :) 
needs sugar !!!!! 
Well that was fun ! 
She finally drank her pain away a little at a time , but she never could get drunk enough to get him off her mind until the night she put that bottle to her head and pulled the trigger ... 
Dear God , 
I think you made a mistake somewhere along the line when you made girls work how they do . Just wondering if that could be explained to where it makes sense . 
Sincerely , 
Me <3 
You're not alone ; I hear you call , and I've been waiting here for you through it all . 
Today . It's a good day . :) 
My soul had to be removed to make room for all this sarcasm ! 
Nothing like beating depression by kicking some serious mmorpg heinie !! 
Hey man , nobody's awake at 3:30 . That's just messed up . 
listening to the bestest happiest saddest song ever <3 I love songs like that 
It done BEEN blessed !! 
I'm readin ' a book , I'm readin ' a book , don't you ever interrupt me while I'm readin ' a book !! 
even if I have learned nothing else from my grandpa , at least I've learned the love of peanut butter . 
" Click now and you can receive a coupon for- " 
Excuse me , internet ad , but can I interest you in a free sample of Nobody Gives a Flying Rat's Ass ? It's the latest thing . Apparently you've missed it . 
Sprite . 
Nothing like a good cup of tea . Ah , nostalgia , how you do make me crumble . 
Let's hope this bloody , scary movie is ACTUALLY bloody and scary . 
Classical piano , when well-performed , does much good to the soul ! 
mmmmmmm sleep . 
Wow , even a liter of red Mountain Dew isn't curing this frustration . Maybe I need a stronger junk food fix ! 
Just not digging the Born This Way video .... 
Today I'm reminded that the friends I call mine are the absolute best people ever ! Thank you all for allowing me the privilege of being acquainted with you ! I love you ! 
Guess who gives a shite ?! 
Not you .... 
Exfreakingzactly ! 
LIke the clouds you drift me away , far away , and like the sun you brighten my day , you brighten my day 
I hate making a fool of myself . too bad I'm sooo good at it ! 
Being with the wrong guy ... is just like having to get up and pee , but staying in bed instead . 
Pineapple 
I know how lucky I am to have you . I don't tell you enough , but all I have for you is love . I wasted away too many chances to say how much it means to know there's someone out there like you . <3 
-Ke$ha 
Jeff MulattoMan Fairbanks Luke A . Versaw hey uys i'm sorry ifell asleep <3 
Hello , world .... 
It's time to get out the ray guns and crucifixes and rid Facebook of evil gremlins !!! 
Beautiful day , blustery but totally toasty ! Now it feels even toastier inside . * gasp * where's the A/C ??? 
Ninja Health Tip #1 : 
Exercise is important , but jogging is for wimps . Plenty of exercise can be had leaping from bushes and kicking joggers in the head . 
It's Christmas Eve , and I'm alone again . I sit right by the tree and contemplate the end of the year ... will next year be different ? . . . Even though I've been good this year , she won't be here . Was it something I said ? I take it all back . Could you forgive the way I am ? 
-Alex Gut , Next Christmas Eve 
I have found some of my old algebra notes . Thus , I take it upon myself to thoroughly explain the subject : 
askdjfiower vertex as ; f ; oawierkj parabola oijfhskjher inverse function lsdffhwejhr = wtf !!!! 
Does it all make sense to you now ? Thought so . 
you know how to make me smile :) 
nothing beats texting my sexy sista !!!!! <3 
We're all just sinking in a sea of wrong as you float by in your ship of right ... 
20 More morose than you often like to let on . Unable to see what great character you've got . You introduced me to bowling , for which I am very grateful ! :P Have the unalterable ability to make me laugh/smile although also to FREAKING WORRY !!!! -.- Are owed a back rub by me . Overall amazing person <3 
Ninja Health Tip #2 : 
Laughter is medicine . Ninja practice the art of inappropriate laughter . Laughing when hearing about misfortune not only shows the Ninja's strength , but also confuses spectators while relieving stress . 
Nobody rocks the planet more than amazing people :) 
Co Za Asy !!!! But today is a good day !!!!!! <3 Got a smile on my face and it's gonna stay that way !! 
Sir Francis Drake circumcised the whole world with a 100-foot clipper . Right ....??? 
Ninja Health Tip #5 : 
Changing your eating habits drastically in a short period of time is unhealthy . Therefore , Ninja must train on the same food they would be eating if they were on a mission . Pretty much anything you can get at the snacks section of a local gas station works well . 
yeah baby ! off to rock country mouse/town mouse times with Marbee ! let's do something crazy and preferably stupid , shall we ??? 
sometimes reality just slaps you in the face . 
You ! The sleeping one ! Get your butt back over here . Please ? 
super early bedtimes rock like socks sometimes ! 
Ninja Health Tip #7 : 
Everyone knows practicing yoga is healthy . Ninja practice their yoga and impress the ladies by killing the yoga instructor . 
I don't want to know it's over , so save your goodbye kiss . . . I can hardly see what's in front of me , ' cause the vodka's running on empty . I can't stay sober if it's over . 
this sky requires a fluffy blanket and a cuddle buddy !!! teddy bears ftw ! 
Nothing hurts worse than seeing someone you love hurt , and knowing you can't help them . 
I can't believe what a bunch of nerds we are , looking up money laundering in the dictionary ! 
You know it's entirely too windy when your DOG won't even go outside . It's kinda like the food rule , where if your dog won't eat it , you know you shouldn't either . 
I'm closing the windows to stay warm , there's a chill in my soul since you've been gone ... I'm staying home today , gonna hide away , ' cause it feels like rain . 
Two bestest people in two days !!! I is lucky :) 
Anybody up for teaching me how to efficiently cut a human body into " s " shapes ? 
Belle Patocs is so amazing even talking on the phone for two hours doesn't cut it !! Sista , you are wonderful and talented and sweet , and I wouldn't be here today if it weren't for you !! Love you ! <3 
I've lost my crazy pills . I need them . They're in a red and orange bag with a cheetah on it and they're labeled Cheetos . If you find them , please return them to me immediately or I'll skin you alive and feed you to a bear . Thanks , much appreciation , love to all <3 
I love how soft the snow is on bare feet !! 
Leg warmers , serial killers , and raspberry sorbet . Effing perfect night ahead ! 
FML .... I just try to do the best thing and it turns out totally wrong . Why am I so messed up ? 
thank you for being you . hearing your voice just makes me smile :) 
Yep . We have Valentine's Day coming up and that just makes us all feel worse . Ok . I'll admit it . Singleness sucks ! 
Body Worlds is really cool . So is osteoarthritis . So is cartilage . Yeah . I'm weird . You have a problem with that ? 
today . was the best . day . ever :) 
My hair makes me feel like a chocolate covered cherry . 
loves my doggy <3 
Copy this into your status & see what people rate you ! (: 
1 Violent 
2 I'd Marry You 
3 Hot 
4 Sweet 
5 Beautiful 
6 Talkative 
7 Trustwothy 
8 My Best Friend 
9 Funny 
10 Fun 
11 I Love You 
12 Perfect Type 
13 Missing You 
14 Retard 
15 Blonde 
16 One Of The Best 
17 BEASST 
18 Sweetheart 
19 I'd Date You 
Bummer . Too bad you're not awake for me to talk to . I could use a smile . 
Well that eclipse was epic . 
best time EVAR !!!!!! <3 <3 <3 bowling is AWESOME even though I suck at it !!!! 
Pachelli's + Elita + Phyllis + Marlee = fun 
wants to write an hones t-t o-goodness horror novel ! 
well .... that's awesome . cool . great . now what ? 
Dear Books , 
I am so sorry to put you all back in your boxes even though I just got you all out . At least you had some freedom . Believe me when I say that hiding you away hurts me more than it hurts you !!! 
Moi <3 
just the thought of you can drive me wild , oh you make me smile ! <3 
I WILL control my temper , I WILL control my temper .... 
I really don't know what I'd do without Andy O'Cana . Luckily I don't have to try and figure it out . <3 
I'm not Jesus Christ ... but I can turn water into Kool-Aid ! 
-George Watsky 
why is justin bieber obsessed with giving his girl money ? 
I was thinkin ' about you , thinkin ' about me , thinkin ' about us , what we gonna be ? Open my eyes , it was only just a dream .... 
Now here's the dilemma of the day .... do I go to bed now , or do I watch the sunrise and THEN go to bed ? hmmmm .... 
Gifted Hands is the best movie ever . It makes me want to be a neurosurgeon ! 
Please put on your seat belts and stay seated . My brain has encountered turbulence . 
And then I dip my tongue in and take a taste . It tastes like soap , but it doesn't really taste like soap ! 
Kids , if you have nothing nice to say ..... stab people . 
Red Riding Hood was really predictable , but pretty good anyway ! Amanda Seyfried just makes it all good . Haha . 
Sunday . Yeah . 
Just downloaded 22 more ebooks into my phone ... I am set for life !!! Or a few weeks at least . 
Mountain dew + freezing outside at ( sorta ) midnight is the shizzle . 
" LIBRA : You are the forgiving type and you don't bear grudges . This makes you an asshole . For your entire life people will make a complete prick out of you . Nobody will go to your funeral . " Yay me !! 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas ! 
Je ne suis pas parfait . Je fais des erreurs . Mais je me suis . Et je suis belle  cause de cela . <3 :) 
I don't like the fact that the weapon merchant in teleport 1 has been replaced with Commander Brom . O.o 
My new trendy outfit idea : a sock hat and no pants ! 
i hate cooking ... 
Back home after an epic weekend ! And may it never be argued that Anni West makes the BEST hot cocoa ! 
mmhmm , chillin ' here with the awesomest fam on the planet . Teh Wests officially rock sockses !!!!!!!!!!! 
I want to be reallllly little again . you know , when it was ok to just climb into someone's lap and have them hug you till everything was fine again . 
If I had a world of my own , everything would be nonsense . Nothing would be what it is . Because everything would be what it isn't ... 
Well .... 
if only i could have said goodbye ...... 
Mmmmmm center pizza love <3 
Hanging in Taos with my girls !!! <3 
I'm beautiful in my way , ' cause God makes no mistakes , I'm on the right track baby , I was born this way <3 
-Lady GaGa 
It's a land of sweets and joy , and joyness !!!!!!!!!! 
Suddenly though , everything's slow , and I miss you so . . . In a town that's cold and gray , we will have a sunny day . Don't you know that I belong arm in arm with you baby ? 
ooooooh sleepy sleepy sleepy .......... 
Teratomas are SO cool . 
Thanks so much to Anni West , Amy West , and Brian West and their whole family for the BEST TIME EVAR ! 
We live on front porches and swing life away . We get by just fine here on minimum wage . If love is a labor , I'll slave till the end ... 
I致e got a problem , I get it . I知 an addict , I値l admit it , and I promise I知 gonna quit it . Hey , that Mountain Dew over there , anybody gonna finish it ? 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!! 
Random bio fact of the day : Mitochondria = Shar Pei in a blanket . 
Sharpied my leg up so much I can't be in the same room as my mom because she says I smell awful . 
Failing epically at bowling as usual but hey my friends love me anyway !!! <3 
Yep . I'm pouting . 
My socks and hot date inspire me to be a smarter person and get more stuffed animals !!! 
And today was a good day ! I love family that's not really family but is like family anyway ! <3 
Copy this and put it in your status if you know someone , or have heard of someone who knows someone or have heard of someone who may know someone ; or if you don't know anyone or even if you've just heard of someone who doesn't know anyone then copy and paste this . Most people won't but it's important to spread the message . Be proactive ... Oh , and the hearts . ? ? ? For Pete's sake don't forget the hearts ! ? ? ? 
is sleepy but doesn't want to go to bed !!!!!!!!! 
I won't tell you again sir , please don't try and speak while I'm working inside your mouth ! 
Riddle me this ! Why can't I find my brain ?? It's like being surrounded by all of this coffeetudinous coffee smell and quietudinous quietness has caused it to go AWOL ! HELP ! 
Like my status and I will tell you ... 
1 . How we met . 
2 . My first impression of you . 
3 . My favorite memory of you . 
4 . A color that reminds me of you . 
............ but if you like this you must put this as your status 
Alan ! Alan ! Alan ! Alan ! Alan ! No , that's not Alan , that's Steve . Steve ! Steve ! Steve ! 
Watch , this is so fun to say .... ohhh , despicable me !! 
My thighbutt is fine , thanks for asking . 
Alli Patocs I never meant to hurt you , just never thought we'd fall out of place ... I just can't be with you like this anymore ... ' Cause you look better when I'm drunk .... 
All fuzzy in the head this morning . Must . Wake . Up ! 
Almost time for another epic episode of Adventures with Marlee ! But first , An Exploration of the Dangers of Closet Spelunking 
Best friends , best family , best second family , best best friends ever ! To all the people who make my life worth living ... and you know who you are ... thank you . I love you all ! 
waiting for the phone to ring !!! how late do you wait for a phone call when you don't know what they're doing ??? 
Stuck in alamosa ! Someone come hang out and rescue me ! 
Tick , tick , tick ... that's the sound of your life running out . 
i . am . pedobear ! 
Children are gross ! 
I'm ignoring you because you make me sad . 
Do I see sheets of plastic in your future ? 
Ah , yes , today was fun ! Boy stalking WIN ! 
" Well , folks , I hope you have a good Valentine's Day this year , and good luck finding love ! For the smart people out there , go enjoy some asexual reproduction , and for the stupid people that don't know what that means , it means go eff yourself . " 
oooh .............. I feel like singing .... but there's nothing in particular to sing that I feel like singing .... so I'm just going to sing random words ..... hummmmmm .....! 
Can nothing allay the fear and insecurity that are always tightening their grip on me ? Answers to the question are equally as elusive as a real solution to the inner problem . 
O victory in Jesus , my Savior forever ... He loved me ere I knew Him , and all my love is due Him ! 
Drink fast and enjoy your buzz , take back streets to avoid the fuzz ... Or , just sit at home and do laundry . That sounds safe . 
Instead of me telling you what's on my mind .... how about all of you tell me what's on your minds ! 
Me , quoting Shane Dawson : Why can't food be a substitue for friends ??? 
Marlee in reply : Because then you would eat and subsequently shit your friends . 
oohhhhh good point XD 
My mother brought that rosebush over on the ship from Mexico . 
oh , sweetheart , put the bottle down , you got too much talent .... 
.... 
And with each day that goes by , I just can't help but to remember more and more how inadequate and ill-fitted I am . 
hangin ' out with the mommy today . this oughta be interesting . 
I think the Monster I drank was a mistake .... but it sure was yummy . 
well that was traumatizing 
You know , when it's hurting deep inside , sometimes I just have to wonder ... WHY are we out of pickles !!! 
Homegrown French nails ? Hmmm .... not much of a success . 
Well THAT was epic . Unfortunately , we held off on the vomiting on picnic tables . Ah well . Next time ! 
Laptop .... $950 
Facebook ..... $0 
Hilarious sex talk from a former co-employee ..... PRICELESS !!! 
Oooooh fog ! 
' Cause all the boys and the girls want to know how far this bad wild child's gonna go ! 
Miss my doggy . 
All dressed up and feeling a bit ridiculous 
SINGLE or NOT put this as your status and see what color people inbox you ? 
Black - I want a relationship . 
Green - I am falling for you . 
Purple - I miss you . 
Orange - I really like you . 
... ( tharr be more ) ............ Pink - I love you . 
Red - I miss how we were . 
Indigo - You are sweet . 
Yellow - You are amazing . 
Blue - You are beautiful . 
Grey - We should talk . 
AND INBOX NO COMMENTS !!!! 
All it takes is an " I love you " from you and it makes me glow from the inside out :) 
If you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of a memory you have of me and you that pops in your head . When you've finished post this paragraph on your own status , you'll be surprised what people remember about you 
mmmm neurons fascinate me ! 
my dogs just dont want me to sleep ! 
is bored and requests you to fix it . Please ? Thank you . 
Why does it say In God We Trust on money ? It should say something more logical . Like , You Can Exchange This for Pizza . 
You know you fell asleep way too early when you're ready to get up at 3 a.m. 
http://isitchristmas.com/ 
Hates emotional . If anyone knows of a good way to get rid od them please inform posthaste ! 
All by myself , don't wanna be all by myself anymore lalala ! 
I am determined that nothing but the very deepest love will induce me into matrimony - so ! I shall end an old maid , and teach your ten children to embroider cushions and play their instruments very ill ! 
-Elizabeth Bennett 
And this is why I don't go to bed early . Inevitably , I will wake up around 3 and not be able to fall back asleep . Stupid circadian rhythm ... why can't it just leave me alone ?? 
3 things that came to my attention today : 
1 ) Anthem ( Ayn Rand ) is THE best book ever . 
2 ) When a guy holds a girl's door , it makes a HUGE difference . 
3 ) Anni West is AMAZING !!!!!!!! <3 <3 
It's 9:40 . And I'm kinda tired . And I'm also kinda not . And I need sugar . Chocolate chip cookies , to be specific . Please ? Thank you . 
apparently I've been talking about Carl and Paul in my sleep . But I don't remember dreaming . Will someone please tell me why I appear to be dreaming of llamas with hats ? 
And there's a million of us just like me 
who cuss like me ; who just don't give a fuck like me 
who dress like me ; walk , talk and act like me 
and just might be the next best thing but not quite me ! 
Awwwww epic Superman stairs fail ! 
Mmmm .... almostmacaroni and cheese ! 
2 hours of lying in the sun . 2 sunburned shoulders . 2 still-white legs . I believe these results warrant the label of tanning FAIL 
I hate living in a place where it's , like , -80whythefreakdoilivehere degrees !! 
I did it , but I'm sorry . Well , I'm really not that sorry ... I'm a bad , bad girl , I kissed that boy again .... Okay , I did it . But I'm sorry . But I'm really not . Well , maybe .... 
-Kesha , A Bad Girl's Lament 
You know you're true sisters when you switch clothes and wear the same jewelry , and pull it off perfectly . Not to mention just generally being awesome together !!! <3 you Mar !! 
" The world keeps on spinning ; only she stills my heart . She's my inspiration , my morning star .... in her eyes , time passes by , and she is with me . " -Josh Groban <3 
Yay , staff meeting 
Yay , hiding from the party ! 
To walk or not to walk ...... 
No , I'm not drunk . I'm just holding on to the lawn so I don't fall off the earth ! 
feels strangely confident today ! 
Something possessed me to get Anna Karenina . Hope it's worth it ! 
I miss talking on the phone for hours with you . 
Please don't steal . The government hates competition . 
And i think you should know this : you deserve much better than me . 
Getting up before 7 am is evil . Getting up before 6 is unthinkable . But waking up before five .... was just tragic ! 
You know you wash too many dishes when your knuckles bleed . 
I am never going outside to tan again . Ever . I'm going to become a nun . And hide . 
Settling in for a lovely evening with cookie dough , milk , a book , and some weights by my side .... wait .... you mean to tell me not everyone keeps their dumbbells right next to their bed ?? 
Have you ever cried a tear that you could not explain ? .... What if it's Him ? What if it's God speaking ? Who knows how He'll get a hold of us , get our attention to prove He's enough . He'll do , and He'll use , whatever He wants to , to tell us , " I love you . " 
-Mandisa 
" My heart has been stolen- nay , not stolen , for it was freely given , and belongs now to another . Alas ! Would that he could know , and love in return ! " 
Your hands are cold ? It's ok warm them on my sunburn . 
eating my first snowball of the year !!! 
Klondike bars , cookies , and a quesadilla = breakfast of champions 
Who all's gonna go see the new Pirates movie this weekend ??? 
Epic !!!!!!! 
Get up , come on , get down with the sickness ! 
Marketers proved they could sell us anything when they successfully sold us wedgies mislabeled as thongs . 
If you feel so angry , so ripped off , so stepped on , you're not the only one refusing to back down . You're not the only one , so get up ! Let's start a riot ! 
Woot ! Day on the town .... hahahaha 
Epic sandy road fail + work tonight = a windblown server 
All ready to get three hours of sleep after a freakin ' epic day ! Then up for more epic days ! Lions and tigers and bears , holy crap ! 
Beth Thompson is one of the most talented pianists ever !! 
You're not a eunuch are you ? 
Hmmmmmmm is it weird that I fantasize about molecular structures while I'm watching fire ? 
awwwww Nacho is asleep on me . how cute !! i officially love kittens now 
A neutron walks into a bar and asks how much a beer is . The bartender replies , " For you , no charge . " 
Hooray for cribbage ! 
And every day I just miss you more , like a little piece of me sends itself to you every time I don't see you 
Smoking weed is illegal . Then again , so is all the music on your iPod .... 
Best shopping trip ever !!!! 
Had the best day ever thanks to Amy , Anni , Beth , and Martin ! And Melissa ! :) 
I smell like a man now .... 
Who is in mosa to crash the town with me ? 
Take a good hard look at the mothereffing boat !!! 
For you people on chat who are trying to talk to me .... my phone is being obnoxious and is not behaving . Inbox me or text me . 
Wrong number fail ..... 
What's on your mind ? 
Girls really just want someone who wants them back . <3 
-Brooke Davis 
They were out of silly string .... so I bought cheese instead . 
-Mouth 
She put a bag on my head .... still counts ! 
Martin + Paul + Meg = best effing night evar ! 
Just two beautiful gals out on the town . Hell yeah <3 
Stay up all night , or go to bed soon ..... hmmm .... dilemma ! 
Is dizzy and nauseous ! Just thought I'd share ! Have a nice day folks ! 
Anni West is , in her sleep , lecturing Amy West about going to bed . Hmm . 
yay market today !!!! 
Wow . If I weren't afraid of talking to people , I would totally hit on the hot guys here ! 
It's disgusting how I love you ; God , I hate it . I could kill you ..... It's disgusting how you changed me from a bandit to a baby .... Look at what you do to me ! It's disgusting ! 
What am I ? 
1 - awesome 
2 - funny 
3 - kissable 
4 - smart 
5 - cute 
6 - random 
7 - hyper 
8 - sarcastic 
9 - weird 
10 - fun 
There can't possibly be life on other planets , because if there were , the US would be giving them financial support already . Duh . 
Seeing you hurt makes me hurt even more ... and the worst part about your pain is that I can't fix it . 
I'm going to kick you . 
Just chugged a quart of chocolate milk . Never thrown up out my nose before today .... 
Only have to pay $776 out of pocket for my entire first year of college thanks to scholarships !!!! 
1 liter of Mtn Dew + 1 bottle SoBe + Ty Orton + Amy West + Anni West = darned great day ! 
and it's time for bed . wow . how lame . but at least I have an excuse .... yuck ... I don't like getting up early :( 
ooooh today is fun !!! 
Dear World , 
Please learn to spell words correctly . Please spell them correctly at all times . Also , please learn to make your sentences grammatically correct , and learn to use proper punctuation . 
Me . 
And ... I'm still tired . 
Things that faceplant don't even have to be alive for it to be funny 
Does NOT like working the breakfast shift . Too early for sane people to be up . 
Am I the only person who works out to Alvin and the Chipmunks music ? 
My day was like :) :D :( :/ 
Timmy : you're too quiet . Im gonna trade you in for a louder version . HAHAHAHA ! 
Q : When a guy tells you , " Go make me a sandwich , " what's a good comeback ? 
A : Well ... you better come back with a sandwich . Duh . 
Walking ..... walking ...... walking . yay me 
If I were a genie , what would your three wishes be ? 
Somebody bring me food for lunch !!!! 
450 crunches and one can of whipped cream later , I'm still fat . Mystery , that ! 
Titanic . <3 
STRESS ! 
Where did you send her ??? 
To a place where there are no happily ever afters ! 
I miss you ! 
I don't even know what to say . I've stumbled upon another chapter of my life that I didn't know existed . And it's just weird . 
My boss is looking for a babysitter in alamosa to look after his baby Monday through Friday , all day . Anyone know anybody ? 
Dear solar plant workers , 
Do not honk at me . Do not whistle at me . If you think that will impress me , you are quite wrong .... get a life . 
Sincerely , 
Me 
Goin to bed early is just counterproductive . Now I can't sleep . 
The third transformers movie was so good I have to watch the first two now ! 
Yes , today was a wonderful day :) :) :) 
I am not going to be able to move tomorrow ... 
" Can I stay in love forever ? " 
finally found someone who can actually cut hair right ! Finally ! 
Hi-ho , its off to work early we go ! 
Alyx Ziegler and Colter Carroll are the best sprinkler and weeding buddies :P 
Sister sushi love ! 
There's this craving I have for my drug of choice ... it's been too long since I've had a dose . And that drug is you . <3 
Olive you . 
Odds fish ! The Scarlet Pimpernel is the BEST movie ever ! 
I sing to life , and to its tragic beauty ; to pain , and to strife ; let all that dance through me .... The rise and the fall , live through it all . 
-josh groban 
Need . More . Books . Need . More . Caffeine . Need . More . Chocolate . Need . More . Sanity ! 
Time to take the sheepies for a drag again . O joy ! 
Time for a Hannibal Lecter fix ! 
Ladies and gentlemen , I would like you to know that patience times non-neuroticism equals NOT ME !!!! 
House of Wax . More like ..... Oh crap everyone is wax and if you don't run you will be too . 
Yes I know it looks like I'm sitting in a pile of dirt . But I'm working . Really . Promise . 
All nighter ..... with The Hills Have Eyes . Great choice no ? 
Shaun , you've got red on you . 
I did it , but I'm sorry .... well , I'm really not that sorry . 
Six hours of sleep for an entire weekend just wasn't quite enough . Anyone have aspirin and caffeine ? 
Try and answer a question honestly and it sounds worse than it is and now look where it gets us . Fuck this . 
My legs are dangling off the edge , the bottom of a bottle is my only friend , I think I slit my wrists again and I'm gone , gone , gone ..... I wish that I could fly way up in the sky , like a bird so high , oh I might just try ! 
Field day ..... yay me . Everyone scatter ! 
<3 
The snozzberries taste like snozzberries !!! 
Covered in dirty sheep water . Yum ! 
I hate allergies . Or colds . Or anything that causes sneezing and sore throat . I will kill them all ! 
Salvation is proved by conformity to the will of God ..... well what is that ? There's individuality and conformity .... where's the balance ? Who can tell ? 
This weekend with be my last weekend in the valley . Thinking about getting something together on Saturday or Sunday ..... if you want to see me , text me ( 7198490546 ) and we'll see what works out . 
So many of these little kids have light up sneakers that I desperately want to steal ! 
Colter Carroll is awesome to listen to rockin ' jams with .... so awesome that the jams were messing up his face !! :P 
And once again the boys are fighting . Oh dear . 
Well on that ( un)happy note .... 
Best night ever .... time to cry now :'( 
Trying to get Colter to do the Macarena ... it just isn't working . 
Can someonetell me where youth group is tonight ? 
Freakout begins in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... 
And when I close my eyes and feel You rushing by , I know that time brings change , and change takes time . And when the sunset comes , my prayer would be just one : that You might pick me up and notice that I am just a little smoother in Your hand . 
Friendship is two pals munching on a well-made jar of pickles together . And reading fmls . 
Well it is off to Arizona . The hardest part of leaving is saying goodbye to everything and everyone that's become a part of my life . To all my friends .... I love you and I couldn't have survived without you ! <3 
More or less happily ensconced in the oven city .... I miss people . 
10 inches , 5 minutes 
Orientation today and tomorrow ..... People , people , and EVEN MORE PEOPLE !!! How effin ' terrible is that gonna be ? But you know that deep down inside , I'm excited somewhere . 
Forfeit the game before somebody else takes you out of the frame , puts your name to shame . Cover up your face , can't run the race , the pace is too fast - you just won't last . 
Welcome to the land of short shorted blondies ! 
Five stars for harmonic nom-sharing heroes ! 
my year is 2003 
age : 11 
location : Phoenix , AZ 
best Friends : Katie Schloesser 
things I liked : macaroni and cheese , LoTR , cheese 
things i disliked : bell peppers ! 
and it's your love that gives me the strength to go on ! 
You're in a mental hospital . 
Use the first six people on your friends list from the left column in your profile . 
1 . Person who drove you crazy : Colter Carroll I knew it ! 
2 . Person who signed you in : Caleb M . McLaren How dare you ! 
3 . Your doctor : Paul Collette III Uh oh .... 
4 . Person in the corner drooling on themselves : Cody-Melissa Biby Oh no ! 
5 . Your roommate : Courtney Lounsbury Yay ! 
6 . Person who helps you break out : Ty Orton YESS ! 
There's nothing like going back to church and seeing faces you have known for ten years :) 
Yep .... classes have started . O joy . 
Everything's smooth on the surface but sometimes I just have to wonder ... am I really enough ? 
109 degrees in this wonderful oven . 
british accents ..... OH yeah ! 
Cousin : Why aren't we sitting at the bigger table ?? How is this one better ?? It's so much smaller !!! 
Friend : Dude where'd we put those napkins ... we can use them as tissues ... 
Cousin : They're over here . Here's one for you . 
Friend : No , it's for you . Dry all those tears .... don't want your mascara smudging !! 
HAHAHAHAHA 
Hearing Shut Up and Let Me Go by the Ting Tings twice in one day is just too much . 
You don't have to close your eyes ; there is room for love again . Ease the pain to realize all that love can be . Forced apart by time and sand , take a step and take my hand , and don't let it go ... never let go . <3 
To whoever is prank calling me , you're great !!!!!! 
SINGLE or NOT put this as your status & see what color people inbox you ( it's a secret ) 
Black : I want a relationship 
White : I'm tryna smash 
Green : I'm falling for you 
Purple : I miss you 
Orange : I really like you 
Pink : love you 
Red : I miss how we were 
Yellow : kiss me 
Blue : you're cute 
Gray : we need to talk 
Brown : I want another chance ! 
Is there time for you and me ? You can breathe while I am out of oxygen tonight ... What is it about you that leaves me breathless ? 
I heard this song today for the first time in forever and a day . I think it's a good way to remind us of God's love :) 
I love you more than the sun and the stars that I taught how to shine ! You are mine , and you shine for me too . I love you yesterday , and today , and tomorrow I'll say it again and again : I love you more ! 
-Matthew West 
Everybody !!!!!!!, let's do this ( and NBC , this one's for you ! ) . We should flood Facebook with this . " I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the republic for which it stands : one nation under G O D , indivisible , with Liberty and Justice for all " . RE-POST IF YOU THINK GOD , OUR COUNTRY , OUR FLAG , AND OUR MILITARY DESERVE RESPECT !!!!. Let's just see how many 
i wanna go to bed 
don't wanna go to class wanna sleep for a really long time like a REALLY long time 
Oh dear . I think I have sleeping issues . One pillow's on the floor . I completely took my sheet out and ended up with one blanket covering the lower half of me and a different one covering the top half of me . And I had dreams that people kept telling me I was talking in my sleep . Not quite sure what this means , but I think it might be important ! 
That was officially cool ! 
" Lambs . The lambs were screaming ... " 
... " What happened to your lamb , Clarice ? " 
" They killed it . " 
Your getting married ! Go to your profile and look at your friends , no cheating ! 
Person you marry : Ty Orton hahaha oh my . 
Best man : Corey J . Dye yay me !!! 
Person who tries to stop you : Beth Thompson lol !!! 
Wedding crasher : Tirzah Cadicamo yahoo !!!!! 
The priest : Clerissa Elizabeth Salazar oh god hahahaha this'll be great 
The person who ate the cake : Savannah Disbrow I knew it !! 
Wasted and dances with everyone : Amy West uh oh !! no !! 
You never really know what you have until you realize it was never yours to begin with . 
I can't cook , no , but I can clean up the mess she left . 
Bet YOU can't say you just watched a hip replacement surgery . 
Time to start the paper that's due in a little over two hours ! 
my stupid stupid mouth and head and making people mad and saying stupid things :'( 
Do I hear any Marilyn Manson fans out there in my friends list ? 
Truth is , if you watch Cinderella backwards , it's about a woman who learns her place . 
Join the nerds ! We have pi . 
And since I am dead , I can take off my head to recite Shakespearean quotations ! 
i hate the new fb !!! 
I can guarantee that I am the only college student on this campus who's rocking Goth/skull attire while simultaneously rocking out to Alvin and the Chipmunks . 
The best thing about my college campus is that there are pianos !!! big ones !!! shiny ones !! in-tune ones !!!!!!! <3 <3 <3 <3 
My darling , a kiss ; kiss me , I'm leaving . As my body lies here broken and I'm carried to the light- Now my heart is finally open , so just let me die . 
- S.C.A.V.A. 
Bones , you don't need to yell . She's in shock , not deaf . 
It's BROTHER WEEK : If you have a brother who has made you laugh , punched you , stuck up for you , drove you crazy , annoyed you , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you fail , picked you back up , cheered you on , made you strong & is someone you are proud to have in your life . Re-post this if you have a brother you care about . I love you Royce ! <3 
Please do me a favor : Hover over my name here , wait for the box to load and then hover over the " Subscribe " link . Then un-check the " Comments and likes " choice . I would rather my comments on friends ' posts not be made public . Thanks ! Then repost if you don't want your EVERY MOVE posted on the ticker on the right for everyone to see ! :) I'll do the same for you if you want , just click " like . " 
Yes , I'm willingly going to watch football . More than one game at once , in fact . Yes , I think I've gone crazy . Oh dear ... 
Yes , a Hollywood Undead wallet DOES make life better . Thanks for asking . 
On September 31 2011 Facebook will start charging you for your account !! To avoid this , you must get naked , stand on your dining room table , and do the Macarena , all while singing " I will survive " . Then and only then will Mark Zuckerberg come down your chimney to tell you that your account will stay free ... 
No , it's not a good morning , and it most definitely will not be a good day . Effing Mondays . I hate them ! 
keyboard success !!!! <3 I can now play piano in my bedroom . 
I can't believe I just walked out of the house in shorts , knee high socks and running shoes . 
Starting your morning at four only to have to change a tire at five is just a sad start to a day . 
Olive Garden's Never Ending Past Bowl blah blah zzzzzzzzzzzzz I hate commercials 
