thankz po sa greetings nyo ......... 
magkakasakit aku ..... 
" Old friends are the great blessings of one's later years . Half a word conveys one's meaning . They have a memory of the same events , have the same mode of thinking . I have young relations that may grow upon me , for my nature is affectionate , but can they grow To Be old friends . " 

-Horace Walpole 
Always continue being the journey of being a channel of inspiration to every people . Life is not a coincidence . It's an echo of what you invest . 
If I am to speak ten minutes , I need a week for preparation ; if fifteen minutes , three days ; if half an hour , two days ; if an hour , I am ready now . 
- Woodrow Wilson 
Christmas gift suggestions : To your enemy , forgiveness . To an opponent , tolerance . To a friend , your heart . To a customer , service . To all , charity . To every child , a good example . To yourself , respect . - Oren Arnold 
Happy Holidays !!! 
Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work at hand . The sun’s rays do not burn until brought to a focus . 
Alexander Graham Bell 
The world is a dangerous place , not because of those 
who do evil , but because of those who 
look on and do nothing . 
- Albert Einstein 
Stand up for what you think is right . 
2 hours and 55 minutes to go .... 
It is not fair to ask of others what you are unwilling to do yourself . 
- Eleanor Roosevelt 
" If you want happiness for an hour -- take a nap . If you want happiness for a day -- go fishing . If you want happiness for a month -- get married . If you want happiness for a year -- inherit a fortune . If you want happiness for a lifetime -- help someone else . " 
Chinese Proverb 
3yrs old : " Mommy , I love you " . 10yrs old : " Mom whatever ! " 16 yrs old : " My mom is so annoying " ! 18 yrs old : " I wanna leave this house " . 25 yrs old : " Mom , you were right " . 30 yrs old : " I wanna go back to my Mom's house " . 50 yrs old : " I don't wanna lose my Mom " . 70 yrs old : " I would ... give up EVERYTHING for my Mom to be here with me " . You only have 1 Mom . Post this on your wall if you appreciate & love your mom ! 
Carpe diem , quam minimum credula postero ! ( Seize the day , put no trust in tomorrow ) 
- Horace 
antok :-( 
I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge -- myth is more potent than history -- dreams are more powerful than facts -- hope always triumphs over experience -- laughter is the cure for grief -- love is stronger than death . 
- Robert Fulghum 
... morning ... 
Night is the blotting paper for many sorrows . 
~ Author Unknown 
:-( 
goodnews !!! :-) 
Watch your thoughts they become your words 
Watch your words they become your actions 
Watch your actions they become your habits 
Watch your habits they become your character 
Watch your character it becomes your destiny 
i'm done !!! goodluck tomrrow ... [ via Globe SMS ] 
" Men's best successes come after their disappointments . " 
Henry Ward Beecher 
Something that has always puzzled me all my life is why , when I am in special need of help , the good deed is usually done by somebody on whom I have no claim . ~ William Feather 
7 years n pala .... 
if ppoL say sumting bad about u , judge u as if dEy know u , dont get affected . just tink about dis ... 
" d dog doesnt bark if he knows d person .. " . [ via Globe SMS ] 
i dOnt waNna cHaNge mysELf fOr thE eXpEctatiOns Of pEOpLe ArOUnd mE .. 
i dOnt waNna 
act LikE aN inOcEnt persOn just tO say dat i am goOd .. 
waNna knOw why [ via Globe SMS ] 
? 
b'cOz .. itz bettEr tO hAte mE fOr whO i aM .. 
thaN tO LOve mE fOr wht i prEtEnd tO bE .. [ via Globe SMS ] 
