Francesca just kicked me out of bed by yelling at me and walking on me . A rare display of assertivness ! 
The weather forecast predicts a high of 88 today . I am scared ..... 
What a nice laid back weekend ! We had gorgeous weather for the 4th in Everett . Sunday we spent a luxurious long afternoon at Robert's and Sharon's cabin lounging on their heavenly deck gazing out at the Enchantment range . Ahhhh ...... 
It is sunny and cool here ! I think I will take a chair out on my little walkway and read in the sun . 
Bill and I are going to watch the Everett Independence Day parade with Kay this morning . In the evening we are having a family picnic ( Bill , me , Kay , Ford , Audrey ) at Legion Park listening to Bump Kitchen and other bands while we wait for nightfall and fi 
Drum Roll !!! Its Ellie's Birthday !!! YEAH !!!! 
I'm going to the UW Hospital Dental Clinic this morning for an evaluation a #3 tooth that lost its gold crown . No actual work for several months due to danger of dental bacteria migrating to the wound site . 
I had a lovely day out yesterday . We went to the Everett waterfront and listened to a wonderful three piece ensemble play traditionally inspired music from Argentina , Venezuela , and Mexico ; and I walked around the Sunday Market . 
Today Kay Brackin and I drive Bill and Robert DeWolf to Bellingham to catch the Alaska Ferry to Ketchikan . This the first leg of their 21 day kayak trip through Misty Fjords Monument Park and beyond ....... 
A new dishwasher is being delivered today ! Yeah ! 
Kay and I want to see them put the mountain of gear and food into their slim and bouyant kayaks ! 
It is wonderfully cool at work ............... ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
Linda has been busy doing paperwork , but is now going for a long walk to the Library , Post Office and back . 
Is back on the internet . Thanks Carl ! 
I am going to walk to Bartell Drugs and Country Farms and back , about 1 mile each way . 
is getting ready for her work day . 
I am struggling through the Tour de France coverage of Mt Ventoux for Bill . 
Now , I must go do my exercises . 
The doctor congratulated me on making a great recovery ; and warned me to take it easy because it takes the muscles 4-6 weeks to reattach properly . So , I guess I get to watch a few more movies and read another book or two . Thank you all for your good wishe 
I am no longer playing Farm Town or Fashionista . Thanks for being my friends and Neighbors ! 
Bill and I have just won a bid on house ! The house is 1308 sq ft built in 1913 ; 1 story , 2 bedrooms , 1 3/4 baths . It was well maintained with new double paned windows and a new free-standing propane stove in the livingroom . I comes with stove , refrigerator , microwave , washer , and dryer . A sunroom was added in early 2000s . The property is 10,000 + sq ft with a flat sunny yard , 2 yr old garage and storage building . 
was thinking about going to the free folk music concert at the waterfront ; and found her way to videos of Nancy Griffith on utube . Love in the aisles of the " Five and Dime " and " Always Will " are so sweet ! I'm dripping . 
No one should die , go blind or be crippled because they can't affort healthcare . No one should go broke because they get sick . No one should be unable to change jobs because of " pre-existing conditions " If you agree please post this status for the rest of the day . 
Pointless yada yada 1 . What's the last thing you put in your mouth ? edamame 2 . Have you ever kissed anyone named Matthew ? No 3 . Where was your profile picture taken ? Ajax Cafe in Port Hadlock , WA 4 . Who was the last person you rode in a car with under the age of 20 ? KC Brackin ( 13+) 5 . Can you play guitar hero ? Not interested 6 . Last time you walked further than a block ? Tuesday , 8/25 7 . Name someone that made 
says , " It's time for bed . " 
Posted pictures of our new house under photos . Take a look . 
I am off to see my nice , new doctor and then off to work . Life is good . 
loaded everything up to go to the laundry and realized halfway there that Wednesday Bubbles is closed . OMG ! 
Yeah , it is cool again ! 
Tomorrow is the first day of classes . I am rested , relaxed and ready to have more learning fun !!! I'm taking the 6:50 AM bus downtown . GOOD NIGHT ALL ! 
says , " It is time to get busy packing ... Go HOME Team !! " 
is going to spend this lovely end of summer afternoon at the 6th Annual Pony Boy Records Jazz Picnic in Magnuson Park . 
I had trouble sleeping last night ; so many things to think about : school , moving , school , moving ... 
is thinking about her academic and career options . It is time to focus on the specifics of how to get there ; and where there is . 
Now , down to work . Reflective Mission Statement Paper and Mission Statement coming up ! Writer at Work . 
is gathering geographical data on the South Park Community for tommorrow's group presentation . 
is getting busy sorting laundry for a trip to Bubbles Laundrimat ; simply the cleanest , best run laundrimat in the USA . 
I'm off to Gypsy Jazz at the Everett Waterfront !! 
I really like our new place . I feel extremely fortunate . 
We closed on the house today ! 
says , " It's bedtime . Good night computer . Good night Facebook friends . Sleep sweetly ! " 
is dizzy with things to do ; time to make a list ! 
I must get to packing for the move . I have one week before school starts and I need a coach to encourage and direct me through this ; no kidding ! I paid someone to do it last time ; this time I need a volunteer . I am completely serious ! Who wants to help ? 
is waiting for Tim the appliance installation technician to bring a new oven . 
The first day of school was very good and very long . I am off to bed . 
Must sleep now ! 
I made it through another long day at school and on the bus ! Happy to be home . 
Bill and I are going to see The Seattle Symphony with Sha Na Na this evening . 
is getting up early to read " Ecocriticisim , " which is too dense for fun , but interesting . 
We have finally cleaned , as well as , moved everything from the apartment and that garage . I am so tired I have reached the " crying " point . But , now we can focus on organizing the house , which we are really enjoying . Homework , work , cat litter , laundry , huhhh .... 
AMBER ALERT IN OSHAWA , FLORIDA- 3 YEAR OLD GIRL TAKEN BY MAN DRIVING NEWER SILVER TRUCK Ontario Plate # 72B 381 . If all of you reading my status would copy and paste this amber alert into your status , it could potentially save a little girl's life 
Linda is overwhelmed with getting the house organized , has just Francesca proofed the bathroom . 
I am at home and feeling pretty good ! I am able to get around easily with my walker . I do get kind of tired and shakey , so I am up and down . I have lying , sitting , standing , and breathing execises to do 3 times a day . 
The Fall quarter is over ; time to catch up on my sleep and decorate for Christmas ! 
I am putting up outdor decorations for the 1st time . 
Washington residents , please email your representative and the governor to protest ending Basic Health !!! This is a terrible idea that will impact those who are already struggling , including me . 
I found my friend Susie after years of looking thanks to Facebook ! 
After two weeks of temperatures in the teens at night , today and tomorrow we are getting a pretty coating of snow ( 1-3 " ) . Merry Christmas ****** 
I went to my first post-surgery follow-up appointment this afternoon . I easily went down and up the stairs with the handrail and my cane ; and I walked to and from the doctors office and the car using the cane . I'm proud of myself ! 
This is a day we all have made . Enjoy it or make something different . 
says , " I's a rainy , cool weekend here ; so we are staying close to home and enjoying simple pleasures . " 
While Bill is leading a kayak trip in the San Jauns , Linda is reading Amy Tan's Saving Fish From Drowning . 
Bill is of kayaking and I am catching up on my homework ! It is sunny and cool , not raining outside !! 
I sang to my science teacher in my car because I'm cool that way ! 
My mother , Caroline Clarke , passed away at the Life Care Center of Hilo Saturday morning after a long decline from Alzheimer's Disease . May her spirit be free ! 
is headed to school for a long , but rewarding day of classes and commuting . I will stay downtown a little longer to attend an orientation for volunteering with the Friends of Puget Sound as service-learning for my Ecocriticism class . 
Needs a living muse for sculpture project , required by professor . 
Bill and I scheduled to fly to Atlanta for the memorial service for my mother , Caroline Taylor Price Clark , at the end of Spring Quarter . It will be good to be with my family ! 
Linda is embracing her LDs to write the first of 3 papers due this week . It is on dyslexia . 
Congratulations to fans of the New Orleans Saints on their Super Bowl Win !!! 
Today's game - PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence ......... Aurora , Illinois . 
Does anyone have connections in the " voice over " business ? I would like to do an informational interview . 
Winston , my much loved 19 year feline companion , died of heart failure in the early hours of the morning April 19 , 2011 . He will be missed . He is survived by his sister Francesca of the same litter . 
Linda at her 1973 wedding to Peter Tufts with Ellie , Cathy and members of her class of 3 yr . olds from Apple Tree Day School . 
How can I do the least damage and the most good ? 
This morning is full of bird song and the lilacs and NW dogwood are blooming salmon . Beautiful morning ! 
My second day of my final quarter and I am looking forward to painting class . This evening Bill and I will attend Village Theatre's " The Full Monty " in Issaquah . A fun filled day and it is not yet the weekend . Yeah !! 
It is a lovely cool spring day with blue skies and flowers . I finished my 18 hours of service learning for the quarter and can see the end of the quarter in the distance . 
I'm grateful for my friends , Jeremy and Courtney , who fell comfortable asking me for help and give it , as well . 
Happy " Valentine " Birthday Isabella !! 
Kudos to Pratt Fine Art Center ( a resource center ) for the high quality art they support . It was a joy to do service learning there . Thank you Derek Wu for sharing your photos of this Pratt Mural Commission . 
I received my diploma in the mail . I think I will frame it festively rather than traditionally . Maybe I should make into a mobile or something . 
Sending resumes into the ether is like launching them in a bottle from the beach . 
We had a wonderful day at the Woodland Park Zoo with the Birthday Girls , Destiny ( 3 ) and Isabella ( 6 ) . 
