missing all my old friends 
Thankfull that the kids are not reall sick 
got a migrain last night but lucky it wasnt so bad that i had to go to hospital . charlie and david just got done with davids science project . they made an electro magnet 
still got that headache !! just glad its not a migraine , yet !! 
charlie is doing real well with his water therapy . hopefully he can get threw the regular therapy just as good 
Well i hopefully will find out tomorrow about the tumor . Keep having dreams about me being dead or really sick and in the hospital . I hope it isnt a look into the future !! Erin . 
just got back from BMX track . David is starting to get some air when he goes over the hills !! 
Maybe i am finally starting to worry about this thing a little bit . Erin . 
Hey everyone . Dont get upset ya all . It was just my regular MRI that i have to get every year . I was a little worried because my doc . thought it might be growing since i am in early menopause . It hasnt grown or shrunk . It is the same as far as they can tell . Sometimes they can grow so slightly that they dont see it on the MRI . 
Head hurts !! So sick of having a headache !! I wish they would take this tumor out of my head !!! 
Hey all ! My sweet Kyle Matthew is 5yrs old !!! Time really flys by ! Dont forget the b-day party for him this saturday at 330 . My out of town people can come if they need a short vacation . Your more than welcome to stay with us . I know it is highly unlikely but thought i would try !! 
Hey all ! Just liven life one day at a time . 
Cant wait to go to Indiana next week with Linda . We get a minni vacation and hopefully she gets better !!! Erin 
David won 2nd place at the BMX track yesterday !!! 
Erin's MRI went well today . Wont get the results until Mon . or Tues . We will let you all know what they say . 
my back is killing me today . i hope my pain pills kick in soon 
our new puppy is so attached to charlie !!! he followes him everywhere and he is very upset right now cause charlie isnt here . honestly i dont know what he sees in him !!! ha , ha 
i like taking quizzes . since my husband is in love with taylor swift i am thrilled that i am most like her ! 
Could everyone please pray for my sweet Kyle Matthew !!! He has rectal prolapse !! He has to get some tests done and we will find out if he will need surgery !!! 
Well Kyle went to the gastrointerologist today . He got blood drawn to test his thyroid , to test for celiac disease , and for a milk allergy . Then he goes later this month to be tested for cystic fibrosis . These are the main diseases that cause rectal prolapse so they are ruling them out first . Hopefully its none of them and just from him straining . 
back is hurting real bad today . and i am so tired . went to bed at 5am and up again at 9am !! 
Went out the other day with charlie and the kids . we went to the flea market , stoped at a garage sale , and practiced target shooting with hand gun . My 7yr old can shoot it better than i can . He is going to be the next little sure shot !!!! Erin 
My little David won first place in his BMX race !!! His first time winning first !!! He smoked em !!! Ya all shoulda seen me actin like a fool screamin my head off and jumpin up and down !!! I was happy !!! 
wish my back would stop hurting , other than that things are just great 
Dream as if you will live forever , live as if you will die today ! James Dean 
Lord renew me , send your living water to flow threw me . Help me in my weakness . I desperatly need you Lord . I put all my expectations in you Lord ! 
got to spend time with my precious pam and sean . i cant believe how much they are growing . ERIN 
started painting kids room 
Very excited about getting mine and rachels buisness started !!!! 
getting ready for my party . hope you all come !!! 
It seems easier to be God than to love God , easier to control people than to love people . 
God asks noone wether he will accept life , this is not the choice , the only choice you have as you go threw life is how you will live it . The difficulty in life is the choice . 
i almost got the kids room done !!! it is cosmic blue with black trim . looks pretty cool ! i had help from pam , sean , david , and kyle , and my friends kids . 
Lord i come humbly before you and ask you to cleanse my heart of every fault and renew a right spirit withen me ! 
God grant me courage and hope for everyday , faith to guide me along the way , understanding and wisdom too , and grace to accept what life gives me to do . 
Got Kyles test results and it turns out that he has a milk allergy . So no more dairy products for us . 
trying to keep from getting a migraine . need a good massage . 
David won 3rd place at the BMX track !!!! 
feeling sick to my stomach ! hope i dont have the flue or something . i dont have time to be sick 
I am over two weeks smoke free now !!!!!!! Next goal is to lose about 50 pounds !!! I am thinking about doing BMX racing with my son . Charlie seems to think i will break my neck . Not sure if my back can handl it or my knee but i am going to give it a try(or my ankles) !! 
Gotta go chace down my dogs cause they ran off !!!! Gonna choke em !!!! Not fun being out at this time in dayton !!! 
Well i got in a car accident the other day !!! Was distracted with the kids and rearended somebody then somebody rearended me and then they got rearended !!! Of course i got a ticket and the insurance is going to go up . But thank God no one was hurt !!! 
I have been sick with bronchitis for almost 2 weeks and still not over it !! I finally quit smoking for good this time !!! I would like to be able to breath !!! 
still gonna be fighting this pnumonia for a while . it started in my left lung and it has moved to my right lung . 
I have been fighting pnumonia for about two weeks now . It sucks !!! I never new how painful it can be . 
Charlie bought one of those cig machine things to help him quit smoking !!! I am so proud of him !!! We are going to get in shape together . As soon as i feel better ! 
Well i finally got rid of pnumonia . Trying to get in shape but everytime i turn around something happens . Now i cant move much cause of this burn on my leg . Every move i make hurts !!! 
everyone pray that i make the right descision hear in a few days about something important that i want to keep private for the time being 
was going to give my kidney to this lady in virgina but my blood pressure is too high for surgery . pray that i can get it down . also my husbands aunt needs a liver . was going to give her part of mine if im a match . gotta get blood pressure under control 
blood pressure still between125 to 160 over 105 even with my meds ! gotta go back to doc and get an increase of meds . yippy ! 
my poor charlie is in severe pain witha sinus and ear infection 
Thank you all sooooo much for the happy biryhdays !!!! It made my day !!! 
took kids to the dentist and got away with no cavaties !!!! Its a miracle !!!! 
everyone pray for charlies mom please . she is in the hospital again . she is very sick !! 
