Harry Potter !!!!! who else is going at midnight !!!???? 
Yaaaaaaay i finally got a facebook !!!!!!!! 
Good luck on your first day of school everyone who goes to patton or LHS !!!! 
We are going camping for a couple weeks ( so no internet ) = C 
Ack !! First Day of School Tomorrow !!!! Im So Nervous !! 
I miss you guys > ; !!!!! 
is getting braces in an hour ! 
OWOWOWOWOWOW !!!! 
Braces Are Exrutiating(SP ? ) !!!!!!! DX 
is bored !!!! have to baby sit in like two hours !!! l ; 
I got to stay home becuse i had a really big headache !! : C but now i get to go eat top ramen !!! yummm ! 
Im SOOOO SAD !!!! I cant adopt my own turkey i found in Farmville !!!!!!! 
Merry first day of the twelve days of Christmas !!! 
I lost my voice : . C 
we dont have any snow here : C !!!! 
i have bronchitis !! 
I have to go to the bathroom really badly but i dont really want to get up :( 
My DORKY sis highjacked my account and changed my proflie pic .!!!!!!!! HAHAHAHA i will get her back though : J ............... 
I am wearing my baggy sweats and i am feelin pretty darn gangster ! YO ! 
Merry Christmas ! Im gonna get a phone tomorrow !!! XD 
Ugh got spacers today ! and going over to my aunt and uncles lake cabin for the oyster fest in shelton even though i hate sea food !! it should still be fun to hang out with my cousins ! 
listenin to classical music : J 
HAPPY ALMOST VALENTINES DAY !!! 
hahahahahaha i have a note stuck to my forehead :D !!! so i dont forget that my sistars friend called !! XD 
Happy Valentines Day !!!! <3<3 
I LOVE rascal flatts !!! 
EWW !! i just saw a mosquito outside . grossDX 
just did my nails !!! took a long time but o well !!! now their prettyful X ) 
I GOT A KITTEN !!!!!! XD 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KENZIE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! XD 
My mouth HURTS !!!!! - braces got tightenedX( !! 
House is a really good show ! 
has anyone seen i am number four yet ?? 
I just made chocolate cake and it is GOOOD !! :) 
I am number four ..... FREAKIN AWESOME !!! And alex pettyfer is my new favorite person in the whole world ! XD 
I kind of HATE american idol now !! They cut JC !!! I LOVE HIM !! he was my favorite D'= 
Red paint on ur face is fun and pretty !!! :) 
Yay ! More snow :) ! 
Blueberry Pineapple and Strawberry ....... BLUEAPPERRY !!!!! 
There was a Northern Mexican state of Chihuahua ! 
Haha ! i see a popo !!! ( good old deutsch :) 
King Kong is an extremely tragic movie . It made me cry :( 
Michael Buble ....... i freakin love you 
Is still doing homework :P 
Awww kurt and blane are so cute !! 
Ich liebe meine grosse schwartze katze :) ! 
Bowling is definitely not a good sport for me ...... 
Hmm .... i just saw the movie suckerpunch and i think that i really liked it ! Except i am soo confused on how most of the things in the movie happened ... 
I love the movie Adam ! So tragic though :( ..... 
Mmmmm i love girl scout cookies :) 
Ughh i almost just threw up watching the halloween episode of tosh . 0 D: ! 
heading out to go to bingo night !! :) i hope im not too lonely at the concession stand all alone :( * cough cough lexi and kari * 
" A homosexual cannot create a baby using trickery and the internet . " -Saturday Night Live :) 
Mmm cold stone :) !! 
It is almost May ...... and there are three inch snowflakes completely obscuring all of the newly grown green grass :( thanks washington 
I really dislike long car rides . My mom is trying to be cool so shes singing Friday by rebecca black . Someone please save me . 
I love subs :) right now were just watching ellen in honors :) 
" Ich schlafe mit meinem freund " ..... ohh deutsch klasse ! Ich liebe es !! 
I feel more than a little gay going to the movies with only kari ..... 
i think i failed the lord of the flies essay ....... 
I just caught a frog in biology :D my life is complete ! 
Mmmm i am very happy with starbucks happy hour :D 
 ? ìKari and i were dancing super crazily\awesomely in the car and we turned around and the family in the car behind us was laughing and mocking our dance m 
 ? ìoves .... it was extremely embarassing :) 
" I have an incest tooth " - unknown but known source 
Foam party tonight at the lincoln center . I cant go though because im on a camping trip :P ( and im too young but who cares ) ..... i am so pissed right now 
Whoooo !!! Go sophmores !! :D 
Ahhh i love my mom ! :D 
" Is your father a butcher ? Because you look like a sausage in that outfit " -Mom 
ohh my ..... 
YESS !!! I just got a fifteen foot trampoline for my birthday !! XD im so happy !! 
Ahh i love german ! Frau mai just showed us a 5 minute video of skateboard accidents :D 
Car crash by the ymca :( hope they're okay :( it looked pretty bad 
Yes ! Finals are DONE !!! :D 
8 3/4 inches :/ 
YES !! Joel finally forgave me :D im so happy right now !! 
last school night as a freshman !! 
YES !! We are now SOPHOMORES !!!! XD 
Gosh i freaking love Kari Hjeltness she always saves my butt !!! :) 
Summer's pretty awesome so far ! first was katies party :) and second was the perry initiative :) 
aww i love cuddly kittens :S 
Awww ! Just saw two baby fawns !!! They were like a foot high and all wobbly and adorable !!! XD 
Just saved a butterfly :D 
Just had the CRAZIEST dream !!! 
the entire family is belting out high school musical ........ :D 
My schedule as of now ! 
Period 1 : Trig Shuerman 
Period 2 : Chemistry Morris 
Period 3 : Honors Ellerd 
Period 4 : AP Euro Thomas 
Period 5 : Human Body Systems Epperson 
Period 6 : German 2 ? 
You're alone at a strip club ... use the first seven people on your friends list in your profile ! Do NOT CHEAT 

The pole dancer : Katie Saccomanno 
Bartender : Layna Elder 
Person who tries to get you drunk : Jacqueline Chevez Simonis 
... Your wing man/woman : David French 
Hottest person in the room : Launi Mega 
Drunk person in the corner : Lexi Budge 
Person that gets arrested : Carlee C-Dawg Mason 
Soooo we just got mooned ..... :D 
Hahaha ! It just took me about 15 minutes to discover where the status button was .... 
Ohhh saturday night live ......... :) 
LOVIN SPRING BREAK !!!!! 
Haha i just saw two mackaws inside of a car at red robin !!! 
I GOT THIS RECYCLIN BOX WHERE MY TRASHCAN USED 2 B !!!! hahahahaha good times :) 
UHHHHH high school registration tomorrow !!! im soo nervous !! i have to have all of my classes chosen by tomorrow too !!!! 
DANG !!! i missed earth hour last night !!!! XC 
I hijacked anni's account and is now fraternizing with her friends - love her OLDER , shorter sister , lexi 
Mmmm spicy nacho doritos are really good :) 
I think that the Princess Bride is the most confusing book i have ever read 
Ohhh Glee :) i love you ! 
its so cool that you can change what type of english is on here !!! 
Ughh monday :P 
Its SO CONFUSING how the packers and the steelers BOTH have yellow pants/tights 
just dance i think is one of the best games ever invented ! 
The Roommate was a sucky , messed up , kitten killing movie and it sucked and you should go see another movie instead 
ARRGG i hate studying for finals with a fiery passion :P 
Killing zombies is stessful . Making mocha's is disgusting . And soggy pizza is super gross ! 
