Day30 of the P90x lean rutine and i still feel patheticaly usless at most of it . oh well , no choice but to Bring it ! 
12cm kaip miela , papildoma bamba :) 
Heroism on command , senseless violence , and all the loathsome nonsense that goes by the name of patriotism – how passionately I hate them ! 
( ????? ???? ) 
Ahh kaip gera issimaudit vonioj po kvapnios fermos n_n 
So it begins . . . 
" you can't go were it isn't there " - Confucius :)) 
Stop being who you were , and change into who you are . 
kas norit i kina ar bet kur ? eisiu ir i pasaulio krasta jei tik ten bus i ka paziuret ar nuveikt :)) 
i feel like an old condom :/ 
when im gonna be old and gray ill persue young boys just for kiks :)) 
by the time my light reaches you i'll be gone 
aww hello sholders and arms x , i missed you over the week ^^ <3 cant wait for my pull up bar to come in xD 
“Clarkson : why do you eat outside ? 
Aussies : because the weather is lovely 
Clarkson : Why don’t you sit in air conditioning ? 
Richard : because there houses are DISGUSTING ! ” 
You have nooo idea how 100% on the nose , bulls eye , right on the money this is !!!!! there houses are the tackiest things in the world , favelas in Brazil look better ! 
Rocking out to " dont worry be happy " in the bath ! It works ! 
Happy new year everyone :) u have just a cople of hrs to come up with the new years resolution and finish the old one :) 
I believe that when we look for love courageously , it reveals itself , 
and we attract even more love . If one person really wants us , everyone 
does . But if we’re alone , we become even more alone . Life is strange ... 
fucking hell 
O great , i is sick :( 
are we our parents dream reflection ? 
When I’m good I’m very , very good , but when I’m bad , I’m better . 
Aaahhh now im nervouse :s why now ? Why not right b4 the exam >_< 
i scream , we all scream for ice-cream for brekfast ! :D yum , dreams come true :D 
Viskas 
kas mus supa - tai visuotinis troskimas . O troskimai niekada nebuna 
patenkinami . 
Internet I love our parasocial relationship :) 
read a status realize ur a coward . 
The main thing is to keep the main thing , the main thing . 
That was weird . . . 
happy birthday mom ! < :) 
Best phone seks i ever had ;) tnx u lori ;)) 
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do . 
WE are so bronze right now it hurts so good :) 
baaaa 
Kenpo x , my fave ! <3 
I've not failed , I just found 10,000 ways that don't work . 
Mes visus laimesim :)) 
Dirty mind in a jar 
I dislike murder ! Stop it now or im gonna make a page against it ! 
Core synergistics , it covers it all ! 
eh ... w/e :) 
do you have a flying apparatus ? No ? really ? then why is the broom rubbed off in the middle and your underpants in splinters ? 
i can barely walk after legs & back , it hurts so good :)) 
P90x rocks ! 30 days to go till the start of insanity+ bbl . Bring it ! 
Is it ok to change x strech to plyometrics ? :3 
Have a great first day and every day of spring everyone !! 
I GOT FREE PORN ! bird porn ! i saw 2 pigeons mate alto the sex part lasted for 2 seconds the girl was trying to calm her mate down probably by saying that " it could happen to anyone " what we all know dost work ... i caught myself thinking is this the most sex im gonna see this spring ? :s and that what worries me .... 
Blueberry ( melyne ) 
where do i get that movie about that guy who played in that other movie ? 
There is no hot water T_T 
???????????? - ???????? ??? ?????????????????? ?????????? 
Oh yeah baby ! Im celebraiting tonight with legs & back x , its not in the program & i miss it <3 
pray for Japan 
My thoughts are with Japan : " Each of the rain drops has a tale to tell 
about the sorrows of people 
about the hardships living things go through 
about the arrival of sparrows . " 
* Yawn * x¤ZzZz 
oh yeah happy murder of the priests named Valentine .... day 
watching " The Big Tits Dragon : Hot Spring Zombies vs Strippers 5 " xDDDDD 
ahh ranting , really calms me down even if it just on paper ^^ 
LMAO Geriausias Italishkas pienas : Alta qualita , ALTA !! Stampu kokie 4 parodantys jos kokybe ir geruma . kaina nerealy 200ml pakelis 1euras . BET ant pakuotes nera parasyta nei energingumas , nei baltymu , riebalu kiekis , pieno skonio neaptikta . bet uztat ant pakuotes yra grazus pasakojimas apie pieno pasterizavima pagal visus istatymus ir paemimas is karviu tesioginiu budu xD 
Switzerland was super freezing ! >.< 
What a party , i realy needed this & a cuple dusen eggs after that 
" I've learned that people will forget what you said , people will forget what you did , but people will never forget how you made them feel . " ~ Maya Angelou 
“I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it” 
Wikileaks has so many plots for bad movies . Is that what that site is 4 ? 
24 is the new 23 :) 
Sunshine ! the bell tower just striked 9.30 , im going out :) woho 
'' Live with no regrets and love with no excuses''- Paulo Coelho 
Jus zmones turit tokia lakia vaizduote kad ji jau seniai isgaravo ... 
Im sooo stuffed ! if i was a turky no fillin would be necesary x )) 
As tai padariau ! >:D 
Nothing is completely wrong . Even a broken watch is right twice a day . 
Success is sweet : the sweeter if long delayed and attained through manifold struggles and defeats . 
FIFA 2018 in Russia , In YOUR FACE world :)) 
Wakarieniauti kai priesais tawe sedi Sabonis ir pastebeti ji tiktai kai jis iseinai . . . Mano kasdienybe xD 
Linksnu sventu kaledu visiems !!! Linksmai sutikit Naujus balto kiskio metus !! < :) 
i want it Hot ! Weather wise :/ 
Zmones , ka galima nuveik pektadienio diena/vakara kad neiseit is proto ? 
who's up for a good snow ball fight and then a quick stop at the emergency room for limb amputation :) wohoo -17C baby yeah xD 
