Old navy having jeans sale $15 adults 10 kids sun and mon 
Per my weight ! I know recall all the things I hate about being thin : swimsuits have no room for tits , jeans have no crotches , no one takes you seriously about how much meds you need ( well , they don't always do that when ur fat either , but they're more likely to ) , and men don't just look at you they ogle you like they want to start licking you right there in the middle of aisle 7 . UGH . 
Okay so b/c of that stupid medicine I had to get some teeth pulled on Friday ... I'm just getting around to where I can talk and don't need an ice pack every second of every day . I can easily say that it was worse that labour ! Some of the teeth roots that came out were almost an inch long ! I kept a couple , I'll have to take some pics this weekend . The worst of it is , he didn't even finish ! 
I know I have fought an kicked and screamed for a long time against any use of such devices as facebook and myspace and so on and so forth . I refuse to maintain relationships through things such as this , but I will keep a page up jic . And I promise I'll get SES to take a current photo of me so you guys can see my ' weight ' progess . 
But both the dog and the girl got haircuts this weekend ! Phew wee ! See SOME of the happier moments this weekend in the photos . 
Da dum DUMB ! Now he's going to stir the pot known as our edu system and make a bad thing worse . Ugh ! 
On the up side if you want a fab way to quit smoking go have 3 teeth pulled . You aren't allowed to smoke for 3 days anyway . Put on the nicotine patch b4 you leave for the dentist . On the 4th day tell yourself , I did it for 3 days I can do it for 4 , and so on . I'm up to 7 days and as I've been more concerned that the only part of my body that doesn't hurt is my hair , it's not been too difficult ! 
But if we walk in the light as He is in the light , we have fellowship with one another , and the blood of Jesus Christ His Son cleanses us from all sin . If we say that we have no sin , we deceive ourselves , and the truth is not in us . http://bible.us/1John1.7.NKJV 
Just watched this week's Harry's Law , it is a fantastic new show on nbc , esp if you like kathy bates and lawyer shows 
And it turns out that I got dry socket even though I didn't do anything wrong ! I just happen to have roots that are almost an inch long and it is terribly difficult NOT to get dry socket that way . But the dentist said I had already suffered through the worst of it , so he doesn't want to pack it . 
We are under winter weather advisory here with 20/30% snow flurries all day , 60% starting at 6pm ... We leave the UK for warmer pastures and this is what we get ? 
Getting needles poked in my neck Thursday afternoon ... Please pray that it works ! 
If you like the effiency of the post office , the competence of fema , and the compassion of the irs , you'll love the national health care bill . -Ted Poe 
Going to try to spend time with my mom , friend this wkend . Been cleaning this house for days ! Cleaned/org'd garage of Oma's storage , then cleaned her bathroom 
Made it through Sobotik Christmas today and to grandmas I go 
Finally cleaned/org'd her room , need to hang a few things up b4 I'm done :) not long . Talk bout not long , monday I will be spending in the labor & delivery room 
Monday night fentanyl patch came off , figured it out 12hrs later after I'd been desperatly ill and in pain all day . 
It's officially snowing ! Not enough light to show our wee half inch so far but that was enough to close down all the roads bc underneath is a sheet of black ice 
Say hip hooray ! We set up the phone today ! Got the LG Optimus and DH added me to his plan . Yippee ! :) 
spent nearly 6 hrs at the mall , but I'm almost done w/ xmas shopping ! I don't know how I ended up so late this yr ... 
PLEASE PRAY FOR MY SISTERS LABOR AND DELIVERY MOMDAY , GOING INTO TUESDAY , THANK YOU 
and thank you mo for helping me to feel crazier than before ! other then the insane/cannibal parts it's pretty flattering , though .... right ? :) 
Would you believe I went to the neurosurgeon today and he said that there was absolutely nothing wrong with my back ! So I say , then what on earth am I on all these narcotics for ? 
Not sure if my sis is ready , but if Brandin is coming out , shes gonna have to step up to the plate . I'm supposed to deliver w her mon/tues a boy named Brandin . 
You all know the difficulties I face every day with my disabilities . I've been studying this Joseph Prince devotional I found on an app in my phone . Anyway , today's entry had me crying like a school girl , and I'm not much of a crier . Maybe it's encouraging words will help you or someone close to you . Oo http://bible.us/r/S.D.5t 
PROOF THAT LAWYERS HAVE ALWAYS BEEN REVILED :) Then one of the lawyers answered and said to Him , “Teacher , by saying these things You reproach us also . ” And He said , “Woe to you also , lawyers ! For you load men with burdens hard to bear , and you yourselves do not touch the burdens with one of your fingers . Woe to you ! For you build the tombs of the prophets , and your fathers killed http://bible.us/Luke11.45.NKJV 
We found two red eared slider turtles ( well , terrapins ) on a nature hike and brought them home and put them in a community fish tank ... now I'm wishin and hopin that they'll realize those little nuggets are their food ! 
Twenty degrees !! 
I hate allergies ! mold count here is not low , med , or high ... it's Heavy ! and I feel like my throat has fingernails ! 
We'll start school again tomorrow , can't believe I miss it 
The White Stripes have broken up :( 
Believe it or not , I'm actually having a nice Christmas at the in-laws . I hope you all are having a blessed day ! 
HB 548 makes posses . up to 1oz a class c w no jail and up to $500 . Voting soon in TX , I'm so excited ! 
If shopping were jogging I'd be right fit ! ;) 
Once again somehow blown my sleep cycle , at least giving me time to read and dream about 40 cloves o garlic chicken , can't wait to try the classic french recipe 
Just started a new devotional that is super good , so you'll hear of itagain . It's by Joseph Prince and is about receiving the grace of God & it was on my phone 
Saw an interview with Kyra Sedwick that she's going to quit The Closer ... wtf ?! What the hell is she thinking ?? She said that she'd just made two films , so , who knows ... 
On Hawaii Five-O this week Vanessa Minnilo and Nick Lashae guest starred . While I found her believable but not good , he was absolutely awful ! 
DH called a contractor today to get a quote to make a walk in shower downstairs ! Yea ! Party in the shower ! 
Did Matthew Perry always look like Beavis ? Or is this a new thing for mr. sunshine ? 
Takes a long time to feel better , the weather here has been under 40 during the day , 30 at night , this equals exceptional pain . Just haven't been doing too well 
Yesterday's devo starts out by saying not to ask yourself if you have faith to be healed . In doing this you are exhibiting you do not , rather rest in completed works of Jesus Christ . Hit the spot , but then again this entire devo has really been doing it for me and likely would for anyone with infirmities . Lots of tears , but lots of encouragement . Looking fwd to the day my miracle happens . <3 http://bible.us/r/S.O.5t 
Your fbi at work , can u believe that , over 110 ? 
Definition of frittata from Dictionary.com - type of omelet resembling a large pancake and containing vegetables , seasonings , and often ricotta , Parmesan , or other cheese . - http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/frittata 
Thanking my Almighty Lord tonight ! Have been wishing for a cookie for two hours and just found leftover dough in fridge ! Yes !!! 
So I was filling out this form to see the rheumatologist and DH and I did the math . I lost seventy lbs in one year ! Yeesh ! 
The bathroom was grouted and the fixture put in , but there is still a little bit of work to do ... supposed to be COMPLETELY finished , able to be showered in this weekend . Yea ! 
So we might finally move out of the pot dark ages ! Still feeling bad today , have hope for tomorrow 
Been super sick the last few days , won't gross out with all the deets , but feeling better today . Now I have the job of not screwing that up ! Lots to catch up on ! 
Everyone who has ever learned God helps those who help themselves needs to read this ! http://bible.us/r/S.d.5t 
Just won $ 67,550 on " wheels to riches " android game while players 2 & 3 had scores of the big 00 ! Go me ! :o ) maybe I need to try a harder setting ... 
Cannot wait to see my sister !!! I only wish BOTH my sisters were coming to see me ! 
Wish every day could be like today ... 
Been awful quiet and dull without my sister today . Getting really tired of this long distance family bs 
Gave another beat down to my " wheel of fortune " competition . This time them : 0 , me : $111 , 050 :o ) heehee it's so gratifying to whip up on a computer ! 
The devo today was exactly what I needed , likely it's what you need too . Today's devo is about God's amazing power to do anything . Ask and you shall receive , knock and the door will open , no problem is too big or too small for God , the only requirement is your faith . Faith is the belief in something yet to be seen . Oo 
Here's the devo : http://bible.us/r/S.u.5t 
Surely He has borne our griefs 
And carried our sorrows ; 
Yet we esteemed Him stricken , 
Smitten by God , and afflicted . 

How could I not have noticed this before ? It's so simple ! Christ died on the cross for our sins , saving us from our transgressions , from our illnesses , our pain , our finances , and basically burden period . So SURELY He has also paid for MY illness and pain , and SURELY http://bible.us/Isa53.4.NKJV 
Super not happy with wee email app on phone , apparently hasn't been sending any of the messages I've thought I'd emailed . Very uncool ! }: o ( grrr 
So often I cannot comment with something I've shared via the phone , dunno why , but irritating ! 
bought a new bedspread for me , DH can't steal it ! and two new pillows . I couldn't believe it when it said these stupid pillows had a five yr warranty-five years ! It's one of the reasons I got these particular ones . The last round of pillow lasted one yr per pillow ( not good enough for fifty dollars ) so if I can get five years out of sixty dollars I'll be super happy ! Well , I'm going to get off to the land of Nod ... 
So upset my stomach decided to join me ... please pray for our family today but particularly my sister and her baby as they are in need of many blessings today ! 
And as usual , the devo was spot on today . You'd think it was specially engineered for my life or something ;) http://bible.us/r/S.15.5t 
Yummy mummy ! 
Thank you all for your continued support and prayers ! Much love to you all Oo 
Today's devo was once again well needed and appreciated . Here's the link if interested . Oo http://bible.us/r/S.16.5t 
Thank you , thank you Lord for speaking to me through this devotional again and again . This days brought so much encouragement and I'm praying I'll be able to share it w megan soon . http://bible.us/r/S.17.5t 
I have never lived an unloved moment in my life ( Max Lucado ) 
For anyone who's ever heard me rave about pastor lino , it's www.faithfbc.com and they also gave a fb page , listen to his audio ! It's worth your time ! 
Tomorrow is a huge & stressful day in terms of what is going to happen next . We can only put our trust in God and pray for the best outcome . Now how to sleep ... 
Not a fun day , 8+ hrs @ courthouse , go back in 6 wks for rnd 2 
Got home today , unfortunately w/o sisters accompanment , but will have to deal . On better note brought back enough plants to start a nursery thanks to nan ! Yea ! 
Need to stop writing things in middle of night when inhibitions might be EVEN lower than usual and likelihood of putting my foot in my mouth nearly absolute ! 
There are 4 steps 2 accomplishment : plan purposefully , prepare prayerfully , proceed positively , pursue persistently . ( author unk ) 
Many times we talk about the crucifixion , but this devo discusses the resurrection . I'm always happy to learn something new and Mr. Joseph Prince seems happy to constantly pare it out . Thank you God for keeping me on track :) Also started reading " What's it like to be married to me and other dangerous questions " by Linda Dillow this week but as I've been sick I've gotten a slow start . More http://bible.us/r/S.1K.5t 
Saw a perfect quote today , it said , Be the kind of woman that when your feet hit the ground each morning the devil says ' Oh crap , she's up!' Awesome ! :D 
when I was a kid I thought God was keeping track of every little thing I did wrong and when I was judged would play it back to me in succession . As an adult I know that to be wholly untrue and cannot begin to say how incredibly freeing this is ! I'm going to choose to forget my sins right along with God and I hope you forget them too :) http://bible.us/r/S.1O.5t 
Apparently my 10 yr hs reunion is in Oct . Would honestly rather go to DH's as I knew ppl I went to hs w 4y & the ppl he went w the previous 13y . We shall see ... 
