were we supposed to type the Voices poem ? 
In cali d : 
We war so that we live in peace . Someone explain to me how that works ... 
finally accepted the 8 friend requests . Evidence that I don't hate you ahaha . 
I'm not a big fan of Taylor Swift , but my heart just broke when Kanye interrupted her speech . She was so happy 
contemplating whether to add an old buddy that is constantly popping up into the suggestions ... will they remember me ? hmmm .... [: 
I need a non-lame nickname :P Katie is the most boring name ever . haha . Don't deny it >:D 
text/call ( preferably text ) me [: 208-284-9044 
i make the most awkward typos ever D: 
is ticked off . Bring Me the Horizon , a UK band that has been touring in Europe for a really long time is performing in Boise tomorrow . And guess who's not going ... me . Yeah . Oliver Sykes and I can't get married now ]: ( i'm a bit obsessed with that band ) 
likes dinosaurs :D 
waiting for the VMA's . I hate cableone sometimes /:< 
Therapy by All Time Low . Possibly one of my new favorites songs . very poetic and deep . check eet ouuuttt . :D 
Watching FlappyJackkkkk :D 
The whole Ms. Beach thing is so sickening to me . I've talked to her before . I've lost so much respect for certain people . 
My brother always cracks me up . He was just explaining to me how " a t-rex is 500 pounds tall " hahahhah 
no homework . yay :D 
you could , cause you can , so you do [: 
Breathe Carolina <3 
May I kindly exchange for something more ... ahem ... useful , dear parents ? 
I met a man of 2 feet tall . This man was quite ambitious in a world that is so vicious to us all . I said , " Hi ! " As he replied he said , " Listen to these words that I have lived by my whole life . You're only as tall as your heart will make you be . You're only as small as the world will make you seem . And when the going gets rough and you feel like you may fall , just look on the Bright Side . You're roughly 6 feet tall ! " 
Wow . This week felt so long , I feel as if I don't even remember last weekend *_* 
10 days til Owl City and The Scene Aesthetic with Maddie [: and 21 Day til B-day D: 
saltomaphobic @_@ 
" MOM ! Just because we're friends on facebook doesn't mean you can write ' i love you ' all over my wall . " ROFL 
Flu shots today -.- I'm TERRIFIED of doctors and needles . ]''''''''''''''''''': 
bleh . 
I just got Breathe Carolina's new CD . AH-MAYZ-ING ! And I was talking to my dad about losing my iPod and he told me he'll find an iPhone 3g s for less money on craiglist ! I'M GETTING AN IPHONE :D 
bored . 
life is good /: 
Bleh . Someone was irresponsible and needs to know what to put on the bill of rights poster .... hehe . Help ? 
" She's dancing with the stars . Livin in the sky with diamonds ... " [ : Even after napping for 4 hours , I'm freakishly tired . Night [[: 
im getting a haircut . ( im only making subtle changes , so dont look for differences at school :D ) 
Just finished my poster [: It's kinda plain , but I think it's alright , I'll add some stars or something . 
" I crept into your room as you slept .. " Jeffree Star makes creepy things sound good . ahahahhh . 
bored out of my mind . Text me . 284-9044 
new pictures :P they look funnayyyy :DDDDDDD 
going to the park to harass little kids for candy ! I kid , I kid . But I'm going to the park with Brayden and Tarryn . The twins . DUN DUN DUUUN . 
Concerts I wish to attend for the rest of the year [: 1 . Mayday Parade on Oct 7 2 . Owl City on oct 12 3 . Eyes Set to Kill oct 31 ( 8 days after my b-day and halloween :D ) 4 . All Time Low Novmber 17 ( I would KILL to see this !!!! ) 
Headache -.- 
:D Enjoying no schooliness [: Going to see Owl City with Maddie tomorrow [: 
the roof of my mouth is bleeding . 
Just saw Where the Wild Things Are . It was fun , but they did a horrible job expanding the story . He rips the freakin chicken's arm out ! :P 
OhEmGee . I'm talking to Shayne Orok <3 !!!!!!!!!!! 
Not that I'm not happy for some musicians , I hate it when myspace artists go mainstream . \: 
What Beyonce did for Taylor was amazing <3 The VMA's were incredible !!!!! P ! nk sang flawlessly UPSIDE DOWN . And Lady GaGa is always amazing :D 
slept for almost 3 hours . now i hafta do my homework . oh joy |:< 
Hello , Seattle . I am a mountaineer in the hills and highlands . I fall asleep in hospital parking lots and awake in your mouth [: Best Owl City song ever . Fireflies is overrated [[: 
I think Samantha Flores hates me , and she won't even tell me why . /: 
get up , get up to get down , get down :D 
5:39 AM . I thought I'd be asleep by now , but I'm not . 
" Fold your hands , child . Walk straight now . Go on , take your best shot . They could never find our secret hiding spot where we play all day . We'll go on and on anyway " :D 
Up at 2:30 ... watched Andrew Bisante make pizza pockets ... I don't really know ... 
What IS on my mind ? 
Is it just me , or are afternoons without homework insanely boring to the max ? Anyways , going to bed :P I have nothing better to do besides being hunched over the computer , killing my brain cells . Night . See most of you at school tomorrow . I AM A ( WO)MAN ! xD 
" she's dancing alone . I'm ready to go , but she's so lost in stereo . " Going to wait for the VMA's to come on . Text me . Goodnight . 
I was just crying like someone died for no explained reason . Seriously , WHAT THE HECK ? 
Everyone remember this : I predict that the next Lady Gaga song that will be played on the radio will be Starstruck [: 
Gabe Saporta+Victoria Asher = GabeAsher <3 ROFL . It's an inside joke with Stevie and Anthony L and people xDDDDDDDDDDDDD 
I wanna see Paranormal Activity :DDD 
I'd like to point something out -- If we never had that whole Loyalist-Partiot thing , and were all loyal to the king , we wouldn't have Barack Obama and would have awesome Bri'ish accents [[: 
I just made brownies :D I don't remember the details , but remember in 7th grade , someone said something about heart shaped brownies ? 
my brother was Buzz Lightyear . Now , he's Joker . lol xD 
This pathetic excuse for a town ... 
FO YO IN-FO-MAY-SHON , DEESS EESS SEEKSS DALLAH ! =.= 
Printing out Owl City Sheet music :P 
I'm straight up ticked off . I don't mean to be disrespectful or anything , but Maddie did not contribute AT ALL to the science project . I have to take full responsibility for it . To be honest , I don't want her to get a grade on what I did . I have been raging mad this entire weekend . Tell me I'm overreacting /: 
Poopy Facebook video wouldn't allow vids over 2 minutes , so I had to make a freakin youtube account /: 
I have some useful information : Printers are junk when they don't have ink . /: 
With a shiny new beginning , we cordially invite into the dressing room . anyways , good morning [: 
Uploaded it to Youtube :D http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4LWcI4ToEz4 
Anddd ... I'm getting off the computer for the night [: Thanks Kara for your help on the poster stuff [[[: I miss my brother who's in California . I can't wait for the concert on Monday . I hope tomorrow goes by fast ! :D 
For those people who I'm poke-warring with , I surrender D: 
GOODNIGHT <3 
My dad and brother are coming home today :P [: 
I want to get out of Compass NOW . I'm just sick of it . No offense to the people . I just dislike Compass in general . I'm sorry . 
Ok , Anna and Maddie are my moms , Braden is my brother , and Hayley is my twin ? lmbo xD 
I just ran into a door .... and it was wide open . How does that work ? 
New Moon TONIGHTTTT {: 
getting off tonight [[: much lovex3 
I understand it almost 1 PM , but good morning O_O 
If this was Myspace , my mood section would say , " Inspired " with a happy face . Now Ima update my Myspace status and draw :D 
We can email the brochure to the science teacher , right ??? O: 
I emailed it anyway ... plus , I managed to get onto the computer [[: 
The Owl City concert on Monday was incredible ! The Scene Aesthetic was my fav , but Owl City was the best <3 Picture ASAP :D 
HALLO FRANDS OF FACEBOOK :D Add my friend Destiny Taylor :DD . She only has 2 friends on facebook and just moved to Idaho from TX . I promise she's no creeper . HAHA ! 
I just made an awesome tombstone thingy for halloween :D 
you cant hug with nuclear arms . [: 
Smile , kid . 
I'm eating a Reeses Pieces cookie and listening to Bring Me the Horizon . It's funny how BMTH makes me so happy [[: 
Have you guys heard about that 15 year old who killed a 9 year old ? She looks like my friend Demi D: 
I feel blah /: 
IM NOT CHO BOYFRAND BABAY !!! ( that's cuz ima girl xD ) 3OH ! 3 :{ D 
can't sleep . talking to random internet people . makes me feel dangerous >:] 
going to dinner soon . O: for mom's b-day :] 
AMA's tonight :D 
What do you say we leave for California ? If we drive all night , we'll be there by the morning . [: 
DesTuhNee ! :D " THERE'S LIKE A SPARKLE IN MY EYE . AND I'M NOT SAYING THAT CUZ IM COCKY . I MEAN LITERALLLLLYYYYYY ! " ROFL I love you girly xD 
Black Friday was funnn [: We went to Wal-Mart and bought a bunch of Wii games then to the mall where I got lotsa clothes including Nevershoutnever ! and Owl City t-shirts :3 
Found my iPod touch . It was under my mattress since September . How could I not look there ?! O_O 
ohemgee i havent been on the internet in so long . you have no idea how much I wanna type into this little box here O_O 
What happened over my non-facebook times : Stayed up til 2 every night ( except last night ) , saw pretty much all the newest movies a the movie theater , got lots of clothes for xmas , and an iPod nano with the video camera , and drew a picture :D 
My old email got loaded with spam . new email if any of this matter concerns you ( heh ): bringkatiethehorizon@gmail.com . iight ? :D 
I just woke up . I went to bed at 8 ..... am . @_@ 
WHO'S YO DADDEHHH ?!?!??! -cough- 
am i the only one getting these " Stack Overflow At Line : -number- " ? 
ew . chat is uber laggy . 
We cut the legs off of our pants , threw our shoes into the ocean . Sit back and wave through the Daylight . Sit back and wave through the Daylight [: 
I cant sleeeeepppp D: 
I Set My Friends On Fire [[[: ( the band . It's not like I would actually set you guys on fire xD ) 
Kitty and Destiny are so messed up . Haha . Wait til you kiddos get home and read thissss xDD 
I want to begin to write a horror story about a group of friends trapped in a " lunatic asylum " and all the friends except one get's killed . The one who survives is the one who is telling the story in an interrogation . Yeah , I have the whole storyline down :P 
My printer's ink smell disgusting >_< 
Finally printing out my internet sources . I know , I should be shunnnned u_u . lol [[: 
Who wants to go to the apple store with me and record videos on their macbooks until people look at us funny ? :D 
Saw Alice in Wonderland last night , and bought Almost Alice . Both are incredible [: 
" When I wake up , the dream isn't done . I wanna see your face , and know I made it home . If nothing is true , What more can I do ? I am still painting flowers for you " 
Everyone ... Go to your iTunes library , sort your songs by play count , and see which song you've plaued the most . Mine is Pray For Plagues by Bring Me the Horizon . It was played 60 times O_O 
Connecting to network ... Obtaining IP address . Please wait ... Connected to network . 
Me : -reading bulletin- " What do you wash first in the shower ? " Hahaha . uuhhh , my face ?! Dess : I'd wash whatever feels dirtiest . Dess and Me : GAHAHAHAHAHAHA . Bestpervertedbuddies xD 
When you and I and he and she are we , humanity will sing in harmony . 
I think Facebook promotes narcissism . 
I remember in 4th grade , one of my buddies got off the bus and had to pee . There was a ditch nearby , so I told him to go in there , so he did . Then he climbed up , and i pointed out that there was a gas station right across the street . xD 
I took pictures some , of the longer quotes from the Anne Frank Memorial . Do you think it would be ok to turn those in , instead of writing them on the ... small amount of lines they provide ? [: 
I noticed that all my friends from California have friends who are mostly Asian xD the rest are Mexican . Not being racist ... xD 
I've figured it out . The messages my phone doesn't receive end up in " Saved Messages . " 
I just went through that folder . I kinda wanna cry now . 
They don't know how right they are . 
What's with all the snow ? 
I just saw a flower outside . RIP . 
" What did you get ? " 
" an f " 
" good job ! " 
Hahaha xD 
2 hours on the phone with Becca and her brother . 
My arm is numb and I think I am deaf in my right ear . 
Good times . 
I love how I put on my glasses , then INSTANTLY look like a nerd . xD 
Oh my God . 
My friends are freakin ' incredible . 
Facebook is getting annoying . 
No more Facebook for me tonight :P 
Anyone wanna hang tomorrow ? 
Text me . 
Boring day ahead D: 
Who wants to hang ? 
Text ? [ : 
" I don't like Katrina . She's smells like soup . Have you smelled her ? Her whole house smells like soup . " 
[: 
Sick . 
The snow makes it worse /: 
" I knew this girl ... she had this crazy freakout ' cause she took too many behavioral meds at once and she just ripped off her clothes and dove into the fountain at Ridgedale mall and was like 
' BLEEEHHHH ! I'M THE KRAKEN FROM THE SEA '" 
This kid in my science class smelled like cigarettes ... 
So we sprayed all his stuff with perfume when he was out of his seat ... 
I've got you and me . That's a family . 
" I can draw a better pedophile than you can ! " 

This week ... xD 
The world could be burning til there's nothing but dark blue . 
My hands are too small to play octave chords D:< 
Ugh . It's only 1:35 -__- 
Today's gonna be so boring . 
Kill me . 
Just cut my hair . 
Like all of it . 
It's gone . 
Me : " Dude . I just cut my hair . All of it . " 
Ceeezerrr : " What ?! How can I bang you looking like that ? " 
Me : " Wait .. what ?! " 
-awkward silence- 
C : " It's okay , I can turn off the lights . " 
Facebook needs one of those buttons that take you to the top of the page in case you scroll really far down on the News Feed like on Tumblr :P 
I fell asleep without taking off all my makeup . 
I look funny :3 
Tumblr should stop forgetting to feed the wild Tumbeasts 
-______________- 
I can't not insult my brother . 
When he's holding the door for me : " Come inside , Katie ! :D " 
" You're icky . " 
Are we playing the number game again ? xD 
Message me a number and I'll tell you stuff xD 
123456 : lalalaaa [: I remember at the beginning of the year , we were playing that game in science where we went to a certain corner if according to our favorites , and we were like in the same corners every time xD 
42 : You know how after you watch a movie from the UK and you can't help but to speak with a British accent ( or maybe it's just me :P ) ? Well , after listening to you talk for a couple minutes , it makes me wanna talk like you xD . 
69 : Those glasses without lenses I used to wear at school all the time always remind me of you for some reason . xD 
1337 : Hahah . Remember when we looked for funny looking people in our music books ? :D You're one of the very few people I can talk to for hours without getting bored . Well , we haven't talked much lately , but still [: 
14 : I find it hilarious how you always appear to be sleeping in band . 
There's a quote that reminds me of you ... 
" So , it's a little creepy and I suspect that he's gonna grow up to be a pedophile . " 
-Alex Gaskarth . 
889790 : You are so unique . I love it :D When I scroll down my News Feed , BAM ! new pictures and they really stand out xD And lately , it's mostly from your beautiful red hair . Hahah [: 
182 : I haven't really talked to you all that much , but I remember standing in line with you for the 3OH ! 3 thing and we all took the picture together xD Also , you have great taste in music :D 
21 : I remember talking to you and Kaily on the bus in 6th grade . Hahaha . Good times maaaan . 
The autotune thing on the Oscars ? 
I wouldn't be surprised if that was Schmoyoho :D 
Ugh . 
" at least " 
is 2 words . 
Never has been 1 . 
Kthxbai . 
My brother's school worksheet thing ... 
" If I had $100 I would buy .... 
A big car with a penguin . " 
HAHAHAHAH . xD 
<"/ Phineas . 
c " | Ferb . 
I don't even ... 
" I like this picture . So much . Why ? " 
" Because I'm in it " 
" Ew ... wtf . That's you ? " 
If laughing increases your lifespan , I'm immortal . 
It's funny how M.A.C. mascara is scented as if people really want their eyelashes to smell like roses xP 
“We’re over rated . Our EP was shit and kids only like us because of my hair . ” 
-Oliver Sykes . 
So true . 
Fell asleep with Facebook still open . 
Don't kill me . 
You need a doctor , Baby ? 
You scared ? 
Wow . I just found a crap load of old pictures I took for Facebook . 
That blue hair extension .... O_e 
Asking A is coming twice this month [: 
March 22 . 
Dirty Work . 
Talked on the phone all night . No sleep D: 
Oh well [: 
" You cut my lip . " 
" How ? " 
" From making me smile . " 
Yayyy for an hour of sleep :D 
:P 
My short hair is harder to curl than when my hair was long . I have no idea what i'm doing xD 
Eating pizza with Nives >:D 
Nives : you guys have a dog ? 
Katie : no ... that's my brother . 
I get to dye my hair blueeee C : 
I just heard a song by Example on a Disney channel commercial . 
I was kinda excited at first . 
I don't even .... I'm speechless . 
xD 
" We were like peanut butter and jelly . 
Spaghetti and meatballs . 
Marshmallow fluff and .... 
... My tongue . " 
Petrichor . 
So , I know it's gonna be about 2 weeks from now , but who is for sure going to the Reckless and Relentless tour on the 28th ? 
I wanna go , be I need someone to go with [: 
( preferably a girl , because my Asian parents are Asian . ) 
" Who is that ? " 
" That drop dead sexy chink right on top of ya . More , importantly , on top of me ;D " 
slfjLKANJFKLANllKNlknlklsfk . 
I don't like missing school . 
" Do I know you ? " 
You're the one who sent the request -_____- 
Nives , I'm going make you period your pants . 
I'm just now getting started on the project I had all semester to do . 
Procrastination <3 
Asians have smaller eyes , because if they open them wider it'd be like , 
LAZERRRR PEW PEW PEW 
loljk . i made that up . 
George Thammavongsa : well of course you did . its the asian mind XD 
It's Friiiiiidaaaayyy , Frriiiiidaayy . Rebecca Black's favorite daaaaayy . 
We so exciiiiiited . 
Ha . Tumblr's gonna be FILLED with Rebecca Black jokes . 
Gettin ' down on Friiiiiiiiiiiiiday . ;D 
Partyin’ , partyin’ 
Fun , fun , fun , fun 
jkafshsljkfhsjlkanhfkjahsfkjsahjfk :D 
I would totally buy Friday on iTunes ... 
fajkkfldsnjf :D 
14 notes on a post on Tumblr + 1 new follower . 
Hahahahha . I'msuchaloserrrr [: 
One more week <3 :D 
Jesus . There needs to be a " poke all " 
Who wants a free ticket to Asking Alexandria next week ???! 
I really want to go , but the only way is if someone ( girl ) goes with me . 
If you're pretty sure you'll be able to , text or message me . 
Pleasefsdjkfhlajsfdjkhjahsujk 
RIP Elizabeth Taylor . 
Got Vices and Virtues and free old Nick episodes from iTunes c : 
Oh god D: 
That was terrifying . Completely and utterly terrifying . 
There was this ... like ... I don't even .... 
D: 
djfjak ; sdflkskm 
ughhhfreakinga . 
Ugh . I hate people posting bipolar statuses one after another -_- 
2 minutes ago " UGH FMLLLLL " 
5 minutes ago " Omg , so happy <3 ilyyyy " 
9 minutes ago " your stupid /:< " 
10 minutes ago " I'm not on my period lololololol " 
" You know all the words to Friday . You're undateable " 
FML /; 
I hate how some guys just can't stay friends /: 
" best friends " ... /: 
Oh , so we're not talking anymore ? Oh , well , nah , it's cool . My contract with AT&T ends next week and I won't have a phone for a long time . Who cares , right ? 
I've had my iPod for 3 years , and it doesn't have a single crack . 
Why can't it just break already so I can get a new one ? D: 
Starting to bleach my hair tonight 0 : 
I kinda wish I could've dyed my hair before the break . 
Playing with the iPads at the apple store xD 
Playing Robot Unicorn Attack with my brother in my lap , with the volume full blast , singing " Always " at the top of our lungs xD 
AFreakingA tonight <3 
Things didn't go as I planned , but I'm sure it'll be amazing :D 
How to help Japan : 
1 . Go to a party dressed slutty . 
2 . When a boy asks for your number , grab his phone . 
3 . Text " Redcross " to 90999 . 

BOOM JUST GAVE JAPAN $10 
( credits : someone from Tumblr xD ) 
I'm dehydrated , tired , and most of the sweat on my body is from other people . 
Today .... This absolutely made my spring break [: 
The concert last night was amazing . All the bands were awesome . Except Emmure .... I almost passed out while Emmure was playing xD 
" iwannaholdyourhandsotighti'mgonnabreakmywrist . " 
“Thomas Edison’s last words were ‘It’s very beautiful over there’ . I don’t know where there is , but I believe it’s somewhere , and I hope it’s beautiful . ” 
Wow . You really are a shallow bitch -___- can't believe I could look past that . 
Tumblr > Facebook . 
You guys should make a Tumblr so I can delete my Facebook ;P 
The awkward moment where Facebook texts you about someone sending a request , but finding out they cancelled it when you look on the computer . 
It is so nice outside . 
Youcan'tjustthrowmeaway . 
-ptv <3 
Woooooooooow . 
The awkward moment when the song you're listening to fits perfectly with what happens 5 seconds after it starts . 
fml . 
Dammit Vic Fuentes , why must you write such relate-able lyrics ? 
It's torture D: 
Yesterday was Thursday , Thursday . 
Today it is Friday , Friday . 
Rebecca Black is such an inspiration <3 
I had a dream that a teacher gave me a bunch of talking fish sticks and I had to put them in a fish tank and observe them for a grade .... 
" Who is this ? You're listed in my contacts as ' Douchebag . '" 
I just made my day [: 
Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist is a great way to end spring break [ x 
But I'm gonna go re-read the book because it's better [: 
Since when was I " married " ? Wtf . 
I Feel Like Dancin ' [: 
IloveyouATL <3 
When your favorite band is on tour but your town isn't on the list -_- 
" I think we killed each other ... which is kind of romantic " 
Why do people make " best friend " one word ? 
recklessandrelentless <3 
Should I re-touch the blue in my hair or let it fade back to blonde ? 
OwjhwiqgavHJHdjrhNsjKkHsbsnaalsjHSJabsj . 
Walked on the bus ... 
" Gotta make my mind up . Which seat can I taaaaake ? " 
Father said , " You can find me on Broadway . " 
MyphonestillworksI'msohappy<3 
I've got a problem with the way you think . 
At my brother's soccer game . So cute c : 
When you're stalking someone on Facebook and their pictures are public . 
[ x 
Found my ring that says " STFU <3 " from way back when xD Cool . 
Asking A on Jimmy Kimmel last night ? F yeah <3 
Nives Rkman ........ I CHOP YOU ! > : 0 
Spanish Teacher : " ... we're not applying makeup .... " 
( about 5 people turn towards me ) 
" Kaaaaaatttiiiieeeeee " 
Hahahhah . 
HEY , NIVES . 
I wrote a song dedicated to you . 
The song's called " Fat Bitch on PMS " 
AHEM ! 
I RECKON MY BOSNIAN'S THE BEST . 
Just kidding . 
SHE'S A FAT BITCH ON PMS . 
<3 
My brother starts crying like someone died ... 
Dad : " what's wrong ? " 
Keithan : ( crying , says something , unclear ) 
Keithan : " I ran out of chips . " 
Dad : " okay , I'll buy you some more " 
Keithan , still crying : " can I come ? " 
Dad : " Ugh . Okay . " 
Keithan , all happy as if nothing happened : " yay ! " 
Don't text me . No phone . For a while . idgaf . 
My brother is crying his eyes out ....... 
Because he lost his rock -_________________- 
Haha . Those Facebook " like " stories are cute . dontgetyourhopesup xD 
Expectation : 
Girl : Do you like me ? 
Boy : No , I love you . 
Reality : 
Girl : Hey <3 do you like me ? 
Girl : <3 
Boy : Loljk . I'm blocking your number . kthxbai . 
" Jaime Preciado was deported from Canada for being too Mexican " 
xDDDDD <3 
CRAZY SATURDAY NIGHT ..... on Tumblr . 
I'm the coolest . 
Ha . Just realized , my parents will HAVE to get me my phone back before Tuesday [: 
Ohmygod <3 Funfetti cake batter cookies <3 
Who wants to share ? c : 
I mention Tumblr on Facebook . 
U MAD ? 
Hey ! You guys should spam my phone ( with PG-rated content ) so my inbox runs out of memory , in case parents pick it up , they won't be able to read anything . 
So DRRRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY . 
Wow . Why can't I just tell someone I'm angry at them ? 
" Yeah , I'm angry ... but it's nothing personal , I promise . " 
FJHKSHNLFVdsvjnsdJHBF 
Jordan Witzigreuter <3 
That is all . 
Perhaps I should post more statuses rather than spamming your new feed with tumblr . 
( no , I won't disable tumblr because they're all like " OMFG KEEP TUMBLR ON THE DL " and I think that's stupid xP ) 
Whoooooaaa . Double rainbow all the waaaay . 
No , seriously , it's freakin beautiful . 
So , Baby , stay away from my friends . 
ohmygodohmygodohmygod . 
I might need a blood transfusion . 
I got a paper cut /: 
Like my status and I'll tell you : 1 . How we met . 2 . My first impression of you . 3 . What I like about you . 4 . Favorite memory of you . 5 . BUT if you like this you must put it as your status . :) 
Got bored of the blue in my hair and got rid of it [: 
For a while , at least . 
I feel like dancin tonight . I'm gonna party like it's my civil right . 
dirtywork [: 
I just ate a huge marshmallow bunny . 
I hate marshmallows D: 
afuhajkfaswhat'swrongwithme ? 
Whoa . Osama Bin Laden's dead 0 : 
I have Global Perspectives tomorrow . 
I have current events due tomorrow . 
Osama Bin Laden's been killed . 
Hmm ... 
Osama might be dead , but he's still blowing up my News Feed . 
I was in the parking lot at Walmart and this lady is like yelling at her husband . When I walked past them , she's all quiet , " That's girl's really pretty . Did you see her ? She's really pretty . " 
I should be creeped out , but secretive compliments from random strangers can be flattering xD 
Some people were really cool at the beginning of the year . 
Now they're such assholes . Did high school do this to them ? 
Meh . Took a long-ass nap , but I still feel like crap . That rhymed . 
I hate it when white people are like , " Hey Katie . Ching chang chong . Did you understand what I said ?! lololol " 
Yeah , I understand . It means " ( Insert their name ) is an ignorant bitch . " 
Good god -___- 
Driving time is boring . 1 more hour . Text me [: 
When you know you're gonna be in trouble when you get home . 
Then , it isn't as bad as you would've imagined . 
askfgjdhkjaghlsdjk . 
Why is Disney suddenly using music I actually like ? 
Neon Trees ? Example ? Stereo Skyline ? 
Not cool -_____- 
Happy Mother's Day and happy anniversary , Mommy . 
Sorry I stayed up too late and couldn't wake up early enough to make you breakfast c : 
I lost my headphones . kjfcdhfbjksa bdfjadnfknskl . So sad : C dasfhjadfnc 
D'awwwww . My first faceless follower . How exciting C : 
Thinking of dying my hair back to a pastel-ish blue . Should I ? c : 
No more blonde hair : c 
It's kinda reddish-brown now . 
Making faces at people while in the car for drivers ed . Got more reactions than i expected . Someone gave us the finger . Laughing so hard . Lol what's air ? 
UGH . My brother has been crying for 10 minutes straight because he wants popcorn . 
God , he's so fucking undisciplined . 
My mom wants me to get an mri since i've been feeling really weird after getting hit in the head last week : c 
Ugh . Another driving session . I'm so tired /: text me . 
I feel terrible . My mom thinks i should go to the ER . Omgamigonnadie ? 
" HATERZS MAKE MEE FAMOUSSS !!!! 11 !! 1 " 
Honey , you don't have haters . Just , no one likes you . 
Get over yourself . 
Wow , Nives Rkman . Every single picture on the main page of my profile has your face in it . 
WHAT DOES THIS MEAN ?! 
Stale marshmallows > fresh marshmallows . 
I've been hearing sirens for like 5 minutes . I wonder what happened . 
Stop falling for the spam , guys . Seriously . I'd be embarrassed . 
Looked through my " suggested friends " things . I've always wondered where all the other Vietnamese kids were . Turns out they're all at the technical or medical charter schools . Figures . 
New phone . Same number . Lost some of my contacts : c 
Text your first and last name to 2849044 
kthxbai [: 
Someone was playing Cinema in tardy DT c : 
Finally bought that one dress . ahhh <3 
Someone should text me because I'm bored . Kthx . 
August 17 <3 
Is it sad that I automatically think " Never Shout Never " when I hear Joplin , MO ? 
What's with all the natural disasters ? /: 
CanIevencomplicateyourbreathing ? 
Becca crab-walks when she's angry . 
My day : 
6 am : Bleh .________. 
7am : fml -____- 
11 am : :DDDD :D :D 
5 pm : fmlfmflmflfmlfmlfmlksdmflksdjnfklsdhfjk 
7 : wtfwtftwtf , maaan . 
8 : HAAAAAAAAAjsadhlsakjdbsa ; kjdns >:D 
Yeahhh ..... 
The next Human Centipede will have 12 people ? Whaaaa ? :D 
People don't text me anymore D: 
Ohmygosh . Adorable little caramel frappucino samples at starbucks <3 
they were all gone within 30 seconds xD 
I get to go to Maryland and DC in 2 or 3 weeks C : 
lolsdihasdjksahldkjsa Children these days . 
Ahhhhh <3 Baltimore on the 18th . 
We , we , we so excitedddd . 
Got my permit :D No more boring hours twice a week c : 
Marceline from Adventure Time looks like Sonny Moore xD 
" YOU TWO ARE GOING TO MAKE BEAUTIFUL BABIES " 
( Two girls awkwardly walk by ) 
" NOT YOU , SORRY . " 
My friends are incredible . nbd [; 
My brother jumped up in the air and farted . 
He said he was trying to go to space 
._______________. 
Back from the waterpark . I didn't tan one bit : c 
One more day of school :D 
& 
Dirty Work <3 
Baltimore next Saturday <3 
ATL better be there 0 ; < 
[; 
Dirty Work is #1 on iTunes 
I'msoproudofmyboys<3 ['; 
WTF HAPPENED TO MY DASHBOARD ? D ' : 
So keep talking , ' cause I love to hear your voice . 
You can pay for school , but you can't buy class . 
I told my brother to go brush his teeth , then he laid down on the floor . 
I was like , " wtf , what are you doing ?? " and he said , " I'm planking " 
wheredidhelearnthis ? xD Coolest . Kid . Ever . 
aw , my brother lost his first tooth c : 
Pretty Little Liars tonightttttt :D 
Ben Huynh is my twin . He's the prettier one . 
Breathe Carolina on Jimmy Kimmel [[[: I hate how all the good bands only get a performance at the end of the show and no interview : c 
My boys on jimmy kimmel <3 
Omg noooooo . I dropped my sunglasses in the shark tank . 
Finally home from Maryland . Ahhh , I had such a great time . Pictures coming soon . [: 
The first 17 statuses in my News Feed all say something about " thunder " , " storms " or both ;P 
So , I guess I'm gonna be curled up in a corner in my room on June 28 : c 
The awkward moment when you get all excited over vanilla bean paste ... 
So happy for New York [: Sucks that Idaho is this__________________________________far from passing any law like that . 
Cars 2 wasn't as Cute and lighthearted and I hoped it Would be : c but it was Still good :{ D 
" What a treacherous thing to believe that a person is more than a person . " 
I burned homemade ice cream . Yes , it's possible . 
Mango , lime , and coconut ice cream . I'm Having way too much Fun with this ice cream Machine [: 
My brother : " Where's daddy ? I need to go poop . " 
Me : " He just left ... why do you need him when you go poo ? " 
Bro : " I need him to wipe my butt . " 
-__________________- 
like for : 
how old do you look ? 
do i want your number ? 
whats your name in my phone ? 
do i like your profile picture ? 
first impression ? 
do i think your pretty/handsome ? 
best feature ? 
do i hate you ? 
would i ever date you ? 
should u text me sometime ..? 
should you post this to your status so i can like it ? 
Back from the waterpaaaark ! Nives nearly cried on thunder falls while my 6 yr old brother was like " meh . " hahaha . 
My brother calls Netflix " Net Flakes " fo cereal . 
I need to stop checking Facebook -____- Korean horror movies :D Text me . Text me . Text me . 
Am i the only one who completely loses track of the days of the week during summer ? 
Last night , I had a dream that I lived in an aquarium and it burnt down , then , Barack Obama teamed up with a group of my friends and they were all plotting to kill me while I was in Spanish class . 
Mmm , cupcakes [: 
Grrr . I don't want to go to the waterpark . Anyone wanna go with me and my brother ? Text me . 
Bored , man . Like for a song that reminds me of you ? 
Well . No plans for myself until August 12 . Text me :D 
Gonna wake up early to watch the premiere of Bulletproof Love . Gah , I sound like such an obsessive little fangirl . Screw it , I AM an obessive little fangirl :P 
I have such quality dreams , they should be made into movies ;P 
slKJSFNbnmnmdbanmsdbfmnaKLfdnsnnfsn5freakinmonths . Whyyyy ??? -_____- 
" Cannot View This Performance : This computer does not support iTunes festival live streaming " NOOOOOOO !! 
Guess who gave up Warped Tour for a Holga camera . No regrets [: 
I guess I'm going to the waterpark again . Who wants to come with ? Text me . 
Random stranger : " You have really pretty eyes . " 
" But I'm wearing sunglasses .... " 
There are some really cool people out there :P 
Breathe Carolina album ... yesssss <3 
" Did you hang up ? Liar , you didn't hang up . Okay I'm gonna ... I'm dead serious , we need to hang up at the same time , we need to sleep . 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... hello ? " 
Hahahaha . 6 hours on the phone . Didn't break the record 0 : < 
Seriously , guys . Stop falling for those " wanna see _______ ? omg so funnyyyyy ! " It's only gonna hack into you account , and post on walls and message people to get them to fall for it -_________- 
Just ordered my Holga camera . Yay , 6 days :D 
Guys ... it's SpongeBob's 25th birthday ... 
Finally made a Skype . No webcam for now , but here it is : 
katie . diep 
obviously ... 
Grrr . Just found out that my camera can't be shipped because the credit card info needs revision . Now i can't sleep cause i wanna tell my dad -__- 
I tell people on omegle that my asl is 49/m/up your butt . I don't understand why they keep disconnecting : c 
I clicked my " profile " button and expected to see the " mutual friends " things -_- 
when some girls wear so much foundation , their faces look 2 dimensional . 
lol 
" like " my status just for the heck of " liking " it ;D 
MY PHONE SMELLS LIKE JUSTIN BIEBER PERFUME . 
" They say that love is forever . Your forever is all I need . " 
Oh dang . Amy Winehouse died at 27 ? 
I suspect drugs ... RIP 
Got a text from a number I don't know . 
" Hey babe I'm at a metal concert in Anaheim . You should be here . :D <3 " 
Whoever this is , I'm jealous . 
awkward . 
my brother likes curly fries ... but not the curly ones . wtf . 
I want to follow you on tumblr . 
Put links below v ( and yeah I'm mentioning it here , stfu , idgaf ) 
I need some plans this week . 
Seriously . Who's texting me ? -_________- 
I'm supposed to wake up early Dx 
Fell asleep at 11 . Woke up an hour later . Still can't sleeeeep -__- 
The band I got is Bring Me the Horizon 
Song I love : Pray For Plagues 
Song I like : Anthem 
Song I hate : Blessed With a Cursed ( good song , the things I associate it with : bad ) 
Like for a band . 
As of right now , a picture I uploaded to tumblr has 152 after I uploaded yesterday . 
OHEMGEETUMBLRFAMOUSZSZ$ !!!! 1 ! 
Not really . 
K , never mind about the hip piercings , I want my clavicles pierced now :D 
I really , really wanna watch Rugrats in Paris , but I have no idea where the VCR is xD 
Ah , just got my wristband for the All Time Low signing c : who's going ? 
Lol @ the scene kids with facebook names like " ( Name)willeatyourfaceoff Cuzimabr00talHxC Cupcakelovingdinosaurraver Gore " xD 
Waterpark all freakin day . Yay for awkward tan lines ! 
Aw . I'm happy [: Who wants to hang out before I go to Cali/Vegas ? Text it [: 
" Happy 30th birthday MTV . Some things don't get better with age , and you are a prime example of that . " 
Angry Birds board game ? wut ? 
Aww . Went through pictures from elementary school c : I wanna scan them all and tag all my old buddies xD 
Are people seriously cutting their ears to nowadays ? D: 
That's kinda sad/desperate . 
Stretching > Cutting . 
my name is katie and nives is so cool that if she were any cooler her head would freeze off ... and shes really hot 
your ? you're 
Maybe I should stop letting it bother me since most people will never get it right -___- 
aw . Going to the airport early tomorrow morning . I'll come back in 6 days with lots of photos :D 
In phoenix 0 : captain , " ladies and gentlemen , we are currently flying over the grand canyon " the cabin gets significantly brighter xD 
Walked into the buffet in vegas , saw they were playing Yonkers . I'm pretty okay with this [; 
Young Forever by TRS always plays in my head when i stand on a luggage cart . Now they're actually playing the song , but no luggage carts in sight xD 
Drove back to Cali from Vegas last night 0 : Text me :D 
OC fair today with Westin Vuong and his awesome friends [: Fuuuun . 
Warped Tour is today ... I'll be in California or on an airplane ... cool :P 
Ahh , 4 more days , I will be the happiest person ever c : 
My dad just told me that my grandma's cousin invented Sriracha sauce . Nice :D 
Guys , I'm so cool . 
wut . 
Ewww . Not cool , Voldie . Not cool -____- 
Uggghh . I need to get my sleep back to normal before school starts -____- 
I hate when someone says they like a certain band , and you tell them you hate it , they're all like , " Yeah ... I guess they're .... " and put down their own favorite band . Seriously , everyone can have an opinion .... don't get all butthurt when someone disses something you like . 
" These kids , they're like tired down helium balloons . They strain against the string and strain against it , and then something happens , and that string gets cut and they just fly away . And you never see the balloon again . " 
John Green ( Paper Towns ) 
Oh hi c : I still haven't used my Skype much . 
Katie . Diep Add me [: 
Today 4:00 pm 
dsjfvbsdj , avbjksdn . vksdv <3 
Driving to the atl signing with a bag of frozen edamame on my finger because my brother shut the door on it xD 
Alex and Jack held my hands for like 8934982343 seconds and Alex gave me a hug c : I have their Sharpies :D 
I updated via Mustache before it was cool . 
HAHAHHA spy mode on omegle is the bomb dot com xDD 
( wake up to text message from 2 hours earlier ) 
Me : " lol I just just woke up -comment about previous message " 
Reply : " haha . okay . I'm naked and I need to shower ttyl " 
Ohh , some people who are obviously my friends <3 
My ID picture looks bad but I didn't want to keep retaking it : c 
... did anyone else see the dead duck at registration ? 
Back in my day , we had 9 planets . 
super bass 
superb ass 
i had to ... 
I need a ... 
? Concert ticket 
? Boyfriend 
? Concert ticket to see my boyfriend . 
Who wants to watch Korean horror movies with me all day ? c : 
I really need to clean my room , but I keep getting distracted Dx stop it , facebook and tumblr D;< 
-Voted for Tyler on VMA website- 
-notice more popular , but far worse artists on the list- 
not cool , man . OFWGKTA . 
Ugh . So done with summer . I need school to start soon so I can start over . 
" iQuit " 
-Steve Jobs . 
fair with Nives was pretty great . we/i screamed out the lyrics to the songs they were playing xD i wish i had more rest and food before hand . i felt like i was gonna pass out from exhaustion : c 
Tyga is part Viet ? Okay , I just died . 
The awkward moment when you get in trouble for calling your own brother " bro " 
I hope he takes your filthy heart and then he throws you away someday [: 
So I started saying , " you are ... " 
Then my brother decided to finish my sentence by singing , " a cinemaaa " 
Yeah , I think my awesome is rubbing off on him ;D 
Lol . Facebook on my phone sucks . It posts updates like 1352718 hours after I send it . 
Omgomgomogmgjmdb Tyler wonnnn <3 OFWGKTA . 
Last day of summer . Sooo excited for school . I still have no idea how I'll get to sleep before 11 -_- 
" dammit i'm mad " is " dammit i'm mad " spelled backwards . 
Is it just me , or is today a very ADTR kinda day ? 
I need a Vietnamese best friend so I can secretly talk crap about all of you ;D 
Keithan : " suffocate . " 
Me : " suffocate ??? " 
Keithan : " yeah , I said suffocate . not defecate . " 
lolwtf ??? xD 
" On this day in 2009 " 
Did I seriously have a Facebook in ' 09 ? 
I really ... need ... a life . 
lol @ the ignorant fool who called me an ignorant fool . 
" I had a dream we were hanging out at some beach ... " 
" I had a dream that I went to NY and saw you at Starbucks ... " 
" No way ! There was Starbucks in my dream too ! " 
" What does this mean ? " 
The awkward moment when you fall in the hallway then slip when you try to get up . 
That was hilarious xD 
I think your mouth should be quiet ' cause it never tells the truth . 
The awkward moment when you're so lazy , you almost ask the person you're chatting with to go get your water bottle 10 feet away .... 
Lion King in 3D ? I think yesss [: 
When did the Chipotle in Boise open ? My life is quite wonderful right now c : 
Jack's Mannequin coming the same week as my birthday . Hmmmmmmmm [: 
stop it facebook . i don't care about any more updates . 
Just two kids , stupid and fearless . 
My birthday's in one month c : 
I know I am gonna end up insisting that you don't have to get me presents , but I'm just gonna say this beforehand : yes , I'd love some presents [; 
" I keep on running , keep on running but nothing works . I can't get away from you . 
I keep on ducking , keep on ducking but nothing helps . I can't stop missing you . " 
YDG ?! 
" Mom said the school is closed today because it's flooded , and there's feces everywhere ! " 
" What are feces ? " 
" Baby mice . " 
" Aww ! " 
Uh . Neighbor's blasting Bruno Mars . 
K ._. 
Gonna be Kayako grudge for Halloween ? 
I have to get my brother to be Toshio xD 
When Asian guys say " finna " 
holycrapmyovaries . 
The awkward moment when someone calls you annoying when you're the one who kept quiet and listened to her talk and complain about herself the entire " friendship " . 
" Oh , what ? That was her ?! I didn't recognize her under her 50 lbs of makeup and totally modest whore-shorts ... " 
My brother learned waaaay too much from me . He's using my facebook right now . So if you IM me , and I answer with something like " I like poop xD haaaaaaa !!! 1234 " then it's actually my brother ... 
It's singles week . Put this as your status and whoever sends you a ? in your inbox , no don't do it :P 
Just raising awareness ;D 
HOLY SHIZZIT !! I just realized Warped Tour is gonna be on Friday the 13th OOOO: 
Myspace shows you ads based on your interests and such ... 
The ads I'm getting ... well , they're for psychiatric treatment . 
Thanks , Myspace . 
bye California [': 
I have SO MUCH going onnnn . My parents and I [ finally ] decided that I'm going to Mountain View [: We have all the papers and stuff done , so I just need to do all the registration in August . So , Compass buddies , I guess I won't be seeing you in September /: Anyways , phone taken until next Sunday . Don't text /: 
If I were to say I had 2 tickets to the Fearless Friends Tour ( Breathe Carolina , Artist Vs . Poet ... ) on November 8 ( I'm not saying that I do ) Who would want to go with me ? 
no . 
So much rain 0 : 
No more Facebook for tonight . 
Text . [: 
Just got my glasses /: 
I'm going to get suspended from school . You all know why . Sorry for lying . Sorry if I hurt anyone . 
YES ! The IM is back :D 
I only got about 3 hours of sleep . I've never felt better . Hahahha . 
You . 
Whoa ... Breaking Dawn is gonna be a 2 part movie O: 
Punk Goes Pop 3 comes out on November 2 .... 
I already have it xD 
Preparing to go shopping [: 
I like buying stuff xD 
That's kinda sad to admit xD 
There's a GORGEOUS rainbow outside [: 
Back from waterpark [: 
Sorta stalked a lifeguard , not creepy at all ;D 
UGH . I hate A-Days . 
" You'll be down a lot " ... " Yooouuuu'ree down a lot ... wait a minute ... oh crap " 
Grrr . Is it just me , or does anyone else get notifications and the red number thingy just stays there even when you click it ? |: 
Someone changed all the names in my contacts .... I got half of them back but , someone people are not responding :P 
The library doesn't have the Youth in Revolt book /: I guess I hafta keep reading it on Google :P 
Today was pretty fun [: 
Poor kid . We were at wahooz and some kid stuck gum in my brother's hair . He was afraid of being embarassed , so we used our tickets to get green shutters for him . It's so cute and funny xD 
Sit back , relax . 
Sit back , relapse again . 
stevie : " Gosh darnit you uhh ... hoo-hee ! " HAHAHHAH . I'm still laughing about that . [ : 
You're a lovely person [: 
Ughh .. eating a lot or hot cheetos really messes a person up . I need someone to rub my belly ... 
How in the world did I manage to cut my finger on my keyboard ? 
This is the second time -___- 
well ... just woke up from a long freakin nap . kinda disappointed from something I learned today . no big deal . might hangout with someone tonight [: 
Easter egg dye+bare hands = no bueno D: 
If you die , I swear I will kill you . So , don't die xD 
Never Shout Never is gonna be on Jimmy Fallon tonightt . WAAAATCHH IIIITTT [: 
Ale-Alejandro , Ale-Alejandroooo . [ x 
Right now , I'm thinking about the entire year and everything that's happened . There are so many things I could've done differently . No , there isn't " always next year . " I turned down so many things that only this 8th grade year had to offer . /: sighhhh . 
Malik was right O: SCARLETT BORGES IS BAAAACK ! YESSS ! My bestest friend [[[: 
Back from Eclipse <3 DANGGGG , JACOB'S HOT xD I wanna see it again [: 
I know you work hard everyday , but it all comes down to the way you're paid . 
I cant wait to tell someone about what I just did !!! INTENSE !! 
Just came back from haunted world . Haha . 
I honestly think I've just had the best night of my life [: 
I guess I'm going to bed now [: I got a lot accomplished today . Bought all the NeverShoutNever videos . HAHA ! Obsessed since 6th grade *_* Night , lovely friends [: 
Hi . My ears are quite sore from being impatient with gauging them . xD 
Oh yes , and , no one text me until August 7 . I only have 20 left /: 
Hahaha . Wow . Justin Beiber product placement on Pretty Little Liars xD 
YES !!! I get to go back to sleep :D 
I bleached a section of my hair again . It's actually quite noticeable this time xD 
So I looked absolutely ridiculous in my outfit today , but then I came home and wore it a different way , and I think it looked pretty legit . I'll try it again , after spring break [: 
Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist is such a beautiful book [[: 
Highly recommended !!!! ( if you don't mind lots of profanity xD ) 
No more speech subbbbbb :D 
" The future is bulletproof . The aftermath is secondary . It's time to do it now and do it loud . Killjoys make some noise ! " 
GUESS WHAT TODAY ISSSSSSS ?! <3 [: 
No one text me . No one . Don't do it . 
Christofer Drew Ingle is my hero [: 
HOLY CRAP ! HOLY FLIPPIN CRAP , THE WIFI WORKS AGAIN ! OMGGG ! 
Sorta got my phone back . I got it taken away for .... getting it taken away :P 
I'm so cool . 
Don't text . 
Alesana [[: 
My mouth is all irritated from eating potato chips and chewing Sour Razzles all day . haha . I love Razzles [: 
ehhhhhh .... stopitt black veil brides . Stop making me drool over andy sixx . gahhhhhh . 
#2468101269 . Oh , where do I start ? Haha . Well , when I thought everyone at Compass were the same and boring , I never made an effort to make any friends , but then I met you , and you're freaking hilarious . In a way , you got me to become more social and I learned A LOT about other people and myself . You made my Compass days worth remembering . [: 
I'm not going to be suspended . I'll get further information when my mom comes home from work . 
" Baby , I love you . I'm never gonna let you go . The more I think about , the more I wanna let you know that everything you do is superduper cute and I can't stand it " [ : -NeverShoutNever ! 
I accidently kicked the corner of the door and it really hurt . I never realized how badly it was bleeding ( or that it was bleading at all ) until I saw the trail of blood on the kitchen floor . 
Ugh . Backing up my iPod is so freakin time consuming . 
Wow , iPhone . I got that notification an hour ago and now you notify me ? 
A little slow , are we ? 
Needs good music for the summer . Any suggestions ??? [: 
" I just want everybody to know hat I'm not a lame loser . I'm a cool loser ! hehehe ! That was lame ... " LOL :D 
Ugh . Why do I careeee ? /:< 
BMTH ... what ? So ... different . 
I'm ... shocked , and confused . 
WHAT ?! 
I don't think I've logged onto Facebook before school before . haha . 
Live stream of NSN and TRS concert tonightt [: 
Just because I'm watching online , doesn't mean I can't wear wear NSN shirt all day ( I actually did xD ) . 
Neon Trees- Animal . 
uughusfhasj . fdsakldfhsdhf . 
/: 
Going on Omegle , telling everyone " i love you " , waiting for 5 seconds for a response , DISCONNECT ! SO FUN ! :D 
Settlers was bomb ! Met some cool people . [ : I'm still smiling :DDD 
Who hasn't done one of these ? Haha :D 
Like this status , and I will tell you my first impression of you , something I like about you , and something I dislike about you (: 
Not going to Homecoming next week . Nope . [ : 
My name is Katie and I live by song lyrics and cheesy quotes . 
My room is a mess . 
Reached 29 service hours todayyy ! :D Hung out with Naomi Lam for an hour or so . Now I'm going to bed . 
I've been listening to music , watching videos , and reading books that I haven't touched in a long time . When I do , I get a feeling in the pit of my stomach . The lighting changes , and I find myself in the exact setting that I was in at that time . Such vivid memories make me feel like I should live life to the fullest . Have more memories like that ... 
Another fact : Pigs bred for food , like chickens , are overfed under their legs can't bear their own body weight . Piglets are mutilated by having their ears and tails cut off by people who don't seem to notice their earsplitting squeals . Wear they live , they have no room to walk or even turn . They are already dead by the time they get to the slaughterhouse . 
Well , texts are low . 
Don't text me unless it's an emergency . 
I'm not in the mood to socialize anyway :P 
This was by far the worst school year ever . I'm so happy it happened .. [ : 
" Your " is possesive . 
As in : You need to watch your grammar . 
Or : Your grammar annoys the crap out of me . 
The word " your " refers to " grammar " . 
Word of the day : " Douchefag " 
I'm so ADD , I don't even have the patience to read an entire SHORT story /: 
Bitchy lady working at the fair -.- Oh well , we reported her . 
... if people were rain , I was drizzle , he was a hurricane ... 
Bad mood ... there's not really a reason why . 
" ... so if you're bored , you can start kicking holes in walls and stuff , and that's usually hours of entertainment . " 
ugh . my dad made me pick up trash from the yard . 
Grr . I'm un-liking Jeffree Star until he realizes that Dahvie is not a rapist >:O 
Half the time we gotta live with what we got , and I got nothing , so agree to take my hand , so we can conjure up something rad . ( epic run-on sentence ! ) 
Saving money to buy a digital SLR camera [: 
Just watched The Lovely Bones ! I'm still shaking from all the suspense ! 
( Insert deep and meaningful quote here . ) 
wow . long day xD 
Got Black Veil Brides ' new album the second it came on iTunes ! Ah-may-zing !! 
Joining the Twitterverse *_* What do you think my username for Twitter should be ? 
You're unique .... just like everyone else . 
Have you ever seen someone get punched in the freakin ' wrist ?! 
I just got banned from a website I've never even used . How does that work ? 
I am aggravated . I dislike some people so much , it pains me to go on with life without saying anything to them . Yeah , I'm a terrible person , but it's because I feel terrible . 
There are people at my house . 
wtf . 
Just saw The Last Song and Clash of the Titans . Both were greatttt [: 
Wooooow . I'm so smart ... 
O_e 
WELL , OBVIOUSLY , we have a RAPIST here in * Meridian * . 
He's climbing through yo windows , and snatchin ' yo people up , tryin ' to rape ' em so you better hide yo kids , hide yo wife . 
And hide yo husband , cuz they rapin ' errybody out here . 
Taking my brother to a birthday party :p 
The weather is always bad on the days I feel crappy . What sucks is that I like rain , but I'm never in the mood to enjoy it D: 
back from the parade [[: Saw Emily Jane :D 
Aww . 11:11 just passed and I forgot to make a wish ]: 
Is it bad that I'm having such a good day today ? 
hahaha [: 
Did MVHS win the 3Oh ! 3 thing ? 
I just checked the 103.3 website & their page , but it didn't say anything about us winning ... someone explain ? [ : 
Omghaksltiejwiwowoabssj ! 
Santa's coming . 0 : 
Reading To Kill a Mockingbird for school again . 
Oohhh , I'm gonna get so many Compass flashbacks . Haha . 
I miss that <3 
beautiful day . crappy mood . 
eww -.- 
I like Breathe Electric because Breathe Electric makes me happy [: 
Ok , goodnight , I'm going to listen to Breathe Electric[x 
My teeth are stuck together . 
There for Tomorrow <3 
sooo fun . so fun [[: 
Just finished making the coolest effin ' poster ever ;D 
Summer ... -sighh- 
wahooz with anna , perhaps ? [[: 
I don't like marshmallows . 
Go insane , go insane . Throw some glitter , make it raaaain on ' em . 
Shutup , Kesha . Dx 
Fact : Chickens grown for our consumption are overfed food and antibiotics until they are unnaturally large . Their legs can't hold up their body weight and break . Unable to move , they just lay there where they die of starvation and infection . We eat those ones too . 
I cut my finger on my keyboard .... 
Yeah . That's possible . 
Ugh . I honestly can not stand the fact that there are two days left of the weekend . 
Text me ... before I die of boredom . 
Staying up for the eclipse ? 
I think so . 
My foot fell asleep . Just felt like sharing that [: 
" What is love ? 
Is it giving up ? 
' Cause that's not how you raised me . " 
~ NSN . 
Ha . I think my phone's bricked . 
What are some words that describe me ? I need some for my self-portrait . 
Just got Nevershoutnever's new albummm [: 
First Dance is soooo much better in the studio version :D 
I just played Daylight on the piano as loud as I possibly could . 
Felt good . 
Booooored . And I STILL don't have all my old contacts on my new phone . 
Text meee ! 2082849044 . 
Wahooz with Anna was funnn . Haha . " Do you wanna stay here with me ? " " No . " " Do you wanna stay here with me if I bought you ice cream ? " " YEAH ! " 
I wanna visit Vietnam again [: 
Eclipse tonight <3 Who else is going ? Majestic Theatre [: 
ahhh , TDWP is amazing [: 
I don't know how many times I've said that xD 
So excited for the next semester . My schedule is frickin ' BOMB . 
I'll probably get so distracted . HAHAH . 
CRAP ! I accidently sent a request to somone I don't know D: I hope they don't add me D: 
Oh my God , Karen . You can't just ask people why they're white . 
So , I now realize not every family has a 5 gallon container of rice in their homes . 
There are just some things about Asian .. 
Jeeezzzz . Never Shout Never only got a couple minutes on the show to perform >:O Oh well . He did sooooooo well :D . Great song choice ; Sh*t Getz Old :D I lahhhhhvv him :D 
Fell asleep on the couch for 3 hours ... 
You should see my hair . 
I just found the My Chemical Romance collage I made way back in 6th grade . 
I was such a cool kid back then [: 
I laughed so much today , my abs freakin hurt ! Oh well [: There should be more days like this :D 
Daaannnngg [: 
Someone's adorable . 
Teenage Dream is stuck in my head . 
4 am : First , I was crying my eyes out watching " Dear John " ( swooning at Channing Tatum's hotness at the same time xD ) , then I start fist pumping out of nowhere , then laughing at the most trivial things , now I'm typing this out . pshyeahh . Don't texttt ... parents still have my phone /: 
After my extreme lack of sleep , I think I'm going to sleep very well tonight [: So , goodnight ! hahaha . 5 more days til I get my phone back ! 
Aaahhhhh ! I finally got my flute finger placement down for my the re-test in band ! Yesss ! 
THIS TIME BABYYY , I'LL BEEEE BULLETPROOOF . 
I hate the song , but it's always stuck in my head xD 
If I had to pay them with how much I care , it wouldn't get them anywhere . 
We ran out of normal white printing paper , so I printed my drivers ' ed form on flowery pink paper .... 
I'm having hallucinations of gears spinning right in front of my right eye . I think I got hit in the face a little too hard today D: 
Ahhh , I'm gonna teach myself to play Remembering Sunday on the piano :D 
I got the melody down , all I need are the left hand parts ... nothing YouTube can't help me with [: 
" I wanna awkwardly rub my hip against your ass while saying ' how's it going , sexy ? ' with a lisp ..... No homo . " 
Haha . [ x 
I lost my voice . D: The dance was fun . I could've made it more fun ]: Oh well , there's always next year [: 
" You should text me or give me your number . I had to switch phones " 
" Why ? We never talk anymore . " 
I wanna cry /: 
Back from Maddie's xD science project dooooooonnneeee :D 
So tired . Just woke up from a nap . Weirdly , throughout my entire nap , Not Afraid was playing in my head . Hahaha . I'm still tired :P 
can someone tell me that parents can't come to the dance ? Because I am about to hate my mom forever . 
" WHATCHA TALKIN ABOUT WILLIS ?! " RIP Gary Coleman . 
Spent the past hour trying to cup beat . 
My hands are burning xD 
" I need to tell you something ... without him and all the other people around " 
" ok , tell me " 
" but it's really long ! " 
-walking away- " that's what she said !!!!! " 
" D: " 
Such an interesting day ... 
Goodnight :P 
Buying new music [: Suggestions , anyone ? 
I have been so mean to Keithan lately D: He's such sweet kid . I <3 my baby brother [: 
I lost so much weight over that past month . 
I don't feel good at all . 
It's kinda uncomfortable to breathe . 
I am tired beyond belief . I'm trying to distract myself from falling asleep . 
Oh . My . God . 
I went crazy looking for my phone , and even asked my dad to drive me to all the places I went . 
I came home exhausted , with no phone . I called it one last time , when I heard ringing from under the coffee table . 
Where my brother hid it . F ... M ... L .... 
Can't wait ' til iPod Touch O.S. 4 update comes out [: ( if it ever will and if it's gonna be free ) :D 
So my brother and I were outside , playing in his sprinkler toy . We decided to take a break since it was a bit cloudy outside and that it'd be warmer once the sun is out . 
As soon as the sky cleared up , it started raining . 
Irony . 
if you give me 5 minutes to lay down , i'd probably be asleep by the end of it . 
I might drive myself insane if those lips start speaking my name ... 
" Ahhh ... the little kids on the bumper boat were on to me ! I'm soaked ! " 
" How did they soak you ? " 
" With the bumper boat water guns , dummy " 
" BUT YOU TOLD ME THEY WERE PISS CANNONS ! " 
Hahahaha . Great day today xD 
Spent most of my birthday with my mom . 
I was gonna dye my hair blue , but the salon didn't have any ._. 
So I got some pieces dyed red instead [: 
Thanks everyone who wished me a happy birthday , it really was a happy one [: 
I'm still thinking about Friday night . It was just amazing [: 
Me : " Hahaha . I'm gonna text him and tell him I laughed so hard I nearly threw up . " 
Maddie : " No ! You should tell him you laughed so hard you farted ! " 
Hahaha . People always sound so stupid when they make those kinda comments , but Maddie is definitely an exception ! 
just made a life-changing decision . 
That's all I will say . 
I've got a secret . 
It's on the tip of my tongue . It's on the back of my lungs . 
And I'm gonna keep it . 
Cause I know something you don't know . 
BMTH . 
Bahahaha xD i'm so dumb . I picking a song on my iPod and the music wasn't playing . 5 minutes later , i realize i didnt have my headphones in . Haha xD 
" UHHH , MMMMMMMM ..... DANGIT ! " hahahaha . Good day today . Weirdly , I'm excited to present :P 
Nives Rkman and Rebecca Bowles 
I'M DRAWING A PICTURE !!!!!! :D 
I was at the waterpark since 11 . I'm soooo tired and the chlorinated water killed my hair . 
No more facebook for tonight . 
Oh , wait . I cannot sleep now D: I have to watch Pretty Little Liars xD 
About to leave for Ann Morrison for a picnic [: Then FIREWORKSSSS >:D Hahaha . 
Warped Tour 2 week from tomorrow <3 
:DDD 
I seriously have nothing to do ... / : 
Text me : 208-284-9044 
Wow . I just noticed how fast I run out of eye makeup remover . 
Does that mean I wear a crap-load of eye makeup ? O_O 
" What ?! You ... wait .. HUH ?! " " Yeah , Des , I already bought it ... " " That's not funny ! YOU'RE not funny ! " ahahahha . Great day [: 
free ADTR song on iTunes . Get it . 
Saturday Morning ! You know what that means ? SHANE DAWSONNNN ! 
August 13 [: 
got some mad rad shoes . be jealous ;D 
fisheye lens ! YEAH ! 
" Have you ever seen someone get punched in the freakin ' wrist ?! " xD 
hahahhaha . have a nice day at school ;D 
That was the most beautiful documentary ever <3 
" I WANNA EFF THIS BURRITO ! " 
Well . Time to get started on my self-portait due tomorrow -_- 
Sick , cold , tired . 
This is awesome :P 
5:02 am . That's a good time to go to bed , right ? hahaha . 
Some people find it humorous that I have a bottom locker on the second floor -.- 
BMTH ALBUM ! TODAYYYY <3 HECK YEAH ! 
Julia Davis movie night [: 
Don't you just love staring at the snow falling from the night sky while walking ? So trippy . Haha . 
Technology hates me . 
I don't like it when so many of my friends label themselves . It's no fun dealing with stereotypical " emo " kids every day . 
I guess that phase came and went for me at an earlier age . 
I'll have to be patient . 
Middle school boys aggravate me -____- 
I did fantastically on my band final :D 
^ That means I failed it . 
The most played song in my iTunes Library is Electronic Lover by Breathe Electric with 76 plays xD 
It's 10:10 10/10/10 . 
Hahahah [: 
#12321 you're hilariously random . I couldn't stop laughing at you in Cornerstone yesterday . Haha . Also , I like your hair . It's like so ... whooooshh . 
I want my old profile back -_- 
Guess who just finished downloading ATL's Straigh to DVD on iTunes :DDD 
Rian : " It's not glitter , it's ... " 
Alex : " You look like a fucking dickhead . You look like you shoplifted fashion bug . " 
Rian : " He used to be nice ... " 
Got pulled over . Got away with a verbal warning , thank goodness 
Hahaha . I am retarded :D 
Rain ! <3 
Watching Dear John ... Channing Tatum .... yum [: 
4 day weekend . Yessss [: Today was perhaps the A-day everrrrr [: 
The Ready Set- Love Like Woe [: 
Psssh . I'm over digital photography . I want a Diana F+ Camera :D 
Band concert tonight /: 
At least I have much less on my mind than before ... I'll be able to concentrate [: 
Back from Settlers [: It was bomb . I'm exhausted . 
Cold -_- 
Wow . I seriously need to go to bed way before 8 AM . Where's the Melatonin when I need it ? D:< 
Ann Morrison tonight [: Neighbors set off freakin loud fireworks last night . Hahahaha 
movie night :P 
I do not have patience with many small children . At all . 
Playing all my old Disney computer games from way back when . Hahah . 
Mortuusequusphobia 
That's me . 
I can't think straight . 
Band conecert's tonight . 
I don't wanna go to school , let alone the concert . 
New phone . No contacts . 
You know what I want you to do [ x 
PUT YO NUMBUH RIGHT THUR vvv ( or message it to me [: ) 
" All that we see or seem 
Is but a dream within a dream . " 
hmmm ... [ : 
Keithan : " Katie , have we ever celebrated Hanukkuh ? " 
Me : " No , we're not Jewish . " 
Keithan : " Oh , then maybe when I grow up , I'm gonna live in Jewish " 
HAHAHAHAHAH ! 
Back from movie night . I hate grass . Allergies . 
READ THISSSS !!!!!!! 
Kay , so , I have an extra ticket to Warped and I needa get rid of it . 
I'm planning on selling it , but if someone wants to go with me , I'll just give it to them . 
iTunes is being stupid . I would like to injure it . /:< 
Music Fest was fun [: Got shoved by squishy fat people >_< and saw a person get punched . 
19 days til Warped Tour <3 
You were fake . I was great . 
Nothing Personal . 
Look alive , Sunshine . 
Good day today . Going to bed . Text it . 
I just felt like posting a status on Facebook [: 
:{ D 
Settlers [: aaaand ... GUESS WHO'S GOING TO WARPED TOUR ? 
Ugh . There are just some questions I wish I could google /: 
fhjasfgdshjdfgshjfgwuyeryqurqwernzxcnbxzvcgsdywsbgxgDFTSGVXEWtfvgsdgacvbsx savdwteqfEWfwjhfklieWGBLGYEILKGgjhdfsagigweifughjdsfsjafhjshdfsajkhfkjdj . 
idontknow . 
I think a whole bunch of us should go to Jumptime sometime this week :D 
Hehehehheh :D We Stitch These Wounds is surprisingly amazing . It's about time BVB came out with a new album , and it's sooooo worth the wait <3 :DDDD 
Facebook ads fail ._. " New Breathe Carolina Song ! Pre-Order Hello Fascination Now ! " .... ummm .... Hello Fascination came out months ago , dumbass ._. 
Break :D 
I HAVE AN AWESOME DINOSAUR ! :D 
Hahahahaha . I think I just got a death threat D: xD 
Last day of 2010 . 
Wow . 
Just woke up -.- I seriously need to get my sleeping cycle back to normal . HAhaha ... I was about to type " new profile " but this isn't Myspace xD 
Back from the waterpark . So fun . But , So . Tired . Ugh . 
LOOK , I'M REAL HAPPY FOR YOU AND IMA LET YOU FINISH , BUT THOSE PEOPLE DOWN THE STREET HAD THE BEST FIREWORKS OF ALL TIME . *_* 
So I went to Rite Aid .... 
" Maximum Strength Pepper Spray ... 
Helps Cure Breast Cancer " 
Yeahh , I think I'll be quoting that all day xD 
16 days til Warped :D 
" You poop on me , see what happens ... I poop on you ! " 
Hahaha . 
Lalalalaaaa . I'm drawing an awesome picture xD 
So cold ._. 
Apparently I'm " very highly Schizotypal " ... 
crap . 
18 days til Warped [: 
New phone again \: I need numbers . Text me your name to 2849044 [: 
So my brother hid my phone and i never noticed for 20 minutes , then i spent10 looking for it . That kid -_- 
Well ... today is gonna be .... bleh . 
Google " Jo Calderone " 
Lady GaGa is not attractive as a man xD 
" I definitely hated Alex when I first met him . He had really big eyebrows and I was bummed because he was competing against my really big eyebrows . " 
-Jack Barakat . 
In Cali . 
My hair is a mess , as usual . /: 
Fun day with Becca xD 
We ordered pizza online xD 
School on Monday . I don't know if I'm ready D: 
I still can't fall asleep before 4 am D: hahahahah . 
I need numbers [: 
text your first and last name 284-9044 
Please and thank you [: 
" Tattoos and a switchblade attitude . Snakebite heart with a bubble smile . Sex in stereo , don't turn the radio down . " 
~ " Lost in Stero " -ATL 
^I just ordered the Losts in Stereo shirt off ATL's website . It's beautiful xD 
Don't make this easy , I want you to mean it . 
Today was such an interesting day O_o 
Who else is going to Mountain View ? 
I uploaded too many pics this week xD 
Help me pick a default ? 
3 hours of sleep . 
Yaaaayyy . 
KatieLoserpants [: 
TDWP is short for SMILEYFACEEEEE !!!!! <3 :D 
My phone autocorrected " chilis " to " cholos " . 
Win ? I think so . 
GRRR . 
FML . 
oh , so tired . 
mall tomorrow , perhaps ? [ : 
I am so out of it . 
Catching snowflakes on my tongue . [: 
Movie night . 
Yay [: My Lost in Stereo shirt just cameee [: 
That was quick xD 
" Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ? " 
No . No , we can't . 
Sticky notes are fun ;D 
Surprisingly happy . 
Who knows me best ? 
Full name . Age . Birthday . Eye color . Bestfriend . Nickname . Favorite 
Sport . Copy this to your status and see who really knows you ! ( : Haha . No one knows me x ] 
I think I'm gonna make a Page for Alex Gaskarth's British parents ;D 
Why is everyone a pokemon ? ._. 
jsdhfajkhfjasiamsotiredadskfajsjkdfskjfhsakjfhsakfjs 
Getting an old iPhone :P 
Bored . In the car on the way back to Vegas . Text me : 284-9044 :D 
Alt+F4 makes magicalness [: 
You should try it . 
Yay for outside-of-school drama ! /:< 
Preparing to embark on a magical journey to California ... 
It better be worth it ... I sacrificed Warped Tour for this ._. 
Some people are just ... UGH ! 
Just pre-ordered NSN's new album . 
Eh . Today could've been better . 
My dad yelled at me for no reason because he didn't give me a chance to explain . 
Shows how ignorant he is . 
Hi . Who knows what happened to the full/lite view button on Myspace ? 
It's official . 
" 16 and Pregnant " is the most annoying show ever . 
I love pissing people off on Omegle [: 
" Your Browser Appears Offline " 
LIAAARRRRR ! 
You make me happy [: 
OHEMGEE . BMTH's new album is by far the best :DDDDDDD 
I'm haaaaapppppppyyy :D 
You're like heroin . I must stab myself in order to enjoy you . ._. 
Looking for Alaska is a really good book so far [[: 
you're freakin awesome . 
Hahaha . My buddy Cesar and I are threatening each other with math terms . Ahhh , yess . 
I totally forgot to do this D: 
Rebecca Bowles no longer has possession of her Facebook account , so don't post on her wall or anything . 
So . Loud . 
Kthx . 
Oh ... wow . 
First day D: 
Heh . I got sprayed down with Chocolate Axe this morning . 
I won't lie , it smells good .... but not on me . Hahaha . 
I just saw a very small child with silly bands all the way up her arms . I suddenly feel so juvenile . 
Who's going to A Rocket to the Moon ?????!!?!?!??! 
Today was a fun/funny day xD 
" Jiggly .... Luscious ... Jerkish " HAHAHAHAHAH . 
Just to let you guys know , as a person who can see Roaring Springs from my upstairs window , I can tell you that it's completely DESERTED . 
Watching The Human Centipede . 
I'm going to puke xD 
Sitting in the kitchen with Andre Bourland 
Abby and Tucker Amend are in the hammock .... [; 
Such a good day [: 
Moustache . 
new computer [: 
" HEY ! THERE ARE SKITTLES IN THERE ! " 
" DON'T LET THE BEARD FOOL YOU , HE'S ONLY A CHILD ! " 
" heheheheh , It's funny because he's fat ! " 
5 days til Harmony :D 
I can't wait to hear the studio version of First Dance <3 
snow ... -.- 
Ok , is it just me , or is there no IM thingy , cuz I'm like freaking out . Hahahah . 
Pretzels . :{ D 
Who has Ping ? [ : 
I'm soooo mainstream ;D 
I know it's only a 4 day week , but seriously .... 
Finally , Friday . 
Soooo ... 
I'm gonna be sitting in the cold all day selling drinks to people -_- 
Today's pretty much gonna be torture . 
I'm surprised at how sad I am about the long weekend . I love my friends [: 
Let's hang out >:O 
Yes , I used an angry face to make it seem urgent . Haha . TEXT ME . 
What the heck is an " announcement " on formspring ? Because I accidentally hit the " send an announcement " button and I have no idea what it is D: 
Ohmygoodnesssss <3 NeverShoutNever's new albummm [: 
Aww . No more fireworks ): 
I know you never grow too old to play on the swings , but you can grow too big D: 
I don't want the new profile /: but apparently , I have no choice . Thanks Facebook . 
You know you might have issues when gum randomly falls out of your mouth ... 
Hahaha . Today was great [: 
#6954233 Hmmm , well , you provide me with immense entertainment while you are involved in intelligent conversations with a certain .... person . It's hilarious . 
B-Days are 3284723847238478324723847238479238 times better than A-Days [: 
Becca's heeeere !!!! 
PIZZA ! 
Gonna read " Looking for Alaska " ... who knows that book ? [ : 
Zombie [: 
ahhhh , my god . I'm going insaaaaane . O_O 
Heh . 
Back from orientation . 
It was quite ... hectic . 
Grrr >:O I don't want to end the summer by myself , at home listening to NeverShoutNever songs . I mean , I would love to do that any other day , but seriously ?! 
I need to do something exciting today /: 
Who wants to hang out ? 
ughhhh ! FML . 
So tired . /: 
I got pho :D 
Remember when Christofer Drew was blonde ? [ : 
I panic when I can't find my chapstick . That's not normal , is it ? 
New zodiac signs ? Whaaa ? I will miss being a libra/scorpio . My birthday is no longer special /: 
Wow , you're cool ._. 
I throw my Skittles in the air sometimes , singing aaaayyoo , taste the rainboooow ! 
Hehe . Goodnight [: 
DADT repealed :D 
My computer upsets me . 
Jiggly Jessi's hereee [: 
Going to Haunted World next week on Friday ( the 22nd ) . Text me if you wanna come with . My mom can pay for the tickets [: 
I don't want a snow day tomorrow . I want a snow on Thursday . Thursday is an A Day Dx 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
Hmmm , what am I thankful for ? I'm thankful for my health and happiness , my amazing friends , my adorable brother , and my parents who buy me stuff :D 
whoaa ... where'd the IM thingy go ? O: 
Compass buddies ... 
I really , really miss you guys . 
I was the loudest person in science today . 
And I'm not even that loud .... 
wtf ? xD 
Didn't go Black Friday shopping ): 
It's a-okayyy , there's still a music tee sale at HT and that's all I would've bought anyway . 
Hopefully they'll still have the good shirts :D 
Long dayyy . 
Heh ... " douchefaggotry " 
Gabby's Frazil = Sex . 
" I want some Sex ! " 
" Mmmmm , Sex is goooood " 
Oh , Cornerstone .... [ : 
I wonder how scratchy Oliver Sykes ' throat gets . 
I wonder if that's a weird thing to wonder about . xD 
" I suspect he's gonna grow up to become a pedophile . " 
[ x 
0 : 
So very hungry . 
Good day today ... I got a lot of hugs . Perhaps it's because of my Never Shout Never shirt :3 
Great . 
I was pissed off , so I broke my headphones . 
Now I'm pissed off and I want to listen to music , but I don't have headphones to do so . 
That pisses me off . 
When I'm scrolling down my news feed , I normally scroll past the statuses that say " comment the new pictures " without going to comment the new pictures . 
Just sayin ' :P 
Reading old IM logs makes me smile [: 
Despite the fact I'm tired as hell , today was a good day/ 
314 days ' til 11/11/11 :D 
BECCA AND NIVES ARE AWESOME 
KTHXBYE :D 
Is it just me , or was band absolutely terrifying today ? 
Dx 
Rebecca Bowles and Nives Rkman ! I THINK WE SHOULD HANG OUT >:O 
hehe [: 
Ohh , peer pressure xD 
Send me a number to my inbox and I will tell you what I think about you in my status without using your name ! :D 
Ohhhhh , sooo fun [: 
Who's in Rotchford's English ? 
Is the creative writing paper supposed to be typed ? 
" So I walked back to my room and collapsed on the bottom bunk , thinking that if people were rain , I was drizzle and she was a hurricane . " 
— John Green ( Looking for Alaska ) 
Ha . I'm such a loser <3 [: 
Snow /': 
I want to go home . 
Ugh . I don't know ._. 
Pleaseput this in your status if you know or LOVE someone who is gay . My wish for 2010 and beyond is that people will understand that being gay is neither a disease nor a choice . People who are gay are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS . 93% won't copy and paste this ....... Will you make it your status ? 
Twitter fail whale O:< 
Aggghhh . I'm so tired /: 
Supp ? [ : 
No more Facebook for me tonight [: 
talk to me ? 
2082849044 
Today was funnnn xD 
Yayy ! October is almost heeeeere ! 
Birthday , Haunted World , and Halloween :D 
I've been catching up with Pretty Little Liars all day xD 
I got my texting back [: 
I'm gonna die of boredom . Haha . 
Writing my speech on All Time Low . 
Yessir :D 
Well , the closer Homecoming gets , the more I want to go /: 
Who wants to hang out ? So I can take my mind off of what I might miss out on . 
Bored . 
Text me ? [ : 
I don't like long weekends . 
THERE WAS A SPIDER IN MY ROOM . IT CRAWLED ON MY BED AND MY FACE . OH MY GOD , I'M GOING TO CRY . 
I hate waiting for people . Especially when the exact opposite of what you were waiting for happens . 
Time to move on /: 
Without art , earth is just " eh " 
My feet hurt D:< 
I am the ocean . I am the sea . There is a world inside of me . 
Happy [: 
Remember when Christofer Drew was blonde ? xD 
Deleted Myspace . :D 
My little brother wants a man-purse .... 
I might wear a dress tomorrow if I feel like it . 
But I think I'll wake up and not feel like it . 
Haha . This status is pointless . 
bandgeek [: 
I fear that there's a large handprint .... 
on my butt . 
._. 
" AND THERE WAS AN ALLIGATOR , A WALRUS , AND THREE MEN DIED WITH AN AX ; A HATCHET TO THE FACE ! " 
:D 
NOOOO ! The Friday Night Boys are breaking up Dx 
Why ? /: 
SHUUUTUUUP , FACEBOOK . 
I don't want the New Profile -.- 
Someone . Socialize with me . Now . 
I haven't talked to anyone besides my brother for an hour . 
I swear , I'm freaking out D: 
Destery's beard is sexy . 
Who's with me ? 
Got my phone back . Lalalalaaaa [: 
text me . <3 
" I go to seek a Great Perhaps . " 
Tomorrow [: 
Don't forget , we've got unfinished business , stories yet to unfold , tales that must be retold , and I regret not knowing when to put an end to all this madness , keeps me wanting , keeps me wanting more ... 
I wanna get out of my freakin house . 
text me ? 
Wtffff ? 
Was yesterday " Everyone-Be-Super-Nice-To-Katie Day " or something ? 
So my mom won't let me cut my hair because , apparently , it's perfect right now . Oh well . 
Goodnight world :D 
I don't think I would be missing out on much without a Facebook :P 
I haaate youuuu , Bruno Mars Dx 
HAHAHAHA ! 
My brother says he's so strong , he can " BEND A PAPERCLIP " 
hahahaha . Ohhhh , I love that kid . 
I'd like to be in kindergarten again ._. 
Wow . Just because Myspace is dying , it doesn't mean you can be an attention whore on Facebook . 
Nope . 
Keep it on Myspace , kiddos . 
Hey , Nives Rkman ..... 
LET'S GET THESE TEEN HEARTS BEATING FASTER , FASTER ! 
" I can see her head " 
" SHE HAS A HEAD ?!?!?!?!? " 
Walked around the school barefoot all through 4th period 
" We're the party , you're the people and this is how we do . " 
" This is our decision to live fast and die young " 
iPhone is officially broken . 
Blah . 
Oh well , I'll live . 
Movies ! :D 
I'm gonna start my " Great Perhaps " photography projec t-t ype-thing on Saturday . 
And really , a Great Perhaps can be anything , I'm just gonna put " I go to seek a Great Perhaps " typography on each picture . 
Any ideas ? [ : 
Hmm . From what I've observed . Most guys look better in person than in their Facebook pictures . 
Some girls , the complete opposite . 
Snow melted :D 
Ehh blehhh D: 
I'm not gonna be able to close my eyes tonight without having that surgical scene replay in my head Dx 
Human Centipede is disturbing xD 
Concert tonight . I love dressing up . Haha . 
Fffuuuuu . 
I hate Facebook spam Dx 
Ugh . You're really good at making me feel like crap . 
" Dinosaurs , really ? You're too old for that . " 
" Shutup . I'm only 15 . " 
So tired -_- 
text meee . 
Uggggghhhhh . Headache . 
-_______- 
no phone . don't text . 
We can leave this world , leave it all behind . We can steal this car if your folks don’t mind . We can live forever if you’ve got the time . 
Incredibly bored . 
So I think someone should like text me .... now . 
Long day . No more facebook for tonight . Text me [: 
Should I cut my hair ? [: 
You know what's scary ? When you accidentally put your iPod on screen lock and forget that password . 
I love how he complains about how we never talk anymore , but takes 9 freakin ' hours to reply to my text . " Best friends " my butt -_____- 
Slow down , this night's a perfect shade of dark blue . Have you ever been alone in a crowded room when I'm here with you ? 
I said the world could be burning ' til there's nothing but dark blue ... 
Just dark blue . 
<3 [: 
DINOSAUR SHAPED CHICKEN NUGGETS ! 
YEEAAAHH ! :D 
I'm tempted to scroll down the news feed and like every single status . 
Is that normal ? 
Ugh . Since when were spidery eyelashes attractive ? Seriously , two coats of mascara is enough ._. 
My brother just came home with some Valentine's Day candy .... 
>;] 
#52 I remember when we met in 4th grade and I thought you were really stuck up , but then I think we became friends during the Oregon trail project and I started to realize how cool you were :D We were like best friends in 6th grade . I think you're so fun to be around and you're so real . Like , you don't even try to " fit in " and that makes you so likeable . I'm sooo glad we go to the same school again :D 
I like how some people can be such big jerks , they can get you to say things that make you feel like an asshole yourself /:< 
Facebook is no longer interesting . 
Some people are so boring . 
Listening to Motionless in White . No school tomorrow . Tired as hell . Facebook is boring . Bye . 
Rebecca Bowles has a pet can . 
Whoa . A lot of birthdays today 0 : 
Nothing better than a game of FMK in band ... 
Ok ... that was extremely disappointing but adorable at the same time .... 
Smile . 
Happy looks good on you . <3 
Can't sleep /:< 
Oh . My Goodness . 
Cornerstone was ... well ... 
Rebecca Bowles , Gabby Koi Subarashii , and Christine Gilleard 
^I don't think I need an explanation after that xD 
I hate how the same person has been in my dreams for the past two weeks -_____- 
Shut up and let me see your jazz hands . 
Looking through old pictures ... 
" I had braces ? What the eff , dude ! " 
It's Christmas and my phone is officially broken . 
Stupid iPhone [: 
Who wants to hanggg ? [ : 
Text me ? 
Temporary dinosaur tattoos . [: 
You are ... onthetopofmylistofthingstodo [; 
Ugh . I hate Saturdays . 
Why can't my brother just go to some friend's house ? /: 
All caught up with Pretty Little Liars . 
I'm officially obsessed . 
Now I have to read the books ... :P 
I haven't received a text message since tuesday . 
Fml . 
Whoa . Pierce the Veil is breaking up ? 
This cannot be true D ' : 
Wtfusdhfjsklh . 
Is it just me , or does Oliver Sykes look kinda like John Lennon ? O_o 
Dirty Work expected in March ? MARCH ? Really ? 0 : < 
Talked about mining in science today . 
" DON'T GIVE ALCOHOL TO MINERS !!! SEE WHAT I DID THERE ? " 
;D 
It's funny how I receive a text immediately AFTER I check my phone xP 
Today , well .... it was pretty effin ' good [: 
There . 
Their . 
They're . 
kthxbai . 
New Scheduuuule ! 
A-Days : 1 : Drawing . 2 : Spanish I B . 3 : Earth Sci . 4 : Concert Band 
B-Days : 1 : Global Persp . 2 : Alg 1 . 3 : Cornerstone . 4 : English . 
Well ... I finally took the first photo for a project that started last week . 
My procrastination is getting out of hand . 
me : " Describe yourself in 1 sentence . " 
Tarren : " Tarren Franklin : a man that has a sexy body ... " 
Haaa <3 xD 
I feel like throwing up . 
Well , time for school ! 
Well , that was kinda disappointing /:< 
Oh . I love my friends . 
So much . <3 
There's always a little truth behind every JK 
