writers block ... 
just got home from the michigan game ... thats right marcus get owned 
cant sleep i need something to do !!! 
coming home today 
THATS RIGHT SHANE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IN YOUR STUPID FACE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1111 
time to sleep my sorrows away ... i hate the jets 
my story was the shit ... 
I must learn the art of storytelling for 2nd hour tomorrow ... my story is gonna b the best 
eating a carmel apple 
College GameDay ... Go Boise State , Michigan , and whoever is playing Notre Dame !!! 
eating bacon pizza barbecue pringles and flamin hot muchies . good dinner 
" there should be like a separate billboard chart that has to do with clever marketing plans . So like McDonalds would be right up there with McNuggets then like you know those bands you mentioned would be up there . thats how those should be rated thats that kind of a chart they shouldnt really be on a music chart . " Maynard James Keenan on Lincoln Park 
sitting at danielles computer while she showers/waiting for steve ... apparently we r jumping in leaves ... 
best and worst day of my year so far ... whatever im just gonna sit here and listen to btbam and ill be fine 
just got the coolest idea ever and it will be the shit if i can pull it off 
Another pats victory !!!!! it seems like thats one of the few things i care about these days 
finished my essay ... took bout 15min it probably sucks real bad but im not proof reading it because i have more pressing issues to deal with 
i didnt do anything today ... there werent even any good football games to watch but sometimes it is nice to sit by yourself and just think about things 
am i the only one who hates it when people randomly stop talking to u and wont tell u why ? 
wishes he didnt suck at guitar 
can somebody please come up with a title for my essay its about losing yourself and i can't seem to think of a title I'm satisfied with 
finally home 
writing ...? 
... WOMAN I SAID NO MAYO !!! 
bed ... then bama in the morning 
nothing to do today ... this really sucks . 
i was told that i have beautiful ears yesterday by a drunk old lady i had never met before ... yet that wasnt as awkward as when she was kissing boozer 
loves otc field trips ... dont have to go to clarkston tomorrow 
is a heads up 7 up pro 
goin to alabama tomorrow 
long day of traveling but nice to be with the fam =] 
learning how to sweep cuz im that bored 
just got a snuggie ... best christmas ever 
playing that axe 
needs to get a life 
needs a haircut 
school tomorrow ... not gonna b able to fall asleep till like 5 so whats the point im only going for 1 hour anyway 
hates the new york jets 
Night Cat 
actually writing my essay after a week of procrastonating 
DO THE ARM WRESTLE !!!! 
has short hair 
18 ! 
just ate at miyako for my ba ba ba birfday and cuttin my hair tomorrow 
king crimson 
4 square/bon fire birthday party this weekend =] 
" People think i hate The Beatles , because i tell people that i hate The Beatles . But in reality , i kinda like The Beatles . " 
" Go back to what our founders and our founding documents meant -- they're quite clear -- that we would create law based on the God of the bible and the Ten Commandments . " ~ Sarah Palin 
Laser Speed . 
shreepy shreepy 
MSU game was a doozy . 
I'm feeling helpful . Tell me what i can do to improve your life and ill try to the best of my abilities to make it happen . 
come to Danielle's but you gotta be off the roads by 1:30 lol 
The average life expectancy for a goose is 25 years . 
A female mackerel lays about 500,000 eggs at a time . 
boal all day 
Time for a solid round of nine . 
Just pocket dialed 911 ... oops . 
Thank you Aaron Rodgers , may i have another . 
New Laptop :) 
wow , that's a low price . 
Anyone wanna buy an ESP F-404 red bass ? 
We collide with preaching flames tonight 
Free Tropical Smoothie ... WTF ?!?!?!?! 
tearing apart the deck so my wonderful sister can come home and paint it ! :) 
FOOTBALL !!!!!!! 
i need ideas for a song stat . 
If you pet a cat 70,000,000 times , you will have developed enough static electricity to light a 60-watt light bulb for one minute . 
Rusted concrete fills my head with visions of indigo fields . 
Had a good time last night . Happy Birthday Lauren Nolin !!!!!!! Tigers game later 
red light on . 
Fake Plastic Trees . 
at western all day 
blow out the stars 
Are you listening now ? 
THAT'S RIGHT GET OWNED COLORADO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
half way done rebuilding the deck . when thats done someone gets to stain it . nose goes 
can't sleep . 
Born to cut lawn . 
Who would wish this on our people ? 
Philosophy homework ... Yaaaaaaaayyyyyyy !!!!! 
simplicity = win ? 
Thomas Edison was afraid of the dark . 
sunburn :( 
What up GC ! 
This is a really big lamp shade ... 
Current body temperature ... 101.6 one bottle of vick's nyquil ... priceless 
When something says that it will go from 10 to 20 to 30 to 40 it is NOT implied that it will skip 10 and 20 and go directly to 30 then 40 . 
Back to the ' ol grind . 
still rediculously sick ... how long can this possibly last ? 
Nothing better than some good old harmonics laid down over a deep bass line . 
soooooooo sick 
Time to take her home . 
99.1 ... not even a fever anymore hopefully I'll be done with this soon 
I have two classes tuesdays one from 12- 3:45 and one from 5-7 its my long day of the week but its alright 
Shreepy rittle bishop . 
Explosions in the Sky . 
I am now officially an Aquarius . This changes everything , and i do mean EVERYTHING . 
happy hemmingday !! 
Wasps feeding on ferment sometimes get drunk and pass out . 
Needs a sociological issue to write a paper on . 
Step after step we try controlling our fate , when we finally start living it's become too late . 
Bass player , play me that phunk . 
Germany !!! 
" And as there are two principles of human nature , one the spirited and 
the other the philosophical , some God , as I should say , has given 
mankind two arts answering to them ( and only indirectly to the soul and 
body ) , in order that these two principles ( like the strings of an 
instrument ) may be relaxed or drawn tighter until they are duly 
harmonised . " 

Nothin like some good old Socrates to end your day . 
the human heart pumps 1,500,000 gallons of blood a year 
Can't sleep ... Guess I'll just have to listen to more Dream Theater 
out to find that presidential robot . 
Going to the Place to do the Thing . Sooooooooooooooooooooooo excited !!!!!!! 
Colors 
Film Final Tomorrow ... I got this . 
Never gonna do this math hw . Goin costume shopping tomorrow , idk what to be . 
WHAT ?!?!?!?!?!?!?! 
Off to class . 
Central till Sunday . 
That's right NO . Get some . 
Feelin ' like a hand in rusted chain . 
The air is unfit to breathe , our food is unfit to eat . 
Robbed ... 
Study . Sleep . Wake up in 5 hours . Take Sociology test . 
Back home . 
Free intrnet on the plane ? Whaaaaaaat ? 
The Mars Volta . 
She walks backwards so you don't have to turn . 
" Anything that happens , happens . Anything that , in happening , causes something else to happen , causes something else to happen . Anything that , in happening , causes itself to happen again , happens again . It doesn't necessarily do it in chronological order , though . " -Douglas Adams 
Gonna pick up Lauren Hobson from the airport ! 
I walk backwards so you don't have to turn . 
Un Chien Andalou . Watch it . 
Children of Nova . Look ' em up . 
Never get out of the boat . Absolutely goddamn right . Unless you were going all the way . 
Dreams are a curse , you know . 
If you thouht Janet Jackson's boob was inapropriate , what do you think of those people wearing boxes on their heads ? 
Explosions in the Sky ... so chill ... so good . 
Dude , you have no Koran ! 
Tim Duncan 100 fantasy points tonight . Yes . 
where are you going with the mask i found ? 
You may ask yourself how does ones fantasy football team play 8 of 9 and put up 14.5 ? It's because my opponent is unlucky . or at least thats what he likes to think . 
Shower then Central for the weekend . 
Really enjoyed The Fighter . 
Reading me some Karl Marx . 
So much snow ! :D Can't wait for the golf couse . 
Plush . 
Maybe going to the Giants Vikings game tomorrow . 
lol Jets . 
Lauren Hobson and Emily Kelly both made posts so I figured i was the cool thing to do . 
Back to Michigan today . 
I'm not saying they're Nazi's . I'm saying they are behaving like the soldiers Hitler used . 
I love Markus Rogers so much ! 
Class canceled ... well now what do I do ? 
Sick Rick don't feel so good . :( 
Nothing ever goes bump in Daniel's night . 
