MY BABY TURNS ONE TODAY !!!!!!!! 
Wow i just spend an hour and a half cleaning my fridge . BREAK TIME ! .... now 4 that freezer . GRR ! 
sick of bieng lied to all the time 
ugh ready for bed ... kinda bored must be the fresh air 
wow woke up to a crazy hail storm !! awesome lol 
hahaha : no more alcohol for me ! im cut off ! 
Getting very sleepy 
I really wish i could take a nap !!!! 
you may think that I am quiet . Just you wait , there is a crazy girl inside that is just waiting to escape . Muahahahahahaha ! 
So VERRY stressed 
I really hope this nasty weather goes around us 2nght . 
hahaha steve is laughing his ass off cuz Sierra is saying necklace bt it sounds like ... n*ger . 
stupid storms wish i culd just go to bed ! 
Friendships and Relationships are 2-way streets , so if you find yourself doing all of the work and/or they are playing games , it is time to cut them loose ! 
im goin to sell these two girls to the gypsies ... grr 
tryin to drink bt nt really feelin it 
sitting at home now bien bored outa my mind wish we coulda stayed one more night ! ... sad 
Omg ! i am soooo tired and i still have to drive 2 tomah 2 take lucas to school . 
but at least we found sumthing that worked ! .... finally . 
darn sitting here at the dentist n getting very hungry lol go fig huh 
Wonderful clara wont let me out of her site . Pain in the neck . 
huge fire ! 
I feel very unmotivated 
for some reason i am awake at 4 in the morning and i wish i knew why .. 
Omg clara is bieng such a brat today 
got the boys going to enroll them in school today down here . Exited but its going to be hard with all four . 
same shit diff day 
GRRRR !!!!!!!!! 
on my way to lake wazze with 3 older kids and the husband !! 
i cant wait to go out and to get my new phone ! i need one soo bad ! 
Just woke up was having very very bad dream/s 
PACKERS WAVE !!! : „ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤ KEEP THE WAVE GOING !!! ¸„ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤øº HERE WE GO , PACKERS , HERE WE GO !! ¤¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸¸ø¤º°¨„ø¤º°¨ ¨°º WAVING THE CHEESEHEAD „ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤ HERE WE GO , PACKERS , HERE WE GO !! ¸„ø¤º°¨°º¤øº WAVING THE CHEESEHEAD GREEN BAY PACKERS TIME .... GREEN BAY PACKERS Time !!!! • *¨* • ?? Here We Go ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? 
i wish it could be 2mrrw so id feel normal again- cry 
how crappy that pict looks i was so tired that day . i look like i was on drugs . 
guna go do sum fishing .. oops guess not 
bought sierra a potty seat 4 the toilet n she went right away !!! but she wouldnt go in her potty . 
i so cant wait until 2morrow 
i think i grew 20 more gray hairs today 
i need a nap . Cry . 
Going camping for a night ! 
Making homemade lemon cookies ! Yum ! thank u steve 4 piking up what i needed . U rock ! 
At the dentist very very scared . 
Sad 
Lets go ! 
Clara is such a dancing diva !! she my little booty shakin baby !! :) 
i give up 
VeRy Sick of it all . 
quit poking me steve u knw how much i like it 
in pain enjoying a nice painkiller buzz 
loving the snow !!! 
Getting ready to get off my bum turn on the music n clean my house ! 
Well this is gay kids r sleeping n r last pak a smokes is wet 
Thnkng bout saying fu*k the dishes and doing my 48 min burn and firm pilates workout to release some aggression . 
getting up @ 5:30 in the morning sucks 
hmm not much ready for bed though n kinda upset that a friend is leaving me n that she is having a hard time n nothing i can do about it ! 
I love watching u play with the girls . They love it so much . So cute . 
RANDOM DANCING !!!!!! Lmao 
Poor Clara . Sierra wont let her have any toys . then again clara at ten months old bullies Sierra . cant wait til they get older .... Not ! it is kinda cute they fight already though . 
bored very very bored 
very very worried about my boys !!!! 
i cant wait to watch the new HOUSE tonight . 
Cant wait to get my boys 2mrw ! 
took the boys back to thier dads im going to miss them n be worried about them ! 
truth hurts ... but lies , secrets and deception hurt more 
Lmfao ! i get such a kick outa watching clara dancE . Where she gets it from i dnt know ! 
WiSH 4 A NEW LIFE 
Omg lucas told me hes never seen ' Aladdin ' b4 . I told him he was deprived ! 
i am deleting farmville it is a wast of my time ! 
love club z on friday nights ! 
I loved you the minute I knew I was pregnant . I loved you the minute you were born . Then I saw your face & fell in love some more . You were only a minute old but I knew I would die for you , & to this day I still would . When you choose to have a child , you make a conscious decision to allow your heart to walk outside of your body . Put this on ur status if u have children u love more than life . 
so very bored . Just been loungin around all day . nothing to do . Taking a lazy day i guess . 
Thnkng bout saying fu*k the dishes and doing my 48 min burn and firm pilates workout to release some aggression . ... hmm yup thnk i better . 
the thing about going camping with kids is it feels like ur taking everything but the kitchen sink hahaha 
Clean , clean , clean 
i am so exited i am getting total gym in 1 to 2 weeks . comes with the ab crunch and accessory kit for free . cant wait !!!!!!!!!!! 
Oatmeal raisin cookies r in the oven ! 
poeple are so fucking dumb its depressing lol . . 
Please copy and paste this into your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face except a punch in the ... face . 93% of people won't repost this .... Why ? Because they probably need a punch in the face ! 
? I've carried a child within my body , ive slept with them on my chest , been puked and peed on , spent sleepless nights in a rocking chair , i will kiss boo boos and mend broken hearts , but i wouldnt have it any otherway , my body isnt magazine perfect , but when i look in the mirror i see ... a mom , and there isnt any greater honor or blessing !! Make this your status if your proud to be a mom ? 
O M G ! HAD SO MUCH FUN LAST NIGHT ! 
Do I work ? Yes ! I work 24 hours a day . Why ? Because I'm a MOMMY . I am a cook , a cleaner , a parent , a teacher , a referee , a nanny , a nurse , a snot rag , a jungle gym , a pony , a handyman , a maid , a security officer and a comforter . I don't get holidays , sick-pay , or a day OFF . I work through the day and the night . I am on call at all hours . Now tell me my job isn't a real one ! Re-post if you are a MOMMY 
so very very sore from working out last night ... never asssume your in shape even when you work out all the time hahaha 
Put this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being a Bears fan . Being a Bears fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . There is no known cure for BFD , and sympathy does not help but we can raise awareness . 100% of Packers fans will repost this , simply because we know how to copy and paste ..... 
woooohooo !!!! 
so freakin happy !!! just got federal back . going to get the boys n do some shopping with the girlies !!!! 
woohoo ! got my own internet now !!! 
same four walls . oh and i get to give clara another bath even though she just had one 2 hours ago cuz she covered in ketchup . why dont they EVER STAY CLEAN !!!!!!! 
I need a beer or something stronger 
i may be bad but im perfectly good at it 
my first protien shake was a failure . still going to drink it though . lessons learned . next time ill get it right lol 
Do any of us really know everybody on our friend list ? Here is a task for you . I want all my FB friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . You will be amazed at the results you get in 12 hours . 
( please dont say anything stupid ) 
ten to 6 n clara wakes me up . now sierra is awake also . going to be a loooong day . 
BILLY BLANKS TAEBO INSANE ABS WORKOUT ..... I GIVE YOU A TEN ! 
If you have a wonderful man , who helps balance your whole world , who isn't perfect but is perfect for you . Who works hard and would do anything for you . Who makes you laugh and drives you crazy , who is your best friend , who you want to grow old with and who you are thankful for every day and who you could not live without . Brag about him a little and re-post this as your status . 
I am going to take this HUGHES NET satelite and Hughes NET modem and shove it up thier where the sun dont shine !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! im getting ready to call them and tell them JUST that !!! 
thank you to my wonderful husband for the beautiful dozen white roses you brought me home yesterday when i was sick !!!! love you ! you rock !!! 
sick of being sick ... uuugggh 
my girls are awesome ! dancing around the kitchen to disturbed and bottoms up ! clara got down low again " dropped down with her hands up " sooo cute !!!! thats my girl :) 
Today is the start of our one year anniversary weekend ! I hear the whirlpool suite calling my name :) so can not wait until steve gets off work later ! 
well we're back . nice to be home even though it was very hard to leave that whirlpool suite . miss it already . 
I have a personal reason for asking if everyone could please post this as his/her status for 1 hour . Think of the ones you know or love who have or had cancer . My wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for 1 hour ? Do it for all . There are too many to mention who have fought and who are fighting . I hope to see this in all my friends ' statuses . 
going to kick this computer in the nuts 
giving the girlie's a bath so they can eat dinner later and look like they never had one :) 
would someone please go on my homestead in frontierville and unwither my potatos . would be very much appreciated . 
yuck ! didnt know it was going to do this today , but then again these snowflakes are huge .... and i guess .. kinda pretty lol 
stupid internet . all i wanted to do was get my ravenwood fair fix n it wont load anything .... again . 
workout , veg on junkfood n facebook . thinking maybe i should go workout again . 
its a protien smoothie kinda morning 
I am so FREAKIN happy that i will be getting the boys this weekend for Sierra'S birthday . She is also going to be super excited which just makes it all that much better . - Sierra woke up looking so beautiful this morning . Def . like a little princess . (: 
dont know if i will be able to sleep 2night . have lots to do tomorrow and over the weekend with sierra's party and having all 4 kids . Going to Chippewa to get boys etc . etc . 
So today we celebrated at my mom's for Sierra's birthday . Tomorrow will be here for this side . I uploaded some pic'S if anyone wants to check them out . She is def . a spoiled princess . We got her a Tangled Doll . Grandma n grandpa bought her a princess purse with all sorts of girlie BLING ! Kids played in the park . Sun came out and it heated up , that was nice . For sure a good day . 
going to go clean now .... yipee 
Very happy today . Got my boxing bag n speed bag hooked back up today . After lugging all 100 pounds of it up from the basement(the bag ) . 
going to go clean the house n then take girls outside to play . Sun is coming out .... yeah ! 
not good worried bout my ' BABY " not going to sleep till he wakes up to make sure he's OK 
Clara's diarrea poop ended up on my Total Gym ...... great day so far 
the fact that its friday means nothing to me 
I'm a dumbass . Wanted my boxing bag put back up soooooo bad and now it is getting rained n snowed on . Go fig . only in wisconsin . im pretty sure i remember wearing tank tops just a few days ago .... wierd .. i must a been dreaming . 
