watchd iron man ..... muvee's good ,, bad luck didnt see it b4 
backa again 
jst repaird my pc myslf ......................... i m good 
sry ! 4 sndng dat stupid test invitation ........... happened automatically 
watchd qntm of solace n waters of mars yesterday , know its too late ....... 
i have mac now !!!! jst osx not imac but still its gr8 
hey ! any one of u a doctor who fan ??????? 
lost all my phone numbers from cell !!!! help me pls(if u have any idea ) 
i m school's headboy , n main vo sab karke dikhaunga jo aaj tak kisi headby ne nahi kiya hai ....... ( howz dis ) 
hpy holi to ol 
koi 11th ka bachha mujhe eng . ka syllabus bata do ...... 
watchd dorian gray 2day .... excellnt movie but buk se story thodi changed hai ...... 
i wanna tell her somethng but dnt know how to 
watch paranormal activity 2day///////a must watch !!!!!! gr8 movie 
hurt locker dekhi ???????? mast hai na ? ask me for it agar chahiye to .... 
please pay heed to my earlier post ...... 
tries mandriva instanton .......................... bsst lite os yet .... boots widin 10sec ..... rly gr8 
finally removed dat post////////badi problms kar di thi usne 
found m love 4 12th klass 
Puberty is a phase ... fifteen years of rejection is a lifestyle . [ Stanford]” 
i feel like murdering her ......................... 
he he !!!! vaapas a he gaya main !!!!!!! 
there's nothing different about being different 
hey !!!! bhagvaan bas physics ka paper achha kara do , is baar sachhi mein 51 ladkiyo ko behen banaunga !!!!! sachi !!!! bhagvaan kasam ! ^_^ 
to finally , pachvi baar bhagvaan ne meri sun li !!! 
ab as i promised , mujhe list b deni hai ......... 
to ladkiyapls volunteer karein meri behen banne k liye !!!!! 
n pls pls pls ek aadhi rehne dena !!!! kuch to izzat rakho meri , sabko behen nahi banaunga 
http://in.lifestyle.yahoo.com/people/bollywood-stars-makeup-article-ilmx.html 
What ho !!!! 
So is there nothing else left on this planet ??????????? 
Q : What is the difference between cricket and football ? 
A : Football is slightly MORE interesting than watching grass grow . 
" Baseball has the great advantage over cricket of being sooner ended . " 
George Bernard Shaw 
oye !!! kisi ko b pata hai yeh boolean algbra mein closure property kya hoti hai ????? 
ok ! so dis was y japan disappeared 4m d news ? 
" The road up and the road down are one and the same . " 
" My tongue swore , but my mind's unsworn . " 
" A line is length without breadth . " 
" A fool's brain digests philosophy into folly , science into superstition , and art into pedantry . Hence University education . " 
oye has any1 noticed school ki saari teachers fb pe a gai hain ..... 
kuch to galat hai ... 
" People demand freedom of speech to make up for the freedom of thought which they avoid . " 
ahhhhh !!! to finally JEE de he dia , vo b bina soye !!!! 
mera bigst achievemnt !! vaise itna hard b nahi tha . ///////// tumhara kaisa gaya ??? 
Achin Talwar , Srishti Surjan , Nikita Arora , Manan Jain , Vivek Gupta , Rahul Sen 
" You may not be interested in war , but war is interested in you . " 
SatyaPrakash Pareek thnx !!! 
varna thodi besti ho jati !! 
" The only difference between me and a madman is that I'm not mad . " 
" If you can't get rid of the skeleton in your closet , you'd best teach it to dance . " 
" I'm all in favor of keeping dangerous weapons out of the hands of fools . Let's start with { Facebook } . " 
" Maybe this world is another planet's Hell . " 
" I have often regretted my speech , never my silence . " 
What I am looking for is a blessing not in disguise . 
" God , please save me from your followers ! " 
" Tragedy is when I cut my finger . Comedy is when you walk into an open sewer and die . " 
" Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't " 
" Everything has been figured out , except how to live . " 
" You can pretend to be serious ; you can't pretend to be witty . " 
" The gods too are fond of a joke . " 
kuch logo ki to puri life ko explain karti hai yeh line 
" The average person thinks he isn't . " 
" The difference between fiction and reality ? Fiction has to make sense . " 
" It's not the size of the dog in the fight , it's the size of the fight in the dog . " 
To Naina Last park mein kab milne a rahi ho hum sab se ? 
Priyanka Bhatti Lalit Nagar Sid Singh 
" There's many a bestseller that could have been prevented by a good teacher . " 
" He would make a lovely corpse . " 
" History is more or less bunk . " 
Koi hai ? 
“I like work ; it fascinates me . I can sit and look at it for hours . ” 
“There is no fun in doing nothing when you have nothing to do . ” 
ROyal Wedding hai to main kya karu ? 
Osama Killed , Iraq Bombed , pakistan in ur clutches with india tailing behind n Russia already in ruins ..... 
wow !!!! 
Now no 1 can even say a word against 
OUR DEAR JUST GOD " United States America " 
Men fight for freedom , then they begin to accumulate laws to take it away from themselves 
A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it 
The world is a stage , but the play is badly cast . 
education kills !!!! 
War does not determine who is right , only who is left . 

~ Bertrand Russell 
u r brn widout anythng but u die wid ur name.so dat name mst nt a mere wrd.it must be HISTORY .... 
a sunday with no h.w. n a gud movie to watch .......................... wat more does 1 need ? 
few years ago I chased a woman for almost two years , only to discover that her tastes were exactly like mine : we both were crazy about girls . 
m in love !!!!! with BBC asian network !!!!! 
Don’t hit at all if it is honorably possible to avoid hitting ; but never hit softly . 
~ Theodore Roosevelt 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YPmYQ77JSI4 
' You have to stand outside the box to see how the box can be re-designed . ' 
" I always say , keep a diary and some day it'll keep you . " 
hey ! just checked my connection speed today ! n its 512kbps now .... hurray 
was just wondering humein apne first crush ka naam yaad rehta hai ? mujhe to yaad hai , her name's mrunal godse ....... wat aboout you all ? 
experiencng aftr a lng tym , how it feels to b online at 1 :)) am 
A gentleman is simply a patient wolf . 
mujhe fir se neend na aane ka rog lag gaya . . . . . . . he ! he ! 
People must understand that children with disabilities do not have a disease ; children with disabilities are not looking for a cure but acceptance ........ 93% of people won't copy and paste this , Will you be one of the 7% that does ............... and make this your status for at least an hour !! 
nothing is often a good thing to do and always a clever thing to say . 
a beauiful woman is always in love !!!!! 
with herself .. 
iron man 2's releasng tomorrow !!!!! koi dekhega ? 
pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis 
aaj se main skul ka hd boy ni raha .... puri kahani batau kya ????? a warning for u all , internet's being watched by humare skul ki so called discipline commitee(samajh ni a raha unhe itna faltu tym kaise milta hai ) ........ 
http://image.spreadshirt.com/image-server/image/composition/4907184/view/1/producttypecolor/231/type/png/width/378/height/378/i-do-not-fear-satan-art-text-slogan-apparel-have-high-quality-printed-slogans-with-wit-to-last-the-ages_design.png 
pc repaired , connection repaired , m bak onl9 after 4 long days 
i want your love not your sympathy ............... who said this ? 
A celebrity is a person who works hard all of their life to become well known , and then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognized 
u can not b young 4ever but u can always be immature !!! :) 
hey bhagvan bas qualifying tests postpone kara do ........ 51 ladkiyo ko behen ki nazar se dekhunga 
i wish i cud turn back tym 
There are women who do not like to cause suffering to many men at a time , and who prefer to concentrate on one man : These are the faithful women . 
aaj maine prince of persia dekh he li ...... achhi khasi movie hai ..... aur aj se main reviews padna band kar dunga :-( 
I never play cricket . It requires one to assume such indecent postures . 
27 hrs without sleep , I've made a record !!!!! 
par abhi b neend nahi a rahi !!!!! 
kya mujhe insomnia ho gaya ? 
people !!!!! tell me wats so cool about dese birthday calender every1's tagging u onto ???? 
do we need to b reminded by others when v were born ???? 
The tragedy of life is what dies inside a man while he lives . 
There is only one thing in life worse than being talked about , and that is not being talked about . 
ha ha@@@ my lucky days r bak , ab ek ek ki lunga , ab mujhe koi dar nahi kisi b baat ka 
Television is a device that permits people who haven't anything to do to watch people who can't do anything . 
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains , because the average man can see better than he can think 
Arrey ! yeh kaise ho gaya ???? main pass ho gaya chem mein aur vo b izzatdaar numbero se ......... ^_^ 
mere exam to khatm ho gaye !!!!!!! 
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake . 
~ Napoleon Bonaparte 
There are three things men can do with women : love them , suffer for them , or turn them into literature . 
I like long walks , especially when they are taken by people who annoy me . 
I'm a babe magnet ... just the wrong end 
Better to have loved and lost , than to have never loved at all 
There are : 
-- two kinds of secrets : those that are not worth keeping and those that are too good to keep . 
She had a pretty gift for quotation , which is a serviceable substitute for wit . 
You only live once , but if you do it right , once is enough . 
Lucy in the sky with crackers 
happy diwali 
http://www.avaaz.org/en/wikileaks_petition_fb_ad/95.php?CLICKTF 
Experience is what you get when you don’t get what you want . 
The most precious things in life are note those one gets for money . 
For 
a week , change your profile picture on Facebook to one of your 
favourite cartoon characters from your childhood . The aim of the game ? 
To not see human heads on Facebook but a true invasion of childhood 
memories :) 
I dislike death , however , there are some things I dislike more than death . Therefore , there are times when I will not avoid danger . 
~ Mencius 
In my life i have done many mistakes , sum of them have caused serious harm to many people including me , so sry every1 ........... i want another chance !!!! i wanna win bak every1's trust ............... i wanna live life as simplified as it can be , 
so i confess it was always me who was wrng ............... n i the 1 responsible 4 everythng bad ........ 
" Just once I'd like someone to call me ' Sir ' without adding ' You're making a scene . '" - Homer Simpson 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D9uzD4jLshI&feature=related 
A committee is a group of people who individually can do nothing but together can decide that nothing can be done . 
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's 
birthday but never remembers her age . 
The marvelous thing about a joke with a double meaning is that it can only mean one thing . 
-Ronnie Barker 
Never let a fool kiss you , or a kiss fool you . 
kisi ko LIE TO ME dekhne mein interest hai ???? 
kyunki mere pass uske dono seasons hainhe he 
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ah aha ha ah aha haa 
mera inrtrnt cnction finally sahi ho gaya .... ab maze ayenge ...... 
hey ! listen ! i have 2 sweet words for you 
. 
FUCK OFF !!!!!! 
When I was born I was so surprised I didn't talk for a year and a half . 
ypppiii !! mere pass " A THOUSAND SUNS " hai !!!! its amazing . n catalyst's L . P . ' s best ... 
" Ghosts , like ladies , never speak till spoke to . " 
-Richard Harris Barham 
Every saint has a past and every sinner has a future . 
We can't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them . 
My own business always bore's me to death ; I prefer other people's . 
A telescope will magnify a star a thousand times , but a good press agent can do even better . 
Some cause happiness wherever they go ; others whenever they go . 
" Me fail English ? That’s unpossible ! " 
I always have trouble remembering three things : chemical reactions , names , and - I can't remember what the third thing is . 
That man is the richest whose pleasures are the cheapest . 
~ Henry David Thoreau 
I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying 
When winds of change blow , some build walls , others build windmills . 
Desperation is a necessary ingredient to learning anything , or creating anything . Period . If you ain't desperate at some point , you ain't interesting . 
fete khatm hui to yaad aya ! kal to physics prac hai !!!! oh !! god 
chalo jab theory mein fail to prac mein pass hone ki kya zarurat ? 
When a man of forty falls in love with a girl of twenty , it isn't her youth he is seeking but his own 
Let us leave the beautiful women to men with no imagination . 
" In the End , we will remember not the words of our enemies , but the silence of our friends . " 
My opinions may have changed , but not the fact that I am right . 
I prefer the word homemaker , because housewife always implies that there may be a wife someplace else 
Some see the glass as half-empty , some see the glass as half-full . I see the glass as too big . 
Be to her virtues very kind , 
Be to her faults a little blind . 
The fascination of shooting as a sport depends almost wholly on whether you are at the right or wrong end of the gun . 
" Sometimes the road less traveled is less traveled for a reason . " 
aaj maine ek naya smiley invnt kiya ( hope k ye naya he ho)6_9 
" It's amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world every day always just exactly fits the newspaper . " 
When a man talks dirty to a woman , it's sexual harassment . When a woman talks dirty to a man , it's rs . 10 a minute . 
Fathers should be neither seen nor heard . That is the only proper basis for family life . 
There are two different kinds of people in this world : those who finish what they start , and 
Everyone has the ability of making someone happy , some by entering the room , others by leaving it . 
Millions long for immortality who don't know what to do with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon . 
Everybody's Perfect , God makes no Mistakes 
(^_^) 
" When one person suffers from a delusion it is called insanity ; when many people suffer from a delusion it is called religion . " 
http://www.hartford-hwp.com/archives/45a/058.html 
Men always want to be a woman's first love - women like to be a man's last romance 
Consistency is the last refuge of the unimaginative . 
Hatred is blind , as well as love 
Education is an admirable thing , but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught . 
I am not young enough to know everything . 
You can get by on charm for about 15 minutes . After that , you better know something . 
when d bst actor's chosen by actors , its called oscar ; 
when d best actor's chosed by people , it's called election . 
I can resist anything except temptation 
I can believe anything as long as it is incredible . 
" You will always be fond of me . I represent to you all the sins you never had the courage to commit " 
Every portrait that is painted with feeling is a portrait of the artist , not of the sitter 
maths maths !!!! kon integration kr k ja raha hai , achhe se ???? 
DIWALI DIWALI DIWALI DIWALI DIWALI DIWALI 
a gayi !!!!! maza a gaya ................................. DIWALI DIWALI DIWALIi luv u/ 
' There is nothing as useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all . ' 
give me an intrnt conection , n i wil give u everythng else . . . . . . 
wikileaks !!!! 
d bst thng that could ever happen 
download all docs 
through torrent 
http://torrents.thepiratebay.org/4034919/WikileakS.org_mirror_archive_(Feb_10th_2008 ) . 4034919 . TPB . torrent 
A man can be happy with any woman as long as he does not love her . 
Barish hui aur bheeg gaye hum 
wah wah 
barish hui aur bheeg gaye hum 
are aage kya hua ..? 
hona kya tha rajnikant ne phook mari aur sukh gaye hum ... 
" No one can make you feel inferior without your consent . " 
do u know ??? 
The Bermuda Triangle used to be the Bermuda Square , until Rajinikanth kicked one of the corners off . 
Conversation about the weather is the last refuge of the unimaginative . 
" You can avoid reality , but you cannot avoid the consequences of avoiding reality . " 
getting a lyf !!!! 
" We are all in the gutter , but some of us are looking at the stars . " 
Change is inevitable and so is its destruction ! 
The difference between literature and journalism is that journalism is unreadable and literature is not read . 
there are two kinds of statistics : the kind that you look up and the kind that you make up . 
Life is too important to be taken seriously . 
The girls that are always easy on the eyes are never easy on the heart . 
' Professionals built the Titanic - an amateur built the Ark . ' 
finaly aaj diwali a he gai !!!! 
happy diwali to ol of u , get loads of gifts(achhe wale ) 
ha ha ha ha ha !!! main a gaya vapus fb pe ........... ab no1 will get bored ^_^ 
" I don't want to go to heaven . None of my friends will be there . " 
" To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance . " 
' Do not go where the path may lead ; go instead where there is no path and leave a trail ' . 
Many a man owes his success to his first wife , and his second wife to his success . 
It takes a woman twenty years to make a man of her son , and another woman twenty minutes to make a fool of him . 
" Yes : I am a dreamer . For a dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight , and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world . " 
so wat's wid d polaroids , every1's making one !!! 
“There are only two ways to live your life . One is as though nothing is a miracle . The other is as though everything is a miracle . ” 
Every woman is wrong until she cries , and then she is right - instantly . 
ha ! ha ! ha ! main physcs mein akhir kaar fail ho he gaya . . . mera sath dene k liye koi hai 
Bas compit k bachho ko samajh ayegi 
" C makes it easy to shoot yourself in the foot ; C++ makes it harder , but when you do , it blows away your whole leg . " 
- Bjarne Stroustrup 
" Talent does what it can ; genius does what it must . " 
Women are afraid of mice and of murder , and of very little in between . 
" If you can count your money , you don't have a billion dollars . " 
" A mathematician is a device for turning coffee into theorems . " 
Hot gal ! Hot Gal where r u ????? 
