Across the gateway of my heart i wrote , " No tresspassing " . But love came laughing by and said , " I ENTER EVERYWHERE ! " ........ shucks .... tresspasser !!!!!!!!!! 
hehehe ... magbinuotan na jud q ... promiz .... 
ma-lulurkay na aq .... 
Vacation na juddddddddddddd ......................................... 
to all my superfriends ,.. thanx 4 everthing ,... with u guys there are no dull moments , and i feel lyk i really belong ,... charr ,.. only proves that family is no hu's blood u carry but hu s n ur heart ,... u'l olwz be n my heart my bayot superfriendz ,.... jimahhhhh ,... jejeje 
God understood our thirst for knowledge , and our need to be led by someone wiser ; He needed a heart of compassion , of encouragement , and patience ; Someone who would accept the challenge regardless of the opposition ; Someone who could see potential and believe in the best in others . . . So He made Teachers . Happy Teacher's day to all ! 
So open up your morning light , see the gifts in every eye ................. 
If it weren't for the last minute , I wouldn't get anything done . 
We have no right to ask when sorrow comes , " Why did this happen to me ? " unless we ask the same question for every moment of happiness that comes our way . 
I was asked if i really wanted to be a teacher and why . I reflected and just simply answered , " Yes , I do want to be a teacher , not because I have no choice but , THIS IS MY CHOICE .... ana lang xa .... thanx Miss Camello ... 
Never forget what Benjamin Franklin said , " Those things that hurt instruct . " 
what does RH Bill promise is just satisfying sex life ,.... nothing else ,... 
" basing on my political views .. its a piece of thrash bill , why make such bill that contraceptive distribution had long existed before ... the author of that bill just want to make money out of it .. making the obvious more obvious .. i haven't heard that it was illegal to distribute , so ? why legalize when it is already legal ..? crap " quoted from julz ... 
" its rather better to be violent in actions than be violent in our hearts ... coz cloaking yourself with peace but your heart is twisted might get you confused of whats wrong and right " < 2 julz ,.... i disagree ... pm na lng ang reason ,.... 
Loving is being weak ,... yet loving is being brave enough ,..... 
“I never thought it was worth it , you know waiting for your love , and then I felt your kiss , I could wait forever for this” ,............... Let's keep love real and learn how worthy it is to wait ,... hehe how can i forget someone who reminded me ,.. " STUDIES SAH UNYA NA NA LOVE2X " 
I've come to thi8nk ,... CEM 2211 na akong favorite subject ,..... 
that family is not a name for a group of people , but the quality of relationships between them . Relationships grounded in mutual love , trust , caring and forgiveness . In all the ups and all the downs of life . Look closely , - who is really your family , and who in truth are just strangers in for the ride ? 
" ideals are like the stars , they can't be reached , but like the mariners ,... we chart our course by them ,.... " 
hehehe ,.. no joke ,... 
sometimes it may feel too hard to do it alone . 

Sometimes it may seem like you can't figure it out by yourself . Sometimes will and strength and courage are not enough . Sometimes in your life you will need to call out for help . Call on God . God will be there ..... 
Maybe sometimes , we got it wrong , but it's alright 
And nothing seems to change , and it all will stay the same , 
oh don't you hesitate ,......... 
as long as a word remains unspoken , you are its master ; once you utter it , you are its slave .... 
Just more than I could take , pity for pity's sake 
Some nights kept me awake , I thought that I was stronger 
When you gonna realise , that you don't even have to try any longer ? 
Do what you want to 
“It's the heart afraid of breaking that never learns to dance . It is the dream afraid of waking that never takes the chance . It is the one who won't be taken who cannot seem to give . And the soul afraid of dying that never learns to live . ” 
classmates ,... exam ta sa cem2211 ,... hehe ,... God bless nato tanan ,... 
" Our thoughts are unseen hands shaping the people we meet . Whatever we truly think them to be , that's what they'll become for us " hope we won't be hasty to judge people as easy as that . Let's take every side of the story -not look at it on just a side . Be open - or keep silent and do not judge at all . 
Never been this happy ,... 
What matter if I stand alone ? 
I wait with joy the coming years ; 
My heart shall reap where it hath sown , 
And garner up its fruit of tears . 
The waters know their own and draw 
The brook that springs in yonder height ; 
So flows the good with equal law 
Unto the soul of pure delight . 
Nor time , nor space , nor deep , nor high , 
Can keep my own away from me ..... 
I would much rather have regrets about not doing what people said , than regretting not doing what my heart led me to and wondering what life had been like if I'd just been myself . 
hmmm ,.. ithink i'm gonna love beer than men ,.. :) 
seeing ur family safe , healthy and happy is a very big relief ,.... and it's what makes me hapi ,... 
