-The majority of men meet with failure because of their lack of persistence in creating new plans to take the place of those which fail- 
" Once you Kill a Cow , You gotta make a Burger " .. 

- Lady GaGa - 
Change status daun ! DAHHHH ... 
I'll make love to you , l ike you want me to .. And I'll hold you tight baby all through the night . I'll make love to you when you want me to .. And I will not let go till you tell me to ... -boyz2men- ka vegah rahhh !! hahaha .. 
" Ayaw ko mang saktan ang kanyang damdamin ngunit kailangang malaman . Puso'y kumakaba , sanay matapos na't ' di makapagumpisa . Ngunit kahit nais ko man pilitin , di na kayang ipilit . Pa'no ipadarama na puso'y ari na ng iba ? " 
-Paano- janno gibbs and jinky vidal 
Spaghetti is ready to be served ! Yum .. yum .. 
" We people gotta live life as if we're gonna die tomorrow " 
" Your LOVE is like a River , peaceful and deep 
Your Soul is like a secret that never could keep 
When I look into your eyes I know that Its true ... 
God must have spent a little more time on you " 
" I lie awake , I drive myself crazy 
Drive myself crazy thinking of you .. 
Made a mistake when I let you go Baby 
I drive myself crazy wanting you the that I do .. " 
" When Winter comes in Summer 
When there's no more Forever 
When Lies become the Truth 
Well you know then Baby , 
THAT's WHEN I'll STOP LOVIN ' YOU " 
_that's when i'll stop lovin ' you_ NSync 
" You can call me selfish , But all I want is your love 
You can call me hopeless ( hopeless ) 
Baby cause I'm hopelessly in love 
You can call me unperfect 
But who's perfect ? Tell me what do I gotta do 
To prove that I'm the only one for you 
What's wrong with being selfish ?? 
Selfishly I'm in love with you 
Cause I've searched my soul and know that it's you .. " 
If it's wrong to tell the truth 
What am I suppose to do ? 
If all I wanna do is speak my mind 
If its wrong to do what's right 
Then I'm prepared to testify 
If loving you with all my heart is a Crime .. 
Then I'm GUILTY & lt ;3 & lt ;3 & lt ;3 
Ana Bahabak Habiby .. hahaha .. <3 
Te Quiero Con Todo Mi Corazon .. <3 <3 <3 
Te amo ... Te extrano .. 
Laptop's BROKEN .. What a nightmare ! Huhuhu .. :-( No more FB , most especially more Millionaire City ! BAD ! : ' -(( 
Grand mother is in I.C.U now .. Need your prayers guys .. She's in a critical state .. May God help her . Ur prayers would be of big help .. Thanks ! : ' -( 
Last Vigil tonight at Cosmopolitan Funeral homes with my grand ma .. huhu 
" I am a flower quickly fading , 
Here today and gone tomorrow , 
A wave tossed in the ocean , 
A vapor in the wind . 
Still you hear me when I'm calling , 
Lord , you catch me when I'm falling , 
And you've told me who I am . 
I am yours . " 
" I’m going to smile and make you think I’m happy , I’m going to laugh , so you don’t see me cry , I’m going to let you go in style , and even if it kills me- I’m going to smile " 
" I love that you're NEVER Satisfied . 
With face , value , wisdom and HAPPY Lies , 
You take what they say , and go back and Cry 
YOU'RE SO CLOSE TO ME THAT YOU'RE NEARLY DIED 
Here you are down on your knees Again 
Trying to FIND Air to BREATH Again , 
Only SURRENDER will help you now 
I LOVE YOU PLEASE SEE and BELIEVE Again " 
Tapos ng maliligayang mga araw ... Back to reality ! HOY GISING !!! Har har har .. 
SAY CHEESE ! Kahit peke . <3 <3 <3 
how ? haaa-aahh -- aaaaaw ? haaa-aaaa -- owww ?.. 
I'll never talk again , oh Boy you've left me SPEECHLESS 
So Speechless .. 
And I'll never love again , oh Friend you've left me speechless 
sooo speechless ... 
* And I know that its so complicated 
But I'm a loser in love so baby 
Raise a glass to mend all the broken hearts of 
All my FUCKED up friends . * 
-Lady GaGa- 
To all Fathers and soon to become one out there , HAPPY FATHER'S DAY to you all ! 
Sama na rin natin Happy Independence Day ! Hehehehehe ... 
*** 
Para kang NBA Finals ... 
kC kaHiT mADALLAS kItAnG mAkItA , 
MIAMI pa RiNg dAhIlAn 
pArA mA mIsS kItA .... ** 
_kaigat na lang jud_ 
" Linear Control " Tonight @ KYLA'S BISTRO- 8:30 pm . See you all there ! <3 <3 <3 
LINEAR CONTROL is playing TONIGHT @ BATC .. Gig starts 8:30 pm .. C yah there ! 
Done watching the notebook .. very nice movie ! How I wish I could find True Love like that .. Taman sa kamatayon dungan sila , tapad and holding each others hands .. SWEET ! i <3 it ! 
I remembered and just laugh at it .. " Cause I maybe bad but I'm perfectly good at it , Sex in the air , I love the smell of iiiittttt .. " Hahahaha .. Kulang kaau ang lyrics . Eheheehhe .. dli jud ko masumhan cge katawa ani ! Hahahaha ... 
i MISS you sooooooooooooo much .. bakeit ??? huhu .. saon nmn ni ui ! hahaahaha .. ROWTZ .. emoterang peke ! ahahahaa .. ;-)) 
Tulog nko .. naglavad akong ulo kajot ! Haaayyyy .. : -X 
Timoga .. Timoga ... In demand ka yata ngayon ! hehehehe .. GRABEHHH KAiiiiigggaanggg ... 
Mahay diay huh ? Galing2x ! I love the way you lied at me papa .. : ' -( All those times pala , pagmahay ra ako na cause .. Huhuhu .. Sakita wui ! Yes na lang .. 
Mahay diay huh ? Galing2x ! I love the way you lied at me papa .. : ' -( All those times pala , pagmahay ra ako na cause .. Huhuhu .. Sakita wui ! Yes na lang .. 
LINEAR CONTROL Live Acoustic Performance 
Tonight @ Village Mart in Palao , Iligan City . Kitakitzzz .. ;-) 
Kapoya jud ning cgeg away animal ui ! kapoy ra bah ipangaway nga mag inenglis ta ! hahaahahaha .. bwisit ! unta lang mkasabot kag bisaya ! hhmmppp .. lagot nako ! Gggggrrrr ..................................... 
No nid to call my fon coz I changed my number today 
Matter of fct I thnk I'm moving away 
Sorry the frustration's got me feeling away 
And I just kip havin 1 lst thin to say .. 
* And I just wanna hold you , 
Touch you , feel you , be near you 
I miss you baby .. 
I'm tired of tryin ' to fake through 
But there's nothing I can do 
Boy I can't wait to hate you * :-( 
tulog sa ko ui ! galanay jud ko .. ( -_- ) ZZZZzzzzzzzzz ........ 
Mata nko ! ehehehehe .. Pila ray pagtagpilaw .. I'm alive , alert , awake , ENTHUSIASTIC ! Ehehehehe .. Now ready for my interview .. ;-) 
" I want your mind , your body and soul 
Plant your seed on me and we'll let it grow 
Nourish me with your love , shower me with life . 
Be my Man , be my strength , never take our love for granted 
Love me unconditionally , truly , deeply , passionately 
You are my light , 
You are my love , 
You are my life , 
You are my all ... " 
_ka_kiat ! _ ;-) ahahaha .. ( MAGIC by sinisikat ) 
" I Can'T FighT This FeelinG AnYmoRe .. " 
_root va roroot_ 
KAGAWASON NG SUNGOoooooo ... :-) 
My GOAL as of now .. Is to be BACK in shape ! DAPAT maigo nko ug balik akong uniform !!! anyway I still have three to four months more .. whooohhh !! Hahahaha .. Tawon kaluoy sa akong uniform ako gisugod .. masarado nah hinuon xa but mura kog c incredible hulk .. ka wasakon ang blouse tapos ang skirt dli ma close ang zipper ! wahaahah .. pait ! 
Dugaya nila Ryan ug Warner ui ! Madayon pa bah mo ???? 
Haaaaaaayyyy .. Gotta go to bed and sleep now . I'M TIRED !!! Gikapoy nko ! Hmmpp ! 
Aei lub eow JAE PAULI ! wahehehehe ... :-P 
Bantay lang jud ka nko .. GgggRRrrrr ! Hmp ! 
Nahuman ra jud nko ug limpyo akong service ! wahehehehe .. dli nah xa rock star ! ehehehe .. dli nah lahos2x ang hangin .. wahehehe .. naluoy ko kay grabeh ug abog ! ehehe .. mwah ! 
Transformers nah daw .. Kinsay gusto mkigtan-aw diha ug Transformers sa big screen ?? Bonding time nah .. ;-) 
If the feeling is GONE .. Sorry but I can't feel your presence anymore . :-( 
" Nahihirapan na ako 
dahil DALAWA kaming mahal mo .. 
wala kang sumbat naririnig man lang sa labi ko . 
Nang dahil sa pag-ibig natutong matiis , 
Nang dahil sa pag-ibig nagmahal ng lubos 
Ang puso kong ito na ' di umaasang tumbasan mo ang pag-ibig ko . " 
_KUHA MO ? _ pwehhhhh ! 
If loving you is all that means to me 
and being happy is all I hope you'd be 
if loving you must mean I really have to 
SET YOU FREE ... : ' -( 
" If people can't let go of you , it doesn't always mean ? that they love you , 
sometimes they can't let you go JUST because they KNOW , you will always be there when they needed you " . . . 
Philippine ASKALS vs . Sri Lanka LIVE @ Studio 23 now !!! 
TEAM ASKALS Winner Vs . SRI LANKA ; 4-0 ! yahooooooooooo ! Ehehehe .. 
Every MOMENT spent with you is like a BEAUTIFUL DREAM come true ... 
My FAVORITE PLACE to be is INSIDE of your hugs where it's warm and loving . 
I Love You ! 
Kiss me and you shall see stars , love me and I'll give them to you . 
I love you with everything I am , and more than anyone ever thought possible ... 
You may not be here with me ... But thoughts of you are always in my heart ... I Miss You ! 
I feel so happy everytime you text me .. THANK you so much for making me feel that I am loved and cared for , and letting me know that I'm not forgotten . I LOVE YOU and SORRY if sometimes I hurt you for my unwise decisions . It was just your physical absence that makes me sick sometimes . I really missed you ! I MISS YOUR LOVE ... since you've been gone . ;-p 
Your smell is like a DRUG to me .. Just like my own brand of heroine .. 
Women fall in love by what they hear , 
Men fall in love by what they see . 
That's why Women wear make up and why Men lie .. 
watchatink ?? i guess its true .. hmp ! 
You want WAR ???!! I'll GIVE you WAR !!! Yaw kog bayot-bayoti deha kay mas bayot pako nimo .. Basin gatoo ka ikaw ray yuya dri ??? Hhhmmpp .. nalabad nko nimo/ninyo ha ! Naahhhhhh ... 
I don't wanna see your face , I don't wanna hear your name 
I don't want a thing , just stay away baby 
All I want is just to be free from you baby ... 
Don't call me in the middle of the night no more 
Don't expect me to be there 
Don't think that it'll be the way it was before , don't think that I'll care 
I'm not over you yet ... And I don't wanna be your friend . 
BONGGA jud ning video chat service sa fb karon dah ! nyehehehe .. daog kau ! 
te extraño mi amor ! 
Every morning when the sun would shine on me 
I'd flash a smile but deep inside I feel so sad and lonely 
I need you here and now coz I miss you .. 
It's crazy to pretend that I don't think of you 
Because the more this feeling just seem to grow and grow . 
I MISS YOU .. 
How much longer can I hold on to ? 
Maybe you can come and tell me that you miss me too . 
Your the Apple to my Pie , 
Your the Straw to my Berry , 
Your the smoke to my High , 
And your the One I wanna Marry :-) 
Coz your the one for me , and I'm the one for you 
You take the both of us and we're the perfect two .. ;-) 
*||* 
\__/ 
PARTY ROCK !! 
Nahuman ra jud ang paking perpeyg nga Blackout !! NIMAL !!! 
hehehehee .. yes nalng kay lingaw man sad kog picture2x .. hekhekhek .. 
DAHHHH !! BONGGA c Vicky Belo ! grabeh nah .. suya kong Vicky dah !! ANYAR NAH JUD .. ehehehe .. 
FLIRTING is a habit for those who are single , it's their way of saying " I AM FREE . " 
But for those who are married and committed , it's their way of saying " I AM BORED . " 
.. na bored nako sa imoha , wala na kay lami .. JUNK nka for short ! pwede sa lain na pud ? 
--> SAON ! kapait bah jud ug nasumhan na KA nya or 
SIYA ang nasumhan na sa imoha . tsk tsk tsk .. 
Ligo ta ninyo diah !! 
_excuse me_ 
REPOST : ATTENTION SA ILIGAN DAW NI : " Ayaw daw mu sakay ug ROSE TAXI body #2193 kay budol2x gang daw na . Manghold-up ug passenger . Please pass from concern citizen gi forward sa ako a . Spread the info . " 
Sleep nako ui .. Haayyyy ... Nanayt ! :-P 
Bestfriend , Rozel Fe Grace Bongado-Lumanta 2log nko ha .. mo out nako , sorry dli nko ktgad . Ky Bestfriend Derecho Charl , sorry wla nta mdayon . Sunod nlang ta mag wara2x . Hehehe .. Ug sa akong Beastfriend , go to hell . Happy urom ! Ahahaha .. :-P sorry ha but there's no cure for Insecurity and Insanity . Maluoy sad ta . tsk tsk tsk .. OYASUMI NASAI ! :-D 
Sipra .. Sipra .. Sipra !! Paagi sa tanan pondo .. Review , review , review ! 
I wanna see your Peacock , cock , cock .. 
Your Peacock , cock , cock .. 
C'mon baby lemme see , 
What you hidin ' underneath ! 
Are you brave enough to lemme see your peacock ? 
Watcha waitin for its time for you to show it off 
Don't be a shy kinda guy I'll bet its beautiful .. 
C'mon baby lemme see , what you hidin ' underneath ! 
--> Sipata nga kanta ni kAty Perry . lingawa nko ui ! Ahahaha ... 
" Love your enemies , bless them that curse you , do good to them that hate you , and pray for them which despitefully use you , and persecute you ; That ye may be the children of your Father which is in heaven . " ( Matthew 5:44 -45 ) 
is LOOKING for a Boyfriend to be ... 
QUALIFICATIONS : 
-not ugly but not very handsome , but maybe atleast pleasing to the eyes :-P 
-height preferably around 5'4-5'9 ( hahahaha .. ) 
-gentleman but should be naughty sometimes ( hahahahaha ;-)) 
-should be sweet , thoughtful , and loving 
-not playboy .. for short FAITHFUL and LOYAL !!! 
-is anybody out there have this qualities ? Hahahahaha .. I'm bored ! :-( 
is looking for a Boyfriend . KINDLY fill up this application form for those interested . 
FILL IN THE BLANKS : 
Name : _______________ 
Age : _________________ 
Height : _______________ 
Zodiac Sign : ___________ 
Phone Number : ________ 
Location : _____________ 
ESSAY : 
Why do you like to be my boyfriend ? ( Answer briefly , clearly and concisely . At least 200 words . ) 
That's All ! ;-) Hahahahaha ... TRIPPING mo dihuhhh ! 
Good morning to my friends , bestfriends and most especially to my beastfriend ! Isang BAKULAW na umaga sayo ! Ahahahaha .. sumo kaau kag dagway ui .. nyehehe 
ONE thing I have learned from my past experiences was 
" Don't be Honest when you are Angry . When you're angry , count to ten , before 
you speak . When VERY angry , a hundred . " In love and relationships , WORDS ARE POWERFUL ! And hurtful words , even if they were carelessly and thoughtlessly 
given , can stick for a lifetime . :-) 
Insecurity is the reason why backstabbers are born . They live like winners , but end up losers . ;-) 
--> KUHA MO ? <3 <3 <3 
Done cutting my hair .. Hahahaha .. booker nah ako buhok . Hahahaha .. ang saya ! I'm a shy guy na karon tan-awon .. ahahaha .. daog ! buhok na initan . 
Haaayyyy .. GOOD MORNING everybody ! I had a great sleep . Hhhmmm .. Wala nay kaguol sa dughan . BAhala na mo mag problema nko basta ako DILI tamo problemahon kay dili mo SIKAT para pagka abalahan ng panahon .. Hahahaaha .. 
is exercising using AB Rocket . =) Pasingot pasingot pasingot ! 
It's the hardest thing I ever have to do . To look you in the eye and tell you I don't love you . It's the hadest thing I'll ever have to lie . To show no emotions when you start to cry . I can't let you see what you mean to me when my hands are tied and my hearts not free , we're not meant to be . I'ts the hardest thing I'll ever have to do . To turn around and walk away pretending I don't love you .. 
unsa bay magdamgo kag " Ex " nimo ug iyang " Uyab " ??? dli rka malarag ? dah ... 
TIME is Life's greatest mystery .. It has full of surprises . Things , people and everything change in due time . It's always TIME who knows well what awaits for us . 
* || * 
\____/ 
I'm happy ! Masaya ang araw ko .. Nyehehehe .. 
\m/ 
MAldita ukay-ukay ! hahaha .. Sinaltuhay diay inyo gusto ? CGE !! GAME ako dyan ! PAYTZ .. 
" Don't feel bad that people remember you ONLY when they need you . Feel priviledged that you are like a CANDLE .. Comes to mind when there's darkness in their Life . " 
for short .. GAMITON lang japon ta ! Ahahaha .. 
Gimingaw ko dah ! Tan-aw na lang ta ani ug videos . Huhuhu .. :-( Paita jud wui . Pagka pait ! Mao nana , nganong gi enterrrrr ?????!!!!!!!! Hahahaaaayyyy ... : ' ( 
It's a funny feeling to MISS a " specific scent " when in fact ; its never been and will never ever become your " own brand " of fragrance . . . 
sa mka gets lamang ! :-) 
Kagamay sa Dollar !! $1 = P 42.40 dili ka malain ??? hoy ... 
tip to reduce weight : 
first turn your head to the left and then turn it to the right . 
repeat this exercise every time you are offered something to eat . 
Oh I really should've known by the time you drove me home 
By the vagueness in your eyes and casual goodbyes 
By the chill in your embrace and the expression of your face that told me 
I thought that you might have some advice to me on how to be Insensitive 
K-Zel's Grill , Palao later tonight @ 8pm .. KitaKitZ ! :-) 
Hello !! HANGIN ko dri ?? Ha ??? 
KA MINGAW ug KA LAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY ........ 
I'm as tortured as you are , you must be blind , 
To not see how I love you , see how I care , 
How I long to be with you , stroking your hair , 
to look into your eyes , realize they’re real 
my happiness reveals that magical feel 
but this pain is unbearable , I feel I cant cope 
I cant help my actions , i can't help but hope 
Over someone I loved , who never quite knew 
And now it’s too late , but I’ll always love you 
Hala ! Naa nasad ang bwisit nga Halimaw ug dagway ! maglagot jud ko . Nakita nasad nako ang bakulaw .. F*CK !!!! 
BAKULAW Rocksss !! Hahahaha .. Pila pa kaha ka anyo ang kontrata ani nya sa world noh ? hihihi .. Love you BEASTFRIEND !! Kita na sad ta ani ? Haaayyyyyyyyy .. NAKU !! 
Maayong Buntag mga Pulano ! wahehehe .. Good morning BEASTFRIENDs ! Good Morning BESTFRIENDS .. Good Morning Berkz .. MORNING sa LAHAT ! LOVE yah all ! 
:-) 
????????????????????????????? 
I L O V E ? ? ? ?? ? ???? ? ? ??? 
* || ' 
\_____/ 
is saying " WALA NG KOKONTRA " ...... 
ASKAL vs . KUWAIT ! nka goal ng ASKAL isa ! Yeheeeeyyyy . :-P 
ASKALS IRO !! PILDI NASAD !!! wahahahahaha .. maot ! :-( 
" Give your ENEMY a THOUSAND chances to become 
your FRIEND ... 
but DON'T give your FRIEND a single chance to 
become your ENEMY .. " 
---> TAMA ! pag nagkataon , labas lahat ng BAHO mo !! nyehehehe .. 
I dreamed of this person and it made me cry once again . While asleep , noticing that tears were really falling down my cheeks , I just opened my eyes and made myself realize that I should be back to reality for those bad dreams should be left in dreamland . But I'm still wondrin ' , why is it that everytime I dreamt of those painful happenings in my life I seem to be not moving on from the scars of yesterday .. (' ? ' ) 
KAPOYA mag google translate aning naa tay ka chat Spanish lang sa ta diha .. LETCHE ! makadaot dikarte sa poker .. meoowwnnkk ! hihihihi .. 
" Sexo sin amor es una experiencia vacía , pero como ir de experiencias vacíos , es uno de los mejores . " ;-) 
TRUTH ABOUT GIRLS : 
They are IMPATIENT : they always want to be attended . 
They are IMMATURE : seeking too much attention . 
They are EMOTIONAL : even at d smallest detail , they cry . 
... They are LAWYERS : they can make right things wrong and wrong things right . 
But inspite of all , they are : 
forgiving , loving , caring , and faithful .. 
Once they choose you , it would always be you .. ^_^ 
Bakulaw , there you are again hhmmmppp !! Makadaot kag adlaw . Yawa ka !! 
" Do you ever know that jokes are better than promises ? 
Because Jokes are half-meant 
while 
Promises are half-lies . " 
A friend's love is better than a lover . 
A lover may leave but a friend will stay . 
A lover could demand but a friend would help 
Ur my friend and ILOVEU more than a lover could do . 
Derecho Charl , Rozel Fe Grace Bongado-Lumanta , Inday Garutay 
i miss you my Jae .. Pauli na beh !! ehehe .. 
( rotrot lamang ) 
DAPAT GANITO NA PRICIPLE KO ; 
? Play the moments . 
?? Pause the memories . 
? Stop the pain . 
?? Rewind the happiness . 
---> Aja !!! 
Si Ryan may anghit on the floor .. ( tonight we'll gonna be it on the floor ) .. 
hihihihi .. buang jud ni c vice ganda . ahaha 
“Single is not a status . It is a word that describes a person who is strong enough to live and enjoy life without depending on others . ” 
“BABALA ~ 
Differences between “LOVE YOU ” and “I LOVE YOU” : 
In tagalog : 
Love you - Mahal ka . 
... I love you - Mahal kita . 
. 
According to reader’s digest : 
Love you - is a LIE 
I love you - is true 
They dont use “I” because they dont really mean it” 
Asuncion Ariel ; 
Hindi lahat ng nagpapacute sa'yo 
ay may gusto sa'yo , minsan kasi ... 
.... 
may kailangan lang yan . :)) 
Mahirap umiyak dahil sa sakit na nararamdaman , Pero , 
----> mas mahirap tumawa , para lang ipakita na hindi ka nasasaktan . 
C'mon babe can't our love be revive ? 
Bring it back and 
We'll gonna make it right 
I'm on the edge just trying to survive as the angel's cry 
True love's a gift , 
We let it drift 
In a storm 
Every night I hear the angel's cry .. 
We all have at least 100 friends on Facebook , but when you need a friend who will be there ? I guarantee only 10 people will like this status . 
Like this status if you'll be there for me . Post this as your status and see who will be there for you . 

Lemme see ! hmmm .. 
" Be who you are and say what you feel , because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind . " 
- Dr. Seuss 
I change my password to INCORRECT 
so whenever I forgot my password 
the computer will always remind me that .. 
Your password is INCORRECT . :-) 
FAKE friends are WORSE than real enemies . 
goodmorning : ) 
" Hindi mo matatawag na PAST 
ang nakaraan kung lagi mong binabalikan . " 
REMEMBER : 
Hindi mo matatapos ang laro , 
kung lagi kang babalik sa level 1 . 
isang malaking CHECK ! ;-) 
Maayong Hapon mga HIGALA ! 
To ALL people who remembered my birthday , THANK YOU SO MUCH ! late jud akoa reply kay na virusan akoa laptop plus ato Sabado naputol ang linya skoang landline ug internet nga wala natuyo . gahapon pa jud giasikaso sa taga maratel . SALAMAT jud ! :-) 
Sa Hospital : 
Badlongon & wild OB patient : Doc , gabati na gyud ko !!! 
Isug nga doki : Mao btaw BATI ang title ana misis kay BATI gyud imong bation .. kay kung LAmi pah e de .. gaLAMI ta ka kron 
Hahahaha .... Tagam ! :-) 
JUAN : pare , may sapatos ako pero di ko alam yung pangalan . 
PEDRO : ano ba tatak nyan ? 
JUAN : may check eh . 
PEDRO : pambihira , yan lang hindi mo alam ? 
CHECKTAYLOR yan pre , COMBERS ! 
/HAHAHAHA ! =)) 
Mahal kong Inday Garutay ; nais ko lamang ipabatid sa iyo . Na ang aking mga pantalon noon , ay masusuot ko ng muli !! wahahahahaha ... Ahw ! haha .. 
HELLO BEast friend ! Taod2x sad ta wa nagkita ah .. naa na sad ka ! Kanus-a pa mn ka mamatay wui ? Ahhhwww .. JOKE ! Hahahaha .. lab yow ! PWEEHHH ! :-P 
Sabi nila hindi daw sapat na sabihing MAHAL KITA dapat daw may kasamang Effort kaya ; 
" I LOVE YOU Effort ! " 
--> daming ka ulolang nalalaman ng mga pinoy ! Ahahaha .. C : 
Ang BOYFRIEND na gusto ko ay yung . . . HINDI ALAM ANG SALITANG 
" BREAK NA TAYO " . :)) ? 
Kanus-a pa kaha ko kita ana ??? ug ASA kaha na xa makita nuh ?! hehehe .. 
GOOD MORNING Friends ! 
Naa koy fresh bulinaw dri gi deliver ay .. LAMI PANG KINILAW ! U want ?? hahaha .. 
ALI NAMO MGA KRIMINAL ! 
I wanna thank Engineering days of St. Peter's College dahil kung hindi dahil sa event nah yun , I wouldn't have additional friends to treasure ! Ang saya ! :-)) 
my BUTT is not feeling well and so as my tummy .. huhuhu .. 
Side effect ba kaha ni sa amoa kabuang pag video2x ? Ahahahaha .. Faetch !!! 
Pugsit , pugsit some mow !! 
My friend Inday balitae ko unsay mga panghitabo ha .. hope nindot ang outcome sa u performance .. 
BIRTHDAY's To COME : 
SEPTEMBER 17- Alvin 
SEPTEMBER 22- Inday 
mga VIRGO .. aheheheeh .. hmp hmp hmp ... 
SEPTEMBER 13- Charlotte 
SEPTEMBER 17- Alvin 
SEPTEMBER 22- Inday 
Ja En ; di nko makita you messages .. sorry ! error mn daw .. nkatok na jud ! 
Alexander Rodriguez ; mi amor , yo no sé lo que pasó , pero no puedo leer tu mensaje .. no puedo ver cualquier mensaje de usted o de mi friends . i no sé por qué .. 
Time can never bring back what was swept away . 
. . . If only I could turn back time . :-( 
molakaw sa ko mga friendships ! mwah ! ;-) 
Ang PAG-IBIG parang alahas .... Kung hindi tunay KUMUKUPAS . 
Habang nagffacebook Chat . 
Nanay : Anak ! May facebook na ko ! 
Anak : Bat kayo gumawa ng facebook nay ! Wtf naman ! 
Nanay : Anong WTF ?! 
Anak : ( napa isip ) Welcome To Facebook nay ! Ikaw talaga nay . Ang slow ! :-P 
---> PALUSOT paka huh ?!??! 
Kung di mo kaya sabihin na iLOVEYOU . Sabihin mo nalang , HEY ! I LiKe You .. Isulti na sa KANDING nga naay BANGs . hahahahhaha .. 
Sayonara tomodachi ! Oyasumi Nasai ! :-) 
KINDS OF TAE ! 
1 . GUNS SALUTE : taeng may tunog 
2 . BACK UP : Taeng lumabas na bumalik pa . 
3 . RUSH HOUR : Taeng di umabot sa c.r. 
4 . FOOTLONG : taeng sobrang haba . 
5 . RAMBO GUN : taeng maliliit pero sunod sunod labas . 
6 . UST : Utot Sabay Tae 
7 : SURPRISE ATTACK : bigla labas ng walang sign 
8 . FULL ATTACK : isang labasan , tapos 
9 . MacArthur : taeng na flush na , nabalik pa ! I SHALL RETURN .. 
anoe tae nyo ??? :)) 
HAHA 
Dumating kang parang BAGYO sa buhay ko .. Biglang umalis at ngayon ay 
STRANDED pa rin sa BAHA ng alaala mo :/ 
Kapag hindi na kita GUSTO , 
isa lang ang ibig sabihin nun . 
MINAMAHAL na kita . ? 
excuse sa ko mga amegah kay adto mi skoang auntie nga bag-o abot gikan Sudan .. 
Bye ! 
Mang Inday Garutay ; I know mka relate kaau ka ani ! ehehehehe ... ;-) 
Ang tunay na kaibigan . 
.. 
hindi nang-iiwan kahit mapagalitan pa ng magulang . :) 
ANAK : tay , ano po yung sex ? 
TATAY : ang sex ay pag tatalik sa tagalog . Isang ritwal na gingawa pag katapos ikasal . mag tatabi ang dalawang nag mamahalan hanggang sa sukdulang ligaya na nag bubunga sa nilalang na gaya mo . 
ANAK : ay ! di na kasya sa bio data ko ! 
HAHAHAHA 
KUNG MAKE-UP LANG 
NAGPAPAGANDA SAYO .. 
TRY MO KAININ . 
baka gumanda ugali mo >:) 
KINsa Naigo ??? ahahaha ... 
Nakakainis ang mga Lamok na feeling vampire . 
EKSENA SA JEEP :) 
PRANG GANITO : 
Paabot po . Bayad po , Paabot . Pakisuyo na lang po . AY Puta ! Manong , Catch !. 
I see my sigh , floating up to heaven in the sky 
Full of shattered hopes and bleeding dreams 
I take a number for prescription for this melancholy 
Come and take my hand , live forever 
Give me love , give me love 
Or could you give me just another day 
‘Cause it’s so blue in my eyes 2x 
Give me joy , give me pain , 
Yung feeling na 
- 
alam mong nagbibiruan lang kayo 
tapos di mo napansin 
nafall ka na pala sa knya . . . 
--- ) > AhUrMzz ... murag nka relate ko hapit ani dah ! tsk ! c : 
Ahahahha .. Inday Garutay Rahfe Alamag Rolly Alamag Alvin Jumalon Patulada KIm PaoLo 
Boy : May kanta ako para sa ngipin mo . 
Girl : * kinikilig * ano yun ? =)) 
Boy : black and yellow , black and yellow , black and yellow ! 
Mamang Inday check this out ! 
.. isang araw tumabi sa akin lola ko . Nakayuko parang malungkot . 
Itim ang damit at mata .. Nag worry ako at tinanong ko siya . 
" bakit po Lola ? " 
Nagulat ako ng sinabi nyang .. 
" APO .. 
Angayan ko mag Emo ? " 
... hahahahaha .. Ambot nimo Lola , ang samin pangutan-a ! hehehehe .. 
Dugay kaau nag oL c mamang Inday wui .. 
Yes na lang wui .. out nako mang ! BYE . 
MaMaHaLiN kiTa hAnGgAnG mAgYeLo aNg iMpYerNo .. hihihi .. Goodnight ! Mwah ! :)) 
Kissh Lalat bii ! Ahahahahahhaha .. :-P 
Good morning Iligan ! 
. . . Suliton nah jud nako ang panahon kay akoa na ni ipa cut akoa internet after ma settle ang bills kay dli na nko magamit pirmi pag ting klac nah .. 
Motto sa Manag-Uyab : 
“Do Not Do Unto Others , What We Did Last Night” 
Hahaha lol ! 
Friends , PLEASE yaw sa mo kumpyansa ug laag2x kay even sa GENSAN naa daw BOMB THREAT ana akoa friend . Sa balita gani pati America naa sad . Isabay daw nila sa Sept . 11 nah .. Avoid crowdy places . Kung mahimo after work or school , uli daun .. 
May GOD Bless Iligan .. Kaluy-i tawon mi tanan ! Amen 
is busy putting up our Christmas decorations .. Pasko nah jud ! 
.. Put'sa na akoa gift ha ? Hihihihi .. GOODMORNING : ) 
Kafuy ug init akong lawas gikan ligo dagat sa Naawan sa Vincillin . Woooooooooohhh ! 
Kafuy ug init akoa lawas gikan sa dagat .. Naawan kaau pirting inita wui ! woooooohhhhhh ...... 
Inviting you all to a full band and cosplay competition dubbed as HALINGASA 6 RAC fiesta on September 20 , 2011 . 
Prizes at stake for the FULL BAND competition : Reg . FEE : P 1,500 . 00 
Champion : P 10,000 . 00 , 1st Runner-Up : 7,000 . 00 , 
2nd Runner-Up : 4,000 . 00 with Consolation Prize : P 500.00 
For the COSPLAY : Registration FEE : P 75.00 
Champion : P 3,000 . 00 , 1st Runner-Up : 2,000 . 00 , 2nd Runner-Up : 1,000 . 00 
Interested participants may email us at yapisgroup@gmail.com or text at 0916-507-2526 
JOIN NOW ! 
Lemme see who will answer this : 
If you hate me ........................... Delete me 
If you think I'm nice ................... Like my status 
If you think I'm a good friend ..... Comment on this status 
If u ever liked me ....................... Poke me , I won't tell 
If you like me now ...................... Inbox me a heart , I won't tell 
If you want to date me ................ Inbox me a :) , I won't tell 
If you are brave ........................... set this as your status 
-- REPOST ! :D 
aanhin mo ang madaming kaibigan . . . 
kung kilala ka lang nila kapag oras nang LIBREHAN . >:)) 
---> ANG TAMAAN , MAY BUKOL ! hahahaha .. :-P 
Happy Birthday to my ever dearest Best Friend Charlotte Derecho . I love you Best ! Stay as you are .. Take care always . And Keep on praying . Remember that NO problem can ever break and tear us apart for as long as there is GOD in our life .. Offer everything to HIM . And as usual , I'll stay here beside you until the time is through . ;-) 
SUNOD TUIG NAKO MOSKWELA ! Samooookkkkk !! bahala nah .. 
All praises & admiration to our Ms. Universe candidate Shamcey Supsup of the Philippines for her principle & courage . She was being wooed by Bilawal Bhutto , son of d late Benazzir Bhutto of Pakistan , but firmly turned down d marriage offer bcoz she vehemently refused to b d future MRS . SHAMCEY SUPSUP-BHUTTO . 
--->> wahahahaha .. ngil-ad sad ug magdaun cla ! nyehehe 
Ms. Shamcey Supsup's Q&A : 
Will you ever change your religious belief to marry the one you love ? 
" If I'm going to change my religious belief , I will not marry the person that I love because the first person I love is God who created me and I have my faith and principles and this what makes me who I am . And if that person loves me , he should love my God too . " 
Friends turn to Lovers due to Closeness .. 
hhhmmm .. (~_~) 
YEHEEEEEEEEEEEYYYYY !! MOgawasay ng Twilight Saga : Breaking the Dawn sa November 18 ! motan-aw jud ko ana ang mag buy na pud dvd for collections . ehehehe .. Gusto ko motan-aw ana sa sine . hehehe .. HUmanda ! 
naka ANESTHESIA ka ba ? bakit hindi mO maramdamang MAHAL KITA ? 
Pagpili , Sagpa ? Dapay ? Laparo ? Tamparos ? Dapiyo ? or Like ? 
UNya . ? saman pakasal nata . ? haha ! : 
Pagsure kay makaihi ko'g bato .. HAHAHAHAHAHAHA ! :))))) 
Aanhin Ang Kasweetan , Kung Hanggang Friends Lang Naman . . Mabuti Pa Ang Multo Nag Paparamdam ! Eh Ikaw !? 
Hahahaha . LOL 
Sinubukan kong maging pinaka SWEET na tao sa piling nya 
kaso 
DIABETIC pla sya 
ayon ! 
naghanap ng WALANG LASA 
pipili lang muka pang AMPALAYA :))) 
Don't cry over someone who doesn't deserve your tears ... 
" Ang pinakamatinding pang-asar sa taong sinasaktan ka 
ay isang matamis na ngiti lamang . " : " > 
DADDY isn't defined as the man who makes the child , but rather the man who extends his hands and time to help with the child's raising and his heart to love the child through anything . BLOOD doesn't always make you a DADDY . Being a DADDY comes from the heart ... Any fool can make a baby , it takes a man to raise a child .. RE-POST this if you're agree ........ 
" dapat nga ba akung ngumiti .. 
dahil magkaibigan tayo . .. ?? 
o dapat akong .. ?? 
... . 
" umiyak dahil hanggang dun na lang tayo .. ?? " 
" I have plenty of love to give out but waiting for the right ONE to take it and give me back equally . I am a source of love to him , but also need him love refilling . I love to care and love to be cared . I love to love and love to be loved . " 
DADDY isn't defined as the man who makes the child , but rather the man who extends his hands and time to help with the child's raising and his heart to love the child through anything . BLOOD doesn't always make you a DADDY . Being a DADDY comes from the heart ... Any fool can make a baby , it takes a man to raise a child .. 
RE-POST this if you're agree ........ 
Here I am today ! Strongly I stand . Taking NO SHIT ! Intimidated by NO BITCH , laughing at dumb hoes , letting dumb shits go , SCREAMIN ' FUCK THE WORLD ! Learning who my REAL FRIENDS are , KEEPING FAKE BITCHES VERY FAR , and realizing my purpose on this Earth . . . :-) 
Ang gusto ng mga babae " 2 in 1 " , 
yung tipong hindi lang BOYFRIEND at the same time BEST FRIEND rin . : " > 
agree ! ? 
“I LOVE YOU” 
ang 
salitang 
hindi 
tanong .. 
Pero masakit pag walang SAGOT . . . ---> Tomooooh ! : 
Kung TRABAHO lang ang pagtutok sa picture NIMO na dato na siguro ko sa sigeg OVERTIME ... : " > Ayeeeee , Ka gilok ! Hahahahahahahahahahaha ~ 
TRUTHS ABOUT LOVE : 
" di mo kailangan maging ' perfect ' para mahalin ka " .. 
" di mo kailangan maging maganda o gwapo 
para magustuhan ka ng isang tao " .. 
kasi sa LOVE wala yang pinipili , 
kung talagang ikaw yung gusto niya , 
di hadlang yung pagiging iMPERFECT , 
kung ang tao naghahanap ng maganda o 
gwapo it means , 
para pang . DiSPLAY o para may matawag na 
SYOTA lang , 
BE YOURSELF , BE SiMPLE and BE NATURAL :) 
Wag mo ng itanong kung ano ang gusto ko .. 
Baka kasi madulas ako at IKAW ang masabi ko . :)) 
it would be a perfect CRIME ... 
If i stole your ? 
and U stole mine .... ;) 
-- Estoryahe ang bato . WITH Feelings ! D 
Ang sarap magmahal ... 
lalo na kung mahal ka din niya . ? 
---> eh paano kung " marami " kayong mahal niya ? Ukin'am!!! Hahahahaha .. 
Ang pag-ibig parang ulan . Minsan dahan-dahan , 
minsan mabilis . At higit sa lahat ... 
Kaya mong maramdaman pero 
hindi mo kayang pigilan . ? 
GOOD MORNING mga HIgala ! Kanta na pud ko ani ugma sa K-zels , Palao .. Hihihihi .. Practice ginagmay aron dili tay-an .. c : 
Ka cute ni Ela .. hehehe .. akoa giputlan iyaha bangs nga kulot . straight nah jud iya bangs .. ehehe .. lami nah xa alotan pero sayang iyang kulot . mawala nah daun . mapareha sa akoa . ehehehe ... nalingaw jud ko mag tan-aw niya .. hihihi .. lagot ra bah kaau xa hilabtan iya buhok . hahahaha .. ARTE !! :-) 
Hala .. ang saya ! Thank you papa Jesus ! Naa nah jud work ako mama .. YEHEEEYYY ! Grabeh jud ka kabuotan skoa Lord .. Always granted akoa prayers . I Love You ! : ' ) 
LOVE vs SEX ... 
A teenage girl about 17 had gone to visit some friends one evening and time passed quickly as each shared their various experiences of the past year . She ended up staying longer than planned , and had to walk home alone . She wasn't afraid because it was a small town and she lived only a few blocks away . As she walked along under the tall elm trees , Diane asked God to keep her safe from harm and danger . When she reached the alley , which was a short cut to her house , she decided to take it . However , halfway down the alley she noticed a man standing at the end as though he was waiting for her . She became uneasy and began to pray , asking for God's protection . Instantly a comforting feeling of quietness and security wrapped round her , she felt as though someone was walking with her . When she reached the end of the alley , she walked right past the man and arrived home safely . The following day , she read in the newspaper that a young girl had been raped in the same alley just twenty minutes after she had been there . Feeling overwhelmed by this tragedy and the fact that it could have been her , she began to weep . Thanking the Lord for her safety and to help this young woman , she decided to go to the police station . She felt she could recognize the man , so she told them her story . The police asked her if she would be willing to look at a lineup to see if she could identify him . She agreed and immediately pointed out the man she had seen in the alley the night before . When the man was told he had been identified , he immediately broke down and confessed . The officer thanked Diane for her bravery and asked if there was anything they could do for her . She asked if they would ask the man one question . Diane was curious as to why he had not attacked her . When the policeman asked him , he answered , " Because she wasn't alone . She had two tall men walking on either side of her . " Amazingly , whether you believe or not , you're never alone . Did you know that 98% of teenagers will not stand up for God ? Repost this as Love vs . Sex if you truly believe in God . PS : God is always there in your heart and loves you no matter what and if you stand up for him he will stand up for you . I bet 93% of the people that read this wont repost it . I read this and reposted it . Well I bet you read this note because of the title , didn't you ? Read and Believe . :) 
It would be a perfect CRIME ... 
I f I S T O L E y o u r ? 
a n d U s t o l e m i n e .... ;) wat ya tink ?? 
“One time , may nakita akong sapatos , 
maganda siya kaso nang sinukat ko na 
ang sakit sa paa kasi ang sikip Ang sabi sa akin ng matandang nasa likod ko : 
“Ipinipilit mo kasi ang sarili mo sa bagay 
na hindi nilikha para sa’yo kaya ka nasasaktan . " 
--> just like a shoe , if someone is meant for you they'll just fit perfectly : no struggling ,, no forcing , and no pain <-- ( txt message frm Ja En ) 
Tomooooh ! : 
Lolo : Pwede ko bang halikan kamay mo ? 
Lola : Bakit ? What`s wrong with my lips ? 
---> naks ! ka kiat ni lola ! ahaha .. 
I'll be in K-Zel's later .. 6:30 -12 midnight .. : ) With Kuya Clay , Pilita ang Jerome Gonzaga from Engineering dept .. Ehehehhe .. c y'all mga laagan ! 
A KISS is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words come out just like machine gun bullets . . . . So if dili mahunong imohang uyab sa sigeg yawyaw , ayaw nah dugaya ! KISSi dayon aron undang tanan storya . Hahahahaha .. 
Wala na lang tay tugpahay ani ?? PASTILAN BAH JUD UROY ... makatulog , na di napud makatulog .. na makatulog napud , na di napud makatulog ! Aydow ! Na ma myatayka tano dan !! Antonay ni ?! 
Maglaro tayo ng TANGA-TANGAHAN .. 
Hahabulin kita , 
--> tapos paaasahin mo ako .. TOINK ! ;-) Araaaaaay nmn ! 
Psst !! I Love You daw ., sabi KO :3 
Shock Pa Ka ? 
-->> Syet ! abi pa lng close tah 
Ayaw nag palag dnha , suya lang ka bleehhhahahaha :-P 
SA TANAN nako friends especially ilang Ja En , Rahfe Alamag , Rolly Alamag , KIm PaoLo , Alvin Jumalon Patulada , Michael Singson , Inday Garutay , Larry Gaite ug uban pang nakasabay nako gabii .. DAGHANG SALAMAT ! Bibo kaau to .. Ehehe And nalingaw ko ! Hahaha .. Ug sa CHAMPION sa VOCAL SOLO ug ang 1st sa Wanna Be CONGRATULATIONS ! Ang galing ninyo .. Mwaaaahhhh .. I'm SOOOOOO proud of you guys , keep it up ! <3 <3 <3 Rahfe thanks diay kay ikaw nakapunit skoa celfon ! ahahaha .. mwah 
GIRL : Ikaw ! Ang dami mong babae ! , Sino ba talaga yang nasa puso mo ? 
BOY : Aba malay ko , Lagi mong dala eh ? ? 
--> murag Alvin Jumalon Patulada maka hirit oh .. ahahaha 
FACEBOOK JUST RELEASED THEIR PRICE GRID FOR MEMBERSHIP . $9.99 PER MONTH FOR GOLD MEMBERSHIP . $6.99 PER MONTH FOR SILVER MEMBER SERVICES , $3.99 PER MONTH FOR BRONZE MEMBER SERVICES , FREE IF YOU COPY AND PASTE THIS MESSAGE BEFORE MIDNIGHT TONIGHT . WHEN YOU SIGN ON TOMORROW MORNING YOU WILL BE PROMPTED FOR PAYMENT INFO ... IT IS OFFICIAL IT WAS EVEN ON THE NEWS . FACEBOOK WILL START CHARGING DUE TO THE NEW PROFILE CHANGES . IF YOU COPY THIS ON YOUR WALL YOUR ICON WILL TURN BLUE AND FACEBOOK WILL BE FREE FOR YOU . PLEASE PASS THIS MESSAGE ON IF NOT YOUR ACCOUNT WILL BE DELETED IF YOU DO NOT PAY .. 
_reposted 
MAILHAN JUD PAG OL NA C Ja En kay MAGBAHA akoa NOTIFICATIONS !!! Moapil ra bah daun ang uban .. ahahaha .. HALA ! KAlingawi ko ninyo .. 
KIB-KIBON TA MO RUN !!! c : 
Never apologize for being yourself and never change for anyone . 
If he truly loves you , he`ll love you as you are and not for who he wanted you to be . :) 
Come meh bebeh .. Eh be mah bebeh 2x .. Oh oh oh .. Come meh bebeh put ya hands on mah body , hands on mah body .. Oh oh .. oh .. Right there , keep it right there . I love it when you put it right there eeyehehehehh .. Oh oh oh 2x .. 
.. " agay kalaaaaaaaaaami ! " hahahaha .. ( naa koy nahinumduman ) TOINKS ! 
Piliin mo yung taong kayang mag EFFORT na makita o makausap ka .. Hindi yung taong naalala ka lang kapag NO CHOICE na sya ! _ouch_ 
I have a habit of FALLING TOO HARD and FALLING TOO FAST and getting up my hopes for something I knew won't last . . 
_Im Officially Missing You ?? coz you are Tattoed on My Mind_ : ( 
" Paggising sa umaga , pumasok sa kubeta at ... NAGBATIBOT ! NAGBATIBOT ! " 
Ahahahha ... grabeh ni kalingaw gabii ! hehehehe .. I had the BEST night for this year 2011 . :-))))) 
