gets pissed of at the stupid comments of supremesists 
I'm so stupid ! 
Just finished The Watchmen . It is freaking awesome ! 
Alex Shaw and Joel Camper for homecoming ! 
If you realized how powerful your thoughts are , you would never think a negative thought . 
I declare the 2nd full week of May Awkward Week ! Because this has probably been the most awkward week of my life . 
There is no way i'm ever going to give anyone such a blatant response . 
" You can kill my body , but you can't kill my soul . My soul will live forever ! " 
So call the mainland , from the beach , 
Your heart is now washed up in bleach , 
The waves are rising for this time of year . 
And nobody knows what to do with heat , 
Under sunshine pylons , we'll meet , 
While rain is falling , like rhinestones from the sky . 
Hmm ... I agree with the tacos 
We'll be just fine ... 
All I have to say is that some people are just freaking stupid . They get angry over stupid , petty things . Then they just do stupid stuff . 
So , whatever this is , this thing that now I've become 
You hate it so much , you keep on running from it 
The tacos lied after all 
What about sunrise 
What about rain 
What about all the things 
That you said we were to gain ... 
What about killing fields 
Is there a time 
That you said was yours and mine ... 
Did you ever stop to notice 
All the blood we've shed before 
The crying Earth the weeping shores ? 
is deeply considering blowing off the rest of his life . Or at least a large chunk of it . 
Save me from this island . 
Me and Alex Shaw need to wear suits , have some shenanigans , and have ninjas taking pictures to record the whole bout of skylarking . 
Everytime one of my parents yells for me , i'm afraid that they're going to punish me for something i've done . FML 
I wanna be praised from a new perspective 
Life lives , life dies . 
Life laughs , life cries . 
Life gives up and life tries . 
But life looks different 
through everyone's eyes . 
Yeah snow !!!! 
( this should be read in a sarcastic manner ) 
Today was awesome at school was awesome , even though I was late for my first period vocat and .... Me and Alex Shaw can cook some amazing Cuban Picadillo . 
My brother just murdered an innocent life . All it wanted to do was live , prosper , and pass of it's traits through it's offsrping in order to continue the legacy of life ... 
So , who wants to come see the last airbender with me thursday ? Any takers ? 
has problems 
hates people that take pictures of him when he's asleep . 
Thru my hazy dreams I see a genius architecht , planning his masterpiece . 
needs to go do something . 
is pissed off 
Leaving school early would have been alright today , except the UB meeting was terrible . I walk in and then i'm told to sit from the dark by five somber voices , all speaking in unison . The chair I sat in was directly below a single hanging lightbulb , slowly swinging . A glass of water was already set in front of me , but a fly was slowly creeping along the rim of the glass . 
To all the people that told me happy birthday today , thank you . This birthday hasn't been the best so far , but it definitely hasn't been the worst :D 
Tomorrow is going to be fun :D 
feels like screaming-you know just for the fun of it . 
It's a DISTRACTION ! 
So when I go to Upward Bound this summer , I have to take part in a talent show . So i'm going to play one of my favorite songs on marimba . Someone take a guess at what i'm going to play !!! 
I feel like crawling under a bed and laying there for while , and I feel like shit . 
Only my dad has the ability to IMMEDIATELY ruin my first day out of school . 
thinks it's time for a haircut . And wishes people would actually tell him how long something is going to take . 
Honestly , I hope it gives you hell . 
I'm going to cook a meal for my mom cause it's mother's day . This isn't going to be easy . 
Olivia Varney owes me some very delicious brownies . 
owes Olivia an alpaca . 
guess what i did today ! 
Today was a good day . The family had a cookout ( minus Evan ) . Me and my dad actually got along for once , which was cool . 
You know , some things just aren't worth the trouble . 
I'd give you everything if only I'd have known you'd take it 
But you don't , cause your you ... 
What's the difference between a starch and glycogen ?!? 
is bored . That's it 
In my own denial I realize that my falsehood is indeed incorrect . 
Hmm ... I hope i did well on my biology EOC . For some reason i feel like i did terrible , like i made and 80 
Yeah , it's pointless . I give . 
You , you always point the finger at me 
Like it’s just so easy 
I , I know it hurts sometimes 
But I haven’t been myself lately 

I , I’m getting out 
Won’t take it anymore 
Now , I’m getting out 
Future’s at my door 
Ingles inspires me to kick things ... 
My dad is EVIL . I wish he would just leave me alone . 
If life is made of nothing but waiting , why do we live it ? Because , we wait for it to get better . 
So calling all submarines 
' Round the world we'll go 
Does anybody know 
If we're looking out on the day 
Of another dream 
this concert was awesome . Branded , Disaster , and Saturday in The Park were amazing 
Nevermind ! I give up ! 
Got up WAY too early this morning , so I should take a nap . But , I won't . 
" Getting Out " by Every Avenue-the story of my life . Maybe that's not up to me to decide , so maybe it is , maybe it isn't . But if it is then my life lasts 4 minutes and 13 seconds . 
Se echo de todos ustedes , y hablando en español es divertido ! 
Had some awesome hours with Joel Camper and Zak Denny yesterday . AND , I got my glasses today . So , now I can see , which is awesome . 
I may be glad that I have a bright summer ahead of me , in the next school year i'll miss many people . I hope that they will all remember me , and visit sometime . 
Check out this flying car , which has been approved by the FAA . Also , 70 people have already made deposits . LINK !!!!!!!!!!!!!! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xo0MEQSGW8w 
is clearly wrong , but keeps believing despite his own skepticism . 
needs to go and do something . Staying at my house with family sucks . 
Wake me up when I can live without this junk clogging up everything . 
You know you're better off on your own . 
IS BORED !!!! If I don't find something to do , i'm going to end up sleeping . ALL THE TIME . 
Through electric lines I see a sky , 
Tarnished by a puff of smoke , 
To a mere hazy gray . 
So I say the judges , 
It's not a lie , 
just the stark cold truth . 
If it's not going to happen , why do I keep waiting ? 
All hail King Neptune and his water breathers , 
No snail thing too quick for his water feeders . 
Don't waste time with your net , our net worth is set , ready , go . 
is sitting on melancholy hill ... :D 
Am I the only one to notice that college commercials are very irritating ? 
twilight is completely overrated . I just don't see why it's so popular . 
Indivisible , or Invisible ? 
my siblings and I need to hang out . 
Get over it . No matter what you do , IT WILL NOT CHANGE ! 
I'M GOING TO SEE COHEED AND CAMBRIA !!!!!!!!!! I might be , they're supposed to be in Asheville sometime in august i think . 
My dad is still a jerk , but I did get my school schedule . The only problem is I need to change it , I just don't know what to drop . 
Nothing . I'm in the type of mood where nothing brings me satisfaction . 
One excuse can answer everything . 
All of us failed to match our dreams of perfection . So I rate us on the basis of our splendid failure to do the impossible . 
" Every calling is great when greatly pursued . " 
Has anyone ever had a state of being that they just can't explain at all ? Because that is exactly how I feel . 
Finally ! I have my laptop back ! :D 
Like this and I'll tell you what I like , dislike , and my first impression of you . 
Feeling like I ought to sleep 
Spinning room is sinking deep 
Searching for something to say 
Waiting for the break of day 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Life is kicking my ass . 
My dad is such an ass . There goes going to get my school schedule . 
Merci , i'm unhappy . 
Well we'll float on , good news is on the way . 
Alex Shaw , the stars are proof that there always is and will be a shining light . 
Can't wait for his weekend . Alex Shaw , Joel Camper , and I must have many laughs and a good time . 
How can we be sure of everything . Actually , we can't be sure of anything . Just think about anything and everything . You can never know the answer to anything . Everything is nothing . Nothing is anything . 
I don't even know ! 
It is to hard to do anything . 
We rose and well fell ... But at least we tried to do it together . 
Trying is getting pretty hard , but it's what gives meaning to anything . 
I need something . But that's not my problem . 
I can't talk . 
Joel Camper and Alex Shaw , call 536-4942 . DO IT ! 
cannot wait until he finishes Pre-Calculas . 
I cannot accurately describe my dislike for chemistry and pre-calculas . 
I love how people cling to what they know when confronted with difference and discomfort . And for all their answers to life . 
Like this status and I’ll describe you in 1 word on your wall . 
They keep telling me , " It's not like it seems . " 
Winds Over Eden 
Time hurries on 
And the leaves that are green turn to brown 
And they wither in the wind 
And they crumble in your hand 
Sometimes , certain people just need a backhand to make them realize that they're freaking insane . 
Try to live your life as though your every action could suddenly become a universal law . 
But my words like silent raindrops fell , 
And echoed 
In the wells of silence 
I still have not started my take-home test for anatomy . It's gonna suck if I actually fail this test .... 
Really wants to be unstoppable . 
Stop , rewind , burn the tape . 
The Sound of Silence 
If you're not part of the solution , you're part of the precipitate . 
Today the horoscope I read was completely right about how I spent my day . The only problem is ... I'm a Virgo , not a Capricorn ... 
Holy crap , me and Evan Silvers are totally getting Morphsuits . 
We're fated to pretend . 
We're nothing but a flash in space , gone before we're understood . 
I wish they could see how it's killing me . 
Good thing I brought my shotun-cane . 
I learned two things today . First , if you think about Power Rangers while manually changing channels on your TV , you will black out . Second , mailboxes are dangerous . 
Emit Remmus . Just found out what it is . 
As heads or tails . 
Dear Mother , kudos on the enchiladas 
Building your lenses 
Digging your trenches 
Put me on the front lines 
Leave me with a dumb mind 
blah blah blah . my face is ugly . sometimes , when no one is looking , I lick the spaces between my toes . at night I cry because I haven't seen the latest twilight movie , and one day I want to grow up to be just like bella ...... 
I'll say i'm not going to sit and wait , but that's exactly what i'll do . 
Edgar Allan Poe , I just interpreted your story . What now ?! 
Just what exactly is the fucking point ? 
