' Tis the season .... 
The newest fashion trend . Pre-post-apocalyptic dystopia . Look like all those futuristic cultures did ..... right before they had their shit ruined :D 
India Foxtrot Yankee Oscar Uniform Charlie Alpha November Uniform November Delta Echo Romeo Sierra Tango Alpha November Delta Tango Hotel India Sierra , Charlie Oscar Papa Yankee Alpha November Delta Papa Alpha Sierra Tango Echo Tango Oscar Yankee Oscar Uniform Romeo Sierra Tango Alpha Tango Uniform Sierra 
The sedentary place is guaranteed :P 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status and the first entry for your name under comments ... 
Nyet Nyet , Soviet , Da Da Canada ! :P 
We're here to devour each other alive . -Hobbes ( Calvin and Hobbes ) 
" Hey I know this really good bar , Let's go and make it better ! " 
still studying up on candidates , because voting based on your favorite name isnt democracy in action :P GET TO THE POLLS 
aye but its one of those days * sarcastic smile and double thumbs up * 
Suicide Bombings : Used by cowards since 1881 :( 
WhyIsItTheWorldNeverRememberedTheNameOf Johann Gambolputty de von Ausfernschplendenschlittercrasscrenbonfrieddiggerdangledongledunglebursteinvonknackerthrasherapplebangerhorowitzticolensicgranderknottyspelltinklegrandlichgrumblemeyerspelterwasserkurstlichhimbleeisenbahnwagengutenabendbitteeinnürnburgerbratwurstlegerspurtenmittzweimacheluberhundsfutgumberabershoenendankerkalbsfleischmittleraucher von Hautkopft of Ulm ? 
Reach , Caulking , Wing Commander nostalgia , and potential tooth infection ! what a day 
what do you get when you follow two municipal elections ? twice the disappointment :S 
Happy Canada Day everyone !!! :) 
new experience for me feeling an earthquake while 10 floors up :D very win . 
was completely unaware that this Friday was a thirteenth :P 
Thank you all for your well wishes on yet another solar orbital journey and adding to a wonderful day :) 
I gotta say , Christopher Nolan did not dissapoint with Inception . Fantastic ! :) 
Civ V * dreamy look * its all i could have hoped for :') 
Scott Joplin , Metropolis and Foi Gras add up to a pretty win day :) 
has not noticed any superhuman powers after being bombarded with x-rays :S dang . better up it to gamma next time :) 
" You frighten me , Citizen Mattress , " 
and suddenly you wake up somewhere else and its home :) 
the election debate has taught me that every party is the only party :P 
Horror and Hope in the same night . What will the next 4 years bring ? 
No no no , my fish's name is Eric , Eric the fish . He's an halibut . 
How fitting that my recent revival of love for TNG should coincide with Patrick Stuart's birthday . 
my biggest bitter laugh of the day . To save funds , the city might need to cut police and fire services .... if this happens .... insurance rates will go up . Hey ... isnt that like raising taxes .... except only the insurance companies benefit ? 
Thank you all for writing on my wall and showing me some love on this day . It was indeed fun filled and happy , though we will see about the success . You have all added to the aforementioned happiness :) 
Canada will not be the same without your passion . Rest in peace Jack Layton . 
