trying to make distions they are so hard to do just like trust is hard to do too 
really p.O. but whatever 
can't wait for true blood to come on :) 
Final found a new torrant and got more songs I wanted dam I going to go to college and as my friend say music rehab . 
confused and at same time caring about and not 
Going up to my college for the weekend yaaaaaaaa !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
So a peace of mind just got back from my summer college sesion which was alzome ! but has lots to perpare for even summer home work . Elmira rocks !!!!!!!! 
going out to hang with my brother and may go out tomorrow 
Can not wait till friday not because of my bday but I may speed time with my best budy 
Sady I cleaned the living room final to get ride of my ocd of it being messy to much animal hair . 
Doing summer homework and watch the 10th kingdom , only one week till my partents are gone for four day ya time to myself it's been too long . 
went to see harry potter was as good as i thought it would be 
hate's how headphones die on me where you hear nothing wa 
Hates the constuction because it cause compter/ TV and all elctronics f- up random shut down 
plain to watch runaway bride but still depating 
Is finally done with The adventures of Tom- and the paper start the Spirt on and it suck I hate this on i wish i started with it man i mad now it so bording tom story was better than this wa . but only got 15 chapters to go and two page paper then done wa 
is like in lala land and procrastinating which I rarely do 
keeps have the song by cobrs starship Good Girls go Bad lol this does help me out ethier 
happy and not confused hates my butterflys 
hates how I feel only because I scared of what it could bring 
loves talk to new people even though it prable a bad thing i think though 
is not becoming attched to anything 
hates bday because the person you always want to spend it with something happens to them where they blow you off as i always say bday just other day of life . 
wishes I could not be so dam truthfull and lie sometime unlike me tell everyone everything because i don't care what they think . 
really hate to chocie between two people When you don't know what each will do ? 
know roomate but has no facebook so I will have to check emails more wa 
finally made a new choice an i think it good though but i not sure I have been told that it is good so it must be 
is downloading too much music I going crazy with all the music I want wa 
is starting to lose my vocie and has been typing more than talking werid 
know is feels at pice of mind 
still being very bad which is not good at all , dam my moods I hate them but love them wa 
life is good and getting the spirt done is a pain I good but boring to read I rather see it on a movie 
hates to be glowing and think the way i am right now I never thought this way before wa 
final got a hair cut that I was waiting for three months 
watch torchwood the children of earth it very humorus 
is waiting to find out who my roomateI still have to laugh because everything is 3 with me and y room is 021 which is like drink age lol 
hates how so many people fall in love with me and i don't too them 
needs to finsh spirt half way and it making me tired 
wishes I would such up about things and not open my mouth hate talking so much right now but want to dam ! 
Hates how love and hate can be cause you to go nutty 
finally got six hs f straight sleep ya I now I feel so engerized like the bunny with the battery 
I strong enof to face the world alone but why woud I 
can't belive what people have done 
really really tired and is almost finshed spirt 
hates the waiting game which tend to be my life now 
is having an OCD moment my living room is so mess I think I may clean it I going nuts but everyone a sleep so I know I can't dam it 
Had a also night yesterday and still tried from it but all I can keep think is I want to do bad thing with you ! 
watch friends siblings wa hate this kids because they are to wild and crazy but not as bad as i was 
I am feeling strange right now and started to pack what a pain 
really tired but got half od spirt done 
should parable be working on spirt eassy but is being lazy this is not good I have the outline though 
Watching true blood <3 and getting four days with out my mom and dad :) 
finshed all m sumer work and now jst have to figure out what I need to pack 
really badly wants to go to Club Hell to see Cobra Starship tonight 
is so happy that I have 8 days till i go to EC 
is feeling exstermly tired but got lots of things done 
had a very long talk with an old friend which was need 
less than like 15 hours in tiverton and realized what I going to miss the most my pets I never not been around animals like dogy and cats in the house wa 
doing thing to feel better that are bad but can't stop 
feeling hopefull and beter than I did in a long time 
I rather hurt than feel nothing at all 
Almost done with Doctor season 2 two more epsiods but done for today and almost 50% done with summer home work ya 
if this how it ends could not get much worse , that the way it is we learn to build a wall till it falls I am fearless 
sick of my family dam what will they do if I was dating omg shot me 
trying so hard to listen to peoples advice but can't 
cant belive I leaving tiverton after dinner I did it and made it where I want to go wow I am still in shock but things are hitting me 
hates having to run around all day feeling drained of life right now tired and can't sleep that well too exstied wa only less that 3 days 
trying to caught up on TV shows 
really mad that internet stop working when I was try to watch a TV show online yesterday wa 
really happy at ec and I realized I will have to do something that I will not like to people back home but I realized it nessary 
really happy to be busy and starting classes 
really hates havn't to be mean 
idk why I just poped into my head I hate hook up yet I like fun buddies lol weird but arent they the same ? 
is still glowing dam it but it is good though 
heading to first party than still debading going to secound one after 
thinks that old people are just as bad as the young but keep it in them lol 
hates Allergies caused sickness on first day but o well i deal feel just like I always am but trying to fix it hopefully soon Loves my class so far but Chem . though not the teachter or class just number of people worry me 
getting things done 
sick allgery are wros out here but the place is better feeling like home every day 
finshed the essay and stilol have lots of shit to do 
having fun writing and tired sick and lots of work :) 
is really happy bt idk why lol 
If you read this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment with a memory of you and me . It can be anything you want ... When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about u . 
tired but got things done 
tired stressed and not worried that much weird 
taking a night away form compters 
is going nuts with trying to find more music that I like even though I spent all day download more . 
I so happy Carrie Underwod new song and Miranda Lamber new album :) new music to listen to during typig papers !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
only like one day till I go to ec and leave tiverton 
went to chills nd is now really tired and bored I going to try to get sleep tonight for once . 
hates myself at times 
wants sleep day but even sunday not sleep cause my body wake me up so dam early lol but it all good as I will put it You can Sleep when you are Dead 
great done with the fair now on to papers all night for easye week hopefully 
is in shock and worried because of what people did and can't wait to go to EC one Week 
getting the finall cheack on my packing to make sure I got everything 
realize no matter where you go you never loss things 
drama is always drawing to me I never create it it just comes to me like magnate 
tired text toomorrow in chem and paper to due as usal everyday doing one of them little by little 
really sick I can barly speak I got lot f work done and went bowling wow that was alzome with Gabi Dani Julie Liz Jess and Adri lol too ei lol 
finsh spirit and liked the end starting paper 
really tired and didn't get things done i need to yet 
paper read and paper an correct paper with Julie and read zzzzzzzzzzz 
finally settle in and at ec I left tiverton and am now at my new home 
cant wait to be at ec tomorrow probably leaving early than plained 
watching charmed and hanging with Liz :) and doing work early for chem 
is really tired and bored 
really tired just got back for my friend's birthday party and end up making up with an old friend 
really sick can barely speak , probably strap , hung out with friends tonight and watched movie and chated with friend's fiends it was great :) 
cleanng room before patret come 
Waiting on class and laundry dam dryer and also starting the secoud paper due on thurday lol yeah I know I shouldn't . Can't wait for chem . or core 
has a wild night two parties to go to back to back birthday on and Beths party after lol I going to like be in bed all day tomorrow from being out so late and up so early 
less stressed and feel better and the paper was hard to cut down into a paragraph 
mad my elmira email is not woring and i have yet to order the books 
I finally almost getting a little bit ahead 
four days off and still doing work but taking time off too 
wow have lots to do to prep 
really cazyed too much to do 
wishes I could have seen you but I cant cause your already gone 
finally got my first work which is made me happy 
fails at life 
didn't get all I need to get due :( but I work on it later , hates bein sick and doing to much work 
greatness is coming 
20 page paper killer notthe page amount the ways you need to wite it sucks . 
got lots done but still lots to due too I finshed psy . and octagon fair papers spend all day doing them and studying for chem . 
wishes I could see you one more time before you have to go 
tired and stil has to do things before I go napy 
study night than mabey chill probably chill to take break fr studying 
care shouldnt , lie who doesnt , hate well everyone has one person , love well that unlikey 
cant wait till tonight and to finsh what I should hav done weeks ago but if I did not who knows I may never end up this way 
I want to dance on the pole all night , and party on pole every day 
tired and hates my sinuses they make me tired and think I am infected with a sinus infection wow nothing new though I just got over one too 
omg Dani and Gabby in Liz's room night yeah yeah , and chip . 
hang with chip and great friends 
finally home in the Tiv . 
with chip and liz normal and doing work after I go to psy exstra credate . 
read read read wa can't wait till I am done reading 
with the Liz's misture and Chippy , and loves Gabby to death and the other two toooo !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) 
I am free !!!!!!!!!! :)))))))))) 
loved and cant wait for break to go home but also will miss it here too 
had a wild ass night had to help my girl out Tammy omg you better never drink that much again or I shot you ass to save you !!!! 
at piece of mind :) 
going out to hell meeting Tammy omg I missed her so much and going to hell with brother the none lazy one . missed seeing Cynda and missed Steph goin :( maybe when I come back next time . Cant wait till xmas vac . and missing my liz , Gabi , Dania , Julie and for so weird reason Jess . 
tired finsh all that needed to get done and I don't know how 
I want sleep please dam it for people I do not want ot go but I guess that be when I sleep . 
worry life up and down . 
going with bros to New Moon even though they already saw it and dislike Twight weirdos 
heading back to EC today and I am happy to go and cant wait to see my friends from their like the first floor of Alumni lol . 
" now I can't laugh , I can't cry , cant run , cant hide ! " ( " keep you " sugarland ) 
finally snow to keep it nice nd cold :) ! 
pole pole pole dancing dancing fun fun fun wa I wish I coul do that all the time 
worried about failure dam ass evil people ! 
tired as hell finally not more classes just finals left . 
having fun tonight ! ;) 
I got all my grades , but the one that maters the most my fing core grade . Dam it people should grade and not take thier dam time . 
passed Chem :) with a higher grade then I thought . 
tired and has to shove more or will not be able to leave my house tomorrow and if I can not leave my house I will go nuts . 
bla bla bla bla bla bla 
according to " someone " I am a whore and a lunatic . wow how low do asholes go ! 
hang out with Steph :) 
tired and cant wait to go back to EC ! :) 
studing and getting ready for psy finals . :) then break . 
Blue id cool ... In fact , blue is the coolest color . The color of the sky & ocean , blue is naturally soothing & relaxing . Blue skies represent optimism & endless possiblities . Blues ribbons are designed for champions . Blus symbolizes freedom , strength & new beginnings . Blue is the best see ! 
YES I passed Core omg I feel so much better knowing I passed it ! wow now I can sleep a lot better knowing that I passed everything and got the grades I exspected too . :) 
about to walk to the libary to see my AMie who I missed as well as othe friends if they hapen to betheir 
" It takes amuch courage to have tried and failed as it does to have tried and Succeeded " -Anne Morrow Lindbergh I am starting to wonder what happen to my clown slef when I was younger , as I got told though I have no idea where did it go ? 
my mommy found the cutiest kitty in the backfield , the cat is so nice but my mom's evil doggy ran up and caused the cat to bit her , though we still have it under quaratine just like people with the swine ! :) I love the kitty it so cute it like Andy little bro . 
watching Torchwood , worked and will work on papers later 
:) finally over with the devil finalss hope I passed them and can not wait to go home . 
day keeping getting better and now I be find when i leave 
If dealth came up to you and said you can die or over 50 peope you know can die , what would you chose ? 
dam it why do I over study to the point I have a headach for studying the last two week , dam my psy test . 
The one thing I dislike my mom for always waking me up for no reason . 
disapointed in myself , next time I listen to my gut and not fing one else ! 
tired and wishes my powerpoint for my psy group was done right cant wait untill break I finsh notes cards for finals yeah but notes for paper for core final no wa too uc work to do in one week but I get it done :) 
dam it Kali Liz play it all the time . 
someone obssive and it not me 
study for core and chem final kill me omg I going to die ! 
Chirmas is always fun , though how is Christmas Merry . 
hates to go out and get things for college when om wants me to get too much 
fear what we all have and what stop us from success , I wish I could get ride of my fears , fear of words to come out of my mouth , fear of word that come for others mouths . 
can not wait to start torch wood tomorrow . :) 
busy which is the best happy as hell and love the writing 
is really tired cause my body woke me up at 5 today and I didnt get back to sleep and busy morning and 1 day left in little old tiverton 
sinus the one thing I would kill if I could allergies dam them 
sleepy and reading almost done f core and is ready to kill the 20 pager I dont know what else to say 
life flys by so do what you want , when you want and where you want . 
with my home girl tonight and miss my friends back at college and miss the other pees too 
tired omg last week then home . ANA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! wtf !!! 
Hate assumptions they are never worth it and cause people to become pissed off ! 
blah blah don't think I should converse but really desire it . don't call your fake false friends because there's no point in them actually caring . blowing through the icy winds wishing it was fluffy snow to lay in and absorb the peaceful snow being untouched by the evil humans that we all are . 
fing birds at one in the morning , four , all the way up until seven ! Awwww someone shoot this birds I can't Sleep chirp chirp is all I hear ! 
biggest question why would birds be up at one in the morning churping ? any answers please ? 
someone shoot these dam birds I so sleepy and I hate this sound of bird cherping Grrr ! 
flower flower , rose 
no idea why randomy ideas are popping into my brain , but I need to type them out . 
if there is a graden what flower would you be ? 
prosecution has no evidence against him , though his DNA on the vicum is he guilty for murder ? 
:'( 
Triskaidekaphobia – Fear of the number 13 
Contradistinguish – verb tr . To distinguish ( one thing from another ) by contrasting qualities . 
Green words 

I wont ware this though . 
Verdigris – noun A bluish-green patina formed on copper , brass , and bronze when exposed to air or water for a long time . 
Probably the best idea is to cover your self with plant life ! 
Verdant –adjective 1 . Green with vegetation ; covered with green growth , Green , lacking experiences or sophistication ; naïve . 
Perspicaciousness –noun keenness of perception and discernment 
For the strength of the Pack is the Wolf , and the strength of the Wolf is the Pack . 
Rudyard Kipling ( 1865-1936 ) 
nerves are they in our head or does our body built toward fearing what you fear ? 
It is not difficult to be unconventional in the eyes of the world when your unconventionality is but the convention of your set . 
W . Somerset Maugham ( 1874-1965 ) 
feels , alone , but I think right now that is a good thing . :/ 
wonders when we do not heat our plates when we eat dinner makes more senese too , because it keeps the food warm ? 
wonder where life brings us sometimes we all tend to live in our confurted zone which is why be never truely know what life bring at all . We hope everything works out the way we want it but we just try our bet and thre nothin wrong with that . life is short and full of surpises so when they come and there is a chioce to make don't go with the safe one because it usually doesnt help you or make youas happy . 
finally got my scrubs for clinical :D and got several other clothing to keep me warm and my back not in pain 
I sent you a smiley ! Want to see it ? http://apps.facebook.com/smileycentral/go.jhtml?partner=ZNzfb008_ZNxmk788YYUS 
realized love is selfish no matter what u do , if u are in love u have to be willing to fight for it . No care what anyone else thinks and be willing to do anything for them . The worrier is not worried what going on in this head of mine . Realized most people are assholes and never trust people with your life unless you know they are turly worthly . Wants to move to europe aways have and I going to do it no matterwhat ! 
Today was a good Saturday , one of the best in a long time . Cant wait only few weeks until I head off to London . :) 
realized we all never stop being a freshman throughout our lives because we start school than move up to college and are freshman again than have a degree and start a new job and end up a freshman again than we are fired from that job and end up starting all over never ending climbing the pole to the top ! 
The Brain starts decreasing in weight at the age of 20 lol so I lol dieing but aren't we all lol 
Needs to breath and relax more because my dam Amygdala is so overeactive about everything . 
" its better to love than to have loss than to have never loved at all " Shakespeare 
brain brain brain brain on the brain 
" Never don't take a risk because remember amateurs build the arc and professional build the Titanic ; " which one would you rather trust ? lol 
I am in Paris , loving it and wishes I could live in europe beautful and quiet the way I love it . :) 
Well I love how everyone always is trying to solve other people that they need help when most people dont even help themselves ever because they ether don't know how to or don't want to deal with their own . O wait I guess that because we are human and all crazy dumpasses ! lol 
I stocker cats , out of the two I only love one . The other one tends to be a neusnese 
w 
Meow , purr , bubbles why not . 
Kitty cat are awesome , crazy and wild more than anyone in the world ! 
Glad some of the people in my lfe inspired me to take back old habbits that I lost when I left . :) working on my story that is so old I shoud finish it ! 
realized how fake people are and how bad people are . 
loves books on the mind and body ; :) how to use you brain and keep your body in good healthy condition :D ! 
wishes tonight would be over because I always ahead with what I have to finish . boredom and desiring to do something with my cognitive function . O what o what shell it be .. :/ 
I wrote this letters to the person of my dreams . Thought they never come around . the happier place and felling settle down . You can always visit friends and family but the hardest part is to leave them . 
addicted to Katy Perry new music video Fire work , which takes place in Budapest , Hungary , it really cute and true . We all should show who we truly are if someone is picking on us ! 
wonders why people are alive sometimes 
Three weeks until clinical :) 
everyone is a bad person as well as a good person however we all do actions that either our selfish , help others , or both . People offend seem nicer than they truely are you never know anyone until a person is willing to give up there whole life for you . 
meow meow dancing fun fun fun :D 
at times I think I completely nuts but than I remember I no different than everyone else ! lol 
realized when you leave home you lose yourself and only the true and worthy will know me and that is never and will ever be anyone from my past unless I see you as worthy and true which are few if you think you are one you will know if not that get lost 
How did we meet ? Copy and post to see what you get .... ( While most of my good friends it really funny how we met . 
finally after being sick for over a month I know what I have and I am not happy . mononucleosis from my lover well at lest I love him , which is why I will accept it ! 
How did we meet ? Copy and post to see what you get .. Well I remember most of them ... I think let me see you recall 
to buy Katy Perrys CD it smell like coton candy and you can get katy perry boxers withTeenag Dream on he bum side . HELL YES SMELL COTTON CANDY ON CD :) . 
I working for the weekend tomorrow I be going nuts lol 
wonders where the world is headed seeming that Asian people are become emtionless and only the best of the best too . They out number everyone else bye millions what will we do , will Asian be over powering everywhere soon ? :/ 
wishes I was in London 
wans ogo to London 
I am as mad as the Hatter 
no one really knows anyone because they never know what going through their minds . 
wonders why so many man love there nipples rubbed ? 
wonders why most dam asshole straight man always cause emy life to be dramatic , when there is no need for it . GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRrr 
pissed three hours worth of work lost and have to redo :( , well at least I enjoy it somehow no idea how , so working on the brain over again , most of the night ! :) ! Brain Brain brain on the brain ! 
I think I too addicted to the human brain , I don't know if that is bad ? lol reading brain books and typing notes while listening to the radio . 
noticing how what your eat really affects your moods more than anything . Been working on my diet to maintain a healthy one and overall , I noticing that I haven't changed that much ; maybe that is why I am so thin . Plus to people who have singing , when you practice breath it increase your metabolism . another reason I maybe be thin . Dam my body , I don't like all the unhealthy food , wish I did maybe I weight more :/ . 
Brain brain Brain :D all today and all tonight brain on the brain :) ! 
Feel like sometimes I talk to much and no one really even cares to listen or wants too deal with it . 
working on the brain brain brain :) lol I think I too nutty over the human brain always reading about it and how it works . maybe that is what makes me nuts lol who knows . 
I have always wondered what a sinus infection is ; Finally figured it out , it is not really a sinus infection doctors call it that because it when baceria has enter your sinuses through your allergens , causes you the evil pain of a sinus infection . Therefore , sinus infection is really a bacteria infection simple terms :) . 
When th green grass turns brown and the brown spots start to regrow into green gass , what side would you head to ? 
what a day , I sware once one thing leads to another throughtout the day , it get wroe , having worrying ad panticing day following my best friend in hospital . 
rose is made up of several pedals , as the rose passes all that is left are the pedals and the stem . the pedals will still smell as if the rose were whole again ; however , over time the smell and pedals will all be lost within the area around . 
lol everyone needs a dumpy 
" Rome if you want to , all around the world ! " 
Mose the some in the house when you sleep Mose , there something that cats go after Mose . 
" Whenever I hear a cat meow or movement of slow techoy music I think of you . I miss you dearly and never thought I would miss someone so much . I keep busy to try to take my mind off of you but it never works . I always end up back where I was before missing you . I am happy though that I know I have you and you may come see me . :) " 
I think we all should use are limbic system more often because it is the one that defines who we are in some many ways :) . 
WANTS SLEEP , where is my drug too sleeep because I havent been in so long !? 
I am very tetchy and come off as a valetudinarian . if you dont know what they mean look it up . 
I want to sleep :( it is one in the morning and I am tired but no matter what I do I cant seem to sleep :( . 
it is Cold in my house no heat working :( 
wishes some people had a heart and were not superiority complex . 
meow meow meow 
wants to go live in a whole , no idea where , but away from everyone at the moment . really wish I could sleep , and wish my lymph nodes were swollen . 
A perfect rose , how perfect it may seem always have little imperfections that make the rose itself , as the rose fades away unfortunately there never be quiet another such a perfect and similar to the perfect rose . 
Yoga is the best I feel everyone should do some form , it is a form of medication which helps towards higher level mental thinking . Also , read the numerous other benefits on 
Who doesn't love Pink and he wild music video that always are funny as hell ! 
Katy PERRY NEW MUSIC VIDEO IS FIREWORKED ! :) PURPLE HIGHLIGHTS ! AND GREATLY DONE ! :D 
where is my buddy , I baking feeling bit lost without her , it less fun too :( . lol 
Utilizing the whole brain The claim that we only use 10 percent of our brains is false- we use all of it . Some complex functions , such as memory involve many areas at once . lol Finally the good prof we all needed lol 
I am a cavort ! 100% lol 
Great weekend , really sleepy wont be able to sleep until , after class , hopefully I don't fall asleep during it . 
Taylor Swifts song " Never grow up "" 
needs and want Sleep , I am so tired ; but cant seep I dont enjoy this . No matter what I do , I cant seem to sleep . :/ Why does my body do this to me ?! GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRr 
wondering how old friends are , the one who used to speak but have gone very quiet into there busy lives like the rest of us . lost in are own life to go back and inform people how we are . 
Mon amant préfère mais sa façon de traite des humeurs . 
Everyone always saying that dump people will be the killers ; however , in reality it's usually a person who has a degree and well planned . Weird thought to think about , maybe that is why I don't like to see , doctors , lol because they could seem meaning well and than next minute snap . :/ idk maybe it's a thought . 
I may not be attractive ; Everyone may not want me ! I don't act fake because I'm perfectly happy being me . I might not be proud of actions that I've done . However , I'm proud of who I am today , even if it's not who I want to be . Take me for who I am or walk out the door ; if you can't support me at my worse ; your not worth being in my life because support needed most than ! Post if you're proud who you are !! 
moody mom make moody kids yeppy eyes rolling :/ . 
reading brain books I Love it so much fun , guess I am nutty about our brains lol 
wonders what the future will bring . 
ne sont pas tous un peu insensé 
Happy Thanksgiving ! Even though it is the same shit in my house year after year wished people would change but that mean growing older . 
been reading on psycho-logic disorders , we all do have parts of almost everyone , I think the most common is moodiness , which is bipolar however on so many different spectrum . 
so sleepy wants to sleep but cant no idea why , woke up four times last night . :( 
• People who describe themselves as ‘too emotional’ may feel they suffer from an overload of feeling but it is more likely to be those around them who get battered on the rollercoaster of their passions . Emotions exist to help us manipulate influence or bully those around us – whether we consciously desire it or not . 
Fear is the created memory that we unconsciouse of during our development . 
seeing the strongest women fade away . 
going to be saved anyone want to join because I don't think it can save me at all . lol 
going for a walk in one of my oldest places to think . its been a long time since I been there ; however I hope it will always be there , probably not because today we destroy those . 
I finished with another chapter of the Brain book finally on to the Anatomy lol no idea why that wasn't the first chapter however I can't wait to read more in-depth because The senses , along side with emotions and feelings look very fulfilling to read :) , What is wrong with me , why I am so Human Brain obsessed ? 
So what would you do if you had Anarchic hand syndrome , and your one of your hands tried to kill you ? lol 
Going crazy over Brain , Yoga , and the Human body , well what else is new , I think I always been that way . lol 
heat fix :) warm again :) 
wow three hour went by fast finished three sections of brain book though accomplishment :) was somewhat fun and omg too much nuclei for me lol 
going to hell this week next week f 
If a child is never burned does a child feel the pain of being burnt ? 
Well I stopped watching my ways so I going to hell tonight along side my friends who lost their ways too ! 
going to hell this week end up in heaven next . 
Happy New Year ! 
wtf weather has tended to cause me the same issues nearly everytime I try to leave tiverton ! 
reaching for the stars because that is what they are out there for . 
