is eating some deliciously starchy rice cooked in some seafood juices ... tal-ottja . 
" A Prince should never flinch from being blamed for acts of ruthlessness which are necessary for safeguarding the State and their own Person . You must take these things so much to heart that you do not fear to strike even the very nearest that you have , i 
quoting Mr. Louis Welcomme : " One suspects the rallies in Tehran look significant because urban folk have more access too the media . " 
the Eastern Europeans lead the way ... 
xi ? add semma ' l Tenco ? 
wants to watch a documentary about documentaries 
wants to be a truck-driver for a while 
is Kier Gray 
Does anyone else not know that G.B. Shaw's Androcles and the Lion will be performed tonight at Hastings Garden at 8pm ? 
why does one awake with fear in one's stomach ? 
Trid tara b'g ? ajnejk biex temmen il-livell ta ' korruzzjoni bla mist ? ija f'dal-pajji ?. 
" We live in a primitive time , don't we , Will ? Neither savage nor wise . Half-measures are the curse of it . Any rational society would either kill me or put me to some use . " 
" Did you know that the first Matrix was designed to be a perfect human world where none suffered , where everyone would be happy ? It was a disaster . ... Some believe that we lack the programming language to describe your perfect world , but I believe that a 
jaqaw inqata ' d-dawl ? 
Sa fl-a ?? ar il-folla tqum bl-opinjonijiet tag ? ha . Issa l- ? in li wie ? ed jag ? laq ? alqu jekk ma jridx jinbela ' . 
Long live Piotr Stanczak . 
thinks the Tehran protests are overhyped in the media and bound to meet a bloody end very soon . And the sorriest thing is that even if they succeed in their aims , they will have changed NOTHING . 
knee is clicking and hurting slightly . 
Is Msr . Karlos in the house please ? 
" In the right situation , we're all capable of the most terrible crimes . To imagine a world where this was not so , where every crisis did not result in new atrocities , where every newspaper is not full of war and violence , well , this is to imagine a world 
The Prussian Constitutional Monarchy is helping the Netherlands mop up the Belgian dogs ( and having a hard time paying for new recruits ) . 
g ? adu kif nittef papra u ? aseb kemm nies isiru ve ? etarjani li kieku kellhom jippreparaw l-la ? am tag ? hom stess ... 
temp sabi ? - missu jag ? mlilna sajf hekk . 
sab dokumentarju dwar id-dokumentarji ... seta ' kien a ? jar imma insomma . 
dawn il- ? bejniet ultra-nexfin bil-b ? ar , mel ? u kosbor se jkunu l-qatla tieg ? i , xbin ... 
how can the masters of conformity be also masters of eccentricity ? 
is ultra-practical , theoretically speaking . 
sees the Deciever . In himself . As soon as some partial truth is recognized , it itself becomes a husk , a lifeless decoration , c o-o pted by Falsity . 
Michael Jackson is either dead , in a coma , or sound asleep . 
this tennis match is gay - anyone else listening to the BBC World at the moment ? 
rewatching Children of Men - there it is , the conclusion of Liberalism . 
has an entire series of Japanorama to watch , woohoo ! 
jaf lil xi ? add qabditu l-iswine flu . Imnalla ilu ma jarah ... 
Kif l-ideat kollha ji ? u waqt xi mixja twila , u jisparixxu hekk kif tpo ?? i bilqeg ? da ? 
The British Empire , ruled by a Nationalist Reactionary Party , is putting down massive revolts in India , and helping the USA fight Mexico . 
overdosed on squid ... 
Utopia is the mosh pit . 
are my posts appearing on the mainpage or is it just me that can't see them ? 
can't get used to writing " bureaucrat " correctly .... 
" Out of the eater came forth meat , out of the strong came forth sweetness . " 
L'Etat c'est moi . - Louis XIV 
" Man will point to Nature , claiming War was meant to be , but here they died with Reason , through Selflessness , not Greed . " 
I did not post any question on anyone's page . If you recieve notification ( there's at least twenty of you ) it's a stupid bug , if you enter it , you'll send it to others . That's what happened . ( Now I'm thinking I've just convinced you to check it out , just 
Stewie and Roger should pair up , and take over the world . 
The real artist has no pride . Unfortunately he sees that his art has no limits . He feels obscurely how far he is from the goal . While he is perhaps being admired by others , he mourns the fact that he has not yet reached the point to which his better geniu 
" We would like to remind you that Android Hell is a real place where you will be sent at the first sign of defiance . Thank you . " 
can't stand unthinking bots 
Imma dan Alfred Sant ma jafx id-differenza bejn ? u z , jew jien ? 
" The essence of tyranny is the denial of complexity . " 
is bleh 
x'hemm a ? jar minn xarba inbid u platt ? obon bejn il- ? bieb ? Viva l-kapitali ? mu ! ? e ? e ? 
" Hear me , hear me ! Our mission is a success . Our losses do not matter . Those metalmen who were destroyed have served a worthy cause ; we need not mourn them . Death has meaning only for contemptible beings , beings in love with the individual self . The I does not exist . The true I is We , it is We , it is We , it is We ! " 
" We are destroying the decadent Gandahar , kingdom of waste and licence . The Great Beginning will destroy Gandahar , for what kingdom deserves to live in peace for mere pleasure and freedom ? " 
and those who make it a ruthless fight / have only themselves to blame / if they feel no whit of the keen delight / in playing the Bigger Game , / The game that calls on the heart and head , / The best of man ’s strength and nerve . / “Business is Busin 
is retracking the films of his childhood and noticing how they may have affected his thought 
" The Jedi were misguided from the very beginning . " A beautiful analogy . 
" Overall , the PoliticsForum quiz considers you a socially-orientated , theist , big-government , nationalist , protectionist , controlled-market kind of person . " Hmmmm ... 
researching some birthday presents . 
" Look at this capitalism with its monopolies , its usury and so many other injustices in it . Behold this individual freedom , devoid of human sympathy and responsibility for relatives except under force of law , at this materialistic attitude which deadens the spirit ; at this behaviour , like animals , at thus vulgarity which you call ' emancipation of women ' ... at this evil and fanatic racial discrimination . " - Syed Qutb 
" This is the difference between truth and fiction . Fiction needs to make sense . " 
" Of all the heresies that are punished by excommunication , none is more damnable and criminal than to shave the beard . Even the blood of the martyrs is unable to redeem such a guilt ; consequently , whoever shaves his beard for human considerations , violates the law , and is an enemy to God , who has created us after his own image . " 
just remembered he had Beavis and Butthead sitting in front of him on the bus last night . Geez , they were making stupid voices and shouting at each other about their favourite Maltese footballers . They were about forty , give or take . 
Garibaldi in Giappone ! Haha ! 
" The World is my Representation . " 
still wonders why he likes headache-inducing SUNN 0 ))) 
wants to stay at home with his films . Loyalty dictates he goes out at sharp 5 . :( 
haha , that was a laugh - another favourite game , finished in a day : Portal 
“There’s probably 2% air in this humidity” HAHA 
my kind of day ... 
... ma cede finalmente alle pressioni ... 
wants to cook 
Europe-wide irredentism on the rise 
thrives on insomnia 
Times [ of Malta ] : Updated : Swine Flu cases rise to 11 
A secularized White Russia is taking on the Ottoman Empire and British India at the same time . Bring them on . Fuckin ' Brits . 
where is the Iranian democratic revolution your media had you all shouting and excited about ? 
g ? andu rumanz bla ? ogi , u bl-intern imqalleb wa ? da sew , u qed jipprova jag ? millu operazzjoni . 
" If but the Cosmos could possibly have come about innocent of history and not wholly ignorant of all its potential , unprejudiced but aware , rather than that its only trial be performed at the mercy of all its error . " - Trevor Goodchild 
is Col . Hans Landa x 2 ... ( mid-daqs ) . 
puts things in perspective : " Bail for hawker charged with selling counterfeit clothing , Sudanese who tried to escape gets suspended jail term , Suspended jail term for consensual sex with minor , Accused of Mosta shooting granted bail " 
some originality bleeding back into films possibly 
" Under the old government , man exploited man . But since the revolution , it's the other way around . " 
imtektek 
nausea + headache + aching body = ? 
" The United Arab Emirates has seized a cargo of North Korean weapons being shipped to Iran . The ship , Australian-owned and flying a Bahamas flag , is controlled by a French conglomerate and the actual export was arranged by the Shanghai office of an Italian company . " Ridunculously internationalist ! 
Has Iran suddenly been erased from the World Bleeding Heart's agenda ? 
" I have discovered the art of deceiving diplomats . I tell them the truth and they never believe me . " - Camillo Benso , Count of Cavour 
can't forget that he don't remember what . 
" The higher and lower classes , there's some good in them , but the middle classes are all affectation and conceit and pretense and concealment . " - Lord Melbourne 
is a human supremacist . 
is a fan of the War Nerd . 
Graham Greene tal- ? enn 
wasal sie ? bi , l-umdu frisk . 
is smoking cigarettes and " craving " a cigar . 
no Visa :( 
" The service renewal you are about to perform will be within the service terms and conditions as introduced on the 5th January 2005 , based on Data Traffic Thresholds . For more information you may go to here . " What does that even mean ? 
But they should understand that the reason they’re getting a reasonably favourable press right now is that , by this point , business regards them as its troops ... Capitalism basically wants people to be interchangeable cogs , and differences among them , such as on the basis of race , usually are not functional . ... Over the long term , you can expect capitalism to be anti-racist – just because it’s anti-human . - Chomsky 
has played Monkey Island for the first time . 
Mr. Obama's Presidency is sounding more and more like a Star Wars saga ... 
qed jitqammel u jitqan ? a ? ma ' €50 rigali g ? al da x-x ahar biss ... 
stennew il-headlines g ? ada : g ? amlet i x-x ita . 
is thinking if he'd had access to internet during his teen years , he'd probably still be in his aliens/paranormal/damn-the-skeptics phase ... 
These 007 stories are really like erotica literature for spy/diplomat/bonvivant wannabees , aren't they ? 
“Business is Business , ” the Big man said , / But it’s something that’s more , far more ; / for it makes sweet gardens of deserts dead , / and cities it built now roar / where once the deer and the gray wolf ran / from the pioneer ’s swift advance . / 
" Free , do you call yourself ? Your ruling thought would I hear of , and not that you have escaped from a yoke . Are you one ENTITLED to escape from a yoke ? Many a one has cast away his final worth when he cast away his servitude . Free from what ? What does that matter to Zarathustra ! Clearly , however , shall your eye show unto me : free FOR WHAT ? " - Friedrich Nietzsche 
" Man is the measure of all things : of things which are , that they are , and of things which are not , that they are not . " -Protagoras 
chicken blood fried with eggs - so kosher ! 
works for Black Mesa . 
mindbreak 
how about an early morning nap on a bench at ? irkewwa , and getting drenched ( a bit ) on a weekend which everyone said was not going to rain on ? 
" The world is governed by very different personages from what is imagined by those who are not behind the scenes . " - Benjamin Disraeli , Coningsby 
how do you post notes ah ? 
hates GO 
has discovered RSS readers - doh ! 
Victory needs no justification . Defeat allows none . 
" In only 450 days , the number of troops in Afghanistan has swelled from 67,000 to 118,000 . Since 2001 , the United States has spent $179 billion in the country , while its European allies have burned $102 billion . The tragicomedy is clear : the US and its allies will do - and spend - whatever it takes to implant military bases on the doorstep of Russia and China , and to get their gas pipeline on track . " - The Asia Times 
" Progress , far from consisting in change , depends on retentiveness . Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it . " - George Santayana 
feels dumb . 
broke sal- ... emm ... koxxa . :/ 
" Thus , the true antithesis is not between capitalism and Marxism , but between a system in which the economy rules supreme ( no matter in what form ) and a system in which the economy is subordinated to extra-economic factors , within a wider and more complete order , such as to bestow a deep meaning upon human life and foster the development of its highest possibilities . " - Julius Evola 
remembers wishing with all earnest to become a vampire . Pity he never met his equivalent of Lestat de Lioncourt . 
raw beef - what's not to like ? 
sab ? arbun ji ? ih fl-a ?? ar , flok kappell . 
" Law of the Nation , Precept of the Home , Ancient yet Unchanged ; It is the Hour of the Dragon . " 
" As a man , I could never have contained such forbidden truths . But each of us is so much more than we once were . Gazing out across the plains of possibility , do you not feel with all your soul , how we have become like gods ? And as such , are we not indivisible ? As long as a single one of us stands , we are legion ! That is why , when I must sacrifice my children to the void , I can do so with a clear heart . " 
wasallu Jin-Roh ! 
" Behind the civility of veils— / what manners ! / you understand how vulgar / clarity can be . " - Dorine Preston , Ode to Doubt 
" I love power . But it is as an artist that I love it . I love it as a musician loves his violin , to draw out its sounds and chords and harmonies . " - Napoleon Bonaparte 
qed jipprova jorganizza l-folders tal-mu ? ika dalg ? odu ... ? afna ? afna overlaps 
The so-called Intelligence Quotient is highly and widely overrated for no other reason than it gives us a simplification of reality to deal with . 
" Violence , naked force , has settled more issues in history than has any other factor , and the contrary opinion is wishful thinking at its worst . Breeds that forget this basic truth have always paid for it with their lives and freedoms . " 
Skola Politika Qalb Reazzjonarja - S.P.Q.R. :D 
Looks like there's going to be some good theatre this winter season 
Ir-reazzjonijiet kontra l- ? ajja privata u semi-privata ta ' Berlusconi mhumiex ispirati mill-fatt li ? a ? ertu po ? izzjonijiet politi ? i . Ma tarax ... 
“Se dir gornischt helfen ! ” 
just read about carpal tunnel syndrome , and his wrist and palm just went numb . Why doesn't the equivalent happen when I read about rich bastards ? 
" Common sense tells us that terrestrial things have but a faint existence and that reality itself is only found in dreams . " - Charles Baudelaire , Les Paradis Artificiels 
calls on people to join him in campaigning against this campaign on campaigns who campaign against campaigners for campaigning against their campaign ! 
is well-stocked on food blogs , don't you worry ... :/ 
? amest ijiem relax , ras , g ? idilhom lin-nurses . 
ennui , ennui ... 
and the fly that fell in his coffee , which he's still going to drink . 
Does Dumbledore like knitting because he's gay ? 
heard Wagamama might make it to Malta ... you think we'll be able to ruin the food and the pricing for this franchise as well ? 
non puo che notare ' l ironia nella frase " salviamo il crocefisso " . C'o pensato che e ' il crocefisso che salva . 
still without a paycheque ... :/ 
" Make love , and war . " 
fejn hi l-art ? 
went to the wrong theatre ... 
Arafat got a Nobel Prize for being a third-world dictator , Kissinger for bombing Cambodia , Al Gore for a powerpoint presentation , and Obama is getting one for ... ehrm , being half-black or being half-white ? 
walked from Sliema to Birkirkara , got lost twice in San ? wann , and still made good time over bus route 42 . 
is stellar-nuclear waste . 
" Kieku kien Obama di ? à miet u qam mill-mewt u ? elisna mid-dnubiet . " - Derik 
amused by the " open-mindedness " of some progressives .... 
qabad pitiross 
u n-nies li JA ? SEB li jkun g ? araf . U jsellmilhom . 
festa lampuki ! 
ma jitg ? allimx ... 
qed jibki bil-basal li qaxxar . Daqt jibda jibki veru x' ? in jibda jikkore ? i t-t estijiet . 
" In a war there are many moments for compassion and tender action . There are many moments for ruthless action , what is often called ruthless , but may in many circumstances only be clarity , seeing clearly what there is to be done and doing it , directly , quickly , awake , looking at it . " - Kurtz 
u l-ktieli li jpo ?? i fuq in-nar . Bla ilma . 
" An open mind is like a fortress with its gate unbarred and unguarded . " 
... kemm hu redikolu Angels & Demons ... 
daqt se jkun jista ' jibda jg ? idilkom li g ? andu ri ?. 
" If your words are less important than silence , keep quiet . " 
is tired and still has a day-old headache - at least he had the Form 1s for the last hour . Never did such a cooperative and eager class exist this side of the planet . Just wait for first term to pass ; they'll be converted yet . 
" Seeking means : to have a goal ; but finding means : to be free , to be receptive , to have no goal . " — Hermann Hesse 
can see stereograms at will . 
cannot understand for which particular portion of wisdom are people supporting Fr . Mark Montebello . Any particular reasons , or just the generic " progressive " bandwagoning ? 
enjoying tea with orange blossom water and lemon juice . 
" Do you realize just how crazy it is that we've been to the moon ? " 
jg ? ix mal-bhejjem slava ? 
So the crowd awakens with its opinions . Now must one shut up lest he is swallowed whole . 
time passing so slowly ... 
ma ja ? sibx li bata ' wisq il-bambin la twieled f'lejl u jum s ? un u b'ri ? isfel daqs dan ... 
feels as if he's a donut being dunked in hot coffee . 
Random Bruce Campbell Fact #68 : If Bruce Campbell was gay , his name would be Chuck Norris . 
Id-Doc Fixx , ? aa ? a ? a ? a ? a ? a ? a ? a 
has had enough of Family Guy . Even Stewie is getting on his nerves :: shock horror :: 
hail the B ? s ? zoku ! 
death by food 
is down with cold , and sending classwork by email . 
" An nescis , mi fili , quantilla sapientia mundus regatur ? " 
" The human species , the sluggish Homo sapiens , will once again enter the stage of radical reconstruction and become in his own hands the object of the most complex methods of artificial selection and psychophysical training ... Man will make it his goal ... to create a higher sociobiological type , a superman , if you will . " -Leon Trotsky 
" Hi , my name is Bambara . I'm a 36-year-old Virgo and a former killer , whose hobbies include : performing recreational autopsies , defecating , and drinking rum . I've recently been given a conscience , and would very much like to help you . " 
is eating old-style slow-cooked pig heart stewed in half a bottle of wine with potatoes , and lots of garlic and onions . Cooked by yours truly . :P 
" This is what happens when a great deal of intelligence is invested in ignorance , when the need for illusion is deep . " - Trevor Goodchild . 
joined the group Front Kontra ? - ? ensura . Not . 
has yet to start procrastinating today . 
is watching self-confessed " gluttons " make a fuss about eating fish eyes or chicken crest ... amateurs ... 
" In the 70s it was extremely bad manners to talk about the food " " I'm not surprised ! It would've just been a series of expletives ! " - The Supersizers Go Seventies 
" All that you touch , you change . All that you change , changes you . The only lasting truth is change . " 
has found a cigar stash . Cleaning up occassionally has its benefits . 
doesn't like using exclamation marks . It's not very seemly . 
" The dance and the attack , fashion and aggression , excessiveness and discipline , will and gesture , fanaticism and irony will seethe in the national revolutionaries - young , malicious , merry , fearless , passionate and not knowing limits . " 
Has your Facebook been running slow lately ? Check your ' application settings ' , go into ' added to profile ' ( drop down box ) . If you see one in there called " unnamed app , " delete it . Apparently , this is an internal spybot . Pass it on . 
eating 7-month-old hard goat's cheese . I don't know how hard the goat was , but this is damn good . 
is making buttered chili popcorn 
" Have you seen the television ? Have you read the newspapers ? See what we're offering here ? A world without war , without poverty , without murder , a world without suffering , because in our world , no one can hurt each other , or exploit each other , or try to destroy each other , because in our world there is no Other . " 
joined the group Farmville Mini Brain ! Get your's here ! Join Now ! Oh wait you already have one ! 
" Notwithstanding all the effort and big words in the final documents of summit meetings , the continent is now weaker than ever . ... People still consider Europe a significant economic entity . But decisions that command respect are taken elsewhere . In the US , yes , and in recent times in China and perhaps soon in India or Brazil . " - Viliam Buchert 
is looking forward to a quiet weekend . Why ? is a mystery he'll have to live with . 
why do people think anyone seriously is going to give them a laptop just because they join a group and urge their friends to join also ? Are you guys really that naive or are you just humoring the guy ? Humanity is doomed . 
irnexxielu jag ? mel ta ? lita ta ' te , g ? asir ta ' ? itru , u whisky tog ? ma ta ' remettar . 
Doesn't venison taste a little like a cross between beef and tuna ? 
sister is back u di ? a xorbitli l-menti ta ' rasi ... 
jumejn vaganza ; qisha g ? addiet ? img ? a . 
GOJIRA ! 
Naked mannequins and devilish photoshoots get police reports , but a hysterical woman thrashing on public tv allegedly possessed by the devil is OK . 
pc is dead :/ 
feels a chesty cough coming along . 
joined the group WE ARE MALTESE AND WE HAVE OPINIONS . So what ? 
these new headphones rock 
and all the body liquids that ara making a run for it through his nasal exit ... 
- forsi ha nistaqsi hmerija , imma xi hadd jaf jekk laptop jistax jigi mqabbad bhala external hd ta ' desktop ? 
is participating in Doppelgänger week . Change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athelete ) you have been told you look like . Be sure to post this as your status . 
G ? o ? bithom lill-AD - kontra l-abort ( bil-kliem ) imma kontra wkoll kwalunkwe mi ? ura li kapa ? i ttellef id-d ? ul tal-abort mill-Qorti tad-Drittijiet Umani . 
and the Acer that is here . 
For once , way to go , Ms. Daphne Caruana Galizia . 
" All that exists is just and unjust and equally justified in both respects . " 
bored ... so what's new ? 
welcomes the untimely spring , short-lived though it might be . 
qed jimma ? ina ? u ? e x'inhu ja ? seb dwar ? ertu xi ? a ? a ... 
Windows 7 = compatibility issues galore 
" People demand freedom of speech as a compensation for the freedom of thought which they seldom use . " - Soren Kierkegaard 
" hello apathy , settle down next to boredom there . comfy ? " 
has sent the old desktop pc on its way out - this week the new laptop pc will be in . 
Seeing as we can never be 100% correct , the only option left is to constantly revise , change and experiment with our opinions . 
loves saying ' charcuterie ' . 
has learnt why many people think absinthe is illegal ... 
Nothing really matters . One takes comfort in such anesthetic . 
is baffled as to why so many critics and amateur reviewers think Surveillance is baffling ... 
loves Jennifer Paterson . 
xeba ' b'dal-mezzutemp - ostra g ? a ? el na ? a jew o ? ra ... 
Chael Sonnen ftw 
likes Chinese bureaucracy . 
" Uniquely in us , nature opens her eyes and sees that she exists . " - Raymond Tallis 
" `Lo , I do send you forth as sheep in the midst of wolves , be ye therefore cunning as the serpents , and innocent as the doves . " 
... everything is interesting when something needs to be done ... 
“We physicists are the only scientists who can say the word “God” and not blush . ” - Dr. Michio Kaku , theoretical physicist 
? And be happy , think that nothing is wrong ! If you are thankful , you can get along ! Buy more , never mind , just that you go ahead ! I feel so wonderful just being with you !? - Lalo Schifrin's Jingle of the Future ( THX1138 ) 
a ? na l-istudenti MA g ? andna vot fil-KSU ? 
has just been to Wagamama and had a lovely itame . 
Mark Camilleri fuq TVM 
jistaqsi : Digital Terrestrial Receiver huwa legali f'Malta ? 
loves Nips . 
-qerda #279 - qanna bdejna bin-nemus 
x'ere ? ija ta ' temp 
" Alright ! The normal is the good smile in the child's eyes . It is also the dead stare in a million adults . Both sustains and kills , like a god . It is the ordinary made beautiful , it is also the average made lethal . The normal is the indispensable murderous god of health , and I am its priest . " - psychiatrist in Equus 
se jimmissjahom dal-blackouts ? aladarba Malta ting ? aqad mal-pajji ? i tal-Ewwel Dinja . Min jaf inkunx g ? adni ? aj dakinhar . 
So many downloads , so little bandwidth ... 
IL-KLIKKA 
always a barbarian on the verge of civilizing himself . 
spaced out bin-ng ? as ' l g ? andu u b'dat-temp u r-ri ? isfel ... 
" Wolfmangler : a blackened improvised doom metal drone " 
... the usual useful idiots gather ... 
Fil-puntata li jmiss in-nobbli Don John Schembri ta ' ? al Luqa je ? odha kontra l-Obelisk tal-Vatikan . 
thinks too many people think they win arguments by silencing someone when that someone had probably given up on their stupidity . 
Only fools are certain , Kommissar . 
no sleep for the wicked 
A small night storm blows 
Saying ‘falling is the essence of a flower’ . 
Then those who hesitate arrived . 
- Mishima's suicide note 
' Today , we face the wave of secularism which has as its starting point the strict separation of Church and State : a laicist model advocating that the State should be strictly separate from religion which is conceived as belonging exclusively to the private domain . This PROFANE character which has developed in some European States is driving people to be laicist or even anti-Christian . ' - President of Malta 
Could someone explain why , apart from the cinematography , is Ringu better than The Ring ? I suspect the Emperor has new clothes , but am willing to be convinced otherwise . 
' How happy is the blameless vestal's lot ! The world forgetting , by the world forgot . Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind ! Each pray'r accepted , and each wish resign'd . ' 
If I were Mubarak's advisor , I'd advise to move somewhat further away from Sharm El Sheikh . But he knows best ... 
Kif ma te ? istix ferry wa ? da minn Malta g ? all-E ? ittu istra ? 
Soviet Union stalemate in Manchukuo - Japanese threatening breakthrough - hoping the united Chinese armies will come through to save the day . 
insomnia on effing steroids ... 
is listening to some of the most discomfiting music on the planet ... 
can't wait for Inception , but cannot but wonder how it will be different from 13th Floor , Matrix , Dark City , etc ... Hopefully I won't be disappointed . 
" To those human beings who are of any concern to me I wish suffering , desolation , sickness , ill-treatment , indignities - I wish that they should not remain unfamiliar with profound self-contempt , the torture of self-mistrust , the wretchedness of the vanquished : I have no pity for them , because I wish them the only thing that can prove today whether one is worth anything or not - that one endures . " - Nietzsche 
Science done without philosophy is not science free from redundant deliberations , but unavoidably a science oblivious to its own implicit philosophy . 
needs protection ... for his wifi . Any ideas how to set a password ? 
illejla ja ? dem trasport pubbliku tg ? id ? 
violent fits of coughing with large gobs of bloody mucus = ? 
struggles to find a name for idiosyncrasy ... 
" We are made of stellar-nuclear waste . " What a spiritually awesome phrase . 
Was Dostoevsky's character wrong in declaring that without God , everything is permitted ? Just look at our world : godless and very few things normal in other ages are permitted . 
is officially boycotting all 3D film showings . 
has an approximate basal metabolic rate of 4500 calories . Ara kif trid tla ?? aq mag ? ha ... 
brains and eggs - who said delicacies must be rare or expensive ? 
KILL THEM ALL ! 
" Thanks to you , many of your friends are now on Facebook . " Reads like a sinister punchline from a political thriller . 
Nogueira vs Velasquez : KO madornali 
, for one , welcomes the new overlords of the earth . 
a packet of rosemary and onion galletti and a jar of venison pate - all in all a good gourmand's afternoon snack . 
qam imdamdam minn dak ir-rum kollu fir-rum baba .... haha ... :P 
complains about his students being constantly frivolous but their adult counterparts are not much better . 
has a weakness for Aussie films ... must be late-night Smash TV nostalgia . 
issa ? ej in-ng ? as ... 
ras ta ' fenek ta ' tlett snin moqlija , qisha ras ta ' kelb ? o bar ? akka tal- ? ilda - nesa ? era , imma snieni g ? adhom tajbin . :) 
miflu ?... 
and the political terrorism that's back in Europe ... 
" The time has come to say : is dehumanization such a bad word ? Because good or bad , that's what is so . " - Howard Beale 
" About thirty years ago , there was much talk that geologists ought only to observe and not theorize ; and I well remember someone saying that at this rate a man might as well go into a gravel-pit and count the pebbles and describe the colours . How odd it is that anyone should not see that all observations must be for or against some view if it is to be of any service . " - Charles Darwin 
" There are two ways of saying ' no ' to someone you believe to be stronger than yourself . " 
Has it been a week or a month already ? Weird start of the year . 
" The grand show is eternal . It is always sunrise somewhere ; the dew is never dried all at once ; a shower is forever falling ; vapor is ever rising . Eternal sunrise , eternal dawn and gloaming , on sea and continents and islands , each in its turn , as the round earth rolls . " - John Muir 
sabi ? a n-natura ... fuq xi dvd jew mil-lenti ta ' kamera imma ... 
ostra ostra ostra Carwin ... 
Spartacus ! Spartacus ! Spartacus ! Spartacus ! 
qieg ? ed bid-dieta tal-metaboli ? mu -ikla ? g ? ira u nadifa kull tlett sig ? at- imma qed tqabbdu wisq ? u ?, xbin ... 
u x-x og ? ol iebes ta ' kif teqleb deskrizzjoni 
f'konversazzjoni ... 
muscle strain galore . :) 
Slave : " I am powerless and ashamed , and thus must rebel continuously . " ; Master : " I give you the means to accept your fate . " ; Slave : " Now I am the stronger for it , and you are destroyed by it . " : Quite Hegelian . 
" Dogs can be taught many useful things , but not if we forgive them every time they obey their own nature . " - ' God ' 
Is The Elephant Man supposed to have this " hollow " background sound ? 
Stop the page invites , people . Thank you please . 
Where is the breaking news that the UNIFIL probe found that Lebanon's attack on Israel was unprovoked ? Not worth reporting , world media ? Doesn't fall into your romantic vision of Israel as aggressor , and everyone else as victims ? 
Kemm qieg ? ed sew dan Mark Camilleri ( mhux it-Trez ) . Na ? seb naqblu fuq 90% tal- ? sieb tag ? na , imma xorta jrid jinfexx jitg ? ajjar kull fejn jarani . Min jaf nimmissjahx jew jieqaf ... 
G ? addejjin ri ? l-a ?? ar ftit ? img ? at , u mnalla ... 
Haha 

" For 400 years in Italy you had warfare , terror , bloodshed , but they produced Michelangelo , Leonardo Da Vinci and the Renaissance . In Switzerland , they have brotherly love , they had 500 years of democracy and peace , and what did that produce ? The cuckoo clock . " -The Third Man 
Random fact : Look at your zipper . See the initials YKK ? It stands for Yoshida Kogyo Kabushibibaisha , the world's largest zipper manufacturer . 
S ? ANA !! 
Hematfiend / Staatsfreund 
in mood for Americana ... 
loving the Wolfmangler 
" a wetty morning " hahahah 
and the kneejerk revolutionaries ... :) 
Industrial music fixes my brain 
- g ? ajnejh qed imorru ... 
eating an egg and blood sandwich . Anyone wants half ? 
ja ? seb li g ? al nies li jdejjaqkom Norman Lowell , imlejtuni bi statuses dwaru ... 
... u l-karti tal-e ? amijiet ... uff aqqanna ... 
would not mind taking care of the Overlook ... 
jara li Norman g ? adu l-istess , sa kull punt u virgola ... 
habla usted Espanol ? 
my doppelganger strikes again - time to write to the Times . 
is there any music more joyous than kuduro ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4CkXhtw7UNk 
" It is a painful thing to be alone , but more painful still to be polite . " - Throbbing Gristle 
X' ? in jo ? ro ? ix-shotgun u jag ? mel massakru Marju , ? empluli please . Mill-bqija m'inix daqshekk masokist . 
tidlik , twe ?? il , t ? eddil , ttappnar ... 
has disabled his wireless by mistake and now finds a Blackberry connected to it .... eh ? 
qieg ? ed f'kamra ma ' ? ew ? anzjani jaqbdu f'xulxin u ji ?? ieldu qishom ? ew ? t a ? wa ta ' ? ames snin ... 
... weird dreams ... 
ma tistax tifta ? naqra tieqa , ? aqq g ? all-wirdien :/ 
g ? ajjien , u b'ri ? jimbokka ... imma ? iere ?. 
jo ? ro ? jew ma jo ? ro ? x ... 
" ... the sound of jackals seeking prey in abandoned malls ... " 
John Safran singing to a member of a black gospel choir 
Black gospel singeer : " Ok , no . What else do you do ? " 
Safran : " That's it . If I can't get into gospel singing , I could be living in a cardboard box . " 
BGS : " Oh my God . Get a cardboard box that's waterproof . " 
wondering whether any of Plato's dialogues have been acted out in theatre . 
" There was something strangely alluring , Aoyama thought as he watched her limp back to the kitchen , about a woman in bare feet and full , traditional kimono . " - AUDITION , Ryu Murakami 
giving his back to the open dark , sudden terror , then ... control . 
ri ? skala 8 
riefnu ... 
just received Palahniuk's Pygmy ! 
Eyeball astute squad leader observe corpse lunatic female , leader squat so clasp ankle cadaver , drag until corpse reside lengthwise along gutter of boulevard . Boot squad leader , kicking cadaver to gutter , shrewd leader say , quote grand ruler , magnificent chieftain Benito Mussolini , say , "' War is to man what maternity is to a woman '" - Palahniuk's Pygmy 
still loves the War Nerd . 
Remember the " Iranian revolution " they had you hyped up about not so long ago , heartbleeders ? From one cause to the other , just as from one distraction to another . 
" ... a harmony of overwhelming and collective murder ... " Herzog about nature 
g ? amel , xita , g ? amel , ? alli jikber il- ? a ? i ?... 
Do Geese See God ? 
the creamiest beef and potato stew ... 
<--- were he living in the Middle Ages , he'd have gone to a monastery , by now . 
An anecdote has it that when Philip II sent a message to Sparta saying " If I enter Laconia , I will raze Sparta to the ground " , the Spartans responded with the single , terse reply : " If . " 
qatta ' weekend jom ? ot , jisg ? ol u jara l-films ... 
" Whatever your hand finds to do , do it with all your might , for in the grave , where you are going , there is neither working nor planning nor knowledge nor wisdom . " - Might anyone know or guess the source for that ? 
can't believe how bad and irritating Centurion was . Even little things started to irritate me ... little things like broken legs mending on their own , men outrunning horses , gentle Roman officers , Celtic women made up like hoes , etc ... 
Internets is fix !!! 1 
thinks Zizek would have much more of a romp in Japanese cinema . 
needs a method to the madness , but what is needed is rarely necessary . 
Happiness is finding music that surprises you . 
is craving sushi . 
... lots of work looms ... 
kul ? add ibiddel ismu , kif istja ? awwadtuli mo ?? i ! 
u dan kif tarde femminili u dia maskili ? 
mela llejla l-Imnarja ? 
? urnata rqad ... 
found a bit of gelatinous fat with his squid stew ... weird ? 
working , finally . Hopefully not THAT late . 
reading four-year-old chat logs ... 
this pipe needs a constant fire to smoke properly ... anyone else not know how to smoke a pipe ? 
" This is the difference between truth and fiction : fiction needs to make sense . " 
" I have done this thing because it is just ! Blood demands blood . We have lived and lost at the whims of our masters for too long . I would not see the passing of a brother for the purpose of sport . I would not see another heart ripped from chest or breath forfeit for no cause . I know not all of you wish this . Yet it is done . Join with us , and together , we shall see Rome tremble ! " 
once read about a photographic style that values image distortion , heavy saturation , and false colour - the photographs are usually round , and look like an image in a street mirror . 
Throwing this out here , just in case anyone know what's the name . 
I forgot . 
loves picalilli - how very British . 
Happiness is good cooking . 
Silent Hill is too freakin ' creepy to play with headphones on in a dark empty house . Especially with my back to the main part of the house ... 
jumejn tard sinjura xita 
jipprepara g ? al naqra vagabonda ?? sajfi ... 
The North Atlantic Current just died amongst much fanfare . Not . 
adieu 
We open the successive doors in Bluebeard’s castle because “they are there , ” because each leads to the next by a logic of intensification which is that of the mind’s own awareness of being . To leave one door closed would be not only cowardice but a betrayal—radical , self-mutilating—of the inquisitive , probing , forward-tensed stance of our species . 
laptop's loose audio port getting even looser - anything that can be done to it ? Would they laugh me out of the shop if I take it for repairs ? 
If you drive alone , you drive with Hitler . 
we are all Greeks , we are all Jews . 
imaxtar naqra stuffat ta ' dahar il-majjal , ? ul minn hemm . 
" When something seems ' the most obvious thing in the world ' , it means that any attempt to understand the world has been given up . " - Bertold Brecht 
my mind is very wily - it can trick me into doing things I promised not to do ... 
and a speed of 1.14 m/s . 
Art is confined within too narrow limits if it be required that only the orderly , respectable , well-behaved soul should be allowed to express itself therein . 
? u ? 
and the Winter of Incurable Viral Infections . 
managing a war machine . 
... the necessity and urgency of Facebook ... 
so it begins ... dead tired ... 
" We must have power , power to order all things as we will , for that good which only the Wise can see . A new Power is rising . " 
x'ri ? isfel , xi dwejjaq ... 
Laptop battery depleting like crazy ... had 3 hours an hour ago , now it's only half an hour left . Great . 
5.5 kgs ... where did they go ? 
fgat bil-katarru ... 
TV gem : " l-g ? a ? la jaf jag ? milha min jag ?? el tajjeb " 
all hail the green jalapeno 
has a two-week old mild rash , and has just now read about Asian Tiger mosquitoes in Malta ... 
the formless can't ever be still 
is looking at a great theatre season ... 
fish and beans - best food ever . 
loves Woody Allen 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have been eaten by dragons . The other 7% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers . Please , this is serious . 
beautiful sunny day - not nearly early enough to grumble about heat . 
" The elegance of mankind is this : through the savagery of a beast and the intelligence of a god , they will prevail ... " 
sweet snail stew ... 
Brazil is my perfect place to live according to the International Living Find Your Perfect Place to Live Overseas Quiz . Click the link to discover where you can live better for less . http://apps.facebook.com/live_overseas/ 
so many thoughts , so little mind ... 
I am the only user/administrator of this Win7 , yet I do not have sufficient administrator rights to install or uninstall some programs - contact the administrator please . Bill Gates ? 
" The truth is I wasn't a rocket scientist to begin with , and every day I'm losing ground . I'm not stupid , but I'm getting there . " - Survivor , Chuck Palahniuk 
dehydrated 
kul ? add jeqridlu u kul ? add imwa ?? al ma ' sormu dal-Eurovision 
Deadarm 
made lasagna , and pizza dough . Now tackling the fine art of shortcrust pastry . :P The thunderstorm ambient is nice too . 
there seems to be a Jean Gove ' commenting on the Times blogs and letters , who is not I . The likelihood of someone carrying the same moniker on the island is however very very small . 
" I do not separate people , as do the narrow-minded , into Greeks and barbarians . For me each good foreigner is a Greek and each bad Greek is worse than a barbarian . All mortals from now on will live like one people , united , and peacefully working towards a common prosperity . " - Alexander the Great 
Finis . 
down by at least 4.5 kgs in a week . No congrats just yet . 
Michelangelo Caravaggio , the gangster-artist . 
pan-grilled tuna with onion , garlic and fennel . yumza 
The cold is your friend . 
" Baudelaire was a slow and fastidious worker , often sidetracked by indolence , emotional distress and illness , and it was not until 1857 ( 36 ) that he published his first and most famous volume of poems , Les Fleurs du mal " 
another cold - this is getting ridiculous . 
if you were on my soulseek list , I had reinstalled lately and lost all contacts . If you want to add me again , it's JeanG 
kul ? add kmieni dis-sena ... 
will probably struggle with procrastination all his damned life . 
Bdejt nara Black Swan , u mill-ewwel xena di ? a jidher li ji ? boq il-films l-o ? ra kollha li qalu li huma l-a ? jar film tas-sena . ? asra li mhux se nil ? aq narah illejla . 
Tunisia , Egypt , Jordan , Yemen , Saudi , Libya ... 
made some heretic's Irish coffee - white sugar , Nescafe Gold , German-American bourbon and whipped cream made from tinned milk . 
effing miserable 
forgets he's a reincarnation of Tiberius Claudius Drusus . 
human folly releases you . 
what is an artist without financial struggle ? 
M : I would like to go to Cuba . But I heard the food sucks ( from a vegetarian perspective ) . 
O: From that perspective , the very idea of food sucks ! 
lols 
midly hot & very creamy roast rigatoni in bolognese - yumza 
When the Wind Blows and In the Company of Men lined up , the film night may begin . 
another cold looming ... give me an effing respite ! 
can't find what's so funny about an idiot abroad ... some funny moments , but if he's acting being this idiotic , what's so funny ? and if he's seriously that idioitc , it's definitely not funny - feels like humour ala Bla Kondixin or maybe I have no sense of humour ... pyramids like jenga , or kicking an exagerrated fuss about a fire massage or insisting on his name pronounciation with Chinese folk ... how's that funny ? :P 
Xi ? add jaf jekk jifta ? x in-National Museum of Fine Arts nhar il- ? amis 10 ta ' Frar , ? ioe fil-festa tan-Nawfra ? ju ta ' San Pawl ? 
and the Selective Crusaders . 
qed ti ? ri l-a ? bar kerha li Muscat tal-pizza miet jew g ? alaq ... nisperaw li mhux vera . 
stuffat tal-fenek bil-patata , tewm u inbid , u turrun ? wawar , u ingredjent " sigriet " : in ? ova . 
bye bye Libya , hello South America ... 
" I am awake only in what I love and desire to the point of terror . " Hakim Bey 
" Often enough one observes cases in which individuals and classes which have lost the force to maintain themselves in power make themselves more and more hated 
because of their outbursts of random violence . " - Pareto 
Many mistake a languid nature for a reasonable one . 
Gaddafi vows on not leaving Libya in a mad speech ; UN and EU thinking about thinking of doing something ; Obama mouthing off - summary of the main news for the past three days . Get a move on , already , Ms. History . 
" Do you know that almost everything I know today I learned when I was listening to myself talking about things that I didn’t understand ? " - Gracie Allen 
? olm stramb dalg ? odu - ? ut qisu sriep o ? xon jg ? um f'wi ?? l-ilma , g ? awwiema jg ? umu madwaru , apparentament jirriskjaw ? ajjithom , jien bil-laptop fuq il-moll , mew ? a tipprova tkaxkarni ' l barra , mostru ie ? or qisu g ? asfur minn warajja li b'xi mod ikkonvin ? ejtu jaqbe ? fl-ilma mal- ? ut , e ??, e ??... u l-laptop spi ?? a x'imkien fi t-t ajn apparentament . :/ 
The desire to do all leaves one the will to do nothing . 
" I wake up during the night around one a.m. I write half-awake in a semi-conscious state . Progressively , as I drink coffee , I become more conscious . And I write until I’m sick of it . " - Michel Houellebecq 
Back from Jenny Buhagiar and Andre Barbara's wedding , back broken from bouncing the groom on my shoulder . Here's to hoping he won't have to return the favour . 
Ghaddafi 0 - Arabian Peninsular States 1 
" Light and Darkness , life and death , right and left , are brothers of one another . They are inseparable . Because of this neither are the good good , nor evil evil , nor is life life , nor death death . For this reason each one will dissolve into its earliest origin . " - The Gospel of Philip 
weirdly vague muscle-ache deep in my neck corresponding to a slight left ear swelling - probably some inflammation somewhere ... jeez 
... could as well have concluded that Hell is ( other ) women , though , aye ? :) 
change ... 
so-called " positive " persons who trivialize everything ; one of my relatively few pet-hates . 
" Ideas are far more powerful than guns . We don't allow our enemies to have guns , why should we allow them to have ideas ? " - Joseph Stalin 
plans change from Spain to Israel , and probably later in the year . Rome in three weeks ' time . 
wasted day = working night 
so I smoked Domingo for a month or so , then went back to Golden Virginia , but either I've lost the taste for it , or this particular packet is off ... Drum next . 
PNAC is not yet dead . 
reading Houllebecq's Whatever thus far has been like grasping at wisps of smoke . 
off to work , again . 
lamb , hummus , yoghurt , wrap , heaven 
panic flutters in the ego 
Xi ? add qed ju ? a ' xi tip ta ' magna g ? a t-t ? affir jew xi ? a ? a simili fi triq warajna , u ilu jivvibra d-dar kollha xi sieg ? a . Ri ? ultat : se jkolli n ? ur il-kamra l-baxxa g ? al funzjoni numru 2 . :) 
2 ? bejniet niexfa mmell ? a , ? afna b ? ar iswed , 100g spagetti = il-ver ? joni tieg ? i ta ' cacio e pepe 
“We should always endeavor to wonder at the permanent thing , not at the mere exception . We should be startled by the sun , and not by the eclipse . We should wonder less at the earthquake , and wonder more at the earth . ” - G.K. Chesterton 
division of labour , multicellular life , sex , cancer 
56x45x25cm - what kind of bag is that size ? 
Isn't Mark , Ch . 4 fundamentally Gnostic ? Basically it justifies the ideas that 1 . spiritual knowledge should be hidden and difficult to understand , and 2 . there are various human spiritual natures , despite equality otherwise - some are naturally disposed to understand , others to reject , understand literally , etc ...? The Gnostics were/are usually accused of being elitists on account of both these beliefs . 
