Goin to Africa !! Cya on the other side ! 
I just had my first cavity ever taken care of . Not that bad . Luckily it was barely even a cavity 
Gotta get ready for my two week trip to South africa tomorrow !!!! 
I love Rich Hodge more than Karen .... I love Dancing with Africans in the rain ... ad I'm gay :)))) 
Had a great day today in Africa !!! saw the wealth and the poverty . Met Afrikaans and met Africans . Ha look it up if you don't know ... 
is pooping 
freakin tired from water skiing 
made the ewu deans list 
sore 
im not sick anymore !!! 
goin to work :( 
waitin for challah bread dough to rise 
got karyn a great birthday present !!! 
I love karyn ha thats what's on my mind ... and i miss her 
bored 
is stretching after the long drive home 
my lips are burning !!! but man what a great meal !!! 
mead needs a QB . Enter Wetzel 
had an terrible stomach ache all day .. flight is tomorrow . hope i get better . also hope i havent picked up any african parasites or some kind of sickness .... 
I dreamed about chocolate all of last night . idk why 
Because Michael Jackson was 99% plastic they've decided to melt him down and make legos out of him so the the kids can play with him for a change .. 
worked almost 8 hours yesterday 
bout to make a mexican dinner !!! 
spent yesterday hanging with orphans . got pics but have to wait to get home to post . goin to do more today then we're gonna go for a night safari tonight I believe 
finished bioshock ! 
ugh . classes start tomorrow 
doesn't wanna go to school or work 
Making a peach pie and a rasberry peach pie today !!! 
just ordered my school textbooks !!! 
wants to see the paranormal activity movie 
great game !! hawks dominated !!! 
freaking pumped to go see the hawks vs . jags game tomorrow !!! 
gonna go get beatles rock band today !!! 
is hanging out with karyn and her parents !!! 
Got a ticket for going 45 in a 40 today coming off the freeway on a ramp . Fmylife 
my sister Natalie is quite amazing ... 
on the bus to school 
has a full blown head cold ... 
Just watched the official iron man 2 trailor !!! IT LOOKS AMAZING !!! 
Okay so great freakin news !!! I got a 3.6 in my microeconomics class . 3.5 in English 201 . And a 3.4 in my music class !!! That brings my GPA to 3.211 !!! I havent had a GPA like that since my freshman year of High school !!!!! 
karyn leaves today 
loves my doggy rueben soooooo much !!!! 
safe in south africa . freaking tired though 
put the christmas lights up today !! 
okay so now , according to leading climatologists , we need to be prepared for 30 years of global cooling , a mini ice age , what a joke ... I hope people are starting to get it 
is just chilling out , maxing , relaxing all cool 
finally spent some time with karyn today !!!!! 
Faith is to believe what you do not see ; the reward of this faith is to see what you believe . -Augustine 
Tigers love pepper they hate cinnamon 
skipping school ! 
I think i'm gonna get tickets to Need to breathe in may at the knitting factory 
just finished getting dinner ready for the boys . bbq baked chicken and rice 
writing a 5 page paper a day before its due 
One more final left !!! 
Just watched part one of the pacific . It was pretty good . not band of brothers good but what is ? 
the brats are gone !!! 
Set me as a seal upon thy heart , as a seal uponthine arm , for love is as strong as death . Solomon 8:6 
I just lived out one of the nightmares i've had involving school . worst day ever . :( 
The roads are terrible out there !!! I only saw snow plows once tonight !!! 
now i have to study for my finance test in the morning 
Studying for finals is never fun 
is there anything more stressful than finals week ?????????????? 
Happy St. Patrick's Day !! 
Ugh got my grades 
If my first day of classes are any indication then this quarter will be a cakewalk compared to my last one 
blah blah blah 
Going to seattle !!! GO seahawks !!!!! 
I did great in all of my classes ! 
its way too cold today 
i hate sarah palin !! 
is a bug 
the average low income adult spends $35 a month on lottery tickets for which they will never win anything . If that same adult took that same amount of money and reinvested it at the same rate in an average mutual fund it would be worth more than a million dollars by the time they are 70 . so you tell me . Is it America or your own decisions that keep you down ??? 
I miss Spencer 
my french economics teacher sucks 
st to let everyone know : my dad went into the hospital this morning to get his broken cheek look at by a specialist . turned out he needed surgery and at ten went in to have the bone removed and a plate put in . that's all I know 
one more step towards european socialism for America 
However , as it is written : " No eye has seen , no ear has heard , no mind has conceived what God has prepared for those who love him " 1st Corinthians 2:9 
Evil is powerless if the good are unafraid -Ronal Reagan 
Thanks everyone !!! it was a good Birthday ! 
Pumped !!! 2:10 min until i see iron man !!!! 
Me and Zach are going to needtobreathe tonight ! 
Worth EVERY PENNY !!!! 
On my mom's iPad ! 
I'm done with my second year of college ! 
Just one day away from driving over to see the seahawks open against the 49ers !!!!!!! 
Me and karyn had a great time at her cousins wedding yesterday ! 
Didier vs Rossi .... its a tough choice 
Ive lost about 28lbs since january ! 
Thank you Veterans ! 
didn't realize nobody was coming home tonight ... 
Maybe next year the jets won't talk so much about the SB before they even get there ... 
First day of school ....... so not ready 
Finance or business minor ....... 
i have to go drive for 6+ hours in this today 
a great day at quest field !!!! 
Obama celebrated Ramadan in the white house but would not allow the white house to participate in the national day of prayer ......... so seperation of western religion and state ? 
Be safe on the roads today everybody !! 
GOIN TO SCARYWOOD !!!!!!! 
only one class today so I'm skippin !!! 
Im now at 208lbs . ive lost 42 lbs since february 
" Let each citizen remember at the moment he is offering his vote that he is not making a present or a compliment to please an individual -- or at least that he ought not so to do ; but that he is executing one of the most solemn trusts in human society for which he is accountable to God and his country . " -Samuel Adams 
Voting is important . Go do it . 
I'm down to 215 lbs ! thats 35 lbs since january ! 
Me and Karyns 4 year anniversary !! 
GO VOTE PEOPLE !!!! 
unstoppable was " off the tracks " amazing !!!! 
Going to Dane Cook with Karyn tonight !!! 
long day 
Another tough day of balancing work and school . and a cold 
man the weather lately has been really depressing 
Just spent $300 on textbooks for one class :( . could have bought an xbox 360 or ps3 with that much money ... 
I can feel my health deteriorating as I type . thanks natalie 
I got a sweet 12 gauge remington 870 wingmaster for my birthday !!! 
I'm having a great day so far ! Thanks everyone for your birthday wishes ! The only bad thing is that it's snowing . In late April . It's an outrage . 
happy easter !! 
It's draft day !!! 
Bin Laden DEAD !!!!! SCHWING !!!!!! ive been hearing that S . O . B . ' s name since i was in sixth grade !!!! 
I couldn't do an internship with metlife because I'm seeing danielle in england right in the middle of the time I needed for it :( 
This is the first day of my life 
I swear I was born right in the doorway 
I went out in the rain suddenly everything changed 
They're spreading blankets on the beach 

Yours is the first face that I saw 
I think I was blind before I met you 
Now I don’t know where I am 
I don’t know where I’ve been 
But I know where I want to go 
super nice day ! 
I hate it when professor's dock points when you don't explain your answer . You didn't ask me to dangit !!! 
I learned some interesting facts today : when bush left in 09 we had 7% unemployment $1.89 gas and crude oil at $46 a barrel . Three years later under obama we have 9.1% unemployment $3.89 gas and crude at $114 a barrel . I think I'm missing president bush ... 
just got home from work , at least i finished my last final this morning 
Friday , Friday , gotta get down on Friday !!!! Yeah !! 
Started working out again today . Man its tough 
gay and proud 
just fyi , i'm not gay . thank you . 
Sitting in England with crumpets 
Going on a beatles tour today ! 
Mead is a great drink ! 
Mead mead mead drinks drinks drinks !! Getting crazy with my people yo !!!! 
Just saw the other guys on tv at the british open . super glad im here dry and warm sippin tea !! 
Goin to see the dover cliffs then marie st michelle ! 
Ugh I feel like a balloon 
Vacation pictures are up ! 
All kinds of veggies growing in my pots ! Had a fresh bell pepper with my breakfast ! 
Goodbye Hasselbeck 
I made Cherry pie from scratch this morning using rainier cherries ! ( had to use a special recipe because usually a different kind of cherry is used ) 
sucks being home when everyone leaves for the lake . It's happened more than once now ... 
A Seahawks fan , a Steelers fan , & a Patriots fan are climbing a mountain & arguing about who loves their team the most . The Patriot fan insists that he is the most loyal . '' This is for New England!'' he yells & jumps off the mountain . Not to be outdone , the Seahawks fan is next to profess his love for his team . He yells " This is for Seattle " & pushes the Steelers fan off the mountain . Repost if you're a Seahawks Fan ! 
Finally found a candidate I like . Rick perry . He's experienced , well spoken , and the first candidate so far that I think can beat obama next year . 
Hey if anybody needs a Football Fantasy league player I'm looking for leagues to join 
My mom went on a run this morning without our dog rueben and he barked and watched her from the window until she was out of sight . He's still waiting for her at the window whining and waiting for her to take him too . :( 
Tacie and Robin are my favorite people . 
I may have to spend $600 on textbooks this upcoming quarter ..... 
never forget 
???????????????? If You're Proud To Be An American Wave ???????????????? This Flag In Honor Of The Fallen Men ???????????????? And Women Who Served Our Country ???????????????? For those who have served in the past ???????????????? For those who are serving now 
???????????????? And For Those Who Are Still Fighting 
???????????????? THANK YOU AMERICAN HEROES . 
Keep this posted at least through Sunday 9-11-2011 . Never forget 
and so it begins 
My business statistics teacher thinks its great to use the latest and greatest in class learning tools . No matter how expensive it is to the students . fml 
