i dont get this ? lol 
:D haha 
" you might be mexican if : You've tried to bring a mango back to the US from Mexico , and a bonus point if you actually made it all the way home with it " lmao true 
* sigh * haha 
In art . @Lorena Ayala its in the mood for some " sculptures " , but shes also in the mood for some mexican " food " haha 
Y si eres gorda o flaca , todo eso no me importa a mi . 
fuck , my phone is not working 
Gooooooooool !!! :D yes ! Fuck yeah ! 
i was going to wait till to today to read haha but i think its too late now to start reading to kill a mockingbird . FUCK 
ugh i need to get a new phone 
eh going to sleep ..... Zzz :/ 
i need to read , even though i know i wont end up reading haha 
At the spring show with megan haha , i was cracking up in 7th pd today lmao about the big O 
i have bad luck with phones 
Damn the Portugal vs . Spain game is intense , nice . 
Ugh I should really be studying for Psychology Ap and be reading Brave New World . Stupid facebook haha :/ . 
Le Mexique va gagner contra la France haha . GO Mexico , let's do it again :D . Please :/ lol 
ready to fail the AP test tomorrow , haha this is bs . At least i dont have to go to all my morning classes . i know im not getting higher than a one :/ , idgaf anymore . 
got my new iphone fixed :D 
Thinking if I should join band next year , I really kinda want to but idk , ugh . ? :/ 
aah I got my old blackberry to work . But now my laptop died and the charger its not working . Wtf 
GTL > FLA :D 
Watching Univision haha , wow there's a lot going on :/ . wtf lol 
Ugh . 
yeeeaah , not joining band next year ... oh well , not going to school tomorrow and i just gotta go back on friday to take ONE final :D 
Finally no more school :D each school year keeps getting than the one before lol 
Ah I gotta start working on my bio project and i need to finish reading Night . I have to stop procrastinating but ... its the last week of school :D FINALLY ! 
YES !!! OMG :D :D :D haha Fuck yeah :D 
Nice goal USA , go USA ! Whoo haha cmon . 
Why does this have to happen to me ? I wish I could control which person to like . ( like-like haha ) . :/ FUCK , not again . 
Exited for the game tomorrow XD but damn it's going to start too early lol , the sacrifices I have to make . Whoo :D World Cup . 
So we're celebrating the 4th of July with fireworks and some real mexican music , that's either disrespectful or ironic lol 
Hell yeah Uruguay won ! : D . Damn these past games have been intense . Sorry Ghana haha 
omg lmao :o hahaha wow 
I give up . 
Ah crap , we tied . Oh well :/ but we didnt lose :) haha 
Homecoming game ! :) we better win . 
Schlitterbahn ! :D 
Stephanie Tran thanks to you I have now crossed out something off of my bucket list haha . My work here is done . 
Mariachi bands are one of the best things for entertainment haha . 
So apparently being agnostic it's as bad as doing drugs and killing people . Wow haha wtf . 
Oh crap ! haha school tomorrow :o . This better be a good year , can't slack off haha . I won't slack off . 
Shahea Walker has inspired me to start drawing and painting again haha :) 
Studying for APUSH tests = to a a bad failing grade 
Not studying for APUSH tests = to a not so bad failing grade 
So I think I just won't study . 
Jacky Lopez , you're the definition of hater . 
YESSS ! :) I am now legally able to get a tattoo ... 
and more ;) 
yay-yah :D 
Ah not planning on making an effort at staying awake at school tomorrow . 
Summer needs to get here already ! 
I think my GPA has been raped and gang-banged by almost all my classes this year . GREAT . 
Haha hoes will be hoes . 
I fucking hate push-ups ! 
