Ewwww housesitting grandparents place ! 
OMG I found L . Ron Hubbard - Scientology 0-8 The book of Basics in my grandparents house ... WTF ? 
Wow I look good with sex hair ... ;-) 
You've lost that lovin ' feeling , Whoa , that lovin ' feeling , You've lost that lovin ' feeling , Now it's gone ... gone ... gone ... wooooooh . 
I am sooo happy but I have no idea why ! 
Yay Big Brother is finally back !!! 
Applied for next season of Survivor ! 
Good ol 80 degree weather ! 
really needs to stop listening to old Avril Lavigne music , I am starting to embarrass myself 
Paw on a stick ! Good times , good times . 
The recruiter people actually like Chris ! And he scored really well on some test thingy ... he might leave the house soon !!!!!!!!!! 
Once you go Activia you never go back . 
Woohoo ! US beat top ranked spain ! 
I am about to something very stupid ... trying to update my grandma's computer ... wish me luck ! 
had a stare down with a couple Jehovah Witnesses and won ! 
I am not doing anything today .. how fucking boring is that ? 
I turns out that I am allergic to one type of cat . 
Woohoo I am now textable again ! lol 253 426 7386 
Bought a new phone ! Text or call me ! 253 426 7386 
If only leanna would post that picture of me ... * sadness * ( Tee hee hee this just might work ) 
Fancy ketchup ... what the fuck is fancy about ketchup ? 
Tomorrow eh leanna ? LIES !! 
Bought a new phone ! Text or call me ! 253 426 7386 ( OMG my phone company is evil ! lol i can't text or receive texts until tomorrow sometime SORRY ) 
Does anyone here think I have a ' potty mouth' ? 
OH no !!! Seahawks Sounders and Mariners are all playing at the same ! What will I watch ?? 
Also got a new net book today ! ( Now i have a webcam and no idea what I should do with it ) . OMG its fantastic ! 
Who knew that electing a black man with a foreign-sounding name would make rural white people insane ? - Bill Maher hahahaha LOVE IT ! 
Gave blood today !!!! Gots a pink bandage to prove it ! 
Toy Story One and Two rocked in 3D !!!! 
Fantastic season Seattle Marines ! 85 - 77 ! 
New Rule : Since viruses , like swine flu , get to be potentially deadly because they evolved , if you don't believe in evolution and you get it , you have to pray it away . You cant crap all over Darwin , stem-cell research , and global warming and come back to science when you want therma flu , that's for us sinners . -Bill Maher 
You can't change people's minds if they don't have one . 
went to dinner at Anthony's with a few friends , got the check in some check holder thingy that says discover card ... so i used my discover card ... they do not accept discover card ... lol ! 
Hmm I need an idea of what to do for my application 3 minute vid to send to CBS for my Survivor application ... HELP !! 
It is my duty to comfort the afflicted and afflict the comfortable . 
OMG ... The Seahawks REALLY SUCK ! 
If I have to hear that damn miley cyrus song one more fucking time OMG ! 
got nearly 12 hours of sleep last night . I'm ready to kick some ass !!!! 
Hawks won baby ! 
To anyone , ANYONE , who thinks the democrats are bad for America or its freedoms or whatever , I say SHUT THE FUCK UP !!!! The dems can't even keep democratic senators from filibustering the health care bill that is supposed to be the dems most important fucking issue !! Republicans stop bitching even though Obama is in office and the democrats control both the house and the senate you still found a way to win ... FUCK ! 
Good bye november !!! 
got my ear pierced yesterday !! 
Woohoo I got highlights now ! 
Omg i got that damn 1985 song stuck in my head ! What did i did to deserve this ? 
These covered a period of many years , but I observed that the entries ceased nearly a year ago and quite abruptly . 
WOOHOOO Mariners WON !!! Against Halliday on the hottest day in Seattle history ! 
I HATE BRETT FAVRE !!!!!!! 
is slowly going insane . 
Christians are at my door and my roomate did not slam the door on them and it is getting FUCKING COLD ! 
I have decided I am going to win mega millions , yay me ! 
13 Days 4 Hours and 31 Minutes untill the M's first preseason game ! 
WOOHOO Mariners pitchers and catchers have reported ! 
Beginning yoga ... too much for stephen 
Omg ugly guy is cruising me at a fucking albertsons 
Seattle Mariners v . Padres TODAY first game of the 2011 preseason at noon . Go M's!! 
The first pitch of the Seattle Mariners 2011 Preseason , thrown by Eric Bedard , is a STRIKE !! 
MARINERS WIN !! In extra innings 13 - 12 ! 
The new Sidekick is gonna be Android ... stay with Sidekicks or move on to windows 7 phone ? 
I am watching the Sabers v . Flyers game and there is a huge mcdonalds m in center ice ... very depressing 
Ever notice how what your looking for is never in the convenient pocket ? 
I have one less hour of my weekend this pisses me off 
Go Huskies ! 
Sometimes the spoon runs away with another spoon 
Wow fat man wearing bait boy tee shirt ... in public umm yeah 
Asians attacked me in victoria secret 
162 Games to go !! Mariners Opening Day !!! 
WOOHOO Mariners win !!!!! 1 - 0 161 Games to go !!!! Oh and I make a pretty kickass Margarita !!! 
Mariners WIN !!!! 2 - 0 160 Games to go ! Going for the three game sweep @ Oakland tomorrow ! 
Mariners lost ... :-( 2 - 1 159 games to go . Going to Texas forfour game set 
Wellz the mariners lost a ... g ... a ... i ... n and are now 2 - 2 sucks 
Mariners lose ! 2 - 3 on the season 
At albertsons they stock jesus candles right next to the tabsco sauce 
I miss the terror level alerts they used to have , it was nice to know just how afraid I was supposed to be each day in nice easy to understand colorful letters . 
OMG Totally amazing easy as fuck drink everybody go out and get roses lime juice put some in a glass add as much tequila as u can handle and then add some triple sec very tasty lollllll 
You know this world is fucked up when " with REAL sugar " is marketing 
I can only be who I R 
Is it bad if I deleted one of my facebook friends because they are a bitch ? No ? Didn't think so 
I MISS MY BLONDE I MISS MY BLONDE !!!!!!!!! Poor hair .... :-( 
I think everyone should listen to at least one Ricky Martin song tonight cause ..... ummm why the hell not ? 
Best thing about Jesus dieing or being reborn or whatever the fuck ' happened ' is rib roast of sale !!! 
Grr if I wanna see Maroon 5 this summer I also am forced to sit through " Hey Soul Sister " F U Train !!! 
Ordered a new phone today ! Here's to it not sucking !!!! 
" The only thing better than a unicorn is a gay unicorn " - Lady Gaga 
Ok this can be a strictly me kinda stupid , but I feel it is mean for t-mobile to text my old phone that they shipped its replacement 
Livin ' La Vida Loca Bitches ! 
Ok thats it facebook we totally NEED a dislike button I mean come on what the fun of social networking if you can ; t crush peoples hopes and dreams ? 
Is it bad that I am watching gilmore girls two nights in a row ? 
Working on the most beautiful day ever DAMN ! 
Bob Dole !!!! 
Ken Griffey Junior has retired :-( 
Hawks up 17 10 against Arizona @ Half 
Too sleep or not to sleep that is the question 
Happy Seahawks Day !!! 
Seattle ( 4-2 ) @ Oakland ( 3-4 ) 
Happy Sounders Day Too !! 
PLAYOFFS !!! LA @ Seattle 
SOUNDERS WIN BITCHES TWO NILL 
MARINERS WIN sounders next !!! 
20 DAYS !!!! 
Watching HSN ... Must resist ... NO BAD PHONE !!!.... I really dont need GreenPan " Copperfused " 2 pc . Cooking Set ! 
" You don't deserve those clothes , you eat carbs for Christ's sake carbs ! Its so unfair ! " Best line ever 
Mourn the losses cause they are many , but celebrate the victories because they are few 
Black Friday is two weeks away !!!! 
Bleaching my hair !!! 
Happy easter !! 
I had an absoultly drama free couple of days away from my apartment I feel fab ! 
I am actually going bowling wow 
We got buzzed ! 
Ohhh its that moning time of the day again 
Don't die unless somebody's home 
Spokane Shock are going to the superbowl of Arena football ... The AREANABOWL !!! Hahahaha geeze Washington sports suck when I actually plan on watching this ... 
Mariners opening day !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Survived my late night stroll in tacoma !! 
My WootOFF Bag o Crap is here ! Cant wait to open it !! 
Omg i am finally fucking off what a sitty day 
Final Score 23 20 S-E-A-H-A-W-K-S 
Omg I am looking fucking good ! 
MARINERS WIN !!!!! OPENING DAY 1-0 
Ten hours of glee in one day and i am still not bored yay glee dvds 
Yay i got off early !! 
I am sooo not awake at 4 am 
hey everyone ! 
omg i am taking a bubble bath ! text me people ! 253-353-9822 * Just Smile * 
Happy go get yourselves laid day !!! 
Good morning world !!!!! 
Omg afraid to walk the streets of tacoma at night looking this damn good 
1 bull dyke 2 straght guys one sara one jumper cable a truck a taurs And a geo .... 
Omj caught myself thinking abouf crispers 
Happy Hawks Day !!! Seahawks Playoff scenarios : ( SEA W @ TB , AND SEA W vs . STL ) or ( SEA L @ TB , AND SF L @STL , AND SEA W vs . STL ) or ( SEA L @ TB , AND STL L vs SF , AND SF L vs . ARI , AND SEA W vs . STL ) Seahawks cannot be eliminated this week and MUST Win in all scenarios against the St. Louis Rams in Seattle January 2 . 
OMG YAY SANDRA !!!!!!!!!!! 1,000,000 
not god .... 
I gained a pound in a day !!! FML 
Before the credits of Julie & Julia they say Julia Child died in 2004 blah blah blah ... Julie Powell's book was Julie and Julia was published in 2005 and her book was made into a movie ... I JUST WATCHED THAT FUCKING MOVIE OF COURSE IT WAS MADE INTO A MOVIE !! 
Have you ever bought scissors ? You need scissors to get in to scissors ! 
Going window shoppin with lele today ! 
Of all the bad songs to get stuck in one's head Four Minutes , really ? 
charlie , charlie , charlie 
Happy easter people ! 
Today I watched someone attempt to use a lint roller to get little white fuzzies off his dark colored shirt . Now I know what your thinking , " but Stephen lint rollers would work perfectly for that . " And that is true in theory , But evidently it is not common sense , as I surely thought it must be , that you must take off the nasty first sticky in order for the lint roller to be effective . 
Nothing like Journey to perk up ones evening ! 
23 20 Hawks Two minute warning .... ( 1:56 ) Onside kick coming 
Its not lying if they make you lie 
Finally well rested and happy 
Smile even though your heart is acheing , smile even though its breaking just smile 
GO HAWKS BABY !!! 
Ever want to just restart ? 
Good morning !! 
Yay its sunny ! 
29 18 Seattle ... 7:52 to go 
OMG I have that horrid Hoobastank Reason song stuck in my head !!! 
Lele is getting me drunk ! 
Listening to 90's music , life is good . 
If someone tries to kill you try to kill them right back ... Don't ask . :-) 
Hmm my music on shuffle : Desperado then So happy I could die , then My heart will go on ... not sure how i feel now :-p 
" It's rainy , depressing as hell in Seattle , " Darnell Dockett , the Cardinals ' Pro Bowl defensive end , tweeted . " Good thing it's all buisness cuz I'd never visit this damn place ... " 

PFFT Good I don't want you visiting here ! 
I feel another Gilmore Girls night coming on WOOOO ! 
I have never had a more boring day in my life ! 
Ewwww mother fucking steeler scumb are going to another mother fucking superbowl 
I am going to say this as nicely as I possibly can but you look like a sad clown hooker ... thanks glee ! 
I have decided Cost-Co is for republicans 
Gettin ' Figgy Wit ' It 
Good bye hair you will be missed ... 
Packers Win !!!! If the Seattle Seahawks win tomorrow they will advance to the NFC Championship which will be played in Seattle vs . the Packers for a Superbowl Birth ! 
My last night : 9:50 I get a text " you wanna go to the beach " 
10:30 leaves for the " beach " 
11:00 while in the very back of the suv , realizes it is to complicated to get to a " beach " 
11:15 were going to seattle 
11:40 6 people ( one 4 years old ) and 6 coffees 
12:10 hanging out at a closed albertson's so Monkey can pee and we meet an old guy 
12:15 Arrive in Seattle 
12:30 security dork gets all pissy about me littering 
needs a new monitor this is insane 
FUCK 
When Jesus calls in the wee hours of the night don't answer it can only be bad news 
Carlson's nfl career is over updates to come 
Don't do anything I wouldn't do ! 
1:15 go to space needle 
1:25 wander around seattle with no real plan 
2:10 random asshole walks behind us saying sir sir sir SIR SIR SIR 
2:11 Mikey actually turns around 
2:30 search for food and go to some pita place 
3:00 get lost a few times looking for alki beach 
3:50 get to alki beach 
4:01 leave alki beach ( yes thats 11 minutes ) 
5:06 arrive at apartment too late to go to sleep 
I love me peoples !!!! 
You traded my lovely gift for a semi pornagraphic leering monkey lamp ? How could you !! 
I don't wannna go to work ! * Whine Bitch Moan * 
holy shit sara and I have the whole movie theater to ourselves 
Here's to hoping nobody did/does anything stupid tonight . Happy new year ! 
I just saw a pregame commercial that pretty much said ' your gonna die soon so buy some dockers ' 
Why some people ought to be punched in the face part one ; David thinking I wanted iced tea when I asked for a Long Island Iced Tea 
New Rule : When something out of the ordinarily happens on live tv the broadcaster cannot say " don't adjust your television sets ... " 
Hahaha Lady Gaga's new song ( Born this way ) sounds ALOT like Madonna's Vogue like a whole hell of a lot :-) 
San Fran GIANTS WORLD SERIES CHAMPIONS ! 
missing glee already 
soooo not a good day to be monday 
It's valentines day and evidently Washington got stood up this year . 
Anyway you want it , thats the way you need it , any way you want it !! 
You fell off the crust ... 
Absolutely Fabulous 
watching reruns of Gilmore Girls and trying to write a cover letter . FUN !! 
Why I would make a better sport analyst then the ESPN staff reason #1 ; " If the game played out differently then the outcome would be different . " 
Fuck this morning shit ! I miss bed ! 
Rams @ Seahawks next sunday FLEXED to Sunday Night Game 5:20 PM for the Division 
26 10 End Of 3rd Quarter 
Note : Seahawk defense held Arizona to NEGATIVE 5 yards in 3rd 
... I just realized it has been over six months since I have been to Port Orchard ... WOOHOOOOOO ! I feel accomplished now !!! 
Bracing for poweroutage YAY I love wind storms 
Seahawks update : ( 1)Charlie Whitehurst is expected to start at QB for injured Matt Hasselbeck this Sunday night as the Hawks play for the NFC West title against Rams . 
( 2 ) After Saints Win on MNF tonight the winner of the NFC West will host a playoff game against the New Orleans Saints . 
What happened to standards ? Next time you leave your home , take a second too look at a mirror and if you look like a bucket of fuck don't leave your hous 
Watching Titanic lifes good :-) 
Making other people happy can be hazardous to your health 
Suddenly I See is a very annoying song 
Woohoo ! Big Aero sale bought $409 worth of clothes for 129.91 
When I ask you how you are I am really only asking because I have to a one word answer is all I want . Anything more than fine or good is bullshit that I don't have time for . 
Who wants to go with me to LA this October to be on The Price Is Right ??!!! 
I should sooo not be allowed to watch QVC 
Going to watch Gilmore Girls till I fall asleep 
Wow Roy Halladay no hitter against the reds in the playoffs holy shit 
caught myself listening to desperado ... fml 
Survivor Open casting call starts December 7th !!... Time to perfect my video !! 
New Hawks playoff scenario ; Sea @ Tampa today does not matter . If the Seahawks win vs . St. Louis next Sunday in Seattle they Win the NFC West . 
UGGH !!! Come on people when will you just accept god doesn't exist !!!??? 
Seahawks won Mariners won Sounders draw 
... then you got to pull out and go back in pretending like your new hands 
Olalla sucks btw 
23 13 Ten minutes to go !!! 
Watching the Rangers celebrate is more disgusting than I thought it would be 
having an I miss my red hair moment 
just walked past a mirror and briefly fell in love with himself . Gotta look into this cloning thing . 
Bon Jovi and beer ... yay summer ! 
Huskies Win !!!! 32 31 over #18 USC 
SEAHAWKS NFC WEST CHAMPS ! 7 - 9 PLAYOFFS NEXT SATURDAY VS SAINTS IN SEATTLE ! GO HAWKS ! 
Hawks WIN !!! 
NFC West Standings : 
1 . Seahawks ( 4-2 ) 
2 . Cardinals ( 3-3 ) 
3 . Rams ( 3-4 ) 
4 . 49ers ( 1-6 ) 
Conference standings : 
1 . Atlanta ( 5-2 ) 
T2 . New York 
Seattle 
Tampa Bay ( 4-2 ) 
T3 . Washington 
New Orleans 
Philadelphia 
Chicago ( 4-3 ) 
Going to the Sounders Game next sunday ! 
I really need to move outta this state !! 
I think i am pregnant , it is the only way to explain this sickness sure I am not the size of a whale but who knows maybe pregger peoples use there preggerness as an excuse to get fat and I just havnt gotten the memo yet . Now just to figure out how I got pregnant seeing as I have man parts this is gonna get confusing hmmm maybe web MD can help 
I am having survivor withdrawals already 
Well Sounders suck Too YAY Seattle sports !! 
The first person who decided an oyster was a good thing to put in his mouth was an asshole 
I rejected your phone call twice , you know I rejected your phone call twice , maybe I don't want to talk to you . 
Survivor 3 hrs and counting go sash ! 
Don't play dumb your too fucking dumb to play dumb 
Sounders zero dnymo zero half 
Tee hee hee I pass for twenty one !! ;-) 
Gotta love being called in to work on your day off 
Must not fall asleep ... work in twooo hours ... 
Happy Hawks Day !!! 
Grrr ! Damn gay rights peoples telling me how to vote ! Yes yes equality is important but sometimes the economy is just slightly more so . 
you ever glance at a tv that is showing jeopardy , know the answer to one of the questions , then get sucked into watching the entire episode praying it will happen just one more time ? 
dont use the minty body wash on your dick ... just sayin 
I'm going to stop carrying photo ID . By now , people should know who I am . 
Omfg in like fifty minutes I will no longer be a teenager 
Has the odd urge to purchase sea monkeys ... 
Walking on Sunshine is the best song EVER if you didn't know already . 
Now i am going to the mariner game at one then the sounders game at eaight :-) 
just bought the most ugly scarf in the world damn sounders ! 
Tampa Bay @ Spokane Shock Arenabowl ( that's they-'re Superbowl btw ) Tonight 5 pm 
8am listening to Billy Idol hmm life is good 
Oh my Jesus it actually happened Giants and Rangers World Series ... poor MLB 
To jobs that pay the rent 
Happy Friday !! 
Its official netflix knows too much about me ;-) 
Eww in one month I am going to be old 
question : what is lactose free milk ? 
Sehawks Jacksonville Superbowl you herd it here first ( yeah I don't believe it either . ) Fingers Crossed ! 
Magic tricks need to up the antie , pulling a rabbit out of a hat is easy i wanna see some one pull a bunny outta a twat 
hey people who wants too see a movie with moi next weekend ? ( this is my attempt at planning ahead ) 
Uggh Greenday that half time show sucked 
Keep dreaming thats all your your gonna have dreams and fat ! 
Mariners hired Eric Wedge as new manager ... yippie 
Seven seasons as skipper 561 - 573 ( . 495 ) 
2007 Manager of the Year 
Led the Indians to one game away from the World Series ( 2007 ) 
GO SOUNDERS ! Playoff Match v . LA on ESPN Now ! 
I love madonna ! 
Ever leave ihop wanting to hop ? neither have I 
This year I plan to write an autobiography that outsells Jesus’ autobiography , the Bible . 
soccer fans much better looking than baseball fans ... just sayin 
Omg the Mariners are winning !!!! two to one bot six 
Seahawks update : ( 1 ) Seattle Seahawks send no players to the Pro Bowl for the second straight season . The only other NFC team to not send anyone this season was the Tampa Bay Buccaneers . 
( 2 ) ESPN Power ranking : 24th 
Yay Hawks kicked ASS today !! 
I love my new ereader merry christmas to me 
Jesus I think this rain is gonna kill us all sheesh 
Somebody ANYBODY cheer me up jesus 
" We want Carr ! We want Carr ! " Thank you San Francisco that put a nice spring in my step ! 
Just watched a twig of a lady purchase slim fast while a very very space consuming guy buys little debbie cakes and such , not 3 feet from one another 
Hawks WIN !!! 
Ever think your losing your mind ? Sorry to break it to you but , you haven't had your mind for at least 10 years now 
I found a lost dog today , called the owner then they came and picked him up , life's good . 
Sometimes , Late at night , I rearrange traffic signs . People need to be challenged . 
30 Days till Pitchers and Catchers report !!! YAY Almost Baseball season again !!!! 
Netflix sometimes I think you are wrong . For instance , " Based on your interest in ' Amadeus ' and ' Julie and Julia ' You will Love ' Jarhead ' and ' Wyatt Earp '" Now i am not saying I wouldn't enjoy said movies but ... somehow I don't think Mozart and a cooking blogger equal western and mostly bald war peoples . 
HAWKS WIN !!!! 36 18 Final 
( 5 - 4 ) 
Standings pending overtime in San Fransisco 
Just bought a new Sidekick , happy now ! 
Yay !! Its Monday !!! Oh wait .. 
Happy October facebook people 
Woo I got accepted ! Going back to school October 25th ! 
The 49ers have dumped unhappy 2008 first-round draft choice Kentwan Balmer , watched their backup running back retire at age 23 , negotiated a truce between offensive starters Vernon Davis and Michael Crabtree , called an emergency late-night meeting following the first game , fired their offensive coordinator , lost their starting QB , demoted their second-team quarterback and even pushed back plans for a new stadium . 
Work still hasn't called me WOO ! 
HAWKS BALL !!!!!!!!!!! 1:54 ! TO GO HAWKS WIN ! 
Happy Hawks Day !!!! 
guy hats suck they are either ganster or baseball team 
I now realize that there is no room in this world for the person I want to be , but there is room for a person to ask the entire world to suck his dick and for that world to obey , so that's the asshole I am going to strive to become 
16 days 17 hrs !! 
Happy happy seahawks day ! 
Chris is coming home in a month ! 
Everyone needs more Jesus in their lives just Jesus ! 
Seahawks update : ( 1 ) Russel Okung re-injured hi ankle on Sunday in a loss against the Bucks and is not expected to play this Sunday vs . the Rams 
( 2 ) ESPN AccuScore Predictions have the Hawks as a 43% underdog against the Rams at home this Sunday 
Today was a good day bought a belt and a new shirt rocking out to britney spears and madonna and I might just have gotten a date :-) 
There is a color actually called Competitive Orange ... learn something new everyday ! 
Lets Go GIANTS World Series starts tonight 
After Week Six NFC WEST standings : 
1st Seahawks ( 3-2 ) 
- Arizona ( 3-2 ) 
3rd Rams ( 3-3 ) 
49ers ( 1-5 ) 
Game #162 L 4 - 3 
2010 Seattle Mariners 61 Wins 101 Losses 
Good Fucking Riddance 
the bitch fucked up the national anthem 
RIP Dave Niehaus 
Yay Yankee Scumb Won !! Better of two evils , does anyone want to watch the Rangers in the playoffs ? 
Listening to Sara McLachlan , perfect end to this weird ass day 
Hawks start in five 
29 more days till Black Friday YAY 
Happy Hawks day ! 
Sweet means bad butt ! I love Gilmore Girls hahaha 
Happy Hawks Day !! 
Yay for netflix 
Maybe shoulda thought out this whole breakfast thing looking around my apartment all i have that is edible are pixi stix and milk ... 
Grrrr sounders still suck half time 2 - 0 LA must win by two goals to stay in the playoffs 
Good season Seattle Sounders ( 14-10-6 ) 
One Week Till Black Friday !!!!! 
Ewwww ! Watching Titanic and its at the spitting scene EWWW 
Happy Hawks DAY ! 
It should be aganst the law for someone to look ugly in front of the stephen 
23 days till Black Friday !!!! 
Hawks suck ... go Sounders !! 
Work sucks 
I HATE REFS !!! 
Happy Playoff Hawks Day Peoples !!!! Kickoff At 1:30 !!! 
Wellz , at least , one more week of Seahawk logo pic ! 
Fuck Rangers are going to the World Series 
Root for the Packers today people ! If the Packers win @ Atlanta AND the Seahawks win @ Chicago the NFC Championship game will be played in Quest Field next Sunday ! 
If i hear jingle bells one more time i am going to kill a toddler i swear to god 
One week till i am old ! 
Seahawks 14 Bears 13 Half Time !! 
GOD Dammit Seahawks I am getting sucked in again !!!! 
Hmm so I wake up today and check ESPN ... and Seahawks still won ! Still kinda think its all a ploy 
Happy Hawks Day !! 
Arizona ( 3-2 ) @ Seattle ( 3-2 ) 1 pm 
Two 
years ago people voted for 1 type of change , now for the opposite . Is it 
any wonder this country can't dig itself out of the hole ? 
Sooo after talking with QVC customer service for like 20 minutes an the asshole says " have a wonderful holiday season MS Wierman " . dot . dot . FUCKING DOT . 
Happy Hawks Playoff Day !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
sooo I've been pukeing like crazy for the past two days nasty migraines and I can't sleep maybe its time to go to the doctors 
I remember when my parents said I was too young to watch Casino ... after watching it tonight I am still too young to watch Casino :-) 
So I was watching Headline News ( HLN ) , they play a Overstock.com commercial during their broadcast ... not 1 minute later they have a story about how Overstock.com is scamming customers with their retail price . I understand reporting the news but ... ummm really ? 
woohoo I got a drinking bird 
Power eta 45 minutes yay ! 
it's a rare man that would rather get even than laid 
Happy Hawks Day ! 
One hour until Seahawks kickoff !! If your not enroute to Seattle for the game get your ass on a couch tune in to NBC and get ready for some football !! Go HAWKS ! 
What a fucked up year good riddance ! 
Bonnie Tyler's career would have been much more successful if her most famous song was not 6:58 seconds long and sucks ... just sayin 
Go Jets and Packers !! 
Here we go ! FINAL GAME OF THE REGULAR SEASON ST . LOUIS RAMS @ SEATTLE SEAHAWKS WINNER GOES TO THE PLAYOFFS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WOO-MOTHER-FUCKING-HOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
You know how some kids will randomly wave or say hi to u ? why is it that whenever u say hi back they look at u all stupid like and walk away ? 
Seahawks lose but it dosen't matter . The winner of St. Louis Rams @ Seattle Seahawks Sunday January 2 will Win the NFC West and a home playoff game . Go Hawks ! 
I hate it when I finally get around to updating my computer then restarting it and all the bullshit and all of a sudden guess what Adobe and Java have updates too !!! I am not even sure what they do but god help me if I ignore them Jesus ! 
The car will not start BAD 
Word of warning to all roomba vacuum owners : If you die and decompose , your roomba will vacuum you up and nobody will ever know 
After watching the Super Bowl pregame reading of the Declaration of Independence and watching the interview between Bill O'Riley and Prez Obama I have decided when the next revolutionary war starts I am firmly on the side of the NFL the soon to be leaders of the world . 
I hate the Steelers ... grumble ... grumble 
IF the Packers Win @ Atlanta AND the Seahawks Win @ Chicago the Seattle Seahawks will HOST the NFC Championship game and a chance and a Super Bowl Birth 
I love double standards when they work in my favor 
WOOHOO GO Packers !!! 
NO ! I am not falling for this 30 day 30 picture thingy !!! Stupid facebook trends 
