So excited for girls camp but really annoyed that we can't bring energy drinks ! Rules suck . Also excited 4 2 concerts this year . Can't wait till New Moon comes out . Have 2 get ready for camp . Psh I spent so much on camp stuff it's insane . Trying to keep a 
Finally slept ... 12 hours straight . I woke up with a bloody nose .. is that bad ? 
JUST SAW HARRY POTTER AND THE HALF-BLOOD PRINCE ! SO AWESOME , HAD 2 FORCE MYSELF NOT TO CRY THOUGH . THEY LEFT OUT IMPORTANT DETAILS ! 
Is very confused there has got to be something wrong with me ... I am different ... I can't sleep , Can't write songs ... NOTHING . I have WAY too much on my mind :/ .... Can't wait for Girls Camp next week though . 
WOOHOO Girls Camp was awesome ! It was so fun ! We woke up at 6AM though <_< ... Also apparently I missed my cousins birthday yesterday and my cat already had kittens . There were 4 but 2 died :( 
If I could , I would take all of your pain away , every last drop of it and carry it with me for the rest of my life , just so you would be happy . And I would be happy , just to see you happy ... My heart is sore and broken , bleeding inside and tearing apart . 
Watching the saddest and sickest movie ever called Martyrs ..... I feel like throwing up !... To think people would do that ... Its ... sick and wrong .... 
My boy kitten just died .... i think its my fault ... i did something i shouldn't have .. then i fell asleep but maybe .. i slept walk ? I feel like a monster ... 
Has had enough of being used , lied to , yelled at , and hurt . So everyone who isn't a real friend to me .. just remove me as a friend . I am so sick of all the pain . Right now i feel like i only have 1 real friend . Maybe thats true .. anyway whatever ... Night all 
Keeps collapsing out of pure exhaustion ... 2 hours of sleep in 4 days ... GYAH ... This is really screwing up my health 
Feels Amazing ! I am so happy right now ! I helped a friend , and I am falling in love again ... stupid love .... If you want to hang out ask because I definitely don't have much to do most of the time . Although I also lost a friend . I made a decision .. I am not thinking much at all about running away or killing myself anymore and I will work as hard as I can on being happy . 
Feels sick , my stomach hurts , and I might have a fever . I can't sleep :/ .......... Ehhhh have 2 go 3 places today X_X ................ 
Is exhausted . I hung out with Aly and Sam at the park today and then in her backyard . I am soooo tired . I am also excited for school ! Hmmm I need a job , Any recommendations ? 
Okay Debate Time , I love debates and sometimes will fight with ppl just to debate .... WHICH IS BETTER ?!... DUN DUN DUN ... THE ULTIMATE DEBATE . TWILIGHT V.S. HARRY POTTER ! I choose Harry Potter and this is why : Harry Potter actually has a good plot and has romance , action , comedy , drama , and everything u can think of . Twilight on the other hand .. well ppl only love it for the characters . Well screw Edward and Jacob .. 
GYAH ... Has YW in like 20 mins .... and I haven't gotten any sleep ! I am so so so tired ! 
Got my schedule ! Here it is ! : 1st semester : 1-earth systems[coates ] 2-exploring tech 1[Newman ] 3-algebra 1[Thomas b ] 4-PST/PE[Lombardi d ] 5-language arts[stone A ] 6-Spanish 2[Hewlett ] 7-Geog for life[Critchlow ] TA-Newman .. 2nd semester : 1-foods nutrition 1[Hancock ] 2-geog for life[crichlow ] 3-algebra 1[Thomas ] 4-journalism 1[church ] 5-language arts[stone A ] 6-Spanish 2[Hewlett ] 7-earth systems .. Locker : 110-3539 ... :( 
Is nervous for school , and not so happy about it anymore . Barely any classes with friends . This year will be torture . The only good thing is seeing everyone again . Yesterday i tlked 2 my friend Chantel and she was playing Zelda . She talked and yelled to/at the tv . It was hilarious . Of course I do the same thing . I am so so so Happy atm . I've been happy for a while . Apparently I have confidence in my voice now . :D 
Is planning to have a End of the Summer party at classic ! Also I wrote as much as I can on my profile in the About Me thing . So if u want 2 know anything about me read it . Can't wait for school . Well night All ?! 
Doesn't really want to talk to anyone anymore , I am broken , and a entirely different person .... Nobody understands . So just plz ... everyone back off for a week or two ...... 
Still feels immensely guilty ... not to mention I am way more guilty ... cus after my kitten ate yesterday i accidentally dropped her and she looked twice as fat then usual ... so I hurt her leg .... and now ... she can barely walk and she can't walk on it ! T_T ... My friend Chantel still isn't tlking to me ... Just found out that all tests in Mr. Critchlows class are 200 points ... and I have a 200 point map to draw in 4 days 
Today sucked . Well let's see .... Ok so first I ended up waking up late so I got to school 5 mins before it started . Then for first period in Mrs. Coates class we caused a accident ( a real one ) We were trying out the Doppler effect and some lady was too busy reading out HONK signs ... so she crashed into the car in front of her . She's okay but she was glaring at us . Also my friend is avoiding me which is really dumb cus 
Is so tired , I slept for 12 hours ... Can't wait for school !!!!!!!!!! Sucks though .. I can't get my schedule yet because I Haven't paid yet .. :( I want 2 know my classes !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Hmmm ... I am hungry .... 
Apparently I am American , Latin(Mexican and Spanish ) , Swiss , English/British , Swedish , Irish and German ... Too many ethnicity's! My family is most likely going to a Family Reunion today .. I don't want to go . I will stay home alone . I miss my best friends :( .... I was very excited for school .. but Now I have changed my mind . 
Had a funnnn day kinda , we cleaned the church for young womens in 45 mins ! hahahaha then we got slurpys . Also I almost cried today cus i got 144 on my geo test ... out of 200 .... C- !!!!.... stupid water things .... Meh i also have many nicknames i will have 2 list them all later . Lunch sucked today as well as school I only got 13 pushups and 22 situps . Pacer tomorrow ! :/ 
Feels really really guilty , and now my friend Chantel is ignoring me all because I want to join the army . I feel sad because we heard some things that were sick and wrong in Geology for life today . Things are different this year . More complicated . Last year things were so fun and easy and so far this year sucks . 
New favorite song ! It's called I don't care by Apocalyptica featuring Adam Gontier of Three Days Grace ! My cat is pregnant we think she might be pregnant for a week more . We didn't even notice till today ! haha I get to keep 1 :) . Girls Camp Tomorrow ! So e 
75% asleep ... I am SOOOO exhausted . I am bout ready to fall asleep ... I have hw but ill just wake up at 10 pm and do it ... I only have spanish and geog .... I almsot fell asleep in laughuage arts and geoglogy ... good day ... kinda ... no more drama for now ... :DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD AHHHHHHHHHHHHH so tired ! 
Didn't go to school today cus i don't feel good . I have 2 do my hw though :/ Plus im reading Away laughing on a fast camel again lol ... uhhhh ... Yea Im hungry :/ 
Feels like nothing atm , I don't know what I am feeling but I am confused . Reading fan fiction .. it was so sad .... Parents are gone for a while . I am being a jerk to my family . I am a different person on the outside and inside . But a kind of the same . Eh Lo 
Loves the songs : " One " by If Your Lucky(Not an official band ) , " Miracle of War " by Theoria , " I Should Be In Bed " by Jon Meyer Band ( again not official band ) , " Pull It " by Alexx Calise , " Far Below " by ... Tell Me Again ... All of these bands can be heard at http://www.slurpee.com/Promotions/BotB/Contest.aspx ... Anyway Not tired anymore ... HW TIME ! lol .... uhhh ... I'm starving :/ .... 
Getting ready for the church dance . Superhero theme ... Haha Staunzie is helping me get ready and It looks great !.... Watching icarly lol . I am so bored but SO excited ! I have 2 wait till 8 ! :/ ... Oh yesterday we took pics of Luna ( my kitten ) and they are so so cute ! Staunz is a professional photographer ! lol And I helped her pose . :D I'll get them on ASAP ! 
Angry that Everyone is hating on Obama .. he is a good president and thats that ! We have 2 have another Major debate about that tomorrow ! Lunch maybe ? Hahaha ... Well If u disagree go ahead and comment but be warned ... My debates last until u give up ! :D Had a great day .. but still have HW ! X_X 
Had a funnnn day kinda , we cleaned the church for young womens in 45 mins ! hahahaha then we got slurpys . Also I almost cried today cus i got 144 on my geo test ... out of 200 .... C- !!!!.... stupid water things .... Meh i also have many nicknames i will have 2 list them all later . Lunch sucked today as well as school I only got 13 pushups and 22 situps . Pacer tomorrow ! ALSO DAVID ARCHULETA IS GAY HE SAID IT WAS ON THE NEWS 
Is sick and tired of getting left out ... I had someone 2 hang with that got left out a lot too ( not saying names ) but now another one of my friends hangs with her 24/7 and they have more fun without me . So ... idc anymore maybe I'll just let them be for a while . Looks like I really am lonely now 
mouthed off to my dad and got what i deserved ... I should stay quite from now now . Eh Some of u can guess , the others know , others don't ... if u do .. don't say anything on this . I lost one of my lenses though .. so now I am technically blind .... :( 
Just woke up from like a 8 hr nap . I still have 2 finish my hw from Algebra !! AHHH . I feel better now , Idk what I was thinking when I wrote that last post . Btw lol a " hope u are better " for Chantel .. stupid ... she fell down the stairs <_< X_X . School still sucks . I barely have any friends in classes . Plus 15 minutes before school isn't even time 2 tlk 2 ppl !!!!!!!!!!! Haha 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH scary ! A little kid was just flirting with me he looked like he was 7 ! First runescape now this ... WHAT IS UP WITH THIS WORLD ?! Hahahaha I am so tired ! 
WhAt Do YoU Do WhEn ThE OnE WhO BrOkE YoUr HeArT Is ThE OnLy OnE ThAt CaN FiX It ?.. Meh internets back on .. so ... YAY ... sadly i broke my phone ! T_T .... Now i have 2 wait till christmas .... NO FAIR 
Tomorrow is the Temple Celebration Reunion !!! Woo Hoo I miss that I loved singing ! Anyway If u want to come then you can . It'll be at the stake center at 7pm . Well ours anyway its by Edgemont ! 
Helped a friend and she helped me , Melissa You Rock ! Haha we listened to the funniest songs and had deep conversations . School sucked today . Since I only had a hour and a half of sleep I was so exhausted . I don't even remember if I have homework ......... Ugh Have 2 go 2 Lomardi's for TA tomorrow ! :/ 
UGH I am getting sick ... I hate this . I just took a nap for idk how long .. probably 3 hrs . Changing it to You have 10 free passes to ask me 10 questions which I swear I will answer TRUTHFULLY . I'm glad ppl can't read my eyes anymore , cus I was really sad today but then I laughed so much after lunch . Oh Psh Mariah ran into a wall and was blind today XD ... Remember I am always here 4 all of u , <3 u ! haha :D 
Ugh did something I shouldn't have ... and Melissa you will probably be so mad at me for it . I'm not telling this time though ... You will just have 2 see if anything's different with me at school . It hurts though :( ....... Ughhhhhhh ... I have way 2 much going on it's distracting me . I will be out of reality today and not paying attention . Stupid school .... Eh My best friend is sick ! :( 
HAS ICE CREAM , CANDY , AND AND AND AND AND AND .... ENERGY DRINKS ! BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA 
Is sick :( I hate it , I talk funny too kinda lol .... Reading fanfiction . I haven't been very nice 2 my family today ..... ughhh i have a bad temper . Thats why you don't piss me off ... the difference is I yell worse at my family then my friends ... But I might change that cus I'm too easy on my friends when I'm P . O'D ... Don't worry though just don't make me angry .... 
Hates how I'm feeling .... maybe people should stop being so caring , loving , and nice . Its so confusing and its tearing me apart . Losing my kitten broke me a little . I doubt I have any real composure left . I'm sick of being used by everyone just because I am 
Meh ............. I am so exhausted and I am so sick of drama .. I skipped out on school today .... I wasn't feeling good emotionally . Almost all my friends are Pissed at me ... So ... I thought they needed a break from me . Which they do . 
Is so pissed off ... way worse then yesterday . Same drama but worse . Plus we lost our first church volleyball game when we were ten time better ! UGH .. I am so competetive and I sucked . I so could have played better . Tomorrow is when I stop talking 2 people for a while . I need A LOT of space . Plus Kylie is so dumb to believe her friends when they say good things about brein ... BTW melissa I am still going to do u know what ! 
Excited for school , surprisingly ! I can't wait to hang out with everyone once we all go back ! Plus 9th grade will be awesome , but stressful ! Btw if anyone needs help with something you can always ask me ! I am already going to help some friends with Spanish ! :D I am not happy today but I will act happy ! 
Young Womens was difficult today , we had to create a challenge course ! But i ? ' d it ! Hahaha Zel couldn't shoot a basket so Kas had to help her , and she couldn't pick up the table ! :D 
Having a major tough time right now ... At least one of my friends forgave me .. Thanks Melissa ! <3 u ! lol .... Anyway yea ... Drama for me is sooooooooooooooo bad even if I cause it :( 
Just got back from hanging out at Ariana's house . She cut my hair .... well just the front so i have bangs . She is planning to make me look a little more girly Monday ... She is the first friend I have let do that .. but nobody get their hopes up ... I won't let everyone do it ! haha today rocked ! :D 
UGH I AM SO PISSED OFF ! HOW COULD U DO THAT TO ME MELISSA , AMANDA , ALY , MARY ! MY FRIEND IS GOING 2 HATE ME NOW ! WHY THE CRAP DID U HAVE 2 GO AND TELL ON HER ! NOT TO MENTION I WILL GET IN TROUBLE TOO ! I AM SO MOVING AND TRANSFERING SCHOOLS ! 
I absolutely Love Avril Lavigne's Songs ... I can relate to so many . I bet many others can as well . I miss school . Eh .. Night 
Had fun tlking on the phone with melissa ! lol ... first we were crying(and before u ask NO i will NOT tell u what we tlked bout ) then we ended up laughing ... no clue how long we tlked but my phone died !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Hahahahahaha tomorrow we will most likely go 2 classic and have a sleepover ! :D it'll be fun ! 
Just found out I am American , Latin(Mexican and Spanish ) , Swiss , English/British , Swedish , and maybe German . Haha I can't wait till school ! but yet .... The homework ... Ehhh I DON'T WANT ANY ! It also sucks .. I wish I had classes with all my friends .. Lol I had a dream about school yesterday cus I miss it so much . :P 
You have 3 passes to ask me 3 questions ... any question and I have to answer truthfully . Take advantage of this chance ppl ! lol I am so so so not tired ! Plus I'm hungry ! My challenge/Dare is sooooooooo easy I haven't even gotten 1 warning while Melissa has 2 ! lol 
UGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH ! CHAT WON'T WORK ! STUPID COMPUTER ! I H8TE U ! I HATE CROSS COUNTRY TOO ........... ughhhhhhh i walked like 4 miles today ! I miss tlkin 2 my friends ... CHAT PLZ WORK ! 
Have you ever loved someone so much , you'd give an arm for ? Not the expression , no , literally give an arm for ? When they know they're your heartAnd you know you were their armourAnd you will destroy anyone who would try to harm ' herBut what happens when karma , turns right around and bites you ? And everything you stand for , turns on you , despite you ? What happens when you become the main source of her pain ? 
UGH I dared Melissa something and now I have 2 not say things depressing , not hurt myself in any way at all , no angry music no freaky videos/movies&if I dont I have 2 eat tomatoes ... She has 2 Not talk about celebritys or guys unless its easton no hugging guys except easton .. or else she has to play a long game of truth or dare with me , sammie , and others and she only gets 2 skips and has to do it or tell the truth ! 
Is really really frustrated atm ... Ugh maybe ppl could see that i wanted 2 cry and assumed I was going to ... Stupid school ... Btw for the last time NO HUGS !!!!! Meh i have a full throttle ! hahaha ... Yw at 7 ! we get banana splits and get to play volleyball ! Game tomorrow at 5 i think ... COME PLZ .. Ugh took me so many tries 2 type this right ! 
Just got a whole lot smarter by reading things(I posted it all in my notes ) I need to start exploring my psychic ability's more . Summer is boring , I am going to start going to classic so much more often because I have a membership card . 
Ugh ................. I've been watching Bleach for 10 hours ... I am so tired . I'm only on episode 22 X_X ......... Man that sucks but at least I'll have stuff 2 do till Tuesday . Maybe I can get to 200 or something .. Meh 2:16 ....... I'm going to sleep 
YW's was ... well a disaster . well ... for me and Sam anyway . We always get left out . I got hurt .. not bad though . I still haven't slept and I was hyper ! Hehehehehehe 
HAD SO MUCH FUN TODAY ! I went to the dollar store with Cassie and Staunzie and then I went to young womens and then I hung out with Sammie , Staunzie , Aly , and Kassie ! Plus i drank a energy drink . Lol I am so crazy right now ... OH my kittens name is Luna ... 
Not talkin 2 day .... Plus Im grounded from the pc for a month . So yeah .... If u need 2 tell me somethin just look up my house number on my info tab ... anyway yea ... Still Pissed off . 
My mom seems to think I'm addicted to the computer ... I think NOT hahaha I am so not addicted ! I only spend my entire life on facebook !!! Hahahaha ... Ugh problem .. Falling In love again ... Stupid emotions Never telling who this time . Every time i tell the person I get hurt badly . So forget love 
Getting really frustrated ... I had 2 take a walk 6 times today because I was so mad at my mom . I also went to Wal-Mart with Aly today .. It was really interesting and fun . I have anger problems .. My mom used 2 be nice ... Now i have turned her bad . I swear at her everyday :/ ........ Now almost everyone in my family(in my house ) hates me and treats me horribly . I really can't take them anymore . Good thing music helps me .. 
XD XD XD ROFL I love kenpachi ! " Wow kenny your the best captain ever ! " " I am aren't i ? " Huge fight to the death Ichigo VS Kenpachi YAY ! 
Is mad that the seventh and eighth graders get to be on the jordan volleyball team ! They could have won if it weren't for them ! ( no offense ) HAHAHAHA drank 2 energy drinks and I might pass out . YW was interesting ... saw ppl doing karate I didn't participate . I STILL SAY U DON'T MELISSA ! 
Had a lot of fun yesterday . I hung out at Sammie's house with her and Aly . Then we got our bikes and rode them outside and went and got Katelyn . Ugh my leg hurts really bad .. idk whats wrong with it .. but I can barely walk . I'm going 2 hang out with Kylie today . 
!!!!!!!!!! UGH I was in a very deep conversation with one of my best friends ( Melissa ^^) and My mom said its enough with the phone and I can't call her again ! WTF ... Idk whats up with her and she is talking 2 my grandma about me <_< 
Ichigo : From now on I'm ignoring all of your opinions . You're coming with me whether you want to or not , dammit . You got that ?! Huh ?! I'm the rescuer here , you just shut up !! Rukia : ( shocked ) Wha -- What'd you say ?! Who do you think you are , ordering me around like that ?! A rescuer isn't supposed to ignore the rescuee ! 
Got invited to travel and study in Austria , Switzerland , France , and Italy In Summer 2010 ... Hopefully I can go and that it doesn't cost much . The only bad thing is i would probably miss Girls Camp .... Ehhh I have been playing rune scape all day without a break 
Meh ... Bleach episode 9 is sooooooooooo sweet and sad . I love it , and it almost makes me cry . 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH I LOST THE GAME ! 
Ughhhhhhhhhhhh ... Haven't been on for a couple days . Nothing 2 do . Meh writing in a journal now . Only problem is how 2 hide it from ppl . I'm probably going 2 do something today ... Idk what . I am very boring now . Hmmm question that my best friend couldn't answer .. can u ? Q : Which is more important me staying or me being happy ? Cus idk If i should move 2 vegas with my dad or not .. 
Found out today basically all the times ive hurt her ... how ive hurt her ... GOD DAMN IT WTF IS WRONG WITH ME ?! IM A MONSTER ! Maybe someone should just fucking come murder me ! I would deserve it ! I cried so much FOR her today . Im a bitch ... why the hell am i SUCH a bad friend ?! FUCK LIFE ! I will NEVER hurt her again . Thats a promise .. If i do ... I will commit suicide 
Volleyball yesterday sucked . We went against a team that barely tried ! * fake cough * AMY lol ... yeah I was way too hard on myself for screwing up twice . I got pissed off at myself . Sorry kas since u thought i was mad at u . I'm a perfectionist so it sucks . Meh I bought 4 energy drinks ! YAY 
AWESOME ! There will be a Fable 3 , 4 , AND 5 ! WOOHOO ! I AM SO EXCITED !.. FABLE 3 IN 2010 FOR XBOX 360 ! Xbox 720 comes out 2011-2012 ... New Halo Games are on their way as well ! Halo 4 will probably be out for the XBOX 720 ... I AM SO EXCITED ! NEW GAMES TO PLAY ! I have already beaten Halo 3 and Fable 2 ... at least 8 times 
Starting to watch Bleach in english sub starting with episode 157 !!!! YAY lol I miss English Dub but .. this is fine for now . I didn't go to school today cus im In a lot of emotional pain . Meh .... Tired/Hungry/Happy/Guilty .... I miss talking to my friends even though its only been like a day . :D 
Had the worst day ever so far .... A " friend " told me 2 shut up for no reason at yw when i did nothing ! then she slapped me as hard as she could on the arm .. plus i have already been having a horrible day so I started crying and couldn't stop for like 30 mins . Staunz , Kassie , Sammie , Steph , Ilysa , Mariah .. lol heck almost everyone made me feel better I'm so grateful .. Love u guys ! <3 
Wants to cry and cut so bad right now ... But i can't i gotta stay strong . She will NEVER forgive me . What have I done ... I hurt my best friend worse then ever emotionally . How could I let the monster inside me win ?! I'm nothing but horrible . I would KILL just to talk to her . I love u Melissa plz forgive me :( I'm the worst best friend ever . 
Eh Changing it 2 starting on monday . So yea still : as of MONDAY I am not coming on fb anymore . I've hurt most of you way too much . I won't tlk 2 anyone at all so dont bother calling , emailing me ect . I will not answer I will not hug , I will not tlk ... Don't bother asking why . Im really hurt right now .. and I destroyed someone elses heart . Im such a monster . Idc about myself anymore . Dont try 2 convince me 2 tlk it wont work </3 
Has never felt so depressed .... angry at myself .... sad .... broken ... torn apart .... fucked up ... hurt ... IN MY LIFE ! Someone just stab me and make me die a painful death . I am so sorry Melissa ... with all my heart and soul . I will make up for it . Of course .... U will never forgive me . I will hurt myself everyday . Fuck my emotions and monster ... I have to be strong for Melissa and Mary ... I WILL CONTROL MYSELF ! I WILL BE HAPPY ! 
Has no idea what im feeling right now . Ugh I am so sick of people messing with my friends ! Idc if they think they know them or anything . I will protect my friends and stick up for them ! Its perfectly simple don't mess with anyone I know otherwise u'll in a hell of an argument . If any of u r having trouble whether i talk 2 much , or know u that well tell me ! Cus I will go talk 2 them ! 
Ugh More drama ! One of my best friends told me a huge lie ! And I believed her ! Then While i was talking to her and another one of my best friends a " friend " walked over and started acting childish ! I ended up crying and another one of my best friends Staunzie comforted me and went to yell at them ... AND THEN a couple mins after we fought they were gossiping about me !!!!!!! 
HEHE IT IS STAAAAAUUUUUUNNNNNZZZZZZZZZZZZZ " THE PUMPIE PUMPKIN/ SNOOKUM SNOOKUMS " .....?!?!?!?!?!? THAT SOUNDS LIKE A LONELY BACHLORS CAT'S NAME !!!!!!!!! 
Just got finished talking to some friends from YEARS ago lol .... It was fun :) I have a major headache from yelling on the phone though ! hahahaha Mary I am still dissapointed in u <_< haha jk jk ... well not really . Im hungry !!! GAH ... Hw ... bleh but 9:30 for school tomorrow ! YAY i can sleep in !!!! :) 
Had the best time at Melissa's! Haha first we went to Classic till 9:15 then we watched 2 movies(Flipper and Happy Feet ) then we had a pillow fight and talked ... But she had 2 help me cus i was shaking and felt horrible from the energy drinks ... then we got up and ate then went 2 the mall then we read ... I love her book that she's writing ! :D 
Stuck up for Mary ( one of my best friends :]) and chased this stupid kid named gabe today . Thinks he so tough when he ran away from me 5 times . HAH well he's going to be in so much trouble tomorrow . I will hurt him i dont give a damn if i get suspended . NOBODY hurts my friends or insults them ! He thinks its so funny to insult ppl well he needs a beating <_< 
Hmmmm DEBATE TIME ! We had this topic in Mrs. Jensens TA thing for 9th graders . Should your bosses or soon to be boss .... be able to moniter ur facebook ? Yes or No ? Why or Why Not ? I say Yes ! 
Is so tired I know why its cus Im emotionally drained Ive been holding it all in for the past 2 and a half weeks and It hurts more and more each day each day worse&worse . Drama is way worse . My temper ... is frustrating me ... Friends hurt or angry at me . Ugh idk how much of this i can take on I already feel like i want to give up on life but I cant I have to be here I have to do my job .. otherwise I dont deserve to be here . 
Reading the paper from Young Womens .... It makes me want 2 cry . I know i am forcing myself 2 believe nobody cares about me ... But this paper is proof and I WILL keep these words in my heart . I <3 you all to death . T.T .... Volleyball game tomorrow at 4:15 pm It'd be great for people to come watch Ur all an inspiration :) 
Each person that we interact with each day helps to shape our lives . Whether we realize it or not , we are affected by the good and the bad that comes from these relationships . Remember that we are all connected . Meh 2 of my friends have swine flu ... a 3rd might have it yet Im not sick at all 
Can you say ' Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled pepper , a peck of pickled pepper Peter Piper picked . If Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled pepper , wheres the peck of pickled pepper Peter Piper picked ' fast ? 
GAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH r u kidding me ?! Bleach doesn't go back to the fighting till 339 ! and It ends off with 226 i believe .... It has a major filler afterwards and relives most of the freaking past episodes ! I don't have time to wait for that crap ! Only like 1 new manga comes out every week .... Ugh unbelieveable and I'm done reading the latest manga which is Bleach 379 ... I hate how its so slow to make new ones <_< 
Did the stupidest things today . I accidentally ditched last period cuz i thought school was over , nobody told cuz i had my planner the entire time . also I accidentally hit a girl in the stomach with a frisbee today&almost hit Emily Keeter in the head a few times ! SORRY ! lol Ugh Cross Country 3 days a week&have to run 2 miles or more for practice . Ehhh Letting my negative thoughts take over my head , soul , and heart ... HELP ! 
Got invited to travel and study in Austria , Switzerland , France , and Italy In Summer 2010 ... Hopefully I can go and that it doesn't cost much . The only bad thing is i would probably miss Girls Camp .... Ehhh I have been playing rune scape all day without a break ... UGH now i have 2 take a break .. WOOHOO though .. I'm level 90 ! :D 
My mom just did the cards for me .... My life with friends ... is going to be so bad and I'm going to get hurt :( ..... Also I'm going to have a really bad health thing ... which is serious not minor which has to do with my destiny i think . Ughhh I know I'm moving too ... probably with my dad :( Some of my friends are being sneaky and acting a certain way towards me on purpose 
Know's this is random but ..... I'm always here for you no matter what , I'd risk my life for just your heart . I miss you when we can't talk . Your more then just another friend . Your my sister we are related by personality . I give advice at almost every hour , and prefer you not suffer . If someone breaks your heart ... Tell me ... I'll break their arm . <3 you ! lol created that :D 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO I LOST THE GAME ! I hate u sarah ! lol jk !!!! if u dont know what the game is thennnnnnnn : the game is a game where if u think about it u lose and to win you have 2 not think bout it .. but if someone loses they have 2 say they lost the game 2 everyone which makes them lose the game its fun lol 
Has had a really tough day almost cried in 6th and 7th period ... I honestly am sick of this .... I can't do this anymore and I give up . I am sick of being strong ... Mariah's right though ... I shouldn't listen 2 what ppl have to say ... Idk what 2 do or what exactly i'll do ... but i do kno what im doing tomorrow ... 
UGH Today i was so stressed out&to top it off I flipped out on my best friend cus I'm scared . I know she's not like my other friends . She was so pissed off .. & I can tell she was hurt . I only let out one tear over that my body wouldn't et them out . I feel extremely sad and guilty . Lord take me now X_X . Hp plays tonight I'm going at 7:40 pm . Today sucks . I h8te my life . F'ing drama!I'm so sorry Melissa .. Please forgive me . T.T 
Had an interesting day ... Ok so today i slept pretty much all day then I hung out at sammies with aly . before that i was hanging with Kas and Cassie outside for about 10 mins . I still have all my hw to do ! GAH ... Tomorrow will suck .... 
Fav . Quote ... : Fine I admit it ; i think of you every second of every day . You're my favorite subject to talk about . When I hug you I wish I could never let go . Most of all of my dreams have you in them . I always get excited when I see you again . <3 & im completely in love with you ..... Its also true haha ... Not telling who its about :D 
Thinks its awesome how Air Raid Anthem came to our school today ! They rocked and all of them were good looking lol ! Especially TJ ! Ughhhhh ... got into another major fight with Melissa .... My fault should have never even said anything .. but they were things that needed to be said ! My best buddy is sick :( 
It's hiding in the dark , it's teeth are razor sharp There's no escape for me , it wants my soul , it wants my heart No one can hear me scream , maybe it's just a dream Maybe it's inside of me , stop this monster-Skillet : Monster . Meh I'm in love yay :D I feel sooooooo happy ! hahaha Can't wait for school tomorrow :) 
Is so ******* pissed off ! I am almost shaking with rage . Kylie U know why ! And I swear if you call me a b **** again I will hurt you idfc if I get suspended ! Ur the b **** your giving ur heart away and dating a guy who chose you second ! How stupid can you get ?! Ugh 
Meh restarting the Bleach series I have gotten 2 #376 .... Im bored .. SO YAY ... Plus I forget some of it its HILARIOUS . U should watch it . Sometimes it has the best music 2 . But watch english dub its better .. until u have 2 watch english sub <_< 
Pain , without love , Pain Can't get eough , Pain I like it rough ' cause I'd rather feel Pain than nothing I'd rather feel Pain I know , I know , I know , I know , I know That you'r wounded You know , you know , you know , you know That I'm here to save you You know , you know , you know , you know I'm always here for you I know , I know , I know , I know That you'll thank me later ... I <3 THREE DAYS GRACE 
Meh I won't be posting anymore negative statuses ... They r personal . If u ever really want to know ask me ... if you don't then idc ... I need 2 tlk 2 a " friend " tomorrow <_< ... meh anyway I got skittles !!! THE RAINBOW !! :P 
Heres the rest of it : Ichigo : Yeah ? And what kind of rescuee complains about the rescue ?! Why don't you just go sit down and tremble in fear and cry out , ( in a high-pitched voice ) ' Save me , save me!' ( normally ) like you're supposed to ?! Rukia : I don't need to be saved ! And I DO NOT TREMBLE ! ( Ichigo sticks his tongue out at her ) 
Give it up my love accept this pain don't fight it and take that four letter word & throw it right back at me . I'm giving up my love you take the reins&ride it If there's one thing I'll never learn it's to BOW OUT GRACEFULLY ! Switch my stance pop my knuckles drama makes your knees buckle I'll hear your sad sob story then you'll be expecting sorry ! Consider this my apology a text message letter bomb SPECIAL DELIVERY ! -ARA 
Is so sick of pretending to be happy . It just makes things worse .. so Tuesday .. I'm going to start acting like the real me . Yeah sure I will let my friends try and help me ... even though I am SO stubborn .. at least try . Ugh school sucks , but Reality Town will be fun tomorrow ! Also from now on .. I will not lie at all .. 
Meh New Manga to love ! haha Death Note is absolutely amazing !!!! I went from 3 to 43 in a few hours ... so cool ! I think Light is awesome and L as well . :D Hmmm now I need to continue reading Fruits Basket and wait till tomorrow for Bleach 381 !!!! Also I need to finish up Death Note ... hmmm any other Manga/Anime recommends ? 
Tears screaming to escape . Pain flowing through my vains . Love dying in vain . Trust going down the drain . How can I let these feelings go away ? I'm too weak to try again ... I wrote that . YAY i got a cell phone : 801-759-2082 
UGH my siblings messed up my xbox 360 ! It won't read discs at all <_< They randomly just go in my room when I'm not around or when i don't know they r in there and play it .... This is why siblings suck . I hope I can find the Guarantee .... 
Sorry everyone .. But as of today I am not coming on fb anymore . I have had my heart .. well lets just say its gone . Ive hurt most of you way too much . I won't tlk 2 anyone at all so dont bother calling , emailing me ect . I will not answer I will not hug Don't bother asking why . Im really hurt right now .. and I destroyed someone elses heart . Im such a monster . Idc about myself anymore . Dont try 2 convince me 2 tlk it wont work </3 
Wow ..... I try and help someone and get turned down ... When I help is it really that bad ? :/ .... Be honest . Anyway I drank a energy drink today and I drank half of another 1 ... but then sammie dumped it on the ground ! Poor Poor drink ... Must have a funeral for it !!! haha jk 
Is so so so happy yet i feel completely guilty ! Melissa and I are friends again ! YAY . It was a huge fight too .... Meh at least I never cried today ! :) Thanks Mary for talking to us both and thanks to the rest of you that tried to make me feel better :) Love u all ! :D 
As long as you love me I'll stay by your side I'll be your companion Your friend and your guide . As long as you love me As long as you care I'll do anything for you I'll go anywhere . I'll bring you the sunshine I'll comfort your fears I'll gather up rainbows to chase your tears . As long as forever My love will be true For as long as you'll love me I'll only love you . :) 
I want you to love me , But I don't think you will . No matter How badly I desire to be with you . There are many unchangeable things in this world , and My love for you can't be changed by anyone . I long to tell you even If I'm scared of getting hurt . Putting these feelings into words is so scary . The happiness we chance upon in our lives can't be expressed into words . 
Awww .. Poor Ichigo his mother died .. well was murdered when he was little and blames himself .... XD XD XD Karin just kicked her dad down a major hill ! Wow ... I can be bipolar sometimes XD XD 
Don't you just hate it when people talk about you in a different language ? -_- ... cus my mom seems 2 always tell my entire family how bad I am <_< Stupid spanish ... Wish I could understand more . Ugh I really want 2 hang with all my friends :/ 
Told 3 more people today about 1 major reason I'm joining the army :/ Is it really that bad ? Need to find a anime character that I'm like for my name .. Bo's is L and Marissa's is Matt haha :D Death Note rules ... but Bleach Rocks !!! :D Dani thanks for making me laugh today when other's couldn't :) 
Is sooooooooooo happy :) I found out the best thing yesterday night/Early this morning . I am also confused and worried .... Meh ..... Dance tonight and Hangin with Mary sometime today :P 
Just got back from hanging out With Staunzie , Kyle and others ! We went to a haunted corn maze and we watched a movie called The Shortcut . Lol it was so fun ! We ran thru the haunted corn maze ... it freaked us out ! haha I got some awesome Light up glasses ! I had so much fun :) 
ROFL XD HAHAHAHAHAHA !!!! Tonight at YW's was soooo fun ! It was a stake thing and their was this pie eating contest and this dance thing ... I HAVE SO MUCH BLACKMAIL !!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA IT SO ROCKED ! I loved it :) . Sammie won first place when it was her turn ! WOOHOO ! It was so amazing ... I swear no words to describe it ! ROFL 
That's why we can only smile . Why we sing " Do Re Mi " among the vivid Autumn colors . With Winter at our backs , and Spring sunbeams peaking through the leaves ... And that's the most beautiful thing in the world . 
Ended up sobbing and crying after I said the closing prayer in young womens ... People came up to me and said it was one of the best prayers they have ever heard ... I said it from my heart . All that love and care combined with all my stress made me break down . But Yw's was awesome ... Thanks Everyone really :) 
Watched New Moon at exactly 4:05 pm today it ended at like 6:23 I think haha . I loved it to death especially Jacob ;) haha but the ending made me mad <_< ! Sooo much drama today and I'm sore from the weight room yesterday . Watching New Moon again with Sammie and Kassie tomorrow !!! YAY haha I have a energy drink too . Today sucked but Exploring Tech was ok . Didn't even bother trying out for basketball I suck . 
WooHoo ! HP 6 isa finally here ! well it will be on the 9th . Anyone want 2 watch with me ?! :D HAHAHAHAHAHA I CHUGGED A HUGE ROCKSTAR !!! MELISSA HELPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP X_X 
Have u ever been so hurt you couldn't be hurt anymore ? That you can't feel anything anymore ? I have ... now actually . I can't feel anything I feel lifeless . Idk how I'm feeling at all . Oh well I guess It's fine . I prefer not to hurt anymore anyways .. Just hopefully no more comes otherwise Idk what would happen to me entire being and control of emotions .. It somehow blocks it all out . Weird ... 
" We are taught never to shed tears . For to shed tears means that the body has been defeated by emotion . And , to us , that simple act of crying proves , without question , that the existence of emotion is nothing but a burden . " - Rukia from Bleach 
Loves how everyone just thinks they know me ... They have no clue what's going on in my mind .. In my heart ... Or even ... My most Passionate or even dark desires . I for 1 .... Will not ever show my true self even If sometimes It controls me . I know some of you have seen it . I am thinking so deeply right now . I wonder if I can get what I want in my mind ... 
Is about to explode .... I HAVE to keep it in .... Mariah I'm sorry for hurting you today ... Everyone I'm just sorry for anything I've done to you ..... Even so ... I don't deserve hearing these things ... so please .... don't do what your doing 
Has some new friends :) Of course I have lost some in the process but it's fine . I have stronger walls and my mind somehow blocks out any bad things .. So I can't feel anything at all sometimes . I prefer it that way . Anyway .. Which do you think I am ... Intellectual or Intelligent or Neither ? 
Wow .. He can make me smile constantly ... He can make me laugh ... He can make my heart lift and make me feel important ... but I can't like him ... So I have to hide it inside ... Along with all my pain . Why does he do this to me and my heart ? 
Just wanted to say ... that If anyone EVER needs help ... advice .. or just someone to listen . I'm here . I can help . I promise that I will never reveal any of your secrets or what you tell me not even to adults . I care deeply about everyone . I know most of you have problems your hiding inside .. let them out . Trust me ... I'll trust you . I love you all .... </3 
The Happiness is gone ... 1 day is all it took before it all came tumbling down . Wow ... Went from total happiness to completey normal all in a day .. I'm not smiling true smiles anymore .. not laughing anymore . I just scowl all day long 
Had a fun time today ... Marie was insane in gym which made me laugh a lot . Then Taylor , Destini , Ariel , and jeniffer made me laugh so much in math . Haha :) Just liking him more and more .. haha it's kind of cheesy how we say goodnight now . We basically talk all day :) 
Just got back from My aunts it took my mom 6 freakin hours to do her hair >:( !!! So much freaking drama with friends&I found it its just going to get way worse .. U ever lose 3 friends in 1 week ? Thinking about things that I really shouldn't be thinking of :( I <3 all my friends .. Btw 4 all of u who think Im going out with kylie .. IM NOT !!! I was comforting her .. she held my hand ... cus she was about 2 cry 
... The pain is getting worse and worse ... I spent endless hours playing grand theft auto to take my mind off everything and everyone ... it worked .. but then he texted me and the pain came crashing down on me .. Now It won't go away .. God .. why does it hurt so much ? :( My whole body hurts ... waiting to pass out ... waiting to die 
Found out the truth finally ... He doesn't like me more then a best friend . I always end up like Jacob . 5th broken heart . I can't even talk to a single person without hurting ... I'll get over this ... hopefully . Please .. mind I know your there .. Block this out along with everything else so I can't feel it anymore ... My hearts gone now ... Nothing left to break </3 
Has been practically Laughing , Blushing , and Smiling all day long .. even grinning !!! hahaha Not telling why :) Some drama involved with today but other then that it's all good . Lol I woke up this morning at 5 then once I was ready sang to Three Days Grace and was beyond happy !!!! Wow ... Huge difference :) 
Ugh .. I feel terrible . I have the flu . My entire body feels heavy . My body's on fire because of my fever . The pain is unbearable . I cried yesterday cus it hurt so much . My insides feel like they are being hit . All the physical pain along with my emotional pain is really bad . It's too much for me to handle . Why did I let some of my pain out .. I thought I was strong enough to deal with it .. Now I understand y it blocks it all out . 
Meh needs money to help my friend stop from moving :/ I need a lottttttt though so I am trying to think of a certain plan .. so I'm checking google . YAY ... lol Hmmm .... If i try though i might end up in jail lol oh well idc as long as she stays :P 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Light is dead :/ wow .... Death note is really cool . I wish the bad side would have won and then him die ... but nope . Meh .... Shocking really ... Now I just need to watch the anime ... then keep reading Bleach and re-watch it again and read more fruits basket :P 
Eh Still tired after 3 more hours of sleep ... still have homework . Meh Almost cried a few times today and I banged my head against my locker in gym at LEAST 20 times ... It hurt but it eased some pain . I've been a real jerk to friends ... Eh my emotions are enhanced tonight cus the full moon was 6 hrs and 6 mins ago ... Meh ... Thats what happens 2 cancers 
Btw everyone sorry to say but ... my phones off !!!! :( so sorry If I haven't been texting ... 
Is going to have the best weekend ever ! Huge party tonight and a stake dance saturday ! Thanks Sammy for making my weekend good :) I really want my best friend to go but her parents wont let her :( Psh melissas making a huge deal out of me being there when i wont even tlk 2 her she should go for sammy . I know ill be happy tonight ... AND HYPER !!! :D 
Going to see New Moon tomorrow at 4:05 . Eh ... My mom yelled at me .. cus She got a ticket for a guy friend she met on the inernet .. It pissed me off .. I don't want ANYONE replacing my dad no matter what .. and He's apparently going to sit by us .. idk if he's going anymore tho ... my mom got sooooooooo mad at me .. :( I cried a little but im ok 
The Happiness is gone ... 1 day is all it took before it all came tumbling down . Wow ... Went from total happiness to completey normal all in a day .. I'm not smiling true smiles anymore .. not laughing anymore . I just scowl all day long . Now he blames himself .. when really .. it's all MY fault 
Is sick ughhhhhhhhhhhh I was sick last week too !!!! Dang ... I wonder if my fever ever went away . At least I'm sick before christmas break instead of after !!! I feel like passing out haha ... Ah well text me ! 801-759-2082 .... Have to build my dream home for exploring tech on the sims 2 later :) ! Fun Time : * draws smiley with sunglasses , eyebrow raised and tongue out * How you doin ... BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA 
Meh internet , phone , cell phone , cable ... all back on except the stupid thing is that my dad got all the cheap plans cus his work is dumb and doesn't pay him overtime and he doesn't take anything to court even when he got punched in the eye by some guy <_< soooo much drama but thats for me to know isnt it ? 
Lost 5 friends in 1 week wow New Record . Oh well I guess I'll get over it . Why did It have to snow ? I hate it . Meh 3 day week and Thanksgiving this week ! haha :) Watched the Music Awards The Black Eyed Peas were horrible .. Lost the Final season starts Tuesday .. too bad I need 2 watch season 5 first . Saw The movie L Change The World It was so awesome !!! Im going to watch Death Note and Death Note II next !!! :D 
You tear me down and then you pick me up . You take it all and say its not enough . you try to tell me you can heal me . But i'm still bleeding and you'll be the death of me . - Death of me by Red 
I LOST THE GAME 
POKEMON RULES !!!! :D Eating Pizza , Drinking coke , Listening to music , Waiting for the new Bleach chapter , Singing , Admiring my new profile pic . Christmas sucks but meh It's been an okay day !!! :P Talked to my favorite people today and before you ask no I will not tell you who they are :) ~ I Miss You <3 ~ 
Wow ... he might like me .. but Idk .. My friend likes him too .. she liked him first .. she can have him . I'll be alright .. Always turn out like that 
........................ Some of you Know What I'm going to do ... Just ... No comment 
MERRY CHRISTMAS !!! I LOVE YOU ALL AND AM SO GRATEFUL FOR EVERYONE :D . Share the joy , and love !!! 
........... Oh great .... She's treating me the same way melissa did when we were fighting .. what did i do wrong ?! She says she isn't like melissa ... but will it turn out the same ? If it does ... No more Young Womens for me ... 
Having a hard time keeping all my pain inside ... Talking to my favorite person ^^ ... WATCHING BLEACH , Rocking out to japanese music ... lol a good day :) 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO I lost the game X_X 
Pissed off and Sad all at once ... My parents need to lay off . Having problems helping ppl ..... I have to do my best tho ... waiting for the new chapter of Bleach .. Wondering what to eat :/ ... Have a good day everyone 
Lost it .... I'm sorry sammy ... I wish I could help so bad ... No more tears ... I ended up screaming at myself and " god " . Never again .. Im in control now 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone !!!! I am so grateful beyond words for each and every single one of you . Even those who are mad at me , Hate me , are no longer friends with me . I am grateful for all the memories I have with you all . I love all of you . Thanks for standing by me in the worst of times . I will be happier for you all . I promise with all my heart , soul , and being . 
Reading " A Bend In The Road " It's an amazing book ! So sweet and romantic . Nicholas Sparks is a great author !!! Halfway done with it :) 
Bleh Just barely ate today but I still haven't slept at all . Stupid pacer ... I only ran 18 cus I didn't have enough energy to run more . Almost passed out/went into shock .. Glad I didn't though . Apparently my eyes were bloodshot yet Only 1 of my friends noticed :/ . Bwahaha Love ya Pipsqueak , thanks for paying attention ! :P 
XD 2010 isn't so bad so far . I've been texting Mariah and she's been getting me all hyper haha . Poor Sammy and Ariel have to deal with it lol . School Monday ! I can't wait !!! 
Is so excited to go see Harry Potter and The Half-Blood Prince at 3:10 AM ! I am so tired though I haven't been able 2 sleep so I ended up falling asleep at 5:00 pm . Meh don't text me because my phone is off ! 
Very excited for Girls Camp next week . Also I am most likely going to the Depeche Mode concert . I'm going to try and convince my dad to take me to The Killer's concert . Thinking deeply about everything . Somehow I am a very changed person , on the inside . C 
Nearly cried today twice ... Had to hold back my tears . It was from reading " The Outsiders " even tho I read it in 7th grade .. It's sad :( . My eyes hurt today really bad cus I keep reading so much . Then I almost crashed in 6th period . The basketball game sucked lol Catherine , Candace , and I were just talking the entire thing . I want to vent to 2 people ... but I can't ... not enough time and it isn't the same in text oh well . :( 
Self Esteem has lowered even further if possible .. all because of my mom . I don't feel confident anymore ... and now she has convinced me that I won't get good grades . Am I really that bad ? :/ ..... Stupid parents ... Now I went from Happy to depressed all over again . Luckily my friends can help with that . Eh .... I guess the only reason I have a bad life is so I can learn from it , and experience it and Grow up faster . 
Finished the book last night :) It was so great but sad , romantic , and funny . I got GTA IV today ... It really sucks . I still prefer GTA San Andreas the best :) Would have beaten that 1 already but I'm having trouble with the mission to get your flying liscense X_X 
95% of teens would have a mental breakdown if EDWARD CULLEN was standing on top of a skyscraper a bout to jump . Copy and paste if youre the 5% percent who brought popcorn and is yellin " Do a flip !! " 
WOO HOO !!!! NEW YEARS EVE TODAY ! HAPPY NEW YEARS :) Playing GTA IV ! 2010 is going to rock ! Some of you know why ;) lol Can't wait till the end of March/April !!! Let's make this year an awesome one everyone !!! :D XD XP :) :P :D >:) >:D 
Hates school , I pretty much only like Science ... Mrs. Coates is so cool . I feel betrayed , but it doesn't matter . My happy mood totally sunk ... 
Is so pissed off at people who laugh at emo's heck that emo song sucks cuz it makes fun of us ! Most of u think we want attention , well NEWS FLASH real emo's were born with it ! We can't change that , and everyone thinks medication will just make it go away . Well it won't I've tried it ! So get a life if u hate us , because compared to freakin preps we actually care more about others more then ourselves ! So F U if u disagree ! 
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimErRy ChRiStMaS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I am so grateful for all of you ! Your the best gift I can ever get ! Love you all !!!! <3 
Ugh so tired today , the stake dance was so cool ! Better then school dances . I might just play Fable 2 all day today and try to get every achievement . Meh .... Sunday sucks . School tomorrow ! X_X .... Well yeah ... PEACE 
Dang ... my only two future choices are cut off now .. looks like I'll just have to go for my new option which is my only one . Not smart enough to go to college , can't join the army cus of friends , and other option ... I had to promise not to . Dang Somehow I'm hoping the world ends in 2012 
Haven't been on in a while since my mom screwed up our computer -_- .... haha friday was awesome sammys party was insane but awesome !!! saturday the stake dance was the bomb of course it was at my church ;) ! Can't wait till I move to vegas soon !!! A few months hopefully . don't kno for sure yet money problems :( 
Eh today was .... ok . Lunch was just painful though I hate reliving memories . My mom blamed me for her and my dads problems in their relationship ... can't help but think it's true ... Went and saw one of My all time favorite people today . They sang :P haha . I fell in snow on my way back home . I'm going to stop acting so childish ... enough jokes I'm growing up . 
HAPPY NEW YEAR !!! WOO HOO !!! Lol this year will have to be the best year ! Just beat GTA IV yesterday !! Only took hmm 2 days ? maybe less . Went an entire day without sleep then crashed for about 14 hours ! :P BWAHAHAHAHA may your year be insanely crazy and a good 1 ! <3 Love you all !!! 
Almost done reading ..... I want to cry ... it's so sad ... I can't help but feel sorry for them .. I also wonder ... If someone killed the people I love ... would I want to kill them too .. or feel sorry for them and let it go no matter how much it hurt ...? I beat COD4 today ... so easy .. 
Yesterday at Basketball was fun except Hailey&I did practically all the work . I've hurt really badly since Monday .. I quit " cold turkey " . I don't feel useful anymore I'll deal with it . I can already predict how some things are going to end up . All my emotions r inside .. except Anger sorry if I have made any of you angry . Had ASD 4 b4 and after school today .. hopefully i wont be in too much trouble . Doctors on the 4th . 
Has major issues , I was SOOOOOOOOOOOO Hyper last night XD ! Ask Sammy and Amanda and Melissa if u want ! hahahaha I killed 800 chickens on rune scape in 1 hr . Plus i was drinking soda ...... Oh ... GYAH ... there were 3 guys flirting with me , fighting over me and asked me out yesterday night ... or was that at 1AM ? idk ... but one of em asked something inappropriate and another wouldn't shut up -_- 
So sick of everything ... losing my temper constantly .. I can only cry 3 or 4 tears now . My hope is broken I just need them back ... then it'll be fixed . Basketball game at my church tomorrow at 5 come support ! Church across from Edgemont the one without the ball park . Idk who to trust anymore .... Give me a reason to trust you . I've been hurt enough to be careful .... 
At sammys hanging out , we just saw the sickest video and I do NOT recommend it . Basketball was horrible ... We got laughed at and I fell alot . I got so pissed off and hit a door twice . Bwahahaha got in trouble and i'm probably grounded but yay ! I had a lot of fun today all thanks to sammy and ilysa . :D !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
WOOHOO best time ever at the stake dance ! I got asked to dance but declined and peter tried 2 force me 2 . LOL also peter was waltzing . I am so going to the next 1 ! Plus the halloween dance at school . If anyone wants 2 come I can bring 1 extra person 2 it with me ! haha next 1 is October 24th ! I am so tired though ! :D 
I have a Rockstar .... Triple Strength Triple Size ... Serving size of 3 . 24 fl/oz . Most powerful energy drink ... Not smart Mom and Dad . Psh that is why U don't get me them . I nearly passed out from drinking 2 ! ughhhhh this won't be pretty and Melissa's not here 2 force water down my throat . 
Okay .... Eh I wanted to take some of my anger out so yea .... TWILIGHT VS HP DEBATE #2 ! Again u all only like Twilight for the damn characters that aren't real ! None of you Twilight fans can actually have any other reason to like it ... I'm a HP fan . What's your opinion ? Meh All u Twilight fans ... do us all a favor and burn the stupid books !!!!!! 
Everything is going wrong . Ah well I have plans . Lost too many friends to count . I showed Chantel my true self and it ruined everything . Won our basketball game today yay .. Only Hailey and I showed up then becky . Maybe I'll transfer schools to get away from everything ? I need a fresh start before its too late to do anything . Bleach is awesome and getting so intense ! I lost the game X_X 
Is really sick of falling in love ... Why must I have a heart ? Why do I have to care about everyone ? 5 days is all it took ... Wow .. Anyway .. Sundays are soooo boring . At least my aunts coming over tonight !! It'll be fun :) . Meh If anyone wants to talk to me .. 801-759-2082 
... Why do murders , abuse , all those bad things .. why do they have to happen ... to exsist ... I have to help them ... even if I get hurt or killed ... I WILL PROTECT MY FRIENDS ! 
YAY dislike button ! lol ... Had to stay home today again cus of my fever :/ It keeps getting higher then decreasing and then increasing again . Meh Watching Bleach allllllllllllll day today 
.. I saw you and my will slipped away .. my will to hate forever taken 
away . I can't hate you .. I'll always love 
you no matter how much of me you kill .. Next time ... I won't look away .. I 
won't sneak looks .. I'll hold you and never let you go .. I'll fix it .. I 
have to keep you here with me .. cus soon you'll be gone & I need to 
have my time before you leave and take my will to live with you .. <3 I 
love you . 
Wishes she'd go to girls camp , I'll never see her again ... My last chance to see my best friend has burned to ashes . </3 
* jumps in joy * YAY apparently we did SO well today that there is no musical rehearsal tomorrow morning ! First performance on tuesday .... I am so excited ! Good job cast and techies ^^ 
Eh HS kinda sucks ._. I'm excited for Psychology . Trying to figure this out .... It's killing me till I find it out x.x I have to think so much . But I will do anything to figure it out . 
Hung out with Andrei from 6:30 p.m. till like 10:30 ! It was fun :) He stole my jacket , I stole his bwahahahaha . He owned me at cod when we played with my siblings x.x , but I owned him the first time ! ( P.S. we are not dating , just friends ) . Sick of everyone saying crap about my best friend , from now on you'll get bitched out so back off haters ! >:( 
Eh things changed when school started ... Oh well I still love her and miss her . Nothin ... http://chatter.com/a/hp9o2?ref=nf 
WTF ?! Skyward down for maintenance till the 23rd ?! Dude I wanna know my schedule ! You have got to be kidding me ! >:( 
hanging out with aly and planning for the major day today . Cod and Halo Tournament ! It's gonna be a blast :) 
If 
i where to die tomorow what would be something u'd always wanted to tel 
me inbox me then post this as your status and c what u get 
Thinks people that judge need to grow up . There is such thing as a second chance . There is more to a person that first impression . If we all judged the world would have no chance . We need more people that attempt to understand . 
F my life x.x Damn COD 4 MW 2 is hard online on the PS3 . On the bright 
side I am now a captain I after a day and 55 mins . :D PARTY TOMORROW CAN'T WAIT !!!! 
Was hoping I'd get to see her today but no . Every time I have such hope It gets crushe ... http://chatter.com/a/i6eyx?ref=nf 
Happy Birthday Eminem ! :D < You're Mine3 
Fb\n 
Playin cod :) Hmmm text me : 8 oh 1-8 two 8-8 o 8 nine . Ask questions :P http://chatter.com/a/iup0n?ref=nf 
<3 I love you :) http://chatter.com/a/ltr3y?ref=nf 
" Cross my heart and hope to die 

Please stick a needle in my eye 
To keep me blinded to the sight 
When PunkinHed appears tonight " 
Eh falling in love sucks oh well idc being friends is better than nothing at all , I wi ... http://chatter.com/a/gmyk6?ref=nf 
Just wrote my sappiest most love filled poem yet XD 
" Worrying does not empty tomorrow of its troubles , it empties today of its strength " - Mary Englebreit . Excited for Friday , had a good day :) I love my friends <3 ! Falling deeper and deeper in love after almost 3 years :) I love you . Homework x.x But i wanna play cod ... Hmmm Homework for .... 12 AM ! :D 
Death is life's way of saying " you're fired " suicide is your way of saying " I quit " . You know it hurts like hell so when you reach the top ... just throw yourself off . My heart was just another toy to chuck around like a frisbee , just another organ for you to fuck up . Sex is like math + the bed - the clothes  the legs and hope you don't x ! 
Trek next week :) Created a website for my friends and I . My best friend basically rip ... http://chatter.com/a/a7ceu?ref=nf 
A POLL !!! Which Ice cream : Chocolate , Vanilla , or Peppermint <_< 
Just realized how long my name is XD Idc though because they are names given to me by people I love :) Thanks you guys <3 you ! Eh didn't go to the concert like I wanted but its okay . Had an awesome day with my mom :D 
I LIKE TO MOVE IT , MOVE IT I LIKE TO MOVE IT , MOVE IT I LIKE TO MOVE IT , MOVE IT WE LIKE TO MOVE IT ! XD Escape The Fate 
Does anyone know where the stake dance is tonight and when it starts ? \n<You're Mine3 
Thinks child abuse should stop , but changing your profile pic won't do anything to help -_- 
ok ??????? Apparently I answered a question about cooking earlier today ??? But I haven ' ... http://chatter.com/a/klv81?ref=nf 
Only took me half an hour but nobodys here that i know -.- 
So guess what idiot messed up her hand punching a punching bag ? I did . My knuckles were bleeding as well as some fingers and a knuckle is bruised ... FML 
Falling for this guy ... hard :) <3 
Dance was fun yesterday . learned i can't dance worth anything x.x can't wait for the pictures . saw old friends that i still miss it was good to see them . wish my best friends could have been there tho . oh and i did something stupid :/ 
Just realized ..... I am 100% Liberal XD at least i think it's 100% .... O.o 
Hehehehe 2 more days till her birthday ! Bwahaha She's going to hate me for spending so much money XD 
Eh FBLA , DECA , the musical , and debate x.x I'm so gonna be stressed this year http://chatter.com/a/lgz2w?ref=nf 
So tired >_< Must sleep .... so glad there is no rehearsal tomorrow 
Had a dream about Cod4 Mw2 and another one that somehow related to Alice In Wonderland ? Wtf XD I think I am too addicted to Cod . Hmmm Very sore idk why . My shoulder and hand are all messed up x.x Have to wait till 3 to go on Cod <_< 
Bleach was amazing ! Ichigo is totally going to kick Aizen's ass !!!!!!!!! Good job last ... http://chatter.com/a/j2yu9?ref=nf 
Birthday today , 15 yay . Except no money so no presents and no fun day . :P http://chatter.com/a/c8bh8?ref=nf 
Fuck her .... I can't care anymore ... Bleh giving a friend a " note " tomorrow ... Good job today choir , I love that song . Lagoon tomorrow , hangin with friends thursday , and sammy's party friday plus hangin with daisy ... week full of fun ! :D Let's smile and hide the darkness for a while ... 
If you think I'm cute , like this status . If you love me put a ? If I am your friend put a :) If you want to go out with me out a :D If you miss me put a :/ If you ever had a crush on me put an XD ... if your not scared post this as your status :p 
If you " like " this status I will post something on your wall I like 
about you . Put this as your status if you want a challenge . 
Anyone going to the jordan game that i can get a ride with ? .  . 
Aly and I at the stake dance :D : http://lnk.ms/C2FrX 
Have to stay home tomorrow .... still have a fever and possibly stomach flu . :/ i hate being sick\n<You're Mine3 
Ugh why does everyone think that over text i'm being mean ?! I hate it . Maybe if you think that I just won't text anymore if I'm being mean I'll put an exclamation point in or tell you . I honestly am sick of hurting people without even actually hurting them . I'm definetely not telling ppl things anymore . 
So close to the end ... It makes me sad but the outcome will be great ! Cannot wait for Sammy's party on the 4th it'll be AMAZING !!!! Found my 6th grade yearbook , trying to reconnect with friends :) It almost made me cry . I miss 6th grade !!! Anyway lazy sunday = the best but boring . 
Thinking about writing more poetry ... What do you guys think ? :) 
SUCCESS !!!! Finally . I had a 5 on my essay for L.A. and I got it to a 6 ! Holistic score : 6 , Focus and Meaning : 6 , Content and Developement : 5.4 , Organization : 5.4 , Language Use , Voice , and Style : 6 , and Mechanics and Conventions : 5.8 . It's amazing ! No errors either , at all . I'm proud of myself . 6 out of 6 ! YAY :D School tomorrow , wearing a dress and makeup ;) 
Sad :( sam doesn't like my little voice\n<You're Mine3 
OMG my sword is A-M-A-Z-I-N-G ! I love it ! It's taller than me tho :( My clothes are cool too . I'm going to look great saturday ;) Heck yes ! The party will be the best :D 
Debating with Andrei about communism :) 
Hell yes birthday party tomorrow at 6:30 , it's going to be A-M-A-Z-I-N-G ! ;) http://chatter.com/a/e28br?ref=nf 
Watched remember me and cried again :( damn its so sad . of course cus emile de ravin was in it i now have to re watch all lost episodes .  . \n Save Me 
Ugh I just ran more than half of 13th east to the light without water real stupid of me . Bleh spanish final is kinda tough . On the bright side Mr. Critchlow gave us ALL the answers for the geography final :D . The performance tonight by Choir and Band was amazing ! Good job Chantel , Sammy , Marie , Emily , Catherine , Gail , Gaige , Kylie , Amy , and all those who participated ! 
Q : What is the last movie you saw that made ... A : Hmmmm The Women XD : http://lnk.ms/C5Xxr 
Found out I PWN at One In The Chamber :D Watch out black ops player I'm good and getting better ;) 
D: she killed the kitty ! the poor kitten :( noooooo what a jerk x.x \nINeedUInMyArms 
Had no idea you could miss someone so god Damn much :/ \n<You're Mine3 
Working on that new poem , it might take a while but it'll be worth it . Anybody have any idea's of something they'd like to see me write about ? Hmmm I wanna play with fireeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee x.x thanks steph ! lol ^^ 
Halloween party was AMAZING ! :D I had a blast ! Haha I wore a dress and make up , I would wear it to school sometimes but .... It is a little too short :) 
Omg ! Rehearsal just ended i am so exhausted\n<You're Mine3 
... Stupid anonymous people on myyearbook .... 
She can't see this lol but HAPPY BIRTHDAY MARIAH !!!! :D haha Today has kinda sucked btw > < 
Bored , text me I have verizon now ( mssg me for the number ) :P bwahahaha . Btw if anyone ... http://chatter.com/a/ft3kr?ref=nf 
Completely obsessed with Cod4 Mw2 x.x Almost to 70 just need about 20 more levels afte ... http://chatter.com/a/eii88?ref=nf 
.... crying myself to sleep :/ so stressed and now i have family problems too ... Why must i be in the middle of everything .... \n<You're Mine3 
-/-/ 10 :D bwahahahahaha 
Rereading your texts over and over again .... you lied ... did you ever care ? Our friendships broken and soon itll be over ... 3 more days ... Excited for tomorrow ... but I'll probably cry everyday . All my best friends are getting taken from me . High school ... here we come I need more friends to tlk to about anything ... If not . I'll find a way to be strong . Depression ... I'll win . 
._. omg I stopped breathing for like a minute over a text x.x 
Having an amazing night . Sam's party has been fun . I'm amazingly happy even tho my stomach kills . I love M . Yesterday at classic was fun . Can't wait till Next saturday for a party . Stake dance tomorrow yay . My friends are awesome love ya guys ! 
Kinda tired but bored . Ask questions please :) http://chatter.com/a/ips50?ref=nf 
School's almost over finally ! http://chatter.com/a/8xli7?ref=nf 
Gah x.x i have a feeling i'm going to be doing a LOT of work for the musical since i show up most often :/ so stressed 
About to get asked out :P 
ZUMIEZ COUCH TOUR TOMORROW ! Hell I'm excited and I get to hang with friends then I hav ... http://chatter.com/a/a7cug?ref=nf 
Was way depressed ... Thanks Sammy and Steph I love ya both <3 Thanks for being there . I owe you :D . I feel better somewhat 
if you think im CUTE press LIKE ! (: i dare u to post this . see how many people think u ... http://chatter.com/a/aaomp?ref=nf 
.  . I just bleached my gray pants x.x eh screw that i'm not living alone when i'm 18 so who's taking me in ? Lol\nEscape The Fate 
Had the BEST time ever today !!! Well at the 
Zumiez Couch Tour anyway . I love you just surrender and Hit The 
Lights !!!! ANOTHER band is playing at a park tomorrow ppl should 
come ! It's at 6 . The band is called Maker . 550 N 3500 W West Point , 
Utah 84015 . EVERYONE should come . :) I got a cd and autographs today 
?! 
I love Escape The Fate !! http://chatter.com/a/afrbq?ref=nf 
Joy .... getting in a fight for my birthday . I wont let my friends get involved and ther ... http://chatter.com/a/bt8dn?ref=nf 
Hates my mom ... Not going on Trek . She REFUSES to help me . I can't do it all on my own and I can't believe I'm crying over it . I lost my temper . Ugh ... Sometimes I just want to run away . 
So I just started a poke war with ALL but 43 of my friends ? O.o .... ADDICTION ! 
Had a fun night with Ilysa and Aly :D " I don't go back after I door bitch " " XD door bi ... http://chatter.com/a/andex?ref=nf 
.... The Texas chainsaw massacre ..... is scary .... 
Oh fun ... 1 day till my birthday and I lose 2 friends . I'm sick of this shit . My self-esteems gone and you wonder why ? I'm hating myself because I can't be accepted for who I am ! I have to hide myself . Not going to yws or Girls camp because of Ilysa and Sammy have a good life . Watched Remember Me .... never cried over a movie so much . Ugh I can't trust anyone anymore . Everyone stabs me in the back or ditches me anyway . 
New Playlist check it out :P Ask questions . Tired x.x and bored . http://chatter.com/a/j5ibn?ref=nf 
Feel's stupid . I cried a little in 7th period because im so overwhelmed and felt depressed . One reason is it finally hit me that school's almost over and everything's going to change .. I'm about to lose pretty much all my best friends . Bleh . If you can please read and review my article it'd mean a lot . Thanks 
F Life -_- My phone broke . So if you wanna tlk u gotta call my house number which is in my info tab on my profile . Trek at 6:30 ehhh gotta take a shower at 3 . Why can't we have music ? T.T Had a great night with Ilysa , sammy , and Aly even tho she left . I found a way to cope but its a secret ;) . I <3 my friends . I'm always here for you . 
Internets on !!! a lot of stuff going on but I can deal with it . For some reason I don't feel comfortable being around ppl or even talking anymore . I'm closed off now , I don't open up . My other side has gained control . Found out my article won't be in the school paper because it doesn't fit in with everything else ... Maybe I should write about things more important than trying to help ppl with drama and rumors ? 
Has decided that instead of whining about not getting my article in the school paper I will place it somewhere more important ... the INTERNET . BWAHAHAHA Also , I will design a website for students to place articles they write for people all over the world to read and review . Birthdays soon ... well The 29th of June anyway 
Q : What's your idea of a good party ? A : Hmmmm amazing music , a good laugh , dancin ... : http://lnk.ms/C7xgN 
-_- * to do list * lose voice by singing for hours .... CHECK 
The Zumiez Couch Tour was AMAZING ! The bands were awesome ! I <3 just surrender & Hit T ... http://chatter.com/a/aa964?ref=nf 
Has decided to leave fb up for family since they only have fb :) eh you can keep me as a friend on fb everyone but don't expect to tlk to me on here or anything . 
Sammy's Party today , cleaning , possibly hanging out with Isis , Hanging out with Daisy . Hell of a day !!!! :) Wish I could say goodbye , but it would only hurt more . Peace . <3 
New poem as of last night , in my notes . Check it out ? :) 
I hate how I have to be a fake on facebook , because everyone will judge me if I be myself ... I can be myself on myyearbook ... and I love that >_< 
moving today :( saying goodbye really f-ing sucks . Stake dance tonight ... going to party as much as i can 
Had a sleepover at Sam's house then went to see here at a karate challenge then we all went to IHOP ! I loved it ! " I didn't know sherlock holmes was a guy !. Where's aunt Jackie ? Uh .. she's practicing her pole dancing !. I'm so devious in my own mind ! Your own mind ? Who's mind are you usually in ?! Awww you looked so cute as a baby ... what happened ? " XD 
Hates getting emotional over movies , do I really have to care SO much ? Lost finale was ... http://chatter.com/a/9ejfq?ref=nf 
Hmmm young womens tonight . BBQ for the my maids . Why the hell am I going if I'm atheis ... http://chatter.com/a/bnah7?ref=nf 
Ask me questions if you have any I'm not afraid to answer :) If you need anyone to tal ... http://chatter.com/a/k8hv6?ref=nf 
7 more days till i'm 15 ! :D Hung out with Aly today it was fun . Starting to read books by Ellen Hopkins . Reading a manga called Absolute Boyfriend I <3 it ! Bwahaha a challenge reading 21 books in 2 weeks ... HAH nevermind not a challenge It'll take me a week at the most . Bleach is getting so interesting ! A final GT and Gin may die dun DUN DUN !!! Can't wait for the BBQ at young women's tomorrow :) 
Bleach and Naruto are amazing !!! http://chatter.com/a/k6h62?ref=nf 
Writing a new poem .... 
Talking to some guys on myyearbook ;) haha It's amazing how many friend's I have on there ... Instead of just tlking to those who tlk to me I'll go on and actually tlk to everyone . Eh .... really craving something unhealthy but addicting 
Also ... sick of friends being abused .. I'M LOSING hope just by hearing it . If I ever witness another friend get hit ... I'll step in the middle and take all the fucking hits . I'll protect them with my life , my heart .. what's left of the real me . Die you abusers and go rot in hell . 
XD APPARENTLY I SEEM TO HAVE LOST MY SANITY .... ANYBODY KNOW WHERE IT WENT ?! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA SHELL HAS LOST HER MARBLES ! NOOOOOOOOOOOOO BLEACH ISN'T OUT YET T.T 
Just found out that the trek fireside is tomorrow , eh nobody tells me anything x.x . Blah still being impatient for my sword . Tired , bored , hungry , sore . Can't wait for Step Up 3D , HP 6 , Fable III , and Halo : Reach . Emotions are running high , how much longer can they stay stable and unnoticable ? 
Didn't get to say goodbye ... Cried a lot after school and sobbed quietly ... I miss her already and there's a huge hole left with pain ... I wish we could stay friends ... I'll always remember her and never forget her . I miss you Chantel :'( ... Have to hold in the tears ... I'm home ... 
I used to think I was just afraid of heights ... but then I met you ... Now ... I'm afraid of losing you ... <3 I love you . 
Is it weird that i take no pleasure in talking to people anymore ? :/ 
If you had to give up one sense , which one would you give up ? I choose ... Smell :P 
Blah bored ask questions ? http://chatter.com/a/ly0ug?ref=nf 
Just got back from Sammy's party . Ilysa , Kyra , Keziah , and I all stayed up till 7 then crashed . We made a video that's a hour and 20 minutes long XD it's the best but not church , or school appropriate :) It was the best . " I'll tie you to a radiator and grape you !! " " You cunt muffin ! " " BWAHAHAHAHA " XD 
LOCATION : Fashion Place 6191 S State St Murray , UT 84107 . ZUMIEZ COUCH 
TOUR !!! 12-6 try and go !!! I'll be there 1:30 or a little later then 
that :D FREE CHIPOTLE AND MATADOR AND MONSTER !! EVERYTHINGS FREE . ( Not in the zumiez store , in the parking lot ) 
Hanging out with Sam :) school was wayyyyy too long today > < 
Birthday soon ! Having a major party July 16th or 17th idk which yet what do you think ? I have some fun ideas planned but I need more so give me some ideas ppl ! What do you like to do ? Btw for my birthday party everyone's invited . 
3 new bands :D RED , SafetySuit , and Dead By April . They are awesome !!!! 
Oh btw I LOST THE GAME 
Hmmm :) In the end ... everything is worth it . The troubles , the pain , the stress . It's all worth it , because at the end of the day ... Talking to you makes all my pain except missing you go away <3 
Geez .... Nobody look at my wall posts with Aly and Steph XD XD XD HAHAHAHAHAHAHA 
Damn computer so I close the program and you work again ? -_- Aly I know your not dead you cannot guilt trip me so i win !!!!!!!!!! BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA ... QUESO 
" Dear lord how am i supposed to use these ?.... AHHH !!. I will master you ! AH ! " XD love ya Marissa ! Hung out with Marissa and Sammy today , hung out with Sammy and Ilysa yesterday and Ilysa on saturday . Went and saw The Last Song ... SO SAD !!! I cried . It's way cute too . Birthday in 8 days and Birthday party on the 17th of July can't wait ! Best week of my life :) 
Should sleep but doesn't want to .. eh can't sleep till at least 7 a.m. or not at all :/ http://chatter.com/a/d6637?ref=nf 
Feels way sick i have a fever :( \n<You're Mine3 
If i dug a hole , and called it love . 
Would you fall in it with me ? 
Not impressed with Ecplise , completely boring except for the fighting scene which was rushed through . She's so cliche in her writing . Way excited for Step Up 3D and HP 7 . Watched How To Train A Dragon . It was great and cute ! Had an amazing birthday thanks to those who love me , and my friends I hung out with ^^ The 2 girls didnt show up to fight . Cowards . 
... Google ... is ... broken ..... NOOOOOOOO !!!.... This means one thing .... The end is near ! D: 
Party is on :D July 17th is the birthday party :) . 6:30 p.m. is when it starts . You can bring up to 2 people with you but you have to tell me who they are . Please tell me before hand if you are coming . It'll be at 9824 S Flint Dr. Not inside the church , at the paviolion by it . Blah still have to find out what to do for music :/ . Anyone is welcome to come as well :D 
Eh so much going on . Talking to her is helping , I'm truly sorry for hurting her so fucking badly . I'm actually looking forward to fighting on my birthday . A friend is trying to stop me from fighting which is bad cus then i'd just let them hit me . Birthday in 3 days . No money tho so my birthday will suck . Can't wait for Fable III it sounds awesome ! :D 
Anyone want to hang for my birthday ?... I know for a fact I'm not doing anything or getting anything since my dads broke and won't go get a job . " Does rap(wrap ) have an e at the end ? " - Sammie Hansen . Haha . 
Hey more news about my party : I have amazing music but you are very welcome to bring your own ipod ! Hell yes ! Techno = The Bomb 
<3 singing 
" Go to the facility if you need to .. whatever makes it so you can handle things again .. and stay with me .. Just scared to death to lose you .. Cause your the person that's closest to me " .. LIES . I fell into your trap . I let you use me . You showed me you cared you actually hugged me , were close to me ... I wanted that . Now you left and I'm left with NOTHING . 
U JUST DON'T GET IT DO U ? I'M NOT STUCK HERE WITH U . YOU'RE STUCK 
IN HERE WITH ME . I kissed ur lips , u pulled my hair , it was the 
craziest thing i love the girls who love to hate . Yes , I will see u 
through the smoke and flames On the front lines of war And I will stand 
my ground until the end till we conquer them all Oh So I will fight my 
battle till I fall and I conquer them all till we conquer them all .. ETF ! 
Andrei go online ! <.< \nI miss you </3 
I Miss You </3 . 
Hmmmm have to make a major decision before january . Go to vegas with my dad and his 23 year old gf , or stay with my mom and my annoying siblings ? Hmmm what's your opinion stay or go ? And please be honest with at least some LOGIC in your answer . 
Bored , if you ever want to chat just tell me and I'll go on . Other wise just text me t ... http://chatter.com/a/adffq?ref=nf 
takin it easy after surgery . http://chatter.com/a/m9h25?ref=nf 
just changed a diaper for the first time x.x haha babysitting my cousins and playing cod4 mw2 with my headset 
Sammy's party was amazing ! Ilysa , Kyra , Keziah , and I all stayed up till 7 & were bein ... http://chatter.com/a/9wz93?ref=nf 
Alright so while I totally kick but on cod , let's have a debate :D .... The death penalty . For or Against and why . 
Eat , drink & be merry- tomorrow you may be in utah . XD i love that!\n<You're Mine3 
Owwwww x.x I wore high heels . New ones that I just got , put em on for 2 hours . They are for saturday along with my dress and make up . I have a great music system , fun games , awesome people . Heck yes ! :D I also have 3 blisters x.x . Remember 6:30 p.m. saturday at 9824 S Flint Dr.at the pavilion ! Bring up to two guests and Anyone is welcome as long as they tell me they are going :) 
-_- Darn the PS3 game night wasn't that great only 3 of us . It was kinda fun though . Next time people learn how to play on time , we waited for hours x.x 
Hell yes ! Ground war 1st place 23 kills 4 assists and 11 deaths ;) 
?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh darn you cod players <_< 
New poem but not posting it on here .... it'll be on my dA . Cut my finger cutting turkey but i got my revenge . It now has a knife in it ^^ 
Ouch x.x killed my voice singing for about 2 days . Now I'm coughing cus of it and my throat kills . Gyah singing is dangerous !!! I miss you <3 
is extremely worried .... 
Really should sleep but idk :/ Damn restlessness 
Playing COD 4 : MW2 on PS3 . Any takers ? My name is HaloAddict15 . Blah yws tonight , didn't sleep at all . Ordered my birthday presents today :D Can't wait for my Bleach sword ! 
Starting to fall for this guy :) http://chatter.com/a/gjcap?ref=nf 
Fuck ! Im failing health , have a d in language arts :( i wasn't there the other day to turn stuff in . i got a 5 out of 15 on a school song test x.x \n<You're Mine3 
Blah getting some sleep back after weeks of almost no sleep , Can't stop playing COD 4 : MW 2 . Waiting extremely impatiently for my birthday stuff to arrive ... Only been 3 days x_x Gyah . I might try some of my other games online , see how good I get . Working my way up on COD 4 . 
Bad feeling in the pit of my stomach .... Watching A Walk To Remember . It always makes me cry . I wish I had someone to hold atm :( Might go to young women's tonight ... I'm not sure . 
Running ..... the best thing to do when ur in pain . hearing the breathe leave your lungs . dream come true .... your escape from hell\nI miss you </3 
If all my friends were to jump off a bridge , I wouldnt jump with them , Id be at ... http://chatter.com/a/fmai1?ref=nf 
Walking to jordan wish i had my ipod x.x 
Damn Trek was long walked 26.8 miles pushing/pulling a hand cart in bad weather and dr. .. http://chatter.com/a/bkzmn?ref=nf 
This 
could be interesting ..... let's see how forthcoming my Facebook friends 
are ... Leave a one-word comment that you think best descibes me using 
theTHIRD letter of YOUR first name . IT can only be one word . Then copy 
andpaste this post on your wall so I can leave one word about you ! :) 
Survived Trek . Walked 26 miles all together . My hair is a mess XD I finally get to take a shower . I loved my family :D . My face is kinda sunburnt but I'm way tan . The food was AMAZING . Altho the first night it snowed and we walked 13 miles . The woman's pull was great even though we did it in HEAVY rain . I'm grateful to my ma and pa and family . Go STREBELS ! ( P . S ..... Salmon ... IT IS NOT SALMON IT IS PINK ! ) 
LIKE 
this status and I will tell you what I like , dislike , my first 
impression of you and a confession (: 
Just realized something O.o twilight stole a line ! In lost he says read it . Out loud . So twilight stole it ! -.- \n < Te Amo3 
.... The musical ... is going ... to kill me ... Ugh my hands hurt , my arms are sore , my body is beat ... i can hardly type ... This sucks and we have so much more time of it .... 4 hrs ... of ... moving stuff back and forth back and forth ... 
FML >_< my most recent poem made someone ( a stranger ) cry while reading it ... I didn't think it was that powerful . 
" Even if you are battered , you can still catch your dream ... with hands trembling with rising courage " - Naruto 168 page 1 
Great week ! Hung out with Andrei , Daisy , and my bro friday , then Daisy slept over . Then the next day Daisy , Brein , my bro , and I all went to Step Up 3D ( which Kicks Ass btw ! ) . :) Also played COD MW2 and RE5 ! Hahahaha best week so far :D Hanging out with Andrei again tuesday , and Daisy possibly sleeping over again wednesday :P and then watching Step Up 3D again with my mom ! 
............ QUESO .......... ( P . S ...... I LOST THE GAME ) 
<_< lost my temper . Thats what happens when your siblings are right in front of you fighting over watching tv , and hitting each other <_< . Ughhhhh and they know how bad my temper can be x.x 
True talent = breaking two phones and an ipod in less than a year x.x XD\n Save Me 
So I just realized this yesterday XD but for some reason it's always the juniors , seniors , or ppl older that are actually interested in me ? I guess I am a little too mature for my age ._. I don't mind though ;) most guys are age are too ugh ... 
TOTAL PWNAGE haha on COD 4 MW 2 I got a kill streak of 9 ! Then I started dying more x.x on the bright side , Andrei isn't so bad anymore :P Babysitting Friday . Waittttt GYAH Andrei we have to hang next week instead ! Anyway lol ... wait ... UGHHH Girls camp ._. Damn it x.x 
D: I WANT THE NEW ETF CD SOOO BAD ! 
Very VERY Tired X_X 
So .... I got Fable III and beat it twice in less than a day . Beat Black Ops .... Damn I need something to do D: At my dad's for a few days . ._. I miss my friends !!!! Btw you all lost the game ^^ HAVE A NICE DAY 
steph : don't worry nobodys coming * Aly takes shirt off , door rings * Oh its the mailman * steph answers door , aly screams * Ilysa : we're naked leave!\n<You're Mine3 
Shit 25 kills and 1 death ! i fuckin own !!!!! \nReckless Killa 
Such a beautiful but sad end to the anime Angel Beats .... Eh Birthday today ... 15 . Hooray .. Nothin to do today except watch eclipse at 12:30 .. 
Wooooooow x.x At level 68 on Cod4 Mw2 I need to stop playing so much :/ My eyes kill , ... http://chatter.com/a/f64mx?ref=nf 
YOU ! 
Every time we touch 
Girl you know you got me on pins and needles 
OH ! 
It's not about the lust 
Now you know you got me on pins and needles We're already dead [ x3 ] 
We're already ... 
Zombie Dance- ETF <3 
Worried about my best friend , she's going thru 2 much . Excited 4 Debate & Psychology . ... http://chatter.com/a/h02tr?ref=nf 
Bleach and Naruto are amazing !!! : http://lnk.ms/DNv7H 
Stake dance was amazing ! I'm not even tired ! :) Had the best time with Marie , Amy , Whitney , Erika , and Colton as well as Staunzie , Rachel , and Angela :P Can't wait for the Halloween party tomorrow !!! 
Says ..... SCREW FB ! Really it's so boring and if your friends cared enough they'd talk to you , quitting fb and staying on myspace and myyearbook but if you really wanna tlk go to myyearbook . Email me at slippytheclutz@hotmail.com or EmoGirl24_7@hotmail.com or shayGrocker@yahoo.com or even text me at 801-828-8089 or even add me on ps3 HaloAddict15 . Leaving it up for a day then deleting , thanks :P 
most likely moving in with my dad this weekend . I will still be going to Jordan for a while . 
Good girls dont lie , bad girls dont cry , dumb girls need air , naughty 
girls need underwear , sweet girls aren't mean , funny girls make a scene , perfect girls have all the class , mean girls will kick your a ** , smart 
girls will excel , gossip girls will tell , popular girls get all the 
boys , little girls play with toys , normal girls are nothing new , so 
which one applies to you ? 
Who knows me best ? full name . age . birthday . eye color . best friend(s ) . 
favorite color . nickname . copy this onto ur status & see what 
people say . 
XD fail ! I was fighting my siblings for fun ( I won of course ) and i threw a plastic bat and it hit my sister in the head LMFAO 
My schedule is as followed : 
1 : Biology- Chalmers 
2 : Computer Tech- Thompson 
3 : Consumer Health- Price 
4 : Psychology 1- Barnes 
5 : World Civ- Mark 
6 : L . A . 10- Lauritzen 
7 : Debate 1- Mcdougal 
8 : Geometry- Cohee 
Homeroom- Cohee 
Any classes with anyone ? Eh this is just my first semester 
Total frustration = Finally found skyward information and .. skyward won't work -_- Damn my luck !!! 
......... Stressed is the only word i will say that summarizes part of how i'm feeling atm 
Eminem = The best rapper ever , nobody even compares to him ! Worried about her .... Too much all at once . Screw not doing shit , In HS I WILL protect my friends ! I'll stand up for those being bullied , I'll talk down to those bully's . I'll help them see the right and escape the wrong . My friends are family , you mess with them you mess with me . 
Always love talking to my best friend :) She seems better but she's like me ... So I kno ... http://chatter.com/a/h31iv?ref=nf 
So sick of this .... Why does religion have to be in everything ? Gays commit suicide all the time because of you judgmental people , I'm not saying all religion or religious people is/are like that , but because of the scriptures the world is full of hatred in my opinion . 
Amazing party :) Ended around 1 A.M. but it was totally worth it ! Had such a great night , helped a friend in a way she helped me so long ago ... I love you all that came and those who couldn't . Those that didn't want to ? You missed out , good for you . So much monster , soda , air hockey , riddles , and random moments . I wish I had pictures , but these memories ? They shall forever stay in my head and heart <3 
Hanging out with Andrei and Daisy friday :) I still have his jacket haha and I love it ... http://chatter.com/a/fsr6i?ref=nf 
Is so close to sending a nasty email to skyward <_< I want to know my classes ! Ugh stupid internet -_- forget this , call of duty is calling ! 
Had a fun night tonight ^^ Some unexpected things happened too o.o 
BWAHAHAHAHA COD4 MW2 add me <3 - HaloAddict15 
Food is dangerous x.x i choked twice already ! Grr\n<You're Mine3 
NEW PHONE : # is 801-828-8089 . Text me :) I have verizon now so yaaaa Almost extremely awesome at cod ! At level 55 ! 
HOLY SHIT :O Step Up 3-D comes out in two weeks !!!!!! O.O Who wants to go with me ?! 
Damn lol 30 kills and 10 deaths . Game winning head shot and killed 5 enemies with one predator missile XD i kick ass ! \n Save Me 
WTFH ?!?!?!?!?!?! OneManga is taking off ALL their Manga ?! Stupid F-ing publishers ! How the hell am I supposed to read Bleach and Naruto now ?! I read all my manga there !!!! Jeez I am NEVER buying manga again , I'll find a way to read it LEGAL OR NOT ! Stupid ass Publishers , I want a right to read what you publish it takes forever to translate it to damn english !!!! <_< * Goes on rampage * 
Had the most amazing week . Hung out with daisy , andrei , aly , sam , & the young women and Talked to the person i love with all my heart . :) \n<You're Mine3 
Don't have hope because when you have it most you'll get it crushed .... Dreams die and pain survives . Don't want to go to yw but i will .... I just won't talk ... 
I kick ass at Cod4 Mw2 !!!!! Level 70 already lol and at prestige but I want my 150 headshots first with my MINI UZI !!! 
.... 2nd night in a row that i've cried because i miss my best friend .... I wish her parents didn't hate me .... :( \n Save Me 
When I see your face 
There's not a thing that I would change 
Cause you're amazing 
Just the way you are 
And when you smile , 
The whole world stops and stares for awhile 
Cause girl you're amazing 
Eh not in a good mood . Hopefully the game tomorrow helps . Need to get a job and fast . x.x going to join FBLA :) < You're Mine3 
Score of 20/5 on cod mw2 heck yes ! not as good as my score of 25/1 tho :) \n Save Me 
High school sucks x.x so stressed . Love psychology and debate though . I miss my best f ... http://chatter.com/a/kpf3l?ref=nf 
Sucks for them , I ain't going to girl's camp screw that . I'm too lazy to pack , I'll ju ... http://chatter.com/a/fq02s?ref=nf 
Wondering how the hell I ended up with 383 admirers on myyearbook when I'm not all that attractive at all ? Idk x.x Excited for the football game Friday . Sorry to everyone but My current best friends atm are : Mariah , Meghan , Brittany , Yessenia , Andrei , and Daisy :P <3 Hmmm I love my new playlist posted it on myyearbook if you can check it out ;) 
Leaves facebook with 11 pokes .... Arrives 1 hr later with 16 ? :O Ughhhhh 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ICHIGO LOST HIS POWERS :'( 
Andrei lol I love your jacket :) Escape The Fate 
School was good but exhausting . I almost fell asleep in Geometry . Have a friend in debate class :D however there are some * cough * bitches * cough * in that class <_< Loved my World Civ teacher , he's pretty cool :) Lunch was fun today . Oh and I absolutely hate my L.A. teacher she's so peppy and cheerful that it's annoying -_- 
XD wow my dad sucks at resident evil 5 he's gotten farther than us but now he keeps dying ! Hahahaha\n<You're Mine3 
Misses my best friend more than anything . Blah so glad school's tomorrow I need to distract myself . Fair yesterday was amazing , I hate oldies and yet the band was absolutely amazing I stayed till they stopped playing . Fun but stressful week , glad to be getting some new friends :) If anyone needs anything txt me at 801-828-8089 
Rough night but got through it okay . Got to know friends a little better and i'm so glad to have them :) love you guys!\n<You're Mine3 
Fuck alta ! We lost by one point ! Ugh we lost to our rival with a 0-3 team ! I am so pissed >:( \n<You're Mine3 
Loves my schedule but I despise the fact that that I have almost no friends in my clas ... http://chatter.com/a/gj9y0?ref=nf 
Posted a new poem , I'd appreciate any comments or critique . It's on my deviant art now as well . I have titled it " Questioning Us " sucky title but Idk . Going to start writing a new one very soon . I always write from my heart , but this one might not be as good as my others :P 
I miss my best friend more than anything .... :( Eh the guy I was falling for considers us friends , can't say that doesn't hurt but idm cus being friends beats not having him around at all . Ended up crying today eh working on being positive about this . My own fault tho , he's in his 20's why was I stupid enough to think it was possible to be with him ? Eh night . 
Hmmmm damn emotions x.x This sucks I can't even concentrate because I can't stop think ... http://chatter.com/a/l04em?ref=nf 
Score is 63 to 21 hell yes go jordan!\n<You're Mine3 
I miss her like crazy , school starts today x.x Damn I'm not ready for this . Had the be ... http://chatter.com/a/hhvno?ref=nf 
Feels extremely dizzy .... I might pass out i can hardly walk x.x Gyah need to try and sleep\n<You're Mine3 
We lost by one point ?! FUCK YOU ALTA ! -_- We lost to a useless 0-3 team fuck that oh w ... http://chatter.com/a/k0hsa?ref=nf 
Well thats no fun -.- she's too good at driving!\n<You're Mine3 
Is having almost the perfect day :) slept over at sams with aly it was fun ! We had the best time :) < You're Mine3 
Really into Bleach and Naruto . Completely updated on Naruto now yay ! Dance was fun last night but not that many people were there , come on people come to the next one ! :P No school tomorrow :D so glad ! 
http://xxxxemogirlshayxxxx.deviantart.com/ check out my deviant art :) if you thi ... http://chatter.com/a/kq43c?ref=nf 
Just read an article about teen suicides over being gay . That's sad ... why the hell do people have to be so judgemental ? \n<You're Mine3 
Wow .... My anger is building up very quickly . How did this happen ? Ugh I am so frustrated . It keeps building ... I'm going to explode :/ 
Hmmm interesting :) 
Hmmm trying to wait patiently for an email from a friend x.x So bored , ask questions . ... http://chatter.com/a/mkr5u?ref=nf 
Q : Survey : What's your opinion on long-dista ... A : Hmmm it depends how far away they are , bu ... : http://lnk.ms/DVcC7 
If the world ended right now , and you only had an hour to say anything to me ... what would you say ? :P 
Not posting anything personal anymore ... screw this . If you actually care enough to ask what's wrong then ask . I hate this drama I mean really , drama kills people god damn kids need to grow up . I don't want to be apart of this anymore . 
Classic for deca :P Bwahahaha . Mom had surgery today hope it went alright . \n<You're Mine3 
Damnnnnnn 306 comments in 2 hrs with only 3 people ... Talented with no lives ? I think so ! :D 
I love Eminem ! He is amazing 37 years old and he's just getting better :) http://chatter.com/a/mb5yk?ref=nf 
Life may have its ups and downs .... But you make it all worthwhile . :) i love you\n<You're Mine3 
Extremely pissed and hurt .... Found out I can take a few punches he sucks at hitting . Almost got into a fight with my guy friend at school . 
" I've medicated myself again I feel like it's my only friend I've torn this world asunder ( under ) Inside it's slipping under " - ETF Massacre <3 . Hmmm Nightmare Mansion freaked me out today x.x I am so going back tho ! And to Nightmare On 13 anyone wanna come ? :P Idk when tho 
Omg in the same car as marissa x.x AND SHE'S DRIVING X.X < You're Mine3 
I love Eminem :) Check out Space Bound if you haven't . Hmmm Daisy's birthday was fun last night :D I laughed and joked around so much . Food was amazing too ^^ 
amazing day laughed till i cried  the musical rehearsal , Went 2 volleyball , laughed more Almost 1 of the best days just missing 1 thing\n<You're Mine3 
A fan of poetry , pictures , or ANY type of art ? Check out deviantART . A fan of video games ? check out Noobfeed . Best sites ever :D 
:/ Eh ... bad week . I hate school . http://chatter.com/a/iog95?ref=nf 
Awkward convo's with people on myyearbook o.o I'm not interested in relationships with anyone online , besides my heart already belongs to someone . I wish these weird conversations would stop x.x 
Pissed somehow some fucking spyware crap or something got on my new pc and it won't go away no matter how many times I uninstall it !!!!! >:( 
Feels quite a bit better for now . I'll never grow tired of hearing you say those 3 words . :) my mom is back and seems fine Yay :D \n<You're Mine3 
We PWNED Brighton !!! 30 to 28 :) Had the best night ever ! Love ya Meghan , Yessenia , Stevie , Kyra , , and Daisy ! Andrei and John were cool too ^^ Also talked to my love ... so hence ... TOTAL HAPPINESS TONIGHT . :) 
-_- Wtfh he hit me . Wow at least he sucks at hitting I still don't feel those punches ... http://chatter.com/a/mexn0?ref=nf 
note to self .... do NOT text/ go on fb while pwning on COD MW2 >_< 
ok ??????? Apparently I answered a question about cooking earlier today ??? But I haven ' ... : http://lnk.ms/C7xtG 
Awww he's so sweet and amazing ! :) he's so romantic :) i have an amazing guy\n<You're Mine3 
........ These anonymous people are going to push ppl over the edge . 
XD love the new song by BrokeNcyde " Teach me how to scream " . Also love massacre and issues by ETF . 
Didn't do homework , didn't study for huge math test tomorrow , didn't play cod today = FAIL ! < You're Mine3 
I hate Alta -_- Had fun with friends sorta ? Blah Not going to another game I don't think I can be around couples anymore . 
Stomach still kills but at least I got to see the person I've been missing for idk how long . I still feel kinda sick but hopefully i feel better by tomorrow . Going to nightmare mansion for fbla at 9:30 and go back 2 school at 2:00 then right after school i have a deca meeting x.x 
Deleted almost all my notes , posting all of my poetry and my song . Some of it is a year old or so . Comment , critique is very welcome . 
Going to be way stressed this year x.x FBLA , DECA , maybe the play , Debate , maybe trying out for basketball ?.... Ehhhhhhhh x.x I did horrible at volleyball today for church . Why must I be such a perfectionist ? Miss my best friend very much . Time for Cod then Homework x.x 
Rough Night :/ Blah 
Ah ! I totally forgot about my debate thing today x.x ugh i missed it . Blah looks like i have to go to the one next week :/ \n<You're Mine3 
< Twiztid , Axe Murder Boyz , Anybody Killa , Boondox , Psychopathic Rydas , Insane Clown Posse3 
Extremely stressed :/ So little time to get all this work in . Better get started x.x http://chatter.com/a/m6oiz?ref=nf 
Hung out with Meghan , Yessenia , and Austin today ! So much fun ^^ 
I love the people on deviantart and myyearbook that actually bother to read the stuff I spend time writing <_< 
Hmmmm misses her but i'm giving her space ... x.x 
Wish I could hold " someone " in my arms right now :( Blah well i'm tired so night all x.x 
Debate , the musical , FBLA , and DECA = STRESS x.x 
One 
out of ten people born is gay . That means one of every ten people is 
instantly put down , labeled , left alone , put in a minority & so much 
more . All for something they didn't ask for . Gay teens are committing 
suicide as a way of escaping . If you want to tell them life will get 
better and you respect them for who they are , copy and paste this as 
your status . Most of you won't but let's see the 5% that do 
Well my dad is officially living with my grandma , kind of weird without him here .. 
.... Idk about some things anymore . How much pain can I take from one relationship ? I wish It wasn't so complicated ... I wish their parents didn't despise me . I give up so much for them . It's stressing me out ... I get so angry and hurt watching couples . 
Is now single . We talked about it and decided it'd be best if we were friends . It was wrong to date him in the first place , my heart is committed to someone else <3 ... XD lunch was fun today ! Exhausted from musical rehearsal though :/ 
-.- useless . Went to classic for deca but she just basically took pics and left \n<You're Mine3 
.... My parents said they are getting divorced \n A.S.A.P. and my dad asked who i want to live with .... idk . i need to figure this out ... and soon . < You're Mine3 
Has a 9 a.m. Musical rehearsal today .  . Oh joy my favorite thing to do on a day with no school .... Waking up early x.x \n<You're Mine3 
:/ Damn emotions http://chatter.com/a/lpfvw?ref=nf 
I miss her like crazy , hope I see her eventually . Probably going to Alta next year , Jo ... http://chatter.com/a/lxnw8?ref=nf 
Owwwww >_< i got a carpet burn at young women's from diving at Sammie ! Blah at least I got to see my best friend ! :) 1 hour lunch today was amazing , tomorrow will be even better ! 2 more days then another weekend :D 
Role playing , My friend and I are writing a 
story . 2 gay guys in a zombie apocalypse XD We are hot ? She drew me a 
pic of them ! :D Don't ask lol 
F my life x.x So tired 2 hrs of sleep and I feel sick 
So random " elf's " are sending us food and door bell ditching us <_< I got to say XD tonight your handwriting made me laugh !!! FAILURE ! XD 
Extremely stressed and now i'm nauseous from it . I have a fever :/ Blah not going to school tomorrow , but I will have to go afterward since I CANNOT miss the musical rehearsal >_< Family problems as well eh things are crazy right now . 
Getting ready for the halloween party tonight ! :) \n<You're Mine3 
So ..... f-ing .... tired ..... got an hour of sleep .... DARN YOU DEVIANTART !!! 
We should have a zombie apocalpyse ! :D < You're Mine3 
:DDDDD HELL YES !!!! ESCAPE THE FATE COMING HERE TO UTAH FEBRUARY 26TH !!! 
You fail FailBook !.... I . Am . Not . A . Butterfly ! >_< 
Amazing day :) First in a while . Listening to ETF they just keep getting better and better . New album will be amazing . Getting good reviews on my new poem :D 
Yes ... you did just get pwned by HALOADDICT15 .... a girl on cod mw2 :P 
Omg ! i think i'm going to cry :( poor ichigo ! rukia is gone .... noooooo\n<You're Mine3 
Eh .... Not the best day . 
Is .... extremely .... pissed .... off ..... Ugh 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO :( you can now pre-order tickets for harry potter !!! Must . Get . Money >_< 
... ._. Just went through 68 watchers on my deviantART and picked out favorites from each of them , it added up to 232 favorite poems and tons of time wasted > < Gyah ..... Although I am grateful to have so many ppl that like my poetry . 
Ugh no comment things are just bad right now ... 
Just walked outside for fun ... i forgot how cold it was >_< 
< Crapoartworks > I can easily explain how cells divide to the best of my knowledge . 
< Crapoartworks > o 
< Crapoartworks > 0 
< Crapoartworks > 8 
< Crapoartworks > oo 
< Crapoartworks > Ta-da ............................ XD 
i feel sick >_< 
DARN YOU SNOW ! <_< 
Blah sick of drama . Musical wednesday , thursday , and friday . Also get to meet my dad's new girlfriend wednesday .... joy ? 
Awww 
he gave me a rose !!! ^^ ? I really like him even though he is a senior . 
Darn why does the musical have to be over ... Blah . Time to sleep in though finally i am so exhausted 
I've made my decision about moving ... just not 100% sure . 
CXD <<<<<<<<<<< Andrei's failed butterfly ... poor Steve .... He had the misfortune of being created by Andrei XD 
Horrible day .... Ugh . Only about 4 of my friends talked to me today ? How nice . Screw that i'm not going to start the convo all the time . 
Incredibly nervous and excited for tonight . sweethearts :) i have a dress and heels o.o lol oh and i confessed something to a friend friday that will hurt me in the end x.x 
XD wow .... I miss watching tv . Watching Disney Channel :P I can't stop laughing hahahaha 
Hmmmm anyone have a dA ? 
So , Andrei and I are planning a cod torunament at his place . We need GOOD players , anybody interested ? 
Great job tonight choir You were amazing ^^ I was impressed and kept smiling so props to you EMS . I miss my junior high friends D: :( 
WTF !!!! My mw2 game is gone .... this is seriously pissing me off . I deleted my brothers account on my PS3 because he is the only one that could have taken it and it's not stuck in my PS3 <_< 
Wow aly was playing cod and she's a noob , so ppl said crap . I went on the next game and killed a team mate for being a jerk but killed the wrong one > < Then he said crap . They thought i sucked . So I ended up with the highest score , final kill , and when i said something back he stopped talking :P I said " Why don't you try and get kills without camping , then you'll have true talent " lol 
:D .... Marry me for a week ? ( Best fwd ever ! ) Anyway .... not expecting answers from that but how is everyone ? 
So I'm kinda sorta ... stressed as well as depressed atm >_< Ugh must play cod to distract myself 
At my dad's/grandma's . Hmmm I got to lv 60 on the 3rd prestige ... YAY !!! Btw is anyone good at halo or call of duty ? P.s. Andrei you fail ... you left the playstation on ... again ... XD 
So for those of you that are wondering where i've been .... my internet and cable have been shut off D: I'm currently at my dad's house so i can be online but yeah > < Bwahahahaha 
:DDDDD Just got Fable III and Black Ops ..... YES !!!!!!! * victory dance * Still working on getting Halo Reach 
Bwahahahahaha Andrei just got PWNED 
Lol i totally killed a bunch of teammates today in mw2 > < That's what I get for noob tubing . I also totally owned in so many games . I got tons of praise from my teammates :) Btw just a heads up ... MW2 is better than Black Ops . Speaking of games . MW2 , Black Ops and possibly Halo tournament next month anyone up for it ? 
stake dance tomorow , moving in with my dad this weekend , asked someone to sweethearts ( need to get money now ._. ) and shot 6 3 pointers in gym today ... Yay ! :) 
So i need a escape the fate ticket like extremely badly anyone have an extra ? i'm willing to pay you twenty dollars but i won't have money till friday x.x but i'm desperate so please help anyone ? 
Oh btw went to my first debate tournament this year and took fourth place in spar :) very proud of myself . went to meghans birthday party saturday and had a blast :) 
Got a ticket to escape the fate saturday so excited :) taking weight training , humanities , debate 2 and AP psychology next year . i miss my friends at noobfeed and deviantArt x.x 
So the escape the fate concert was amazing :) then had a sleep over with god and jesus . and things at school are awkward when you like someone that doesn't feel the same x.x btw seniors are mean for leaving next year :( 
D: my throat is like closed up sad . haha anyway so i'm screwed for my after dinner speech for debate tomorrow x.x anyway anyone else been dealing with constant drama lately ? it sucks but i got good friends so yay love you guys :) 
So today was good till around the end then my heart broke a little more . Love sucks sometimes but i can't help but wonder will i ever get my chance to show i'm not like the others ? i miss seeing you :( wish parents wouldn't hate me x.x for past mistakes . 
i have to question myself when my favorite songs end up being inappropriate or abusive ._. but i love eminem ^^ lol got a laptop . tons of drama going on , but eh what are friends for right ? i miss people wayyyyyy too much . 
I gotta say .... totally addicted to the song superman by eminem . Also can't stop listening to the band Red , check out already over , forever , confessions ( what's inside my head ) , pieces , and breathe into me . :P also if any of you have any artistic talent or are interested in art check out deviantArt and join . Fan of games ? Join noobfeed.com :D 
Dang Red's new album is AMAZING !!!! Eh btw realtionship drama > < how fun right ? 
So i figured out black ops has a side effect ..... i slept two hours then didn't wake up for school ..... GAH . I fail .... 
FML my dad frustrates me -_- you do NOT EVER turn off my playstation in the middle of a game on call of duty !!! > < ugh anyway it made me happy D: I was in a weird mood and even let out a couple girlish screams plus my friend was entertaining :( Now i gotta wait till after school tomorrow ... 
Hmmmmm so a guy I've known for not that long has asked me out .. I admit I like him so far ^^ But he lives far away > < Damn ..... hard to decide . Sword fight with Dustin and Andrei was involved too . I won :D But .... Dustin stabbed me and it made me bleed then my hand got cut up pretty bad > < 
OMG ...... I am in pure shock XD I was on hardcore search and destroy and my team sucked . So I took out the entire team 3 times then 5 the last time , leaving 1 . Got to use my Napalm strike , blackbird , and chopper gunner . Final score ? 17 kills 1 death . PURE PWNAGE 
Lol it's kinda weird . In the past month I've been asked out , told my voice is hot , told i'm hot , and been flirted with multiple times .... Why must I be so antisocial then be social online ? D: Then I go on myyearbook and have 45 admirers ? WTF is up with this world > < Gah . Bleach is getting intense .... again ..... have to wait for next chapter D: 
Bored .... ._. ehhhh i guess i'm glad i have games to play ? > < 
:P looking for members that wanna join BOK * Black Ops Killers . I know original right ? lol Founder : HaloAddict15 Co-Founder : cristiano11450 . That's for PS3 if you wanna be in the clan add us . Hell make it for Xbox too and you can be the leaders for the xbox BOK * clan . :D 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA XD I have a headache .... 
Wow XD Hells Yes ! Got 29 Kills 3 Deaths in sharpshooter . Pure Pwnage . The rest of em only got 5 kills max !!! 
38 kills 6 deaths hardcore TD after prestige 2 ...... WOW 
Bored ._. killing is just too easy now haha . Call of duty get's boring after a while . Might just burn cd's all day , any suggestions of songs ? 
Nearly 12:30 and what am i doing ? Hah of course .... COD how predictable anddddd getting asked out again -_- lol 
..... 6 ...... a ... m .... better sleep > < 
" Shayley me a richard are defriending you cause ur athiest " Wow yeah who gives a damn ? I'm proud of who I am , your sense of humor is almost as bad as your grammar ( yeah I fixed the sentence so you can read it ) . Grow up and you know who you are . 
Omg ...... Sever on PS3 is down D: Wtf am i supposed to do now lol fml ..... 
I have a feeling that I won't be going to sleep ._. Nearly 4 and I'm not tired .... wtf is with my sleep schedule ? Played runescape and visited all the websites I ever go to > < I'm so bored . 
I found the solution to the stupid fail server of FREE PSN . Need for speed carbon , career mode ;) I thought i was good at drifting .... till I played that game <_< Oh and runescape helps too 
For all you PS3 lovers with a PSN account , there's bad news . According to the latest update made by Playstation Network it's going to be down for a day or two ..... Better go do something else , and I suggest you don't go buy any of the games that just came out quite yet :/ It's possibly related to Hackers or the anonymous group that's been previously attacking sony . 
..... My friend .... killed a butterfly .... with red bull .... HOW COULD YOU ? D: 
Is ready to throw my PS3 out the window <_< Haha been listening to too much rap by eminem and 50 cent i guess cus last night around 3 am I decided to write a rap song XD it failed kinda .... then i tried to write a poem that didn't work well either -_- 
Hah I feel bad for hackers .. If I see you hack 1 , I will be pissed and yell at you . Then I will report you . Watch out because the whole PS3 community will act the same . Gonna go play some more games Text me ? 801-759-0416 
-_- PSN still down and it's been 4 days for me now .... ughhhh and apparently some called and it could take 16 days to put it back up . Yet some have it on some don't ? I hate playstation their service is horrible I only have the damn thing because 1 my xbox is f-ed up and 2 its free . Once I get a job I am literally throwing this thing out the window . 
Not updating anymore status's after this facebook sucks ._. 
> < ...... goin .... to ... bed .. morning all 
Guess I have to update status's ._. HAPPY EASTER ALL !! Hope it's filled with candy ^^ 
Take some BIG and some PAC And you mix them up in a pot Sprinkle a lil " BIG L " on top What the **** do you got ? You got the realest and illest killers Tied up in a knot The Juggernauts of this rap sh*t Like it or not it's like a fight to the top Just to see who die for the spot- Patiently Waiting by 50 cent and Eminem 
Lol so friday my family kinda had a get together and my dad's friend got drunk . Guess what we all did . Play dominos . So he's all like the blank blank domino always wins so now everytime we play we are like hey guys guess what i got ? blank blank I WIN !!!! XD 
I feel old -_- I'm looking up songs from years ago lol but somehow a lot of those are still better than songs from this year . 
Hmmm for you christians looking for some good music you should check out Flyleaf , Skillet , and Red . I'm not religious but I LOVE these bands . I suggest you look them up ^^ Some songs have some screamo , but they are really good bands . 
Going to go watch Pokemon lol even if I don't act like others my age , I still have that childish side that I hide inside 
..... I learned an important lesson today . NEVER I repeat NEVER mess with a Mankey XD if you do ..... RUN LIKE HELL !!! 
Smart : taking a nap after school . Stupid : Taking a nap till 9 p.m. > < Now I won't be able to sleep gyah . Had a good day till psychology man that class can bring you down . It's been an amazing week and next week will be even better ... except for driving range D: anyway time for POKEMON , I choose you !!! 
Heck yes ! Two more poems up on my dA . I feel accomplished :) Now I just need to write more . Any suggestions on things I should write about ? 
So love sucks > < That's all I'll share on the subject 
I hate when people fight .... especially parents/family ...... I'm stuck in the middle again :/ Night everyone .... time to distract myself by anime 
Really amazing week ^^ except for a tiny bit of drama but .... talking to friends makes everything perfect <3 
15 year old girl holds her 1 year old son ; people call her a slut , but no one knew she was raped at 13 . Make fun of someone for being fat , but you don't know that person has a serious medical condition . Call the old guy ugly , but you don't know his face injury is from serving the country or saving a life . Re-post this if you're against bullying and stereotyping . You never know what someone's story is .. 
Damn I just lost my soul in a bet D: Alex and I debated on whether or not Mario and Luigi are plumbers ..... they are .... so I lost D: the game and my soul XD 
Going to the 2nd Annual WTF ! Wasatch Techno Festival May 27th It'll be awesome !!! Featuring Benny Benassi it'll be sweet :D Anyone else going ? 
Time to drown out the day with music , genre ? Techno of course ! The sexiest music on earth ;) 
It's crazy , I've been out of it for days . Lost in my thoughts , now I can't even listen to music ._. I've had to replay the same song 3 times to see if it's good or not since I start thinking in the middle of it . <_< Thoughts are a nuisance oh well might as well write poetry out of these thoughts . 
Kids are so annoying sometimes > < 
Just found out that Eminem and Royce Da 5'9 are releasing an EP ( By Bad Meets Evil A.K.A Eminem and Royce ) Gonna release June 14 , 2011 . They've already released songs like Echo and Living Proof but apparently they won't be on the cd which is why you should check out Fast Lane which WILL be . I'm WAY excited :D 
Playstation Network was supposed to be back up today ...... its not D: This is frustrating I want to go online and talk to my friends and own ppl at COD gyah > < 
" Now , was called Eminem , but he threw away the candy and ate the rapper 
Chewed him up ( Pt ! ) and spitted him out Girl , giddy-up , now get , get down 
Hes lookin around this club and it looks like people are havin a sh*t fit now 
Here , little t-t -trailer trash , take a look whos back in t-t -town Did I s-st-stutter , mother****** ? F-ck them all , hes just A whole mother***** Walmart d-d-down every time a-r-r-round " 
Just wrote the most emotional poem .... about friends :) Go in my notes if you want to read it . 
Just got back from a debate dinner and it was so amazing , so emotional , and so hilarious . I will forever remember this night , and this family of " Dirty Americans " XD I cried because I was so happy , and I won an award along with everyone else ^^ for being judicially fair and seeing all sides in a debate . I love you guys !!! <3 
So after praciticing my oratory it came out to be only 3 minutes and almost 25 seconds long > < Now I have to find out what to add to this . Gyah ! Anyway , taking a break from poetry for a while . 
Proud of my oratory :) Have to memorize it , but apparently it's amazing and very emotional 
Had an amazing time at the stake dance :) Although it would have been better if certain people would have went :P Haha hung out with Daphne , Sam , Kalli , and Amy basically . My legs kill though so maybe next time I should prepare myself for the pain > < 
" I'm a soldier , these shoulder's hold up so much , they won't budge , I'll never fall or fold up , I'm a soldier , Even if my collar bone's crush or crumble , I will never slip or stumble , " - Eminem : Soldier . Favorite song . Gives me strength . Still have a strong want to join the army . 
Criminal Minds marathon and then both step up and step up 2 ..... looks like I get 2 hrs of sleep tonight ! > < 
Lol you know you love someone when you send them 17 text messages worth of reasons why you love them :P meh PS3 hasn't updated their blog in two days <_< F-ing idiots first they don't use firewalls and use obsolete software without patches THEN they don't know how to give proper updates to their users .... Power hungry much ? 
Haha after 3 weeks of no PSN I still kick @ss on Cod ;) Guess I just don't need practice especially with my throwing knife and grenades . Wish PSN comes back on soon , I miss my friends on there D: 
I love songs about politics , especially when they are totally insulting Bush . Eminem FTW . Meh I wanna have a call of duty night with friends but I live in T-Ville so that makes things difficult <_< 
Single or not put this as your status && see what people inbox you : 
Black = I want a relationship with you ? 
Green = I'm falling for you ? 
Purple = I miss you ): 
Orange = I really like you : * 
... Pink = I love you ? 
Yellow = Your amazing :D 
Blue = Your cute ;] 
Grey = We need to talk more 
Red = We are friends :] 
PUT THIS AS UR STATUS IF UR BRAVE ENOUGH ... For the next 24 hrs I cant lie . Ask me a question in my inbox or text me and I will answer truthfully . 
Going to extend this for a week , so ask me questions and I will give you a complete honest answer . Any type of question . Ask me on my status ( unless it's personal ) , through message or text . I promise I will answer each question you have :P 
Bored .... which calls for what ? God of War III and Eminem :D 
FUCK YES ! I BEAT HADES !!!! Ahem ..... I mean I am so proud of myself I beat a tough boss ^^ lol today was epic ... I've never been so random . Random things ive said ~ " You know what would be cool ? If we could flail our arms like anime characters do ! " " You know what's distracting ? On Chalmers biology CRTS there's these flashing lights in ther right corner by your name :o " XD 
Also my favorite one of all " she watches Bleach !!!! " * points to Stephanie Larsen * Steph : " I do !!!!! " * runs over and shows us a picture of uryu as her wall paper on her phone * LMFAO 
This game is going to make me cry lol D: F-ing centaur man .... I swear it's not fair not only having to fight him but ALSO his soldiers that like don't even die <_< I've died about 8 times attempting to kill him ? I WILL DESTROY YOU CENTAUR !!! * shakes fist in anger * 
Amazing day , amazing night . I was way hyper today lol got teased all day for being cute <_< I was a lot of my true self today but then my energy gave out D: Got father in God of War III though ^^ anyway night all have a WONDERFUL NIGHT ! 
Interesting day . Lol yessie downed an entire 2 liter bottle of Mtn Dew , i got out there before she could explode D: Gave my oratory in debate even though i was shaking sooo bad and was told it was good , but i need to practice the performance . Which I will . Next years topic will be VERY interesting can't wait to debate it ! 
People need to learn how to deal with technology x.x My dad comes in and asks how to change his PS3 to HDMI and I told him the 2 steps to do it . He still didn't understand . So i effortlessly went in , plugged in the HDMI cord to the PS3 and tv , reset the PS3 and BAM there -_- 5 ... seconds ... of ... my ... time <_< lol 
Wish I still lived in Sandy :/ One of my best friend's birthday is today and I can't even be there to say Happy Birthday . Well i'll make it up to her :P School is almost over ... in a few weeks lol anyone excited for summer ? 
So around 2 a.m. this morning PSN came back online :) I NOW HAVE MY LIFE BACK ! Lol it's been fun talking to friends again , but I have yet to play cod wit my friend Leo who entertains the hell out of me :P Add me ? HaloAddict15 ( yes halo , got a problem ? Check out my final score you won't be complaining then ;)) 
D: oh no ! I can only add 5 more people on PSN .... FML 
Lol greatttttt > < reached my limit of friends on PSN .... 100 ugh haha and they are all active gamers ! I asked PSN if they can increase the allowed number of friends , we shall see how they respond . Oh gym sucked today D: I almost passed out from overworking my self . Time to get in shape ? o.o 
Meh for all those who want to text me my phone is shut off till Friday so ... sorry D: lol gotta get $10 more for the WTF ! Tickets . Well time to go pwn noobs and " pros " in Black Ops with my AK47 ;) which i am scared for them because ... I HAVE ROCKSTAR ! BWAHAHAHA 
School was interesting today . Except the rain .... it can go away D: lol Anyway I have an idea . I'm going to create a video game and suggest it to either Treyarch or Infinity Ward . Any suggestions on what you would like to see ? Meh well i'll post my idea whenever I get it all over with . Idk what to do for the story mode > < 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO D: lol someone stole my last kill .... not cool man not cool DX 
Well after many intense games of me totally owning in One in The Chamber I must sleep > < haha ... Maybe my sleeping schedule isn't so healthy afterall O.o oh well ^^ I met some hilarious guys and I have to admit staying up to play games with them was fun :) I keep having to take ppl off my friends list to add more tho > < Well .. school in a few hours YAY :D 
So finding out you boyfriends secrets from his friend isn't the greatest thing . Especially when you find out you're just " another girl " um ... ouch ? > < Meh good thing i have other friends to talk to 
._. Damn aparently there is WTF ! and Pajama Jam next week D: MUST . GET . MONEY . 
Had an amazing time with Sammy , Meghan , Ilysa , Isis , Chantel , Kyra , Alex , Marissa , Keziah , and some others . It was way fun at Sammy's party and we talked about the most interesting things XD Today was just ... wow haha I laughed so much and being happy definetely was too easy ^^ Can't wait for the next one or the choir concert coming up the 25th and 26th :D 
It's amazing how many young artists are out there ( poet's are included ) :) I am just in awe of their work . If you want to see any of it check out deviantArt . I cannot include myself in this , since I am no longer writing poetry . But I love how many others there are out there who can make a difference with their work <3 
Eminem , 99 songs of Electronic Music , and COD = NO SLEEP ! Lol we'll see how long it takes before I crash . Gotta take advantage of this double XP weekend on Black Ops ... problem is <_< some people just don't know how not to camp . Meh welllllll Have a good night ppls ^^ <3 
FML man I only have $30 and WTF tickets go up to $50 tomorrow looks like i'm not going then > < 
Ugh I know she's right about her but Idk what to do about the situation > < Gyah 
-_- such BS man .... I hate campers !!!!! I haven't lost a game all day until they come along <_< 
So after multiple games of 20+ kills and about 10 deaths for most games I am growing tired of Call of Duty it's just too easy now . On the bright side i changed my clan to GOAT instead of BOK * For Greatest of all time ;) All thanks to Eminem . I also got overcreative with my playercard hehe ^^ " 
:DDDDDDDDDDDDDDD Got my WTF ! Ticket hellz yes ! Lol although i was extremely selfish getting the money :/ It's something I normally would never ever do . 
So even though two of my best friends already got this , if you say s***t to any of my friends I will hate you for a long f-ing time and make sure when YOU get to high school that your known for the worst things . And after my friend AND her sister get through with you your going to wish you didn't start anything . Hurt my friends anymore and I WILL get involved I've been waiting to fight someone all year <_< 
Um so apparently there is going to be a Modern Warefare 3 ? I thought call of duty was done with games ? What liars <_< 
You know what is annoying ? Reading peoples negative comments on MW3 and having most of them being BF players <_< lol over 2.5 million views in 2 days for MW3 thats good :D Anyway this week will be AMAZING ! Yw's thursday , WTF friday , Saturday and maybe Sunday Sanctuary for the first time with Daisy hopefully ^^ 
So after playing a new pc game called Shaiya with Brandon :P I believe it is now time for bed ..... because i have school and it is now 3:36 a.m. D: Gyah .... better put my alarm up louder than usual 
Well considering Benny Benassi isn't playing till like 12:30 .... I'm screwed since my dad has way too many f******g rules . Guess I won't go ? I hate my dad sometimes . Thanks for nothing you useless ticket -_- There goes $49 . Ugh anyway I was extremely impressed with the performances at JHS tonight , good job to all of you . It was amazing to see old friends again :) 
Busiest weekend of my life ! Had the choir thing yesterday , today I have young women's , tomorrow WTF , Saturday party , Sunday club with Daisy hopefully , Monday games all day ! :P 
So ..... I hear there was going to be bad weather tomorrow . Eh oh well I'll still go , the problem is I would need someone to take me with them <_< Anyone ? lol You would have to sign me in :/ I'd be in sandy at the time because of school D: 
So ...... bought a ticket for WTF , got a ride and then my dad couldn't find it and he never got fucking directions and so i'm home again .... I am EXTREMELY pissed off , I ripped my ticket , am never talking to him again and to top it all off i got a crowbar and broke my phone . 
I finally broke after a while and wrote more poetry -_- Ir's close to the same writing style I say , but if nobody likes it then forget them since this is MY own style . I'll upload the one that would be closer to everyone and leave the cheesy , romantic one to my dA and only my dA since my love life is confidential ;) 
Alright so here's an idea . How about we have a debate weekly ? Anyone can be involved , but beware for there are some VERY talented debaters in my friends list and I am one of them ;) You will have to do some research . What are some topics you suggest ? We can do this monday :D 
FIRST TOPIC starting on May 30th will be : " Are religious beliefs irrational or rational ? Have they done more harm than good ? " Do NOT post things on here yet or I will not allow you to use it in the actual debate . Yes religion is a touchy topic but it is also fun . Start researching ;) 
Hah 7 am ..... and i haven't gone to sleep yet > < Ugh ... 
So I have a party to go to :/ but i am kinda sick and my parents haven't been home in hours ? Ugh > < drinking rockstar really gives you stomach pain 
Meh trying to get more trophies on all of my games :P Spent like 4 hours talking to my awesome friend on skype ^^ Add me ? haloaddict15 lol yes like my PSN . Wrote a story and posted it on my dA it is extremely dark with ideologically sensitive material though > < But people love it . Only wrote the first chapter so far . 
Going to the Sanctuary Slc for the first time with Daisy tonight lol time to look sexy ? ;) jk 
Really interesting night , one things for sure I have no idea how I'll recover in the morning :P Not to mention I've had a headache for days <_< Meh it was fun hanging with Daisy and we shall play more RE5 tomorrow ^^ 
Daisy says Shell needs to wake up now ! X_X 
ahaha love you beatuiful loser :] remeber to log out next time ! Xp 
now time for Daisy to log out , bye bye facebook X ) 
Totally forgot about the debate today , but here's the topic , " Are religious beliefs irrational or rational ? Have they done more harm than good ? " I will post my opinion underneath and then let the debating begin ;) 
Dealing with something in my past that I never expected to deal with again . > < 
Sooo I really really wish I had my phone right now , because I need to talk to my best friend about some things . Especially stuff that's happened today . Oh well , other things to distract myself . :P 
Today was ..... interesting XD 
It's amazing how much you can miss someone D: On another note had a fun time at young women's and it was nice to be able to talk to Sam about stuff again :) 
Headache , stomach ache , nausea , possible fever .... Blah D: I am tired as well <_< But of course I must eat first > < School tomorrow , yay ? 
Eh didn't go to school today since i've been having a lot of pain and feeling sick , nausea isn't the greatest either > < 
AGHHHHHHH lol I hate not having my phone .... with a passion <_< Why I decided to break the damn thing I shall never know . 
So since youtube is a jerk and won't let me watch modern warfare 3 the trailer anymore since i'm too young I had to create a new youtube account and sooooo I have about 700 songs to transfer over to my new account greatttttt 
So went to school today even though I had some pains but eh had to . I shot at LEAST 50 three pointers today and it was exhausting . > < I have to say I am going to miss my senior friends like .... really bad D: Lol also it's not fair that I have so many sexy friends XD 
So here I go again Chasing you down again Why do I do this ? Over and over , over and over I fall for you Over and over , over and over I try not to ~ Over and Over- Three Days Grace . This song is so true for me , because I do fall for you over and over ;) <3 
I kinda wish I could go hang out with my 9th grade friends at Lagoon D: But that would require money , which I need to pay off my stupid Drivers Ed fee or else no yearbook <_< lol anyone going to Eastmont on the 8th ? I would gladly sneak in to go to school with you school basically ends for us High schoolers on the 6th 
Is pretty pissed . Another down side to JHS , you have to pay all your damn fee's or else no yearbook . No exceptions . I already paid for my yearbook too -_- UGH I hate driver's ed , I have to somehow get $95 before monday hahaha not gonna happen .. 
Note to self : Do NOT leave skype on when asleep lol , I missed a few messages > < Speaking of skype if anyone ever wants to talk to me , add me on it ... haloaddict15 ^^ I basically am on there every single day since fb sucks , dA doesn't really have chat's , NB has no chat's , and myyearbook is too slow :P 
Rapping is hella fun lol and I'm pretty good at it ;) Besides that talking to old friends and growing close to them once again ^^ It's good to get rid of the guilt from so long ago . <3 
I am in the best mood XD Online friends FTW ! I was talking to like 6 people on skype call for 6 hrs and 30 mins and it was extremely funny . I am so happy to have friends online when I have no phone lol Oh and now I am obsessed with the ^^ face <_< 
This is torture XD Very interesting day , and I cannot stop laughing hahahaha 
I love how you're whole day is amazing and hearing about one person can ruin it <_< oh well :P 
Is anyone going to be at Eastmont on Wednesday ? I am totally contemplating going and hanging out with my middle school friends . Tomorrow technically last day of school for us at JHS hellz yes ! ^^ Yearbooks and having the most fun possible one last day of sophomore year , next year JUNIORS <3 
Wow AMAZING day ! And this happened all in school ... Alice In Wonderland , 7 Eleven for monsters , Mario on Super Nintendo , Halo on Xbox , Apples to Apples , Truth or Dare . Then after school ~ Random convos , Mall , Panda Express , Asian Store/Tie Store/Hot Topic , Barnes and Nobles , fighting/rolling down and on the hill in front of JHS . Best . Fucking . Day . Ever but now so exhausted D: 
P.S. Andrei Ramsey , Sarah Radcliffe , Alex Mccarthy , and Dustin are really cool and fun to hang with ^^ lol I find it it funny , because we are now JUNIORS and we are getting cocky :P man we are going to be jerks senior year XD Mrs. Lauritzens class FTW 
AGH I hate that I missed out on E3 <_< I will most likely miss nintendo's tomorrow as well ( even though nintendo can die ) Either way I wish there was a way to watch them -_- I despise school sometimes 
Just got 39 kills 7 deaths on call of duty black ops on grid ;) lol poor guys I had my chopper gunner and got to control the helicopter ^^ plus blackbird 
Went to the mall again but this time with Andrei Ramsey , Candace Helm , Meghan Hawkins , and Sarah Radcliffe . We tried on dresses for fun . Oh and 4 of us decided on our idea for spirit week for Junior year it has to do with Harry Potter we even have a " Car " to go with it ;) Andrei , Candace , Sarah , and I are going to Eastmont tomorrow anyone else wanna come ? 
Meh going to EMS by myself tomorrow , but oh well even if nobody I know is there I can always say hi to the awesome teachers ^^ Anyway , time for Black Ops then bed :D Btw I think i swallow part of a plastic fork by accident earlier o.o stupid food .. <_< 
-_- my alarm didn't go off of all days >:( ugh oh well i should still be there just late maybe but i'll be down in sandy till friday night :P 
off to my moms with no internet peace 
so i am way sick yayyyy i feel horrible right now > < probably from walking around 3 times a day in the heat since monday ._. 
Finally home ._. Happy Birthday to all those I missed out on saying it to D: I still feel sick , but meh some games and posting some amazing poetry will help ^^ As long as I don't eat <_< It was fun spending time with family .... I admit I never have cared about family as much as all else , but I missed hanging out with them :) 
Ugh finally , all four poems uploaded plus my third chapter of my story which is way short compared to the others but it's getting intense :P If you'd like to check them out and don't already have me on your deviantArt just ask me for it ^^ I am proud of the poems , especially with the topics I chose for them . 
Plan to stay up all day after 8 a.m. = FAIL haha totally crashed :P Oh well back to Black Ops and Modern Warfare 2 , after I go and tell my cousins not to try and convince the four year old to say things that are ...... yeah <_< P.S. for those that play I lost the GAME 
lets see who truly reads my status .... You and i wake up in a police car together . Using 4 words only , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment you must copy and paste this to your status so i can comment on yours as well ! ( 4 words are harder than you think ) 
Wow , okay so apparently just flirting causes problems with people . Fine , I won't flirt anymore and the way I flirt isn't nearly as bad as most people -_- If you're going to get mad at me DON'T lead me on . God , some people .. 
XD poor guys , we were at hotel and our entire team camped . It was so fun :D we are trying to get this one guy who thinks he's better his name is KingAndrew sucks for him because I'm only prestige 5 and compared to him a prestige 10 he SUCKS 
Meh my dreams are definitely better than reality , but also more painful considering you have to wake up > < Meh well still sick , still playing call of duty on the bright side I have both map packs for free so that means money to buy Hell : The Sequel by Eminem and Royce Da 5'9 " tomorrow :D 
-_- So annoyed , First Strike has been downloading for about 3 hours ... and it's only at 36% <_< HURRY THE HELL UP PLAYSTATION > < 
My letter is J 
Something I like : Japan 
Something I dislike : Jealousy 
Someone : Joey Memmott 
Like and I'll give you a letter 
I am so tempted to ask you to be mine > < Ugh crushes suck sometimes 
Haha no worries Rashid D AlTamime I am going to sleep now :P I sleep eventually basically go to bed 6-8 a.m. then wake up 1-2 p.m. and repeat ^^ 
Fun day today :D Well .... after I wash clothes , take a shower , get ready and clean my room I get to go buy the new Hell : The Sequel CD and to top it all off I get to have a sleep over with Daisy ^^ Anyone else want to make summer plans ? lol I am free every single day ._. except sometime around my birthday and a week before for Girls Camp and A few days in July but meh 
I have a question , what kind of video recorder or camera , etc do you need to film game play ? I have to keep replacing my file shares on Black Ops sooooo I need to start filming and putting it online so I don't have them there forever 
Every time I expect to see you , those hopes are crushed ... so I might as well just give up and tell myself I will never see you again it'll hurt a hell of a lot less than putting my hopes up , this is why I never do . This is why I choose not to have expectations , you just get let down . Anyway on a positive note I got the CD :D except I had to buy it twice since the first was edited >:( 
o.o well that's weird O.o hardly any of my common friends I play with are on lol wtf is going on . Well guess I'll play Little Big Planet till they get on . Going to the coffee shop with Sammy later today :D then sleeping over man it's going to be way fun . Besides that I think I may ask someone out next time I talk to them :P 
Omg ..... Uncharted 3 looks AMAZING the trailers released at E3 ..... I am so excited now :O 
The most hilarious and coolest thing has happened XD My dad's girlfriend has started playing call of duty online on Modern Warfare 2 lmfao It's so funny to hear her react to her deaths or near deaths :P I must film this eventually ;) 
Had an amazing time at Sammy's with her , Ilysa , and Marissa :P We played some interesting and scary games XD Freaking horror games > < Anyway after such a good time I need to start packing for Girl's Camp D: So . Much . To . Pack x.x 
Of course , finally ask them out and they are taken > < oh well ._. This kinda sucks and there's always the pain of being turned down but there are plenty others out there :P 
Lol I wish someone was here with me , I have a bunch of movies I am going to watch and a bunch are horror's or thrillers . I might not be able to make it through them o.o Anyway I am challenging myself to see how long I can stay up :P Let's start with The Last House on the Left ._. 
Plan to stay awake .... has failed .... plan to crash in 3 , 2 , 1 
> < Sooooooo tired haha I guess I didn't sleep enough . I am so screwed for girls camp if my sleep schedule is going to stay like this . Guess I just won't sleep at girl's camp since we have to get up at like 7 ._. 
" Sometimes life seems so unfortunate 
That's why I don't give a sh*t 
The poor stay poor , the rich get richer 
It's just so disproportionate 
You don't know just what I go through 
That's why I would rather show you 
Just how far that I can take it 
Every rule I'm breaking it " - Above The Law : Bad Meets Evil-Hell The Sequel 
Just received some very bad news that I have no idea how i'll be able to cope with ._. have to stay positive tho :P 
Damn man I need $138 dollars for tickets for the next 3 months XD Boondox on my birthday , Katy Perry July 25th , RED with the red jumpsuit apparatus July 26th , Axe Murder Boyz ( AMB ) July 27th , Warped Tour August 6th and finally WET with ATB August 26th o.o 
Made a teddy bear for my playercard on Black Ops XD It's kind of cute ^^ But I can't write RAWR next to it >:( lol I will find a way <_< 
> < I hate dreams I can't help but keep dreaming of you until I see you again :( Ugh anyway soon I might actually be able to move on from this . 
I really need to stop going to sleep at 5 a.m. > < 
So excited for Girls Camp :D lol but I need to get a hold of Jeanette and idk her number or anyone's since I lost the paper with all my contacts on it > < Haha we have to be there at 6:15 and i don't get tired till 5 soooo SLEEPLESS NIGHT lol Besides that I have to go get a whistle to block out my swearing ._. 
I learned a lesson today never EVER get final kill cam on Rashid D AlTamime while camping because you will get cussed out XD Hmmm I wish I could sleep in my laundry room btw lol it smells so amazing :D rofl 
Girl's Camp was amazing ! But I have to admit I am glad to be home . Besides dealing with some tears because of missing someone and then a friend set me off about it I was basically happy the entire time :P Stomach pain and side pain was a distraction but meh . I loved being a YCL and loved everyone in my ward and tent <3 lol blowing up air mattress's at 2 a.m. XD 
Well after uploading my new poems , time to go be with friends again TO BLACK OPS ! * grabs cape , bandana , and hat and runs off * 
Gain a few friends , lose one . I don't care anymore . If you can't respect me and who i care about then stay out of my life . Just a note to everyone , be careful who you trust , because there will definitely be people who don't truly care for you . Anyway , Andrei find a way to get on PSN you weirdo >:( jk lost the game though . 
Birthday in four days :D So excited to turn 16 . If I was to have a party it'd have to be on a friday that cool for everyone ? :P 
I really would like to write more poetry , but I can't think of any topics . Any suggestions ? I would gladly write about anything you think of . Anyway dad's birthday today so I best be off and for the first time in my life ... spend the entire time with family . 
......... the conversations you stumble upon on facebook walls are scary > < * scarred for life , thinking wtfh is wrong with people XD * 
Okay so I planned my birthday party this Friday the 1st of July from 4-11 if you can come great if you can't :/ then I guess I'll see you one day ? It is here in Taylorsville so if you need a ride I can most likely get you one . Oh and bring a swimsuit :) 
So ...... I HATE MY INTERNET ...... that is all 
I love how right before someone signs out they say " I love you " and you just sit there speechless and they sign off of chat and you hate the timing <_< . Anyway I love the people in the SLC . PLUR group <3 they are so amazing , supportive , and entertaining . So tired now though haha 
I got Chris Brown ;) 
Favorite song : With You 
Least favorite song : Next To You ... because Justin Beiber is in it 
like : His looks , his voice , his dance moves 
Dislike : He messed Rihanna up 
Like and I'll give you an artist 
Finally 16 , so glad :D Planning on going to a Boondox ( Band/Rapper ) concert tonight ^^ Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone but I am going to crash early . Family day today and some time for myself , all chatting with pc friends tomorrow , party friday and gaming day saturday ;) So busy this week and maybe church sunday ? 
lol I just love how my voice goes all soft when I see a kid and I turn vulnerable . They have such an effect on me ^^ although if they are stubborn and yelling and kicking and such then I try and be strict but fair at the same time ._. Anyway watching white chicks ( can't listen to satisfaction without imagining ... things XD ) then have a concert tonight :D 
Btw i just LOVE how my family chooses today to still fight .... 
Okay so AMAZING concert ^^ Except for a few things . 1 . my arm hurts from waving so much > < 2 . I got caught in the mosh pit , someone was pushed into me ( rather large ) , I tripped and they fell on me .... smashing me x.x Been a good day except some family crap but I love my birthday so far and friday will be the ending of it <3 
Ughhhh woke up too early > < so much to do today 
Omg .... I just got 38 kills and 0 deaths on radiation without camping XD 
Oi those of you that I'm giving a ride to my party I need address's now .... anddddd GO . 
Party in 4 hours :P If I am picking you up and you haven't given me your address please do it now , because if I know where you live then i still need it since I am not going with to pick people up . If you don't get me the address it might be hard to get you . 
BTW Text 801-654-6160 if you have any concerns/questions 
Thanks to all of you who said you would come and did . Those of you who said you would and didn't .... well sucks for u . Chantel , Sarah , Andrei , Candace , Catherine , Joey , Staunzie , Rachel , Angie , Melissa , Alex , Alex , Aly and all who came are amazing :) All those that ACTUALLY tried to come are the only one's who truly matter to me . 
Haha so done with your bullshit , real friends would actually be there for you and talk to you . Btw don't start things with me if you think this is about you -_- just ask me who it's about and I have no problem saying who . I'm about to just be done with some people for good since our friendship means nothing now for many reasons . 
I may still be in love with you .... but you have officially broken my heart . Good thing I am working on moving on , because this pain isn't something worth holding on to . Anyway , so glad to have friends to hang out with this summer . We are definitely having another party before school starts ;) 
._. So it's interesting I haven't ever really been in many serious relationships and yet .... I am best in advice giving for relationships and am always right about the outcome ? wtfh lol ugh can't stop thinking about some things .... and some people ^^ 
Ugh ..... major headache and it just gets worse when I stand up > < 
Alex , Aly , Amanda , Andrei , Angela , Camille , Candace , Chantel , Daisy , Joey , Rachel , Sarah , Staunzie , Yessie , John = AMAZING . I love everyone in my friends list <3 but it's always good to be know I can always talk to these guys :P 
There once was a paper with a names enveloped inside , i opened it to find quite a surprise ... for there was a bug inside . I threw the paper hoping for it to die . Later I checked and it disappeared before my very eyes . Now I lay awake ..... hoping to god that I do not find it somewhere . 
If things go according to plan then today will be AMAZING :) I better go get ready tho since I just woke up <_< Waking up at 4:30 ? that's new ._. lol anyway HAPPY 4TH OF JULY and may your night be filled with explosions ;] 
Lol had the best time sleeping over at Rachel's house ! After fireworks at JHS of course ^^ We had a deep conversation .... for 5 hours haha it was awesome :) She is so hilarious and fun ! I <3 you fishy ! Anyway I also walked from Sandy .... to Midvale > < It took me forever 
Heck yes ! Got the classes I wanted it looks like :) Thank god that I got teachers I wanted as well like Barnes for AP Psych , Mark for US History , Lauritzen for Humanities , and McDougal for Debate 2 :D Hanging out with 2 of the most amazing people in the world today :) Hopefully :P 
I hate living in Taylorsville <_< Ruins everything . Meh anyway gotta make the best of today . Electro music , gaming , and online friends I'd say ? HECK YES ! Plus being excited about next year . :) 
Hey guys finally got a phone <_< text me ? 801-831-5841 
._. For the first time in my life I have officially rage quit > < Ugh some people just piss me off on call of duty , and usually i leave and do combat training till i'm good again but eh guess my temper is short today ._. 
Planning to stay awake all day long :D should be easy since I got a phone now , even though it pinched me <_< Stupid technology hates me ever since I broke my last phone with a crowbar ..... Anyway :P did I mention that Mariah and Camille are two of the most funniest , sweetest , random , amazing girls I have ever met ? No ? Well now I have ^^ 
Well ..... that's weird O.o I just woke up having no memory of falling asleep in the first place ? Lovely to wake up to freaking andrei's text message saying he lost the game too -.- 
Well interesting day anyway I am cherry ;) haha Back to Pokemon Tower Defense :D 
Well ..... It's nearly 7:20 and I haven't slept yet :D woo hoo this seems to be happening a lot lately . - . Hanging with friends today and then surprising a friend tomorrow :P Oh did I mention I am tired as He11 ? > < lol first pokemon , then south park , and then fanfiction so many things easily distract me o.o 
I love how in my mind when I sing it comes out ... Rudolph can ran over by a reindeer ._. and once I'm done thinking about that I end up thinking about Yoshi and Penguins O.o wth is wrong with me XD 
So this week has been amazing <3 Sleep over with Rachel on monday then again on friday , but with Aly . Also hanging out with Michael , Frank , Jose , Damien , Kodi as well as some others with them . I hung out with Camille and Maddi today and it was fun I haven't seen her in months :) Wish Mariah could have hung out with us too tho D: 
We're through being cool !!!! ~ Stops after saying 10 times ._. ....... * seconds later * DARN ( edited version ) YOU SKY HIGH ! D:< Now for AVP , AVP Requiem , Predator , Predator 2 , and plenty more movies that are going to either disturb me or scare me ._. WOO HOO No sleep again :D 
I have a zero tolerance on drugs Try to get me to do some and you'll unleash the ange ... http://yearbook.com/a/1ha8ra?ref=nf 
Playing Black Ops with Leo and Brandon is so much fun :D Lol they make me laugh :) 
Gonna rap along with Eminem all day long until my voice goes out . It'll get harder once I move onto the new album since they rap pretty fast . Either way this is how I practice for debate . You gotta have to be able to speak fast and clear in competitions and that's just what I will do :P 
Finally done with rapping ._. lol the only downside is my throat hurting , I feel light headed , and i have a headache :P Oh well took a lot of breath to do that . Now time to release some boredom and go try and prestige again on Black Ops :D 
Oh jeez XD the things i do and say when i haven't slept hahaha people think i am drunk . Laughing and giggling after killing team mates and taunting mr. Greene guys who are like a G6 lmfao . 
I am going to have a sleep over at Sammie's house yay . :D Always good to go back and hang out with my younger friends , I am so glad you guys are going to Jordan next year . :) Also , to all my other classmates we are going to be juniors , oh I have a feeling this next year will be so much fun ! Especially for us debaters , because this year we are going to be even better than last ( Unbelievable I know ) . 
Helping someone you like with relationships hurts like heck but if they are going to be happy and i helped i can't help but smile :) 
Had the most amazing time having a sleep over with Sammie Hansen XD Except I now have another nickname D: Stupid Happy Feet .... Lol " Are you making fun of me " , " BFO " , " Shut up " , " It's funny cus I get it " ... we make saying the simplest things funny :P I think I haven't laughed and giggled that much in a while and man did I miss it ! 
..... So lol Harry Potter obsession to the max > < I've already read every books more than 10 times and now I am going over youtube videos o.o and I can already tell 2 things . 1 . I will cry and 2 . There is no way this movie will disappoint me ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mObK5XD8udk http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NYt1qirBWg watch both :P 
Well what do you know I could have taken a picture of me without a hat , but I have no camera . Sucks for you guys :P Harry Potter today :D Meh btw my sleep schedule is irritating <_< Can't sleep till 8 a.m. then I oversleep * rolls eyes * It makes no sense D:< lol youth conference tomorrow and monday hanging with my PLURERS :) 
So Harry Potter and The Deathly Hallows Part 2 was amazing ! I was only disappointed with 2 things , other then that it was accurate , yeah it didn't really do things the same as the book but they got the point across . Sad , Hilarious , and action packed . A perfect way to end of a series that will never grow old ... MISCHIEF MANAGED . 
Is anyone else just done with the people who overreact and constantly think you are lying just because you give them your honest opinion ? I am . Not texting certain people and I'm staying off the internet till my temper cools . Gonna play call of duty for now . Just can't wait for monday then I can hang out with a bunch of friends I have yet to meet . 
Omg lol Brandon Bruemmer is such a dork :P prank calling me from skype with a creepy computer voice O.o He makes call of duty so much fun though ! 
Note to self : don't play call of duty for 15 hours straight it makes your eyes hurt like hell x.x 
Endless hours of call of duty trying to prestige again , falling asleep at 8 . a.m. , getting up at 3:40 p.m. all to repeat the cycle again . :P Today I will finally reach prestige 7 and then get more than half way to prestige 8 ^^ 
Contemplating whether or not to go back and live with my mom from when school starts to when it ends . Being there , I will live by my friends again ... but at the same time it has it's negatives . Any thoughts ? 
Totally overreacted > < I will go back and apologize later on for being so childish and taking things too seriously -.- 
Been dealing with drama all day and it has definitely been painful , I really screwed up this time :/ Anyway it was nice meeting people at the PLUR Cream Night even though I had to deal with stuff over the phone most the time . 
Never snuck out . 
Never had sex . 
Never skipped class . 
Never smoked . 
Never drank . 
Never broke the law . 
Put this as your status and who ever likes it thinks your lying ! ( ; 
4:30 in the morning and what am I doing ? Helping one of my best friends with their summer homework -.- Funnnn sometimes I hate being smart :P lol 
Oh you've got to be kidding me <_< I've past my limit of getting tired at 8:30 which I had been doing for 2 weeks or so and every time it increases I can't go to sleep till then every day > < My sleep schedule is going to be sooooo bad that I won't be able to hang out since I'm only awake in the morning -.- 
Lol went to sleep around 3 p.m. woke up at 10 and now I am helping a friend with hw again :P Watching Family Guy while on skype and doing research haha 
Since I'm multitasking , bored , and feel like being random inbox me a number and I'll tell you what I think about you . ;D Stealing this from a friend atm >:) 
All of you guys that video capture your gaming ... I am considering buying a video capture card or something of the sort . Currently I am trying to decide between the Blackmagic Intensity Pro and Intensity Shuffle . However , I do know there are others . I am looking for good quality but not too expensive . Any suggestions ? 
Man this week is not that great considering all that's going on . Thank God for the BBQ Saturday I need to take my mind off of things . Also , so grateful for Rachel Ricks for always being there for me :) It's always amazing to have deep talks that last for hours with best friends ^^ 
Likeeee this and i will tell you ... 
How we met : 
Who are you to me : 
What I like about you : 
What I dislike about you : 
Favorite memory of us : 
Honestly , you are : 
How close are we 1-10 : 
Nice or mean : 
Best feature : 
Do I have your number ? : 
Stranger or friend : 
Ditch or chill : 
Hug or kiss : 
Cute or ugly : 
First impression 
Although my memory is horrible so sorry if I forget where we met ._. 
Wow lol I wrote a poem that according to someone who really liked it " was deeper than the pacific ocean and tells a story of the truth while still being a poem in itself . " I didn't ever think I could write one like that .... It truly surprised me . I guess my perception of things is a little out there , but at the same time true to its words that hardly anyone ever thinks of . 
Man being honest has its negatives ._. Also I am so freaking tired I haven't slept all day and I have no idea why O.o Well talking to friends is always fun ^^ 
Wtf does Kenny die in like every single South Park episode ? XD Poor little guy 
As stupid as people believe the show is I've been re-watching episodes Tila Tequila A Shot At Love 2 all night and it still makes you cry when you see your favorite characters like George leave D: 
Dear sleep schedule F --- you ! Let me sleep at a regular time D:< 
Whoaaaaa > < lol I fell asleep on my couch while I was talking to friends on skype ... FAIL 
Playing uno with my family XD funny as hell 
Was going to go to Warped Tour but then I realized none of the bands are actually worth going for . Waiting out on WET ft . ATB , Katy Perry , and RED :P Anyway tough decision today <_< I realized I have a call of duty tournament hosted by noobfeed on black ops today and also a BBQ > < Which means less time gaming but only for 3 hours ^^ And I'm missing my cousins birthday party -.- fml 
If there is any musical artists out there that I truly respect it would have to be Eminem . Unlike so many other rappers he actual raps about things other than just sex and drugs . He has hidden meaning behind so many of his song . He's come a long way in his career . I will never stop listening to his songs . Bad Meets Evil : Hell The Sequel will change rap for the better . 
If you think I'm nice ... Like this status . 
If you think I'm a good friend ... Comment on this status . 
If you have ever liked me ... Poke me . I won't tell . I promise . 
If you like me now ... Inbox me a heart . I won't tell . I promise . 
If you think we should talk more ... Message your fav number 
If you are brave ... Make this your status 
My favorite game of all time ... = FABLE . What's yours ? :) 
Katy Perry Concert today totally spaced it but it's in two hours so plenty time to go ^^ Lol my dad's gf's daughter was coloring in her book of mormon storybook XP I stopped her tho . Also played uno with the family today it was fun needed to get out of my room :] 
Katy Perry Live = AMAZING ! Tomorrow my voice will die for sure , because I have a RED concert to go to later today . Lol and naturally I get home to see my family playing uno and being cruel to each other XD ( not like I've ever been mean or anything ... ) <3 I love yesterday ^^ 
Hell yes ! RED concert tonight <3 Voice will be gone tomorrow . Then nothing tomorrow , thursday possibly hanging with andrei , friday party :) Busy week but it's a week full of fun . The most amazing week I've had in a long time . 
Conclusion : Uncharted 2 on the Crushing difficulty is nearly impossible to beat , even more so without dying . Trophy hunting right now . Also , started playing Assassins Creed 2 . It's not so bad in my opinion , but not the best either . Took a break from inFAMOUS and Black Ops . Hmmm shall I try to get the rest of my trophies from Modern Warfare 2 ? I think so ! 
RED concert was the best :) Although I screamed my voice hoarse . I am pretty sure I will not be able to talk later on . 
So apparently when I say " Dang It " * edited for friends benefit * on Black Ops I sound like something off of south park and it's funny .... and cute <_< FML lol 
Just watched " For Colored Girls " it was a very powerful and emotional movie . I suggest you watch it . Eh btw some things are too strong <_< Hanging out with Andrei tomorrow ( most likely ) then going to a party Friday . :) 
According to my friend I need to drop people since I deal with so much drama , but really I don't mind . People tell me things , because they trust me and since I know things I end up involved . Yes , it's stressful , but in reality I'm strong enough to deal with drama weekly . It's like they say , " If you can't take the heat , get out of the kitchen . " 
Awesome day :) Talked to Kam , Andrei , and Sarah all day basically and let Cherish talk to them for a while XD Then Andrei came over and we played Fallout : New Vegas . In which we totally brutally murdered everyone in town , we cut off their head and limbs then made them float around with us rofl . Decided I will not swear or be negative on my fb anymore , there is no point in complaining on a social networking site . 
" Pain is inevitable , suffering is optional . " I live by this quote , you know why ? Because things happen and they make you depressed or hurt , but it is YOUR choice on how long it continues to hurt . Party soon <3 Happy Birthday Mary !! 
Had a really amazing time at Mary's Party :) There was some drama but afterwards it got intense with conversation and we all go to know each other a little better . Slept over too and it was crazy XD Anyway now that I am home , I just bought the new Black Ops Map Pack Annihilation and am currently downloading it :D 
:( the new zombie map is scary and difficult lol only got to round 5 till i died -.- 
I have another favorite band , called Evans Blue . They are amazing and I came across their music at the RED concert . Check out their music :) <3 
" Alright so you're something called A Soul Reaper ? Mhm . And you're telling me that you were sent here on a mission by something called the Soul Society ? Mhm . To deal with demons like the one we saw in the street today ? Mhm . Which was chasing after that girls soul ? Mhm . That's all believable to me ... * flips over table * ALONG WITH FLYING PIGS AND THE TOOTHFAIRY !!!!! " - Ichigo 
After four years of being in love with you , I am finally starting to give up on you . You know why ? Because it's not worth having such strong and true feelings for someone when they can never be returned . It's time to move on and be happy with someone else . Time to start replacing you in my heart . I need to be completely happy , and be happy I shall . 
Honestly ..... I am EXTREMELY sick of all the negativity -.- It's cool to drop a negative status/comment once in a while , but every single status/comment ? I am considering editing my friends list . Everyone knows I am a negative person , but I have worked hard to change that so I suggest you do the same . <_< Anyway , love my friends on SLC . PLUR , Skype , PSN <3 Also , those of you who are close to me outside the internet ^^ 
It's really awkward trying to reconnect with old friends on fb when all you have to go off of when finding them is the 6th/7th grade old pictures and then you friend request the one you think it is . - . 
Watching Digimon The Movie right now XD and going to watch billy and mandy where he turns to chocolate and eats himself oh i love my childhood movies/shows :) 
I have the need to play Paper Mario T.T I already watched Digimon : The Movie . Also , need to watch that Billy and Mandy episode still ! D: Kammeh you are the pedobear :P Andrei you lost the game . Have a good day all ^^ <3 
Escape The Fate , Evans Blue , Flyleaf , Hollywood Undead , BrokeNcyde , Katy Perry , RED , Eminem , Three Days Grace , BFMV , Senses Fail , Papercut Massacre , Benny Benassi , ATB , The Script .... Ugh so many good bands to listen to today <3 
Playing Black Ops with DJ , Nightstalker , R_MAC , bob , kojack , and Hitchhiker :P We were doing pretty good , hasn't lost a single game until the last one <_< Working up to that 9th prestige :D 
Haha great just when I thought I got on a regular sleeping schedule , oh I envy those who can sleep at a regular time ._. Anyway , watching Bleach till I crash :D 
Just read Bleach chapter 452 . It was AMAZING . That many chapters and it is still going and I just start to love it more and more . The fighting that is about to come up .... well I have a feeling that it will be epic . :D 
Broke ! Inside , 
This life , you can never be reborn within , 
I came this far erase my scars . 
Fight ! This time , 
Inside , take a break from the lie you live , 
I came this far , erase my scars . - Erase My Scars : Evans Blue 
Wonders many things ..... but currently I can only wonder what it'd be like to have an egg as a friend :D 
Dang not a good day emotionally , can't have that :P It'll take a bit of time but I will make it so I can easily laugh and smile again ^^ Just have to read through old messages from last night on my other status XD 
Children , hypocrisy , that's what I give , you can take it from me If you don't , wont live to see One last act of tragedy A mothers heart can make me humble No life lost can make it stumble Our empire will never crumble [ Chorus :] We did it for the glory The glory Only the glory We live inside a story It's a story All for the glory-Hollywood Undead : Glory 
Say you were a serial killer . Here are the rules : 
Go to your profile and look at your friends on the left side . 
1st person turns you in : Sammie Hansen D: Sad day !!! 
2nd person knows but doesn't tell anyone : Alex James Baty hahahaha probably 
3rd person is your partner in crime : Daisy Beltran ( No surprise there ) 
4th person is your first victim : Rachel Ricks XD 
5th person tries ( may succeed ) to kill you : Candace Helm :o 
Dang ._. Still haven't slept XP Oh well , dupstep FTW <3 even if it hurts your ears ^^ 
I will just say this , if you have been " in love " or " liked " someone for a long time or even just barely developed feelings and you tell them over facebook .... You are kind of idiotic ._. ( Sorry If I offend for I am extremely tired from lack of sleep ) 
Alright haha finally fell asleep at 10 A.M. and then wake up at 6:30 P . M ..... FAIL . Anyway me and sarah are making a huge list of the hottest girls XD and I have 10 friends on it ;] Meh Warped Tour is tomorrow , but in my opinion none of the bands are worth going for considering I only like one and not much . :P 
My friends think I have Carpal Tunnel ._. Oh welllll 
Staying off the internet for a while .... the pain in my hand is just too painful to type :/ Love you guys ! 
Learned that walking around for 1-2 hours after no excercise results in a blister and nearly collapsing from exhaustion x.x yet i still choose to keep walking ._. stupid sandy -_- 
I haven't been this scared of myself in a long time .. in fact theres only two things i'm truly afraid of but now there's 3 . Also two blisters x.x i still have scars from previous ones . Meh party saturday i'm way excited :) 
Just received plenty of information that will be difficult to take in without worrying . However , I will stand strong ! I will keep my held up high and my shoulders will hold the weight . I can take on anything that comes my way . I deal with more than my share of drama and pain , but I will continue to . Because I can handle it and it saves someone else from dealing with more than they can take . <3 
I think the worst thing about having my phone off right now is that at this moment I really need to talk to someone about things , but I do not have that option considering where I live and having no way of communicating with those I trust to a point ._. 
Ugh hand pain is starting to get worse <_< Meh anyway registration tomorrow and party saturday . This week will be amazing <3 except that Bleach has no manga out this week lol but oh well I have to be patient =P Looking forward to October/November so I can get MW3 , Uncharted 3 , Batman Arkham City and some other games :D 
Struggling to stay positive right now <_< I need my phone back on so I can talk to someone , because I know for a fact keeping it all in ... problems AND feelings just makes you weak . Which is why I'm so grateful for certain things , because they can distract you and bring light into your life .. even if it's just for a short while . Thanks to all my friends , I love all of you even if we hardly talk or hang out <3 :) 
So I have come to a conclusion that I have too many gorgeous/hot friends lol . P.S. To all those in a poke war with me I am very sorry for I have been so irresponsible ... I mean you did know poking causes pregnancy right ? ;D XD 
Over and over , over and over 
I fall for you 
I try not to 
You make me fall for you 
You don't even try to <3 
Official Schedule : 1 . AP Psychology with Barnes 2 . Weight Training 1 with Kjar 3B . US History with Mark 4 . Chemistry with Carr 5 . Humanities with Lauritzen 6 . Financial Literacy with Brady 7A . Debate 2 with McDougal 8 . Intermediate Algebra with Tanner . I have 2 classes 2nd semester that I have to see the counselor for <_< . P.S. NEVER wear Stilettos to anything that will last a while .... even if they are sexy T.T 
Go to your profile . Look to your left . First 7 friends are your Zombie Apocalypse Team . 
Sidekick : Andrei Ramsey 
Heavy Weapons : Mariah Ryan 
The killer that survives : Mandy Elizabeth Sinclair 
Sniper : Candace Helm 
The one that loses it : Sarah Radcliffe 
The Brains : Alex Mccarthy 
The First to Die : Alex James Baty 
Man ..... I am in complete shock about Kenzie Christensen ..... Of all people I didn't expect to lose her . I may not have been close to her much at all ... but I knew her . My heart broke along with everyone elses when I heard the news ... I can't help but think of her along with a friend who I lost to suicide in 6th grade .... Today my mind will be solely focused on those two </3 R.I.P. 
Wow ..... I love you so much it's crazy . People may tell me over and over that people our age cannot fall in love ... but I have been in love with you for four years and it keeps growing every time we talk . I cannot wait till school starts and I can have you in my arms again . I miss you so much . I am so grateful to have you in my life , for you have saved me so many times . I can't get over you no matter how hard I try . You are just too special to me to be forgotten and replaced . <3 
Pretend you're a Pokemon trainer . Here are the rules : Go to your profile and look at your friends on the left side . 
1st person is the Professor : Rachel Ricks 
2nd person is your Rival : Mandy Elizabeth Sinclair 
3rd person is the elite 4 champion : Chantel Boyd 
4th person is the leader of Team Rocket : Candace Helm 
5th person is the crazy moon-worshiper at Mt . Moon : Sarah Radcliffe 
6th person is the Nurse Joy : Stephanie Larsen 
7th person is the shopkeeper : Alex James Baty 
1st Care of Magical Creatures teacher : Kassie Hansen 
2nd is an Animagus : Ariana Grow 
3rd Professional Quidditch player : Chris Wells 
4th the Heir of Slytherin : Richard Humberg 
5th is really a House Elf : Jorge Galvizo 
Blasting From The Inside by Linkin Park in my room while getting ready for the party tonight :] I love this song !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I am soooooooo disappointed in myself , no way am I doing that again x.x I feel terrible ..... _ . 
Party last night was fun even though it had some bad things =P I loved hanging out with everyone ! Except Alex M .... who totally camped all night on Black Ops <_< but then he was cool as we teamed up against Alex B and Colton and totally pwned . Thank you to all who went I truly appreciate it , especially since it gave me more time with some of my amazing friends ^^ 
My best saying ever = " Sarah , you could be the next Santa Clause . * Andrei , Candace , and Sarah laugh and say what ? * I mean ... you have the hair , you're big , but have the muscle , but you'll be sexier ..... " * Everyone laughs and I fall down from laughing so hard * 
School in exactly one week :] Heck yes !!!! Who all's excited ?!?!?!?!?! :D 
So watching a bunch of saw movies in a row WASN'T the smartest idea I've ever had ._. 
Yay for Bleach :D I just love seeing the episodes of Ichigo fighting Grimmjow and Ulquiorra those fights are intense ! Gonna find a way to get to the volleyball game if it's the last thing I do >:[ Meh also need to buy my WET ticket soon D: 
Great day . Got to meet Ari and Echo which they really are extremely cool and easy to get along with . Then hung out with Al & played the tank game for a while :) 
Candace and I are showing a couple of squashmores around the school at 11 so come if you want but let us know . 
Is it silly that i get so jealous and sad about the fact that people get to hang out with you and i don't ? :/ ugh i need to move on -.- 
Wow really ? You don't care that i want to go home ? You don't care that i am willing to walk ? You just tell me not to get hit by a car . Bad parenting geez . 
I confess ....... my favorite snack is melted cheese on bread XP NOMNOMNOMNOM 
Greatttttt Sarah got me hooked on Swords & Potions XP 
Like and I'll tell you truthfully . ( : 
1 . How old you look : 
2 . Are you ugly : 
3 . Do I like your profile picture : 
4 . First thought about you : 
5 : Best feature : 
6 . Would I ever date you : 
7 . Do I still think about you : 
8 . I call you : 
9 . Your name in my phone : 
10 . Truth is : 
11 . I think : 
12 . I Consider you : 
13 . Are you important to me : 
14 . Do I dare you to make this your status : 
Is anyone else just sick of everyone and everything right now ? <_< For some reason I'm in a bad mood ugh . Swords and Potions needs to load so I can get away from Skype and Fb and Drama and just have fun . 
Seriously .... I am so done with this . I stick up for you even though you treat everyone including me like crap . I deal with all your insensitivity , because I know you have a good side to you and we have each others backs . But I have a limit of how much of your BS I can take . I am intelligent , good with school work , and hanging out with my friends means everything to me . If you don't realize this about me , GET OUT OF MY LIFE ! I'm sick and tired of being treated like some stupid useless girl ! 
Three more days until school starts ! Heck yes ! I have to say this year is going to be amazing . Especially with all my sophomore friends coming to the school ! I mean I really miss you guys ! Plus I am taking so many awesome classes with the best teachers . Although I am going to miss the sexy Cassie and hilarious Steph and my other friends that graudated ;D 
Just found out that my new sibling is going to be a boy :] 
As soon as I buy a Bleach Ichigo Bankai Costume and Hollow Mask , I am going to run down the street with my Tensa Zangetsu copy yelling " Getsuga Tenshou " and " Bankai ! " because that's just how nerdy I am XP 
Say you're Harry Potter . Go to your profile and look at the friends down the left side . The first two are your loveable sidekicks : Andrei Ramsey and Mariah Ryan 
3rd is your slytherin enemy : Stephanie Larsen 
4th is the dark lord : CandyKane Abyss 
5th is a follower of the dark lord : Meghan Hawkins 
6th is your white bearded mentor : Sarah Radcliffe 
7th is your owl : Chantel Boyd 
8th is your loveable house elf : Ariana Grow 
PLUR-B-Q was fun :] It was kinda weird since everyone was older than me by quite a bit , but it was great to hang out . It was funny to watch everyone play Beer Pong XP I played too , but luckily didn't need to drink anything . Can't wait to hang out with everyone again next week at WET =D 
Who all has B lunch on A days and A lunch on B days ? 
Finally reached Bleach episode 200 while I'm on chapter 460 . So many episodes left to go XP And the manga just keeps continuing . School starts in 2 days and I have no idea what I'm going to do for the rest of the weekend ._. 
I <3 DUBSTEP 
I am seriously almost glowing in excitement XD I want to run around and yell in joy that school starts tomorrow :D which makes me seriously think something is wrong with me O.o * re-posted due to a spelling error XP * 
Of course , school starts tomorrow and the only thing I am concerned with is what music will be on my I-pod . Major downloading and converting going on lol . I am so excited that I probably won't sleep and I am drinking monster tomorrow beginning of school XP Oh dear ..... be afraid .. be VERY afraid =D 
Oh ffffff now I am nervous to the point where I have stomach pain and feel sick x.x Stupid feelings >:[ 
Got 20 minutes or so of sleep to wake up feeling increasingly sick and nauseous . The stomach pain won't go away either and I am not going to risk eating , because if I do there's a chance I'll be sick x.x Screw you anxiety D:< I shall conquer you by the end of the day . 
Alright so today was alright , the thing I liked was having friends in my classes . However , in my Chemistry class I want to kill someone considering they are mostly preppy or annoying . I ended up with a headache due to their stupid questions and interruptions .... why on earth did I have to end up with a class full of idiots ? Anyway I also lost my phone today > < Thank God Debate and Humanities are tomorrow . =P 
Whoaaaaaa I slept for 11 hours ._. Guess school is tiring after all O.o On the bright side I have debate and humanities today =D and two more boring classes . Found out the cure to feeling sick and it is ..... Water . I found out where my phone is too , I just have to get it back tomorrow . All in all I think today will be better than yesterday . 
So honestly .... some major things happened today that were painful , but I am going to stick to the positive . Humanities was fun especially with Rachel and Sarah in Lauritzens class she's awesome ^^ And debate was amazing lol my whole right arm is covered in art that Mariah decided to write and draw on my arm lol and I love it ! It's fun with Mariah , Brittany , Jerel , Angel , Trenton , Mason , Symphany and everyone else ^^ 
I just LOVE how one of my now OLD best friends and this guy cause all this damage and then I have to be the one to break the news to one of my other best friends which completely destroys her ... I hate you . I really do . I hate hurting others and I hope you pay for this , because not only was she hurt , but I was too .. 
I would just like to say Thank You to all those who haven't backstabbed me or spread rumors about me . I truly respect you and love you . I got your back if you got mine :] Besides , thanks to one person I am so incredibly happy right now <3 I'm pretty sure I'll be going to sleep with a smile on my face and love in my thoughts and heart ^^ 
Meh no school for me today , I've been feeling sick lately and decided to have a day to recuperate . Also , I wanted to stay away from drama for the day so I'm just relaxing until tomorrow where everything gets interesting . 
If all my friends were to jump off a bridge , I wouldn't jump with them . I'd be at the bottom to catch them ... <3 
I'm the type of person who will send a cute quote along with good night , sweet dreams ... http://yearbook.com/a/1nia25?ref=nf 
I have to say .... Every conversation on SLC . PLUR scares me but also makes me laugh XD The people are just amazing <3 They make me excited for raves and hanging out on the weekends . Anyway , tell you what . For every like this status gets I shall post a confession about me . :] 
So i had my dads gf check me out of school since i had such intense stomach pain that i threw up and got dizzy x.x the strange thing is i have some stomach pain at home but it only gets really bad at school or on my way to school ._. Hope i feel better for tomorrow . 
Confession 1 : I'm a absolute romantic at heart . I love getting someone flowers , writing love poetry , spending over $100 on gifts . I tend to compliment all the time , send sweet texts , call just to hear their voice , walk somewhere to surprise them , carry them , give up everything and anything for them ... Very hard to explain lol it'd be easier if someone else explained how . ( P.S. posting two confessions for every like and I am giving away my WET ticket if anyone wants it ) 
Confession 2 : I have divided my " good " , " dark " , mature , childish , and sexual sides of me into separate personalities . It's not likely anyone will see more than 2 of those and only 3 at the most . Not something I'm really proud of ._. But If you ever find me confusing this is why . I tend to contradict myself in every way possible due to this as well . 
Confession 3 : I am completely obsessed with Bleach which is an anime . I love anime and manga as well . I have been following it for a long time and am up to date with it which the latest chapter as of yesterday is Chapter 461 and I have watched the anime at least 5 times and still love it . <3 I even have an replica of Ichigo's Bankai Sword Tensa Zangetsu above my bed ^^ * proud nerd * 
Just walked to Panda Express and got food bwahahahahaha be jealous ;D 
I'm starting to become extremely worried about my stomach pain . It's not bad at my house , but it's there . On my way to school or at school though it becomes twice as bad . And for some reason .... it becomes unbearable around someone I truly care about x.x Ugh . 
Confession 4 : I can understand why people kill , torture , and do the things they do . I have also been told I understand everything . 
Confession 5 : I have a hard time letting go of people . If someone hurts me really badly , I end up going back no matter how many times it occurs . I just can't let people go . 
Confession 6 : I dedicate my life to helping others . I would give up anything for someone just to see them smile again . I plan on becoming a psychologist and helping as many people as I possibly can or even becoming a profiler for the FBI . 
If there's anything I'm sure of ... it's that I love you . <3 http://yearbook.com/a/1nv28b?ref=nf 
Confession 7 : I am actually very sensitive , but tend to hide that side to me so that people don't know just how vulnerable I am . Confession 8 : I'm a Cancer so like a crab , when I am hurt I withdraw myself so I cannot be hurt any further . I won't talk much , and will try to hide my emotions deep inside . Also , I won't be able to trust you completely ever again . 
Omg .... the fourth Bleach movie ..... IT'S AMAZING !!!! Anddddd I am way too obsessed with Bleach ._. 
6 in the morning and what have I been up doing all night ? Reading love stories <_< Wowwwww I am pathetic XD 
Ariana Grow and Echo DuRoss are the cutest couple ever :] You can tell that they truly love each other and only have eyes for one another . Their happiness is contagious . Seeing just how intelligent , happy , caring , sweet , and amazing they are I just look up to them more . 
Another reason to love Humanities- The first hw assignment is to give our opinion on teaching Creationism in school . Confession 9 : Unlike other debaters I see all sides in a debate ... which tends to piss people off , because I easily partially agree with all of them . I'm taking my second year of debate this year and my specialty is Spar , possibly Oratory soon as well . 
Andrei : A STRIPPER 
Shayley : IN IRELAND 
Alex : WITH ICING ON TOP 
Andrei : THAT POLE DANCES 
Shayley : WHILE SHE SUCKS 
Alex : icing cant poledance 
Alex : thats rediculas 
Shayley : XD 
Andrei : YOU RUINED IT 
^This is what happens when we are bored on skype ... 
Okay .... who pissed off the gods ? The lightning was insane tonight ._. 
Again up late reading love stories specifically Harry Potter fanfiction XD I think I am obsessed . Although , just reading about how much love someone can possess make your heart warm and you smile knowing one day you'll have that happiness :] 
Great ....... threw up before I could even go to school .... today is not going to be fun . I seriously despise this continuous stomach pain -.- 
No school for me today , checked out .. again ._. I think I may need to go to a doctor to either see what's wrong with me or get some anxiety medication . Confession 10 : I would willingly give my life , soul , heart , and being to help someone in any way . If it meant they could be happy , live a good life , and have no major pain . I would do this at any time and even for someone I truly hate . 
Seriously grinning like an idiot from reading love stories XD but they are so cute and I can't help but think of you every time I read them <3 
So my cat had her kittens today :] I can't wait to go over later today and see them !!! 
The kittens were sooo cute :] I am excited for tomorrow . I heard my best friend totally owned one of the best debaters in our class ._. Makes me scared haha . Anyway , trying my luck with Fallout 3 and I'm going to get online Black Ops more since I miss my friends !! 
Dang :/ threw up again . Ugh seriously i hate how we can only miss so much school . Today is going to suck . 
I hate how people assume I am not smart simply because I am lazy . I am actually highly intelligent as hard as it is to believe . I can see right through you for I'm good at seeing who people truly are . Watch out , not only am I interested in psychology , but also in profiling . Keep treating me like I'm nothing and I'll show you just how many differences there are between you and I . P.S. I AM sick and want to be at school regardless of what you think ! 
You can take everything I have You can break everything I am Like I'm made of glass Like I'm made of paper Go on and try to tear me down I will be rising from the ground Like a skyscraper Like a skyscraper . As the smoke clears , I awaken and untangle you from me Would it make you , feel better to watch me while I bleed ? All my windows still are broken But I'm standing on my feet- Skyscraper : Demi Lovato 
