The latest and newest diet plan that works ! Its in the news http://xs.md/KPV 
just had a great evening and just loved it :) 
Cheers to a new year and another chance for us to get it right :D happy new year everybodyyyyy :D 
I hate homeworks on holidays , especially when i have a little time to finish a lottt of it :( 
happy new year ... at last its 2010 :) 
found a baby gooobay outside her door :D 
feels great to be back home !!!!!! 
england it is ... :D 
Today was mom's birthday , i wouldn't like to brag but i just made her day ... yayyyyyyy !!!!!!! :D 
Gravity-Sara Bareilles :) ( is now stuck !! ) 
is jus extremllllyyyy HAPPY :D 
Finally she's back !!! :))))) Arya Anwesha welcum back :D :D :D 

(* i had warned u ;) ) hehehe : * 
miss u guys choooo much Asha Pruthvi and Nisha Reddy <3 
My last few precious minutes as a teenager ... I already feel old :( 
" Your car is Japanese . Your pizza is Italian . Your beer is German . Your wine is Spanish . Your democracy is Greek . Your coffee is Brazilian . Your tea is Chinese . Your watch is Swiss . Your fashion is French . Your shirt is Indian . Your shoes are Thai . Your radio is Korean . Your vodka is Russian . And you complain about your neighbor being an immigrant ? " Copy this if you are against racism 
' s INTRINSIC MOTIVATION is sooooo low right now !! :( 
Weekends don't count unless you spend them doing something completely pointless . :) :) 
hates the letters C I & A :( 
> 4years : mom 
knowseverything ! 8years : mom knows a lot ! 12years : mom really doesn't 
knoweverything !... 14years : mom knows nothing ! 16years : mom , 
whatmom !... 18years : mom is outdated ! 25years : maybe mom knows ! 
35years : before deciding let's ask mom ! 45years : I wonder what mom 
... thinks ! 75years : I wish mom was here to ask her ! Post this in ... your 
wall ifyou have the best mom in the world ! Love you Mom !? ? ? 
:D :D :D i promised i wont tag you !!! ;) hehehe 
piggy !!! ;) 
and she did it !!!! CONGRATULATIONS Nisha Reddy <3 :D :D :D 
me , mommmy and shoppin !!! :D ahhhhh a perfect day :D :D 
Even the best fall down sometimes 
Even the wrong words seem to rhyme 
Out of the doubt that fills your mind 
You finally find you and I collide * - Howie Day :) 
likes it on the divan !! 
Arya Anwesha ;) :) :) :) me happiee 
No day is so bad , it can't be fixed with a nap 
most people have a 1000 wishes for Christmas ; a cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know 97% of you won't re-post this to your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honour of someone you know has died , or is fighting , or has survived cancer , please copy and repost ...? 
is in one of those moods where everything annoys me !! >.< 
