Hope is the feeling you have that the feeling you have isn't permanent . - Jean Kerr 
Be with someone who knows what they have when they have you . 
" I could dance with you till the cows come home ... On second thought , I'd rather dance with the cows when you came home . " from Duck Soup ( 1933 ) 
Oh la mort , mon ami hésitant , m'embrasser et me donne la paix éternelle ! 
There are two types of poor people , those who are poor together and those who are poor alone . The first are the true poor , the others are rich people out of luck . - Jean-Paul Sartre 
" Sin is occasioned precisely by the fact that man refuses to admit his ' creatureliness ' and to acknowledge himself as merely a member of a total unity of life . He pretends to be more than he is . " - Reinhold Niebuhr 
" Black and white thinking " is the false dichotomy of assuming anything not good is evil and vice versa . 
" If you enter this world knowing you are loved and you leave this world knowing the same , then everything that happens in between can be dealt with . " - Michael Jackson 
" If your parents never had children , chances are ... neither will you . " - Dick Cavett 
Die slag is gelewer 
In a real dark night of the soul it is always three o'clock in the morning - F . Scott Fitzgerald 
is back in the platinum city . 
" An intellectual is a person who has discovered something more interesting than sex . " - Aldous Huxley 
as gatkruip ' n siekte was .... 
is off to Johannesburg for the weekend . 
If I said you had a beautiful body , would you hold it against me ? 
:-/ => :-| 
Vergeet die skollies op die straat , en die hoere in die Kaap . Skryf gerugte in die hoofstraat , al maak jy mense kwaad . Vee jou gat af aan die staat , want jy’s die saad van ‘n psigopaat . - Abel Kraamsaal 
had just a tiiiiiny bit too much to drink tonight ..... < hic > 
Experienced taxi drivers have bigger hippocampi 
Morality is largely a matter of geography - Elbert Hubbard 
back from the rugby ... we lost ..... :-( 
:-/ => :-| => :-) 
" Every man in the world is better than someone else and not as good as someone else . " - William Saroyan 
According to Wikipedia , a hypnic jerk is an involuntary myoclonic twitch which occurs during hypnagogia . go figure . :-) 
There's a skeeter on my peter , sweet Marie There's another on my brother , can't you see There's a dozen on my cousin Can't you hear those bastards buzzin ' There's a skeeter on my peter , sweet Marie 
" Mocht ik door de drank bezwijken . Mocht ik naar de donder gaan , laat dan op m'n grafsteen prijken . Hij kon niet meer op z'n benen staan . " - Jan Boezeroen 
Like sand through the hourglass , so are the days of our lives .... hehe 
In the landscape of spring , there is neither better nor worse . The flowering branches grow naturally , some long , some short . 
suppose I should get out of bed now ... 
Synæsthesia is a neurological condition in which two or more bodily senses are coupled . In one common form of synesthesia , known as grapheme ? color synesthesia , letters or numbers are perceived as inherently coloured , while in ordinal linguistic personification , numbers , days of the week and months of the year evoke personalities . 
You thought that it could never happen to all the people that you became , your body lost in legend , the beast so very tame . But here , right here , between the birthmark and the stain , between the ocean and your open vein , between the snowman and the rain , 
In een vorig leven geloofde ik nog in reïncarnatie , maar nu niet meer . 
is excited about this weekend .... 
what's for supper ....? 
The statistics on sanity is that one out of every four persons are suffering from some sort of mental illness . Think of your three best friends - if they're okay , then it's you ! 
Just wondering ..... why is ' bra ' singular and ' panties ' plural ? 
There's nothing in this world so sweet as love , and next to love the sweetest thing is hate ! We hate some persons because we do not know them ; and we will not know them because we hate them . 
Frequent sexual intercourse was held to reduce the risk of the common cold by Carl Charnetski and Francis Brennan of Wilkes University in the USA . They linked frequent sexual intercourse ( once or twice a week ) to increased production of the antibody Immunoglobulin A ( IgA ) , which protects the body from colds and other infections . They had previously shown that elevator music has a similar effect on IgA levels . 
" The nice part about being a pessimist is that you are constantly being either proven right or pleasantly surprised " ~ George Will 
I used to be conceited , but now I am perfect . 
" To eat is to appropriate by destruction , " says Jean-Paul Sartre . So let me go find something to appropriate destructively , says I . 
" The existential belief that human beings are alone in the world often leads to feelings of meaninglessness , which can be overcome only by creating one's own values and meanings . Therefore , in making our own choices , we assume full responsibility for the results and blame nobody but ourselves if the result is less than what was desired ... " 
One of the principal functions of a friend is to suffer ( in a milder and more symbolic form ) the punishments that we should like , but are unable , to inflict upon our enemies . - Aldous Huxley 
Good riddance 
31°C in Rustenburg right now . Thought it was supposed to be spring ! 
Not feeling so lekker today .... 
Via con me 
I'm sitting here ... I miss the power ... I'd like to go out taking a shower ... But there's a heavy cloud inside my head ... I feel so tired ... Put myself into bed ... Well , nothing ever happens and I wonder . 
Mater semper certa est . 
Waiting ..... and wondering .... 
is really happy . Thank you to all my special friends for the songs , messages , sms's , phone calls and lovely birthday wishes today . I truly appreciate it . :-) 
Dance of the blessed spirits ..... or is it dance of the wounded souls ...? 
All's well that ends well 
Just when you thought it was safe to take a shower .... " Showering may be bad for your health , say US scientists , who have shown that dirty shower heads can deliver a face full of harmful bacteria . " 
Sometimes one creates a dynamic impression by saying something , and sometimes one creates as significant an impression by remaining silent . ~ Dalai Lama 
According to the Ladder Theory , men are attracted to a woman 60% based on looks , 30% on how easily he can sleep with her , and 10% to other factors . Likewise , women are attracted to men 50% based on the man's wealth or power status , 40% on attraction ( which further breaks down into subcategories , the largest of which is looks ) , and 10% on other factors .... 
" If a woman sleeps alone , it puts a shame on all men . " - Alexis Zorba ( from Zorba the Greek ) 
What a day ! Thought I would never get through everything but I'm finally done . Now I have a function to attend also ... 
Getting a new camera next week .... yippee .... :-) 
" The future , madame , is something we should have started on a long time ago . " Les yeux sans visage 
gaan nou maar huiswaarts keer . 
Stokstyf-alleen op ' n Saterdagaand ... ;-) 
het so pas uit die dood opgestaan .... :-( 
Overworked & underpaid 
" We sleep safe in our beds because rough men stand ready in the night to visit violence on those who would do us harm . " ~ George Orwell 
Living a life defined by one's occupation , social , racial or economic class , is the very essence of " bad faith " , the condition in which people cannot transcend their situations in order to realize what they must be and what they are not . 
Everyone seems normal until you get to know them . 
" For after all what is man in nature ? A nothing in relation to infinity , all in relation to nothing , a central point between nothing and all and infinitely far from understanding either .. " ~ Blaise Pascal 
Paying yet another visit to " The Dark Side " this evening .... Anyone care to join ? :-) 
Its hot here at night , lonely , black and quiet on a hot summer night ... 
" But I don't want to go among mad people , " said Alice . " Oh , you can't help that , " said the cat . " We're all mad here . " 
" A philosopher , " said the theologian , " is like a blind man in a darkened room looking for a black cat that isn't there . " " That's right , " the philosopher replied , " and if he were a theologian , he'd find it . " 
Social function at the local rugby club this evening . 
Gaan rooiwyn goed saam met biltong ? 
I have found little that is ' good ' about human beings on the whole . In my experience , most of them are trash , no matter whether they publicly subscribe to this or that ethical doctrine , or to none at all . That is something that you cannot say aloud , or perhaps even think . ~ Sigmund Freud 
If everyone is thinking alike , then somebody isn't thinking . ~ George Patton 
Cold hearted orb that rules the night , removed the colours from our sight . Red is grey , and yellow white , but we decide which is right and which is an illusion . 
" That's the nature of women not to love when we love them , and to love when we love them not . " ~ Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra 
Day of the walking dead 
" Frustration is the wet nurse of violence . " 
" I cannot conceive how anybody in his right mind should go to a psychoanalyst " ~ Vladimir Nabokov 
Ras Dumisani for president ! :-) 
11°C in Rustenburg at the moment . 
Non , rien de rien , non , je ne regrette rien - ni le bien qu'on m'a fait , ni le mal - tout ca m'est bien egal . ~ Edith Piaf 
Visiting my old hometown this weekend . Lots of nostalgia and also quite a bit of sadness . 
Boetman is nie meer die bliksem in nie , boetman is gatvol . 
It's four in the morning , the end ( beginning ) of December I'm writing you now just to see if you're better ... 
Ugh , not feeling so fresh today ... :-( 
In a world driven and defined by immorality , the truth is often obscured by propaganda . The boundaries between natural and artificial are blurred . The conscious becomes the unconscious . To challenge the rationale is bold . To explore the minefield is brave . 
And if the cloud bursts , thunder in your ear ; You shout and no one seems to hear . And if the band you're in starts playing different tunes ; I'll see you on the dark side of the moon . 
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him ~ Malcolm Forbes 
The year-end function was rather boring , but okay . Anyway , I'm really tired now and off to bed . 
Getting ready for our year-end function , not really looking forward to it ... :-( 
" Old age is the most unexpected of all things that happen to a man " ~ Leon Trotsky 
Oh dear , how am I going to get through this day with everything I have to do .....? 
Having yet another late night . 
Another deadline has passed and I survived against all odds ... Only two more editions left . 
Off you have a bit of a snooze now .... 
It sucks to be alone . 
Today wasn't one of my best days .... :-( 
I have opinions of my own - strong opinions - but I don't always agree with them . ~ George W Bush 
If it makes you happy , it can't be that bad . If it makes you happy , then why the hell are you so sad ? ~ Sheryl Crow 
" For love and for hate I swat a fly and offer it to an ant " ~ Masaoka Shiki 
Am I at the right place at the wrong time , or at the wrong place at the right time ....? 
:-) 
Today , exactly 12 years ago , I made one of the biggest mistakes of my life .... 
is going walkabout this weekend .... 
I'm afraid . I'm afraid , Dave . Dave , my mind is going . I can feel it . I can feel it . My mind is going . There is no question about it . I can feel it . I can feel it . I can feel it . I'm a ... fraid . 
Back to the future 
Doubt is not the opposite of faith ; it is one element of faith ~ Paul Tillich 
is severely p*ssed off 
Airplane ticket to Hong Kong via Addis Ababa booked , departing Wednesday , April 14 , returning Sunday , April 25 . 
has a chocolate penis ..... oops ! ;-) 
Only two weeks left before we close for the holidays .... I can't wait ! 
Why the hesitation ? You can pick your destination . The risk is so worth taking .... 
Voorspoedige Nuwejaar , Happy New Year , Gelukkig Nieuwjaar , Glad Nytår , Bonne année , Glückliches Neujahr , ??????????? ?? ??? ????, Anno nuovo felice , ??? ??, ? ????? ?????, Próspero Año Nuevo , Yeni Memnun Y ? l , ??? ?????, ????? 
" The difference between sex and death is that with death you can do it alone and no one is going to make fun of you . " ~ Woody Allen 
Wollololo ...... 
Life is a characteristic that distinguishes objects that have self-sustaining biological processes from those which do not , either because such functions have ceased , or else because they lack such functions . 
is experiencing the Grandfather Paradox .... :-) 
....................................... 
Said I remember when we used to sit in the government yard in Trenchtown . Oba , ob-serving the hypocrites as they would mingle with the good people we meet ... 
What in the world's come all over me ? I ain't got a chance of one in three . Ain't got no rap , ain't got no line , but if you'll give me just a minute I'll be feelin ' fine .... 
" A terrible thing happened to me last night again - nothing " - Phyllis Diller 
Seldom , or perhaps never , does a marriage develop into an individual relationship smoothly and without crises ; there is no coming to consciousness without pain . ~ Carl Jung 
We must first recognise the darkness within ourselves before we can overcome it . 
I have a little red rooster , too lazy to crow for day . Keep everything in the barnyard , upset in every way .... 
Life is a though t-t erminating cliché 
The shoe that fits one person pinches another ; there is no recipe for living that suits all cases . ~ Carl Jung 
Going to Pretoria to collect the Christmas presents I bought myself .... :-) 
“Every time you see a beautiful woman , just remember , somebody got tired of her” 
Going to get some shuttertime 
A blessed thing it is for any man or woman to have a friend , one human soul whom we can trust utterly , who knows the best and worst of us , and who loves us in spite of all our faults . ~ Charles Kingsley 
attending a function at Lonmin Platinum's Saffy Shaft at Marikana .... see you all later . 
Going to the licensing bureau , wish me luck .... 
I suppose I should leave the office and go home now . No gym for me as I have some sort of mysterious ailment afflicting me since the weekend , causing severe dizzyness . Any freelance doctors around here ....? :-) 
The point of philosophy is to start with something so simple as not to seem worth stating and to end with something so paradoxical that no one will believe it — Bertrand Russell 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status and post the FIRST entry for your name under comment . 
Groet die naweek met biltong en ' n laaaaang bier .... What a life .... :-) 
All done , I'm off to gym . 
Another busy day . 
Going home to lick my wounds ... 
Please let me be the shadow of your shadow , the shadow of your hand , the shadow of your dog .... 
:-| 
" How could it be a good thing to hand over one's dearest possessions to a stranger , a barbarian , the ruler of one's bitterest enemy , one whose good faith and sense of justice were untried , and , what is more , one who belonged to an alien and heathen faith ? " ~ Agathias 
" No , man , like hey , man . Wow . I was watching this object man , li-like the satellite that we saw the other night , right ? And , like , it was going right across the sky , man , and then ... I mean it just suddenly , uh , it just changed direction and went whizzin right off , man . It flashed ... " 
" Life is not an easy matter ... You cannot live through it without falling into frustration and cynicism , unless you have before you a great idea which raises you above personal misery , above weakness , above all kinds of perfidy and baseness . " ~ Leon Trotsky , Russian revolutionary and agitator . 
Okaaaaaay ..... I suppose I should go home now ..... 
geniet ' n alkoholiese verversing ..... 
Back safely in Rustenburg , but NOT looking forward to yet another hectic week . At least there are only 4 editions left before we close for the year . I can't wait ..... 
Time to bugger off and go home ... 
< plop ....! > The sound of me finally surfacing ... 
Should I give up , or should I just keep chasing pavements , even if it leads nowhere ? Or would it be a waste , even if I knew my place , should I leave it there ? ~ Adele 
Sooooo ..... what happened while I was out saving the universe ? 
Anarchy is not a romantic fable , its the realisation , based on 5 000 years of experience , that we cannot entrust the management of our lives to kings , priests , politicians , generals or commissars . - Edward Abbey 
" To be trusted is a greater compliment than being loved . " ~ 
George MacDonald 
I'd rather be a hammer than a nail . Yes I would , if I only could , I surely would ... 
Another deadline is history .... 
Honey , I'm home ..... 
Just as you give up hope , it flames up once more .... xxx 
15 weeks ... :-) 
On my way to Johannesburg soon and then back to Sun City for the weekend to take pics at the Freestyle Dance Championships . 
Soos ' n trop skape sit blanke Suid-Afrikaners passief en wag om ' geslag ' te word . En dan trek almal net hul skouertjies op en slaak ' n sug van verligting dat hulle die keer oorgeslaan is . 
A thinkin ' man's nightmare .... 
" I'm dating a woman now who , evidently , is unaware of it . " ~ Garry Shandling 
' n Rowwe dag wat vir my voorle ... 
Booooooooring ..... < yawn > 
Avec toi , j'avais appris à rire et mes rires ne viennent que par toi ! Après toi , je ne serai que l'ombre ... de ton ombre ... Après toi ... 
Back home .... 
The long weekend is officially starting now .... 
You said you're following the sun , but do you really know for sure ? For after all is said and done , just what it is you're looking for ...? 
Vy isdeir asmeni orsarsis asdeir isorsis ? Be cosdeiris wunars perors ... 
When the Nazis came for the communists , I remained silent ; I was not a communist . When they locked up the social democrats , I remained silent ; I was not a social democrat . When they came for the trade unionists , I did not speak out ; I was not a trade unionist . When they came for the Jews , I remained silent ; I wasn't a Jew . When they came for me , there was no one left to speak out . ~ Martin Niemöller 
seriously lacks sufficient experience of existential continuity . 
In Potchefstroom 
Well done , Japan .... :-) 
04:53 am at Johannesburg Airport . Eish ! 
Pars pro toto , vel totum pro parte ? 
" When so many are lonely as seem to be lonely , it would be inexcusably selfish to be lonely alone . " ~ Tennessee Williams 
Oh where do I find a frontpage photo opportunity when I really need one ...! :-( 
Cold and wet ... 
Got wing , will fly .... 
familiarity breeds contempt ~ Aesop 
Okay ... my first paragliding session was characterised by lots of blood and sweat , but no tears . After all , cowboys don't cry . Fell on a rock and scraped my arm quite badly , but I seem to be making progress ... :-) 
Ambivalence · Anger · Angst · Annoyance · Anticipation · Anxiety · Apathy · Awe · 
News just in : My ex apparently remarried in a ceremony at Sun City on Good Friday .... and she's pregnant ... Eish ! 
Please note that " Happy Thoughts " is a rogue application . I did not send out any of the Panda " gifts " everyone in my friend list seem to have received . 
Back to the real world .... 
Eers vat hulle Eugene van die boere , nou vat hulle Lolly van die hoere . Ironies .... Eugene het gehou van skiet toe steek hulle hom . Lolly het gehou van steek toe skiet hulle hom . Blykbaar dans die girls by Teazers vandag net halfmas teen die paal op . 
Having my first paragliding lesson tomorrow ... 
I was washing up the dishes , minding my own business , when my string snapped . I had a relapse ... a suburban relapse ... 
Hey you , out there in the cold , getting lonely , getting old . Can you feel me ? 
Oh dear ....! :-( 
" As you get older , the pickings get slimmer , but the people don't " ~ Carrie Fisher 
I wanna hold them like they do in Texas plays .... ;-) 
" But what , then , am I ? A thinking thing , it has been said . But what is a thinking thing ? It is a thing that doubts , understands , conceives , affirms , denies , wills , refuses ; that imagines also , and perceives . " ~ Rene Descartes 
I saw your face in a crowded place , and I don't know what to do , ' cause I'll never be with you ... 
Sorry Deutschland :-( 
Quidquid Latine dictum sit altum videtur . 
Why did the Irish blonde refuse to attend the Soccer World Cup in South Africa ? She heard that she would have to blow a zulufela . ;-) 
" Basically my wife was immature . I'd be at home in the bath and she'd come in and sink my boats . " ~ Woody Allen 
On my way to Potch . 
Well done , Sharkies .... :-) 
" None sing hymns to breath , " said Yama . " But , oh to be without it ! " 
? 
Jealousy is the grave of affection . ~ Mary Baker Eddy 
is suffering from aposiopesis ... 
" In true love , the smallest distance is too great , and the greatest distance can be bridged . " ~ Hans Nouwens 
Hello darkness my old friend , I've come to talk with you again ... 
" The weakness of men is the facade of strength : The strength of women is the facade of weakness . " ~ Warren Farrell 
Happy equinox 
Caxton Excellence Awards @ Kyalami . 
In Doha , Qatar . 
In Istanbul 
Finally back home .... 
Happy solstice 
" I believe and profess that a people must never value anything higher than the freedom and dignity of its existence ; that it must defend these with the last drop of its blood ; that it has no duty more sacred and can obey no law that is higher . " - Genl . Carl von Clausewitz . 
Mortuis cognoscit unum tantum , quod melius vivere ... 
That a majority , merely because of its majority , should be entitled to apply to a minority a rule that does not apply to itself , is an infringement of a principle much more fundamental than democracy itself , a principle on which the justification of democracy rests . " Friedrich Hayek 
:) 
On this day in 2009 : " For after all what is man in nature ? A nothing in relation to infinity , all in relation to nothing , a central point between nothing and all and infinitely far from understanding either .. " ~ Blaise Pascal 
Dazed and utterly confused ..... 
