guys , what's the name of the school w/c offers nursing course located at Tandang Sora , Quezon City ? Andun ksi ngaaral ung dti ko kaklase ? msya na q pg nkta ko cya :) 
Grabe I'm shocked , nalaman ksi ung sikreto ko dun sa post ko na may application na 1st letter na yan .. Bsta mggeo challenge na lng aq o kaya manood ng NBA season , go LA LAKERS !!! 
" nang ako'y mkatulog , bigla kong naalala , isang napakagandang dilag , aki'y nkausap , nahawakan sa kamay . bigla kong nayakap , ngunit pagkagisi'y panaginip lng pla lahat . nakakalungkot isipin , tanggapin pero yan ang totoo dhil sa sobrang gsto ko sya mkasama habang buhay pangala'y kahalintulad nito ... bansang kinabibilangan nitong Bordeaux at Monaco " ( mapansin nawa tong aking sinisinta ) 
Go Cleveland Cavaliers !! Go Los Angeles Lakers !! i want them face off in the finals .. afterwards .. I want to see the one where Eiffel Tower is located .. ( its plural form ) 
bwisit nman ... nsira ung camera ko .. andun pa nman ung ibang teambuilding pics nkakainis tlga .. :( 
Hallelujah !!! Nkasakay rn ng SPACE SHUTTLE for 1st time ksby ng mga mgandang balita na dumadating sa kin ... HAVE A WONDERFUL CHRISTMAS TO YOU GUYS !!!!! 
" Why am I such a pedophile , being attracted to a 4th year high school person ... and to know she will just neglect me ... AND TO THINK I JUST MET HER 28TH OF NOV AND JUST GIVEN THE CHANCE TO SAW HER TIL 19TH OF DEC .... DO I NEED TO SHOW HER I WILL RIDE THE SPACE SHUTTLE 100 TIMES JUST FOR HER TO FORGIVE , RECOGNIZE AND TALK TO ME " some know this person 
" Why do I still think of her , to know she's a junior high school person ... and to know she will just neglect me ... AND TO THINK I JUST MET HER ONLY FOR A VERY SHORT TIME .... DO I NEED TO READ ALL VERSES OF THE BIBLE , SHOW HER I WILL RIDE EK'S SPACE SHUTTLE 100 TIMES AND BE THE BEST GEO CHALLENGE PLAYER IN THE WORLD JUST FOR HER TO FORGIVE , RECOGNIZE AND TALK TO ME ? WHY , WHY , WHY ??? SO HELP ME GOD " anonymous 
" Why am I so attracted to her ?? , to know she's a junior high person ... and to know she will just neglect me ... AND TO THINK THE LORD JUST GAVE ME VERY SHORT TIME TO MEET HER ... WHY IS SHE GETTING RID OF ME IN HER LIFE .. DO I NEED TO SHOW HER I WILL RIDE EK'S SPACE SHUTTLE 100 TIMES JUST FOR HER TO FORGIVE , RECOGNIZE AND TALK TO ME ? WHY , WHY , WHY ??? SO HELP ME GOD " quote of a Geo Challenge Ambassador 
Happy New Year to You Guys ... Woah ... saya tlga mg space shuttle ... the best ... :D 
" Hope itself is a species of happiness , and , perhaps , the chief happiness which this world affords ; but , like all other pleasures immoderately enjoyed , the excesses of hope must be expiated by pain . " 
" Why am I such a pedophile , being attracted to a 4th year high school person ... and to know she will just neglect me ... AND TO THINK I JUST MET HER 28TH OF NOV AND JUST GIVEN THE CHANCE TO SAW HER TIL 19TH OF DEC .... DO I NEED TO SHOW HER I WILL RIDE THE SPACE SHUTTLE 100 TIMES JUST FOR HER TO FORGIVE , RECOGNIZE AND TALK TO ME ? IS THIS THE BEST WAY TO SHOW HER MY ATTRACTION TO HER ??!! " 
" A desire arises in the mind . It is satisfied , immediately another comes . In the interval which separates two desires a perfect calm reigns in the mind . It is at thia moment freed from all thought , love or hate . Complete peace equally reigns between two mental waves . " Ronald John M . Edison R.N. finally tapos na rn 52 drugs ... from 00:00 jan 9- 01:45 jan 24 haha ... 
" One bitter time of mourning , I remember , When day , and night , my sad heart did complain , My life , I said , was one cold , bleak December , And all its pleasures , were but whited pain . The joy of my heart is ceased ; my dance is turned into mourning . " Ronald John M . Edison M.D R.N 
" I THINK I WOULD JUST HAVE TO RISK MY LIFE JOINING THE BLACK NAZARENE PROCESSION IF THIS WILL BE THE KEY FOR HER TO FORGIVE , RECOGNIZE , AND TALK TO ME ... SO HELP ME GOD IN ATTEMTING TO REGAIN HER " quote of a Geo Challenge Ambassador 
" When I saw you I was afraid to meet you . When I met you I was afraid to kiss you . When I kissed you I was afraid to love you . Now that I love you , I am afraid to lose you , Now that I'm almost losing you , what the hell can I do so as not to lose you though she were though only a " junior high " " 
" Why did I have to fall for you when you just keep ignoring me ? I know you're too young for me to love you but I can't get rid of you ... coz ' i'm longing for you ... :(( " 
" Hope is some extraordinary spiritual grace that God gives us to control our fears , not to oust them . The miserable have no other medicine But only hope . " Dr. Ronald John M . Edison M.D R.N 
" Your heart says stay and battle the pain , but your mind says leave for all this isnt needed , broken into pieces for that one an only . But follow your heart because the heart can only take so much . " Dr. Ronald John M . Edison M.D R.N 
" no journey is too great when one find what he seeks " ( Coming to America ) 
" To put the world right in order , we must first put the nation in order ; to put the nation in order , we must first put the family in order ; to put the family in order , we must first cultivate our personal life ; we must first set our hearts right . " 
" I think about you constantly , whether it's with my mind or my heart . Missing you could turn from pain to pleasure , if I knew you were missing me too . As soon as forever is through , I'll be over you . " Brazilian Ambassador Guillermo Sevilla Sacasa 
" Last night you came back to me and my world was right again . This morning I woke up against my wishes . Why must there be a dawn ? Don't walk in front of me , I may not follow . Don't walk behind me , I may not lead . Walk beside me and be my friend . " Ron John M . Edison R.N. 
Kenneth Caluya , san mo nilagay yung tripen ko ?! Kailangan ko bukas eh , haay grabe ka , wala akong gagamitin sa duty nyan . :| Pero at least malapit na yung isa sa mga pinakamasaya kong araw sa bawat buwan . :)) 
Kenneth Caluya , salamat sa time ha . Grabe lang , nagimbestiga talaga tayo . Sayang kasi sabi mo , nahuli ako ni karibal , kaya game over na . :( Pero mission completed kasi sabi mo , alam mo na , di naman daw niya aagawin yung sina , alam mo na . :P 
Just got home from our parish activities , the sacerdotal anniversary of our Parish Priest . Happy 19th Sacerdotal anniversary , Rev . Fr . Arnel Recinto ! :)) 
Wheew , just finished watching Case 39 . :)) Haay grabe lang , nakakatakot panoorin . :)) 
Watching The Amazing Race . :)) 
What a bad day . :| Sunod sunod na nawawalan ako nggamit , nadagdagan pa ng make up duty . Haay , can't handle this anymore . :| 
Kenneth Caluya , " Hindi ba masakit na iwasan ka ng taong iyong pinakamalapit sa iyong puso . :( Ano pa kayang kuwenta ko sa kanya ? :( Bakit pinagkakait lahat ng mga pagkakataong pinakaaasam ko ? :( " haha , ang cheesy diba ? :P 
" Ask me why I keep on loving you when it's clear that you don't feel the same way for me ... the problem is that as much as I can't force you to love me , I can't force myself to stop loving you . :( " Anonymous 
" Hope is the word which God has written on the brow of every man . " Victor Hugo 
Haay , sabaw na utak ko dun sa may Fundamentals of Nursing na refresher exam . :| Namiss ko tuloy favorite subject kong Biostat . :| 
Kenneth Caluya , WARNING ! Nagsisimula na kong makaramdam na matatalo tayo . Kung totoo yung sinasabing " With God , everything is possible . " dapat gumagawa siya ng paraan upang marecognize niya lahat ng mga efforts ko . :| Hiningan ko na ng tulong lahat ng mga kaibigan ko , nangakong gagawin nila lahat upang magwagi ako . Kaso may nagsasabi , maghanap ka na ng iba ? :| Tama ba yun , tuturuan kang magparaya ? 
Kenneth Caluya , nalulungkot na ko , kung dati , special turing sa kin , ngayon , parang di na , yun bang as in by groups na , kala ko ispesyal turing niya sa kin . :( Magtulungan tayo na manumbalik tingin niyang ispesyal sa kin . :| 
Ang gandang manood at maglaro ng Jeopardy ! Woahh new hobby . :)) 
Kenneth Caluya , how does it feel , that the woman you love the most is now loving someone else ? :| Isn't that aweful ? Especially if she didn't tell you early that she chose someone else already ? Unfair isn't it ? :( 
Martin Vergs Osit Malig , Kenneth Caluya , mga sira ulo kayo !!! Biruin niyo papahiyain pa naman ako sa harapan ng isang taong pinakagusto ko ! Pag di ako sinagot ng aking tinatawag ni " Immunoglobulins " Magdusa sila , hahaha . :P 
" Love is like an NBA Finals Game , wherein there are two people in your life fighting for your heart just as there are two conference champions in your life , fighting for the championship title . Both deserve to win but only one will be considered the true champion . " 
" I can't believe that there are people being gifted with the ability to distinguish the typing style of the one she loved the most from other guys . " 
Sir Allan Valenzuela , how does it feel na she's avoiding you already , has lost interest , and why is it she's still blind para marecognize niya everything I do for her . :( Most painful , the truth has been deprived from you . :( 
" If you're alone , I'll be your shadow . If you want to cry , I'll be your shoulder . If you want a hug , I'll be your pillow . If you need to be happy , I'll be your smile . But anytime you need a friend , I'll just be me . " 
" Our fate is to fall into true darkness " Cosmos , Dissidia : Final Fantasy 
Oh it's a wonderful day today , One week after the Holy week ... met a friend ... meeting new friends ... and looking forward to that toddler video haha ...!!! :D 
talo ... :( 
" I really like her .. despite the imperfections ... Understanding her imperfections had made me like her more .. " 
" Problem Solved , Misunderstandings Solved , Misconceptions explained . I will not let anyone destroy my bond with my friends . The Quote " Thanking God " also refers to the acronym of the name of someone who had shown me compassion , love and care in living life . She is indeed God's greatest gift for me this easter season . 
Starting tom ... wla muna facebook til HIS resurrection ... grabe maaga kmi tom sa cathedral .... Chrism mass ksi eh .... 
" Invisible tears are the hardest to wipe away . " Terri Guillemets 
" Don't keep me waiting . :( I can't stand this anymore . :( I'm currently experiencing Anxiety , Panic Attacks already . :( Please , make it stop !!! :( " 
" Because I could not stop for Death , He kindly stopped for me . The Carriage held but just ourselves And Immortality " Emily Dickinson 
Chrism masses , Maundy Thursday mass , Stations of the Cross , Good Friday mass , Sto . Entiero Procession , Easter Vigil mass , Salubong .... is what comprises of one memorable Holy Week ... Happy Easter !!! 
" I'M WITH SOMEONE ELSE . WE'LL BE ONLY FRIENDS AND ONLY FRIENDS " , sabi ng friend ko sa kin .. :( ok fight's over but I'll fight my best to reverse the situation ... 
Keith Kyle P . Elero , ARjoe CipriAno , Blow Abesamis , nice job sa microteaching knina ... sa wakas ... makakapahinga na rin tayo ... goodluck sa informatics 
" Oh no , I just created a monster !!! " 
" You think I'm strong don't you ? Well though I seemed to be though . I'm also afraid of one thing , it's realizing that I lost the people who I've gathered my strength from . So don't ever go , Di ko kaya ! :( " 

I sent you a smiley ! Want to see it ? http://apps.facebook.com/smileycentral/go.jhtml?partner=ZNzfb008 
under the state of persistent depression :( 
" I'm in need for dose of Immunoglobulins to fight infection . Kung bakit naman nung thursday night , something happened with that medication , nacontaminate ng iba . " 
" Masaya ako kasi nakilala kita . Masaya ako kasi kaibigan kita . Masaya ako kasi mabait ka sa akin . Pero malungkot ako kasi may mahal ka nang iba . :( " 
damn it ... talo LA ... :( 
" Increased body temperature related to depression secondary to perceived thoughts of heartbrokeness " aka fever due to depression ... nagkalagnat dahil sa isang narinig na masamang balita ... 
Watching American Pie : The Wedding 
" Bakit ka ganyan ? Minamahal kita kaso mas minahal mo siya .. minahal mo siya pero ginago ka lang nya .. sana pala ginago kita .. baka sakaling mahalin mo rin ako .. Tulad niya .. " 
" Paano ko sasabihin na mahal kita , kung pagaari ka na ng iba ? Masakit man pero kailangan kong tiisin na kahit mahal kita , di na pwede ksi ... kanya ka na ! :( " 
" Minsan ang layo ng tingin mo . Sino bang hinahanap mo ? Ung bang taong magmamahal sayo ? Yan ang hirap sayo eh ! Ang layo ng tingin mo , ang tagal ko na dito ... Di ba pwedeng sa akin ka na lang tumingin ? " 
" Be happy now for you will sacrifice forever , conversely , Sacrifice now for you will be happy forever . " 
" Love is missing someone whenever you're apart , but somehow feeling warm inside because you're close in heart . " 
" Masaya ako kasi nakilala kita . :) Masaya ako kasi kaibigan kita . :) Masaya ako kasi mabait ka sa kin . :) Pero malungkot ako kasi may mahal ka nang iba . :( " 
ui " nalaman ko na " di ako makapaniwala ngayon ko lang nalaman naibulgar na pala na bukas na kami magrereport sa humanities :P 
looking forward for game 7 ... Lets Go Lakers !!! 
" Father , natatakot ako na ang mapili na niya ay iba ? :( Sana I'll be able to succeed both in the medicine field as well as my goal talaga So help me God . " An aspiring medicine student's wish for this Christmas season . 
" Several things might happen the next 364 days of my life , I might grieve for being defeated and will despair forever , or rejoice for I have achieved my goal and be thankful forever , I just don't know where I'll land . " -anonymous- 
Problem solved , Crisis over , Misunderstandings resolved , What a relief !!! 
" Mamatay na kung mamatay , Patayan kung patayan , kay sakit ng aking nararamdaman , kay sakit mawalan ng minamahal " Ayos na ba yan Kenneth Caluya kaya sana sa sabado ha , hahahahaha !!!! 
" I miss her , kung bakit naman marami akong nakakalaban , nahirapan ako kumbinsihin sila . I really need support . " 
" If you want to rule , learn to serve . If you want to lead , learn to follow . If you want to succeed , learn to make others succeed . " 
Ganda nung 2012 na pelikula . :)) Ngayon lang ako nakapanood nito sa HBO . :)) 
Ganda naman ng " I Love You Knights " na jumping jacks mo Kenneth Caluya 
Advanced happy third friendship day , Iya Guevarra ! :) 
Happy First Friendship Day Iya Guevarra !!! :))) 
Just been from a date with my beloved parish . :)) 
Missed Opportunities . :( 
" When we love , it isn't because the person is perfect , it is because we learn to see an imperfect person perfectly . " The reason why I really love my " favorite subject . " :) 
Happy Second Friendship Day , Iya Guevarra ! :) 
" If I had a single flower for every time I think about you , I could walk forever in my garden . " Claudia Ghandi 
Yesss !!! Ginaganahan na ko magaral ng MS pati Psych nursing . After ko malamang the problem is reversible and there's still hope . :))) 
October , the saddest month of the year . :( 
Just been from our last day of the novena mass . As well as the procession afterwards . What a day ! Advanced happy fiesta to our patron ! :) 
" I don't know why they call it heartbreak . It feels like every other part of my body is broken too . " ~ Missy Altijd 
" Sometimes love is not enough to make a relationship work ... sometimes letting go ? is as good as saying i love you . " Sayang nabigo ako sa goal ko . :( Naunahan na niya ko . :( 
Kenneth Caluya , syet , patulong naman , sino ba talaga pipiliin ko , pareho kasi ako patay na patay sa kanilang dalawa , pero sino ba talaga , isa bang taong may kinalaman sa edukasyon o sa medisina , nasasaktan kasi ako sa tuwing may ibang mga tinatawag na kalalakihan na lumalapit sa kanila . :P ( patay ka na lang kung may nakaintindi nito . ) 
Kenneth Caluya , syet , tulungan mo na ko , sino ba talaga pipiliin ko , patay na patay na ko dun sa sino mang mapipili ko eh . :)) Pero baka maunahan tayo ng mga mahal na natin sa buhay . :| Tulungan mo kong irehearse yung sasabihin ko dun sa sino mang napili ko . Please ! :D Pag success , libre kita . Pag hindi , sagot mo inuman natin ( may HCL na halo ) haha , joke . :P 
Kenneth Caluya , Did you know that , wayback December 8 , 2010 , I nearly did what Secretary Angelo T . Reyes had happened after I knew of the news that somebody already had her . :( Guess what , I didn't push through with it after I knew of the reversibility of the situation . :) As a matter of fact , I'm developing schizophrenia , due to my persistent uttering of her name . :)) 
Ui , Kenneth Caluya , malapit ko nang mahanap bahay ng karibal mo , biruin mo , hahawaan pa niya ng sakit niya yung mga mahal natin , haha kung ako sayo , banatan na natin , kasi may idea na ko sa kanyang whereabouts , biruin mo , may balak mangagaw , mali yata yan , kailangan niyang magbayad , hahaha !!! :)) 
