As I find , ' commenting on photoes is one of the most disgusting things ' ......... 
Wish u all de best of luck for CET :) 
I don't think God always rewards hard-working ppl .... once in a while he too forgets to do so and ends up doing injustice ! 
PM- We are sending Indians to moon next year ... 

Obama- OH ! how many ??? 
PM- 100 
............ 25 OBC , 20 SC , 15 Relatives of Politician s , 15 ST , 10 handicapped , 5 Sports quota , 4 minority & 
if possible 
1 Astronaut . ...... 
Put it up as ur status if you're against reservation 
Results ... results ... results .. i wish i wer a lil tensed at least ..! 
I ' Love ' being traditional .. It gives me loads of self-confidence ! 
The most disgusting thing to happen ... we wer informed whether we passed or failed ! LOL ! while i was yearning to know my marks .... how irritating ! 
Happy Friendship's Day !!!! 
At times it becomes soo difficult to accept the changes that come our way .... 
MOM joined FB finally !!! 
she's my 110th frnd ! 
Not a single day has passed widout me seeing mom's face everyday but now dat she's off to Kerala on a college excursion wid her students for five looooong days , am feeling so desperate to see her soon ..... miss u Ma :( 
Thanks Niki and Sahana to hav made my day by coming home ! 
Felt really good ! 
For the first time since years , i assisted dad in completing a major part of car-cleaning ! 
The ' creme de la creme ' of the whole of this cleaning process was the ' discovery ' of our long-lost fondled digicam from within the car !!!! well .. though it came bak into our lives after its newer counterpart occupied its position , we shall always love it ! 
Thank You God ! 
Hey ppl , wish u all a prosperous , safe and " eco-friendly " Diwali ! Enjoy urselves ! 
I hav no patience to upload photos to my profile ... so my updations wrt Albums are always way behind !! 
Mom's all set to join FB !! Gr8 !!! 
Dasara preparations in full swing at home !!! 
Am excited !!! 
i hate to see ppl make mistakes in spelling simple words used very often .... i get literally annoyed ! 
