Life is like a box of chocolates , eat'em up till their all gone . lol 
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save . 
If there were in the world today any large number of people who desired their own happiness more than they desired the unhappiness of others , we could have paradise in a few years . 
Very nice weekend ! I'm definetly enjoying the weather . I'm going to a bithday party soon ! 
What lies before us and what lies beyond us is tiny compared to what lies within us . -- Oliver Wendell Holmes 
" If the first grape you eat is bitter then you will not bother eating grapes again . If the first grape you eat is a sweet one then you will be willing to eat a lot of bitter grapes in search of another sweet one " 
is going to cook chinese food for dinner . If I don't get back on tonight , then I'd just like to tell everyone goodnight and see yall tomorrow . 
Death and life have their determined appointments ; riches and honors depend upon heaven . 
Intl Olympic CMTE selects Rio De Janeiro as 2016 host city . 
Yay ! Discount Coffee ! & Ice Rage ! Family night @ The Underground ! Hope you come ! 
Food ... Italian food ... no ... Mexican food . .. Yeah Italian food . 
I'm love days like this ... 
Is Relaxing @ De Underground ! 
When you lose someone , you realize just how much that person means to you , So maybe its a good thing they're gone . So you can see just how much that person means to you . 
Good Morning everyone ! =) 
I'm really excited today ! I've got an interview @ 3pm ! and @ The Underground Jazz & Java tonight - 6.30 - 8.30 - TC & Friends - Guitar ( Harry Tonchev ) and drum ( Todd Canedy ) duo . Its a riot !. 
AIDS Walk of Oklahoma City , Inc . It's almost time for AIDS Walk of OKC , Sunday , Oct . 11th . 
Good morning everyone ! I hope everyone has a good day today ! :) 
Just curious . Has anyone seen the movie 2012 ? Was it good ?? It's got a 3star rating , but I bet it's mostly rated for the best graphics . Have you seen the previews ? It looks incredible , besides the fact that it's about the world changing into a water-world or something which is kind of devistating to see , 
is relaxing @ The Underground 
I'm up very early this Sunday morning . I didn't intend on waking up this early , but I just did ! Getting to bed 2hrs earlier really dose help lol . I've actually got a lot done , dishes , laundry , and cleaned up the house a bit . I'll definitely be ready for church long before it even starts . I'm kinda hungry , think I'll go make breakfast . Oh yeah , Rise and Shine Everybody ! 
So much to do , in so little time ! Lots of preperations . Is everyone ready for tomorrow ?! Don't forget to the cranberry sauce ! Happy Thanksgiving ! " I find hope in the darkest of days , and focus in the brightest . I do not judge the universe " . ~ Dalai Lama " The love we give away is the only love we keep " . ~ Elbert Hubbard 
Going to prepare dinner for tonight , study , and watch a movie ... 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone ! 
Going out for a birthday dinner for Laura ! 
Work , so much work ... 
is up at 12:59 am and thinking , what's on his mind ? " To be or not to be ... asleep . " That is the question ... " Must finish posts , replies , and comments ... I must , I will , maybe ... I'll try . " And so he does at 1:05 am 
Oct . 2nd . International Day of Non-Violence . 
Happy birthday to Mahatma Ghandi ! Major role in independence for India . 
The United Nations General Assembly announced on 15 June 2007 that it adopted a resolution which declared that the 2nd of October will be celebrated as the International Day of Non-Violence . 
Up late once again ... Seems to slow things a bit , but I'm only on once a night , and lucky if during the day ... For the rest who are up late , goodnight , get rest & pleasant dreams ... 

" There will always be dreams grander or humbler than your own , but there will never be a dream exactly like your own ... for you are unique and more wondrous than you know ! " 
Linda Staten 
" Dream as if you'll live forever ... live a 
We are the music makers , and we are the dreamers of the dream . Wandering by lone sea breakers , and sitting by desolate streams . World losers and world forsakers , for whom the pale moon gleams . Yet we are movers and the shakers of the world forever it seems . 
- Arthur O'Shaunessey 
Cooking dinner and preparing for class tomorrow . 
I've just finished my first day of class and headed home . It went really well ! I enjoyed the class . At first I ended up at the Moore Norman Tech AKA Franklin ... I was suppose to be at South Pinn . Moore Norman Tech . Didn't know there's two ! 8hr class , 8 ppl , 4 breaks , lunch was delish ! Still hungry tho ... & huge test 2morrow ! Totally ready ! 
Happy birthday John Lennon ! 70 years , wish you were here . 
John Lennon , without you , the world wouldn't be the same . Thank you for the peace you've helped create for a better world , tomorrow . We will never forget you . 
A founding member of The Beatles . 
I've been working all week . Seems that the company really needed help . Finally have two days off and there's much needed work to be done . Rest will be this Saturday afternoon . I'm looking forward to a good weekend . 
I've got my new job ! Training for Med Aid begins the 22nd ! At Norman Tech Center . And this fall I'll start classes at Rose State for nursing . Also guitar sessions are kickin off pretty well ! My friend Gi Gi and I are working on a piece of music . So much work to do , but it's gonna be awesome ! 
Goodnight everybody ! 
Have you been outside today ?! It's perfect , beautiful weather ! I missed my chance to go running today , but I'll pick it up tomorrow morning . Anyone else like to run ? I've got to get to work . Ttyl 
Good morning ! 
Home , sweet home ... Bed ... sweet bed ... 
:) I've completed the course & aced the test ! I've got my certificate & I'm now a certified Medication Administration Technician ! I work tomorrow & thru the weekend ... Next up , LPN ! :) 
Ok , I'm off to work . I'll be back in 8 . :) 
I'm home from work & so sleepy . Got things to do tomorrow so I've got to get up early ... & work comes just after lunch . Its not the weekend is it ? Man ... * sigh * I feel like today was monday ... 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
I am very thankful for such a loving family . Knowing that they will always be there for me , and love me no matter what . I have and always will love my family . 
I love you guys ... Thank you . 
It has been a wonderful Thanksgiving with my family . It feels so great to see them again . To catch up on things , and getting to know new family . I'm so excited about our next gathering . Christmas , after all , is just right around the corner . :) 
I hope everyone has had a great Thanksgiving . 
Happy St. Patty's Day peeps ! I'm more Irish than I've ever been . Lol ! & GREEN too ! 
St. Pat's Day was fun ! I saw so many peeps lol ! Bricktown was packed , great music & the food was just as good . It's must be tradition to end it all @ IHOP with pancakes & coffee lol ! 
