I just mowed the lawn with a defective mower . Does anybody out there have a lawnmower they are willing to sell ? 
I saw Transformers : ROTF yesterday . It was AMAZING !!! Very long though . 
GRRRRRRRRRRRrrrr ............ I hate my internet service . It always messes stuff up !! :( 
" A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down . " - Arnold Glasow 
is going on a trip to California . Not very excited yet . I hope I have a good time . 
is thinking about writing something random . 
" The less you talk , the more you will be listened to . " 
got his haircut today . It's too short . 
just got back from one of his best weeks ever , only to find life isn't the way it used to be . 
just ate some crumbly ice cream . Yummy ! 
Our school attendence this year is going to be pretty low , I think . A lot of people are leaving . 
is going to have a great day at Oaks Park ! 
hates always being tired . Sleep does not affect me . Mabye I'm not human . :) 
Going to the beach today , where it is around 15 degrees cooler plus a breeze . :) 
Today is going to be another long , boring , summer day . 
I got my first black eye yesterday . It doesn't circle my eye though , it's just under it . 
I'm going to a 4th of July party tonight . Were going to make things go BOOM ! Hehehe .... ( Don't worry , we'll be careful ) :) 
can't decide what to write about . 
" The world is a dangerous place , not because of those who do evil , but because of those who look on and do nothing " 
started painting his room 2 hours ago and is nearly finished . 
is going to get baptized at 2pm . Finally . 
wishes the that the heat would go away . I'd rather live in Alaska than here right now . 
is bored . 
Ugghh . I had to paint for 5 hours straight today . I'm dead tired . At least I got paid well . :) 
had a great time at Clakamas County Fair last night . Great rodeo . 
is not very happy right now . My mom won't let me see District 9 . :( 
is felling guilty , but glad at he same time . 
Ugh . Can't wait until tomorrow . Gonna have a great time . 
I had a horrible dream . I was sitting in a room , and I was surrounded by retards who wouldn't shut up . Their leader was standing up front and ranting about some dumb thing , and I was forced to listen . I was then told to work for them in exchange for my life , which of course I did . After hours of grueling work , it suddenly stopped , and I could leave . What a nightmare ....... oh wait , that's just a normal school day . 
is thankful to God for the chance to experience Him last week in Cali . I'm also thankful for everybody who enabled it to happen and for all the great people I shared the trip with . :) 
is super mad right now . Somebody most likely stole 20 dollars out of my wallet . aaargh . :( 
hates bad dreams . :( 
got all excited about getting new music onto his Ipod and ........ my Itunes failed . That's gay . :( 
Ugh . I had my soul stolen from me today , all because it's a school requirement . :( 
can't wait until next week . It's almost eating me alive ! Well , not really . 
" The Past is a memory , the Present a gift , the Future a mystery " 
For some reason , I got a friend request from myself . 
I hate day light savings . It makes me mad . Really mad . Grrrrrrr ...... 
Yaaaaa ! It's raining ! I love rain ! 
just got back from a crazy time camping at the beach . I now realize that camping is no longer fun when it pours down rain and creates a lake right under your tent . At least we didn't drown in our sleep . :) 
Ahhhhhhh ........ just got back from a wonderful dinner at Applebees . Dang , they have good steak ! 
Hooray ! We're going to get actual internet starting Thursday . Yay ! :) 
Not very excited about going to Cali . I mean , I'm excited that Ben's graduating , but it would be cooler(literally ) if he came up here and graduated . 
The graduation was great ! Were on time now in San Diego waiting for our flight to come . Can't wait to get home . I'm tired of this gross weather . :( 
" An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind . " - Ghandi 
saw his brother today . My how he's changed ! It's mostly physical though . Bet you guys can't wait to see him ! :) 
God doesn't require proof , but people require proof of God . 
SNOWWWW !!!!! 
Number One rule of studenting : never talk back to the teacher . It always spells trouble . 
Thank you everyone for wishing me a happy birthday ! I had a great time today(I think ) . :) 
is taking Ben to the airport later today . Ben leaves sometime tomorrow morning . Please pray for him ! 
I hate life . :( 
Our brain is an incredible piece of flesh . From only one encounter with a specific taste , smell , or sight , it is able to identify what that thing is the next time around . That came in handy for guessing what was inside my presents this year . Anyway , Merry Christmas to all !!!! 
Some people think I " m crazy . Others think I'm weird . I think they are right . :p 
This week is really slow . :( 
Rule Number Two of studenting : do as the teacher says . To a certain point of course . 
had a crazy New Years night/day . I stayed up until 3 AM working on a puzzle which was mentally fatiguing , then slept off and on for 8 hrs . I woke up with an imprint of the carpet on my face , and my nose was stuffed up . I felt like I was dead . But the rest of the day went pretty well , so my new year is off to a good start . :) 
found out the hard way that you should wrap your wrists befaore punching a punching bag . Ow . 
has to work for 5 hr . today to pay of some debt . 
Why is the world so unfair ? Why are people living on the streets while others are living in million dollar houses ? Why are people blessed with beauty and others need to hide themselves ? Why are people less fortunate than us looked down upon ? How did this all come to be ? 
I yelled at a football player in a hole because that's how I roll . 
Remember , your objective is only to survive , not to obliterate the Zerg . 
Only in death do we have an excuse for apathy . 
ugh . i hate meatloaf . it is so gross . :p 
Life can be so short , yet so full of adventures . But the only problem is many adventures are not of our choosing and don't live up to our expectations . 
had a smashing time playing Combat Arms today . Kicked some butt , but mostly got my butt kicked . :) 
Some moments in life pass by in rapid succession , leaving you yearning to live those moments again in order to live them to their fullest extent . But they are gone , and what remains are memories to remember them by , and dreams of what we could have done instead . The feeling is relentless , and haunts the mind and body with determination . 
Screwed up my arm today playing " rugby " . It really hurts to move it . :( 
Amusement brings laughter and laughter brings a smile . Smiles bring happiness and happiness brings joy . And joy is the best of them all . 
Question : Do you ride a bicycle or do you drive it ? 
Mmmm , Apples and carmel . Oh , what a glorious combination ! 
Question : What's the difference between cold hot chocolate and chocolate milk ? 
Three day weekend ! Yay !! 
He comes from the grave , his body a home of worms and filth . No life in his eyes , no warmth of his skin , no beating of his breast . His soul , as empty and dark as the night sky . He laughs at the blade , spits at the arrow , for they will not harm his flesh . For eternity , he will walk the earth , smelling the sweet blood if the living , feasting upon the bones of the damned . Beware , for he is the living dead . 
I hate having my birthday so close to Thanksgiving . It takes all the fun out of both of them . 
I feel putridly sick , the vile taste of a failed immune system rising in the back of my throat . Every time I breathe , my body trembles in agony , my muscles cry out for relief , my mind floods with warning signals of death . Yet I press on , this hell not deterring me from my passions and my prayers . 
Live life to its fullest , just be careful what you fill it with . 
The worst insults come when we don't even mean it . 
Words . The greatest thing about them is that they will never cease to exist . They start in the mind , and always stay there , even when spoken . Words , the core of communication , allow humans to process , reason , and form thoughts . Without them , mankind would die . They exhibit emotion , and occasionally are used in a way they weren't meant for . 
Are we mere machines ? Do we walk and talk about as if we are mindless creatures , preprogrammed to walk a perfect life ? Of coures not . That is because there is choice , and the choices we make are what determines the outcome of our entire life . People mess up , but why ? Because their choices are influenced in bad ways . 
Conflict . Nobody likes it , and yet it happens all the time . It occurs when two or more sides of a battle collide or have disagreements , and it rarely ends well . There are two kinds of conflict : personal and public . A personal conflict takes place as a person doubts themselves or has a moral dilemna . Public conflict is just the spreading of the personal conflict to affect other parties . 
No rain , no gain . Hot sun , no fun . :( 
Some people escape by using drugs . Others , sex . For me though , I find my escape in Christ Jesus . 
It's amazing how two days can feel like forever . 
Need the best repairman around ? Call on Jesus . He's free , and always open . 
I miss frisbee ..... 
Monotony will kill us all . 
What are peoples plans for Monday(Presidents Day) ? I want to have another Halo " party " . Would you be interested ? 
It had better snow this week .... 
I think my other classmate dropped out of school ..... or off the face of the earth . Who knows . 
It may be your burden , but that doesn't mean you can't share the load . 
Playing hacky sack on wet , slippery wood = not a good idea . 
Lets see how much you know about me . 4 of the following 6 statements are lies . The other 2 are truths . If you get it right , Ill give you something special . 
1 . I like tomatoes . 
2 . My upper arms have a circumference of 14 in . 
3 . I was stabbed in the right eye when I was little . 
4 . Clouds are my favorite part of nature . 
5 . I like all genres of music . 
6 . I have never broken or sprained any part of my body . 
I feel sick . Maybe I shouldn't have eaten that snow .... 
I could say I hate Mondays . Or I could just say I hate school . 
Goodbye beard . See you in a month . 
Apprehensive . 
Shoot for the moon . Even if you miss , you'll land amongst the stars . 
Who knew one person could experience so much emotion ? 
Hi ! Because hello is just too complicated . 
Im tired of being tired . 
It's amazing how reading the Bible can comfort me so much . Thank you God . 
And I searched the world for a poem i could read , a rhyme that could bring glory to my King . But no writing I found was worthy of this God high above all other gods . What are my words compared to yours ? You speak in thunder and lightning , your voice shakes the mountains , the foundations of the earth . And all I can offer is this fragile breath , and with each one I'll praise you , I'll praise you more . 
You can give up , or you can give yourself to Christ . One leads to death , the other to eternal life in a paradise , Heaven . Hrm . Such a tough decision . 
Want to change your life ? Then go ahead . Nothing is stopping you but yourself . 
Sickness only makes being home alone worse . :( 
I hate the past . It deserves to be erased from memory forever . I dont care if the memories were good ; they dont matter anymore . Only our future in Christ does . 
Is it safe to drink shower water ? 
I kind of really like Mozilla Firefox . 
I wish there were more people in the world that cared like I do . 
A conversation is like playing tennis . If you dont return the ball , the conversation ends . 
" Money is like a glove . Friendship is like your hand . One is useful , the other essential . " 
Doctors : masters of violation or helpers of humanity ? 
I feel sick . Oh , wait . I am . 
Prayer does not go unanswered . 
This weekend had better be good . I deserve it . 
We are social and sexual creatures . Now that's a recipe for disaster without proper care . 
I love seeing others smile . :D 
Do you even know what it's like ? 
I can't stand this . I need to sit down . 
I need to stop thinking about life and start focusing on living mine . 
For every like of this post , I'll tell you a random fact about me . 
Hold me close , away from the bitter . 
No sleeping in for this poor soul . 
I'm in the mood for rocking out to music . :D 
People are stupid . 
It's time to wake up . Life is more than just a dream . It's a God given gift . Use it wisely . 
If God is love , then its not love that holds us together . 
I never knew geocaching would be so fun . :) 
God puts back together the broken pieces that have been thrown away . 
Fun is a relative term . 
I'm probably the most complicated guy you'll ever meet . So , it might not be worth your time trying to figure me out . 
Well , that was one heck of a trip . 
Spring is here . It's time for me to start over with a new beginning and a new end in sight . 
I get to shoot things today . Yay . 
I am my own worst enemy . 
Anyone interested in helping me raise 400 dollars in two months ? 
You don't know me as well as you think you do . 
Christians never retire . 
I want to play ultimate frisball . 
Iron sharpens iron . Too bad everyone else is using bronze . 
I <3 Portland . 
I'm debating shearing off my hair . Thoughts ? 
FRISBEEEEEEEE !!!!!!! :DDDD 
You may have your own gods , but my God , my God is greater , my God is stronger . 
I just want to sit and write . Why does school have to get in the way of that ? 
I will put my trust in Jesus , for He has already conquered the world . 
I feel bleh . 
Using only one word , define me . 
It's like a snot factory up there . 
Maintaining a beard sucks . 
I shot a zombie and I liked it . 
I have a ride along with a Portland Police officer tomorrow . I'm scared . >.< 
My curiosity always gets the best of me . 
If there was nothing wrong , then there would be nothing right . 
Just pray it . 
God is good . 
Life is so confreakingfusing . 
Science Fair , I hate you ... 
I need a hug ... 
... or prayer . 
Satan , get away from me and my life ! 
This is probably the hardest week of my life . Or so it feels . 
Where do I belong ? 
Google Images has some really weird photos ... 
Jesus ' Everlasting Salvation Unites Sinners 
Hacked : You left your account logged in at my house . - <3 Emma 
It's hard enough just surviving . 
What is a friend ? 
I could be happy . I could be sad . But in this world , does it even matter anymore ? 
I like sharp pencils . Hehehe ... 
Life is short . Eat fast food . 
Normal is hard to fake . 
I'm listening to Justin Bieber . She has a nice voice . :) 
" But among you there must not be even a hint of sexual immorality , or of any kind of impurity , or of greed , because these are improper for God's holy people . Nor should there be obscenity , foolish talk or coarse joking , which are out of place , but rather thanksgiving . " - Ephesians 5:3 -4 
It's gonna be a couple lonely nights . :\ 
What's this life for ? 
* SIGHHHH * 
What a beautiful mess we've made ... 
Do not aspire to be anything like me . 
It feels as if the whole world is out to get me right now ... 
When you say jump , I'll ask , " How high ? " . 
Oddly enough , I actually like going to the dentist . 
Your arms feel like home . 
What changed ? 
I hate my disfunctional school . 
I don't hope . I pray . 
My knee keeps twitching ... 
I find it ironic how the answers to the mysteries in life can only be discovered in death . 
I'm lick man Hoover . 
Am I getting more mature , or is the world just getting immature ? I can't tell the difference sometimes . 
Do something too much , it becomes a habit . 
Use something too much , it becomes an addiction . 
Think something too much , and it becomes a reality . 
I want to dance in the rain . Well , not dance . Just play . 
I wonder if Mr Fantastic gets muscle cramps .... 
The world has ended , yet here I stand . Cold and beaten , scared and abandoned , a solitary life in a lonely world . I was unworthy to be left behind , unworthy to be saved , somewhere between Heaven and Hell . But I see a light in the midst of the darkness . And His name is Jesus . 
Either I swallowed my heart , or I just have two . 
I cant wait until winter . 
Putt ... putt ... putt ... WHACK ! 
Complete Darkness . You open your eyes and nothing changes . . 
I feel like someone took a meat tenderizer to my torso . Over , and over , and over again . 
Why does my name have so many nicknames ? 
Lying in the dark , staring up at a fan , and pondering ... 
On a scale from one to ten , should it be possible for anything to be a ten ? 
I think I found my new favorite quote . 
I hate this ... 
Once upon a time ... 
Is it suicide if you take someone with you ? 
Ahh ... the SAT's ... Stupid Asinine Timewasters . 
Are we alive , or just breathing ? 
When you read something to yourself , are you hearing it as well ? 
The question is not " Who am I ? " . Rather , it is " Why am I ? " 
My toe feels like it was stepped on twice by cleats . Oh wait ... It was . :P 
Are you ready for some frisbee ? 
Level of excitement for school tomorrow , on a scale from 1 to 10 = -10 
Think about it . 
Sometime , I just want to copy someone's status word for word just to see if they notice . 
I made a stupid decision and now I'm paying for it . Literally . 
Nice catch ... With your face . 
I shaved off my beard today . I'm not sure whether to hate it or love it . :p 
I don't know what tomorrow holds , but I know who holds tomoprrow . 
Bad day . 
" We come to love not by finding a perfect person , but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly . " - Sam Keen 
Huh . I just realized that I actually have a name inside my name , which is kinda creepy . 
One simple question : do you trust me ? 
You're knife , my back . 
I may be grotesque , I may be a freak , but I know one thing for sure : I am loved and will always be capable of loving . 
I have the ability to do sometihng great with my life . I can do it , if my motivation was strong enough . I would do it , but my mind is lacking in knowledge , confining me to my comfort zones . I want to do it , yet I don't want to screw up my only chance . But by not doing it , does that label me a coward ? 
Thunder and Hail ! Thunder and Hail ! Someone must have made God mad . 
Candy is good . 
I think racing has moved up to number 3 on my favorite sports list . 
In my own world , I am . 
I love Halo music . :D 
The heart is the rhythm of the life ; the veins are the speakers ; the blood is the music . 
Guess what ? 
To be , or to be , that is not the question . 
I wish mouths were soundproof . 
I'd rather be the man who comes in last than the nobody who comes in fourth . 
Some people have their glass half empty . Others , half full . In my case , my glass has been tipped over and it's contents reduced to a puddle , both on the table and my lap . 
Sometimes goodbye is a second chance . 
Don't judge me . 
What is least expected hurts the most . 
If no one tells us about it , how can we be expected to know ? 
I hope this week is good to me . 
Ugh . I hate it when I can't remember where I saw that actor before . It really gets to me . 
Tomorrow , you WILL be a good day , won't you ? 
Dear friends , the week ahead of us is very special to me . So please , if possible , try not to screw it up . Thanks . 
I think Black Friday should go back to bed and never wake up . 
I can't escape this Hell . So many times I've tried . But I'm still caged inside . Somebody get me through this nightmare . I can't control myself . 
I could really use a wish right now . 
The heart may be the center of the circulatory system , but it's just as much the center of my nervous system . 
Stand for something , or you'll fall for anything . 
Peekaboo ! I see you ..... 
Some people can't distinguish between what is fun , and what is annoying . 
I don't know about you , but I'm keeping CHRIST in CHRISTmas . 
Bummer . :( 
Wow . I'm surprised at how bad my day is ending up . 
Anyone want to go to Wunderland ? 
On a scale of 1 to 10 , how well do you think you know me ? 
I really wish I knew what Gods plan for my life was . Not that I would try to change anything . I just don't like the unknowns . 
I swear wires are from the Devil . 
You know what's funny about being funny ? Absolutely nothing . 
The school year is officially over . For me , it was the best year ever and will probably stay that way . I think I laughed more this year than all the year preceding it combined . I don't think I would have made it if I didn't have amazing classmates and teachers . Thank you for the support and the memories . Adios , mis amigos . :) 
Lately , I've been thinking about not thinking . And frankly , not thinking is unthinkable . 
Warning : I destroy things near me when I'm bored or waiting for something . But , I occasionally do it just for entertainment . So ... you've been warned . 
Bros before hos , but ladies before All . 
I got a paper cut from using Facebook . That takes hardcore skill . 
Loading ... 
O Death , where Is your victory ? 
O Death , where is your sting ? 
Stupid bowl . You just had to go and break yourself . Whatever . 
I'm not ready to lay , not ready fade ; I'm not ready to die . 
The more you live life , the sooner you'll die . 
There's change in the air . Too bad the wind's blowing in the opposite direction . 
If life was easy , we would all be dead . 
I stabbed myself with a pencil today . That's makes the record 2-0 , with the pencil in the lead . 
Only the strong survive , but only the courageous prevail . 
Don't bash what you don't understand . 
Im such a depressing person . Sorry , guys . :P 
5 things I hate about the summer , apart from it being summer : 1 . The heat 2 . Sooooo boring 3 . " Swimming " 4 . Dead grass 5 . Having no air conditioning 
You can't save yourself from your own stupidity . 
I kind of like experiencing winter in July . Hot sun , cold snow ... ah , good times . 
What if ...? 
Bullets are dangerous , but so are words . 
Watch your thoughts ; they become words . 
Watch your words ; they become actions . 
Watch your actions ; they become habits . 
Watch your habits ; they become character . 
Everyone is a genius at least once a year . The real geniuses simply have their bright ideas closer together . - Georg Cristoph Lichtenberg 
Tic Tacs or Mentos ? 
I hate high energy people . Animals too , for that matter . 
The weak of the mind will use fists , and the fists of the frail will bring guns ; the loudest of guns provoke bombs , and in wrath he will chase ' til its done . 
I am the last of a dying breed : the Spartans , built to fight and born to lead . We will destroy the Covenant and make them bleed . Cortana lead me , through your eyes I will see . Headshot !! 
FRISBEEEEEEE !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
It's not a new year . It's a new decade . 
I hate Fridays ... 
Dear God , grant me the Serenity to accept the things I cannot change , the Courage to change the things I can , and the Wisdom to know the difference . 
If only ... 
Finally , some Oregon weather . 
So far , so bad . 
Hmmm ... which of these sound most interesting ? A robbery at a carnival , a murder on plane , or a terrorist attack on a post office ? 
Faecbook neds to get a spell-chek theng reallly soone . :p 
Just got our car rammed by some stupid driver going 35 down our road . 
Hmmm ... I wonder if washing the inside of your nose does anything ... 
Are you afraid ? Well , you'd better be . 
I hate long days ... 
Why do naps make me even more tired !?! ugh ... 
It really sucks being a high-schooler and having most of your good friends in college . :P 
If you think about it , there is nothing worse than life . 
How can we know how victory feels unless we have felt defeat ? 
Ouch . Why do baseball fields have to be so gritty ? 
The past is a memory . The present , a gift . The future , a mystery . 
Smile . :) 
Two words : HALO LEGOS . 
Snow ? 
I think I found the one ... 
Im happy right now . The Ducks lost . :) 
I love close encounters with zombies . 
When youre down , God knows whats up . 
When it's gloomy outside , the world needs your light , not that of the sun . So , let your light shine , for all the world to see . 
Kidnap successful . 
What a day ..... 
During the summer , are the days longer or are the nights shorter ? 
There is no point arguing with an idiot . 
:D 
Opinions are Opinions and Facts are Facts , while no Opinion is a Fact 
Fml . :D 
Cap'n Crunch : the worlds most annoying cereal . 
Leaving for Maine tomorrow . I'm going to miss my Oregonians . 
What drinks flesh and eats blood ? 
I hate airports almost as much hospital . 
What are some good apps for the Iphone/Ipod touch ? 
I have the best aunts and uncles . Period . 
That is redundantly redundant . 
I just cut an apple with a butter knife . Beat that ! 
Just played the most epic , worst game of Sorry ! 
Its not easy being a rock . 
I'm duct taping my gloves . Why ? Because I'm bored , I have the duct tape , and it's going to look sweet when I'm done ! 
I'm not retreating ... I'm advancing in a different direction . 
The world without me would be : __________ 
Want the next generation to be full of Republicans ? Spank your children more . 
Sweat is the cologne of success . 
Like this status if you enjoy having fun . 
I'm in desperate need of a cure for laziness . 
Donuts for breakfast , pizza for lunch , and little children for dinner . Oh , what a fabulous diet ! 
Anyone want to go to Wunderland this week ? I can get you and your friends in for free . 
If Jesus had a cell phone , what would his number be ? 
Just got done watching an amazing musical , Carousel . 
The end of the world is near ; there are Justin Bieber dolls . xP 
The nature of nature is to be naturally natural . 
Facebook is a drug . Use it too much and you become addicted , and it destroys your life . Using it too little makes it pointless . But when you take the required amount of Facebook , it cures boredom , connects you with friends and relieves stress . 
You speak my name and I'm no longer there . Who am I ? 
I've got a bad feeling about this ... 
It's not easy being short . 
Is it twisted to have a fascination with the concept of death ? 
I'm beginning to resent motion pictures . 
Ughhhh ..... I feel like a razor was shoved down my throat , twisted in unnatural ways , then ripped out slowly . Stupid sickness . :( 
Dear Agony , just let go of me . 
Trust is not something to put your faith in . 
The world is a germ . 
Blub . Blub . Blub . Hi ! Im a fish ! xD 
I woke up on the wrong side of the universe . 
I love peeling dried glue off my skin . It makes me feel like a snake . 
Blarg . 
You know what a good oxymoron is ? Homework . xP 
I'm having a craving to go on a picnic . 
Oregon , I believe in you . Shed your tears , release them from on high ; let them fall , frozen , heavy , white . Break the spell , Oregon ; pour out your cold wrath upon us . Weigh the land with a frosty burden , cover the impurities of your past ; create a fantasy land , a winter wonderland . 
Some people can't help sounding like idiots , myself included . 
I'm a proud pessimist , though I'm sure it'll get me killed soon enough . 
Want to know why the grass is greener on the other side ? It's because they actually water it over there . 
I hate being lazy , but lazy loves being me . :p 
I don't forgive and forget . I forget , then forgive them because I don't remember what they did . 
Our toilet paper is the worst . It's like rubbing sandpaper against your skin . I might as well use the bark off the tree used to make the paper . :p 
I'm seventeen ? Really ? I can't tell . 
What's more rude : not saying thank you to your waiter , or spitting food at them because you tried to say thank you with your mouth full ? 
I like poetry , long walks on the beach , and poking dead things with a stick . 
I love my fiends . :) 
The more you frown , the easier it becomes to smile . 
I miss Ultimate Frisbee on Wednesdays ... :( 
Over-sized Snuggies and dining tables full of food do not mix well . 
This is going to be one interesting/crazy/weird/fun/amazing weekend . 
Finals ? Kill me now . 
Ugh . 
What's your favorite color of the alphabet ? 
Eyes are so creepy . O_o 
Sigh ... I hate the mail system . That includes you , FedEx and UPS . :P 
I'm being sarcastic . Can't you tell ? 
Ticonderoga makes too good of pencils ... 
My nose has been reduced to a snot factory . 
Homework is forced child labor . 
Use me , abuse me , break me if you like , but remember this : you'll get yours in Hell . 
I don't feel very receptive today . 
Gah . I hate jamming my finger . 
A world without War is 
A world without jobs and 
A world without compromise , for 
All Life is War . 
Whether it be Heaven against 
Hell or man against Beast , 
All live in War . 
Man thrives on destruction 
and power , and position and fame ; 
Man fears what he cannot tame . 
God created Man and Man 
Created war ; when war is gone , 
Life is meaningless , 
For all Life is 
War . - Jonathan G . 
Dear child , don't you fear . You're only going to die . 
The darkest hour only has sixty minutes . 
Immortal or Invincible ? 
Thank you friends of my Facebook for all your birthday ... wishes ? Statements ? Questions ? Whatever they were , it gives me one more thing to be thankful for on this day , Thanksgiving , and it makes me glad that I'm appreciated . :) 
Face plants into the ground do wonders to your body . :P 
LIVING is simple . LIFE is incredibly complicated . 
Hooray , it's a 2 day weekend ... why can't our school have a normal schedule ? 
Change your FB Profile Picture to a Cartoon from your childhood . The goal is to not see a human face on FB till Monday December 6th . Support the fight against Child Abuse by copying and pasting this as your status . 
Yeah , that's right , I'm posting this from school . xD 
I just can't shake the feeling .... 
I'm rarely called by my real name , Jonathan , and I kind of want to be , just to see what its like . So , if you would be so kind to oblige my request and call me Jonathan for about a week , I'd be happy . But , if you are lazy , dont bother . I'll say and spell your name wrong too . 
Pretzels , raisins , and peanut butter . What an interesting combination . 
I want to be crazy , but no one is willing to be my kind of crazy with me . 
Sharp knives + Jonathan = happy Jonathan . :D 
I must have a very strong heartbeat , because I can see my veins pulse . 
Two things teens don't have in this generation : commitment and respct . It's a shame really . 
It looks like Frosted Flakes out there . 
* siiigggghhhhhhh * 
Who's more irrational : the young man or the older woman ? 
They have Little Caesar's pizza , but why aren't there any Little Hitler's , Little Stalin's , or Little Hirohito's ? 
Well , that Life sucked . 
Fascinating ... 
Too many thoughts , not enough time . 
Gr . I hate it when people make fun of me for being a picky eater . I mean , really . It's my body , it's my taste buds , and it's going through my digestive system . I have a right to be able to choose what enters and exits my mouth . If it's gross to me , why would I eat it ? Some people just don't get it . 
I like bubbles . I like eating bubbles . But I don't like what happens when I eat bubbles . 
It's not that I'm afraid to die , I just don't want to be there when it happens . 
I hope it snows tomorrow . That way , I can play frisbee in the snow ! :) 
Why am I always chosen to die first ? 
Is this a rhetorical question ? 
Who knew painting an elephant could be so much fun ? xD 
Huh . I guess I was naughty this year ; I found coal in my stocking . 
My top 5 voices : Liam Neeson , Morgan Freeman , the guy who say " Slayer " in Halo , Jason Wade , and Emily Mortimer . 
I just need to get through the day , and then all my troubles will pass away . 
My life feels like a DREAM . 
" The course of true love never did run smooth . " 
Its pointless to use logic on an illogical fool . They just get confused . 
You cannot do a kindness too soon because you never know how soon it will be too late . 
I despise urbanization . 
Does somebody want to do anything on Monday ? 
I don't know what's going on with me , but I don't like it . 
You know something is wrong when you are mistaken for an adult 5 times before you are even 18 . 
Is anyone up for a movie this week ? I dont feel busy enough . 
I don't think I'm ever going to have another Costco hotdog . Gosh , do they give me intestinal problems . 
" I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends . " 
Stereotype me . I dare you . 
I feel like my life is waste . I have no story , no influence , no particular skills that are useful . I just suck . 
Gah . So many good games coming out this year ..... I need a job . :P 
Prayer makes the world better . So , I could use some now . 
If you're happy and you know it clap your hands . +claps+ 
My life resembles a gum ball machine . All it takes is a question , a quarter , and Ill give an answer . So , dont go around complaining that you dont know me very well . Im sitting right here , waiting for you to care , waiting for a quarter . 
Sometimes even leaders stumble and fall . And when that happens , who is there to help them up ? 
To say that this week was long would be an understatement . To say that this week was emotional would be an understatement . Yet , despite that , to say that this week was the greatest week ever would be spot on . 
I think I'm getting sick . 
Can I take a day off from life , please ? 
Why does nobody text me back ? :( 
Hehehehe ...... 
For my first real Valentine's Day , Id say it was great . And its a great start to a week full of fun . :) 
I've got an ace up my sleeve , and a jack in my pocket . The queen lies in my hand Where's the king ? 
Satan , please just leave her alone . 
Im going to try to grow a goatee on top of my beard . I hope it works out . 
Saturday . Halo . My house , at 7 . Anyone interested ? 
Is it bad to drink a gallon of OJ before going to bed ? 
