I'm free !!! No more idiot to control my life ! Just me and the dogs , and alot of housework !!! 
Family is still kicking ! Barely making it but ' m happy to have been able to see them ! It sucks that all my memories of my family will be overruled by them getting old and sick and dying , the good memories seem to be harder and harder to find ... 
Reminder ... High humidity and yard work ... NO Go ! Yuck ! 
Found out today that squirrels can't hold their breath and that skunks can ... LOL ! Very interesting trip down the river ! Oh ... Squirrels like tomatoes ... And my dog chooses to lose one sock ... The one of three that was protecting his feet from the blisters that he popped yesterday ... 
Is in Flag for the weekend ! Kinda . Anyone wanting to hang out for coffee or lunch ... Call me ! 
Bring it life ! What a time ... Looking for another job ... this stinks but I'm ready for the next round ! 
My first marriage proposal ... He liked my eyes and told me ... If he wins the lottery , he will run away with me and we will live in Arruba .... Too bad he was in his late sixties ... LOL ! 
Birthday's wear me out ... My cousin's turn today , mine was yesterday , so I'm thinking BBQ .... 
Paco is coming to town !!!! I'll be picking him up on Sat and driving him down to Chandler/Mesa for the night , I have to take him back Sunday afternoon but I'm going to try to get him down here for longer in a few weeks ... If you want to meet up with him let me know ! 
Not only am I a year older today ... I also have all the new creaking , moaning , groaning , old-lady-can't-get-out-of-bed syndrome .... Is it too early to rewind my birthdays and start counting backwards ? 
So ... Joking about the guy asking me to marry him ... That was funny , most guys don't mean it when they are just buying a lotto ticket .... But yesterday he comes in and asks me what kind of flowers I liked ... The creepiest part of all was the look he gave me when I told him I didn't like flowers I liked trucks .... EWWWW !!!!! 
Letting my dogs out for their last night potty break ... Flames over my back fence .... Very interesting . 
After the blowout , a graveyard shift was nothing ... It was all worth the adventure ! Marco .... You must send me the picture of my tire if you get a chance ! It was awesome to have you guys along for the ride !!! 
does not believe in the current trend of placating the masses . 
Anyone have some extra patience and/or tolerance they could loan me ? 
Wanted : One Sugar Daddy . Apply here ! 
Morality is controlled by the masses ... Unfortunately , the masses aren't that bright .... 
My uncle just died this morning ... 
My dog is a parrot ... She mimicks the sounds of fire truck sirens ... Must find a way to record her , it hilarious . 
It's all gone . I'm not quite bald but I'm liking it so far ! 
Thinking about old friends and older times . Some things I miss , but mostly , just glad we survived ... 
Blue , black , shiny , chrome .... 
Just so you know ... I blame Tarl .... 
That creepy feeling of being watched ... yeah the kind that puts all the hair on your body on end ... Looking around to make sure you're alone ... rotten dogs ... 
I'm getting my surgery on Wed . Finally ! It's only taken 2 and a half years .... 
believes that sledge hammers would hurt less .... 
Yard work is so much fun !!! I can't wait for it to be over ... Oh and if you buy a weedeater and only use it three times , make sure to buy the extra case of string .... Stupid weedeater ... 
YUCK ! 
I made it ... semi concious since ... very sore ... 
Ten hours and counting ... starting to get nervous .... 
Some days it's just right to do . 
She was an amazing wonderful and caring woman 
Just because I don't cry and scream and mope doesn't mean I'm not dealing with . No . I don't want to cry about it . I don't talk to you about it cause that's who I am . I'm not you . Don't tell me how to grieve ! This is me , not you so get over it ! 
Unusually hard to hold on to .... 
Needs luck in the morning please ! My dog Snickers is getting a secomd opinion ... He keeps dislocating his kneecap ... I'm hoping for only therapy ... Not surgery ... 
It's official . Snickers will need surgery .... Any one know a way of getting a couple grand really quick ? ( legallly ... well mostly ... ) 
Arms Race : 
Wiki Def - The term arms race , in its original usage , describes a competition between two or more parties for the best armed forces . Each party competes to produce larger numbers of weapons , greater armies , or superior military technology in a technological escalation . 
Jay def - the mad grab for the last serving of mashed potatoes .... 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric ward together . Using 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well .. Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words is harder than you think ......!! 
Clumsiness : 
Wiki : a lack of elegance or coordination . 
Jay : Jay 
So , let me get this straight ... Charlie Sheen can make a " porn family " ; Kelsey Grammer can end a 15-year marriage over the phone ; Larry King can be on divorce #9 ; Britney Spears had a 55-hour marriage ; Jesse James and Tiger Woods , while married , were having sex with EVERYONE . Yet , the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ? Really ? Re-post if you are proud to support equal rights 
Is tired of being your personal punching bag . 
The Girl you just called fat ? She has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs . The Boy you just called stupid ? He has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The Girl you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The Boy you just tripped ? He is abused enough at home . There's a lot more to people than you think . put this on your status if you're against bullying 
Signs that food you are trying to eat are actually deadly : 
1 . Upon opening to go box , eye and nose begin to weep . 
2 . Can't see the noodles for all the chili peppers . 
3 . First bite causes lips to go numb . Second bite , Lips begin to swell . 
4 . The complete loss of all sensation from lips down to what used to be your stomach . 
This is deadly simply because you cannot stop eating it !!! 
How to break an ear : 
Spend 6 hours or more on a phone ... I need to find an ear donor ... 
DnD - Most people would think Dungeons and Dragons .... Not today ... DnD is for Drowsing n ' Drooling ... 
They took a job knowing they would never get rich . They have missed out on many holidays & events because of work . They may have to lay down their life or take one . Their life expectancy is shorter than yours because of the stress . But yet you think they're overpaid & you won't pay them because you can't work together to keep our govt running . Yet you will pay yourself ? SHAMEFUL ! Post if you support our MILITARY !! 
No . 
If you ever need immediate service in an ER , just let the receptionist know your tongue is numb . No paperwork required . Immediate IV and a steroid shot . Tell you what though ... Makes for a crappy morning headache . 
enjoys being difficult .... 
Sign of a great date : Warm breezes , Lots of food , Moonlit walks , Cuddling on the couch , Good movies , sharing a bowl of popcorn , and lots of tongue .... 

Or , in this case , a great night with the pups ! 
Some days I would like to say something important and witty , to remind myself that I am still functioning mentally .... Then I go for a drive and look around , and I realize : So long as I can still walk , talk , and chew gum at the same time .... I'm doing better than most . 
I think that what I said earlier is more true than I thought , I'm a cynical optomistic . Therefore ; I'm a walking talking living breathing oxy-moron .... And as long as I keep the oxy in front , I'm doing ok .... 
can't wait for the rain 
People are like alcohol . I've been blessed to have been surrounded by smooth malts , expensive bourbons , and spicy rums . However , I have noticed that people shopping in Walmart tend to remind me of skunky Coors ... 
There may be hope yet ... 
Chicks dig scars ... why can't guys ? Lol ! I am going to have a nice one .... 
Has just finished making an amazing mexican lasagna . It's so good it'll burn the snot straight out of you !!! Woo Hoo !!! 
No . No . and No . 
I sometimes wonder what ramen is made of ... Then I decide not to ruin it for myself by looking ... 
Note : After seeing doc , with uncontrollable mucus mayhem , confined strictly to sinuses , you are prescribed drugs in which to beat mucus back into submission . When taking these , they actually mean for you to read the warning labels ... 
If you can't figure out the difference between the long pedal , the wide one and the square one , then don't drive ! 
The bronco is dead ... any one need parts ? or willing to buy the truck , needing a new tranny ... 
Gotta learn how to get out of the way ... 
Sometimes it's best not to question things in life ... There are so many things that you really don't want to know the why's or how's until you've already found out ... So : Just smile and nod . 
Monsoon Season !!!! Officially starts tomorrow ... Stupid weather experts , there is a date for everything . But for some strange reason , the weather doesn't seem to follow the rules ... Who could have figured ? 
" When black cats prowl and pumpkins gleam , may luck be yours on Halloween . " 
" Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate . Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure . It is our light , not our darkness that most frightens us . We ask ourselves , Who am I to be brilliant , gorgeous , talented , fabulous ? Actually , who are you not to be ? You are a child of God . Your playing small does not serve the world . " ~ Marianne Williamson 
just so you guys know ... I got a notification saying that a david leonard accepted a bunch of friend requests that I had recommended .... I never sent out those reccomendations and I have no idea who it is . Please be careful with this id ... 
I should not be this old .... Lol ! 
Sorry about the mess up ... had changed some settings and only found out today that no one could write on my wall ... could you check and tell me if I fixed it ? 
Chicken Alfredo .... yup .... 
If children are the furture and represent hope ... Then what are adults ? Hopeless lost causes ? Well now there's a thought to brighten the day ... 
It's the first drop that destroys you ; there's no harm at all in the last . 
I have come to the conclusion that I have been very selfish lately . From now on I have decide to share my sarcasm with everyone , not just family and friends . And as a gesture of good will , I give fair warning to the woman , who has recently been in front of me on the drive to work , put your make up on before you get in the car , or I shall share my gift of cutting witt with you first thing on a monday morning . 
Only because it's a challenge !!! Do any of us really know everybody on our Facebook friend list ? Here's a task for all of you - I want all my FB friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same to you .. 
Signs your brain is trying to explode : You start crying snot , can't breathe through your nose and Mucus decides to turn up the bass for a heavy death metal concert in your sinuses .... 
According to Wiki - 
Flight - the process by which an object moves through the air by generating lift , propulsive thrust or aerostatically using buoyancy , or by simple ballistic movement . 
In my case , this is achieved by a dinky car and an unexpected speed hump ... 
was told I have exactly 3 moods . Sarcastic , Violent , and Asleep . 
Never mind ... I found it ... should have use my toe the first time ... Reminder -Kick coffee table with left big toe , crumple to floor in agony ... Find it , right where you put it 6 months ago ... Last place to look , shall now be the first ! If it's not there , kick the coffee table for good measure ! 
When we drink , we get drunk . 
When we get drunk , we fall asleep . 
When we fall asleep , we commit no sin . 
When we commit no sin , we go to Heaven . 
So let's all get drunk and go to Heaven ! 
“It is easy to be pleasant when life flows by like a song , but the man worth while is the one who will smile when everything goes dead wrong . For the test of the heart is trouble , and it always comes with years , and the smile that is worth the praises of earth is the smile that shines through the tears . ” 
If I didn't die , I'll live ... You worry too much ! 
Life is what you make of it .... Lately , mine has been pizza and peant-butter-and-jelly sandwiches ... and a cake thrown in for the good times ! 
This [ the Irish ] is one race of people for whom psychoanalysis is of no use whatsoever . 
- Sigmund Freud 
doesn't recommend passing out as a way to pick up on guys .... 
It's always in the last place you look ... Problem is I've looked alot of places ... Still haven't found the last place 
I am not some commodity to be sold to the lowest bidder . If you cannot see my value , and would disregard me as soon as a ' better ' opportunity comes by , so be it . You could never truly value me , and I am better off . 
Your car is Japanese . Your beer is Irish . Your wine is Spanish . Your 
democracy is Greek . Your coffee is Colombian . Your tea is Chinese . Your 
watch is Swiss . Your fashion is French . Your shirt is Indian . Your radio 
is Korean . Your vodka is Russian . And you complain your neighbor is an 
...... immigrant ? Pull yourself together ! Copy if you're against Racism 
If women are the root of all evil , and the subconcious is the root of who you are , does that mean that my subconcious is conciously evil and helping me plot to take over the world through devious means described only in ritualistic writtings ? 
" Sometimes I've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast . " 
They will be reducing all medications and removing some life support systems tonight . She will be moved to a different room . Hopefully she can regain some conciousness before the end . 
Thanks for all the support guys ! She made it through the night and got some sleep . We found out she has an infection in her intestine that the treaatment is really invasive . So it may be a descion as to what is more humane . I will keep trying to post as I find out , but I'm desperate for sleep . Thanks again ! 
At Flag hospital . She's doing ok I think , Family went home to get much needed sleep . They've been here all day and all week . I stayed . I'll only say this . If you have anything short of dire situation and can possibly last for the 2 hours , go to PHX hospitals ! 
After violent brain evacuations , watch for couching up left over purple brain juice and last weeks spaghetti . Note : Listening to your mother tell you all the ways in which to get better , top being sleeping , while having already done all the above , and currently in supine position to induce temporary Nyquil coma , does NOT improve mood ... 
Summer is coming !!! Got my first sunburn of the year out of the way and it's only February !!!! 
My therapist seems to believe that the harder I laugh , the harder he should push on knotted muscles , joints , or surgery scars .... I don't think he understands that it doesn't tickle ... 
