Looking for something to do tomorrow any suggestions ? 
just went to the amazing Panic ! at the Disco , Fall Out Boy , Blink 182 concert !!! 
Fun night . I went to Key Club and Quiz Team . Then I hung out with Chris and Selina . 
Going camping this weekend ! 
is back in the real world . 
enjoyed the people and fireworks last night 
just realized ... " Since my phone was annihilated I lost some contact info . If you want me to have your # then message it to me please . Also , I just got a Skype , so if you're on that Let me know " -Me 
thinks he will walk up to Harvest Home again tonight . Anyone who wants to can meet me there . 
: Another Sunday another $39.10 from my local Skyline Chili : " It's Skyline Time " 
just found out English Comp is canceled today ! This is beyond fortunate , because the paper he had due today for that class is still incomplete , and would have required rushing of the highest order to have been done on time . 
Got a $150 wool coat and $30 faux fir hat for $70 today . Yay Black Friday ! 
wants to know ... For those of you who pick up others peoples ' money from off of the ground , why do you do it ? Are you arrogant enough to believe that you actually deserve it , or is it something else ? 
I feel proud of myself . I can name all 151 original Pokemon . Tell me if you succeed . 
wants to do something with his friends on Saturday for his birthday . Any suggestions ? 
First college exam tomorrow , and it's for biology . Hopefully I perform well , and in a way that reflects my knowledge . 
I hope everyone enjoys their Meleagris gallopavo and Sus scrofa domestica . as well as the the products of Solanum tuberosum , Vaccinium oxycoccus , and Ipomoea batatas . 
I saw David Mitchel Maier , Taylor Sturgill , Mackenzie Smith , Justin Gebing , Zach Woellert , Stephanie Zimmerman , and Robert Haye at work tonight . Hope you all enjoyed the game and have a good night . 
has that same feeling again . 
is really not in the Christmas spirit . 
could really go for a long wlak through the darkness . If only there was a worthwile destination ... 
I've been trying to find the name of a song since May , and I've finally found it ! It was " Like a Stone " by Audioslave . Thank you Pandora Internet Radio ! Woo ! 
: anyone else notice how great it was outside today ? 
just finished drawing espeon for my profile pic . will upload soon . 
Like my status and I'll tell you : 
1 . Something I learned about you by looking at your wall 
2 . The color you remind me of 
3 . My first memory of you 
4 . The animal you remind me of . ... 
5 . Ask something I've always wondered about you 
6 . My favorite thing about you 
7 . Give you a weird nickname 
8 . Challenge you to post this . 
Me and Chris are looking for something to do . Any suggestions ? 
: Another 
great day of classes . I found out That Mackenzie is in my World 
Prehistory , and that Danny is in my English . Combine that with having 
Matt and Justin in Biology , and new friends in World Prehistory and 
Chemistry , and I'm doing pretty well that way . Also , I'm now in Basic Rappelling . 
had a fun day trip to UC and adventure through the metro system 
would like to issue a collective thank you to everyone who wished him a happy birthday ... Thanks Everyone . My birthday went pretty good . 
my protagonist syndrome is flaring up again ... 
SEHnej YOU-NO-NUi NEH-NEK . ( This is an question . There is a prize to the first person to give me a satisfactory answer . Good luck . ) 
is enjoying his free one month trial of netflix 
Had a great night at work . 
forgot his phone today . In case some of you ave forgotten what a phone does , its the one that makes a noise or vibrates then you pick it up and you can magically talk to people across great distances . DON'T CALL ME until at least 4:15 . Otherwise I can't pick it up . If you're still unsure about what a telephone is , or why I don't have my phone on me , call me and I will explain everything . 
Off to work . 
Arm pain ... 
: This year was the bluest Halloween ever ! I just wish I ' gotten a good picture ... 
Heading out for Welcome Day 
is looking forward to an easy day tomorrow , but is saddened that he is unable to get off work Saturday night to go to Ren Faire :'( 
anybody doing anything tonight after dinner is over ? If so , let me know . I'm bored 
Danny Red Mage Wells decided to make charmander his profile picture . In honor of this , if three other people change their profile picture change their picture to a Pokemon , and comment , I will too . 
Just found out that UC offers a course named Demons . the call number is 807282 for anyone who wants to take it . I only put it in my schedule to fill a three hour spot MWF from 12-1 , but I'll keep it if anyone at UC wants to take it with me . 
wants to know if anyone wants plans for tonight . 
is writing his paper ... begrudgingly ... 
fell asleep on the bus this morning between about 8:36 and 9:10 . In other words I slept from the watertower at colerain and north bend to East 12th St. and Main downtown . It was refreshing , though . 
Anyone else's legs sore from twister ? 
wants to know if anyone would mind giving him a ride to life group tonight ... 
I'm not sure what the early stages of spontaneous combustion feel like , but I fear I may be experiencing them . I really need to get through this day ... 
Great first day at college . Nothing more to say . 
Please don't click the atheism thing . It doesn't do anything beneficial . It's probably malicious . 
is feeling a little dysphoric . I wish I knew why ... 
13 hours of work today ... I would normally write something clever , but I decided the energy I would use to do so could be better spent . 
Productive day today . Went down to UC with Anthony Greve . While I was there I got $ 4,000 more in loans , and finalized all of my classes . Then we left , and hung out at the mall in the pirate store with Alyssa . for a few hours . Then we met up with Lauren , Lexi , Chris , and Cassi at Applebees . Then we went to Raymond Walters for something that was apparently from 1-3 today . Finally home now , though . 
is on his new laptop for the first time ! Yay ! 
This Valentine's Day deserves special recognition ; even the spring woke up early to comemmortate it . To honor this , I challenge everyone to be open today . Hold nothing back like the unrestrained winds gracing us with their presense , let yourself become illuminated as the earth has done for the sun , and participate in the unseasonal warmth . I would be happy if this were the day everyone would just be sincere . 
Another trip to UC today with Anthony . Looked into on and near-campus jobs . Then visited with Chris Doebeli and raced chocobos . Finally we met up with Hannah for a short excursion with refreshing beverages . 
Walked up to Harvest Home tonight , and hung out with people from the troop . Saw Mrs. Greve while I was there . As it turns out her booth has my perennial favorite corn dogs , which she was so nice as to give me one . Then the Messerschmitts gave me a ride home . Better night than I expected . 
No Bio Lab today ! 
" Being full of yourself is egotism , being full of other people is cannibalism . " 
I've had this in my comments forever , and no one has ever asked about it ... 
Saw a shooting star for the first time . 
just finished watching Dead Like Me it was excruciatingly good . 
wants to do something fun tonight . Any takers ? 
It makes me really proud to know that 7 of my friends have a Pokemon profile picture . Eevee ! Go Amanda , Brittney , Dan , Danny , Miranda , Nich , and Sherry . 
is off to a bad start today 
wants to know if anyone wants to make plans for tomorrow ... 
Attention Facebook ! Kaitlyn Howard hasn't had waffles in a really long time ! 
" That man's a horse . That man's a horse ! GUYS , THAT MAN'S A HORSE !!! " 
spent his off-day on an excursion with Alyssa . After hours of Skyline Chili and questing we found the Florence Mall . 
has a really busy work week , and is really happy he actually managed to get 34.5 hours this week . 
Waffle House S.R. 42 . Enough said 
is completely out of resolve . 
: if anyone will be up at UC's main campus at around 1 or 1:30 , call or text me at 
1(513)373-9237 , so we can meet up and do something fun 
wishes everyone a happy Cyber Monday . Whatever that means ... 
Dear SORTA , 

Please make set up a route 18 bus that comes though clifton between 10:00 am and 2:00 pm . I don't enjoy waiting around for 2 hours . Thank You . 
Your patron , Zach . 
thinks his last status was way too long , and wanted a shorter one . 
I need to do something diverting tonight 
does anyone remember what I was planning to do tomorrow ? 
Fun night ... Attended Lexi's birthday dinner at Bob Evans then went with Anthony on an adventure , where we saw Karin and went to creepy locations . 
just woke up from a 3 1/2 hour nap . anyone care to do something late-nightish ? 
I took the cinnamon challenge at work ? I completed it perfectly , but it was so nonchalant that nobody was really impressed ... 
Just realized he missed international talk like a pirate day ! 
SLEEP ! 
just loves it when you set two alarms to get up , then one goes off an hour early and the other fails to go off at all . 
I just woke up from a dream . The dream itself wasn't exceptional , but at the end I spilled my lunch . I got so mad I punched myself in the jaw . I woke up right as that happened , so the punch was real . FML . 
I evolved ! 
" Do you know what would be fun right now ? HAM !? " 
-All said by Chris Doebeli 
" truth is .. " like this and I'll tell you 
My chemistry class and I survived te exam and all we got was this stupid Facebook status 
The test was incredibly easy . Hooray for knowing things ! 
Wants to be thinking about important things like homework and the election , but I keep listening to ? Shissou by Last Alliance ?, and my mind wanders in all the best ways ... 
Alright . I give up . I can think of no amazing way to spend my break before I get more work . 
Closed quickly at Skyline so I could catch part of the new menu celebration at Panera . I even got some samples of the two new flavors of bagels . This means good news for the lunch table tomorrow ... 
? It's the Final ( Exam ) Countdown ?... I really hate that song ... 
: " Whenever I feel like I'm slacking too much ( now for instance ... ) , I remember that I'm roughly 70% water , and I'm better at decision making that like 96% of amorphous blobs . I'm looking great by comparison ... " 
jumped off of a five story building today ... 
is now feeling better .. Thanks , Katie . 
Why has Linkin Park gone in such a terrible direction ? Hybrid Theory and Meteora were great albums ... 
Just switched to the new profile format and I'm in the process of rennovating my info . 
Most people have 1000 wishes for Christmas ; a cancer patient only has one , to get better . I know 97% of you won't repost this to your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who has died , or is still fighting , or survived cancer , copy this to your status . I love all of you !! 
If anyone fondly remembers Challenging Problem Friday from high school , or wants to answer a question that will make you question yourself message me that you want to participate , and I'll message you the scenario . Again , anyone can participate . 
Is trying this for the first time on his iPod touch . 
could use something to do today 
? Thai Namtip ? 
and so my mid-weekend begins . 
Hooray for being sick ! 
really doesn't like tonight . Way to many things that I don't like at once . 
Really needs some plans tonight ... 
Anyone up for doing something today ? 
anyone want to do something kind of light today ? 
Plans tonight : I want them . 
" Kaitlyn Howard , I think you just committed blasphemy . " 
I could really go for an adventure right now 
So ... I signed up for Bio 111 instead of 112 . The problem : I already passed the one I enrolled in and I needed the other . 
really wants to do something today ... 
Likes this status . 
I just realized I have 358/2 friends 
Thank you Chris Doebeli for so graciously allowing me to use your house and internet when mine is out . You rock . 
Today was an exceptional day of many curious exceptions . I don't think I could ever describe it in a single status , if you're interested , you can read about it in the note . 
Perhaps it's a little nerdy , but I'm so excited that I got to perform a Gel Electrophoresis today . 
There's probably a German word for the way I feel right now , but I don't know it . It's sort of like having nostalgia about something that never really happened . 
I love life's little curiosities . 
I wouldn't mind not knowing if things were real or not if peolple didn't make such a big deal about reality . 
feels intesnse 
So many things to say . Props to the blue team for their impressive victory at the scavenger hunt , Congratulations to the newly married Cassiopeia Wells and Danny Red Mage Wells , and Happy birthday to the lovely bride . 
So , the big question right now is which version to get ... Black or White ? 
Me and Anthony are finally moving out this weekend . If anybody would like , they can help us out . We could use help moving and things like kitchenware and chairs . Anyone who has time or items they're willing to pat with please let me know . Thanks . 
" Complaining is the Devil's napkin ! " 
Anyone wanna help me move tomorrow ? 
is stealing WiFi from his new apartment 
I got to do the answering machine message for my Panera . Call ( 513)874-3400 if you want to experience the audible manifestation of my awesomeness . 
has his new game , but no time to enjoy it . Just one of the many drawbacks of burning the candle at 3 ends . 
Anyone want a job at the Panera in Fairfield ? We need available people . 
Finally beat white 
I like today . A final , walking in the rain , and fried food . 
Does anyone watch or read xxxHolic or Tsubasa ? 
Plans tonight , anyone ? 
I am officially on spring break now . I feel that I've truly earned this one . 
Just watched Ghost Hound . It was excellent if you're into that sort of thing . 
Anyone care to go on a walk ? 
is experiencing a rare off-day . Anyone want to do something ? 
Most boring day ever . My only consolation is that I didn't end up having to work . Anyone care to make it interesting before it ends ? 
: Why is it that no matter what extents I go to with scheduling i always make some trivial error that causes me to redo half of my schedule ? 
I had a bout of what I think was " good luck " stuff that I've been hearing everybody talk about . Turns out I'm in English with Kaitlyn Howard , and my Tennis class may go even better than expected . Not even to mention that Chem Lab is cancelled , and there is even potentially good news on the job front . I'm really not used to this sort of thing . I hope it all works out ... 
I wish people wouldn't complain about the snow . I think unseasonal snow is a nice diversion . 
Scored an interview with Red Lobster on Monday 
is grateful for receiving a second interview at Red Lobster : " Come see what's fresh today . " 
Sports I have played in Tennis Class ... 
Basketball ? 
Dodgeball ? 
Tennis __ 
Why has my alarm clock forsaken me !? Another hour of sleep I'll never get back ... 
No job at Red Lobster for Zach ... Second interview was canceled . Apparently they decided , " to go in a different direction . " 
Are any of my friends aura-readers ? 
I think I'm gonna skip today ... Yeah , that . 
If I finish everything I need to do today , I might just be caught up with everything instead of caught up in it . Hope I do well enough . 
Just Another Day : take 7,043 
Why is it that I never feel even the least bit compelled to do school work . 
EPIC FAIL on my part . I decided that instead of working on 2 lab reports that I would have a PB&J with some green tea . 
I actually feel like I have drive today . I'm still a little weak on motivation , but I have enough audacity not to care about that . 
Oh , irony . I walked up into a line to ask my Bio professor a question after class toady , because I had read an article he posted about grit , and how having grit ( willingness to try hard and stick with things ) was a good measure of succcess . I felt that I lacked this trait , and wanted to know how to build it . After a while , though , I just got out of line saying to myself that I could just ask some other time . 
It was a good run , but I finally saw the " Friday " video today . I think I'm gonna need some mind soap . 
I saw lots of people today that I didn't really acknowledge , but wanted to . So , to all of the people who fall into that category , " Hi . " 
Trivia night with Kristen Froman and Tony Spitznagel : I hope we do good 
Time to get to business -- Not something I'm particularly good at . 
Like my status and I'll tell you : 
1 . How we met : 
2 . My first impression of you : 
3 . What I like about you : 
4 . Favorite memory of you : 
5 . But if you like this you must put it as your status so I can like your status 
I remembered today why I feel the way I do about people ... 
Happy Easter , all ! 
I find that the pipe organ is the funkiest of all musical instruments 
really needs to start doing more . 
I got extremely good ( though unusual ) feedback at work today 
Perfect ? 
Cute ?? 
Prince ? 
Fabulous ? 
Going to King's Island today was funtastic . I only went with Anthony Greve , but we ended up meeting Taylor Sturgill and Justin Gebing while we were there . Even the weather was compliant . 
Time to start writing an 8 page paper ... 
Finishing my paper = Good 
Finishing my paper while listening to Gangsta's Paradise = ? 
Moms are great !!! 
? Want You Gone ? 
