is havin a girl whoop whoop xx 
does anyone know how to get black hair dye off a white dog ? lol , ive sort of dyed the dog ! 
Our Vodka who R in bottles , hallowed be thy drink we will be drunk on Saturday ! Give us that day our drinking heads and 4 give us our spillage . Barmen 
thanks to the person who reported us to the RSPCA we got a glowing report on paper to prove that our dog isnt neglected ! so if thats the best u can do bring it on , cos i no exactly who it was pmsl ................ 
who won at poker again last nite ?????................... oh yeah remember now ........... ONLY ME PMSLxxxxxxxxxxhe he he 
BLACKBERRY CURVE SMARTPHONE 8520 WI BOX AND ALL ACCESSORIES , QUICK SALE NEEDED £70 ONO 
Cant believe mi lil princess is 1 !!! in 3 DAYZ , time goes way too quick ....... lv ya darling xxxxxxxx 
thanks 4 nothing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 word .............. waste of fuckin space 
wots wi weather n its bloody freeeeeeezing :) 
i can handle been let down by a man cos thats all im used to but when my kids av to b let down it a different story all together , Thanks Jimmy 
is so fed up n fucked off its unreal :( 
i lv it wen silly bitches think im thick pmsl crack on lv cos ur time is coming trust me :) 
well my baby girl will b 1 soon , an will miss her daddy been there , but he got better things to do , but mummy will make sure u av a special day princess lv u millions xx 
wish i could just go to sleep n never wake up at the min :( 
OMG it just gets worse .............. 
well that lil convo cheered me up thanks :) x u no who u r xx , time for some sleep if i can sleep that is xx HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MI LIL DARLING PRINCESS LV U MILLIONS N MORE N WOULD B LOST WITHOUT U , LOVE MI BOYZ JUST AS MUCH THO XXXXXXXX 
HAPPY 1ST BIRTHDAY LEXI-MAI WE LOVE U LOTS N LOTS ALL OUR LOVE ALWAYS MUMMY , KYLE N JACKSON XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX 
mi chat wont work ??????????? GRRRR ffs :( 
well thats r ky off , hope weather stays like this for them all week ! Orrrrrrr am gunna miss him :) x 
if any fucker has got a problem with me or want to say owt about me then come an say it mi face instead of plastering shit all over ere n telling other people , whats up like .... darent ya ???? ya pathetic all lot of ya ha ha ha 
On way to the seaside whoop whoop x 
Omg ! I cant believe they havin ostrich burgers wtf lol x 
loves miss kerry dale so muchly :) 
does anybody know where there are any 3 bed+ houses to rent asap ? 
has only won a GRAND at bingo !!!!!!!! whoop whoop fkin WHOOP !!!!!!!! :) xx 
OMG roll on school , these kids are driving me BONKERS :( x 
had enuff , cant take no more , feel like packin mi bags n fuckin off somewhere :( 
On way to seaside whoop whoop hope weather stays nice x 
soooo fed up wi the state ov my life its unreal ........... oh well better start as i mean to go on eh SINGLE LIFE UFF , I HATE IT BUT LIFE IS SHIT SO THEY SAY WELL WATCH THIS SPACE XXX 
thanks evry one for mi bdays messages :) xxxxxxxxxxxxxx 
I'm not under the alkafluence of inkahol that some thinkle peep I am . It's just the drunker I sit here the longer I get 
Why is it I always seem to learn the hard way ? Need to learn how to learn the easy way frm now on ! Lol nite all x x x 
Feels like shit ufff !!! 
Here I am again on my own ...... Goin down the only road I've ever known ..... , like a ------ ? I was born to walk alone .,.,. Tunneee ! 
Well its not like me to b avin a tinni at this time but fk it x 
Has got up ' wi the biggest headache n I just can't shift it , gunna go on a cleaning mission tday , need to keep busy . Hope ur ok jimmy wherever u are xx 
Happy Birthday craig luv n miss u everyday , u might be gone but u will never be forgotton all my love always , RIP xxxxxxxx 
Omg ! R ky just fell out of bed ( top bunk ) went wi a r8 bang anorl , he's ok but I'm not lol I fcukin shit misen lol . lv u ky mi lil chicken an jax an lexi n jimmy anorl xx gnite peeps x 
cant do this anymore !!!!!!!!!! 
FOOOOOOOOODDDDDDDD !!!!!!! 
this is not a good start to my week first i overlay then open curtains to find its fcukin pissin it down ! Great eh ? Uffff 
Feels like shit today ! ! 
is gunna roll the biggest spliff ive ever rolled cant belive him the prick ant even got balls to tell mi to me face GROW UP 
inset day tday 4 kids great stuff ( not ) lol an its lookin like rain aswell even better ! : @ 
r8 fancies ................ A BEER !! shud i or shunt i ? 
mi mouth is as dry as a nuns c**t pmsl ! X 
why wont this fuc**n thing let me play bejeweled its off out of window in a min , am tellin thee ! 
' s birthday is today ... proof positive that while growing old is mandatory ... growing up is optional ! 
Is buzzin wi mi lil princess she weighs 8 pound 9 an half :) mi chunky monkey :) x 
sat in beer garden wi mi sis happy bday wayne av a gud un x x 
I'm a survivor , picked up a fiver , got on the bus and beat up the driver , thought it was funny , nicked all the money , I'm a survivor still got my fiver . :) 
owt else wanna go wrong tday !!!!!! mi friggin iron dunt work now an its a new un uffffff ! 
Do you ever wonder if the Queen pulls her bed covers up to her neck so all you can see is her head and says " Phillip look I'm a stamp !! " 
Is gunna feed mi lil princess when she wakes up an get some well needed zzzs knocked art :) x 
Come on england get ur heds outa ur asses !!! 
is thinkin id b better off on mi own cos someone is takin piss big time !! AGAIN !!, an u cant blame alcohol all time !! 
Well mi lil princess is finally asleep , she must no that mummy is upset bless , time for me to try get sum sleep ready for another shit day ! nite x 
mornin peeps what a lovely mornin it is too especially as it is school in the mornin whoop whoop x 
a certain person better keep the fcuk out of my way or she will suffer the consequences an u know who u r 
just fed an changed mi lil princess an its bk to sleep for me x no rest for the wicked x 
it mental down elmsall people all ova lookin for real renegade lol 
pissholes in the snow.com 
is hoping this weekend is better than last weekend x x 
Is on the vino :) ad one glass n am feelin a bit whey a bit whoa lol x 
dont know whether im comin or going today lol need to get mi head frm up mi ass pmsl :) 
OMG !! Lexi-mai , i dint think anyone cud make such a mess wi a rusk pmsl , nxt stop 4 u is the bath missis xx 
What a fcukin day I've had !! SHOCKING a tell thi 
could sleep on a gallopin hedghog an eat a scabby donkey lol 
got a 6 month old staffy 4 sale pure white r8 dog £100 ono inbox me if ya interested 
Well its looking like am single now cos he wishes he neva met me ! Oh well , proper shocked n GUTTERED but wat can I do apart frm get on wi it for me kids sake . His loss x 
Cant wait till kids back at school glad its not rainin tho lol :) 
Does anyone know who won national i missed it lol 
cant sit about mopin n waitin forever , i can take a hint an its slowly sinkin in . just dont no where to start lol 
Chilli con carne for tea mmm :) x 
if anybody wants me n cant get thru its cos mi fone flat an ant got a charger so message me on ere instead plz :) 
has just scored 85819 playing Skill Bingo - the hardest bingo game on Facebook ! You'll never beat this score ! 
cant believe mi lil lad is 8 tmoz !!! where does time go ??? 
is buzzin just booked our first free photo session x 
Omg ! It int raining ( yet ) . I hope it dunt I'm sick of been in house now ;) 
mite clean mi windows ( wtf ! ) I've gone mad lol x 
gunna bed me , sleepin is less time thinkin :) nite peeps x 
Rin tin tin shit ina tin but which tin did rin tin shit in ? pmsl ! 
well i dint overlay lol , happy 8th bday jackson enjoy it at the panto today , lv u millions n ky n lexi-mai too ya all mean the world to me and r the reason i wake up every day xxxxxxxxxx 
Can't believe how fed up n shit I feel , heartbroken :( 
well i must say this is the worst start to a new year ive had in a long time :( 
god sum people need to sort their heads out . FUKED UP . COM 
lexi-mai asleep just 2 to go lol BEDTIME !! best time of day x 
all 3 kids in bed eventually , thank god lol time to chill wi mi sexy babe x ( ttfn ) = tat tar for now x 
is on way to hospital wi r Lexi-mai 4 her hearing test , kids gone to bfast club an mi head up mi ass lol x 
well mi lil princess has her 2nd jabs today bless her :) x 
Looks like rain peeps :( 
if any1 plannin on a trip up minsy hill i wunt bother !! lorrys a stuck n cars turnin round to go bk down lol fkin shokin it is :) 
best get goin or ill b late to pick mi boyz up ( AGAIN ): ) 
FACEBOOK N ALCOHOL IS NOT A GUD MIX I THINK LOL :) 
proud mummy week ........... Kyle-Rhys Shaw 20/02/01 7llb1oz ......... Jackson Bentley 13/12/02 7llb7oz ............. Lexi-mai Hoult 10/03/10 7lb2oz luv ya all so much xxxxxxxxxxxx 
What a day man am bloody mafted ! Lol :/ 
11 years ago today who would of thought it would go this quick rip craig u wont ever be forgotton xxxx 
I ant stopped all day since 6am n it looks like I ant done Nowt ufff no rest 4 the wicked tho eh !? 
i ant ad a friggin min to mi sen tday just hope r lexi sleeps for longer than ten mins cos after mi cuppa im gunna av a soak in da tub n try relax b4 bed , mite get sum sleep hopefully xx 
mi lil princess slept thru nite bless her she ntt too well after her jabs yesterday x 
Dunt no why I fkin bother me ! Things r gunna change round ere that's 4 sure ! 
does anybody no number for kennels(mount pleasant)or dog warden ? 
If you start to miss me remember , I didn't walk away , you just let me go and gave up what we had 
Why does a scotsman wear a sporran ?........... To keep his wurram a warram pmsl x 
Thinkin bout ya baby kian get well soon darling x x x 
Mi lil princess is glued to the tele bless her cbeebies it is then for nxt 5 yr lol 
looks like a nice day today again , an mi lil princess slept thru again bless her x 
is looking up how to make voodoo dolls , for the special people in her life 
Mornin all fingers crossed the sun stays out :) 
Sticks and Stones may break my bones , but whips and chains EXCITE ME , So tie me up , smack my A$$ , and show me that you like me 
tax credits are fcukin WANK !!!!! 
Mi lil princess weighed 10 llb 10 1/2 oz bless her :) ( mi chunky munki ) luv ya princess x 
Happy 1st fathers day daddy luv u loads n loads all my luv , slaver n snot lol frm ur lil princess Lexi-mai x x 
Can't breathe , can't smell or taste an can't stop sneezing now ! Watch this Nw ill not be able to sleep either ufff !!! 
i cant believe i only got 5 days left been in mi 20s :) 
Mi lil princess slept thru last nite frm 9pm bless her x 
carry on u silly little sad bitch u want fckin sectionin off or summat , just make sure u sleep wi one eye open cos im comin , when u least expect it , u no who u are !!! fuckin get a grip ya saddo 
Jimmy has just suffered the consequences of my pet hate ha ha ( Leaving the cupboard doors open)he has now got a big lump on his ed lol , lv u babs x x x 
Mornin all , mi lil cherub slept thru again , but shes got the sniffles bless her , mi boyz r still sleeping so sssshhhhh lol 
Congrats rach n mark on the safe arrival of our lil nephew(well not so little @ 9lb 2 eh lol ) well done babes x x 
OMG ! Windy as fcuk man :/ 
need a new home for mi dog inbox mi if ya interested 
repeat of last weekend ffs ! Its me n mi kids frm now on am not doin this again , mi kids are my life an that's all I need thanx jimmy for my beautiful daughter cos that's all that's left of our sad relationship x 
shes like the wind ............ r8 film 
Omg ! It int raining ( yet ) but it looks like its gunna . I hope it dunt I'm sick of been in house now ;) 
Hope it dunt rain : @ 
Ufff can't sleep AGAIN ! Mi brain on overtime 
Fed up is nt the word ! ! I must av killed a robin in mi past life or summat ufff 
dont make me laff lol bring it on cos u dont scare me 
Oh well best get bk to the empty hole ( home ) boys at their dads so its just me n u lexi babs , lv mi kids t bits I do , I'd be lost without u all x x 
Shawab wab babdab lol : @ 
im living my life at the rate of several wtfs a minute lol :( 
Mi battery just died on me phone ! 
Need to try n sleep , 3 hrs in 2 days int good , ill just wring mi pillow out first tho lol nite evry1 x 
OMFG what a start to the day , i fell down stairs wi r lexi !!! thank god she is ok although i may av broke mi elbow , scared me stiff it did , x 
never underestimate the power of a woman !!!!!!! 
Mi lil princess is really unsettled tonight n just dunt wanna go to sleep bless her , luv u darling x x 
nearly ready , 1st stp BEER but will take mi ID cos got refused TWICE yesterday !!! didnt we rach pmsl x 
are kids bk at school tomorro ? 
Wish i ad a magic wand :( 
Happy birthday courtney lou 5 today ! Hope u enjoy ur party later sweetheart x x x 
morning all , looks like another luvly day , but what to do ? xx 
is seriously thinking bout packin mi house up n doin 1 ??? 
av left mi fone at home feel like i ad mi arm chopped off lol :( 
why does it have to be rainin ufff , cant believe jimmy still in bed at this time , wheres mi waterpistol he he he 
IS GUTTERED !!! 
Not gunna b on ere till later so if anyone wants me u got mi number x 
its amazin how many people cum art ov woodwork wen ya change status to single 
ive just found u out jimmy u lying little prick shaggin sammi davies r u well she better watch her evry move n am nt jokin expect the unexpected 
well 6 days n mi big lad is 10 !!!! then nxt mnth mi lil princess is 1 ALREADY !! where does time go !!!!!??????? :) x 
OMG Im fukin sick of this snow now nowt to eat , no fags aaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrgggggggggggggggggg 
has just played Skill Bingo for the first time - the hardest bingo game on Facebook ! 
well im gunna finish gettin ready n im off out ttfn x 
omg !!! how bloody cold is it wi no heating , so much for council mending it yesterday !! thanks to mi babe for sorting it :) xxxx 
OMG what a nite pmsl val just got on bk ov jimmys push rod(1st time in 30yrs ) lol , think she is avin a off day cos she thought she cud spark a fag up in netto PMSL gud luk babes i hope u in 1 piece wen u get bk pmsfl xx 
nearly ready just gunna av another cuppa n get out of ere b4 i go insane pmsl :) 
well thats me ready , off to mi mams for a bit before i gu mad lol 
i love 001 more than owt in world :) 
Anyone wanna buy a wii with 7 games for 70 quid let mi no in nxt hr plz 
Well am gunna miss r jax but hope he has a fab time in spain , ive stopped cryin eventually lol lv ya loads m8 xxx 
does anyone no of any good solicitors locally who deal wi debt etc need one ASAP ! 
nt goin to parents evening now cos jax dint get a time , he forgot ! an mi princess int well either n it dont help been in n out all day she will get pneumonia or summat so fuck it 
OMG ! r lexi just threw a r8 whitey all ova me bless her , she int r8 well , an if them 2 dont stop arguin im gunna ........................ SCREAM !!!!! 
Is it worse 2 be alone ? Or 2 lie next 2 someone and be lonely ? 
why remove me off ya friends list and block me and then send me loads of messages ??????????????? 
a cuppa n a j to start the day , its got to b done , its the only way pmsl :) 
life must get better at some point cos it cant get no worse lol 
! propa fed up tday !!! cud just sit n cry lol 
fuk this im not stoppin in today its lovely weather an i cant b arsed mopin about ! best get ready then 
well im off to see whats cookin at mother hens lol owt to get out of ere for a bit bk l8ter tho , inabit x 
mil lil princesses first tooth has made an appearance eventually lol n its at top front one ? i thought their bottom uns came first ? 
get ready cos its my turn now all u lying lil slags out there , that pretend to b ya friend , well watch n learn n u no who u r !!!!!!!!!!!!! add 1 more to ya list of enemies 
SNOW WAY !!!! 
says I lost 15kilos last week ..... fcukin sniffer dogs ! 
These eggshells are hurting my feet !! 
its amazing what u find out on ere at least i no who mi friends are now tho eh nite 
pennys big bites is shoutin me mite detour on way darn street lol x 
things to do people to see :) 
YEAH ILL TAKE THE BLAME IF IT MAKES U FEEL BETTER COS IM STRONG ENUFF TO !, U OBVIOUSLY NOT ! 
I'm the reason for my own heartache ... for trying to HOLD on to someone who doesn't really want to be HELD on to . I get it now . -I give up- 
bedtime for me wi mi lil treasures , lv ya ky jax n lex xxxx 
GOSH , if u don't believe me , then ask my pet kettle , and my banana , AND my baby keyboard I'M NOT CRAZZIE ! Now , if you excuse me , I need to meow like a butterfly 
mi lil princess throwin up again bless her , docs tmoz just to b sure , r lexi just thinks its amusing lol , she aving her naughty hour !! lv u millions darlin xxxxxxxxx 
fuckin hate people who think they no it all when really they no FUK all , silly born bstrds !! 
cant fkin sleep again am soooo tired feel like sleepin forever ................. 
does anyone know if u can change ya circumstances wi social online or not ? 
OMFG !! i give up its like fightin a losing battle wi it all time , one thing after another :( 
kids dun mi box in again this mornin lol but r lexi seems a lil better today thank god , id be lost wiout them all , lv ya lots ky , jax n lex xxxx 
well im not gunna do nowt today or thats the plan anyway lol :) 
If its amazing it won't be easy , If its easy it won't be amazing .. 
If its worth it you won't give up , If you give up You are not worthy .. 
just dunt know wat to do wi myself ??????????????? 
another shit evening to finish off an even shitter day !!! 
im off art for a bit bored is not the word lol 
retail therapy needed today me thinks whoop whoop 
well im off cos ill never get nowt done while am on ere lol 
Best make a move n get bk to the empty hole got lots to do n sort to keep mi busy anyway 
whats a babys temp not meant to b higher than ive forgot ? 
I don't want to be needed . I just need to be wanted . 
am off t bed i feel ill !! dizzy as fcuk n sick as a dog nite :) 
has just scored 181736 playing Skill Bingo - the hardest bingo game on Facebook ! You'll never beat this score ! 
oh well another fked up weekend to add to collection , but its wasnt like i wasnt expecting it tho !! thanks anyway for showing ur true colours 
thats mi tree down eventually pmsl , am bored shitless now :( x 
is hearing some strange noises in ere tonite ?? freakin me out pmsl 
oh well all 3 kids asleep eventually bless em , just need to get the ironin done now cos it wont do itself pmsl(i wish ) 
does anyone no where i can get an interactive SQUIGLET from ???????? (or any Squiglet will do ) 
mi fb keeps loggin itsen art all time ?????????? 
has just realised its parents evenin today , How the fuk im gunna go wi all 3 kids has yet to be seen lol , then to top it off they break up on fri AGAIN , UFFFFFF 
buzzin thatss that sorted n out of way thnk god :) 
pmsl @ r ky , he said i no what to watch in bed n its a r8 film jax , its called back ov mi eyelids he he xx 
is ash grove open today ??? 
dont know if drinkin while cooking is such a good idea pmsl :) 
any one no wat time pizza shop shuts lol munchies av kicked in :) 
mite take r lexi for a walk ......... : 
best get summat done i suppose ufff then decide what to do today 
im done me fuck this shit !! 
is gunna get pissed(thats the plan neway lol ): ) 
Wel thats mi baby sitter sorted , best get ready for tmoz then its a new start for me 
am well fucked nar mi charger brok so cant charge phone n that means no alarm clock ffs just hope r lexi gets up as she usually does but it was half 9 today lol 
has anybody had their post yet ? postman better still come lol 
WOW i cant speak !!! 
NEW NUMBER GAME - message me your bank account number , sort code , 3 digit security code and your expiry date and I'll write in my status what I bought ;-) 
happy new year to every 1 who deserves 1 lol , i must be at the front of the queue this time pmsl :) 
really wishes u were my homework ... I'd throw u on the table n do you all nite ... 
Happy xmas to all especially mi 2 boys ky an jax , hope santa brings ya what ya want an i will c u in the mornin luv ya lots x x 
Santa sees you when you are sleeping . And Santa knows when you're awake ... the word stalker comes to mind ... 
mi baby girl int well at all bless her , lv ya millions princess xxxxxxx 
ally 4 jimmy 0 on singstar pmsl he he he :) 
Moody , Morngy , Miserable = Male 
Fun , Friendly , Fantastic = Female .....???????? lol 
Bloke goes into drug store and asks " Do you sell KY Jelly ? Girl says " No , have you tried Boots ? " Bloke says , " Boots ? I want to slide in , not fuckin march in ! " 
well how the bloody ell can i hoover when r lex screams house down , she thinks it gunna eat me or summat bless her 
the old me is coming bk ........... watch this space .............. 
an im ere missin all the fun , starvin wi no fags an half bottle of the best VINO lol :) 
lola velvet 
Fortune Cookie : " Your life will be happy and peaceful . " 
Dear Cookie , 
What drugs are you on , we should share . 
