- Days go by I'm hypnotized , I'm walking on a wire , I close my eyes and fly out of my mind , Into the fire , Light the sky and hold on tight , The world is burning down . 
had me some crocodile ribs last night . Was gooooood , sorta like chicken with white dodgy bones . 
is wondering what illiterate idiots write these quizzes ? Learn to spell , you vapid , empty-minded hussies ! 
is going in search of whatever today's poison will be ... 
can already see Friday in yonder distance , and it's going to be one hell of a party ! All responsible/clever friends please have a lot of rest this week , as there shall be no rest for us wicked then ... 
wants to take a huggy cab to snuggle bunnyville ! 
works hard for the money , so hard for it , honey ... 
hast keine interesse in heutes Tag . Gibst mir heutes Abend , bitte . 
is a mindless virus-ridden zombie . I should not have come to work today ... 
grumble bunny is grumbling ... And sniffly coughy sneezing . 
has done her favourite thing in the whole wide world today - sent invoices . Now pay me , bitches ! 
really enjoyed Coal , a new CT band . I recommend . Was awesome ! 
is geared for a big one ... 
just went for a little stroll on what is turning out to be another wonderful day , in a wonderful place . 
would love for this horrid day to just bugger off . 
hang vir kwaadgeld rond ... 
When I go walking I strut my stuff , and I'm so strung out . I'm high as a kite , I just might , stop to check you out . Let me go on , like a blister in the sun ... 
is going to the soldout Vanfokkingtasties gig in Stellenbosch tonight . 
could do with a nap . And some hot chocolate . And popcorn . And a snuggle . Gotta love Sundays . 
is having a soup evening tonight and forgot to invite people , as well as who I did invite . Give me a shout if you're heading my way . :) 
Et j'ai pardonné et j'ai fermé les yeux , j'ai appris à rever , Et j'ai pardonné et j'ai fermé les yeux sur ma réalité - Kyo , Pardonne . 
is too cool for school . Which is a good thing , too , as I'm waaaay to old for it as well ... 
is tired and useless at work due to an extremely awesome Bday weekend . :D 
is a chirpy bunny . 
wonders if she should wait for the rain to stop , or just head back to her place now ... hmm ... 
is finishing off another freelance job well done . Money ! 
needs the deadlines to go away now . Cramping my style , fellas ... 
is off to go see Flat Stanley ! 
is blessed to live a life like this . :) 
Ice-age heat wave , can't complain . If the world's at large , why should I remain ? Walked away to another plan . Gonna find another place , maybe one I can stand . I move on to another day , to a whole new town with a whole new way . 
- It's Friday ! Time to put on my drinking cap . :D 
calm blue ocean ... calm blue ocean ... calm blue ocean . calm blue ocean . 
thinks tequila on Monday and Tuesday nights is just a bad idea . 
thinks there's no green more beautiful than that of new oak leaves in Spring , especially in the early morning sun . :) 
would like to get out of the freaking coccoon now . I'm butterfly enough . Let me go ! 
has a awesome weekend ahead ! 
just wants to fall asleep again . Please ? 
Years go by , will I still be waiting for somebody else to understand , Years go by , if I'm stripped of my beauty and the orange clouds raining in my head . Years go by , will I choke on my tears , until finally there is nothing left . One more casualty . You know we're too easy easy easy . 
notices that Fridaynight is looming ... Suit up ! 
wonders if she'll ever get back the sleep she's missed . No regrets , though . Life rocks ! 
will be going to Ratanga soon .... 
has plans to find sleepies some time today ... ZzzzZzzzZ ... 
- Weaselling out of things is what seperates us from the animals .... Except the weasel . 
has got her Killers ticket . Oh yeah ! 
would like to thank everyone , especially Bad Influence Girl ( Ingrid ) , for a incredibly fun party , and a wonderful birthday . You guys ... Aww , you guys ... :) 
just saw The Reader . Wow ... I forget that films can be that beautiful , insightful , touching etc . 
thinks the Jonas brothers are actually quite hideous ... Blech ... What is wrong with kids today ? 
loves it when medical bills hit you in the stomach first thing in the morning . Oh god ... 
stood up for love , despite of the hate . 
is having drinks at Beluga today . Join me for a round of celebrations ! 
And I will never see the sky the same way , and I will learn to say good-bye to yesterday , and I will never cease to fly , if held down , and I will always reach too high , ' cause I have seen twilight ... 
- Yawn . Seriously . Yawn . Day , do something , anything . Amuse me ! 
is worried to hear that the swine flu has been spreading like wildfire in Stellenbosch . 
- I've got soul , but I'm not a soldier . 
- Ek soek pille vir kersfees , vir my gekerfde senuwees . Niks wat ' n tydjie by die see nie kan genees . 
guesses opportunity comes round when you're open to it ! :D 
- guys , be careful of the N2 . Traffic cops have apparently gone fine-happy . You know , if our regular police force were this obsessive and scary , maybe the country's crime would go down ... 
will be prepping for the weekend as of today . Packet of Essentiales ? Check . Thundercats costume ? Uhm ... Almost check . Sassiness ? Check . More wine that any one person should consume ? Check . Awesome weather ? Check . Can of red paint and a brush ? Check . Wonderful company ? Double check . <3 
has high hopes today will change everything ... 
- today's the day ... ;) 
thinks circumstances are perfect for a chilled night of soup and wine . :) 
Hey , my love , you came to me like wine comes to this mouth , grown tired of water all the time . You quench my heart and you quench my mind . 
is wondering who's sending her mms's of boobies ... I mean , flattered , but not my thing ...? Uhmm ... Awkward ... 
needs something awesome to do tonight . Any suggestions ? 
- Too many mutha uckas Uckin ' with my shi- With my shi- How many mutha uckas ? Too many to count 
And now we play the waiting game ... :) 
- vriende , medesterwendes , moenie huiwer nie ; nou hang die lewe nog soos vlees om ons lywe maar die dood beskaam nie ; ons kom en ons gaan is soos water uit die kraan ; so soos klanke uit die mond soos ons kom en ons gaan : ons béne sal die vryheid kén ... 
Oh god ... More lemmings ! 
is dealing with deep philosophical questions today ... " Why am I here ? What drove me to this madness ? What will I have for lunch ? Should I stay until 4 , or rather come back at 4 for those drinks ? Will anyone notice if I just bugger off ? " 
had a freaking awesome , epic weekend . Wow . Just wow ... 
is plotting her Halloween costume ... 3-4 parties ... gonna have to be intense . 
needs a serious holiday . Or maybe a silly one ... 
is in need of sleep . Oh , and Cape Town Rocks rocked my socks off . :) 
" It's nothing more , It's nothing less , It'sall we got , It's happiness ... " :) 
is ODing on coffee ... and it's AWESOME ... The colours , children , the colours ... 
' s weekend commences now . Party on , dawgs . Party on . 
- I want so badly to believe that " there is truth , that love is real " . And I want life in every word to the extent that it's absurd . ( Clark Gable , Postal Service ) 
... purrrr .... painmeds ... purrr .... 
is at work ... working ... Yeah ... 
will be starting her new job on the 16th of November , ' 09 . Lol , try to raise my salary by only 6.5% and this is what you get . Seriously , guys , recession or not , there are good jobs out there for good hard-working types . :) 
thinks she's gonna become a musical festival gypsy for the summer ... Thank ya'll for rocking those daisies with me this past weekend ! 
- thunder ... thunder ... Thundercats ! HO ! 
might have started the weekend a little early ... 
- the best things in life are free . But you can give them to the birds and bees . I want money ! 
- Why hello there , Weekend ... Come here often ? Fancy a drink ? ;) 
finally went back to the gym , and it was good . :) 
<3 ' s her life . Just so you know . It rocks ! :D 
needs a nap . And a shotgun . 
is living a life less ordinary . 
- Snowbite vants to suck your bvlood ... 
knows it's been one of THOSE weekends when there's a thousand new pics of her tagged ... Now to assess the damage ... 
- And I quote : " Hangovers - the bastard children of awesomeness . " 
is heading for some good times . ;) 
wants to go home and cuddle through a movie . :) 
is going to watch the awesome band Coal and her evil twin , Inge Beckman , play at Mercury tonight . Who will join me ? 
: calm blue ocean . Calm blue ocean . Calm blue ocean ... Ag , screw it . Hand me something blunt and heavy . 
No . No Flu . NO . No , no , no , no ! NO ! 
- Hahaha , guess who's going home now , suckers ! * Glee * 
Now Cinderella , don't you go to sleep . It's such a bitter form of refuge . Don't you know the kingdom's under siege , and everybody needs you . Is there still magic in the midnight sun or did you leave it back in sixty-one , in the cadence of the young man's eyes , and where the dreams roll high . 
- so this very wise person told me last night : " Blondes are for boys . Brunettes are for men . " teehee ... 
:P 
is soaked in Vida cappuchino and smelling of coffee . Nice one . 
" Don't try to find the answer , when there ain't no question here . Brother let your heart be wounded , and give no mercy to your fear . " Live - Run to the water 
- Ha , out of work . Going home to nap . 
Come near , that no more blinded by man's fate , I find under the boughs of love and hate , In all poor foolish things that live a day , Eternal beauty wandering on her way - " To the rose upon the rood of time " by William Butler Yeats ( 1865-1939 ) 
is trying to do as little as possible . 
just saw a patch of blue sky ! Can the constant rain be over ?? Can there be summer again ? Have I just horribly over-dressed for the day ?? 
- Happy whatever tomorrow is , all . I'm off ! 
thinks it's a beautiful day to go rock my socks off at the Daisies . Going to be wild , so pack your Essentiales ! 
is super excited about Synergy Live this weekend ! 
really needs to improve her sleeping habits . Zombie attack imminent ... 
will be buying her Ramfest tickets Saturday . Awesomeness ! 
hasn't even started her weekend and already needs a Red Bull ... 
- Brain says no . 
Is this what you want ? ' Cause everybody acts without a clue . Every little kiss and grin you gave , Was just a little bullshit I saw through . The alcohol is scented with your breath . You're always all done up to just be used . I'm waiting for excuses that deceive . I'll meet you in the back to see them through . - Angels and Airwaves : " It hurts . " 
will be trying every ruse possible to sneak out of the office before 4pm . Don't be surprised if I " discover " the next plague ... Any other suggestions ? 
is looking forward to seeing Coal play later tonight at Waiting Room in a semi-unplugged gig . Wouldn't miss it for the world , so give me a shout if you're keen to join . :) 
is seeing to her last day at New Media Publishing . To my colleagues : Thank you so much for being awesome people all round . It's been a wonderful experience . Anyone who's keen , join me at Fiesta after work for some happy hour cocktails ! 
is going to miss working next door to Beluga ... No more liquid lunches ... 
' s got soul but she's not a soldier ... 
- Ok , best weekend ever ! 
- Ok Day , amuse me ! Pronto ! 
just heard Facebook , Twitter and YouTube want to join forces to become one site . It will be called : YouTwitFace . :P 
forgot her phone . Mail me . :) 
is showing her face at work . Look , look , look how productive and dedicated I am ! Definitely a candidate for raises , promotions and other forms of corporate love . Yes ? 
Hung ... 
can already see it all end in tears , but it'll be fun while it lasts ... :) 
has plans to go home and curl up in a non-responsive ball of lack-of-ZZZ's grumpiness . 
- Pay my respects to grace and virtue , send my condolences to good . Give my regards to soul and romance . They always did the best they could . And so long to devotion , you taught me everything I know . Wave goodbye , wish me well . You've gotta let me go . - Killers : Human 
- Woman down ! The flu , it has me ! Need a cure by tonight ... :( 
is trying to hold onto wakefulness for dear life . Can someone please tell me why the hell we had to wait over 3 hours to leave the parking lot after the Killers . Very unprofessional . 
... Ok ... now I've run out of things to procrastinate with ... damn ... 
" Oh these little earthquakes , here we go again . These little earthquakes ... Doesn't take much to rip us into pieces ... " Tori Amos : Little Earthquakes 
loves walking to work . :) 
hates all the goodbyes ... 
... over ... 
- It hurts , it hurts , it hurts , it hurts , it hurts ... ( I refer of course to my stupid head ... ) 
will be partying in the park with the Dirty Skirts today , with drinks at Brandhouse , courtesy of the lovely and awesome Donnie ! 
has delicious plans for tonight ... 
no colours anymore , I want them to turn black . 
- A girl disappearing , to some secret prison , behind her eyes she whispers , " Big surprise there was no protection by this urban light . So I'm running to a constellation where they can still see you " Tori Amos : Girl disappearing 
And there'll be singing , and dancing and grooving through the night ... Decodance , anyone ? I am assembling a team . :) 
wants to crawl back into the dark snuggly hole whence she came , maybe with a snuggle buddy . 
is redetoxing . Xmas and its seductive gammons and leg of lambs and puddings and ... * drool ... * Uhm ... Well , it won't tempt me anymore until at least next year ! :) 
still beige . 
is heading home with severe flu-like symptoms . 
will be a mindless zombie for today , doing nothing of consequence , except maybe fixing a flamingo's neck ... 
beige 
guesses sometimes everything important just likes changing in one day . And trust me , it's waaaay better than a holiday . 
- Oh you are in my blood like holy wine , and you taste so bitter but you taste so sweet , oh I could drink a case of you , I could drink a case of you darling and still I'd be on my feet . 
is considering playing dead until it all goes away . 
- No ... No , no , no , no ... 
is going over to the lighter side ... 
is too tired for this ... 
would probably be much chirpier if she could fall asleep at night . Yeah , that could work . 
is starting to understand why girls go blonde ... 
is travelling back in time , checking yall's statusses . 
England ... and loving it ! 
is without phone , fyi , so I guess sending me msgs on FB is your best bet for reaching me . :) 
- Grrrraaa , Deadlines , Grrraaa . I crush you with my hitting-stick ! >:D 
- I did the Macarena with a football player in my car because I can't control myself ! 
is incredibly excited by the amazing programme at the Stellenbosch Wordfest this year ! And knackered from designing it ... 
Goodbye , January . Die , bitch , die ! 
- some rest , some rest ! My kingdom for some rest ! 
would kill for some soup ... And then hide the evidence by cooking more soup . Delicious delicious soup ... 
is being kept upright by a cocktail of Berocca , espresso and black coffee . Ah , Jan-deadlines , gotta love ' em or pass-out trying . 
doesn't like her current head and heartspace ... 
- GREAT weekend . :) 
OMG , FB chat , why must you mock me ? And make my perfectly good PC SO slooooow ? Why ? Why ??! All I want is to chat to my friends ... :( 
Dearest Momemtum Health , and especially Multiply benefits , thank you SO much for stealing my money for 3 months after I quit your shoddy , incomplete health cover . Really , you do this country proud . 
- Oh dear , Tuesdaynight ... Oh dear ... 
- Daisies , Daisies , give me your answer , do . I'm half crazy , all from the thought of you ... <3 
could sleep for a week after this weekend . :) 
is sure that if I stand outside long enough the wind will lift me up and blow me to an amazing adventure . 
is op ' n " plane " na Pretoria . :D 
forgot her freaking phone in Somerset-West ... Eish ... 
" Ooh , these little earthquakes . Here we go again . These little earthquakes ... Doesn't take much to rip us into pieces . " Tori Amos - Little Earthquakes 
is nie ' n bottomless beursie nie ... Seriously , this country sucks the pity out of me . 
" I'm powerless to change your world . I'm powerless to stop the hurt . I'm trying hard to be your tower of strength . I'm trying hard to bring you back to joy . But I'll give you my heart , give you my shoulder . " - Heather Nova 
bought plasters , painpills , dettol , a needle and thread and Essentiales . Now I'm prepared for the weekend . 
thinks it's about time for another dress-up party ... Now to make up a event ... 
- Ok ... Right ... Let's do this ... RRRRAAAAAAAMMMMFFFFEEEEEST !!!! 
- " As jou tuiste is waar jou hart is , wat wil dan hier uitbreek uit my borskas uit ? Geneties gelaai om te ontsnap ... " Heuwels Fantasties 
Nice weekend ... :) 
is bringing Bad Influence Girl out of retirement . Fire up the Bunny Mobile . 
is incredibly grateful to have such wonderful friends in her life , to do a job that she loves , for the talents she was given , for the incredible opportunities , for all the challenges overcome and for all the lessons she has learnt . Life may not be easy , but it is never dull . 
- Grumble bunny ... grumble , grumble , grumble ... 
- " Die onoorspronklikheid , nes afgeleide selfverwyt , het ek myself hier uit , uit hierdie storie uitgeskryf . " Heuwels Fantasties , " Leja " 
does not actually care who looks at her profile ... If you're on my friend's list , and I haven't made special arrangements to sensor you ( which seriously takes too much time ) , then you can see what I decide to post and what I get up to . These applications and pages that show you who views your profile is silly and kind of ... I don't know , insulting ? 
is talkin ' bout a revolution ... 
OMG ! Can life get better than this ?? Beluga is opening a sister restaurant , Blonde , walking distance from my flat . Must have missed me . :D 
will soon be free ... Lol ... for about a week ... in which my biggest freelance job is happening ... Uhm ... I have a problem ... 
Who has seen your profile MOST ? is a scam ( spamming and actually not true as the person I got my tag from was someone I rarely " look " at ) and damnded annoying . For heaven , hell , jebus and whatever else's sake , have you not read my prev status . Get over it , ppl , some ppl care about you , most don't . I am reporting . 
- New week , new life . :) 
- Pour me a Guiness there , gov ! 
YAY ! Freelance moola ! Awesomeness ! 
- People with impossible expectations should expect a shoddy job . 
would like to remind/inform everyone that it is St. Patrick's day tomorrow and that they should expect to see her act accordingly somewhere in town . I respect and celebrate all cool cultures . Guiness ! 
Listening to Kyo . Gods , French rock can be awesome . :) 
Suuuuuuuuushi !! 
" Daisies , daisies , give me your answers , do ... I'm half crazy , what with the thought of going to you ... " Hope to see ya'll! 
- lol , silly lemmings ... 
needs 50 cc's of coffee , stat ! I need a medic ! MEDIC !? 
will be escaping from Monkey Island , come hell or high water .. 
thinks it's high time she has another soup evening ... 
:) 
- " If you can't say nuthin nice , don't say nuthin at all ... " 
guesses part of feeling more " connected " has to do plugging the damn plug in ... 
- Human survival instinct ensure we remember the bad ( so it doesn't happen again ) whilst memories of good times fade and get idealised , often becoming a impossible reality that never was . Our instinct is to crave what we don't have , to push toward a ' ideal ' state . Because of this we human-animals are rarely happy . The ... only thing that seperates us from animals is that we can decide against our programming . 
Temper Trap - " Sweet Disposition " 
- Happy times ahead . :) 
- " Jy het nie ' n graad nie , en jy het nie ' n kredietkaart nodig nie , om in die agterplaas soos ' n kind te baljaar en die verte in van ' n krans af te staar . " We don't have to constantly push ourselves to the next high . Sometimes the simple things in life are where you find true joy . Have a good weekend , guys ! 
thinks being a adult sucks . Someone get me a PA already . I'll pay . Preferably in booze or hugs . 
is enjoying designing directly for appreciating clients . :) 
just booked her flight for the Netherlands ! I will be there from the 8th of May until the 22nd of May . Give me a shout , you lovely people over there , if you want to have me invade your personal space . 
sees your trying to block her Facebook access , and raises with " try these proxies , losers . " Viva la Resitance ! 
- Cliche but true : When times are tough , friends are few ... Well , when the going gets tough , I get going . :) 
- " Klommen niet de jongens als katten in ' t want ; En vochten ze niet als leeuwen ? Ze maakten de Spanjers duchtig te schand ' Tot in Spanje klonk hun schreeuwen ! " 
is sneaking off to enjoy old beautiful memories of this place on her last day in the Netherlands ... :) 
1 hour hot stone massage coming on up ! 
Damn Skippy ... To hell ! >:D 
would like a job that's not obsessed with everything she does on her PC . A too bit 1984 , seriously .. 
regrets nuthin ' or no how ! 
is planning to ecape from Monkey Island . 
- it's drinking time ! 
is having a good old rest , sicking it out . :) 
Ooo .. Kaay , Eee .. tv .. :P 
" ... If your heart is nowhere in it I don't want it for a minute . Babe , I'll walk the seven seas when I believe that there's a reason ... " - SARA BAREILLES 
God Verdomme ... 
just heard a english KKNK ad . It was weird . Just werid ... Twilight zone-ish ... 
seems to have forgotten how to sleep in ... damnit . But it's a stunning morning to be awake , though . :) 
is a sleepy bunny ... 
wants to be a interior designer . They get all these events with free pink drinks and snackies . Free Pink drinks !! 
Kill Hannah - " Escape Artistry " 
can see the next big mofo mountain to climb/mission . Pretty steep , but nice horizon ... 
- You are entering the vicinity of an area adjacent to a location . The kind of place where there might be a monster , or some kind of weird mirror . These are just examples ; it could also be something much better . Prepare to enter : The Scary Door . 
... drum roll ... 
OMG , is that a volcano smoking on my backyard ? 0.0 
- New home , new job .. 
" ... I saw the ending when they turned the page ... Out here the good girls die ... " 
is not going to Africa Burns anymore this weekend . Give me a shout if you want to do something , although I'm just going to take things very very easy . :) 
is back in the mothership ! Eagle has landed ! Super tired ! 
just wants to sleep . 
is , more than anything , today so happy that her wonderful , supportive professor , mentor and study leader , Professor Keith Dietrich , is doing better after his big operation and long physical therapy . My heart goes out to you and your family , and I am just happy they caught the problem in time . 
, ja , jy wou mos 
- I mock you with my monkey pants . ;P 
http://addmax.co.za/downloads/doc_details/9-rabobi-theme-song.html 
... not that I'm wishing my time on this planet away ( officially ) but jeesh , this is one hell of a slow day ! 
is evaluating future student portfolios . Some awesome . Some .. 
Leigh-Robin invasion !!!! Leigh-Robin invasion ! Hide your corruptable minds , the little ginger is attacking !!!! :D 
- dying your hair kills braincells . True story . 
is escaping from Monkey Island today ... 
guesses it was her turn to experience the crime and shit-happens wave . Anyone want to help me get a new nationality ? 
Storm ... 
can't seem to wake up and get a move on ... 
- " It's funny , because it's true . " or " I regrets nuthin or know-how ! " 
- The only play happening on field is the brilliant acting by the weak Spanish . Play the ball , not the man , you wusses . 
meh ... I say meh . M . E . H . 
- The bird is the word . 
- For those who see me often , I'll be having going away drinks at Carlyles tomorrow evening after 7:30 . The rest of ya , see you guys after my trip to the Netherlands . Dooi ! 
To all my fellow art students : What wood does one use for woodcut printing ? Have this picture in my head that needs to happen . Please help . 
<3 . Do with it what you want . ;) 
has a über-mc-Awesome new laptop . Now to get back to giving hell , making money and designing ! 
is asking that you guys start doing that 2nd volcano dance ... ;) 
- Let it rain ... ASH ! 
To hell with Bafana's best game ever . My sister is ENGAGED to the best bro-in-law EVER ! Congrats , you beautiful people !! 
is heading South for the Winter . Yes , I know , technically wrong way ... Home , though . :) 
EMO ... lawl ... 
is really bad at doing nothing ... 
is pirating like a little pirate ... monster ... full of piraty powers ... Yes ... That one . Yarrrr ! 
Cate Nash - " Foundations " 
- Blondes don't have more fun . They get bought more drinks , leading to more fun ... 
Arcade Fire - " Windowsill " 
- So Work blocked Facebook , as well as the url for the Google search for its satelite sites ... What are those satelite sites again ...? ;) 
omfg .. I am moving to Jo'burg .. Academics it is . 
<3 
- Ik wil nu na Nederland vliegen , alstublieft ? Nach Amsterdam , Leiden , Den Haag en mijn geliefde Utrecht vliegen ! Zie jullie alle maal Saterdag ! :D 
Hup Hup , Holland ! 
- Game on ! 
hears a vuvuzela in the mists ... Of the Northern Suburbs , no less ... 
is considering going back to the dark side ... they have cookies . Being blonde is over-rated . 
is now minus a laptop , 2 x external Harddrives , a spare phone and a front door . Brilliant . 
feels <3 -ed . :) 
is wearing orange for the rest of the World Cup . Oranje boven ! 
Die Heuwels Fantasties - " Sonrotse " ( altyd ) 
Vamonos ! 
<3 Happy Efteling Day ! Happy Lady Gaga Eve ! Merry Antwerpen Morning ! It's Christa-mas ! Yayz !!! <3 
just realised this is her first real holiday since finishing her Masters . That's 3 years worth of holiday . Lieber Gott ! 
will be giving a talk on her doccie , Tales of the Cape Dutch Song , today at 18:30 - 19:15 in the Bibit Theatre at the Tong-Tong Dutch/Indonesian Festival at the Malieveld , The Hague , Netherlands . Crap ... 
- Mr Flu Bug , I am NOT amused . 
- You can wake the dreamer out of the the 
dream , but it'll be a cold day in hell before you take the dream out of 
the dreamer . 
- Hup , hup , Holland ! Oranje boven ! 
Deutschland über alles , heute . MAAR Oranje boven !! De Kaap wordt weer Hollands ! 
is back in Jozi . :) 
anyone got a last-minute left over ticket for the Loeries ? Will love you long time ? 
... car engine seized , dead , dead , dead car ... Laringitis ... uhm ... But none of this matters , because LR's coming home , because all my friends are awesome , and because I am going to rest so hard I'll be better by Saturday ! 
sees some potentially hectic changes ahead .. Exciting and scary ! 
- Sanity , I must avenge thee ! 
- Last day ! 
thinks we should live more , with less deadlines for all the things we want to be and try to do . It is , after all , merely a dead line . 
I had a cocktail and sushi lunch . Made me miss Beluga . Happy days ... :) 
is lucky to have these amazing ppl in her life . ( Pat your shoulder now , you're on the list . ) :D 
- Intelligence and talent's got nothing on experience . The knowledge you can do something far outweighs the potential . So , get a move on . 
my GPS is hellspawn . 
... hehehe ... Good to be back on the dark side ... 
would like some peace of mind ... :) 
will be having some paul-flavoured calamari soon .. Orange or nothing , stupid seekat ! 
damn Jagerbombs ... 
says screw it . I know where I'm going . :) 
- Interview nr 2 and 3 went well ! 
doesn't want to leave Witsand . Chilling to the maxtreme ! 
has a new favourite film : An Education . 
will soon MORTAL KOMBAT ! All shall know the wrath of Kitana .. 
- Plaas my in ' n boks en merk dit veilig ! :P 
Yay to insane N2 traffic . I bask in the power of the economy , holding me back from doing my job . 
is planning on surviving the epic , drunken , new trip home . Lol , CT's heading the gourmet food & wine parade . 
- Your happiness makes me happy . :) 
is heading for interview nr . 1 . :) 
Damnit ... starting the 1st of November , and haven't packed ! Eeep ... 
has resigned the jorrrb , and found a general direction . 
wants to do a 20's party , puff slim ciggies and speak about things like " moider , dahling ... " 
wishes her car would stop breaking . 
Muchos gracias to my senoritas , Celeste Saville , Ingrid Sinclair and Jim Raubenheimer for some goooood chill vibes and musics last night . Friday we show the world how uber zef we can be , joined by ms awesome , Jenny Steyn . :) 
" And I would do anything for love ... But I won't do that ... " 
will be having goodbye drinks at Carlyles Wedenesday . Ya'll welcome to come wish me well in my exodus out of my favourite city , all in the quest for adventure and ... uhm ... money ... 
" God put me on this earth to accomplish a certain number of things . Right now I am so far behind that I will never die . " - Calvin & Hobbes 
loves being reminded what design should be about ala Neville Brody . " You Adobe kids , get off my lawn ! " 
- Tape , Hiss & Sparkle tonight ( Tuesday ) @ Waiting Room . :D 
- Up and at'em! 
Lol ... reading the whining about the heat Cape Town side whilst listening to the rain and thunder in Jozi . 
will be starting her career as a lecturer for University of Johannesburg the end of 2010 . Scary thought , me being freed onto the youth ... 
Tape , Hiss and Sparkle @ Waiting Room Wednesday Eve ! Yes , please ! :) 
loved seeing some of her old friends at New Media today . :) 
Day of Ohrwurms ( earworms/songs that get stuck in your head ) . Started with " I put my hand down on your hip " , ended with Bear necessities . 
I want a roomba , and I will freaking get a roomba ! 
T-minus 14 days before I visit home again . :) 
is missing her friends , Cape Town and her family ... 
doesn't want to leave all these awesome people in her life ... Anyone want to move to Jo'burg with me ? 
Oh dear ... I need to figure this out . 
... lazy ... no admin ... gods ... no more admin ... :( 
really should've booked her flight for yesterday instead of Wednesday ... 
blah . Time to drink ! 
remembers once bullshitting her way through a primary school oral claiming that it was wintery and rainy up North during summer in the South . I see that I was mistaken about that being bullshit . Jozi's all winter ! 
Good lord , I'm lazy ... 
Sending Corporate into its moer was most definitely one of the best decisions of 2010 . Good riddance , dirty whore . 
Ouch . A student that passed the grade for our Design course just told us she's going to study Marketing instead as the salaries are much higher . Can't argue with that ... And kinda wished I'd thought of that ... 
is flying home . Longstreet tonight ! 
Merry Christmas and all things awesome , you lovely people ! 
is SO back in CT . Going to a drag show tonight . 
wishes y'all a amazing 2011 , full of honest love , good friendship , real fun and happiness . Thanks for sticking by me through a tough 2010 ! 
U2 was awesome ! :) 
Ich weisse nicht wohin ich gehen , aber nur jetzt ist es ganz gut . :) 
1st class contact with students .. Thank god they are mature and know the deal better than I do . :) 
1st contact with Jozi's crime . Yay . Thank god everyone's ok and it happened next door . 
My beloved Stellenbosch Woordfees won favourite festival at the Kyknet Fiestas ! Don't miss it 4-13 March , 2011 . C u there ! 
Ugh , I knew this landlady would be annoying . Feels like I'm living next to my great gran .. 
hopes it's the wind , but my dreams have been very scary of late . 
<3 Coffee 
Sunshine , lolly pops and rainbows . 
crazy nut , wacked in the head , neurotic , obsessive landlady - i haz its ... 
lol .. Accidentally saving my sis's job with a errant data bundle .. Priceless .. 
Off to be Design-Indaba inspired again ! :) 
My students ' excitement is infectious ! This will be a awesome project . Watch this space , Jozi , BIG parties ahead . :) 
Ok , maybe I should stop replying to rental ads for today ... Already sent out more than 10 , gotten replies . Cheaper than the current place and more private . 
found a new home . :) 
Just got to see a premiere of SA movie " Paradise Stop " , the new dramady by the people that did " White Wedding " . Hilarious . Go watch it ! 
Flying home for the Stellenbosch Woordfees this weekend !! Anyone that wants to join up with me there , give me a shout . 
It's the weekend , baby ! For me , anyways ... :P 
Home ... so wonderful ... :) 
Muhahaha , due to the Kings of Leon date changes we are now upgraded to the formerly sold-out Golden Circle ! 
Thanks to the Woordfees and my family for an awesome weekend ! Cape Town , be warned , I invade in 2 weeks time . Hide your sons ( over 25 ) , and tell your daughters to put some freaking clothes on . 
Stupid flu-like symptoms ... Cease and desist ! 
If 8am classes were banned my life would be almost perfect . 
Jeesh , Cape Town , no need to burn down before I get there ... 
Saw some truly inspirational design today . Bit worried about the branding part , though ... 
99.5% moved out of the harpy nest hellhole ! 
Fokofpolisiekar in Cool Runnings , Fourways ! Good times ! 
Mission for the week : sober up , sleep enough , eat healthy . Because for the coming 2 weeks there'll be none of that in Cape Town ... 
Today I am tired , delusional and my soul is singing with joy . I am coming home . 
That's it , folks . It's holiday time ! Jozi-peeps , see ya'll in 2 weeks . CT , see ya'll for 2 weeks . 
All I wanna do , is have some fun . And I've got a feeling I'm not the only one ! :D 
Purrrrrr .... 
Soet slaap sonder sonde vanaand ... 
Some Jack and Lime , Tape Hiss and Sparkle tunes , The Waiting Room , and some awesome friends . Yep , this is the life ... :) 
Amazing holiday ! I should have more of these ... 
Mercury ! I am home . 
magie vol , ogies toe ... :) 
Design deadline ! Nice to get back to my roots . :) 
Suuuuuuushi ! Cocktails ! Then hi @ a braai !! Any live music I can fit in somewhere ? Only way Wednesday eve could be cooler ... 
Wine tour ! 
Thank you , Morgan Geldenhuys , for a awesome wine tour , thank you Carline Jansen Van Nieuwenhuizen , for a amazing supper . What a freaking party ! 
Carlyle's , ICU , ROAR , Fez . Rock on ! 
Houtbaai Calamari . Yum . 
Thanks for a great one , Cape Town peeps ! See you in 2 weeks . 
Lordy ... think I forgot my brain at home today ... 
Eish ... long day ... 
" We're asking for too much I guess , Cause all we get is ... Dead disco , Dead funk , Dead rock and roll . Remodel - Everything has been done . La la la la la la la la la la . " - Metric , Dead Disco . 
Note to self : no more drinking on school nights ... 
I will not be leaving this bed today if I can help it . So cosy ! 
My heart will always be in Cape Town , my team will always be Western Province and my first home will always be Durbanville . But I am starting to feel at home in Jozi . :) 
Oh Monday , why you gotta be so mean ? 
Die Heuwels is en was Fantasties . :) 
Cape Town ! <3 
99 red balloons . 
I sense a hectic party of magnitude 1000 000 heading my way , gently but certainly . Africa Burns , soon ... 
Web design experimenting , again . Starting to enjoy this ... sort of ... 
Looking for a lift for a friend for Friday to Africa Burns . Message me . :) 
The time has come to stoke the fire and thunder of Valhalla at Africa Burns ... Valhalla , your Valkyrie approaches , bearing ambrosia for all . 
What more can I say about AfrikaBurn than EPIC ! 
Flu-bunny ... Ugh ... 
Today my Btechs , even the supposed or imagined ' bad ' groups rocked my world with their innovative , creative and truly gorgeous game designs ! Can actually not wait to see the final products ! 
Zombie teacher is zombie-ing ... 
Gelukkige Moedersdag aan my moeder , Dorothea Van Zyl ! 
I wish the flu didn't make me such a mean person ... 
" Even if your hope has burned with time , Anything thats dead shall be regrown , And your vicious pain , your warning sign , you will be fine . " - The Adventure , Angels and Airwaves . 
The sky is attacking my house .. 
I know it's bad , but every time I see a article about the Japan nuclear powerplant , especially another leak into the ocean , I think this is the start of Godzilla ... 
I'm tired , it's been rough , but I love this job . 
Sleepy-naptime-stay-in-anti-social-cosy-snuggle-deliciousness ... purrrr .... 
Roxette , baby ! 
She's got the look .. Of someone who's going to kick @Retha Marais out of the feathers so she can go vote .. Up and at ' em ! 
Did I miss the smiting and kidnapping of the supposed righteous ? 
Got a mirror held up to my ugly side . Ah well . I knew it was there . 
That's me in the corner , losing my religion . 
A defeatist attitude is shooting yourself in the foot before going to war - A bad idea and only hurting yourself . 
Home . Now . Please . Real home , with my life , friends , family , flat mountain , bunnies and ginger in the yard . Please ? 
I had plans for today before the powercut . Ah well . 
Your bureacrazy amuses me . Proceed . :) ( PS In the real world you can't survive ) 
Choice between insight = perspective = growth versus automatic go to hell . Time to grow up and wing it . 
Every spark of friendship and love will die without a home . 
Hey , open wide here comes original sin . It's alright , it's alright , it's alright , it's alright . No one's got it all . Power to the people . We don't want it . We want pleasure . 
Haz car , will travel , party , shop etc again . Finally . :D 
I fought the war but the war won't stop , for the love of God ! I fought the war but the war won ... Metric - " Monster Hospital " 
