just joined i'm late as hell but feeling good :P 
just chillin 
chillin at home , not gonna be able to go anywhere with that snow storm from today but i luv it <3 
i need a new camera soon trying to think of which one i should get 
just chillin tired as hell gonna stay in and relax 
is very happy but kinda bored i'll be off and on here ily everyone . 
If wishes were fishes the world would be an ocean .. and i would drown trying to make them come true omg i feel like swimming ... <-- random huh ? :P 
Is so damn tired .. but got my hair done once again <3 I may go to sleep so .. yeah bbl <3 
Glad school is over for now , havent been on here in a minute xD . 
Damn I just now saw my updates xD thanks so much you guys rock ! ? 
Had a good day , just chillin now hung at a few places , went to my dad's grave .. odd how people drive like they on the highway there too for no reason to O.o 
Life is good I'm just taking it one step at a time <3 
V my phone died I can't answer ur call .. yet u still calllin .. and still callin .. and it's still ringing .. okay so battery ... WTF STOP CALLIN MY PHONE DEAD CAN U SEE ?! >.> so I'll call u tom ... U know what I don't like u ! xDD but seriously it's dead V no lie plz stop callin kay ? :) merry early Christmas ! 
Your the worst best friend ever .. V : how ? boy : what's my first name ? what's my last name ? he need to get slapped 4 real xDDD 
Michaela lmao @ your random comments and no .. I don't find your drama amusing I find it hilarious xDDD 
Happy new yeaarr ... yeah um eh uhh I'm late sorry I had a long night .... soo yeah :) mm mm mm mm what's up y'all ? 
It takes courage to be cowardly .... right ?. 
xD 
I'll reply to my messages tomorrow so if they're read don't worry I'll get to them :) I'm ready for thanksgiving already ! :P 
Watch me all night , I'm movin ' to the light because I understand That we all need love and I'm not afraid I feel the love , but I don't feel that way -somebody knows what that's about ... :P I feel so sorry for them . 
I got my hair done on monday . it's like super curly I feel like a poodle . Hopefully I'll put a pic up soon for everyone to see . yes it's finally different no lie . 
Today's my birthday ! Thanks for the b-day wishes <333 
Thanks for telling me about the chickens kayla , I feel important now xD 
getting out 2 hours ealy from school :D real press <3 
iiin The Cafeteria ... Bored Thee Fukk Out Mii Mind HeHe :) 
Passed That Damn Government HSA ;;; Woot Woot :) ...... 
Wondering Watt Teww Do Thiss Weekend ??? .... 
&&& Shout Out Tew Slim Jim And His Little Friend !! 
I got into a car accident on my school bus like an hour ago .. so I'm home now ... At least I can feel my legs , so random :O 
Kayla your a life savor thank you ! so just gotta finish the download then I'll start and end this powerpoint ... I hate it now eek . 
Ugh if you buy a pc it should come with Microsoft office tools at least >.> so yeah still trying to get my half of the project to work , sadly . 
Just came back from the hair salon , I seriously need a camera for Christmas but anywho I'm dressed up like a princess now :) ( ya I had no other choice mmm ... ) 
>.> I'm a cancer and I'm sticking to it <3 
Merry Christmas everyone ! I hope you all are having fun <3333 
home skillet biscuit for life ; ride or die :) we real dumb , lil snickers ... but we cool . V we need a reunion , all of us . I don't wanna be buckwild I don't go shoes to be throwin like dat ... 
just finished Christmas shopping , Sooo tired but it's worth it :) Victoria's Secret is my best friend now <3 xD 
on the phone with ulrika , ugh I never know what to say on here .... so , how's life guysss ? lmfao where's my shout out lala > ? ooh good times xDDDD 
Some people are just gone too soon , R.I.P Wayne Cuffy :/ 
I can't be the only one bored here ... right ? Woooo let's chat :) 
Dally + MGK = love <3 xD I'll be sure to meet him one day :P 
I can't view my messages right now , so I'll get to them tomorrow :) 
Seen a lot of crazy/sad things today , ugh the world is getting crazy isn't it ? mm shame .. but I got my hair done so yay ! :D 
Ohhh that was offensive >.> 
well .. gotta find a way to get to my modeling interview .. in Pennsylvania .. isn't that just great .. Pennsylvania ! >.> 
Osama Bin Laden is dead , this is bad but it trumps the uk wedding for sure ! I hope all the families who lost loved ones from 9/11 have some closer and peace now . 
GOOD NEWS : I'll be competing in MISS TEEN USA beauty pageant this October yay ! BAD NEWS : Hm ... I'm not going to Prom .. unless I win and wear my pageant dress to prom .. now is that tacky or smart ? ( yes I'm cheap IDC xD ) 
I'll go out tomorrow for bday but today I'mma chill .. smile .. enjoy life .. eat my damn food up lmfao where is the cake and icecream yes ! not ashamed to want that still I LOVE YOU GUYS ALL OF U more than cake <3 
I'm so damn tired , let's hope another earthquake dosen't happen hopes everybody okay :] 
Can't do anything without this new FB stuff poppin up in my face , sorry if I'm being slow 2 reply thank you all so much 4 the photo likes/comments . Gotta send 1 in to the pageant so even slower replies , not ignoring just working <3 
why do I feel as though I look like a child in my default or maybe it's the mini version of it hmm ( not ashamed to say it I wore the silvery top from last year in it LOL , I didn't feel like digging in my closet 4 something ... ) 
don't you hate it when random ppl you don't add you it's like : O.o <-- my face when I see it . 
just put these nails on but I'm gonna take them off later , not use 2 typing w/ them plus it looks cheap as hell lol what was I thinkin ... I love all of you , so ya :) 
those miss usa girls don't stay on their official fb pages 4 long , If I get this I'd be on there but " like " myself would be weird lol hmm <.< 
Wooo the miss usa pageant seminar was amazing ! met some cool girls and maryland herself ! she was so pretty like a barbie ... well they all looked like barbies mostly xD I feel great now , time to practice dances & walks . <3 
I have to scan my whole page for pageant review but I don't even know where to begin ... so many changes on here O.o ugh 
everything is a story now ? what ... 
time to start the scan , removing select past items from page , just business <3 
Cowboys won <3333 
