Why do all the good TV shows have to only be on once a week ! 
College seems like it's going to be ... interesting this year . 
" Screw the rules I have green hair ! " 
I've gone soft in my ' old ' age lol 
FMA Brotherhood's newest episode rocked my socks ! Seriously people , it's mind blowing ! Yes , I am a fan girl ... ( JK ) 
Day off tomorrow ... cool beans ! 
Finally saw Coraline , got it on DVD , it's really awesome ! 
It's been 11 days ! The best 11 days of my life !!! * Dances around * 
Must see episode 29 ... * twitch * Why are each one only 22 mins long ?!? : ' < 
is BORED ! : ' < 
Freaking my cuz out is amazing ! 
Will it ever stop ?!?! Agh ! God , were the tissues gone ? GIMME ! 
Brill , Friday tomorrow ! I loves Friday's especially after 4 in the afternoon . XD 
I still have't found the bloody tissues ! :\ 
is fed up of being ill all the time ! >:( 
Quizzaz time ! Oh yeah ...! ( overly enthusiastic ... -_-') 
And now the net is being crappy n slow ! Today sucks . 
this is so easy to use ! 
Damn Colds ! Damn who ever gave it to me ! o_o 
Lookin forward to Thursday ! 
Mysterygoogle.com is great when extremely bored ... XD 
Awesome ! Weekend time ... :D 
Oh not again ... :S 
So sleepy ... -_- 
Tis fatherkins ' 53rd Birthday today ... how time flies . 
So tired ... Stupid dreams ! Leave me alone ! :( 
I have never been more annoyed with an anime in my life ! Why does the main character have to be so bloody stupid ? >:O 
Oh the nostalgia ... Klonoa you're so awesome ! 
I need to play Klonoa so badly right now ... why is my ps2 not connected ? Why has Heather got the wii remake ? Gah ! D: 
Maybe listening to the Klonoa soundtrack isn't helping the situation . 
Finally got to play Klonoa 2 . I still get freaked out when Klonoa is close/going to fall - I also still freak out on that level where that boss chases . I also ramble ( a lot ) about the weirdest things ; but I can't seem to hold a normal conversation . XD 
Everything is falling , what ? Why ? 
Morning ! 
Saw a lovely parrot . 
What's up ? 
Morning again ! 
Morning , yet again people ! The holiday is going so fast . :( 
Oh what a laugh maaaan-face ! 
I'm surprised no one has complained about my laughing . o.O 
Night everyone ! 
Mornin'! 
I want to hear more of it . Next time , I hope . 
Why do I have a Twitter ? 
What a day . 
Haha , procrastination station in the nation ! Yeah ... 
Needs a freakin ' hair cut . XD 
What's on your mind ? 
Crys-t ! I'm loling so much right now ! 
Spleen , it remembers ... 
I think , and this is just a ' wild ' guesstimation , I have developed a fully fledged cold . 
Awesome day today . Heath , you ledge ! 
Oh dear , looks like that smothered chicken in the Sandpiper today , or rather yesterday , was not a good idea . Either that or I'm actually coming down with something . :( 

Happy Birthday mum ! : L 
Yeah , I'm ill . Proper . I'm really unlucky health wise this year . 
Oh how I wish it was a Friday . Then if I'm still like this tomorrow I wouldn't be missing anything . But it's not so ... crap . 
I feel like I'm gonna be sick . Waaah ! :( 
Dyscalculia ? I really do think so . 4+4 =3 ! :P 
' Simply knowing you exist ain't good enough for me ... ' 
Happy Birthday mother ! Even if you can't see this , Happy Birthday anyway ! Thanks for never forgetting to be awesome . :D 
Feeling sick isn't nice . Stay away from me food ! Eww ... what ? 
Just told mum , it feels like a weight off my shoulders . :D 
Make the nausea go away . Please ? 
So , I'd like to eat , I really would . The sight of food makes me want to puke ... it's not nice . 
Ugh ... 
Just had a grey ladybird on my desk . T'was pretty cute . It was just walking along , not a care in the world . Highlight of my day , how sad . Well , I am stuck at home so it makes sense right ? It's not everyday a person gets to see a grey ladybird inside , right ? :) 
Just read bits and pieces from my journal to the parents , I think I may have baffled them with some of the things I wrote . Though I'm not entirely sure . Ah well . 
So I'm still ill . However , today is the 3rd of March , which is reason enough to be happy ! Wooh , 3rd of March !!! 
Why couldn't I just be identifiably allergic to one type of ' consumable ' product ; that would be easier dealt with than the , more or less , unknown ! 
I can put monsters under my bed . ;) 
Can't believe I got the amnesia story right on Emmerdale on the very first episode Jimmy got hurt . I now predict that only his first wifey will be able to get his memory back . 
I'm currently obsessed with Pieces of Flair , the gems they have on there . It's a shame more people don't use it ... * hint * 
I feel like a zombie ... or something . 
I'm looking forward to next weekend ! 
Nothing is on my mind at the moment . 
Head ache , yay ! 
Yay , I have my computer back ! Lovin ' the fastness of it ! 
I'm not feeling to great ... I want to be able to eat food , but the thought is also making me feel worse . 
I'm ill again ... :( 
Yet another exam to be finished . One more to go ! 
Meh ... 
Biscuit ! 
Someone please shut the neighbours up ...! I'm trying to sleep . XD 
Just watched Yes Man , was pretty good . 
Looking forward to Monday ! o.O 
Told mum about last night's nightmare , yeah ... we're both glad that never actually happened . 
Bored ... might do some welsh bacc now ... :\ 
Tired ... :\ Ebby is too loud . 
My computer just turned itself off ... :S 
I had a dream today about that old graveyard on the way to school ! They were sorting it out . o.O 
I hate you Bieber and your carpy repetitive songs ! Thank you Abe they are officially stuck in my head . 
Joe's Raspberry Sorbet is so tastyful . 
Fullmetal Alchemist is getting crazy good ! Looking forward to seeing the Promised Day in ep 50 next Monday ! 
Errr ... I'm stuffed , dinner was awesome , but I feel sick now ... 
All this thinking has given me another head ache ... 
I have officially waffled my way through both of my essays ! I now have three days to myself ... chilax time ! 
Hi people ! :D 
Just dug out my massive book on birthdays , and mine described my personality pretty accurately , spooky ! 
Coughing fit ! o.O 
Tomorrow ! :D 
Just uninstalled " Better Facebook " , t'was good , but was making it take 2 secs faster to load FB . 
Ill :( 
Not in a good mood . 
Alice in Wonderland rocked , it's probably the most awesome adaptation I've seen . Yesterday was made of awesome ! 
Fullmetal Alchemist has finally ended , probably one of the best but most depressing endings of a story in the history of ... well ... ever . XD 
Damn dreams made me live today twice ! It's freakish . o.O 
Feeling sick ... :\ 
Procrastination ! 
Just watched Up , an awesome film , bloomin ' sad in some parts though . dad got well upset : L 
I feel like I should still be at college ... lol . So awesome that I've done pretty much everything for this wbac thingy . :P 
I know what I am going to be using Artemis for ; it was hard to decide exactly but what I have in mind is going to be very fitting and hopefully - in the long run - beneficial . 
Why are you broken Pieces of Flair ? I wants to see " my creations " and stuff . D: 
Tired of thinking to much ... Tired from thinking too much ... 
Exams officially finished ! Well for me anyway ... huzzah ! 
Watching my mum play wii fit plus , she cannot control it to save her life . 
DW rocked today , am so glad that the new Doctor was not made of fail ! 
Don't make me go back to college tomorrow , I don't want to have to sit through Welsh Bac and the like . I'd rather waste my time at home on the tinterwebs . D: 
I don't like the new FB profile . Why is the status box hidden ? Now you have to click on " Status " . Guess it's got something to do with FB wanting us to " put more effort in " rather than making things easier ... * is really close to leaving * 
Nothin ' like stickin ' all your songs on reeaaally loud and singin ' along , really takes the pressure off thinking . 
achy headache is achy ... :\ 
Just had a packet of m&m's , they so cannot be beaten . 
Seriously , no one says " gee whizz " any more , so stop saying it you stupid man ! 
I'm half asleep here , feel like a zombie or sommit . lol 
Finally connected mother's laptop to the internet . ' twas not easy for she has ubuntu , a foreign , and slightly user unfriendly operating system . o.O 
I hate migraines ... and it had to happen before my exam on Friday . 
No more exams ! ... Until the 7th that is . D: 
iPod touch came today , it's really pretty snazzy ! 
It's strange to think that a couple of months ago I couldn't whistle at all and now I'm whistling along to songs and stuff . Yeah , still not brilliant but I'd never thought I'd be able to whistle ever , let alone whistle a tune . 
Every now and again I remember I am turning 18 this year , then freak out because it means " becoming an adult " , I'm still a really childish person and so the concept freaks me out ! I blame Heather's birthday for reminding me . 
Doctor Who = awesome 
I have a funny feeling I may have mild hay fever - randomly . 
College tomorrow , if I can make it . I hope this year I'm luckier health wise . If I can't go tomorrow I've already notified the teachers so they can give me work and stuff , so no worries . -_- 
In a weird mood ... and not liking it ! >:[ 
Sophie or Danielle to win Over the Rainbow ! :O 
Sore throat ... :( 
Mam's gone off to nan's ' til the end of next week , left me " in charge " . ¬_¬ ' Party time ! Oh wait ... ugh ... revision time ... :\ 
Just had a nightmare with zombies in for some reason . It freaked me the heck out . 
We'll miss you Big Brother ! :[ 
So cold ! I had an awesome day today though ! :D 
I have no clue what I'm doing now ... XD 
Huzzah ! 
Can't believe the Christmas I've had , it's been pretty awesome . 
Still have the migraine , though I managed to go to town for the opticians appointment . Finally seen the bloomin ' xmas lights in town , they're pretty awesome ! 
Just asked John Green a question on VYou and he answered . Weird . XD 
I was not expecting all this ! 
Looking forward to seeing what on earth Heather's given me . 
Second Philosophy exam tomorrow ! OMG ! 
My memory is so bad lately ... :( 
Looking forward to Monday now ! Next week's gonna be awesome . 
Only two more exams left and then I'm done ! Only the last one is on Thursday , so I have to wait ages before I can say I'm finished proper ... :\ 
John Green answered another of my questions ! It's not that he is answering them that's the most interesting part . Out of all the people asking questions of all kinds , mine were deemed interesting enough to answer . :D 
Why is youtube being so slow ? All I want to do is take a break from revision ... :( 
College tomorrow ! 
Mini unicorns that pee rainbows , they are just the right size for the fairies to ride - fabulous . 
:( 
Someone just rang the doorbell once about 15 mins ago , kinda creeped me out . Why would someone call -once- at this time of day ? I don't think anyone answered though so we dunno who it was . o.O 
Woke up in the middle of the night laughing my head off . Says it all really doesn't it ? 
Kinda - ever so slighty - looking forward to going back to college . Likes the idea of going back to Film Studies after a years break ! 
Too full ... Never again ! : L 
Can't unhear ... CAN'T UNHEAR ! I need brain bleach asap ! D: 
I love the presents off Heather . The notebook is my favourite out of everything I've had ; and I don't normally pick favourites . 
Merry Boxing Day ! Yeah , it doesn't have quite the same ring to it .... 
" Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries ! " 
Night all ! Gonna watch some TV and stuff . 
Cat , why do you follow me around so ? 
This tangle really does make an amazing hat , I'd recommend it to anyone . 
I wonder if I will ever have a Daisy ... hmm . 
Damn ... Sad dream , not only that but it also woke me up . It took ages to get to sleep and now I'm awake again , awesome . 
Yay , my Facebook font size is bigger . Thank you " Better Facebook " ! 
Head ... still ... bad .... D: 
My birthday is totally froody , in the glory ! Adulthood , tango you ! 
Anyone else have a love/hate ' relationship ' with Urban Dictionary ? Sometimes it hits the nail on the head when it comes to slang , other times it's stupid and insulting . -_- 
BB's Sam Pepper constantly being called " Sam Pepper " or just " ( the ) Pepper " reminds me of the days when people used to call me " Sam Perrin " or just " Perrin-oh " . Seriously people , why ? : L 
I love rain so much ! It's at times like these that I am happy to be in Wales . 
Queen binge ! 
Ebby just lost The Game . 
Happy FMA Day ! XD 
Not to keen on the new msn 
Just listened to one hell of a creepy song . 
' Oh boy , dirty soap!' XD 
Ordered a tangle . Oh the conversations I'm having with people ... 
Wah ! Why are they killing off all the nicer people ? Well ... except for one I s'pose . And poor Rita ! :'( 
Gotta love Fable 3's awesomeness . I wish I had an xbox in my room so I could play it more . 
I had a dream the other night , it told me that the Pope was evil . o.O 
I had a dream about someone from school last night . Why ? 
" Sometimes humanity just makes me want to RAEGQUIT but I can't because I'm playing on Hard Mode and I don't have any respawns . " 
Can't believe it's already Christmas eve , where does the time go ? 
Anybody remember The Moomins ? 
It looks like mum found a tiny snail under her pillow . It could be something else though , it was too small to tell for sure , but it really did look like a snail . : L 
Tatty Bye my lovelies ... XD 
Today has been awful ... 
It's Heather's fault that I like anime , btw . 
It's a kind of magic that I can see right through you ; it's like you're an invisible man riding a bicycle . I'm certainly not gonna stop you now ! What ? 
Can't believe it's almost Christmas already , where does the time go ? 
My head , it hurts ... :( 
Welsh bacc review ? Hahahaaaa ! 
Seabrook crisps are so nom nom ! 
Heather's choco rice krispie cakes are nom-tastic 
Feeling ill on New Years Eve , amazing . This doesn't look good for next year . 
An early ' Happy New Year ' to everyone ! I can't guarantee I'll still be awake later . 
Anyone thought of a New Year's resolution ? I kinda have , but it's nothing too important . 
So much disappointment . The anime has finished , I was expecting another episode this week , last week's didn't feel like a ' last in the series ' episode . :\ 
Coffee smells and tastes bad . 
I wanna know ! 
If it's not one thing , it's another , or two , or three . >:( 
I wanna learn to play the piano so badly ! 
Eb are goof ! 
My hair has been cut again , my head feels a good few %'s lighter now . :D 
Looking forward to seeing everyone on Sunday ! :D 
I regret not putting in more effort . 
So , how are you ? 
Talking about headwear , I also can't spell tonight . Whoops ... 
Need sleep , night everyone ! 
Damn you evil migraine ! :'( 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood & invite your friends to do the same til Monday ( 12.06.10 ) . There should be no human faces on Facebook , but an invasion of memories ! This is for violence against children . 
Merry Christmas everyone ! 
I'm so addicted to them . It's really not healthy . >.> 
Smells like coal tar . Interesting . :) 
I can see ! :O 
' Bagpuss , dear Bagpuss , old Fat Furry Catpuss , 
Wake up and look at this thing that I bring , 
Wake up , be bright , be golden and light , 
Bagpuss , oh hear what I sing . ' 
I wonder when I should ... ah never mind . It'll either be Saturday or Monday though . :P 
I keep biting my mouth , it hurts ! :( 
Just saw a pretty awesome film ! :3 
Is having the most random conversation whilst writing my Religious Studies essay . I'm actually completing it faster than usual too . XD 
' The ' Madness ' Hamsters . Every night they visit you , every night the come , and bit by bit they steal your brain , and feed it to their mum ' . 
Blocked ear ... D: 
I think I have a cold coming ... not nice . :( 
Ewww a ' Love Bieber ? ' ad has infiltrated fb ! I'd rather not see his ugly mug as one of the first things I see ... k thnx bai . 
So annoying ! >:\ 
Wearing a tangle on your head is fun ! Wait ... what ? 
Bye-bye Christmas decorations , I'll see ya later this year ! :3 
Silent laughter , the best kind . XD 
I've never laughed so much in my life ! Well , maybe , but regardless , I still laughed a lot . 
Coal tar . 
Almost got sucked in to watching the Corpse Bride . Awesome film ; but I have other things to do , like , interneting . 
