So after all those one night stands You've ended up with heart in hand A child alone On your own Retreating Regretful for the things you're not And all the things you haven't got Without a home A heart of stone lies bleeding And for all the roads you followed And for all you did not find And for all the dreams you had to leave behind 
Okay , what happened to fall ? Go Rockies ! 
Looking for a puppy , a real one ... husky mix would be nice ! I miss having a dog around . 
I like long walks , especially when they are taken by people who annoy me . - Noel Coward 
It is possible that what we see as an inconvenient interruption is a divine appointment . 
So things are healed then ? 
Anarchism is founded on the observation that since few men are wise enough to rule themselves , even fewer are wise enough to rule others . - Edward Abbey 
My strength comes from forgiveness of those who hurt me 
Congratulations to Jimmy Johnson ... 4 in a row , quite an achievement . 
In every thing give thanks : for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus concerning you . 1 Thessalonians 5:18 
Now off once again in the often hopeless pusuit of sleep . 
Everyone has a right to a university degree in America , even if it's in Garbage Collection Technology . 
John 14:1 -3 Let not your heart be troubled : ye believe in God , believe also in me . In my Father's house are many mansions : if it were not so , I would have told you . I go to prepare a place for you . And if I go and prepare a place for you , I will come again , and receive you unto myself ; that where I am , there ye may be also . And whither I go ye know , and the way ye know . 
Saturday , good friends of our's had a near tradgedy . Their daughter attempted suicide . Please pray for their daughter , and her parents , as they try to work through this very difficult time . 
A rat can fall from a 5-story building without injury . 
Off to go dumpster diving ... 
Time is that quality of nature which keeps events from happening all at once . Lately it doesn't seem to be working . 
This is too funny not to share ... can anybody say M-i-c-k-e-y M-o-u-s-e ... Before Britney Spears , Christina Aguilera , Justin Timberlake , J . C . Chasez of ’N Sync , and Keri Russell of TV’s Felicity went on to fame and fortune , they appeared on the revamped Mickey Mouse Club on the Disney Channel . 
I am the way I am the light I am the dark inside the night I hear your hopes I feel your dreams And in the dark I hear your screams Don't turn away Just take my hand And when you make your final stand I'll be right there I'll never leave And all I ask of you Believe 
If quitters never win , and winners never quit , than who is the fool who said , " Quit while you're ahead " ? 
Off to another day of trying to make miracles happen .... 
ind something in life that you love doing . If you make a lot of money , that's a bonus , and if you don't , you still won't hate going to work . 
Let us all rejoice , for today is Christmas and we celebrate our friends , family , and most importantly , the birth of Jesus , our Savior . 
From Night Castle " Sometimes in our lives , we are all lost young man . The trick though , is knowing there is always a way back . " 
Everyone is entitled to be stupid , but some abuse the privilege . - Unknown 
Trust in the LORD with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding ; in all your ways acknowledge him , and he will direct your paths . Proverbs 3 , 5-6 
Sometimes , it would seem that we are torn between what we know , and what lies before us . This is especially so when one door which lies open before us offers a path so different than the one we are on . So which we will we choose , the road offering the familiar , or the one offering a promise of discovery of things yet unknown ? 
Santa's on his way , he's at Badulla , Sri Lanka ! 
I love deadlines . I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by . - Douglas Adams 
The important thing is not to stop questioning . - Albert Einstein 
The scientists of today think deeply instead of clearly . One must be sane to think clearly , but one can think deeply and be quite insane . - Nikola Tesla 
There are a plethorah of people who are willing to spout about thing's of which they know nothing about . 
Fig Newton : The force required to accelerate a fig 39.37 inches per sec . - J . Hart 
Oh sleep , where art thou ? 
If you can find something everyone agrees on , it's wrong . - Mo Udall 
There is hope Jacob ! Rod Stewart worked as a coffin polisher before his incredible recording career took off . 
Character is what you have left when you've lost everything you can lose . - Evan Esar 
Human salvation lies in the hands of the creatively maladjusted . - Martin Luther King Jr. 
Why do they say new and improved ? It can't be new if it was improved can it ? 
Confusion is always the most honest response . - Marty Indik 
Laughing at our mistakes can lengthen our own life . Laughing at someone else's can shorten it . - Cullen Hightower 
The more original a discovery , the more obvious it seems afterwards . - Arthur Koestler 
Silence propagates itself , and the longer talk has been suspended , the more difficult it is to find anything to say . - Samuel Johnson 
If knowledge can create problems , it is not through ignorance that we can solve them . - Isaac Asimov 
Human history becomes more and more a race between education and catastrophe . - H . G . Wells Our Government need to read this and refocus it's priorities from rescuing banks to rescuing our education system . 
We don't know a millionth of one percent about anything . - Thomas A . Edison 
We are starting a study on a book by Francis Chan , Called Crazy Love , I encorage you to take a look at the material on the web , and maybe hook up with a study in your own area . There is information on youtube , and on the books website , which is linked within face book . 
Liberty without learning is always in peril ; learning without liberty is always in vain . - John F . Kennedy 
... when you have eliminated the impossible , whatever remains , however improbable , must be the truth . - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 
Reality is merely an illusion , albeit a very persistent one . - Albert Einstein 
Before his downfall a man's heart is proud , but humility comes before honor . Proverbs 18:12 
It's so much easier to suggest solutions when you don't know too much about the problem . - Malcolm Forbes 
Jr. came close today , can he win tomorrow , 10 years after Dale Sr was tragically killed in the same race ? 
It's Daytona ! 
I believe in getting into hot water ; it keeps you clean . 
- G . K . Chesterton 
Bud Shoot-Out tomorrow , the 8 days to the big day ! 
If all the world is a stage , where is the audience sitting ? 
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought 
without accepting it . 
- Aristotle 
If ignorance is bliss , why aren't more people happy ? 
The average P h.D. thesis is nothing but a transference of bones from one graveyard to another . - J . Frank Dobie 
The best way to compile inaccurate information that no one wants is to make it up . - Scott Adams 
A specification that will not fit on one page of 8.5 x11 inch paper cannot be understood . - Mark Ardis 
Politics is not a bad profession . If you succeed there are many rewards , if you disgrace yourself you can always write a book . - Ronald Reagan 
Maturity is only a short break in adolescence . - Jules Feiffer 
My loving God , you saved me from addiction , led me back to You're family where is sleep ? 
A complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from a simple system that works . 
- John Gaule 
An adventure is only an inconvenience rightly considered . An inconvenience is an adventure wrongly considered . - G . K . Chesterton 
It's a sad day in American History today . A shame that a government cannot liten to her people . We'll have our day of retribution in November ! 
Believe those who are seeking the truth . Doubt those who find it . - Andre Gide 
I am limited only by my vision of what is possible . 
That which has always been accepted by everyone , everywhere , is almost certain to be false . - Paul Valery 
I think computer viruses should count as life . I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive . We've created life in our own image . - Stephen Hawking 
Attitude of Grattide , Thanks and As YOU wish 
There are three kinds of lies : lies , damned lies , and statistics . 
- 
Benjamin 
Disraeli 
Windows 7 it's just miles simpler , UNTIL YOU TRY TO USE IT ! 
Ask your child what he wants for dinner only if he's buying . 
- Fran Lebowitz 
People need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure and it's not contagious . They only want what we all want : to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week , an ... d this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help and understanding . 
Thanks to all for the Birthday wishes ! I was off a camping and fishing adventure . Murphy was with us all weekend , but it was still a good time . Also caught the exotic car show , should have pics up soon . 
Seen on a bumper sticker If going to church makes you a Christian , then does going to a garage make you a car ? 
1 is 1 too many , and one more is never enough . 
Egotism is the anesthetic that dulls the pain of stupidity . - Frank Leahy 
Of course , our failures are a consequence of many factors , but possibly one of the most important is the fact that society operates on the theory that specialization is the key to success , not realizing that specialization precludes comprehensive thinking . 
[ info][add][mail ] 
R . Buckminster Fuller , 
Man is the only animal that laughs and weeps , for he is the only animal 
that is struck with the difference between what things are and what they 
ought to be . 
- William Hazlitt 
The glory of great men should always be measured by the means they have 
used to acquire it . 
Washington is a city of Southern efficiency and Northern charm . 
- John F . Kennedy 
We are what we pretend to be , so we must be careful what we pretend to 
be . 
- Kurt 
Vonnegut 
It was on my fifth birthday that Papa put his hand on my shoulder and said , ' Remember , my son , if you ever need a helping hand , you'll find one at the end of your arm . ' 
- Sam Levenson 
Sanity is a madness put to good use . 
- George Santayana 
Confusion is always the most honest response . 
- Marty Indik 
America believes in education : the average professor earns more money in 
a year than a professional athlete earns in a whole week . 
- Evan Esar 
If you hate a person , you hate something in him that is part of yourself . What isn't part of ourselves doesn't disturb us . 
- Hermann Hesse 
The difference between the right word and the almost right word is the difference between lightning and a lightning bug . 
- Mark Twain 
Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting 
where you heard it . 
- Laurence J . Peter 
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls 
and looks like work . 
- Thomas A . Edison 
The one serious conviction that a man should have is that nothing is to 
be taken too seriously . 
- Nicholas Butler 
The secret of eternal youth is arrested development . 
Much of the social history of the Western world over the past three decades has involved replacing what worked with what sounded good . 
- Thomas Sowell 
Criminal : A person with predatory instincts who has not sufficient 
capital to form a corporation . 
- Howard Scott 
Have a good trip . Call if you need to . 
Watch the ' whose following me on facebook linke ' Sophos is warning that it is spreading maileware . See their site for details . 
Few things are more satisfying than seeing your own children have 
teenagers of their own . 
- Doug Larson 
Democracy means that anyone can grow up to be president , and anyone who doesn't grow up can be vice president . 
- Johnny Carson 
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Take the first step in faith . You 
don't have to see the whole staircase , just take the first step . 
As Christmas Approaches .... First A Merry Christmas to all . But let us also remember that Christmas is a promise from God . A promise first written many year prior to the birth if Jesus that winter morning . The promise was that the messiah would come and atone for man's sin . This promise is delivered on Easter . 
Big DOE meeting , big opportunity , big snow predicted ... anyone have a snow-cat , or snow mobile I could borrow ? It's almost a dream , politicians actually trying to help the little guys by providing energy efficient retro fits . This is something to be excited about ! I'll keep you posted , as I can . If we are successful , we could cut heating/cooling bills by 30% . 
Psalms 7:17 I will give thanks to 
the LORD because of his righteousness and will sing praise to the name 
of the LORD Most High . 
I have learned to use the word ' impossible ' with the greatest caution . 
- Wernher von Braun 
A fact is a simple statement that everyone believes . It is innocent , unless found guilty . A hypothesis is a novel suggestion that no one wants to believe . It is guilty , until found effective . 
- Edward Teller 
The shortest distance between two points is under construction . 
- Noelie Altito 
I have not failed . I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work . 
Be who you are and say what you feel , because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind . 
- Dr. Seuss 
We may not imagine how our lives could be more frustrating and complex -- but Congress can . 
- Cullen Hightower 
A specification that will not fit on one page of 8.5 x11 inch paper cannot be understood . 
- Mark Ardis 
Only the mediocre are always at their best . 
- Jean Giraudoux 
Well the weather folks got the temperature , wind and right . Now we'll see about the 10 inches . That will make Golden difficult . 
It is a good morning exercise for a research scientist to discard a pet hypothesis every day before breakfast . It keeps him young . 
- Konrad Lorenz 
Egotism is the anesthetic that dulls the pain of stupidity . 
- Frank Leahy 
He attacked everything in life with a mix of extraordinary genius and naive incompetence , and it was often difficult to tell which was which . 
- Douglas Adams 
The greatest of faults , I should say , is to be conscious of none . 
I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America , and to the republic , for which it stands , one nation , under God , indivisible , with liberty and justice for all . " I grew up reciting this every morning in school ; it is a shame we no longer do that for fear of offending someone . Now , let's see .... how many Americans will re-post this and NOT care about those offended ? 
In real life , unlike in Shakespeare , the sweetness of the rose depends 
upon the name it bears . Things are not only what they are . They are , in 
very important respects , what they seem to be . 
- Hubert H . Humphrey 
The right word may be effective , but no word was ever as effective as a rightly timed pause . 
I will never forget the day the Eagle Cried , 9/11/2001 , let us all remember , not to hate , but to remind us what hate can do . 
n science , ' fact ' can only mean ' confirmed to such a degree that it 
would be perverse to withhold provisional assent . ' I suppose that apples 
might start to rise tomorrow , but the possibility does not merit equal 
time in physics classrooms . 
- Stephen Jay Gould 
There is absolutely no inevitability as long as there is a willingness to contemplate what is happening . 
- Marshall McLuhan 
Great benefit last night ... Cancer Sucks , Music Rocks ... If you missed it this year , rumor is they are going to do it again one more time next year ... All the bands were great and once again , First and Finished ROCKED ! 
I may not have gone where I intended to go , but I think I have ended up where I needed to be . 
Welcome from Minneaplois 
Finally back , sort of , from a whirlwind trip to Chicago . Don't miss noise for the needy tomorrow nigh . 
Loving our new puppy , and her willingness to wake me up to go potty . 
Suppose you were an idiot and suppose you were a member of Congress . But I repeat myself . 
Hold on to what is good , even if it's a handful of earth . Hold on to 
what you believe , even if it's a tree that stands by itself . Hold on to 
what you must do , even if it's a long way from here . Hold on to your 
faith , even if it's easier to let go . Hold on to God's hand . 
You must learn from the mistakes of others . You can't possibly live long enough to make them all yourself . 
Sleep , what a fleeting concept ... 
A magician pulls rabbits out of hats . An experimental psychologist pulls habits out of rats . 
He has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire . 
- Sir Winston Churchill 
Sleep deprivation prior to a big presentation , thankfully it's at noon , so it shouldn't be too bad . 
Look wise , say nothing , and grunt . Speech was given to conceal thought . 
- Sir William Osler 
I'm dream of a White New Year ... 
Ugh A goldfish has a memory span of about 3 seconds , that beats me by about 2 . 
6 days to Daytona ... Let's go racing ! 
Happy New Year to all ! At the dawn of the new year , I'd like to ask all of my friends to pause , just before midnight say a prayer , for all of us . May we and all those we know be healthy and safe in this new year . May our leaders , and the leaders of other countries find wisdom , and guide the world to a better tomorrow . 
You lost your mind on a tightrope 
Nothing is more conducive to peace of mind than not having any opinions at all . 
- Georg Christoph Lichtenberg 
A snowy Sunday , perfect excuse for some football 
The worst moment for the atheist is when he is really thankful and has nobody to thank . 
- Dante Gabriel Rossetti 
I believe in the right to keep and bear arms . One Face-Booker has challenged all gun owners to put this on their wall . The Supreme Court of the United States has affirmed that the right to keep and bear arms is a fundamental right of the individual . If you believe in the 2nd Amendment and you are not afraid to show it , re-post this !!! I hope to see this re-posted a lot by my friends ! 
The reason lightning doesn't strike twice in the same place is that the same place isn't there the second time . 
- Willie Tyler 
A car traveling 100 mph would take more than 29 million years to reach the nearest star . A car traveling 200 mph would only take 24 minutes to reach Golden , then I'd have a commute time like everyone else ... and fun on top or that ! Hey Hey Mr. Policeman .... 
A psychiatrist is a fellow who asks you a lot of expensive questions your wife asks for nothing . 
- Joey Adams 
For most folks , no news is good news ; for the press , good news is not news . 
- Gloria Borger 
2 is not equal to 3 , not even for large values of 2 . 
- Grabel's Law 
Sheet rock is a lot heavier than I remember from 10 years ago . 
Well , 2:51 am and here I sit ... guess that new sleep med doesn't work so well . 
Attention all drivers ... Jacob got his license Friday ! 
The trouble with having teenager's , and early dark mornings is selecting the right pair of dark shoes 
All human situations have their inconveniences . We feel those of the present but neither see nor feel those of the future ; and hence we often make troublesome changes without amendment , and frequently for the worse . 
- Benjamin Franklin 
Careful . We don't want to learn from this . 
- Bill Watterson 
He's turned his life around . He used to be depressed and miserable . Now he's miserable and depressed . 
- David Frost 
- Thomas Carlyle 
For a successful technology , reality must take precedence over public relations , for Nature cannot be fooled . 
- Richard Feynman 
Forget what lies behind you , Heaven walks beside you . You've got to give it one more try , one more time . You just keep on reaching . 
Micheal W . Smith 
Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom , must , like men , undergo the fatigues of supporting it . 
Thomas Paine , September 11 , 1777 
So , when you're on your camel , in the desert , in Saudi Arabia there are solar-powered pay phones in the desert . They're smart enough not to use their own oil 
If someone with multiple personalities robs a bank who is charged with the crime ? 
" If you cannot convince them , confuse them . " 
-- Harry S Truman 
" Laughing at our mistakes can lengthen our own life . Laughing at someone else's can shorten it . " 
-- Cullen Hightower 
Vision is the art of seeing the invisible . 
Johnathan Swift 
It's amazing , 10 years of war cost less than the bailout of some of the richest people in America . 
" The only thing that saves us from the bureaucracy is inefficiency . An efficient bureaucracy is the greatest threat to liberty . " 
-- Eugene McCarthy 

I think Obama and Congress have that one covered , we should be safe from bureaucracy the rest of our lives . 
" There is an evil tendency underlying all our technology - the tendency to do what is reasonable even when it isn't any good . " 
-- Robert Pirsig 
Today's scientists have substituted mathematics for experiments , and they wander off through equation after equation , and eventually build a structure which has no relation to reality . " 
-- Nikola Tesla 
Wondering what happened to sleep . 
" Ninety percent of the politicians give the other ten percent a bad reputation . " 
-- Henry Kissinger 
-Unknown : " Want to make your computer go really fast ? Throw it out a window . " 
It is a shame that we couldn't get Bin Laden alive . A trial , would have provided more closure to the families affected by him . Making Bin Laden a martyr may not be the best thing we could have done . 
" Any American who is prepared to run for president should automatically , by definition , be disqualified from ever doing so . " 
-- Gore Vidal 
" Even if you're on the right track , you'll get run over if you just sit there . " 
-- Will Rogers 
There never seems to be enough time to do the things you want to do when you have money . There never seems be be enough money when you have the time to do the things you want to do . 
" There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all . " 
-- Peter Drucker 
