New Year's resolutions ... why wait until January ? Screw that , December is MY month ! I will exercise daily . I will not fall asleep randomly without brushing teeth ( eww ) . I will clean my room weekly . I will not save files with names like ' adsvdsq . ' I will finish all tasks by 75% of the deadline . And for motivation , I will move $100 from my checking to my savings account each time I fail ! Go go self-improvement ! 
Baking in my room . TT 
Yay ! Left my flash drive inside a computer in a PACKED math lab yesterday . Called the office today and asked them to check and it was still there ! Now I can go back to sleep ; woke up early to call them before anyone found it . Zzzz 
You know in Spiderman where he wakes up , puts on his glasses and realizes he doesn't need them anymore ? Yeah , I had that today then I realized I had my contacts on . -.- 
I just had a dream that combined The Grudge + Twilight + Harry Potter + Pokemon . Malfoy had unsealed the Grudge demon from within Bella and Bulbasaur and Jigglypuff had to save the world . WTF ? That doesn't even make sense . 
has been awake for way too long , listening to music way too loudly . 
woke up laughing after thinking in my dream " Good thing zombies are so slow ... " , then a zombie drives by in a car screaming " NOT IF WE LEARNED HOW TO DRIVE " , and promptly crashes into a wall . :D 
/facepalm , the person who last used this book underlined all the bold words ... WHY ?! Well , that's what you get for 5% retail price . >>; 
IT'S 4M AND I'VE BEEN LYING IN BED FOR 2 HOURS . RAAAGEE 
Need a topic for my second UC prompt . Describe me in one word . GO ! 
Free shipping is my downfall . 
Made the UC App my homepage to stop me from procrastinating . Wait . Why am I here . AHHHH * deletes all bookmarks * 
Internet downtime , ending procrastination since 1996 . 
bought so many things during Cyber Monday , he's memorized his credit card number . :/ 
just got a new chair . I don't know what " passive lumbar support " means , but damn does it feel good . 
I hate you lab write-ups . 
Dilemnia : It's 3am and I wanted to blast music through my speakers . >:[ 
heard someone at home depot ask a worker for " that thing that makes holes ' n shit . " LOL 
passed out while reading about narcolepsy yesterday ... 
Damn sense , always getting in my way . 
Came 45minutes late to C++ final , still finished before everyone else . :D 
Buckyballs , I want my 6 hours back . >.> 
pain is painful . 
went to a run down dollar store and it was playing Pachelbel's " Canon in D . " I laughed the entire time I was in there . :D 
Spent the last 2 hours sitting in the dark happily listening to music way too loudly at 6am :) 
It's 6am and I can't sleep cause I just finished ordering parts for a new computer . Too excited . I'm nerdy , AND WHAT ? D: 
saw " IN TRANSIT TO ONTARIO , CA " on my tracking information and thought " WHY IS IT GOING TO CANADA ?! " Who knew there was a city named Ontario in California ? : x 
Computer case coming from South LA . Everything else coming from Tennesee . I get to stare at the case and do nothing with it for 4 days . O ' Newegg , why art thou so cruel ? D: 
Mom just found out I'm an atheist and is trying to convert me . Ahahaha 
7:15 chem classss , dieee D: * collapse on floor * zzzzzzzzzzzz 
Normal night's sleep : 7hr , normal shower : 15min , teeth brushing : 2min , mouthwash : 30s , normal breakfast : 10 min . PowerNap " : 45min , abbreviated shower : 2minutes , brushing teeth WITH mouthwash : 1min , slice of bread : 30s . Increased efficiency : 983.8% 
Just realized , before we needed to use a phoneline to get online , now we're in the transition of needing to be online to use the phone . It's like ... the certain of life or something . o.o 
is craving mochi ._. 
SOMEONE ENTERTAIN ME 
Nurses in the hospital kept asking me where my parents were , one even thought I was 15 . ._. Do I really look that kiddy ? 
packaging peanutsssss 
' s room still has that new computer smell . Or that could be fire and burning plastic . Let's hope it's the former . 
Needs a buddy at 4am . Silly diurnal people . 
New bluetooth stereo headset came , yay . 
Toyota recalls > 7.0 Haiti Earthquake . Honda Recalls > 8.8 Chile Earthquake . Nissan Recalls > 6.4 Taiwan Earthquake . COINCIDENCE ? I think not . 
spent an hour failing to catch a stray kitten yesterday . ): 
DIRECTLY PROPORTIONAL 
went to class late for the first time in a while . Walked in to see '' Physics 2 lab is canceled today . '' AWESOME :D 
Digital wallclock : Sets DST via Satellite . Computer : Sets DST via Internet . Cellphone : Sets DST via T-mobile . Alarm Clock : Me waking up one hour late . 
had a dream he beat Microsoft Window's . I REALLY need a new game to play ... 
It's 5am , yayyy 
Sandy Liu just beat me at scrabble with the word ' poop ' -_____-;; 
Tip of the Day : Don't bring Listerine to a boil . 
Weather forecasts says Thursday and the rest of the week will be 15 degrees cooler than the previous few days . Yayyy :D 
So I , uh , accidentally made a live circuit . And a battery exploded . How the eff did I make a complete circuit without realizing it . lmao 
Anyone want to order today's Woot with me to save on shipping ? 
Finally have HP 1-6 in 1080p . Only took about a month ... 
is in a good mood despite only having slept 2hours and has a homework assignment due in an hour . I think someone is sneaking uppers in my food ' cause my persistent happiness can't be natural . :D :D 
No one go to Dr. Robert Chan in Alhambra . RUDEST OPTOMETRIST EVER . Stupid asshole . I hope he goes blind in a tragic twist of irony . Bastard -___________________________- 
Bought my first green shirt ever . D: 
So my mom walked into my room " Hey CVS were giving out these free samples , but I don't know what they are ? " " ... mom , those are tampons , shouldn't I be the one asking you ? " " OH " * runs out of room * 
wants to dress up . ): 
Linear algebra final in 7 hours and I've been playing tetris for the last 3 . Looool >_> 
Holy butthole it's cold outside . 
Big bowl of honey nut Cherrios and the newest episode of Burn Notice . :D 
Selling my gaming desktop : Intel i5 750 2.66 GHz Quad-Core , 4GB DDR3 1600 RAM ( 2x2GB ) ( 2/4 slots used ) , 500GB 7200RPM , 1GB Geforce GTS 250 256-bit , 74-in-1 Card Reader , CD/DVD Burner , 6x USB , 2x PS/2 , 802.11 b/g/n Wireless-N 300Mbps capability 

Decided to get a laptop instead since I don't game much anymore . Built this in FEBRUARY of THIS YEAR for $800+ , well kept , practically new . Contact me for more details/pricing . 
Bought 40 shares of NVDA for 12.25 , 60 more for 12.75 and sold all for 13.50 . :D Beginner's luck ? 
Wtf , I was in the botanical garden and a squirrel jumped onto and off my head and into a scrub . Damn UCLA squirrels . 
Gloomy weather :D :D :D 
IT'S PI TIME ! Why can't I sleep like a normal person ? 
Anyone down for a game of Scrabble ? Facebook chat me ! :P 
Now has 3 mice , 2 keyboards , 2 screens for one computer , lol . 
There's a calm surrender to the rush of day 
http://www.newsweek.com/ 
Up up down down left right left right b a enter 
Anyone have or know someone who has the books for Chem 20A with Scerri ? $400 for two books , gtfo . 
Seemed to have magically lost my house keys the night before moving into my apartment ... 
According to my doctor , I'm semi-flat footed . This means my feet look everyone else's , but they're more fluid with my movements and don't hold their shape like normal people's while I'm walking , making me a light stepper . Or in his words , " You're kind of like an undercover ninja . " 
Reviewed yesterday's linear algebra midterm in discussion ... First 4 problems I got right , last problem I wrote {[ 1 1 0 0 ] , [ 0 1 1 0 ] , [ 0 0 1 1 ] , [ 0 0 0 1 ]} when the answer was {[ 1 1 0 0 ] , [ 0 1 1 0 ] , [ 0 0 1 1 ] , [ 1 0 0 0 ]} . ): It was part a ) . of a 4 part problem worth 30/100pts , omggg . /ragequit 
It's amazing how much one textbook can contibute to making your backpack feel like a BLOCK OF CONCRETE . 
Just remembered when I was a kid I used to think " big smile " was synonymous with " show all your teeth . " Explains a lot of my elementary school yearbook photos ... LOL 
Okay . So if we assume the average sized pool is 12 " x18 " x8 " , and a very loosely crumpled $1 bill is 1 cubic inch , it will cost aproximately $3M to fill said pool . <=== NEW GOAL IN LIFE 
Free large 1 topping pizza coupon code " HE " from Pizza Hut . 1hour before Pizzahut closes . Gogo :p 
Anyone want to buy an old desktop computer in good working order for a double digit price ? 
1.7 GHz Pentium 4 , 256MB RAM , 40GB Hard Drive with ( equally old ) mouse/keyboard ( no screen/speakers ) . 
This computer is suited for word processing , web browsing , checking email , etc . Will not be very useful for graphics editing , gaming or other memory , processor or graphics intensive activities . 
Just opened a stock trading account . Goal : Not lose money . HERE WE GO ! 
Where is everyone at 5:15 am ._. 
I finished 7 of 8 problems and 5/6 parts of the 8th problem of my final exam in 1hr20 . Question 4 , part c took me 1hr35 . It was worth 3/120 pts . /facepalm 
3rd night in a row waking up around midnight . 
How long I brush my teeth : Normal Day - 2 minutes , Big Day - 3 minutes , Just before dental appointment - 5minutes+ 
Going to a 24/7 Ralph's at 5am is hilarious , its restocking time and there are boxes EVERYWHERE . I noticed a box flying around in another aisle , I went to look and caught two workers in a box fight , LOL . 
BRAIN NUMB e_O 
Why does everyone think I'm Korean ??? 
Oceans apart , day after day ?? 
I wanted 21 units this quarter . The Microeconomic Theory class I needed was canceled . 2/3 sessions of Analysis are full and the open one collides with Probability Theory . Applied Numercial Methods was the first class I signed up for but had to drop it to hold Probability Theory since that was the more important class . Now my second pass is coming and I only have 9 units and no classes to add . FFFFfffffffffffffff . 
lalala4amlalala 
Tina Tran is a stalker . Saw her in her car RIGHT behind me at Westwood . 
I swear I just saw a dog look left , right , then left again at a stop sign before crossing . 
Holy CRAP . Here I thought all those washing machine mishaps on TV was exaggerated for comic effect . It was like a miniture earthquake , jebus . If it doesn't fit in the machine , do TWO loads , David . 
Just realized the significance of my apartment lease starting on July 4th . lol 
Holy crap . I just took a shower with mouthwash in one of those " I wonder what would happen if ... " moments . Now I'm minty fresh and tingly all over . Do it . Now . You know you want to . 
Wow , awesome . Woke up to about $500 fradulent charges on my credit card . Called Chase and had card number canceled and new card coming in 5 minutes . I LOVE YOU CHASE . 
;_; UCLA behavioral studies has a study where they pay you $10 to play with the Wii for an hour and I have classes during all the open time slots . Life is cruel . 
Decided to take Chem 20A over Physics 4 because I didn't want to deal with light and waves . I forgot that was in 20A too , fffffffff . 
Splice is messed up . o.o 
sometimes , I just want to copy someone else's status word for word just to see if they would notice ... lol 
Moment of awesome timing : Dad hands me a package in the mail and says " Where's my present ? You know today's my birthday . " The package was the sandals on sale last week that weren't in my size so I got one for him instead . HAHA 
My mom just walked into my room while I had ' God Must Have Spent a Little More Time On You ' by ' N Sync on . It was at the line " Your love is like a secret I never COULD KEEP " Mom : " Why are you listening to songs about cookies ? " 
HAHAHA 
I had a dream I woke up as Harry Potter and some kid was stealing my CaptnCrunch . So I turn them into bees and made it chase after him . 
Don't mess with my CaptnCrunch . 
So like , at 6am in the morning this was my train of thought : 
" Hmm , I should really study for my final tomorrow ... or I can dig a giant hole in my front yard and make a pond with fencing for my turtle ! Yes , the second one sounds a lot better . " Hi , I'm David and I'm procrastinaholic . 
What's with all the earthquakes ? D: The world's gonna asplode . 
O___O In 9 hours from now , I'LL BE FREEEEE . 
Waking up at 1am : Where your sleep schedule has gone so bad , you're almost normal again . 
Dexter season finaleeeee D: 
I think I just skewed a psychological study , lol . It was about the self-esteem and self-perception of transfer students in the atmosphere of a prevailing negative stereotype . I was not aware of this stereotype , I just answered all the questions like I owned the school , hahaha . 
All 3 Debt management tests taken , AlcoholEdu done , MPN signed , BruinCard activated , BruinDirect set up , and it's not even 3 o'clock :D ! 
So many earthquakes ... mass UFO sightings in China , and to top it all off , my ice maker is out of ice . IT'S THE END OF THE WORLDDD 
Would anyone like to buy one or two 2GB sticks of DDR3 1066MHz -Laptop- RAM for $15 each ? I'll help install ! Most laptops/netbooks in the last year or two are DDR3 compatible . ( Most laptops have all memory slots filled , but if you have a netbook with 1GB or a laptop with 2GB , swapping them out for these will be a noticeable upgrade ! :D ) 
I just had a dream someone told me the universe was going to end on a Monday at 9AM in the year 8623 . I asked what happens after . He said that was a nonsensical question because information and knowledge after doesn't/can't exist . I asked " But isn't knowing that you can't know anything after that event , in of itself knowing of something ? " He said " Well shit . " Then I woke up . I think I just pwned my subconscious . LOL 
Just spent 5 minutes trying to remove a background spot in Photoshop and it was a blob of dirt on my computer screen . -___________- 
Missed out on $900 because I sold a stock 2 days too early . /ragequitslife 
A pencil just fell on my head . 
I know , I'm confused too . 
Why haven't they engineered strawberries the size of grapefruits yet ? 
You know you're too tall when you almost chip a tooth because you were finishing off a drink while walking through a doorway and the bottom of the cup hits the top of the door frame . -____- 
Seen too many sunrises lately . What's the equivilant of fiber for sleep ? I need more regularity ! 
July 4th is the best day to shoot someone if you're lacking a silencer . >:D 
Stupid Time Warner , time for an angry phonecall and ask for partial refund/rate reductions 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone and thanks Tracy Le , Richard D . Chhan , Heng Kim , Lisa Quach , and George Luong for dropping by ! :D 
Having a 4'11 '' mother is really useful for '' establishing '' a spot near the front of the line for black friday when you come late . :D 
I was gonna take apart an old DVD burner to harvest the laser diode . But then I saw the Class 1 Laser sticker on the outside . WEAK SAUCE . LOST INTEREST . 
Stabbed my left index finger washing dishes , chopped my left thumb cutting oranges and burnt my right thumb lighting candles today ! It's okay , I got 7 left . 
I use the computer too much ... my mouse finger is callused ... 
When you're sneaking around the house at night and realize you don't need to turn the lights on anymore because the sky is lightening , you know your sleep schedule is messed up ( again ) . 
" Your Perkins loan obligation will be canceled in 
full if you become permanently and 
totally disabled , or if you die . " 
Uhh , thanks ? 
I wonder if you can blind flies with lasers ... 
Found some gum in a bag I haven't touched since the Mammoth trip I went on like 2yrs+ ago . Tastes fine ! 
/dies in the morning 
" Keyboard error ! Press F4 to continue . " 
Screw you . 
is wearing his D.A.R.E. shirt he just found from 5th grade . 
* Flashback 10 years * 
" Why is your shirt so baggy ? " 
" Iunno , I just got a size way too big for me so I can't outgrow it . " 
HAHA , good job 11-year old David . 
OMG , Burn Notice started again 2 weeks ago and I didn't know . I confused its date with White Collar . :( 
Tina ( 10:54:01 PM ): explore your own pants more ? 
Found an old set of speakers ... They're fine until I make physical contact with them . If I do , they start playing a Korean radio station . D: 
Been a pyromaniac for so many years and my first second degree burn is from oil . * headdesk * 
Just got my Seagate drive from Amazon shipped in a Western Digital box . Lolwut ? 
Just had a zombie apocalypse dream . I was hunkered down at home . I hired some Mexicans to pave my driveway apparently . A zombie came to pry off my backdoor ( idk why it ignored the workers ) . I yelled at one of them through the window " KILL IT ! KILL " and he looked confused , then I was like " MATAR . " He replied " oh , matar ,... okay I matar , " and he went and beat the crap out of it with a shovel . My dreams are racist . LOL 
had 3 slices of bread left . Was going to make one whole sandwich and one folded half sandwich . Then I realized I could just make one 3 layer sandwich . Whoaaaaa . 
I'm not high , I swear . 
I'M CRAVING BASS D:< ( The sound , not the fish . ) 
Was in the shower when I noticed it's really hard to breathe while having your hands over your face and water flowing down . Then I realized I was basically mildly waterboarding myself , so I tried to see if I could get used to it . But I stopped when I realized that the reflex to not breathe underwater was probably a reflex I'd want to keep . 
Weather is icky . Icky icky icky ); 
My teacher said the determinant function was antisymetrical because det(A , B ) = -det(B , A ) . The whole time I was laughing thinking he said the determinant is a Nazi . :| 
Just came home and opened my window wide to let the hot air out in my house on a poorly-lit hill on a dead-end street and am about to go take a shower with music on . I hope there aren't any serial killers lurking about ! 
I never felt like a giraffe until today when I went fruit picking with my parents and neighbors . " Wow , he can reach the fruits all the way up there ! " 
My Math 115a textbook came . It's all words and equations . THERE'S NO PICTURES . OMG . I could feel myself falling asleep after the first 2 sentences . /quit 
I had the oompa loompa song stuck in my head when I woke up ... 
Oompa loompa doop pa dee dee .. 
" Cheese flavored Ocean Creatures " lol @ ripoffs . 
... who wants to explain this to me ? I didn't understand it all 3 times I've " learned " it , in AP Calc AB , BC at Lincoln or Calc 3 in college , lol . 
Let f be a function defined on some open interval that contains the number a , 
except possibly at a itself . Then we can say that the limit of f(x ) as x 
approaches a is L if for every number ? > 0 there is a number ? > 0 such that |f(x ) - L| < ? whenever 0 < |x - a| < ?. 
My brain hurts . 
Wtf , I just caught myself counting " 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 6 , 11 , 8 , 12 , 9 , 10 . " I wonder how long have I been counting like this ... 
Merry Christmas everybody !! :D 
http://www.moviewallpaper.net/wpp/The_Day_After_Tomorrow_Wallpaper_3_800.jpg Wtf , two days ago it hit a record high in Los Angeles and now it's cold and raining . Who else has watched The Day After Tomorrow ? 
CAN'T . LIFT . RIGHT . ARM . 
Did you know you can play snake if you pause a youtube vidoe and hold down the left arrow key ?!?! 
Lisa : Gary Liu is in .. 
Lisa : shang hai right now 
Me : o.o 
Lisa : heng dropped him off at airport last night 
Lisa : i dont know wut hes doing there 
Lisa ( 1:05:51 PM ): maybe looking for foreign wife 
Me ( 1:05:51 PM ): chinese hookers 
Me : LOL 
Lisa : LOL 
Has a strange urge to watch Boy Meets World . 
Got my laptop . :D 
So I bought 1 big box of pasta for $0.88 ... the Ralphs register spit out a coupon for $1 off two ... Bought 2 more boxes for $0.76 and it spit out a coupon for $2 off three . Bought 3 for $0.64 and it spit out another $2 coupon ... I WANT TO GO BACK BUT THE CASHIERS GIVING ME WEIRD LOOKS . 
Lol @ the " See Friendship " button . Facebook : Making it easier to stalk people since 2004 . 
Is it just me or is everyone on my FB list waking up late today and then saying so on facebook ? 
Completely unrelated : Good morning ! 
NOOOOOO 
Saw a little boy and girl have a contest to see who can knock down a teddy bear from the top shelf by throwing plastic bags at them first . They were trying for a while , each time waiting patiently for the bag to float back down to them to try again . Normal person would have thought this was cute , I on the other hand thought " these children have no understanding of the concept of inertia . " 
pew pew pew 
This weather = rediculous . 
I have not slept before 6am for the last 5 days . 
... 
D:< 
Sandy Liu and Protiva Khan throw a great party ! :D Thanks guys . 
4th day of my upper division linear algebra class and I learned about what natural numbers , integers , real numbers and complex numbers were ! /headdesk 
If you are what you eat then Voldemort is a unicorn . 
Jennifer : yeast infection 
Me : damnit jennifer 
Me : how many times have i told you , bread is not a proper substitute for tampons 
Me : no matter how well it works for soup 
Jennifer : haha 
Jennifer : well i THOUGHT the yeast was killed in the oven 
Out of context ftw . 
Why the hell did I buy a 2TB hard drive ... Damn you Slickdeals . 
Ice cream at 3am in 48F weather . :D 
For instant sexy time , open the following 3 links in different tabs . 
http://www.rainymood.com/ 
http://www.endlessyoutube.com/watch?v=HMnrl0tmd3k 
http://www.endlessyoutube.com/watch?v=DIx3aMRDUL4 
I was clearing out my laptop bag and took out my stapler , pens , calculator , textbook ; kept the bulky 6ft HDMI cable , ' cause you'll never know when an emergency situation where you need high definition audio visual output will arise . 
" Close your eyes and get in the bedroom . " - Protiva Khan 
Pfft , context , no one needs that . 
Alone in Ackerman at 1am doing math homework ... Even the janitors aren't here . 
Dude , you can download everything you've ever done on Facebook . All wall posts , all photos , all " Likes , " EVERYTHING . Account > Account Settings > Download Your Information . 4 years on facebook condensed down to a 5mb file . ): I feel so insignificant . 
Just remembered about Zombieland and now I'm craving a Twinkie .___. 
You know how you study for a test , and most of the things on the test were things you didn't study for ? Yeah , that happened . 
Good thing I didn't study the easy things . Score ! 
Why is UCLA Wi-Fi so slow today ? ): 
One of the kids in my linear algebra class asked the teacher about linear maps by talking about the two vector spaces with arrows going into the other one . And my teacher responds , " OH , the blobs ? " whilst making the grabbing gesture with his hands . 
... lol 
" Yin needs yang , not another yin . ' Yin-yang ' is harmony . ' Yin-yin ' is ... a name for a panda . " 
Just caught myself singing " Casper the friendly snowman , had a very shiny nose . " WTF 
Rainnnn :D 
Happy New Years everybody ! Time for a few months of writing 2010 on applications and classwork . 
Geeze , just saw the Bruin Bear statue out the corner of my eye and I thought it came to life ' cause legs were moving . Someone was just walking behind it . -.-;; 
Lol @ the sudden surge of people playing snake . 
I just plugged in a USB cord into my Ethernet port and wondered why my external wouldn't connect . 
Just finished cleaning the cieling . I never did do that whole baking soda vinegar volcano thing when I was a kid ... Pouring half a cup of baking soda into a bottle of vinegar is probably overkill . :D 
Wtf , Godiva sent me the email " No coal this year ! Buy 3 stocking stuffers , get one free ! " Are they suggesting we should punish people with their chocolate ? Marketing fail . lol 
Oh god , 12 lectures to watch for Chem 20A . 
Who's going to visit Lincoln tomorrow ? :D 
Back at apartment ! Oh 3MB/s internet , how I've missed you . 
Tracy Le I'm not gonna be able to climb the stairs on OHRC tomorrow . 
OMG D: 
Burn Notice season finale has the most horrible cliffhanger EVER . And it's not restarting for at least 6 months . 
... 
/cry 
Day after birthday = CAKE FOR BREAKFAST . 
Omg Burn Notice prequel movie is coming out . :O 
I get " A fascinating foursome for you " in an email and it turns out to be book suggestions from an online book store . 
Just woke up from one of my " naps " to Need You Now - Lady Antebellum on Valentine's day . A quarter -'til- one , SO CLOSE . lol 
This was a good week , my face has been tired from smiling and laughing so much the entire time . Awesome friends , you know who you are . :D 
Sorry guys , clicked a bad link , fixing it now . 
Should be studying for math midterm but is blasting 90's pop instead . Sorry neighbors . :D 
While folding laundry : " Wth ? I don't remember owning anything like this , how do you even wear it ? I don't see any sleeves . Oh . It's a pillow case . " 
I like how that UCLA survey went from $5 for completing it to a chance to win free food for a month , lmao . 
I had a dream I saw a pregnant woman smoking and I went up to her and knocked the cigarette out of her hand . Then she was like " I'm not pregnant you jerk . " HAHA . Awkward dreams . 
Anyone still in Westwood feel like watching a horror movie tonight at say 7ish at my apartment ? I'm in the mood for one with tomorrow being a rainy day and all . :D 
Other people's moms might get angry when their kid's friends bring over alcohol . Mine brings out a bottle opener . :) 
Been asleep more then I've been awake since Wednesday . :D 
Number of people on Facebook is directly proportional to quantity of imminent important tests . 
