God doesn’t give the people you want . He gives you the people you need , to help you , to hurt you , to leave you , to love you , and to make you into the person you were meant to be . 
Wish heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again . I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , from which I'll never part . God has you in his arms . I have you in my heart - Re-post if you love someone in heaven 
When I was a kid I didn't have an Xbox or a Wii . I had a bike and a curfew , the street lights . My mom didn't call my cell , she yelled outside , " time to come in " . I played outside with my friends , not online . If I didn't eat what mom made me , then I didn't eat . Hand sanitizer didn't exist , but you could get your mouth washed out with soap . Re-post if you drank water out of a hose ... and survived !! 
Okay I have places to go , things to do and people to torment so I'll be back to deal with you later ... 
I would like to challenge 1 mil people on Facebook to send me $1 this month ! I don't think you have it in you but you can prove me wrong by sending that dollar 
The commercial says " when you smile .. the world smiles back " How come when I smile people think I'm up to no good ?? 
Dear Lord , Allah , Buddha , etc ... please grant me the tolerance to deal with stupid people and help hide the bodies of the ones who truly piss me off . Amen . 
Opportunity tends to knock once , then it's gone ... temptation , however , likes to stand there and lean on the damn doorbell ! 
To My Children : I am your friend . I am your Mother . I will stalk you , flip out on you , lecture you , drive you insane , be your worst nightmare & hunt you down like a bloodhound when needed because I LOVE YOU ! When you understand that , I will know you are a responsible adult . You will NEVER find anyone who loves , prays , cares and worries about you more than I do ! 
Re-post if you are a parent and agree 
If roses grow in heaven lord , then pick a bunch for me . Place them in my Dad's arms and tell him they're from me . Tell him that I love and miss him , and when he turns to smile , place a kiss upon his cheek and hold him for awhile . Happy Father's Day , Dad ! I love and miss you !!!! 
I wish I could rewind my life back to the last time I saw you . Just one more hug and one more chance to tell you how much I love you . Thank you dad . 
I held your hand as you took your last breath , I hope I only made you feel comfort & peace in your journey to become my guardian angel . I love you with all my heart . Happy Father's Day to the best man there ever was or will ever be . I miss you Daddy ! 
Lord what I'd give just for a glimpse into the Heavens ... just to see his new body , him walking next to you with no more suffering and pain ... I love and miss you Daddy !!! 
A million times I've needed you , a million times I've cried , if love could have saved you , you never would have died . 
Dad , I wish heaven had a phone , so I could hear your voice again . I wish heaven had stairs , so I could come and see you and hug you again . Love you always . RIP . 
My Dad , My Hero , My Guardian Angel , My Friend . I miss you each and every day and I am sending my love up to you in heaven . 
If I have to put on my Big Girl Panties one more time this week , the elastic is going to snap and I'm really going to have to show my ass ! 
just realized that after Sunday , Monday , & Tuesday , the calendar says W.T.F. ! LOL . Just saying ... 
Why do I have to go to work again today ? I just went yesterday ! 
Word of the Day : Cranial Rectitis : A condition noted by behaving in an obnoxious manner as to have ones head up their ass . Far too many people had this today . 
Heading to that place that makes me do things for money . Like smile at unfriendly people , and hold my breath in awe of stupidity !! 
when you meet me you think I'm quiet , when you talk to me you wish I was quiet , when you know me you get scared when I'm quiet . :D 
" On the journey of life , I chose the psychopath . " ..... hahahaha .. and loving every minute of it ! 
SOME OF YOU ARE ON MY FRIENDS LIST AS A RESULT OF ME NEEDING NEIGHBORS FOR GAMES . NOW YOU ARE HERE , I AM GLAD TO COUNT YOU NOT ONLY AS A GOOD NEIGHBORS BUT AS FRIENDS . LET SEE WHO ACTUALLY PAYS ATTENTION , COPY THIS AS YOUR STATUS , JUST FOR A MINUTE . I WILL BE WATCHING TO SEE WHO REALLY DOES CHERISH GOOD NEIGHBORS ... AND AWESOME FRIENDS !!! 1 ? 
My curfew was lightning bugs/street lights . My parents didn't call my cell , they yelled my name . I played outside with friends , not online . If I didn't eat what mom cooked , then I didn't eat . Sanitizer didn't exist , but you COULD get your mouth washed out with soap . I road a bike without a helmet . Getting dirty was OK , and neighbors cared as much as my parents did . RE-POST if you drank from a garden hose & survived 
I am always an Angel , I just have EVIL moments ! 
says .. I have a BIG attitude & a QUICK brain attached to a SMART mouth ... I'm sure it all spells trouble ! 
Everyone has at least one mentally unstable friend ... I just happen to be that friend !!...... lol 
has been known to cause dizziness , confusion , heart palpitations , temporary insanity , mood swings , depression , and the giggles . Use with caution . 
Do not walk in front of me because I may not follow . Do not walk behind me because I may not lead . Just walk beside me and be my friend . <3 
Listening to Guns . N . Roses-Sweet Child O& #39 ; Mine on Hypster.com http://soc.li/uXaRcKJ 
Listening to Eminem - Love The Way You Lie ft . Rihanna on Hypster.com http://soc.li/up9PtSc 
To all my FB family and friends , I pray that you always find happiness <3 <3 <3 
