Tequila is not my friend 
couldn't be more excited 
is curious what else to do today 
is curious why people assume things . 
thinks he should look into a night job to be productive since I can't sleep 
needs to get going but has no desire 
is bored out of his mind wishing he was in stilly or doing something right now ! 
is enjoying the last boulevard wheat beer thanks Daryl . Thought this were gone yay me . 
had a totally awesome today today ! 
is up way to early 
is frustrated found out today he isn't leaving till week of the 17th but is getting a transmission for the camaro today . 
Doesn't want to go to work 
Is very disappointed that more people didn't show up for Kyles party 
is curious how many people care that i'm leaving soon 
is off to try to get a transmission again today . Hopefully I'll have more luck with it being ready . 
had an awesome time last night thanks for everyone that could make and the people who tried thanks . 
is curious if I'll get any decent amount of sleep tonight ? 
Does not want to go to work 
had a blast this weekend 
is curious if I'll get a job soon 
is heading back to claremore yay ! /sarcasm 
thinks blue nazi needs redbull badly ! 
is for sure leaving out the on the night of the 20th or that next morning early YAY ! 
is just a little bit happier . 
wants to stab facebook chat in the face ! 
is in stillwater then I'll be gone for awhile if you want to hangout you have 48 hours . 
wishes he was tired . Never should have laid down earlier damn it . 
Blue Nazi needs to go to bed badly 
Just drove the Camaro after putting a transmission in fucking WOOT ! 
needs to learn to sleep more 
hmm what to do ? 
fuck my cell phone company 
wonders why they give the guy with sleep issues the opening shift 
time for sleep . wondering what is goin to happen tomorrow ? 
TFLN :( 720 ): turns out Discover card thinks that if you spend $450 at four different liquor stores in one evening that the card " must have been stolen " Fucking awesome ! 
Thanks guys i'm having to charge my phone now 
feels like doing something but has no one to do anything with :( 
is going to waste this nice sunny day at work this blows 
is debating on what to do tonight I'm feeling antsy . 
is so tired of rain 
things got a little better 
might be going to see friends tonight text me for details 
believes he has a stalker . Great ! 
Woot 3am here I come 
wish I was tired opening is going to suck tomorrow . 
red tiki man needs enegry badly 
is having a productive day 
Had an interesting time in stilly 
I'm in stilly text me if you want to hangout 
Does want to work today . 
Hates waking up early some times 
loves working split shifts 
wishes things were easier to get done . 
is out like a fat kid in dodgeball . 
Its too cold damn it 
Someone shot me 
Being sick on thanksgiving totally blows . 
wishes I wasn't up with stomach pain 
Heading out of town for a week so if you need to get ahold of me then text me . I won't answer phone calls 
off to go play around with the car wish me luck hopefully I want get pulled over anytime soon . 
s enjoying the last boulevard wheat beer thanks Kyle . Thought this were gone yay me . 
First week of work done with time to drink beer yay ! I won't be on facebook much but if you need to get ahold of me or just want to entertain me most of you know my phone number texts only . Later . 
I forgot how much fun it is to fly 
Sorry guys I won't be coming home as soon as I thought . The job I've been waiting on has me going to Georgia tomorrow . 
oh yay ! to be bored again woot ! 
just tried geo caching its awesome 
Blue nazi to go to bed badly 
I wish I had a hammer to hit myself I the head to be that stupid . 
Is home time to fix my car . 
5 days 
Bout to play some call of duty you should too . 
is about to start is twelve hour long trek wish me luck and entertain me please 
Misses everyone 
Heading home tomorrow round 11 am I will need entertainment for the ride home . So please feel free text me 
2 days 
Not how I wanted to spend my day hopped up on meds 
I would like my Facebook friends to comment on this status , sharing how you met me . But I want you to LIE . That's right , just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status , so I can do the same . I bet half won't read the instructions right ! 
On my way to Dallas . 
Well hello Denver , didn't expect to see you so soon . 
Well just heard that there is a highway advisory stating wind blowing snow , bad visibility conditions . We're about to get into some shit ! WOOH ! 
About to get into the worst shit on the last leg 
Starting work tomorrow . Don't text me between 8-5 
So went out last night and the boss is saying I almost got him " kilt " . 
Is enjoy a nice relaxing scenic views Washington has to offer . 
Tired as hell , I feel like an old man keep going to sleep at nineish . 
Headed back home with Mike Toole . Woot ! Unfortunately three day drive . 
Well it's st. patty's day trouble here I come ! 
Did I mention whiny kids in public is really annoying . 
Tequila 
Steak for dinner I think so . 
Jimmy John's!!! 
Went Geocaching today had a lot of fun till we found a snake not even 10th from the cache . I'm DONE screw that ! 
I feel like a bum when I work 
Its going to be a good day 
All you can eat ribs ! OH YEA ! 
Bored tonight someone should entertain me 
Hmm I seem to be up really early compared to what I did last night 
Really tired of being overly nice to people and getting fuck over for it . 
Bored 
Dead nazi's hells yea 
Feelin good 
Hmm what to do tonight ? 
Today's forecast sunny with a chance of streaking 
Sweet this fat kid learned why I'm so skinny . Cause I love spicy food . 
Rock out with your cock out 
Pile built . Final preparations tomorrow . 
Oh HI ! Mr. Jager bottle how I've missed you ! 
On the bus headed to the airport . 
So apparently Denver parking maids don't know how to read a tag and don't even know the right violation to put on the ticket either . Idiots all of them . 
Found a job woot ! 
So camaro transmission is screwed headed to a dealership . 
Loves his parents alot . This is an interesting start to my weekend 
Is bored that is all 
Had a blast in Stillwater miss you guys 
Hates snow really hates snow 
Only exception . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DqTnesnxqmQ&feature=youtube_gdata_player 
Sitting at the hotel waiting to start the install . Held up by paper work not cool . 
Is tired of facebook fucking with his bookmarks ! 
Flying home now 
Today is going to be a great day ! 
About to hit the road 26 hour drive ahead of me . Woot not 
No more snow woot 
Waiting on my plane so I can fly home 
What else to do tonight 
FUCKING FUCK TODAY I DON'T GET PAID ENOUGH FOR THIS BULLSHIT ! 
Working for awhile so don't text me till after 5 Monday-Saturday . I'll update you guys when I'll be back home 
About to watch vampires suck ! 
On my way to San Antonio . Text me at nght if you need me 
Some shoot me and I need a beer ! 
Going through my stuff wondering what I should keep . Also there is a couch and red chair I have if anybody wants it . 
How hard is it to board a fucking plane really ? 
Finally in N.C. going to have a fun couple of days ahead . 
I'm in new Mexico and there is SNOW on the ground ! It's freaking 12 degrees ! 
Back is screaming . I need a massage . 
Time to go hangout with Kyle and Dani YAY ! 
About to head to N.C. for a week I'll be working please don't text . 
Can anything else go wrong today ! 
Flies out tomorrow . YAY ! 
Thanks everyone who wished me happy birthday . Headed out now wish me luck . 
Hmm stay at home or go out tonight and see what trouble I can get into , decision decision . 
I know supposedly it's going to snow a bunch but people there is no need to panic . Go to walmart and buy yourself bankrupt for food . Just cause you're too stupid to know how to drive in slick streets . 
Woohoo ! New Orleans , how do you like me now ? 
On the bus to head to the airport . I'll be working for the next 2-3 weeks . Text me after five please . 
Headed home a dat early yay ! 
I get to spend the night by myself again cause Melissa has to work . Oh yay ! 
Hello California furthest west I've ever gone 
Back at home to enjoy my weekend 
Colorado is not happy to see me . Tornado watches and bad thunderstorms . Hello Colorado !!! 
What's to know how you can live downtown and not have 12 mps Internet available . 
Fuck today this will probably suck 
Wants the dealership to get back to me already . 
" oh god now I got brain spatter all over me . " 
Really hates fucking teenagers . 
3 days till intermet woot ! 
Got some geo caching in today . It was fun 
Internet finally up and running . 
Thank you retards you ruined my Christmas . 
If they don't fix what's wrong with halo : reach multiplayer with this update . 
I'm fucking trading in for halo 3 where they don't fucked up weapons , melee , and favoritism for elites . 
It's just another day people . 
First night in New Orleans . This is going to be good night . 
Is bored and sore . I here by charge my friends to keep me entertained today . 
Just watched the worst fucking end I've ever seen . 
Can't wait for this job to be over 
About to kick my bosses ass in black ops 
In Arizona getting closer to home . 
I'll be in Orlando by tomorrow . Hmm wonder what kinda trouble I can get into ? 
I feel like having a jäger night ! 
Alright drive home will be long . Good scenery on the way expect pics . 
Out at sharkys if you want to come shoot some pool come on out . 
Nothing ever goes right 
Going out tonight this could be interesting . 
Go OSU ! keep me entertained win ! 
Ok correction I'm bruised pretty bad . Hurts to lift my left arm . 
Off work now what to do what to do ? 
Going to stilly today 
" if it takes a thousand years . " 
Wish my ankle didn't hurt 
Happy thanksgiving everybody 
Today blows 
Just now off work . Thank you retards for ruining my Sunday along with my Christmas . Im going to hurt people . 
Is bored and needs entertainment 
Wonders why I never got this app before 
Update look for me to be home roughly a week or less before christmas 
Screw today I'm going to hurt who ever made these beds 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XJm2qV34sU4&feature=youtube_gdata_player 
" Tell me when it's over wake me when I'm sober . Scars are too hard to hide . Should have know better . " 
Texas 
I will be free after dinner . I know it's Christmas eve but if you want to hangout with my let me know 
Well it looking like I might be home for Christmas by like the skin of my teeth . 
Today was a good day . I'm tired but we're done . Woot ! 
Well we have put in easily at least 40 hours in three days . Headed home tomorrow WOOHOO ! 
Who ever wished for this snow . I'm going to punt you to Alaska . 
Last night was awesome , tonight was fun . Up tomorrow get stuff ready hell I might even have the to work out . 
On my way to Dallas then to Orlando . 
Having fun playing cards with the nieces . 
has had a good christmas so far 
Ok news update . I head out tomorrow instead of Friday . Those of you who I didn't hangout with there is next time . 
Alright people if for some reason you here on the news crazy man went off the deep end . I settle your fears and warn you now its me . 
Is apparently a trouble maker . 
Rocking out with my cock out tonight ! 
Yay ! Worst day of the year coming up tomorrow . 
Think I might have found a new toy for myself . 
