making quizzes is confusing 
flying purple dog ! lol ! 
No one loves me on face book . :( 
Boo ! 
WAHHHHHHHH !!!!! RIP Robert Cordner , commonly known as my grandad . I am deeply upset and I need consolation ! 
Hrmmmmmmmm ....... I must be addicted to Linkin Park , I mean seriousky , I have 39 of their songs , and I listen to it most of the time .... 
there is nothing much on my mind , thankyou very much . 
bother 
goddamit , that was SUPPOSED to be a haiku . 
It's easier to run escape all the dead truths and find myself here 
We had a heart dissection in science on friday , and it really upset me , because had this vivid image of a heart stopping , and that reminded me of my grandad . I ran out of the room , crying my eyes out and sobbing loudly . 
I ams eatings a real big sammywitch . It is full of nummy things ! mmmmmmm 
My brain 
Hooray . Finally finished year 10 stage challenge . To Elise and evr1 else : Sorry . Thats it . 
if you ask me how i feel , I usually say ' I dunno ' but today , I'm really not sure . It's not like I was meditating at lunch again . but It's just wierd . Emotions are almost overrated unless they are needed . All I feel right now is love and well , I can't explain it . It's clear in my head , but not in my words . Nothing is really affecting me right now ... 
Where did you go ? 
When was the last time you appreciated someone you love ? well , you'd better start . you never know when they might go away forever 
If u people want me to add you on those wussy games like farmville and cafeworld , you'd better just accept my vampire wars invitation because I can't do anything until i have a bigger clan ! I'll come at you with my friggin ' vampiric claws if you're not careful ! 
It is new years eve and I am sitting in the study , eating my mcdonalds and getting ready to go back to my room to watch naruto . Best New Years Eve EVER ! 
I'm always getting caught in the crossfire ... 
It really hurts whn your friends don't tell you about their birthday parties and then you get told on the night and then your other friends are going and I wasnt even told . I feel like crying . The perpetrator is Maya Wilde , who could at least have told me that she could only invite so many people . : C 
Gah ! Christmas Cards hard ! 
found a TROLL in the dungeons , TROOOOOOOOOOOLL . Thought you ought to know . PS ERYN IS SO AWESOME . This is not a facebook hijack . Love from LEEELLEEEEE . ex oh ex oh . ERYN IS COOL . Prost . 
is it me or am I a facebook noob ? 
Why is the world so bloody unjust ???? 
Lillikaya is my real name . isn't that strange ...... 
Hello . I am really going insane ..... 
I got sunburnt . On my shoulders , and my back and every time I move or sit down I want to scream because my back rubs against the chair or my bed . Ow 
I just learnt how to do a major scale on an electric guitar without moving my hand . Don't I just rock ? 
I was watching Naruto Collection 13 and the guy who plays Sagi also voices Ichigo . WOO ! 
Ieyui Nobomenu Renmiri Yojuyogo Hasatekanae Kutamae 
okay , maybe i've changed my mind . 
I hate year eleven already . It is going to be a VERY slow year . 
I love vaelntines day ! it is so cute ! 
i'm never alone , as long as I have love in my heart and some sort of smile on my face 
I hate searching for weapon pieces . OFFICIALLY . 
Sigh . My ipod just went Spastic ! 
I swear I am addicted to Final Fantasy VIII . I'm looking up item locations for the final weapons and have been playing for over 30 hours in the last two days , from when I get up to going to sleep-it's crazy but I'm loving it because squall is Level 89 ! No wonder one of my nick names is Squallette . YAY ! 
thanks eryn , you're such a kind big sister . 
bangers and mash for tea , woop . 
Love is blind until it slaps you in the face with a large species of fish , or in my case , an awkward turtle 
Somewhere ... 
There's a place for us . 
Somewhere a place for us , peace and quiet and open air , wait for us somewhere . 
But the past is the past ... it's over , done with . 
Succumb to my hunger for the cerebral cortex ! 
I want to share my songs with the world . 
3 songs ready for youtube ! 
My daddy is from Paddington . 
He caught the train a lot , from the station . 
Curses , to those who are unwell . 
You passed on the infection ! I am NOT enjoying the symptoms , because I cannot sing , I cannot cough without pain throughout my chest , and I will miss out on athletics day because of it . 
DAMMIT I HATE BACTERIA 
o-o -oa-oa ! 
Chest infection . 
Every time I cough , I retch . Isn't life so wonderful ? 
Feels .. Delirious . 
my breath is short 
my throat is like sandpaper 
And the headache in my temples just won't stop . 
Just heard the amazing news . WELL DONE ONSLOW !!! I am very proud of every girl who now has no voice whatsoever from chanting . 
Whoever gave me this cold is not a very nice person . 
Mai nose , it feels like sandpapers . 
Poor Christchurch . It's not going to be nice news once it's all been cleared up . 
I've been watching the news for 3 hours now , the devastation in Christchurch is immense . 
People are being very nonchalant about the earthquake in Christchurch . The last one was bigger but there weren't any casualties . This time , people are dead . 2 buses were crushed by falling buildings , the CBD was heavily damaged , buildings have been razed to the ground . We should still be optimistic about those who may have survived , but right now , it's not something to joke about . 
For the first time in about two years , I got up at 7:30 
Waking the neighbourhood up by singing Florence + The Machine . 
" the STAARS the MOOON they have all been blown out ! " 
I just noticed that I have an extra graphics calculator . wtf . if any of my mates are missing one and shared one with me , tell me . 
Earthquake in house that has almost no solid foundations . 
D: 
I think Wellington might be next for a large earthquake , morbid as it sounds . 
The plates are shifting , and so are we . 
kicking an owl off a football field is lower than low . 
I just saw Mr Spence in town ! XP 
 = I never showed affection to anything but your ego .  = gotta love Parkway Drive . 
Note : do not read ' IT ' by Stephen King before sleeping . 
Peace is but a shadow of death , desperate to forget it's painful past . Though we hope for promising years after shedding a thousand tears , yesterday's sorrow constantly nears . And while the moon still shines blue , by dawn it will turn to scarlet hue . -Kuja , FFIX 
Is walking around the house , dancing to metal . Having a LOT of fun . 
Mum is home ! And she bought me stones ! :D 
Got some new nail polish , guess what colour ! 
~ We'd jump the life to come ~ :D 
You know , eating half of the afghans in the cupboard doesn't get you any favour with your mother , it doesn't get any with an anti-cannibalism society either . 
" I'm ugly " like this if you think i'm not . Post as your status and see what you get ! 
What's better : 
A village full of Moogles or a Chocobo that finds things and can upgrade itself ? 
Writing out scales for orchestra . :D 
Oh .. My head .. High Ab two octaves above middle c .. On trumpet .. Ow .. Too many high notes ... 
Like this , and i'll tell you something I like about you ! 
ESCAPE THE FATE ARE COMING HERE ?!?! WHY WAS I NOT TOLD ????!!!! 
Like this if you would actually care if I died tomorrow , post this as your status and see who cares about you 
I've got a sore om- ombi- ombish- ombisc- oh , give up . My face hurts , okay ? 
Blueberry .... 
Trepak = double tonguing = D:< 
The soap I was an extra in is on tv , Paradise CafÕ . Not the episode I was in , but I still feel kinda good about it . :D 
Portfolio .. Portfolio .. PORTFOLIO ... PORTFOLIOOOO .... D:< 
If you know , or if you can tell me , how do I get through mt gulug in FFIX ? 
Is intending to go to armageddon dressed as a soul reaper , possibly yachiru ! :D 
Had the most amazing trumpet , drama and physics lessons . Pas de deux , crazy improvisation exercises and torque make my day UH-MAZING . 
It's been said that everlasting friends go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . These friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live , and they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy and you will ALWAYS love them . Re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends , they will know who they are ! 
Someday the dream will end <3 
so tyt yhc rec byndhan yna vekrdehk yht huf so tyt ryc kuha uid . 
My fine is $220.60 
I just got sent a Trojan virus by someone whose name I'm not gonna mention . 
AR-MA-GED-DON ! EXCITEMENT x 
Embouchure , you get sore too quickly . :/ 
Just put a crack in my phone .. Oops . 
Spent about an hour in freezing seawater .. 
And enjoyed it ! 
Hey , look , a virus on Facebook ! It's Facebook Photoshop . Heehee don't fall into it's virussy clutches , children . 
day 04 - a song that makes you sad 
Dark Forest- Golden Horse . 
Today just keeps getting better .. :D 
:D 
I like this : 
m1v(i)1 + m2v(i)2 = m1v(f)1 + m2v(f)2 . 
Man , p = mv is cool . 
I just saw Mr Harrington outside BK , in my Shinigami costume . ARGH . 
CHOCOBO 
That awkward moment when you forget to sing the G# 
TEA . 
I will be singing in easter assembly .. :D 
ARGH . 
<3 
Sliiiiiiiiipknoooooooot 
> 3 < 
SILVER GUM 
type ur name : Lillikaya Street 
type with ur eyes closed : jLIllikatta Street 
type with ur nose : lillikaya street 
type with ur elbow : oliololikklasyas dstyrterert 
Nevermind . 
I must abscond from this abysmal limpid animation . 
Train , train take us away , take us away , far away . To the future we will go , where it leads , no one knows ! 
Today a guy came up to me and said : " I like your hat " We then conversed and exchanged names and stories about buses , guitars , and numerous other things . It was pretty cool , actually . =) 
I just found a picture of pikachu and heracross and bulbasaur that Eryn drew from when we were small . :3 it is possibly the cutest thing i've ever seen . 
composition composition composition ... 
Levelling up FUN . 
Escape The Fate .... GODDAMNIT I WANT TO SEE THEM LIVE . 
I NEED NEED NEED TO SEE ETF LIVE 
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha ! 
Facebook hack , thanks guys . 
Empires is mine ! Futureperfect is mine ! :D :D :D :D 
Watching the stars , 
Huge balls of gas , millions of miles away 
And who are we ? Observers of the universe , our existence barely affecting it at all ... 
NEW SONG NEW SONG 
Single ( or not ) put this on your status and see what you get ( inboxed .. ) 
Black : I want a relationship 
Green : I'm falling for you 
Purple : I miss you 
Pink : I love you 
Yellow : You're amazing 
Blue : You're hot 
Gray : We need to talk more 
Orange : Be my texting buddy ? 
Red : I like you .. 
After this the rest is all ... 
ESSAY ESSAY ESSAY 
Put this as your status if your brave . For the next 24 hours I cant lie . Inbox me any questions and il reply back truthfully but you cant bring it up or use it against me 
Yuk ! 
There's a tree by a river there's a hole in the ground ... 
tell me if you know this song ! ^^ 
Mummy ! 
I love my mum , she's a pirate ( the rum drinking type ) 
Praise be to Yevon ! 
Rapidash 
Weavile 
Rampardos 
Empoleon 
Crobat 
Luxray 
Paramecium ! 
Battle of the bands ! 
:) 
Just about put my hand in my coffee . :P 
:D YEAH ! YEAH ! YEAH ! 
My phone had a spaz . :/ 
Learning Beatles songs , suggestions ? 
ANGELS BY WITHIN TEMPTATION YOU'RE A SONOFABITCH 
:/ My chest still hurts . 
Night all :) 
IT'S TODAY MCCLEOD . 
TRUMPET TIME . 
Son of a gengar ! 
DRAMA 
Jaffa cakes ! 
I keep losing things . 
Go and see Rent ! :D 
CHOIR CAMP 
Just finished reading through my drama script . 
Hrm . 
" ROAR LET ME HEAR YOUR SOUL " 
I live at the edge of the universe like everybody else  = 
I LEFT MY TRUMPET AT SCHOOL . D:< NOT HAPPY . 
I am going to start learning to play the French Horn ! Very hopefully soon ! 
There were balloons in my bathtub this morning :P mum always did have some interesting ideas about decorating for birthdays . 
Today I got given a huge bunch of balloons , it was the highlight of my day ! Awkwardly carrying 7 huge balloons through the corridors of WEGC ... 
NEW MUSIC ELLIOTT SMITH AND DRESDEN DOLLS AND COLDPLAY . :D :D :D :D :D 
Pocky ! 
Disturbed , BFMV , Slipknot , Stone Sour .... I love you sometimes , C4 . 
Man , I have so much Coldplay now :D ( 4 albums !!!! ) 
This is what you are expected to do , wear and say . 
You fit this category , therefore you must stay within it's boundaries . 
New game , Pokemon Ruby ! :D 
Muuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuudkiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiip 
Come to West Side Story , The best thing since sliced bread . 
We have smoke machines ! And an amazing orchestra ! And Mr Stewart conducting ! And an amazing cast ! We shall rock the each performance with great vigour ! And we have bags of lollies at halftime ! 
I'm not doing very last-minute Bio revision , no , not at all . 
One minute I held the key 
next the walls were closed on me 
and I discovered that my castles stand 
upon pillars of salt and pillars of sand 
I am sick . 
not fair . 
WEST SIDE STORY ! 
But my mic wasn't on . :/ 
Top 6 favorite bands 
1 . VNV Nation 
2 . Escape The Fate 
3 . Evanescence 
4 . Coldplay 
5 . Parkway Drive 
6 . Bullet For My Valentine 
Post , yeah ? 
Internet died , sorry Jayden . ( sorry dinosaur ) 
No , facebook , you're an unexpected error . 
Just made my way right through Hey There Delilah without stopping ! :D 
Uneventful . 
Well , stuff you fb 
Elliott Smith <3 
The awkward moment when you don't count your Chocobos . 
Can play the first line of Stairway To Heaven , it's a start !! 
I'm Harry Potter , Harry Harry Potter ... oooh Harry Potter ooh ooh Harry Potter ! 
 = Why do you stoop so low ? Am I the last to know ?  = BFMV 
Sometimes I forget , but then I remember . 
When you sit outside the east wing playing musical chinese whispers , your life is good . 
PPD : Post Potter Depression . 
Bring on the therapists ! 
I really don't like having to catch early buses , but it is a necessary evil . 
Means I get to walk around lambton quay taking pictures with my phone . 
Now has a trophy to put on her bookcase ! 
Jake , i'm in westfield ! 
" .... dra veahtc vuiht y fyo du sanka fedr uin sylrehy ! " Translation : Not good ! 
Son . Of . A . Gengar . I am not going to tolerate this new chat dealy-thing . 
I just looked at my keyboard and thought there was a spider there , when it was clearly a tangled up hair tie . -_- 
I was tired , spelling mistakes are common when I am . 
If you asked me out I'd ? 
[] think about it . 
[] Reject . 
[] Accept . 
[] Laugh . 
[] I don’t know . 
[ x]Smile 

If I saw you right now ? 
[] Hug you 
[] Talk to you 
[] Slap you 
[] Jump on you 
[] Kiss you 
You should : 
[] Text me 
[] talk to me more 
[] Come see me 
[] Put this as your status 
You’re ____ : 
[] Cute (: 
[] Hot 
[] AMAZING 
[] Pretty 
[] Alright 
[] Sexy 
[] wow ! 
Synesthesia ! 
Just sung an A two octaves above middle C with ease :3 
Opinions are for onions who want to be in the coffee section of the supermarket :P 
Up in kelburn with Olly , and it's SNOWING !!! :D :D :D 
I had a wonderful day ! Baking , Black Books and snow with Olly , then at my tap lesson I learnt a whole dance in 20 minutes ! And I still remember it ! I also got asked to sing at the demonstration concert for a singing competition I did . :D :D :D :D :D :D :D 
Me : " Oh , I feel a sneeze coming on ! 
Nose : " You gonna sneeze ... hehehe " 
* ACHOO * 
Nose : " I was kidding , I thought I'd just give you a nosebleed . " 
Me : -_- 
To get to sleep , I don't count sheep , I count mareep instead . 
Spiders . With fluff . And computer screens . And myself . NOT GOOD . 
Please put this on your status if you know someone who is a wanker , or maybe a complete and utter twat ! Or maybe a two faced bastard , or someone who needs a good hard punch in the face ! Or a major selfish ' me me me ' drama queen ! These idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for these knobheads , but we can raise awareness . 93% wont copy and paste this , so lets see who the 7% with balls are ! 
Just realising how much I missed my uniform <3 
I have drama at coll . :P 
Playing the Intermezzo from Cavalleria Rusticana because I'm a boss . 
:D :D Reached a top C and it wasnt squeaky ! 
Nosebleeds make English more interesting . 
I'M A LIZARD . 
" We may have ruined . All to reach here as quickly as possible " 
It's National Book Week . Grab the nearest book to you . Go to page 56 . Copy the 5th sentence as your status . Don't mention the book , re-paste these rules . 
When you've got 70 bars of rests and you lose count ... 
I must listen to Love Never Dies too much because I have the Heaven By The Sea Reprise stuck in my head and I can quote almost all of the lyrics ... 
Say you're a serial killer . Here are the rules : 
Go to your profile & look at your friends on the left side 
1st one turns you in : Maggie :o 
2nd one knows but doesn't tell anyone : Susie ! 
3rd one is your partner in crime : Jayden ( Every time :P ) 
4th one is your first victim : Johann ( Sorry ! ) 
5th one tries ( may succeed ) to kill you : HeddleBots 
6th one is the police officer that arrested you : Bella :( 
7th one is your lawyer : Joel ... -_- 
STILL NOT DONE . ROAR I HATE PHYSICS WRITE-UPS . 
Carrying a french horn and a trumpet home is hard work ! 
Procrastination via playing French Horn :D 
~ Although I may call you a sunfish , it doesn't mean you're an aquatic creature who isn't bright like a star . ~ ( Phoebe ) 
Feels kinda cool listening to the War of the Worlds Sound track ( the one from the 80s ) and drawing lots and lots of dots . The fact I can quote lots of War of the Worlds and I haven't listened to it for about 2 years , feels gooood . ULLLLLLLLLLLLLAAAAAA ! 
The awkward moment when you go searching around your room for your iPod because you think it's playing but the song is in your head and you're tired and you keep thinking you see spiders in your peripheral vision . Then just staring into space and thinking " What the hell , I thought my iPod was on abut it isn't and I need to sleep but why is my computer making that noise black thing in my face it's not a spider thank the lord what was that ?! oh , it was my phone . " 
It's snowing in Newlands :D :D 
It's snowing , and all white outside , and I just got given a gigantic bar of toblerone , IT FEELS LIKE CHRISTMAS ! :D 
My tv keeps flickering , and so do my lights ! I had better save my game before there is a power cut ... 
LESS RAIN , MORE SNOW PLEASE . 
The year I got was : 1996 
Age : 1 
Relationship : If you call keeping my parents up all night a relationship , yes . 
Best friend : My teddy :P 
Location : Wellington 
Like this and I'll give you a year . 
Exams are over ! :D 
Oh , the shame ... I am only just reading his dark materials . 
My childhood just ended ... I can see the need for the obsession with Harry Potter now . 
my cat keeps jumping on me , and ripping into my legs with her claws in the process . Solution ? I threw a screwed up piece of paper into the other room . My cat likes to chase balls of paper . 
Why am I wearing a dress ...? 
Sometimes I see myself as a hardened cynic . Then I realise I'm listening to ABBA . :P 
" on this day in 2010 " ... Jeez , I was a complete angst machine ! 
Hey , look ! I have two performances for my Sinfonietta on the week we begin our drama performance ! Joy . 
The awkward moment when you get on the bus and can't fit down the aisle because your hips are too big . 
Spent the last three hours reading in the sun ! <3 
I'm having a day . 
When Lamb of God is so good that the loading bar on youtube doesn't even move and the video still plays perfectly . 
" Into the light of the dark black night " <3 The Beatles 
Dancing around my bedroom to " Boys of Summer " by The Ataris :D :D :D :D :D 
Has a drama rehearsal down at coll ... At lunch time . Fml ! 
Okay , I am genuinely getting sick of this . 
Nose , stop bleeding . Right . Now . 
I just ruffled my cat's fur . 
With my face . 
" I don't like your plan , it sucks . " - Yuna 
She's very different in FFX-2 ! 
I just finished FFX-2 ! 
I couldn't get more bored ... like for a like . I'm only going to do as many as I can be bothered with , so nyeh . 
I'm 8 weeks and craving chocolate mints ! 
Shine on you crazy diamond . <3 
MIND BOMB :D :D 
Ball tonight ! I'm all gussied up , ready to make use of my nice new shoes and dress ! :D 
I finished His Dark Materials .. :D 
Shed a tear listening to God Save The Queen . My loyalty to the mother country runs deep . 
Just heard " Make It Stop ( September's Children ) " by Rise Against for the first time on a NZ radio station . <3 
Nothing is more depressing than looking at your NCEA results online and realising you really don't have many credits and you've got 25 days left of lessons . 
That Snorlax you just called fat ? Yeah , it's eating rare candies by the DOZEN for you to accept it . That Gastly you just called ugly ? It's been trying to learn a new move to replace Mean Look . That Slowpoke you just tripped ? He has a learning disability that makes him legally retarded . See that Hitmonchan with the scars ? He fought in Vietnam for your freedom today . Put this as your status if you're against pokèbullying . Help save a Pokèmon a trip to the PokèCentre . 
I has lots of music to learn for Bloody Broadway :P 
The weeping angel you called ugly ? She can't even look at herself in the mirror . See that unemotional Cyberman ? He used to be one of us . The Ood that you make fun of ? They get treated as slaves everyday . The lady that you called crazy ? She knows all of time and space . See the weird man with the bowtie and the fez ? He's the loneliest man in the universe . Re-post this if you're against bullying in the Time-Space Continuum . :) 
ROAR . 
My cat thinks it's a great idea to use me as thoroughfare to get to my dad , using her long sharp claws . 
Just ate a cherry flavoured Jolly Rancher . Mind = Blown . 
I came home to find Final Fantasy VII sitting on my playstation . 
I proceeded to run around my bedroom squealing . 
I found a new VNV Nation album on iTunes . In the U.S. store , it is $8.99 . In the N.Z. store , it is $21.99 . 
The exchange rate isn't that bad . 
Trumpet or French Horn ? 
I look like a boy today , and I don't really care . Anyone who does can take it up with my assistant " I don't give a shit " 
-__- 
I am listening to Puff ( The Magic Dragon ) on a ' 45 from 1964 . :D 
Grr . 
I walked down to coll ... to see if I had rehearsal . 
Only to be greeted by Miss Morgan , and no other students . 
" Hee , hee ! Nothing can beat the music of hundreds of voices screaming in unison ! " -Kefka , FFVI 
Hehehehe , funniest lunchtime ever ! :D 
In mcdonalds - The The ( The Beaten Generation ) starts playing . Life is complete . 
There is a spider under the bucket . 
good morning world ! time to start the day with crisps and coca-cola ... yes , i will wash my teeth when i get home . 
I'm okay now ! 
post a note i posted one 
Has enjoyed her evening . :D 
GOING TO PARAMORE WITH LYDIA ! YAY !!!!!!!! 
REVISION !!! 
Argh ! Shopping with my mother ! Save me ! 
I'm leaving this city for the skies above ! 
My name ' Lilli ' means Lila in Finnish , and the ' Kaya ' means rock in turkish , whilst ' Kaja ' ( which i am going to legally change ) means food in finnish . -3- google translate is fun , huh . 
More procrastination .. At least the harder subjects to study for will be over soon . 
Composition evening was massively FAIL for me , but it was still fun . 
Mail me anything you've ever wanted to say to me , it'll stay between just me and you . Make this your status and see what you get ! 
I do not know what to with my big sisul . She's turned into a cactus butt . She is a cactus butt , Eryn Street is ! 
I'm better now . I have music . I have The Beatles ' Please Please Me 
How is it that i'm always inspired by rain ? 
OMG . WE MADE IT INTO THE NATIONAL FINALE . OMFG !!!!!!! 
I HATE WRITING FOCUS QUESTIONS !!!! ARGH ! 
Go home , go home , go home to bonnie jean ... IT'S STUCK IN MY HEAD 
it took me fifteen minutes to kill ultimecia , just because she has different forms . 
-_- I no longer adore Disney , after having seen numerous videos of subliminal messaging . A CORRUPT SOCIETY IS EASY TO CONTROL GODDAMNIT 
Is absolutely high on ice cream and singing head shoulders knees and toes in chinese . 
Om nom nom ! Danishes ! I love you auckland countdown . 
Don't you just love it when you write a really good lyric , and manage to put some chords with it ? I just wrote another one to add to ' Lilli's half-assed ukulele songs ' :D 
Noli lacrimare lucet sol etiam . :) 
Drain the pressure from the swelling , this sensation is overwhelming . Give me all a kiss a goodnight and everything will be alright , tell me that I won't feel a thing .. And give me novacaine . 
OMFG . I get to sing Fortuna Imperatix Mundi from Carmina Burana ! 
Hrm ... I need a snack .. * rummages in cupboard * oooh , Almonds ! ~ munch munch munch ~ 
Crossing her fingers .. 
Swear I just saw smoke coming out of my sweater . :o 
Feels like crap . I'm not going in to school today 
Blarg : why today is evil is now being taken out of my mind . 
I don't want to set the world on fire , I just want to start a flame in your heart . I <3 fallout 3 
Even though I wanna stay mad , even though I wanna get angry . =) 
Ow . Shutting curtains is dangerous , I tripped and fell on my knee and scraped my shin 
Soul Eater : good music , good procrastination . 
I HATE OMEGA WEAPON . THAT BASTARD IS GOING DOWN !!!!..... Once I can work out a strategy that will actually be useful instead of my ' Renzokuken/Lion Heart-Whack the enemy with a Gunblade ' strategy . 
WE GOT INTO THE NATIONAL FINALE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! * Starts dancing on the table * 
Waiting for my phone to buzz with a message . The anticipation is KILLING me . =P 
I had an awesome day : I got to see Roszanna Letitia Johnstone at lunchtime , I learnt how to say you smell good in french ( Toi sens bien ! ) I managed to do my turning steps without blacking out and falling over , I watched doctor who and Michelle Velvin asked me to help her with ideas for her composition . :D I hope tomorrow is good too ! 
I want my Croconaw back , I miss it's large , slightly evil-looking face . 
I want my Mareep back too . 
I just want HeartGold back . 
I love you , Bella G . 
I am looking for people to band together with . preferably people who can play instruments better than I can . ( drums/bass/electric guitar/etc ) 
I hate it when you're so hungry that it feels like someone is crushing your chest . Dammit , when is dinner ? 
My nose ! 
Owwie ! 
Eryn's head just had to collide with it . 
How can I help you , kupo ? 
Birthday birthday birthday I turn fifteen in less than five minutes . 
:D I just got my present from my dad and karen early .... :D FINAL FANTASY VIII SOUNDTRACK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NOW MY LIFE IS COMPLETE !!!!!! Plus a $50 itunes voucher , which I'm pretty chuffed about . 
I might be smiling , but you'll have to look much deeper to see what's really going on . and yes , dad , I have been taking them . :) 
Ha ha ! It is past midnight and I have bleach and minties . Not to mention a busy cellphone . Life is good ! 
I miss FFX 
But damn it was easy . 
I am trying very hard not to spontaneously combust at the horrific ' comedy ' that whatever obsequious creature made into the Radiradirah television programme . 
Je suis une chienne , comment voulez-vous me voulez ? De derrière , ou sur mes genoux ? Je suis une salope , s'il vous plaît me règle maintenant . Je serai vos joies . Cette merde ne vas te faire encule en place . 
???? 
???????????? 
????? 
?????????? 
Random act of kindness day ! Woo ! 
I have concluded that Robert Pattinson's eyebrows look like squashed , fuzzy parallelograms . 
Hrm , should I dress up as jesus for christmas ? 
I have taken my revenge on a spider , it ruined my afternoon , now it dies ! 
Next time you try to come back I won't be here . I'll ignore it all , everything you say . 
Finally , I get Squall's lionheart after three years of playing FFVIII . I cried ! 
Apparently some lady is going to sit in on my tap lesson . Eek ! 
Lilliputian- my name may be in the word , but not in the meaning . 
-ROAR . There , I said it . Don't ask for it again . 
Lilli+Guitar+MSN+Facebook = busy child ! 
Sono Spiacente . 
* twitch , twitch * Eryn just facebook hacked me . AGAIN . over the shoulder hacking ! GRAHH ! 
My washing machine plays " the trout " :D 
Gah ! F*CK ! Just rammed my little toe into on bedroom door whilst going back to the lounge . And I think i've sprained it . Owwie ! 
Is going into school today ! Yay for solo assessment ! 
IS ANGRY , SAD AND WISHING SHE WAS SMART AND IT WAS STILL MAY . 
Fallout New Vegas . I WANT IT SO BAD . 
No , Team Galactic . I am going to win . 
Can't wait for lunchtime so she can go on sibelius ! 
Give me some fucking novacaine already , Green Day . I can't take this feeling anymore . And no , i'm not just quoting lyrics . I need a fucking hug ! 
can play the farthest star on her guitar 
Writing songs- I'm a bit like a machine at the moment . 
Tune in turn off drop out drop in switch off switch on and EXPLODE- I love Across The Universe 
Spent a lurvely afternoon with Liam ! 
=] I am a most happy girl ! 
I <3 Imperatives 
I <3 Kool Fruits , the best sugary snack to rot one's teeth with . 
Closing my eyes 
This could change everything 
fuck . 
Christchurch .. HOLY SHIT . I know people who live there . 
Having fun busking on lambton quay ... Waiting for the lunch rush so we'll get more money ... :D 
That rotten son of a shoopuff ! 
My cat just lent up on my chair , patted in with her paw and meowed at me . :3 
You know you're a cordner when your uncle is wearing a viking hat and saying ' lets go pillage the village ' 
If you ' like ' this status I will post something on your wall I like about 
you . Make this your status if you can't . 
Hair the colour of glowing streetlights-the rain creates a halo . Sit and watch the stars go out as darkness moves closer . In the black we reveal what keeps us whole and unbroken-and turn our souls towards what light remains in our hearts ... 
I just beat Ultima weapon . in FFVIII . it took me ... a less than two minutes . 
Kaze ga yoseta .. Goddamnit ! Evil japanese lyrics , you are a bitch to learn ! 
Sheila Winn was AWESOME : big thanks to all you east girls out there who made it happen ! Special big thanks to Mrs Miller for being so awesomely cool and ... just being so damn awesomely cool ! ( I'm running out of words ... I've been up since 5:30 ) THANKS ALL !!! 
If you think there's something wrong with me , like this status and comment on what you think it is . 
Swear i'm not a Facebook addict ... :D 
Son if you care to find me , look to the western sky ! 
I'm in isand bay , stalking Jayden Mudge , et je mange du ris et Je bois du cafe a ma copine Ricki Lambert's maison . C'est genial !! J'aime le chat de Ricki , c'est tres mignon mais ... tres fache !! 
roar 
Say what you mean : Lies will get you nowhere 
Combichrist , me love Combichrist ... ( fell alseep to F*ck That Sh*t last night ) 
Nunquam desistere . 
Haha , town today with Jayden , Nathan and Lily . My feet hurt majorly but I had the best time . :D 
urgh . Feeling fat for eating too many wedges .... urgh . 
I like it on the desk ! 
I'm too worried about school to sleep . Time for Final Fantasy VIII Therapy ! 
The look on kid's face when he realises the creepy clown monster could fit through the doorway - so priceless ! ( I <3 Soul Eater ) 
Happy smile happy smile 
Can finally play My Immortal on the guitar . 
Studying by myself at school .. Because my drama group didn't turn up . Sucks to be me ! 
I'm being crushed at zeal , and listening to music about ninjas . :D 
Hahaha ... adding in french to songs in fun . :D 
I was worried , GODDAMNIT ! 
Oh shit , it's the spectral keeper . 
3 min later . 
Dude , that was too easy . 
DRAMA EXAM oh shit ! 
Voi che sapete ... 
Pardonnez-moi mademoiselle ? 
ow , my fingers , they are burning from guitar playing ! 
MROAR DEREALISATION IS NOT COOL MROAR 
Just finished avatar , volume three of book three ' fire ' . So much for study ! Onto Naruto Shippuden , volume three .. Man , procrastination is fun . 
My Ponyta evolved ! At level 40 ! WOOP ! 
:D " Ashley " by Escape The Fate is certainly a change from " Le debut siecle " by Paxi 
MROAAAr !!!!! ..... yeah , I'm bored . 
I Found out something i never thought would be possible , saw my old friends Maddy and Oliver ( not together ) and had choir . I'm having a pretty awesome day . Oh and i heard Mr. Sewart say " Chur " 
Rid of him-I feel so much better ! 
Squall's Dead . 
Very compelling theory ! 
Chyanne thinks i'm a fatty . I agree . 
RARRRR ROBOT UNICORN ATTACK 
feels ill and disgusting and is hoping like hell that she will be well enough to go to the big sing . 
I almost fell through a glass table ... silly Lilli . 
Should it all come crashing down , around , yeah . Would you be there should I stumble and fall , and pick up the pieces . For , forget about the shit that we've been through .. I wanna stay here forever and always . 
Didn't realise L 490 had creepy war-like chanting at the end of it . Shudder . 
Maybe I know somewhere deep in my soul , that love never lasts . And we've got to find other ways to make it alone .. But keep a straight face . And i've always lived like this , keeping a comfortable distance . And up until now I had sworn to myself that i'm content with loneliness . Because none of it was ever worth the risk .. 
Cozy Cake Shop chips-the best way to a good afternoon . 
DEPRESSION is not a sign of weakness . It is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Post this as your status if you know someone who has/had depression or if you have had it . Most people won't keep this as their status for more than an hour ..... 
' Just hold your chocobos , and wait!' -Wakka , FFX . :D 
of course Jack is terrified , Lady Bracknell is SCARY 
August and September . OMG . The The have blown my mind ... 
I just finished writing a summary for ' The Importance of Being Earnest ' It's a page long ... 
:D Thanks to EVERYONE who posted ' Happy Birthday ' on my wall . I love you all ! And even if you forgot , I don't mind , I forgive you ! My form class forgot .. Until I told Amanda and they remembered . Thanks 118A , for the awesome support , even if it only lasted for a few minutes . :D THANKS AGAIN ! 
hello , you fantastic salad sandwiches ! how about making my day , and indulging me in some amusing , intelligent and good conversation ? 
Solos tomorrow ! I am NERVOUS 
I've got a tight grip on reality , but I can't let go of what's in front of me here . I know you'll leave me in the morning when you wake up , leave me with some kind of proof it's not a dream . 
FINALLY I AM ON FACEBOOK ON A FAST COMPUTER-THAK YOU !!!! 
I luuuuuurve you Roszanna Letitia Johnstone 
Is feeling bad for being mean .. and stupid 
Why , oh why am I listening to Meteora ? 
I FEEL AWESOME : I can play LOTS of beatles songs on my ukelele ( is that spelt wrong ? ) Plus .... I can play I'm yours , the proper version , you are my sunshine , across the universe and a beautiful lie ! my fingers hurt .... 
Kaze ga yoseta kotoba ni , oyoida kokoro . Kumo ga hakobu ashita ni , hazunda koe . 
Not many people comment on my posts ... I suppose I had it coming being such a moody 
beeatch . Bugger . 
Couldn't decide what to listen to , so I gave up and shuffled my Ipod . First song was Uncertain Smile by The The . :) musical hunger satisfied . :D 
wishes her friend would keep talking to her . 
Has a social life today . 
How many years since you found yourself staring at an endless sky ? Unaware of yourself who you are and where you're going . Only living only breathing ... 
If you ' like ' this status , I will write something I like about you on my wall . Make this your status if you can't contain how awesome you are . 
The Gleevent was less than I expected , except for Eryn . And not just because she's my sister . Also ashley was brill . 
Argh ! I have two assignments and i'm busy every single day from here to the end of the holidays because of tap and people still want me to do things with them . It is madness I tell you ! 
Even though I am unwell , I have the determination to get better to go to the big sing . Be prepared , viral/bacterial ( I'm unsure which ) infection ! I will get you with my panadol and sleep patterns ! 
Has a bag of salsa doritos , orange tic tacs , crystallised pineapple and Coca-Cola . :3 
I am finally getting my hair cut . YUS !!! 
If you ' like ' this status , I will write something I like about you on my wall . Make this your status if you can't . 
I cannot sing !!! MY voice has become kaput ! NOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I can't Practice either of my pieces for solos !!!!! On the bright side , I can play on my ukelele :D 
Yes i'm lonely wanna die , yes i'm lonely wanna die , if I ain't dead already , well you know the reason why . -Yer Blues , the Beatles 
As if sitting here watching anime and eating applesauce wasn't enough , I also have FFX ! 
Had a fabulouso monday with Wigglefish Lulnuk PlatypusPotato and a amazingly chillaxed tuesday with Ricki Lambert amd today with Dad and Karen . YAY for socialising ! 
You like things that are bad for me . I'm in a volatile , angry , dangerous mood . Don't push me . 
Tap is exhausting ... evil , EVIL , AMALGATIONS !!! 
Yay ! - I downloaded lots of relaxing classical music . :D Now have something to fall asleep to ! 
Will whoever blocked my Facebook messages please unblock them ? I am exceedingly annoyed I cannot message my friends . 
She's not a girl , who misses much . do-do-dodododo oh yeah .. she's well acquainted with the touch of a velvet hand like a lizard on a window pane , the man in the crowd with the multicoloured mirrors on his hobnailed boots ; lying with his eyes while his hands are busy working overtime , the soap impression of his wife which he donated to the national trust ... I love The Beatles :3 
God , today has been fail . 
Damn you lily . I can't shop to save myself and you give of a cotton on voucher ! 
Heehee . Listening to the end theme of FFVIII ... I love that final cutscene . It's so sweet and the music just makes it so much more satisfying ! 
Is Sunburnt . 
Water in my shoes . Ew . 
Copy this to your status and see what people want from you . A hug , a relationship , another chance , a good laugh , an apology , a date , a kiss . Inbox only ! 
I have no shame ! I dance in supermarkets ! 
Toy Story 3- so mind-blowing I almost cried . :D 
Walking to chombichrist = good fun but really sore legs ! 
MRAOR 
I am unhappy . I am stressed . Grrr 
for me , Eryn's little shindig didn't turn out too badly . :D I nade some new friends ! 
Tic tacs , a big V , two up and go energise and a cookie . I love Fix . =D 
found a pair of jeans she thought she had misplaced that go with basically everything she owns . BOOYA ! 
Note to self- each time you finish a game , don't bawl your eyes out . 
Maths is fun when you have facebook mobile , an Ipod and ricki lambert beside you ! 
Heehee . Pokemon diamond . Hehehe 
=) 
Bio tomorrow ! EXCITEMENT ! 
Fallout 3 , when will you be less terrifying so I don't have panic attacks whenever a feral dog attacks me ? 
I want to decorate my ukulele . 
what should I do to it ? 
his name is KK , kurt kinneas . he's red . 
But I want to make him beautiful ! 
I have lost most feeling in my right foot ... argh 
After tagging those TagMyBuddy pictures , I have come to realise how well I don't know my friends . It's quite sad to think I do not have enough close friends to be able to tag them perfectly . And I'm slowly drifting from my current group of buddies . I wasn't invited .. and i'm afraid that will keep happening . 
Let's hope tomorrow is better than today . :) 
Research time tomorrow ! It's amazing how I'm not actually procrastinating my science and drama research assignments . I'm even looking up the books I need so I can get them almost straight away . Then I'll be working hard ! XD 
To those who know what i'm talking about ; i'm over him , and i'm taking a break now ... That's all you need to know unless you wish to enquire further . 
Waitin ' on my sundae at mcdonalds , feeling like a cool chick since i'm going to dip my chips in it . 
Je pleure 
Gone Fishin ' 
" Ford , I think i'm a sofa . " " I know the feeling " " argh !!! " I love hitchhikers guide to the galaxy . :D 
Sound the trumpets ! I got Excellence on my FIRST composition ! HUZZAH !!! 
" I'm sorry for twisting your DNA like a kitten with a ball of yarn . " 
FISH CUSTARD 
Solo performance is OVER ! Hallelujah ! 
Fuck , I hate it when my actions that have nothing but good intentions backfire on me . Fml ! 
I'm going crazy here . 
Like , dislike , first impression , confession . 
Cat face , he's got the face of a cat , he's got the body of a cat and the face of a cat , cat face ! 
I eat Medicham for breakfast ! 
ARGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH . This will be my last tap exam , according to my mother . :'( 
Who is pumped for Solos ? ME ! 
100 crunches .. 50 push-ups ... One minute leg raise ... 100 side crunches . My motivation ? Escape the fate :3 
Bonjour tout le monde . Je ne veux dire pas . J'ai mal au coeur et Je sens mal . Heureusement , Je ferai chez moi Á sept heures moins vingt . 
I wanna talk to somebody but my mates are out of texts and I don't want to be imposing to anyone who is online . Ugh . 
Has had two weeks to do her homework .. And decided that she should play final fantasy ten instead of doing homework today . There's always tomorrow ! 
I am considering songs for solos , and I'm SOOOOO stuck : Who thinks i can sing Green Finch and Linnet Bird ? 
I'm also doing : 
Suteki Da Ne 
Bring Me To Life 
But I need more songs ... 
I have apple juice that tastes like maple syrup . 
:) heeheehee . 
Who feels fml ? I fell fml . Just what I needed . I have four-five assessments next week and you make me feel fml . thanks . I'll go cry in my room now 
J'espere toi sens bien , ou Je devrai ... tu manges ! 
ALMONDS ALMONDS ALMONDS 
Happy cheesecake day ! 
I'm over feeling upset about Nino . Why stay that way ? I don't care anymore . I'm stuck between the people who dislike him and his friends . So , I'm taking my own approach . I apologise to you , I reacted badly and i won't do it again . So I won't lean towards either infatuation or hate towards Nino , i will only be his friend . It was good while it lasted , but it's over . 
Lying on the couch . Next thing I know , there's a spider CRAWLING ACROSS MY CHEST . Lets just say , I did a LOT of screaming . 
Something . 
:3 every etf fan should know what I'm talking about . 
Science homework is never better than Fallout 3 
is indescribable-yeah ! I love you , Ricki Lambert 
My tap teacher told me to be " sexy " , and to think " i'm so attractive " when doing my amalgamation . HELL YEAH 
mrawr , fun fun I am at Roszanna Letitia Johnstone's house eating her food and watching her TV . oh and hacking her Facebook ... in a friendly way . 
I have never been very fond of Eryn's parties . that is exactly why I am hiding in my room watching glee . 
Facebook chat is infuriating : One of my convo's isn't scrolling and one is going past the top of my page . -_- 
Hello night . Once again I enter your deep embrace . 
I need someone to talk to . I can't cope . 
K-Fry ! 
Like , roar , people . Who thinks that solo performances are a little too close for comfort ? 
Is soaked to the skin ... I'm not having what you'd call a ' wonderful afternoon ' 
Crash crash , boom ; let it all burn , this hurricane is chasing us all underground 
BBB 
Bored . Beyond . Belief . 
Writing songs is such good therapy . 
C 
i think i new it from the start 
F7 
that you would work your way into my heart 
G 
i had an inkling I couldn't deny 
a had a feeling and i didn''t know why 
so began to get to know you 
F7 
you blew my mind and out the door it flew 
so I'm mind blown and my heart took it's place 
i hope my brain is in outer space ~ 
WOO HOO ! Just got this is war , all the lost souls and the white album ! :D 
I'm always tempted to start tap dancing on the bus ! 
Good lord , save me now . 
Quite a while ago , I was walking to robotics , and saw a dark cloaked figure across the road from jessie maya and i . I looked for about ten seconds , then turned away and asked jessie if she'd seen anything . She said she hadn't , and I dismissed the apparition . About two weeks later , I was walking into the spot where my friends sit , and I feel a cape flowing out behind me . 
=/ 
Making a song list- each song represents one of my friends . If you have any suggestions , for yourself or others , post them here ! 
Es tont ein voller Harfenklang 
den lieb ' und sehnsucht schwellen , 
er dringt zum herzen tief und bang 
und laBt das auge quellen 
O rinnet , Tranen , nur herab , 
o schlage herz , mit Beben ! 
Es sanken lieb ' und gluck ins grab 
verloren ist das leben 
Choir-is controlling my life ! :D 
Roszanna Letitia Johnstone , if your nickname is whale , what is mine ? ELEPHANT ???? :D 
Spider on my arm ! They're out to GET ME . 
I wish I could go mad like Stein . It would be fun , dissecting everyone . XD 
Now I can't let go of this dream . 
I can't breathe but I feel ... 
Good enough , 
I feel good enough for you 
~ Evanescence-Good Enough ~ 
Making a hat ... This is where my hand-sewing skills come in handy ! 
Heehee ! Having lots of fun at Ali's house ! Found out I can quote the fox movie Anastasia . :D 
Argh ! I got home just as bad romance finished on glee . Nooooooo !! 
GRR 
I feel like shit ... 
MROAR :3 
HOME AGAIN ! YUS 
I want a chocobo ! 
Worst sleep of my LIFE . It's so hot in our backpacker room it took me two hours to get to sleep . 
I give up on homework for today . My brain is fried from trying to think of focus questions and getting my head ' round my drama play's plot . Now it's time to beat Seymour up in Bevelle in FFX ! 
Nigh t-t ime brings out the strangest things in people ! 
Is learning the guitar for E Kiwi E for choir . IT's harder than it looks , but at least the strumming stays the same . here are some strange chords in there ! 
D: to @_@ to :D 
I'm so happy I don't get my nutrients by means of extra-cellular digestion . It would be messy , and rather disgusting . 
Colours of Rain- VNV Nation :3 
" Never give up , never surrender ! " -Fantina ( hearthome gym ) 
I am nice and warm . 
I'm going to love this summer ! 
The world is crude , impolite and disrespectful . I just got ' fuck you east girls ' yelled at me . How dare they ! 
=] my feet hurt 
But i'm happy . 
Home ! 
Fuck it . I do not care anymore . I'm so sick of these games . 
=| 
Excellence for level one music ! :D 
~ It's been a long , long , long time . 
How could i ever have lost you ? 
When I loved you ? ~ Long , Long , Long - The Beatles 
The music block smells like some guy came in and sprayed heavy aftershave everywhere ! 
Nationals , HERE WE COME ! =D i'm super excited . Not so excited about the work i'll have to catch up on though ! 
like a vice slowly getting tighter , I'm crushing harder and harder on you . 
I feel like a bloody narwhal has swum it's way into my stomach and started dancing to rave music . i'm SO NERVOUS ABOUT AUCKLAND 
Had a fab day today ... Climbing up walls isn't my favourite hobby but it was good ! 
There is just too much to deal with right now . 
Hehehe ! No exams today , time to get in some quality reading time , and maybe a little bit of study ! 
Wish me luck ! Mr Worthing , here I come ! 
I JUST GOT BELOVED BY VNV NATION-MY LIFE IS COMPLETE 
I have made my decision . 
One day down . Many to go , 
Today is a good day for red liquorice . 
IS GOING TO SEE PARAMORE !!!!! HELL YEAH !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
bored . Bored . BORED . 
Does anyone want to join Chyanne , Teigan and I on a fitness crusade ? It shall be very empowering to be in control of one's eating habits and body ! 
I love it when the only choice for afternoon tea is curry . =) 
Exams are OVER ! YUS !!! 
... Then I see your face , I know i'm finally yours , I find everything I thought i'd lost before . You call my name , I come to you in pieces .. So you can make me whole . 
like this status and ill write this ... dear _______ ; i _____ you . you have a nice______ . i think you are_____________ . youmake me _______ . you should _______ . someday I will ______ . you + me = ________ . if I saw you now I'd scream out __________ . i would build a _______ just for you . if I could sing you any song it would be _________ . from : ___________________ 
Mr Meares : " Lilli ! " Lilli : * looks up from phone * Mr Meares : " Naughty ... " Lilli : =D 
I'm happy now ... :3 
You wouldn't know love if it crushed your fucking chest . Enough said . 
I'm sickly ... and my dad serves up me up some chicken soup , thanks daddy ! 
I have hiccups from trying to cough up phlegm . it's gross and I still can't get the phlegm out of my throat . =( 
Rocket ! 
ELECTRIC GUITAR , will be mine , christmas . :D 
Hello .. 
I want to tap dance but i'm in a waiting room and I want to tap dance . 
GODDAMNIT I WANT TO TAP DANCE . 
I just put my first cover up on Youtube . 
Eek ! 
I'm so BORED . 
One more exam ! FRENCH !!! ugh , save me ! 
In a bar , drinking coke , wondering when it will be time to go home . =/ 
DO NOT GET THE DISLIKE BUTTON IT IS a phishing scam ! It will get all your contacts and send you viruses ! I repeat : DO NOT GET THE DISLIKE BUTTON 
It is very hard to NOT tap dance on a bus when you're listening to your favourite dance song . ;D 
Was reading and now cannot sleep . Thanks a lot Fragile Eternity . Bloody faery books , always get me too sucked in to be able to sleep afterwards 
Tea , you must cool down before I can consume you . So GET COLDER DAMN YOU ! 
J'espÒre rÕussir mes examens . =( 
We found a cat on the waterfront 
My totodile evolved and now it's not cute . =( 
Tralalalalalalalalalala ! 
Errr . French writing assessment tomorrow , solo performance in two weeks , music works assessment to finish , two dances to learn , physics . This term is going to be FUUUUUN . 
Fml , my stupid guitar had to go and pop it's G string while I was tuning it ! 
Is actually thinking of recording some of her little ditties that she's written onto a disk .. :D 
Pizza . You are torture . 
Oh shit . Time to get on the plane again . =( 
don't you just loooove it when you comment on a status and the person who was previously replying , doesn't reply ? Ohhhh good times ... NOT . 
CAN PLAY ASHLEY BY ESCAPE THE FATE .... on her Ukulele . 
Facebook mobile , thou art my saviour . 
BRONZE AWARD-thanks to EVERYONE in Cantala , and especially to Mr Stewart , you worked so incredibly hard ! Love you girls ! xox 
i think many people in this world deserve to be hit with a rather large hammer 
Fairy lights after midnight . :) 
Luck is on my side tonight ! My bus was at the station late so I managed to catch it in time ! =D 
There must be something moderately wrong with me , I just put Meteora , Minutes To Midnight and Hybrid Theory back on my Ipod . 
Woke up an hour late . =/ 
FAIL MATHS 100 COMING MY WAY 
Like the brightest star you shine .. Ashley baby .. You make me feel so alive I got purpose once again !  = Escape The Fate = :D 
The hallowed lands so far behind , as fleeting dreams still linger . Like distant voices through the rain like grains of sand cast from my hands 
Can't sleep can't sleep can't sleep can't sleep still buzzing still buzzing still buzzing paramore paramore paramore ... 
I am tired . 
and happy , 
and feeling good . 
I killed Seymour flux ! 
WOOP ! 
I'm a simple cow , living a simple life . But sometimes I feel exploited . Ireland will never be free until I can marry my brother . 
Gotta love black books ! <3 
Fun French homework ! :D 
Has spent about 3/4 of the last two days on her Nintendo DS ... playing Pokemon Diamond . Hehehehe 
Half of what I say is meaningless . 
I have chocolate liquorice ! 
Mail me something you have always wanted to tell me ... No matter what it is =P copy and paint this and see what you get ! 
football to head = not so impressed . 
Just Tune in , turn off , drop out , drop in , switch off , switch on and EXPLODE ! 
Tu me manques .. =( 
I think i'm a murderer . I just ate mario's head . 
Guess who is singing ' Somewhere ' from West Side Story for her solo assessment ... ME ! :D 
Woah , i'm unbeatable ! Pokemon , ADVANCE BATTLE ! Woah , i'm undefeatable ! From the stars to the ancient past they think they'll win but they'll never last ! 
I don't think i'll ever be good in barsI =/ 
:D I am ready for amazing present making !!!! 
ROAR ! :D 
I <3 Marilyn Manson . @_@ 
type your name : Lillikaya 
Type it with your elbow : lil ; , l ; ikla7y6a 
Type it with your nose : oilolikaya 
FUN ! 
Is wearing lycra . ;D 
My fingers won't stop throbbing ... 
My contacts gave returned miraculously ! 
Good morning world ! Why what a lovely day the sky has given us . More rain . 
" The precepts must be obeyed ! " " like I care ! " :D 
rawr 
EXCITED EXCITED EXCITED EXCITED EXCITED EXCITED EXCITED EXCITED EXCITED EXCITED EXCITED EXCITED FOR PARAMORE 
He is gone , and yet I do not weep . Tomorrow looks brighter already . 
Is SHATTERED . 
F MY ITUNES THAT SONOFAGUN IT DELETED ALL MY F-ING BASSHUNTER 
Omg , it took over 10 revives so I could beat flint's Infernape . 
I landed two hits in total . 
My fingers betray me . Trying to play Fragments Of Memories is hard for an extremely novice piano player . 
Is disenchanted . 
My Dad , Allan Street is a weird man . He's a total cactus butt ! 
Is almost a year twelve . -_- 
" Hold on , i'm trying to think ! " - Mr Stewart 
3 Black Mages albums ... all mine !!! 
I'm feeling nervous , trying to be so perfect .. because I know you're worth it , youre worth it . 
My footsteps echo 
Down the halls 
Their hallowed remains 
Empty as I 

Tears soften the ground 
That falls away into nothing 
I must stay constant 
Like the movement of time 
Or the past will crash 
Into the future 
If I close my eyes 
I can feel eternity 
Caressing my face 
And wiping my eyes 
Endless possibilities 
Flow into my fingertips 
Pull the threads 
And manipulate fate 
OMG . All my contacts have been erased . Message me with your number , people . 
I never thought my mother would be able to carry my grandfather alone . 
Train , train , take us away take us away , far away 
to the future , we will go 
Where it leads , no one knows ! 
Tap exam , wish me LUCK . 
* Um . * 
I think i'm sunburnt . my arm is pink . oops . 
I'm pretty sure covering myself in fluorescent pink sharpie isn't terribly healthy . 
Compared to sin , we humans are mere mud puppies . :D i'm a mud puppy ! 
MY BABY HAS COME HOME ! BRING ON THE FINGER CALLUSES !!!! ( By baby , I mean my guitar . His name is Wesley and by no means does it relate to Mr Barclay . It's a Walden and ' Wally ' has been overused . ) 
Bewildered and in disbelief . 
Aard'vark n . S African ant bear . 
Not pleased . 
Capo is mine for usage . hehehe . P ! nk , Taylor Swift , Iron and Wine ... :D I can play lots more songs now !!!! :D 
I was there again today . the place that was ours and ours alone . the memories came pouring back into my head , bittersweet nostalgia to make me think of you . 
Fru fyhdc du maynh Al Bhed fedr so ? 
Sigh . 
J'ai bien fait dans mon examen de danse à claquettes ! 
knows all of the lyrics to Naruto Ondo 
I have a sad life . 
Oh where oh where has my sanity gone , oh where oh where can it be ? Oh , right you took it away from me . 
It's not going to be cold ! * goes outside * oh shoot ! Where's my scarf ? 
wants to destroy something . RIGHT FUCKING NOW 
Apollo 13 mission control was AWESOME . I send huge thanks to Lydia Laine-Smith for a ticket !! :D I was propulsion ! :D 
Heeheeheeheeheehee 
Pike River mine , the lives of those lost summed up on the evening news . Eerie silence accompanying each of their names as they are read out . The narrator choked when he got to the youngest miner , only 17 years old . 
I hope their souls travel safely to the other side . 
Last day of maths for year eleven . SCORE ! 
Eryn is a LIZARD WOMAN . 
I've been to hollywood , I've been to redwood , I've crossed the ocean for a heart of gold . <3 Neil Young 
Just a little poem I wrote about Cantala .. 

We can fly 
Carried on wings of song 
Soaring over land and sea 
Leaving nothing more but awe 
When we fly 
We move with grace 
Enthralling our audience 
And loving nothing more 
We are Cantala 
And we shall arise 
To win our heart's worth 
And we share our magic 
With all denizens of the Earth . 
And there do I see my father . My son . My life . 
And there do I see nature . Pokemon . The world . 
Has new clothes ! :D 
Alone on New Year's Eve . 
I have waited two hours in the sun today . 
With no shade ! 
I have sunburn ! 
Has sand in her hair . :D 
Cous cous ! 
Just watched Atlantis ! And is now watching The Black Cauldron ! 
Physics . Chem . 
Guess who is going to change her subjects back to things she can stomach ? 
Me . 
The bus has not yet come and is late . Not cool ! 
Likes the heat aspects of physics ! 
Songs I could learn ? Guitar/voice . Please recommend some ! 
E naymmo ryda Jey Binevelu . 
Cdibet kmobr . 
I'm not ADORABLE ! 
If you think I'm hot/pretty like my status , if you're my friend put a ' :) ' ( smiley face you silly people-mainly Mudge ) , if you love me put a ?, poke me if you want to kiss me , if you want my number post ' ;) ' on my wall , if you would go out with me inbox me , and if you are as brave as me , put this as your status and see what you get ! 
Let me be empty , oh and weightless and maybe i'll find some peace tonight . 
Code Geass is very good . I wish Lelouch would just harden up and drink a cup of concrete though . Taking Refrain , what an idiot . 
There is confirmation ! 
I am sunburnt ! 
Physicsphysicsphysicsphysicsphysicsphysicsphysicsphysicsphysics ... What am I doing next year ? PHYSICS ! :D 
Maths . Tomorrow . And I can't sleep . -_- 
Suprishibg . 
A music player just fell on my head ... ow . 
I thought we could be good friends , yet you beat and abuse me . I ignore it but I know you're just bad for me in the end . I weep , for my heart was nothing less than true all this time . 
Just managed to hit - and hold the final note in No Good Deed from wicked . 
I had a dream where I was bffls with Orochimaru and wielded a Zangetsu . :D 
HAPPY . 
This word describes my present emotion . 
I'M SO HAPPY 
You won't leave my head but you won't ever enter my sight . 
I am a person , that is all I am . 
Fizzy good make feel nice 
FTW 
Dances for two hours then has mcdonalds for tea . :D 
I <3 pamela howard . Just putting that out there . =P 
Excalibur , Excalibur .. 
Still debating whether I should do physics or not . 
Don't you just hate it when you get your hopes up and they get shot down in flames right in front of you ? 
LIP GLOSS AND BLACK 
I <3 YOU 
The the- this is the day . Where I look like I just walked out of one of their music videos . 
At a bus stop 
Singing in japanese 
Could life get any weirder ? 
I just saw a Happiny carrying a Quagsire ! ;D 
Whoever said I was good at tap was lying : 
I got a C- 53/100 
-_- 
Happy New Year . 
FML . I studied hard for my maths exam . Now it looks like I can't go to it . 
I wanna be in the Zalwicks Company , so I can be in ' I Wish I Were a Chocobo ' . 
gotta love FFIX . 
It's really funny , because in Naruto the guy who looks like Harry Potter is the assistant to the guy who looks Lord Voldemort . 
I wanted to wear my hidden sound village headband to my exam today but I thought my hidden leaf buddies would be jealous of me . :( 
Dad always makes a scene in the supermarket 
School's out ! 
I must say , the Guillotine part 3 tops parts one and two . 
BORED . 
AND I HAVE NO PLAYSTATION . 
Tea = good for nerves . 
I missed Pokemon The Movie : Arceus and the Jewel Of Life . 
I'm loving my advent calendar . 
It even has a story on the back ! 
I need you so much closer 
Nervous , kupo ! 
Tragedy . Another day lies broken and lost . A shattered life cuts the pulse of acceptance . And all I want is to be more than this . And all I want is to be anything but this . 
A moogle just called me a bastard ! hahaha ! 
Ashley : best song ever . 
Listening to it full bull on my Ipod . 
FUCK YEAH ! 
this is harder than i thought . bugger . 
FFX , remiem temple . Shiva just did 60235 damage on her overdrive . :D 
I am very pleased . 
writing songs at 12:37 AM . 
Best time to be creative . 
Crying in english isn't nice , especially first period english . 
.. Can't believe it ! 
When you're listening to The The and the War Of The Worlds Soundtrack , you know you weren't born in the right era . 
It's never futile ... 
Paramecium , paramecium , even better than a unicorn . 
My physics teacher's name is Fergal Harrington . 
He's irish . 
The Riddle by Nick Kershaw . 
Brilliant song . 
just uploaded some vids .... Tessa Phillips , Claudia Zaia I'm sorry if you don't like them , they're not coming down . 
" Sad is happy for deep people " - Sally Sparrow , Dr Who series 3 . 
I roll down the window 
And then begin to breathe in 
The darkest country road 
And the strong scent of evergreen 
From the passenger seat 
As you are driving me home 
We have to find a better way . 
FINALLY , I have PAPERMOON by Tommy Heavenly6 ! My life is almost complete ! 
Fro sicd E ryja yfvim tnaysc ? 
My noodles hate me . They burnt me , then fell on the ground . 
I'm learning Al Bhed ! 
E muja vehym vyhdyco dah ! Pid E siccat dna tacdnildeuh cbrana eh bevelle , cu E ryt du cdynd ykyeh . 
Just because I tap dance in the supermarket to The Black Mages " Force Your Way " doesn't mean i'm not cool . 
Brain mush ! 
" Lazy Bum " 
oh , oh ! know where you belong , the lights are dark and the waves keep coming on , when you belong the , lighthouse light is on . :3 
I love the Bizarre Tales <3 
Is happy , but completely and utterly bewildered . 
Silly Tidus , being a silly dream of the fayth . 
MOODLE . I HATE YOU . YOU DON'T WORK ON MY COMPUTER . 
Is looking forward to school because waking up at 6:30 on a sunday is just sad . 
I hate hate hate infatuation . 
