Right , Tiime for an inaugural speech . SO , prick up your ears and listen . I am , after much nagging and complaining finally here , so after I've gone to all the trouble for setting this bloody thing up I should hope that I will be treated as a god , All those who've whined and whinged at me , I am now the supreme power . Savvy ? 
Life ? Don't talk to me about life . 
:D 
Mitch Benn is in fact the best musical comedian out there . No quesions asked . 
feel shit cos I upset beth . 
is feelin ' Evil . Grr . 
Led Zep , Half life 2 and an insanely comfy chair . Love it . 
Come on Amazon you git wizards ! Wheres my xmas pressies ?! 
Has just flamethrowered his laptop with a deo can and a lighter . What ? It annoyed me . 
Music news : Muse have just claimed my #1 favorite band spot . Pink floyd are now languishing in second . 
Muse have just given me a frebie song :) a live version of MK ultra . WOOP !!! 
I also just realised I suck royally at COD4 online . A kill/death ratio of 1:5 isn't good is it ? 
3 . Ban Political correctness . 
2 . Move the X factor to 12 o'clock at night and turn it into an adult entertainment show called " The sex factor " . 
6 . Make burberry illegal . 
10 . Any thing with a citroen , peugeot or renault will also be banned . 
Ahhh , The unforgiven 1 , 2 and 3 . Currently my favorite tracks . gotta love metallica . 
" reflections are images of tarnished aspirations " Racter , an artificial intelligence program . 
8 . Make the Nissan Micra illegal . 
5 . Have Tony Blair and George W ' Gump ' Bush indicted as war criminals . 
Has had no contact with the outside world for nearly 2 weeks . 
I just realised the new doctor who looks a bit like Joe Place ! 
4 . Begin a campaign of terror on all the worlds ( Other ) Dictators and have them all assasinated . 
I now know what my favorite pastime is called . Misanthropy , the general despising of the human race . 
7 . Make any other chav related broducts and brands illegal too . 
12 . Tell America they can go fuck if they think they can get me to march into someone elses country under the guise of a " war on terror " aka , point an M4 at some middle eastern bloke and say " give me all your oil ! " 
I think Ross Is going to a racist school . There are no coloured people there , or so he says . And they all love the BNP . 
Still bored . Entertain me someone . 
Hideously bored someone tell me something interesting . 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ! My facebook is fucked ! I hate this new layout . 
Half Life 2 is awesome ! 
Mary had a little Lamb , She Tied it to a Pylon , 1000 volts shot up it's bum , and turned it's wool to nylon 
What do Saddam Hussien and General Custer have in common ? They were wondering where all of those Tomahawks were coming from 
I never knew it was so easy to get through half a bottle of baileys . 
Chemistry : D Biology : D English Lit : C Geography : B General Studies : A 
Arsehole : A person who fills you with disgust and anger . Examples : Tony Blair , Gordon Brown , anyone who supports Manchester united , etcetera . 
More plans for when I rule the country : 1 . Rename " britains got talent " a " Britain's got educationally subnormal people " . 
9 . And Driving wearing a hat . Except in freezing weather . Then you can wear a hat . You still can't have a Micra though . 
11 . Have all chaves microchipped so we can track where thir scummy hides go all the time . 
is still thinking in a scottish accent . Whilst not unpleasant it is rather weirding me out . 
Where's Beth and her massage skills when you need her ? 
I love The feeling , great feel-good music . 
A warning to everyone going up to Leeds . Stay in Leeds . If you go near Bradford You WILL be murdered . I used to live near the place . I should know . Beware . 
Still feels great . 
If chuck norris , Mr T and Gene Hunt came within a hundred miles of each other , what would Happen ? 
Ashes to Ashes , Awesome , Dr Who , Good . 
Ashes to ashes : So , it transpires that gene hunt is essentially god . Of course , how could it end any other way ? 
feels particularly venomous . 
I <3 Resident evil 5 . Such a good game . 
Dr Who : WTF ?! You do NOT make a pass at the Doctor . Ever . 
It's not all about megapixels , it's how you use them . 
Ah , Radio 4 . Food for the soul . 
What have the harvest to hope for if not for the care of the reaper man ? 
my head of sixth form and my form tutor are stranded in NY and Bulgaria respectively 
Internet wars are literally the funniest thing ever . 
oh and mu lit leacher is stuck in italy and today my biology teacher had to leave in a hurry because her hos had escaped . 
Where's Beth and her handy supply of headache pills when you need her ? 
Always Trust the Gene Genie . 
Science flies you to the moon . Religion flies you into buildings . 
Wishes people would answer their god rotted phones at least to tell me to sod off if they can't be bothered to talk . 
Rather pleasant surprise in the morning today :) 
" He that will not reason is a bigot ; he that cannot reason is a fool ; he that dares not reason is a slave . " -William Drummond 
YYYYEEEEEESSSSSSS ! Phone is cured , I no longer need a new number , YEAHHHHH ! 
Why are all my thoughts in a Scottish accent ? 
Well , 1 down 2 to go ... 
After finishing the COD MW 2 singleplayer campaign I can say that I've never played a war game with such a strong anti war message . 
Germany tomorrow , team will be home on monday . 
Can't believe England only drew against bloody Algeria . How sodding awful is that ? 
" Love is just masochism without the leathers " 
Is missing his wonderful girlfriend =( 
Full of aches and pains . Not froody . 
Bastard school and their fingerprint system . You can fuck off if you think I'm letting you have my fingerprint just so I can buy your cruddy food ! I will sit in the 6th form common room and make my own sandwiches from now on as my own little two fingered salute to the system . 
1-0 , England win . RESULT ! 
Japan 2-0 up against Denmark , It's all good . 
Ah , there is -nothing- more calming than one of Chopin's nocturnes . 
Pokemon = Charles Darwin meets cock-fighting . 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment you must copy and paste this to your status so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along ... 
To secure ourselves against defeat lies in our own hands , but the opportunity of defeating the enemy is provided by the enemy himself . 
Feels unassailably happy . 
What is the difference between George Washington , Richard Nixon and George W . Bush ? 

Washington couldn't tell a lie , Nixon couldn't tell the truth and Bush cannot tell the difference 
What do you say to a chav in a suit ? 
" Will the defendant please stand . " 
has learned many useful things over the past few days , including but not limited to : how to steal a glass out from under a waiters nose , how to remove a sofa from a pub without being caught and not to go to Djibouti , as there are bodies in skips in the streets . 
I'm afraid I may have inadvertently signed my house up for talktalk broadband on the basis that the sales girl was very pretty and had a rather nice arse . Oops ... 
I don't like the idea of book burning , It's a bit too Third Reich for my liking but I'm willing to make two exceptions . The first , anything by Dan brown , that dick headed peddler of pseudohistory . The other is of course , Stephanie Meyer , and her god-damned twi-shite books , I gladly would burn her along with every copy of that awful series . 
Trying to get rid of apple software is like trying to get bloody superglue off of your fingers . I.E VERY difficult . Fuck you Steve Jobs . 
Is still tipsy from last night . 
Thanks for all the happy birthday's guys =D . Especially you " Amy " . 
There was an old man called nick , 
He's an overweight fat racist prick , 
His wife's a fat donkey 
His eye's a bit wonky 
And everyone thinks he's a dick . 
18- closest friend , adoptive sister and the one person that keeps me sane . A person without whom I would not be human , who's taught me it's not all shit and to laugh in the face of adversity . A great friend who I could not be prouder to have by my side . 4 years Flash , and I wouldn't have missed it for the world . 
Is having a good time in matlock . =) 
If done well I reckon the Modern warfare games would make pretty epic films . 
Feels cross , mourngey and a bit confused . 
is pooped , remind me not to climb up any enormous hills again any time soon . 
Ah , another friend purge completed . still below 100 ' friends ' and it'll stay that way . 
Everyone at Leeds : Remember peeps , Don't go to Bradford . You will be murdered . No ifs or buts . 
“And you will know the truth and the truth shall make you free . ” 
To gild refined gold , to paint the Lilly , to throw perfume on the violet , is just fucking silly . 
Christmas rots your guts and empties your wallet . It should be declared a disease , not a public holiday . 
is Bored . 
And when they've given you their all 
Some stagger and fall after all it's not easy 
banging your heart against some mad buggers wall . 
" Go home to tinpot Mussolini concocted principality and don't come back " Says Richard Dawkins to the Pope . 
Sometimes people really get on your tits and sometimes you can't imagine life without them . Odd that . 
bleagh . 
And the prize for polluting my news feed with the most status updates goes to : Beth Shaw , Congratulations , you win my special " Should have signed up for twitter " e-trophy ! 
How do the welsh practice safe sex ? 
They spray paint a cross on the back end of the sheep that kick . 
Sorry to all you welshies out there just a joke ;) 
Is back after attending his uncles wedding and rather enjoyed getting the chance to play with £5000 worth of image stabilised 21 megapixel cannon . 
Just beaten my dad's phone at chess . Awright ! 
Bored . Someone entertain me . 
Is off school because he is temporarily blind . I do however now know what job I want to do- Lumberjack , seeing ( or not as the case may be ) as it was a tree that scratched my eye . Death to the rainforests ! 
Yay , not even 10 oclock and I've already done my good deed for the day :) 
Did you hear about the man who was obsessed with bondage necrophiliac and bestiality ? He realised he was just flogging a dead horse . 
Any man who claims to understand women is either lying or a fool . 
had a great day with Beth today . 
Knee deep snow at my place , what about you , boys and girls ? 
Extremely grateful for my lovely scarf right now . Thankyou Beth ! 
" Growing old is compulsory , growing up is optional . " 
Mmmmmm Irish cream laced hot chocolate . pure win in a cup . 
Today was fun . short day , with lots of joking around , then a sneaky after work drink with Beth Shaw and Christopher George Borland . 
Fucking microsoft and their ' help ' articles , I'd have got more information out of a spastic chimpanzee . 
Aaaargh ! More fucking snow . Brilliant >:( 
666- the devils number , a bit mental but none the worse for it . The first person to say hi to me properly when I started at manners . :) 
Had an EPIC day with beth in derby :) 
I'm just , sittin ' here thinkin ' , sittin ' here drinkin ' , ' bout you . 
What you don't know can't hurt you . Unless its a psychotic stranger . 
The day you are too busy for your friends is the day you no longer deserve them . 
So , who's still up at this late/early hour ? 
Who started this number status business ? 
God , Frankie boyle is so funny but so offensive . Brill ! 
Being banhammered is certainly an interesting experience . 
Eagles may soar , but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines . 
As divided as we are by faith , we are all united by our humanity . 
Fuck ! Why do all my plans go tits up ? 
Oh no , more fucking snow . Brilliant . >:( 
Old Chinese proverb say : Man who walks through doorway sideways with erection is always going to Bangkok . 
Right , Weather permitting a trip to cromford tomorrow , for a visit to scarthins and a lovely traipse home along the canal . 
Has found out why I haven't been receiving texts . My phone was full of shit apps . Problem solved . Feel free to text again peeps . 
" There is not a thin line between love and hate . There is , in fact , a Great Wall of China with armed sentries posted every 20 feet between love and hate . " 
Some people aren't looking for anything logical . They can't be bought , bullied , reasoned or negotiated with . 
Some people just want to watch the world burn . 
I don’t know how to have casual conversation . You think you’re talking about one thing , and either you are and it’s incredibly boring , or you’re not because it’s subtext and you need a decoder ring . 
Humanity is overrated . 
Is looking more and more unshaven . Damn you razor , where have you gone ? :( 
Friend purge completed , If you're still there then congratulations , you've escaped my generalisation of humanity as bastards . Well done you :) 
is feeling rather pleased with himself . 
Quote of the day : " Technically that makes you a prostitute . " 
Thanks to Emma MacDonald for that one , it made my day . 
What's cold , white and unstable ? A Bi-Polar Bear . 
Money can't buy love . But it does buy a very good substitute . 
is back on pink floyd and marilion after an extended leave of absence thanks to metallica . 
Sorry Japan , your 15 minutes of fame is up . Time to bomb an oil rich dictator ! 
Duke Nukem versus Chuck Norris ? who's more epic ? 
Boooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooored 
So many fit girls in the shop today :) 
Phew , Still completely wrecked . Amazing party though , big thanks to Rozz Wesley Wood and Rosie Ann Kellet for organising the whole thing . 
Ok , just out of interest , how would you describe me in a word or short phrase ? No need to be nice , just honest . 
oh great , my antivirus just blocked facebook . clever . Guess what I'm deleting ! 
woopee , work tomorrow and I feel like shite , and am supremely miserable . great . 
