is waiting for the foe to take him on in paintball 
is playing mafia wars 
" Shot through the heart ! And you're to blame Darling you give love A bad name ! " -Bon Jovi- 
anyone need a rat sculpture ? 
playing mafia wars ! 
Looking to get rid of : Diamond Flush Collection : 8's ( x4 ) , 9's ( x2 ) , 10's ( x4 ) , Jacks ( x4 ) , Queens ( x5 ) , Kings ( x3 ) , Ace ( x2 ) Heart Flush Collection : 9 , 10 , Jack , Queen , King , Ace 
can't get enough paintball !! 
nuuu ! Emily is stuck for another week ... 5 minutes of texting her a day isn't satisfying my craving ... 
is ready for paintball 
is in a state of deep concentration 
shhhh ! it's pigeon hunting season .... 
this guy likes to hitlist my family after he gets attacked once .. can we teach him some mannors ? 
special thanks to Ashley Fereday , Mark Haynes , Chad Bainbridge , and Kathleen Pace Haensgen for the support ! I very much appreciate the help !! 
noooo !!! I only got to waste 6 stamina !! 
wants to go paintballing 
is EXTREMELY happy that Emily is back !!! =DD Lots of talking to do to catch up on the past 2 weeks !! Why must she live all the way in Kansas ...? 
lol " please come back in a few days " ? I'm gonna go through withdrawls !! 
Looking to get rid of : Diamond Flush Collection : 8's ( x4 ) , 9's ( x2 ) , 10's ( x4 ) , Jacks ( x4 ) , Queens ( x5 ) , Kings ( x3 ) , Ace ( x2 ) Heart Flush Collection : 9 , 10 , Jack , Queen , King , Ace Boxing Collection : Gloves Cigars Collection : Ivory , Turquoise , Royal Rings 
Can't wait for Emily to get home so he can talk with her again !!! 
lol wow !! thank ya all for the happy birthday !! 
I need to get my modern warfare two fix ... 
Anyone know how pairing RAM chips works ? 
Bulgarian Split Squats officially SUCK !! 
hmmmm .... 14 hours till school starts ... should consider doing homework now 
this is the beginning of a whole new me =] 
Someone get me a wheelchair ... I refuse to walk tomorrow lol 
Lol Cheyanne's gonna be ticked if my Jag's actually pull out the win ... 
Stupid wind , was looking forward to today's flight 
Quote of the year : " Sir , do you know where you are ? " " Uhh ... Hashbrowns ? " 
June 26th 13:02 MST - July 3rd 18:59 MST : Best week of my life ! 
Not a bad day =] 
Lol Kaleb gets to " shadow " me tomorrow 
Loving the Magic Bullet for my smoothies ! 
Hmm ... Hopefully tomorrow my homework load won't be too much , then Kaleb Cantu and I can pick up Dead Space 2 and freak out all night long lol 
Skyping half way across the country to help an awesome friend with her Calculus BC , nerdy ? Yes . But totally sick ! 
Dang ! When did this Avenged Sevenfold album come out ?? I heard nothing about it ! LOVING IT !! 
Easily the happiest man alive =] 
Today is the day =] 
If only the world felt the way I do right now , man =] 
Paintballing in Pahrump in 6 weeks , anyone interested ? 
Drifting , Top Fuel Drags , Rocket Cars and Monster Trucks . It's going to be a pretty good night lol 
Going camping , will be gone : 8/1/10 , 10:00 - 8/7/10 , n/a 
The power of information is the true currency of the world haha 
Lack of sleep begins now , Dead Space 2 freak out ! 
Happy =] Today Went Well 
Well ROTC just took an interesting change to say the least 
Needs a study group for math sometime today after 5 
" I'll be the first to say 
That now I'm okay 
And for the first time 
I've opened up my eyes 
This was my worst love 
You'll be the first to go 
And when she leaves you for dead 
You'll be the last to know " 
-Three Days Grace - Last To Know- 
LOL !!!! I haven't laughed so hard in my life ! These youtube videos of moms being shown footage from Dead Space 2 are HILARIOUS !! 
Woo ! Go Lakers ! 
Thanks A LOT Emily Willson ! I'm totally addicted to Full Metal Panic now ! ;p 
