yay I get off of work early today ! 
WHOSE GOBBLIN ' NOW , TURKEY HUH !!?!?!?! 
I think I am not well . I may have a kidney stone x_x 
lol I feel like some old school beastie boys this morning . I need new music x_x 
dad is in town .... aaaaand i'm super tired . I think I am getting over being sick though ! 
back at ' home ' now 
GOODBYE OPTHALMOLOGY ! in just about a month , I will no longer be working for ophthalmology - i'll be moving to primary care/internal medicine . Whee ! 
Merry Christmas Everyone ! I stayed up too late last night waiting for santa .... arg >_< 
I need some sleep , may opt to do just that this afternoon/evening . Call if you need me for anything 
must sleep early tonight muuuust gooo to beeeeddd 
wolk up at 3am and could not sleep lol O_o ? wtfs 
effing sweet , just drove down eastbay behind a guy in a lowrider with half a dozen Deadmau5 decal sticker things on it . Respect ! 
yay friday ! Why did I have to wake up an hour early though o_O ? 
Looking for some really nice headphones , need to be able to produce deep low frequency sounds and be as unblowable as possible . Price is a debatable issue but terciery . Anyone got suggestions ? 
is plotting something positively eeevvvviiillllllll >:) 
Its a good thing I wolk up before my work alarm this morning , if I had slept any longer , I might have drowned in my own lung butter ! Also , messed up dream . Tim Burton and the Cookie Monsta were in it . Yes not Cookie Monster , Cookie Monsta . 
I hope Feb . brings better days than Jan did . This has been a pretty screwed up month o.o 
having compy problems tonight , gonna maybe go out for a few :P 
Just something I heard last night that I'd like to share with you all . " You don't have to give up to let go . " 
Fixing my damn computer today . Its pretty old , not sure its worth spending more money on tbh : It may be time to start building credit by getting a machine from best buy or something and then returning it the last day available for another one :P ! 
I need a windows home or professional key , mail me if you have a spare ! 
Hooray Linux ! I need to buy a new computer . Anyone selling ? 
Friday ! Woo - and I got off work early :D 
Why is it so cold ? I thought there was global warming . 
sob , now getting bsod on the backup machine ! lol 
Sweet new profile picture . 
it smells like its almost friday . mmm 
SPEAK NOW OR FOREVER HOLD YOUR PEACE ! I have the funds , on a card , ready to spend on that new machine . ANY LAST WORDS !?!? 
Hello , from windows 64bit 7 quad core amd processor :) 
playing internet spaceships , may be slow to respond if u need me :) 
I am also off today . Ryan , Shane , Jeremy , Matt , ANYBODY please feel free to drop me a line ! I got gas maybe we can do something ? :P 
" I trust that your minds are developed enough to take no offense at these things . If not , well , I'm better than you , aren't I ? " - Jhonen Vasquez 
Sudden change of plans . Some work I was hoping to do for my family got canceled , and that may cost me what I need to get to The Honeypot on the 27th . I should know in the next couple days if I am going thurs or not :/ 
My classes can't start yet for CNA . This is turning into suncoast saftey council all over again . FYI if you do not know , suncoast saftey council pretty much robbed me for 900 dollars . I had to pay for the class THREE times before they would mark it complete . Even a judge made me have to skip and pay for another one - and he knew it because I showed him my reciept w/ date >:( 
26 eps of eva done . I need to pick a more lighthearted anime for my next one ! Taking suggestions . 
Radish , I'm not sure why I like you so much . You are typically somewhat bland , though crunchy . 
I need some internets help ! I am looking for a way to tell webcrawlers not to include in their index a specific portion of a website . 
~ *HAY EVERYBODY* ~ 
Always complaining about nothing to do ? Or rather , you can't afford to do anything ? WELL SHUT UP I FOUND SOMETHING THATS FREE AND LOCAL ! I will be DD for the night , let me know if you need a ride ! I can/will take everyone home who needs to go there , a few bucks for gas is helpful ! 
-> This Saturday @ Cafe Alma <- 
Here's an event list , so lovingly prepared by yours truely . I mean the list not the events . Next time you want to say ' this sucks , theres nothing to do around here ' I want you to swallow those words and select from this list of potential epicness . 
Nov 9th : Turbo Tuesday @ FUBAR D.T. St. Pete 1$ 21 ^ 3$ 18-20 
Nov 16th : Turbo Tuesday @ FUBAR D.T. St. Pete 1$ 21 ^ 3$ 18-20 
/ Borgore @ The Crowbar Tampa/Ybor 10$ 
why do I wake up at 6am every day , even though my alarm is and has been set for 7ish ? 

Hrm ... I have a guess but I'll have to investigate . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6sq8fQVByVM 
FRIDAY = BOOM BOOM POW DAY ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4m48GqaOz90 
Thanks to my family for helping with my car ! 
Wikileaks getting hit with DDOS eh ? Can't say I am surprised . 
Don't you hate when you are asked a question that you can't quite formulate an answer to : then it finnaly comes to you hours or days after ? 
dubstep sunrises > 3 
k looks like we will make it on the 27th :D 
heading out for turbo tues ! call me if you need me 
why is hulu quizzing me ? o_O 
Today I join the ranks of florida's jobless ! 
yay tuesday transit appears to be covered ! 
how far would you go for music ? 60 , 70 blocks and back again ? lol 
wisdom teeth go out today , woo ! 
Moved to The Burg . Phone number has changed , please don't call the old one :P 
When I find out what new one is I'll call . If you want a call , shoot me your number and I'll ring you after 9pm . 
CNA thingie taken care of ! tyvm 
Thanks Everyone for the b-day wishes ! 
Has just won his Unemployment Compensation Appeal :) - Thanks for everyone's support , it means a lot and really helps me out ! And I don't blame you naysayers who didn't think I would get it . I didn't think so as well for a little bit . 
baby , song for any season 
I got so many reasons 
you gonna wanna make it someday 
some say girl you're always teasin 
I think you best believe in 
why you gotta drive me crazy ? 
Anyone seen Deadmau5's Giant Touchscreen ? Stuff is amazing . Not a huge fan of house music , but love watching him use that thing ! 
new piccy ^^ 
yay friday 
3day weekends rock ! 
a lot of complaints on fb today . Heres something to cheer you up http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mLtlJepCQ2o 
wow I totally missed Baby Anne tonight ... in the wrong area of st pete ! arg 
how to get caught up on sleep : TURN CELLPHONE OFF ! 
will be leaving to pick people up shortly after 9 ! 
PLEASE 
put this on your status if you know someone who has been eaten by 
dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , 
they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because 
they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers , and the remain ...... ing 1% are awesome as they will repost this . 
Just finished the anime ' Gunslinger Girl ' . It wasn't bad : as normal , the sub is better than the dub . Season 1's art and plot are a bit better than season 2 . TV-14 & TV-MA for violence . Gratuitous amounts of beethoven help make season 1 pretty awesome . 13 and 14 eps per season I think . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AL9DQXrwmF4 
Protip : while making pancakes on the griddle , use of a little extra oil will produce pannycakes with a crisp edge . This crisp edge is extremely yummy and will probably remind you of funnel cakes . If you like funnel cakes , then remember to apply a little bit more oil between pancake batches for that crisp , yummy goodness . 
Honored to have been there with you all . 
U.C. checks went through , huurah ! Sidenote : just need to fix car passenger side window . Also , it appears I may be leaking brake fluid . Good thing its only 3 bucks to buy more lol . 
I would like to know who is going to Super Ghouls ' n Ghosts Dubstep Spectacular ft . DATSIK tonight ! I need to know if I am picking anyone up/where or when I can meet those of you who have your own ride . Call me or message me on here ~ 727-504-9370 
Walking to Turbo Tuesday . Its decided . " I'll catch you on the flipside " - Rocco 
woops found mah phone lol 
leavin 9:30 , will let you know how FUBAR makes bumpidy bumps when I get back . Call if you wanna go :P number should be on my page if you go down a day or two . I forget it D: 
Starting Tomorrow ( first day of October ) , I will be posting for you , one Halloween-Worthy link every day ! This will range from music , to art , to quotes , to whatever I find that has a scary , macabre , or melancholy element to it . I will also be applying for jobs so these links will be shared friends-friends only . ~ Be Seeing You 
At some point , it became not-okay to be friendly , thoughtful , and helpful to general people anymore . ' No good deed goes unpunished ' right ? And if YOU people want pick up the phone and call me we will talk . I won't hold my breath >:3 
Tues will rock . 
wolk up at 3:30 am . Listening to dubstep , and my how time flies . 
if anyone out there is dating a cougar , do you massage their crow's feet ? 
It would appear JTHM's first graphic novel is available for free on google books ! I know what Oct III will bring >:3 
correction : apparently borgore is from israel ? Still awesome ! 
What are you guys up to today ? 
sucky : was driving home last night on US19 , in the fast lane ( 55mph ) and there was a white van ahead of me in the lane to my left : the turn lane . Well he decided , without blinker , that he changed his mind and wanted back into the fast lane . His 0-whatever crawl vs my 55-0 stop ended up in me screwing up my car somewhat . 
Sahhhwweeeeeet ! Just got my AIWA sterio system working again ! Dual inverted cone subs are win . I hope my sis , her husband , and the neighbor don't mind lol . 
You guys missed out on tuesday . Those who didn't go . We have some real local talent , and I think more of us need to be out there supporting them ! Not only are they talented but also good peeps . Really , florida , what more do you want ? 
Funny part about those people from Zozo . Everyone had the time , but it just wasn't right lol :P 
trying to fix a flat for tonight ! 
shane's acct is bugged out :P 
" I Feel Sick " is like what " Daria " should have been . A book , and way more awesomes ! 
Tuesday was AWESOME ! There was no shortage of awesome last night . The Awesome Train left station and went ' CHOOT-CHOOT ' all awesome aboooooaaaard ! 
have fun @ new college guys :P 
another interview woot woot ... HIRE ME PLS ! 
IF YOU WANNA GO TO TURBO TUESDAY LET ME KNOW ! I have room in my car but I'm not sure how much extra room there may be , if at all . Would like to bring everybody who wants to go : please text or call or respond on FB if you need a ride and wanna go tonight . Thanks ! 
Anyone want a ticket to Attack Attack @ Janus on wednesday ? Message me or call me 727-504-9370 
Last Turbo Tuesday ... was awesome ! I got to meet some awesome people , got to return a good deed , got to meet MORE awesome people , listen to some great music , and have a freakin great time . 
Sometimes , I just wanna ask ... what were you people thinking !?!? 
Cowboy Bebop rocks , mushroom samba eps is on :) 
The new subs @ FUBAR are nice ! 
Eliot Chang = win 
drop ball ... lol 
Applying to some GI places . Wish my name was joe , so if I get hired and have to take a phonecall , I can answer " G-I J-O-E !!!! " 
its going to be a fiiiiine night tonight ! 
did anyone catch adventure time ? rainicorn and dog wars one ? 
stomach needs to leave me alone , its not like I don't feed it and give it plenty of water ! mi duele :( 
Giada de Laurentiis . 
I feel so much better after a good night's sleep . 
listening to Neil read " The Graveyard Book " 
Ahh fate , you are whimsical of late . 
A beautiful young lady is asleep in the next room . When she wakes , I'll make her coffee and some breakfast . I should like to do this more often in the future :) 
Possible job @ Manatee Memorial ! Hrm 
?? 
artichoke artichoke ... where have you been my whole life ? 
food prep ! :D 
should be arriving 1:30 - 2:30 :d 
I hope people are hungry ! I just put together 50 shishkabobs :D 
Hope everyone had a great night as I did ! 
owie , ear ache x_o 
I can now say with all honesty , that I have heard the sound of frogs wrasslin ' : 9 
arg I'd rather be sleeping ... 
besieged by lung butter ! 
time to delete yesterday's frustrations : 9 
is anyone up now D: ? 
Good Times . ;) 
OK GUYS ! I need a name for a pet BUG ! This is all just theory and conjecture , but if you had to name a pet bug , what would you name it ? ( bug type unspecified ) 
CAN IT BE TUESDAY YET PLX ? 
bored and in the mood to cook 
So effing bored , somebody call me ! 
feels like I'm operating on 40% today 
Not sure why but I have gotten into the habit of pruning my posts since last week . No offense meant if your replies , likes , or statements disappear ^^ 
Great time last night ! Thanks all involved :) 
I do love the rain . 
GO NC PPL GO ! * BOOM * OOHH YEEEAHH !!! - cookout at the compound . Message me for details . 
OK guys , could use some help if you can help me ! I need an ESCAPE PLAN . Or as many small cumunilitive escape plans as possible . Escapism goal is for as much of next week as humanly possible . I need to be away from home as much as possible AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE ! ... _ _ _ ... 
with so many scenes out there to chose from ... I'm going back to demoscene ! 
Issuing a formal apology for my april fools joke . I guess I thought it was funny and a couple people got upset with me when they found out I was just messing around with the relationship status thing . I'm glad some of you were genuinely excited for me , and I'm sorry for raining on that parade . Bad april fools joke is bad D: 
Beware The Ides of March >:) 
