can not wait to go to Six Flags with Kevin this Saturday . Too bad family & Uncle will be with .... but , it will be my birthday . :D 
finds it very amusing how a child's mind is like a sponge . They are very gullible . Sorry huns , but the fish will not crawl out of the fish tank . 
Who else plays nethernet ? 
Walking is a bitch . Dealing with parents is a bitch . Dad is a bitch . You is a bitch . I is a bitch . Life is a bitch . 
Waiting for Kevin to get home in a hour & 30 mins . Just remembered that I have a facebook ... again . 
Why must we freak over such simple things as a little rain ? Just shut up and be glad that you are not dealing with worse weather . Now , when we Georgian folks get hit by a hurricane as bad as Ike or Katrina .... then , freak out all you want . ME ? I'll be too busy standing outside in the middle of it with a cigarette in hand . 
is engaged . Who would of ever expected that from me ? 
got to see Kat today . YAY ! 
" I'm the plumber tonight , I'll check your pipes . " 1 . Mario ? 2 . Luigi ? 3 . Ya , I think Mexicans know all too well about plumbing and not in the sexual way that is suggested by that song . Source : Hotel Room Service - Pitbull . 
' s friend just got robbed . Pro : Guy said " That's my money bitch ! " and drove away . Con : 5 dollars of that money was mine . 
working on developing characters for book idea with fiance . Apparently he likes my writing too much and is forcing me to write something fictional , which just so happens to be right in my jurdistiction . 
Has no idea what happened at 3AM when " He " was on the phone for 30 minutes with an old friend . And , I intend to get answers once he gets home . Not that it will be bad , he was telling his old friend about " Us " and I want to know her reaction .... which will not be good . 
I don't want to wait all the way to beginning 2010 for the Miles Edgeworth game on DS . I want it now ! I'm fully prepared to snatch my Nintendo DS back from my sister just to play it . 
They say that guns dont kill people , people kill people . Well I think the gun helps . If you just stood there and yelled BANG , I dont think youd kill too many people . -- Eddie Izzard 
Patrick Swayze died yesterday .... not that I care . At least people won't go all crazy about his death like they did with Michael Jackson . In other news , did you hear that there is going to be a new Michael Jackson movie coming out ? 
Heaven Alford : They seem to just let anyone on the internet these days . Gah , would help if there was a test to prove your intelligence in order to get online . Make it less frustrating for me . ;D Hey Loser . 
makes people lose faith in the world , 1 by 1 . 
is pissed ! I got kicked out of Emory Children's Hospital . I am not allowed to stay at the hospital while my fiance is there . WHAT THE FUCK ! He is not even in pain now or anything . They don't know what is wrong and refusing to allow him to leave . 
would love to slap the bitch that told my fiance to go get hit by a bus , just because he is with me and no chance of him ever being with her . Heaven Alford > Let's go beat down a bitch ! RAWR ! You bring the crow-bar and I shall bring the shovel ! Someone help us find the hole ! 
Apparently , you can have a really inappropriate status and get it deleted by Facebook . Don't joke about [ Aborting things ] in your status . Naughty , Naughty ! 
Tomorrow : Pizza , Sprite , Robo , Camel Crush , Charles , Kevin , & I . A grand night to be enjoyed . 
Dream Job : Abortionist . How do I go about it ? Kidding or not ? Who knows . 
Amanda Hogge - You saw Colbert last Wednesday ? Two words : Crispy Cones . 
Quick ! Someone name some whore stores for me by Halloween . NO ! It is not for me ! 
Wonders if it is worth going outside and freezing my ass off ... just to smoke a cigarette . Yet , I'll be going outside in the cold at 3AM just to hang with Brandon for a hour . 
is making a list and checking it twice : Bands that I will be seeing with Kevin in concert . Good thing that we agree on nearly all of them . Hopefully our next concert-going experience will not be along the lines of Warp Tour . I want something harder . 
misses Brandon Mayfield . Damn your daddy to Hell ! 
is pondering the Scam that is Pirate Bay and wishes for some understanding over the issue to find if she is incorrect . Pirate Bay Blog wants you to donate to openinternet.se, yet the donation link ( I did not intend on donating . Was checking it out after reading some comments on the issue ) takes you to paypal that shows the donation will be sent to donations@openinternet.net . 
found out just how hard it is to go bra shopping with a transgender today . 
movie on The Runaways ..... Kirsten Stewart as Joan Jett ..... Oh gah ! EW ! 
' s fiance is in the hospital , spending the night . Me ? I'm stuck at my parent's house because I had to work today . If he don't get out of hospital tomorrow , I'm skipping work and going to spend the night at the hospital with him . This is first night in three months that I have to sleep in a bed without him next to me with his arms around me . 
just needs to get Parallel Parking down , then .... license . :D 
works today at 5 . Has to go to work at 2 due to ride . UGH ! Who wants to wait up at their job for three hours ? 
is sick of the lies and deceit . Why can't one just admit that they may of took Kevin's phone and my $50 ? Or at least hid it ? And , they keep asking where my money is as if to take away suspicion from themselves , but it does not work . All it does is make me suspect them more . 
is watching Wanted with two closet christmas trees . 
must admit to doing a happy dance with Kevin after he found my $50 . Turns out the true culprit of stealing my money was his school planner . YOU EVIL PLANNER YOU ! 
Smoked a whole pack of Marlboro Menthol less than four hours after getting it . 
Damn you Child Emancipation Laws ! 
Sleepy . Have to go to work in 17 hours . Won't get to see Kevin for four days . Blah-age ! I want a remote control that makes time not pass for a good bit , so I get lots of time with Kevin until then . 
Thanksgiving with Kevin's family . Then , a hour with my parents . Not so bad . My parents loved Kevin . Dad still gave me shit . Oh well . 
Joined WoW last night . Somebody shoot me ! 
Britnee Richardson <- PSH ! I like people ... when they give me food ! :D 
Newton & Rockdale Counties under flood watch til 7AM Friday . Ugh . Damn rain . I won't let it stop me from smoking though . 
is in a relationship more odd than any that you been in ! 
Gets to see Kevin tomorrow . Woot ! And , I may be living in Florida next year . Free Apartment , aside from water bill . Damn , nice connections . 
You all just make trolling ever so easy that I can no resist ! Silly Face-Bookians . 
" Propaganda pays you to SUCK MY COCK " - Kevin . { I love that kid ! } 
Thinks parents suck and want to see Matty today ! I only got to hang out with him for about five minutes yesterday before his mom was demanding he go home . I also want Kevin to stop smoking all my damn cigarettes and leaving me hardly with any . 
Missing Kevin . Can't wait to leave parent's house and see him again Sunday . 
had to work today and everything sucked .... but , oddly only person got along with was dad . First time I bought him a card and gift , he was happy and nice . :D 
believes " Reefer Madness " to be the weirdest movie ever ! 
I hate my job . They are harassing me each day a few hours before my shift . Have not had good sleep in the past 3 days due to them calling/texting my cellular device . They are threatening to only have me work 1-2 days now a week for simply calling tomorrow off . WTF ! They have people not show up or call off constantly . I call off for once since September & they want to now act like I'm the most un-reliable person ever . 
Stressed out due to Kevin's mom attempting to fuck us over . I hope we can make enough for an apartment soon . 
I think I am spoiled .... just got Brandy and Kevin to walk out in the cold to get vegetable oil from Brandy's house to make me Chicken Tenders . :D 
sure wishes Kev would hurry back with those cigarettes . I hear the faint call of Camel Crush . 
has discovered one of the worst things ever : Meowing Sex Noises . Clarification : Kevin and I came back inside . Kevin wanted to get on his mom's computer to check something .... couldn't get in for a reason . At first , we thought nothing of it .... until we heard the noises . His cat was clawing at the door wanting out because of what was going on in the room . The meowing noises were NOT from the cat ! 
I just licked Kevin's hand . 
Someone come to my house and change the channel now ! THE NEWS ARE ON ! 
Tonight's Plan : Level Alt to at least Lvl 25 and do at least 4 Instances . Send 20G to Mzfit . 
finds your face amusing ! 
You know what sucks ? Facebook . You know what [ also ] sucks ? COMCAST ! The bill got paid and they decided to do something where it won't work now and blame it on the modem . " Oh , it is the modem " Bullshit ! It was working right before they cut it off . We paid the bill , they said it would start working . It won't . Maybe , I don't like having to pirate neighbors internet to be able to get online . Ever thought of that !?! 
Did you know that you can get drunk off Pure Peppermint Extract that you can get at the store for about $2-3 ? The poor man is pathetic .... yet , WINS AT LIFE ? 
Annoyed with faulty apps . On one such app , no matter how many times I go about trying to import one of my toons , it doesn't . 
Ah , Just Fuck My LIFE !!!! 
I don't like you New Facebook ! Go away ! 
Valentines was not all it could have been . Kevin was amazing and sweet .... Just , there was a stupid cunt souring the mood the whole damn time with her fucking " BULLSHIT ! " 
Watching King of the Hill - like one really could detox from smoking in a damn day ! Stupid inaccurate televised programs . It was entertaining , yet idiotic . 
Now have BC & WOTLK for WoW . :D 
Krista For President 2012 ! 
Be nice if Facebook could get their shit together and allow me to reply to messages ! 
misses Kevin ever so much for no one can miss him as much as thee . I love that kid and wish for him to come home today . They better not delay fixing his car or I shall be angry at those lazy ass mechanics at Firestone . 
Worried sick . I may of lost a friend tonight ... not sure . Trying to get in contact with him or find someone that can . I really hope he did not go through with his suicidal plans . 
Thursday - Kevin's Birthday & Otep Concert . 
Bah Humbug ! 
Having fun hacking on my sister's myspace and causing chaos . 
Don't make me pop your boobs ! 
I spent several hours at hospital today with a friend , I can't go to sleep now . Wide awake ! Poo ! I blame Krista Iker for passing her insomnia status messages to me ! 
Is life not funny how it works ? You start off not liking someone and later find them to be awesome . I once believed her to be a bit off the rocker ... now , I'm considering her a close friend . Imagine that ! 
I'm getting a white kitty soon , but I need to have a name already for it . Help ? 
Best news for me : Mayhem Fest in Atlanta Georgia is on August 1 . I'll be back from California by then , I still get to go . Yesh ! 
Sydney Lee , your grandmother is caught up in a tree like a cat . Call the fire ambulance . Why else would she not be home ? Unless ..... Granny needed a late night booty call ! 
I dedicate this post to the nausiating couple that is my sister and her boyfriend that keep spamming Facebook Status with " I love you ! " " Am I a horrible girlfriend ? " 
It is sooo close ! This saturday ... ZOMG ! Josh Boston , You better be ready ! Time for you to be torn a new asshole ! I'm going to push your ass into a mosh pit ! 
I expected to come home to find my cat happy to see me . She was happy alright .... happy to show me that she peed on my bed , all over the kitchen floor , on the kitchen counters , and dug all the trash out of the trash can . Cat is now outside for next few hours . -- I didn't like my present ! 
At the pool today , a guy named " Duckie " made me a ring out of a dollar bill . And , then he made a ring for the hotel receptionist , they are to get " Married " in Vegas under the Church of Elvis ! Lol . Tonight was amusing and certainly made my stay in California at least somewhat enjoyable . 
So what am I doing Facebook ? You tell me ! 
Naa , I'm hanging with Joshy-Poo & Kevin . Sydney may come by later with his two stomachs . 
Enjoying my prized love , aside from Kevin , Mashed Potatoes ! 
Job interview later today , around 1PM . Waffle House . 
I want to report the Mitt Romney Facebook page for : Lies . 
Sydney woke me up to " Well you should add Jack Skeleton to your profile Kevin . You know ... to Support Child Abuse ! " 
Sad that I see my sister's boyfriend more than she does ! 
If Sydney drinks one of my drinks ever again .... :: Makes neck slitting motion . :: 
Great news : I will be online more due to my " job " until I can get a real land based one . For now , I am answering questions on ChaCha as a guide . So , text ChaCha at 242242 or call 1-800-2CHACHA . I need more questions to add up and get money . I get $0.02 for each question answered . Not much , but it does add up in the end . 
Dad approves of Kevin & I being engaged . Thank God ! { Not religious , just using the phrase ! } That takes off a lot of stress from my back . I would of cried if he told us " NO . " 
ZOMG ! I been stalked ! <3 & Missed you soo much Xubst ! 
I wish I was there to see it : Girl gave handjob while crying . 
What does one do when all the facts are finally presented to them and they come to find that their best friend is a liar or delusional ? Do you let things continue or bring things to a sudden halt ? Do you set things straight or allow the charade to keep going ? How many people have to get hurt before you step in ? 
Disturbing post to come home to : A guy's status message is " I miss my baby ! " when that baby is your little sister . 
Fuck you Facebook and your " like " button . I demand a " Dislike " button for bad status messages . I can't just put " Like " when someone tells me they got cheated on or dad died . .... Or dad cheated on them and then died . 
-Bored . -Hungry . -MAKE ME FOOD ! 
Jesus was a Jew , so .... Jesus is Jewish ! Take that Christians ! ;D 
I <3 Family Guy . 
I learned something about my mom that I wished I never knew .... I hate you Heaven ! Bad sister ! You don't say things like that .... ugh . I wish there was a way to wash my brain and eyes out with soap . 
Finally , there is an exact date as to when I will be leaving Georgia for a few months . :: May 16 - Sunday . 
About to look up Druidism , Kevin made it sound interesting . I actually enjoy looking up religions , I just don't like uptight Christians shoving God into my face . 
I hate stupid acid-reflex . :( 
This is sick ! A guy raped a little boy at the concert I went to today . Don't know how he did that with so many people around for so long before getting caught ... don't want to know . Just .... Ewww ! 
Zomg ! I got a job interview for tomorrow at CVS at 5.30 PM ! Woot ! Hope they hire me ! Just wish Kevin wasn't acting all jealous and killing the mood . 
Let's see how creative my facebook friends are ... Leave me a 1 word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of your FIRST name ... It can only be 1 word ... then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you ... 
Watching Candace ruin my carpet with nail polish ! Gah , how do we explain that to Kevin's mom ? She better be right that Nail Polish Remover will fix it . 
You hurt me today , the day I tell you that I 100% trust you . Get in line bitches , lets all give me a slap on the back and across the face . 
Best part about knowing my sister's email : I can easily get into her Facebook and send myself stuff on apps that I use . 
We got guitar hero . Heading home to play it . No reserving or lines . 
Kid kills himself by jumping off a bridge due to cyber bullying on Facebook . So , CNN is going to talk to Dr. Phil on the matter . Wait ... what ? He is not even a real doctor ! Since when has Dr. Phil been the expert on suicide ? 
Why must men go the long way just to get what they want , when the fastest method is easier , doesn't involve my computer modem being unplugged , me with a headache , and a damn black box inbetween my legs ? Just move the damn bed to one wall and the television to the other side if you want fucking cable television ! 
I love you !!! Heaven Alford :D You evil little brat you ! 
I am going to fucking scream ! I got Park place for that McDonald's Monopoly . The prize is one million ! Sydney's mom's ignorant boyfriend threw away Syd's pieces .... He had Broadwalk ! HE THREW AWAY ONE MILLION DOLLARS TODAY ! He is lucky it is illegal to murder him ! 
Kevin's car died . Now , have to find way to work from home , get a free car by miracle , or somehow get enough to pay for him to have a new one . He won't let me sell my guitar , which could of got us at least $300 towards him having a car . 
Freaking out ! Some creepy ass shit is happening and I know I am not fucking insane ! 
Still trying to think of Halloween ideas . :( Trying to get Kevin to go as Batman or House . Josh as a slave , dog , or male prostitute . Sydney as Black Jesus or a terrorist . Me as .... I don't know . So far , we thought of school girl , teacher , Josh's pimp , or Kevin & I both dress as opposite gender . I don't remember trick-or-treating , but mom said I did about 2 times . So , I want to make this Halloween memorable . 
is bisexual and today is National Coming Out Day . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and only five states plus DC recognize that love , not gender , is what matters in a marriage . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/aqkDtU . 
Someone decided to hack one of Kevin's old email accounts , sign him up for two dating sites , and try to make it look like he was cheating . Account was rarely checked , so no problem deleting . If you are going to try to set someone up , at least know enough about them to make it look legit . 
Oh gah .... Sydney won't stop claiming Ginger ( The Cat ) knows so and so ... due to a stupid YouTube video with " Thanks Ginger " in the title . 
Back home now . Left earlier for ice cream with my father and Kevin . It was great and I now know my dad is completely okay with Kev . He seemed rather accepting and joked with us often . Life is looking up and I was happy that my relationship with my dad is great now . I been missing this , I been wanting my dad to be proud of me and accepting of all that I do . 
This is a Public Announcement from Sydney & Brit : WE WANT HANNAH MONTANA SOCKS ! NOWW !!! 
I think I am going to gag from watching my sister and her boyfriend post back to each other . Imagine them getting married , Josh Boston would be my brother-in-law ..... They already act like a love sick couple ! ZOMG ! I miss youuuu ! WTF ! One of them would leave the room for a minute .. " I miss youuuu " . 
Sydney Lee , you waste texts ! If you are going to respond to a text I send you , don't just have it consist of a single damn letter . " K " is not a worthy reply . Neither is " OK " . Two letters is just as bad ! You know ... people in Africa don't get to text their friends . I think they would be more than happy to be able to send a text message to someone that didn't consist of a single letter . 
WTF is with the " Free T.I. " status messages . I have seen more than 13 people say it online today ! 
Who steals from a buffet ? Well , I'm going to Golden Corral tomorrow with some tuber-wear containers . Syd's grandma will pay for us if we bring her back sugar-free cake . I'm making sure I get her that damn cake ! 
Annoyed , Isaac is taking all my shit and keeps making life hard . 
Happy birthday to me ! Happy father's day to dads everywhere . I got free alcohol for my birthday that I have hidden . :D 
Yes Facebook , ask me what is on my mind . Well ... This is a robbery ! Now , put all the money and .... everyone's passwords in the bag ??? Yeah , this is not working out . 
Don't bother calling me , forgot cell phone charger at home . -.- So , can only be contacted by parent's home phone at moment , facebook , or by email . Blah . I can't believe I failed to grab my charger when my cell was half-dead ! 
I swear .... Satan Kitty ! Took me one hour to get its white feline butt back into the house ! It is making things hard and Kevin's mom already is not happy with " Lily " being here . 
At pool , hope we leave Shitty California tomorrow as planned . I miss my Kev , about Twenty days since I seen him . I even miss my dork wad Josh . 
Caitlyn can kill me later , creepy stalker :D , quiting cold turkey was torture . So , I'm just going to cut back until I quit ... which is why I smoked only one cigarette this morning instead of three . 
Christmas 23rd , Kevin gave me my engagement ring ... which I love ! Christmas , My parents couldn't stop falling asleep . New years Eve , My cat gave me a great present by throwing up four times due to eating a spicy chicken nugget . ... No , I don't consider that great . Oh , and Kevin now can't say " Pirate Ship " without it sounding like a curse word due to getting his tongue pierced today . 
I want food ... wonder if I could threaten my sister's boyfriend into cooking for me . 
I think some Russian girl thinks I'm a guy online and is trying to solicite me for a free pass out of Russia . I went along with it at first by sending two emails back , just thinking it was a joke .... I'm now fully convinced that it is not a friend playing a joke on me . This psycho is talking about marriage and keeps sending me pictures of herself . She ended the letter with " Your girlfriend Elena " . 
" I pee skittles and poop butterflies ! That is scary right ? " 
Don't you hate it when you learn your sister 
just might be ... A HOE ! 
Want to see Children of Bodom at Masquerade , but it would be $35 a ticket . Poo . :( I hope I have enough by then . Always wanted to see them and haven't yet . 
Holy shit , today was crazy ! Car broke down on the way to Uproar , somehow fixed it , and still made it on time to see all the bands I wanted to see . Missed three bands , but that is okay . Avenged did amazing ! Saw Sean Flash Mmfwcl Mendez , Kayla Garrison , & Kyler Garrison there . 
Can't wait to watch Aaron Eckhart's " Thank You for Smoking " , just have to wait for Kevin to stop laughing his ass off at the reviews . If he does not die from laughing , I get to watch the movie . :D It is an old film that came out in 2006 , I think . 
Tomorrow : I get to see Kevin . Monday : Torture with Uncle Vann and mom fighting . Tuesday : Leave for California for 20 days . BLAH ! Don't wanna go ! 
I been watching Syd play " Five " on Call of Duty : Black Ops for the past two weeks and finally decided to play today . You know it is sad if I get more kills on " Five " than a bunch of supposed veterans my first time playing . All I have to say is .... " WATCH YOUR STUPID DOORS ! " ... Stupid people opening additional areas instead of watching their doors . 
I am tempted to change Lily's name ( The Cat ) to Dish Washer or DW for short . I . She cleans all sauce and liquids from my bowls and plates once I'm done with them . Eating all left over food as well . II . Arthur was a great cartoon ! 
I washed a dog for the first time . Hanging with Josh & Syd right now . We are going to be hanging with Clitrissa later tonight . HEHE ! She is going to kill me when she sees what we are calling her . 
Kevin stepped on a big wolf spider outside the door ... Over fifty or more small baby spiders scattered from it , because it carried them all in a pouch on its back that broke when he stepped on it . Worst part ... There is two more outside a few feet from the door and Kevin is now too freaked out to step on them as well , afraid same thing will happen . 
What is a nice way of telling Kevin Eskew that I don't give a shit about his damn Pokemon ? If you see this Kev , Shut the fuck up about " Which pokemon should I pick ? " I don't care ! I was 10 back when I gave a shit ! ;D Thank you and go fuck Sydney Lee 
Okay world , stop applying for scholarships ! I need to win one ! 
About to scream ! Why ? Well , stupid hotel deciding to do fire alarm testing non-stop for four hours ! It is getting louder each time ! Flashing lights . I think I'm going deaf ! UGHH ! 
Today is soo off to a bad start . My mouse just shot me in the eye ! I went to open the bottom to change the batteries .... the back popped up and got me directly in the left eye . Oww . 
Does anyone know where I can find a working alternator for free or cheap for a Pontiac Grand Am SE 1993 ? Don't know cars , assuming that the part varies by car and has to be for that specific car . My mode of transportation ( Kevin's car ) ... alternator is burning and about to die . 
Stayed the night at Josh's . I'll be here another night as well , supposed to leave late tonight to go with Josh , his mom , and sister to a Karaoke bar . Oh gah , I hope I don't embarrass myself . I don't intend to sing , but his mother is rather persuasive . Kevin will be back Sunday and finally I'll be able to sleep on my mattress on the floor with my life-size stuff animal that is Kevin . 
Quitting is harder than it seems ! 
Would be enrolled into college today if GCSU was not a bitch and denied me my own fucking information ! " Oh , we can't disclose that to you unless you ask for it in writing . " Umm ... That is transcripts that have to be asked for in writing and be sent off to schools . Yes , I wanted that too . But , I was asking them for Total Credited Hours Earned & Attempted . 
Heaven Alford , You are an idiot ! You thought Sydney was Josh on the phone ! " I'm sleepy because I just finished fucking a rabbit ! " HAHA ! Loserrr ! 
Can't wait for September 4 , going to Uproar with Kevin & Josh . 
The thing I hate most about Kevin playing WoW : I want a cigarette with him and have to wait for him to finish his damn dungeon ! Josh's girlfriend's vagina is a damn dungeon ! 
Felt good to speak out my mind and say good 
bye to someone whom deserves it . No secrets . I'll say here . Good Bye 
Amber Rae Melton . Done ! 
Nearly cried just now , looking up people that I used to know in High School on facebook . I went to look up Douglas Alley and suddenly remembered .... he is dead . Ouch . :( 
Happy 22nd Birthday Kris ! Another year older and another year closer to ruling the world ! ( With your huge ass breasts ! ) 
To decide if he would stay or leave , Sydney made the decision off a fucking coin toss ! LAME ! 
R.I.P. Lily ... The cat that tried to bite me . She will be missed as she is now outside in the cold wondering why she is on punishment . I loved you well ... see you in a hour bad kitty ! 
is bisexual and National Coming Out Day is tomorrow . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and only five states plus DC recognize that love , not gender , is what matters in a marriage . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/aqkDtU . 
" We are all whores , just some of us get paid . " - Chiodos . 
Hooking Sydney Lee up with a drag queen . :D 
I hate you Wil , I am actually doing this . Damn you to Hell ! 

Like my status and I'll tell you : 1 . Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 . The color you remind me of . 3 . My first memory of you . 4 . The animal you remind me of . 5 . Something I've always wondered about you . 6 . My favorite thing about you . 7 . A ... weird nickname for you . 8 . Challenge you to post this . 
Someone switch last names with me on Facebook for a week ! 
How come PETA has yet to attack Poke'Mon for its use of Dog fighting or other brawls between rats & animals ? 
About to take this bitch home ! Can't wait ! Selfish , bled for 19 damn days , clogged toilet with her stupid bloody shit and toilet paper that will later have to be un-clogged .... uggh !, broke a fan , twisted Kevin's ankle , and nearly broke several other items . I want the girl gone out of this house and my life ! 
I told Sydney if he don't stop singing , I was going to stab him . Now , he is telling me how that won't work and I would have to roll his fat ass out of the room . -.- I hate fat niggers . 
Have to work tomorrow at 7:30 AM until around ... I think 1PM . Have to do 4 yards and some painting . At least I get to hang with Josh , Syd , & Kevin sometime afterward . Concert this Saturday . Excited ! Dreading September 23 ... 11 years since dad's accident and when he changed . 
Nastiest thing I have came home to by far .... Maggots in the damn blender ! Call up Samuel Jackson , get that black guy to make another movie cursing about shit . Hope he dies by said blender ! 
Oh how Syd amuses me so much , poor boy thinks he is hardcore . Only thing hard about him is fitting through doors . Kidding ... 
Kevin decided to act like he had turrets at a stop light ... Car next to us laughed and pointed . Someone followed me for a whole fucking hour and I had to take side roads and act like I was going to go off a ditch to lose them . 
Most embarrassing thing you can do at work : Answer the phone and say " Hello . Thank you for calling ( Insert name of your old job ! ) This is ( Name ) . How can I help you ? " I nearly died ! Next time I was about to answer the phone , the woman training me was all " Remember to say Boarders this time . " 
Busy , Busy . Two stories I have to work on . Two tattoos people want me to draw for them , so they can take my design to the tattoo artist . Comic book that Syd wants me to collaborate with him on and write out the story . 
Proof I love that damn dog across the street : I carried his heavy ass all the way home just so he wouldn't get hit by a car . He followed me and wouldn't stop running across the road like he was suicidal . So , I carried him ... I got home covered with dog fur ! It was even in my mouth ! Showered . Went outside and he wanted me to pick him up again ! 
Syd : " Josh , Karma is a bitch . " 
Me : " Karma is a bitch ? " 
Syd : " Yes it is , I believe in Karma ! " 
Me : " Then , you are its bitch . " 
Syd : " ..... " 
9/11 is sad , but I can easily come up with a few people I wish were there and died . 
Syd is spending the nite ! Time to torture him . :D 
Mommy ... there is a big scary fat black man in my room talking about beating me hard . I just hope he is talking about Guitar Hero . 
Little girl had her dad come up to Kevin today , she wanted her dad to talk to Justin Beiber . WTF ! 
Even children can be famous and making millions , our dear Billy Corgan is proof of that . 
Play my little puppet , Play ! I am applying for jobs online as I have my Sydney Puppet play Guitar Hero and get 40 stars on everything . We are working on Dominating Quest Mode at the moment . :D I hate Austin's venue , so that is Sydney's set list . Once he is done , I'm doing Lar's venue . Ah , sweet music of hard rapid beats that actually require skill . 
I have an annoying 18-year old beside me trying to rip my 8-gauge out 
of my ear . Does anyone want to take him off my hands ? Going for the low 
price of $1 . He is fully potty trained and will annoy your neighbors for 
hours . >> Pictures to see what you are getting : Kevin Eskew 
Sydney actually stuck my nail file down the hole of his ..... yeah ... 
If I don't know who the fuck you are , don't tag me in a picture of you ..... especially not as the space in-between your eyes . 
It has been established that in a near death situation , that the keys to the car will not be handed to me . It seems Kevin , Josh , & Sydney all believe that I would be the one out of the group to leave them all behind . With zombies involved ..... aww , they know me soo well . I would make sure to bring Kevin with . Sorry Josh & Sydney , your deaths were not in vain . 
Does it hurt when you lick your own balls ? 
I have to talk to the sheriff now due to Daniel's lying ex-girlfriend . Claims he stole from her when we took him to her house to see if she was really dead . She faked death , lied to him all weekend , and now trying to lie to get us in trouble . 
Trying hard for a job , hate this whole process due to how competitive it is and hard to get an actual job . 
Zomg ! I miss the old days of being in High School ! I miss getting in trouble for falling asleep . Getting in trouble for actually being awake in class , telling a teacher they are wrong and the correct answer , only to be told to go back to sleep . Miss the horrible food . Running into Christ Abbot and his trashy now ex-hoe . Leaving Economics to go hang with Kelly in her art class . 
I knew there was a reason I don't eat candy anymore , I just ate Nerds and now my mouth is bleeding . 
New Name ! Mwahahah ! 
Dad's computer fixed now ! Woot ! Time to get it out of here and back to his house . Then , waiting here for Melissa to show up . :D 
Going to bed finally ! So , exhausted after what seemed to be a rather long day . Woke up to drop Heaven off home , had breakfast with Kevin's family to celebrate his grandfather's birthday , had to wake Kevin up and deal with attitude , meet a good friend of Kevin's from his youth , pick up Dumb & Dumber { Josh & Syd } , and pick up cat food for Ginger with a hyper Kevin & Josh . Tired . 
ZOMG ! I got the job at Borders ! Training tomorrow from 6AM - 10AM . GAH ! So early ! I guess I sign paperwork for job after the training . 
Why all the " Happy Halloweens " ? It is not Oct 31 yet ! 
Halloween Costume Ideas : GO ! 
Set some whore's sock on fire in the middle of the street tonight . Who knew a sock could be on fire for over 10 minutes ... 
Sometimes ..... just sometimes those cheesy pick up lines work . 
Just been rearranging books and shelf-ing them . So excited , actual real training starts Friday ! I either get to work as cashier up front or in the cafe for training ! I wish I wasn't off tomorrow ! I love my job ! 
Saw Burlesque with Kevin at 12:10 , it was amazing . I loved every moment of it ! 
Got a job interview at Borders on Monday at 2PM . So excited ! I want this job so bad ! 
Two words : Cat Stew . Don't deny it Sydney . :D 
In a few hours it will be day time , you can't hide for long kitty ! I will find and rescue you ! Whether you like it or not ! 
I wish I had my camera when I found my cat on all fours using the toilet and not missing . 
You know it is pretty sad if people instantly know whom you are referring to when you state for the first time , " The light is on to know when Satan comes . " It is pretty sad if Satan is the new title your cat possesses . 
After not smoking for a whole entire week .... I am so god damn bored out of my mind ! I don't even go outside anymore ! I had more interesting conversations and more fun in my life back when I smoked cigarettes ! GAH ! 
Never was a girl with a wicked mind 
But everything looks better , when the sun goes down 
Watching " Full-Metal Jacket " with Kev , Josh , & Syd . I normally hate movies that pertain to the war .... but , this movie is really good . 
I wish that I could have a super cool amazing life ... then , I remembered I live in Covington , Georgia . Mission Impossible ! 
I would like all of my FB friends to comment on this status , sharing how you met me . But I want you to LIE . That's right , just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . I bet half won't read the instructions right 
" I dare you to go bang your head against that damn door again kitty . I got a spray bottle now with your name on it . " BANG BANG ! SPRAY ! MEOWWWW ! " I told you ! " Best dollar I ever spent . The cat is finally staying away from the door and laying beside me instead . 
who knew you could get suspended from a website for cursing ! 
We have Melissa Dawn until tomorrow . This was not a kidnapping . Then again , I think Justin Davis would be hunting us down if it was . 
My grandmother ended up in the hospital . The doctor had the nerve to suggest to my mother and I , moments after my grandmother woke up and right in front of her , for us to pull the plug on her . 
Was looking for phone and couldn't find it ... Thought I put it in the washer machine by accident , which is running . Luckily I found it on my dresser . 
Grandmother didn't know she was in the hospital today and accused my mother of taking her to an torture facility to be tortured . She accused one of the nurses of being my mother . Told my mother and sister that she didn't trust them . And , can hardly talk . It is all mumbling . 
I cut my hair , because I can . 
Good News : Grandma may be discharged from hospital tomorrow . Bad News : When she sees my short hair , she may be going back . 
I saw an Asian eying my cat and licking his lips ... I had to get my cat inside before she got turned into Fried Rice ! 
Apple ! 
5AM . 3 March 2011 . My grandmother passed away . They practically inflated her at the hospital to more than 3x her size . Go to Newton Medical if you care for Inhumane Treatment . 
" I'm just eating my coffee . " - Priceless ! 
I hate closing my eyes and seeing my grandmother's bed-ridden face , moments before her death . I rather see an image of one of the times we were at the grocery store and she purposely hit a woman with the cart for yelling at her child . 
I hate fights . Especially the stupid ones . 
In honor of MS awareness week , March 7th-13th , 2011 , I am asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has Multiple Sclerosis ( MS ) . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found , and more awareness for CC ... SVI . Please post in the memory and the honor of those fighting MS 
Heaven Alford You are just jealous . :D I'm not a Geek . Oooh . Glee comes on tomorrow . Does that make me a Gleek ? 
I want a job ! 
" I feel like I should be at Joe's Crab Shack or Red Lobster . " ... Okay , What the heck is Kevin talking about ? 
Someone stated they were moving ... Am I the only one that says " FINALLY ! " at the wrong moment ? 
