Malaria to share wit ya ... I'm insulted in salted hamburger , Hamburg girls . 
That's it . Fed up with my lack of initiative . I need bits streaming to my desktop , not just the phone ! 
which do you prefer FISSION or FUSION ? 
Discern what you can and cannot control . Stop pointing the blame where it does not rest . 
No passenger .... no parasite . 
Wolves in sheeps ' clothing . 
Further than my reach , I need just slowly pace myself onward . All of this is a wretched little game I wish not to play . The means of escape is integrity . 
Automat pie 
Just leaving the hospital . 
adrenopause .... adrenostart ? 
Chillin @ wawa anyone around ? 
... like the tempestuous voice of heresy . 
Mood swings :( :) 
Cartoons coming soon ! 
I love a good , epic , swedish death metal guitar solo ... 
... No , you're an oxymoron ! 
twists ? It will take more than returning to the womb . 
Gave blood today so give blood today ! 
Where is your sense of irony ? ... i say ... we are not made up of atoms , but particles of irony ... 
Men are disturbed not by things , but by the view which they take of them . - Epictetus 
Comfortably numb ... 
Sheep shackles tearing my legs , stone walls ready to go . Dragging myself by my own arm .... sheep treading water so long as we don't lose our wool . Oh it's so warm , I'd rather not drown in uncertainties .. 
Inspiration always seems like insanity ... It's tempting to follow that with ' but it's really not . ' Like 80 percent of the time it really is , for me . 
In loving memory of Sweetie 2006-2010 
Empathy training ... right now , no matter how elusive ... dot dot dot 
Insomuch as it is now hardwired into every possible structure of work and knowledge , how now do we free ourselves from the mess of its knots and archaic 
is taking back his soul , from the dusty corridors of stationary , complex machinery . 
Trying to make sense of it all , i don't know if I have given back the adequate change for this 80 dollar bill marked 1986 . Am i being more rude to you .. or me ? 
In order to get enough done in life , you must accept the idea of one day facing a heart attack . 
The world is a vampire- Smashing Pumpkins 
The moment you stop thinking for yourself is the moment you become a part of a cult . 
I forgave being stabbed in the back . Why would someone think that means they can do it some more ? 
is now a zombie and is looking for others to infect and help create widespread panic ! 
Stop in the name of -insert witty comment- 
Anyone interested in attending a Flyer's game this Saturday ? My boss is selling tickets , Great seats ! Let me know . 
I am engaged in yet another personal episode of 24 . However it has more to do with laundry , errands , and feeding pets , than relentless heart pounding action-violence . 
@Lisa - thanx for the heads up . Children scare me . Lol 
I think I've finally exceeded my threshold for stress . Now in straight jacket ... 
ways to save money ... changing my ways to save money ... or else money dies !!! 
What do you do if an ET lures you to his spacecraft ? Just say NO ! 
They know my name cause i told it to them but they don't know where and they don't know when ... it's ... comin ' ... when ... it's .... comin ' ... 
Get your pets spayed or neutered .... 
Don't judge me by my status- it is but a channel , much is left unsaid . 
Well played SONY- that update has prevented me from ever installing a Linux/UNIX OS on my PS3 , although I wish you had kept an open mind . 
A verisimillitude , so close we approach it ... It's essence I will extract , but these ideas are among the rest of generica . Entropy be thy name . 
I need a BASS player and DRUMMER . PLEASE MESSAGE ME ! 
Any reasonable person knows how beneficial it is to value and respect every individual . It is in the interest of growth and progress . 
Ever feel like your life is a series of fixes to make further maintenence easier . Like you set up for a better quality of life without really experiencing it ? 
It's called thinking " outside of the box " for good reason . Because if you aren't ... you're trapped . 
We live in a fast paced world where convenience is destroying minds . 
Real men do indeed cry . It may be the vehicle in which a man becomes more centered with himself , where he finally understands his own mortality after he ' 
Follow it ? 
Critical thinking comes easier to those not so concerned with convenience . 
Absurd ? You sound like you've never had a Cheez-it ... 
Never going to extremes , may look like apathy . I'm not without passion , I just like to think it out before I give myself to whatever . 
Your argument may be valid , but inappropriate given the context . Knowing the right outlet , as well as , the time and place is important . 
I've always found atmospheric music best appeals to me like the dreamy , thinking states i always find myself in . 
Magical thinking . 
I wish I was boozing it up right about now . 
s lost his way . 
Had a wonderful discussion spanning physics and buddhism back to fate and mathematics with my neighbors . it's been a good night . 
12am to 12pm . Training the noob . Busting my ass . It's all good . 
Again , thank you for yesterday's and today's birthday wishes ! 
I'm more impressed with authenticity and something that speaks for itself . Hype has a nauseating effect on me . 
Reinventing " reinventing the wheel " 
is all fun and games until allergies kick in . 
R . I . P Randy Smith , we had some good times when we were kids . 
Listening to the melancholic sounds of autumn and Brian Eno . 
Ventolin , Prednisone , Zithromax ... Guess what ? 
Babe started her new job at Ingram f'in Micro . 
Finally making some progress in the " Let's start a band " domain . Thank you Matt for the bass player pick-up . Thought we'd remain a DIY two-piece for awhile . Surely , the next phase is coming together to break windows and rip faces off ! 
I guess what I want most in this world is self-control . Probably a wish shared by other neurotics , lol . 
A friend of mine gave me a nice leather cover journal . Just what I need to write my very own " theory of everything . " 
Since when did spite and mindless drama ever become more important than living well ? And materialism replace genuine human happiness ? 
I think I have the urge , once again , to work on some kind of project , with anyone . Lemme know . 
New Vegas . 
For someone who's been drawing as soon as they could talk ( not as long ago as you might think folks ) i really suck at drawing trees . 
I'm not fanatical about this holiday . I'd rather have this kinda spirit spread thin over the course of the year . 
Thumb-over barred chords , I can't ... that thumb doesxn't work . 
Okay ... this is depressing ... 26th hour 
Worked 12am-12pm , now , still awake , for the rest of the day . Let's push some physical limits . 
I'm taking a cold , hard look at what I want and what I need . 
Ludicrosyncracy 
Thank you everyone for all the cool birthday wishes !!! 
Trying to connect with some old friends from Oxford . We may have not have chilled in awhile , but whatever . Time means nothing . 
> incoherent gibberish < 
The practical result of allowing yourself to become obsessed and consumed with hatred over a petty slight equates to granting someone who hates you control over your life . --- anon . 
Does anyone else make up their own profanity ? I know i do ..... The other words just don't quite convey what i mean anymore . 
Refuse to be used . 
Time gets wasted whether I plan to or not . 
Today went to shit in a heartbeat . 
Just partitioned the drive to install Ubuntu . New to the whole Linux OS , anyone have any advice I should know getting started ? 
Revolution tonight ! Ok maybe not tonight , but .... 
There's a young punk in me , waiting to escape , waiting for me to lose the suit and tie . 
We will struggle for control in our minds , few will act , many will die in obedience . 
Been sick for almost a week now .... It's nice to remember what it feels like having a fever , the chills , and a weak frail feeling . 
Today I'm spiraling further into hell . I am seriously conflicted at this point . 
Too many ideas floating around in my head right now . Things seem really great today , I'm ready to start something . 
Anyone interested in buying some Flyer's tickets ? Great seats , a friend of mine is trying to get rid of them and is taking offers , any offer for Thursday and Saturday . You can text him at 484-643-2778 , or email him at christian.hallgren@verizon.net 
Excellent musicianship , interesting musically = prog ....... Not know how to write music , play instruments every which way = also " prog " 
Sometimes , I want to take it all apart nihilistically . Then build from scratch under the guise of self-mastery . Even then , this institution will be on trial from birth to death . Until the cycle closes , and what's left is merely a story . 
Fate/free will thread anyone ? 
Pure 100% melancholy 
“Stress is the cause of all unhappiness and it comes in infinite 
varieties , all with a common cause . Stress is a result of fighting 
probability , and the friction between what you are doing and 
what you know you should be doing to live within probability . ” - God's Debris 
Over 48 hours ... 
... Officially now a villian in this life story . 
Food @ Casey's = solution 
Two halves will one day see through each other 
The only way to become whole ... this empty space 
It's what we all mistake .... 
For an objective scale to measure , but I'm now sure 
It's no longer the matter that matters . 
Ghostbusters ! 
I'm really tempted to just start spewing some ultra-dark humor on my status updates , however , such humor is usually never understood in text format . 
Sangria kisses .... 
Took Mom out to lunch today , I'm the best son ... sorry Paul and/or Casey ... but I am . 
So I'm weird .... so what ? 
She's got eyes that let all of me in . A face colored rose that i love to read , She makes me feel as deadly as sin . 
Learning to use Knoppix and Fedora core on Oracle Virtualbox , ugh . 
Hunches- Almost always accurate , yet never trust them . 
Sick puppies get all the attention , lmao . 
The law of conservation of failure says ... 
Overly ambitious songwriting , weird time signatures , concept albums , oh yeah ... Its tiime for some prog ! 
Is in love with Keri-san pants Johnson , without a doubt . 
Enjoying good health ... 
Animals as Leaders is taking over my night :) 
Adam's experience in the garden was not complete without Eve . He was without purpose though he may have had it all ... 
Skynet ... 
New hope , anarchy , a drunken knife , the smoke has cleared , sensation over reason , bodies of fire merging , dischord and harmony . 
Eliminate the redundant noise that surrounds you everyday and THEN listen ... 
Butt-dialing like a pro ... 
Uh things just got a little weird ... totally mindf*cked . 
Ryan Dunn R.I.P , and thanks for the laughs ! 
Meds . 
These people and their damn lotto tickets ;/ 
Listening to horror , Psyopus style . 
Scream for the cam-er-a !!! 
Ah yeah , wave of babies ! 
Sometimes I'm wondering where I have been . I " wake up " and somehow I'm behind the wheel of my car or sitting with a friend . It's hard to remember the date or day of the week . I can't think of why I made this decision ... 
Who wants to play phone chess ? Text me your moves , i'll text you mine , lmao ;) 
My new motto is " I think too hard " or " I think way too much " courtesy of everyone who has ever been there for me . Thank you . 
The passage of time is an odd but so natural thing to manipulate . 
My mother won't admit it , but I cut the umbilical cord when I was born :) 
info 
I'm not really divorced . But it wouldn't hurt for you to believe that .... 
Perfectionism- strongest advantage and disadvantage , all in one . 
Alcoholism- a cure and disease simultaneously . 
Underachievement- doubting one's own ability to succeed , while succeeding at not succeeding . 
More time signature chaos , polyrhythms , and warp speed please . 
Push your mind beyond its usual limits regularly , stretch its capacity , make this a habit and your baseline for creativity will follow . 
My buddies in Bless The Martyr are looking for a guitarist . If you're interested , send me a message and I will put you in touch with them . 
Love became a trap . And the effects of sorrow offered escape from you . Even collapsed the morning of that tomorrow .. she never knew . 
Kill it with fire ! 
Live the way you want . You're responsible for your own life . No one should control how you think or feel , let alone , exploit you for their own advantage . Destroy icons , traditions , and dogma if you want to . Feel no persecution for doing so . 
Are they any universal " truths ? " The problem is , in my mind at least , that evrything seems so relative . Take that even further and its nihilistic . 
I think i should write a book on the graveyard shift , after working it for so long . 
When people lose compassion for other people , that's when problems begin . 
I have learned that it is almost impossible to plug anything in , in the dark . 
