need more fish for the aquarium 
my brother while at the blues concert at genkota tells me : hey paul dont tell me you don't want to take a cooth out of that tougar English translation : A TOOTH OUT OF THAT COUGAR- well it seemed funny to me 
looking forward to greek fest in swansea this weekend ... gyros are awesome and the greek bands do a good job 
mma tournament at the holiday inn was good ... the chicks looked part troll but maybe that was me .. disco night at tenth street was good as well 
gyros = super rain = super sucky 
so do we all sign up for therapy now that chicago doesn't get the olympics ? 
why is it taco bell sounds sooooo good after a nigt at the bar ? 
making chili today 
thinking about st. patricks day and what i want to do 
lol what happened to the upper 40's ? it was only sunday it was 49 
49 today ... i love this yearly feb . warming , but could do without the inevitable early march snow or ice storm 
dare I hope that the weather is going to stay warm ? 
looking forward to the first of the years festivals .... St. Patricks day :) 
awesome mid 40's today 
St. Pats was good spent most of saturday drinking beer and watching b-ball in an irish pub 
always remember that it is 20 degrees hotter when working in an attic 
If you & I woke up in jail together ... using only FOUR words ... what would you say to me ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say .... ( And if you make a comment , you gotta put this in your status . Fair is fair . ) 
back in chatanooga 
lol the evil plan worked ..... get the boss drunk and we don't work in the morning ..... I love being an evil genius ( sort of ) 
at home for a few ' cause the foreman used the wrong safety lockouts lol 
finally broke down and replaced my 20 yr old tv 
now in cleveland ...... Yay me 
working nights again 
I'm thinking I need to put a little more credence into the allegation that sometimes I'm a little dense 
why is it people who don't know how to do my job want to micro-manage how I do it ? 
Beer is proof God loves us and wants us to be happy- Benjamin Franklin 
short work day ...... now I get to do laundry 
ty everyone :) 
being covered in cool-aid powder isn't as much fun as you might think 
We should flood fb with this !!!!... I pledge 
allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America , and to the 
Republic for which it stands : one Nation under GOD , indivisible , with 
Liberty and Justice for all . REPOST IF YOU THINK OUR COUNTRY , OUR FLAG 
& GOD DESERVE RESPECT ! Let's see how many Americans will repost 
yeah i get a day off and then back to work 
monday attacked .... I'll decide who won later 
accidental day off due to scheduling problems 
got the first squirel of the season 
bouncing from state to state 
bleh ..... night work 
enjoying miller time 
yeah 11 hours to eastern s . carolina :-P 
rack of lamb at outback is REALLY good 
somehow I don't think Brian appreciated my call asking what I should eat on the beach this afternoon 
Leaning against a wall is multi-tasking ..... Holding up the wall and keeping the floor down 
If you can't be good .... at least don't get caught 
back from the dentist ... yay me 
Off to Georgia on sunday :) 
In a hole in the ground there lived a hobbit . 
:-) rereading the greatest work of fiction ever written 
hurray . I'm back home 
we the unwilling have done the impossible for the ungratefull . we have done so much , for so long , with so little , we are now qualified to do anything with nothing 
merry christmas 
the snowstorm was SO much fun to drive though last night 
