I want your psycho , your vertical stick ! 
Want you in my rear window , baby , you're sick ! 
Sometimes , all I need is the air that I breathe in to love You ... 
And here I am ... I , proud-self-proclaimed odd king of anomAlay ... ::D edicated to Emi Atriasari :: 
Holy Jesus ! I Love Beyonce !!! 
If i'm in charge , and I treat you like a child , will you let yourself go wild , let my mouth go where it wants to ? 
Walk , walk , fashion , baby , work it , move that bitch , crazy . Walk , walk , passion , baby , work it , I'm a freak bitch , baby . 
' Cause in my mind I want you here , 
Get on the next plane , I don't care ! 
Is it because I'm missing you , 
That I'm having Deja Vu ? 
tattoo your name across my heart . 
so it will remain , not even death can make us part ! 
Bankai ... Kakimushire , Konjiki Ashisogi Jizo ! 
Symbols rule the world , not words nor laws . 
Proudly present , My alter ego : Tyto novaehollandiae 
Like a bridge over troubled water , I will lay me down ... 
Chhamma chhamma , hey chhamma chhammaChhamma chhamma , baaje re meri painjaniyaanAe chhamma chhamma , baaje re meri painjaniyaan 
Daripada main petasan , mendingan ledakin tabung gas . Lebih jelas efek dramatisnya . Lebih besar suaranya :: Kesal pada anak tetangga yg jejeritan setelah meletuskan petasan :: 
Seorang teman : " Pilihan filmmu ga normal ya ... " :: melihat tumpukan film Saw , Texas Chainsaw , Inside dan slash movies lainnya yang kupunya . 
Aku : " Pilihan filmmu jauh tidak masuk akal dan tidak sehat , menurutku . " :: Melihat Hantu Jeruk Purut dan Tali Pocong Perawan yg dibawanya :: 
BARRRRRRRACUDAAAAA !!!! 
Doh , susahnya nyari gift of the day ... 
" Hiiiiih , Masnya ga kasian sama gigi . Hmmm , udah bau gangren niiih " ujar dokter itu sambil menghunjamkan bor dan mengorek dengan kait khusus sementara mataku membesar dan mengecil - begitu pula lubang hidungku - seiring rasa sakit yang timbul tenggelam ... See ? Sekarang siapa yg tidak kasihan pada sepotong gigi bolong ? Huh ! 
Drink up , me hearties , yo ho ! 
I can be a freak , I can , I can be a freak ; I can , I can be a freak , every day of every week . 
I whip my hair back and forth . I whip my hair back and forth . I whip my hair back and forth . I whip my hair back and forth . 
Kembalikan mimpi-mimpiku menonton film-film musim panas dengan tenang ... Kembalikan , kumohon ... Seleraku Hollywood , maaf , tapi aku tidak mau mengorbankan hati kecilku untuk film horor yang membikin jengah produsen film porno ... Maka , kumohon , kembalikan mimpi-mimpiku menonton film-film blockbuster dengan tenang ... Kumohon ... 
Mungkin 
Pamela Anderson harus berjilbab dan harus betul-betul mengenakan baju sebelum sumbangannya diterima di negeri ini . Mungkin Terra 
Patrick harus masuk Islam dulu supaya bisa main film dengan orang-orang 
di negeri ini . Mungkin Miyabi harus naik haji dulu sebelum bisa dengan 
leluasa menginjakkan kaki di negeri ini . Kasihan ... 
Do my dreaming and my scheming lie awake and pray 
Do my crying and my sighing laugh at yesterday 
Now it's dark and I'm alone 
but I won't be afraid : Merry Christmas . Merry Christmas . 
Happy birthday Patrick Star ... ^__^ 
I'm a tree that grows hearts . One for each that you take . You're the intruder's hand . I'm the branch that you break . 
Blue ... 
Oh , so lonesome for you 
Tears fill my eyes ' till I can't see . 
3 o'clock in the mornin , here am I 
Sitting here so lonely , so lonesome I could cry ... 
Pray for Japan ... 
Come comfort everyone who needs You ... 
Help them to never fear the darkness . 
When rivers are to be traversed , 
You are the bridge that carries them . 
When their soul it will need to seek salvation . 
~ Bleach - Fade to Black , Calling out Your Name . 
Tell me , love isn't true . It's just something that we do ... ~ Madonna - Don't Tell Me . 
Indonesia itu main bola apa main gobak sodor sih ? 
Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death . I will fear no evil , for You are with me ... 
Forgive me , Father ... for I have sinned . 
I can hardly stand the wait , please Christmas don't be late ... 
" Mala mali malo mala contulit omnia mundo " 
Cum dederit dilectis suis somnum ; Ecce haereditas Domini , filii : Merces , fructus ventris . 
But when you're crying , you bring on the rain . So stop your sighing , be happy again . Keep on smiling , cause when you're smiling , the whole world smiles with you ... 
And if I , and if I need a rhythm , gonna be to my heart I listen . And if I , and if I need a rhythm , gonna be to my heart I listen ... 
The belief in a supernatural source of evil is not necessary ; men alone are quite capable of every wickedness . 
It's a barbarity if clarity is a rarity ! 
You're crying , Crying alone . What can I do ? I'm crying too ... I'm crying , Crying at night . What can you do ? You're crying too ... 
I don't hold grudge for God ... It's his fans I cannot stand ... 
When I think how much better I’m gonna be when this is over , I smile 
even though I’m hurt see I smile , 
I know God is working so I smile , 
Even though I’ve been here for a while . 
I smile , smile ... 
it’s so hard to look up when you look down . 
Sure would hate to see it when you give up now . 
You look so much better when you smile , so smile . 

Kirk Franklin - I Smile ... 
Melayang sudah harapanku menonton X-Men . Melayang sudah kesempatanku melihat Nagini dibunuh Ron dan menangisi kematian Bellatrix . Kemana harus kucari jalan untuk menonton Pirates of the Caribbeans ...? :: Sinking in my own tears dying to see Cruz as a mermaid ... :: 
Oh ada DVD bajakan ding ... :: Eat that you dumbass government !!!! :: 
" IT ROTS THE SENSE IN THE HEAD ! 
IT KILLS IMAGINATION DEAD ! 
IT CLOGS AND CLUTTERS UP THE MIND ! 
IT MAKES A CHILD SO DULL AND BLIND 
HE CAN NO LONGER UNDERSTAND 
A FANTASY , A FAIRYLAND ! 
HIS BRAIN BECOMES AS SOFT AS CHEESE ! 
HIS POWERS OF THINKING RUST AND FREEZE ! 
HE CANNOT THINK -- HE ONLY SEES ! " 
~ Television , Roald Dahl . 
Klaatu barada nikto ! 
" The shi * is BANANAS ! B-A-N-A-N-A-S ! " 
Long before there is Gaga , there was Gwen ! Hail to the Gwen ! 
Edna Mode ... and guests . 
Yay ! I'm a cheshire cat ! 
Papé Satàn , papé Satàn aleppe ! 
' Cause I maybe bad but I'm perfectly good at it . Sex in the air , I don't care I love the smell of it . Sticks and stones may break my bone but chains and whips excite me . I like it like it . S S S & M M M . 
But we're never gonna survive unless , we get a little crazy ... 
- Alanis 
Sun is in the sky , oh why , oh why would I wanna be anywhere else ...? Sun is in the sky , oh why , oh why would I wanna be anywhere else ...? 
Apa katamu ? ' Irreplaceable ' itu lagunya Rihanna ? Avadra kedavra ! :: Kesal bukan main ... :: 
Fuck you . Fuck you very , very much . ' Cause I hate what you do . And I hate your whole crew . So please don't stay in touch . :: Level 1 Temper Tantrum :: 
There's a reason we've never gone back to the moon . - Apollo 18 ( 2011 ) 
Azarath Metrion Zinthos ! 
If you are , you breath . If you breath , you talk . If you talk , you ask . If you ask , you think . If you think , you search . If you search , you experience . If you experience , you learn . If you learn , you grow . If you grow , you wish . If you wish , you find . And if you find you doubt . If you doubt , you question . If you question , you understand . If you understand , you know . And if you know , you want to know more . And if you want to know more , you are alive . 
Let's get unconscious , honey ... Let's get unconscious . 
Oh boy , where have I put my head ? I've looked in my pocket , behind the newspaper , and underneath the remote control . And I cannot find where I put it again . Oh boy , where have I put my head ...? 
Sebotol coca-cola , kamar tanpa cahaya , Bjork di telinga , dan draft Biophobia under construction . 
Nietsche berkata , " Tuhan telah mati . " Lima puluh tahun kemudian seseorang bertanya , " Ke mana Nietsche ? " 
" Menyusul Tuhan . " 
Saman-Larung : reli nostalgia masa SMA ... How I miss my youth ... 
It came to me . My own , my love , my own , my ... preccciouss ... 
~ Gollum 
Bagi sebagian orang ; menyalakan petasan - juga mercon dan segala lainnya yang bisa meledak - mungkin merupakan ungkapan kemenangan mengalahkan bangsa setan yang memicu hawa nafsu , semacam ejekan . Sebagian orang tersebut mungkin tidak menyadari , suara ledakan yang mereka buat justru membuat terjaga jenis setan yang tidak semestinya bangun . Barangkali , sebagian lagi dari mereka yang masih kecil ketika besar nanti menjadi tukang bom ... 
Bab Lima Biophobia . World , ready or not , here I come ! 
Let's go , let's go , Little Kitty Kat . I think it's time to go . He don't want no mo ' . Quite frankly no mo ' getting it . I'm not feeling it ... 
Panini ( body covered in mud ): How could you do that ? 
Chowder : I didn't do that 
Panini : Num-num , don't play dumb ! 
Chowder : I didn't play . My dumb is REAL . 
Poor is the man whose pleasures depend on the permission of another . 
