opera is so beautiful and relaxing to listen to ! 
what is a poke on here ? not sure if it is funny like i think it is .... anyone help a shorty out ^_^ 
Wow ! It's so cold .... 
excited to be able to go back to work !!!! 
tired .... yet awake ???? 
Killer migraine ... Ron is helping ^_^ Greatest husband award goes to : Ron Leota !!!! laughing is great medicine :P 
Had a great 4days off !!!! Cherry on top was going to The Clifford's ' house and enjoy dinner with them as well as Andrew and Aj ! 
Red with Black 
Enjoying my time ^_^ 
excited for tonight . Going out to see a band .... Not too late gotta work early in the morn ' 
Blah .... Glad to be reading complete five books from Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy ! 
Alright time to do our taxes !!!!! I am so weird that I like to do them myself .... 
Well , that blows ! Tax time reminds me of how Bush F***ed us .... without the lube ! What a D-bag ! 
mad that i am being forced to stay home . Stupid h1n1 !!!!!!! 
made some kick ass fried chicken !!!!! 
I want just one weekend without a migraine .... Please let it be this weekend ! Home alone ... and do not want to be in pain !!!!!! 
WOW 112's " Peaches ' N ' Cream " song brings back some ol ' memories !!!! Kickin ' it old skool today boys and ghouls ! Sorry .... using spray paint and I think I got silly high on accident ! No I do not huff or whatever term you use .... ACCIDENT !!!! :P whoa dizzy ... 
Wet & Hard 
I got a baby Tiger ! Okay FarmVille .... I would shit bricks if I got a real life Tiger !!!!! Best present for me : ZOO full of animals !!!!!!!! 
Ron is making me dinner smells good !!!! 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments ... 
Night ! 
Just finished cleaning up the house ! Found some old photos going back to High school , and boy WOW !!! Also , some Hiwassee folks too . Good times . 
finally home from like checking in at 6 !!!!!! 
la la la la la la la la .... Bored ! 
Loved my weekend !!! Greatest friend time , and cleaned up house with hubby ( whom did most of it ) Love you Darling !!!!! 
I had my first real migraine with the Botox , and boy it would have been worse had i not had the Botox .... Was about to get really down , but doing better ^_^ . Plus , the ladies at work helped me out hella !!!!!!! I Love my co-workers and job !!!! 
SSSSSooooo done with being sick !!!!!!!! Just want to better : C 
waiting for my hubby to finish dinner !!!! Smells fucking mouth watering awesome ! Coffee time ... 
Thunder and Lightning scooter is going nuts and the rain sounds like a waterfall !!!!! Whoot love this weather !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
So odd when you think you may have found an old friend through this thing .... At least it makes me feel odd ... yet again I am VERY odd ^_^ 
night night time .... so damn early ! 
Alright time to finish Sookie novels ! Down to last book with about 200 pages to go ! I can totally finish that tonight .... thank goodness for " guy time " !!!! 
so i guess my family may move to Port Angeles ! That blows ! 
Off to see Erin about Scooter meat ..... Scooter is so spoiled and Loved ^_^ I love it though . Erin You ROCK ! She doesn't have to help me but she does . Now that is the kind of people I think we need more of . I am needing time though to be sober for driving a little more . Had my last double 151 rum ' n ' coke almost two and half hours .... I think ..... I am good in like hmmmm .... 20 minutes . 
Learned some sad hurtful news , but life does go on ! the good thing that happened We got our tickets for The Bled . Next show to buy is We Came as Romans ^_^ Plus get to play D&D tomorrow , then I get to have my face poked at ..... and talk to Dr time . Keep thinking good thoughts and good things will happen ... Hoping that what I just said happens !!!! 
Scooter is needing his time with his mama ^_^ Love my kitty 
OMG had some BOMB pizza today ! Thanks Jake ! Got to be with my Hubby , and my two favorite people on earth !!!!! So far this 4 day off break is awesome ! Friday was Ron's celebration of Birth , and had some great time with his fam and Biggz plus got some Lil ' A time too !!!! but I think Next Sunday when I get to see MORE Awesome people will be better !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HUGZ ^_^ 
Loved Sookie books , but it was a bit narrow minded in race department for me , but no judgement for me . 
Nothing ' is on my mind . Since it is out in space ^_^ . I have been trying to get into " Girl with Dragon tattoo " but hard for me right now ( and by now I have been trying to read it for like two and a half flipping weeks ) 
Doesn't seem that life will ease up . Stupid Car troubles .... Grrrr !!!!!!!!!! At least I have a few days off from work to get this figured out ( always trying to find the sunshine in life) ! 
D&D day !!!!! 
Car is shot to hell : C oh , well I have amazingly kick-ass awesome friends !!!!!!!!!!! 
time to finish " Secrets in the Cellar " , creepy ass book !!! Was about a true crime . 
Enjoined this weekend getting some R&R ^_^ 
Well , my my my ..... Thank you all for the Birthday wishes I am having a great ride on the roller coaster called life right now , and cannot wait to see the rest of this wild & crazy ride that lays ahead of me . I miss mostly all of the people who have been in my world of ' people who play with me ' and very grateful of them whom have been true friends , and miss ya more than you know . 
off to do Wife Duties ^_^ 
Halloween Weekend ..... Now for the planning ! Going to have a blast ^_^ Hope you have as much fun as I do .... Can it get better than last night with the Monroes ????? 
Good Night Facebook 
Well just woke from nap to get rid of this M attack : C ..... Any one know how to remove ones head from neck , and still live ? Just wanna get this pressure off my skull . 
So , got my first Botox treatment for migraines today , and hopefully no more migraines or at least not as much or severe ones !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
