I remain just one thing , and one thing only , and that is a clown . It places me on a far higher plane than any politician . 
What 1950s stereotype best suits you ? -- My Result : The Rebel . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/350173/referrals/status?aid=100000802161546 
:) :D 
hello 
Wouldn't the world be a better place if everyone took the time to smile ? 
click 
" LIKE " if i've ever made u smile in ur life . Set this as ur status 
message , and c how many ppl you've made smile . 
yesterday was my 18th birthday and now I'm a graduate of 2010 :D 
Bonjour world 
Hey everybody , it's my 18th birthday 
tched Toy Story 3 :) 
loving jessica may :) 
HELLO WORLD ! 
going to western guys 
My favorite place is Earth , everyone I know lives there 
The Political Idealogy Quiz -- My Result : Moderately Liberal . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/14397/referrals/status?aid=100000802161546 
Failure is unimportant . It takes courage to make a fool of yourself 
What do you want a meaning for ? Life is a desire , not a meaning 
A day without laughter is a day wasted 
Anyone who can pull the sword from the stone , like this " tag ur it " comment . 
A special world for you and me 
A special bond one cannot see 
It wraps us up in its cocoon 
And holds us fiercely in its womb . 

Its fingers spread like fine spun gold 
Gently nestling us to the fold 
Like silken thread it holds us fast 
Bonds like this are meant to last . 
And though at times a thread may break 
A new one forms in its wake 
To bind us closer and keep us strong 
In a special world , where we belong . 
It feels good outside 
J'adore le printemps :) 
Where's the beef ? 
Yawn :O 
A stress ball comes in handy when you have to write tons of papers . 
The One you just called fat ? She has been starving herself and has lost over 30lbs . The One you just called stupid ? He has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The One you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The One you just tripped ? He is abused enough at home . Think before you judge someone . Put this as status if you're against bullying . 
