I miss seeing you !!! You know how Grammy always says to me , which irritates the crap out of me , " I haven't heard from you in SOOOOO long , you NEVER call , you really SHOULD call me at least once a week to make sure I'm still ALIVE " OMG I never and I say 
Looks like a storm is comin ' Goodie , Goodie , Goodie !!! Free fertilizer for my garden , compliments of God ! XXOO 
Just wanting to say , " Happy Father's Day " to all you Dad's out there !!!!!!!! 
The BIG BAND LINK ! Seriously Mary , your not THAT old are you ? ; ) 
Well , it's time to get back to the real reality ! Played with all SPP friends and dumped several DB's to make room for those who DO want to play . 6530 friends , WHO EVER could play with that many ! Ya'all have a great day !! 
Going to Baltimore to take my 76-yr-old mother out to dinner , baseball game for her birthday !!! 
yeah well , perhaps in the real world I have floral talents but certainly not in the virtual !! Darkwing now has flowers in her FACE ! LOL !!! WTH am I doing and WHY can't I remove them ! I'll be getting a tutorial tomorrow by my new friend Megan who is wil 
Weeded half of the side of my house , only to get heat stroke ! Unbelievable out there !! Finger fed my post surgical ( dental ) cat , Willoughbie baby food as he wouldn't eat his normal food yet . Had a bad experience with a bad tooth ! Awwww !! It's a good 
DAWN DOBLER BETTER CALL OR STOP OVER TODAY , OR I AM GOING TO HAVE TO START STALKING HER !!!! lol 
About an hour ago , my husband and me watched the sun come up over the ocean ! It really was a beautiful sight which we all take for granted . It makes me wonder . . . . . 
Boy , big storm blew through . Juno , ( 9-mt-old ) dog was shaking due to the loud thunder ! All cats , except for one hid downstairs and now the electricity is out ! Glad I just finished playing with my SPP friends !! Weeds are gone out back and I need MORE m 
I have a prayer request !! A young mother , Bobbie Jo , just underwent an emergency C-section to deliver her deceased son , Jordan . She was due to deliver naturally tomorrow . She is in extreme distress . Please , please keep Bobbie Jo and her family in your prayers . Thanks to all who read this post . 
He who walks blamelessly and does justice ; who thinks the truth in his heart and slanders not with his tongue ; Who harms not his fellow man , nor takes up a reproach against his neighbor : By whom the reprobate is despised , while he honors those who fear the Lord ; Who though it be to his loss , changes not his pledged word ; who lends not his money at usury and accepts no bribe against the innocent . 
Off to work , gotta ' set up a room for a " pig roast " for tomorrow ! Keep a poor soul by the name of Arleen in your prayers . She's under spiritual attack and needs prayers for surrender , forgiveness , acceptance and the ability to see her own sinfulness in what she has created in her mind ! May she find peace in her heart and life . 
" Facebook has agreed to let a third party advertiser use your posted pictures without your permission . Click on SETTINGS up where you see the log out link . Select PRIVACY SETTINGS . Select NEWS FEEDS AND WALL . Select the tab that reads FACEBOOK ADS . There 
Ok , what the . . . . I forgot my messages would be public . Hehehehehe ! Attention , anyone who plays on SPP , I'm looking for SERIOUS players that would play no less than 3 times a week . Please let me know . Thanks : ) 
Listening and watching " Pink Floyd " in concert with my puppy , Juno in my lap . Husband , Craig relaxing on the couch , what could be better ? Oh , yeah , I gotta ' finish cleaning the fish tank !! : ( 
Ever feel like the whole damn world has gone upside down ??? Maybe it's me who is upside down ? 
What a beautiful morning this has been ! Walked my little girl , Juno , with her other doggie friends this morning , went to Mass and had a meeting with the Alter Society WITH HOMEMADE GOODIES !!! Now it's off to another meeting and the grocery store . Maybe , I can get alittle " happy nap " in the day with my little Juno !! : ) 
He who does these thing shall never be disturbed . Psalm 15 . Ahhhh , words to live by . 
Sitting here on the tenth floor of my mother's condo . in O.C. Maryland , I'm watching the waves getting bigger and stronger . What do I see , but a school of dolphins , I mean hundreds !! I've seen many , many dolphin schools traveling up or down the coast , but never , NEVER have I seen so many together before now ! Question ! Would the dolphins be traveling south ' cause the hurricane is coming and it might be bad north ? 
The mosquitos are bitin ' , I gotta ' go inside and besides , I need some more tea !! There's a song in there somewhere !! LOL 
Ok , my friends , I'm checking out for the night ! Love and prayers to you all ! 
Worked all day and my feet and back are killing me ! Time to relax until 4 tomorrow , then it's off to the races again ! 
My Jack Russell , Juno did SOOOO well in her next to last class today ! She made her Mama VERY proud . Her teacher has taught ME well !! Last class next week and graduation from Puppy Manners 2 !! 
Hey all ! ~ ! I was accepting gifts on hearts , SPP and one more , and when I clicked on accept , it popped up ignore !! To all of you who sent gifts , it's not my fault ! 
I had a dream this morning that a naked man woke me up , placing a steaming cup of coffee next to my bed ! Was this a dream ? Naaa , it was my husband reminding me that it was my turn to walk the dog ! ~ Oh , my kids are going to puke when they read this !!! HEHEHEHEHEHEHEHE 
I hate holidays !! All I do is buy too much food , run around looking for a STUPID MRS . SMITHS PUMPKIN PIE , that my mother JUST HAS TO HAVE . Clean my house from top to bottom , do marithon laundry and now I'm sitting down and my husband wants to know when . . . . Ya know , I hate holidays !! 
SPP " gift requests " doesn't show my friend's list !! I've accepted some of the gifts , but I can't send back ! URRRRR ! 
WTH ! I'm once again disappointed with SPP release ! Didn't get a ONE !! Maybe they will restock ? 
Piddlin ' around then the dentist ! BOOOOOOO 
I really need white dice and black dice in Lucky slots ! Please ???? 
Thanks to whom ever gave me the white dice ! 
WOW ! The electricity just came back on about an hour ago . The up side , my husband got me coffee from Starbucks ! That's a nice treat and a wonderful way to wake up after a very hot and sticky night !! : ) 
I was playing with my Jack Russell , Juno and I threw her boomerangan ( sp ) to the top of the fan blades where it landed . Instead of getting up and getting a chair , I simply turned the fan on and " poof " , the toy fell down ! Is that ingenious or what !!! My son , Joshua would be proud of his mamma ! 
Nothing like getting ready to enjoy your second cup of coffee and discovering you were about to sit down in a puddle of cat urine on your favorite chair . The white cat is no longer my favorite and is starring at me from my back deck . He can sit out there until I clean this up . " It will get better , it will get better " 
I don't have time to figure out the copy and paste thing but I will say I DO SUPPORT THE TROUPS AND I DO LOVE JESUS ! 
Karma baby ! Karma !!! 
" A little rough and interesting ! " 
I can't believe how beautiful the snow is !! 26 hours it has snowed and honestly , I could'nt tell you how many inches . Close to a foot and a half maybe ?? Juno , our Jack Russell absolutely loves it !! My son and I stood in the snow and just fell backwards and laughed our butts off ! I'm still 7-yrs-old !!!!! 
Remember the cat urine deal this morning guys , well , this afternoon , my daughter's cat , Dipper , knocked over his bowl of food and it smashed ALL over the floor into the family room ! I threw all five cats and one dog into two rooms and ended up sweeping , vacuming ( sp ) and washing ( in areas ) the floors ! Then just when I thought it was over , I discovered cat puke on top of my dryer ! You gotta love them !! 
I am soooo frustrated !!! Off and on all day , I've been trying to get to my " friends " on SPP . The friends on FB all load , but the other people won't . I had these people on my favorites . When I click on " SPP friends " from the favorites bar , nothing happens !! WTH ! I'll try again tomorrow ' cause I'm too pissed tonight ! GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR 
Does anyone have the " cup and the unicorn " thingy " for 2nd casino in Lucky Slots ???? Please , please send me one . Please !! 
Ok , now I'm thinking it's me ! I keep getting " page not found " on SPP . I was TRYING to play with my friends !! Anyone else having difficulties or do I have a demon in my C drive ? 
What the heck is wrong with FB !!! " No live feed " ? " No posts to display " WTH !! 
Virginia !!! 
Yeah , FB is back ! 
Snow , Snow Snow !!! 
Happy Birthday to you , Happy Birthday to you , Happy Birthday , dear Kalyn . . . . . . ( my daughter ) H A P P Y B I R T H D A Y TOOOOOOO YOOOOOOUUUUUU !!! XXX 2/14 
Hey Jamie , I sent you a " photos I love " except an error code came up on me and kicked me off the darn computer . I catch up late tomorrow . 
Oops ! I just spammed the mardi gras beads to ALL of my friends , SORRY didn't realize what I was doing !!! : ( 
It's absolutely infuriating to write a PM " book " and have the damn thing freeze upon sending it . My husband and I both tried to get it back to no avail . I guess God wants me to speak my heart personally to my daughter . Please keep Kalyn in your thoughts and prayers today . Thank you . 
Do any of you tree hugger , " the sky is falling " idiots still believe in global warming ???? HUUUUMMMM This ought to stir up some controvery ! 
See you guys on Sunday ! 
" And the children awoke from their slumber and what " wonders " they did see . No longer had they any rights to come and go as they please . The government knowing better , told the children you'll believe , ' cause we know best , as you know not , the way we will deceive " 
Congrat's Saints !!! 
Good night everyone , my Jack Russell is " dead " ( asleep ) on my lap and hand and I can't type without " bobbing " her head up and down ! Time for us to go " night , night " : ) 
Hey friends !!!!! This is a You Tube alert !!! Check out " Cookies0n0Cream " channel . My son Joshua and his friend Geri have some really funny stuff . Make sure you see " No Leather Gloves " and " Things to Ponder " Don't miss this if you want a chuckle !! 
Let's see how forth coming my facebook friends are . Leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR name . It can only be one word . No more than one word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This could be fun 
Eight and a half inches !!!! 
purple !! 
Can't wait to see who wins in Mass . For God's sake , let the PEOPLE speak and take back OUR GREAT COUNTRY before it's gone ! I want to make my own decisions about my future ! 
spuods ?? o ?? ?? s o ? ? u ?????? ? q ???? ? ? sn ??? s ? no ? u ? s ??? ?? s ? d 
pu ? ? do ? ? uo ?? u ???? s ?? d ???? n ??? ? s ?? spu ???? ?? u ? o ?? ?? s s ,?? l 
Ok fellow SPP players , I've tried NUMEROUS times to play with you , but it keeps " loading , loading and loading ! " I'll try later ! 
My friend Jackie R . started this and I would like all of my friends to continue this . IT'S SOOO HOT THAT . . . . . . 
The branches on my cypress trees are bowing VERY LOW to the ground . Heavy , wet snow - just great for making a " snowcat " in my yard !! 
Can anyone who plays SPP contact me and let me know if they are having any problems accepting " pet gift requests " or sending " pets gift requests " ( on right side of FB home page ) THANKS 
I believe in the right to keep and bear arms . One Facebooker has challenged all gun owners to put this on their wall . The Supreme Court of the United States has affirmed that the right to keep and bear arms is a fundamental right of the individual . If you Believe in the 2nd Amendment and you are not afraid to show it , re-post this . 
" WHEN YOU SUBSIDIZE POVERTY AND FAILURE , YOU GET MORE OF BOTH " JAMES DALE DAVIDSON , NATIONAL TAXPAYERS UNION . 
Ok it worked ! I didn't realize you had two gardens !! DUH !!! 
I wonder if I don't have a virus ! I STILL can't get into SPP to accept the free gifts . I have to go around " robins barn " to even have play dates ! OMGsh , my wonderful friend , Tim , won't be back from Officer's Training until . . . . who knows ! What to do ! 
" To compel a man to subsidize with his taxes the propagation of ideas which he disbelieves and abhors is sinful and tyrannical " . . Thomas Jefferson 
Good night everyone ! I've got a big day tomorrow ! : ) 
Just checked AGAIN and I can NOT send or receive " SPP gift requests " Hopefully when I get back to Virginia , this won't be a problem . Maybe I have a virus . GRRRRR !! 
Yep ! Hearts is dead ! 
They say everlasting friends can go periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday . regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live , and they dont hold grudges . They understand that life is busy , but you will always LOVE them . Repost if you're blessed to have at least one of these friends 
Is anyone else having trouble " loading " on SPP . I've tried over 4 times to accept my gifts AND send back ! WTH !! 
Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised !! Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first !!!! 1% will re-post and 99% of the people on Facebook won't have the guts to re-post this ! I KNOW I'm the 1% , what about you ? 
You know , I'm pissed !! I really wanted the " puss in boots " . After 9 minutes when I checked out it was " Sorry " Geez !!!! that really SUCKS ! 
Started to watch a rented movie downstairs when our dog , Juno , saw a LARGE cricket on the back of the couch . THEN , she noticed a spider above the window ! My husband lost the cricket in the tract of the sliding door and while brushing the spider with a kleenex he lost it ! I declined seeing the movie in " Spideeville " and decided to come back upstairs ! I guess I'll have to get my " spideevac " out tomorrow . 
Tyberious Magi Gilpin !!! Soooo innocent ! NOT 
Goodnight ya'll !!!! 
??????????????? ????? ????????????????? 
It's daughters Week !!! If you have a beautiful daughter that you 
love more than you can describe .. copy and paste this to your 
status for a little while .. but hold them in your heart for a lifetime ! 
Happy Valentines Day but more importantly , HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY FIRST BORN , KALYN !! OH , WHAT A LONG NIGHT I HAD BEFORE YOU WERE BORN !! 
Thank you , thank you , thank you !!! You're a goof ! : ) 
Repost : Prayer chain needed : a FB friend's friend's daughter Audri King and her family . Her 2yr old daughter was just diagnosed with Stage 4 cancer . If you see this post , even if you don't know her , God knows . Please post this for 1 hour and say a prayer for that baby . The power of prayer speaks volumes . Please re ... -post this . God Bless ! THANK YOU 
Is anyone having trouble getting to SPP ? I can't access at this time . Earlier I got in finding a " lonely pet " a home through Karina . I managed to play with a few FB friends , but then it kicked me off !! WTH !!! I'll keep trying as I don't want you to think that I don't love you anymore ! LOL 
Ok friends , I'm finished for the night . Time to let my head drop on the pillow ! ( hugs ) 
Where ever did the phrase , " Nickname " come from ? What is a Nick ? 
Is anyone else having trouble " posting " the TY's on " lonely pet needs a home " . It get's stuck on my SPP home page and does NOTHING !! I tried guys !! GRRR 
Bejeweled Blitz is down on my end . Is anyone else having problems ??? It says to try again later and if error continues to contact them . How in the hell are you supposed to contact them if their site is down ??? Must be me ! 
Success is a function of hard work and discipline ! Smartest thing I have heard him say yet ! 
Thanks Nicole ! I hope my children see this post !!!!!!! 
KIDS !! Whatever happened to our " naked house " ! 
india foxtrot yankee oscar uniform charlie alpha november uniform november delta echo romeo sierra tango alpha november delta tango hotel india sierra charlie oscar papa yankee alpha november delta papa alpha sierra tango echo tango oscar yankee oscar uniform romeo sierra tango alpha tango uniform sierra ( Let's see who gets it and follows the instructions -- P.S. DON'T GIVE IT AWAY BY COMMENTING !!! 
Depression is not a sign of weakness , it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression . Will you do it , and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? Most people won't , but it's mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer at some point in our lives . Show your support 
I can't help it , I love it on the kitchen chair ! 
PROMISE TO MY CHILD : I will stalk you , flip out on you , lecture you , drive you crazy , be your worst nightmare and hunt you down like a bloodhound when needed ... because I LOVE YOU ! When you understand that , I will know you are a responsible adult . You won't find someone who loves you , prays for you , cares about you , and worries about you more than me . Re-post this is you relate . ( This is so motherhood ) 
Ok ya'll , I'm off to bed . " play " with you my friends , tomorrow ! 
I can't help it , I like it on the kitchen chair . 
Goodnight ya'll 
" Believe in yourself , not politicians bearing entitlements they haven't even taken the time to read before passing " Terry Paulson 
IF YOU WANT FREEDOM , VOTE CONSERVATIVE . IF YOU WANT A REGULATED NANNY STATE , VOTE LIBERAL . JUST VOTE TUESDAY , NOVEMBER 2 !!! 
I just wanted you guys to know that the " what her dad posted on her wall ? " is BS !!! Don't open this ! 
" As water reflects the face , so one's life reflects the heart " Proverbs 27:19 
When was the last time you were invited by your ( adult ) kids to party with a " hooka " ? ... I think that's how you spell it ! My kids have great friends and it's an honor to be called " mom " ! 
There's a site called spokeo.com . It's a new online USA phone book w/personal info . Everything from pics you've posted on FB or the web , your approx credit score , photos of your home , etc . Remove yourself by searching your name , copy the URL of your page , then go to the bottom of the page and click on the Privacy button to remove your ... self . Re-post so your FB friends are aware 
Thanks , Mark , for the info . See More 
BRB !! gotta ' eat then return a call . : ) 
BLACK EYED PEAS !!!!!!! YESSS !! 
Ok , " Puzzled Hearts " is down . " Server problems " . Catch up tomorrow ! 
Wonders do any of us really know everybody on our friend list ? Here is a task for you . I want all my fb friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . You will be amazed at the results you get in 12 hours 
An audacious , golden beer ! 
Please put this on your status if you know someone who suffers from Rectal Cranial Inversion . This disease ( otherwise known as Head Up Your Own Arse Syndrome ) affects the lives of many . There is no known cure for Rectal Cranial Inversion , but by posting information in our status , we can raise awareness . This cause is close to my heart , sadly , I meet many people afflicted with it every day 
Usher Hall , Scotland Edinburg GHI !! 
Well , goodnight my " buds " , I'm checking out and chillin ' with , not wif , my puppy ! 
See Josh , finish college and look ! . . . you won't have to drive around in that old station wagon ,, EEEEEEWWWW Blue car !!!! NNNIIIIICCCCEEEE ! Shut up Craig , I'm passing it !! 
Goodnight guys ! 
