I freakin HATE WINTER !!! 
ready for bed ..... up at 5am to get Josh from work 
Hanging out with the baby for awhile :) 
picking up my adopted grandaughter for the weekend , I am sooo excited ! 
gunna watch a movie and relax .... finally ! 
laundry , laundry , and more freakin laundry , where does it all come from ? 
so , so tired .... very looonnngggg day , night all 
cleaned the house , did some yoga , ate lunch , and now wait till 5pm to get the baby ..... then shopping ! 
Sick .... as always , sinus and ear infection ..... 
Blah , blah , blah ! Couldn't help myself ....... 
Gettin ' ready to go to my new STORE !!!! 
Had a great day with the Baby ..... went to dinner .... now I'm pooped ... Night all ! 
Snow sucks .... roads suck .... it'll take 3 hr's just to get anywhere ! ARRGGGHHHHH !!!!! 
Omg ..... My Son shoveled everything for me , it's better his back hurts than mine , lol 
Dianas ' 1st Birthday was a BLAST !! Can't believe she's walkin'! 
Please be careful if anyone has to drive tonight ! It's awful out there .... 
Can't wait to wake up already !! 
going to get my adopted baby then grocery shopping ...... 
GHOST HUNTERS !!! WOO-HOO !!!! ( Sorry Jay :) I just love um ! 
Off & running ....... wish I'd gotten a head start ! 
Relaxing for now , then off to drive my Son to work at 11pm .... 
So ...... We got approved by the city of Troy to Open our New Magick Shop , Spellbound !!!!! Extremely Excited :) Grand Opening is offically April 5th at 10am !!!! April 1st and 2nd limited hr's by invite only :) I'll keep ya's posted :) 
Time for bed , up at 5am , night all ..... 
Decorating my store today ! then idk .... 
Make yer own pizza night ! Yummmm ......... 
WTF ???!!! I could just really SCREEEEEAAAAMMMMM !!!!!! AHHHH ........ I feel much better now . 
Time for bed ...... Night All 
LMAO !!!!!!!!! 
8 " -12 " in the valley ????????? WTF !!!!! Winters going out with a huge BANG !!!!! Oh , yeah , then more damn snow for Thursday , freakin joy ! 
A true friend doesn't care if your house is untidy , if your car makes funny noises , if you only have $5.00 in the bank this week , or that your family is not perfect ... they love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking to you and never question your friendship . Repost if you are blessed with at least one true friend !!! I have a few ? 
Thanks again everyone for the Birthday Wishes yesterday ! Didn't win too much at the Track ... Was a lot of fun though ;) 
its mommies week !!! post this when u became a mom for the firsr 
time : October 17 1991 ( Which will be an hr from now , lol ) 
this is kelsey and i love my mother !!! hahaha you were hackedd <3 
I am a cook , a housekeeper , a parent , a teacher , a referee , a nanny , a nurse , a handy man , a maid , security , and a comforter . I don't get holiday , sick pay , or a day off . I work through the day & some of the night . I am underpaid and overworked . Now tell me that YOUR job is harder then mine . Repost this if you're a ... MOM ......? 
Bed early .... Hopefully ! Night all 
If your Dad is or was your hero , your best 
friend or just the best Dad ever , whether you are blessed to have 
your Dad still with you ; or if he is an angel in heaven , copy and 
paste this into your status and leteveryone know you are proud of 
your Dad and that you love him dearly ? RIP Daddy .... 02/05/1991 
Losing my voice .... Can't stand it :( I NEED TO TALK !! And my HUSBAND'S LAUGHING AT ME ... Nice , whatever .... 
So , My Son goes to Herkimer Diamond Mines and finds a whole bunch of Herkimer Diamonds ..... and gives them away :) Lol , Guess we'll now have to go back so I can get some ! 
If your Dad is your hero , whether you are blessed to have your Dad still with you , or if he is an Angel in Heaven , copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your dad . 
Okay , I'm really going to bed ! Hahaahh ..... More tomorrow :) 
A night without any kids ??? OMG ! Don't know what to do :) 
Heading to the store , lots to do ..... 
ATTENTION !!!!! PLEASE ALL PARENTS BE WARNED .... DO NOT join the group currently on facebook with the title " becoming a father or mother was the greatest gift of my life " . This is a group that is created by pedophiles whose aim is to acess photos ! Please copy and paste this to your status before people start using your pictures ! 
I'M 
A HANDFUL !!! I'm strong willed , independent , & outspoken . I make 
mistakes , I am sometimes out of control & at times hard to handle - 
but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as heck don't 
deserve me at my best . If ... you're a ... HANDFUL , then repost this on 
your ... status ! I dare you ! 
So .... I just LOVE how people can simply ignore you when they walk by ..... And Oh yeah ..... and their family can keep ya on their friends list just to see what yer gunna do or say next ! Well .... How bout this ? BITE ME , Yeah ... You know who you are .... Cuz when you do finally need me , You'll have to kiss my ass , cuz that's what you'll see while I'm walking away ! Have a Blessed Day :) 
Breathe in ...... Breathe out ....... 
OMG- I just asked Don what cycle he put the laundry on for the wash and , LMFAO , He said " WET " , Think we're a little over tired ! 
Well ..... I finally " GOT " it !! You want what I got ??? Not in this Lifetime or any that may follow :) 
Yawnnnnnn .... so tired .... Hectic day but had a great night with Donnie's Birthday get- together ! Brownie cake was awesome too :) 
Tell me please someone ; why do old people have 2 drive 5 mph UNDER the speed limit ???? GOSH 
Wishing today was as nice as yesterday :( 
We have children going to bed without eating ..... Elderly going without needed medicines ..... Mentally ill without treatment ..... Troops without proper equipment ..... Yet we donate millions to other countries before helping our own first ...... 99% of ppl won't have the guts to copy and repost this .!!!!!! WILL YOU ?.... I did !! 
Is " OMFG , I can't believe you just did that !! " in the dictionary ? 
Happy Mother's Day all you Mamma's! Relax and let everyone wait on you for a change :) 
Well , I'm actually going to bed early !!! Hopefully this will be a regular nightly ritual :) 
WOW !! It is such an AWESOME FEELING to know that I prolly just saved someones LIFE ! 
Oh yeah , life goes on long after the thrill of Livin is gone ;) 
SOME PEOPLE REALLY JUST SUCK !! BM ! 
Never bend over backwards for anyone .... They'll just kick you in the ass .... and beat ya while your down 
Feels like I'm at McDonalds ... Cuz I'm lovin it ! Lol .... Night all .... Zzzzzzz 
Night All .... See ya's in the morning ..... zzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
i love you mother <3 - Kelsey lee Anderson ! (: 
• *¨* • ? Put 
? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? beautiful ? 
DAUGHTER or DAUGHTERS ? in the ? world ? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ?? ¸ . • *¨* • ?? •* 
is off to go get some bloodwork done , yay ! 
Rain makes me Sleepy ... Yaaawwwnnnn .... 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE !!!! 
Happy Father's Day :) Hope you all have an Awesome day ! 
I am starting this New Year off right !! I will only be allowing People in my life that deserve to be here ! I'm soooo DONE with being walked on and lied too ! And to those People who made me this way , I say Thanks for letting me know how strong I really am !! Happy New Year :) 
Hahahaa ... I just won the 5th race !!! 
Feel the rain on your skin ...... today is where your book begins .... the rest is still unwritten :) 
Whatchin the eclpise out the window ... while it's misting sleet , maybe freezin rain , Moons cool though ! 
They 
say true friends can go long periods of time without speaking & 
never question your friendship . This type of friend picks up like they 
just spoke to you yesterday , regardless of how long it's been , how far 
away they live & they don’t hold grudges . They understand that 
life's busy ...... but , know that you'll always love them ... Repost this if 
you're lucky to have at least 1 of these friends . 
Sisterweek !!? 
If you have a sister , whether biological or spiritual , who has made you 
laugh , wiped your tears , prayed for you , hugged you tight , watched you 
succeed , saw you fail , cheered you on and kept you strong ; copy and 
paste this 
Well , now that I fed my animals , enchanted everyones plants and sent some gifts , I'm finally off to bed , lol ! Nightcha'll 
Lol , I just tattooed everyone :) Night all ... 
I like in on the Dresser in front of the mirror 
Happy Friday the 13th !!! 
I like it on the dresser in front of the mirror 
Night All :) 
A 
son will hold your hand for a little while , but he will hold your heart 
for a lifetime . It's " Sons Week " - If you have a son that holds the key 
to your heart , whose smile can light up your day , and who makes your 
life better just because he's in it , copy and paste this to your wall . ( I'm lucky to have 2 :) 
Well , I'm putting this here cuz ya had to be so childish and block me , so now all my friends get to read it too :) 
Yes Sara , I know that , but if you were concerned about her , you should have said something nicely , something other than " you're nasty " ! Very poor choice of words ! Don't know how you're trying to look after her , but that is def not the way . Sorry but I don't appreciate people talkin shit about my Kid .... 
going to the mall with my daughter and ariel (:< 3 haha btw my mom didnt write this her daughter did (: i love you mom <3 
Well , after everything that happened today , can't believe I'm still standing ! Guess that little nap helped ! Feel better Donnie .... and Kelsey :) Love You <3 
Had an Awesome time last night ! Almost peed myself from laughing so hard ! Lmao , had 5 kids who actually did ! Thanks to everyone that came and Thank you to everyone for helping out , much appreciated ! 
Thanks to Amy Rogers for sending me Wishing you a beautiful day .. I really like it ! 
You and I will be young forver :) 
Well .... wish I could say TGIF ... but still lots to do before surgery Monday ! FML ... 
I could really use a wish right now ... 
Watch who you're poking Biatch ! I DO POKE BACK :) And if you don't like it , then call 1-800- BITE-ME < ROFLMFAO !! 
When filling out your Christmas cards this year , take 
ONE CARD and SEND it to this address : A Recovering American Soldier , 
c/o Walter Reed Army Medical Center , 6900 Georgia Avenue , NW Washington , 
DC 20307-5001 . If we pass this on and everyone sends one card , 
think of how many cards these soldiers could get to bring up ...... their 
spirits ? Please repost ! Remember they sacrifice so we all may enjoy ! 
Time to actually relax ... Goodnight FB Friends :) 
group asking everyone to change their profile 
picture to their favorite cartoon is a group of pedophiles . They're 
doing it so kids will accept their friend requests faster if they see a 
cartoon picture . It has nothing to do with supporting child violence , it 
was on that tv show ... ...... that warns about internet frauds plus 
tonights news ..., please copy and paste 
I really wish people would stop making up shit about things they know nothing about ! I'm full of RAGE right now ! I'd watch urselves if I were ya'll! 
Had an Awesome time in Salem ! Can't wait to go back .... soon :) 
Is my Love your Drug ? Hahahhaaa 
Beer ! 
Bad company till the day I die .... 
My Daughter is a creeper !! Lmao ! Love you Kelsey <3 
Kelsey Lee was here <3 i love you momma <3 i miss you timothy <3 
Had a GREAT time last night ! Never laughed so hard in all my life !! Thank You to everyone that was here with us , We'll be sure to do it again next year !! Got Bubbles ? LMAO !! 
Done clippin tai , he looks so cute . But he ain't got any hair an he's gunna freeze when he goes out 
